  Sixers-Nets notebook   By Jake Appleman, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday December 14, 2010 10:59PM THE FACTS:  In an ugly affair that saw the Nets shoot 34.1percent from the field, the Philadelphia 76ers came away with a 82-77 win at the Prudential Center.  Brook Lopez  led the Nets with 16 points. QUOTABLE:  "Yeah, absolutely. He had a great summer with USA B-Ball. And you know, he started every game as a defensive stopper. He's a lockdown defender. He's focused right now and he's been playin well for us."    --  Elton Brand  on  Andre Iguodala 's ability to take the mantle and become a defensive stopper on a good team THE STAT:  No player tallied 20 points.  Jrue Holiday  led all scorers with 19 and  Spencer Hawes  followed suit with 18, on only 11 field goal attempts. The Nets had five guys in double figures. The Nets are now 2-4 when they have five players score at least ten points. TURNING POINT:  Iguodala put the Sixers up 73-62 with a ferocious reverse hammer dunk with over four minutes remaining in the fourth quarter. "Skywalker!" Ian Eagle exclaimed on the TV broadcast. When asked what was going through his mind as the baseline seam opened up, Iguodala responded: "Nothin', just playin' basketball." QUOTABLE II:  "We just had a team meeting where Devin brought up a lot of valid points. We weren't aggressive and need to show more energy on the floor.  Anthony [Morrow]  was talking about how he got a good view from watching the game on TV. We were slow getting into place in half court sets. We don't look like we have any electricity when we're out there."    -- Brook Lopez on the mental state of the team FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  The game may have seen 7:27 minutes of action from  Ben Uzoh , but it was  Kris Humphries ' unique performance that was eye-catching. Humphries recorded 13 rebounds, but scored only two points on 1-for-10 shooting. Regardless, his hustle was noticed by anyone paying attention. "I try to forget about it and approach every game as a new one," Humphries said. "We need to have short memories, that's the only thing we can do." INSIDE THE ARENA:   Earvin "Magic" Johnson  appeared on the Jumbotron urging fans to make some noise. Johnson attended the Lakers-Nets game on Sunday...Craig Mack's "Flava in Ya Ear" blared over the loudspeaker when  Derrick Favors  checked back into the game late in the second quarter... Michael Jackson 's "Thriller" is a Prudential Center staple after made Brook Lopez baskets... ROOKIE WATCH:  Favors (seven points, eight rebounds, a lot of tenacity, especially in the second half) bested a scoreless and indecisive  Evan Turner  in the stat box. . NOTABLE:   Stephen "Moonlight" Graham  was a late addition to the starting lineup, replacing Morrow, who tried to come back and play, but his strained right hamstring proved too severe...With 1:23 remaining in the first half, Graham wrapped  Thaddeus Young  in a bear hug; this after Iguodala hit Young with a slick feed...Humphries started the game 0-for-4 from the field, but corralled five offensive rebounds in the first quarter... "He didn't touch me at all?" Iguodala asked referee  Bill Kennedy  after airballing a wing three early in the third quarter...Favors also emphatically blocked a baseline Turner jumper into the crowd, forcing a 24-second violation early in the second quarter...Iguodala wedged a wing 3-pointer between the rim and backboard with 10:21 left in the third quarter..."Leave the gun; take the canolis," is a famous quote from The Godfather. The Nets served cannoli in the media room at halftime. In Godfather parlance the impending three way trade between the Nets, Rockets and Lakers renders  Joe Smith  and  Terrence Williams  cannoli and  Sasha Vujacic  a hired gun... UP NEXT:  For the Sixers, Wednesday vs. Clippers, Friday vs. Lakers, Saturday @ Orlando. For the Nets, Thursday vs. Washington, Friday @ Toronto, Sunday @ Atlanta.  