  Clippers-Bucks notebook   By Rick Braun, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday February 15, 2011 12:21AM THE FACTS: Carlos Delfino  scored 26 points -- 16 in the fourth quarter on 5-of-6 shooting on 3-pointers --  Brandon Jennings  added 20 points and  John Salmons  had 16 points and 12 assists as the Milwaukee Bucks broke open a close game and ran away from the Los Angeles Clippers 102-78 Monday night at the Bradley Center. QUOTABLE:  "I doubt anybody's going to guard him any better than that, one-on-one, and also the guys were really active on the perimeter. We were sinking down into his lap and still recovering out to their people. That guy is so big and quick, and Luc did a great job on him."   -- Bucks coach  Scott Skiles  on the job  Luc Richard Mbah a Moute  and the rest of the team did on Clippers forward  Blake Griffin THE STAT:  While matching his career high with 12 assists, Salmons also had no turnovers. He was a shooting guard who played like a point guard, while Jennings scored 11 of Milwaukee's first 13 points and was a point guard who played like a shooting guard. Salmons' double-double was his first since Feb. 8, 2009 when he had 23 points and 11 assists with Sacramento at Oklahoma City. TURNING POINT:  The Bucks had made enough mistakes to keep the Clippers close through three quarters, and a turnover on the opening possession of the fourth quarter allowed Los Angeles to pull within 71-67. From there, Delfino made two 3-pointers, Salmons another and then Delfino another in a 14-1 run that pushed the lead to a comfortable 85-68. QUOTABLE II:  "Guys were knocking down shots. That makes all the difference. That's the way we've wanted to play from Day 1, move the ball, find the open guy and make shots. Tonight it was flowing that way."   -- Salmons HOT:  Little-used forward  Jon Brockman  was pressed into service because of an injury to Ersan Ilyasova in the first two minutes and Andrew Bogut's foul trouble and contributed 11 points on 3-for-3 shooting from the field and 5-for-6 from the line.     NOT:  Although he had his customary double-double with 19 points and 12 rebounds, Griffin was just 7-for-19 from the field as the Clippers shot just 37.1 percent as a team (26-for-70). FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Along with his 26 points and career-high seven 3-pointers, Delfino added nine rebounds, three steals and two assists. BAD MOVE:  Bogut picked up his fifth foul on the offensive end with 7:37 left, and when Skiles left him in, the center fouled out just 13 seconds later. Over the next three minutes the Clippers cut a 17-point deficit down to 12 before the Bucks regained their bearings and pulled away. NOTABLE:  The game was the seventh of an 11-game road trip for the Clippers. They are 1-6 thus far. ... Bucks forward  Corey Maggette  missed the game with a sore lower back. Maggette left Saturday's loss to Indiana in the first quarter with the injury. ... Bucks forward  Ersan Ilyasova  was hit in the right eye two minutes into the game and did not return. ... The Bucks snapped a three-game losing streak and won for just the second time in nine games. ... Mbah a Moute had a double-double with 13 points and 10 rebounds off the bench. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Wednesday @ Minnesota, Feb. 22 @ Oklahoma City, Feb. 23 @ New Orleans. For the Bucks, Wednesday vs. Denver, Feb. 22 vs. Minnesota, Feb. 23 @ New York.  