Notebook: Mavericks 105, Wizards 95 
 
 
 Micah Powell for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Nov 13, 2013 12:04 AM - Updated Wed Nov 13, 2013 12:04 AM 
 
 THE FACT: Dirk Nowitzki  scored 19 points to move into 16th place on the NBA all-time scoring list, passing Jerry West (25,192). 
 
 THE LEAD: Monta Ellis  and Nowitzki each tallied 19 points, leading five Mavericks who scored in double figures, to power Dallas to a 105-95 victory over Washington Tuesday night at the American Airlines Center. 
 Dallas (5-3) held off a third-quarter rally by the Wizards (2-5) led by  Trevor Ariza , who connected on four 3-pointers in the frame to cut a 15-point deficit all the way down to four. The Mavericks answered right back, rattling off a 10-2 run late in the period to push the lead back to double digits.  
 Washington once again closed the gap in the fourth, narrowing the Mavericks lead to five midway through the frame before Ellis notched eight points in a three minute span to put the game out of reach. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  " Jerry [West]  is the man, he is the logo and that says it all. It has been a great ride, this is my 16th season and hopefully I can pass a couple of more guys and win a couple more games and hopefully help this franchise make the playoffs." 
 --Dirk Nowitzki on passing West on the all-time scoring list 
 
 THE STAT:  After connecting on 66.7 percent of its shots from the field and posting 34 points in the first quarter, Washington scored just 15 points in the second on 6-for-22 shooting. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Mavericks managed to tally seven points in one possession in the first quarter.  Jae Crowder  converted a layup while drawing a foul and missed the free throw, but  DeJuan Blair  grabbed the board and chipped in two points while also being hacked. Blair missed the freebie which was chased down by  Vince Carter  who knocked down a 3-pointer. The feat erased a six-point deficit and put the Mavericks in front. 
 
 QUOTABLE II : "We are not playing any defense. We are last in the league in points, last in the league in field goal percentage ... I have to change up our bench. There are something that need to be done rotation-wise." 
 --Wizards coach  Randy Wittman 
 
 
 HOT:  Ariza was on fire from long range, hitting 5 of his 11 shots from deep to help him lead the Wizards in scoring with 27 points. 
 
 NOT : After setting a career-high on Sunday in Oklahoma City,  Bradley Beal  struggled to find his shot all night, going just 2-for-10 from the field and finishing with a season-low nine points. 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Entering the game, only  Chris Paul  (12.4) and  Jeff Teague  (10.1) were averaging more assists per game than  John Wall . He continued to distribute the rock at a fever pitch, doling out 10 helpers and amassing 14 points. 
 
 NOTABLE:  After passing West with a 3-pointer in the third quarter, Nowitzki now trails  Reggie Miller  by just 83 points for 15th place on the scoring list. ... Dallas advanced to 4-0 at home to start a season for the time since 2007-08. ... Blair finished the night with 11 boards and nine points off the bench. He is the only player in the league to average more than seven rebounds per game that has yet to start. ... The Wizards held a 28-5 advantage over the Mavericks in fastbreak points. ... With the loss, Washington has now dropped seven consecutive games to the Mavericks. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Mavericks, Friday @ Miami, Saturday @ Orlando, Monday vs. Philadelphia. For the Wizards, Wednesday @ San Antonio, Saturday vs. Cleveland, Tuesday vs. Minnesota. 
