
 Jazz-Warriors notebook   By Geoff Lepper, for NBA.com  Posted Saturday November 6, 2010 2:12AM THE FACTS:   Monta Ellis  scored 23 points and grabbed a career-high seven steals to highlight a stout Warriors defense that keyed Golden State's 85-78 victory against the Utah Jazz on Friday night. The Warriors scored 27 points off 21 Utah turnovers and limited the Jazz to 39.5 percent shooting, 21.4 on 3-pointers. QUOTABLE:  "We have a saying: 'DTW -- Defense Travels Well.' Your legs and your shots won't go all the time. Your jump shots may not be there. But if you can lock into your defense -- that's what they've done. And that kept us in the game. We weren't down by 10, 15 points. Our defense kept us close."    -- Warriors coach  Keith Smart THE STAT:  The Jazz have historically feasted on the small-ball Warriors, but that was no longer the case Friday, as they were limited to just eight second-chance points, compared the Warriors' 26.  Al Jefferson  had 15 boards and  Paul Millsap  11 for Utah, but they were outgunned by  Andris Biedrins,  who had 20, and  David Lee , who grabbed 15. TURNING POINT:  Moments after Deron Williams (who finished with 23 points) had dragged Utah back into a 72-72 tie with 3:17 remaining, Stephen Curry responded with the knockout flurry. The Warriors point guard drained a jumper to retake the lead for good, then stripped Jefferson and dribbled the length of the court before spinning between two Utah defenders for a highlight-reel finish and three-point play. QUOTABLE II:  "We are not trying to take so much crazy shots as we did in the last couple of years. We try to more move the ball and get easier shots and get everybody else involved in the offense. So I think that helps, that we don't take those shots after five or seven seconds on offense, just pulling up."   --  Biedrins, repudiating the old Don Nelson game plan NOT:   Dorell Wright  came into Friday averaging 20.0 points per game, but his 25-point performance (with seven 3-pointers) against Memphis on Wednesday didn't carry over against the Jazz. Wright went 3-for-13. INSIDE THE ARENA:   Pablo Sandoval,  newly minted world champion with the San Francisco Giants, sat courtside near the Warriors' bench and received a large ovation when introduced on the PA system. GOOD MOVE:  Smart managed to give both Ellis and Curry nearly four minutes of rest to start the fourth quarter, and a makeshift backcourt of  Reggie Williams, Charlie Bell, Rodney Carney, Lee and Dan Gadzuric  held the Jazz in check until the closers were suitably recharged. BAD MOVE:   Andrei Kirilenko  needs to start because he's one of the few veterans  Jerry Sloan  has who is totally familiar with the playbook, but not if the Russian's going to have nights such as this: 0-for-3, four points, four rebounds, two turnovers in 27 minutes. NOTABLE:  Curry, playing for the first time after a sprained right ankle caused him to miss two games, wore a noticeable brace on that foot. . . . This was the fourth 20-rebound game of Andris Biedrins' career. . . . This was the fewest points the Warriors scored in a victory since an 83-81 decision in New York against the Knicks on Nov. 6, 2005. . . . The Jazz found demonstrators outside their Oakland hotel Friday before the game, protesting the shortness of the two-year sentence given to former BART police Officer Johannes Mehserle in the shooting death of unarmed train rider Oscar Grant on Jan. 1, 2009. The situation reminded Sloan of April 1992, when the Jazz were in Los Angeles for a first-round playoff series against the Clippers and, between Games 3 and 4, the Rodney King riots broke out after four LAPD officers were acquitted in the videotaped beating of King. "It's something you think about," Sloan said. "That was kind of a scary time for us. We had to stay in the hotel the whole time. It was very uncomfortable. It wasn't a laughing matter." . . . After opening 4-0 at home but losing their only road game, the Warriors embark on a five-date road trip, one of their three longest this season, and partake of their first two sets of back-to-back games. UP NEXT : For the Jazz, Saturday vs. Clippers, Tuesday at Miami, Wednesday at Orlando. For the Warriors, Sunday at Detroit, Monday at Toronto, Wednesday at New York. 
