Notebook: Grizzlies 112, Pistons 84 
 
 
 Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Jan 05, 2014 4:31 PM - Updated Sun Jan 05, 2014 4:31 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Pistons have lost six straight to the Grizzlies at The Palace of Auburn Hills. Their last home victory over Memphis was a 94-67 blowout on Dec. 21, 2007.  
 
 THE LEAD:  Reserve forward  Joe Leuer  tied his career-high with 23 points and power forward  Zach Randolph  had 16 points and 16 rebounds as the Memphis Grizzlies defeated the Detroit Pistons for the eight consecutive time 112-84 on Sunday afternoon at The Palace. Backup forward  Ed Davis  supplied 17 points and 11 rebounds while point guard  Mike Conley  and small forward  Tayshaun Prince , a longtime Piston, added 15 points apiece for the Grizzlies, who outscored Detroit 61-28 in the second half. Power forward  Greg Monroe  topped the Pistons (14-20), who have lost four straight, with 19 points and eight rebounds. Center  Andre Drummond  added 15 points and 14 rebounds despite foul trouble. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "They did a good job of offensive rebounding in the first half but we did a great job in the third quarter of not letting them get second and third opportunities. Once we did that, we were able to score and we were also able to control them from a defensive standpoint. Their offensive rebounding fuels their energy and fast break and when you take that away, you put yourself in a position to play good help defense. We were able to do that in the third quarter and that was huge for us." 
 -- Prince on his team's second-half performance. The Pistons had no second-chance points in the second half. 
 
 
 THE STAT:  52-19. Memphis' bench played a key role, outscoring the Pistons reserves by 33, 52-19. Leuer and Davis led the way but guard  Jerryd Bayless  (10 points, five assists) also made his presence felt. Leuer scored 16 in the first half to keep the Grizzlies within striking distance. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Memphis held Detroit to 11 third-quarter points and finished it on an 18-5 run while taking a double-digit lead. The run was aided by the absence of Drummond, who picked up his fourth foul with 7:43 remaining in the quarter and sat until the fourth quarter. Conley made a 3-pointer and a baseline jumper midway through the quarter to give the Grizzlies a 71-64 advantage and his fast-break layup in the final minute made it 79-67.  
 
 HOT:  Prince is averaging a career-low 6.5 points as a starter but he's perked up the last two games, scoring 28 points the past two games. Coach  David Joerger  got Prince in the flow early and his small forward responded with the team's first two baskets. Prince had just four points and three rebounds in his first game with Memphis at The Palace on Feb. 19 of last season. 
 
 NOT:  Detroit point guard  Brandon Jennings  had a miserable second half, missing all seven of his shot attempts while dishing out just one assist. Jennings was 2 -for-14 from the field while scoring only four points. He has made 11-of-43 shot attempts over the last three games. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "Without him, we might have been down 20. We definitely needed that boost." 
 -- Davis on Leuer's first-half performance. 
 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Detroit guard  Kentavious Caldwell-Pope  had 14 points in 27 minutes. Memphis reserve guard  Nick Calathes  had only one basket in 16 minutes but contributed five assists and two steals.  
 
 NOTABLE:  Drummond's 24 double-doubles lead the Eastern Conference. ... The Grizzlies play six of their next seven games at home while the Pistons embark on a three-game road trip. ... Memphis starting guard Tony Allen was a late scratch because of a left hand contusion. He has missed six games this season ... Detroit reserve forward  Kyle Singler  reached the career 1,000-point mark on a three-point play during the second quarter. ... Pistons sixth man  Rodney Stuckey , who is averaging 14 points per game, sat out his second consecutive game with a sore right shoulder. ... The Grizzlies are 8-12 without center  Marc Gasol  (left MCL sprain), who is out indefinitely. ... Memphis plays six of its next games at home but the Grizzlies are 7-11 at FedEx Forum after losing just nine home games last season. ... Detroit begins a three-game road trip at New York's Madison Square Garden, where it has lost seven straight 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Grizzlies, Tuesday vs. San Antonio, Friday vs. Phoenix, Sunday vs. Atlanta. For the Pistons, Tuesday @ New York, Wednesday @ Toronto, Friday @ 76ers. 
