  Raptors-Celtics notebook   By Holly J. MacKenzie, for NBA.com Posted Sunday November 21, 2010 5:24PM THE FACTS:  In a Sunday afternoon showdown, the Toronto Raptors outlasted the  Rajon Rondo -less Boston Celtics to pull out the 102-101 victory in front of their home crowd. The Raptors were led by 29 points from  Andrea Bargnani  and 17 points and 11 rebounds from  Amir Johnson . QUOTABLE:  "My swag was up definitely at the end...my confidence level -aka swag- was up." -  Amir Johnson on how he was feeling when he had to step up the line with 2.7 seconds remaining, trailing by one. THE STAT:  After scoring 23 points in the first quarter and trailing by eight after the opening 12 minutes of action, the Raptors exploded for 38 second-quarter points to take a 61-58 point lead into the locker room at the break. The 38-point quarter was the highest-scoring quarter allowed by the Celtics this season. TURNING POINT:  Holding the Raptors scoreless from the floor for over six minutes, the Celtics reeled off a 17-1 run in the fourth to lead by three with 2:29 remaining. Rather than looking for the three to tie the game, Toronto scored quickly on a layup from  Sonny Weems  and then a  Leandro Barbosa  steal ended up with Johnson at the free-throw line. With 2.7 seconds remaining, Johnson calmly drained both shots to put the Raptors up one and  Paul Pierce  was not able to score at the buzzer. QUOTABLE II:  "You answer that. I need my money, I have four kids, alright? I'll let you answer that. I didn't see anything." -  Doc Rivers  jokingly responds when asked whether he thought the final foul on Amir Johnson should have been a shooting foul. HOT:  Amir Johnson had a season-high 16 points to go with 11 rebounds in 24 minutes of action for the Raptors. He was 9-for-9 from the line, setting career-highs in free throws made. None were bigger than the two free throws he hit with 2.7 seconds remaining to put the Raptors up by one and give them the win. NOT:   Shaquille O'Neal  went just 2-for-8 from the floor for his eight points, fouling out in 19 minutes of action. NOTABLE:  The victory ends the Raptors eight-game losing streak against the Celtics.  Reggie Evans  and  Jose Calderon  both picked up technical fouls for arguing non-calls in the game. Raptors rookie  Ed Davis  could be sent to the Erie Bayhawks as early as tomorrow. Prior to the game, Doc Rivers deemed it "highly doubtful" that Rondo will play tomorrow against the Hawks. UP NEXT:  For the Celtics, Monday @ Atlanta, Wednesday vs. New Jersey and Friday vs. Toronto. For the Raptors, Wednesday vs. Philadelphia, Friday @ Boston, Sunday vs. Atlanta.  