  Mavericks-Cavaliers notebook   By Sam Amico, for NBA.com Posted Sunday January 2, 2011 11:03PM THE FACTS:  Who needs  Dirk Nowitzki  and  Caron Butler ? Well, the Dallas Mavericks, that's who. But for one night the Mavs survived without their two stars, using a team-wide effort for a 104-95 road win over Cleveland on Sunday. It also snapped a three-game losing streak for the Mavs (25-8). Capably filling in for the injured Nowitzki (knee) and Butler (worse knee) were the likes of  Shawn Marion  (22 points) and  DeShawn Stevenson  (21).  Antawn Jamison's  35 points and 10 rebounds paced the Cavaliers (8-26). QUOTABLE:  "This was a much-needed win for us. With what happened to Caron last night, it's been a tough 24 hours. But the guys came together and battled hard." -- Mavericks coach  Rick Carlisle THE STAT:  Five. That's how many double-doubles compiled this season by  Tyson Chandler . Not only did the Mavs center finish with 14 points and 14 rebounds, but he also made all six of his field-goal attempts. TURNING POINT:  The Mavs raced to a 21-7 lead in the first quarter, but the Cavs battled back to go up 28-27 early in the second. That's when the Mavs went on a major run and regain control. They led 50-41 at half and never trailed again. "They made a run at our bench guys and our bench guys sucked it up and made a run back at them," Carlisle said. "I thought that was probably the most important stretch of the game." QUOTABLE II:  "I think we did a really good job of moving the ball and making the extra pass. That's really what it boils down to. We got stops when we needed to and we were really looking for each other." -- Marion on overcoming the losses of Nowitzki and Butler HOT:  Jamison looked like a Harlem Globetrotter on a team of D-Leaguers, making 14 of 22 shots and playing with lots of passion despite being the Cavs' second-oldest player. ... Also, for the Cavs,  Ramon Sessions  played his third straight strong game with 19 points, 12 assists and seven boards. ... Sixth Man of the Year candidate Jason Terry scored 18 points for the Mavs in a rare start. NOT:  Mavs rookie  Dominique Jones  got called up from the D-League earlier in the day and immediately started firing away. Jones looked good overall, but went just 2-for-10 shooting in his return to the NBA. "I was very fortunate to have [the D-League affiliate] so close," Jones said. "I got a chance to play and get my rhythm back and learn." FANTASY SPOTLIGHT: Mo Williams  returned after missing two games with a hip injury, but went 2-for-11 shooting and scored five points. Might want to consider replacing or trading him as the Cavs are likely to stick with their youth movement (and Sessions) in the coming weeks. ROOKIE WATCH:  Undrafted guard  Manny Harris  received his second straight start for the Cavs, finishing with two points, four assists and lots of hustle. Also, Cavs rookie swingman  Christian Eyenga  was called up from the D-League earlier in the day and scored four points off the bench. It could be argued that Eyenga was the most athletic player on the floor Sunday. NOTABLE:  Marion, Stevenson and Jamison each had season-high in points. ... Over the last four games, Sessions is averaging 16.5 points on 59 percent shooting. UP NEXT : For the Mavericks, Tuesday vs. Portland, Thursday vs. Oklahoma City, Saturday vs. Orlando. For the Cavaliers, Wednesday vs. Toronto, Friday @ Golden State, Sunday @ Phoenix.  