  Notebook: Grizzlies 98, Pacers 92 Posted Saturday February 11, 2012 12:21AM By Marlon W. Morgan, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  In the matchup between first-time NBA All-Star selection centers, Memphis Grizzlies center  Marc Gasol  came up big on both ends of the floor, scoring 15 points with seven rebounds and four assists to lead his team to a 98-92 victory Friday night against the Indiana Pacers. Gasol held Indiana center  Roy Hibbert  to five points as he missed six of his seven shots, his worst outing of the season. QUOTABLE:  "The biggest different was the willingness to win. They had a little bit more will than us. They wanted it more and that's something that we just can't have. Road or at home, we've got to try and find a way to win games and tonight was that case."   -- Indiana guard  Darren Collison . THE STAT:  The score was tied until the final buzzer. Both teams scored 22 in the first quarter, 25 in the second and 26 in the third quarter. The Grizzlies won the final period 25-19. TURNING POINT:  A series of three plays by Gasol down the stretch helped pull out the win. His free throw with 2:59 gave the Grizzlies an 89-87 lead. Then after a basket by  Tony Allen , Gasol blocked a shot by Hibbert, leading to a jump ball that he won. Gasol was then fouled on the other end and his two free throws gave the Grizzlies a 93-87 lead with 1:09 to play. HOT:  Grizzlies forward  Marreese Speights  rediscovered his shooting touch. Mired in a slump that saw him score a combined 20 points in the last five games, four of which he shot 25 percent or less, Speights made six of his first eight shots and finished the night with 19 points and nine rebounds. NOT:  Indiana guard  Paul George , who has been one of the surprises this year averaging 12 points, was just 2 of 13 from the floor, finishing with eight points. In his last two games, George has made just 3-for-21 (14 percent). QUOTABLE II:  "It's good to see [Tony Allen] out on the court. He has a vibe about him. When he gets on the court, you know you have got to step up your game. He requires so much out of you, defensively especially. I tell him, 'People are afraid of you.' When the opposing team brings the ball down the court, they are afraid to throw passes around him, so he can change the game."   -- Memphis guard  Mike Conley NOTABLE:  It figures that neither team managed to score 100 points. The Grizzlies and Pacers entered the game tied for the NBA lead for most games holding an opponent under 100 (23). ... Tonight's loss marks the first time this season Indiana has lost back-to-back games. ... The Grizzlies shot 46.6 percent from the floor, just the second time in the last 12 games that they have shot over 44 percent. The Pacers, meanwhile, shot just 38.5 percent. ... Indiana forward  David West  finished with game-highs of 22 points and 13 rebounds. The Pacers other All-Star, forward  Danny Granger , had 19 points, but was limited to 13 minutes in the second half after picking up five fouls with 9:45 left in the game. ... Grizzlies reserve  Dante Cunningham  picked up two quick technical fouls and was ejected with 1:31 to go in the third quarter. ... Memphis guard Tony Allen returned after missing three games with a sore left hip and knee. Allen came off the bench to scored six points and grab eight rebounds while playing his usual stellar defense. ... Grizzlies forward  Rudy Gay , who failed to land a spot as a reserve for the Western Conference All-Stars, scored 21 points. UP NEXT:  For the Pacers, Saturday vs. Denver, Tuesday vs. Miami, Wednesday at Cleveland. For the Grizzlies, Sunday vs. Utah, Tuesday vs. Houston, Wednesday at New Jersey.  