  Blazers-Suns notebook   By Jonathan Dalton, for NBA.com Posted Saturday December 11, 2010 12:09AM THE FACTS:   Brandon Roy  scored 26 points and  LaMarcus Aldridge  added 23 to help lead the Portland Trail Blazers past the Phoenix Suns 101-94 on Friday night.  Marcus Camby  had 16 points and 18 rebounds, and  Wesley Matthews  added 16 points for the Blazers, who won their fourth straight game despite getting only 10 points from their bench.  Steve Nash  scored 24 points and  Grant Hill  added 17 for the Suns, who matched a season worst with their third straight loss. QUOTABLE:  "We were running on fumes that whole time. Phoenix really wanted this game, needed this game and our guys responded."   -- Blazers coach  Nate McMillan .  THE STAT:  Nash had only two fewer field goals than Phoenix's other four starters combined and seemed to be playing 1-on-5 at times. He has received virtually no support the past two games from  Jason Richardson , who is a combined 3-for-20 in the Suns' latest two losses. TURNING POINT:  Trailing 94-88, the Suns were awarded the ball following a replay review of a rebound under the Blazers basket. But Nash threw the ball away driving the baseline on the ensuing possession and Roy followed with a 15-foot jumper as the shot clock expired to make it 96-88 and end Phoenix's last-gasp rally attempt. QUOTABLE II:  "We've got to get our confidence back and understand we're a good team."   -- Suns coach  Alvin Gentry . HOT:  What sore knee? Roy was 8-for-13 over the first three quarters as Portland shot 58.5 percent to open an 87-73 lead. Even when the Blazers had only four field goals in the fourth quarter, Roy accounted for half of them including the dagger 15-footer as the shot clock expired with under two minutes to play. NOT:  The Suns were held under 100 points for the third straight game, the club's longest such streak since a four-gamer from Dec. 9-14, 2005. Phoenix has been held to less than 100 in all three meetings against the Blazers and is 0-7 this year when failing to reach the century mark. TOO LITTLE, TOO LATE:  Phoenix limited the Blazers to 4-for-18 shooting in the fourth quarter, but the Suns' own offensive woes prevented them from pulling any closer than six points down the stretch. JUST FOR FUN:  Suns swingman  Jared Dudley  was pictured on the game program throwing down a dunk. Richardson taped a copy of the program to Dudley's locker with a note that read, "Photoshopped?" INSIDE THE ARENA:  Suns Ring of Honor member and current Sacramento mayor  Kevin Johnson  was sitting courtside near the Phoenix tunnel. NOTABLE:  Nash played his 628th game for the Suns, passing  Alvin Scott  for sixth on the franchise's all-time games played list.  Alvan Adams  holds Phoenix's career mark with 988 games played. UP NEXT:  For the Blazers, Sunday at San Antonio, Monday at Memphis, Wednesday at Dallas. For the Suns, Wednesday vs. Minnesota, Friday at Dallas, December 19 at Oklahoma City.  