  Notebook: Rockets 97, Grizzlies 93 Posted Tuesday February 21, 2012 12:06AM By Matt Miller, for NBA.com     THE FACTS:  The Houston Rockets waited until the fourth quarter to show up on the defensive end. Fortunately for them, the Memphis Grizzlies' defense did not appear until a few minutes later. Kyle Lowry  scored 24 points, dished out nine assists and grabbed seven rebounds, and  Kevin Martin  added 22 points as the Rockets used an intense defensive effort and exceptional free-throw shooting in the final period to outlast the Grizzlies, 97-93, on Monday at Toyota Center. Rudy Gay  poured in 23 points and pulled down seven boards to lead Memphis (18-15), while  Mike Conley  chipped in with 16 points, three assists and two steals. The Rockets (19-14), who snapped the Grizzlies' four-game winning streak with the victory, have won three of their last four games overall and 11 consecutive meetings with Memphis in Houston. QUOTABLE:  "We needed to stop dribble penetration because we kept over-helping and they kept dumping it down for dunks. ... We were more solid [at the end of the game]. We didn't allow ball-handlers to blow by."  --  Rockets rookie forward  Chandler Parsons  on the defensive adjustments that helped frustrate Memphis in the final period THE STAT:  After allowing the Grizzlies to pile up 76 points on 53.3 percent (32-for-60) shooting over the first three quarters, the Rockets limited Memphis to 17 points on 31.6 percent (6-for-19) shooting in the fourth. TURNING POINT:  The teams entered the fourth quarter deadlocked at 76, but Houston went on a 10-0 run over the first three minutes of the period to build its largest lead of the game. The Grizzlies battled back with their stingiest defensive play of the contest, holding the Rockets scoreless over the next four minutes during a 6-0 spurt. After a Houston timeout, however, Lowry made a strong drive to the hoop for an "and-one" layup that concluded the Rockets' drought. QUOTABLE II:  "They moved the ball and were running their sets to a tee. They showed more energy and were the aggressors. We let our claw down."  --  Grizzlies guard  Tony Allen  on Houston's early fourth-quarter surge. HOT:  Martin has struggled to find consistency with his shot over the last few games, but he quickly worked himself into a rhythm Monday. The 6-foot-7 shooting guard nailed his first five shots en route to an 8-for-13 performance from the floor. Martin has connected on 51.0 percent (26-for-51) of his field-goal attempts over the last four games. HOT II:  Including Monday's 3-for-7 effort from 3-point range, Lowry has shot a scorching 10-for-15 (66.7 percent) from downtown over his last two contests. NOT:  Grizzlies forward  Marc Gasol  failed to post his third consecutive double-double and did not assert himself in the post against the Rockets' weak interior. Gasol finished with only 11 points on 3-for-8 shooting after Houston's previous two opponents received much larger contributions from their big men. GOOD MOVE:  Houston worked Martin into the flow of its offense early and often, allowing its leading scorer to recapture his shooting touch while placing defensive specialist Allen in minor foul trouble. NOTABLE:  Rockets center  Samuel Dalembert  returned to the Rockets' starting lineup Monday after being benched for the first quarter of Sunday's win over Utah as punishment for missing the pre-game walk-through. ... Monday's contest was Memphis coach  Lionel Hollins'  300th game as head coach. ... The Grizzlies have not won in Houston since April 15, 2006. ... Houston improved to 5-1 this season in games decided by four points or less. ... The Rockets have swept five of their last seven back-to-back sets. ... Houston improved to 6-1 when playing the second game of a back-to-back at Toyota Center. ... The Rockets shot a season-best 66.7 percent (24-for-36) in the first half. ... Houston forward  Patrick Patterson  grabbed a season-high nine rebounds. ... The Rockets shot 9-for-9 at the free-throw line in the fourth quarter. ... All five of Memphis' starters scored at least 10 points. At least five Grizzlies have scored in double figures in each of Memphis' last three games. UP NEXT:  For the Grizzlies, Tuesday vs. Philadelphia, Feb. 29 vs. Dallas, March 2 @ Toronto. For the Rockets, Wednesday vs. Philadelphia, Feb. 28 vs. Toronto, Feb. 29 @ Utah.  