Notebook: Pistons 91, Raptors 90 
 
 
 Dana Gauruder, For NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Nov 23, 2012 11:38 PM - Updated Fri Nov 23, 2012 11:38 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:  Detroit point guard  Brandon Knight  made a layup with 7.8 seconds remaining as the Pistons defeated the Toronto Raptors 91-90 Friday night at The Palace of Auburn Hills.  Greg Monroe  had a team-high 19 points and 11 rebounds as the Pistons, who squandered a 13-point lead, rallied from a late five-point deficit. Knight and  Tayshaun Prince  added 16 points apiece.  Andrea Bargnani  had a season-high 34 points for the Raptors, who lost their third straight. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "The thing about Brandon is he's not afraid. He'll put himself out there. Sometimes it works for us and sometimes it doesn't work out, but he's not afraid, I'll tell you that much." 
 -- Detroit coach  Lawrence Frank  
 
 
 THE STAT:  52-26. The Pistons (3-10) dominated inside the lane, doubling the Raptors (3-10) with 52 points in the paint compared to 26 for the visitors. Detroit helped itself with 15 offensive rebounds, including eight by rookie center  Andre Drummond . Entering the game, the Pistons were being outscored by an average of 45.7-44.5 in the lane. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Bargnani gave the Raptors a five-point lead on a 3-pointer with 4:31 remaining and a three-point advantage with another 3 with 1:21 left, but Detroit refused to fold. Prince hit a pair of hook shots in the late-going before Knight's go-ahead basket, and Knight forced  Kyle Lowry  into two off-balance misses. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I saw a lot from [Drummond]. The most important thing is, when he made mistakes and missed free throws, he stayed the course. He didn't put his head down and, obviously, it was tough for them to keep him off the offensive glass. His energy kept the crowd in the game and that's what we need from him." 
 -- Tayshaun Prince on Andre Drummond's big night 
 
 HOT:  Drummond recorded his first double-double with 13 points and 13 rebounds. Four of those points and nine of the rebounds came in the fourth quarter. He played all but 42 seconds of the final quarter, as Frank stuck with the hot hand. His rebound total was five more than his previous best. 
 
 NOT:  Raptors center  Jonas Valanciunas  had a large rooting section in the lower bowl, but he scored just two of his nine points after halftime. Valanciunas, coming off back-to-back double-doubles, injured his left leg in the second half and had trouble pushing off it. Valanciunas only grabbed six rebounds and committed four second-half fouls. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Raptors guard  Terrence Ross  had a rough night, missing all five of his shots while going scoreless. Detroit guard  Kyle Singler  was held to six points and one rebound in 29 minutes. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Monroe has grabbed five or more rebounds in 104 consecutive games, the league's longest current streak. ... Detroit has won 15 of its last 18 home games against Toronto. ... The Pistons were 0-7 against teams under .500 entering the game. ... Bargnani, who had 21 first-half points, surpassed his previous season high by nine points. ... Lowry scored 17 of his 19 points in the second half. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Raptors, Sunday vs. San Antonio, Tuesday @ Houston, Wednesday @ Memphis. For the Pistons, Sunday @ New York, Monday vs. Portland, Wednesday vs. Phoenix. 
