  Notebook: Nets 101, Clippers 100 Posted Wednesday March 7, 2012 11:50PM By Abe Schwadron, for NBA.com THE FACTS: Jordan Farmar  hit a 3-pointer with 0.2 seconds left and the New Jersey Nets survived a monster game from  Blake Griffin  to beat the Los Angeles Clippers, 101-100. Griffin finished with 28 points and 17 rebounds,  Chris Paul  added 22 points, 10 assists and five steals and the Clippers mounted a second-half comeback to make a double-digit halftime deficit evaporate, but Farmar's clutch shot and a big game from  Deron Williams  helped New Jersey stop a seven-game home losing skid. Los Angeles stormed back to cut what was an 18-point hole to just five with five minutes remaining in the game. Then on consecutive possessions  Randy Foye  hit a clutch 3-pointer and Paul scored on a patented fake-and-finish in transition to tie the game at 88. With under a minute to play, the Clippers again tied the game in improbable fashion, as Foye cashed in on an old-fashioned three-point play after getting fouled on a jumpshot from the wing. And after an  Anthony Morrow  miss at the other end, Paul sank a pair of free throws to give L.A. a two-point lead with under 10 seconds left. Williams was double-teamed immediately on the Nets' final play, but found Farmar open on the right wing, and the reserve guard made the game's last shot count, drilling one of his three 3-pointers on the night. Farmar scored 16 points in all, while Williams had 21 to go with 10 assists and six rebounds. New Jersey also got double-doubles from  Kris Humphries  (12 points, 11 rebounds) and  Shelden Williams  (15 points, 10 rebounds), marking the first time this season three Nets have notched double-doubles in the same game. QUOTABLE:  "What a great on-time, on-target pass, first of all, good spacing by the rest of the guys on the floor. And Jordan made probably the biggest shot this year for us."   -- Nets head coach  Avery Johnson  on Farmar's game-winner THE STAT:  The officials handed out five technical fouls in what was a chippy game. New Jersey made the most of the parade to the free throw line, outscoring the Clippers 25-19 at the charity stripe. L.A. shot 70 percent from the line, and Griffin missed seven foul shots alone. TURNING POINT:  In the waning moments of the second quarter, Nets rookie  MarShon Brooks  drilled a 3-pointer to extend New Jersey's lead to 55-44 with under 15 seconds remaining in the half. After Griffin split a pair of free throws at the other end with 5.2 seconds left, Brooks got the ball back and juked  Caron Butler  up and down the court before stopping on a dime to stroke a long jumper to give the Nets a 57-45 lead heading into the break. TURNING POINT II:  Farmar's game-winning 3-pointer. Williams drew all the attention, but had the confidence to turn to his backcourt mate for the biggest shot of the game. QUOTABLE II:  "Not at all. It felt good. I would have been hurt if it went out."   -- Farmar, on having any doubt when the ball left his hands HOT:  New Jersey in the first half. The Nets shot 59.5 percent from the field, made seven of 12 attempts from 3-point range, and scored 57 points over the first two quarters. Brooks scored 14 points on nine shots and Morrow was 5-for-6 from the field with 12 points. NOT: DeAndre Jordan . Los Angeles' young center played just 18 minutes and could muster just 2 points on 1-for-2 shooting and 2 rebounds. GOOD MOVE:  After Griffin threw down a SportsCenter-worthy reverse jam in his face late in the third quarter, Humphries responded by breaking up a Paul-to-Griffin alley-oop attempt with a well-timed blocked shot. It got the crowd going, and on the ensuing Clippers possession, Humphries drew an offensive foul on Griffin. BAD MOVE:  With 2:53 to play, Humphries' hustled for an offensive rebound off his own miss and landed on Griffin's left leg. For a few scary seconds, Griffin lay writhing in pain in the corner near the Clippers' bench. He returned to the game and looked to be fine, but the play so frustrated the rest of the team that  Mo Williams  earned a technical foul for his reaction. QUOTABLE III:  "We didn't rotate. Deron Williams is a tough cover, so we wanted to get it out of his hands to someone else."   -- Clippers head coach  Vinny Del Negro , on defending the Nets' last possession INSIDE THE ARENA:  Former Rutgers running back  Ray Rice  and current New York Giants  Kareem McKenzie ,  Lawrence Tynes  and  Victor Cruz  were in attendance, to the delight of the Nets crowd, and part-owner  Jay-Z  nearly caught an errant Humphries pass from his courtside seat late in the first quarter. NOTABLE:  Foye, a Newark native, had a nice game in his return home, finishing with 24 points, including the 3-point play with 38.2 seconds left. Former Net  Kenyon Martin  also got a nice ovation from the crowd upon checking in during the first quarter. UP NEXT:  For the Nets, Friday @ Charlotte, Saturday vs. Rockets, Monday vs. Bucks. For the Clippers, Friday @ San Antonio, Sunday vs. Warriors, Monday vs. Celtics.  