  Blazers-Wizards notebook   By Rich Dubroff, for NBA.com Posted Friday December 3, 2010 10:54PM THE FACTS:  The Washington Wizards held the Portland Trail Blazers to 33 percent from the field in an 83-79 win on Friday night. It broke Washington's four-game losing streak, and extended the Blazers' skid to six -- their longest since the end of the 2005-06 season. Andray Blatche  had 19 points and nine rebounds,  Gilbert Arenas  had 15 points off the bench and  JaVale McGee  had 13 points, 10 rebounds and five blocked shots for the Wizards. Portland was led by  Brandon Roy 's 18 points. Washington swingman  Nick Young  was a late scratch with a bruised left thigh. Blazers'  Joel Przybilla  played his first game in nearly a year. In nearly 20 minutes, he had four points and seven rebounds. QUOTABLE:  "Evidently, they're not responding to me."   -- Portland coach  Nate McMillan THE STAT:  The Wizards held the Blazers to just 10 points in the third quarter as Portland missed 16 of 21 shots. The 10 points were a season low in a quarter for the Blazers and the fewest allowed by Washington. TURNING POINT:  Washington held Portland without a field goal for nearly seven minutes in the fourth quarter. That helped the Wizards take control of an extraordinarily sloppy game. QUOTABLE II:  "Since I have a rhythm, I'll come off the bench and just bring a spark or whatever's lacking, and it worked tonight."   -- Arenas on his urging the Wizards coaching staff to bring him off the bench HOT:  It's hard to pinpoint anyone on a night when the teams combined to miss 104 shots, but Blatche was 7-for-13 from the field and 5-for-6 from the line. NOT:  The Portland Trial Blazers. Where to start?  Andre Miller  was 2-for-12 from the field.  LaMarcus Aldridge  6-for-17.  Wesley Matthews  2-for-9. When three starters combine for 10-for-38, it's hard to win. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Blatche has scored 26, 17 and 19 points in the his last three games. Arenas bounced back from a 1-for-10 night in Toronto on Wednesday to score 16. GOOD MOVE:  Arenas coming off the bench. On a night that  John Wall ,  Kirk Hinrich  and Arenas combined to shoot 13-for-39, Arenas' energy was sorely needed. BAD MOVE:  Miller continuing to shoot in the fourth quarter. He was 1-for-9 in the third quarter and missed all five of his field goals in the fourth. ROOKIE WATCH:  Wall had perhaps his poorest game as a pro. He had 10 points on 3-for-13 from the field, just two assists and four turnovers. Portland rookie  Luke Babbitt , who's played just 30 minutes in eight games, was inactive. Its other novice,  Armon Johnson  did not play for the second straight game after appearing in the Blazers' first 16 games. IN THE ARENA:   Ben Olsen , who at 33, was named the youngest coach in Major League Soccer by D.C. United this week, was shown on the scoreboard during the second quarter. NOTABLE:  Portland's  Marcus Camby  played just 11 minutes and was held scoreless for the second straight game. The last time he didn't score in two consecutive games was March 25-27, 2009. UP NEXT:  Trail Blazers: Sunday vs. Clippers, Tuesday vs. Suns, Thursday vs. Magic, Wizards: Sunday@ Suns, Tuesday @ Lakers, Wednesday @ Kings  