  Notebook: Jazz 117, Magic 107 Posted Sunday April 22, 2012 2:22AM By Andrew Aragon, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  No matter the opponent or arena, the Utah Jazz usually find a way to make things interesting. Against an Orlando Magic team playing without superstar  Dwight Howard , the Jazz did so again in a 117-107 overtime win on Saturday night. It was Utah's seventh overtime game of the season and fifth in the last six weeks. The Jazz trailed by as many as 14 points in the first half and 12 in the third quarter before rallying for the win.  Al Jefferson  and  Devin Harris  each had 21 points for Utah, which leads Phoenix by a full game in the race for the Western Conference's final playoff berth. Jameer Nelson  had 23 points for Orlando. QUOTABLE:  "Nothing is easy. This bunch of guys ... I can't say enough about how they really gutted it out again tonight, and laid everything they had on the line. Even when we got down, nobody was discouraged. They continued to encourage each other and push their way through it and that's what we're going to need."   -- Jazz coach  Tyrone Corbin  on his team pulling out another overtime win. THE STAT:  Orlando's lack of depth probably prevented it from winning. Utah's bench outscored the Magic's reserves 39-10. Only  Quentin Richardson  gave Orlando any kind of help off the bench.  Derrick Favors , meanwhile, had 16 points and 11 rebounds in a reserve role for Utah. TURNING POINT:  Harris provided the game's biggest momentum-changing play when he blocked Nelson's shot in the final seconds of the fourth quarter to keep the game tied and send it into overtime. From there, the Jazz played their best ball of the night. A 3-pointer by  Gordon Hayward  made it 110-105 with 1:38 left in overtime, and a 3-pointer by Harris sealed it, putting Utah ahead by 10 with 37.9 seconds remaining. HOT:   Jason Richardson  got Orlando off to a blazing start. He made all of his six shot attempts in the first quarter, three of which were 3-pointers, and scored 15 of his 21 points. The Magic shot 65.2 percent and scored 36 points in the first quarter. Favors and rookie  Enes Kanter  helped exploit Orlando's lack of depth in its frontcourt. Favors shot 8-for-11 and Kanter was 4-for-5. Hayward shot 5-for-7. Utah shot 62.5 percent in the fourth quarter. NOT:  The Magic shot 25 percent in overtime. Orlando's bench shot 4-for-15. Hayward, who has arguably been Utah's best player in the last month, committed six turnovers. GOOD MOVE:  It took until midway through the fourth quarter, but Corbin finally found his most effective lineup, playing  Paul Millsap  at small forward and Favors at power forward to team with Jefferson at center to form an imposing frontcourt. Utah's Big Three helped the Jazz have a 62-36 edge in points in the paint. Millsap was the only player of the three to not record a double-double, only missing it by one rebound. He had 18 points and nine boards to go along with four steals. BAD MOVE:  Orlando's 3-point shooting would heat up like magic. And poof! It would disappear just like magic. Orlando, after building an 81-69 lead in the third quarter with outstanding 3-point shooting, then relied on the long bomb a little too much. They shot 3-for-11 from 3-point range in the fourth quarter and overtime. QUOTABLE II:  "Our lack of depth was an absolute huge factor in the game. Those guys ran out of gas at the end."   -- Magic coach  Stan Van Gundy  on his team missing Howard,  Hedo Turkoglu  and  Earl Clark . INSIDE THE ARENA:  Former Utah coach  Jerry Sloan  watched a game inside EnergySolutions Arena for the first time since resigning in February of 2011. Strangely, his presence was never acknowledged by the Jazz, as he wasn't shown on the JumbroTron. He sat five rows up from ESPN's announcing crew. QUOTABLE III:  "A three can't guard Paul [Millsap] on the post, and he did what he had to do. Al [Jefferson] was finishing around the rim and I came in with defensive energy. We just played good."   -- Derrick Favors on the play of Utah's Big Three frontcourt. NOTABLE:   Jamaal Tinsley  recorded the 3,000th assist of his career when he dished to Kanter in the second quarter on a made basket. The Jazz are 4-3 in overtime games. The Magic fell to 3-6 in games without Howard.  Glen Davis  had 17 point and 13 rebounds for Orlando. UP NEXT:  For the Magic, Sunday @ Denver, Wednesday vs. Charlotte, Thursday @ Memphis. For the Jazz, Tuesday vs. Phoenix, Thursday vs. Portland.  