  Notebook: Pacers 108, Bobcats 73 Posted Sunday February 19, 2012 9:50PM By Conrad Brunner, for NBA.com  THE FACTS:  Two minutes into the game, with the score 5-2, Indiana head coach  Frank Vogel  called a timeout. He had seen an unacceptable defensive breakdown and pointed it out to his team in no uncertain terms. Seven minutes later, the game was effectively over after the Pacers scored the next 16 points, built a 21-2 lead and coasted to a 108-73 rout of the visiting Charlotte Bobcats Sunday at Bankers Life Fieldhouse.  Indiana led by 20 (53-33), doubled that by the end of the third quarter (88-48) and led by as many as 44 points in posting its widest margin of victory ever against Charlotte and its most lopsided overall since 2003 (a 51-point thrashing of the Bulls).  Roy Hibbert  had his 13th double-double with 18 points and 14 rebounds, making 7-of-8 shots in 26 minutes, to lead Indiana (19-12). Charlotte (4-27) was led by  Derrick Brown , who scored 16 off the bench. QUOTABLE:  "We had a defensive breakdown and I wanted to send a message. They know what we can be on the defensive end and how it can take us to great things."   --  Vogel on his early timeout. THE STAT:  Charlotte's starting lineup combined for 25 points, 10-of-38 shooting (.263) and 11 turnovers. TURNING POINT:  Vogel's early timeout served to sharpen his team's focus. The Pacers had been plagued by slow starts, particularly on defense -- they had been outscored 94-57 in the first quarters of their previous three games -- and he didn't want it to happen again. QUOTABLE II:  "We came out ready to play and stuck with our game plan the whole game, for 48 minutes. We knew that they were capable, so when we jumped on them we wanted to stay on them. We didn't want to embarrass anybody but we wanted to capitalize on the good practices and hard work on both sides of the ball for tonight and the next day."   --  Indiana forward  David West . HOT:  Hibbert missed just one shot, while West was 7 of 10 and had 14 points and eight rebounds in less than 23 minutes. ...  Tyler Hansbrough  had 13 off the Indiana bench. NOT: Danny Granger  missed all six of his 3-point attempts. ... Charlotte's frontcourt of  Bismack Biyombo  and  Boris Diaw  combined to go scoreless with 10 rebounds. QUOTABLE III:  "I think the beginning of the game set the whole tone for what happened, especially missing so many shots and things just got too out of hand to come out and be more competitive. We just didn't come out aggressive enough against a team like this and it seemed like we just dug ourselves deeper into holes." --  Diaw. GOOD MOVE:  Vogel's early timeout, which came after a layup by  Reggie Williams  with 9:58 left in the first quarter, clearly captured the attention of the Pacers players, who simply dominated the rest of the game defensively. BAD MOVE:  Biyombo was coming off perhaps the best game of his young career with eight points, 13 rebounds and seven blocks in a victory over Toronto but he simply could not contend with Hibbert, missing his two shots and all four free throws and looking thoroughly outclassed. NOTABLE:  The Pacers have held their last two opponents to a total of 161 points and improved to 10-1 in games in which they have held their opponent to less than 90. ... Charlotte's 73 points are the fewest allowed by Indiana this season. ... The Pacers had 22 assists and are 10-1 when they have at least 20. ... Indiana's bench rang up 44 points tonight, matching its highest output of the season. ...  George Hill  missed his 11th consecutive game with a chip fracture in his left ankle but Vogel said before the game he was progressing and could play as soon as Tuesday against New Orleans or Wednesday in Charlotte. ... The Bobcats were without leading scorer  Gerald Henderson  (hamstring) for the eighth game in a row. UP NEXT:  For the Pacers, Tuesday vs. New Orleans, Wednesday @ Charlotte, Feb. 28 vs. Golden State. For the Bobcats, Wednesday vs. Indiana, Feb. 29 @ Detroit, March 2 @ San Antonio.  