  Hawks-Nets notebook   By Adam Figman, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday December 27, 2011 10:53PM THE FACTS:  At their last ever home opener in New Jersey, the Nets fell 106-70 to the Atlanta Hawks, who dominated from tipoff to the final buzzer. While the Nets appeared fatigued and unprepared in the second night of a back-to-back, the Hawks were fresh, kicking off their 2011-12 season with a victory. The Nets moved to 1-1 with the loss. QUOTABLE:   "Hopefully we'll get a little bit better in game shape, because some of our guys are not in great shape right now. The only way we're going to get in shape is to play games."   -- Nets coach  Avery Johnson THE STAT:  The Nets shot 22-for-71 from the field and 5-for-21 from beyond the three-point arc. That's not going to cut it anywhere, let alone against a well-rested Hawks group. TURNING POINT:  Hawks small forward  Marvin Williams  hit a three-pointer 22 seconds into the first quarter, giving his squad a lead it never once abandoned. QUOTABLE II:  "It was just one of those games where nothing seems to go right. We definitely have a lot of work to do, [but] we don't have a lot of time to do it. ... We're learning on the fly."   -- Nets guard  Deron Williams HOT:  The Hawks' bench: Reserves  Vladimir Radmanovic  (17 points),  Zaza Pachulia  (13) and  Tracy McGrady  (12) combined for 42 points, allowing Atlanta's starters to all play under 27 minutes. NOT:  Nets center  Mehmet Okur . The Turkish big man kicked off his season Monday with an 0-for-3 shooting night, then responded Tuesday with a 1-for-6 performance against the Hawks. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Nets Minority owner Jay-Z and rapper  Jim Jones  were both on hand to take in the action at Newark, N.J.'s Prudential Center. A sellout crowd of 18,711 filled the arena. GOOD MOVE:  Hawks coach  Larry Drew  played McGrady 21 minutes, and the veteran swingman responded by delivering an efficient 12 points off 5-for-12 shooting from the floor. NOTABLE:  The Nets scored 30 points in the first half, one point lower than their 2010-11 season first-half low of 31. With the loss, they are now 17-18 all-time in home openers. UP NEXT:  For the Nets, Thursday @ Orlando, Friday @ Atlanta, Sunday @ Cleveland. For the Hawks, Wednesday vs. Washington, Friday vs. New Jersey, Saturday @ Houston.  