  Notebook: Celtics 79, Hawks 76 Posted Monday March 19, 2012 11:53PM By Matt Winkeljohn, for NBA.com THE FACTS: Ray Allen  and the Celtics rose from what seemed like three quarters of mud to score 29 points in the fourth quarter Monday after scoring just 31in the first half, and then held on for a 79-76 win in an Atlanta slogfest. Atlanta led just 33-31 at halftime and 51-50 after three quarters as the game to that point was played largely at a pace preferred by Boston. The Celtics had already begun their "explosion," however, by scoring the final five points of the third, including a buzzer-beating 3-pointer by Allen. He scored eight of his team-high 19 points in the fourth quarter, and in the sixth game of an eight-game trip that saw Boston go 2-3 out West before Monday, the Celtics scored the first five points of the final period. When Allen and  Mickael Pietrus  hit treys on consecutive possessions to cap a 24-7 run, Boston led 73-58 with 4:28 left. The Celtics then began trying to milk the clock even longer than usual and it nearly backfired. The Hawks closed to within 77-76 on  Joe Johnson's  trey with 11.8 seconds to go, but Allen closed the scoring with two free throws less than a second later. With Johnson (25 points, including four 3-pointers in the fourth quarter) open on the left side, Atlanta's  Jeff Teague  air-balled a 3-pointer from the right with 4.9 left to effectively end it. The loss snapped a two-game winning streak for Atlanta and ended a two-game losing streak for the Celtics. The result wasted another solid evening Hawks center  Zaza Pachulia . He had 16 points to tie his season high and grabbed 13 rebounds, took a couple stitches on top of his head, and was thrown to the court earlier in the game when  Brandon Bass  was called for a flagrant foul. But Hawks forward  Josh Smith , whom Atlanta has come to depend heavily in the wake of injuries to others, had his second sub-par game in as many nights. He scored 10 points on 5-for-20 shooting. Kevin Garnett  scored 16 points with eight rebounds for Boston, which got 13 points from  Paul Pierce  and 10 points and 13 assists from  Rajon Rondo . QUOTABLE:  "I thought this game was a grind. Calls weren't going our way . . . but we just stuck with it. You have to be mentally tough in these kinds of games, especially when you've been on the road this long."  --  Pierce, who played just 27:17 while batting foul trouble nearly all night. He had four turnovers in that time, and made just 4-of-14 shots. THE STAT:  Boston held Atlanta to eight fast-break points. That was a big win for the Celtics, and a big part of their game plan (see below). TURNING POINT:  Prior to Allen's buzzer beater at the end of the third quarter, Boston had made 2-of-10 treys. They closed the game shooting 4-for-6 including that one. The Hawks defended the play well for a few seconds, and the Celtics appeared to be in disarray until Allen wiggled free opposite the Atlanta bench, caught a very short inbounds pass from Rondo, turned and fired. He added two more treys in the fourth. QUOTABLE II:  "They hit a few 3-pointers in a row, but we didn't give up even though they were up (15). We still fought, played good defense and tried to put ourselves in a situation to get it to overtime."  --  Pachulia . HOT:  Johnson missed his first four shots, but made 9-of-13 after that for 25 points. He made 4-of-5 from distance. Since returning from knee tendinits, he's made 63-of-118 shots (53.4 percent), including 24-of-43 3-pointers (55.8 percent) while averaging 25.6 points in seven games. . . . Pachulia had his sixth straight game with 10 or more rebounds (11.2 average). NOT:  Through three quarters Boston made just 19-of-54 shots (35.2 percent) and Atlanta made 20-of-56 (35.7 percent). . . . With starting center  Al Horford  (torn pectoral muscle) still out, Pachulia played 38:48 and added three steals. Unfortunately for the Hawks, when Pachulia went to the locker room to get stitches with 6:16 left in the third quarter (and Atlanta leading 47-39, head coach  Larry Drew  spelled him with  Jason Collins . He returned to action Sunday in Cleveland after missing three weeks with a sprained left elbow, and is rusty. Had Drew gone with forward  Ivan Johnson , or even Smith, Atlanta would have been a bit undersized but that might not have been such an issue because the Celtics are not often inclined to post-up and that's the type of defense which Collins is best suited to play. He was late on a few rotations that resulted in Boston scores, missed his only shot, missed all four of his free throws, and had two turnovers in 9:50 total playing time. Collins finished the third quarter; Boston pulled to within 51-50 in that time. GOOD MOVE:  After Johnson made a 3-pointer and a long jumper to pull Atlanta to withing 68-58 in the fourth quarter, Boston head coach  Doc Rivers  subbed Pietrus in for Pierce (who'd picked up his fifth foul one minute earlier) and Pietrus harrassed Johnson for a while to help disrupt the Hawks' offense as the Celtics went on a 13-0 run capped by the trey-trey-trey sequence mentioned above. . . . At times, many times, Boston all but abandoned the idea of going for an offensive rebound and instead retreated. The goal? Slow the Hawks' fast break. It worked. Boston had just six offensive rebounds on 45 missed shots, but the Celtics outscored Atlanta 10-8 in fastbreak points. ROOKIE WATCH:  Boston center/forward  Greg Stiemsma  continues to battle through a sore foot, but admirably. He clearly understands the game, and while he's not abundantly athletic, his sense of place is solid. He had four points, four blocked shots, three rebounds and a steal in 19 minutes. NOTABLE:  Each team had 17 total turnovers, but Boston did more with Atlanta's mistakes. The Celtics scored 22 points off those miscues while the Hawks scored 17. . . . Celtics center  Jermaine O'Neal , who hasn't played since aggravating a wrist injury Feb. 20 against Dallas, will undergo season-ending surgery. It might be a career for the big guy. With fellow center  Chris Wilcox  slated to have season-ending surgery on his aorta, the Celtics are looking to sign a big man. . . . Hawks reserve guard  Jannero Pargo  is expected to miss two to four weeks after undergoing an appendectomy Sunday night in Cleveland. . . . Atlanta reserve guard  Willie Green  dressed, but did not play. He has missed 11 straight games with back and hamstring issues. . . . Hawks small forwards  Marvin Williams  (hip flexor) and  Vladimir Radmanovic  (back) did not play. . . . Every Atlanta started played at least 35:54 (Johnson). The leading minute men off the Hawks' bench were  Jerry Stackhouse  (four points in 15:39) and  Tracy McGrady  (four points in 14:25). The ages of Stackhouse, McGrady and Collins: 37, 32 and 31. UP NEXT:  For the Celtics, Thursday @ Bucks, Friday @ 76ers, Sunday vs. Wizards. For the Hawks, Wednesday vs. Cavs, Friday vs. Nets, Saturday @ Wizards.  