Notebook: Raptors 108, 76ers 98 
 
 
  Andy Jasner, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Nov 20, 2013 10:35 PM - Updated Wed Nov 20, 2013 10:35 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Raptors won for only the second time in the last six meetings against the 76ers at the Wells Fargo Center. 
 
 THE LEAD:   DeMar DeRozan  scored 33 points while  Rudy Gay  had 18 points, eight assists and eight rebounds as the Toronto Raptors defeated the Philadelphia 76ers, 108-98, Wednesday night at the Wells Fargo Center.  Terrence Ross  scored 17 points off the bench and  Kyle Lowry  added 13 points and 10 assists. The Raptors improved to 5-7 and actually moved into first place in the Atlantic Division, a half-game ahead of the Sixers. 
 
 Spencer Hawes  was terrific for the Sixers with 28 points and 10 rebounds,  Evan Turner  added 13 points and 10 rebounds and  James Anderson  had 13 points.  Michael Carter-Williams  also had 10 points, six rebounds and six assists after missing the past four games with a left foot arch bruise. The Sixers have dropped four games in a row and fell to 5-8. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "Everyone touched the ball. Everyone got looks. It was a great all-around game for everyone." 
 -- Kyle Lowry 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Sixers have allowed 13 or more 3-pointers in five of the last seven games. Toronto was 14-for-29 from beyond the arc. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Raptors led 93-77 after the third quarter and never let up. They kept the defensive pressure on and never allowed the Sixers to get back in the game. Toronto's defense was exceptional in the final 12 minutes. 
 
 HOT:  Hawes knocked down his first nine shots and finished 10-for-13. DeRozan hit 10 of his 19 shots. 
 
 NOT:  Tony Wroten  missed eight of his 11 shots, including all three of his 3-pointers. Carter-Williams was 2-for-10. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Gay had two points at halftime and the Raptors made a conscious effort to get him involved in the third quarter. It paid off as Gay poured in 15 points in that quarter alone. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  The Sixers continue to settle for too many 3-pointers. They're not a particularly good shooting team and they wound up 7-for-20 from beyond the arc. The Sixers were effective going inside and got away from it in the third quarter. 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  The crowd never quite reached a fever pitch with the Raptors leading for much of the game. A number of local athletes attended the game --  Jason Kelce ,  Colt Anderson  and  Kurt Coleman  of the Philadelphia Eagles and  Jake Voracek  and  Matt Read  of the Flyers. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We're not a finished product yet. We still have a lot of work to do." 
 -- Raptors coach  Dwane Casey 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  Sixers forward  Thaddeus Young  wasn't with the team for personal reasons. There is no immediate timetable for his return. ... The Sixers waived guard  Darius Morris  and center  Kwame Brown  and signed free agent guards  Elliot Williams  and  Lorenzo Brown . ... Raptors forward  Quincy Acy  sat out with a sore ankle. ... Hawes was two points shy of tying his career high. He had 30 points for the Sacramento Kings on Jan. 1, 2010 against the Los Angeles Lakers. ... DeRozan has 99 points over his last three games. ... The Raptors had a season-high nine blocked shots. ... The Sixers have given up 100 or points in 11 of the 13 games this season. ... Sixers coach  Brett Brown  was whistled for a technical foul with 1:44 remaining. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "I was a little anxious at first." 
 -- Michael Carter-Williams on returning to the lineup after missing the past four games 
 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Raptors, Friday vs. Washington, Tuesday vs. Brooklyn, Nov. 29 vs. Miami. For the Sixers, Friday vs. Milwaukee, Saturday at Indiana, Wednesday at Orlando. 
