Notebook: Thunder 119, Pistons 110 
 
 
 By Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Nov 08, 2013 11:57 PM - Updated Fri Nov 08, 2013 11:57 PM 
 
 THE FACT : Detroit's last victory over Oklahoma City was a 90-88 thriller on Dec. 26, 2008, when now-retired guard  Allen Iverson  scored a team-high 22 points.  
 
 THE LEAD : Forward  Kevin Durant , the NBA's leading scorer, fired in 37 points and added eight rebounds and seven assists as the Oklahoma City Thunder topped the Detroit Pistons for the ninth consecutive time, 119-110, on Friday night at The Palace. Guard  Russell Westbrook  chipped in 20 points despite 5-of-19 shooting and rookie center  Steven Adams  supplied 17 points, 10 rebounds and three blocks for the Thunder. 
 Forward  Josh Smith  scored a season-high 25 points with eight rebounds for the Pistons before fouling out with 3:28 left. Point guard  Brandon Jennings  contributed 22 points and 11 assists and power forward  Greg Monroe  had 20 points and 15 rebounds. 
 
 QUOTABLE : "He looked good in practices and he's doing the same things. He's learning every single game. He's starting to get consistent with his play. He's 20 years old, so we've got to be patient with him but he's playing well." -- Durant on Adams' big night 
 
 THE STAT : 0. The Pistons, who led the NBA with an average of 53 points in the paint, did not score in the lane during the fourth quarter. Coach  Mo Cheeks  used some smaller lineups in his effort to find the right combination, but that turned his squad into a jump shooting team. 
 
 TURNING POINT : Smith had 10 third-quarter points but retreated to the bench with 6:21 left in the quarter after picking up his fourth foul. Durant took advantage, scoring 10 points the rest of the quarter, including a go-ahead 3-pointer. He fed guard  Jeremy Lamb  for a 3-pointer just before the third-quarter buzzer, allowing the Thunder to carry an eight-point lead into the fourth.  
 
 QUOTABLE II : "We're just trying to move the ball on the offensive end, run our stuff sharp and just let the ball decide who's going to get the shot. That's working for us. Defensively, we've been locking in and making them shoot over a hand. We're encouraged with the start." -- Forward  Nick Collison  on the play of the OKC bench 
 
 HOT : Durant is now averaging 29.6 points after going 9-for-15 from the field and 17-for-19 from the foul line. He scored 21 of his points after halftime while shaking off the defensive efforts of Smith,  Kyle Singler  and  Rodney Stuckey .  
 
 NOT : Detroit's second-year center  Andre Drummond  was in foul trouble most of the way and had just four points and three rebounds in 23 minutes. That was a big reason why the Pistons were outscored 24-14 on second-chance points.  
 
 ROOKIE WATCH : Adams, the No. 12 pick in the Draft, followed up a six-point, nine-rebound outing against Dallas with an even bigger performance on Friday. He played 31 minutes, 14 more than starting center  Kendrick Perkins .  
 
 NOTABLE : Monroe's 10 offensive rebounds were a career high. He also has an Eastern Conference-best 71 double-doubles since 2011-12 ... The Pistons now embark on a four-game West Coast trip, while OKC plays three of its next four on the road ... Westbrook did not have an assist and also made four turnovers ... OKC's bench supplied 42 points ... Pistons F  Charlie Villanueva , who hasn't played this season, was inactive because of a sore left shoulder ... Thunder coach  Scott Brooks  is thrilled that his assistant the past four seasons, Mo Cheeks, is now Detroit's head coach. "I'm excited for his opportunity here," he said. "I've learned a lot from him. I love how he thinks the game. He has a very strong systematic approach about getting better every month. That's kind of what I believe in. Their team will always be better month by month, year by year."  
 
 UP NEXT : For the Thunder, Sunday vs. Washington, Wednesday @ L.A. Clippers, Thursday @ Golden State. For the Pistons, Monday @ Portland, Tuesday @ Golden State, Friday @ Sacramento. 
