Notebook: Hawks 105, Nets 93 
 
 
 Jake Appleman, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Mon Mar 18, 2013 12:25 AM - Updated Mon Mar 18, 2013 12:27 AM 
 
 THE FACTS: Josh Smith  (21 points, seven rebounds, five assists) and  Al Horford  (22 points, 11 rebounds) punished the Nets with versatile play, leading the Hawks to a 105-93 victory at Barclays Center.  Reggie Evans  scored a season-high 14 points and grabbed 22 rebounds in defeat, but no other Nets starter played particularly well. By winning, the Hawks split the season series and moved within one game of the Nets for the fourth seed in the Eastern Conference playoff race. The Nets begin a streak of eight consecutive road games on Monday in Detroit.    
 
 QUOTABLE:  "When you start to look at the standings and the tiebreakers, it all comes into play at the end of the season. It was a big win for us as far as that goes. We are all fighting for position."  
 
 -- Hawks forward  Kyle Korver 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Hawks hit 14 of their first 18 shots in the fourth quarter. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Hawks' fourth quarter hot streak began with an alley-oop from  John Jenkins  to  Dahntay Jones . On the ensuing Nets possession,  Jeff Teague  intercepted a poor pass from  Keith Bogans . Teague converted the fast-break layup, and the Nets never led again. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We didn't defend. I don't think we defended for most of the game. We let our leads slip away in the first quarter and the third. We didn't defend Al or Josh very well in the second half."  
 
 -- Nets Interim coach  P.J. Carlesimo 
 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  Actor  Ethan Hawke  and actress  Mariska Hargitay  attended the game. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Jenkins (seven points, five rebounds) connected on a pair of big shots for the Hawks. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Evans scored six of the Nets' first eight points en route to his big night. ... The Hawks monopolized the easy conversions, finishing plus-18 on points in the paint and plus-16 on fast-break points. ... Teague had seven assists in the fourth quarter. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Hawks, Monday vs. Dallas, Wednesday vs. Milwaukee, Friday vs. Portland.  For the Nets, Monday @ Detroit, Wednesday @ Dallas, Saturday @ L.A. Clippers. 
