Notebook: Spurs 109, 76ers 85 
 
 
 Andy jasner for NBA.com 
 
Posted Mon Nov 11, 2013 10:28 PM - Updated Mon Nov 11, 2013 10:28 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Spurs defeated the 76ers for the fifth straight time. This one came easy as the Spurs led by as many as 29 points and cruised to the victory. 
 
 THE LEAD:   Danny Green  led six San Antonio Spurs in double figures with 18 points in their easy 109-85 victory over the Philadelphia 76ers Monday night at the Wells Fargo Center.  Tony Parker  scored 14 points,  Kawhi Leonard  added 13 and  Marco Belinelli  had 12.  Tiago Splitter  contributed 11 and  Patty Mills  had 10 off the bench. It was the fifth consecutive win for the Spurs (7-1). 
 
 Evan Turner  paced the Sixers (4-4) with 20 points while  Spencer Hawes  contributed 17 points and 13 rebounds.  Tony Wroten  had 13 points. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I was really pleased with the effort. It was our fifth game in seven nights. I was really impressed with their focus." 
 -- Spurs coach  Gregg Popovich 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Spurs knocked down 13 3-pointers, marking the fifth time this season that the Sixers have allowed 13 or more in a single game. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Spurs raced out to a 31-13 advantage after the first quarter and never looked back. They kept the pressure on and never let the Sixers back in the game. It was over after the first 12 minutes. 
 
 HOT:  Parker was 7-for-12 while Green was 6-for-9, including 5-for-7 from beyond the arc. 
 
 NOT:  Michael Carter-Williams  struggled on this night, going 2-for-11 and 0-for-2 from 3-point territory. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Resting  Tim Duncan  was the right decision, especially in a back-to-back scenario. The Spurs are looking long-term and that means a return trip to the Finals. They'll need their veteran big man likely through June. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  The Sixers didn't attack the middle nearly enough. They settled for jumpers instead of going to the basket more often. 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  The crowd was revved up for a visit from the Spurs, but was taken out of the game early. San Antonio played near-perfect basketball at times and quieted the crowd from the start. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I think everybody got it going but we always feed off Tony [Parker]. " 
 -- Danny Green, on building an early lead 
 
 NOTABLE:  Spurs forward  Matt Bonner  (left calf) sat out ... The Sixers scored a season-low 85 points. ... The Spurs are 3-0 this season when holding the opponent below 90 points. ... Turner has scored at least 18 points in all eight games this season. ... Hawes has five double-doubles and two in a row. ... Carter-Williams scored a season-low eight points but managed three steals and three blocked shots. The last Sixers rookie to register at least three steals and three blocked shots in a single game was  Andre Iguodala  against Orlando on Nov. 14, 2004. ... San Antonio outrebounded the Sixers 50-40. ... The Sixers had 19 assists and 15 turnovers. ... Sixers reserve center  Daniel Orton  (right knee soreness) was active but didn't play. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "I think the biggest thing we took away from tonight seeing it firsthand is their unselfishness on both ends of the floor. They were selling out for each other on defense. They get excited when they make the extra pass and it leads to a guy getting a wide-open look." 
 -- Spencer Hawes, on lessons learned from playing the Spurs 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Spurs, Wednesday vs. Washington, Friday @ Utah, Nov. 20 vs. Boston. For the Sixers, Wednesday vs. Houston, Friday @ Atlanta, Saturday @ New Orleans. 
