  Notebook: Nets 100, Knicks 92 Posted Monday February 20, 2012 11:34PM By Joshua Newman, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Given the fact  Jeremy Lin  first came to prominence at the expense of  Deron Williams  back on Feb. 4, it makes sense that it was Williams calming Linsanity down on Monday evening. The Nets point guard went off for 18 of his game-high 38 points in the third quarter to lead the Nets to a 100-92 victory over the Knicks at Madison Square Garden. Williams led four Nets in double-figures as  MarShon Brooks  had 18,  Kris Humphries  14 and  DeShawn Stevenson  11. The Knicks, who welcomed  Carmelo Anthony  back to the lineup after he missed the last seven games with a pulled groin, have now lost two out of three after Lin led them to seven straight victories from Feb. 4 to Feb. 15. In his first game back, Anthony seemed to press at times in finishing with just 11 points on 4-for-11 shooting from the field. QUOTABLE:   "Deron Williams is really good. You have to give him credit because he is one of the best players in the league."   -- Knicks head coach  Mike D'Antoni . THE STAT:  Thanks to a combination of Lin,  Amar'e Stoudemire  and Anthony, the Knicks raced out to a 13-3 lead less than five minutes into the game. The Nets were able to get back in the game thanks to some hot 3-point shooting. In the first quarter alone, they shot 4-for-6 from beyond the arc. The hot shooting started there and never stopped as the Nets went 9-for-16 from deep in the first half and 15-for-31 for the game. TURNING POINT:  Now that we are 10 games into Linsanity, teams are beginning to get more accurate and detailed scouting reports on Lin. He likes to try and get into the lane to make a play and the Nets did a good job of closing off the paint to Lin and anyone else who dared enter. After a first quarter that saw the Knicks shoot 11-for-23, the Nets clamped down, holding their opponent to 7-for-23 in the second quarter. Throughout the first half, the Knicks were settling for jumpers while abandoning the drive and it changed the complexion of the game the rest of the way. QUOTABLE II:  "We have to get some things sorted out and we know that. We have to figure out what type of team we are the identity we have to have."   -- D'Antoni on the fact the Knicks incorporated new pieces tonight with Anthony and  Baron Davis  both coming off injury. Davis made his season-debut on Monday. HOT:  Whether or not Williams felt there was a point to be made given the perception that he unintentionally started Linsanity 16 days ago, Williams made definitely made a point. At one juncture of the third quarter with the Nets leading 69-59, Williams hit a 3-pointer with  J.R. Smith's  hand in his face and followed that by pulling up for another 3-pointer in transition the next time down. The transition trey extended the Nets' lead to 75-59 with 2:48 to go in the third. NOT:  With  Bill Walker  (elbow) and  Iman Shumpert  (patella tendinitis) both unavailable on Monday, the Knicks bench depth and production both took a dip.  Steve Novak ,  Baron Davis ,  Jared Jeffries  and Smith combined to score just 19 points on 7-for-24 shooting from the field. Novak alone was 3-for-10 and 2-for-8 beyond the arc. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Knicks legend  Earl 'The Pearl' Monroe , actor/comedian  Robert Klein  and New York Giants outside linebacker  Michael Boley  all watched the game courtside. ROOKIE WATCH:  Since returning from a broken right little toe on Feb. 10, Brooks has been streaky, yet effective. That trend continued against the Knicks on Monday evening when the former Providence College star scored 18 points and shot 7-for-15 from the floor. The 18 points was his fifth straight game in double-figures. NOTABLE:  Former Knicks center, head coach and current assistant head coach  Herb Williams  was awarded the 4th Annual  Dick McGuire  Legacy Award during a second quarter timeout. Named after the Knicks all-time great, the award is given by the team for those who it says epitomizes what it means to be a Knickerbocker: Pride, Tradition and Class. UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Wednesday vs. Hawks, Thursday @ Heat, Feb. 29 vs. Cavaliers. For the Nets, Wednesday vs. Magic, Feb. 28 @ Mavericks, March 2 @ Celtics.  