Notebook: Celtics 103, Cavs 100 
 
 
 Brian Robb, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Dec 28, 2013 5:12 PM - Updated Sat Dec 28, 2013 5:12 PM 
 
 THE FACT: Kyrie Irving  became the first player to score 30 points against the Celtics this season during Saturday's contest.  
 
 THE LEAD:  Irving had a game-high 32 points, but it wasn't enough for the Cleveland Cavaliers, who suspended star center  Andrew Bynum  early in a day in which they also they fell to the Boston Celtics 103-100 at the TD Garden.  
 
 Jeff Green  and  Jordan Crawford  had 19 points each for Boston (13-17), as the Celtics led by as many as 22 points in the second half before a fourth quarter charge by the visitors fell short.   Avery Bradley  added 18 points and a team-high eight rebounds, as the hosts snapped a three-game losing streak. Cleveland (10-19) has now lost four straight games.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  Cleveland had a chance to tie the game in the final 12 seconds of the contest, but  Brandon Bass  made a clutch block on  Dion Waiters ' layup attempt, thwarting the Cavs' best chance at completing the comeback.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "Brandon [Bass] is special. He is a special type of player ... he can guard one through five and he takes defense seriously. So, with somebody like Brandon it increases the level of intensity on defense." 
 -- Boston's   Jared Sullinger  
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Celtics won the contest despite shooting a mere 26.3 percent (5-for-19) in the fourth quarter and turning the ball over eight times in the frame.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We give Boston credit for winning the game. They did a heck of a job from the beginning of the game; and the thing that I express to our guys is we can't be as inconsistent as we are throughout the course of games." 
 -- Cavs coach  Mike Brown  
 
 
 HOT:   Green -- After averaging a mere 10.6 points per game during his last five contests, Green came out red hot in the first quarter Saturday, scoring 12 of his team-high points in the period, on 4-for-6 shooting.   
 
 NOT: C.J. Miles  -- The veteran guard couldn't find a rhythm offensively against stingy defense by Bradley early in the contest. He missed all five of his shot attempts and finished the game scoreless, before Brown pulled him early in the second half and kept him on the bench the rest of the way.  
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Bass -- Known for his shooting more than his passing ability, Bass continues to contribute to the Celtics in all aspects of the offense this year. Against the Cavs, Bass posted 15 points, along with six rebounds. He also tied a career-high with four assists.   
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "It's just a terrible situation internally with our team. It's just something we have to get over." 
 -- Kyrie Irving on Andrew Bynum's suspension 
 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Anthony Bennett  -- The top pick in the 2013 NBA Draft had one of the better outings of his young career against the Celtics. The rookie forward scored five points, and added five rebounds, two assists, a block, and a steal in 19 minutes, just one short of his career high.   
 
 NOTABLE:  Bynum was suspended indefinitely by the team prior to the contest due to conduct detrimental to the team. Brown spoke to the media before today's contest on the suspension, but would not elaborate on the reason why Bynum had been suspended, just emphasizing he would be out "indefinitely."... The Celtics have beaten the Cavaliers in their two head-to-head matchups at the TD Garden this season. ... Anderson Varejao  started in place of Bynum. He finished with six points and eight rebounds in 29 minutes. ...  Gerald Wallace  did not play in the second half due to a "shot to the nose" he took in the second quarter, according to Boston coach  Brad Stevens . ... Irving scored 12 of his 32 points in the fourth quarter.    
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Celtics, Tuesday vs. Atlanta, Thursday @ Chicago, Friday vs. New Orleans. For the Cavaliers, Sunday vs. Golden State, Tuesday @ Indiana, Thursday vs. Orlando.  
