Notebook: Bobcats 95, Kings 87 
 
 
 Derek Smith, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Dec 17, 2013 11:16 PM - Updated Tue Dec 17, 2013 11:44 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Bobcats held the Kings to 87 points, their 21st time holding their opponent under 100, the most in the NBA this season.  
 
 THE LEAD:  The Charlotte Bobcats snapped their season-high three-game losing streak Tuesday night with a 95-87 win over the Sacramento Kings at Time Warner Cable Arena.  DeMarcus Cousins  scored a game-best 30 points for Sacramento, which played its first of four games in five nights.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  We buckled down when it was time late in the game. We focused our defense and got stops and then worried about the offense. I tried to get in a good rhythm. I've been spending a lot of time in the gym and my teammates needed me to step up and score baskets and that's what I did. 
 -- Charlotte guard  Kemba Walker 
 
 
  THE STAT:  The Bobcats made eight of 17 attempts from behind the three-point line which tied a season high. Charlotte was last in the league in both threes per game (4.38) and three-point field goal percentage (.288) coming into the game. However,the Bobcats are 4-2 when making six or more three pointers. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Bobcats used an 11-1 run in the middle of the fourth quarter to pull away for good. Sacramento had chipped away at an 18-point lead throughout the second half. The Kings got within two points after a  Jason Thompson  layup with 8:53 to play. Al Jefferson capped the run with a layup to extend Charlotte's to 12 points and secure the victory.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "If you're not ready to play in the NBA and you give up 35 points and 61 percent shooting from the field, you're building yourself a hole that you'll be digging out of for the next three quarters and that's what we did. WE got back in the game and got close, but you can't play three quarters on the NBA in the road and expect to win." 
 -- Sacramento coach  Michael Malone 
 
 
 HOT:   Walker scored 24 points for the second consecutive game. Over his last eight contests, Walker is averaging 20.2 points, 5.9 assists and 3.6 rebounds. He's reached double figures in 14 consecutive games and 22 times this season. He posted 20 points 10 times this season.  
 
 NOT:   Rudy Gay  was limited to just 24 minutes of action and scored only four points. Gay left the game in the third quarter and did not return. "He was complaining at halftime about his knee, I believe. He wanted to go out and give it a shot in the third quarter. He gave us some minutes and wasn't moving real well out there so we decided to shut him down. I don't think it's real serious, but I don't want to speculate until I speak with (the trainer)," coach Malone said after the game.  
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:   DeMarcus Cousins  scored 30 points and grabbed 17 rebounds, posting a double-double for the sixth time in his last seven games. Cousins scored 20 or more points for the sixth time in the last seven games.  
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:   Ralph Sampson  was in attendance at tonight's game, seated in the first row. During a timeout in the first quarter, there was a marriage proposal that brought the crowd to its feet.  
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:   Cody Zeller  had seven points and five rebounds with two assists in 23 minutes of action. For Sacramento,  Ben McLemore  had seven points as well in 30 minutes of action and was just 2-for-10 from the floor.  
 
 NOTABLE:  Kings guard  Isaiah Thomas  scored 21 points, reaching double figures for the ninth consecutive game and 21st time this season ... Bobcats guard  Gerald Henderson  scored 20 points, reaching double figures for the 1th straight game and 23rd time this season. He also scored 20 or more points for the fourth time this season ...  Ramon Sessions  scored 16 points, reaching double figures for the second time in three games ...  Al Jefferson  scored 10 points, tallying double figures for the 12th consecutive game. He added nine rebounds for his 10th consecutive game with at least nine rebounds ... the Kings had six-game streak of scoring 100 or more snapped tonight ... Sacramento is averaging 29 attempts to the free throw line over the last nine games.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Kings, Wednesday @ Atlanta, Friday @ Miami, Saturday @ Atlanta. For the Bobcats, Wednesday @ Toronto, Friday @ Detroit, Saturday vs. Utah. 
