  Notebook: Cavaliers 98, Timberwolves 87   By Jim Beilby, for NBA.com Posted Saturday January 7, 2012 12:35PM THE FACTS:  The Cleveland Cavaliers got their third win in their last four games and gave themselves a winning record for the first time since early last season by defeating the Minnesota Timberwolves 98-87 on Friday.  Antawn Jamison  led the Cavaliers with 22 points and  Anderson Varejao  had a solid all-around game with 13 points, 12 rebounds, five assists, and five steals. After a number of promising games (close losses to Oklahoma City and Miami and impressive wins against Dallas and San Antonio), this was the second straight game where the Timberwolves struggled.  Kevin Love  did get big numbers again, however, with 29 points and 14 rebounds. QUOTABLE:  "After the debacle in Toronto, obviously I wanted to see how our guys were going to respond. And I got an answer. They came back and were very focused tonight for the most part and did a lot of great things on both ends of the floor. And I thought that the second half especially with the lead, the one thing I wanted them to do is to come out and be aggressive on both ends of the floor and I thought we were able to do that as well." -- Cleveland coach  Byron Scott THE STAT:  In the battle of the first vs. the second pick in last years drafts,  Kyrie Irving  scored 14, grabbed five rebounds, and dished out five assists, but he also had seven turnovers.  Derrick Williams  scored 12 points and had four rebounds, but had no turnovers. Two games ago, against San Antonio, the Minnesota starting backcourt of  Luke Ridnour  and  Wes Johnson  were 13-for-16. Since then they are 7-for-29. TURNING POINT:  In a game largely devoid of big runs, the third quarter made the difference. After extending their lead to seven points at the half, Cleveland had better energy and execution for the lion share of the third quarter, tallying a 12-point lead and a substantial amount of momentum going into the final frame. NOTABLE:  Cleveland is in the midst of a seven-game road trip, playing two nights ago in Toronto and looking completely exhausted. Minnesota looked tired for much of the game, which could hurt them as they prepare to play three games in three nights starting Sunday. UP NEXT:  For the Wolves, Sunday @ Washington, Monday @ Toronto, Tuesday vs. Chicago. For the Cavaliers, Sunday @ Portland, Tuesday @ Utah, Thursday @ Phoenix.  