  Notebook: Spurs 125, Cavs 90 Posted Tuesday April 3, 2012 11:57PM By Brian Dulik, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Point guard  Patrick Mills  scored a season-high 20 points and shooting guard  Danny Green  added 19 as the San Antonio Spurs destroyed the Cleveland Cavaliers 125-90 at Quicken Loans Arena. Point guard  Tony Parker  chipped in 19 points and five assists for the Spurs, while center  Tiago Splitter  and shooting guard  Gary Neal  had 11 points apiece. San Antonio extended its winning streak to eight games by posting its highest-scoring output since Jan. 4, 2011. Cavaliers power forward  Antawn Jamison  scored 15 points, while point guard  Kyrie Irving  had 13 points and five assists in his return from a right shoulder strain. QUOTABLE:  "This was pretty close to a perfect scenario. We got everyone a little bit of rest and all the guys that came in played pretty well. Obviously, we're on a back-to-back and going to Boston tomorrow night, so it's a good thing to have games like this for a number of reasons."   -- Spurs power forward  Tim Duncan THE STAT:  The 35-point drubbing equaled the Cavaliers' third-largest ever at home -- trailing two defeats earlier this season. Cleveland lost to Chicago by 39 points on Jan. 20 (114-75), and fell to Milwaukee by 37 points on March 30 (121-84). "This hurts because knowing what our fans have done for us with all their support, they deserve to have us come out and compete at a high level," Jamison said. "Offensively, it's like we're scared to shoot the basketball, and defensively, we've given up way too many layups." Since entering the NBA in 1970-1971, the Cavaliers have played 1,692 home games over 42 seasons. TURNING POINT:  San Antonio scored 16 straight points late in the first quarter -- starting with a driving layup by Parker -- to turn a tie game into a 32-16 rout. It marked the second straight home game the Cavaliers have surrendered a 16-0 run in the opening half, having allowed the Bucks to do so four days earlier. "I don't know the reason, so [if you] ask me why, I have no clue," Cleveland coach  Byron Scott  said. "But I do know that we have to get back to competing. It's that simple." Scott's only substitution during the 3:51 onslaught was replacing top scorer Irving with backup shooting guard  Manny Harris . QUOTABLE II:  "Tonight wasn't a fair fight. They were missing two very important players [injured center  Anderson Varejao  and injured shooting guard  Daniel Gibson] , who are two very important members of their team. We took advantage of it."   -- Spurs coach  Gregg Popovich HOT:  Mills poured in 20 points in just 20 minutes, going 8-for-11 from the field and 4-for-5 beyond the arc. The Australian National Team member was signed by the Spurs on March 23 after starting the season in the Chinese Basketball Association. "Patty is more of a shooting point guard, so  Manu  [ Ginobili ] is going to create opportunities for him when they're out there together," Parker said. "And when he gets time to shoot the ball, he's going to knock down shots." ... Green scored 16 points in 16 first-half minutes, including 4-for-5 on 3-pointers. The former Cavaliers reserve finished the contest 7-for-11 from the field. "It was nice to do it against my former team, but the most important thing was the Spurs getting the win," Green said. ... San Antonio power forward  Boris Diaw  had six points, six rebounds and a game-high nine assists off the bench. It was his sixth game with the Spurs since being waived by the Bobcats. "I was just trying to spread the floor when they packed it in down low," Diaw said. ... San Antonio's margin of victory was the largest in the 80-game series between the franchises. NOT:  The Cavaliers' season-long losing streak ballooned to eight games, coming by an average of 19.6 points, while their home skid reached six in a row. Cleveland's last victory came on March 19 at New Jersey, while their most recent home win was on March 11 against Houston. "We all get paid to play at a really high level, but our competitive level isn't matching other teams that we play," Irving said. ... "Cavs fans definitely deserve more from us." San Antonio's 125 points were the most allowed by the Cavaliers since Jan. 15, 2011. They also marked the most scored by a visiting team in Cleveland since April 1, 2005. ... Cavaliers power forward  Samardo Samuels  and Harris were blanked in 14 combined minutes. ... Irving missed 10 of his 15 field goal attempts. ... Cleveland allowed 23 layups and was outscored 18-0 in fast-break points. ... The Cavaliers were outrebounded 46-27. ... Spurs power forward  Matt Bonner  failed to score, while shooting guard  Stephen Jackson  didn't make a basket. ... San Antonio starting center  DeJuan Blair  had four fouls and no points over the first three quarters. QUOTABLE III:  "It's supposed to hurt when you lose. To hear guys in our locker room still talking and laughing after games, it's disappointing. You've got to let them know, you can't accept losing, [let alone] getting our [expletive] kicked. We've taken dramatic steps backward."   -- Cavaliers power forward Antawn Jamison GOOD MOVE:  Jamison, who has been one of the Cavaliers' locker room leaders since the loss of  LeBron James  in the summer of 2010, called out his younger teammates after their latest blowout loss. "A.J." also led by example during the game, moving past  Dale Ellis  and  Reggie Theus  into 46th place in NBA history with 19,017 career points. "The coaches are putting us in the right situations to be successful," the 14th-year pro said. "We've just got to go out there and not get blown out. Once we get out on the court, there should be no excuses whatsoever." BAD MOVE:  While the Spurs were making their game-changing 16-0 run late in the first quarter, Scott tried to stop it with a curious quintet on the court. Cleveland's guards were recent NBA D-League signees  Lester Hudson  and Harris, while its frontcourt featured Samuels, Jamison and small forward  Alonzo Gee . "When we're giving up layups, not once or twice but on a consistent basis, and you're giving up wide-open shots five or six times down the floor, that shows that we're not competing," Scott said. NOTABLE:  Varejao (right wrist fracture) could return to action next week, while Gibson (left foot tendon tear) had reconstructive surgery Monday and will miss the remainder of the season. They are the only Cleveland players left from the 2007 NBA Finals squad that was swept by San Antonio. Duncan, Parker, Ginobili and Bonner remain with San Antonio from that title team. ... Seven Cavaliers reached double figures in scoring with Hudson, small forward  Omri Casspi , center  Semih Erden , shooting guard  Anthony Parker , and center  Tristan Thompson  joining Jamison and Irving. ... Popovich went to his bench early, giving everyone in a Spurs uniform at least nine minutes. Green logged a team-high 26, while key veterans Duncan (23), Parker (23) and Ginobili (19) played less than half of the game. UP NEXT:  For the Spurs, Wednesday @ Boston, Friday vs. New Orleans, Sunday vs. Utah. For the Cavaliers, Wednesday @ Milwaukee, Friday @ Toronto, Sunday @ New Jersey.  