  Jazz-Raptors notebook   By Holly MacKenzie, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday March 9, 2011 11:01PM THE FACTS:  On Wednesday night the Utah Jazz celebrated a 96-94 victory in Toronto after an exciting finish saw  Al Jefferson  score on a buzzer-beating tip-in off of a  Devin Harris  miss. While the Raptors led by as many as 14 points in the fourth quarter, the Jazz shot their way back into the game despite being without starters  Andrei Kirilenko  and  Paul Millsap . Jefferson led the way with a game-high 34 points while  C.J. Miles  and Harris finished with 23 points apiece. The Toronto Raptors were without  Andrea Bargnani  and were led by  DeMar DeRozan 's 17 points while  Sonny Weems  added 16 points off the bench. QUOTABLE:  "We were going along pretty good and then they got up by 12 points on us and we continued to fight. That's what we have to do every night.We don't want to give up the lead, but if we do give up the lead and there is time on the clock we want to count on each other and trust each other and know that we can do it if we continue to work together as a group."    -- Jazz coach  Ty Corbin  on how his team battled down the stretch THE STAT:  After shooting a blistering 63 percent in the third quarter, the Raptors struggled in the fourth making just six of their 21 field-goal attempts and shooting 28 percent from the floor. In comparison, the Jazz shot 55 percent and had 11 made field goals, including four 3-pointers. TURNING POINT:  Heading into the fourth trailing by eight, the Jazz were struggling against the Raptors' zone and needed a change. Electing to go small, the Jazz played Jefferson along with Harris, Miles,  Earl Watson  and  Raja Bell . The smaller lineup worked as the Jazz were able to start hitting. Miles made back-to-back 3-pointers to trim a 12-point deficit down to two with 3:32 remaining in the game. From there, the Jazz went ahead by three until  Leandro Barbosa  tied the game at 94 with under a minute remaining, setting up a furious finish. After a missed layup by Harris, Jefferson's tip shot fell through the hoop as time expired. QUOTABLE II:  "I've been in situations when I was with Minnesota and teams would come in fighting for a playoff spot and they called us spoilers. Right now I'm on other side, I'm fighting for this playoff spot."    -- Jefferson on the final stretch of the season HOT:  Jefferson scored 34 points without taking or making a free throw. This sets a Raptor opponent record for points scored without a made free throw. He finished 17-for-24 from the floor and added eight rebounds, none bigger than his final offensive board leading to the tip in to win the game. NOT:  DeRozan led his team with 17 points and made nine of his 11 free throw attempts, but shot just 4-for-16 from the floor. NOTABLE:  Harris dislocated his finger during the game, got it popped back into place and continued to play. He then went on to fall into a cameraman and then land awkwardly after a shot attempt, rolling an ankle. Harris played through the pain and said there was no way he would have allowed the injuries to keep him from finishing the game. ...  Reggie Evans  made his return to the lineup after missing the previous 47 games following surgery on a broken right foot. Evans came into the game to cheers and finished with a game-high 11 rebounds in 33 minutes off the bench. ...  Amir Johnson  left the game with 3:38 to go in the first quarter after spraining his left ankle and did not return. UP NEXT:  For the Jazz, Friday @ Minnesota, Saturday @ Chicago and Monday vs. Philadelphia. For the Raptors, Friday vs. Indiana, Sunday vs. Charlotte and Wednesday @ Detroit.  