
 Nets-Wizards notebook   By Rich Dubroff, for NBA.com Posted Friday January 7, 2011 10:55PM THE FACTS:  The Washington Wizards built a 20-point lead in the first nine minutes and totally dominated the New Jersey Nets in a 97-77 win on Friday night.  Rashard Lewis  had 16 points and a season-high 13 rebounds,  Nick Young  had 16 points,  JaVale McGee  15 points and  Andray Blatche  14 for Washington, which broke a three-game winning streak. Brook Lopez  and  Jordan Farmar  led New Jersey with 14 points. The Nets trailed 26-6 with 3:07 to play in the first quarter. They never were able to close the deficit to fewer than 12 points. New Jersey has lost six of seven. QUOTABLE:  "I think we were probably 2 for about 15 on wide-open shots that weren't even contested. Some of those shots -- they didn't have anybody between us here in Washington and East Rutherford, New Jersey, and we still missed them."   -- Nets coach  Avery Johnson  on his team's inability to score THE STAT:  3-34 -- The two teams' combined road record. New Jersey is 3-17. Washington is 0-17 TURNING POINT:  Washington led 21-3 with 4:50 to play in the first quarter. The rest of the game was glorified garbage time. QUOTABLE II:  "We're able to beat teams we're supposed to beat at home...Now, we have to take the second step and that's beat teams that are like us -- and beat them on the road."   -- Washington coach  Flip Saunders  on the Wizards' ability to win against teams with losing records at home, but failure to win on the road. HOT:  Lewis had three quick 3-pointers in a 65-second span in the first quarter, and he played his best all-around game since being acquired by Washington for  Gilbert Arenas  on Dec. 18. NOT:  Sasha Vujacic -- The Nets guard was traded from the Lakers on Dec. 14, and he found out about during Los Angeles' game against Washington. The building must have bad memories because Vujacic went an embarrassing 1-for-14. "Personally, I played terrible. It's one of the worst games of my life," Vujacic said. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Lewis has been consistent lately. In his last four games, he has 15, 14, 18 and 16 points. He has 23 rebounds in his last two games and even had a season-high six assists. GOOD MOVE:  Saunders letting his starters play big minutes. They played consistently well and need to develop confidence as a unit -- and their dominant performance against a lackluster game should help them on Saturday when they look for their first road win in Charlotte. BAD MOVE:  Vujacic kept shooting and Johnson kept letting him shoot.  Devin Harris  had a poor game, too, missing 6 of 7 shots, but he had an excuse. Harris collided with  Kirk Hinrich  in the second quarter and injured his right quad. He played just 4 ½ minutes in the third quarter before calling it a night. He says he should be able to play against Milwaukee on Saturday night. ROOKIE WATCH:   John Wall  had five points and nine assists and no turnovers for Washington. Forward  Trevor Booker  didn't score in six minutes. Center  Kevin Seraphin  had two points in six minutes. New Jersey forward  Derrick Favors  had 12 points in 25 minutes in his second start. In his first on Wednesday against Chicago, he had seven points and four fouls in nine minutes. Guard  Ben Uzoh  had six points in 11 minutes. INSIDE THE ARENA:  16,017 showed up to watch this classic. On Dec. 14, 16,513 were here for the Lakers.  NOTABLE:  McGee had six blocked shots for the second time in the last three games. On Wednesday, McGee accepted an invitation to the slam dunk contest at next month's NBA All-Star Game. UP NEXT:  For the Nets, Saturday vs. Bucks, Wednesday @ Suns, Friday @ Lakers For the Wizards, Saturday @ Bobcats. Tuesday vs. Kings, Thursday @ Timberwolves 
