  Notebook: Mavericks 122, Suns 99   By Mike Tulumello, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday January 31, 2012 12:31AM THE FACTS:   Dirk Nowitzki  is trying to work his way back into top form, as are his Dallas Mavericks. So the Phoenix Suns are just the sort of tune-up fodder that can be useful for the reigning NBA champs. The Suns, playing without the injured  Steve Nash , made it a game for the first 10 minutes or so, but the Mavericks had way too much firepower for them in breezing to a 122-99 win Monday night in Arizona. Delonte West  came off the bench and pumped in a game-high 25 points for the Mavericks, who shot 55 percent (52 percent on 3-pointers).  Vince Carter  and  Shawn Marion  added 21 and 20 points, respectively. The Suns got 17 points and 10 boards from  Marcin Gortat . The Mavericks (14-8) raced to a 66-48 halftime lead and never looked back. They have gone 13-4 after a 1-4 start. They have won six of their past seven. The Suns dropped to 7-13. QUOTABLE:  "When the ball moves...touches a lot of hands, more tough shots tend to go in."    -- Mavs coach  Rick Carlisle . THE STAT:  Through the first three quarters, the Mavericks hit 13-for-21 on 3-pointers to blow the game open. TURNING POINT:  When Suns coach  Alvin Gentry  announced before the game that Steve Nash would sit out with a thigh bruise. Carlisle said, "We caught a break with Nash not playing." QUOTABLE II:  "My legs are getting stronger...I lost swelling in my knee. It's getting there."    -- Nowitzki, who had 10 points and four rebounds in 28 minutes, one night after playing 38 minutes in his return after a 4-game absence.  HOT:  West shot 9-for-12, including 5-for-6 on 3-pointers. "Delonte was due to have a high-impact game," Carlisle said. NOT:   Channing Frye's  poor season continued. The Suns' forward, who came into the game shooting just 35 percent (30 percent on 3-pointers), shot 1-for-5 for 7 points in 20 minutes. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  If you have  Robin Lopez  on your team, you might think about dumping him. After Lopez served a 1-game NBA suspension Friday, Gentry didn't play the inconsistent 7-footer Saturday, then inserted him only for garbage time on Monday vs. the Mavs. NOTABLE:  The Mavericks have won eight straight over the Suns over the past two years. That's the Suns' longest active losing skid against another team. ... Carlisle said Nowitzki went through the equivalent of an 8-and-a-half day "training camp" to improve his conditioning, then took one day off before his long stint Sunday night. Nowitzki said he has no limits on his minutes. UP NEXT:  For the Mavericks, Wednesday vs. Thunder, Friday vs. Pacers and Saturday @ Cleveland. For the Suns, Wednesday @ New Orleans, Friday @ Houston and Saturday vs. Bobcats.  