  Bobcats-Bulls notebook   By Derek S. Smith, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday January 12, 2011 10:52PM THE FACTS: D.J. Augustin  scored 22 points and dished out 12 assists to lead the Charlotte Bobcats to a 96-91 win over the visiting Chicago Bulls Wednesday night at Time Warner Cable Arena.  Carlos Boozer  scored 23 and  Luol Deng  added 22 for the Bulls who have now dropped three straight on the road. QUOTABLE:  "We're having fun and playing together out there. If I'm hitting shots they have to come out and play me and that allows me to better get it to my teammates. They have confidence in me and I know they'll knock them down too.   -- Charlotte Bobcats guard D. J. Augustin THE STAT:  Live by the 3. Die by the 3. The Bobcats three-point shooting was a tale of two halves. Charlotte was a scorching 6-for-10 from behind the arc in the first half, but the second half saw the team miss all 11 of its three-point attempts. Thankfully for the Bobcats they started taking the ball to the hoop after Chicago took the lead at the close of the third quarter. TURNING POINT:  The turning point for this game came late in the fourth with back-to-back athletic plays by  Tyrus Thomas . On the offensive end Thomas made a reverse lay-up in traffic without using the backboard to put the Bobcats ahead for good 90-89 with 1:14 to play. He then hustled for a defensive rebound, forcing it to go out of bounds off the Bulls which set-up a basket by  Stephen Jackson  that sealed the game. QUOTABLE II:  "This is a game I'm always extra anxious to play in. Coach (Silas) told me to keep shooting and they started falling for me. I just tried to key on my defense and rebounds out there and let everything else come to me."   --Charlotte Bobcats forward Tyrus Thomas HOT:  Augustin. The Bobcats point guard held his own against the elite  Derrick Rose . Augustin led the Bobcats with 22 points on 6-for-12 shooting and was 8-for-9 from the charity stripe. He also dished out a career-best 12 assists while committing just one turnover which came in the first quarter. Augustin is averaging 19.0 points and 9.5 assists during the Bobcats current four-game winning streak. He has scored in double figures in eight straight games which is a career-best stretch. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Thomas. The Bobcats forward came off the bench against his former team to put together a 17-point, 13-rebound performance. Thomas was 7-for-14 from the floor and added two assists and two blocks to his stat line on Wednesday. INSIDE THE ARENA: Michael Jordan  was courtside watching his former team take on his Charlotte Bobcats. Jordan stood and gave a long round of applause as the Bobcats walked off the court victoriously. ROOKIE WATCH:  Chicago's  Omer Asik  was the only rookie to see action tonight. Asik played just five minutes and had one rebound and one turnover.  Sherron Collins  was a DNP-CD for the Bobcats. NOTABLE:  The Bulls suffered their first defeat of the year when leading heading into the fourth quarter. Stephen Jackson had his seven-game stretch of scoring 20 or more points stopped tonight with his 16-point performance. Charlotte is now 6-2 under interim head coach  Paul Silas . Boozer recorded his 15th double-double of the season with a game-best 23 points and game-best 14 rebounds. He now has a double-double in 11 of his last 13 games. The seven turnovers by Charlotte Wednesday was a season low.  Gerald Wallace  returned from a four-game absence from the court due to injury and turned in a 14-point performance. Derrick Rose is 41-45 (.911) from the line the last four games. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Friday @ Indiana, Saturday vs. Miami and Monday @ Memphis. For the Bobcats, Friday @ Boston, Saturday vs. New Orleans and Monday @ Philadelphia.  