  Hornets-Blazers notebook   By Larry Holder, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday March 30, 2011 11:52PM THE FACTS:  Forward  Carl Landry  scored a team-high 21 points, including five free throws in the final 47.4 seconds, to propel the  New Orleans Hornets  to a 95-91 win over the  Portland Trail Blazers  on Wednesday night at the New Orleans Arena. The Hornets moved to the sixth spot in the Western Conference despite being tied with Portland as New Orleans holds a 3-1 season series edge. QUOTABLE:  "Giving us the series edge is huge now that we're neck and neck. We've still got a lot of games left, but this game was big for us. They've (the Blazers) been playing outstanding lately and they've been winning a lot of games in the last two minutes, last minute and a half. ... At lot was at stake. When you get in there, last week of the season and you're trying to figure out who's in and who's out."  -- Hornets guard  Chris Paul  on the importance of the win THE STAT:  Blazers coach  Nate McMillan  pointed to the disparity in free-throw attempts as the main contributor to the loss. The Hornets went 22-for-29 from the line, while the Blazers shot 12-for-16. McMillan didn't blame the officials as he said that his team was aggressive enough down the stretch. TURNING POINT:  Hornets reserve guard  Willie Green  singlehandedly turned the game around for New Orleans in the fourth quarter. Green scored 10 of his 12 points off the bench in the fourth quarter. His monster dunk on a putback with 6:58 remaining gave the Hornets an 82-75 lead and all the momentum. "His dunk off the rim, stay tuned to Sportscenter. You will see that again. His energy was outstanding," Paul said about Green. QUOTABLE II:  "We dropped it. It's still in our hands. We dropped this game and now we need to go home. We know what we need to do. Every game is important. We dont have the tiebreaker against this team, but we do against some other teams."   --McMillan on losing an important game in New Orleans HOT:  You can't blame Portland's  LaMarcus Aldridge  or  Andre Miller  on the loss. Aldridge complained of being tired following Monday's win in San Antonio, but that didn't appear to be the case in New Orleans as he scored a game-high 24 points on 11-for-19 shooting and pulled down a game-high 15 rebounds. Miller also had a hot shooting hand going 8-for-12 from the floor for 19 points. NOT:  Paul struggled from the floor only going 4-for-15 for 11 points. While his shot wasn't falling, he did make up for it with 12 assists and four steals. INSIDE THE ARENA:  It's more like what wasn't inside the New Orleans Arena as the attendance was one of the worst of the season as there were 12,575 in paid attendance for Wednesday night's game. NOTABLE:  Portland became careless with the basketball as it turned the ball over nine times in the second half compared to only three in the first 24 minutes. ... The Hornets are 3-1 without forward and leading scorer  David West  as he'll miss the rest of the season with a torn ACL. ... The Hornets saw plenty of production from  Marco Belinelli  and  Emeka Okafor . Belinelli went 4-for-5 from 3-point land for 16 points, while Okafor added 15 points and 10 rebounds. UP NEXT:  For the Blazers, Friday vs. Oklahoma City, Sunday vs. Dallas, Tuesday vs. Golden State. For the Hornets, Friday vs. Memphis, Sunday vs. Indiana, Wednesday vs. Houston.  