  Trail Blazers-Bobcats notebook   By Derek S. Smith, for NBA.com Posted Friday March 11, 2011 10:37PM THE FACTS :  Stephen Jackson  scored 18 of his game-best 29 points in the fourth quarter as the Charlotte Bobcats rallied from a 10-point deficit to beat the Portland Trail Blazers 97-92 and snap its six-game losing streak.  Gerald Wallace  scored 13 points for the Trail Blazers in his return to Charlotte and  Wesley Matthews  added 20. QUOTABLE:  "That's my role out there. I've got to be the scorer and make plays. I've got to take control in the fourth quarter and i was just thankful I could do that tonight. Every game counts. We can't relax. It felt good to be out there."  --  Stephen Jackson, Charlotte Bobcats forward, on his fourth quarter and return to after injury. THE STAT:  Free throws. Wesley Matthews snapped his streak of 21 consecutive free throws with 5.6 seconds left in the game missing the first of two which could have tied the ballgame at 93. The Trail Blazers went 3-for-7 from the line in the final quarter. For the game Portland, who ranks third in the NBA, was 9-for-16 from the line while Charlotte was 22-for-26. TURNING POINT:  Jack for Three. Stephen Jackson drained back-to-back threes for the Bobcats with the game knotted at 72 to take their first lead since the opening possession of the second half. Those two threes came in the middle of a 14-2 run to open the fourth quarter in which he scored 11 points. HOT:  Stephen Jackson. The Bobcats forward had been sidelined with a strained left hamstring, but came to play Friday night. Jackson scored 18 points in the fourth quarter and scored a game-high 29 points. He went 7-for-11 in the final quarter and connected on a pair of three pointers while adding two rebounds and an assist. The Bobcats were 12-for-19 from the floor in the fourth and went 7-for-8 at the line. NOT:   LaMarcus Aldridge . The Portland center shot 6-for-17 from the floor and 3-for-5 from the charity stripe Friday night and scored just 15 points on the night. Aldridge had scored at least 20 in each of previous four games and had averaged 24.0 in that span. INSIDE THE ARENA:  NASCAR drive  Denny Hamlin  and Bobcats team owner  Michael Jordan  were both seated courtside. The Bobcats honored Gerald Wallace who was traded to Portland on February 24 with a video tribute prior to the game which was greeted with a standing ovation from the crowd at Time Warner Cable Arena. GOOD MOVE:  Using your bench. Charlotte coach  Paul Silas  went to the bench with confidence and was rewarded.  Dante Cunningham , acquired from Portland in the Gerald Wallace trade, scored 11 points while fellow newcomer  DJ White , acquired from Oklahoma City in the  Nazr Mohammed  deal, scored a career-best 16 points and grabbed nine rebounds as well. The pair combined to shoot 11-for-15 from the floor in 48 minutes of actions. NOTABLE:  DJ White had a career-high 16 points in the win for Charlotte and is averaging 11.6 in his last five games.  Gerald Henderson  has scored in double figures in each of the last four games and is averaging 17.0 in that span. Stephen Jackson has scored 20 or more in 13 of his last 20 games with five games of 30 or more points. Portland has its NBA-best seven-game road win streak snapped Friday night. The Trail Blazers lost for just the second time this year when shooting better than an opponent. Gerald Wallace scored 13 points and grabbed nine rebounds in his return to Charlotte after being traded to the Trail Blazers on February 24. UP NEXT:  For the Trail Blazers, Saturday @ Atlanta, Tuesday vs. Dallas, Thursday vs. Cleveland. For the Bobcats, Sunday @ Toronto, Wednesday @ Houston, Friday @ Oklahoma City.  