  Knicks-Bobcats notebook   By Derek S. Smith, for NBA.com Posted Saturday March 26, 2011 10:55PM THE FACTS:   Boris Diaw  scored a team-best 20 points as eight Charlotte Bobcats scored in double figures to lift them past the New York Knicks 114-106 Saturday night at Time Warner Cable Arena.  Carmelo Anthony  scored a game-high 36 points in the loss for the Knicks, who have lost six straight and nine of their last 10 to fall three games below .500. QUOTABLE:  "I was so pleased with how we executed offensively. We played good defense, but our offensive execution was really good. Having eight guys get in double figures was just unbelievable. We needed this so bad and (the Knicks) needed it also so it was whoever wanted it the most and obviously we did."   -- Charlotte head coach  Paul Silas THE STAT:  The Bobcats got 38 points from their bench Saturday night ,including three players in double digits. Charlotte placed eight players in double figures in the game and each player who saw action put their name in the score book. TURNING POINT:  The Bobcats' second unit took matters into their own hand to start the second quarter. The second unit scored the first 12 points of the quarter with  Matt Carroll ,  Shaun Livingston  and  Dominic McGuire  each scoring four points. Charlotte winded up with a 22-4 run and took a 52-35 lead and never looked back. QUOTABLE II:  "That's why we were able to win the game today. Those guys really stepped it up for us tonight. We couldn't have done it with out them. It was great to be back out there tonight with the guys and we're starting to get on a roll out there with this little winning streak."   -- Charlotte Bobcats forward  Stephen Jackson HOT:  Anthony scored 20 of his 36 points in the second half for the Knicks. Anthony finished the game shooting 13-for-25 with three 3s, four rebounds, one assist, one steal and two blocks. He was also 7-for-8 from the charity stripe. Anthony is averaging 26 points in his last five games and shooting 90.5 percent from the free-throw line. It was the third game of 30 or more for Anthony since joining the Knicks. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Jackson scored 19 points despite being hampered by a nagging hamstring. He was 7-for-16 from the floor including 4-for-9 from behind the arc. Jackson added seven rebounds, three assists, two steals and a blocked shot as well. With the injury seemingly behind him, Jackson should be poised for a strong finish to the season. BAD MOVE:  Mixing up the lineup. Knicks coach  Mike D'Antoni  tried to shake things up Saturday, replacing  Landry Fields  in the starting lineup with  Toney Douglas . The moved turned out to not have been the wisest choice. Douglas played just 15 minutes with five points and two assists while Fields came off the bench to score 16 points and grab six rebounds. ROOKIE WATCH:  Fields scored 16 points with six rebounds in 34 minutes and went to the free-throw line 12 times.  Andy Rautins ,   the only other rookie on the either teams' roster, was inactive for the New York Knicks. NOTABLE:  The eight players in double figures was a franchise record for the Bobcats. They also recorded a season-best 64 points in the first half and a season-low six turnovers for the game.  Chauncey Billups  had a 14-point, 10-assist night and notched his second double-double since being acquired by the Knicks. Billups tied  Dale Ellis  for fifth all-time in the NBA in 3-pointers. He is now 24 behind  Peja Stojakovic  for fourth. The Knicks are 9-10 in both the first and second games of back-to-back sets. UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Monday vs. Orlando, Wednesday vs. New Jersey, Sunday vs. Cleveland. For the Bobcats, Monday vs. Milwaukee, Wednesday vs. Cleveland, Friday @ Orlando.  