  Notebook: Clippers 103, Raptors 91   By Dan Arritt, for NBA.com Posted Sunday January 22, 2012 7:35PM THE FACTS:  Clippers guard  Mo Williams  continues to fill the scoring void left by the absence of four-time All Star  Chris Paul , who missed his fifth straight game with a left hamstring injury. Williams overcame a slow start to score 26 points off the bench, the third straight game he has recorded 25 or more, helping the Clippers to a 103-91 victory Sunday afternoon against the Raptors at Staples Center. QUOTABLE:  "Mo came out and shot the ball well and was really on fire again. He's done a great job for us lately, especially being aggressive off the bench."   -- Clippers coach   Vinny Del Negro . THE STAT:  Williams, who made his first seven shots from the field the last two games, had five points, four turnovers and three personal fouls at the half. He had only one field goal in the third quarter, but then exploded for 19 points in the fourth. It's the second time in his nine-year career that Williams has scored at least 25 points in three straight games. He scored 32, 36 and 31 in consecutive games as a starter with the Bucks in February 2008. TURNING POINT:  The Clippers used a 13-0 run midway through the opening quarter to build a 22-6 lead, and Toronto never pulled close than seven the rest of the way. HOT:  Clippers center  DeAndre Jordan  took advantage of the absence of Toronto 7-footer  Andrea Bargnani , who missed his sixth consecutive game with a strained left calf. Jordan finished with 16 points and a season-high 16 rebounds. He had nine boards in the game's first nine minutes, helping the Clippers surge to a 20-6 lead. All but two of his points were scored on slam dunks. NOT:  Toronto's starting back-court combination of  DeMar DeRozan  and  Jose Calderon  were a combined 5-for-27 from the floor with 18 points. Raptors point guard  Jerryd Bayless , in his first game since missing the previous 13 with a sprained left ankle, wasn't any more effective, shooting 2-for-9 with three turnovers. They Raptors matched their season low for points in a quarter with 11 in the opening 12 minutes and were held under 100 points for the 16th straight game. QUOTABLE II:  "We compete harder in practice than we do to start the games."   --Toronto coach  Dwane Casey . GOOD MOVE:  Playing alongside  Blake Griffin  can make it difficult to make the highlight reels, but Jordan owned the best dunk of the night, catching a half-court lob pass from  Chauncey Billups  and scoring on a reverse slam to extend the lead to 53-37 early in the third quarter. BAD MOVE:  Trailing by 17 points with two minutes remaining and every Clipper starter on the bench, Casey still kept DeRozan on the floor the rest of the game. NOTABLE:  Sunday's game marked the sixth anniversary of  Kobe Bryant's  81-point performance against the Raptors at Staples Center ... After the Clippers distributed a season-low 12 assists Friday in a three-point loss against the visiting Timberwolves, Billups had 14 helpers against the Raptors, his most since recording 14 in December 2008 ...  Linas Kleiza  scored a season-high 16 points off the bench for Toronto. Combined with the 19 points from reserve guard  Leandro Barbosa , the duo outscored the Toronto starters (33 points). UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Wednesday @ L.A. Lakers, Thursday vs. Memphis, Sunday @ Denver. For the Raptors, Tuesday @ Phoenix, Wednesday @ Utah, Friday @ Denver.  