  Bobcats-Lakers notebook   By Derek S. Smith, for NBA.com Posted Monday February 14, 2011 10:55PM THE FACTS :  Gerald Wallace  scored 20 points and grabbed 11 rebounds while  Gerald Henderson  scored 18 points off the bench as the Charlotte Bobcats blew out the Los Angeles Lakers 109-89 Monday night at Time Warner Cable Arena.  Kobe Bryant  led the Lakers with 20 points who lost for the second time in as many days. QUOTABLE:  "It's tough guarding (Kobe Bryant) because he has so much stuff to do. You just try to be physical with him and try to get him to shoot a contested jump shot. You have to go out there and try to attack them and just play as hard as you can and see what happens.  -  Henderson on defending Bryant.  THE STAT:  Shooting. It's a simple statistic, but the Bobcats dominated the second half. Charlotte was 23-for-36 (63.9%) in the second half including 5-for-10 from behind the arc and outscored the Lakers 60-46 in the second half. TURNING POINT:  Two quick ones. Bryant picked up his fourth and fifth fouls of the game within a span of eight seconds early in the fourth quarter in the midst of a span which saw the Bobcats make its first nine shots of the fourth quarter. QUOTABLE II:  "I'm just lucky I guess. I tried to pick up my game a little tonight and it just seemed to happen for us. We played good defense and then executed on offense."  -  Charlotte Bobcats center   Nazr Mohammed  on his 16 point outburst Monday night. HOT:  Gerald Wallace. The Bobcats forward has returned to his all-star from of last season. He led all scorers and rebounders on the night with 20 and 11 respectively and shot 9-for-16 from the floor. Wallace is averaging 19.4 points and 11.6 rebounds in his last five games which includes wins over Boston, Atlanta and the Lakers. It is also his fifth double-double in the last eight games. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Gerald Henderson. The Bobcats guard had 18 points on 6-of-9 shooting, was a perfect 5-for-5 from the charity stripe and added four rebounds, four assists and two blocked shots while helping to hold Bryant to just 20 points Monday night. INSIDE THE ARENA:   James Worthy , a native on nearby Gastonia, NC, was on hand to watch his former team in action.  Shawne Merriman  of the NFL's Buffalo Bills and  C.J. Wilson  of the Super Bowl Champion Green Bay Packers were also in attendance while Charlotte Bobcats team owner  Michael Jordan  missed one of the more high-profile games of the season. ROOKIE WATCH:  Not much to watch from the rookies Monday night. Charlotte's  Sherron Collins  played 3:40 and failed to score while committing one turnovers. Both  Devin Ebanks  and  Derrick Caracter  saw 5:20 for the Lakers with Caracter scoring four points while Ebanks had three. NOTABLE:  The Bobcats have defeated the Lakers in eight of the team's last 10 meetings and are one of only two teams in the NBA with a winning record against the Lakers. The 20-point margin was the largest margin of victory on the season for Charlotte and the largest defeat this season for Los Angeles.  D.J. Augustin  had nine assists without committing a turnover, but did score in single digits for the third straight game. Kobe Bryant recorded his 55th game of the season with double-figure scoring and his 47th with 20 or more points.  Pau Gasol  had his 30th double-double of the season. UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Wednesday @ Cleveland, Tuesday vs. Atlanta, Wednesday @ Portland. For the Bobcats, Tuesday @ Chicago, Tuesday vs. Toronto, Friday vs. Sacramento.  