  Spurs-Celtics notebook   By Brian Robb, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday January 5, 2011 11:29PM THE FACTS:   Paul Pierce  blocked  Manu Ginoboli 's game-tying shot with two seconds remaining as the Boston Celtics held off a furious last-minute rally by the San Antonio Spurs on their way to a 105-103 win.  Rajon Rondo  grabbed the blocked shot as time expired to give him his 10th rebound, completing his second triple-double of the year with 12 points, 10 rebounds and 22 assists.  Ray Allen  led all scorers with 31 points in the terrific offensive effort for Boston, who shot 61.3 percent as a team. Ginoboli was the Spurs high scorer with 24 points in the matchup between the league's top two teams. QUOTABLE:  "The fact that we shot 61percent and won by two is scary. That shows they're a really good team."   --  Doc Rivers THE STAT:  Ginoboli shook off a lackluster three quarters to step it up for the Spurs when they needed it the most in the closing 12 minutes. After needing 35 minutes to hit his first field goal of the game, Ginobili took command down the stretch, willing his team back into the contest by scoring 20 of his 24 points in the final frame, before ultimately falling just short of a dramatic comeback. TURNING POINT:  After nearly blowing a nine-point lead in the final minute of the game, Boston stood firm on its last defensive possession. Leading by two with just nine seconds remaining, San Antonio got the ball to their hot hand in Ginobili, who was double-teamed by  Marquis Daniels  and Pierce. The C's captain stepped up with the block on the long two-point shot, ending the Spurs chances to extend the drama into overtime. QUOTABLE II:  "Ray [Allen] needs to work on his shooting a little bit. He only hit 13 out of 16. If it was practice, and you did pindowns, I don't know if anyone in the league would hit 13-of-16. He does it in game. I think he's pretty good."   -- Gregg Popovich HOT:  Allen took advantage of Ginoboli's lackluster defense from the opening tip, racing around the perimeter to hit five of his first six shots in the first quarter for 10 points. The veteran finished with 31 points overall on a scorching 13-of-16 shooting from the field, including several pivotal buckets late. NOT:  The Spurs'  George Hill  struggled on both ends of the floor, missing eight of his nine shots. The third-year player finished with just four points, seven below his season average of 11.2 per game. QUOTABLE III:  "You knew it was going to be a nip tuck game pretty much all night. You got two heavyweights battling and it was fun to be a part of it. I'm just glad we won."   -- Paul Pierce FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Looking far more mobile than his first game back from a sprained left ankle Monday night, Rondo wreaked havoc on San Antonio's defense right out of the gate and kept it up all night to continue his torrid assist pace. He dished out eight assists alone in the first quarter and followed that up with nine dimes in the third quarter on his way to 22 assists overall. In addition, the point guard stuffed the box score with 12 points, 10 rebounds and six steals. The All-Star is now averaging 14 apg on the year. ROOKIE WATCH:  26-year-old rookie  Gary Neal  continued to provide a reliable offensive boost off the bench for San Antonio. The sharpshooter hit all three of his first-quarter shots for seven points and finished with 10 points on his night. QUOTABLE IV:  "We're very hard on ourselves. We're not satisfied with where we are and honestly, I don't care what our record is. It's how we've been playing through stretches. We're definitely not satisfied with where we are at defensively right now."   --  Tim Duncan NOTABLE:  Boston limited San Antonio, the league's best fast breaking team, to just six fast-break points in the contest.  Glen Davis  and Pierce both contributed terrific offensive efforts for Boston, chipping in with 23 and 18 points respectively. The C's starting lineup collectively shot 66.6 percent (38-of-57) from the field. Six players scored in double figures for San Antonio, as  Tony Parker  and Duncan both had above-average evenings with 18 points each. The Spurs grabbed 15 offensive rebounds and hit 16 of their 17 free throws. Boston has won three straight games overall. UP NEXT:  For the Spurs, Friday @ Indiana, Sunday vs. Minnesota, Tuesday @ Minnesota. For the Celtics, Friday vs. Toronto, Saturday @ Chicago, Monday vs. Houston.  