  Hawks-Bobcats notebook   By Matt Winkeljohn, for NBA.com Posted Friday December 17, 2010 11:12PM THE FACTS:  All-Star guard  Joe Johnson  returned to action a couple weeks earlier than many expected after surgery to remove a loose object from his right (shooting) elbow, and he and teammates  Marvin Williams  and  Al Horford  each scored 16 points Friday to lead the Hawks to a 90-85 win over the visiting Bobcats. Forward  Boris Diaw  and point guard  D.J. Augustin  each scored 22 for Charlotte, which lost for the fourth time in five games. Third-year pro  Dominic McGuire  grabbed a career-high 17 rebounds. QUOTABLE:  "My rehab has been going so well I was able to get back a lot earlier. Playing one-on-one with [Hawks assistant]  Nick Van Exel , I think he did a great job in banging on me just trying to see if I was game-ready. It gave me a lot of inspiration, knowing I was supposed to be out [longer] ... just to show these guys I got their back, and we're in this thing together."    -- Joe Johnson, who missed 16 days (the Hawks went 5-4 without him) after team officials said he was likely to miss four to six weeks.  THE STAT:  Atlanta's eight blocked shots were large.  Josh Smith  pitched in 12 points and 11 rebounds for Atlanta, and his two blocked shots in the fourth quarter helped. He had three blocks overall, and the Hawks moved to 14-2 when he has two or more swats. TURNING POINT:  Charlotte cut its deficit to three points twice in the final 2:14, and each time Williams pushed the lead back to five -- the first time with a 21-foot jumper, and the second time when he got free underneath and took a quick pass from Horford for a layup. Williams scored eight of Atlanta's final 10 points -- all in the final 1:58 -- one night after scoring a season-high 26 in Boston. QUOTABLE II:  "The effort was great. If you do that, you've got a chance no matter who plays, and that's all I ever ask for. I'm so proud of Dominic. He gets a 15-rebound game (Nov. 27 at Milwaukee), and then he gets a 17-rebound game against arguable one of the most athletic teams in our league.  Nazr [Mohammed]  said ... after the game, when we learn to grind games out, and execute in the half-court instead of being helter-skelter, we'll win these games. He's right."    -- Charlotte coach  Larry Brown HOT:  The Hawks have beaten Charlotte seven straight times in Atlanta. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  If you're looking for rebounds, consider McGuire.  Gerald Wallace 's sprained ankle may keep him out of another game or two, and even if he returns in that time, Brown seemed to indicate that he likes the way McGuire matches up against many teams. NOTABLE:  Bobcats guard  Stephen Jackson  strained his right elbow in the first quarter, and returned in the second half. Brown said Jackson had some problems with a lack of feeling, but wanted to stay in the game late. He made just 3-of-14 shots. He made both his free throws in the fourth quarter, but missed all three of his shots ... Charlotte reserve guard  Gerald Henderson  played for the third game in a row after missing nearly a month with inflammation in his left knee. His numbers were again pedestrian (he missed his only shot, and added two assists in 6:19), and after the game Brown lamenting lacking a healthy and athletic player on his roster to help over-play passing lanes late in games ...  With  Jamal Crawford  out, every Atlanta starter played 33 minutes or more, and three played 37 minutes or more. Having returned to Atlanta in the wee hours of the morning from Boston, the Hawks will get back on a plane Saturday to travel to New Jersey for a 1 p.m. game Sunday. UP NEXT:  For the Bobcats, Monday @ Wizards, Tuesday vs. Thunder, Dec. 27 vs. Pistons. For the Hawks, Sunday @ Nets, Monday vs. Magic, Wednesday vs. Cavs.  