
 Nets-Wizards notebook   By Rich Dubroff, for NBA.com Posted Sunday March 20, 2011 6:13PM THE FACTS:   John Wall  had 26 points as the Washington Wizards overcame a 17-point deficit to beat the New Jersey Nets 98-92 on Sunday afternoon. Washington trailed 56-39 just before halftime, and then Wall scored the last four points of the half and 14 in the second half to help the Wizards break a six-game losing streak. Jordan Crawford  had 21 points,  JaVale McGee , 16 and  Maurice Evans  scored 15 for Washington. Playing without injured point guard  Deron Williams , the Nets were led by  Brook Lopez , who had 21 points and 10 rebounds.  Anthony Morrow  had 19 points.  Kris Humphries  had 18 points and 17 rebounds and  Jordan Farmar  had 10 points and 17 assists. The Nets lost their third straight. QUOTABLE:  "They just kept giving me the ball, and I willed us to the win."  --  Wall on being the focal point of the team's offense. THE STAT:  Farmar had a career-high 17 assists in place of Williams, who's been ruled out of at least the next three games with an injured right wrist. TURNING POINT:  Wall's jumper with 1:22 left gave the Wizards their final lead, and he added another with 46.8 left. QUOTABLE II:  "We were really stagnant in the second half. As soon as they started making their run, we got more stagnant."  --  Farmar on the Nets' second half lethargy. HOT:  McGee hitting 8 for 9 from the field. NOT:  Both teams from the 3-point line. The Nets were 3 for 17. The Wizards were 1 for 8. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Wall had a terrific all-around game: 26 points, eight assists, six rebounds and four steals. Washington head coach  Flip Saunders  says Wall is paying more attention to this shooting, and it shows. "It's starting to pay off. He's confident. He's starting to knock down that 15-footer," Saunders said. GOOD MOVE:  Saunders encouraging Wall to shoot more in the second half. "If you want to be a great player in this league, you can't be afraid to take the ball in your hands and try to make a play," Saunders said. BAD MOVE:  The Nets grew complacent and stopped attacking the basket in the second half. "I guess we just got complacent. I did a little. Once we realized what was going on, it was too late," Lopez said. ROOKIE WATCH:  For the third straight game, Washington coach Flip Saunders started three rookies: Crawford, Wall and  Trevor Booker . Booker had nine points and eight rebounds and  Kevin Seraphin  had two points in just under five minutes.  Damion James , New Jersey's only rookie, had eight points in 29 minutes. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Two teams with a combined 39-97 record drew 17,761 on a Sunday afternoon. Less than 24 hours, Butler and Pittsburgh played a classic NCAA tournament game in the same building. NOTABLE:  The Wizards are 2-7 in March. Last March, they were 1-16 -- winning their first and then dropping a franchise-record 16 straight games. UP NEXT:  For the Nets Monday vs. Pacers, Wednesday @ Cavaliers, Friday @ Magic For the Wizards: Tuesday @. Trail Blazers, Wednesday @ Clippers, Friday @ Nuggets 
