  Celtics-Raptors notebook   By Holly J. MacKenzie, for NBA.com Posted Sunday January 2, 2011 10:08PM THE FACTS:  On Sunday night at the Air Canada Centre, the Boston Celtics took care of the Toronto Raptors, 93-79.  Rajon Rondo  returned to the lineup for the Celtics after missing the previous seven games and finished with four points and eight assists, but it was his presence down the stretch that allowed Boston to pull away and get the victory.  Paul Pierce  finished with a game-high 30 points,  Ray Allen  added 23 and  Glen Davis  was just two assists shy of a triple-double, finishing with 15 points, 11 rebounds and eight assists. QUOTABLE : "He makes it sound right. You know, just like an engineer or a producer. You can have all of these banging tracks and these sounds, but when he puts it together, he makes it a hit."    - Glen Davis on the offense with Rajon Rondo running it. QUOTABLE II:  "It's frustrating. It's frustrating as a coach. I don't know if I want to coach when I'm done. Guys, you tell them stuff, they do the opposite...When I'm out there, you can almost kind of control it a little bit, you can direct someone into their place, but once you're a coach on the opposite end of the floor, it's frustrating."    - Rajon Rondo on directing plays from the bench when he was out THE STAT:  While the Raptors outrebounded Boston, 49-37, including 19-2 on the offensive glass, they were unable to make their second chance opportunities count. Shooting just 46 percent from the free throw line and 38 percent from the game (and a horrendous 1-for-14 from beyond the arc), the Raptors had 20 more field goal attempts than the Celtics, they just couldn't get the ball through the hoop. TURNING POINT:  After a miss by  Marquis Daniels  with under a minute to go in the third, the Raptors allowed  Jermaine O'Neal  to get to the offensive rebound and the result was a Paul Pierce 3-pointer. The shot turned the Celtics' six-point advantage to nine entering the fourth quarter, their largest lead at that point in the game. QUOTABLE III:  "No way. I don't forget because he gets me open. He gets me open. I have confidence in myself, but somebody else pushing you, like, 'Hey man, you can do it, you can do it.' It means so much."    - Davis on whether he forgets how much easier things are when Rondo is on the floor. HOT:  Paul Pierce had a brilliant game for the Celtics, finishing with 30 points on 10-for-15 shooting. He had 20 by halftime and then decided to throw down a thunderous slam over  Joey Dorsey  and  Amir Johnson  with 4:15 remaining as the Celtics started to pull away. The dunk stunned the Raptors, silenced the crowd --except for the oohs and ahhs-- and fired up the Celtics. Pierce also connected on all three of his 3-point attempts, went 7-for-8 from the free throw line and added seven rebounds and four assists. NOT:  The Raptors were already undermanned with Andrea Bargnani, Sonny Weems and Jerryd Bayless sidelined due to injury. Unfortunately, Leandro Barbosa, Linas Kleiza and Jose Calderon combined to shoot just 9-for-38 from the floor. Not good enough, especially against the Celtics. ROOKIE WATCH: Ed Davis  continues to develop his game and take advantage of the opportunity that has been provided for him as a result of injuries to his teammates. Against the Celtics, Davis finished with six points and nine rebounds in 23 minutes. NOTABLE: DeMar DeRozan  followed up a career-high 37 points against the Rockets with a team-high 27 points in 41 minutes in the loss and is averaging 24.5 points over his last four games.  Joey Dorsey  finished with a career-high 13 points and 13 rebounds. Paul Pierce played his 916th game, tying him for sixth on Boston's all-time games played list. UP NEXT:  For the Celtics, Monday vs. Minnesota, Wednesday vs. San Antonio, Friday, vs. Toronto. For the Raptors, Tuesday @ Chicago, Wednesday @ Cleveland, Friday @ Boston.  