Notebook: Knicks 112, Nuggets 106 
 
 
 Adam Zagoria, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Dec 09, 2012 10:34 PM - Updated Sun Dec 09, 2012 10:34 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:  In his first game back from a hand injury that caused him to miss two games,  Carmelo Anthony  scored a game-high 34 points to lead the Knicks to a 112-106 victory over his former team, the Denver Nuggets, at Madison Square Garden. 
 
 Jason Kidd  added 17 points and seven assists and  Tyson Chandler  had 15 points and 12 rebounds for New York, which won for the sixth time in seven games and remained a perfect 8-0 at home this season.  J.R. Smith  had 15 points and nine boards off the bench. 
 
 Ty Lawson  paced Denver with 23 points,  Danilo Gallinari  added 21 and  Andre Iguodala  and  Corey Brewer  scored 15 apiece. 
 The Knicks improved their Eastern Conference-best record to 15-5. 
 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "It felt good to come back at home and play against these guys. It was a physical game, tough game. We won, that's all that matters."  --  Anthony on MSG. 
 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Despite wearing tape over a cut on his left (non-shooting) hand, Anthony was 11-of-16 from the foul line and 10-for-24 from the field. 
 
 
 THE STAT II:  Knicks coach  Mike Woodson  is now 19-1 at the Garden. 
 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Down 88-80 early in the fourth, the Knicks rattled off a 12-0 run -- keyed by back-to-back 3-pointers from  Steve Novak  and a dunk by Chandler -- to go ahead 92-88. A 3-pointer by Anthony put New York up 97-90. The Knicks outscored their visitors, 32-22, in the final period. 
 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I feel that Melo's going to win a championship someday."  --  Nuggets coach  George Karl . 
 
 
 
 WHO'S HOT:  The Knicks have won six of seven and now have six of their next seven games at home, where they are unbeaten on the season. 
 
 
 WHO'S NOT:  The Nuggets have lost four of six and play their next two on the road -- at Detroit and at Minnesota. 
 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "He led us tonight, especially coming down the stretch we went through him. He had a little guy on him, he posted him, he made plays, we made plays and got the 'W.'"  --  Anthony on Kidd. 
 
 
 
 NOTABLE: Marcus Camby  (sore left foot) and  Rasheed Wallace  (sore left foot) did not dress for the Knicks. 
 
 
 NOTABLE II:  The two teams have quite a bit of common ground. Four former Knicks are on the Nuggets -- Gallinari, Brewer,  Timofey Mozgov  and  Anthony Randolph  -- and four former Nuggets are on the Knicks -- Anthony, Felton, Smith and Camby. 
 
 
 QUOTABLE IV:  "Melo's playing at such a high level. There's no question he's one of the MVP candidates in this early season."  --  Woodson. 
 
 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  Former Detroit Pistons bad boy  Bill Laimbeer , now the GM and head coach of the WNBA's New York Liberty, sat courtside. 
 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Tuesday @ Brooklyn, Thursday vs. Lakers, Saturday vs. Cleveland. For the Nuggets, Tuesday @ Detroit, Wednesday @ Minnesota, Friday vs. Memphis. 
