  Bulls-Spurs notebook   By Tim Price, for NBA.com Posted Thursday November 18, 2010 1:31AM THE FACTS:  Despite  Derrick Rose  scoring 33 points for the second night in a row, San Antonio's Big Three of  Tony Parker  (21 points),  Manu Ginobili  (20 points) and  Tim Duncan  (16 points and 18 rebounds) answered Rose enough that the Spurs are 9-1 for the first time in 29 years after they beat the Chicago Bulls 103-94 on Wednesday night at AT&T Center. QUOTABLE:  "Too many jump shots. We were passing back (outside) out of shots that we normally take and hit. If you have the open shot, take it."   -- Derrick Rose THE STAT:  Rose scored 33 on 15-for-27 shooting, but he could not get the rest of his teammates involved -- he had one assist until four minutes left in the game. The Bulls were subpar in getting the ball distributed; they had 17 assists on 39 baskets. The Spurs had just two more baskets (41), but seven more assists. Rose is averaging 9.2 assists, seventh best in the league. TURNING POINT:  Trailing by 10 heading into the second half, the Spurs forced Chicago into eight straight misses midway through the third quarter and led by 15 as the quarter ended. San Antonio shot 15-for-21 in the quarter and limited the Bulls to 6-for-23 (not counting Rose's 4-for-8, the Bulls went 2-for-15). San Antonio's last three opponents have not scored more than 14 points in the third quarter. Over the last five games, San Antonio has outscored the opposition 148-80 in the third quarter. QUOTABLE II:  "[Rose] is a great player. He's a handful. I think our overall team play in the second half got it done for us. I guess we were decent at [keeping Rose from involving his teammates]."   -- Spurs coach  Gregg Popovich . HOT:  Rose is tough to stop in the fourth quarter. He scored 13 points on 5-for-7 shooting in the fourth against the Spurs. He scored 17 in the fourth quarter on Tuesday in Houston. NOT:   Taj Gibson  went 0-of-7 and is 1-for-16 the past two nights. Most of the times he launched one against the Spurs came when defenders sagged off him and he couldn't find someone to pass to. Prior to coming to Texas, he was shooting 60 percent (50-for-83) for the season. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Rose only filled up one category on the stat sheet -- albeit an important one -- but Duncan made an impact in three. Maybe it's time to put him back on the roster because his 16 points snapped an unprecedented streak of three games where he scored in single digits. He added 18 rebounds and five assists. INSIDE THE ARENA:   Eva Longoria  was not. The apparently headed-to-divorce-court wife of Parker has not been in her usual seat in Section 24 across the floor from the Spurs' bench all season. Now we know why. St. Louis Cardinals slugger  Albert Pujols  made up for the otherwise lack of star power by attending the game. GOOD MOVE:  The Spurs' run to start the second half came with  Matt Bonner  on the floor at center rather than starter  DeJuan Blair . It spread the floor for San Antonio, which outscored Chicago 37-12 in the third quarter. Bonner hit 2-for-3 shots including his only 3-pointer in the quarter. That's not much compared to Ginobili's 4-for-4 in the quarter, but the Bulls were aware Bonner hit all seven of his 3-pointers Sunday at Oklahoma City. BAD MOVE:  The Bulls were unable to find the energy from their bench that they did in the second quarter when  Omer Asik ,  Kyle Korver ,  Ronnie Brewer  and  C.J. Watson  were on the floor along with starter  Luol Deng . That combination led to an 18-6 run, including 13 straight points, that gave Chicago a 17-point lead with three minutes left before halftime. Having  Brian Scalabrine  play nine minutes in the fourth quarter (one shot, a 3-pointer, missed and one rebound with two fouls) didn't provide the same spark. ROOKIE WATCH:  Asik hit both of his shots Tuesday, but he went 1-for-4 against the Spurs and had three rebounds in 14 minutes. NOTABLE:  Ginobili was a perfect 26-for-26 from the free-throw line in the previous five games and made his first two against Chicago before missing two. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Friday @ Dallas, Tuesday @ Lakers, Wednesday @ Phoenix. For the Spurs, Friday @ Utah, Saturday vs. Cleveland, Monday vs. Orlando.  