
 Celtics-Pistons notebook   By Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday November 2, 2010 11:08PM THE FACTS:   Kevin Garnett  had 22 points and  Rajon Rondo  supplied 17 assists as the Boston Celtics rolled to an easy victory over the winless Detroit Pistons Tuesday night at The Palace. The Celtics, who also received 21 points from  Paul Pierce , led by as much as 23 points and never trailed. QUOTABLE:  "He's just playing a perfect floor game out there. I look at the stat sheet - 17 assists, no turnovers. He just knows the game, he knows the spots, he knows how to get guys the ball. He's just being a great floor general out there."    -- Pierce on Rondo's performance. THE STAT:  33-8. The Celtics' assist-to-turnover ratio spoke of how well they moved the ball. Rondo's 17 assists were four more than the entire Pistons team. He has 41 assists in the last two games and a league-leading 16.8 average. TURNING POINT:  With Pistons point guard  Rodney Stuckey  getting a rest, the Celtics went on a 10-2 run to start the second quarter. That gave Boston a 41-28 advantage and the Pistons never threatened again. Detroit was playing without backup point guard  Will Bynum  and starting guard  Richard Hamilton  and its lack of healthy ballhandlers led to poorly executed offensive sets and defensive breakdowns. QUOTABLE II:  "If you don't have nothing nice to say, then don't say it at all. When a fan starts to talk about me or one of my teammates, I will let him know, I will respond."    -- Pistons forward  Tayshaun Prince , who yelled at a heckling fan after getting taken out of the game during the fourth quarter. HOT:  Garnett has scored 46 points on 21-for-29 shooting over the last two games after scoring just 19 points combined during the Celtics' first two games. NOT:  It's 1999 all over again but the Pistons aren't in a partying mood. They are off to an 0-4 start for the first time since the 1999-2000 season. Their record for most losses to start the season is seven, which they've done twice (1980-81 and 1962-63). FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:   Charlie Villanueva  is putting up solid numbers off Detroit's bench. He's averaging 14.5 points and 4.8 rebounds. INSIDE THE ARENA:  There were a couple of dynamic Detroit rookies courtside, but  Greg Monroe  (0-for-6 from the field) wasn't one of them. Lions defensive tackle  Ndamukong Suh  sat near the Boston bench and running back  Jahvid Best  was right behind him. Safety  Louis Delmas , defensive end  Kyle Vanden Bosch  and center  Dominic Raiola  were also courtside. ROOKIE WATCH:  With  Shaquille O'Neal  out with a knee injury, Turkish rookie  Semih Erden  made his NBA debut for Boston. He had a modest two points and three rebounds in 15 minutes but coach  Doc Rivers  liked Erden's defense, which included two blocks. NOTABLE:  Rondo moved past  Sam Jones  into 13th place on the Celtics' all-time assists list. He has 2,211, two more than Jones collected. ...  Tracy McGrady  continues to struggle. He played eight scoreless minutes and has two points in 45 minutes for the Pistons. ... Boston made all 18 of its free throws. ... Pistons forward  Austin Daye  tied his career high with 16 points. UP NEXT:  For the Celtics, Wednesday vs. Bucks, Friday vs. Bulls, Friday, Sunday @ Oklahoma City. For the Pistons, Wednesday @ Hawks, Friday vs. Bobcats, Sunday vs. Warriors. 
