  Pacers-Nets Notebook   By Jake Appleman, for NBA.com Posted Sunday February 6, 2011 3:21PM THE FACTS:  Balance, savvy and athleticism all served the Pacers well in a 105-86 victory against the overmatched Nets.  Dahntay Jones  tallied a season-high 18 points for Indiana, while  Mike Dunleavy  pitched in 17. No Net scored over 13. QUOTABLE:  "That's what works for us."   -  Jones  on the interchangeability and teamwork of the Pacers THE STAT:  The Pacers finished with 42 points in the point, having their way with the Nets inside. TURNING POINT:   Danny Granger's  alley-oop conversion late in the first quarter extended the Indiana lead to 30-24. That bucket - followed by three more points before the end of the frame - established a trend of the Pacers building big leads that the Nets could not fully overcome. QUOTABLE II:  "It's nothing I'm doing, it's our guys, they understand how good they are. They understand how good they can be this year, right now. We have a good basketball team. It was a good day for us."   - Interim Pacers coach,  Frank Vogel FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  While  Roy Hibbert's  numbers (11 points, 3 rebounds) weren't gaudy, the big man looked mobile and strong down low. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Members of  Team Hype  wore Packers and Steelers clothing while throwing tee shirts into the crowd and  Mini Sly  donned a  Troy Polamalu  wig... Kim Kardashian  sat baseline courtside...Several Nets made their Super Bowl prediction on the Jumbotron. Only  Devin Harris , a Wisconsin native, picked the Packers... ROOKIE WATCH:  Aside from a nice chase-down block early in the game,  Derrick Favors  (2 points) struggled while  Paul George  (14 points, 6 rebounds) sparkled in reserve duty for the Pacers. NOTABLE:  Both Harris and  Brook Lopez  had to be subbed out due to early first quarter foul trouble... Josh McRoberts  and George wowed the crowd with acrobatic dunks...Dunleavy took two charges in the first half of the first quarter...The Pacers hit five of their first six 3-point attempts...Harris failed to make a field goal during the first half...The Pacers were called for an 8-second violation late in the third quarter... UP NEXT:  For the Pacers, Tuesday @ Miami, Wednesday vs. Charlotte, Friday vs. Minnesota. For the Nets, Wednesday vs. New Orleans, Friday @ Charlotte, Saturday vs. New York.  