  Notebook: Rockets 99, Warriors 96 Posted Saturday April 21, 2012 11:47PM By Matt Miller, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  With the pressure of controlling their destiny in the playoff race no longer weighing them down, the Houston Rockets avoided a second-half collapse for the first time in seven games. Courtney Lee  scored 12 of his team-high 20 points in the fourth quarter to help the Rockets snap their untimely six-game losing streak with a 99-96 victory over the short-handed Golden State Warriors on Saturday at Toyota Center.  Goran Dragic  added 18 points, seven assists and three steals for Houston (33-31), which must win its final two regular-season games and hope that Phoenix and Utah continue to lose to grab the Western Conference's final playoff spot. Rookie  Klay Thompson  paced Golden State (22-41), losers of eight consecutive games and 15 of 17 games overall, with 24 points on 9-for-19 shooting. Fellow rookie  Charles Jenkins  finished with 16 points, eight assists and five rebounds. QUOTABLE:  "It looked like we had nothing going well [during the losing streak]. ... We made mistakes that we never make. We were trying harder, but we were just getting deeper and deeper in the hole we dug. We needed this win so we could get that bad feeling off our backs, and then we can go play the [type of] game we needed [to play] 10 days ago."   -- Rockets forward  Luis Scola  on the relief that comes with ending Houston's longest losing streak of the season THE STAT:  The Rockets struggled to create separation between themselves and a gritty Golden State squad as they bricked 12 of their first 17 3-point attempts. But thanks to the scorching perimeter shooting of Lee, who drilled four of six attempts from long distance in the fourth quarter, Houston built its first double-digit fourth-quarter lead in seven games. The Rockets finished the game 10-for-26 (38.5 percent) from behind the arc. TURNING POINT:  The Warriors never led by more than one point, but they held a 69-68 advantage with 1:30 left in the third quarter. That's when the Rockets became red-hot from beyond the arc. Fueled by 6-for-8 shooting overall, including five made 3-pointers, during an 18-8 run, Houston surged to an 87-77 lead with 9:10 remaining in the fourth. QUOTABLE II:  "You have to give our guys credit, because we didn't come in here and lay down. We came in here to compete, and we defended and battled. Give [the Rockets] credit, too, for what they did down the stretch. They made plays that separated themselves."   -- Golden State coach  Mark Jackson BAD MOVE:  Failing to box out Houston's  Patrick Patterson  in the closing seconds may have cost the Warriors the victory. The second-year forward snatched a key offensive rebound with 29 seconds remaining before converting a putback layup that put Houston ahead by five with 7.2 seconds to play. QUOTABLE III:  "That was a huge play for us. ... That's two offensive rebounds. We got a fresh shot clock and were able to waste more time, and then he made a big play by tipping it in."   -- Courtney Lee on the importance of Patterson's offensive boards HOT:  Forward  Chase Budinger  has provided Houston with instant offense off the bench over his last three games, averaging 15.7 points on 52.9 percent (18-for-34) shooting overall, including 52.6 percent (10-for-19) shooting from 3-point range, and 4.0 rebounds during this period. NOT:  The Warriors'  Richard Jefferson  has struggled mightily with his shot over the last three games, connecting on only 31.8 percent of his field-goal attempts (7-for-22) in this span. GOOD MOVE:  For the second straight night, the young Warriors played with great composure and displayed why those accusing them of tanking are wrong. With four rookies in its starting five, Golden State simply lacked the talent and experience to avoid its eighth consecutive loss. NOTABLE:  The Warriors announced before the game that  Andrew Bogut  (fractured left ankle) and  Stephen Curry  (sprained right ankle) will undergo arthroscopic surgery next week. ... During his pregame meeting with the media, Houston coach  Kevin McHale  said  Kevin Martin 's chances of playing again this season are "getting slimmer and slimmer." ... Golden State guard  Nate Robinson  (strained right hamstring) missed his third consecutive game. He is listed as day-to-day. ... Thompson is making a strong push to receive All-Rookie honors, as the sharpshooter out of Washington State University has netted at least 24 points in five of the last six games. ... The Warriors would have a 95.9 percent chance of retaining their original first-round draft pick in 2012 if they lose their final three games and finish tied for the sixth-worst record in the NBA. The Utah Jazz will obtain that draft pick if Golden State does not wind up with a top-seven pick in next month's draft lottery. ... The Rockets snapped a four-game losing streak in games decided by four points or less. ... Houston has reached 100 points in 14 of its last 24 games. ... Golden State fell to 5-11 this season in games decided by three points or less and 3-11 against the Southwest Division. ... The Warriors are now 2-30 when trailing after three quarters. ... Golden State has lost eight consecutive meetings with the Rockets in Houston. The Warriors last won in Houston on Dec. 31, 2007. UP NEXT:  For the Warriors, Sunday @ Minnesota, Tuesday vs. New Orleans, Thursday vs. San Antonio. For the Rockets, Sunday @ Miami, Thursday vs. New Orleans.  