  Notebook: Raptors 94, Nets 73   By Adam Figman, for NBA.com Posted Sunday January 29, 2012 9:30PM THE FACTS:  Coming off two impressive road victories, the Nets returned to Newark, N.J. with a lifeless performance, squandering any momentum they had garnered with a 94-73 loss to a Raptors team competing without its leading scorer. As Toronto center  Andrea Bargnani  (left calf) watched from the sideline, the Raptors' backcourt stepped up, with  DeMar DeRozan  leading the way with a game-high 27 points. QUOTABLE:  "We didn't have any energy on either end of the floor, coming off of a trip where we went 2-1 on the road, and had so many positives. ... Unfortunately, we had bad offense and bad defense."  --  Nets head coach  Avery Johnson . THE STAT:  Field goal percentage. Toronto finished at 51.5 percent, while the Nets shot only only 27-for-74 (36.5 percent) from the field. TURNING POINT:  In the opening minutes of the third quarter, the Raptors turned a 5-point halftime advantage into a double-digit lead, which they maintained for the subsequent quarter and a half. QUOTABLE II:  "This is a new set of 10 for us. The first set we went 2-8, and the second set we went 5-5. This was a new set of 10 ? yes you take it one game at a time ? but if you play well, you can try to improve on your record. We didn't look like a team that wanted to take a step in that direction."  --  Johnson. HOT: Jerryd Bayless . Coming off a season-high 18 points in Friday night's tilt against the Nuggets, Bayless started for the first time this season against the Nets, scoring 17 points and grabbing 6 rebounds in the victory. NOT: DeShawn Stevenson . The Nets swingman didn't contribute a single point Sunday night, and despite a steady spot in the team's starting line, he hasn't scored in double figures since January 6. To make matters worse, the swingman left the game after banging his knee in the third quarter, though he did return. GOOD MOVE:  With Bargnani out, Raptors head coach  Dwane Casey  elected to start a smaller lineup, moving DeRozan to small forward and starting 6-foot-3 Jerryd Bayless at shooting guard. It worked. DeRozan and Bayless combined for 44 points, while no Nets big men made use of what should've been a golden opportunity to take full advantage of a thin Raptors frontline. NOTABLE:  Entering Sunday, the Nets were 5-0 when  Deron Williams  scores at least 24 points. He managed exactly 24 points, though that record dropped to 5-1. ... After missing three games with a sore left Achilles, Nets rookie  MarShon Brooks  returned to action, putting in 6 points in 22 minutes. ... Along with Bargnani, Raptors guard  Leandro Barbosa  (left ankle) was also sidelined for the night. UP NEXT:  For the Nets, Tuesday @ Indiana, Wednesday vs. Detroit, Friday vs. Minnesota. For the Raptors, Tuesday vs. Atlanta, Wednesday @ Boston, Friday, vs. Washington.  