Notebook: Warriors 112, Raptors 103 
 
 
 Geoff Lepper, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Dec 04, 2013 2:39 AM - Updated Wed Dec 04, 2013 2:39 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  The 18-point deficit at the start of the fourth quarter represented the largest deficit a Warriors franchise has had to overcome in the final period since Feb. 9, 1962, when Philadelphia outscored Boston 42-21 in the fourth to win 126-124. 
 
 THE LEAD: Stephen Curry  scored 27 points, 14 in the fourth quarter, with 10 assists and five steals as the Golden State Warriors roared back from 27 points down in the second half to beat the Toronto Raptors 112-103 Tuesday night. 
 
 Klay Thompson  added 22 points and seven assists and Golden State (11-8) outscored Toronto by a 42-15 count in the fourth quarter. It was the Warriors' biggest comeback win in more than a decade. 
 
 DeMar DeRozan  scored 26 points for the Raptors (6-11), who have lost nine straight times at Oracle Arena. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "It's surreal, you know. I knew we had it in us. It looked real dark there for a minute when we were down about 25, but that's the greatest comeback I've been a part of as the Warriors, in the regular season at least, and man, words can't explain it." 
 
 -- Klay Thompson 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Perhaps the most amazing number, on a night full of them, was no number at all. Toronto claimed exactly zero defensive rebounds in the fourth quarter. 
 
 TURNING POINT: Jermaine O'Neal  made a huge impact on the floor, playing almost the entire fourth quarter over  Andrew Bogut  en route to 11 points and a season-high-tying eight rebounds. But his halftime speech -- a fiery-yet-positive challenge for the Warriors to up their collective game -- was the pivot on which the Warriors turned after they had been slapped around 65-48 in the first half. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "Jermaine O'Neal gave one of the realest speeches I've ever heard. He said, 'We'll see what we're made of in the second half.' ...Honestly, that was what was our turning point. It wasn't in the fourth quarter. It wasn't in the third quarter. It was at halftime." 
 
 -- Klay Thompson 
 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "Jermaine did a lot of the talking. I pretty much wrapped it up with, 'Bring it in.' It was the best speech I ever gave." 
 
 -- Warriors coach  Mark Jackson 
 
 
 HOT:  The Warriors shot 13-for-19 in the fourth quarter, 8-for-11 on 3-pointers, as the Raptors lost any and all containment after holding the hosts to rather abysmal numbers through three periods -- especially the 4-for-18 mark beyond the arc. ...Thompson went 4-for-5, all 3-pointers, in the final quarter, and was 6-for-12 outside on the evening. ...Curry rained down 14 points and dished out five assists while taking over the fourth quarter, but no play drew a bigger response than his 3-pointer with 3:01 left in the game. After the ball was recycled off O'Neal's offensive rebound, Curry found himself open on the left wing. A gorgeous up-fake sent Steve Novak into the Raptors' bench while Curry reloaded and rattled home a trey to give the Warriors a 101-99 lead -- Golden State's first advantage since they were up 2-0 to start the game. 
 
 NOT: Kyle Lowry  simply killed the Warriors early, providing 15 points and eight assists through the first 32 minutes of action. But he was knocked woozy by a collision with Bogut late in the third quarter, and when he came back in the fourth, the after-effects could be clearly seen: 1-for-5 shooting, three fouls and a turnover against one assist. 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT : Raptors power forward  Amir Johnson  may have lost his starting spot to  Tyler Hansbrough , but he continued his incredible shooting at Oracle Arena. Johnson's 7-for-10 night from the floor -- good for 16 points to go along with 10 rebounds -- actually lowered his career mark in Oakland to 80.6 percent (29-for-36). 
 
 NOTABLE : All five Warriors starters reached double figures.  Harrison Barnes  led the frontcourt players with 19 points,  David Lee  had 18 (to go along with eight rebounds) and Bogut 10. ...  Rudy Gay , a perennial Warriors nightmare, had 18 points for Toronto, but just two in the fourth quarter. . . . Raptors center  Jonas Valanciunas  had six points in the game's first 5:02. He had only one other bucket the rest of the way. . . . Jackson said before the game that backup point guard  Toney Douglas  (stress reaction, left tibia) could return Friday when the Warriors open up their three-game road trip in Houston.  Andre Iguodala  (strained left hamstring) is likely not coming back until after Douglas, Jackson said. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Raptors, Friday @ Phoenix, Sunday @ Lakers, Tuesday vs. San Antonio. For the Warriors, Friday @ Houston, Saturday @ Memphis, Monday @ Charlotte. 
