Notebook: Sixers 100, Mavericks 98 
 
 
 Andy Jasner, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Nov 27, 2012 10:50 PM - Updated Wed Nov 28, 2012 8:28 AM 
 
 THE FACTS: Evan Turner  scored 22 points,  Thaddeus Young  contributed 20 points and the Philadelphia 76ers held on at the end for a dramatic 100-98 victory over the Dallas Mavericks Tuesday night at the Wells Fargo Center.  Jrue Holiday  scored 18 points and rookie  Maalik Wayns  had a career-high 10 for the Sixers, who improved to 9-6. 
 
 Chris Kaman  paced the Mavericks (7-8) with 20 points while  Elton Brand  and  Shawn Marion  had 17 apiece.  Vince Carter  added 15 points,  Darren Collison  had 12 and  O.J. Mayo  11 for Dallas, which lost its second game in a row. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "It was the second squad. Coach challenged the second squad to step up and make plays and they did. They got us the lead." 
 -- Sixers' Evan Turner on the bench 
 
 THE STAT:  After committing seven turnovers through three quarters, the Mavericks had eight in the fourth for a total of 15. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Mavericks got within 100-98 on Carter's layup with 17.4 seconds remaining. Mayo then had a chance to tie the game but missed the first free throw. He misfired on the second one on purpose and  Jae Crowder  even had a chance to win the game with a 3-pointer at the buzzer. That shot hit the backboard and rim before bouncing away. 
 
 HOT:  Turner was 8-for-12 and Holiday 7-for-13. For Dallas, Kaman knocked down nine of his 13 shots. 
 
 NOT:  Crowder was 1-for-5 and  Dominique Jones  was 0-for-5. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "He's a man's man and that's the ultimate compliment I can give to him. It's extremely hard coming back to a place you have played and play well because it's so emotional and all that. The way he played big and hit timely shots and gave us a physical presence was very impressive." 
 -- Mavericks coach  Rick Carlisle  on Elton Brand, who was playing his first game against his former team.	 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Holiday had 18 points, seven assists, three steals and one block.  
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  Even without the injured  Dirk Nowitzki , the Mavericks remain a big draw as evidenced by the crowd of 15,107 at the Wells Fargo Center. The fans were loud from the opening tip and stayed that way through the frenetic finish. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "They turned up their intensity. I was part of it last year when we used to do it time and again. It seemed like the game was in our favor for a while after that slow first quarter start. It was just hustle plays, being in the right spot at the right time." 
 -- Mavs' Elton Brand 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Sixers coach  Doug Collins  gave Wayns extended minutes -- a season-high 13:17 -- and the rookie delivered with some much-needed energy off the bench. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Kaman probably could have seen the ball more down the stretch. He only missed four shots all night and seemed to have a good rhythm from the beginning of the game. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Crowder had two points and four rebounds in 24:02 while center  Bernard James  didn't play. For the Sixers, Wayns was stellar with 10 points while forward  Arnett Moultrie  had a DNP-CD. 
 
 NOTABLE:  The Sixers had a season-high tying 32 free throws. They were averaging 18.6 per game entering this game. ... Turner had his second 20-point game over the past three. He has also scored in double figures in each of the past seven games. ... Brand had a season-high 17 points after not scoring more than 11 in any other game. ... The Sixers committed 17 turnovers, leading to 28 Dallas points. "I don't know if I've ever coached our team where we've ever had 28 points off turnovers where we've won the game, so that was a plus to be able to do that," Collins said. ...  Jason Richardson  and  Kwame Brown  led the Sixers in rebounding with eight each. 
 
 NEXT:  For the Mavericks, Wednesday @ Chicago, Saturday vs. Detroit, Dec. 5 @ L.A. Clippers. For the Sixers, Friday @ Charlotte, Saturday @ Chicago, Dec. 4 vs. Minnesota. 
