Notebook: Wolves 96, Pacers 94 
 
 
 Jim Beilby, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Nov 09, 2012 11:40 PM - Updated Fri Nov 09, 2012 11:40 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:  With both teams missing key players, the Indiana Pacers and the Minnesota Timberwolves needed their benches to step up.  And Minnesota's bench did exactly that as the Timberwolves improved to 4-1, defeating the Pacers 96-94 on Friday.   Chase Budinger  led Minnesota with 18 points, none more important than a layup with 0.8 seconds to play that gave Minnesota the victory.    George Hill  led the Pacers with 29 points, including a big step-back 3-pointer with 3.8 seconds to play to tie the score at 94.   David West  also had a strong game for the Pacers, scoring 19 and grabbing 13 rebounds. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "You have to give  Andrei  [ Kirilenko ] credit [on that last play] because he was really patient when he got it and he didn't throw up a quick shot.  Chase got an unbelievable cut from the 3-point line. . . After  Nikola  [ Pekovic 's] miss, we were holding our breath that he could just finish the play.  It was a great win for us." 
 -- Minnesota coach  Rick Adelman 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Minnesota's bench scored 48 points, a number that matched the output of their starters.  Minnesota also shot 50 percent from the floor and outrebounded the top-ranked rebounding team in the league 44-43. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Minnesota led by two points 86-84 with a little over three minutes in the game when rookie  Alexey Shved  took an ill-advised 3-pointer with plenty of time left on the clock, allowing Indiana to tie the game on the next possession.  But Shved redeemed himself, scoring on a nice driving layup the next possession and then, immediately after that, another layup on a stolen inbound pass.  Minnesota looked to have the game in hand, up by three with the ball, with less than 30 seconds to play.  However, after a missed wide-open layup by Pekovic and a clutch 3-pointer by Hill, Minnesota needed a great backcut by Budinger and a perfect pass by Kirilenko to secure the win. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "Our margin of error is very small when you have young and inexperienced players in there at crunch time.  We have lost a couple games because of it and we have to overcome it.  With losing  Danny Granger , we have to find that replacement for him in crunch time to finish those games." 
 -- Indiana coach  Frank Vogel 
 
 
 NOTABLE:    Brandon Roy  played 15 minutes in the first half, but did not come out of the locker room after half due to a sore right knee.  With Budinger leading Minnesota in scoring, the Wolves have had five different players lead the team in scoring in their first five games. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Wolves, Saturday @ Chicago, Monday @ Dallas, Wednesday vs. Charlotte.  For the Pacers, Saturday vs. Washington, Tuesday vs. Toronto, Wednesday @ Milwaukee. 
