Notebook: Pacers 96, Wizards 89 
 
 
 Rich Dubroff, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Mon Nov 19, 2012 11:19 PM - Updated Mon Nov 19, 2012 11:19 PM 
 
 THE FACTS: David West  scored 13 of his season-high 30 points in the fourth quarter and  Roy Hibbert  had a season-high 20 points and 12 rebounds to lead the Indiana Pacers over the winless Washington Wizards 96-89 on Monday night.  
 The Pacers led for nearly the entire game, had a 20-point lead with about five minutes to play in the third quarter and almost blew it. They hung on for the win. 
 
 Bradley Beal  had 17 of his 18 points in the second half to lead the Wizards, who have started the season 0-9. Last season, they began 0-8. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I just want to be aggressive...I've been playing like some crap, and I'm sick and tired of it. It's time for a change." -- Hibbert on his scoring outburst. 
 
 THE STAT:  Indiana outrebounded Washington 46-36. The Pacers, who lead the NBA in rebounding, had more than their opponents for the 10th time in 12 games. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  After the Wizards'  Chris Singleton  failed to convert on a 3-point play that would have tied the score at 86, West hit three jumpers and Hibbert a hook to secure the win. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:   "I believe, these guys can win. I don't have any doubts of it. I come in here every day thinking 'this is the night, I feel good.' I might be dumb, but I believe in them, I really do. "-- Washington coach  Randy Wittman  on his team's continuing losses. 
 
 HOT:  West and Hibbert hit a combined 18-for-24 from the field. 
 
 NOT:  The five Wizards starters:  Trevor Ariza, Jan Vesely, Emeka Okafor,   Jordan Crawford  and  A.J. Price  combined to go 8-for-37 from the field. 
 
 GOOD MOVE : Indiana coach  Frank Vogel  called Hibbert Sunday night at 11:30 p.m. to encourage him. "He told me he was going to have a big night," Vogel said. He promised e 20 and 10, and he delivered. He delivered with 20 and 12."  
 
 BAD MOVE:  Wittman starting the group that quickly put the team in a 26-7 hole. His second unit played much better/  
 
 NOTABLE : Hibbert had a great game on the court where he starred for Georgetown. "I said to myself after last night's game that it's going to be a perfect scenario. I'm going to have a good game, and it's going to be on my home court from college," Hibbert said.  
 
 IN THE ARENA:  Hibbert's parents sat near the Pacers' bench loudly encouraging him. Pacers' PR Director  David Bennner  suggested to Hibbert that he take the money from his recently signed contract extension and use it to fly his parents to all his games. "I think he would been in trouble if he played soft," Vogel said.  
 
 UP   NEXT:  For the Pacers: Wednesday vs. Hornets, Friday vs. Spurs, Sunday @ Lakers. For the Wizards: Wednesday @ Hawks, Saturday vs. Bobcats, Monday vs. Spurs         
