  Hawks-Nets notebook   By Matt Winkeljohn, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday December 7, 2010 10:50PM THE FACTS:   Josh Smith  scored a season-high 34 points,  Jamal Crawford  added a season-high 26, and the Hawks won for the seventh time in eight games Tuesday night when they beat the visiting Nets 116-101.  Atlanta moved to 4-1 without All-Star guard  Joe Johnson  (elbow surgery), and Smith's move to small forward seemed to agree with him as he made 14 of 16 shots and both of his 3-pointers.  Al Horford  scored 24 points and grabbed a game-high 10 rebounds working mostly in Smith's usual power forward spot. The Nets lost their fifth straight game. New Jersey had five players in double figures, led by  Brook Lopez' s 24 points, but the Nets' defense was poor as Atlanta made a whopping 47 of 78 shots (60.3 percent), and the Hawks registered a season-high 34 assists. Their previous season high was 33, coming in the first game without Johnson, a win over Memphis last Wednesday. Atlanta played four games in five days, losing only Saturday at Miami. QUOTABLE:  "We were moving the basketball. We didn't want to have a letdown after going into a hostile environment and ... getting a win [Monday at Orlando]. That wouldn't have meant anything if we didn't win. When we're unselfish like that, it just converts to us being able to help each other that much more." --  Josh Smith , on completing the back-to-back with two victories. THE STAT:  2-0. Atlanta is 2-0 since coach  Larry Drew  sent  Maurice Evans  -- Johnson's initial replacement in the starting lineup -- to the bench, moved Horford from center to power forward, Smith from power forward to small forward,  Marvin Williams  from small forward to shooting guard and moved  Jason Collins  in as the starting center. The Hawks also won at Orlando Monday with this starting lineup. TURNING POINT:  The Nets led 38-31 before Atlanta closed the first half with a 29-9 run over the final 7:09 of the second quarter. New Jersey drew as close as 102-97 on  Anthony Morrow 's 3-pointer with 3:24 left in the game, but Horford scored eight points and grabbed four rebounds after that as the Hawks outscored the Nets 12-4 to end the contest. QUOTABLE II:  "They beat us in Jersey (last month), and we didn't forget that. We gave up good shots for great shots. It could be a different guy every night for all we care, as long as we do it together, we're all pulling for that one person." --  Jamal Crawford , who made 11 of 17 shots and was one of eight Atlanta players to make at least half his shots. HOT:  Smith, whose fleeting love of the 3-point shot occasionally irritated former coach  Mike Woodson , made both his trey tries Tuesday, and has hit 6-of-9 over the past four games. ... Nets guard  Jordan Farmar  scored 16 points to keep alive quite a streak off the bench. He's averaging 18.6 points over the past five games on 35-of-71 shooting. That includes 15-of-29 3-pointers, and he's averaged 5.6 assists in that span. ...  Mike Bibby  remains the NBA's hottest 3-point shooter after making 2-of-4 Tuesday. He's made 19-of-29 (65.5 percent) over the past seven games, and 34-of-47 (72.3 percent) over the past 12. Bibby's shooting 53.8 percent from distance, compared to 42.9 percent from the field. NOT:  Evans, who started the first three games for the Hawks after Johnson went down with elbow surgery, missed all three of his shots Tuesday, and over the past four games has made just 3-of-20 shots, and 1-of-9 3-pointers. ... Lopez has played as well or better offensively recently than at any time in his career, but his defensive rotations are sometimes slow. Also, at the end of the first quarter, when Atlanta center  Zaza Pachulia  missed two free throws, Lopez stood flat-footed off the left side of the goal as Pachulia shot down the lane after the second miss. He grabbed the rebound in front of Lopez, and scored a layup. Lopez's rebounding totals (five Tuesday, 6.1 for the season) are not what coach  Avery Johnson  would like to see, either. . . . Atlanta's  Marvin Williams  has made just 5-of-21 shots, including 1-of-8 three pointers, over the past three games. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  If Farmar is available in your league, consider him as a pickup. He's not only the backup point guard to  Devin Harris , but coach Avery Johnson is playing them together at times. GOOD MOVE:  Drew's decision to start Collins at center to fight size with size against New Jersey's Lopez didn't work well at first. Matters didn't improve much when Pachulia worked against him, either, as Lopez scored 15 points in the first quarter and a half. So Drew subbed in rarely-used center  Etan Thomas  with 3:10 left in the second quarter -- keeping Horford at power forward rather than moving him back to his standard position at center. The wide-shouldered Thomas helped hold Lopez scoreless from that point up to halftime. With Thomas on the floor, the Hawks outscored the Nets 15-3 and he scored three points with two rebounds. He's played in two consecutive games, and in just three games this season. The first two were against Orlando. ROOKIE WATCH:  Playing time has been sort of scarce recently for New Jersey forward  Derrick Favors , but he scratched out a solid if unspectacular 23:59 Tuesday in his hometown. Favors is extremely athletic for a 6-foot-10 post player, but at times he looks like the youngest player in the NBA -- which he is after turning 19 on July 15. Favors grabbed five rebounds and blocked a shot, but on offense he tended to roam around as if without a plan. He made a dunk and 2-of-4 free throws. NOTABLE:  Atlanta's 116 points were the Hawks' second-most of the season. They won 119-104 at Memphis to start the season. UP NEXT:  For the Nets, Thursday @ Mavericks, Sunday vs. Lakers, Tuesday vs. 76ers. For the Hawks, Friday @ Spurs, Saturday vs. Pacers, Tuesday @ Pistons.  