  Notebook: Pacers 111, Sixers 94 Posted Wednesday March 14, 2012 11:01PM By Conrad Brunner, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  In need of a victory over a quality opponent, something that has been rare for Indiana of late, the Pacers shredded Philadelphia's top-ranked defense and dominated the 76ers' vaunted bench in rolling to a 111-94 rout before 13,081 Wednesday at Bankers Life Fieldhouse. It snapped an eight-game losing streak against teams with winning records for the Pacers (25-16), who got 20 points from  Danny Granger,  18 from  David West  and 17 off the bench from  George Hill . Indiana shot a season-high 57 percent, committed just eight turnovers and enjoyed a 47-24 advantage in bench points against the NBA's top-scoring second unit. The Sixers (25-18) had a three-game win streak snapped despite a combined 38 points on 16-of-19 shooting from guards  Evan Turner  and  Jrue Holiday . The Sixers entered the game ranked No. 1 in the NBA in scoring defense (87.3) and field goal defense (.414) but had no answers for the Pacers, whose point total was the highest against them this season. QUOTABLE:  "I'm very proud of our guys for rising to the challenge and stepping up in a big game. We limited them in transition, which was the key to the game. Tonight we probably had our best offensive game of the year, shooting 56 percent with seven turnovers. Just a strong effort."   -- Indiana Coach  Frank Vogel THE STAT:  Indiana tied a franchise record by committing just eight personal fouls, three after the first quarter. The mark had previously been established against New Jersey on Nov. 3, 1984. The Pacers average 21.8 fouls per game and their previous  season low had been 13. TURNING POINT:  The game was tight for most of the first three quarters, but Hill and  Dahntay Jones  closed the third with back-to-back 3-pointers to give Indiana an 83-75 lead. Philadelphia closed to 95-88 midway through the fourth but Hill answered with consecutive 3-pointers to push the lead to 15 with 4:11 remaining. QUOTABLE II:  "I think we've done a great job regrouping after our bad streak last week. We've been a lot more focused in practice and on the bench and it feels great to give an extra lift to the starters, as they are waiting to come back off the bench."   -- Indiana's  Tyler Hansbrough HOT:  In consecutive victories over Portland and Philadelphia, Indiana has gotten 91 points from its second unit, including 47 tonight. ... Hill and Hansbrough, who scored 14, combined to make 13 of 19 shots. ... Indiana forwards Granger and West combined to shot 16 of 25. .... Turner was 9-of-11, Holiday 7-of-8 and  Elton Brand  8-of-13. NOT:   Lou Williams , the Sixers' leading scorer, never got untracked, going 3-of-11 from the field for just seven points. QUOTABLE III:  "They played great. They're a great basketball team and I thought this was our poorest defensive game all season. I don't thing we had any answer for them defensively.  George Hill  was great tonight. He's such a terrific addition to this team because he gives them a good defender off the bench. I just don't think we had a presence in tonight's game."   -- Sixers Coach  Doug Collins GOOD MOVE:  Vogel has tweaked his bench rotations, keeping either West or Granger -- sometimes both -- on the floor with the reserves, and it has worked wonders for the Pacers. The second unit got them back in the game with a 16-7 run in the second quarter and stretched the lead from one to 13 in the minutes bridging the third and fourth periods. BAD MOVE:  The Sixers may struggle for rotation rhythm while  Spencer Hawes  works himself back into shape. Limited to no more than five minutes at a stretch in his first game back after missing 17 with a strained left Achilles, Hawes was in and out constantly, which had to be a disruption to unit cohesion and chemistry. He totaled six points, two rebounds and five fouls in 20 minutes. NOTABLE:  The Pacers' last victory over an opponent with a winning record had been Feb. 7 against Utah. ... The Sixers dropped to 0-7 when they allow at least 100 points. ... Replay review by the officials wiped away a layup by Hill at the end of the first quarter. ... Philly's medical staff wants Hawes limited to five minutes per quarter, and he will not be able to play in back-to-back games for at least 10 days. ... Tonight's ESPN game was the first on a national network partner for the Pacers this season. ...  Jeff Foster  missed his sixth consecutive game and 30th of the season with a sore lower back. UP NEXT:  For the Pacers, Friday @ New York, Saturday vs. New York, Tuesday vs. L.A. Clippers. For the Sixers, Friday vs. Miami, Saturday @ Chicago, Monday @ Charlotte.  