  Celtics-Nets notebook   By Jake Appleman, for NBA.com Posted Sunday December 5, 2010 4:41PM THE FACTS:  The Boston Celtics ran roughshod over the New Jersey Nets in an afternoon matinee at the Prudential Center. Filling in for  Rajon Rondo  (hamstring injury),  Nate Robinson  led the Celtics with 21 points and finished the afternoon with a +29.  Jordan Farmar  (16 points, four rebounds, two assists) was the lone bright spot -- if you can say that -- in an otherwise miserable afternoon for the Nets. QUOTABLE:  "Enjoy your Sunday afternoon." -  Paul Pierce, on his way out the door following the 25-point win, to anyone in the assembled media horde that would listen THE STAT:  The Celtics outscored the Nets 30-12 in the second quarter. TURNING POINT:  A tip-in from  Damion James  brought the Nets within 27-25 at the first-quarter buzzer before the Celtics ran off a 21-2 run to start the second frame. QUOTABLE II:  "I thought our second unit in the second quarter changed the whole game." -  Celtics coach  Doc Rivers HOT:  "Shrek" (Robinson) and "Donkey" ( Glen Davis ), as they were known during The Finals, combined for 37 points, 15 rebounds and eight assists. NOT:   Brook Lopez  (five points, six rebounds, two assists) and  Devin Harris  (seven points, three assists, two rebounds) struggled. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:   Kevin Garnett  (13 points, 14 rebounds, four assists, 5-8 from the floor) was economical from the field and tenacious on the glass. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Nuttin' But Stringz from Union Township in New Jersey played an acoustic rendition of the national anthem ... Celtic green was sprinkled throughout the arena, and cheers were often heard when the Celtics scored, especially early in the game ... The Nets Kids dance team performed with 6:26 left on the clock in the first quarter. They re-enacted a jig that was famously seen in the movie  House Party , starring rap group  Kid N' Play  ... ESPN personality  Linda Cohn  sat courtside ... Musician  Sean Paul  urged Nets fans to make some noise on the Jumbotron ROOKIE WATCH:   Derrick Favors  (10 points, two rebounds, four turnovers) and James (six points, 2-10 from the field, three assists, four rebounds) both saw a lot of court time while  Semi Erden  (four points, six rebounds) was featured at times for the Celtics and  Luke Harangody  (zero points, two rebounds, one steal) saw action during the fourth quarter. NOTABLE:   Travis Outlaw  (0-7 from the field for the game) was the only starter that failed to score in the first quarter ... Farmar cut the Celtics lead to 33-27 after James missed a crosscourt alley-oop conversion off of a long feed from Harris ... The Celtics went on a 21-2 run to start the second quarter, before  Troy Murphy  nailed a baseline jumper ... Glen Davis drained a long jumper from the wing just before halftime to put the Celtics up 57-37 at the intermission ...  Shaquille O'Neal  (three points, four rebounds, 11 minutes) did not return to action in the second half due to a sore right calf. "We needed those minutes," Celtics coach Doc Rivers said of Shaq's performance ... The game featured an inordinate number of caught deflections ... The Celtics went up 86-56 on a pair of free throws from  Von Wafer  ... The two Nets (Favors,  Anthony Morrow ) that played at Georgia Tech each finished with 10 points and five fouls. UP NEXT:  For the Celtics, Wednesday @ Denver, Thursday vs. Philadelphia, Saturday @ Charlotte. For the Nets, Tuesday @ Atlanta, Thursday @ Dallas, Sunday vs. LA Lakers.  