Notebook: Pacers 106, Kings 98 
 
 
 Conrad Brunner, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Nov 03, 2012 11:11 PM - Updated Sat Nov 03, 2012 11:55 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:  Until the offense comes around, Indiana must rely on defense. The Pacers held Sacramento to seven points on 3-of-19 shooting in two overtime periods and finally made some plays in the final three minutes to pull out a 106-98 victory Saturday before 18,165 at Bankers Life Fieldhouse.  David West  (18 points, 18 rebounds),  Paul George  (16 points, 17 rebounds) and  Roy Hibbert  (12 points, 10 rebounds) all had double-doubles for the Pacers, while  George Hill  scored 18, including the first two buckets of the second overtime to put Indiana ahead to stay.  Marcus Thornton  came off the bench to score 26 for the Kings, while  DeMarcus Cousins  had 21 points and 13 rebounds. 
 
 QUOTABLE:   "Certainly not the prettiest game in the world but happy to come out with the W. Like early last year, our defense is carrying us." --  Pacers head coach  Frank Vogel . 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Pacers have held all three opponents this season to less than 40 percent shooting, including the Kings at .363. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  After coming up empty with the chance to win on the final possessions of regulation and the first overtime, the Pacers got a quick boost from Hill, who posted up  Aaron Brooks  and then drove for a goal-tended bucket to build a 100-96 lead with 1:44 remaining. The Kings got nothing out of their next two possessions and George hit a step-back jumper for a 102-96 lead with 32.9 remaining. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We're just now playing with each other. George (Hill) sat out the whole preseason. It's new for  Gerald (Green) . It's new for  D.J. (Augustin) . Hopefully it's just early in the year and we'll get down to executing." 
--  George. 
 
 
 HOT:  The fill-in starter during  Danny Granger's  absence due to lingering knee pain, Green shook off rough starts in his first two games and scored 17 points in 24 minutes, hitting 6-of-9 from the field. 
 
 NOT:  Cousins jacked up 27 shots in 42 minutes, making just nine. Indiana's reserves combined to shoot 7-of-26.  
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  IndyCar driver  Ed Carpenter  had a front-row seat. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:   Though Green had given the Kings problems earlier in the game, Vogel went with  Lance Stephenson  for the fourth quarter and both overtime periods and the young guard played solid defense against Thornton while contributing a 3-pointer to open the first overtime session. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  With the Kings down by six and 32 seconds left, Sacramento -- in obvious need of a 3-pointer -- went inside to Cousins, whose two-point bucket left a four-point deficit. With a foul to give, the Kings then let 15 seconds run off the clock before taking a foul. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Thomas Robinson  had his best game thus far for the Kings, scoring nine points on 3-of-6 shooting in nearly 12 minutes off the bench. Neither of the Pacers' draft picks,  Miles Plumlee  nor  Orlando Johnson , got off the bench. 
 
 NOTABLE:  The Pacers won their third straight home opener and snapped a two-game losing streak to the Kings. ... George's 17 rebounds were a career-high. ... After being outrebounded 17-10 in the first quarter, the Pacers dominated the board 57-30 the rest of the night. ... Indiana committed 24 turnovers, bringing its three-game total to 62. ... Stephenson made his fourth 3-pointer of the season, matching his previous career total.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Pacers, Monday @ San Antonio, Wednesday @ Atlanta, Friday vs. Minnesota. For the Kings, Monday vs. Golden State, Wednesday vs. Detroit, Friday vs. San Antonio. 
