  Notebook: Celtics 94, Pacers 87   By Brian Robb, for NBA.com Posted Friday January 27, 2012 11:55PM THE FACTS: Paul Pierce  nearly finished with a triple-double, as the shorthanded Boston Celtics pushed their winning streak to four games with a 94-87 victory over the Indiana Pacers. Boston's All-Star small forward finished with 28 points, 10 rebounds and eight assists, setting the tone for the C's as they returned to the .500 mark without the services of  Rajon Rondo, Ray Allen  and  Jermaine O'Neal . All three regular starters missed the game due to injury, but the healthy portion of the roster rose to the challenge in their absence. Boston clamped down on the Pacers on the defensive end as Indiana shot just 35 percent from the field, and hit only 1-of-19 from 3-point range.  Danny Granger  chipped in with team-high 21 points for the visitors, who now lead the Celtics 2-1 in the season series. QUOTABLE:  "Give credit to  Doc Rivers  to continue to show that he is one of the best coaches in the NBA. He continues to remake his team's identity in light of all the injuries they have. Hats off to Paul Pierce, he turned back the clock, obviously playing like one of the best players in the league again, carrying the load for them. They deserved to win tonight."  --  Indiana coach  Frank Vogel. THE STAT:  During the team's first two meetings this season (both Pacer wins), Indiana averaged 17.5 offensive rebounds. Friday night Boston reversed the trend and did a terrific job on the defensive glass, limiting the Pacers to just 10 offensive boards, despite 52 missed shots. TURNING POINT:  The Celtics' broke open a 46-46 game early in the third quarter with a 11-0 run, keyed by six points from Pierce. After the outburst Boston remained in command, leading by no fewer than seven points over the rest of the contest. QUOTABLE II:  ""It's a huge win, especially after the back to back. I'm proud with the way stepped up tonight and really got the job done. The win last night probably wouldn't have meant as much if we didn't get the win today."  --  Pierce. HOT: Chris Wilcox  -- The C's offseason acquisition finally is beginning to look comfortable on the offensive end for the Green. In his second game back since returning from a calf injury, Wilcox was a force in the interior, hitting six of his eight shots to finish with a season-high 14 points and six rebounds. NOT: George Hill  -- The normally reliable Indiana bench combined for just 17 points on the night and Hill's struggles were a big reason why. The former Spur couldn't find his range all night, missing seven of eight shots, including all four of his attempts from downtown. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Pierce -- The veteran has been on a tear during the team's four-game winning streak. The C's captain has posted 26.3 points, 7.3 rebounds, and 8.8 assists, over the impressive stretch. ROOKIE WATCH: E'Twaun Moore  continued to build off of his breakout performance from Thursday night in Orlando. After finishing with 14 points against the Magic, Moore provided solid play on both ends of the floor against the Pacers, finishing with four points in 15 minutes. NOTABLE: Roy Hibbert  left the game in the second quarter with a mild right ankle sprain. He returned to action in the third quarter, but finished with just 11 points and seven rebounds, both below his season average.  Jeff Foster  was with the team but did not play with a lower back injury He hopes to return to action early next week for Indiana. Rivers expects Allen and O'Neal to be back in action for Sunday's game against Cleveland. "Sunday we'll have more guys back. I don't which ones, but sounds like everyone is really close." Rivers said.  Keyon Dooling  also missed the game with a hip pointer. The reserve guard suffered the injury Thursday night against Orlando. Indiana finished 30-of-31 from the free throw line. Boston led by as many as 16 points. Indiana finished with just four assists in the first half. Boston improved to 3-0 this week without Allen. UP NEXT:  For the Pacers, Sunday @ Orlando, Tuesday vs. New Jersey, Wednesday @ Minnesota. For the Celtics, Sunday vs. Cleveland, Tuesday @ Cleveland, Wednesday vs. Toronto.  