Notebook: Heat 110, Mavericks 95 
 
 
 Dave Ivey, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Dec 21, 2012 12:58 AM - Updated Fri Dec 21, 2012 12:58 AM 
 
 THE FACTS:   LeBron James  and the Heat's Big Three had a big night in Big D on Thursday, thumping the slumping Mavericks with a 110-95 victory at the American Airlines Center in a rematch of the 2011 NBA Finals. Miami (17-6) has won three straight and Dallas (12-14) has dropped four of five. 
 James delivered 25 points, nine rebounds and five assists and has scored at least 20 points in all 23 games.  Dwyane Wade  had 19 points and  Chris Bosh  added 17 for the Heat, who shot 53.8 percent from the field, sank 10 3-pointers and led by as many as 36 points. 
 Six players scored in double figures for the Mavericks, led by rookie  Jae Crowder  with 15 off the bench. Dallas was just 3-for-22 from 3-point distance and shot 38.5 percent overall. Two bright spots for the Mavericks: They committed only nine turnovers and they still have their 2011 championship banner hanging from the rafters. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I wish I had a magic pill or speech for the team, but that wasn't [it]. This has been building for more than just the last few games. It's been building over the last few weeks or so." 
 -- Heat coach  Erik Spoelstra 
 
 
 THE STAT:  When Miami shoots at least 50 percent from the field, the team is 12-0 this season and has won 30 straight dating back to last season.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  A lineup of five Mavericks bench players scratched and clawed to trim Miami's lead to 36-33 in the second quarter. The Heat quickly silenced the threat with an 11-2 run, including back-to-back layups by Wade and Bosh and a 3-pointer by  Shane Battier . Dallas never got within single digits again. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "They were playing us tough all night. They were making tough shots when we weren't, then we had more poor breakdowns as the game went on. It was very disappointing how we played, but we'll have to forget it quickly because we have another tough one tomorrow [in Memphis]." 
 -- Mavericks coach  Rick Carlisle 
 
 
 HOT:  James made his first six shots en route to a season-high 13 first-quarter points, adding four boards, three assists and a blocked shot in the quarter for good measure. 
 
 NOT:  O.J. Mayo  had his worst performance as a Maverick, tallying eight points on 3-for-14 shooting. The league leader in 3-point shooting entering the game at 51.9 percent, Mayo missed all five of his attempts from behind the arc against Miami. 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Wade was a staggering plus-40 in 26 minutes, matching his career high. He had a team-high six assists and five rebounds. 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  Country music artist  Darius Rucker , former lead singer of the band  Hootie & The Blowfish , sang the national anthem. ... Heisman Trophy-winning quarterback  Johnny Manziel  of Texas A&M had courtside seats. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Pressed into duty because of injuries, Mavericks forward  Bernard James  delivered a season-high 12 points, nine rebounds and three blocked shots. He provided one of the rare highlights for the home team midway through the third quarter when he hustled to block a fast-break dunk attempt by Udonis Haslem. 
 
 NOTABLE:  The short-handed Mavericks played without  Derek Fisher  (right knee strain),  Elton Brand  (right groin strain) and  Brandan Wright  (right ankle sprain). Recovering from offseason knee surgery,  Dirk Nowitzki  participated in his first practice on Wednesday and isn't expected back for at least another week. ...  Shawn Marion  was the lone Mavericks player in uniform who played in the 2011 NBA Finals against the Heat. ... Dallas used its 12th different starting lineup. ... It was the Mavs' first loss in seven home games against Eastern Conference opponents. ... Miami is 14-2 when scoring 100 or more points. ...  Mike Miller  needs seven points to reach 10,000. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Mavericks, Friday @ Memphis, Sunday @ San Antonio, Thursday @ Oklahoma City. For the Heat, Saturday vs. Utah, Tuesday vs. Oklahoma City, Wednesday @ Charlotte. 
