  Warriors-Blazers notebook   By Kerry Eggers, for NBA.com Posted Sunday December 19, 2010 1:20AM THE FACTS: Monta Ellis'  18-foot jump shot bounced off the rim as the horn sounded, giving the Trail Blazers a 96-95 victory over Golden State Saturday night at the Rose Garden. The Warriors had fought back from a 15-point fourth-quarter deficit. Six players scored in double figures, including all five starters, for Portland, which had only nine available players. QUOTABLE: "I've needed a little help to get to sleep at night. Ambien has been a friend the last week."   - Coach  Nate McMillan , on the flurry of injuries that have ravaged the Portland roster. THE STAT:  It was the most balanced scoresheet of the year for the Blazers, who had six players score between 12 and 17 points.  LaMarcus Aldridge  and  Andre Miller  led the way with 17 apiece. TURNING POINT:  With Portland ahead 92-89 inside three minutes to go, Andre Miller drove the lane, was bumped and threw up a shot that pinballed in. He made the free throw to give the Blazers a 95-89 lead, just enough cushion to get the victory. QUOTABLE II:  "It comes down to one play. Amazing how you play almost 48 minutes and it comes down to eight seconds. We needed to make a stop, and we did."    - McMillan, on the dramatic finish. HOT:  Little-used  Sean Marks  scored on a follow dunk and knocked down back-to-back 20-footers from the top of the circle. He finished with six points and five rebounds in 16 minutes. NOT : Ellis scored five points on 2-for-9 shooting in the first half as the Warriors fell behind 51-42. Ellis came on for 21 points in the second half, however. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Miller had another all-around performance with 17 points, eight assists, four steals and three rebounds while committing no turnovers in 28 minutes. GOOD MOVE : With few bodies which to turn, McMillan started 6-7  Dante Cunningham  at power forward. Cunningham hit 5 of 6 shots in the first half and finished with 13 points, one shy of his career high. BAD MOVE:  Ellis kept going to the basket and kept getting picked. He had seven turnovers in his 35 minutes. ROOKIE WATCH : Recalled from the D-League on Saturday morning, forward  Luke Babbitt  missed his first four shots but converted a three-point play off an offensive rebound in the fourth quarter. NOTABLE:   Brandon Roy  (knee),  Marcus Camby  (shoulder),  Nicolas Batum  (shoulder) and  Joel Przybilla  (ankle) all sat out the game for the Blazers. UP NEXT:  For the Blazers, vs. Milwaukee Monday, @ Golden State Saturday. For the Warriors, vs. Houston Monday, vs. Sacramento Wednesday, vs. Portland, Saturday.  