Notebook: Bobcats 106, Knicks 95 
 
 
 Derek S. Smith, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Mon Apr 15, 2013 10:36 PM - Updated Mon Apr 15, 2013 11:53 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:  The New York Knicks used what amounted to a glorified summer league roster Monday night and it showed as they lost 106-95 in a meaningless game to the league's worst team, the Charlotte Bobcats, at Time Warner Cable Arena. Charlotte, which led by as many as 23 points, was led by  Gerald Henderson  with 27 points. The Knicks were paced by  Chris Copeland's  career and game-high 32 points.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "They played hard. I can't take away anything from our group. Charlotte was just a better team out there tonight. Our guys competed. We never really got in the flow and that was kind of disappointing. We just couldn't get stops and they had their way offensively." --  New York coach  Mike Woodson . 
 
 
 THE STAT: 7.  The number of players used by Woodson. All five starters logged at least 41 minutes of action with Copeland playing 46:50 out of a possible 48 minutes. New York was resting many of its regulars, but indicated that the full roster might be available Wednesday night against Atlanta in the team's regular season finale. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Knicks had the ball and some momentum on a 15-9 run, but they weren't able to get off a shot as the half came to an end and they trailed by nine. With a non-existent bench, the Bobcats struck early with four straight points from  Gerald Henderson  and quickly opened up a double-digit lead which the Knicks could never recover from.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "It's been a long season. We wanted to get out there and play as a team and show our fans how we can play. I thought we played well as a team. We got up and down and pushed the tempo and we came out with a good win." --  Bobcats guard  Kemba Walker. 
 
 
 HOT:  Henderson has finished the season on a high note for the Bobcats. The Charlotte guard had a team-best 27 points on 11-of-16 shooting and added five assists and three rebounds. Henderson is averaging 17.6 points this month and scored 20-plus points for the tenth time in 20 games.  
 
 NOT:  New York started the game slowly and were never able to recover. The Knicks show 6-of-20 from the floor for a dismal 30 percent and trailed the Bobcats by 13 as the first quarter came to a close.  
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Walker had 23 points and a career-high 13 assists in Charlotte's win. Walker added a steal which made him the franchise record holder for steals in a season, passing  Brevin Knight . Walker committed just one turnover on the night and was also 9-of-15 from the floor.  He's now scored 20 or more for three straight games.  
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA: Nelly,  hip-hop star and part-owner of the Charlotte Bobcats, was seated courtside as part of a team promotion where a lucky fan got to sit with him.  Michael Jordan  hosted NBA Deputy Commissioner  Adam Silver  and  Ahmad Rashad. 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Woodson chose to sit a majority of the players who will be used in the team's upcoming playoff run. It cost them in the short term Monday night, but will hopefully pay off as the spring progresses. 
 
 BAD MOVE: Rasheed Wallace , who returned to the court for the first time since December 13, played just 3:50 before leaving with foot pain. Woodson said the team would monitor the foot pain and proceed as needed with consultation from the team's medical staff. Wallace had surgery in December on the left foot, but it is not currently being viewed as a "setback." Wallace scored on his first shot attempt and finished with two points. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Copeland put on an All-Star like performance Monday in Charlotte. The Colorado-product scored a career-best 32 points while grabbing seven rebounds. He made 12-of-25 field goals including four three-pointers.  Michael Kidd-Gilchrist  scored eight points and grabbed five rebounds for Charlotte while fellow rookie  Jeffery Taylor  netted 12 points and dished out three assists.  
 
 NOTABLE:  The Bobcats recorded season highs in field goal percentage at 58.1 percent (43-of-74), free-throw percentage at 92.9 percent (13-of-14) and assists with 35.  Bismack Biyombo  recorded his third double-double in the last five games with a 10-point, 11-rebound performance.  Josh McRoberts  was in double figures for the third straight game and 10th time since joining the Bobcats. New York finished with just three offensive rebounds. The Knicks finished the season with a road record of 24-17 which is their best road record in 16 years.  James White  recorded career highs of seven rebounds, six assists and 43 minutes, adding a season-high 15 points.  Steve Novak  had a season-high seven rebounds.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Wednesday vs. Atlanta. For the Bobcats, Wednesday vs. Cleveland. 
