  Spurs-Hornets notebook   By Larry Holder, for NBA.com Posted Saturday January 22, 2011 11:47PM THE FACTS:  Forward  David West  and guard  Marcus Thornton  each scored 18 points as the New Orleans Hornets cruised by the San Antonio Spurs 96-72 on Saturday night in the New Orleans Arena. The win gives the Hornets an eight-game winning streak, while the Spurs' loss snapped an eight-game winning streak. QUOTABLE:  "It can't (mean something more). It's another win. I'm not a rookie. I've actually been on a team where we won by 20 in San Antonio. So that team over there, they're going to try to figure out what happened, but the next team they play ... they're not going to think about this one. ... Good win for us, but it's on to the next one."   -- Hornets guard  Chris Paul  trying to downplay the impressive win THE STAT:  The 24-point loss for San Antonio was its most lopsided loss of the season. The previous worst was a 22-point loss (123-101) in Orlando on Dec. 23. The Spurs' 72 points were also a season low with the previous low coming in a 90-85 loss to the Clippers on Dec. 1. Not exactly the way the Spurs wanted to see the end of their winning streak. TURNING POINT:  After only holding a 41-38 halftime lead, the Hornets pummeled the Spurs on both ends of the floor going on a 24-2 run in the third quarter to push New Orleans ahead 66-42 with 3:24 left in the quarter. HOT:  The Hornets have now compiled two eight-game winning streaks this season. It's the first time in franchise history the Hornets have put together winning streaks of this length. It's also the first time in franchise history the Hornets held consecutive opponents to 72 points or less. The Hawks only scored 59 points on Friday night against New Orleans. NOT:  Spurs forward  Tim Duncan . He was 2-for-11 from the field for six points in only 23 minutes. He wasn't the only Spurs player struggling from the field as San Antonio only shot 36.2 percent from the field and only scored 12 points in the first quarter and 10 points in the third quarter. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Actor  Jeremy Piven  sat midcourt courtside. He's in New Orleans filming  So Undercover  with  Miley Cyrus . NOTABLE:  New Orleans also had season bests in rebounds (57) and 3-pointers made (12) and 3-point shooting percentage (80 percent). ... The Hornets had their third sellout of the season with a paid attendance of 18,023. ... Hornets center  Emeka Okafor  had five blocked shots alone. The Spurs had none. ... Spurs forward  Tiago Splitter  was the team's leading scorer with 11 points. ... Center  Aaron Gray  (high left ankle sprain) will miss his second game in a row and Williams said Gray will miss at least 2-3 weeks after twisting his ankle during a drill in shootaround on Friday. ... Forward  Matt Bonner  (sore right knee) missed his fourth straight game with his knee injury. "It is what it is," Spurs coach  Gregg Popovich  said. "I don't know what the hell is wrong with (Bonner). His knee hurts. They just tell me when he can play and when he can't." UP NEXT:  For the Spurs, Monday @ Golden State, Wednesday @ Utah, Saturday vs. Houston. For the Hornets, Monday vs. Oklahoma State, Wednesday @ Golden State, Saturday @ Sacramento.  