  Sixers-Grizzlies notebook   By Marlon W. Morgan, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday February 16, 2011 12:18AM THE FACTS:  Unlike last year when the Memphis Grizzlies limped into the NBA All-Star break having lost six of their last seven, and four in a row, this year the team enters the break as one of the hottest in the league. The Grizzlies' 102-91 victory over Philadelphia on Tuesday left them winners of 12 of their last 15, including four in a row. QUOTABLE:  "I just told the guys to go relax, rest, but go to the gym and do some type of conditioning. We have a lot at stake and we've built a nice foundation. We don't want to come out stumbling when we come back for the second half of the season."    -- Grizzlies coach  Lionel Hollins  on his instructions to the Grizzlies as they head into the All-Star break. THE STAT:  Hollins credited the team's first-quarter defensive effort as the key to victory. The Grizzlies held Philadelphia to 10 points in the quarter, and forced the Sixers into eight turnovers. TURNING POINT:  After squandering an 18-point first-half lead and allowing Philadelphia to pull to within 77-75 heading into the final quarter, the Grizzlies opened the fourth quarter with a 10-2 run to reclaim a 10-point lead, a cushion they maintained for much of the quarter. QUOTABLE II:  "I forgot I had two shirts on, it's been so long. I was just excited to get out there. I didn't expect (Hollins) to call my name, so when he called it I was just trying to get out there before he changed his mind.''    -- Grizzlies guard  O.J. Mayo  said on still having his T-shirt on as he headed onto the court for the first time since serving his 10-game league suspension for violating the NBA and player union's anti-drug policy. HOT:  Grizzlies point guard  Mike Conley  was 0-for-3 at the half and then missed his first two shots of the second half. But with the Sixers battling back, Conley began taking advantage of his ability to get to the rim. Then, when the Sixers started double-teaming  Zach Randolph  and daring Conley to shoot, he began knocking down jumpers. Conley hit nine of his last 12 shots and was 4-for-7 from 3-point range, to finish with a team-high 22 points. NOT:  The Sixers managed to climb their way from 18 down to pull to within one late in the third quarter, but they did it without much help from  Andre Iguodala . Iguodala was just 2-for-7 from the floor, finishing with nine points. NOTABLE:  The Grizzlies managed to win despite star forward  Rudy Gay  leaving the game with 5:31 left in the second quarter. Gay suffered a left shoulder subluxation, or as Hollins put it, his shoulder popped out and then back into its socket. Gay, who finished with 11 points, is expected to have an MRI Wednesday morning. ... Hollins said he plans to spend his All-Star break in Arizona. On Thursday, he and Cleveland coach  Byron Scott  will have their numbers retired at Arizona State. ... Despite losing, it was a nice homecoming for Sixers forward  Thaddeus Young . The Memphis native who attended Mitchell High School scored a game-high 23 points in front of the more than 100 family and friends to whom he provided tickets. ... In addition to his 21 points and 10 boards,  Zach Randolph  had a season-high seven assists. ... At 31-26, the Grizzlies are a season-best five games over .500 and a half-game behind Denver for the eighth spot in the Western Conference. The Grizzlies travel to Denver for their first game after the break. Their 31 wins are a franchise high heading into the break. ... The Grizzlies improved to 4-11 in their final game before the All-Star Game, snapping a four-game losing streak. UP NEXT:  For the Sixers, Wednesday @ Houston, Feb. 23 vs. Washington, Feb. 25 vs. Detroit. For the Grizzlies, Feb. 22 @ Denver, Feb. 23 @ Minnesota, Feb. 26 vs. Sacramento.  