Notebook: Heat 105, Celtics 103 
 
 
 Brian Robb, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Mar 19, 2013 12:51 AM - Updated Tue Mar 19, 2013 12:51 AM 
 
 THE FACTS: LeBron James  had 37 points and 12 assists, as the Miami Heat overcame 43 points from  Jeff Green  to defeat the Boston Celtics 105-103 for their 23rd consecutive win. The visitors trailed by as many as 17 points in the first half against a shorthanded Celtics squad that was playing without  Kevin Garnett  (flu). The Heat fought back however, spoiling Green's career night with a game-winning jumper from James with ten seconds remaining. Boston came up empty in their final possession, allowing Miami to escape with the hard fought win.    
 
 QUOTABLE:  "It means a lot to what we're trying to build.  Boston is a tough-minded team on the road, it's a hostile environment.  We grew again tonight and that's big for our team."  --  James on continuing Miami's historic streak in Boston . 
 
 
 THE STAT:  With the win, the Heat now have the second longest winning streak in NBA history, with 23 consecutive wins. The all-time longest winning streak is 33 games, held by the 1971-72 Los Angeles Lakers.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  Miami trailed by seven points with just over five minutes remaining in the game, when  Erik Spoelstra  called a timeout to help his team regroup. From there, James took over, posting six points and three assists in the game's final minutes as Miami closed out the win with a 13-4 run.   
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "It was the best team in the league and we took them to their breaking point. We just got to, when Kevin comes back, continue to play like we did today. With the addition of him, I think we will be more lethal. So as long as we continue to attack, get stops, we'll be in pretty good shape." 
 --  Green . 
 
 
 HOT:   Green -- The hybrid forward could not be stopped by the Heat in the first half, as he scored 26 of his career-high 43 points in the opening two quarters, shooting a spectacular 9-of-12 from the field. 
 
 NOT: Avery Bradley  -- Boston's defensive stopper missed eight of his 11 shot attempts and turned the ball over four times as he proved to be a liability for most of the night on the offensive end for  Doc Rivers.  
 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  James -- The defending MVP gave the Heat whatever they needed Monday night, posting a fantastic line of 37 points, 12 assists, seven rebounds, seven assists, two steals and two blocks over 42 minutes of action. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "We wanted to get this one for our brother, for Ray [Allen], and we felt bad that it took us until the second time.  We do take that very seriously, that every place that we've gone we've been able to take care of business for the guys, knowing that it's emotional, knowing that it will mean something to them. --  Spoelstra . 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  Rivers told reporters before the game that Garnett had recovered enough from his left adductor strain to play, but was sidelined by the flu. He is expected to return to action Wednesday night against the Hornets. The victory was the first regular season win in Boston for the Heat since 2007. The Celtics had their 11-game home winning streak snapped. The Celtics scored just seven points over the final eight minutes of the game. The Heat passed the 2007-08 Houston Rockets for the second longest winning streak in NBA history.  Paul Pierce  finished the game with 17 points, eight assists, eight rebounds and seven turnovers.    
 
 UP NEXT:  For Miami, Wednesday @ Cleveland, Friday vs. Detroit, Sunday vs. Charlotte. For Boston, Wednesday @ New Orleans, Friday @ Dallas, Saturday @ Memphis.      
