  Sixers-Bobcats notebook   By Derek S. Smith, for NBA.com Posted Thursday January 20, 2011 10:43PM THE FACTS:   D.J. Augustin  scored a career-high 31 points to lead the Charlotte Bobcats to a 100-97 win over the Philadelphia76ers Thursday night at Time Warner Cable Arena.  Nazr Mohammed  and  Gerald Henderson  combined for 26 points off the bench for Charlotte while  Thaddeus Young  led the 76ers with 21 points. QUOTABLE:  "His [Augustin] confidence level is at an all-time high. He's going to the hoop and he's finishing. That kept us afloat in the first half. It was a great win for us."   --  Paul Silas THE STAT:  The Bobcats were 10-for-12 in the final quarter from the free-throw line, including making their last eight. Philadelphia on other hand was not as effective.  Andre Iguodala  was fouled on a 3-pointer that would have tied the game late, but he only connected on two of his three attempts and the Sixers would get no closer. For the game Charlotte got to the line 26 times and made almost 77 percent of their attempts. TURNING POINT:  Henderson admitted to making a big mistake on defense with his foul on an Iguodala 3-point attempt. However he made up for it with a 19-foot jumper with just 26 seconds left in the game to push Charlotte's lead to three points at 96-93. It capped a stretch where Henderson scored six straight for the Bobcats. QUOTABLE II:  "It's all about being ready. I come in everyday ready to play. I feel like I can impact the game on either end of the court. The shots were just there for me tonight and I took them. It helps to get some positive things going for this team."   -- Gerald Henderson HOT:  Henderson scored nine of his 11 points in the fourth quarter including six straight points down the stretch to keep the 76ers out of reach. His jumper from the right wing with 1:40 to play put the Bobcats ahead for good. Henderson scored 11 points on 5-for-8 shooting and also played lock down defense against Philadelphia. NOT:   Tyrus Thomas  will be sidelined for approximately eight weeks after an MRI revealed a tear of the lateral meniscus of the left knee. Surgery is expected in the coming days. Thomas was a game-time scratch for tonight's home game against Philadelphia, after he experienced swelling in the knee earlier today. In 34 games played this season, Thomas has averaged 11.1 points, 5.8 rebounds and 1.6 blocks in 21.6 minutes off the bench. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Augustin scored a career-best 31 points on 11-for-17 shooting while dishing out eight assists. Augustin also knocked down three from behind the arc and was a perfect 6-for-6 from the charity stripe. He also added four rebounds and a steal for the Bobcats. ROOKIE WATCH:   Evan Turner  was the only rookie to see action Thursday night.  Sherron Collins  was in active for the Bobcats as was  Craig Brackens  for the 76ers. NOTABLE:  Philadelphia has now lost five straight on the road this season and six straight in Charlotte. The Sixers are now 6-16 in games decided by eight or fewer points including 2-9 in games decided by four or fewer points. Young had is sixth 20-point game of the season.  Lou Williams  scored just 11 points Thursday after averaging 22.3 over his last three games and scoring 23 in a win over Charlotte Monday afternoon.  Elton Brand  has his 17th double-double of the season thanks to his 12-point, 10-rebound performance. Augustin set career bests in points (31), field goals made (11) and scored in double figures for the 29th time this season. The Bobcats are now in eighth place in the Eastern Conference standings. Charlotte had only eight turnovers Thursday night and recorded 10 of fewer turnovers for the fourth time in their last six games. UP NEXT:  For the 76ers, Saturday vs. Jazz, Monday vs. Phoenix and Wednesday @ Toronto. For the Bobcats, Friday vs. Atlanta, Tuesday @ Sacramento and Wednesday @ Phoenix.  