Notebook: Bulls 82, Knicks 81 
 
 
 Kent McDill, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Nov 01, 2013 12:10 AM - Updated Fri Nov 01, 2013 12:10 AM 
 
 THE FACT : The Chicago Bulls beat the New York Knicks for the sixth consecutive time. 
 
 THE LEAD :  Derrick Rose  hit a driving floater from the right side with 5.7 seconds remaining to give the Bulls an 82-81 victory over the visiting Knicks. Rose led the Bulls (1-1) with 18 points (7-for-23 from the floor), and his shot saved a horrible fourth quarter for the Bulls (2-for-15 from the field).  Carmelo Anthony  led the Knicks (1-1) with 22 points, going just 8-for-24 from the field. He missed a long jumper at the buzzer which would have won it.   
 
 THE STAT : The Bulls started the fourth quarter with a 10-point lead, made only two field goals, including the game-winner, and committed seven turnovers in the fourth quarter. For the second game in a row, the Bulls committed 18 turnovers. Rose has nine turnovers in the two games. He also has one game-winning shot in two games. 
 
 TURNING POINT : After the Knicks erased a 10-point fourth quarter deficit with a 12-point run, Knicks center  Tyson Chandler  made only one of his two free throws with 10.8 seconds remaining to give the Knicks a one-point lead and set up the opportunity for Rose's heroics. 
 
 INJURY UPDATE : The plan for New York was to avoid playing  Kenyon Martin  or  Amar'e Stoudamire  in back-to-back games due to nagging injuries, but Knicks coach  Mike Woodson  played Martin for almost four minutes Thursday after he played five minutes against Milwaukee Wednesday. Stoudamire did not play against the Bucks, but had 10 minutes tonight. 
 
 HOT :  Carlos Boozer  was 5-for-7 Thursday, and is 18-for-25 from the field (72 percent) after two games this season. 
 
 NOT : Anthony played 42 minutes Thursday after playing almost 38 Wednesday, and is 15-for-40 from the field in the two games. He added six steals and two blocked shots Thursday. 
 
 QUOTABLE : "The only way for him to get through it is to let him do it. I trust that he'll make the right play."  
 --Bulls coach  Tom Thibodeau , discussing Rose's offense through two games 
 
 MAKING THE CALL : With a league directive to keep a close eye on moving picks, New York forward  Andrea Bargnani  was called for three offensive fouls over a two-minute stretch of the second quarter.    
 
 GOOD MOVE : The Bulls picked up the contract options of both  Jimmy Butler  and  Marquis Teague  on Wednesday, extending Butler to his fourth year and Teague to his third at low contract numbers (Butler just over $2 million, Teague at $1.12 million).   
 
 BAD MOVE : The Bulls were called for delay of game twice for grabbing the basketball after a basket and bouncing it toward the baseline for the Knicks to inbound the ball.  
 
 QUOTABLE II : "We knew he wanted to get in the paint to create plays for himself and everyone else. I think we did a great job of keeping him out of the paint, and when he did get there, collapsing on him."  
 --New York forward Carmelo Anthony, talking about Rose 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH :  Tim Hardaway Jr.  played 27 minutes (the most by any reserve player in the game) and scored 10 points coming off the bench for the Knicks.   
 
 NOTABLE : The last time the Bulls lost to the Knicks in Chicago was Nov. 4, 2010... the Knicks led three times in the first quarter, but the Bulls took the lead with 7:54 left in the first and kept it until the 4:29 mark of the fourth quarter... Chandler has nine blocked shots in the first two games...  the Knicks had 13 turnovers in the first half and two in the second.  
 
 UP NEXT : For the Bulls, Saturday @ Philadelphia, Wednesday @ Indiana, Nov. 8 vs. Utah. For the Knicks, Sunday vs. Minnesota, Tuesday vs. Charlotte, Nov. 8 @ Charlotte.  
