  Magic-Nuggets notebook   By Michael Kelly, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday December 15, 2010 12:50AM THE FACTS: Carmelo Anthony  had 35 points and 11 rebounds and the Denver Nuggets used a late run to beat the Orlando Magic 111-94 on Tuesday night. QUOTABLE:  "It's very tough. I like blocking shots but if a guy's one dribble and he's there and I'm all the way on the other side, I can't fly over there. I don't have a cape in real life."    -- Orlando center  Dwight Howard , on the Magic's defensive struggles STAT:  The Nuggets won despite going 5:49 without scoring a point in a stretch spanning the end of the second quarter and beginning of the third. In that time they missed four shots, committed five turnovers and went from being up 10 to down three. TURNING POINT:  After Orlando cut Denver's lead to 92-91 on a  Vince Carter  3-pointer with 6:05 left,  Arron Afflalo  hit a 3 and Anthony converted a three-point play to spark a 19-2 run to ice the game. HOT: J.J. Redick  had a career-high 29 points in a losing cause and was deadly from outside, shooting 6-for-9 from 3-point range. Redick, who was averaging 7.8 points coming into Tuesday, has averaged 12.2 points in his last five contests. NOT:  The Magic are limping home after a rough stretch. Orlando has lost five of six and dropped from first to second in the Southeast Division FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Anthony notched his second straight double-double and sixth of the season. With Denver's frontcourt depleted, Anthony has stepped up his rebounding this year. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Before the game Nuggets president  Josh Kroenke  and executive vice president  Masai Ujiri  presented coach  George Karl  with a trophy commemorating his 1,000th win earned in Denver's victory in Toronto on Saturday GOOD MOVE:  The Nuggets went to the basket all night despite lacking size and having to face Howard in the middle. Orlando had six blocked shots but the Nuggets had 46 points in the paint. QUOTABLE II:  "The only thing on my phone is the time."    -- Anthony, when asked if his phone was ringing off the hook about rumors that he had been traded to New Jersey after the game, rumors that were squelched by Ujiri. NOTABLE:  Redick turned in the first five-point play in the NBA in almost a year. He hit a 3-pointer and was fouled by J.R. Smith, and then Smith was called for a technical. Redick hit both free throws to give Orlando an 83-82 lead. It was the first five-point play since Utah's  Deron Williams  did it Dec. 21, 2009. UP NEXT:  For the Magic Saturday vs. Philadelphia, Monday @ Atlanta, Tuesday @ Dallas. For the Nuggets, Thursday vs. San Antonio, Saturday vs. Minnesota, Wednesday, Dec. 15, @ San Antonio.  