  Nets-Hawks notebook   By Matt Winkeljohn, for NBA.com Posted Saturday March 26, 2011 11:11PM THE FACTS:  The Nets scored the game's first bucket, but the Hawks scored the next 19 points and hardly looked back Saturday night on the way to a much-needed 98-87 win in Atlanta. The Hawks (41-32) clinched a playoff berth for the fourth year in a row with just their fourth win in the past 12 games. Al Horford  led Atlanta with 22 points and 12 rebounds for his fourth double-double in as many games this season against New Jersey.  Josh Smith  followed up a 33-point, 12-rebound effort in Wednesday's loss in Philadelphia by scoring 10 of his 22 points in the first quarter as Atlanta built a 32-15 lead. Anthony Morrow  tied his season high with 25 points -- without hitting a 3-pointer -- to lead the Nets, who lost for the sixth time in seven games. The Hawks kept New Jersey's  Kris Humphries  off the boards as he grabbed just five rebounds -- the first time in 14 games he grabbed fewer than 10. He averaged 15.5 rebounds over the previous 13 games. Also, New Jersey's leading scorer, center  Brook Lopez  (averaging 19.9 points), scored just six points and did not grab a rebound in more than 30 minutes of action. He said his arm is "acting up." QUOTABLE:  "It feels really good. We knew we would be in, but it's always good to actually know for sure. We've been struggling a little bit, and we'll take any win we can get. Hopefully, this will catapult us."   --Hawks sub  Jamal Crawford , when asked about locking up a playoff berth. THE STAT:  67-42 -- this was Atlanta's scoring edge in points scored by starters vs. New Jersey's starters through the first three quarters. The Hawks led 82-61 after three, having led by as much as 74-44 midway through the period. The Nets' cut the Atlanta lead to 88-78 on a Humphries tip with 5:02 left in the game with most of that coming against the Hawks' reserves. Atlanta coach  Larry Drew  re-inserted most of his starters just minutes before that other than  Joe Johnson . He did not play after leaving with a sprained right (shooting) thumb early in the third period. TURNING POINT:  After Morrow scored on a layup on New Jersey's first possession, the Hawks scored the next 19 points with 17 coming from either inside 11 feet or from the free-throw line. New Jersey trailed 57-31 at halftime, the fewest points they've scored in a first half this season. The Nets made just 15 of 41 shots (36.6 percent) in the first half, and did not attempt a free throw in the first two quarters. QUOTABLE II:  "You knew they would come out and try to knock us out early, but if you watch how we play, we come back and battle. There are no moral victories, but we played well after the weak start. I told them we really stunk in the first half in every phase of the game."   --Nets coach  Avery Johnson . HOT:  Josh Smith has made 21 of 33 shots (63.6 percent) over the past two games, and 27-of-45 over the past three. ... New Jersey's  Jordan Farmar  made just two-of-seven shots, but registered a game-high eight assists. He had 34 dimes over the past three games and 55 over the past five. ... New Jersey reserve center  Johan Petro  scored a season-high 12 points and grabbed a team-high eight rebounds in 21:57 of playing time. ... With his playing time (38:58) extended by Johnson's thumb injury, Crawford was more aggressive that he's been in a while on the way to scoring 18 points. But he missed seven-of-nine 3-point tries. NOT:  Lopez missed six-of-nine shots, leaving him 14-for38 over the past three games. After going without a rebound, the seven-footer has just 11 rebounds over the past four games (2.75 per game). ROOKIE WATCH:  New Jersey rookie guard  Ben Uzoh , recently recalled from the D-League, scored five points with a season- and career-high seven assists and two rebounds. ... Nets rookie forward  Damion Jones  did not play because of a sore right foot. NOTABLE:  As the Hawks prepared to head to the airport after the game to travel to Cleveland for Monday's game against the Cavs, it was unclear whether Johnson was going to make the trip. ... Drew has used 14 different Hawks' starting lineups, but has hinted that Saturday's quintet of guards Kirk Hinrich and Johnson, forwards  Marvin Williams  and Smith, and center Al Horford is likely to remain together. That unit, however, moved to just 2-5 with Saturday's win. ...  Deron Williams , the Nets' point guard who has been sidelined by a badly sprained right wrist, has done some shooting and might return to action in the upcoming week. ... The Hawks and Nets split their four games this season with each team winning at home every time. ... Nets reserve guard  Sundiata Gaines  is finished for the season after learning that the hip he "jammed" in Wednesday's win over the Cavs is actually fractured. ... Atlanta reserve guard  Jeff Teague  continued his roller coaster ride. He missed his only shot, and over the past four games has gone DNP-CD, 20 points (vs. the Bulls in a blowout loss), DNP-CD, 0 points. Two weeks ago, he was Atlanta's starting point guard for a three-game stint. ... Atlanta is in fifth place in the East, 3.5 games ahead of Philadelphia, and looking at a first-round playoff matchup with Orlando. UP NEXT:  For the Nets, Tuesday vs. the Rockets, Wednesday @ the Knicks, Friday @ the 76ers. For the Hawks, Sunday @ the Cavs, Wednesday vs. the Magic, Friday vs. the Celtics.  