  Hornets-Pacers notebook   By John Oehser, for NBA.com Posted Monday December 20, 2010 10:36PM THE FACTS: Danny Granger  scored 27 points and  Mike Dunleavy  tipped in a miss by Granger the buzzer as the Indiana Pacers beat the slumping New Orleans Hornets, 94-93, at Conseco Fieldhouse in Indianapolis Monday. Granger's potential game-winner rolled around the rim, and Duneavy's tip hung on the rim for a tantalizing second to give the Pacers the victory as the horn sounded. Forward  David West  scored on a conventional three-point play and a two-point jump shot to twice give the Hornets the lead in the final minute. West's jump shot gave the Hornets a 93-92 lead with 3.9 seconds remaining. West finished with 18 points for the Hornets, who are 5-11 after an 11-1 start. Indiana forward  James Posey's  3-pointer from the corner had given the Pacers a 92-91 lead with 16.1 seconds remaining. On the possession before Posey's 3-pointer, West converted a layup to tie the game and gave the Hornets a lead on a free throw after being fouled by Posey. QUOTABLE:  "I've seen other people do it, even some here, but that was my first one. We were trying to get Danny a shot and my man went to help. I just took off the for basket hoping for a tip if he missed.''    -- Dunleavy THE STAT:  The Pacers won despite being outrebounded, 53-39. They were outrebounded 147-106 during a recent three-game losing streak against the Hawks, Bills and Lakers, and were also out-rebounded by Boston 45-43 in a loss Sunday. The Pacers out-rebounded the Cavaliers, 48-39, last Friday, the only time in the last six games they have had the advantage in the category. The Hornets' 18 offensive rebounds were a season-high. TURNING POINT:  The Pacers got the victory, but the Hornets set the tone throughout much of the second half with a scrappy comeback. Indiana led 58-48 with 6:50 remaining in the third period before the Hornets outscored the Pacers 21-10 over the next six minutes. A pair of free throws by point guard  Chris Paul  gave the Hornets a 69-68 lead after three quarters and neither team led by more than four again. QUOTABLE II:  "That's a gutty win."    -- Pacers coach  Jim O'Brien HOT:  Granger has been up and down this season at times, and although he shot 8 for 22, he made big shots throughout much of Monday night's game. He finished 4 of 8 from 3-point rang and made 7 of 8 free throws. NOT:   Roy Hibbert  and Dunleavy each struggled much of the game for Indiana, which Hibbert shooting 1 of 10 and Dunleavy shooting 2 of 10 before his game-winning tip. Hibbert finished with two points and three rebounds and was out-played the entire night by Hornets center Emeka Okafor. For the Hornets, forward Trevor Ariza shot 1 of 13 from the field and finished with four poonts. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT : Fans at Conseco Fieldhouse chanted "overrated" toward Okafor much of the game, but he was hardly overrated on Monday. He shot 6 of 7 through the first three quarters and had 13 rebounds, helping the Hornets stay close in game in which Indiana threatened to pull away at times. He finished with 19 points on 7 of 8 shooting and a game-high 15 rebounds. GOOD MOVE:  The Pacers hadn't played point guards  Darren Collison  and  T.J. Ford  at the same time during the regular season. They did at times in the second half on Monday, with Collison finishing with 18 points and five assists and Ford finishing with six points and five assists. "It was just one of those games you have to adjust," O'Brien said. NOTABLE : Hornets forward  Willie Green  missed Monday's game following the deaths of his 30-year old sister and a 27-year-old cousin Sunday night in Troy, Michigan. Green's sister, Tamara, and his cousin ? Gary Green ? had attended the Hornets' game Sunday against the Pistons at The Palace at Auburn Hills. "Guys love Willie and love what he stands for," Hornets coach Monty Williams said. "For him to have go through something like this -- I don't want to say it's unfair. It's just unexpected." . . . Pacers forward  Josh McRoberts  was active, but did not start because of a lower abdominal strain. McRoberts missed Sunday's loss to Boston. . . . Pacers forward Jeff Foster, starting in place of McRoberts, finished with a game-high 11 rebounds. . . . The Pacers made 11 of 23 3-pointers and are 8-1 this season when making 10 or more 3-point field goals. UP NEXT : For the Hornets, Wednesday vs. New Jersey Nets, Sunday vs. Atlanta, Monday at Minnesota. For the Pacers, Sunday vs. Memphis, next Tuesday vs. Boston, next Wednesday @ Washington.  