  Notebook: Grizzlies 98, Warriors 94 Posted Tuesday April 3, 2012 11:57PM By Marlon W. Morgan, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The Memphis Grizzlies had to use a little more grit-and-grind than they planned on as they managed to pull out a 98-94 win over the Golden State Warriors Tuesday night at FedExForum. The win completed a four-game sweep over the Warriors for the first time in franchise history. Three of the contests have been decided by four points or less. The Grizzlies were led by  O.J. Mayo's  19 points off the bench. QUOTABLE:  "They've been kicking out (butt) period, point blank. There's nothing much to put into it. They've been outplaying us in every aspect of the game. We've just got to get better and get ready for the next one." Golden State guard  Nate Robinson , who had 18 points for the Warriors. THE STAT:  The Grizzlies shot 23.5 percent in the third quarter and trailed Golden State, 79-70 heading into the fourth quarter. In the final quarter, the Grizzlies regained their shooting touch, making 12 of their 17 shots (70.6 percent) to earn the come-from-behind win. TURNING POINT:  Frustrated that the Warriors were scoring at will with their penetration to the basket, Grizzlies coach  Lionel Hollins  went with a fourth quarter lineup featuring Mayo,  Gilbert Arenas ,  Tony Allen ,  Dante Cunningham  and  Marc Gasol , That grouped used a 13-0 run to regain the lead at 87-86. They also held the Warriors scoreless for nearly four minutes. HOT:  At 31.4 percent, the Grizzlies are one of the NBA's worst 3-point shooting teams. But against Golden State, Memphis connected on 9 of 17 from 3-point range (53 percent). Mayo (4 of 6) and Mike Conley (3 of 4) did most of the damage. NOT:  It was an off-night for Grizzlies' starters  Rudy Gay ,  Marreese Speights  and  Tony Allen . The trio combined to shoot 5-of-27 from the floor, which was good for just 16 points. QUOTABLE II:  "That's the beauty of this team, we have enough guys to go big if we want to and we can go small if we want to. Everyone understands that and that's what allows us to play and win games."    -- Grizzlies forward Cunningham, who came off the bench to score 10 points. NOTABLE:  Grizzlies guard  Mike Conley  returned from a two-game absence with a sore right ankle to score 18 points. He looked refreshed as he made 7 of his 11 shot attempts and also had five rebounds. ... The Warriors were led by forward  David Lee , who had 22 points and 13 rebounds to go with his four assists. ... Grizzlies guard  Gilbert Arenas  played in his first game at FedExForum with his new teammates. He finished with 10 points, his highest output since joining the team March 20. Arenas also had three rebounds, two assists and two steals in 15 minutes. ... The Grizzlies were playing the second game of their only set of back-to-back-to-back games. They complete the trio Wednesday night at Dallas. ... Golden State has now lost six in a row and 11 of its last 13 since trading away  Monte Ellis ,  Ekpe Udoh  and  Kwame Brown. UP NEXT:  For the Warriors, Wednesday at Minnesota, Friday at Utah, Saturday vs. Denver. For the Grizzlies, Wednesday at Dallas, Friday at Miami, Saturday vs. Dallas.  