  Notebook: Clippers 92, Bucks 86   By Dan Arritt, for NBA.com Posted Sunday January 8, 2012 2:17AM THE FACTS:   Blake Griffin  had 22 points and 14 rebounds Saturday night and  Caron Butler  scored a season-high 20 to lead the Clippers to a 92-86 victory against the injury-plagued Bucks at Staples Center. QUOTABLE:  "We didn't have our best stuff tonight, but I thought we got after it defensively in the second half."   -- Clippers coach  Vinny Del Negro THE STAT:  In the four victories by the Clippers this season, they've held their opponent to under 90 points. TURNING POINT:  The Clippers trailed by two points after a pedestrian first half then came alive on both ends of the floor to start the second. They scored seven points off three turnovers to spark a 25-10 run and give the Clippers their biggest lead, 63-50. The Bucks weren't able get back within two possessions the rest of the way. HOT:  It's not often Clippers point guard  Chris Paul  gets out-played, but Southern California native  Brandon Jennings  was more productive on this night. He finished with 21 points, seven assists, six rebounds and two turnovers, while Paul had nine points, seven assists, one rebound and four turnovers. Jennings made a couple baskets to draw the Bucks within four early in the fourth quarter, but Paul will gladly take the victory. NOT:  The Bucks started the game 1-for-12 from the floor.  Carlos Delfino  was the only Milwaukee player with a hot hand early, but he was whistled for his third foul midway through the second quarter and never took another shot. ... The Clippers came in with the fewest turnovers in the league but had 10 giveaways midway through the second quarter. They had only four the rest of the way. Paul had three turnovers in the first quarter and his replacement, Mo Williams, had three more while spelling Paul in the second. GOOD MOVE:  In the middle of the deciding third-quarter run, Paul stole the ball from Jennings and started a fast break the other way, leading Griffin with a perfect lob pass that resulted in a powerful slam dunk and a 49-45 lead. It was one of three dunks during the run for Griffin. Paul, who came into the game as the league leader in steals per game at 2.60, finished with four swipes. BAD MOVE:  With just under two minutes remaining in the third quarter and the Bucks still within five points, Milwaukee forward  Larry Sanders  clothes-lined Butler as he drove to the basket, earning a flagrant foul. Butler made both free throws then sank a 3-point basket about a minute later to stretch the lead to 10. Butler scored 14 points in the third quarter. QUOTABLE II:  "We came back out in the second half and matched their intensity, made some shots and changed the tide."   --Clippers guard  Chauncey Billups . NOTABLE:  Clippers forward  Reggie Evans , who was signed as a free agent shortly before the start of the season and sat out the first five games with a sprained right foot, checked in for first time with 3 1/2 minutes remaining in the first quarter and immediately grabbed on offensive rebound off Griffin's miss. Evans had six rebounds in his first 13 minutes ... Billups made all seven free-throw attempts to push him to 26-for-26 from the line this season, one of only four players in the NBA who have yet to miss this season ... Already without four players due to injury, the Bucks also lost reserve forward  Jon Brockman  to a left eye contusion during the first half, leaving the Bucks with nine healthy players. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Tuesday @ Portland, Wednesday vs. Miami, Saturday vs. Lakers. For the Bucks, Sunday @ Phoenix, Tuesday vs. San Antonio, Thursday vs. Detroit.  