Notebook: Knicks 104, Heat 84 
 
 
 Adam Zagoria, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Nov 02, 2012 11:11 PM - Updated Fri Nov 02, 2012 11:11 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:  With New York City and the surrounding areas still ravaged by Hurricane Sandy,  Carmelo Anthony  and the Knicks gave the city something to cheer about for a few hours Friday night. 
 Anthony scored a game-high 30 points and grabbed a team-best 10 rebounds to lead the Knicks over the defending NBA champion Miami Heat, 104-84, in their season-opener at Madison Square Garden. 
 
 Raymond Felton  had 14 points and nine assists for New York, and  Steve Novak  added 17 points off the bench. 
 The game was a rematch of last spring's first-round playoff series, won by the Heat, 4-1. 
 
 LeBron James  finished with 23 points, seven rebounds and five assists, and  Dwyane Wade , who said before the game he didn't think it should be played because of Sandy, added 15 points, five rebounds and four assists.  
 New York scored 57 points from the deep-ball, making 19-of-36 from beyond the arc with Novak (5), Anthony (4),  Jason Kidd  (3),  Raymond Felton  (3) and  J.R. Smith  (2) each hitting at least two.  Rasheed Wallace  scored his first NBA points since the 2010 Finals with a 3 late in the fourth. 
 
 QUOTABLE : "It was great. I mean our fans were fantastic, man. They're like our sixth man. It's beautiful to watch. It's great to come out and play a team like Miami and our fans were in it from the beginning right through the end. It says a lot about our fans and the city of New York." 
--  Knicks head coach  Mike Woodson . 
 
 
 THE STAT:  After going for 120 points in their opening-night win over the Boston Celtics, the Heat were held to 84 points. In two quarters, they failed to score 20 points. The Knicks forced 21 Heat turnovers. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Knicks raced out to a 17-6 lead midway through the first period and led by as many as 18 points en route to a 33-17 edge after one. Anthony scored 16 of his 20 first-half points in the opening period. New York took a 55-44 lead into the break. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We want to thank everybody that came out tonight and showed their support. We know that there are a lot of lives that have been impacted by the tragedy of Hurricane Sandy. This is the most important time for the city of New York to come together as one and to rebuild the city back up." 
--  Anthony. 
 
 
 WHO'S HOT:  Despite suffering a bruised knee in the final preseason game against the Nets,  Tyson Chandler  went 5-for-5 for 10 points and nine rebounds. 
 
 WHO'S NOT: Mario Chalmers , who often plays well against the Knicks, played 16 minutes and compiled this line: six fouls, three points, one assist, two turnovers. 
 
 QUOTABLE III : "You take for granted being able to go out and perform every night regardless of what field of entertainment you're in. Just being able to go to work in general. We take that for granted. There's people all over the world that don't even have jobs, so we're in that 1 percent. If you look around the world and what we're able to do, we're doing something we love so we always count our blessings." 
--  Ray Allen 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  The Knicks played well defensively even without  Amar'e Stoudemire  or  Marcus Camby  in the frontcourt. Stoudemire is out 6-8 weeks with a knee injury. And Camby had a limited training camp because of a calf ailment.  
 
 QUOTABLE IV:  "I have no control over that. The league decided to play the game and so we have to play. I can't knock the league. It's a game we gotta play but still we gotta be open-minded to what's going on around us as well." 
--  Woodson on whether the game should've been played in the aftermath of Hurricane Sandy. 
 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA: Justin Tuck, Victory Cruz, Mary J. Blige, Lil' Jon, Larry Johnson, John Starks  were all in the building. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Sunday vs. Philadelphia, Monday @ Philadelphia, Friday vs. Dallas. For the Heat, Saturday vs. Denver, Monday vs. Phoenix, Wednesday vs. Nets. 
