  Mavericks-Warriors   By By Geoff Lepper, for NBA.com Posted Thursday March 17, 2011 2:20AM THE FACTS:   Dirk Nowitzki  scored 34 points, 12 of them in the fourth quarter, and added 13 rebounds as the Dallas Mavericks avoided being swept on a back-to-back by beating the Golden State Warriors 112-106 Wednesday night. Mavericks guard  Rodrigue Beaubois , injured for much of the year, had a season-high 18 points while making it unscathed through a career-high 37 minutes.  Monta Ellis  scored 26 points and notched 11 assists but blunted their impact with five turnovers for the Warriors, who kicked away an 18-point, first-quarter lead. QUOTABLE:  "We were sluggish to start the game. Maybe it was a hangover from last night, maybe it was a team that had us on our heels. Whatever the case, NBA games are long. You have to keep playing."    -- Dallas coach  Rick Carlisle THE STAT:  One night after being outscored 18-4 in terms of second-chance points in a three-point loss to the Trail Blazers, Dallas flipped that stat on its head, beating the Warriors 12-5 in the category. TURNING POINT:  It was an all-Nowitzki stretch of 65 seconds that made the difference, beginning with the Mavericks up by two points at the 4:15 mark. Nowitzki cleaned the glass from a missed free throw by  Ekpe Udoh , then reeled off six straight points -- on a fadeaway jumper, two free throws and a pull-up jumper -- to finish off a 15-0 Dallas run and put the Mavericks ahead 104-96 with 3:10 to go. GOOD MOVE:  Nowitzki was hounded into a 1-for-6 start during the first quarter. Golden State used some crisp double-teaming in the low block and the liberal application of a third man sliding over from the weak side when Nowitzki set the pick in Dallas' screen-and-roll sets to neutralize the 10-time All-Star. It was only temporary, however. Nowitzki switched tactics, hit the offensive glass hard (collecting a season-high six rebounds there on the evening) and jump-started his game with second-chance points. BAD MOVE:  Carlisle made a late switch in the starting lineup at small forward, inserting  Corey Brewer  in place of  Shawn Marion , who had clocked 38 minutes Tuesday night in Portland. But Brewer, who had played just 45 minutes in five games since joining the Mavericks, bombed; the starting five went down 19-7 after just 5:21. That opening stretch was bad enough that Carlisle burned a 20-second timeout in large part to get Jason Terry on the floor in place of Brewer, who didn't get off the bench again all night. QUOTABLE II:  "We've got to look at some of these guys we have. I had to see Brewer in a starting role. And we'll keep looking at things. We're far from settled, and we've got a lot of work to do."     -- Carlisle HOT:  Beaubois is rounding into form after missing six months due to a broken left foot. His 18 points came on 7-for-11 shooting, with four assists and a career-high four steals. And his defense helped force Ellis into those five turnovers. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Fans were given "Got Curry?" T-shirts as the Warriors staged "Bollywood Night" to celebrate the Indian-American portion of their fan base. NOTABLE:  Golden State point guard  Acie Law  replaced  Stephen Curry  for large chunks of the fourth quarter, setting new season highs in points (15) and assists (six). ... Warriors center  Andris Biedrins  suffered a sprained left ankle early in the third quarter and did not return. His status for the Warriors' next game, Friday in Phoenix, was unknown. ...  Tyson Chandler  had a coldly efficient 13-point (5-for-6 shooting), nine-rebound, two-steal night for the Mavericks. ... Warriors forward  Al Thornton , who had been moving up the depth chart, took a step back with a poor 8-minute stretch in the first half during which time Golden State was outscored by nine points. Thornton wasn't seen again. UP NEXT:  For the Mavericks, Friday vs. San Antonio, Sunday vs. Golden State, Thursday vs. Minnesota. For the Warriors, Friday @ Phoenix, Sunday @ Dallas, Monday @ San Antonio.  