Notebook: Grizzlies 96, Hornets 85 
 
 
 Marlon W. Morgan, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Mar 09, 2013 11:24 PM - Updated Sat Mar 09, 2013 11:24 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:  For the second straight game, the Memphis Grizzlies were able to rely on their offense, as well as their defense, as they put away the New Orleans Hornets 96-85 at FedExForum Saturday night. A night after shooting 50 percent in Cleveland, the Grizzlies shot  47 percent against the Hornets as  Mike Conley  led seven players in double figures with 22 points and eight assists. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We started the game playing pretty good defensively. That's what we're supposed to do every game. But I think tonight we came out with a better mindset, a better start. We know we can always play better."  
 -- Grizzlies center  Marc Gasol , who had 10 points, seven rebounds and six assists 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Grizzlies aren't exactly known as a shot-blocking team, but they posted 11 on the Hornets. Forward  Ed Davis , starting in place of  Zach Randolph  who was out for a fourth straight game with a left ankle sprain, had a career-high five blocked shots. Gasol added four. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Hornets came out in the second half and scored six straight points to tie the game at 47. That quickly got the Grizzlies attention as they went on a 16-3 run to take a 63-50 lead. It was a double-digit lead that the Grizzlies would maintain for the rest of the game. 
 
 HOT:  Sensing his team was going to need some scoring, Conley was far more aggressive than usually, using his speed and quickness to get past former teammate  Greivis Vasquez  and find lanes to the baskets. Conley made 8-for-15 shots. In addition to his eight assists, Conley had three steals and four rebounds. 
 
 NOT:  It was a rough night for New Orleans center  Robin Lopez . Lopez scored just three points, eight below his average, on 1-for-5 shooting from. He also had just one rebound, four less than his average. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I thought Ed Davis really outworked us tonight and a lot of times AD [ Anthony Davis]  was the guy trying to box him out. You know 20 [points] and 18 [rebounds], you can't argue with that, but at the same time, defensively, being able to keep guys off the glass is a tough deal. I thought Ed Davis was really effective tonight and AD is going to get stronger, for sure."  
 -- New Orleans coach  Monty Williams 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  New Orleans rookie forward Anthony Davis showed why he was the No. 1 pick in last year's draft. Davis had team highs of 20 points and 18 rebounds. Davis showed range with his jumper, as well as proving to be a tough matchup for the Grizzlies in the paint. ... Davis made his presence felt on the boards, picking up nine rebounds. Four of those came on the offensive glass which helped him score 12 points. ... The Grizzlies have now won four in a row and 12 of their last 13 games. They will take that streak on the road for a four-game trip out West, beginning Tuesday in Portland. The Grizzlies are 17-11 on the road this season and are two road wins shy of tying the club record for most road wins in a season. ... Grizzlies coach  Lionel Hollins  picked up his 200th career win. ... At 42-19, the Grizzlies are 23 games over .500. That ties the franchise's high for most games over .500, which was set during the 2003-04 season when they were 49-23. The Grizzlies are also eight wins shy of tying the club's mark for most wins in a season. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Hornets, Sunday vs. Portland, Tuesday at Brooklyn, Friday at Washington. For the Grizzlies, Tuesday at Portland, Wednesday at L.A. Clippers, Friday at Denver. 
