  Heat-Warriors notebook   By Geoff Lepper, for NBA.com Posted Saturday December 11, 2010 2:00AM THE FACTS:   Dwyane Wade  and  LeBron James  each made a run at a triple-double Friday before settling for the Miami Heat's seventh consecutive win, this one by a 106-84 count against the Golden State Warriors. Wade finished with 34 points, nine rebounds and seven assists and James had 25 points, seven boards and nine assists as Miami also posted its seventh straight win by a double-digit margin.  Monta Ellis  notched 20 points and seven assists but couldn't keep the Warriors from losing for the 11th time in 12 games. QUOTABLE:  "The second half, we got to look more to our identity: Defending and getting out in the open court. I think our guys are enjoying that, but understanding, more importantly, the correlation. You can't get out and run unless you're getting stops and rebounds -- and they were really committing to that. We were able to use our speed to get some easy ones up the court."    -- Miami coach  Erik Spoelstra THE STAT:  Miami outstripped the Warriors' once-proud fast break, scoring 27 points in transition to Golden State's seven. The Heat went a perfect 10-for-10 from the field in those situations. TURNING POINT:  After allowing the Warriors to hang close through a 48-45 first half, Miami scored on its initial nine possessions in the third quarter to craft an 18-3 run. It was a share-and-share-alike kind of spree: All five Heat starters -- Wade, James,  Chris Bosh ,  Carlos Arroyo  and  Zydrunas Ilgauskas  -- scored during the run and four of the five -- Ilgauskas being the only exception -- had at least one assist. HOT:  If the Heat's run to open the third quarter was a team affair, the end of that period was all James. With Wade resting on the bench, James went to work, nailing three 3-pointers in the final 88 seconds to cap a 36-point quarter and push Miami's lead to a comfortable 84-65. QUOTABLE II:  "They were the top guys on their respective teams, so they know when to push the button. I think what you are starting to see from them, they are starting to not defer as much to each other. They're trying to see what is taking place and then when one guy has is going and has a mismatch, they will read that."    -- Warriors coach  Keith Smart  on James and Wade NOT:  With  Stephen Curry 's services lost because of a sprained right ankle, the Warriors desperately needed a big game from 2010 All-Star  David Lee . But Bosh's pitiless defense completely smothered Lee, hounding him into 4-for-11 shooting through the first three quarters, when it was still a game. INSIDE THE ARENA:  James, who said before the game that he "didn't think we were going to be Team America when we all joined forces," received the loudest boos of any visiting player at Oracle Arena this season -- more than even Denver's  Al Harrington , who all but staged a one-man strike to force a trade from the Warriors in November 2008. . . . San Francisco Giants outfielder  Andres Torres  and Oakland boxing star  Andre Ward  were in the crowd, as was Giants president  Larry Baer , sitting in the front row next to Warriors owner  Joe Lacob . GOOD MOVE:  The Heat used a combination of James and Wade on Ellis, betting that Arroyo and  Mario Chalmers  could handle high-scoring sub  Reggie Williams , who was stepping into Curry's starting spot. The move paid off for Spoelstra; Williams went 4-for-11 for 13 points. ROOKIE WATCH:  After missing 22 games due to pre-season wrist surgery,  Ekpe Udoh  made his NBA debut at the 3:20 mark and knocked down his first professional shot. Udoh, the No. 6 selection in this summer's draft, hurt his left wrist in a pre-summer league workout at the Warriors facility on July 13. He underwent surgery the next day and was expected to be out until January at least or, in the worst-case, the All-Star break, but beat the predictions handily. NOTABLE:  The Heat set season highs in assists, with 33, and 3-point shooting, at 64.3 percent (9-for-14). . . . Miami center  Erick Dampier , who elicited a negative reaction from his former fans of seven years, set a season-high with seven rebounds. . . . Curry missed the game with his fourth notable sprain of his right ankle this season, and the recurrences have Smart worried: "You've got to be concerned a little bit, just because now he's rolling it without stepping on someone. Now it's fatiguing out a little bit." Smart said Curry will be re-evaluated before the Warriors' next game, but given that they have a back-to-back Monday in Utah and Tuesday at home, followed by a three-day break, it's possible Golden State could sit Curry until Saturday's game in Portland. . . .  Acie Law , signed by Golden State on Thursday in the wake of Curry's injury and Jeremy Lin's ineffectiveness, opened his second Warriors stint at the 11:00 mark of the second quarter. Law spent the first three weeks of last season with Golden State before being included in the Stephen Jackson fire sale to Charlotte. Law missed all four shots from the field, finishing with three points, three rebounds and an assist. UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Saturday @ Sacramento, Monday vs. New Orleans, Wednesday vs. Cleveland. For the Warriors, Monday @ Utah, Tuesday vs. Minnesota, Saturday at Portland.  