  Notebook: Wizards 102, Bobcats 99   By Derek S. Smith, for NBA.com Posted Saturday January 28, 2012 10:43PM THE FACTS:   Nick Young  scored eight of his 21 points in the fourth quarter to lift the Washington Wizards to a 102-99 win over the Charlotte Bobcats Saturday night at Time Warner Cable Arena. Charlotte had a chance to tie at the buzzer, but the shot by Matt Carroll fell short. It was the second win this week for the Wizards over the Bobcats this week. Charlotte's  Byron Mullens  led all scorers with 23 QUOTABLE:  "It was big. We both had just three wins. We did a good job sharing the ball and getting out on the break tonight. We played hard and we're starting to get it now."   -- Washington guard Nick Young THE STAT:  Road woes. The Wizards were 0-8 on the season away from the Verizon Center. It was the fourth time this season that the Bobcats have given a visiting team their first road win. Washington had just won three of its previous 50 games on the road. TURNING POINT:   Rashard Lewis ' steal. The Wizards took the lead for good on a 19-foot jumper from Nick Young. The play got setup off a steal from Lewis after consecutive turnovers by  Matt Carroll . Young's jumper capped back-to-back scoring possessions. HOT:  Mullens scored a career-high 23 points on 10-for-17 shooting. It was his third 20-plus point game this season and the 12th time in double figures. NOT:  Free Throws. The Charlotte Bobcats were aggressive and made it to the free throw line Saturday night however they were not effective once they got there. Charlotte was a 73.1 percent free throw shooting team coming into the contest, but made just 17-for-29 (.586) in their three-point loss. Had they shot their average on the season it would have resulted in an extra four points. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:   JaVale McGee . The Wizards athletic center turned in a double-double with a team-best 22 points and 10 rebounds. It was the seventh double-double for McGee. It was his third straight game with at least 10 rebounds and his first time in double figures since January 22. McGee also added five blocked shots and leads the NBA with 63 on the season. ROOKIE WATCH:  Charlotte rookie guard  Kemba Walker  had the third triple-double in Bobcats history. Walker went for 20 points, 10 rebounds and 11 assists. His rebound and assists were both career bests. Walker joins  Boris Diaw  and former Bobcat  Stephen Jackson  as the other members of the triple-double club. He is the first rookie this season to record a triple-double. NOTABLE:  Bobcats forward  Tyrus Thomas  notched his first double-double of the season with 13 points and 10 rebounds ... Diaw posted 21 points and a season-high 10 assists for his third double-double on the season ... Carroll was in double figures for the third straight game ...  DeSagana Diop  tied his career high with four assists ... The 31 assists for Charlotte was a season best ... Wizards forward  Trevor Booker  recorded a season-high 16 points ...  John Wall  tied his season high with 10 assists and posted his third double-double of the season ... Young posted his seventh game with 20 or more points and his 18th in double figures. UP NEXT:  For the Wizards, Monday vs. Chicago, Wednesday at Orlando and Friday at Toronto. For the Bobcats, Tuesday at L.A. Lakers, Wednesday at Portland and Saturday at Phoenix.  