Notebook: Pistons 117, Cavaliers 99 
 
 
 Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Feb 01, 2013 11:56 PM - Updated Fri Feb 01, 2013 11:56 PM 
 
 THE FACTS: Brandon Knight  had 20 points, 10 assists and six rebounds as the Detroit Pistons ended a two-game slide with a 117-99 win over the Cleveland Cavaliers on Friday. Rookie  Kyle Singler  had a career-high 20 points while  Greg Monroe  had 18 points and 16 rebounds for the Pistons, who have won all three meetings with their division rival.  Tristan Thompson  led the Cavs with 19 points but  Kyrie Irving , the league's No. 6 scorer, was limited to 14. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I try to keep it consistent no matter who I'm playing against but you definitely get up for somebody who came up in your own class and is a good player. It's not my job to see who I'm measured by, but the most important thing for myself is to try to reach my potential." --  Knight on his matchup with Irving. Knight was the No. 8 pick in the 2011 draft, while Irving was the top selection. 
 
 
 THE STAT:  2 ½ - 3. Cleveland coach  Byron Scott  was so upset with his team's performance that he threatened to run 2 ½ or 3-hour practices to get them to expend energy he's not seeing in the games. His team is ranked last in defensive field-goal percentage and allowed the Pistons to shoot 45 for 83 from the field. The Cavs also committed a season-high 33 fouls.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Cavs never led but they were within five midway through the third quarter. Then, the Pistons pulled away with a 23-9 run to make it 85-66.  Rodney Stuckey  scored 10 of his 14 points during that stretch while Knight had seven.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "Tonight, we did a good job of sharing the ball with each other. We were getting out on the break a lot more and if we had made our free throws, we would have won a lot bigger." --  Stuckey on Detroit's big offensive night. 
 
 
 HOT:  Knight bounced back from two subpar efforts. He was held to seven points at Indiana and 10 points against Milwaukee earlier in the week. His scoring was efficient, as he made half of his field-goal attempts, and he reached double digits in assists for the first time since his season-best 12 against Orlando on Nov. 16. His board work was a bonus, as he grabbed more than he made in his four previous games combined. 
 
 NOT:  Detroit just missed its season high of 119 points despite atrocious free throw shooting. It missed 23 of 43 attempts and actually shot better from the field (54.2 percent) than the foul line (53.5). The biggest culprits were Monroe (4 for 8),  Andre Drummond  (1 for 5) and  Charlie Villanueva  (3 for 8).  
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Singler's previous high was 16 points, which he achieved three times. He started at small forward for the second consecutive time after long-time Piston  Tayshaun Prince  was traded to Toronto this week. Drummond had nine points and five rebounds while Cleveland center  Tyler Zeller  was limited to two points and two rebounds. Shooting guard  Dion Waiters  had just six points on 2-for-7 shooting and made four turnovers. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Point guard  Jose Calderon , acquired by the Pistons on Wednesday in a three-team deal, did not play because of visa issues. Detroit coach  Lawrence Frank  said Calderon would start when he's cleared to play and Knight would move to shooting guard. ... The Cavaliers begin a seven-game homestand against Oklahoma City on Saturday. Their next road game is Feb. 23 against Orlando. ... Cleveland played without reserves  Luke Walton  (personal reasons) and  Daniel Gibson  (sprained toe). ...  Marreese Speights , who averaged 13 points in his first three games with Cleveland, contributed 17 points off the bench. ... Detroit had a 62-42 advantage in points in the paint. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Cavaliers, Saturday vs. Oklahoma City, Wednesday vs. Charlotte, Friday vs. Orlando. For the Pistons, Sunday vs. L.A. Lakers. Monday @ New York, Wednesday vs. Brooklyn.  
 . 
