Notebook: Warriors 98, Hornets 88 
 
 
 Ryan Leong, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Thu Apr 04, 2013 2:11 AM - Updated Thu Apr 04, 2013 2:11 AM 
 
 THE FACTS:   David Lee  led the Warriors with 23 points and 16 rebounds as Golden State maintained a one-game lead over the Houston Rockets for sixth in the West, beating the New Orleans Hornets 98-88. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We just tried to come in and be aggressive. We felt like there was a little bit of a lull in the building, the fans were kind of just waiting or chomping at the bit for us to give them something to cheer for and we just tried to come in with effort. Everybody respects that and whether it translated to us scoring or picking up our defense which I thought was the key to the ballgame, it ignited us and was able to push us over the hump."  
 -- Warriors guard  Jarrett Jack 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Warriors got contributions from their three big stars. In addition to Lee, point guard  Stephen Curry  scored 20 points and dished off nine assists. Jarrett Jack continues to make his case for sixth man of the year, 19 points and eight assists off the bench. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Golden State was down 28-19 after the first quarter as Curry was 0-for-5 from the field. But Curry would make four straight shots in the second quarter as the Warriors went on a 28-10 run to take the lead for good. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "Some guys had a tough shooting night but we had more defensive breakdowns in the first half than we've had in full games lately. They did a great job of exploiting that and it's tough when you play on the road and your second unit, you're looking for a bit of a boost from that group and we just didn't get that tonight." 
 -- Hornets coach  Monty Williams 
 
 
 HOT:  Hornets forward  Al-Farouq Aminu  made 7-for-8 shots scoring 14 points. Warriors guard Jarrett Jack made 8-for-11 for 19 points. 
 
 NOT:  Hornets rookie forward  Anthony Davis  making only 2-for-11 shots scoring six points. Forward  Ryan Anderson  scored 23 points in his last game vs. Cleveland, making 5-for-7 3s. But against Golden State, he shot just 1-for-8, making one 3-pointer. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  The Warriors using Jack and  Carl Landry  off the bench. Two key players that were on New Orleans last season. Those two combined to score 27 points while the Hornets bench only scored 15 points. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:   "His energy is amazing. He's been around the league and I think he really enjoys his place on this team and what he provides for us and the impact he has on us every single night so the fact that he's been playing well this year and we're winning, geared up for a playoff run, that's going to be a great opportunity for him to show what he's about and I think he's embracing that." 
 -- Stephen Curry on Jarrett Jack 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  David Lee recorded his league-leading 28th 20-point, 10-rebound game and his 50th double-double of the season. It's the third time in his career and first as a Warrior he's posted 50 or more double-doubles. It's also the first time since 2009-10 with New York. The Warriors completed their first 4-0 sweep of the Hornets. It was the 43rd win for Golden State, most since the 2007-08 season (48-34).  
 
 UP NEXT:   For the Hornets, Friday @ Utah, Sunday @ Phoenix, Tuesday @ L.A. Lakers. For the Warriors, Friday @ Phoenix, Sunday vs. Utah, Tuesday vs. Minnesota.  
