  Notebook: Bulls 89, Sixers 80 Posted Saturday March 17, 2012 11:51PM By Paul Ladewski, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Maybe it was glare of their St. Patrick's Day uniforms. More likely, it was the absence of  Derrick Rose  (groin) for the third consecutive game. Whatever the reason, it took the Chicago Bulls two-plus quarters to get untracked, overcome a 14-point deficit and record their 12th victory in the last 14 starts. While Rose could only watch in street clothes on the bench, the Bulls were out of sorts from the national anthem. In the first period, they connected on 5-of-18 field goal attempts and scored a season-low 11 points, their lowest total of the season. Worse yet, they were guilty of eight turnovers, which resulted in 11 points. The Bulls closed to within 44-38 at halftime, and with Rose's replacement in a lead role, they took the lead midway through the third quarter. Guard  C.J. Watson  scored half of his team-high 20 points in the period, and the visitors never got closer than two points the rest of the way. As a result, the Bulls moved three games ahead of the Miami Heat in the Eastern Conference race. QUOTABLE I:  "It's very important to get the first seed, take homecourt advantage and go from there. It will be pretty hard, but we've got to keep everyone healthy and try to win every game."    -- Watson THE STAT:  The Bulls won the battle of the boards by a 53-39 margin, the 16th time that they had 50-plus rebounds in one game. No other team has more than nine in the league. QUOTABLE II:  "Once again, rebounding was the story. That is how we won the game."    -- Bulls head coach  Tom Thibodeau TURNING POINT:  The Bulls rallied after Thibodeau was socked with his second technical foul in as many nights early in the third period. His team immediately went on a 12-5 run to take a three-point advantage. QUOTABLE III:  "Well, it will have an effect on my wallet. I said something that I should not have said. Sometimes you got to do what you got to do."    -- Thibodeau GOOD MOVE:  In the absence of Rose, 76ers guard  Jrue Holiday  wasted no time attacking the basket aggressively. He scored nine of his team-high 30 points in the first period. None of his teammates scored more than 10 points, however. BAD MOVE:  The inability of the 76ers to acquire an established inside option before the trade deadline continues to undermine their halfcourt offense .The front line of  Elton Brand ,  Spencer Hawes  and  Andre Iguodala  combined for 19 points. Brand had two shot attempts in 31 minutes. QUOTABLE IV : "One of the things that we struggle with is our halfcourt offense. The ball just sort of stuck a little bit tonight. We did a lot off the dribble. That's what happens to us in a lot of situations. When teams get physical with us, we don't move the ball quite as well. Usually, E.B. becomes the recipient of not getting those shots."   -- 76ers head coach  Doug Collins . HOT:  The Bulls haven't lost consecutive games since Feb. 5-7, 2011, a span of 78 games. NOT:  The Bulls bricked their first seven field goal attempts and didn't get off the schneid until the 5:11 mark, when forward  Carlos Boozer  (11 points) drained an 18-footer. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Hall of Famers  Kareem Abdul-Jabbar ,  Scottie Pippen  and  Dave Winfield  were among those in the sellout crowd. NOTABLE:  After a one-game absence, Hawes (sore left Achilles) returned to the line-up and scored 10 points in 22 minutes ... Forward  Andres Nocioni  played his final game in a 76ers uniform after he reached an agreement to pursue other options. He could return to his native Argentina in advance of the Summer Olympics ... Bulls guard  Richard Hamilton  (sore right shoulder) also did not play. UP NEXT:  For Philadelphia, Monday at Charlotte, Wednesday vs. New York, and Friday vs. Boston. For Chicago, Monday at Orlando, Wednesday at Toronto, and Mar. 24 vs. Toronto.  