  Notebook: Suns 107, Jazz 105 Posted Thursday April 5, 2012 12:45AM By Andrew Aragon, for NBA.com THE FACTS:   Steve Nash  made what could have been a game-costing mistake. He made amends, and gave the Phoenix Suns' playoff hopes a lift. Nash hit the game-winning basket with 1.7 seconds left to give the Suns a 107-105 win over the Utah Jazz on Wednesday night. The Suns gained a full game on Utah and Denver, which lost to New Orleans, and a half-game on idle Houston in the Western Conference playoff race. It was Phoenix's seventh straight victory over Utah. Phoenix had a balanced attack with seven players scoring in double figures. Reserve  Michael Redd  led the way with 19 points. Paul Millsap  nearly won the game for the Jazz with 25 points, eight rebounds, six assists and three steals.  Gordon Hayward  had 20 points and 10 rebounds. QUOTABLE:  "Steve made two big shots for us, which I've seen the last eight years. We actually had lost the ball [on the final possession] and he just picked it up. He's so conscientious of things going on. He jumped up and shot it in. That's not a surprise. I've seen it before."   -- Suns coach  Alvin Gentry  on Nash's game-winning heroics. THE STAT:  The Suns' balance and bench effort gave them a huge advantage over the Jazz. Phoenix's reserves outscored Utah's bench 46-20. The Jazz only played nine guys, and none of the four reserves scored in double figures. The Suns, meanwhile, got great lifts from Redd,  Sebastian Telfair  and rookie  Markieff Morris . TURNING POINT:  In a wildly entertaining game that featured 20 lead changes, it was going to come down to who made plays late in the contest. Nash scored the game-winning points after Utah had deflected a pass on Phoenix's final possession. Nash regained possession, split two defenders and hit a running jumper before Utah could reset. After Nash's shot,  Jared Dudley  partially blocked a 3-point attempt by  C.J. Miles  that would have won the game for Utah. Millsap collected the loose ball and scored, but it came after time expired. HOT:   Marcin Gortat  was efficient with 14 points on 7-for-10 shooting and eight rebounds. Millsap had 10 points, three rebounds and two steals in the fourth quarter. Hayward had one of his best games of the season, recording the first double-double of his career. NOT:  Jazz point guards  Earl Watson  and  Jamaal Tinsley  struggled, combining to shoot 1-for-5 while scoring seven points. They did, however, combine to dish 10 assists.  Robin Lopez  shot 1-for-5 for the Suns, but finished with seven points and seven rebounds. BAD MOVE:  Nash committed a clear-path foul on Millsap after the Jazz forward stole the ball from him with 34.8 seconds left. Phoenix led 103-100 at the time, and the foul gave Utah two free throws and possession. Millsap, however, made just one of the two free throws, and the Jazz only tied the game rather than taking the lead. Of course, Nash more than made up for the mistake later in the quarter. QUOTABLE II:  "We ran a play to get  Channing  [ Frye ] a shot and then Michael [Redd] a shot and neither of them got it. The ball kind of fumbled to me. I was able to get Millsap, I think, off his feet and I was able to lean in and just make one. I knew we didn't have a ton of time, but I didn't have to rush. I saw Gortat open under the basket, but I didn't want to mess around with it."   -- Suns guard Steve Nash on the play that put his team ahead. ROOKIE WATCH:  Morris entered the game in the first quarter and gave the Suns a boost. He topped his season average (6.9 points per game) by scoring nine of his 11 points in his first three minutes of play. Utah's  Alec Burks  played 19 minutes and scored six points. QUOTABLE III:  "I think to be over .500 right now we've overachieved. We are gaining confidence and we believe that we can keep winning. The spirit is good. Guys are sticking together and playing hard. When we were 12-19 it could have gone the other way."   -- Suns guard Steve Nash on the team's resurgence. NOTABLE:  Jazz starting point guard  Devin Harris  did not play after spraining his left ankle against Portland on Monday. It was the second home game in a row that the Jazz have had a last-second tip-in reviewed and called off. Miles had 22 points for the Jazz.  Shannon Brown , starting for the injured  Grant Hill , had 11 points to score in double figures for the sixth straight game. UP NEXT:  For the Suns, Friday @ Denver, Saturday vs. L.A. Lakers, Monday @ Minnesota. For the Jazz, Friday vs. Golden State, Sunday @ San Antonio, Monday vs. San Antonio.  