  Notebook: Spurs 96, Bulls 89 Posted Thursday March 1, 2012 12:37AM By Tim Price, for NBA.com THE FACTS: Derrick Rose  enjoyed another productive night against San Antonio, leading all scorers with 29 points and helping the Chicago Bulls to a 96-89 win over the Spurs on Wednesday at AT&T Center. Rose, who averaged 37.5 points against the Spurs last season, was only 10-of-23 from the floor including just 1-of-5 on 3-pointers. But he made all eight of his free throws while the Bulls (29-8) won their fourth straight. The Spurs (24-11) got 18 points and 10 rebounds from  Tim Duncan , and their most production from the backcourt came from the bench when  Gary Neal  scored 21 points in 24 minutes. Coming into the game the Spurs had won 12 of 13 and all but one home game. QUOTABLE:  "Down the stretch Chicago showed why they've won all those games. They made shots and were real solid defensively."   --  Spurs head coach  Gregg Popovich. THE STAT:  Rose played 2 1/2 fewer minutes than rival point guard  Tony Parker , but he walked away with the better stats and the win. Most importantly, he forced the action on offense by getting to the free throw line eight times compared to two for Parker. Parker missed 11 shots from the floor (Rose missed 13) and turned the ball over three times while scoring 11 points -- his lowest total since five against Memphis on Jan. 30. TURNING POINT:  It looked like San Antonio could roll on past the Bulls following the 24-15 third quarter when Chicago shot 6-of-24. The Spurs were up by four in the opening minute of the fourth quarter, but  C.J. Watson  and  Ronnie Brewer  came off the bench to turn it around. Watson had two steals that set up Brewer for two of his three baskets to open the final-quarter scoring for Chicago and give the Bulls the lead. Chicago shot almost 67 percent in the fourth, including 4-of-5 from Brewer. HOT: Luol Deng  is either right on with his 3-point touch or way off. He was 1-of-5 from the line the previous night against New Orleans and he was 1-of-6 from the floor with a missed 3-pointer through the first three quarters at San Antonio. But, off two pick-and-pop feeds from Rose, Deng knocked down a pair of threes in the final 4 1/2 minutes. He's shooting 40 percent from the 3-point line this season. NOT: Richard Hamilton  has had a slow return to form after missing multiple games prior to the All-Star break. This was his second game back after a thigh injury, and he went 1-of-8 from the floor in 15 1/2 minutes at San Antonio. He was 2-of-5 in almost 17 minutes the prior night against New Orleans. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Though Rose came up one point short of scoring in the 30s for the second consecutive night,  Joakim Noah  had a consecutive double-double with 10 points and 13 rebounds. It's just two games removed from his first career triple-double (13 points, 13 rebounds, 10 assists against Milwaukee). ROOKIE WATCH: Kawhi Leonard  missed his first game as a pro, sitting out this one because of tightness in his left hamstring that first started giving him trouble in the last game before the All-Star break. NOTABLE:  The Spurs starting lineup of Duncan, Parker,  Richard Jefferson, DeJuan Blair  and  Danny Green  lost for the first time this season (that lineup was 7-0). The Chicago starters of Rose, Deng, Hamilton, Noah and  Carlos Boozer  are now 6-1. ... The Spurs had a record of 17-1 (10-0 at home) in games when they lead heading into the fourth quarter. San Antonio led the Bulls 66-65 heading into the fourth quarter on Wednesday. ... This was the first of a seven-game homestand for the Spurs. ... The Bulls won in San Antonio for only the third time in the last 13 tries. ... Neal was called for a technical foul for delay of game in the first quarter when he checked in for the first time. He was sitting and tying his shoes when he was buzzed into the game. ... The two oldest players on the court -- 35-year-old Duncan and 34-year-old Hamilton -- started the game a combined 0-of-10 from the floor (each went 0-5). UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Friday @ Cleveland, Sunday @ Philadelphia, Monday vs. Indiana. For the Spurs, Friday vs. Charlotte, Sunday vs. Denver, Wednesday vs. New York.  