Notebook: Celtics 100, Heat 98 2OT 
 
 
 Brian Robb, For NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Jan 27, 2013 6:31 PM - Updated Sun Jan 27, 2013 6:31 PM 
 
 THE FACTS: Paul Pierce  had a triple-double and hit the game-winning jumper with 30 seconds remaining, helping to snap Boston's six-game losing streak with a 100-98 victory over the Miami Heat in double overtime Sunday. The impressive victory and  Ray Allen 's return to the TD Garden was overshadowed by the news that the Celtics will be without  Rajon Rondo,  who tore his right ACL, for the remainder of the season. He suffered the injury Friday night in Atlanta. Pierce (17 points, 13 rebounds, 10 assists) and  Kevin Garnett  (24 points, 11 rebounds) carried the shorthanded Celtics without their All-Star point guard.   LeBron James  had a game-high 34 points for the visitors, who had their four-game winning streak snapped.  
 
 QUOTABLE : "You can write the obituary. I'm not. You can go ahead, but I'm not. We won tonight, so, the way I look at is, we're going to stay in there." 
 -- Celtics coach  Doc Rivers  on the Celtics' chances this season without Rondo 
 
 THE STAT : The Celtics limited the Heat to just 25 percent shooting (5-for-20) during the game's two overtimes, willing their way to a win on the defensive end of the floor.  
 
 TURNING POINT : On the game's final possession, the Heat trailed by two but had a chance to tie the game after calling timeout with five seconds remaining. Rivers inserted  Avery Bradley  into the game to cover Dwayne Wade for the possession and the move worked as his suffocating defense forced Wade to pass the ball out to  Shane Battier  as the clock ran out. Battier missed a desperation 3-pointer, allowing the Celtics to escape with the win. 
 
 QUOTABLE II : "I think it's terrible. As much as a competitor and as much as I've been a rival with Boston over the years, I never want to see anyone go down. I think it's terrible, not only for their team, but the league." 
 -LeBron James on Rondo's injury 
 
 HOT :   Chris Bosh  -- Miami's big man had a strong game on both ends of the floor, hitting 7-for-12 shots to finish with 16 points, while grabbing 16 rebounds.  
 
 NOT : Wade -- The shooting guard's hot streak was derailed in the second half, as Wade shot just 25 percent (3-for-12) from the field after intermission, and scored just nine points in the second half and both overtimes combined.  
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT : Pierce  -- It was the first triple-double of the season for the Celtic, who had a season-high 10 assists, while helping to fill in for Rondo at the point guard spot.   
 
 QUOTABLE III : "It was very weird. Going into the other locker room [was weird]. It's been a long time since I've been on that side of the hallway. It was an adjustment. The whole year's been an adjustment, being in Miami after being in Boston for so long. It was definitely a weird feeling for me." 
 -- Ray Allen on playing for the first time at the TD Garden as a member of the Miami Heat 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH: Jared Sullinger  -- The 20-year-old was inserted back into the starting lineup in place of  Brandon Bass  at the power forward spot to help give the starters a spark. Sullinger scored seven points and grabbed four rebounds in 22 minutes of action.  
 
 NOTABLE : There were 19 lead changes and 20 ties in the back and forth affair. ... The Heat took advantage of the Celtics on the offensive glass with 17 offensive rebounds, leading to 18 second chance points. ... It was the second straight double overtime game for Boston. ... James played a game-high 51 minutes. Allen scored 21 points in his return to the TD Garden. ... The crowd gave the former Celtic a standing ovation in the first quarter when a video tribute was shown on the Jumbotron at the TD Garden. ...  Courtney Lee  started in place of Rondo at guard. ... Rondo was taken to the hospital this morning and was tested by doctors there after reporting knee pain before the team's shootaround. An MRI confirmed the right ACL tear.     
 
 UP NEXT : For Miami, Wednesday @ Brooklyn, Friday @ Indiana, Sunday @ Toronto. For Boston, Wednesday vs. Sacramento, Friday vs. Charlotte, Sunday vs. LA Clippers.   
