  Bobcats-Bulls notebook   By Kent McDill, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday February 15, 2011 11:56PM THE FACTS:  The Bulls finally figured out how to beat Charlotte, defeating the visiting Bobcats 106-94 Tuesday. Charlotte beat the Bulls in the first two meetings of the season.  Luol Deng  led the Bulls with 24 points, and  Derrick Rose  had a double-double with 18 points and 13 assists.  Stephen Jackson  led the Bobcats with 20 points. THE FACTS II:  Charlotte, coming off a 20-point win against the Los Angeles Lakers Monday, twice came back from a double-digit deficit to tie the game. But the Bulls took control in the fourth quarter. Chicago got 21 points from 3-point range, with  Keith Bogans  and  Kyle Korver  hitting three bombs each. The Bulls have won 14 of their last 15 home games. QUOTABLE:  "You can't leave him open. Everybody knows he can't do anything else but shoot. You have to respect him as a shooter. He can't really do anything else, but if you let him sit out there and shoot he's going to kill you."    -- Charlotte guard Stephen Jackson on Bulls swingman Kyle Korver, who was 5-for-5 Tuesday, including three 3-pointers, for 15 points. THE STAT:  The Bobcats bench contributed 43 points, led by  Gerald Henderson  with 22 points.  Shaun Livingston  had 13 points. The Bulls got 15 points from Korver and 11 from  Taj Gibson  off the bench. THE STAT II:  After making eight 3-pointers against the Lakers on Monday, the Bobcats had only two 3-pointers out of 11 attempts against the Bulls. TURNING POINT:  The Bulls scored eight points in a row early in the fourth quarter, stretching a five-point lead into a 13-point lead, 88-75. Four different players scored in that stretch. HOT:  Kyle Korver was 5-for-5 from the field for his 15 points. NOT: Gerald Wallace , who hurt the Bulls in the first two meetings, was 3-for-9 for nine points from the field Tuesday. ROOKIE WATCH:  Center  Omer Asik  continues to improve for the Bulls. He had seven rebounds in 14 minutes. QUOTABLE II:  "After last night, we just didn't have it."    -- Charlotte coach  Paul Silas , referring to the Bobcats' 20-point win over the Lakers on Monday. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Hall of Famers and former Bulls teammates  Scottie Pippen  and  Michael Jordan  sat together alongside the Charlotte bench on the west end of the arena. Another Hall of Famer, new NFL inductee and former Chicago Bear defensive end  Richard Dent , was also in attendance and visited with Jordan before the game. NOTABLE:  In the 1,000th game of his career, Bulls starting center  Kurt Thomas  scored six points and had five rebounds and one blocked shot in 27 minutes. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Thursday vs. San Antonio, Feb. 23 @ Toronto, Feb. 24 vs. Miami; For the Bobcats, Tuesday vs. Toronto, Feb. 25 vs. Sacramento, Feb. 27 @ Orlando  