Notebook: Heat 100, Raptors 85 
 
 
 Duane Watson, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Feb 03, 2013 5:58 PM - Updated Sun Feb 03, 2013 5:58 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:  The Miami Heat (30-14) took a different approach going into the fourth quarter and outscored and outworked the Toronto Raptors (17-31) for a 100-85 win at Air Canada Centre on Sunday afternoon. Down by as many as eight points and a close game through the first three quarters, the Heat broke free outscoring the Raptors 29-18 in the final frame. The Heat were led by  LeBron James ' game-high 30 points, eight rebounds and seven assists, including seven of the last Miami points to close the game.  Chris Bosh  scored 22 of his 28 points in the second half for the Heat, while  Dwyane Wade  added 23 points, five rebounds and five assists. 
 The Raptors took a 50-44 lead into halftime, but started the third quarter surrendering six turnovers in the first six minutes after only giving up six turnovers for the first half. The Heat took advantage going on a 14-4 run, carrying a 71-67 lead into the fourth quarter. The Heat's 16-4 point run to close the game led by Bosh and LeBron, who both also netted 3-point shots during that run was too much, while the Raptors only shot 389 from the field In the final frame. 
 The Raptors were led by  Rudy Gay's  team-high 29 points and  DeMar DeRozan's  27 points, who were the core of the Raptors offense. The Heat win sends Heat coach,  Erik Spoelstra t o his second consecutive All-Star game. 
 
 QUOTABLE : I think its awesome, a testament to our coaches prepping us and as players we go out there and execute their game plan. We're happy for them and we're going to be well represented in Houston." --  Heat forward James on  Erik Spoelstra  and staff coaching at the All-Star Game. 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Miami's big three accounted for 81 of the team's 100 points. It's impossible to stop all three of them, but you have to force them to find their offense from other members of the team. James, Bosh and Wade almost outscored the entire Raptors squad.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  With 2:42 left in the fourth quarter, Bosh nailed a 23' 3-point shot from the corner that put the Heat up 90-83. It all took but the fight out of Toronto and Miami went on to outscore them 10-2 for the duration of the game. Bosh was hot in the quarter scoring 13 to the Raptors team output of 18 points. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "In terms of a guy dominating a game in the last three or four minutes when he's trying to be a facilitator, speaks to how competitive he is and what kind of winning plays he can make in the post game." --  Spoelstra on James' finish in the game . 
 
 HOT:  Gay definitely looked comfortable with his new team matching his 20-point output in his first game on Friday as a reserve. He scored 20-points in his first start for Toronto in the first half of the game on 8-for-12 shooting. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:   Shane Battier  drew two big charges, particularly with 1:49 left in the game on Gay as the Raptors were trying to make their last rally. 
 
 NOTABLE:   Landry Fields  didn't suit up for the Raptors due to back spasms. The Miami Heat have won 11 games in a row against the Raptors. With this win, Spoelstra will coach the Eastern Conference squad at the NBA All-Star Game. The Heat end their four-game road trip at 2-2 and return home for five straight. The Raptors are 1-1 on their current three-game home stand.  
 
 NEXT:  For the Raptors: Wednesday vs. Boston, Friday @ Indiana at Dallas, Sunday vs. New Orleans. For the Heat: Monday vs. Charlotte, Wednesday vs. Houston and Friday vs. Clippers.  
