  Notebook: Lakers 112, Mavericks 108 Posted Sunday April 15, 2012 8:27PM By Dan Arritt, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  With their leading scorer and designated closer sidelined for a fifth consecutive game, the Lakers needed others to step up down the stretch Sunday afternoon against the visiting Mavericks. They got what they needed.  Ramon Sessions  helped the Lakers get into overtime with three key baskets down the stretch of regulation,  Pau Gasol  matched his career high with two 3-pointers early in overtime and  Metta World Peace  sank a crucial jumper with just over a minute remaining, lifting the Lakers to a 112-108 victory at Staples Center. QUOTABLE:  "Obviously, it's not a shot I take very often, but I have taken a few more this year than I have in my career. I've worked on it and it works out sometimes."   -- Gasol on his 3-point baskets THE STAT:  The Lakers have won four consecutive games without  Kobe Bryant , the NBA's leading scorer who's still nursing a bruised left shin. The last three wins have come against playoff-caliber teams, the Spurs, Nuggets and Mavericks. TURNING POINT:  Sessions scored seven of his 22 points in the final six minutes of regulation to pull the Lakers back from a five-point deficit, but missed a 14-footer with 1.5 seconds remaining that would have won the game. Gasol, who came in with 24 3-pointers in his 11-year career, sank back-to-back 3s from in front of the Dallas bench to match his career high for a game. That gave the Lakers the lead for good, 106-104, with 2:55 left in overtime, and World Peace sank an 18-foot fadeaway with 1:04 left to push the advantage to four points.  Jason Terry  had a chance to tie the score, but missed a four-foot runner with three seconds left and the ball ended up in the hands of the Lakers, allowing Gasol to seal the win with two free throws with a half-second on the clock. HOT:  The Lakers received great balance from their starters, as well as another strong game off the bench from  Matt Barnes .  Andrew Bynum  bounced back from a slow start, possibly due to an upper respiratory illness, and finished with 23 points and 16 rebounds. Sessions scored 22 points, highlighted by his fourth-quarter surge, and Gasol scored eight of his 20 points in overtime and grabbed 10 rebounds. Barnes just missed a triple-double, finishing with 11 points, 11 rebounds and a season-high eight assists. NOT:  The opening quarter was anything but a display of effective front-court play. Bynum, Gasol and the two 7-footers for Dallas,  Dirk Nowitzki  and  Brendan Haywood , were a combined 1-for-15 from the floor with three points. Nowitzki missed his first seven field-goal attempts before finding his shot in spurts. He still finished 9-for-28 from the floor with 24 points and 14 rebounds. In the four-game sweep by the Lakers this season, Nowitzi was a combined 36-for-90 (40 percent). QUOTABLE II:  "He had some opportunities that he missed. We've got to get him some better looks. Nine-for-28 is not a Dirk Nowitzki night."   --Dallas coach  Rick Carlisle GOOD MOVE:  Dallas guard  Delonte West  was the best player on the floor during the first half, scoring 16 points on 8-for-11 shooting. Lakers coach  Mike Brown  made the decision to move World Peace away from  Shawn Marion  and stick him on West. That seemed to do the trick, as West made just one basket and scored four points the rest of the way. BAD MOVE:  After Terry missed his final runner in overtime, the ball ended up in the hands of Marion, but he threw it right to Barnes on the perimeter. Barnes was immediately fouled by West, leaving 3.8 seconds on the game clock to either force a turnover on the in-bounds pass, or immediately send one of the Lakers to the free throw line. Marion didn't do either. Instead, he tried to nudge Gasol into a traveling violation after he caught the in-bounds pass, wasting about three seconds off the clock. By the time Gasol was finally fouled by Marion, only a half-second remained in the game. Gasol ended some of the second-guessing by making both free throws to extend the lead to four points. NOTABLE:  Bryant told a television reporter during a break in the action that he intends to return before the playoffs. The Lakers have five games remaining ... The Lakers improved to 9-1 in overtime games over the last two seasons. In their last 24 overtime games, they are 21-3 ... The Mavericks played without backup guard  Roddy Beaubois , who strained his calf Friday in Portland ... Dallas fell to 18-2 this season when scoring at least 100 points ... Nowitzki went over the 24,000-point mark for his career, joining Bryant and  Kevin Garnett  as the only active players in that group. UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Tuesday vs. San Antonio, Wednesday @ Golden State, Friday @ San Antonio, Sunday vs. Oklahoma City. For the Mavericks, Monday @ Utah, Wednesday vs. Houston, Friday vs. Golden State.  