  Heat-Bucks notebook   By Rick Braun, for NBA.com Posted Saturday January 8, 2011 12:28AM THE FACTS:  Defense ruled the night, and  LeBron James  and Co. made just enough shots to get by. James scored 26 points to lead the Miami Heat to a 101-95 overtime victory over the Milwaukee Bucks Friday night in Milwaukee on a night where the Big Three of James,  Dwyane Wade  and  Chris Bosh  combined to make just 18 of 58 shots. QUOTABLE:  "We got stops and we made it tough on them. To go into overtime and still hold a team under 100 seriously shows what the Miami Heat is about in identity. Tonight, with our offense not being the way it's been recently -- not shooting a high percentage -- and to still grit out a win on the road, that's a great feeling."   -- Wade. THE STAT:  The Heat shot 39.3 percent (35 of 89) for the night -- just the third time this season Miami shot under 40 percent. Miami lost the other two games it failed to crack 40 percent. TURNING POINT:  The two teams traded a basket to start the overtime before Bosh put Miami ahead for good, 95-93, with two free throws with 2:28 left in the extra period. After both teams missed,  Carlos Arroyo  stepped in front of a  John Salmons  pass for a steal and layup with 1:21 left, and the Bucks never got back to even again, although  Earl Boykins ' 3-pointer that would have given the Bucks a 98-97 lead rimmed out with 17 seconds left. QUOTABLE II:  "We didn't change our coverage at all. We were just a little more active in trying to deny him the ball a little bit because he had it going every time he touched the ball."   -- James on how the Heat shut down  Chris Douglas-Roberts  over the final six minutes of regulation and the five minutes of overtime. HOT:  Douglas-Roberts scored 30 points and made 12-for-19 shots to fall one point short of his career high. NOT:  Douglas-Roberts did not score after the 6:25 mark of the fourth quarter, missing the last three shots he took. ... James (8-for-23), Wade (4-for-19) and Bosh (6-for-16) combined to go just 18-for-58 (31 percent). FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Bucks center  Andrew Bogut  claimed a career-best 27 rebounds, besting his previous high by three. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Green Bay Packers running back  Ryan Grant  and Pro Bowl safety  Nick Collins  were in front-row seats, as was Buffalo Bills wide receiver  Lee Evans , a University of Wisconsin product. ROOKIE WATCH:  Highlight a rookie and write a short sentence on his performance. NOTABLE:  The sellout of 18,717 was the Bucks' first of the season. ... Miami has now won eight straight and 20 of its last 21 games. The Heat also has a 12-game road winning streak. ... Douglas-Roberts' career-high of 31 points came in the Bradley Center last season on Nov. 18, 2009 against the Bucks while with the New Jersey Nets. ... Douglas-Roberts' big night Friday was marred by the fact he missed two free throws with 26.6 seconds left in regulation. UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Sunday @ Portland, Wednesday @ Los Angeles Clippers, Thursday @ Denver. For the Bucks, Saturday @ New Jersey, Tuesday @ Atlanta, Wednesday vs. San Antonio.  