Notebook: Magic 102, Warriors 94 
 
 
 Geoff Lepper, For NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Dec 04, 2012 2:22 AM - Updated Tue Dec 04, 2012 2:22 AM 
 
 THE FACTS :  Glen Davis  and  Arron Afflalo  each scored 24 points as the Orlando Magic pulled away in the fourth quarter for a 102-94 victory against the Golden State Warriors on Monday night. 
 
 J.J. Redick  tallied 10 of his 22 points in final period, when the Magic (7-10) outscored the Warriors 33-25 and led by as many as 14 points. Orlando has opened 2-0 on a five-game Western swing. 
 
 Stephen Curry  notched a game-high 25 points for the Warriors (10-7), along with 11 assists for his third consecutive game with at least 20 and 10, respectively, in those categories. The loss broke Golden State's five-game winning streak at Oracle Arena, just before the Warriors leave on a seven-game road trip, their longest of the season. 
 
 QUOTABLE : "[We have] been talking about not turning the ball over, making the easy pass and rebounding the basketball. When these things create wins and a positive atmosphere for us to live in, then I think it makes the guys feel good." 
 -- Orlando coach  Jacque Vaughn 
 
 
 THE STAT : Golden State held the Magic to 43.5 percent shooting from the floor, but created just eight turnovers, a mark that ties for the season-low by a Warriors opponent. Orlando forced 14 miscues by the hosts, and beat Golden State 23-10 in terms of points off turnovers. 
 
 TURNING POINT : Coming off an emotional win Sunday against the Lakers and former Magic star  Dwight Howard , Vaughn did a sterling job of distributing his team's workload during the first three quarters Monday. That kept big men Davis and  Nikola Vucevic  fresh for the fourth quarter, when they tore apart a Warriors club that stubbornly stuck to a small lineup. The setup left  Carl Landry, Draymond Green  or even, down the stretch,  Jarrett Jack  trying to defend larger men on the low block. Orlando finished with 48 points in the paint, 14 in the fourth quarter. On the night, Vucevic had 14 points and a career-high 15 rebounds. 
 
 QUOTABLE II : "The problem with staying small is then you start getting into junk defense and switches and maybe you lose your man. I think that actually helped us. They were always having to put someone small on Glenn [Davis] and that created a lot of problems, where we were able to get into some drive and kicks, guys hit some 3s. It opened things up for us." 
 -- J.J. Redick 
 
 HOT : Davis slumped after a season-opening 29 points, but has come to life in California. In addition to the 24 points, he had six boards, four assists and a pair of blocks. Davis' drive and kick out to  E'Twaun Moore  for a 3-pointer with 9:58 remaining gave Orlando the lead for good, and he was singled out for praise from Vaughn. 
 
 QUOTABLE III : "He's growing as a player. Just because you have 'X' amount of years in the league doesn't mean you can't get better and grow as a player. I think he's seeing the floor better, his shots are coming and they're coming unforced. And, at the same time, he's becoming a great passer." 
 -- Jacque Vaughn, on Davis 
 
 NOT :  Klay Thompson , who missed his final nine shots in the Warriors' previous game, had a rough night from the floor again, going 3-for-12. 
 ROOKIE WATCH: Warriors forward  Harrison Barnes  had nine points, four rebounds, two assists and two blocks. One of the swats was a stupendous chase-down-from-behind job on Afflalo, who was stuffed by Golden State on back-to-back fast break attempts. 
 
 NOTABLE :  David Lee  had his sixth 20-point game of the season with 22, but fell short of another double-double with nine rebounds. ... The Warriors had been bidding to sweep a homestand of at least four games for the first time since 1992. ... This is Orlando's first win of the season while completing a back-to-back situation. ... The Magic are 3-0 against Pacific Division opponents. 
 
 UP NEXT : For the Magic, Wednesday @ Utah, Friday @ Sacramento, Sunday @ Phoenix. For the Warriors, Wednesday @ Detroit, Friday @ Brooklyn, Saturday @ Washington. 
