
 Clippers-Grizzlies notebook   By Marlon W. Morgan, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday April 5, 2011 11:56PM THE FACTS:  Memphis led by as many 13 points and took a nine-point lead into the fourth quarter. But led by guard  Mo Williams , the Los Angeles Clippers came storming back to pull out a controversial, 82-81, win to snap the Grizzlies' six-game home winning streak. The game was decided when Clippers guard  Eric Bledsoe  barreled into  Tony Allen  with the shot clock winding down and 5.7 seconds left in the game. Official  Violet Palmer  called a block, while  Tony Brothers  whistled a charge. When the two couldn't agree, both players were called for a foul and a jump ball ensued.  Chris Kaman  tipped the ball to a  Blake Griffin , who handed it to Williams to end the game. QUOTABLE:  ``It was a block. I was trying to go to the rim and he was running up and then fell and I just threw the ball up. So I think it was a block.''    -- Clippers guard Bledsoe. THE STAT:  The Grizzlies entered the game shooting .494 from the floor since the All-Star break, the second highest percentage in the NBA. But against the Clippers, the Grizzlies shot a woeful .395, which snapped their string of eight consecutive games of shooting above .500 at home. TURNING POINT:  With 2:02 remaining,  Zach Randolph  hit a jumper from the corner to put the Grizzlies up 79-76 as they looked to close out the game. But Williams immediately answered with a 3-pointer to tie the game, then after Randolph turned the ball over, Williams converted a three-point play to put the Clippers back on top for good, 82-79. HOT:  It was the Clippers fourth quarter defense that enabled them to win the game. The Clippers `D' held the Grizzlies to 6 of 19 shooting (.31.6 percent) in the final period and came up with two huge turnovers in the final two minutes. The Grizzlies scored 13 points in the quarter, their lowest in the final quarter this season. NOT:  The Grizzlies bench has provided plenty of scoring the last couple of months, but Tuesday simply was not their night. Of the seven reserves that played, none scored more than four points ( Shane Battier ). They shot a combined 5-for-25 (20 percent) from the floor.  Darrell Arthur  was 0 for 7 and  O.J. Mayo  was 1 for 9. GOOD MOVE:  With his team down, 68-59, heading into the fourth quarter, Clippers coach  Vinny Del Negro  opted to go with the three-guard lineup of Williams, Bledsoe and  Randy Foye . That trio caused problems on both ends of the floor. Williams scored nine of his team-high 16 in the period. Defensively, they held  Mike Conley , Allen and Battier to a combined eight points. QUOTABLE II:  "We can't take these teams lightly. These teams that have nothing to do for the postseason, they're coming out there and playing with pride. All they're doing is playing for next year. They're coming to show their coach that they need to be reckoned with for the next season. We have to understand that we have to work on what we have to do for the postseason."    -- Grizzlies guard  Tony Allen NOTABLE:  Although the Grizzlies' loss dropped them to the eighth spot in the Western Conference playoff race, they managed to hold onto their three-game lead over Houston which lost at home to Sacramento. That means the Grizzlies magic number for clinching a playoff spot now stands at two with four games remaining. ... The loss was the first this season when the Grizzlies held a halftime lead at home. It was also their first loss at home to a sub-.500 team since Dec. 21 when they lost to New Jersey. ... The Clippers snapped a three-game road losing streak as they played the first of four road games in five nights. ... With his four steals, Grizzlies guard  Mike Conley  became the team's all-time single season leader with 138, surpassing  James Posey  who had 137 in 2003-04. Conley also had a game-high 20 points, five rebounds and four assists. ... After being held to a season-low eight points and eight rebounds in his last visit to FedExForum March 14,  Blake Griffin  had 15 points and 14 rebounds this time around. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Wednesday @ Oklahoma City, Friday @ Dallas, Saturday @ Houston. For the Grizzlies, Friday vs. Sacramento, Sunday vs. New Orleans, April 10 @ Portland. 
