  Notebook: Hornets 97, Mavericks 92 Posted Friday March 2, 2012 11:05PM By Larry Holder, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Center  Chris Kaman  continued to show solid play, which may get him traded eventually, as he scored 20 points and grabbed 13 rebounds as the New Orleans Hornets defeated the Dallas Mavericks 97-92 on Friday night in the New Orleans Arena. The Mavs have lost four consecutive games. QUOTABLE:  "Like I told our guys this morning, we are a work team. We had a practice this morning, which takes me back to my days with Pat Riley. We'd practice an hour, an hour and a half before the game. I saw tons of carryover from that practice."  --  Hornets head coach  Monty Williams. THE STAT:  Mavs forward  Dirk Nowitzki  typically lives on the free-throw line. That wasn't the case at all against the Hornets as Nowitzki didn't shoot a single free throw. He ended the game going 7 of 19 from the floor for 19 points. TURNING POINT:  Dallas went on a 14-2 run late in the second quarter to turn an 11-point deficit into a one-point lead. New Orleans never relented, though, as it took the lead the lead shortly thereafter and never trailed again despite a dicey fourth quarter. HOT:  Hornets reserve guard  Xavier Henry  had the best game of his short time in New Orleans. He scored a career-high 19 points off the bench on 8 of 12 shooting. Henry has been quite hit or miss throughout his time in New Orleans, but he's shown spurts of solid play recently. NOT:  The Mavs were dominated on the boards against a Hornets team with several injured frontcourt players not playing. New Orleans crushed Dallas in rebounds as it outrebounded the Mavs 50-34. QUOTABLE II:  "We've got to fight our way out (of the slump). It comes down to that. The margins of error are very slim. Again, we had probably four or five turnovers that were uncharacteristic and untimely, careless, that make a big difference in a one-possession game."  --  Mavs head coach  Rick Carlisle. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Actors  Samuel L. Jackson  and  Jamie Foxx  attended Friday night's game in the New Orleans Arena. NOTABLE:  Carlisle started guard  Rodrigue Beaubois  instead of  Vince Carter . The move paid off despite the loss as Beaubois scored a game-high 25 points. ... Mavs forward  Lamar Odom  (personal reasons) will return to action Saturday night in the D-League, Carlisle said, as he missed his fourth consecutive game Friday night. "He's working the next two days and the plan is that he'll join us and travel Sunday to Oklahoma City (who the Mavs play Monday)," Carlisle said. Odom hasn't fit in with the Mavs on a consistent basis throughout much of the season. When asked what Odom has to do to become a consistent contributor for the Mavs, Carlisle said, "He's got to come back and play his ass off. He's got to play hard. He's got to be into it. That's it." ... Hornets forward  Trevor Ariza  missed Friday's game with an illness. Forward  Al-Farouq Aminu  started in his place. Other Hornets missing the Mavs game because of injuries were center  Emeka Okafor  (knee), forward  Jason Smith  (concussion), forward  Carl Landry  (knee) and guard  Eric Gordon  (knee). UP NEXT:  For the Mavs, Saturday vs. Utah, Monday @ Oklahoma City, Tuesday vs. New York. For the Hornets, Saturday vs. Indiana, Monday @ Portland, Wednesday @ Sacramento.  