  Bobcats-Pistons notebook   By Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday February 2, 2011 11:01PM THE FACTS:  Guard  Stephen Jackson  scored a season-high 39 points as the Charlotte Bobcats completed a six-game road swing with a 97-87 victory over the Detroit Pistons at The Palace Wednesday night. The Bobcats went 4-2 on the trip while the Pistons, led by  Ben Gordon 's 20 points, dropped their fourth straight. QUOTABLE:  "I think we grew up a little bit. We started feeling sorry for ourselves because we had so many games in a row and we lost a game in Utah we shouldn't have lost. But we can't take a game off, we have to play hard every game."    -- Bobcats center  Kwame Brown  on his club's successful nine-day trip that moved them into eighth place in the Eastern Conference. THE STAT:  25.4. Jackson carried his team on his back once again, scoring 22 second-half points. He led the Bobcats in scoring throughout the trip, averaging 25.4 points during the six games. He also silenced a heckler yelling, 'Jackson, get out of the game!' and 'Hey Jackson, quit cryin'!' with his second-half explosion in the same building where he fought with Pistons fans during the infamous 2004 Indiana-Detroit brawl. TURNING POINT:  With the Pistons up 63-60 late in the third, Charlotte forward  Gerald Wallace  scored on consecutive possessions to give his team the lead. That jump-started a 24-3 Bobcats run which spilled over into the fourth quarter. Jackson scored 11 points during the first four minutes of the fourth, including a pair of 3-pointers. QUOTABLE II:  "People don't understand when you boo me, I play better. It's all fun. People still think about the incident here [in 2004]. I hate that it happened but I'm just here playing basketball and having fun. I love hecklers."    -- Stephen Jackson on his big night. HOT:  Brown played sparingly during the past two seasons with Detroit but he is enjoying a career renaissance with Charlotte as its starting center. He recorded his fifth double-double in 11 games with 14 points and 10 rebounds. He is averaging 9.9 points and 9.5 rebounds during that span. Brown had just two double-doubles with the Pistons. NOT:  Detroit's usually potent bench was outscored 24-22 by Charlotte's reserves while shooting 7-for-24. The Pistons came into the game with the league's second-highest scoring bench at 38.4 points per game. Forward  Charlie Villanueva  was held to three points, nine below his average. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Gordon has found his 3-point stroke in the past three games, making 13 triples in 25 attempts. He has improved his season 3-point average to a solid 38.7 percent. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Only a few thousand fans in the announced crowd of 14,376 drove through snow-covered roads to watch the game but they were a vocal bunch. Bobcats coach  Paul Silas  playfully bowed to fans seated across the way in courtside seats after picking up a first-quarter technical. Jackson's interaction with his heckler behind press row included wiping fake tears from his eyes after making a basket. The fans also razzed Pistons coach  John Kuester , imploring him to play benched guard  Richard Hamilton  with chants of 'We want Rip!' Kuester did not oblige. ROOKIE WATCH:  Pistons center  Greg Monroe , selected to play in the T-Mobile Rookie Challenge game during All-Star weekend the previous day, had 10 points and eight rebounds in 35 minutes. NOTABLE:  Pistons guard  Rodney Stuckey  missed his third consecutive game with a right shoulder contusion. ... Charlotte is 12-8 since Silas replaced  Larry Brown  as head coach. ... The Bobcats lead the season series 2-1. ... Charlotte had a 46-30 rebounding advantage. UP NEXT:  For the Bobcats, Friday vs. Miami, Saturday vs. Dallas, Monday vs. Boston. For the Pistons, Friday vs. New Jersey, Saturday @ Milwaukee, Tuesday vs. San Antonio.  