Notebook: Hawks 97, Pacers 87 
 
 
 Matt Winkeljohn, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Jan 08, 2014 11:53 PM - Updated Wed Jan 08, 2014 11:53 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Pacers, the team with the best record in the NBA, have not won at Atlanta's Phillips Arena since 2006 -- 12 straight games. 
 
 THE LEAD:  The Hawks jumped out to an early lead, and the weary Pacers never truly threatened from there as  Kyle Korver  (17 points) and center  Pero Antic  (16 points) led Atlanta's surprisingly easy 97-87 win on Wednesday night.  
 The Pacers (28-7) entered the contest with the NBA's best record and a three-game winning streak, while the Hawks (19-17) brought a three-game losing streak in. Atlanta jumped out to a 12-0 lead and never looked back as Indiana went down meekly. 
 Indiana typically rolls out what most would consider the league's best defense, and the Pacers are particularly adept at fending off long balls, but Korver and Antic -- a difficult matchup for Indiana center  Roy Hibbert  -- made three 3-pointers each. The Hawks shot 10-for-23 from distance.  Jeff Teague  scored 15 for Atlanta, and  Mike Scott  added another 15 off the bench as the Hawks rolled even though leading scorer  Paul Millsap  managed just four points on 1-for-10 shooting. Hibbert had a dreadful night (two points on 1-for-8 shooting, four rebounds), and  Paul George  was the only visitor to have a solid night as he had game highs of 28 points and 12 rebounds. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "With the way [Atlanta coach]  Mike [Budenholzer]  is using his personnel and . . . how they're using their 3-point shooting bigs, it's a challenging and unique style to play against." 
 --Pacers coach  Frank Vogel 
 
 
 THE STAT:  +10 -- The Hawks won by 10 and that was their edge from the free-throw line. Atlanta was 19-for-22 from the charity stripe, where the Pacers shot 9-for-14. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Indiana missed its first five shots and Atlanta went up 12-0 as Antic made two treys in that initial stretch, while making his fourth straight start in the place of  Al Horford  ( season-ending torn pectoral muscle).  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "It was one of our best defensive games.  DeMarre Carroll  really set the tone for us with his defense and his activity . . . I think the defense fueled the offense and fueled the energy that we played offense with." 
 --Hawks coach  Mike Budenholzer 
 
 
 HOT: Elton Brand  continued his strong play in the wake of Horford's injury. He had eight points and four rebounds in a modest 19:51, and over the past four games has shot 12-for-19.   George Hill  went turnover free for the third time in four games and the fourth time in six. 
 
 NOT: David West  finished with eight points on 4-for-11 shooting, his sixth single-digit scoring performance in the past seven games. He scored in single digits five times in Indiana's first 28 games.  After shooting 1-for-10, Millsap is 13-for-54 over the past four games (24 percent).  
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "We're trying to re-figure things without Al . . . I thought our spacing was great tonight. We played with pace. It was a good win for us." 
 -- Atlanta's Kyle Korver 
 
 
 IN THE ARENA:  Former Pittsburgh Steelers quarterback Kordell Stewart was at the game.  
 
 NOTABLE:  Danny Granger  made his first start for the Pacers since May 2012, and scored 14 points with five rebounds. He was in the lineup for  Lance Stephenson , who was out with a right knee contusion suffered one night earlier. Granger missed all  but five games last season with patellar tendinitis that required surgery, and missed 25 games earlier this season with a left calf strain. ... Vogel used just his third starting combination of the season. Budenholzer has used eight.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Pacers, Friday vs. Washington, Tuesday vs. Sacramento, Thursday vs. New York. For the Hawks, Friday vs. Houston, Sunday @ Memphis, Thursday vs. Brooklyn (in London).   
