
 Bucks-Pistons notebook   By Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com Posted Friday November 26, 2010 11:08PM THE FACTS:  The Detroit Pistons had seven players in double figures as they romped to a 103-89 victory over the Milwaukee Bucks Friday night. The Pistons shot a season-high 56.2 percent from the field while leading from start to finish. QUOTABLE:  "I just told myself, 'It's Thanksgiving.' I've got a lot of family in town and they want to see me play. I had to do my job just to stay on the floor tonight."  -- Pistons guard  Richard Hamilton , who had been ejected for arguing calls in two of the Pistons' previous four games.   THE STAT:  28. The Pistons had a season-high 28 assists on 41 field goals, leading to their hot shooting. They were averaging 17.7 apg, second worst in the NBA. Four players had at least four assists, led by Hamilton and  Rodney Stuckey  (7). TURNING POINT:  After Milwaukee whittled the Pistons' early 14-point lead to three, 33-30, Pistons coach  John Kuester  sent in starting point guard Stuckey in place of backup  Will Bynum . That gave an immediate jolt to the offense. Stuckey scored seven points and assisted on a  Charlie Villanueva  3-pointer to restore Detroit's double-digit advantage before Stuckey picked up his third foul and retreated to the bench with 3:24 left in the half QUOTABLE II:  "We're obviously struggling and I feel bad for the guys. I can see the frustration setting in and simple plays for us to make, we're having difficulty making."  -- Bucks coach  Scott Skiles  after his team's record fell to 5-10. HOT:  Stuckey has averaged 17 points over the last 10 games, scoring in double figures each of those outings. That came after he was benched for one game by Kuester for disciplinary reasons. Stuckey is doing most of his damage on drives to the basket and mid-range jumpers. NOT:  Bucks guard  John Salmons  is averaging just 11 points over the last five games and has made just 4 of his last 15 3-point attempts. He scored 11 points Friday and had difficulty guarding Hamilton. GOOD MOVE:  Kuester decided to use a zone at the start of the fourth quarter with his team up by 11. He went with a three-guard alignment and was also trying to protect Stuckey, who had five fouls. By the time Kuester went back to a more conventional look and called off the zone, the Pistons' lead had ballooned to 91-73. BAD MOVE:  Skiles started  Jon Brockman  for the injured Andrew Bogut. The Pistons scored the first six points of the game and never looked back. Brockman was quickly pulled and didn't return until fourth-quarter garbage time. ROOKIE WATCH:  Bucks forward/center  Larry Sanders  tied his season high with eight points and also grabbed a career-best 10 rebounds. NOTABLE:  Milwaukee forward  Corey Maggette  reached the 12,000-point mark for his career with a fourth-quarter jumper. He now has 12,005 points. ... The Pistons' previous biggest margin of victory was seven. ...  Tracy McGrady  played just six scoreless minutes and did not return to the bench in the second half because of muscle soreness. ... Bynum's 13 points were a season high. UP NEXT:  For the Bucks, Saturday vs. Charlotte, Monday @ Utah, Wednesday @ Denver. For the Pistons, Sunday vs. New York, Tuesday @ Orlando, Wednesday @ Miami. 
