  Notebook: Grizzlies 94, Mavericks 89 Posted Sunday April 8, 2012 12:03AM By Marlon W. Morgan, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The Memphis Grizzlies capped off their stretch of seven games in nine days with a 94-89 win over Dallas Saturday night in a game that clinched the season series against Mavericks 2-1.  Rudy Gay  led the Grizzlies with a game-high 25 points. The Grizzlies went 5-2 during their stretch of games that featured wins at Oklahoma City, at Miami and against the defending NBA champion Mavs. QUOTABLE:  "We're finally at home. We get a day off and can rest a little bit and have a Happy Easter."   -- Grizzlies guard  Mike Conley  on the team finishing up playing seven games in nine days. THE STAT:  Dallas shot just 13 percent (2-for-15) in the first quarter and trailed 29-10. In the final three quarters, the Mavs were 32-for-58 (55 percent) from the floor and managed to outshoot the Grizzlies 47 percent to 39 percent. TURNING POINT:  The Mavericks trailed the Grizzlies the entire game, but a layup and a 3-pointer by  Vince Carter  pulled them to within 63-62 late in the third quarter. Enter  Gilbert Arenas  and  Zach Randolph . The outside shooting of Arenas and the inside play of Randolph helped the Grizzlies regain their edge. HOT:  With his deadly 3-point shooting, Arenas has quickly become a fan favorite at FedExForum. For the second night in a row, the former All-Star guard scored a season-high, this time putting up 14 points on 3-for-6 shooting. Arenas was 3-for-5 from 3-point range and made all five of his free throws before leaving the game with 5:14 to go have banging knees with a Maverick player. Arenas is avering 11 points on .667 shooting over the last four games. NOT:   O.J. Mayo  had an off-night for the second straight game, going 1-for-8 from the floor to finish with six points. In the last two games, Mayo is 5-for-18, and 1-for-7 from 3-point range. QUOTABLE II:  "Tough isn't the word. It's just frustrating in all aspects. We dug ourselves a big hole. We were playing good defense. We couldn't hit any shots. If everything could go wrong, it went wrong."    -- Dallas forward  Shawn Marion  after losing their second game in as many nights. NOTABLE:  Dallas forward  Dirk Nowitzki  never got into a consistent rhythm, finishing with 17 points on 5-for-16 shooting. ... The Grizzlies, one of the NBA's worst 3-point shooting teams, have caught fire from behind the arc since the arrival of Arenas. They actually shot better from 3-point range, making 9-for-20 (45 percent) than they did overall (39 percent). In addition to Arenas making 3-for-5, Gay also hit 3-for-5 and Conley was 2-for-4. ... Grizzlies coach  Lionel Hollins  said he's starting to like the dynamics of having  Zach Randolph  come off the bench. Playing with Arenas, Mayo and  Quincy Pondexter  gives Randolph better spacing, Hollins said, as team's have to honor those shooters. Randolph had his second straight double-double with 15 points and 11 boards in 29 minutes. ... Dallas remains in eighth place in the Western Conference standings and finds itself trailing Memphis by two games, three in the loss column. Memphis also now owns the tiebreaker over the Mavs. ... Memphis had its second straight wire-to-wire victory. ... The Grizzlies became the first team to beat both defending conference champions on back-to-back days since Indiana in 2003-04 when the knocked off San Antonio and New Jersey. UP NEXT:  For the Mavericks, Tuesday vs. Sacramento, Thursday at Golden State, Friday at Portland. For the Grizzlies, Monday vs. L.A. Clippers, Wednesday vs. Phoenix, Thursday at San Antonio.  