Notebook: Kings 111, Timberwolves 108 
 
 
 Jim Beilby, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Thu Jan 16, 2014 12:00 AM - Updated Thu Jan 16, 2014 12:00 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Minnesota Timberwolves are now 0-11 in games decided by four points or less. 
 
 THE LEAD:  The Sacramento Kings did whatever they wanted with the Minnesota Timberwolves for all but the final three minutes. And then they had just enough left in the tank to respond to a furious Minnesota run and pull off the road victory, 111-108. The win was the Kings' fourth in their last five games. 
 
 Rudy Gay  led the Kings in the first half, scoring 22 of his season-high 33 points on 8-for-11 shooting and  Isaiah Thompson  took over where Gay left off, scoring 20 of his 26 points in the second half.  Similarly,  DeMarcus Cousins  was quiet for most of the first half, but he hit a pair of huge shots in the final minute of the game to maintain Sacramento's lead. 
 After a Thomas 3-pointer, Minnesota trailed by 11 with 3:18 to play in the game, Minnesota went on an 14-5 run, including a pair of 3-pointers by  Kevin Love , to cut the lead to two.  Sacramento made their free throws and a 3-pointer by  J.J. Barea  to tie the game came up short, giving Minnesota another excruciating close loss.  They have not won a game decided by four points or less since March 17, 2013 (a 97-95 victory over the Hornets). 
 Despite being hobbled for much of the game after having been kneed in the leg, Love led Wolves with 27 points and 11 rebounds. Barea and  Alexey Shved  scored 14 and 13 respectively (matching a season high for Shved) and got all the fourth quarter minutes as sloppy play from  Ricky Rubio  and  Kevin Martin  put them on the bench down the stretch. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I feel like we kind of got into a panic towards the end and we lost our composure towards the end but we put out an ugly win but I'll take it." --  Cousins on the Sacramento's composure down the stretch 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Sacramento shot 54.9 percent from the floor, their second best percentage of the season.  They also out-rebounded Minnesota 51-45. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Sacramento used a 12-2 run in the second quarter to build a double-digit lead, a lead they never relinquished.  Minnesota made it a one-possession game five times in the final minute, only to have Sacramento respond with a 3 by Gay, a pair of lay-ups by Cousins, and four made free throws (two by Cousins and two by Thomas). 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "It's not overlooking, trust me, why are we overlooking anyone? We are below .500. We talked about that team, they had lost a ton of times early and they've beaten Miami and they've beaten Portland.  They've beaten Phoenix twice. What would give us the right to overlook them? It's not even an excuse. If they are then there is something wrong." --  Minnesota coach  Rick Adelman 
 
 
 HOT:  Gay scored 22 in the first half and Isaiah Thomas scored 20 in the second. 
 
 NOT:  Cousins didn't get his first point until 3:43 of second quarter.  He only scored four points in the first half on 1-for-6 shooting. Rubio turned the ball over three times in the first quarter and didn't play in the fourth quarter at all. 
 
 NOTABLE : Sacramento guard  Ben McLemore  left the game with a sprained ankle at 8:07 in the second quarter and did not return. ... Minnesota had defeated Sacramento in their last three home contests. ... This game was officiated by a crew with a combined 82 seasons of officiating experience.  Bennett Salvatore  has 31 seasons of experience,  Dick Bavetta  has 38, and  Courtney Kirkland  has a (mere) 13 years. 
 
 UP NEXT : For the Wolves, Friday @ Toronto, Saturday vs. Utah, Tuesday @ Utah.  For the Kings, Friday @ Memphis, Sunday @ Oklahoma City, Tuesday @ New Orleans. 
