
 Warriors-Hornets notebook   By Larry Holder, for NBA.com  Posted Wednesday January 5, 2011 11:42PM THE FACTS:   Monta Ellis  sparked a major comeback as his 29 points led the Golden State Warriors to a 110-103 win over the New Orleans Hornets on Wednesday night at the New Orleans Arena. The Warriors snapped the Hornets' three-game winning streak. TURNING POINT:  The Warriors made their second largest comeback win possible when they turned an 82-72 deficit at the start of the fourth quarter into a 99-89 lead with 4:14 left in the game going on a 27-7 run. QUOTABLE:  "I just thought they wanted to pace it down. We needed to pace it up with what we wanted to do. Not just be fast and taking quick shots, but get the pace up to the area of the floor that we wanted. We know what we want to do when we fast break. People see our team sometimes and think we're going to run, run, run."   -- Warriors coach  Keith Smart  on the fourth-quarter comeback THE STAT:  The Warriors scored 38 points in the fourth quarter. It was the most points the defensive-minded Hornets surrendered in a single quarter in any game this season. HOT:  The Warriors in the fourth quarter as they shot 64.7 percent from the field in the final 12 minutes. Ellis scored 12 of his game-high 29 points in the final quarter. NOT:  The Hornets from the free throw line and holding onto the basketball. New Orleans missed 12 free throws and turned the ball over 18 times, which turned into 21 points for the Warriors. QUOTABLE II:  "It's not me calling these guys out, (but) too many times our starters are giving us leads and we're not sustaining. That's unfair to the starting lineup. ... We have to have balance. Trying to change the rotation on a night-in, night-out basis to cover up some of the mistakes we're having. ... I've got to make some changes in my rotation."   -- Hornets coach  Monty Williams  on the poor bench play ROOKIE WATCH:  Warriors first-round pick forward  Ekpe Udoh  hit a couple of big shots in the fourth quarter and played eight minutes in the final frame. NOTABLE:  Warriors forward/center  David Lee  returned to the starting lineup after missing Monday's game in Orlando with a bruised lower back. Lee scored 13 points in 25 minutes of action. ... Warriors center  Andris Biedrins  played and started for the first time after missing the previous nine games with a sprained left ankle. Biedrins scored four points in 13 minutes. ... You can't blame the loss on Hornets guard  Chris Paul  as he scored 24 points and dished out 13 assists. You can't blame the Hornets starters either as they shot 54.9 percent from the field. UP NEXT:  For the Warriors, Friday vs. Cleveland, Sunday @ L.A. Clippers, Wednesday vs. L.A. Lakers. For the Hornets, Friday @ L.A. Lakers, Sunday @ Denver, Wednesday vs. Orlando. 
