Notebook: Knicks 113, Nets 83 
 
 
 Jake Appleman, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Thu Dec 05, 2013 10:43 PM - Updated Thu Dec 05, 2013 10:43 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Knicks rode torrid 3-point shooting to break a nine-game losing streak and win their first divisional game of the year, a 30-point blowout of the Nets.   
 
 THE LEAD:  The Nets failed to close out on shooters, boxed out poorly and yet again came out of intermission with all the enthusiasm of an afternoon nap in a 113-83 loss to their crosstown rivals. As the Nets (5-14) continue to walk the line between undermanned and outclassed, the Knicks (4-13) played with the enthusiasm of a team that might rise out of their prolonged early season doldrums.   
 
 Iman Shumpert  (17 points, six rebounds) connected on five 3-pointers, leading the early charge against the league's worst defense.  Andrea Bargnani  (16 points) played with passion and  Carmelo Anthony  (19 points, 10 rebounds) came alive when called upon.  
 
 THE STAT : The Knicks shot 16-for-27 (59.3 percent) from behind the arc.  
 
 TURNING POINT: Raymond Felton  hit a 3-pointer on the Knicks' second possession of the second half, keying a 23-8 run that put the Knicks firmly in control.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "Tonight they looked like the team of last year. They made a lot of 3s."  --  Nets coach  Jason Kidd , on the Knicks.  
 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We finally put a 48-minute game together."  --  Knicks coach  Mike Woodson. 
 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA: Jamie Foxx, Bernard Hopkins, Spike Lee, Zab Judah  and  Victor Cruz  attended the game.  
 
 NOTABLE:  The crowd got loud after a minor altercation between Bargnani and  Kevin Garnett . Both players received technical fouls. Bargnani was later ejected for talking trash. Asked what Bargnani said to get ejected, Garnett noted, "I don't speak Italian."   
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Friday vs. Orlando, Sunday vs. Boston, Tuesday @ Cleveland. For the Nets, Saturday @ Milwaukee, Tuesday vs. Boston, Thursday vs. L.A. Clippers.  
