  Notebook: Knicks 113, Hawks 112 Posted Sunday April 22, 2012 6:14PM By Matt Winkeljohn, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The Hawks and the Knicks tried to go to their leading scorers late Sunday, and New York's  Carmelo Anthony  succeeded with a wide-open jumper with 1:40 left to give the visitors a frantic 113-112 win in which for the longest time there was scarcely any defense played. Anthony finished with with 39 points and joined  Amar'e Stoudemire  to thwart the Hawks for good when they tag-teamed  Marvin Williams'  dunk attempt just ahead of the final buzzer. Stoudemire was credited with the block, but he said Anthony got a piece of it as well. Atlanta's  Joe Johnson's  fourth 3-pointer gave Atlanta its last lead at 112-111 with 1:50 left in the game, but the Hawks failed to get the ball back in his hands as intended for the game's final shot. He finished with 22 points. Williams led Atlanta with a season-high 29 points and a team-high 11 rebounds in a rare start, and said somebody got a piece -- a big piece -- of him at the end. A loud crowd at Philips Arena took Williams' side in that matter at the end of a game where two playoff-bound teams played with postseason passion -- if only on offense. Knicks head coach  Mike Woodson  gave his top defender, center Tyson Chandler, the day off to rest, and that affected the entire team as the Hawks raced to a 65-60 halftime lead on 59 percent shooting. Then again, New York shot 60 percent in the first half, and ended up making 12-of-19 3-point shots. The Hawks bettered that, making a season-high 15-of-23. That included four each by Williams, Johnson and reserve guard  Jannero Pargo . The Knicks finished with 54.4 percent shooting, and the Hawks wound up at 53.9, but both teams cooled in the fourth quarter. They scored just 19 points each after both teams scored at least 28 in each of the first three quarters. Both teams took 18 shots in the final period, and the Knicks made one more 8-to-7, than Atlanta. QUOTABLE:  "This was a great battle. I don't think anyone should complain about contact on the last play."  --  Stoudemire, who had 22 points and 12 rebounds in his second game back after missing 13 with a sore back. THE STAT:  2-for-3. 1-for-1. The Hawks made free throws after a flagrant foul (clear path) by Baron Davis in the first quarter and after a technical on Woodson to start the second quarter (Jeff Teague made both), but Joe Johnson missed with 3:20 left in the game after a technical was called on Anthony. Anthony made the Knicks' only free throw after a technical on  Josh Smith  in the second. You could consider either Johnson's miss or Anthony's make the difference in the game if you feel like it. TURNING POINT:  With three seconds left in the game, Johnson inbounded to Williams. He was supposed to give the ball back to Johnson but Knicks rookie guard Iman Shumpert impeded Johnson so Williams turned and beat Stoudemire down the lane. Stoudemire caught up and he and Anthony both defended as Williams tried for the dunk. Williams went to the floor in a heap. QUOTABLE II:  "I felt like I got fouled at the end."  --  Williams. QUOTABLE III:  "That was an old-school shootout. The offense was great. It just shows you how valuable Tyson Chandler is in the middle."  --  Woodson, the Hawks' former coach. HOT:  Other than Anthony, who made 14-of-32 shots, every Knicks starter hit 50 percent or better ( Landry Fields  hit 7-of-8, Stoudemire 9-of-13, Shumpert 4-of-8 and Davis 5-of-9). . . .  Marvin Williams  -- who moved into the starting lineup as Drew slid Josh Smith to center instead of  Jason Collins  -- made a season-high 10-of-14 shots, including 4-of-6 3-pointers. His 11 rebounds were one shy of his season high. . . . Anthony scored 12 points in both the first and third quarters. . . . Fields scored 12 in the third as well. . . . Landry and Anthony were each perfect on three 3-point attempts in the third quarter, when the Knicks made 7-of-8 overall. . . . NOT:  Josh Smith didn't fare so well upon being slid over from power forward to center, chiefly when matched against Stoudemire. He made 5-of-13 shots for 14 points, grabbed a modest five rebounds and had four turnovers. It should be noted that he added four assists and three blocked shots. IN THE ARENA:  Actor-producer-writer-musician  Spike Lee , among the staunchest of Knicks fans, was in Philips Arena. NOTABLE:  Woodson said before the game that forward  Jared Jeffries , who missed his third straight game with a sore right knee, will not play in New York's final two regular-season games. No word on his availability for the postseason . . . . Anthony went down hard when he attacked the basket only to be called for an offensive foul with 2:07 left in the first quarter. He stayed on the floor for 15 seconds or so. . . . Chandler is expected to return to action for the Knicks' final two regular-season games. UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Wednesday vs. Clippers, Thursday @ Bobcats. For the Hawks, Tuesday vs. Clippers, Thursday vs. Mavericks.  