  Notebook: Warriors 92, Knicks 78   By Geoff Lepper, for NBA.com Posted Thursday December 29, 2011 2:20AM THE FACTS:   Monta Ellis  had a game-high 22 points and eight assists but it was the Golden State Warriors' defense that made the difference Wednesday in a 92-78 victory against the New York Knicks. The Warriors held New York stars  Amar'e Stoudemire  and  Carmelo Anthony  to a combined 29 points on 8-for-27 shooting and scored 23 points off of 15 Knicks turnovers.  Brandon Rush  added 19 points and six rebounds off the bench for Golden State, which won a second consecutive game against an Eastern Conference contender despite not having point guard  Stephen Curry , who sat out with a sprained right ankle. QUOTABLE:  "This is going to be strange to hear, but we are a defensive team. It's a shocker. . . . For the first time I can remember, the defense has given us a chance to win a ball game. The way we defended in the first half put us into position to win the game in the second half."    -- Warriors coach  Mark Jackson THE STAT:  The Warriors held the Knicks to just 40 percent shooting from the field on the evening, 26.3 percent (5-for-19) in the fourth quarter when Golden State blew open what had been a tie game after three periods. Anthony, guarded almost exclusively by Warriors reserve  Dominic McGuire , missed all four of his field-goal attempts in the quarter. Knicks point guard  Toney Douglas  went 1-for-5. TURNING POINT:  Through three quarters, the Warriors only had 11 assists on 25 baskets as they struggled to find their way without Curry. As the fourth quarter opened, Golden State suddenly located their missing off-ball movement, scoring on six straight possessions -- with four assists on five field goals -- to craft a 76-68 lead. The Knicks never got any closer than eight points after that. QUOTABLE II:  "I'm not surprised at all. We all have the tools to play defense. We're athletic and we're all young. We just had to buy into it. . . . [Jackson] keeps hammering, 'Defense, defense, defense.'"    -- Brandon Rush HOT:  Ellis was mostly wretched offensively through three quarters, going 4-for-17 from the field. He recovered in the fourth period to salvage his night, coming up with 12 points on 4-for-5 shooting and dishing out six assists as the Knicks' defense collapsed time and again. NOT:  Douglas was matched up against Warriors waiver-wire pickup  Ish Smith , who stepped in for Curry, but New York's point guard missed all five of his 3-point attempts and totaled just six points on the night. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Smith, who arrived in Oakland from Memphis less than two weeks ago, provided 11 points, four assists and a career-high six rebounds to help Golden State's attack stay afloat in the early going. Curry said he's aiming for a return Saturday against Philadelphia, but Smith bears watching. GOOD MOVE:  With so many of his perimeter players either absent or rendered ineffective, Mark Jackson had to take a chance after Rush picked up his fourth personal foul with 5:38 remaining in the third quarter. Rush made good on Jackson's trust, avoiding picking up another foul while keying Golden State's defensive efforts. NOTABLE:  An underrated aspect of the game was the fact that Knicks center  Tyson Chandler  -- who came close to signing with the Warriors before landing in New York earlier this month -- fouled out in just 22 minutes of play. His absence for all but one minute of the fourth quarter allowed Golden State to attack with impunity, and the Warriors went 10-for-15 to close out the game. . . . The Warriors scored 28 points in the paint during the second half, accounting for more than half of their output after intermission. . . .  Bill Walker  and  Landry Fields  each had 14 points for the Knicks, although Fields blunted his impact with four turnovers. . . . The Warriors announced a crowd of 19,596, their sixth consecutive sellout dating back to last season. After games against the Clippers, Bulls and Knicks, that streak will be put to the test Saturday, when Golden State hosts an unheralded Philadelphia team. UP NEXT:  For the Warriors, Saturday vs. Philadelphia, Monday @ Phoenix, Wednesday @ San Antonio. For the Knicks, Thursday @ Lakers, Saturday @ Kings, Monday vs. Toronto.  