
 Warriors-Pistons notebook   By Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com Posted Sunday November 7, 2010 10:03PM THE FACTS:  Guards  Richard Hamilton  and  Rodney Stuckey  combined for 48 points as the Detroit Pistons won their second straight game, 102-97, over the Golden State Warriors Sunday night at The Palace.  Monta Ellis,  who came in leading the league in scoring at 28.6 points per game, topped the Warriors with 24 points but they started a five-game road trip on a down note. QUOTABLE:  "That was a scary scene. I shouldn't have lost the ball but he just missed the shot and we got the rebound."    -- Pistons guard Stuckey on  Stephen Curry's  potential tying 3-point attempt with 13 seconds remaining. Curry's transition shot rimmed out after he stole the ball from Stuckey THE STAT:   Charlie Villanueva  10 rebounds,  David Lee  7. Pistons reserve forward Villanueva isn't known for his work around the glass but he held his own against onf of the league's premier rebounders despite playing 10 fewer minutes. That allowed the Pistons to match the Warriors, who came into the game fifth in the NBA in rebounding, with 46 boards apiece. TURNING POINT:  Pistons head coach  John Kuester  decided to revert to his usual starting backcourt of Stuckey and Hamilton. Stuckey, who was benched in Detroit's 97-90 victory over Charlotte Friday for disciplinary reasons, responded with 21 points and nine assists. Hamilton poured in a season-high 27 points.  Ben Gordon  had started the previous three games at shooting guard, including two that Hamilton missed with a foot injury. QUOTABLE II:  "What we need to do for our team is learn how to win these games on the road. We had a spell where we had too many turnovers, careless turnovers, at one time. We just need to clean that part up."   --  Golden State coach  Keith Smart  on his team's second loss this season HOT:  With three or four ball handlers on the floor most of the way, the Pistons had a season-high 27 assists. Stuckey set the tone but Gordon also looked to be a playmaker with Hamilton having a hot shooting night, contributing six assists while only taking six shots. NOT:  Curry shot just 3-for-12 from the field, with Stuckey and  Will Bynum  guarding him most of the way. A majority of his misses were on mid-range attempts. Curry shot 55 percent in his first three games this season. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Warriors forward  Dorell Wright  made three more 3-pointers Sunday and has a team-best 22 this season while making 53.7 percent of his attempts. Wright is getting plenty of good looks with the penetration ability of Ellis and Curry. INSIDE THE ARENA:  After regularly selling out the 22,076-seat Palace while making the Eastern Conference Finals six straight seasons, the Pistons have been hurting at the box office the last two seasons. The crowd of 12,813 was their smallest in at least eight seasons. ROOKIE WATCH:  Pistons reserve center  Greg Monroe  emulated  Ben Wallace  Sunday but not in a good way. Monroe looked like Wallace, the NBA's worst free throw shooter, by bricking six of his seven foul shots. NOTABLE:   Tracy McGrady , who started Detroit's previous game at point guard, saw just nine minutes of action and scored one point. Kuester felt McGrady didn't match up well with the Warriors' quick guards and wing players. ... Golden State scored 48 of its points in the paint, where Ellis did most of his damage. ... The Pistons head out to Portland to begin a four-game West Coast trip. UP NEXT:  For the Warriors, Monday @ Toronto, Wednesday @ New York, Thursday @ Chicago. For the Pistons, Tuesday @ Portland, Friday @ L.A. Clippers, Sunday @ Sacramento. 
