  Notebook: Sixers 74, Magic 69   By Andy Jasner, for NBA.com Posted Monday January 30, 2012 10:39PM THE FACTS:  The 76ers continued their torrid play at the Wells Fargo Center with a 74-69 victory over the reeling Orlando Magic Monday night.  Andre Iguodala  had 14 points, 11 rebounds and six assists,  Evan Turner  scored 12 points and the Sixers improved to 15-6 overall and 11-2 at home. They also snapped a maddening six-game home losing streak to the Magic. The final score was deceiving with some late points by the Magic when the game was well in hand. Orlando scored 56 points on Jan. 23 against the Boston Celtics and managed just 69 -- 36 in the second half -- against a scrappy Sixers defense.  Dwight Howard  registered his 16th double-double with 17 points and 11 rebounds while  Ryan Anderson  contributed 14 points and a career-high 20 rebounds. But the Magic losing streak reached four as they fell to 12-9. QUOTABLE:  "That was a much-needed win for us here with what we have ahead of us this week."   -- Sixers coach  Doug Collins . THE STAT:  The Sixers committed only seven turnovers. They continue to lead the league in fewest turnovers per game. TURNING POINT:  The Sixers elevated their level of play in the third quarter, especially on defense. They extended a 37-33 halftime lead to 58-42 at the end of the third thanks to a tenacious defensive effort and timely shooting. The Sixers out-hustled the Magic and the fans responded with a standing ovation. HOT:  Turner (4-for-7) and veteran center  Tony Battie  (3-for-5) gave the Sixers a nice lift with clutch shooting. NOT:  Magic guard  J.J. Redick  never found his rhythm in going 3-for-13. All three of his field goals were 3-pointers. He missed all 10 shots from inside the arc. QUOTABLE II:  "We're very happy with the win. We need to learn to keep the momentum going when we build a big lead."   -- Sixers forward  Thaddeus Young . FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Iguodala continued his strong all-around play following Saturday's triple-double against the Detroit Pistons. This time, Iguodala had 14 points, 11 rebounds and six assists. He was a calming influence when the Sixers needed it most. INSIDE THE ARENA:  There was quite an enthusiastic crowd of 16,299 for Monday's matchup with the Magic. The fans have been anticipating this week for some time, which also includes games against the Chicago Bulls on Wednesday and Miami Heat on Friday. Sixers owner Joshua Harris watched the action from a front-row seat. QUOTABLE III:  "If we're not getting good pick-and-roll play, we're going to struggle."   -- Magic coach  Stan Van Gundy . GOOD MOVE:  The Sixers attacked Howard and made him work on the defensive end.  Elton Brand  and Battie did a nice job of looking for their offense, despite Howard's presence in the middle. BAD MOVE:  Orlando's offense stalled in too many halfcourt sets. There wasn't nearly enough movement. When you're struggling for points, the ball has to move around the perimeter and go inside and out more often. ROOKIE WATCH:  All three Magic rookies didn't play -- guard  DeAndre Liggins , forward  Justin Harper  and center  Daniel Orton . Sixers forward  Nikola Vucevic  dressed after missing the past four games with a left knee quad strain. But he was not used. However, forward  Lavoy Allen  was scoreless in 16:46, though he did sweep five rebounds and added three assists. NOTABLE:  The Sixers won for the 13th time in the month of January, their first 13-win month since November of 2002 when they went 13-3. ... Iguodala moved into fourth place on the Sixers' all-time steals list during the win against the Magic. Iguodala's 1,008th steal pushed him past  Charles Barkley  and into fourth, trailing only  Maurice Cheeks  (1,942),  Allen Iverson  (1,644) and  Julius Erving  (1,508). ... The Magic missed nine straight shots during a six-minute stretch in the third. ... Orlando played without point guard  Jameer Nelson  (concussion-like symptoms) and guard  Jason Richardson  (rest). ... The Sixers were without center  Spencer Hawes  for the eighth straight game with a strained left Achilles. ... The Magic were 10-for-22 from the free throw line. ... The Sixers scored a season-low 74 points, and the last time they had 74 or fewer points in a victory was Nov. 30, 1999 against the New York Knicks. ... Eleven of Anderson's 20 rebounds came off the offensive glass. He's the first Orlando player other than Howard to grab 20 rebounds in a game since  Ben Wallace  had 20 at New Jersey on April 14, 2000. NEXT:  For the Magic, Wednesday vs. Washington, Friday vs. Cleveland, Saturday @ Indiana. For the Sixers, Wednesday vs. Chicago, Friday vs. Miami, Saturday @ Atlanta.  