  Wizards-Jazz notebook   By Andrew Aragon, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday March 29, 2011 12:36AM THE FACTS:  Washington Wizards rookie guards  John Wall  (28 points) and  Jordan Crawford  (25 points) led their team to a 100-95 overtime victory over the Utah Jazz on Monday night, giving the Wizards just their second road win of the season. Maurice Evans  had 12 points and  JaVale McGee  had 11 points and 17 rebounds for the Wizards. For the Jazz,  C.J. Miles  had 17 points. QUOTABLE:  "We got tired of hearing about it before we won one so to get the second one we're going to hear a little bit about it tonight. It's just good. We just want to win and keep winning."  --  Wizards guard Wall on his team improving to 2-35 in road games this season. Washington lost its first 25 road games this season. THE STAT:  47.6. The Jazz's free-throw shooting was abysmal, as they were 10-for-21 from the line for 47.6 percent.  Ronnie Price  had the costliest miss for Utah as he went to the line with an 84-83 lead and 14.3 seconds remaining in the fourth quarter. He missed one of the two attempts, so instead of forcing the Wizards to make a 3-pointer to prolong the game, it made it just a two-point game. Crawford hit a jumper to tie it with 4.4 seconds left in the fourth quarter. TURNING POINT:  After his team blew a 10-point lead in the fourth quarter, Crawford took over in overtime. He had a steal and breakaway dunk to give the Wizards an 87-85 lead. He made another steal, and drew a foul while driving to the basket. He made two free throws to give the Wizards an 89-85 advantage. Evans hit a 3-pointer following a pass from Wall to put Washington up seven and force Utah to play catch-up the rest of the game. QUOTABLE II:  "The rookies definitely stepped up. I don't consider them rookies anymore. It's the second half of the season. They're damn-near vets."  --  Wizards center McGee on the play of Washington's rookie backcourt. HOT:  The Wizards shot 72.2 percent in the second quarter. Wall shot 10-for-11 in the first half. Jazz rookie  Derrick Favors  shot 4-for-4 and scored nine of his 11 points in the fourth quarter. NOT:  While Wall shot 5-for-6 and scored 11 points in the first quarter, the rest of the Wizards couldn't buy a basket. The shot 2-for-15 and scored five points in the quarter. Crawford was 1-for-10 from 3-point range.  Al Jefferson  missed his first six shots, and was benched the entire fourth quarter and overtime. Miles 3-for-12 from 3-point range. GOOD MOVE:  Jazz coach  Tyrone Corbin  said before the game that he would try to not have all of his three rookies on the floor at the same time. But down 10 in the fourth quarter, his team got a spark from an unconventional and young lineup that consisted of rookies Favors,  Gordon Hayward  and  Jeremy Evans , as well as reserve point guard Price and Miles. They slowly erased the double-digit deficit with the rookies contributing points, rebounds, hustle plays and blocked shots. Evans made two fouls shots with 45.1 seconds left to give Utah an 84-83 lead. BAD MOVE:  Hindsight is always 20/20, but Corbin probably stuck with his rookies too long. He let them start the overtime, and the Wizards quickly put them in a hole. FANTASY WATCH:  Crawford has gone from benchwarmer and fantasy afterthought to contributor and fantasy sleeper since he was traded from the Hawks to the Wizards. He scored in double figures for the 11th straight game on Monday, and should continue to produce the rest of the season. ROOKIE WATCH:  It was a rookie-fest among the two rebuilding teams with six of them playing meaningful minutes. Besides Wall and Crawford,  Kevin Seraphin  contributed for the Wizards with six points and eight rebounds. For the Jazz, Favors had a double-double with 11 points and 19 rebounds, Hayward had 12 points, four rebounds and four assists, and Evans had six points, three rebounds and two assists. NOTABLE:  Utah guard  Raja Bell  sprained his right foot in the third quarter and did not return. It was the Jazz's fourth overtime game in their last six home contests. They are 4-2 in those games, losing the last two. The Wizards swept the Jazz for the first time in six seasons. UP NEXT:  For the Wizards, Wednesday vs. Heat, Friday vs. Cavaliers, Sunday @ Charlotte. For the Jazz, Friday vs. Lakers, Sunday @ Sacramento, Tuesday @ L.A. Lakers.  