  Notebook: Bulls 121, Kings 115 Posted Wednesday February 15, 2012 12:01AM By Kent McDill, for NBA.com    THE FACTS:  It wasn't supposed to be this close, but the Chicago Bulls held on for a 121-115 victory over the visiting Sacramento Kings at the United Center on Tuesday. The Bulls led by 19 early in the fourth quarter but the Kings pulled to within two points behind the performance of  Marcus Thornton , who had 11 of his 23 points in the final stanza.  Luol Deng  led the Bulls with 23 points and 11 assists, while  Joakim Noah  had a double-double with a season-high 22 points and 11 rebounds.  DeMarcus Cousins  led the Kings with 28 points and  Tyreke Evans  had 27. THE FACTS II:  With usual bench players  C.J. Watson  and  Ronnie Brewer  starting in place of  Derrick Rose  and  Rip Hamilton , the Bulls bench still contributed 44 points and shot 17-for-25 from the field.  Kyle Korver  matched his season high with 18 points and  Taj Gibson  made seven of eight shots for 15 points. QUOTABLE:  "Whatever your team needs, he provides. If we need more scoring, he gives you that. If we need more play-making, he gives you that. His defense is a constant, his rebounding is always good and his leadership is terrific."    -- Bulls coach  Tom Thibodeau  talking about first-time All-Star  Luol Deng THE STAT:  Cousins came up with his 18th double-double with 28 points and 17 rebounds. THE STAT II:  The Kings, playing their first of six straight road games, refused to give up. They shot 57 percent in the fourth quarter and outrebounded the Bulls (the No. 2 rebounding team in the league) 12-6 with four offensive boards. TURNING POINT:  The Bulls made 10 of 11 free throws in the fourth quarter and needed them all. They scored the last four points of the game from the line, with two from Korver and two from Deng. INJURY UPDATE:  Kings guard  Jimmer Fredette  reported stomach pain just before game time and did not play. ... Rose did not play for the third game in a row because of his back spasms but said before the game he could be back any day. HOT:  In eight February games, Bulls center  Joakim Noah  is averaging almost 13 points and 10 rebounds. NOT:  Deng, playing with a torn ligament in his left wrist, was 6-for-17 from the field Tuesday, and is 18-for-52 in his last four games playing with the injury. ROOKIE WATCH:  Although Fredette did not play,  Isaiah Thomas  of the Kings had nine points and four assists in 19 minutes. QUOTABLE II:  "We made it a free throw game."    -- Sacramento coach  Keith Smart NOTABLE:  With the victory, Thibodeau earned his first selection as head coach of the Eastern Conference All-Star team. The Bulls lead the Eastern Conference with a 24-7 record. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Thursday vs. Boston, Saturday vs. New Jersey, Monday vs. Atlanta. For the Kings, Wednesday @ New York, Friday @ Detroit, Sunday @ Cleveland.  