  Notebook: Mavericks 90, Celtics 85   By Brian Robb, for NBA.com Posted Thursday January 12, 2012 12:45AM THE FACTS: Dirk Nowitzki  sunk the go-ahead basket on a three-point play with five seconds remaining, pushing the Dallas Mavericks above .500 with a 90-85 win over the Boston Celtics. Dallas led by as many as nine in the fourth quarter, before Boston mounted a late run capped by  Paul Pierce 's 3-pointer with 25 seconds remaining to tie the game at 85. The defending champions held their ground, however, thanks to a tough drive by Nowitzki, and Boston turned the ball over on its final two possessions, clinching the third straight win for Dallas.  Jason Terry  led the victors off the bench with 18 points.  Rajon Rondo  had a game-high 24 for Boston in their second straight home loss. QUOTABLE:  "Everyone's looking at you and your team really depends on you, so I like to be in the position where I can make something happen."   -- Nowitzki on his game-winning shot THE STAT:  Dallas outscored Boston 17-0 on second-chance points, thanks to a 12-2 edge on the offensive glass. TURNING POINT:  After Dallas coach  Rick Carlisle  was ejected following two technical fouls with 10:34 remaining in the third quarter, Dallas rallied with a 24-6 run over the next eight minutes. The outburst allowed Dallas to seize command of the game with a 13-point lead, as it did not trail Boston for the rest of the game. QUOTABLE II:  "It's really big for us to get three wins consecutively without Jason Kidd. The team's finding itself a little bit."   -- Carlisle HOT: Ian Mahinmi  -- The young forward fouled out in just 18 minutes of action, but continued his incredibly efficient shooting numbers, hitting four of five shots for eight points. Through 11 games, Mahimi has hit a sensational 71.4 percent of his field goals attempts. NOT:  Boston's first quarter offense -- All five starters missed their first shot of the night, and the C's missed their first seven shots overall, finishing with 15 points during the frame. That low number is representative of a disturbing pattern of slow starts for the C's. Over the last four games, Boston is averaging just 17.5 points in the first quarter. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:   Kevin Garnett  -- Despite a tough shooting night, Garnett posted a double-double of 16 points and 10 rebounds to go along with his three assists. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Boston Bruins forwards  Brad Marchand  and  Tyler Seguin  watched the game from courtside and got a rousing ovation from the TD Garden crowd. BAD MOVE:  Garnett played extremely tight defense on Nowitzki on Dallas' go-ahead possession on the perimeter. The NBA Finals MVP took advantage of Garnett's positioning to blow by the veteran power forward and hit the go-ahead layup, before Boston's help defense could recover. ROOKIE WATCH:  Boston center  Greg Stiemsma  continues to see action at the five spot for Boston off the bench. The big man had a forgettable first half with a point and two rebounds in a mere three minutes of action. NOTABLE: Jason Kidd  did not play for a third straight game due to a sore back. West started in his place. New Celtic free agent signee  Mickael Pietrus  got a warm ovation from the Boston crowd when debuting with 1:25 remaining in the first quarter. The swingman provided a nice spark for Boston, finishing with five points, including a transition dunk in his Boston debut. ... Rondo and Rivers were whistled for fourth quarter technical fouls. ... The Celtics outscored Dallas on fast-break points 15-2. UP NEXT:  For the Mavericks, Friday vs. Milwaukee, Saturday vs. Sacramento, Monday @ Lakers. For the Celtics, Friday vs. Chicago, Saturday @ Indiana, Monday vs. Oklahoma City.  