Notebook: Grizzlies 91, Kings 90 
 
 
 Marlon W. Morgan, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Jan 18, 2014 12:32 AM - Updated Sat Jan 18, 2014 12:32 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Grizzlies have now won a season-high five consecutive games. 
 
 THE LEAD: Mike Conley  scored 25 points with six assists and the Memphis Grizzlies, inspired by a technical foul against coach  David Joerger , used a game-ending 10-2 run to pull out a 91-90 victory over the Sacramento Kings on Friday night at FedExForum 
 Sacramento held a seven-point lead with 4:01 to play until Joerger's T ignited Memphis' furious finish.  Courtney Lee  added 16 points and  Marc Gasol  had 16 for the Grizzlies (20-19).  DeMarcus Cousins  had another strong game for the Kings (14-24), scoring 22 points and hauling in 17 rebounds, giving him 13 consecutive double-doubles. Former Grizzly  Rudy Gay  had 19 points. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I was nervous after he [Joerger] got the tech, but we responded. That's all you can ask for at that time of the game. It's good to have games like this. You don't want to go in and win every game by seven, eight points. You want to have some games where you're forced to go through a little bit of adversity and come back and win a close one. Those are the ones that you learn from the most."  
 -- Grizzlies guard  Mike Conley 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Grizzlies are above .500 for the first time since Dec. 3, when they were 9-8 after beating Phoenix. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Grizzlies appeared headed toward another home loss when they trailed 88-81 with 4:01 remaining. Instead, they turned up the defense as the Kings went 1-for-7 with two turnovers down the stretch. 
 
 HOT:  Gasol had his best offensive game in the three games he's played since returning from a sprained left MCL that sidelined him for seven weeks. Bouncing back from a scoreless game at Milwaukee on Wednesday night, he scored 16 points on 7-for-13 shooting against the Kings. Twelve of those points came in the second half as he rediscovered his jump shot. 
 
 NOT:   Isaiah Thomas  struggled with his shot for most of the night, going 5-for-14 from the floor as he finished with 14 points, five below his average. Thomas was 1-for-7 in the first half, connecting on a 3-pointer. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "Our spacing was awful tonight. We post somebody up, and everybody wants to stand still and be on the perimeter. We don't get the right spots. We make ourselves very easy to guard at times. They're a good defensive team. I think DeMarcus wound up with decent numbers, but he didn't have a great game (6-for-20). Nobody had a great game."  
 -- Kings' coach  Michael Malone 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  The presence of Gasol, the reigning NBA Defensive Player of the Year, has already made a big difference. In the three games since his return, the Grizzlies are holding opponents to 84.7 ppg. In the five games before that, opponents averaged 101 ppg. Gasol tied his season high with four blocked shots, while  Zach Randolph  added a season-high four blocks; the Grizzlies finished with a season-high 13. ... Gay was trying to win his second game this season as a visitor at FedExForum. He helped Toronto to a 103-87 win against the Grizzlies in November when he scored 23 points. Gay appeared poised to duplicate that feat Friday, but in the final four minutes, he went 1-for-4. ... Conley has led the Grizzlies in scoring in four times during the team's winning streak. ... The Kings failed to score 100 points for just the second time in their last 15 games, and the third time in their last 22. They are now 1-11 when scoring less than 100 points. ... In four games as a starter, Lee is averaging 16.3 points for the Grizzlies.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Kings, Sunday @ Oklahoma City, Tuesday @ New Orleans, Wednesday @ Houston. For the Grizzlies, Monday vs. New Orleans, Friday @ Houston, Saturday vs. Houston.  
