  Nets-Bulls notebook   By Kent McDill, for NBA.com Posted Thursday April 14, 2011 12:21AM THE FACTS:  The Bulls reserves led a fourth-quarter comeback that helped the Bulls record a 97-92 win over the New Jersey Nets Wednesday at the United Center. The Bulls led 50-43 at halftime, then the Nets went on a 25-8 run to build a 10-point lead. The Bulls reserves were led by  Kyle Korver's  19 points. The Nets were led by  Jordan Farmar  with 21 points. THE FACTS II:  The Bulls finished the season with a record of 62-20, and completed the regular season with a nine-game winning streak, their first such streak since March of 2005. The Nets finished the season 24-58 and losers of 11 of their last 12. They played again, and almost won, without  Deron Williams  and  Kris Humphries . QUOTABLE:  "I did not want to put the starters back in.''   --  Bulls coach  Tom Thibodeau , shutting down questions about his decision to play reserves most of the last six minutes of the game. THE STAT: Rasual Butler , who had 10 points in 13 minutes Wednesday, had just six points in five games played for the Bulls since joining the team at the trading deadline. THE STAT II:  In a game in which the Bulls needed to win to clinch at least a tie with San Antonio for best record in the NBA, the Bulls bench players outscored the starters 50-47. TURNING POINT:  With six minutes left and the Nets up by six points, Bulls coach Tom Thibodeau called a timeout, pulled all of his starters and inserted five reserves, including Butler, who had played all of 12 minutes for the team this season. INJURY UPDATE:  Bulls forward  Ronnie Brewer  did not play because of a sprained left thumb, but he is expected to play against Indiana Saturday.  Joakim Noah , playing on a weak ankle, had 10 points and 10 rebounds in 22 minutes. HOT: Taj Gibson , the Bulls' super-sub on the inside, had nine points and eight rebounds in 22 minutes off the bench. NOT:  Bulls forward  Carlos Boozer  was three for 11 from the field and had three turnovers in this key game. QUOTABLE II:  "Playoffs. It was a good season, a great season. But, playoffs."   --  Bulls guard Derrick Rose when asked to access the Bulls' 62-20 regular season. GOOD MOVE:  The big question was whether Joakim Noah would play after tweaking his sore ankle against New York Tuesday. But Noah looked good in his 22 minutes played and had seven offensive rebounds, almost as many as the entire Nets team had (eight). NOTABLE:  The Bulls finished the season 21-2 in their last 23 games. They had the league's best post-All-Star Game record of 24-4. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, vs. Indiana Saturday. For the Nets, season concluded.  