Notebook: Bobcats 116, Pistons 106 
 
 
 Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Dec 21, 2013 12:18 AM - Updated Sat Dec 21, 2013 12:33 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Pistons became the first team since Orlando in 2001 to lose a game after leading by 20 points following a victory in which they trailed by at least 20. Detroit erased a 21-point deficit at Boston on Wednesday. 
 
 THE LEAD:  Point guard  Kemba Walker  scored a season-high 34 points and the Charlotte Bobcats outscored the Detroit Pistons 41-17 in the fourth quarter to steal a 116-106 victory on Friday night at The Palace of Auburn Hills. Banged-up center  Al Jefferson  scored 15 of his 24 points in the fourth and grabbed 14 rebounds, while shooting guard  Gerald Henderson  also scored 22 for the Bobcats (13-14), who trailed by as much as 20. Point guard  Brandon Jennings  led the Pistons (13-15) with 26 points and forward  Josh Smith  added 18 points and six rebounds.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I don't know what was going on in the first half. I'm still trying to get in a groove, still trying to get this ankle right, but it got to the point where I said enough is enough. I've got to just go out there and do what I've got to do.." 
 -- Al Jefferson on his 15-point fourth quarter. He missed nine games this season with a bone bruise to his right ankle. 
 
 
 THE STAT:  0 -- Detroit's offense was so dysfunctional in the fourth that it failed to record an assist. It shot 6-for-20 from the field and made four turnovers during those 12 minutes. Through three quarters, the Pistons had recorded 18 assists while shooting 51.4 percent from the field. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  With five reserves on the floor, Charlotte scored the first nine points of the fourth, which eventually blossomed into a 17-4 run. Rookie forward  Cody Zeller  had a pair of fast-break dunks early in the quarter and ex-Piston  Ben Gordon  cut Detroit's lead to one at 93-92 with a 3-pointer. Jefferson gave the Bobcats their first lead of the game with 4:14 remaining on a layup. 
 
 HOT:  Walker just missed his career high of 35 points, which he set against Houston last January. He was efficient in each half, scoring 17 points before and after halftime. Walker missed just five field goal attempts and hit all nine of his free-throw tries. He added seven rebounds, three assists, three steals and a block. 
 
 NOT:  Pistons reserve point guard  Chauncey Billups  gets a big ovation from the home crowd every time he comes in the game, but there was nothing to cheer about during his fourth-quarter performance. He committed two turnovers during the first five minutes when the game turned completely around. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We just picked up our energy. We were kind of sluggish in the first half and we tried to turn things around. Everyone in this league makes a run and we just went on a run, and then Kemba and Al came in and finished it off." 
 --Cody Zeller on the second unit's contributions 
 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Zeller finished with six points, four rebounds and two blocks against Detroit starting center  Greg Monroe  in 20 minutes of action. Pistons guard  Kentavious Caldwell-Pope  only attempted two shots in 22 minutes and wound up with five points.  
 
 NOTABLE:  Detroit center  Andre Drummond  posted his Eastern Conference-high 20th double-double with 14 points and 15 rebounds. ... Bobcats small forward  Jeff Taylor  suffered a right Achilles tendon injury 37 seconds into the game and was helped off the court. He will undergo further testing on Saturday in Charlotte but the injury appeared to be serious. Taylor has started eight games in place of injured  Michael Kidd-Gilchrist  (fractured left hand). ... Detroit guard  Rodney Stuckey , the Pistons' sixth man, missed his second consecutive game with a sore right shoulder. ... Walker played in his 175th consecutive game, tying  Emeka Okafor  for the second longest streak in franchise history.  Boris Diaw  holds the record with 245. Walker and Golden State guard  Klay Thompson  are the only members of the 2011 draft class to play in every game. ... Smith made his 900th career steal during the closing seconds of the first quarter. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Bobcats, Saturday vs. Utah, Monday vs. Milwaukee, Friday vs. Oklahoma City. For the Pistons, Saturday vs. Houston, Monday @ Cleveland, Friday @ Orlando. 
