
 Celtics-Thunder notebook   By Randy Renner, for NBA.com Posted Sunday November 7, 2010 10:35PM THE FACTS:  The Boston Celtics used an early run to scoot out to a 22-point lead and then held off a late Oklahoma City rally to beat the Thunder 92-83 inside sold-out Oklahoma City Arena.  Ray Allen  and  Paul Pierce  led the Celtics with 19 and 17 points, respectively.  Kevin Durant  scored a season-high 34 and  Russell Westbrook  added 16 for a short-handed OKC squad. The Thunder played without power forward  Jeff Green  (19.4 ppg, 7.2 rpg), who turned an ankle in practice. QUOTABLE:  "We can't worry about who's playing or not playing, the guys we have just have to step up."   --Thunder coach  Scott Brooks THE STAT:  Durant was 5-for-6 in the third quarter, scoring 14 points in leading a furious Oklahoma City rally that brought the Thunder from 22 down to within six. Westbrook scored 13, and the pair accounted for all 27 Thunder points in the third frame. Boston missed seven consecutive shots and turned the ball over twice during the rally. TURNING POINT:  Oklahoma City led 19-16 when  Rajon Rondo  stole the ball from Durant, igniting a 12-2 run that extended all the way to 42-18 over the rest of the half. QUOTABLE II:  "We played as well as a team can play in the first half, then we did the exact reverse in the third quarter. Veteran teams shouldn't do that but we got away with it tonight."   --Celtics coach  Doc Rivers HOT:  The Celtics bench.  Glen Davis, Marquis Daniels, Semih Erden  and  Nate Robinson  were 13-for-23 for 33 points. NOT:  The Thunder bench.  James Harden, Eric Maynor, Cole Aldrich  and  Daequan Cook  were 5-for-11 for just 12 points. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Eight-year-old Oklahoma City singing sensation  Nolia Sweatt  brought the house down with a rousing rendition of the National Anthem. Scattered among the blue-clad Thunder crowd were quite a few fans wearing Celtic green. Also on hand was University of Oklahoma women's basketball coach  Sherri Coale . GOOD MOVE:  Celtics coaches had written "Show Durant a crowd" on the dry erase board in the locker room before the game. They did, and Durant turned the ball over three times in the first quarter. Durant took better care of the ball the rest of the way, losing it only once more the rest of the game. ROOKIE WATCH:  Celtics center Semih Erden got in the game in the first quarter and so did Thunder rookie center Cole Aldirch. Erden scored nine points and grabbed four rebounds in almost 14 minutes. Aldrich was also on the floor for almost 14 minutes but he took only one shot and missed it. He did pull down four rebounds. NOTABLE:  Oklahoma City came into the game leading the NBA in free throw attempts per game (34.8) but went to the line only 17 times, making 15, against the Celtics. Durant has scored at least 30 points in three of Oklahoma City's six games. He tallied 28 in two more. UP NEXT:  For the Celtics, Monday @ Dallas, Thursday @ Miami, Saturday @ Memphis. For the Thunder, Wednesday vs 76ers, Friday vs Trail Blazers, Sunday vs Spurs. 
