  Suns-Bulls notebook   By Kent McDill, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday April 6, 2011 12:00AM THE FACTS:  After leading by as many as 22 points in the third quarter, the Chicago Bulls held off a late Phoenix rally to beat the Suns 97-94 at the United Center Tuesday.  Derrick Rose  had 19 points and  Luol Deng  had 18 for the Bulls.  Vince Carter  had 23 points for the Suns. THE FACTS II:  In a matchup of great point guards,  Steve Nash  had 16 assists and six points while Rose had four assists to go with his 19 points. QUOTABLE:  "A win is a win, but we have big plans. We can't play like that."    -- Rose THE STAT:  In his first game back after missing three with a sprained ankle, Bulls center  Joakim Noah  had 12 points, four rebounds, four assists and four steals. THE STAT II:  As the Bulls built a 53-40 halftime lead, the bench had 26 points and the starters had 27. The bench increased the Bulls' lead from one point to 10 through the first seven minutes of the second quarter. TURNING POINT:  The Suns were down by two points and had the ball four times in the final two minutes but missed five shots, four of them by Carter. On two of the misses, the Suns got the offensive rebound but could not convert. THE MOMENT:  For one of the few times, Rose disappointed the fans in the first quarter. Picking up a loose ball near midcourt with no one in front of him, Rose temporarily lost control of the ball and had to dribble away from an anticipated slam dunk. The groans from the fans were almost as loud as the MVP chants that came later in the game. HOT: Taj Gibson , the Bulls' backup power forward, had 10 points and nine rebounds, making four of seven shots in a key reserve showing. NOT:  Carter was 9-for-22 and  Channing Frye  was 5-for-15 for the Suns. QUOTABLE II:  "Everything has to be perfect when you are fighting your way back (from 22 points down) and things were almost perfect.''    -- Suns coach  Alvin Gentry GOOD MOVE:  Gentry put  Grant Hill  on Rose and played Nash on the off guard. BAD MOVE:  Down by three with 13 seconds to go, the Suns got off two shots, a seven-foot jumper by  Marcin Gortat  and a tip by Carter, both of which missed. "That wasn't a very good possession,'' said Gentry. NOTABLE:  The Bulls have won 16 of their last 18 games. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Thursday vs. Boston, Friday @ Cleveland, Sunday @ Orlando. For the Suns, Wednesday @ Minnesota, Friday @ New Orleans, Sunday @ Dallas  