Notebook: Knicks 101, Bucks 83 
 
 
 Dan Kelly, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Apr 05, 2013 11:22 PM - Updated Fri Apr 05, 2013 11:22 PM 
 
 THE FACTS : The New York Knicks used a huge third quarter after an inspiring halftime ceremony for the '73 championship team to beat the Milwaukee Bucks 101-83 Friday night for their eleventh consecutive win. 
 
 Carmelo Anthony  scored 41 points, and has now scored 40 or more in each of his last three games -- only the second Knicks (49-26) player to ever do the deed ( Bernard King ). 
 
 J.R. Smith  finished with 30 points and 10 rebounds in 34 minutes.  Brandon Jennings  led the Bucks (36-39) with 25 points.  J.J. Redick  shot 5-for-7 from beyond the 3-point line and finished with 18 points.  
 
 QUOTABLE : "[This Knicks squad is] a good team. They've come a long way in the last two and a half weeks. They've put together some games and they're starting to make a run. This is the right time of the year to get healthy. They've got some injuries but they've kind of survived them. And there's some hope in this town that maybe they're going to win this year." 
 -- Phil Jackson , on hand for the honoring of the 1973 Knicks championship team 
 
 THE STAT : The Knicks outscored the Bucks 42-21 in the 3rd quarter.  
 
 TURNING POINT : With 5 minutes to go in the third quarter, a Smith 3 was followed by a quick steal that led to an Anthony jumper. That gave the Knicks a lead they would never relinquish. 
 
 QUOTABLE II : "[Anthony] is focused. He is really in the zone. There is not much defenders can do the way he is scoring the ball. J.R. and Carmelo are taking turns. They are doing it at the perfect time. The way they are moving the ball, they are getting shots, we all know where the ball is going to be." 
 -- Iman Shumpert 
 
 
 HOT : Anthony scored 41 on 17-for-28 shooting from the floor. He's now scored 131 points in his last three games.  
 
 NOT: Monta Ellis  is only a 27.7 percent 3-point shooter and has somehow managed to attempt almost 300 3s this season. Tonight he went 1-for-6 from beyond the arc.  
 
 QUOTABLE III : "Melo is playing out of his mind ... it is unreal ... it's 100 something [points] in three games." 
 --Brandon Jennings 
 
 NOTABLE: Jason Kidd  hit a high arching three-quarter-court shot to end the third quarter.  
 
 QUOTABLE IV : "[Anthony] is trying to do a little bit of everything. That is what the great ones do. They figure out a way to beat you. He refused tonight ... in the fourth quarter really to let us lose. He is special. That is all I can say." 
 -Knicks coach   Mike Woodson 
 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA : Michael J. Fox and the Knicks' 1973 World Championship Team including Jackson,  Willis Reed, Senator Bill Bradley, Henry Bibby, Walt "Clyde" Frazier, Jerry Lucas and Earl "The Pearl" Monroe .  
 
 UP NEXT : For the Knicks, Sunday @ Oklahoma City, Tuesday vs. Washington, Thrursday @ Chicago. For the Bucks, Saturday vs. Toronto, Tuesday @ Miami, Wednesday @ Orlando. 
