  Notebook: Mavericks 83, Hornets 81   By Larry Holder, for NBA.com Posted Saturday January 21, 2012 11:47PM THE FACTS: Lamar Odom  started in place of  Dirk Nowitzki  and filled in admirably scoring 16 points as the Dallas Mavericks hung on to beat the New Orleans Hornets 83-81 on Saturday night in the New Orleans Arena. The Mavs have won two in a row, while the Hornets have lost seven consecutive games and 13 of their last 14 games. QUOTABLE:  "We had to get productivity from a lot of different guys. We had to get a level of competitiveness and hard play from top to bottom. ... We played 11 guys and all of them were a factor in the game. ... After the first two losses on the trip, we really gutted two games out. That's not easy to do."  --  Mavs coach  Rick Carlisle  on winning without Nowitzki THE STAT:  11. This is the 11th game this season the Hornets haven't scored 90 or more points in a single game. New Orleans has yet to score 100 points in a single game all season. TURNING POINT:  The Hornets led 41-38 with 1:06 remaining in the first half and probably feeling pretty good about the way they played in the first half. But the Mavs began a 15-0 late in the second quarter and early into the third quarter to turn the deficit into a 53-41 lead. Dallas never trailed again. HOT:  The Mavs only shot 40.5 percent from the floor, but you can't blame Odom,  Shawn Marion  and  Delonte West . The three players shot a combined 51.4 percent to score a combined 46 points. Marion, who Carlisle called the best player on the team right now, had 14 points and 12 rebounds. NOT:  New Orleans' 3-point shooting has been brutal all season and it continued against Dallas. The Hornets only shot 2 of 19 from beyond the arc. New Orleans entered the game only shooting 27.5 percent from 3-point land. It's not like the Mavs tore it up themselves only going 4 of 26. GOOD MOVE: Jason Kidd  fouled the Hornets'  Jarrett Jack  with 1.6 seconds left with the Mavs up 83-80. The foul sent Jack to the free-throw line preventing New Orleans to attempt a 3-pointer to tie the game. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Hornets center  Emeka Okafor  had the best stat line of anyone Saturday night as Okafor racked up 16 points and 17 rebounds for a stellar fantasy outing. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Actors  Zach Galifianakis  and  Dylan McDermott  sat courtside at Saturday night's game. Both are in New Orleans filming "Dog Fight," also starring  Will Ferrell. NOTABLE:  Carlisle said he's going to shut down Nowitzki down for at least four games, which started Saturday against the Hornets. Carlisle said it's exact opposite of rest for Nowitzki. Carlisle said Nowitzki needs eight uninterrupted days of work without game action to work on conditioning. "If it was up to Dirk, he would play," Carlisle said Saturday night. "But right now, we feel the right thing is to take this time to get some things resolved. And hopefully by next Sunday, he'll be feeling a lot better." Carlisle said Nowitzki will go through harder workouts on practice days and some days Nowitzki will work out multiple times. ... Hornets coach  Monty Williams  said he didn't want to give out any more injury news on guard  Eric Gordon  until Williams finds out results of tests on Gordon's ailing right knee. Gordon missed his 13th game of the season with the injury. ... It's the first time the Mavs have won in the New Orleans Arena since Dec. 16, 2006. UP NEXT:  For the Mavs, Monday vs. Phoenix, Wednesday vs. Minnesota, Friday vs. Utah. For the Hornets, Monday vs. San Antonio, Wednesday @ Oklahoma State, Friday vs. Orlando.  