Notebook: Grizzlies 104, Warriors 94 
 
 
 Geoff Lepper, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Nov 03, 2012 2:29 AM - Updated Sat Nov 03, 2012 2:29 AM 
 
 THE FACTS: Mike Conley  had 21 points, seven assists and five steals as the Memphis Grizzlies pulled away from the Golden State Warriors in the second half of a 104-94 victory Friday.  Marc Gasol  added 21 points, six rebounds and five assists for the Grizzlies (1-1), who led by double digits for most of the final 16 minutes.  Rudy Gay  had 18 points and eight rebounds and  Zach Randolph  had 15 and 14 as Memphis' front line pounded their Golden State counterparts.  Stephen Curry  scored 14 consecutive points for the Warriors (1-1) during one first-half stretch and had a game-high 26 on the night, but was held to only nine in the second half. 
 
 THE STAT:  The Grizzlies led the league in forcing turnovers last year, and their ballhawking showed up in full force during the third quarter. Golden State coughed the ball up seven times as their offense stalled and Memphis outscored them 24-16 to take a 12-point lead into the final 12 minutes. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "That's what we do. We had pressure on the ball, pressure on the wings and we were just taking them away from everything they wanted. When you're trying to force a play, when there's a lot of pressure and also when the shot clock's against you, turnovers happen."
 -- Memphis coach  Lionel Hollins 
 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Warriors were right in the game at 59-56 when Curry drained a step-back 3-pointer at the 6:37 mark of the third quarter. But that was Curry's only bucket of the period, and Memphis went on a 9-0 run -- featuring a pair of 3s from Conley, responding in kind -- to open up a 12-point advantage. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "Obviously, we had to [stop Curry]. We had to or we were going to lose. He's a great player and he drives their offense. When he's hitting shots, they're tough to beat. It was a tough job, but we had our best people we could put on him, a lot of fresh bodies and we slowed him up. I'm not going to say we stopped him, but we slowed him up a little bit."
 -- Grizzlies' Rudy Gay 
 
 
 HOT:  Memphis' frontcourt of Gasol, Gay and  Zach Randolph  combined for 54 points, 28 rebounds and five assists -- a reminder not to leave them out of any conversation regarding the Western Conference's best such trios. 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:   Brandon Rush , a key contributor to the Warriors off the bench last year with a career-high 9.8 points, had to be helped off the court after suffering a left knee injury with 4:09 remaining in the first quarter. Rush was knocked off-balance from behind by Randolph while attempting a dunk and landed hard on his left leg. The fifth-year veteran immediately grabbed at his knee and had to eventually be helped off the floor by inactive teammate Jeremy Tyler. The Warriors said Rush will have an MRI on Saturday to determine the extent of the injury. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Warriors coach  Mark Jackson  is in a tough spot regarding center  Andrew Bogut , one of Golden State's big acquisitions last year. Bogut is limited to 20 minutes of action as he returns from a broken ankle, and Jackson tried to save them for the fourth quarter to have the 7-footer close things out. But by the time Bogut hit the floor for his final stint, with 9:10 remaining, the Warriors were already down 10 -- and they only got two points closer the rest of the way. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Golden State center  Festus Ezeli  was poked in the eye during the first quarter, but recovered to four points and four rebounds in 12 minutes. 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  A's general manager  Billy Beane  was on hand, and deep in conversation with Warriors owner  Joe Lacob  before tipoff. . . . Embattled Warriors center  Andris Biedrins , who has slipped to third string on Mark Jackson's depth chart, received a solid round of booing during the team's extended pregame introductions. Biedrins didn't help his cause when he was selected by Hollins to shoot Golden State's pair of free throws after Rush's injury -- and missed both, badly. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Warriors forward  Carl Landry  went 10-for-12 from the free-throw line, while the rest of the team was 2-for-5. Landry finished with 20 points. . . . Memphis doubled Golden State's attempts at the free-throw line, 34-17. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Grizzlies, Monday vs. Utah, Wednesday @ Milwaukee, Friday vs. Houston. For the Warriors, Saturday @ Clippers, Monday @ Sacramento, Wednesday vs. Cleveland. 
