  Warriors-Sixers notebook   By Andy Jasner, for NBA.com Posted Sunday March 6, 2011 9:59PM THE FACTS:   Evan Turner  and  Thaddeus Young  scored 20 points each, while  Lou Williams  contributed 19 points -- giving the 76ers a three-pronged attack off the bench -- in their hard-fought 125-117 overtime victory over the Golden State Warriors on Sunday. Seven Philadelphia players scored in double figures and Andre Iguodala came up with his second straight triple-double. The Sixers improved to 32-30. Monta Ellis  was sensational in the fourth quarter with 18 points, 14 in a row during one spurt. Ellis, who had 41 in a loss two nights ago at Boston, finished with 27.  Stephen Curry  scored 22 points. But the Warriors fell to 27-35 and have dropped six of seven. QUOTABLE:  "I think Evan is growing by leaps and bounds. He played with a lot of confidence."  --  Sixers coach  Doug Collins  on Turner. THE STAT:  The Warriors shot just 4-for-19 from 3-point territory. Ellis was 2-for-7,  Dorell Wright  missed all five of his attempts and Curry was 1-for-3. TURNING POINT:  Turner made two terrific shots in overtime -- a tough baseline jumper for an 118-112 lead and a driving layup for a 120-115 advantage. Those two plays really sparked the Sixers. HOT:  Turner was 9-for-15 from the field, including some clutch baskets in overtime. NOT:   Vladimir Radmanovic  was 1-for-3 and scored just two points in 28 minutes before fouling out. Not a good showing. QUOTABLE II:  "I was just attacking. I got in a good rhythm and continued making plays."  --  Turner on his performance. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Two candidates here for the Sixers. Iguodala picked up his second consecutive triple-double with 15 points, 11 rebounds and 10 assists. Don't overlook the play of point guard  Jrue Holiday,  who had 16 points, eight rebounds, seven assists and three steals. INSIDE THE ARENA:  The Warriors don't have a marquee name for a major draw, but they sure are exciting to watch. The 11,294 fans who did show up were treated to an up-and-down pace with plenty of drama. QUOTABLE III:  "We've got to find a way to start winning these kinds of games."  --  Ellis on his struggling team. GOOD MOVE:  Young received some extended minutes (34) from coach Doug Collins. This was a perfect situation for Young, who thrives against teams which push the pace. BAD MOVE:  The Warriors should have run more plays for Lee in the fourth quarter. He was tough for the Sixers to handle all night. Lee scored 14 points and grabbed 14 rebounds. ROOKIE WATCH:  Turner, the Sixers' No. 2 overall pick from Ohio State, finished with 20 points, seven rebounds, three assists and two steals. Golden State forward  Ekpe Udoh , a former standout at Baylor, wound up with four points and five rebounds. NOTABLE : The last Philadelphia player to post triple-doubles in consecutive games was  Aaron McKie  during the 2000-01 season when the Sixers advanced to the NBA Finals before falling to the Lakers in five games. McKie is currently a Sixers assistant coach. UP NEXT:  For the Warriors, Tuesday @ Cleveland, Wednesday @ New Jersey, Friday vs. Orlando. For the Sixers, Tuesday @ Indiana, Wednesday vs. Oklahoma City, Friday vs. Boston.  