  Warriors-Spurs notebook   By Tim Price, for NBA.com Posted Thursday December 9, 2010 12:48AM THE FACTS:  Six players scored in double figures for San Antonio -- though  Tim Duncan  did not -- and the Spurs solidified their best start in franchise history with a 111-94 victory over Golden State as the Warriors remained 0-for-the-AT&T Center on Wednesday.  Tony Parker  and  Manu Ginobili  combined for 31 points and 17 assists and  DeJuan Blair  had a double-double (15 points and 13 rebounds) as the 18-3 Spurs established their best start after 21 games and maintain the best record in the NBA. Despite a career-high 31 points from  Reggie Williams  (he was 8-for-10 from the 3-point line), the Warriors (8-14) have lost five straight and 10 of their last 11. QUOTABLE:  "I thought everyone did a really good job of finding the open man, being aggressive but understanding that teammates were open and making the easy pass to the next guy."    -- Spurs coach  Gregg Popovich THE STAT:  Behind a 4-for-5 start from Parker, the Spurs scored 20 of their first 23 points in the paint. That included 17 fast-break points as San Antonio led by as much as 12 points in the first quarter. TURNING POINT:  Though the Spurs led by as many as 12 when they shot 60 percent in the first quarter, the Warriors cut it to three behind a strong quarter from Williams (he was 5-for-8 including three past the 3-point line with 13 points that matched the entire Spurs bench for the quarter). But the Spurs closed out the first half solidly and opened the second half the same way. They had a 9-2 run the final minute of the first half and another 9-2 run in the first 2 1/2 minutes to go ahead by 17. San Antonio was 5-for-6 from the floor during the runs and Blair hit all four of his free throws. QUOTABLE II:  "(Warriors coach  Keith Smart ) watched film with me earlier in the day and told me 'Just play. Have fun.' So I just took his advice and did that."    -- Reggie Williams HOT:  Williams' previous best scoring night was 29 points late last season. The only quarter he failed to score on a 3-pointer -- or take one -- was the first when he played only 2 1/2 minutes. He doubled his previous best 3-point output (4-for-5 Nov. 19 vs. the Knicks). NOT:  Last season  Monta Ellis  lit up the Spurs with games of 42, 39 and 35 points. But this season he's a combined 13-for-40 (including 0-for-7 from the 3-point line) for 31 points. He scored 19 on Wednesday, but it took him 24 shots to do it. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Blair had his third double-double of the season. Two of them have come against the Warriors (mark down Jan. 24 and think about putting Blair on a fantasy roster; it's the next time the Spurs play Golden State). Blair also had three steals and a pair of assists. GOOD MOVE:  Why not send Parker after the Warriors and expect him to keep them on their heels after playing the previous night in Dallas? He repeatedly skirted past  Stephen Curry  in the first quarter and made his first four field goals all layups. BAD MOVE:  Except for Williams and  David Lee  (7-for-10 and a double-double with 16 points and 13 rebounds), Golden State's offense essentially was a mess. By halftime the Warriors had turned the ball over 12 times, and San Antonio scored 12 points off the mistakes (Golden State scored nothing off the Spurs' three first-half turnovers). And even Lee was clumsy with the ball (six turnovers). The Warriors ended with 22 turnovers to San Antonio's 11. ROOKIE WATCH:  Playing his first NBA season after three campaigns in Europe,  Tiago Splitter  got plenty of minutes while Duncan had a light work load. Splitter (24 minutes) was 4-for-7 and three of his six rebounds came on the offensive end while totaling 12 points. Duncan played 18 minutes and had eight points. NOTABLE:  Curry left the game with about five minutes before halftime when he sprained his right ankle. It's the same injury that forced him to miss two games earlier this season. The Spurs have won 25 straight against the Warriors in San Antonio since a February 1997 game at the Alamodome. The Spurs are 15-0 when they score 100 points or more. UP NEXT:  For the Warriors, Friday vs. Miami, Monday @ Utah, Tuesday vs. Minnesota. For the Spurs, Friday vs. Atlanta, Sunday vs. Portland, Wednesday vs. Milwaukee.  