Notebook: Knicks 99, Pistons 85 
 
 
 Adam Zagoria, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Mon Feb 04, 2013 10:27 PM - Updated Mon Feb 04, 2013 10:27 PM 
 
 THE FACTS: Carmelo Anthony  went for 27 points and seven rebounds,  Amar'e Stoudemire  scored 20 points and  J.R. Smith  added 16 as the Knicks won their fifth straight, beating the Detroit Pistons, 99-85, at Madison Square Garden. 
 
 Tyson Chandler  added 20 rebounds and eight points for New York (31-15), which remains half a game behind the Miami Heat for the best record in the East. Chandler notched 20 boards for the third straight outing, becoming the first Knick to do so since  Willis Reed  in 1969. 
 
 Jose Calderon  scored 15 points on 7-of-12 shooting and dished three assists in his debut for the Pistons (18-31), who lost for the fourth time in five games.  Rodney Stuckey  added 14 points and  Greg Monroe  and  Will Bynum  tallied 13 apiece. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "Anytime you get your name in a Knicks' franchise book, it's huge so I'm just very thankful for this moment."  --  Chandler on MSG. 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Knicks went shot 14-of-34 from beyond the arc, while the Pistons went 3-of-13. Anthony was 3-of-5 from deep and Smith was 5-of-13. 
 
 THE STAT II:  After having his franchise-record 31-game streak of scoring 20+ points interrupted in Saturday's rout of Sacramento, Anthony began another such streak. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Knicks got off to a quick start, using a 16-4 first-quarter spurt en route to a 28-13 lead after one. They hit four 3-pointers during the run, one apiece by  Jason Kidd, Iman Shumpert , Anthony and Smith. By halftime, the Knicks led 57-36. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "He's done it three straight games so I'm expecting it for four games. Get 20 rebounds."  --  Knicks coach  Mike Woodson  on Chandler. 
 
 
 WHO'S HOT:  Stoudemire continues to score effectively in the low post. He was 8-of-14 from the field after entering averaging 18 points and 5.8 boards in his last five outings. He went 10-of-10 on Saturday against the Kings. 
 
 WHO'S NOT:  Pistons rookie  Andre Drummond  played only eight minutes, going 1-of-6 for two points and five boards. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "We've been playing very hard as a team. It's all about team defense, team offense, we've been sharing the ball."  --  Chandler. 
 
 
 NOTABLE: Rasheed Wallace  (stress reaction left foot) hasn't played for the Knicks since Dec. 13, but coach Woodson said he expects Wallace ? and possibly  Marcus Camby  (plantar fasciitis) ? back after the All-Star break. "I just think they'll be ready once the All-Star" ends, Woodson said Monday. "For sure Rasheed but I don't know about Camby at this point. They'll continue to do their therapy work through the break and when we come back and start practice, I'm hoping to have one of them back, hopefully Rasheed." Wallace was initially diagnosed with a sore left foot, but the Knicks later called it a "stress reaction" following a report. Woodson said he doesn't expect Wallace to play more than 10 minutes a game when he does return. 
 
 QUOTABLE IV:  "If we continue the pace that we set some games ago, we will put ourselves in position to be at the top of the East, if not right there."  --  Woodson, whose team has won eight of 10 . 
 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA: Michael J. Fox  sat courtside. 
 
 NEXT:  For the Knicks, Wednesday @ Washington, Friday @ Minnesota, Sunday vs. L.A. Clippers. For the Pistons, Wednesday vs. Brooklyn, Friday vs. San Antonio, Saturday @ Milwaukee. 
