Notebook: Blazers 108, Nets 98 
 
 
 Jake Appleman for NBA.com 
 
Posted Mon Nov 18, 2013 11:55 PM - Updated Mon Nov 18, 2013 11:55 PM 
 
 THE FACT : In winning their seventh straight game, the Portland Trail Blazers did what they do well: convert from 3-point range at an excellent clip (8-for-18) while limiting their opponents' success in the same category (the Nets were just 3-for-13).  
 
 THE LEAD:   A blistering first quarter ended and a form-fitting basketball game broke out in Brooklyn, as the Blazers rode a dominant third quarter to a 108-98 victory over the injury-riddled Brooklyn Nets. The Blazers (9-2) kept up with the Nets' (3-7) torrid start by sinking 6 of their 7 3-pointers, most of them by  Wesley Matthews .  Damian Lillard , drafted by the Blazers with a pick acquired from the Nets, scored 19 points and handed out nine assists.  LaMarcus Aldridge  (27 points, eight rebounds) hit a number of big shots.  Shaun Livingston  led the Nets with 23 points.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "When your hard work is rewarded with wins, it kind of snowballs."  
 -- Blazers coach  Terry Stotts  
 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I've got to credit my teammates for getting me open, the screens, the delivery -- they're doing all the hard stuff. I've just got to shoot. And I'm playing off the confidence of our team and we're on a great roll right now."  
 -- Wesley Matthews  
 
 THE STAT:  The Nets lost despite taking care of the ball (seven turnovers), sinking 33 of their 35 free throws (94 percent), and scoring 40 first-quarter points.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Nets shot 3-for-18 while getting outscored 27-15 in another poor third quarter.  
 
 INJURY UPDATE: Deron Williams  (sprained left ankle),  Brook Lopez  (sprained let ankle) and  Andrei Kirilenko  (back spasms) did not play for Brooklyn. Coach  Jason Kidd  did not give updates on those players before the game.  
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "Just bad coaching. I take the blame for this. Guys played hard; we got a little stagnant on the offensive end. This falls on my shoulders. We got off to a good start and then in the third quarter we came out a little flat and that falls on me."  
 -- Jason Kidd 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  A "Let's Go Blazers!" chant broke out late in the fourth quarter in Brooklyn. ... The Nets were booed off their home court.   
 
 NOTABLE: Kevin Garnett  scored the Nets' first 10 points on five straight field goals and hit his first six shots. Garnett only hit 2 of his 13 shots after that. ... Not to be outdone, Matthews connected on his first four first-quarter 3-pointers. ... Garnett,  Paul Pierce  and  Jason Terry  shot 12-for-38 combined from the floor. ... Neither Pierce nor Garnett -- both playing through nagging injuries -- spoke to reporters after the game.  
 
 UP NEXT:   For the Trail Blazers, Wednesday @ Milwaukee, Friday vs. Chicago, Saturday @ Golden State. For the Nets, Wednesday @ Charlotte, Friday @ Minnesota, Sunday vs. Detroit.  
