  Rockets-Jazz notebook   By Andrew Aragon, for NBA.com Posted Thursday February 3, 2011 12:23AM THE FACTS:   Kevin Martin  converted a game-winning three-point play with 6.9 seconds left and scored a team-high 22 points to lead the Houston Rockets to a 97-96 win over the Utah Jazz on Wednesday night. Kyle Lowry  scored 16 points and tied a career-high with four 3-pointers.  Luis Scola  and  Aaron Brooks  each had 14 points. For the Jazz,  Al Jefferson  had 20 points and 12 rebounds and  Paul Millsap  had 20 points and 11 boards. QUOTABLE:  "It's Super Bowl week you know.  Shane  [ Battier ] was the quarterback right there and I was the wide receiver and I was in triple coverage. It was just like the Giants when they beat the Patriots so we wanted to dedicate that to Super Bowl week. Shane made a great pass and that was the only place he could have put it and I just threw something up and it went in."   -- Rockets guard Kevin Martin on the pass he got from Battier before he converted the game-deciding three-point play. THE STAT:  11-1. The biggest difference in the game was two teams' 3-point shooting. The Rockets shot 11-for-22 from 3-point range. The Jazz were just 1-for-11 from long range. TURNING POINT:  The game was in doubt until the final buzzer. Martin drew a foul on Jefferson while converting a layup, and then made a free throw to give Houston a 97-96 lead with 6.9 seconds left in the game. The Jazz put the ball in  C.J. Miles ' hands to win it, and his 15-foot jumper with time running out went in and out. QUOTABLE II:  "We just missed that one play. That could have been an easy steal because he really didn't have control of the ball except for that split second he got it and made a big play. They wanted it more and they got it."   -- Jazz center Al Jefferson on the three-point play Martin made to win the game for the Rockets. HOT:  The Rockets started the game hot, making 61.1 percent of their shots in the first quarter. Lowry shot 4-for-5 in the second half.  Gordon Hayward  shot a perfect 4-for-4 and scored 10 points. NOT:  Utah's  Ronnie Price  shot 1-for-7. Miles missed eight of his last nine shots. The Jazz shot 30 percent in the fourth quarter. For the Rockets,  Chase Budinger  shot 4-for-11 and missed six of his last seven shots, but did score in double figures for the fifth straight game with 10 points. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Martin hasn't been as consistent as his owners would like, but he delivered against the Jazz. He had three assists, one steal and a blocked shot to go along with his 22 points. He's had two solid games in a row after scoring 30 against the Lakers on Tuesday. GOOD MOVE:  The Rockets played great defense on Utah's final possession. Scola switched off his man, and got a hand in Miles' face to make it a difficult shot for him to attempt. BAD MOVE:  Jazz coach  Jerry Sloan  said he didn't have a problem with Jefferson fouling Martin when the Rockets guard converted a three-point play late in the contest. But there were two other alternatives that could have prolonged the game -- don't foul, or foul him in a way that prevents Martin from making the shot. Jefferson chose the least desirable option for the Jazz. ROOKIE WATCH:  Hayward started in place of an injured  Andrei Kirilenko . It was Hayward's eighth start of the season, and he scored 10 points in 14 minutes.  Jeremy Evans  provided the Jazz with some energy and had eight points on 4-for-4 shooting in 11 minutes. For the Rockets,  Patrick Patterson  played 13 minutes and had an assist and a rebound. NOTABLE:  Utah fell to 19-2 after leading at the end of three quarters. Jazz guard  Earl Watson , starting in place of the injured  Deron Williams , flirted with a triple-double with 11 points, nine rebounds and eight assists. UP NEXT:  For the Rockets, Saturday vs. Memphis, Monday @ Denver, Tuesday vs. Timberwolves. For the Jazz, Friday @ Denver, Saturday vs. Thunder, Monday @ Kings.  