
 Sixers-Pacers notebook   By John Oehser, for NBA.com Posted Saturday October 30, 2010 11:27PM THE FACTS:  The Indiana Pacers opened their home schedule Saturday night with a 99-86 victory over the Philadelphia 76ers at Conseco Fieldhouse in Indianapolis.  Danny Granger  scored 22 points for the Pacers, who pulled away from a tie game at halftime with an emotional, energetic third quarter to win for the second time in three games. The 76ers lost for a third time in as many games. QUOTABLE:   "We played team ball on both ends of the court. Our chemistry on this team appears very good. Everyone seems to get along with each other."  -- Darren Collison  THE STAT:  Among Pacers coach  Jim O'Brien's  primary pregame concerns was the athleticism of Philadelphia and particularly, the 76ers' speed. Because the Pacers couldn't run with Philadelphia, he said it was important to prevent easy opportunities. The 76ers' finished with 15 fast-break points and Indiana had 18. TURNING POINT:  This came in the third quarter, when after a back-and-forth first half, the Pacers played with the energy expected in a regular-season home opener. The team and crowd fed off one another in a 27-15 run highlighted by a fast-break dunk by forward  Josh McRoberts  over Philadelphia guard  Evan Turner . The 76ers never got closer than 10 points n the fourth quarter. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Pacers center  Roy Hibbert  has been maybe the biggest story early in the season for the Pacers. He is altering shots on defense, and after improving his conditioning, playing more minutes. He had nine first-half points and finished with 14 rebounds. QUOTABLE II:  "There's nobody on this team that will not take a charge." "That's not always the case. That was an electric third quarter. I think the crowd appreciated our guys stepping in front of their drivers three or four times in the third quarter."  --  Pacers coach Jim O'Brien HOT:  Philadelphia guard  Lou Williams  couldn't have been hotter in the first half. He came off the bench and scored 18 points on 7-for-7 shooting. NOT:  Williams didn't score in the second half. He missed his lone field goal of the second half. "I thought the difference in the game was he didn't get anything in the second half," O'Brien said. BAD MOVE:  It may not be fair to call it a bad move so early in  Doug Collins'  stint as the 76ers' coach, but he juggled the lineup Saturday, installing Andres Nocioni at forward and de-activating  Jason Kapono.  The 76ers got just 46 points from their starting lineup. Collins said he's searching for lineups that work together cohesively. ROOKIE WATCH:  Pacers rookie first-round selection  Paul George  is still working his way into the rotation, but he connected on two second-half 3-pointers. He finished with eight points on 2-for-4 shooting from 3-point range. NOTABLE:  The Pacers keep a statistic called "hustle stats," which includes steals, drawn charges, steals, offensive rebounds, etc. They had 69 such plays Saturday. . . . Pacers guard  Mike Dunleavy,  in the starting lineup after coming off the bench much of last season, had 16 points, but finished 1-for-7 from 3-point range. . . . Collison gave the Pacers a lift with a fast-break third-quarter dunk and finished wih 15 points and four assists. He also had four steals. . . . Granger said after the game he likes where his shot his through three games, and figures if he shoots as he is he'll make more than he misses. He shot 8-for-16 Saturday and led the Pacers in minutes with 38:59. UP NEXT:  For the 76ers, Tuesday @ Washington, Wednesday vs. Indiana, Friday vs. Cleveland. For Indiana, Wednesday at Philadelphia, Friday vs. Milwaukee, Tuesday vs. Denver. 
