Notebook: Pistons 96, Wizards 95 
 
 
 Benjamin Standig, for NBA.com  
 
Posted Thu Feb 28, 2013 12:06 AM - Updated Thu Feb 28, 2013 12:06 AM 
 
 THE FACTS: Brandon Knight  scored a career-high 32 points, and  Greg Monroe  had 26 points and 11 rebounds as the Detroit Pistons held off the Washington Wizards for a 96-95 win on Wednesday night. 
 
 Jose Calderon  matched his season-high with 18 assists as the Pistons (23-37) outscored Washington 31-13 in the third quarter and then avoided a final minute collapse en route to snapping their three-game losing streak.  
 
 Trevor Ariza  scored 22 points and  Bradley Beal  had 16 for the Wizards (18-38), who trailed 96-87 with 1:06 remaining. Ariza pulled Washington within one by scoring eight straight points on consecutive 3-pointers and two free throws following a clear path foul on  Will Bynum  with 12.3 seconds left.   
 Washington nearly lost possession on the final play, but the landed with Ariza, who airballed a potential game-winning 3-pointer from the left corner.  Emeka Okafor  added 15 points for the Wizards, who had won three straight. 
 Knight, who missed the previous three games with a hyper-extended right knee injury, made 5-for-6 3-pointers including one capping a 21-2 in the third, which put Detroit up 78-64. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We got guys that haven't been in the rotation complaining. The older guys trying to help and they won't listen. That just tells me I'm just worried about myself, I'm not worried about winning this game. You have a tough game; it's my job to coach you. Tonight for whatever reason - it's bizarre to me - they didn't want to be coached....It's my job to decide who is deserving of playing out there and that's what I'll continue to do...if you can't handle that and you don't agree with it, that's what you get a game like tonight." 
 -- Wizards coach  Randy Wittman 
 
 
 THE STAT:   John Wall  played only 24 minutes, finishing with six points and four assists while matching his season-high with seven turnovers. Over his last nine games, Wall has committed at least six turnovers six times. In his last five games, the Wizards point guard has twice committed seven turnovers and had six miscues in another. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:   "It wasn't it at all. I think it was great passes. I just think some of my teammates can't catch them and some of them got tipped away, so just got to deal with it. 
 -- John Wall after committing four turnovers in the first quarter 
 
 
 HOT:  The Pistons shot 61.1 percent (13-for-21) in the first quarter with an assist on all 13 of their made field goals -- eight from Calderon -- for a 28-24 lead. Detroit also had assists on its first three baskets in the second quarter.  
 
 NOT:  Collectively the Wizards shot 38.1 percent in the second half after knocking down 57.1 percent of their attempts before halftime. Wall and Beal missed nine of 13 shots while Ariza erred on four straight before sinking his two 3-pointers in the final stretch. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:   "Brandon, I think we're going to have to rest him. I think he's only going to be able to play one game a week." 
 -- Pistons coach  Lawrence Frank 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  With Wall scuffling, Wittman turned to backup point guard  A.J. Price , who finished with nine points, eight assists and one turnover in 24 minutes. Washington entered the fourth quarter trailing 82-68, but with Price directing traffic scored 11 unanswered points to pull closer at 82-79 as Detroit missed its first eight shots of the quarter.  
 
 NOTABLE:  The Pistons made 9 of 15 3-pointers. ... Nene  (right shoulder) sat out after suffering an injury Monday against Toronto.  Trevor Booker  made his first start since Nov. 14 and scored four points. ...  Kim English  scored 10 points for the Pistons...After not playing in Washington's last two games,  Kevin Seraphin  scored 12 points. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Pistons, Friday at New Orleans, Sunday at San Antonio, Wednesday vs. New York. For the Wizards, Friday vs. New York, Sunday vs. Phialdelphia, Wednesday at Minnesota.  
