  Magic-Pacers Notebook   By John Oehser, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday January 26, 2011 10:37PM THE FACTS:   Dwight Howard  finished with 19 points and 16 rebounds as the Orlando Magic pulled away early en route to a 111-96 victory over the Indiana Pacers in Indianapolis Wednesday. Orlando finished with six players in double figures and never trailed after the the first quarter.  Ryan Anderson  and  Jason Richardson  each converted four 3-point field goals for the Magic, who finished 16 of 34 from 3-point range. The 16 3-pointers were the most ever against Indiana. Danny Granger  shot 6 of 19 from the field to finish with 28 points for the Pacers, who finished 0-4 on a recent West Coast swing and lost their sixth consecutive game. QUOTABLE:  "The second quarter really did us in."   - Pacers coach  Jim O'Brien THE STAT:  It wasn't hard to see why the Magic controlled the game. They outplayed the Pacers from start to finish, and there wasn't just one statistic to illustrate it. The Magic not only out-shot the Pacers (50 percent to 41 percent) from the field, they out-rebounded them (46-41) and had 20 assists to 15 for the Pacers. TURNING POINT:  While the Magic were never really out of control, the Pacers played scrappy enough early to stay within range, and Orlando led by two -- 26-24 -- after a 3-point field goal by Granger 23 seconds into the second quarter. The Magic outscored the Pacers 21-6 over the next four minutes, hitting five three-pointers in the span. QUOTABLE II:  "They had a hard time tonight really getting shots. They really had to work to get good shots. I thought we defended Danny Granger very, very well. He got to the line 13 times, and some of them were very marginal. I thought we did a really good job making him take tough shots."   - Magic coach  Stan Van Gundy HOT:  As Van Gundy saw it, Orlando forward  Hedo Turkoglu  expended a lot of energy helping defend Granger, but he also was effective offensively. Turkoglu shot 7 of 10 from the field and finished with 18 points. NOT:  Pacers center  Roy Hibbert  had a tough match-up with Howard, and partly as a result, he continued to struggle Wednesday after a solid start to the season. Hibbert shot 2 of 6 from the field to finish with four points and also finished with two rebounds to Howard's 16. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Point guard  Darren Collison  continues to adjust to the Pacers' offense after joining the team in the off-season. Van Gundy said stopping Collison in transition was the one area where Orlando struggled at times defensively Wednesday, and the second-year veteran shot 10 of 18 from the field to finish with 21 points and four assists. GOOD MOVE:  The Magic emphasized defense during a Tuesday practice following a 103-96 home loss to Detroit Monday. The Magic had played eight games in 13 days, and Van Gundy said defensive fundamentals often dip during such a stretch. Indiana shot 41.2 percent from the field, but just 8 of 30 from 3-point range. BAD MOVE:  It wasn't as much a bad move by O'Brien as a necessary choice, but with Indiana focusing its defense on Howard inside, Orlando had open looks from outside much of the game. The Magic, who have been shooting better from 3-point range since a December trade, converted 47.1 percent of their 3-pointers and seven different players made 3-point field goals for the Magic. Van Gundy said afterward Indiana focuses on Howard as much as any team in the league when playing Orlando. QUOTABLE III:  "It's hard to beat a team that shoots 47 percent on their threes. We are missing assignments, defensively and offensively."   -  Granger ROOKIE WATCH:  Pacers rookie  Paul George , whose playing time has increased significantly in recent weeks, continues to show signs of being a solid contributor. He had 10 points Wednesday, shooting 3 of 9 from the field with two steals and seven rebounds. He has scored in double figures in each of the last two games. NOTABLE:  The Magic on Wednesday released point guard  Jason Williams , a 12-year NBA veteran. He had been upset and vocal about a lack of playing time this season, playing in 16 games -- mostly in late-game situations after the outcome had been decided. . . . The Magic's victory was Van Gundy's 200th with the franchise. UP NEXT:  For the Magic, Friday at Chicago, Sunday vs. Cleveland, Monday at Memphis. For the Pacers, Friday vs. New Jersey, Saturday at Chicago, Monday vs. Toronto.  