Notebook: Celtics 103, Cavaliers 86 
 
 
 Brian Robb, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Nov 29, 2013 11:46 PM - Updated Fri Nov 29, 2013 11:46 PM 
 
 THE FACT:   Brandon Bass  hit the first 3-pointer of his eight-year career in the closing seconds of the third quarter. He had been 0-of-16 from beyond the arc.  
 
 THE LEAD:   Jeff Green  posted a season-high 31 points, and  Jordan Crawford  added a triple-double as the Boston Celtics cruised to a 103-86 win over the Cleveland Cavaliers. Crawford posted 11 points, 11 rebounds and 10 assists, while  Avery Bradley  added 21 points on 9-of-11 shooting, as the hosts built an early double-digit lead and never looked back.  Dion Waiters  had a team-high 21 points off the bench for Cleveland, as they dropped their fifth straight.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "It was nice to put everything together. We had our ups-and-downs throughout the season. We have had quarters where we play well and quarters that we didn't but it was good to put an all-around good game together." 
 - Green 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Celtics held the Cavaliers to 10 first quarter points on 5-of-21 shooting. That mark was a season-low for points in a quarter for the Cavs this year.   
 
 TURNING POINT:  Cleveland missed 12 of their first 13 shots from the field over the game's first seven minutes. The Celtics jumped out to a 18-2 lead during the extended drought, effectively ending this contest shortly after the opening tip. After the run, the Cavs got no closer than 12 points the rest of the way.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We gotta be men. We gotta grow up. This is not no little boys league. We can't just turn it around and think it's gonna be easy. This is a man's league so at the end of the day we gotta bring it. Every night everybody gotta be on the same page." 
 - Waiters on his team's struggles 
 
 
 HOT:   Avery Bradley  -- Boston's off guard scored 13 of his 21 points in the first half on 5-of-6 shooting. Bradley also hit three of his four shots from beyond the arc, a season-high for him from 3-point range.  
 
 NOT:   Andrew Bynum  -- It was second straight four point outing for the Cavs' big free-agent addition. The center connected on just two of his seven shot attempts on the night and managed to grab a mere two rebounds in 15 minutes.   
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Crawford -- It was third triple-double of Crawford's career, and first as a member of the Celtics. Over his past five games, Crawford is averaging 14.6 points, 7.2 assists and 4.4 rebounds per contest.  
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:   Sergey Karasev  -- The Russian guard got the first start of his NBA career but struggled to make an impact. He scored just one point over 15 minutes of action, while battling foul trouble in the first half.  
 
 NOTABLE:    Courtney Lee  missed the game with a sprained right knee. He is day-to-day.  Kelly Olynyk  missed his fourth straight contest with an ankle sprain. He will miss at least another week. ...  C.J. Miles  was inactive for the fourth straight game with a calf injury. ... With the defeat Cleveland dropped to 1-9 on the road, the worst mark in the Eastern Conference. ... The Celtics snapped a four-game home losing streak with the win. ... Cleveland's starting lineup combined for just 30 points. ... Boston led by as many as 25 points.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Celtics, Saturday @ Milwaukee, Tuesday vs. Milwaukee, Friday vs. Denver. For the Cavaliers, Saturday vs. Chicago, Wednesday vs. Denver, Friday @ Atlanta.   
