  Notebook: Bulls 95, Bobcats 64 Posted Friday February 10, 2012 10:52PM By Derek Smith, for NBA.com THE FACTS: Joakim Noah  led all scorers and rebounders with 17 points and 14 rebounds as the Chicago Bulls blew out the Charlotte Bobcats 95-64 Friday night at Time Warner Cable Arena. Chicago never trailed as they handed the Bobcats a team-worst 13th consecutive loss. The Bulls have won five straight including four in a row by at least 20 points. QUOTABLE:  "(Joakim Noah) was great in every aspect tonight. He ran the court. He played with energy. He was able to rebound and anchor the defense and did a nice job passing the ball."  --  Chicago coach  Tom Thibodeau. THE STAT: Derrick Brown  was the lone Bobcat to score in double figures and managed just 10 points. Charlotte is last in the league in scoring at 86.3 points per game and is also being outscored by the largest margin of any team in the NBA at 14.2. The last time Charlotte scored 100 or more was in its 112-100 win over Golden State on January 14. The 64 points is their lowest scoring output this season. TURNING POINT:  This game was never in question, but the Bobcats lost all steam after  Ronnie Brewer  missed a dunk midway through the first quarter that ricocheted to  Luol Deng  who sank a three pointer. Chicago extended their lead on the following possession with another Deng three to make it 24-12. Chicago would never trail by less than 10 the rest of the game. QUOTABLE II:  "We did a good job out there. We came out from the start again and took the lead. We're not playing the score and are just working on what we need to do to get better while we're out there."  --  Bulls forward Deng. HOT:  Noah. The Bulls center was seven-of-nine from the floor with 17 points and had 14 rebounds. He also added three assists for the Bulls and was a constant defensive presence that helped limit the Bobcats to a season-low 64 points. It was his tenth double-double of the season. INSIDE THE ARENA:  It was NASCAR night at Time Warner Cable Arena. The Bobcats wore special NASCAR patches on their jerseys and every aspect of the game had a racing element to it. Team owner and former Chicago Bull  Michael Jordan  was in attendance, but abandoned his seats next to the Charlotte bench at the half with the Bobcats trailing by 22. GOOD MOVE:  Leaving  Derrick Rose  in street clothes. The Bulls All-Star point guard was originally in the starting lineup, but was pulled just prior to tip by coach Thibodeau. Rose has been limited by a lower back strain. Chicago is 4-1 without Rose in the lineup. ROOKIE WATCH:  Charlotte rookie  Kemba Walker  struggled with nine points on two-of-11 shooting. He did register five assists with no turnovers and grabbed four rebounds. The Bulls lone rookie  Jimmy Butler  scored four points and grabbed two rebounds in 17 minutes of action. NOTABLE:  Brown recorded double figure scoring for the eighth time in the last 10 games and the ninth time this season ...  Bismack Biyombo  had his third double-figure rebounding night ...  Carols Boozer  recorded his 24th game with double-figure scoring this season while Deng had his 18th ...  C.J. Watson  had a career-best four steals ... Thibodeau locked up head coach duties during the All-Star Game with the Bulls win tonight ... Chicago is now 14-5 on the road this season and 11-0 when it holds its opponent to less than 85 points. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Sunday @ Boston, Tuesday vs. Sacramento, Thursday vs. Boston. For the Bobcats, Saturday vs. Clippers, Monday vs. Sixers, Wednesday at Minnesota.  