  Notebook: Nuggets 105, Rockets 102 Posted Tuesday April 17, 2012 12:00AM By Matt Miller, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The Denver Nuggets became latest team to boost its postseason outlook with a road victory over the slumping Houston Rockets. Arron Afflalo  scored 26 points on 10-for-16 shooting to go with five assists, and  Ty Lawson  added 25 points and four rebounds as the Nuggets defeated the Rockets 105-102 on Monday at Toyota Center. With the victory, Denver (34-27) remained tied with Dallas in the loss column for sixth place in the Western Conference while building a two-game cushion in the loss column over Houston and Phoenix. Rookie  Chandler Parsons  poured in a season-high-tying 21 points and collected three steals to lead Houston (32-29), which has lost four consecutive games overall and four straight at home to slip into a deadlock with Phoenix for eighth in the West.  Goran Dragic  chipped in with 21 points and seven assists for the Rockets, who also lost to Denver on Sunday in Colorado. QUOTABLE:  "We could have came in here and settled [for a split in the home-and-home series]. ... It definitely showed some character coming in here with this effort, and it's tough beating a team that's fighting for a playoff spot in back-to-back games."  --  Nuggets guard  Andre Miller. THE STAT:  The Nuggets turned it around after shooting just 12-for-30 (40.0 percent) in the paint in the first half, connecting on 13-of-21 shot attempts (61.9 percent) in the paint during the second half. TURNING POINT:  After Parsons nailed a mid-range jumper to cut the Nuggets' lead to 101-100, Lawson answered with a corner 3-pointer to push Denver's advantage to four. Houston made another shot before  Al Harrington  bricked a wide-open corner trey, but  Luis Scola's  potential game-tying shot off a post-up on Harrington did not fall. QUOTABLE II:  "This [loss] does [hurt] because we had the lead throughout most of the game, and a couple of mental breakdowns at the end is what cost us. ... It's frustrating. We were clicking. We were winning. We won those four games [on the road], then we come back here and we lose four games at home."  --  Rockets guard  Courtney Lee  on the losing streak, which has taken away Houston's ability to control its playoff destiny. HOT:  Afflalo averaged 23.0 points on 19-for-31 (61.3 percent) shooting during the home-and-home series with the Rockets. He has netted at least 21 points in five of nine games this April. NOT:  Rockets forward  Patrick Patterson , who has been up and down with his shot all season, has hit another offensive slump. The second-year forward has averaged only 5.3 points on 7-for-23 (30.4 percent) shooting and 2.7 turnovers over the last three games. GOOD MOVE:  After outscoring Houston 60-26 in the paint during Sunday's win, Denver knew the Rockets' defense would be sagging toward the rim for much of the game. With crisp ball movement against sloppy defensive rotations, the Nuggets found themselves open on the perimeter throughout the game. Denver drilled nine of 18 attempts (50.0 percent) from behind the arc. BAD MOVE:  Houston center  Samuel Dalembert  protected the rim valiantly with a season-best seven blocked shots in the first three quarters. But head coach  Kevin McHale  opted for smaller lineups in the fourth period, providing the Nuggets with the opportunity to shoot a high percentage inside. QUOTABLE III:  "Dalembert was the dominant personality. ... His blocks caused a lot of bad offense, which was created by his presence."  --  Denver head coach  George Karl  on Dalembert's effect on the Nuggets' offense. NOTABLE:  Rockets center  Marcus Camby  (sore lower back) sat out for the first time since he was traded to Houston, while Denver played without forward  Wilson Chandler  (strained left hip) for the eighth time in the last nine games. Both players are listed as day-to-day moving forward. ... Scola finished with 14 points and 13 rebounds to record his 100th career double-double. The Rockets' four-game home losing streak is their longest of the season at Toyota Center. ... The Rockets have lost three consecutive games decided by four points or less. ... Denver's  Corey Brewer  netted 11 points on 4-for-4 shooting in the fourth period. ...The Nuggets trailed at halftime in each game of their home-and-home sweep of the Rockets. ... Houston matched a season high with 32 points first-quarter points. ... Denver improved to 10-1 this season when  Kenneth Faried  blocks at least two shots. ... The Nuggets improved to 30-3 when leading after three quarters. ... Miller, who dished out a season-high 13 assists, has come off the bench and handed out at least six assists in five consecutive games. ... Houston blocked a season-high 11 shots. UP NEXT:  For the Nuggets, Wednesday vs. L.A. Clippers, Saturday @ Phoenix (ESPN), Sunday vs. Orlando. For the Rockets, Wednesday @ Dallas, Thursday @ New Orleans, Saturday vs. Golden State.  