  Notebook: Lakers 103, Trail Blazers 92 Posted Tuesday February 21, 2012 1:54AM By Dan Arritt, for NBA.com    THE FACTS:  The Lakers forced the Trail Blazers into a franchise-low point total in the opening quarter Monday night, and back-up point guard Steve Blake scored his most points in a Lakers uniform to lead L.A. to a 103-92 victory at Staples Center. THE STAT:  The seven points the Trail Blazers managed in the opening 12 minutes was not only a franchise low for a first quarter, but also the lowest-scoring point total in any quarter this season, surpassing the 11 points they put up in the fourth quarter of a 74-71 loss Thursday against the visiting Clippers. QUOTE:  "I thought the first quarter and half, we moved the basketball as good as we have all year ... it was fun to watch."   -- Lakers coach  Mike Brown TURNING POINT:  Portland point guard  Raymond Felton  hit a 3-point basket on the first shot of the game but that was the last time the Trail Blazers would lead. They missed 20 of their next 22 field-goal attempts as the Lakers strung together runs of 10-0 and 13-0 to take a 22-point lead heading into the second. The Lakers then scored the first eight points of the second quarter to go up by 30. Portland made a late run but never got back within single digits. HOT:  Lakers center  Andrew Bynum  keyed the hot start for the Lakers by recording eight points, nine rebounds and an assist in his first eight minutes of playing time. He finished with 14 points and 19 rebounds ... Blake, who played parts of four seasons in Portland and still keeps an offseason home there, scored 14 of his 17 points in his first run with the second unit, hitting all four 3-point attempts ... The Lakers held the Blazers to 30 first-half points, breaking the franchise record for points allowed in a half (31). They allowed 63 points in the first half the night before in Phoenix ... Portland netted seven 3-pointers in the third quarter when they cut a 22-point halftime deficit to 14. NOT:  Portland forward  LaMarcus Aldridge , in his second game back since missing two games with a sprained ankle, scored 18 points but shot 6-for-19, his worst shooting night since he went 4-for-14 in a 15-point loss to the visiting Kings on Jan. 24, 2011. GOOD MOVE:  Portland coach  Nate McMillan  is raising some eyebrows with his minute distribution. He played back-up guard  Jamal Crawford  a season-low 13 minutes in a 20-point victory Saturday night against the visiting Hawks, but wised up and played him 27 minutes against the Lakers. Crawford finished with 15 points, including a 20-footer that cut the deficit to 10 with 7:58 remaining in the game. BAD MOVE:  Lakers guard  Kobe Bryant , the league's leading scorer at 29 points a game, finished with a game-high 28 but also picked up his seventh technical foul of the season, one game short of the halfway mark. If he gets to 13, he must serve a one-game suspension. QUOTE II:  "No excuse for that first-half effort. We knew [the Lakers] would come out aggressive and play hard after their loss last night ... I just didn't feel that we came ready to play."   -- McMillan NOTABLE:  The Lakers have beaten Portland at Staples Center in 17 of the last 20 meetings. They improved to 14-2 at home this season. UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Wednesday @ Dallas, Thursday @ Oklahoma City, Feb. 29 vs. Minnesota. For the Trail Blazers, Tuesday vs. San Antonio, Wednesday @ Denver, March 1 vs. Miami.  