  Notebook: Rockets 107, Bobcats 87 Posted Wednesday March 14, 2012 11:22PM By Matt Miller, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The Houston Rockets backed up an emotional fourth-quarter comeback over Oklahoma City with a victory that may not feel as great, but will count just as much in the standings. Luis Scola  scored 14 of his team-high 23 points in the third quarter alone, and  Goran Dragic  added a double-double of 14 points and 10 assists as the Rockets crushed the woeful Charlotte Bobcats, 107-87, on Wednesday at Toyota Center. Reserve guard  Derrick Brown  paced the Bobcats' attack with 15 points on 6-for-10 shooting and a season-high four steals, while  Gerald Henderson  finished with 10 points, four boards and three assists. Houston (24-20) has won two games in a row and three of four overall since going on a season-worst five-game losing streak. The Bobcats (6-35), who fell to 3-20 on the road and have dropped nine of their last 11 games overall, failed in their sixth attempt to earn back-to-back victories for the first time this season. QUOTABLE:  "It was big [for us to dominate Charlotte]. Coming in from last night, that game only built momentum for us today."   -- Rockets guard  Courtney Lee  on avoiding a let-down after an improbable victory one night ago THE STAT:  Although the Rockets were the only one of these two teams playing on the second night of a back-to-back set, the Bobcats played as if they were the ones with tired legs. Houston crushed Charlotte on the offensive glass, 10-4, leading to a 17-6 edge in second-chance points. The Bobcats' sleepy play was evident on offense as well, as the Rockets limited Charlotte to only 28 points in the paint. TURNING POINT:  After falling behind by 14 early in the game, the Bobcats cut their deficit to 41-36 with 3:30 left in the second quarter by cranking up the intensity on defense and the boards. With the Rockets struggling to get stops and generate the same ball movement that helped them build their large advantage, coach  Kevin McHale  went with a small lineup of Dragic, Lee, Scola,  Chase Budinger  and  Chandler Parsons . The adjustment righted the ship for Houston, which closed the first half on a 9-4 spurt to regain a double-digit lead. A discouraged Charlotte squad never threatened after that. QUOTABLE II:  "I just don't think we fought that hard tonight. We haven't just stopped playing [before]. I don't know whether guys were hurt ... or whatever, but we just didn't put out. That's something I just can't deal with. ... I'll lose by 50 if the guys are playing hard."   -- Bobcats coach  Paul Silas  on his disappointment in Charlotte's defense, which let Houston score a season-best 60 points in the paint HOT:  The Rockets certainly miss the intangibles that  Kyle Lowry  (bacterial infection) brings to their squad, but Dragic has posted some attractive statistics in the four games that Houston's starting point guard has been out of commission. Dragic is averaging 17.3 points on 53.2 percent (25-for-47) shooting overall and 47.6 percent (10-for-21) shooting from behind the arc to go with 8.3 assists and 3.5 rebounds since replacing Lowry in the Rockets' starting five. QUOTABLE III:  "We want Kyle back badly, but we're not missing a beat with Goran. He's playing unbelievable. ... He's doing everything you want in a point guard, so we couldn't be any more happy with the way he's playing."   -- Parsons on Dragic NOT:  Rookie  Kemba Walker  appears to have hit the so-called rookie wall. The point guard out of the University of Connecticut has averaged 6.8 points on 33.3 percent (12-for-36) shooting overall, including 0.0 percent (0-for-9) shooting from 3-point range, 1.8 turnovers and 0.3 steals over his last four games. GOOD MOVE:  Houston played without starting shooting guard  Kevin Martin  for the second game in a row as he continues to battle a strained right shoulder. With the worst team in the NBA in town and trade rumors circulating throughout the media -- and likely in Martin's brain -- the Rockets did not need to rush the 6-foot-7 guard back into their lineup. BAD MOVE:  Bobcats leading scorer  Corey Maggette  displayed toughness by playing with a sore back, but his ineffective performance only made matters worse for Charlotte. Maggette shot 3-for-9 from the field in 22-plus minutes on the court -- time that may have been better used on the Bobcats' stable of developing players, considering their position in the standings. NOTABLE:  Lee dislocated his left finger in two spots and also tore a ligament, but he said he will be fine. "I just have to wear this little splint to keep it straight -- six weeks," Lee said. "There's no pain. Just tape it up, and I'll be ready to go." ... Martin is listed as day-to-day. ... Bobcats center/forward  Eduardo Najera  (sore knee) was inactive for the second straight game. ... Houston improved to 14-0 this season when limiting its opponent to less than 90 points. ... The Rockets have won seven consecutive home meetings with the Bobcats. Charlotte last won in Houston on Dec. 22, 2004. ... Houston improved to 12-0 when holding its opponent below 42.4 percent shooting from the field. ... The Rockets are now 7-1 when concluding a back-to-back set at home. ... Houston netted a season-high 36 points in the third quarter. ... The Bobcats fell to 1-7 on the road against the Western Conference. ... Charlotte is now 0-27 when it connects on a lower percentage of shot attempts than its opponent. ...The Bobcats dropped to 1-13 on the first night of a back-to-back set. ... Charlotte is now 1-24 when it scores less than 90 points. UP NEXT:  For the Bobcats, Thursday @ Dallas, Saturday vs. Toronto, Monday vs. Philadelphia. For the Rockets, Saturday @ L.A. Clippers, Sunday @ Phoenix, Tuesday vs. L.A. Lakers.  