  Notebook: Clippers 102, Wizards 84 Posted Thursday February 16, 2012 2:13AM By Dan Arritt, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  All five starters scored in double figures Wednesday night as the Clippers picked up where they left off following a season-long six-game road trip, putting the Washington Wizards away in the fourth quarter of a 102-84 victory at Staples Center. QUOTABLE:  "To play in front of the home crowd and have that security was good. The road trip was good for us, it made us a little tougher."   -- Clippers forward  Blake Griffin . THE STAT:  The Clippers improved to 18-9 on the season, their second-best start in franchise history. They started 18-8 in 1974-75, when they were known as the Buffalo Braves. That team was coached by future Hall of Famer  Jack Ramsay  and included that season's scoring champion,  Bob McAdoo . The Braves eventually lost to the Washington Bullets in the Eastern Conference semifinals. TURNING POINT:  The Wizards scored six of the first seven points in the fourth quarter to cut the deficit to three points with 10:12 remaining. Clippers shooting guard  Randy Foye  then drained a 3-pointer and Washington backup guard  Jordan Crawford  missed a 19-footer on the other end. Foye then drew a foul on  John Wall  and made both free throws for an eight-point lead with 9:22 left and the Wizards never pulled back within six points. HOT:  Clippers forward  Caron Butler  continues to torch his former teams. After scoring a season-high 23 points Monday in Dallas, Butler shot 5-for-7 from 3-point territory and scored 21 points against Washington, where he played from 2006 until midway through the 2009-10 season, when he was traded to Dallas. Butler gave the Clippers a good start by scoring 11 points in the opening quarter. Foye, another ex-Wizard, scored all 10 of his points in the fourth quarter, when the Clippers outscored the Wizards, 28-18. NOT:  The Washington backcourt of Wall and  Nick Young  were a combined 9-for-31 from the floor. Young, who played at USC and Cleveland High School in nearby Reseda, started the game 0-for-8 before hitting three 3-pointers in the third quarter, helping the Wizards briefly retake the lead. Young finished with 14 points after scoring a season-high 35 the night before in Portland. GOOD MOVE:  Another key stretch of the game came in the final three minutes of the third quarter. The Wizards had tied the score one final time, 66-66, on a 3-point basket by Young. On the next trip down the floor, Foye missed a 3-pointer but Griffin grabbed the offensive rebound and slammed it through the hoop for a two-point lead.  Chris Paul  then poked the ball away from Wall, leading to a lob pass to Griffin, who soared high in the air to catch the pass and slam it in for a 70-66 lead. Griffin would score once more off an offensive rebound before the quarter ended, helping the Clippers to a 74-66 lead heading into the fourth. Griffin finished with a team-high 23 points and 15 rebounds. QUOTABLE II:  "We did a much better job in the second half with our ball movement, controlling our turnovers better and we did a really nice job on the glass."   -- Clippers coach  Vinny Del Negro . BAD MOVE:  Wall received a technical foul in the second quarter for getting on the referee about a no-call on his drive to the basket and dish off to  JaVale McGee . The strange part was McGee had made the basket to cut the deficit to three points with 3:08 left in the half. NOTABLE:  The Clippers owned a 58-52 edge on the boards, the seventh consecutive game they won the rebounding battle ... Paul's steal against Wall late in the third quarter extended his streak of games with at least one steal to 31, the longest active streak in the NBA ... McGee and Clippers center  DeAndre Jordan  came into the game as the only two players in the NBA averaging at least eight points, eight rebounds and 2.5 blocks. McGee finished with 18 points, five rebounds and two blocks, ending his streak of three consecutive double-doubles. Jordan had 11 points, nine rebounds and three blocks, UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Thursday @ Portland, Saturday vs. San Antonio, Monday @ Golden State. For the Wizards, Friday @ Utah, Monday @ Phoenix, Wednesday vs. Sacramento.  