  Notebook: Lakers 111, Suns 99 Posted Saturday February 18, 2012 1:58AM By Dan Arritt, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  At least for a night, the Lakers' offense resembled something from the past.  Kobe Bryant  scored 18 of his team-high 36 points in the decisive third quarter and  Matt Barnes  contributed a season-high 17 points off the bench, lifting the league's 23rd best offense to a season-high point total Friday night in a 111-99 victory against the Suns at Staples Center. QUOTABLE:  "If I get comfortable and time out there with minutes, that's the most important thing."   -- Matt Barnes. THE STAT:  The third quarter wasn't just memorable for Bryant's offensive surge. He also grabbed his 6,000th career rebound early on, becoming the ninth guard in NBA history to hit that mark. TURNING POINT:  The Lakers appeared on the verge of putting the Suns away in the second quarter after their reserves sparked an 11-0 run for a 10-point lead. The starters returned to the floor, however, and gave the lead back, then made up for it by finishing the first half on a 9-0 run to retake a nine-point lead. The Suns stayed within striking distance until a 14-0 run in the third quarter put the Suns in the hole for good, 83-63. HOT:  Barnes, who lost his starting small forward job to  Metta World Peace  last month, made a bid to get it back against the Suns and didn't waste any time in the process. He made all four of his field-goal attempts and scored 11 points in his first eight minutes on the floor. He was the main cog in a bench effort that scored 34 points on 13-for-20 shooting. NOT:  As good as the Suns were distributing the basketball, they were almost as bad giving it away. They committed 15 turnovers in the first half before cleaning things up in the second and finishing with 17.  Steve Nash  had four of his seven giveaways in the first 4:14 of the game. The Lakers weren't much better early on, committing seven of their 19 turnovers in the opening quarter. GOOD MOVE:  Phoenix guard  Shannon Brown , who signed with the Suns shortly before the start of the season after spending the last 2-plus seasons in L.A., earned playing time for just the second time in the last eight games. He took advantage after starter  Grant Hill  left the game in the third quarter with four fouls, scoring a season-high 15 points the rest of the way. His highlight-reel play was a two-handed dunk off an offensive rebound that cut L.A.'s lead to five midway through the fourth quarter. BAD MOVE:  World Peace didn't help his chances of maintaining his starting role, scoring two points on 1-for-4 shooting in 26 minutes. He missed back-to-back reverse layups on the same possession during the third quarter, even though there was no one defending him on the play. That resulted in a fast break the other way and  Jared Dudley  scored for the Suns to cut the deficit to six. Fortunately for World Peace, the Lakers followed with their 14-0 run. NOTABLE:  The Suns produced a season-high 32 assists on 41 field goals, including 11 on 11 in the opening quarter. The Lakers assisted on all eight of their first-quarter field goals as well. Phoenix point guard Steve Nash finished with 17 helpers to match his season high ... Lakers forward  Pau Gasol  finished with 10 points and 13 rebounds for his 19th double-double this season, third best in the league ... Bryant, who scored a season-high 48 points the last time the Suns came to town Jan. 10, came up four points short of his third straight 40-point game against Phoenix. UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Sunday @ Phoenix, Monday vs. Portland, Wednesday @ Dallas. For the Suns, Sunday vs. L.A. Lakers, Monday vs. Washington, Wednesday vs. Golden State.  