Notebook: Hornets 89, Bulls 82 
 
 
 Kent McDill, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Nov 03, 2012 11:34 PM - Updated Sat Nov 03, 2012 11:34 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:  The visiting New Orleans Hornets played better defense, and the host Chicago Bulls couldn't make shots when they were open, so the Hornets came away with an 89-82 victory at the United Center on Saturday. The decision left both teams 2-1 on the young season. The Hornets played without star rookie forward  Anthony Davis , who suffered a concussion Friday and did not travel with the team.  Greivis Vasquez  scored 18 points, while  Robin Lopez  and  Jason Smith  had 16 points each for the Hornets.  Luol Deng  scored 19 points for the Bulls.  
 
 THE FACTS II:  It took the Bulls more than five minutes to get their second basket of the game, and they had nine turnovers in the first quarter. They managed to build a lead in the second quarter, but lost it, and lost the battle for the rest of the game.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "Anthony left a big hole, but everyone stepped up to fill that hole." 
 -- New Orleans center Robin Lopez  
 
 
 THE STAT :  The Hornets outrebounded the Bulls 44-41. The Bulls did get 15 offensive rebounds for 20 points. 
 
 THE STAT II:  The Bulls shot 33 percent for the game, and the bench outscored the starters 42-40. Starters  Carlos Boozer ,  Richard Hamilton  and  Kirk Hinrich  combined to go 4-for-26 (15.3 percent) for 10 points.   
 
 INJURY UPDATE:  Hornets coach  Monty Williams  said he did not know when Davis would be allowed to return to the team.  
 
 HOT:  Lopez was 7-for-10 from the field, and had seven rebounds for the Hornets.  
 
 NOT:  Hinrich is 5-for-19 (26.3 percent) from the field this season.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We don't get a lot of credit or notoriety for being a physical team, but that is something we pride ourselves on." 
 -- New Orleans coach Monty Williams  
 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "On nights you are not shooting well, there are many other things you can do to help yourselves win." 
 -- Bulls coach  Tom Thibodeau 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:   Ryan Anderson , who was New Orleans' No. 2 scorer after the first two games, was put into the starting lineup in place of Davis and scored 12 points with 13 rebounds.  
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  The No. 1 ranked Indiana University basketball team was in attendance for the game. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  The Hornets' other starting rookie,  Austin Rivers , had nine points in 34 minutes of play. He had as many turnovers (two) as assists. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Tuesday vs. Orlando, Thursday vs. Oklahoma City, Saturday vs Minnesota. For the Hornets, Wednesday vs. Philadelphia, Friday vs. Charlotte, Nov. 14 @ Houston. 
