  Notebook: Rockets 90, Hornets 88   By Matt Miller, for NBA.com Posted Friday January 20, 2012 12:06AM THE FACTS:  The New Orleans Hornets rallied from a 12-point fourth-quarter deficit and appeared to be headed to their first win in six games midway through overtime. Then, with a little help from key defensive plays, the Houston Rockets found their offense before it was too late. Kevin Martin  scored 27 of his season-high 32 points before halftime, and  Samuel Dalembert  added a double-double of 17 rebounds and 15 points -- including a game-winning tip dunk -- as Houston extended its winning streak to five games with a thrilling 90-88 victory in overtime against the New Orleans Hornets on Thursday at Toyota Center. Martin and the Rockets' offense packed quite a punch in the first half, racking up 58 points, but they slammed into a wall after the break and allowed a scrappy Hornets team to make a late surge to a five-point lead with 2:16 left in the extra session. Houston, however, finished the game on a 7-0 run as New Orleans missed its final three shots and committed two turnovers. Jason Smith  led New Orleans (3-12) with season highs of 17 points and three blocks, while  Jarrett Jack  chipped in 15 points, seven assists and five boards. QUOTABLE:  "We just got real passive. Everything was east-west. There was nothing north-south, and if we're not going north-south and attacking, it's hard to play."  --  Rockets coach  Kevin McHale  on his team's offensive struggles in the second half. THE STAT:  The Rockets used crisp ball movement to create open looks and scored 58 points on 55 percent (22-for-40) shooting from the field in the first half. But their offense became incredibly stagnant after halftime, and the shooting suffered. Houston netted only 24 points on 26.8 percent (11-for-41) shooting in the third and fourth quarters, allowing New Orleans to climb back into the game. NOT:  Houston's offense was especially pathetic in the fourth quarter, when it poured in only seven points on 3-for-21 shooting and committed four turnovers. The Rockets have not been held to a single-digit scoring total in the final period since Nov. 14, 2006. The Hornets were the last team to win a game when scoring seven or fewer points in the fourth quarter (April 4, 2007). TURNING POINT:  Houston thought it was in complete control, leading 80-70 with 5:40 remaining in the fourth quarter. But the Hornets rallied with a 9-0 run to cut their deficit to 80-79 with 2:26 left to play. Martin and Smith made shots for their respective teams to put the score at 82-81, and after Martin could not get a deep jumper to fall on Houston's next possession, Jack drove in the paint, drew a foul and made one of two free throws to even the score at 82 with 17.2 seconds left in regulation. TURNING POINT II:  New Orleans outscored Houston 6-1 to begin the extra session and grab an 88-83 lead with 2:16 remaining. Dalembert responded by converting a layup after being fouled and sank the free throw. Then  Luis Scola  added two more free shots to tie the game at 88 with about one minute left. The Hornets and Rockets traded misses before  Courtney Lee  (season highs of 17 points and three steals) disrupted a Jack pass and threw the ball to Martin, who failed to make a fast-break layup. Dalembert was trailing Martin, however, and slammed home the game-winning put-back with 11 seconds to go. QUOTABLE II:  "I talked to the guys earlier today about fighting and caring for one another. I saw care tonight. I saw guys who wanted it [the win], and if we can do that on a consistent basis we'll win more games."  --  New Orleans coach  Monty Williams  on signs of improvement from his team in the hard-fought loss. HOT:  Martin reached 25 points for the third time in his last four games, reaching that benchmark before halftime. Martin nailed 10 of 14 attempts from the field in the first half, including 5-for-8 shooting from 3-point range. He has averaged 24.0 points over his last four outings. GOOD MOVE:  Houston (8-7) has done a great job of "taking out the trash" during their five-game winning streak, defeating Detroit, New Orleans, Sacramento and Washington to gain momentum and move above .500 for the first time this season. BAD MOVE:  The Rockets found a rhythm from the perimeter early in the game, connecting on seven of their first 10 attempts from behind the arc. But the scorching start made Houston too confident as it continued to look for long-range offense and missed two of its last 17 3-point shots to finish 9-for-22 for the game. NOTABLE:  Rockets forward  Jordan Hill  (flu) missed Thursday's contest, and his status for Saturday's game against San Antonio in up in the air. ... Center Samuel Dalembert tweaked his left ankle during the second half, but he remained in the game and said he should be able to play Saturday. ... Houston set a new season high with 32 first-quarter points. ... The Hornets became Houston's seventh opponent in the last eight games to shoot worse than 46 percent overall. ... New Orleans never led until there was 3:47 remaining in overtime. ... The Rockets won for only the second time in the last eight meetings between these teams. ... New Orleans has allowed at least 32 points in the opening period of each of its last two games. ... Houston improved to 6-0 this season when limiting opponents to less than 90 points. ... The Rockets improved to 4-0 when they pull down at least 50 rebounds. ... The Hornets fell to 2-11 against Western-Conference foes. ... New Orleans is now 0-8 when trailing at halftime and 1-9 in games decided by 10 points or less. UP NEXT:  For the Hornets, Saturday vs. Dallas, Monday vs. San Antonio, Wednesday @ Oklahoma City. For the Rockets, Saturday vs. San Antonio, Monday @ Minnesota, Wednesday vs. Milwaukee.  