  Notebook: Pacers 118, Bucks109 Posted Thursday April 19, 2012 10:56PM By Conrad Brunner, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  What lies ahead in the postseason remains to be seen, but the Indiana Pacers are doing their best to make their remarkable regular season as memorable as possible. They battled past a desperate, frustrated Milwaukee team 118-109 Thursday in Bankers Life Fieldhouse in Indianapolis in a game that became contentious in the fourth quarter, though two separate incidents did not escalate beyond pushing and jawing.  Danny Granger  scored 29,  George Hill  22 and  David West  21 with 14 rebounds and seven assists for the Pacers, who won their seventh in a row -- the team's longest streak since the 2003-04 season -- and clinched homecourt advantage in the first round of the playoffs. The magic number for wrapping up the third seed is one. Indiana (41-22) also improved to 11-1 in April, the best record in the league.  Brandon Jennings  scored 27 and  Mike Dunleavy  23 for Milwaukee. QUOTABLE:  " David West  is a bad man ... and I'm not talking about the altercation. He is playing at an extremely high level and driving this team to be great. I can't wait to see how far he leads us in the playoffs."   -- Indiana Coach  Frank Vogel THE STAT:  Indiana has scored at least 100 points in seven consecutive games and 12 of 13. TURNING POINT:  After a fast start, the Pacers went cold, missing 13 straight shots as the Bucks put together a 19-2 run to take a 40-34 lead in the second quarter. But Indiana regained control with an 18-2 run bridging intermission to take a 66-52 lead and Milwaukee was not able to pose a major threat the rest of the way. QUOTABLE II:  "They're a good club. They're 19 games above right now, so you can't fall behind like that. You have to stay with them. Our overall approach early in the game wasn't good enough for a game like this against a team of that caliber. It's not that we didn't play hard, it's that you need an extraordinary effort against a team like this, not an ordinary one. It's a great club. They'll be a tough out in the playoffs."    -- Skiles HOT:  West made 9-of-14 shots, while  Roy Hibbert  was 5-of-5 and Hill was 8-of-12. NOT:  Jennings shot 8-of-23 and  Monta Ellis  was 5-of-14. The Bucks' guards combined to shoot 36 of 99 (.364) in three games against Indiana. QUOTABLE III:  "No comment. I will let the league handle that."    -- Bucks Coach  Scott Skiles  on the Larry Sanders ejection. GOOD MOVE:  When  Paul George  picked up his fourth foul early in the third quarter, Vogel left his young shooting guard in the game and the move paid dividends, as George had consecutive buckets in a six-point surge that pushed the lead to 76-62 while hounding Ellis, defensively. BAD MOVE:  After picking up a technical foul for protesting a call with 3:49 left, Sanders drove through Granger, who was attempting to set a baseline screen, and picked up his sixth foul 20 seconds later. He protested again, picked up a second technical and was tossed but did not leave the floor until repeatedly trying to engage several players including West, Hill and Granger. NOTABLE:  All five Indiana starters scored in double figures for the 11th time this season. The Pacers are 10-1 in those games. ...  Hansbrough  and former teammate Dunleavy tangled for the second time this season with 9:03 remaining. Dunleavy was hip-checked out of bounds on a drive by  Leandro Barbosa . He fell hard on top of Hansbrough but the players were quickly separated. Originally given a flagrant-2 foul, which would've resulted in an ejection, Barbosa's penalty was reduced to a type 1 after the officials reviewed the play. ... Granger made all 11 of his free throws to run his streak to 39. ... George became the seventh player in the league this season to amass 100 steals. ... The Pacers had a streak of nine straight sub-100-point games by opponents snapped, but scored at least 100 for the seenth straight game and 12th in 13. ... Hill started his seventh game in a row at the point, as  Darren Collison  remained sidelined by a sore groin. ... Milwaukee was without forward  Ersan Ilyasova,  who sustained a bruised right thigh late in the Bucks' 121-110 loss to Washington Wednesday.  Luc Richard Mbah a Moute  started in his place. UP NEXT:  For the Pacers, Saturday vs. Philadelphia, Monday vs. Detroit, Wednesday vs. Chicago. For the Bucks, Saturday vs. New Jersey, Monday vs. Toronto, Wednesday vs. Philadelphia.  