  Notebook: Kings 95, Trail Blazers 92   By James Ham, for NBA.com Posted Friday February 3, 2012 1:21AM THE FACTS:  The Sacramento Kings erased a nine-point halftime deficit tonight and held on to beat the Portland Trailblazers 95-92 at Power Balance Pavilion. In his first game back from injury,  Marcus Thornton  led the Kings with 20 points, hitting 10-for-12 from the free throw line.  John Salmons  added 19 points and  Tyreke Evans  tossed in 18 as the Kings Improved to 7-15 on the season. LaMarcus Aldridge  scored 28 for the Blazers, who fell to 3-9 on the road this season. QUOTABLE:  "I feel like I just play with my heart. I just play to win and play my heart out. I feel like, when I'm in the game, them guys play a little harder. They see me going out there trying to get block shots, trying to do whatever I can to win and it gets them amped up a little bit."  --  Rookie point guard  Isaiah Thomas  said after the win.   THE STAT:  The Kings were the more aggressive team tonight, which really showed up at the free throw line. In a 3 point game, the Kings went 22-for-29 from the line, while the Blazers finished just 8-for-16. That is a big 14 point swing. TURNING POINT:  After trailing by nine at the half, Evans flew in for a huge breakaway dunk at the 3:39 mark of the third, tying the game at 63-63 and electrifying the crowd. HOT:  Aldridge was unstoppable in the first half for the Blazers, scoring 19 points on 9-for-11 shooting, while grabbing five boards. NOT: Jamal Crawford  scored 17 points tonight for the Blazers, but took 17 shots to get those points. GOOD MOVE:  Coach  Keith Smart  sent double teams and traps at Aldridge the entire second half, slowing the big man down. Aldridge finished the game with 28 points, but only scored nine after the intermission. NOTABLE:  Salmons came into tonight's match-up against the Blazers averaging just seven points a game through the Kings first 21 contests. Tonight, he set a season high with19 points on 8-for-14 shooting and played spirited defense against the high-flying  Gerald Wallace . NOTABLE II:  After playing in all 21 games this season and starting the last three for the Kings, rookie  Jimmer Fredette  received his first DNP-CD of his career tonight. UP NEXT:  For the Blazers, Saturday vs. Denver, Monday vs. Oklahoma City, Wednesday vs. Houston. For the Kings, Saturday vs. Golden State, Monday @ Hornets, Tuesday @ Timberwolves.  