  Warriors-Nuggets notebook   By Michael Kelly, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday April 12, 2011 1:35AM THE FACTS: J.R. Smith  had 22 points and the shorthanded Denver Nuggets surged in the second half to beat the Golden State Warriors 134-111 on Monday to clinch the No. 5 seed in the Western Conference playoffs. Nine players finished in double figures for the Nuggets while the Warriors were led by  Stephen Curry  and  Dorell Wright , who had 27 each. QUOTABLE:  "All that's been going on all year, injuries, trades, whatever you want to name, we've been through it. For the new guys to lock in, 50 wins is always good. It's a hell of a season. We let some slip, could've been better, but we'll take it."   --  Nuggets forward  Kenyon Martin. THE STAT:  The nine players in double figures marked the first time in 24 years they've accomplished the feat. They are 7-0 this year when they have eight or more players score in double figures. TURNING POINT:  Down 76-73, Smith hit two 3-pointers, Martin and  Chris Andersen  had two dunks each to spark a 19-5 run that gave Denver control of the game heading into the fourth. QUOTABLE II:  "It was just a matter of withstanding the run we knew they were going to have and it turned out to be a bigger run than we expected. We got out of the game a little in the third quarter. J.R. Smith came out and hit some big shots for them, spread the floor and everybody started to get that momentum."   --  Curry. HOT:  Take your pick. Smith had 17 points in the third quarter and led the charge when the game was in the balance; Andersen returned from a five-game layoff to post a double-double (14 points, 12 rebounds) to go with four blocks; and  Raymond Felton  came off the bench to notch a double-double with 15 points and 10 assists. NOT:  The Nuggets' health heading into the postseason.  Arron Afflalo  lasted just 17 minutes before aggravating his left hamstring that forced him to miss 12 of the previous 16 games, and Nene suffered a left adductor strain in the first half. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Wright continues to have a strong season for Golden State. He has started all 81 games and gave the Warriors some strong offense Monday with  Monta Ellis  out. GOOD MOVE:  With the frontline thin, Denver coach  George Karl  turned to little-used  Kosta Koufas , who turned in a stellar second half, tying his career high with 18 points and adding nine rebounds. BAD MOVE:  Not much the Warriors could do considering they were missing their best player and they were making the dreaded time-zone change on the second game of back-to-backs. ROOKIE WATCH:  Nuggets guard  Gary Forbes  had 15 points in his 10th start for the injury-depleted Nuggets. QUOTABLE III:  "It's been a damn good year and hopefully it will be extended for some more good times."   --  Karl, on the team heading into the playoffs after a tumultuous regular season that was marked by a blockbuster trade and injuries. NOTABLE:  The Nuggets reached the 50-win mark for the fourth straight season. Previous to that the franchise had a total of three 50-win seasons in its NBA history. UP NEXT:  For the Warriors, Wednesday vs. Portland. For the Nuggets, Wednesday @ Utah.  