  Notebook: Cavs 118, Rockets 107 Posted Monday March 12, 2012 12:43AM By Brian Dulik, for NBA.com     THE FACTS:  Power forward  Antawn Jamison  scored 28 points and point guard  Kyrie Irving  had 21 points and five assists, leading the Cleveland Cavaliers to a 118-107 come-from-behind win over the Houston Rockets. The victory was Cleveland's third in a row and snapped its season-long, four-game home losing streak. Power forward  Luis Scola  collected a season-high 30 points and eight rebounds for Houston, while point guard  Goran Dragic  had 20 points and a game-best eight assists. The Rockets, who played without starting point guard  Kyle Lowry , have lost six of their last seven contests. QUOTABLE:  "This was fun to be a part of because our guys, we like winning, man. Our job is to come off the bench and provide energy, so the starters can get a break. And when it comes to the fourth quarter, I'm like, 'Here comes the Kyrie Show.' He's an unbelievable talent."   -- Cavaliers power forward  Samardo Samuels THE STAT:  Irving exploded for 16 points in the final 4:14, including 9-for-9 free throws, to complete Cleveland's rally from an eight-point, second-half deficit. The top overall pick in the NBA Draft also grabbed a team-high six rebounds in 29 minutes -- fueling the Cavaliers' highest-scoring performance since March 4, 2011. "You have to pay attention to the standings," said Irving, who had five points on 2-for-22 shooting in his first 25 minutes. "I'm aware we're now a game out of the eighth (and final Eastern Conference playoff) spot. That's what you play for." TURNING POINT:  Cavaliers small forward  Alonzo Gee  drilled a 20-footer as time expired in the third quarter, cutting Houston's lead to 84-81 -- and starting a 39-23 game-ending run. Just 3:02 earlier, the Rockets had taken their biggest lead of the evening at 80-72 when small forward  Chase Budinger  made a 3-pointer. "I thought we had a great stretch going, but Gee made a shot at the end of the third and they came out and made a run on us," Houston coach  Kevin McHale  said. "The start of the fourth quarter doomed us and we never could get our momentum back." QUOTABLE II:  "You're not going to win any game if you allow 118 points. This is a bad part of the year for us. We're struggling. We're not playing the right way. We don't have confidence and things aren't working out our way."   -- Scola HOT:  The Cavaliers have won three straight games for the first time since Nov. 4-9, 2010 after upsetting Denver, Oklahoma City and Houston. They also pulled within one game of the eighth-place New York Knicks in the East standings. "Last week, everyone was saying, 'We're done, we've got no chance (at the playoffs). Let's get ready for next year and start looking at the draft,'" Cleveland coach  Byron Scott  said. "I said, 'If we win three or four straight, we're right back in it.' Now, we've got a golden opportunity." ... Rockets center  Samuel Dalembert  had four blocked shots in the third quarter and finished with 15 points, a game-high 10 rebounds and five rejections. ... Dragic was 4-for-5 on 3-pointers and 7-for-11 overall while filling in for Lowry. ... Scola, who scored 14 points in the first period, wound up 15-for-25 from the field. NOT:  Rockets shooting guard  Kevin Martin  suffered a strained shoulder, limiting him to 16 minutes. The Zanesville, Ohio native had three points on 1-for-6 shooting. ... Houston center  Jordan Hill  fired up four bricks and committed four fouls in seven minutes off the bench. ... Rockets center  Hasheem Thabeet  was in uniform, but did not play for the 16th time this season. He also has been a healthy inactive on 16 occasions in Houston's 42 games. ... Rockets swingman  Terrence Williams  (stomach flu) did not dress, while center  Greg Smith  (bruised tailbone) was active, but logged a "Did Not Play -- Coach's Decision." ... Lowry missed his second straight contest and remains in a New York City hospital with abdominal distress and a fever. There is no timetable set for his return to the team. QUOTABLE III:  "Kyrie didn't have one of his better games, but when I took him out (for a rest), I told him, 'It's gonna come, just keep playing.' Not having his best stuff and still being able to produce like he produced tonight was great."   -- Scott GOOD MOVE:  The Cavaliers allowed the second 10-day contract of shooting guard  Manny Harris  to expire following the game, giving them roster flexibility as the Thursday trade deadline approaches. The Michigan product, who spent the entire 2011-2012 season with Cleveland, said he agreed with their logic. "I understand this is a business and what they did was smart," Harris said. "Now, I'm going to wait around until after the trade deadline and see what happens. If I don't get picked up by another team, I'll go back to Canton (in the NBA D-League)." BAD MOVE:  Rockets power forward  Chandler Parsons  accidentally plowed into official  Mark Lindsay  while attempting to hurry back on defense in the third quarter. They shared a laugh and a fist-bump after the collision, which allowed Gee to score a fast-break layup. ... Scott admitted that he was afraid the Cavaliers might trade backup point guard  Ramon Sessions  this week. "When I think about the future and Sess not being here, I go, 'Damn, I have no idea what we're gonna do.'" the veteran coach said. "He's played terrific basketball for us." NOTABLE:  Irving's main competitor for the NBA Rookie of the Year award, Timberwolves point guard  Ricky Rubio , suffered a season-ending left knee injury Friday. "It's never something you want to see happen, especially to such a great player," said Irving, who leads all first-year players with an 18.4 scoring average. "He brought life back to Minnesota. I'm used to checking his stats every single night, seeing how many points and assists he had. It's tragic." Rubio ranks first among rookies in assists (8.2), steals (2.22) and minutes (34.2), while sitting fifth in scoring (10.6). ... Cavaliers mascot  Moondog  spent Saturday night at The Palace of Auburn Hills, entertaining fans at the Pistons/Raptors game, but was back at Quicken Loans Arena in time for the opening tip. UP NEXT:  For the Rockets, Tuesday @ Oklahoma City, Wednesday vs. Charlotte, Saturday @ L.A. Clippers. For the Cavaliers, Tuesday vs. Toronto, Wednesday @ Milwaukee, Sunday vs. Atlanta.  