Notebook: Timberwolves 112, Jazz 97 
 
 
 Andrew Aragon, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Jan 22, 2014 12:31 AM - Updated Wed Jan 22, 2014 12:31 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  Minnesota snapped a seven-game losing streak in Utah, winning in Salt Lake City for the first time since December 2009.  
 
 THE LEAD:  It wasn't supposed to be this easy, this close to a previous blowout victory.  
    But the Minnesota Timberwolves, who pose matchup problems all over the floor for Utah, surely made it look that way and they rolled past the Jazz 112-97 on Tuesday night. It was a rematch of a game in Minnesota on Saturday night that the Timberwolves won 98-72. 
 
 Kevin Love  paced the Timberwolves with 19 points, 13 rebounds and eight assists.  Corey Brewer  also had 19 points,  Nikola Pekovic  added 18 points and nine rebounds, and  Kevin Martin  had 18 points before leaving the game in the third quarter with a cut on his right pinky finger.   
 
 Ricky Rubio  had 11 points to go along with 13 assists for Minnesota.  
     For the Jazz,  Gordon Hayward  returned from a five-game absence due to a strained hip flexor. He probably didn't expect to have to carry Utah in his first game back, but he did with 27 points, five rebounds and five assists.  Alec Burks , who had been starting in Hayward's place, came off the bench to score 18 points.  
    Utah was without starting center  Derrick Favors , who has a right adductor injury.   
 
 QUOTABLE:  "If you look at some of the players they've had here, they've had some pretty good players. To come in here and play better and shoot better tonight and get a win after a long time feels good."  
 -- Kevin Love on his team finally winning in Utah 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Timberwolves were much more aggressive in getting to the basket and drawing fouls. They attempted twice as many free throws (24-12) as Utah, and knocked down 22 of them (91.7 percent).  
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Timberwolves took control of the game before Jazz fans could settle into their seats with their popcorn and ice cream. Minnesota went ahead 19-6 after a 17-2 run and led by double digits the rest of the way. Martin started the spurt with back-to-back 3-pointers, and Pekovic capped it with a hook shot. The Jazz, meanwhile, didn't make a basket for more than six minutes in the first quarter, missing nine straight shots. 
 
 HOT:  Two of Minnesota's most efficient players were Brewer and  J.J. Barea . Brewer scored the most points he's had in a game since Nov. 23, and shot a solid 7-for-11. Barea came off the bench, shot 6-for-11 and scored 15 points.  
 
 NOT:   Enes Kanter  started in place of Favors, and he did not seize the opportunity. Kanter looked severely overmatched against Pekovic and Love inside, and struggled on both ends. He shot 2-for-8 and had four points and six rebounds in 21 minutes. The Jazz, unremarkably, fell to 1-18 in games that Kanter has started this season.  
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  During a timeout in the third quarter, the Jazz Bear walked a young female fan onto the court. As workers took extra time cleaning the court after Martin spilled blood on it, Rubio exchanged a couple bounce passes with the young child. It was a classy move.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "Those two guys [Love and Pekovic], we knew we had an advantage with them inside. I think we had a nice balance of looking at those two guys, plus getting some open looks for the other guys."  
 -- Minnesota coach  Rick Adelman  on how Love and Pekovic dominated in the paint 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Love has struggled with his shot in Utah. Going into Tuesday's game he had shot just 38.2 percent in nine career games in Salt Lake City. But he took a different approach this time, being more patient on offense and waiting for quality looks. His 3-point range was still off (1-for-6), but he shot a respectable 46.7 percent overall by not forcing anything.  
 
 BAD MOVE:  Adelman said in pregame that the Jazz would play with a lot more energy than they did on Saturday "and come after" his Timberwolves. That didn't happen. Utah was lethargic early on, and the only things it did better than Minnesota were foul and miss shots. The Jazz got in the penalty less than eight minutes into the contest, and missed 10 of their first 13 shot attempts.  
 
 NOTABLE:  Love grabbed his 4,000th career rebound in the first quarter. He leads the NBA in double-doubles with 35. Minnesota guard  Alexey Shved  suffered a fractured nose in the first quarter and did not return. Jazz rookie  Rudy Gobert  had career highs in blocked shots (three) and minutes played (27). 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Timberwolves, Friday @ Golden State, Saturday @ Portland, Monday @ Chicago. For the Jazz, Saturday vs. Washington, Monday vs. Sacramento, Jan. 31 vs. Golden State. 
