  Notebook: Lakers 97, Warriors 90   By Dan Arritt, for NBA.com Posted Saturday January 7, 2012 2:16AM THE FACTS:  If the torn ligament in the right wrist of  Kobe Bryant  is causing any limitations, he has learned to hide it well. Bryant scored 39 points Friday night and contributed seven assists against the visiting Warriors, leading to a 97-90 victory at Staples Center. QUOTABLE:  "We went through stretches where we couldn't score and he carried us. That's what great ones do."  --  Lakers coach  Mike Brown  on Bryant. THE STAT:  Bryant came into the game third in the league in scoring at 26.4 points, averaging a league-leading 22.5 shots a game. He finished 13-for-28 against Golden State, the third time in the last four games he has taken at least 28 shots. In the final 21 games last season, including the playoffs, he took 28 shots or more only once. Bryant averaged 25.2 points last season on 20 shots a game. TURNING POINT:  The Lakers were staring at a 46-39 deficit after Golden State forward  Dorell Wright  hit a 3-pointer with 9:29 left in the third quarter but the Lakers answered with a 14-2 run to take the lead for good. After trading baskets over the next couple minutes, the Lakers scored the last eight points of the quarter to take a 67-58 advantage into the fourth. Bryant scored 17 points over the final 9:11 of the third quarter. HOT:  Lakers small forward  Matt Barnes  shot 7-for-9 from the floor and scored 16 points, his highest-scoring output since netting 24 in a 17-point victory against Minnesota on Nov. 19, 2010. Barnes had 12 points and six assists in the second half before sustaining a stinger and sitting out the last five minutes with a bag of ice wrapped to his right shoulder. NOT:  Warriors guard  Monta Ellis  continues to struggle with an inconsistent release this season. He scored a team-high 18 points but shot 8-for-20 from the floor. Coming into the game, Ellis was a 46.8 percent shooter from the field in his career, but just 43.3 this season. It was just four seasons back that he shot 53.1 from the floor, taking an average of six less shots a game. Ellis also missed three of five free-throw attempts, part of a 10-for-19 effort from the line for the Warriors.  David Lee  did his part with seven turnovers for Golden State. GOOD MOVE:  In an otherwise ugly game, Bryant earned his usual style points. His long 3-pointer with  Dominic McGuire  in his face at the third-quarter buzzer brought the sold-out Staples Center crowd to its feet. BAD MOVE:  Golden State center  Kwame Brown , who started in place of  Andris Biedrins  (ankle), was awarded two free throws late in the first half. He missed the first and then missed the second, but was given another attempt after a lane violation by the Lakers and missed that too. However, he was awarded another opportunity when the Lakers committed a second straight lane violation. You guessed it: He missed that one too. QUOTABLE II:  "He's playing great, very aggressive, carrying that team offensively and he's their lone playmaker."  --  Warriors coach  Mark Jackson  on Bryant. NOTABLE:  Warriors rookie shooting guard  Klay Thompson  scored a season-high 14 points off the bench on 6-for-8 shooting. He father, former Lakers forward  Mychal Thompson , is an analyst for the Lakers' radio broadcast team ... Golden State guard  Nate Robinson , who was signed as a free agent Wednesday, made his debut a little more than six minutes into the game. He ended up playing 32 minutes off the bench, totaling nine points and four assists ... Warriors guard  Stephen Curry  sat out with a sprained right ankle sustained Wednesday against San Antonio ... Lakers forward  Josh McRoberts  missed his third straight game with a sprained left big toe. The Lakers offer a promotion in which fans receive two free tacos from a fast-food restaurant if they win and hold the opponent under 100 points. They've accomplished that feat in all five home victories this season. UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Sunday vs. Memphis, Tuesday vs. Phoenix, Wednesday @ Utah. For the Warriors, Saturday vs. Utah, Tuesday vs. Miami, Thursday vs. Orlando.  