  Notebook: Sixers 105, Warriors 83 Posted Friday March 2, 2012 11:18PM By Andy Jasner, for NBA.com THE FACTS:   Lou Williams  was a major spark off the bench with 25 points as the Philadelphia 76ers snapped a maddening four-game home losing streak with a 105-83 victory over the Golden State Warriors Friday night at the Wells Fargo Center.  Thaddeus Young  scored 16 points while  Elton Brand  scored 14 points and grabbed 14 rebounds for the Sixers, who had six players reach double figures. The Sixers improved to 22-15 and remained in first place in the Atlantic Division. David Lee  led the Warriors with 24 points and 15 rebounds.  Monta Ellis  contributed 20 points and  Dorell Wright  had 10. The Warriors (14-19) had won three of four heading into this game. QUOTABLE:  "It was imperative that we had to have this win. It's midway through the season so it's hard to say it was a must win. But it was a must win."  --  Brand. THE STAT:  Two nights ago, the Sixers were outrebounded 56-39 by Oklahoma City. This time, the Sixers reversed the trend and outrebounded the Warriors 51-39. TURNING POINT:  The Sixers ripped off a 10-2 run to start the fourth quarter, extending a 75-65 lead to 85-67 with 8:20 remaining. It was enough of a cushion to propel the Sixers to a much-needed home victory. HOT:  Williams knocked down nine of his 15 shots, including 3-for-6 from 3-point territory. He scored 15 of his 25 points in the fourth, the eighth time he has scored 10 or more in the final quarter. Williams entered the game with the third-highest point total of any player in the fourth this season, trailing only  Kobe Bryant  and  Kevin Durant. NOT: Brandon Rush  entered the game 46 of 90 on 3-pointers, a scorching 51 percent. But the Sixers did an admirable job defending the perimeter and limited him to 1-for-6 and 2-for-9 overall from the field. QUOTABLE II:  "I thought we wore them down."  --  Sixers head coach  Doug Collins . FANTASY SPOTLIGHT: Andre Iguodala  played a solid all-around game with 12 points, 11 rebounds and six assists. He was a stabilizing force on this particular night when the Sixers needed it. INSIDE THE ARENA:  There was a noticeable buzz all night inside the Wells Fargo Center on the 50th anniversary of  Wilt Chamberlain's  dazzling 100-point game. There were tributes throughout the night and the fans showed their appreciation. Flyers left wing  Scott Hartnell  attended the game and received a nice ovation. QUOTABLE III:  "They got whatever they wanted. We didn't come out of the locker room (at halftime) with the right mindset and they took control of the basketball game."  --  Warriors head coach  Mark Jackson . GOOD MOVE: Evan Turner  played the point for a big stretch to open the fourth quarter, allowing Holiday and Williams to play off the ball. The maneuver worked as the Sixers went on a 10-2 run to break the game open. BAD MOVE:  The Warriors settled for too many jump shots. Lee was tough to handle in the low post, but they went away from him too much in the second half. ROOKIE WATCH:  Warriors guard  Klay Thompson  had nine points and four rebounds while guard  Charles Jenkins  was scoreless in just over two minutes. For the Sixers,  Lavoy Allen  started and had 10 points and seven rebounds. Forward  Nikola Vucevic  added four points and three rebounds. NOTABLE:  Brand registered his second consecutive double-double. ... Warriors guard  Stephen Curry  sat out with a tendon strain in his right foot. It was the 11th game Curry has missed this season because of injury. He's third on the team in scoring at 15.7 points per game. ... The Sixers scored more than 100 points, snapping a streak of 19 straight games of falling below that mark. It had been the longest drought since the 2003-04 season. NEXT:  For the Warriors, Sunday @ Toronto, Monday @ Washington, Wednesday vs. Memphis. For the Sixers, Sunday vs. Chicago, Monday @ Milwaukee, Wednesday vs. Boston.  