Notebook: Hawks 83, Rockets 80 
 
 
 Matt Winkeljohn, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Jan 10, 2014 11:42 PM - Updated Sat Jan 11, 2014 12:01 AM 
 
 THE FACT: Paul Millsap  and  Kyle Korver  scored 20 points each, and the Hawks overcame an 11-0 deficit by out-running the short-handed Rockets Friday for an 83-80 win to snap Houston's six-game winning streak against host Atlanta.  
 
 THE LEAD : The Hawks (20-17) were dreadful at the start, scoring just 10 points on 5-for-22 shooting on the way to an 18-10 deficit after a first quarter in which no Atlanta starter scored a point. 
 Were it not for Hawks reserve forward  Mike Scott  scoring eight of his 14 points in the first period, Atlanta might have fallen off the grid for good.  
 Yet the Hawks gradually caught up to and passed the flat-footed Rockets with a fastbreak that Houston couldn't handle. 
 Atlanta won the fastbreak count 20-8, and the Hawks' tempo over the second and third quarters helped create a 55-42 scoring edge in that time that Houston (23-14) couldn't match. 
 Millsap scored all over his points in the final three quarters, and Korver scored 15 in the second half -- when he drained three of his four made 3-pointers -- as the Hawks methodically rallied and passed the Rockets. 
 
 James Harden  scored 25 for Houston, but after scoring 37 or more in three straight previous games that was actually an off night.  Dwight Howard  added 15 points and 11 rebounds in his hometown. 
 Houston was without starting forward  Chandler Parsons  (right knee) and backup center  Omer Asik  (right thigh/knee). 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We started out slow and then Mike [Scott] came into the game and it was fortuitous . . . he was just really committed to running the court. I think we beat them in transition a couple times, and got a couple easy baskets. We got a little bit of confidence going off Mike's running." --  Hawks coach  Mike Budenholzer 
 
 
 THE STAT : 14-11-8 -- The Hawks' subs outscored the Rockets by a modest 27-23 count, but Atlanta reserves overall made the difference. In addition to Scott's 14 points, center/forward  Elton Brand  had 11 rebounds and three blocked shots off the bench and guard  Louis Williams  had six points and a game-high eight assists.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  When Millsap picked up his second foul with 6:49 left in the first period, Atlanta trailed 11-0. Enter Scott. He scored next on a 10-foot hook shot for the Hawks' first points and shot 4-for-5 in the period to keep Atlanta in the game. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I just took the seal off the basket. Shots weren't falling. We just couldn't buy one. I had to come in with a lot of energy and fire things up." --  Scott 
 
 
 HOT : While stretching his NBA-record streak to 106 straight games making at least one 3-pointer, Korver shot 4-for-7 from distance and is 7-for-12 in the past two games from beyond the arc. . . . Houston reserve point guard  Aaron Brooks  shot 3-for-5 on 3-pointers for the second consecutive game.  
 
 NOT:  Atlanta starters were a combined 0-for-13 in the first quarter. . . . Hawks point guard  Jeff Teague  made 1-for-6 3-pointers. He's 2-for-22 in the past six games. He's 12-for-41 overall from the field over the past three games.  . . . With five turnovers, Harden has 16 in the past four games.  
 
 QUOTABLE III : "When we shoot long shots and they get rebounds, it gives them an opportunity to run and that's where they capitalized tonight . . . getting out and running. [Scott] came out in the first half and had 12 points off the bench just by running." --  Howard 
 
 
 IN THE ARENA:  Hall of Famer  Julius Erving  was at the game... Actor-comedian  Chris Tucker , and musician  2   Chainz  were also present.  
 
 NOTABLE:  Houston starter Parsons missed his second straight game with a sore right knee. .He was replaced by  Ronnie Brewer , who went scoreless in 25:04. . . . The Hawks are expected to sign forward  James Nunnally  of the De-League's Bakersfield Jam to a 10-day contract.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Rockets, Saturday @ Washington, Monday @ Boston, Wednesday @ New Orleans. For the Hawks, Sunday @ Memphis, Thursday vs. Brooklyn in London, Jan. 20 vs. Miami. 
