Notebook: Clippers 102, Knicks 88 
 
 
 Adam Zagoria, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Feb 10, 2013 4:04 PM - Updated Sun Feb 10, 2013 4:25 PM 
 
 THE FACTS: Chris Paul  went for 25 points and seven assists and former Knick  Jamal Crawford  scored 18 of his 27 points in the second half as the Los Angeles Clippers beat the Knicks, 102-88, in a high-profile showdown at Madison Square Garden. 
 
 Blake Griffin  added 17 points and 12 rebounds and  Eric Bledsoe  tallied 13 points on 6-of-6 shooting as the Clippers improved to 36-17. 
 
 Carmelo Anthony  went for 42 points -- three shy of his season-high -- and eight rebounds for the Knicks (32-17), who entered having won seven of nine. 
 
 Raymond Felton  finished with 20 points and five assists despite briefly leaving the game in the third period with a neck injury and then returning. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "It's really big for us because we were 2-4 [on the road trip] coming into this so we said we wanted to try and at least finish up 4-4 on this road trip. So it's a big win and now we gotta go to Philly." 
  -- Paul, speaking on ABC. 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Clippers' bench outscored the Knicks' bench, 48-15. In the first half, the L.A. reserves outscored the Knicks reserves, 19-7. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Knicks led 73-71 after a 3-pointer by Anthony and a 3-point play by  Amar'e Stoudemire , but the Clippers rattled of a 7-0 run, including five points by Bledsoe, to go ahead 78-73 early in the fourth. The Clippers outscored the Knicks, 31-18, in the fourth period. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "Just feeling a little bit better. Got a little more more aggressive tonight. Guys made shots.This was a total team win." 
  -- Paul on his second game back from a kneecap injury after a poor performance Friday at Miami 
 
 
 WHO'S HOT:  After scoring 36 points in Friday's win at Minnesota, Anthony followed that with an 14-of-26 shooting performance in this game. He also went a perfect 9-of-9 from the line. Anthony entered as the NBA's second-leading scorer at 28.7 points per game. But in the fourth quarter with  Grant Hill  guarding him, he was limited to four points on 1-of-2 shooting.  
 
 WHO'S NOT:   J.R. Smith , who is competing with Crawford for Sixth Man of the Year honors, managed just six points on 1-of-9 shooting. Iman Shumpert, the subject of trade rumors, also went 1-of-4 for two points. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "Their bench has been good for them this year. Our bench has been quite good for us. That was the difference...I thought that was the difference in the game." 
 -- Knicks coach  Mike Woodson 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  Woodson says he has addressed the trade rumors with Shumpert and the second-year guard isn't going anywhere. 
 "That's kind of out of my hands," Woodson said before the Knicks faced the Clippers at MSG. "If owners came to me and said we have to do a deal, you do the deal. But I sat [Shumpert] down and I told him. He knows how I feel about him." Woodson said his daugthers, Alexis and Mariah, were concerned about reports that Shumpert had been discussed in a potential deal to the Phoenix Suns for  Jared Dudley . "My daughter jumped me last night about that trade rumor," Woodson said. "She called me and said, 'Daddy, you're not trading him' because they all went to Georgia Tech together. Man, I'm like, 'Iman's gonna be right here with me.'" 
 
 NOTABLE II:   Caron Butler l eft the game for the Clippers in the third quarter with a sore lower back. He finished with three points in 11 minutes. 
 
 NOTABLE III:  Felton left the late in the third quarter after injuring his neck on a collision with Stoudemire and  Lamar Odom . He returned and finished with 14 points, five assists and two rebounds. 
 
 NOTABLE IV:  The Clippers' Hill   and the Knicks'  Jason Kidd  were Co-Rookies of the Year in 1994-95. 
 
 QUOTABLE IV:  "That's one of the best teams in the West and we gotta get better, without a doubt." --  Woodson 
 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:   Tom Hanks ,  Olivia Wilde  and  Rex Ryan  sat courtside. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Wednesday vs. Toronto, Feb. 20 @ Indiana, Feb. 22 @ Toronto. For the Clippers, Monday @ Philadelphia, Wednesday vs. Houston, Thursday @ Lakers. 
