  Nuggets-Lakers notebook   By Bryan Chu, for NBA.com Posted Sunday April 3, 2011 8:34PM THE FACTS:  Nuggets coach  George Karl  was lauding the Lakers before the game. Afterward, when Karl plopped down on a foldup chair outside the locker room to address the media, one word he said summed up what the victory meant. "Wow." As one of the hottest teams since the trade deadline, the Nuggets made a big splash, halting the Lakers nine-game winning streak with a 95-90 victory Sunday at Staples Center. The victory, which now makes them 15-4 since trading superstar  Carmelo Anthony  to the Knicks, also helped the Nuggets (47-29) clinch a postseason berth. They currently sit in the fifth spot. In the win, which also snapped the Lakers' 10-game home winning streak,  Danilo Gallinari  scored a team-high 22 points.  Kenyon Martin  added 18, including a key tip-in in the final seconds of the game. For the Lakers (55-21), the window of opportunity to grab the top seed in the Western Conference dwindled significantly. With a win against the Suns, the Spurs now hold a 2.5-game lead over the Lakers, who have six games remaining, including an April 12 showdown against the Spurs. There is also a huge question mark that looms over the health of the Lakers big men.  Pau Gasol  tweaked his right knee following a hard foul by  Nene  in the third quarter. Gasol, who said there was no initial ligament damage when trainers scoped his knee during the game, will have a precautionary MRI Monday.  Andrew Bynum , who had eight points and a game-high 16 rebounds, also came up a bit limp in the fourth quarter when  Lamar Odom  crashed into his surgical repaired right knee. Bynum didn't play the final 7:15 of the game and told the media afterward that he's OK. In the loss,  Kobe Bryant  scored a game-high 28 points. Gasol added 16 points and 12 rebounds. Before the game, Karl said the Lakers looked different than past Laker teams. "I didn't see this, man," Karl said. "They've been incredibly good. The thing I see is the defensive commitment maybe is as good as it's ever been. It seems like they have an attitude about stopping people." The Lakers couldn't get anything going all game and couldn't seem to make the key defensive stops they needed to late in the game. They were outscored by 12 points in the second half after outscoring their two previous opponents by an average of 16 points. Los Angeles led 83-82 with 4:40 to go, but Denver scored nine unanswered. The Lakers, however, made it a game late. Los Angeles scored four straight and trailed 91-87. With 20.9 seconds left, Odom drilled a 3-pointer from the left wing to trim the deficit to 92-90 with 15 seconds left in the game. Nene, who finished with 12 points, was fouled and made the first free throw, but missed the second. On the miss, Martin was there for the putback. Odom was pinned under the basket on the defensive rebound attempt. QUOTABLE:  "It's a big win...you hear Lakers, you hear Dallas, certain teams. But you have to talk about the Nuggets too."  --  Nuggets guard  Raymond Felton  on the victory. QUOTABLE II:  "It helps us a lot as a young team. It helps us build confidence and trust each other and it helps us be grounded when the game is tight at the end."  --  Nuggets guard  Wilson Chandler  told NBA.com of what this win does for the team. THE STAT:  9:17 -- The time in the third quarter when nearly every Laker fan gasped in unison. Gasol had his right leg trapped under him and he grabbed his knee in pain. QUOTABLE III:  "It's sore, but they allowed me to play so hopefully it will be nothing...there's some swelling in there...I jammed my knee pretty good."  --  Gasol on his right knee. TURNING POINT:  After Gasol headed to the locker room for his knee, the Nuggets used a big third quarter from their bigs, Martin and Nene, to get back into the game. Martin and Nene each scored eight points as the Nuggets outscored the Lakers 29-22 to tie the game at 69-69 heading into the final quarter. From that point on, the Lakers didn't seem the same. HOT:  After missing all six of his shots and not scoring in the first half, Felton came up huge in the second half. Felton was 6-for-9 shooting and finished with 16 points including three 3-pointers. NOT:  Odom, who finished the game with 17 points on 17 shots, had another rough last-second outing. After Nene hit the first of two free throws to give the Nuggets a 93-90 lead with 11.3 seconds left, his second free throw went in and out. Odom did not box out Martin, who slipped in and got the tip-in. This isn't the first time that has happened to Odom this season. Against the Spurs, Odom didn't box out  Antonio McDyess , who had the game-winning buzzer beating tip-in on Feb 3. QUOTABLE IV:  "We had a chance to get back in the game. Ron [Artest] and I have been playing basketball all of our life; we didn't communicate on that (boxout play). We're supposed to squeeze (Martin)...I was so mad at myself because the same thing happened against San Antonio, and we lost the game like that."  --  Odom on the final basket by the Nuggets that put them up five with 11 seconds to go . QUOTABLE V:  "(Martin) beat me with the same tip-in in a playoff game when I was in Milwaukee. He did the exact same thing, he pinned  Anthony Mason  underneath the basket in a free throw situation...I don't know if we would win the game without it, but it sure made (the game) a lot more comfortable."  --  Karl on the final basket by Martin.   FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Bryant hasn't been on his best shooting behavior of late as fantasy postseason play is in full swing. Bryant scored 28 points, but he was 10-for-27 from the field. In his previous two games, Bryant was 6-for-14 shooting and 8-for-21. NOTABLE:  Lakers forward  Matt Barnes  served his one-game suspension against the Jazz Friday. Barnes was suspended for escalating an on-court altercation and actions following his ejection against the Mavericks Thursday. Barnes played 17 minutes and scored five points. ... Former Lakers assistant  Tex Winter  and former Laker  Dennis Rodman  will be inducted into the Naismith Basketball Hall of Fame. "For the past 15 years there have been people telling me that Tex was going into the Hall of Fame," Lakers coach  Phil Jackson  said. "When Tex was verbally and cognizant of receiving this award, I would have been much happier. The fact now that he's had a stroke that has impaired his capabilities, it kind of irritates me a little bit that this wasn't done 10 years ago when he was still serving basketball at such a great capacity. Still in all, I'm happy that it's been awarded." As for The Worm? "Without a doubt (he is deserving)," Jackson said. "He is not only a famous basketball player -- sometimes it's a bigger criteria in the Hall of Fame -- but also he is a terrific basketball player. People here in LA probably don't remember how great he was because he had a short stint here, but this is a guy who  Michael Jordan  said in the 1997-98 season was the most valuable player the first five months of the season. He was that good...Dennis was superlative with that team." ... The Nuggets shot 43.9 percent from the field and made just 57.1 percent of their free throws. ... The Lakers weren't much better, completing 42.9 percent of their shots and 70 percent of their free throws. UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Tuesday vs. Utah, Wednesday @ Golden State, Friday @ Portland. For the Nuggets, Tuesday vs. Oklahoma City, Wednesday @ Dallas, Friday @ Oklahoma City.  