
 Pistons-Pacers notebook   By John Oehser, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday February 23, 2011 10:27PM THE FACTS:   Tyler Hansbrough  scored a game-high 21 points and  Brandon Rush  provided late-game dramatics -- and the winning points -- for the Indiana Pacers Wednesday. Rush, starting for injured  Mike Dunleavy , dunked in traffic with 5.4 seconds remaining to give the Pacers a 102-101 victory over the Detroit Pistons on Wednesday in front of 12,214 at Conseco Fieldhouse. The Pistons trailed by 16 points early in the second half, but  Greg Monroe  scored 14 of his game-high 27 points in the third and fourth quarters as the Pistons cut into the lead. Detroit got to within two early in the fourth period, but didn't lead until  Austin Daye 's 17-foot jump shot from the left side of the basket with 11.1 remaining. On the ensuing possession,  Danny Granger  found Rush driving in the lane, and his dunk gave Indiana a second consecutive victory out of the All-Star break. QUOTABLE:  "These two games [after the All-Star break] there will be an element of rust, but we got out of it 2-0."    -- Pacers interim coach  Frank Vogel THE STAT:  Granger is the Pacers' go-to player offensively, and on Wednesday he played like it when the Pacers needed it the most. He scored 17 of his 18 points in the second half, and not only did he find Rush in the lane late, his 3-point field goal with 2:53 remaining gave Indiana a 98-95 lead after Detroit had gained momentum. Ten of his points came in the fourth period. TURNING POINT:  In this one, the game didn't turn until the Pacers' final possession. The Pistons, after falling behind by 16 points, controlled the game's momentum after that, but when Detroit double-teamed Granger on Indiana's final possession, Rush got open enough in the lane to catch the pass cleanly and finish the play with a dunk. A turnover by  Rodney Stuckey  gave Indiana possession leading by the final margin with 1.0 remaining. QUOTABLE II : "This was huge. We're gaining confidence and learning how to win and close games out. We will be playing top teams and we have to make top plays to win these games.    -- Pacers forward  Josh McRoberts HOT:  Hard as it may have been to believe a month ago, the Pacers are hot. They lost 17 of their last 23 games under coach  Jim O'Brien , but since replacing O'Brien with interim Vogel, the Pacers have won nine of 12 games, with the only losses coming to the Heat in Miami and in overtime against Detroit in the game before the All-Star break. The run has moved Indiana into eighth place in the Eastern Conference. NOT:  The Pistons beat the Pacers in overtime heading into the All-Star break, but aside from that victory, they have lost 10 of 13 games. . . . The Pacers have shot 6 of 33 from 3-point range in the last two games. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Vogel has been consistent in his belief that McRoberts and Hansbrough should be productive, effective players at the power forward position. He has kept McRoberts in the starting lineup, but Hansbrough in essence has played as vital a role off the bench, and on Wednesday, it was Hansbrough who keyed the Pacers in the second quarter. He finished the half with 14 points, providing energy and second-chance points, and finished the game with 12 rebounds, including eight on the offensive end. Hansbrough's double-double was his third of the season. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Eight-time tennis grand slam champion  Jimmy Connors  attended the game. QUOTABLE III:  "It's very disappointing, especially when you give yourselves a chance to win the ballgame. The second half we came out with a lot more energy. Had we played that way for two halves, we probably would have won the game. We were one play away from winning the game."    -- Pistons forward  Tracy McGrady ROOKIE WATCH:  Pacers rookie  Paul George  continues to emerge as a solid presence in the lineup, scoring 10 points and finishing with five rebounds against Detroit. He had two alley-oop dunks in the fourth quarter as Indiana fought to hold the lead. NOTABLE:  Dunleavy missed the game and is out indefinitely after sustaining a broken right thumb against Washington Tuesday. Rush, little-used under Vogel, started in his place, with George staying on the second team to maintain the continuity of what has emerged as a productive Indiana backup unit. . . . Rookie point guard  Lance Stephenson  was active for Indiana Wednesday, and in Dunleavy's absence, he has moved into the third point guard role. . . . Indiana has won six of its last seven home games. . . . McGrady tied a season-high with 12 assists. UP NEXT:  For the Pistons, Friday @ Philadelphia, Saturday vs .Utah, Tuesday @ Milwaukee. For the Pacers, Friday vs. Utah, Sunday vs. Phoenix, Tuesday vs. Golden State. 
