  Celtics-Rockets notebook   By Matt Miller, for NBA.com Posted Friday March 18, 2011 11:59PM THE FACTS:  The Houston Rockets' playoff aspirations are not as delusional as they may have seemed hours ago. Kevin Martin  scored a game-high 25 points, and Houston crept closer toward catching the Memphis Grizzlies for eighth place in the Western Conference with a shocking 93-77 beatdown of the Boston Celtics on Friday at Toyota Center.  Kyle Lowry  added 20 points and nine assists for the Rockets (36-34), who have climbed to 1 1/2 games behind Memphis for the West's final playoff spot and two games above .500 for the first time this season. Jeff Green  led Boston with 17 points and two blocks.  Glen Davis  chipped in 16 points and seven rebounds for the Celtics (48-19), who remain one-half game behind the Chicago Bulls for first place in the Eastern Conference despite losing four of their last six games. Friday's matchup featured several tense moments, especially in the second quarter when two Celtics and one Rocket received technical fouls and another Boston player was whistled for a flagrant foul penalty one. The Celtics are known for their bullying style of play, but their aggressive approach simply fueled an already motivated Houston squad. QUOTABLE:  "We lost our composure. They got into ... all the talking and barking. [The Rockets] slowed down and played better, and we got so excited we started playing quicker and sloppier."   -- Celtics coach  Doc Rivers  on how each team reacted to the chippy activity. THE STAT:  Boston allowed 62 points in the first half, and when the Celtics allow more than 50 in the opening two quarters they lose. Friday's defeat dropped Boston to 0-5 this season when it allows at least 50 points before halftime. THE STAT II:  The Celtics' starters, who entered Friday averaging 70 points as a unit, were outscored by Houston's starting five 76-38. BAD MOVE:  Boston seemed more interested in a brawl than basketball during the closing moments of the second period.  Kevin Garnett  and  Chuck Hayes  exchanged words, leading to a double-technical foul. Seconds later,  Jordan Hill  shoved Glen Davis. Davis responded by running toward Hill in a defiant manner and received a tech for his actions. A couple possessions later,  Delonte West  was whistled for a flagrant foul penalty one on Hill. TURNING POINT:  The aforementioned confrontations ruined the Celtics' chances of overcoming an early double-digit deficit. Instead of letting their emotions overwhelm them, the Rockets sharpened their focus and ended the first half on a 13-3 run that stretched their lead to 62-40. QUOTABLE II:  "If they want to make it [physical], that's fine. We can play that way."   -- Chuck Hayes on the Celtics. QUOTABLE III:  "That's about as good as we can play on both ends of the court."   -- Houtson coach  Rick Adelman  on his team's first-half success. HOT:  Lowry helped keep the Rockets' offense flowing smoothly against one of the league's top defensive teams. Although his scoring total and hot shooting from long range (4-for-7 from 3-point range) were critical in getting Houston off to a fast start, his nine assists and on-the-court leadership were just as critical. NOT:   Paul Pierce  and  Rajon Rondo  generated little offense for Boston, combining for only 14 points on 4-for-21 (19.0 percent) shooting. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Hayes has been racking up a massive amount of points for his fantasy owners over the last three games. During this period, Hayes is averaging 13.7 points, 12 rebounds and 3.7 assists. Friday's stat line of 11 points, 11 rebounds, three assists and two steals illustrates the versatility Hayes can bring to an owner's fantasy lineup. ROOKIE WATCH:  The Rockets'  Patrick Patterson  gave Houston the activity it needed around the basket and set solid picks throughout the game. In the third start of his career, the rookie out of the University of Kentucky finished with 18 points, 12 rebounds and four blocks. INSIDE THE ARENA:  One of the greatest running backs to ever put on football pads,  Earl Campbell , sat courtside. ... Celtic green could be spotted throughout the arena, but the Boston fans' presence could not be felt once the Rockets opened up a huge lead. NOTABLE:  Adelman moved into a tie with legendary Celtics coach  Red Auerbach  for ninth all-time on the NBA regular-season coaching wins list. With 938 career victories, Adelman needs six more to catch  Bill Fitch  for eighth. NOTABLE II:  The home team won for the first time in seven meetings between these two clubs, with Houston halting a four-game losing streak against the Celtics at Toyota Center. ... Boston fell to 7-5 since trading Kendrick Perkins to the Oklahoma City Thunder. ... The Celtics lost for only the second time this season on the first night of a back-to-back. ... Houston has won its last 16 games when holding an opponent to less than 100 points, which stands as the longest active streak in the NBA. ... Houston improved to 22-4 when it allows less than 100 points. ... The Rockets have scored at least 60 points in a half 27 times this season. UP NEXT:  For the Celtics, Saturday @ New Orleans, Monday @ New York (NBA TV), Wednesday vs. Memphis. For the Rockets, Sunday vs. Utah, Wednesday vs. Golden State, March 27 @ Miami.  