Notebook: Spurs 104, Jazz 97 OT 
 
 
 Tim Price, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Mar 23, 2013 12:36 AM - Updated Sat Mar 23, 2013 12:36 AM 
 
 THE FACTS :  Tony Parker  returned from his eight-game absence because of an ankle injury, scoring 22 points to lead the San Antonio Spurs to a 104-97 overtime victory past the Utah Jazz on Friday at AT&T Center. 
 The Spurs (53-16) have won four in a row. It was the 900th career victory for coach  Gregg Popovich , who became the 12th coach to reach that plateau. 
 The game went to overtime when Utah's  Marvin Williams  followed a pump fake with a corner 3-pointer that went in as the regulation buzzer sounded.  Mo Williams  led the Jazz (34-35) with 23 points, yet Utah shot 2-for-8 in the extra period and lost for the 11th time in 14 games to fall further out of the final playoff spot in the West. 
 
 QUOTABLE : "[The return from injury] was tough. I didn't want to mess up the chemistry. We've been playing really good basketball at home. I had to kind of fit in. In the second half [Popovich] was calling plays for me and [wanting me] to be aggressive. It came natural."  
 -- Tony Parker 
 
 THE STAT : The Spurs shot 5-for-8 as a team in OT and made both 3-point attempts and both free throws. 
 
 TURNING POINT : Utah trailed by three when the Jazz got a defensive stop on  Al Jefferson 's block of  Tiago Splitter  with 2:17 to go. It still was anybody's ballgame, but the Jazz turned it over when a pass back to  Randy Foye  was low and Foye couldn't get a handle on it. The ball skittered away and Utah turned it over on a backcourt violation.  Kawhi Leonard  knocked down a 10-footer for the Spurs, who closed the game out by outscoring Utah 6-2 in the final two minutes.  
 
 QUOTABLE II : "We were playing a little out of desperation. We brought a lot of energy tonight. We just didn't make the plays down the stretch that we should have."  
 -- Utah forward  Gordon Hayward 
 
 
 HOT : For all but 17 seconds, the Spurs stuck with Leonard, Duncan, Splitter, Parker and  Manu Ginobili  during overtime. Leonard and Parker combined to go 4-for-4 from the floor. 
 
 NOT : It's been eight games since Ginobili has shot 50 percent from the floor. Tonight he went 2-for-9, missed his first seven shots and didn't hit a shot from the floor until 1:44 to go. In the past seven games he's 25-for-79 (32 percent). 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT : Duncan scored 19 points and had 16 rebounds in 37 minutes. Over the past four games Duncan is averaging 25.5 points and 15 rebounds. 
 
 GOOD MOVE : Popovich didn't baby Parker this week. Parker participated in all the Spurs practices and was game-ready once Popovich decided it would be a go for Parker to return. Parker responded with almost 37 minutes and was able to play the entire overtime period. 
 
 BAD MOVE : The Jazz appeared unable to get into their offensive sets during overtime. Williams took three shots in OT, and all of them were from 3-point territory. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH :  Nando De Colo  got most of the minutes available at backup point behind Parker. De Colo made one of his two shots from the floor and had three assists to one turnover in almost nine minutes of action. 
 
 NOTABLE : Duncan's 16 rebounds pushed him past  Shaquille O'Nea l and into 13th place all-time on the NBA career rebounding list. ... Only two other active NBA coaches have 900 wins,  Rick Adelman  and  George Karl . ... This is the first eight-game road losing streak for Utah in eight seasons (April 2005), and this season they have not won away from Salt Lake City since Feb. 13. 
 
 UP NEXT : For the Jazz, Sunday @ Dallas, Monday vs. Philadelphia, Wednesday vs. Phoenix. For the Spurs, Sunday @ Houston, Wednesday vs. Denver, Friday vs. Clippers. 
