Notebook: Pistons 100, Wizards 68 
 
 
 Dana Gauruder, For NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Dec 21, 2012 11:19 PM - Updated Fri Dec 21, 2012 11:19 PM 
 
 THE FACTS : Rookie  Andre Drummond  established career highs with 14 rebounds and five blocks and added 11 points as the Detroit Pistons ended a six-game losing streak with a 100-68 win over the shorthanded Washington Wizards at The Palace of Auburn Hills Friday night.  Greg Monroe  and  Brandon Knight  had 15 points apiece for Detroit (8-21) in the first game of a home-and-home series between the clubs. The rematch will be played in Washington Saturday night.  Jordan Crawford  led the Wizards (3-21), who have lost six straight, with 20 points, seven rebounds and seven assists. 
 
 QUOTABLE : "He's done a great job of coming in and playing with a lot of energy, doing what the coaches ask him to do. He controlled the boards and he controlled the paint. He's only going to get better, but I'm not surprised with anything he's doing right now. He's doing his job." 
 -- Greg Monroe on Drummond 
 
 THE STAT : 9. The Wizards were down to nine players due to six injuries, with the latest losses being second-leading scorer and rebounding leader  Nene  (sore foot) and rookie guard  Bradley Beal  (sore back). Both could return for the rematch Saturday. The Wizards have gone all season without star guard  John Wall  (knee), and were also missing forwards  Trevor Booker  (knee) and  Trevor Ariza  (calf) and guard  A.J. Price  (hand). That left Washington with only two players averaging double figures, Crawford and forward  Kevin Seraphin , and they scored a season low in points. 
 
 TURNING POINT : The Pistons took command with a 19-2 run spanning the first and second quarters, giving them a 21-point advantage. Knight and  Charlie Villanueva  each made 3-pointers during the run and Drummond took over early in the second with three consecutive inside baskets, all off feeds from  Rodney Stuckey . The Wizards were limited to a Crawford layup during that span. 
 
 QUOTABLE II : "We play the same team in less than 24 hours, so we've just got to take what we did tonight and move forward into tomorrow's game. We don't want to let the win get us too excited because we have another one tomorrow." 
 -- Andre Drummond on playing a back-to-backs against the Wizards 
 
 HOT : Monroe was coming off a career-high 35-point outburst against Toronto Wednesday. He tied for the team high in points on this night while grabbing nine rebounds and making three assists. He sat out the fourth quarter of the blowout to rest up for Saturday's rematch. 
 
 NOT : The only available players on the Wizards bench didn't do much to support their starters. They combined for 11 points on 5-for-24 shooting while playing 75 minutes.  Cartier Martin  took 11 shots and made just two as the Wizards reserves were outscored 48-11 by Detroit's bench.  
 
 ROOKIE WATCH : Drummond's previous highs were 13 rebounds and three blocks. He came into the game leading all qualifying rookies in blocks and tied for first with Charlotte's  Michael Kidd-Gilchrist  in rebounding despite averaging 18.5 minutes. Pistons guard  Kyle Singler  added 10 points and five rebounds.  
 NOTABLE: The Pistons have won nine of their last 10 at home against the Wizards. ... The last time Detroit held an opponent under 70 points was an 85-69 victory over Miami on March 27, 2008. ... Stuckey took an elbow in the mouth from Washington's  Seraphin  with 10:03 remaining and did not return. Ukranian center  Viacheslav Kravtsov  made his NBA debut by replacing Stuckey as the free throw shooter. He played six minutes and scored three points. ... Pistons reserve forward  Corey Maggette , their highest-paid player, was inactive. He recently lost his rotation spot to  Austin Daye . ... The Wizards, who ranked last in scoring (89.7 ppg) and offensive field-goal percentage (40.7 percent) entering the game, shot 32.9 percent from the field. ... Washington coach  Randy Wittman  has started 12 of the 15 players on his roster. 
 
 UP NEXT : For the Wizards, Saturday vs. Detroit, Wednesday vs. Cleveland, Friday vs. Orlando. For the Pistons, Saturday @ Washington, Wednesday @ Atlanta, Friday vs. Miami. 
