  Notebook: Rockets 103, Kings 89   By Matt Miller, for NBA.com Posted Friday January 13, 2012 11:38PM THE FACTS:   Samuel Dalembert  will not admit to holding any animosity toward the Sacramento Kings, the team that was closing in on re-signing the veteran center before the Houston Rockets scooped him up after Sacramento reportedly rescinded its offer. But judging by his performance against the Kings on Friday, Dalembert was looking for a little revenge. Dalembert was one of three Rockets to score more than 20 points, coupling season highs of 21 points and 16 rebounds with an impressive defensive performance against Sacramento's  DeMarcus Cousins  to lead Houston to a 103-89 victory over the Kings.  Kyle Lowry  poured in a team-high 25 points to go with nine assists and seven rebounds, while  Luis Scola  scored 21 and snatched 11 boards for the Rockets (4-7), who have won two of their last three games overall and three of four at Toyota Center. Tyreke Evans  paced the Kings (4-8) with a game-high 27 points on 11-for-22 shooting, but he received little help from his fellow starters -- especially Cousins, who was benched in the second half. QUOTABLE:  "He was possessed or something. He played like he always talks [about playing]. He really looked like the old Samuel Dalembert back in his 76er days."   -- Kyle Lowry on Dalembert's performance THE STAT:  After allowing Sacramento to go 7-for-7 on fast-break opportunities and score 15 points off nine turnovers in the first half, Houston turned the tide in its favor by holding the Kings to just 2-for-3 on the break and nine points off five turnovers after halftime. TURNING POINT:  The Kings appeared to be making a late charge, trimming an 87-72 deficit to 87-80 with 7:32 remaining in the game. But Lowry and  Kevin Martin  reclaimed the Rockets' momentum with back-to-back 3-pointers, and Sacramento never got closer than nine points the rest of the way. HOT:  Dalembert delivered, by far, his best performance of the season, finishing with 21 points on 9-for-11 shooting, 16 rebounds (seven offensive) and four blocks to record his first double-double of the season. Dalembert's play on the defensive end may have been the key to keeping Cousins from controlling the interior the way he had over his previous four games. NOT:  Cousins was frustrated all night when going against Dalembert, as he failed to make a shot until nearly midway through the third quarter. Cousins was limited to a season-low-tying four points on 1-for-7 shooting, spent most of the second half in foul trouble and struggled to keep an active Dalembert from outworking him for layups and rebounds. QUOTABLE II:  "My main goal was to try to control the paint. ... The key is not letting [Cousins] get comfortable. I didn't want him to start getting the ball and creating things for them."   -- Samuel Dalembert BAD MOVE:  Cousins spent the entire fourth quarter on the bench, but he earned the benching. The young star allowed his terrible performance against his former teammate to affect his decision-making. After taking some questionable shots and picking up needless fouls, coach  Keith Smart  had no choice but to go with role players  J.J. Hickson  and  Jason Thompson  for the remainder of the contest. After the game, Smart said that Cousins is still battling a nasty cough. That same illness, however, did not keep Cousins from scoring 21 points and pulling down 19 boards in Wednesday's win at Toronto. QUOTABLE III:  "We knew that coming in [Dalembert would be fired up]. ... There's nothing more to say. ... I don't know what I got going on. I couldn't stop coughing."   -- DeMarcus Cousins on his struggles NOTABLE:  Kings guard  Marcus Thornton  (left thigh contusion) missed his third-consecutive game, while Rockets guard  Courtney Lee  (right calf strain) sat out for the sixth game in a row. ... Before the game, the Kings announced the addition of Hall of Famer  Alex English  to their coaching staff. ... With Hall of Famers  Calvin Murphy ,  Moses Malone  and  Elvin Hayes  in attendance, Houston honored its 1970s All-Decade Team at halftime.  Rudy Tomjanovich  and  Mike Newlin  were also part of the honorary squad. ... A video tribute to former Rocket  Chuck Hayes , who is currently sidelined with a separated shoulder, was shown on the massive scoreboard above center court at the end of the first quarter. Houston fans, appreciative of Hayes' toughness and work ethic during his time with the Rockets, gave the veteran a standing ovation after the video clip ended. ... Sacramento finished with fewer than 10 offensive rebounds for the first time this season. ... Scola has posted a double-double in each of Sacramento's last seven visits to Houston. ... Evans has scored at least 25 points in four of his last five outings. ... Evans went 4-for-4 at the free-throw line to improve to 48-for-53 at the charity stripe this January. ... The Rockets have won five of their last six meetings with the Kings. ... Houston is now 4-0 when holding an opponent to less to 90 points, while Sacramento dropped to 1-8 when allowing at least 100 points. ...The Rockets won for the first time in seven games when trailing at halftime. UP NEXT:  For the Kings, Saturday @ Dallas, Monday @ Minnesota, Wednesday vs. Indiana. For the Rockets, Saturday vs. Portland, Monday @ Washington, Tuesday vs. Detroit.  