Notebook: Magic 108, Cavaliers 104 
 
 
 Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Nov 23, 2012 11:16 PM - Updated Fri Nov 23, 2012 11:16 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:   J.J. Redick  made eight straight free throws in the final 21.9 seconds to help the Orlando Magic hold off the Cleveland Cavaliers, 108-104. 
 
 Jameer Nelson  (22 points, six rebounds, six assists) and  Glen Davis  (16 points, eight rebounds) had big games for Orlando in its 10th straight win over the Cavaliers. 
 
 Dion Waiters  scored a game-high 25 points and  Anderson Varejao  added 19 points and 17 rebounds for Cleveland, which had a 12-point lead late in the first half. 
 
 THE STAT:  The Magic had 16 turnovers in the first half (after which they were down by six points) and only two in the second half. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "When we came in at the half, we saw that offensive rebounds and turnovers equated to almost 66 percent of their points. So we felt if we took care of our turnovers and did our best to keep 'em off the glass, we were going to have a much better half."
 -- Magic guard  Arron Afflalo 
 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Magic were clinging to a one-point lead with just over two minutes left when Redick missed a 3-pointer, but Nelson got the long rebound and passed to Afflalo, who nailed a three. 
 
 HOT:  After leading the NBA in 3-point field goals for three straight seasons, the Magic were second-last in the league with only 4.82 per game going into Friday night. But they shot 11-for-21 from behind the arc. 
 
 NOT:   Daniel Gibson , who had missed the Cavs' two preceding games with a sore right elbow, played 25 minutes without making a field goal. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Nobody touched the ball inbounds for the Magic in the closing seconds except for Redick, a 90 percent foul shooter. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:   "It's hard with that guy (Redick); he moves so well without the ball. That's just a terrific job, and they do a terrific job of setting screens for him, too."
 -- Cavaliers coach  Byron Scott 
 
 
 BAD MOVE:  The Magic were protecting a four-point lead with 16.7 seconds left when  E'Twaun Moore  fouled Waiters on a jump shot. 
 
 IN THE ARENA:  People in the courtside seats got a large scare when the 6-foot-9, 289-pound Davis landed in the third row after chasing a loose ball. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "I just missed 'em by a smidge. I couldn't stop. I felt like if I stopped, I'd hurt the person in front of me."
 -- Davis. 
 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Varejao, the NBA's No. 2 rebounder, has grabbed 15 or more rebounds in four of his last five games. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Waiters and  Tyler Zeller  came up big for the Cavs, combining for 38 points and 12 rebounds. ... The Magic's  Maurice Harkless  had six points and four rebounds in his second start. 
 
 NOTABLE: Kyrie Irving  missed his second straight game for the Cavaliers with a fractured left finger. ... Cleveland's last win over the Magic was in February of 2010. ... Davis had 10 points in the fourth quarter, Nelson had none. ... Thirteen of Orlando's 20 free throws came in the fourth quarter. ... The Cavaliers outscored the Magic in the paint, 22-8, in the first half, but it was 40-40 at the end. ... The Magic average 105 points in their five wins, and 76.9 points in their seven losses. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Cavaliers: Saturday @ Miami, Monday @ Memphis, Tuesday vs. Phoenix. For the Magic: Sunday vs. Boston, Wednesday vs. San Antonio, Friday vs. Brooklyn. 
