Notebook: Nets 102, Warriors 98 
 
 
 Jake Appleman, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Jan 08, 2014 11:27 PM - Updated Wed Jan 08, 2014 11:27 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Golden State Warriors were unable to become the first team in NBA history to sweep a road trip of seven games. They finished the trip 6-1. 
 
 THE LEAD:  For the first time since the season's earliest stages, the Nets (14-21) are officially back in the playoff picture (eighth place) in the weak Eastern Conference after notching a season-high fourth straight win, holding off the Warriors 102-98. After getting outclassed for much of the first quarter, the Nets, buoyed by the play of their bench, seized control in the second when, even on a minutes' restriction,  Andrei Kirilenko  made an all-around impact and  Paul Pierce  made a living at the foul line.  Joe Johnson  fully returned to form in a 27-point performance to lead the Nets, while  Shaun Livingston  (13 points) ran the team capably and sought high-percentage shots.  Stephen Curry  led all scorers with 34 points and consistently electrified the crowd with his antics on offense, while  David Lee  added 20 points and seven rebounds. The loss snapped an overall 10-game winning streak for Golden State (24-14).  
 
 THE STAT:  The Warriors shot 9-for 26 from behind the arc.  
 
 TURNING POINT:   Kevin Garnett  intercepted a Curry pass with just over 10 seconds remaining, after Curry failed to get a look he liked in a set with  Andre Iguodala . Johnson hit two free throws to ice the victory for the Nets.   
 
 INJURY UPDATE:   Deron Williams  missed a second straight game with a sprained left ankle. "What I can say is that I don't think there's anything going on with him that is a serious issue over the long haul and the guy wants to play," Nets team physician  Dr. Riley Williams II I said in a satellite radio interview. "So sometimes you have to take a little bit more time and let things heal up a little bit before you get back out there. I don't think there's any serious concern about Deron over the long term."  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "The history that we're chasing after is bigger." 
 -- Warriors coach  Mark Jackson   
 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We've just gotta keep building." 
 -- Pierce, on the Nets' winning streak . 
 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  Yankees pitcher  CC Sabathia , boxer  Paulie Malignaggi  and  Spike Lee  (rooting for the Warriors) attended the game. ... A large vocal contingent of Warriors fans made their collective presence felt.   
 
 NOTABLE:  The Warriors' starting frontcourt connected on 10 straight field goals to start the game. ... Garnett scored 11 of his 13 points in the fourth quarter.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Warriors, Friday vs. Boston, next Wednesday vs. Denver, next Friday @ Oklahoma City. For the Nets, Friday vs. Miami, Saturday @ Toronto, next Thursday @ Atlanta (in London).  
