Notebook: Thunder 92, Pistons 90 
 
 
 Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Mon Nov 12, 2012 11:42 PM - Updated Tue Nov 13, 2012 9:45 AM 
 
 THE FACTS: Russell Westbrook  had 33 points and 10 rebounds on his 24th birthday, including 14 fourth-quarter points, as the Oklahoma City Thunder edged the winless Detroit Pistons 92-90 Monday. The Thunder, which also got 26 points from  Kevin Durant , erased a 13-point, second-half deficit.  Rodney Stuckey's  19 points led the Pistons, who are off to their worst start in franchise history at 0-8. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "This is on Coach  (Scott) Brooks . He made perfect adjustments for us to win by switching every screen and putting the most athletic defenders out there. We switched everything and got out on the break, hit free throws and got easy shots. Coach won this one for us." 
 -- Durant on erasing an 11-point, fourth-quarter deficit. 
 
 THE STAT:  37-for-42. The Thunder shot only 37 percent but made up for it by getting to the foul line 42 times and converting all but five of those free throws. They went a perfect 18-for-18 in the fourth quarter while outscoring the Pistons 30-17. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Down 73-62 after three, the Thunder roared back with a 17-2 outburst. Westbrook scored 10 of those points, including the last eight. The Pistons were held to two points for the first 6:53 of the quarter as Brooks went to a smaller lineup to cut off penetration by Detroit's guards. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "There's a lot of games where we don't play well but there's very few where we don't play hard. Tonight, there were so many opportunities for us to just say 'It wasn't our night.' Four in five nights in three different cities, we didn't use those as excuses and we never will. Our guys did a good job of staying with it." 
 -- Brooks on his team's perseverance. 
 
 HOT:  Forward  Jason Maxiell  was instrumental in Detroit's ability to build a double-digit advantage. He had 13 points, seven rebounds and three blocks. Two of those rejections came in the third quarter, when the Pistons extended a six-point halftime lead. 
 
 NOT:  Oklahoma City's bench was unproductive.  Kevin Martin , the sixth man, was 2-for-8 from the field.  Nick Collison  had two points and five fouls in 16 minutes. The three other reserves who played combined for four points and two turnovers. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Pistons reserves  Kyle Singler  and  Andre Dummond  had strong second quarters but did very little after halftime. Singler finished with nine points but fouled out in 16 minutes. Drummond, Detroit's lottery pick, had four points, six rebounds and two steals in 13 minutes. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Detroit had two previous 0-7 starts in franchise history in 1962-63 and 1980-81 ... Thunder coach Brooks isn't concerned about the impact of the Los Angeles Lakers' coaching change from  Mike Brown  to  Mike D'Antoni . "That doesn't change how we look at things at all," he said. "We focus on our team, our growth, our development and how we play. It has no bearing on us moving forward." ... Pistons backup forward  Corey Maggette  remained inactive because of a left calf injury. He has not played this season ... Oklahoma City has defeated the Pistons eight consecutive times. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Thunder, Wednesday vs. Memphis, Friday @ New Orleans, Sunday vs. Golden State. For the Pistons, Wednesday @ Philadelphia, Friday vs. Orlando, Sunday vs. Boston. 
