Notebook: Spurs 111, Raptors 106 
 
 
 Duane Watson, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Nov 25, 2012 5:36 PM - Updated Sun Nov 25, 2012 5:36 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:  The San Antonio Spurs (11-3) visited the Toronto Raptors (3-11) at The Air Canada Centre on Sunday looking for their third consecutive road win. It only took the Spurs four quarters and two overtimes to defeat the Raptors 111-106.  Tony Parker  led his team with a game-high 32 points as the Spurs moved to 7-1 on the road this season.  Tim Duncan  added 26 points and a team-high six assists, while  Boris Diaw  chipped in 15 points and seven rebounds off the bench. 
 With the game tied at halftime and the Raptors taking only a 1-point lead into the fourth quarter, it was clear this was going to be a close game.  Both teams executed and Toronto was more active on the offensive glass, but they couldn't put the ball in the basket in the second overtime, shooting 3-for-11, while the Spurs went 5-for-9 from the floor. 
 
 DeMar DeRozan 's 29 points led the Raptors, rookie  Jonas Valanciunas  scored a career-high 22 points and  Kyle Lowry  added 20 with 8 rebounds.  Andrea Bargnani  shot 2-for-19 from the field for the Raptors. 
 The Spurs are now 7-1 on the road and 4-0 on their current 6-game road trip. The Raptors fall to 2-4 at home after returning from a three game home trip where they went 0-3.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "It could've gone either way, we had to work for this one. In the second overtime it was close and they were switching the pick and rolls and I was just trying to get a rhythm  and try to be aggressive on Bargnani."
 -- Spurs Guard Parker 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Second chance points were in the Raptors favor 25-11, which is what kept them in the game. Their effort and hustle had them outrebounding the Spurs on the offensive glass 17-7. They did enough to keep themselves in the game, but not enough to win. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Parker's pair of jumpers down the stretch with a little over a minute to go iced the game. Toronto never led in the second overtime and were constantly playing catch up, but inevitably didn't getting outscored 14-9 in the final frame. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "He's our closer, he's been that way for the last couple of years and he steps up and makes big shots for us."
 -- Spurs forward Duncan on Parker. 
 
 
 HOT:   Ed Davis  came off the bench for the Raptors in the first half with 10 points and 7 rebounds, four of which were on the offensive end. He finished the game with a double-double netting a season-high 14 points and 13 rebounds, his eight offensive boards were a career high. 
 
 NOT:  Despite a breakout game on Friday with a season-high 34 points, Bargnani continues to shoot poorly from the field at 41 per cent this season. Today he shot 2-for-19 from the field for four points. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  At the start of the second half Raptors coach  Dwane Casey  switched Valanciunas off of Duncan with Bargnani. However, with 31.9 seconds left in the game the rookie had Duncan posting him on the block. Valanciunas blocked Duncan's hook shot and stole the ball, raced down the floor and was fouled by  Manu Ginobili , knocking down both free throws, tying the game 88-88. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Down two points with 29.1 seconds left in the first overtime,  Jose Calderon  turned an in-bounds pass to Lowry over at half court to Parker who streaked down the floor for an open court lay-up, putting the Spurs up 94-90. 
 
 NOTABLE:  the Raptors are now 2-8 this season when they were either ahead or behind by five points or less with under five minutes left in remaining. San Antonio now has won four straight over the Raptors, including sweeping the series last season. The Spurs are without starting forward  Kawhi Leonard , (tendinitis, right knee) and  Stephen Jackson , (fractured pinkie, right hand). The Raptors have forwards  Landry Fields , (right elbow) and  Alan Anderson  (left foot) on the injured list. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Raptors; Tuesday @ Houston, Wednesday @ Memphis, Friday vs. Phoenix. For the Spurs; Monday @ Washington, Wednesday @ Orlando and Thursday @ Miami.  
