Notebook: Nuggets 109, Hawks 107 
 
 
 Michael Kelly, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Nov 08, 2013 2:04 AM - Updated Fri Nov 08, 2013 2:04 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Denver Nuggets have now won seven straight home games against the Atlanta Hawks. 
 
 THE LEAD: Ty Lawson  had 23 points, including a key 3-pointer and free throw in the final minutes, and the Denver Nuggets held on to beat the Atlanta Hawks 109-107 on Thursday to give head coach  Brian Shaw  his first win. 
 
 Nate Robinson  scored 15 points and  JaVale McGee  14 for the Nuggets, who had six players score in double figures. 
 
 Paul Millsap  scored a season-high 29 points and pulled down 10 rebounds for Atlanta.  Al Horford  added 21 points and nine rebounds but missed a game-tying jumper in the final seconds. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I feel relieved to finally get it. It wasn't easy. Nothing is going to be easy with this team, every night it's going to be a dogfight. We almost did everything in our power to not win it."  --  Shaw. 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Denver, the highest scoring team in the NBA last season, eclipsed 100 points for the first time this year. 
 
 TURNING POINT : After Robinson hit 1 of 2 free throws with 7.5 seconds left, the Hawks called a timeout to set up a play for Millsap. The 6-foot-8 forward got the ball on the wing with 6-foot-2 guard  Andre Miller  on him. Millsap settled for a 14-foot turnaround jumper but it was short. Horford got the rebound but his 8-footer was off. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I had a smaller guy on me so I figured I could shoot over the top of him. I knew it would be difficult to get to the basket. I settled for my step-back jump shot. I felt like it was a good shot, it didn't go in."  --  Millsap. 
 
 
 QUOTABLE III : "Not to get backed down. If he makes a shot over me he makes a shot. I didn't think he was going to post me, I thought they were going to go to the pick-and-roll but luckily I got him off the block enough."  --  Miller, on his strategy against Millsap in the final seconds. 
 
 
 HOT:  Millsap was unstoppable for most of the game. He made 10 of his first 11 shots and had 26 points after three quarters. It was the fourth time in his career he finished with at least 29 points, 10 rebounds and five assists. 
 
 QUOTABLE IV:  "Those of us that have been in the West know what kind of player Paul has been. Paul is a gamer. He's actually fighting through some nicks right now, he's a little banged up, but he is a heck of a player."  --  Atlanta coach Mike Budenholzer, on Millsap. 
 
 
 NOT:  Atlanta forward  Cartier Martin  was 0-for-7 from the field and missed four 3-point attempts. 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  Colorado Avalanche center  Ryan O'Reilly  sat courtside and autographed a puck that Nuggets mascot  Rocky  gave away to a fan. Later, he tried a reverse halfcourt shot that was short. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Shaw employed a three-guard set for long stretches with a lot of success. Lawson, Robinson and  Randy Foye  combined to go 10-for-21 from 3-point range and finished with 51 points. Shaw had four guards on the floor in the final 26 seconds, which is why Miller was left to guard Millsap. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  The Hawks stopped looking for Millsap in the fourth quarter. He didn't take his first shot in the period until midway through and he missed all three attempts in the fourth. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Atlanta's  Dennis Schroder  was suspended for one game for striking Sacramento's  DeMarcus Cousins  in the groin Tuesday. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Hawks guard  Kyle Korver  has made at least one 3-pointer in 78 straight games. It's the longest streak in the NBA and tied for the third-longest in NBA history. ... The Nuggets avoided starting 0-4 for the first time since the lockout-shortened 1999 season. ... The Hawks had 11 steals. They are the third team to have eight or more against Denver this season. 
 
 UP NEXT : For the Hawks, Saturday vs. Orlando, Monday @ Charlotte, Wednesday vs. New York. For the Nuggets, Friday @ Phoenix, Monday @ Utah, Wednesday vs. L.A. Lakers. 
