
 Knicks-Raptors notebook   By Holly J. MacKenzie, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday October 27, 2010 11:39PM THE FACTS:  The New York Knicks were able to hold on after giving up a 16-point first-half lead to escape with the 98-93 victory over the Toronto Raptors.  Amar'e Stoudemire  had 19 points and 10 rebounds in his Knicks debut, but the player of the game for New York was  Wilson Chandler,  who came off of the bench to score 22 points on 10-for-18 shooting in 29 minutes of action. QUOTABLE:  "Fantastic. I call him the silent guy. He just comes in does his job and goes home. He has a lot, a lot of potential."   --  Ronny Turiaf  on the play of Chandler coming in off of the bench. THE STAT:  Toronto's  Amir Johnson  played just 12 minutes because of foul trouble. In those minutes he racked up four fouls and was unable to get into a rhythm, finishing with just two points and one rebound in the game. Not the start the Raptors would have hoped for after signing him to a five-year, $34 million contract during the offseason. While  Reggie Evans  gave his best effort, grabbing 16 rebounds in 33 minutes of burn, the Knicks still scored 52 of their points in the paint against the Raptors. TURNING POINT:  After coming back from the first-half deficit, the Raptors offense stalled midway through the fourth. Trailing by two, Toronto went over four minutes without a field goal and found itself trailing by three with 11 seconds left.  Leandro Barbosa  was unable to hit a 3-pointer to send the game into overtime and the Knicks were able to leave Toronto with a 1-0 record to start the season. QUOTABLE II:  "Yeah, but I didn't remember nine turnovers. A cripple double."  --  Mike D'Antoni  on whether this was the type of  Amar'e Stoudemire  he remembered . ROOKIE WATCH:  Given a start in his NBA debut by D'Antoni,  Landry Fields  played almost 30 minutes and finished with 11 points and four rebounds. His performance in his first game as a pro impressed D'Antoni, who kept him on the floor in the fourth quarter for all but the final three seconds of the game. NOTABLE:  Attendance was announced at 18,722. ... Stoudemire narrowly missed out on the wrong kind of triple-double, finishing with 22 points, 10 rebounds and nine turnovers. ... Toronto's  Joey Dorsey  was not with the team as he served his one-game suspension for swinging an elbow at  Brian Scalabrine  during a preseason game. ... With his 16 rebounds, Evans is the first player since  Marcus Camby  to record 16-plus rebounds without scoring a point.  UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Friday @ Boston, Saturday vs. Portland, Tuesday vs. Orlando. For the Raptors, Friday vs. Cleveland, Monday @ Sacramento, Wednesday @ Utah. 
