Notebook: Spurs 112, Kings 104 
 
 
 Tim Price, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Dec 29, 2013 11:06 PM - Updated Sun Dec 29, 2013 11:06 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Kings have had a rough season so far, but they were looking good to pull off consecutive wins over the teams that played in the NBA Finals last season, until they blew a nine-point, fourth-quarter lead in the final 11 minutes Sunday at San Antonio. 
 
 THE LEAD:   Manu Ginobili  scored 28 points in 30 minutes off the bench, and  Tony Parker  added 22 more in the San Antonio  Spurs' 112-104 win over the Sacramento Kings at AT&T Center. 
 The Spurs (24-7) had a 15-point first-half lead, but the Kings shot 62 percent in the third quarter to take the lead into the final quarter. 
 
 DeMarcus Cousins  had 29 points and 14 rebounds and  Isaiah Thomas  added 27 points and nine assists for the Kings (9-20), who were looking for another double-digit, come-behind win over a team that played for last season's NBA title. Sacramento defeated the Miami Heat on Friday after rallying from 17 down. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "[The Kings] scored 38 points in the third quarter and 17 in the fourth. That's a huge difference. We played a great fourth quarter. It was enough to win."  
 --  Manu Ginobili 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Not only were Ginobili's 28 points a season high for him, but the Spurs had a season-low four turnovers (the previous low was nine) and kept their cool down the stretch. San Antonio did not turn the ball over in the final eight minutes while the Kings committed four in the final six. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Kings had a chance to go up by six with 4½ minutes left. But  Ben McLemore  was called for a moving-screen violation, and the Spurs got consecutive 3-pointers from Ginobili. When Parker scored the Spurs' final seven points, it capped a 16-4 closing run after the McLemore turnover. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "It was a competitive game and sometimes people get a little frustrated. We're fine. We're still united."  
 --  Kings coach  Michael Malone 
 
 
 HOT:  Since a rough 1-for-6 3-point shooting night nine days ago at Miami, Thomas has gone 14-for-26 from beyond the arc for the Kings over the past four games. That includes 5-for-6 against the Spurs, counting all three he put up in the third quarter when the Kings made a game of it. 
 
 NOT:  Since  Marco Belinelli  was put in the starting lineup at shooting guard four games back, he's 1-for-9 from the 3-point line, 10-for-31 overall. He was 2-for-11 from the floor Sunday night. 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  In consecutive games against the two teams that advanced to the NBA Finals last season, Cousins averaged 28 points and 15.5 rebounds. He's averaging 22 points and 11 rebounds this season. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Cousins took a game-high 23 shots, but he failed to get one off after missing from nine feet with about 2½ minutes to go. The Spurs kept  Tim Duncan  on him, and that miss came when Duncan shut off the lane low and forced Cousins to loft a high shot that barely hit the front of the rim. Spurs coach  Gregg Popovich : "Tim made it tough for [Cousins] to get the shot off. His length helped on DeMarcus down the stretch. We waited for that opportunity, and Tim did a great job on him." Then there was Cousins: "Not to be disrespectful, but I didn't notice [Duncan guarding]." 
 
 BAD MOVE:  McLemore's moving screen with 4½ minutes left helped start the Spurs' final push, and it got worse a minute and a half later when McLemore threw an inbounds pass too far from Cousins. The ball drifted toward the half-court line, which Cousins stepped on and committed a back-court violation. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Beyond his late critical turnovers Sunday night, McLemore has been having a tough time lately. He's fifth in scoring for all rookies this season with 8.8 points per game coming in. But he's gone four games without reaching double figures, including five points against the Spurs. In those games, he's 7-for-16 from the floor for 4.7 points a game, and he's failed to get to the foul line. 
 
 NOTABLE:  San Antonio has won seven straight against Sacramento. ... Want proof that Popovich will take his star veterans to task? Look at the three-minute mark of the second quarter when Duncan missed a 19-footer and couldn't get the rebound before Thomas scooped it up and fired an outlet to  Rudy Gay  (24 points) for a slam dunk. Popovich called a 20-second timeout and visibly griped at Duncan as he walked to the bench. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Kings, Tuesday @ Houston, Thursday vs. Philadelphia, Saturday vs. Charlotte. For the Spurs, Tuesday vs. Brooklyn, Thursday vs. New York, Saturday vs. Los Angeles Clippers. 
