  Mavericks-Magic notebook   By Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday December 21, 2010 11:17PM THE FACTS:  All five Mavericks starters scored on double figures and  Jason Terry  came off the bench for 13 more Tuesday night as Dallas completed a back-to-back sweep of Florida with a 105-99 win over the new-look Orlando Magic. Dwight Howard  had 26 points and 23 rebounds for the Magic, who lost for the third time in four nights after making two big trades. The Mavericks, who have won 16 of 17 and seven straight on the road, shot 50 percent and led throughout the second half. QUOTABLE:  "The big part of us playing on the road is that we feel a little bit more comfortable . . . as a veteran ballcub, we have kind of seen everything that an arena can throw at you, no matter if it's noise or being booed or whatever it may be."   --  Jason Kidd , who had 13 points, 12 assists and six rebounds for the Mavericks. THE STAT: Hedo Turkoglu, Jason Richardson  and  Gilbert Arenas , the Magic's three new veterans, shot a combined 7-for-30 against the Mavericks and are 13-for-53 (24 percent) in two games with their new team. QUOTABLE II:  "I don't know if it's being in a new situation or putting too much pressure on themselves. All three of them are struggling to shoot the ball."   -- Magic coach  Stan Van Gundy . TURNING POINT:  The Magic reduced a 12-point deficit quickly to six with a little over two minutes left when Turkoglu got ahead on a fast break. But he left the layup short, then missed an open 3-point shot a few seconds later. and the late rally fizzled. HOT:  The Mavericks, who have not lost a road game since Nov. 17 in New Orleans, made eight of their first 11 shots Tuesday night, including four 3-pointers, and shot 50 percent for the game. NOT : Arenas, playing in his first Magc home game, shot 1-for-6 and went to the bench with five fouls after playing less than 18 minutes. GOOD MOVE:  Although they only used two, the Mavericks activated four centers for the game because under the circumstances, Howard was the only threat. He did not shoot a free throw until the fourth quarter. IN THE ARENA : Some fans held "Welcome Back Turk" posters for Turkoglu's first home game since Saturday's trade from Phoenix. He played five seasons in Orlando before leaving as a free agent in 2009. NOTABLE:  Dirk Nowitzki's 17 points moved him ahead of  Larry Bird  into 25th place on the all-time NBA scoring list. The Dallas forward has 21,798 points . . . The Mavericks have won their last five games in Orlando, last losing here on March 31, 2006 . . . The Magic announced a franchise attendance record of 19,057. . . The second-worst free-throw shooting team in the league, the Magic shot 12-for-12 Tuesday night, but they did not get to the line in the first half. QUOTABLE III:  "I got a text message form Larry Bird as the game ended, saying to congratulate Dirk and that he's always been a huge fan."   -- Mavericks coach  Rick Carlisle. UP NEXT : For the Mavericks, Monday @ Oklahoma City, Tuesday vs. Toronto, Dec. 30 vs. San Antonio. For the Magic, Thursday vs. San Antonio, Saturday vs. Boston, Monday @ New Jersey.  