  Heat-Thunder Notebook   By Randy Renner, for NBA.com Posted Sunday January 30, 2011 4:40PM FACTS:  Miami's  Eddie House  just hit one shot Sunday but it turned out to be the game-winning 3-pointer in the Heat's thrilling 108-103 win over the Oklahoma City Thunder.  LeBron James  passed up an open look to get the ball to House and he nailed it.  Dwyane Wade  led the Heat with 32 points, James added 23, along with 13 assists, four steals and three blocked shots.  Chris Bosh  hit for 20 points after missing four games with a sprained ankle.  Kevin Durant  led Oklahoma City with 33 points. He also pulled down 10 rebounds and stole the ball four times.  Jeff Green  added 23 points and 11 rebounds and  Russell Westbrook  dropped in 21 points and dished 10 assists. QUOTABLE:  "The Thunder rolls behind KD and Westbrook so I knew I needed to focus more on the defensive end and getting my guys some good looks and they came through."  - Heat forward  James THE STAT:  In the fourth quarter Miami had 15 second chance points. The Thunder had only two. TURNING POINT:  With Oklahoma City in front 103-102 with 26.9 seconds to go in the game, Wade missed an 18-foot jump shot but the Thunder could not get the rebound.  Mike Miller  pulled it down instead setting the stage for House's game winner. QUOTABLE II:  "He's won championships with Boston, he's aggressive and he's confident he can make any shot."  -  James  on why he passed up an open look to get the ball to House. HOT:  In the first quarter and a half Miami's Wade and Bosh combined for 26 points on 11-for-14 shooting. NOT:  In the second quarter Durant, Westbrook and Green of Oklahoma City combined for just nine points on 3-for-14 shooting. In the first quarter that trio had combined for 31 points on 12-for-16 shooting. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Former University of Oklahoma All-American and current Tampa Bay standout  Gerald McCoy  sat courtside. He was part of another sellout crowd in OKC Arena, the 13th consecutive full house and 21st time this season. GOOD MOVE:  With 34.3 seconds left in the game Heat coach  Eric Spoelstra  put House into the contest. Nine seconds later he hit a 3-pointer from the right corner that put the Thunder away. BAD MOVE:  Oklahoma City had a difficult time blocking out on Miami free throw attempts, allowing Heat players to get offensive rebounds off four missed charity tosses. NOTABLE:  Four technical fouls were assessed. Miami's Wade and Bosh were whistled and so were OKC's Durant and Westbrook. Bosh and Durant exchanged heated words in the first quarter leading to their technicals. In the locker room after the game Durant said, "There are a lot of fake tough guys in this league and he's one of them." UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Monday vs Cavaliers, Thursday @ Orlando, Friday @ Charlotte. For the Thunder, Wednesday vs Hornets, Friday @ Phoenix, Saturday @ Utah.  