  Notebook: Celtics 102, Bobcats 95 Posted Monday March 26, 2012 10:47PM By Derek Smith, for NBA.com THE FACTS: Paul Pierce  scored 36 and added 10 rebounds to lift the Boston Celtics to a 102-95 win over the Charlotte Bobcats Monday night at Time Warner Cable Arena. The win gave the Celtics a share of the Atlantic Division lead while the Bobcats dropped their fourth straight.  Gerald Henderson  led Charlotte with 21 points. QUOTABLE:  "I thought we came out and made a concerted effort to get the ball inside. We kept the ball moving and stayed aggressive out there. We took out time and tried to get to the free throw line. I just tired to be more aggressive than usual (with Ray Allen and Mickael Pietrus out) whether it was at the line or taking more shots."  --  Pierce. THE STAT:  Clutch free throws. Pierce made 18 trips to the foul line Monday including seven trips in the fourth quarter. His 15 makes and 18 attempts were both season highs. As a team, Boston was 8-for-11 in the fourth quarter and also set season highs with 34 makes and 45 attempts. TURNING POINT:  Boston came out of the half and quickly wrestled control from Charlotte. The Celtics went on a 13-4 run over the first three minutes led by Pierce and  Avery Bradley . Brandon Bass capped the run at the 9:05 mark with a 12-foot jumper and while Charlotte made some runs the Celtics lead was never in doubt. QUOTABLE II:  "He was in attack mode tonight and we really needed that. "  --  Boston head coach  Doc Rivers  on Pierce's performance Monday night. HOT:  Pierce was a man of determination Monday. The Boston forward netted a season-best 36 points and added 10 rebounds to record his first double-double of the year. Pierce also had four assists, three steals and three blocks. He's averaging 25.5 points and 9.0 rebounds over his last four games NOT: D.J. Augustin.  The Charlotte starting point guard was held to only two points, one assist and no made field goals against Boston Monday night. Augustin has not scored in double figures in the previous four games and his 4.3 points per game over that stretch is well below his season average of 11.6 point per game FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Bradley. The Boston guard has scored 11 points a night after torching Washington for a career-best 23 points. Bradley, who has started in place of the injured  Ray Allen , is averaging 17.0 points since being inserted in the lineup. Allen is expected to be back in action on Wednesday for the Celtics, but with the continued absence of  Mickael Pietrus  due to a concussion quality minutes for Bradley should still be available. NOTABLE:  Bobcats head coach  Paul Silas  gets his seventh technical foul of season. He's one behind Boston's Rivers for most among NBA coaches ... The Bobcats bench came to play Monday night. They outscored the Celtics bench 61-9 and had two double digit scorers in  Byron Mullens  (18) and  Derrick Brown  (16) ... Henderson topped the 20-point mark for the third time in the last five games ... Brown handed out a career-high seven assists ... Pierce passed  Dominique Wilkins  on the NBA career free throw list. He now has 6,034 and is just one free throw away from tying  David Robinson  for 15th all-time ...  Kevin Garnett  scored 20-plus points for the 12th time this season ...  Rajon Rondo  recorded double figure assists for the 25th time this season. UP NEXT:  For the Celtics, Wednesday vs. Utah, Friday @ Minnesota, Sunday vs. Miami. For the Bobcats, Wednesday vs. Minnesota, Friday vs. Denver, Saturday @ Detroit.  