  Clippers-Hawks Notebook   By Matt Winkeljohn, for NBA.com Posted Friday February 4, 2011 11:43PM THE FACTS:  All-Star  Al Horford  hit two free throws with 0.6 of a second left after drawing a flagrant foul call on fellow All-Star  Blake Griffin  to give the Hawks a 101-100 win Friday night over the visiting Clippers.  Jamal Crawford  led all scorers with 34 points off Atlanta's bench, and Horford was steady in Philips Arena with 23 points and 12 rebounds. All-Star guard  Joe Johnson  just missed a triple-double for Atlanta with 17 points, nine rebounds and nine assists.  Clippers guard  Baron Davis  scored 10 of his team-high 22 points in the fourth quarter as L.A. rallied furiously from a deficit that was as big as 14 points near the end of the third quarter. Davis added 13 assists and four steals, and Griffin had 19 points and 11 rebounds. QUOTABLE:  "Obviously, I knew it was a foul, but I didn't think it was Flagrant 1; I definitely went for the ball. I think with the way we collided in the air . . . I'll have to see a replay. It's tough to lose a game like that. It's one of those games where you just feel bad. With the way I played, I really didn't help my teammates tonight. I've got to do a better job."   -  Griffin , who despite making a modest 8 of 18 shots, gave the Clippers a 98-97 lead on a 4-foot hook shot over Atlanta's Josh Smith with 37 seconds left in the game. THE STAT:  12-2 -- The Hawks' record when Johnson has seven or most assists, and coincidentally also Atlanta's record when the Hawks turn the ball over 12 or fewer times. They had 10 turnovers Friday. TURNING POINT:  Trailing 100-99 after L.A.'s  Eric Bledsoe  made two free throws with 11.5 seconds, the Hawks called timeout. After an inbound, they worked the ball to Johnson on the right side of the lane at half depth to the baseline. From there, the 6-foot-7 guard tried to drive on 6-4 Clippers guard  Randy Foye , who cut off the angle and forced Johnson baseline. From there, Johnson turned baseline only to have Foye block his shot. The ball went out of bounds off a scramble, and officials went to replay and then called a jump ball with 4.2 seconds left. Johnson beat Foye for the tip, and as Atlanta's  Marvin Williams  gathered the ball, Davis fouled him to the floor. After an Atlanta timeout with 3.3 seconds left, Johnson inbounded from the high right side to Horford, and when Clippers center  DeAndre Jordan  hedged ever so slightly to the middle (right) to cut off Johnson's curl, Horford spun hard toward the sideline (his left) and drove to the basket. Griffin helped hard from the weak side off  Josh Smith  to foul. QUOTABLE II:  "I thought they would be over-aggressive with Joe coming to the ball. That was a designed play. The lane opened up, he went in there with some force, and they fouled him pretty hard. I thought it was the correct call as far as the flagrant. He wasn't going to signal to come out in that situation. When I say Al is a warrior, you know I mean that in every sense of the word. You're practically going to have to wheel him off the floor for him not to shoot the free throws, and he stepped up and nailed them both."   -  Hawks coach  Larry Drew . QUOTABLE III:  "I thought I was going to be able to turn the corner, and [Griffin] came kind of late and I just got hit. It happened so fast I did not have time to gather myself. It was hard getting up because my leg felt weak. You could say this was our most dramatic win of the year. We let them in the game instead of putting them away."   -  Horford , who like Griffin lay on the court for nearly two minutes after their collision. Both suffered back injuries, and both said they were alright. HOT:  Clippers reserve forward  Ike Diogu  scored a season-high 14 points, including 12 in the second quarter when he made all four of his shots (from 5 feet or closer) and made 4 of 6 free throws. He also finished one shy of his season high by grabbing 10 rebounds. After making 5 of 6 shots, Diogu has made 18 of 25 shots (72 percent) over the past six games. NOT:  Atlanta's  Mike Bibby  has gone ice cold. He missed all six of his shots Friday, including five 3-pointers to finish scoreless. In the past five games, he has scored 22 points (4.4 ppg) while making just 9 of 30 shots (30 percent) and 4 of 20 treys (20 percent).  INSIDE THE ARENA:  Atlanta mayor  Kasim Reed  was at the game, and so was actor/hip-hop artist  Common. GOOD MOVE:  Davis and 6-1 guard Bledsoe began slicing to the basket in the fourth quarter, when L.A. out-scored the Hawks 33-22. Davis said, "I think with the lineup we had on the floor it made it difficult for them to clog the paint. They usually clog the paint, but we spaced them out with a couple 3's so I just saw an opportunity to penetrate." The Clippers' zone frustrated the Hawks in the fourth quarter. ROOKIE WATCH : Bledsoe was too quick for any Hawk to match, especially in the fourth quarter as he made both his shots and two free throws for 6 of his 8 points. Back in his hometown, L.A. rookie forward  Al-Farouq Aminu  was active in 20:39 while making 2 of his 3 shots -- including a 3-pointer, and 4 of 7 free throws. He finished with 9 points, four rebounds, a steal and a blocked shot to go with two turnovers. NOTABLE:  After the Clippers built a 61-53 lead with 7:10 left in the third quarter, they turned the ball over three straight times as Atlanta launched a 26-4 blitz during which L.A. missed 9 of 11 shots and turned the ball over five times. . . . Crawford entered the game having made just 3 of 16 3-pointers in his previous four games and missed 4 of 5 in the first half. He made all three in the third quarter, though, when he scored 16 points and made all six of his shots and a free throw. . . . This was the first game since Foye (8 points) moved into the starting lineup six games ago that he didn't score at least 14 points. He averaged 18 points in the previous five. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Sunday @ Heat, Tuesday @ Magic, Wednesday @ Knicks. For the Hawks, Saturday @ Wizards, Tuesday vs. 76ers, Saturday vs, Bobcats.  