Notebook: Nets 111, Trail Blazers 93 
 
 
 Kerry Eggers, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Thu Mar 28, 2013 2:31 AM - Updated Thu Mar 28, 2013 2:31 AM 
 
 THE FACTS :  Reggie Evans  matched his career high with 22 points and grabbed a career-high 26 rebounds as the Brooklyn Nets blew away the Portland Trail Blazers 111-93 Wednesday night at the Rose Garden. 
 
 Brook Lopez  scored a game-high 28 points for the Nets (42-29), who won for the fourth time in five stops in their eight-game road trip.  
 
 LaMarcus Aldridge  scored 24 points on 11-for-14 shooting for the Trail Blazers (33-38), who fell behind 16-4 at the game's outset and trailed by as many as 30 points. Rookie point guard  Damian Lillard  scored all 15 of his points in the second half  but made only 4 of his 12 shots from the field. 
 
 QUOTABLE :  "He had three offensive rebounds in the first two minutes of the game. When everybody knows that's what he does and that has to be a [defensive] focus ? I mean, we didn't do much to take that away."  
 --Portland coach  Terry Stotts  on Evans, who grabbed 12 of his boards off the offensive glass 
 
 THE STAT : Brooklyn hammered the Blazers in both rebounds (54-40) and points in the paint (74-38). 
 
 TURNING POINT : Pretty much the opening tip. Brooklyn led by 12 points four minutes into the game and never let up until Portland was too far behind to get back in it. 
 
 QUOTABLE II :   "My numbers don't mean anything if we don't get the win. I'm happy with my performance tonight. I wanted to be aggressive from the start, and it just carried over."  
 --Reggie Evans 
 
 HOT : Evans could do no wrong, making 9 of his 13 shots from the field and going 9-for-12 from the foul line. 
 
 NOT : Perimeter players Lillard,  Wesley Matthews  and  Nicolas Batum  combined for 8-for-28 shooting for the Blazers. 
 
 GOOD MOVE : The Nets pounded the ball inside to Evans and Lopez, who overpowered Portland's interior defenders much of the game. 
 
 BAD MOVE : Batum kept popping from the outside. He finally made a couple of 3-pointers in the second half but finished 2-for-10 from the field. 
 
 QUOTABLE III : "The guys executed really well. Reggie was absurd. A lot of guys played well for us. That's a very good win."  
 -- Brooklyn coach  P.J. Carlesimo 
 
 
 NOTABLE :  The Nets had the the most points by a Portland opponent all season in both the first quarter (37) and first half (64). ... Lillard, who entered the game with a 19.1-point average, was scoreless on 0-for-5 shooting in the first half. ... At one point early in the second quarter, the the rebounding disparity was 21-3 ... The Nets were without shooting guard  Joe Johnson  (quad) for the second straight game. Johnson shouldn't be too far away from his return. "Joe is literally day to day," Carlesimo said. "It wouldn't surprise me if he could play Friday and Saturday. It wouldn't surprise me if he played in neither, though. We'll just have to see." ... Portland reserve forward  Victor Claver  returned after missing nine games with a sprained ankle, scoring two points in eight minutes off the bench. ... Brooklyn is 19-3 in games in which it scores 100 or more points.  
 
 UP NEXT : For the Nets, Friday @ Denver, Saturday @ Utah, Wednesday @ Cleveland. For the Trail Blazers, Friday vs. Utah, Saturday @ Golden State, Monday @ Utah. 
