Notebook: Nuggets 122, Kings 97 
 
 
 James Ham, For NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Dec 16, 2012 9:40 PM - Updated Sun Dec 16, 2012 9:40 PM 
 
 THE FACTS : The Sacramento Kings returned home from their four game road trip just in time to get smacked down by the Denver Nuggets by the score of 122-97.  
 
 JaVale McGee  put on a show, flying in for dunk after dunk.  The big man finished with 19 points, five rebounds and three blocks.   Danilo Gallinari  added 18 points in 26 minutes, while  Jordan Hamilton  gave the Nuggets a solid 15 points off the bench. 
 The Kings were led by  DeMarcus Cousins ' 19-point, 11 rebound performance.   Isaiah Thomas  added 20 points off the bench and  Jason Thompson  picked up a second Kings double-double, scoring 16 points and 10 rebounds in the loss. 
 
 QUOTABLE : "[McGee] was very active on the offensive glass and we got our favorite shot which is the dunk and the layup.  We also got a lot of easy basketball plays.  I think the energy was good, but the defense I think motivated us to play the right way the whole game."  
 -- Nuggets coach  George Karl 
 
 
 THE STAT : The Kings shot just 34 percent for the game, while Denver shot 54 percent.   
 
 TURNING POINT : The Kings trailed by nine points after the first quarter, 18 at the half and it only got uglier after that.    
 
 HOT :  Jordan Hamilton  came into today's game averaging just 5.5 points per contest. In the first half of this one, he dropped 15 points on 6-for-8 shooting. The Kings had no answer for McGee. The shot-blocking specialist scored 19 points on 7-for-9 shooting.  A few posters could be made from some of his dunks tonight.   
 
 NOT :  John Salmons  struggled to give the Kings anything this evening.  The veteran wing scored four points and shot a whopping 1-for-8 from the field.  
 
 GOOD MOVE : Everything Karl tried worked well, as his team looked athletic and energized. 
 
 BAD MOVE : KIngs coach  Keith Smart  had no answer for the athletic Nuggets. He tried plenty of combinations, but his team played bad defense and couldn't shoot the ball.  
 
 NOTABLE :  Tyreke Evans  started the game, but played only 10 minutes before re-aggravating his sore left knee.  
 
 UP NEXT : For the Nuggets, Tuesday vs. Spurs, Thursday @ Portland, Saturday vs. Bobcats. For the Kings, Monday @ Phoenix, Wednesday vs. Warriors, Friday @ Clippers.   
