  Sixers-Nets notebook   By Mike Radano, for NBA.com Posted Saturday November 27, 2010 10:43PM THE FACTS:   Jrue Holiday  scored a team-high 20 points to go with 13 assists and three steals in the Sixers' 102-86 win over the visiting Nets at the Wells Fargo Center on Saturday night. The Sixers led by as many as nine points in the first half but New Jersey went on a second-quarter run and led by as many as seven in the third quarter before the Sixers behind Holiday and an inspired 15:45 minutes of basketball from  Tony Battie , who scored nine points with six rebounds, to run away from the Nets a secure an easy win. Nets center  Brook Lopez  led all scorers with 25. QUOTABLE:  "It was a poor fourth quarter. They turned up the tempo of their defense. We couldn't score or defend in that fourth quarter and that's been a problem for us recently."   -- Nets head coach  Avery Johnson   THE STAT:  The Sixers had 29 assists compared to just five turnovers. TURNING POINT:  The Sixers holding a 39-30 lead with 7:30 left in the second quarter as the Nets went on a 16-3 run en route to a 48-46 lead at the half. During the run, the Nets got input from several players including four points from Lopez and five from  Devin Harris  including a 3-pointer. QUOTABLE II:  "It's sort of what we've been saying all along. Play every one out. Play it to the finish. The concern has been in the back of my head, close games - close games. I wanted to see us break through."   -- Sixers head coach  Doug Collins TURNING POINT II:  After a Harris layup that put the Nets up 55-48, Collins called a timeout with 9:26 left in the third quarter. Collins admitted that its been quite some time since he was as mad as he was during this time out but the Sixers responded with a 12-2 run that gave them the lead for good. HOT:  Sixers forward  Thaddeus Young  has scored in double digits in each of his last nine games after not doing so in consecutive games over the first eight contests of the season. NOT:  Nets forward  Kris Humphries  made just 3-for-10 from the field in 31:41 of game action. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Off the bench, Battie scored nine points with six rebounds. Collins was quick to point out that Battie went head-to-head with Lopez and was also a key in slowing the Nets big man down after he scored 17 first-half points ROOKIE WATCH:  Sixers guard  Evan Turner  continued his recent struggles as he went 2-for-8 from the field. Turner, the No. 2 pick in last year's Draft, has had some trouble finding a role in the Sixers' offense since the return of  Andre Iguodala  from tendinitis in his right Achilles. NOTABLE:  The Sixers have yet to come out on the winning side of a game decided by single digits. They are in 0-9 in games decided by nine or less points . . . The win snapped a three-game losing streak for the Sixers and is the second straight win at home . . . The Sixers will play eight of their next nine games at the Wells Fargo Center after opening the year with 10 of 16 games on the road . . . The Sixers out rebounded the Nets 45-39 and have out rebounded opponents in their last seven games by an average of 2.6 rpg . . . The two teams combined for 11 turnovers, the lowest combine total since the Cavaliers and nets combined for 11 in March of 2009. UP NEXT:  For the Nets, Sunday vs. Portland, Tuesday @ New York, Wednesday vs. Oklahoma City. For the Sixers, Tuesday vs. Portland, Friday @ Atlanta, Saturday vs. Charlotte.  