Notebook: Timberwolves 111, Nets 81 
 
 
 Peter Kapsner for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Nov 23, 2013 12:00 AM - Updated Sat Nov 23, 2013 12:00 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Minnesota Timberwolves beat  Kevin Garnett  for the first time since he left Minnesota, this time in his forst trip as a Brooklyn Net. 
 
 THE LEAD:  The Timberwolves destroyed the Nets, defeating them to 111-81 at Target Center Friday night. A balanced Wolves (8-6) attack saw all five starters score in double-figures, led by  Kevin Love  and  Kevin Martin  with 17.  Nikola Pekovic  and  Corey Brewer  had 15 points each. Love also added 16 rebounds for his 13th double-double of the season.   Andray Blatche  led the Nets with 16 points.  
 Playing without four key players, the Nets were never in the contest. They trailed by 16 after one quarter and were down by as many as 37 in the fourth. Brooklyn is now 3-9 on the year and do not look competitive in a season in which they expected to challenge the Heat and Pacers in the East. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "They are missing a lot of these great pieces.....starting point guard and their center. They have five All-Stars that are starting but two of them are gone. Then  Andrei [Kirilenko]  is not there and  [Jason] Terry  didn't play."  
 --Wolves coach  Rick Adelman 
 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Hard to find a turning point in a game dominated by the Wolves from start-to-finish. Perhaps the pivotal moment came when the Nets announced  Brook Lopez, Deron Williams , Kirilenko, and Terry were all out. 
 
 THE STAT:  Love had 11 rebounds in the first quarter alone. Love tacked on nine points in the frame, nearly notching a double-double in just 12 minutes of action. The all-time record for rebounds in a quarter is 18 by  Nate Thurmond  of the San Francisco Warriors in 1965.  
 
 HOT:  Brewer, in his return to the team that drafted him, is averaging a career-best 14.2 points per game while playing lock-down defense. In addition, Brewer is averaging a league best 7.1 fastbreak points per game, in large part due to Love's outrageous outlet passes.  Allen Iverson  is the only player in the past 15 years near this pace, with 6.96 fastbreak points per game in the 2000-01 season.  
 
 NOT:  The miserable season continues for  Paul Pierce,  who scored just four points and is averaging a career-low 13.1 on the season. Pierce could not get separation from his defender, lacked explosiveness to the lane and had no real conviction with his jump shot. It was already the third time this season Pierce has scored in single digits. He scored in single digits just four times all of last season -- and never fewer than seven. 
 
 QUOTABLE II : "I'm just struggling right now. Simple and plain. I think I'm getting great looks. I gotta be able to knock them down. I [have to] be able to step up with these guys out and I gotta play better basketball."   
 --Brooklyn's Paul Pierce 
 
 GOOD MOVE : Adelman brought in  J.J. Barea  early in the first quarter after  Ricky Rubio  committed his second foul. Barea led a solid attack for the Wolves over the next 12 minutes and finished with eight points during that stretch. Barea is now averaging over 12 points a game over the past six, providing the Wolves much-needed stability off the bench. 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  The loudest cheer of the night came with 5:41 left in the first quarter when the Timberwolves showed highlights of Garnett's career in Minnesota. Garnett stood up and acknowledged the crowd, pounding his chest to show his love for, as he likes to say, 'Sota. 
 
 QUOTABLE III : "KG is such a great player. Everybody respects him. What he's done in his career speaks for itself."  
 --Minnesota's Kevin Martin reflecting on Garnett. 
 
 NOTABLE:  The Nets have not used the same starting lineup in consecutive games over the past six contests.....Forward  Chase Budinger , a key off-season signing for the Wolves, remains several week away from returning from knee surgery. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Wolves, Saturday @ Houston, Monday @ Indiana, Wednesday vs. Denver.  For the Nets, Sunday vs. Detroit, Tuesday @ Toronto, Wednesday vs. L.A. Lakers. 
