
 Sixers-Raptors Notebook   By Holly J. MacKenzie, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday January 26, 2011 10:48PM THE FACTS:  On Wednesday night at the Air Canada Centre the Philidelphia 76ers won their third straight game, taking down the Toronto Raptors, 107-94. Philadelphia had seven players in double figures and were led by  Marreese Speights  who was sensational off of the bench. Speights scored a season-high 23 points while  Lou Williams ,  Jrue Holiday  and  Andre Iguodala  each added 15 points.  DeMar DeRozan  led the Raptors with 29 points. QUOTABLE:  "On the scouting report we knew they were going to play some zone and we knew where the weaknesses were inside of that zone and we just attacked it and it worked for us."   -  Williams  on being prepared for the Raptors zone THE STAT:  Speights is averaging 5.4 points per game this season. Against the Raptors, he scored a season-high 23 points to go along with nine rebounds (six offensive) in just 17 minutes of play off of the bench. The Sixers bench outscored Toronto's reserves, 58-17 in the game. TURNING POINT:  After leading by nine at the end of the first quarter, the Raptors went to a zone defense in the second quarter and the Sixers broke it down repeatedly. While the game was tied at 50 after the first half, things unraveled for Toronto midway through the third quarter. Trailing by two, the Raptors allowed the Sixers to go on a 9-0 run, putting them ahead by 11. The run started and finished with a 3-pointer from Lou Williams. After falling behind by double figures, the Raptors wouldn't get any closer than seven for the rest of the game. QUOTABLE II:  "It was pretty easy. The zone wasn't that hard to break so we just went out there and played basketball...It was kind of easy."   -  Speights  on his 17-point second quarter and breaking Toronto's zone HOT:  Holiday picked up his ninth double-double of the season with a 15-point, 11-assist effort in the victory. NOT:   Jodie Meeks  was scoreless from the floor against the Raptors, shooting 0-for-5 from the floor and finishing the game with just two points, a rebound and an assist in 20 minutes. ROOKIE WATCH:  After going scoreless against the Raptors during their first meeting in Toronto, Sixers rookie  Evan Turner  had a much better game this time around. Turner finished with 10 points on 3-for-8 shooting and added five rebounds and three assists while hitting all four of his free throw attempts. NOTABLE:  The Raptors have now lost nine straight games.  Trey Johnson  played 12 minutes and hit a 3-pointer after being signed to a 10-day contract Wednesday afternoon.  Alexis Ajinca  was active for his first game as a Raptor and played six minutes, scoring two points and grabbing a rebound. The Sixers outrebounded Toronto, 43-33, and had a 17-9 advantage on the offensive glass. Iguodala finished with 15 points, five rebounds, six assists and three steals for the Sixers. UP NEXT:  For the Sixers, Friday vs. Memphis, Sunday vs. Denver, Wednesday @ New Jersey. For the Raptors, Friday vs. Milwaukee, Saturday @ Minnesota and Monday @ Indiana. 
