  Notebook: Jazz 103, Lakers 99 Posted Monday March 19, 2012 1:05AM By Dan Arritt, for NBA.com     THE FACTS:  It seemed the only ones who could stop  Andrew Bynum  and  Pau Gasol  were their own teammates. And they did, as  Kobe Bryant  had his worst shooting night in more than seven years and the Lakers committed 24 turnovers through three quarters Sunday night in the 103-99 loss to the Jazz at Staples Center, ending a 10-game home winning streak. QUOTABLE:  "You have nights like this every now and then. I couldn't make a shot."   -- Bryant THE STAT:  Taking advantage of their immense size advantage up front, Bynum shot 12-for-14 from the floor and scored a season-high 33 points with 11 rebounds. Gasol, the other 7-footer in the starting lineup, scored 18 points on 8-for-12 shooting and grabbed 10 rebounds. Bryant, on the other hand, shot 3-for-20 and scored 15 points, his worst shooting performance since going 2-for-16 and scoring 11 points in an 82-72 loss to the Grizzlies and Gasol on Dec. 20, 2004. TURNING POINT:  The Lakers cut a 10-point fourth-quarter deficit to three on a tip in by  Matt Barnes  with 56 seconds remaining.  Paul Millsap  then drove to the basket on Barnes and scored on a reverse layup as he was fouled. He converted the free throw to push the lead back to six. Bryant converted his own 3-point play at the other end with 33.2 seconds left and Barnes then blocked Millsap's shot with 12 seconds remaining. Bryant grabbed the loose ball and dribbled the ball up the floor, but missed on off-balance 26-foot 3-pointer with one second left and that was the game. HOT:  Bynum wasn't the only player on the floor who was delivering his best offensive game of the season. Utah rookies  Enes Kanter  and  Alec Burks  each scored a career-high 17 points off the bench. Kanter filled in nicely for  Al Jefferson , who missed the game for personal reasons, shooting 6-for-7 from the floor and grabbing eight rebounds in 23 minutes. Burks, picking up minutes for  Raja Bell , who was sidelined with a strained adductor muscle, helped slam the door on the Lakers by scoring 13 points in the fourth quarter on 6-for-6 shooting. NOT:  The Lakers committed 10 turnovers in the opening quarter, had 17 at the half and 24 heading into the final quarter. Amazingly, they quit turning the ball over at that point, but the damage had already been done, as the Jazz scored 22 points off giveaways. Lakers point guard  Ramon Sessions , in his second game since coming over from the Cavaliers in a trade for  Luke Walton  and  Jason Kapono , missed six of seven field-goal attempts. GOOD MOVE:  On their opening possession of the second half, the Lakers took their final lead of the game on a basket by Gasol. The Jazz answered quickly, however, as Millsap received the ball with his back to the basket and made a no-look bounce pass behind him to center  Derrick Favors , who laid the ball in for a 47-46 lead and Utah never trailed again. BAD MOVE:  Lakers coach  Mike Brown  said before the game that he would continue to start  Steve Blake  over Sessions "for the foreseeable future." The Lakers are clearly two different teams when Sessions is on the floor. L.A. committed four turnovers the first 5:40 of the game, and 14 of 17 overall when Blake was on the floor in the first half. Blake finished with no points, two assists and two turnovers in 27 minutes. Sessions had 10 points, six assists and no turnovers in 23 minutes. Brown might need to think twice about his decision to start Blake. NOTABLE:  Lakers small forward  Metta World Peace  left in the third quarter with bursitis in his hip and did not return. He scored three points in 19 minutes. ... Millsap had five more steals, giving him 36 in the last 10 games. UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Tuesday @ Houston, Wednesday @ Dallas, Friday vs. Portland. For the Jazz, Tuesday vs. Oklahoma City, Thursday @ Sacramento, Friday vs. Denver.  