  Notebook: Kings 116, Wolves 108 Posted Tuesday April 3, 2012 1:54AM By James Ham, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The Timberwolves gave a valiant effort through three quarters tonight in Sacramento, but injuries finally caught up them. Trailing by only one going to the fourth quarter, the depleted Wolves faded, while the Kings stepped on the gas. In front of their home crowd, the Kings won for just the second time in the last seven games, by a score of 116-108. Tyreke Evans  led the way for the Kings. The versatile wing scored 24 points, grabbed 10 rebounds and handed out seven assists. Big man  DeMarcus Cousins  finished with 20 points and nine rebounds, while rookie point guards  Jimmer Fredette  (19) and  Isaiah Thomas  (17), combined for 36 big points in the win. The Timberwolves would be lost without All-Star  Kevin Love . The former UCLA Bruin scored a team-high 23 points, but finished with an uncharacteristically low rebound total of seven.  Brad Miller  started for the first time this season, scoring 11 points and grabbing six rebounds in 22 minutes. After missing the last seven games with bone spurs in his ankles,  Nikola Pekovic  had an efficient 17 points in 19 minutes on 7-for-8 shooting. QUOTABLE:  "We had to break their will a couple of times. But they kept fighting and I was just glad to contribute and get a good win for our team."   -- Fredette on his big game THE STAT:  Although they lost, the Timberwolves hit 11 of their 21 (52 percent) 3-point attempts on the night. Love and Miller combined to hit 6-for-9 from deep -- not bad for your starting power forward and center combo. TURNING POINT:  The Wolves just ran out of gas late in this one. When the fourth quarter started, the Kings jumped all over them early and then coasted to the win. Even when the game got to within five or six points, it still felt like it was over. QUOTABLE II:  "He runs from one side of the floor to go and encourage everyone. He is a huge team guy."    --  Keith Smart  on the newest King, forward  Terrence Williams HOT:  Veteran center Brad Miller turned back the clock tonight in Sacramento. Playing in his 14th and final season, Miller received a hero's welcome from the Kings faithful. With no one else to turn to,  Rick Adelman  called on No. 52 to start and he didn't disappoint. After scoring a measly 10 points the entire season, Miller scorched his former team for 11 in the first half. The big man out of Purdue went 4-for-5 from the field and 3-for-3 from long range, all before intermission. NOT:  The Wolves were down more than a few men tonight and they needed a big game out of  Luke Ridnour . While the veteran point guard scored 13 points and handed out six assists, he shot only 5-for-14 from the field before leaving the game with a right ankle injury. GOOD MOVE:  Signing Williams for the rest of the season was a great move by the Kings. His ability to push the tempo and find open teammates is earning him minutes and respect from everyone in the building. He has clearly found a niche in Sacramento. NOTABLE:  The already wounded Timberwolves lost yet another major contributor early in the fourth quarter when Ridnour went down with a right ankle injury. He left the building with the aid of a crutch and acknowledged that the injury did not look good as he headed for the team bus. UP NEXT:  For the Timberwolves, Wednesday vs. Golden State, Saturday @ New Orleans, Monday vs. Phoenix. For the Kings, Tuesday vs. Phoenix, Thursday vs. L.A. Clippers, Saturday @ L.A. Clippers.  