  Nets-Celtics notebook   By Brian Robb, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday November 24, 2010 11:07PM THE FACTS:   Shaquille O'Neal  played his best game in a Celtics uniform, leading Boston back from a 10-point deficit, as it defeated the New Jersey Nets 89-83 at TD Garden. On a night when The Big Three struggled with their shot for the better part of three quarters, O'Neal carried the load, posting a season-high 25 points and 11 rebounds.  Devin Harris  posted 20 points for New Jersey in the loss. Despite the win, Boston's bench unit took a major hit, as guard  Delonte West  broke his right (non-shooting) wrist. He is expected to miss several weeks of action. QUOTABLE:  "This is a great team. The best team I've been on. We've got a lot of weapons on this team. On any given night, anyone can be the leading scorer, it's a very unselfish team. Great game, great team effort, we just have to keep it going."   -- O'Neal THE STAT:  The Celtics pulled out the win, but not without their struggles during the first half. After opening the game shooting 7-for-12 from the field, Boston missed 13 of its next 14 shots over the next eight minutes spanning over the first and second quarters. New Jersey turned a four-point deficit into an eight-point lead over this juncture, forcing the Celtics to rally during the second half. TURNING POINT:  Boston rode O'Neal for much of their second half comeback, but it was  Paul Pierce  who took command in the game's closing moments. Leading by just one point with three minutes remaining, Pierce keyed the Celtics' 9-1 run with three clutch mid-range jumpers and an assist on  Ray Allen 's 3-pointer, putting the game out of reach. HOT:  O'Neal continues to be the best bargain free-agent pickup at center of the offseason. Since returning a five game absence, O'Neal has been a force in the middle, averaging 13.3 points and 7.6 rebounds in just 23 minutes. The veteran center is also hitting 69.2 percent from the field over the seven game stretch, providing the C's with their best low post presence in years. NOT:  Celtics center  Semih Erden , who is fighting through a left shoulder injury, had the worst outing of his young career. The Turkish import looked lost on the floor, missing four shots in just two minutes of action, before mercifully being pulled from the game by head coach  Doc Rivers  early in the second quarter. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Nets sharpshooter  Anthony Morrow  continued his strong stretch of games, posting 18 points on 7-for-11 shooting. The former Warrior is trending upward, averaging 16.8 points in his past five games, over four points above his season average. GOOD MOVE:  With West and  Rajon Rondo  injured, and  Nate Robinson  on the bench with foul trouble, Rivers stuck with  Marquis Daniels  for the majority of the second half at the point guard position. Daniels responded, using his length to limit New Jersey's point guards offensively, while also posting a balanced line of four points,  three rebounds, four assists and two steals for the night. ROOKIE WATCH:  New Jersey power forward  Derrick Favors  had a solid, but unspectacular stint off the bench for the Nets, with four points and four rebounds in 15 minutes. NOTABLE:  West left the game at the 2:46 mark in the second quarter. The Celtics guard injured his non-shooting wrist falling to the ground hard after attempting a layup over a New Jersey defender. West also missed 16 games with the same injury while playing for the Cleveland Cavaliers during the 2008-09 season. Boston shot just three free throws in the first half. The Celtics outscored New Jersey in the paint 44-28. UP NEXT:  For the Nets, Saturday @ Philadelphia, Sunday vs. Portland, Tuesday @ New York. For the Celtics, Friday vs. Toronto, Tuesday @ Cleveland, Wednesday vs. Portland.  