Notebook: Heat 118, Bucks 95 
 
 
 Zachary Paul for NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Nov 12, 2013 10:58 PM - Updated Tue Nov 12, 2013 10:58 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  Heat forward  LeBron James  has now scored in double-figures 503 straight games. He is just the fifth player in NBA history to reach the 500 mark.  
 
 THE LEAD:  James called out his teammates for their poor defensive player, but it was his offense that led the Miami Heat to a 118-95 victory against the Milwaukee Bucks Tuesday at AmericanAirlines Arena.  
 James scored a game-high 33 points on 13-for-21 shooting to help the Heat (5-3) rebound from their last loss. Miami rebounded from a buzzer-beating loss to the Boston Celtics two days earlier by shooting a season-high 58 percent from the field. James led four players in double-figures, followed by  Michael Beasley  (19 points),  Mario Chalmers  (15) and  Chris Bosh  (10).  
 The Heat won by 23 despite guard  Dwyane Wade  taking just seven points. Wade finished with eight points, eight rebounds and five assists. Miami showed some improvement defensively by holding the short-handed Bucks (2-4) to just 41-percent shooting.  
 Milwaukee was led by reserves  John Henson  and  Gary Neal , who each scored 18 points.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "That's been a long 48 hours in this building but at least we were able to respond with a better game. I think our guys felt better looking each other in the eyes in the locker room tonight."  
   --Heat coach  Erik Spoelstra 
 
 
 THE STAT:   The Heat made 12 of their 23 attempts from the 3-point arc.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Bucks pulled to within eight late in the second quarter before took control in the third by outscoring the opposition 28-17.  
 
 HOT:  Who needs defense when the offense is this efficient? After two days of harping about their poor defensive play, the Heat had yet another impressive showing on offense. Miami opened by scoring seven straight baskets on layups, making defense a non-issue on this night.   
 
 NOT:  Whoever the Bucks used against James. Milwaukee used a variety of defenders against the two-time reigning most valuable player but the result was usually the same. After dominating the paint the first half, James expanded his game to the 3-point line in the second.  
 
 GOOD MOVE:  With injuries affecting the rotation, Spoelstra decided to go with Beasley in the first half. It was a sign the Heat are potentially trying to give Beasley more playing time on a consistent basis. He served as the energy spark in the first quarter, igniting the crowd with an alley-oop dunk from Wade.     
 
 BAD MOVE:  It was hard to fault the Bucks considering they have so many injured players. They started their third string point guard because of injuries to  Brandon Knight  and  Luke Ridnour . They also had no answer for the Heat at the rim with the absence of  Larry Sanders  (thumb).   
 
 NOTABLE: Udonis Haslem  (back) and  Ray Allen  (illness) did not play for the Heat ... Wade now has 673 career blocks and trails  Dennis Johnson  by just two for most by a guard under 6-foot-4 in league history ... The Bucks started forward  Khris Middleton  in place of Henson.   
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Tuesday vs. Bucks, Friday vs. Mavericks, Saturday @ Bobcats. For the Bucks, Wednesday @ Magic, Friday @ Pacers, Saturday vs. Thunder.  
