  Notebook: Celtics 93, Cavs 90   By Brian Dulik, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday January 31, 2012 11:53PM THE FACTS:  Small forward  Paul Pierce  scored 20 points, including a pair of free throws with 2.6 seconds left, as the Boston Celtics held off the Cleveland Cavaliers 93-90 at Quicken Loans Arena. Power forwards  Kevin Garnett  and  Brandon Bass  each added 13 points for Boston, which held a 75-53 lead late in the third quarter. Center  Anderson Varejao  powered Cleveland's comeback with a season-best 20 points and a career-high 20 rebounds, while rookie point guard  Kyrie Irving  had 21 points and six assists. QUOTABLE:  "Going forward, we need to sustain that energy that we had in the fourth quarter. We tried to come back against a good Boston team, but it's tough to do. They have a ton of talent, I mean, that's the 'Big Three' [Pierce, Garnett and shooting guard  Ray Allen]  right there. It's hard to get stops on them."   -- Kyrie Irving THE STAT:  Varejao posted the Cavaliers' first 20-20 game since  Carlos Boozer  had 23 points and 20 boards at Dallas on March 30, 2004 -- and just the 19th such performance in the franchise's 42-year history. "Varejao is just a pain in the butt with his offensive rebounding, the way he knocks down shots and keeps balls alive," Pierce said. "He's a major factor out there." The eighth-year pro also grabbed a career-high 10 offensive boards, and equaled his NBA bests in field goals made (10) and attempted (17). TURNING POINT:  After the Cavaliers cut their deficit to 89-87 with 1:18 left in the fourth, Boston coach  Doc Rivers  called a timeout and drew up a play for Garnett. K.G. promptly buried a 13-foot turnaround jumper to make it a two-possession game. Cleveland then missed its next three shots, allowing Pierce to seal the victory at the foul line with two makes that extended the Celtics' advantage to 93-87. "Tonight was about guys having the will to win," Boston center  Jermaine O'Neal  said. QUOTABLE II:  "It's good to have a game like that, but we didn't take care of our home court. We have to win more games at home. It was a tough loss. At least we gave ourselves a chance to get back in the game and tried to win."   -- Anderson Varejao HOT:  Allen had a season-high eight assists for the Celtics, along with 12 points and two steals. "I said, 'Ray, they're going to trap you all night. Tonight is going to be your pass night,'" Rivers said. "Kudos to Ray. He just kept moving the ball." ... Irving is averaging 14.0 points and shooting .762 from the field in the fourth quarter over his last three games. He had 13 points in the final 12 minutes against Boston, including a 3-pointer as time expired. ... In two games against the Celtics this season, Varejao is averaging 19.0 points on 18-of-29 field goal attempts and 14.5 rebounds. NOT:  The Cavaliers failed to score 100 points for the seventh time in eight home games in 2011-2012. They also lost their second straight home contest and fell to 3-5 on the campaign. ... Boston center  Chris Wilcox  had zero points, two turnovers and two fouls in 11 minutes off the bench. ... The Cleveland players not named Varejao combined for 19 rebounds. ... Cavaliers small forward  Omri Casspi  was 0-of-2 on free throws and 0-of-2 on two-point field-goal attempts. ... The Celtics allowed a 34-14 run after taking a 22-point lead with 2:43 left in the third quarter. QUOTABLE III:  "Varejao is always an All-Star, as far as I'm concerned. I think they should keep a spot [on the All-Star team] for a role player, because he plays his role perfectly. He had 20 points, and I guarantee they didn't run a single play for him. He had 20 rebounds, but he also kept about 20 more rebounds alive."   -- Doc Rivers GOOD MOVE:  Scott kept energy players Varejao, Irving, small forward  Alonzo Gee , and guard  Ramon Sessions  on the floor for the entire fourth quarter as the Cavaliers outscored the Celtics 32-17. His only substitution came five minutes in, when  Antawn Jamison  replaced  Samardo Samuels  at power forward. "To compete the way that we competed to get that game to two points, I thought was great," Cavs coach  Byron Scott  said. "I was very proud of the way they played, how hard they played." BAD MOVE:  Boston's starting frontcourt of Garnett, Pierce and O'Neal attempted to box out Varejao on the glass, rather than aggressively going after the ball themselves. The strategy failed miserably as the aforementioned trio had 11 total boards -- nine less than Varejao. "He has a knack of somehow coming up with the ball all the time," Pierce said. "He's probably one of the more underrated players in the NBA with how much energy he gives this ballclub." NOTABLE:  The Celtics are 5-2 without point guard  Rajon Rondo  (right wrist strain), who could return to action tonight against the Raptors. ... Bass made 6-for-9 field-goal attempts and led Boston with six rebounds. ... Cavaliers power forward  Tristan Thompson  twisted his left ankle in the second quarter and did not return. ... The Cavaliers did not have the services of shooting guards  Anthony Parker  (lower back strain) and  Daniel Gibson  (soft tissue infection in neck). ... Gee made four steals against Boston for the second time in three days. ... Cleveland shooting guard  Mychel Thompson  had eight points and four assists in his first NBA start. ... There were two calls overturned by video replays in the final minute, one in favor of each team. UP NEXT:  For the Celtics, Wednesday vs. Toronto, Friday vs. New York, Sunday vs. Memphis. For the Cavaliers, Friday @ Orlando, Saturday vs. Dallas, Tuesday @ Miami.  