
 Timberwolves-Rockets notebook   By Matt Miller, for NBA.com Posted Sunday November 7, 2010 10:52PM THE FACTS:  The Houston Rockets earned their first victory of the season and halted a five-game losing streak Sunday, trouncing the Minnesota Timberwolves 120-94 before a crowd of 15,058 at Toyota Center. Four of the five Houston (1-5) starters reached double-figures in scoring, led by  Luis Scola 's 24. b added 21 points on 9-for-13 shooting, while  Shane Battier  scored 12 and grabbed seven rebounds.  Yao Ming  chipped in with 13 points and four rebounds in 17 minutes of action. Kevin Love  scored 16 points and snatched 16 boards to lead the way for Minnesota (1-6), which has dropped its last five games overall and 12 straight against the Rockets. QUOTABLE:  "We did a much better job of finding Yao; taking it away and then coming to him and reposting him. [The Wolves] had trouble guarding him so we wanted to be sure we went to him."   --  Rick Adelman  on the mismatch that Minnesota is presented with when it faces Yao and the Rockets THE STAT:  The Rockets had 14 assists on 18 field goals and got to the free-throw line 23 times in the first half. TURNING POINT:  Houston ended the first quarter on a 16-5 run to extend its lead to 26-14 entering the second. Minnesota never recovered, as the Rockets' advantage did not dip below double-digits again. HOT:  In his last two games, Martin has shot 16-for-23 overall and 5-for-9 from 3-point range. NOT:  The Wolves struggled to find any rhythm shooting in the first half, making only 14 of 41 attempts. The one player who shot better than 50 percent from the field before halftime,  Darko Milicic , attempted only one shot. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Scola continued his red-hot start to the season with a 24-point, eight-rebound performance Sunday. The 6-foot-9 forward from Argentina has topped the 20-point mark in five of the Rockets' six games this season. GOOD MOVE:  Adelman's decision to keep Yao out of Saturday's game in San Antonio proved beneficial for Houston on Sunday. Minnesota had a hard time containing the 7-foot-5 center, who got to the line seven times and made every free throw during his first 12 minutes on the floor. QUOTABLE II:  " [Ishmael Smith]  is what the old-school guard would call a speed merchant. It's unsettling to play against guys like that ... guys who constantly put pressure on you with their speed."   -- Battier describing the Rockets' rookie point guard ROOKIE WATCH:  Smith did a solid job running Houston's offense in the first start of his career. The Wake Forest product scored seven points, dished out six assists, pulled down four rebounds and recorded three steals in 41 minutes of action. Minnesota center  Nikola Pekovic  scored 12 points and grabbed 11 rebounds (seven offensive), recording the first double-double of his career. NOTABLE:  The Rockets played Sunday's game without point guards  Aaron Brooks  (sprained left ankle) and  Kyle Lowry  (back spasms). Brooks will be out for at least two weeks, while Lowry is expected to return to the lineup next week. ... Minnesota guard  Luke Ridnour  left the game in the second quarter with a hamstring injury and did not return. ... The Rockets committed a season-low seven turnovers tonight. ... The Wolves were the first opponent to enter their matchup with the Rockets below .500. ... Minnesota is 0-4 on the road this season, losing all four games by 20 or more. UP NEXT:  For the Wolves, Tuesday @ L.A. Lakers, Wednesday @ Sacramento, Friday vs. New York. For the Rockets, Wednesday @ Washington, Friday @ Indiana, Sunday @ New York (NBA TV). 
