Notebook: Rockets 100, Grizzlies 92 
 
 
 Matt Miller, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Dec 27, 2013 12:46 AM - Updated Fri Dec 27, 2013 12:46 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  Rockets guard  James Harden  became the first player in NBA history to reach 27 points in a game while making only two field-goal attempts. 
 
 THE LEAD:  Harden scored 22 of his game-high 27 points at the free-throw line and  Jeremy Lin  poured in 14 of his 18 points in the fourth quarter to rally the Houston Rockets to a 100-92 victory over the Memphis Grizzlies on Thursday at Toyota Center.  Terrence Jones  added 20 points on 10-for-14 shooting for the Rockets (20-11), winners of three of their last four games overall and 10 of 12 at home.  
 
 Zach Randolph  finished with 23 points and 17 rebounds to pace Memphis (12-16), which had a two-game win streak snapped and fell to 0-8 against Southwest Division rivals this season after squandering a 10-point fourth-quarter lead.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I was thankful to God that I got a rhythm [late in the game], because it really didn't feel good out there. We didn't feel good out there. ... We played with desperation [in the second half.]" 
  --  Jeremy Lin  
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Rockets improved to 7-1 this season on the second night of a back-to-back set of games. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Fueled by dominance in the paint and on the boards, the Grizzlies controlled the game for most of the first three quarters. But the Rockets rallied in the final period behind an intensified inside game. After the Grizzlies grabbed a 78-70 lead with 10:11 remaining in the contest, Lin and Parsons combined to net 13 of Houston's next 15 points, sparking a 15-2 run that put the Rockets ahead for good. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I couldn't make a shot. I just tried to get to the rim. ... I just wanted to get into attack mode." 
 --  James Harden 
 
 
 HOT:  Harden could hardly buy a field goal, finishing 2-for-9. But the 6-foot-5 guard set a season high in free-throw attempts (25) and also matched  Sleepy Floyd 's franchise record of 22 made free throws.  
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "It's obvious. It was the refs tonight. Eight against five. In the second half, a man [was] shooting free throws every time. We're out there playing hard, and they're dictating the game. ... It was a horrible game they reffed tonight." 
 --  Zach Randolph  on the officials, who called 30 personal fouls on the Grizzlies, including 20 in the second half 
 
 
 NOT:  Memphis melted down offensively in the fourth quarter, relying too much on isolation and jump shots rather than the post-ups and ball movement that allowed it to build a double-digit lead midway through the third period. The Grizzlies shot 7-for-26 (26.9 percent) overall in the fourth.  
 
 GOOD MOVE:  With the Rockets making their fourth-quarter surge, coach  Kevin McHale  elected to quit attempting to match the Grizzlies' brawn and simply rolled with a smaller lineup of shooters and penetrators who spaced the floor and kept the game's pace well above Memphis' comfort zone.  
 
 BAD MOVE:  After Howard failed to avoid foul trouble in the opening half, Houston attempted to guard Randolph one-on-one with Howard to start the third quarter as well. Randolph made McHale and Howard pay for their lack of adjustments, as he drew the 6-foot-10 center's fourth and fifth fouls less than five minutes into the second half. 
 
 NOTABLE:  The Rockets have won 14 of their last 15 meetings with Memphis at Toyota Center. ... Grizzlies forward  Tayshaun Prince  returned to Memphis' starting five after missing the last three games with left knee soreness, finishing with nine points on 4-for-7 shooting and four assists in more than 25 minutes. ... The man who ranks second on the NBA's all-time blocks list, former Rocket  Dikembe Mutumbo , took in the action from a courtside seat. ... Randolph has reached 20 points and 10 rebounds in three consecutive outings. The 13th-year veteran has also recorded 14 double-doubles in the last 19 games. ... The Grizzlies are the only team remaining in the Western Conference without a divisional win this season. ... Memphis fell to 5-10 since center  Marc Gaso l was sidelined with a sprained left MCL. ... The Grizzlies are now 8-2 when leading after three quarters, while the Rockets improved to 2-8 when trailing at the end of the third. Houston also put together a fourth-quarter rally to record a 93-86 victory at Memphis on Nov. 25. ... Houston's  Donatas Motiejunas  played a season-high 23:18 off the bench. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Grizzlies: Saturday vs. Denver, Monday vs. Chicago, Thursday @ Phoenix. For the Rockets: Saturday vs. New Orleans, Sunday @ Oklahoma City, Tuesday vs. Sacramento. 
