  Bull-Timberwolves notebook   By Phil Miller, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday March 30, 2011 11:47PM THE FACTS:  The Chicago Bulls, stung two nights earlier by Philadelphia, fulfilled their vow not to take the bottom-dwelling Minnesota Timberwolves lightly on Wednesday, leading from the first minute en route to a 108-91 rout in Target Center.  Derrick Rose  scored 23 points and added 10 assists, 13 and five of them coming in the first quarter as Chicago took a double-digit lead that the Wolves never dented.  Carlos Boozer  added 24 points and 14 rebounds for Chicago, which has won 15 of its last 19 games to take over the lead for the Eastern Conference's No. 1 seed.  Kevin Love  scored 16 points in his first game back from a groin injury, but Minnesota lost its eighth straight game. QUOTABLE:  "We played off D-Rose, then made the secondary passes, made plays from there. We're trying to be unselfish. We're getting there. In the long haul, we need to share the ball."   -- Bulls forward Carlos Boozer, after Chicago created 31 assists on 41 baskets, led by Derrick Rose's 10. THE STAT:  6 -- Minnesota assists through the first three quarters, compared to Chicago's 26, a difference that illustrated each team's offensive success rate. TURNING POINT:  Bulls coach  Tom Thibodeau , annoyed by Chicago's lackluster 13-point first quarter Monday against the Sixers, made a fast start his priority during the team's shootaround Wednesday morning. The Bulls, sufficiently chastened, came out focused from the opening tip, eclipsing those 13 points in five minutes, and finished the quarter with a tone-setting 30-19 lead. QUOTABLE II:  "It looks like it's a lot of fun playing like that."   -- Wolves forward  Anthony Tolliver , on Chicago's up-tempo, unselfish play. HOT:  With Bulls fans in the Target Center crowd chanting "M-V-P, M-V-P" when he was at the free-throw line, Rose piled up 23 points and 10 assists without playing in the fourth quarter, his third double-double in the past five games. Even better, Rose followed up his 10-turnover game against Philadelphia with only one mistake vs. Minnesota. NOT:  Minnesota guard  Jonny Flynn  notched five assists without a turnover against the Bulls, but his shooting continues to spiral downward. Flynn missed six of his seven shots, bringing him to 12-for-46 in his last eight games, a 26.1 percent success rate. GOOD MOVE:  With  Joakim Noah  unable to play on a sprained right ankle, Bulls coach Thibodeau turned to little-used veteran  Kurt Thomas  to play center against the Wolves. Thomas' inside presence helped hold the NBA's top offensive rebounding team to just seven on the night, and he made three of his four shots besides. BAD MOVE:  Chicago had failed on three straight offensive possessions late in the third quarter when  Kurt Rambis  sent  Anthony Randolph  in for Love. Within 90 seconds of the move, Randolph had airballed a 20-foot jumper, missed a free throw and, worst of all, twice allowed Bulls big men to get behind him for dunks. The Bulls' lead ballooned from 18 to 24 points, and any chance at a rally was gone. NOTABLE:  Chicago moved 2 1/2 games ahead of idle Boston, and remained 2 1/2 ahead of Miami in the Eastern Conference. ... Rose eclipsed 20 points and 10 assists for the 13th time this season, which trails only  Deron Williams  (19 at the start of the night),  Russell Westbrook  (18) and  Steve Nash  (15). ... The loss was Minnesota's first at home against a Central Division team after four straight victories, and dropped the Wolves, who own the Western Conference's worst record, to 6-4 against the Central. ...  Joakim Noah  tested his ankle before the game, but was too sore to play. He hopes to return Friday in Detroit. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Friday @ Detroit; Saturday vs. Toronto; Tuesday vs. Suns. For the Timberwolves, Friday vs. Miami; Saturday @ Memphis; Tuesday @ New Jersey.  