  Clippers-Trail Blazers notebook   By Kerry Eggers, for NBA.com Posted Monday December 6, 2010 1:06AM THE FACTS:  The Trail Blazers blew almost all of a 22-point halftime lead but scored the final six points to beat the Los Angeles Clippers 100-91 Sunday night at the Rose Garden, snapping a six-game losing streak.  Wesley Matthews  scored a game-high 26 points for Portland (9-11), which hadn't lost six straight since the end of the 2005-06 season. QUOTABLE:  "We'll take it at this point. It wasn't the prettiest third quarter, but the fourth quarter we made things happen."   -- Portland coach  Nate McMillan THE STAT:  The Clippers missed 17 free throws, going 26-for-43 (.605) at the line. Portland was 31-for-36 (.861). TURNING POINT:  The Clippers had closed to within 94-91 inside the final minute until  Andre Miller  turned back-to-back steals into four Portland free throws. "Saved the game for us," teammate  Nicolas Batum  said. QUOTABLE II:  "We had to get that win. We can't go down seven in a row. It's good we had that cushion we had, but we still have to find a way to put the game away. Teams aren't afraid of us. We get a lead and they still feel comfortable."    -- Portland's Matthews HOT: Patty Mills , whose role has been garbage man until the last three games, was big off the bench, going 3-for-3 from the field -- including 2-for-2 from 3-point range -- for eight points in 10 minutes. NOT: LaMarcus Aldridge  had a forgettable night, collecting four points (on 2-for-10 shooting) and five rebounds while fouling out in 23 minutes. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT: Marcus Camby , who had no points and three rebounds in 11 minutes against Washington on Friday night, collected 12 points and a season-high 19 rebounds in 38 minutes. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Portland's  Joel Przybilla  drew a long standing ovation from the sellout crowd when he entered the game late in the first quarter. The veteran center, rehabbing from knee surgery, was playing in his first home game since the injury he suffered Dec. 22, 2009. GOOD MOVE:  McMillan stuck with Miller, who was having a quiet night, in the fourth quarter, and the veteran point guard rewarded the coach with several clutch plays down the stretch. BAD MOVE:  Clipper forward  Craig Smith , who earlier had picked up a technical foul, drew another after being fouled hard by Portland's  Rudy Fernandez  in the fourth quarter. Smith was ejected and teammate  DeAndre Jordan  -- a 40-percent foul shooter -- took Smith's free throws, making one of two. ROOKIE WATCH:  The Clippers'  Blake Griffin  was better as the game wore on, getting 14 of his 21 points and 10 of his 15 rebounds in the second half. But he was only 7-for-16 at the line. NOTABLE:  The Clippers have the NBA's worst record at 4-17 and are 0-10 on the road. UP NEXT:  For the Blazers, Tuesday vs. Phoenix, Thursday vs. Orlando, Friday @ Phoenix; For the Clippers, Monday vs. Sacramento, Wednesday vs. L.A. Lakers, Saturday vs. Memphis  