  Thunder-Warriors notebook   By Geoff Lepper, for NBA.com Posted Sunday February 13, 2011 11:42PM THE FACTS:  Second-year Warriors guard  Stephen Curry  turned in one of his best performances as a professional, supplying 23 points and 13 assists while committing no turnovers as the Golden State Warriors beat the Oklahoma City Thunder 100-94 Sunday night.  David Lee  had 23 points and a season-high 19 rebounds for the Warriors, who outrebounded the Thunder 47-33 and thrived on second-chance opportunities.  Monta Ellis  added a game-high 33 points for Golden State.  Kevin Durant  scored 29 for the Thunder, but was held to 10-for-21 shooting and committed three turnovers. THE STAT:  Two. The Warriors came into the game with the league's worst defensive rebounding percentage -- the number of opponent misses that wind up in a team's hands -- at 68.7 percent. But they only allowed Oklahoma City two offensive boards all night while gobbling up 27 defensive rebounds -- 15 of them by Lee. QUOTABLE:  "Some of them have bonuses, I guess, for rebounds -- maybe we've got to put their contracts on the wall or something, to motivate them. I think you just have to keep emphasizing rebounding. That's something we said from the beginning of the year. We dropped off a little bit here and there, but we're capable of doing that when everyone does their part of rebounding."    -- Warriors coach  Keith Smart TURNING POINT:  Curry's game wasn't limited to the offensive end. His oft-maligned defense helped throw Thunder point guard  Russell Westbrook  off his game. Exhibit A: Westbrook's technical foul with 3:06 left in the third quarter after Curry drew the second of three charging calls that went against Westbrook. Curry converted the free throw to cap a 6-0 run that left the Warriors up 70-64, and though Oklahoma City would tie the game in the fourth quarter, they never did hold the lead again. HOT:  The Warriors were not necessarily scintillating from the field in the fourth quarter, going 10-for-21, but they were hot in terms of ball distribution, with assists on nine of those 10 buckets. Ellis had four assists, to go along with 12 points in the quarter. Curry had five dishes, including a pair of particularly impressive  Steve Nash -style feeds -- in which he dribbled and wove around defenders before passing -- to  Reggie Williams  and Lee in the final 47.2 seconds to slam the door shut on the Thunder's comeback attempt. QUOTABLE II:  "He came in and controlled the game. He had two very big assists that he made by penetrating and maintaining his dribble, and not trying to throw the ball back through the middle of the floor, one to Reggie and one to  Dorell (Wright) . Two very big plays for him."    -- Smart on Curry GOOD MOVE:  With the Thunder ranked 28th in 3-point shooting, Golden State was able to gamble against the longball in order to help stifle Oklahoma City's pick-and-roll game. Curry and Ellis slid underneath screens by design, then did a good job reestablishing contact with Westbrook or  Eric Maynor  and cutting off easy access to the lane. NOTABLE:  The Thunder's total of two offensive rebounds ties the lowest ever given up by a Warriors team. Phoenix had only two offensive boards against Golden State on March 12, 1980. ...  Nick Collison  tied his season-high with 10 rebounds for the Thunder. ... Oklahoma City had been gunning for its second sweep in nine days of an all-road back-to-back set. The Thunder are now 6-4 on the second halves of a back-to-back. ... Oklahoma City has lost three straight games when playing on national television, after winning its first seven appearances this season. The Thunder are also 2-7 playing on Sundays. UP NEXT:  For the Thunder, Tuesday vs. Sacramento, Feb. 22 vs. Clippers, Feb. 23 @ San Antonio. For the Warriors, Tuesday vs. New Orleans, Wednesday @ Utah, Feb. 22 vs. Boston.  