  Hawks-Nuggets notebook   By Michael Kelly, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday March 1, 2011 12:19AM THE FACTS: J.R. Smith  came off the bench to score 19 points and grab seven rebounds and  Kenyon Martin  had 14 points and 11 rebounds to lead the Denver Nuggets over the Atlanta Hawks 100-90 on Monday. The Hawks finished 3-4 on their two-week road trip. QUOTABLE:  "When I feel like I have a team that can win the game it's probably going to stay on the court. As the game goes down to the end there are a lot of guys I can finish with and they're just going to have to live with my decision.    -- Nuggets coach  George Karl , on integrating the new players into the team. THE STAT:  Atlanta came into the game shooting 35 percent from 3-point range but finished 2-for-19 in the game TURNING POINT:  The Nuggets were trailing 74-73 early in the fourth quarter when they went on an 8-0 run, capped by Smith's 3-pointer. Down the stretch the Nuggets double-teamed  Joe Johnson  and held him scoreless for the final 5:54. HOT:   Wilson Chandler  had another strong offensive game since joining the Nuggets. He scored 15 points and is averaging 17 in the three games since coming to Denver from New York last week. NOT:  Atlanta's  Jamal Crawford  suffered through another tough shooting night, going 3-for-12 from the field and was 2-for-7 from the foul line. He is hitting just 31 percent of his shots over the last three games. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT: Al Horford  was the Hawks' horse in the paint, scoring 21 points and pulling down 16 rebounds. It was his third double-double in the last six games and 29th of the season. GOOD MOVE:  The Nuggets played point guards  Ty Lawson  and  Raymond Felton  together for the last 6:18 of the first half and they led a Denver rally that cut a nine-point deficit to one going into intermission. BAD MOVE:  Atlanta's health was a factor in this loss. The Hawks were playing without  Kirk Hinrich  because of a sore right calf and then lost its second-leading scorer,  Josh Smith  to a sore left knee before halftime. He will be reevaluated Tuesday. QUOTABLE II:  "The past two games I felt like I was getting back to 100 percent and then this happens. It's kind of frustrating, but I can't control injuries."   -- Josh Smith NOTABLE:  The Nuggets announced after the game that  Danilo Gallinari  suffered a fractured big toe on his left foot Friday and will miss 7-to-10 days. UP NEXT:  For the Hawks, Wednesday vs. Chicago, Friday vs. Oklahoma City, Sunday vs. New York. For the Nuggets, Wednesday vs. Charlotte, Thursday @ Utah, Saturday @ L.A. Clippers.  