  Notebook: Jazz 105, Pistons 90 Posted Tuesday March 13, 2012 12:37AM By Andrew Aragon, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Playing with a heavy heart the day after his grandma passed away, Utah Jazz center  Al Jefferson  had a game that would have made her extremely proud. Jefferson scored 33 points and had 12 rebounds to lead the Jazz to a 105-90 win over the Detroit Pistons on Monday night. Jefferson did much of his damage in the fourth quarter, scoring 13 of his points and helping the Jazz pull away from the scrappy Pistons. Paul Millsap  had a double-double with 12 points and 10 rebounds, while  Devin Harris  had 19 points and eight assists for the Jazz.  Rodney Stuckey  led Detroit with 29 points. QUOTABLE:  "I know that she wouldn't want me to not play. I know she wanted me to go out and play and do my job and that's what I did. My grandma is with me at all times -- both of them. They made me the man I am today. They were with me when I made mistakes and they were with me when I did great."  --  Jazz center Jefferson on playing the day after his grandma,  Gladys , died. She was 82. THE STAT:  Leading by two going into the fourth quarter, the Pistons shot themselves out of the game in the final period. They shot 3-for-13 (23.1 percent), including 0-for-4 for from 3-point range, in the fourth quarter. Their shooting woes even carried over to the free-throw line, as they were just 7-for-12 in foul shots in the fourth. They scored just 13 points. TURNING POINT:  The Jazz got momentum in their favor for good once they started running their offense efficiently and making Jefferson the focal point about midway through the fourth quarter. Jefferson made five straight baskets during one stretch, and  C.J. Miles  hit the game-clincher -- a 3-pointer with 1:07 remaining that made it 98-89. Utah closed the game on a 16-2 run. HOT:  It was Jefferson's night. He shot 14-for-18, and made six of his last seven shots. He closed the game by making the first 3-pointer of his career in the contest's final seconds. Miles sparked the Jazz off the bench with three 3-pointers and 15 points. He scored 11 of his points in the fourth quarter. The Jazz, the worst 3-point shooting team in the league (29.9 percent entering Monday's game), shot 7-for-11 from 3-point range against the Pistons. NOT:  After clashing with head coach  Tyrone Corbin  and getting sent home early from a road trip,  Raja Bell  was underwhelming, at least offensively, in his return. He scored one point, and shot 0-for-2 in 27 minutes. He did, however, contribute defensively -- especially against Stuckey -- in the fourth quarter. QUOTABLE II:  "That was the luckiest shot. I'm not going to shoot another one and mess up my percentage. I hit a couple 3s in high school, but they don't count. NBA 3s are a long way out."  --  Jazz center Jefferson on his made 3-pointer. FANTASY WATCH:  Stuckey continues to be on fire for the Pistons. He's scored at least 20 points in five of his last six games. He also padded his stat sheet with seven assists and four rebounds against the Jazz, both of which were better than his season averages. He shot 10-for-17. GOOD MOVE:  The Jazz were sluggish coming off a long road trip, but they finally got going in the fourth quarter by feeding Jefferson. He made the difference in the game by hitting mid-range jumpers, and also driving to the basket and finishing. BAD MOVE:  It was bad enough that Detroit's  Jason Maxiell  missed a dunk in the second quarter. But he made it worse when he collected the ball after his miss and attempted another dunk. His second attempt also failed, as it rimmed out. ROOKIE WATCH:  Pistons guard  Brandon Knight , the eighth overall pick in the 2011 NBA draft, went through ups and downs against Utah. He shot 4-for-12 and scored 11 points in 31 minutes. He missed six of seven shots during a stretch in the first half. QUOTABLE III:  "The first game back home is usually difficult to get going. You think you can show up and it's just going to happen and you play a little sluggish. In the fourth quarter is when we really needed it. I thought the guys did a great job of just cranking the defense up."  --  Jazz head coach Corbin on his team fighting through some early game listlessness after an extended road trip. NOTABLE:  The Pistons are 0-5 on the road against Western Conference opponents. The Jazz shot 60 percent in the first half. Utah is 9-0 when shooting better than 50 percent. UP NEXT:  For the Pistons, Wednesday @ Sacramento, Friday @ Phoenix, Sunday @ LA. Clippers. For the Jazz, Wednesday @ Phoenix, Thursday vs. Timberwolves, Saturday vs. Warriors.  