  Notebook: Pistons 96, Pacers 88   By Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com Posted Saturday December 31, 2011 9:43PM THE FACTS:  Forward  Jonas Jerebko  had 20 points and 12 rebounds and center  Greg Monroe  contributed 19 points and 11 rebounds as the Detroit Pistons handed the Indiana Pacers their first loss, 96-88, at The Palace of Auburn Hills Saturday night. Jerebko, who missed all of last season with an Achilles' tendon tear, was two shy of his career high in points,  Lawrence Frank  got his first victory as Pistons head coach after three losses. QUOTABLE:  "I feel like I'm a better player. I feel like I'm a smarter player. I feel like I shoot it better. I feel like I'm more of a threat when I get the ball. I'm just feeling more comfortable on the court."   --  Detroit forward Jonas Jerebko on his comeback from a season-ending injury. THE STAT:  20. Frank snapped a personal 20-game losing streak as a head coach. He went 0-16 in his last season with New Jersey in 2009-10. The Nets also lost their last game the previous season. His last head coaching win was a 91-87 victory over Charlotte on April 13, 2009. TURNING POINT:  The Pistons lost contact with Boston Friday when they gave up 36 third-quarter points. On Saturday, they took control after halftime by outscoring the Pacers 30-20 in the third. Monroe scored nine of his points and  Ben Gordon  added seven as Detroit shot 63 percent during the quarter. QUOTABLE II:  "I'm all about setting records. Seriously, it's never about me. It was just good for our group to experience a little success."   --  Pistons coach Lawrence Frank on snapping his personal head-coaching losing streak. HOT:  Monroe, who had 21 double-doubles after Jan. 1 last season, notched his first this season by shooting 8 of 12 from the field. He's averaging 21.5 points the last two games after subpar outings in Indiana and the home opener against Cleveland. NOT: David West  was the Pacers' main offseason acquisition but he wasn't in All-Star form. He had 10 points on 4 of 11 shooting while getting out-hustled by Jerebko before coach  Frank Vogel  benched him in the fourth quarter. GOOD MOVE:  Vogel went to a smaller lineup in the fourth quarter, pairing up point guards  Darren Collison  and  George Hill  while moving  Tyler Hansbrough  to center. That unit cut Detroit's 19-point lead to six in the final minute but Jerebko made a key steal to seal the Pistons' victory. BAD MOVE:  The Pacers failed to account for Jerebko in the first half when he racked up 16 points. He made four layups, one on a dribble drive and the others off cuts to the basket. He also found room on the 3-point arc, making two before halftime and another after the break when West didn't contest the shot. NOTABLE:  Pistons forward  Charlie Villanueva  was eligible to play after finishing his four-game NBA suspension but Frank opted to sit him until he got more practice time. ... Pacers forward  Danny Granger  scored just 11 points on 4 of 15 shooting. ... Pistons guard  Rodney Stuckey  had a solid all-around game with 15 points, seven rebounds and seven assists. UP NEXT:  For the Pacers, Monday @ New Jersey, Wednesday @ Miami, Friday @ Boston. For the Pistons, Monday vs. Orlando, Wednesday vs. Chicago, Friday @ Philadelphia.  