  Notebook: Thunder 102, Lakers 93 Posted Friday March 30, 2012 1:58AM By Dan Arritt, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  A close game Thursday night between two of the top teams in the Western Conference was blown open in the third quarter as Thunder point guard  Russell Westbrook  scored 17 of his 36 points to lift Oklahoma City to a 102-93 victory against the Lakers at Staples Center. THE STAT:  Westbrook, who grew up in nearby Long Beach and played two seasons at UCLA, continues to make a strong case to be recognized as the best point guard in the NBA. For only the second time in his four-year career, he scored 32 points or more in back-to-back games. He had 32 in a victory Tuesday in Portland. He nearly had his second turnover-free game of the season, but was called for traveling with 7:03 remaining. QUOTABLE:  "We got two tough road wins, one at Portland and one here. Now we can go back home for two big games, so it's great."   -- Russell Westbrook TURNING POINT:  The Lakers surged to a 30-18 lead after the first quarter and still led by five at the start of the third when  Pau Gasol  committed his second and third fouls just 10 seconds apart. Westbrook then drove the ball at Gasol in the lane and he was whistled for No. 4 with 9:37 remaining and the Lakers clinging to a three-point lead. Gasol was taken out and the Thunder followed with a 13-1 run to take a 57-50 advantage. Lakers backup point guard  Steve Blake  scored back-to-back baskets to keep the Lakers within three, but another 6-0 burst pushed the lead back to nine and the Lakers didn't have any more timely answers. HOT:  Thunder forward  Kevin Durant  missed his first eight field-goal attempts before connecting on 10 of his next 14 to finish with 21 points, 11 rebounds and five assists. NOT:  While Westbrook was carving up the Lakers in the third quarter,  Kobe Bryant  was hitting mostly rim. He missed all six field-goal attempts in the third quarter and shot 2-for-14 with nine points in the second half. In his previous two home games, Bryant missed his final 11 field-goal attempts last Friday in a victory against Portland, and was essentially benched for a stretch late in Sunday's loss against the Grizzlies after what looked like some questionable shot selections. GOOD MOVE:  Westbrook capped off the decisive third quarter by hitting a 3-point basket at the buzzer. He inbounded the ball on the other side of midcourt with 2.9 seconds remaining, let the ball bounce a couple time to prevent the game clock from starting, then quickly changed directions as he dribbled by Bryant at midcourt. He pulled up at the 3-point line and sank the bucket to give Oklahoma City at 78-68 lead and silence the crowd during the break between quarters. BAD MOVE:  Maybe it was because Gasol was so surprised to see  James Harden  miss two straight free throws, but he pretty much stood and watched early in the fourth quarter as  Nick Collison  went up and over him and tipped in the second miss to give the Thunder a 82-70 lead. Harden, an 81.8 percent free throw shooter coming in, ended up missing a third straight from the line later in the quarter. QUOTABLE:  "We did a great job in the second half defending. The Lakers are a tough team, especially at home."   -- Russell Westbrook NOTABLE:  Thunder backup guard  Derek Fisher , who spent 13 seasons with the Lakers during two stretches before he was traded March 15, received a standing ovation when he entered the game with 2:04 left in the first quarter. He scored all seven points in his first seven minutes, his best game with Oklahoma City ... Bryant needed 25 shots to score 23 points, Bynum needed 15 to score 25. Bynum also finished with 13 rebounds, his first game in double digits in the last six ... After scoring 22 points in the paint in the first quarter, the Lakers scored just 26 down low the rest of the way. UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Saturday vs. New Orleans, Sunday vs. Golden State, Tuesday vs. New Jersey. For the Thunder, Sunday vs. Chicago, Monday vs. Memphis, Wednesday @ Miami.  