  Raptors-Bulls notebook   By Kent McDill, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday January 4, 2011 11:41PM THE FACTS:   Luol Deng  led a full-team assault by the Bulls, leading the hosts to a 111-91 victory over the Toronto Raptors as the Bulls recorded their fifth straight win and 14th in their last 16 games. Deng had 24 points as the Bulls had six players in double figures (three off the bench) and shot 53 percent for the game.  Andrea Bargnani  scored 23 points for the Raptors in his first game after missing four games because of a sore left ankle. The Raptors trailed by 24 points early in the third quarter but fought back to within 10 points early in the fourth quarter before the Bulls took control again. QUOTABLE:  "We gave up the lead in the third quarter; that's not good."    -- Bulls coach  Tom Thibodeau , when told that he could not find much fault with the team's play Tuesday. THE STAT:  The Bulls, one of the best defensive teams in the league, had eight blocked shots and 10 steals against the Raptors. THE STAT II:  The Bulls play a 10-man rotation and showed why Tuesday. Led by  Taj Gibson's  16 points and 14 rebounds, the group of Gibson,  Omer Asik ,  Kyle Korver ,  C.J. Watson  and  Ronnie Brewer  extended the Bulls' lead in both the second and fourth quarters. The reserves almost matched the starters in scoring, 52-59. TURNING POINT:  After Bargnani made the first basket of the fourth quarter, cutting the lead to 10 points, the Bulls reserves quickly stretched the lead back to 20 points in four minutes. HOT:  Gibson had his best game since returning from a concussion, shooting 8-for-11 and grabbing 14 rebounds, six of them on the offensive end. NOT:  Korver, who is supposed to be the Bulls' most dangerous offensive player off the bench, contributed little Tuesday, with just one 3-point basket and four points in 20 minutes. ROOKIE WATCH:  Asik, the Turkish center the Bulls acquired in 2008, had a career-high 13 points, seven rebounds and five blocked shots. The Bulls traded three second-round draft picks to acquire Asik back on June 28, 2008. QUOTABLE II:  "They were monsters. Both had monster games and played great. Taj had a double-double in the first half. O came in the second half and was dunking everything. Everything he touched it seems like he was dunking the ball. It was great to watch, fun to watch."    -- Bulls forward  Carlos Boozer  on the play of Taj Gibson and Omer Asik GOOD MOVE:  Thibodeau kept most of his starters on the bench in the fourth quarter even as the Raptors staged a comeback. Only Deng played in the final period among the five Bulls starters. BAD MOVE:  Thibodeau played Deng almost the entire fourth quarter, and he finished with 40 minutes played, compared to 30 minutes for  Derrick Rose  and 25 for Boozer. Deng is leading the team playing almost 39 minutes a game. NOTABLE:  There are members of the Bulls organization keeping a close eye on the San Antonio Spurs, who were 29-4 before their 128-115 loss Tuesday against the New York Knicks. The Bulls own the league's best single-season record of 72-10 from the 1995-96 season, but the Spurs are staying in range of the Bulls' record. The Bulls started that season 41-3 before losing two in a row. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Wednesday @ New Jersey, Friday @ Philadelphia, Saturday vs. Boston. For the Raptors, Wednesday @ Cleveland, Friday @ Boston, Sunday vs. Sacramento.  