  Notebook: Spurs 101, Rockets 95   By Tim Price, for NBA.com Posted Thursday January 12, 2012 12:25AM THE FACTS:   Tony Parker  scored 28 points for San Antonio and  Tim Duncan  passed  Larry Bird  on the NBA career scoring list as the Spurs defeated the Houston Rockets 101-95 in overtime Wednesday at AT&T Center. The Spurs (7-4) remain unbeaten in seven home games. Houston (3-7), losers of five of the last six, got 22 points from  Kyle Lowry . Duncan scored 17 and had 11 rebounds (five of them on offense), and he passed Bird for 27th place on the career scoring list (21,788 points). He passed Larry Legend by hitting a bank shot -- how appropriate -- over  Luis Scola  with 5:38 to go in regulation. But Scola, who scored 20, got some measure of redemption by hitting a four-foot running hook over Duncan to tie the game with five seconds to go in the fourth and send it to extra time. QUOTABLE:  "Really? Wow. It's great. That's unbelievable. I didn't realize I was anywhere close to him. I'm still a big part of his team and I want to be a leader on and off the floor."    -- Tim Duncan on passing Larry Bird THE STAT:  The Rockets shot 65 percent (13-for-20) in the first quarter, and it looked like another long night on defense for a Spurs team that is 26th defending on the floor. But Houston shot 37 percent the rest of the way, including 2-for-10 in overtime. TURNING POINT:  Houston had a 92-91 lead with 2 ½ minutes left in OT, and the Rockets would have a chance to convert a pair of offensive rebounds over the next two minutes. Both came when Lowry found the ball underneath the basket. And though he would hit a pair of 3-pointers near the end of regulation and overtime that gave Houston life, the failure to finish off the second chances was the killer. The second one came when rookie  Chandler Parsons  could not take advantage of a mismatch over Parker with a missed shot in the lane, and Lowry could not get the follow to go down over  Danny Green  with 11.3 seconds to go. During that drama,  Richard Jefferson  hit a wide-open 3-pointer from the right corner that gave San Antonio a 94-92 margin with 1:09 to go, a lead the Spurs would keep the rest of the night. QUOTABLE II:  "I had a couple of offensive tip-ins that didn't fall. They're a great defensive team, but it happened that some shots didn't go in for us tonight."    -- Kyle Lowry HOT:  Parker has scored in double figures in all but one game this season. He established a season-high the previous night with 22 points at Milwaukee and beat it with the 28 Wednesday. Parker had 24 at the end of regulation. NOT:  Duncan showed understandable fatigue from playing 74 minutes the past two nights. He missed three-straight free throws late in the game and finished 3-for-6 from the line. He was 7-for-17 from the floor, but he had enough grit that he had a two steals and a block in overtime. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Duncan's 17 points and 11 rebounds is the second double-double this season. But even with a night off, he's not likely to get the same sort of playing time against Portland at home on Friday. GOOD MOVE:  The Rockets played  Samuel Dalembert  only six seconds in the fourth and instead went with a smaller lineup featuring Lowry and  Goran Dragic , who each played the entire 12 minutes. They quickened the pace, outscored San Antonio 5-0 on the break, and trimmed the Spurs' six-point lead to even it up at the end of regulation. ROOKIE WATCH:  Each team had a rookie coming off a big night. Parsons had 20 at Charlotte, including a pair of long jumpers on consecutive trips up the floor late in the game. He had eight points against the Spurs and missed all five of his 3-pointers. Kawhi Leonard  was 9-for-12 for 19 points and had four steals the previous night in Milwaukee. He was rewarded with his first professional start tonight and had 11 points, eight rebounds (three offensive) and a pair of blocks. Much of his career-high 37 minutes included guarding  Kevin Martin  on the perimeter, and Martin matched Parsons' 0-of-5 from the 3-point line. NOTABLE:  The only other team in the league, besides San Antonio, that is unbeaten at home and winless on the road is Milwaukee. ... Martin hit all four of his free throws and is 35-of-37 for the season. ... There was a 19-minute stretch when Scola failed to score after starting 7-for-10 from the floor and leading the Rockets to a first-half lead that would hit 12 points. He hit 2-for-11 to finish the game, but one of those was the score that sent the game to overtime. UP NEXT:  For the Rockets, Friday vs. Sacramento, Saturday vs. Portland, Monday @ Washington. Miami. For the Spurs, Friday vs. Portland, Sunday vs. Phoenix, Tuesday @ Miami.  