  Notebook: Bulls 106, Heat 102 Posted Thursday March 15, 2012 1:17AM By Kent McDill, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  With  Derrick Rose  on the bench in street clothes because of a strained groin, the Chicago Bulls defeated the visiting Miami Heat 106-102 in what everyone assumes was a preview of the Eastern Conference finals.  John Lucas , the Bulls' third point guard, led the Bulls with 24 points, making nine of 12 shots, and the Bulls bench outscored the starters with 56 points. The Heat trailed by as much as 12 points with four minutes remaining but came back to within two thanks to 19 points from  Dwyane Wade , who finished with a game-high 36 points.  LeBron James  had 25 points but only two in the fourth quarter as the Heat lost their fourth straight road game. THE FACTS II:  The Heat beat the Bulls 97-93 in Miami back in January but the Bulls played that game without  Luol Deng , who came back Wednesday from a two-game break to rest his sore wrist. INJURY UPDATE:  Rose's status is listed as day-to-day. He has missed 11 games due to three difference injuries this season. Deng returned to active duty as did guard  C.J. Watson , who missed five games with an ankle sprain.  Mike Miller  missed his second straight game due to injury. TURNING POINT:  After the Heat starters won the first quarter, 23-19, the Bulls' bench came in and outplayed Miami's second unit, winning the quarter 34-19 to take an 11-point halftime lead. Miami never could completely catch up and trailed by as much as 17 points in the third quarter. QUOTABLE:  "Y'all looking for Derrick?"    -- an unidentified Bulls player, mocking the media gathered around the locker of John Lucas III, which is situated right next to Rose's in the Bulls locker room. THE STAT:   Ronnie Brewer  and  C.J. Watson , who are usually part of the Bulls' second string, started the game in place of  Rip Hamilton  and Rose. Still, the Bulls' bench scored 56 points, with  Kyle Korver  adding 12 to Lucas' 24. The leading scorer among Bulls' starters was  Joakim Noah  with 14 points. THE STAT II:  The Bulls outrebounded the Heat 50-34. Power forwards  Carlos Boozer  and  Taj Gibson  shared the team lead with eight. GOOD MOVE:  Bulls coach  Tom Thibodeau  played Lucas 14 minutes of the second half when he scored he scored 13 of his 24 points. Lucas was so effective that Miami coach  Erik Spoelstra  moved LeBron James onto Lucas defensively midway through the fourth quarter to try to slow him down. QUOTABLE II:  "Guys on our team are the right guys. They have the right attitude and the right approach and there is a belief that we can win when we've had guys out, because the next guy steps up and does the job."    -- Bulls coach Tom Thibodeau talking about his bench players. QUOTABLE III:  "Their second unit came in and provided a spark and took the game over."    -- Miami forward LeBron James, explained what happened in the second quarter. NOTABLE:  LeBron James took the game's last shot, a 3-pointer with hopes of getting fouled in the process. The shot clanged off the rim... The Bulls, 36-9, now have a 3 ½ game lead over the Heat, 31-11, for best record in the East... Chris Bosh  was 3-for-15 from the field with three rebounds and four turnovers... the Bulls shot better from 3-point range (10-for-19, 52.6 percent) than they did from two-point range (26-for-58, 44.8 percent)... The Bulls are 8-3 without Rose in the lineup this season. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Friday vs. Portland, Saturday vs. Philadelphia, Monday @ Orlando. For the Heat, Friday @ Philadelphia, Sunday vs. Orlando, Tuesda vs. Phoenix.  