Notebook: Mavericks 105, Bulls 83 
 
 
 Kent McDill, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Dec 28, 2013 11:41 PM - Updated Sat Dec 28, 2013 11:41 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Mavericks have won two consecutive road games for only the second time this season, and have not yet won three straight away from home. They are 6-9 overall on the road.   
 
 THE LEAD:   Monta Ellis  scored 22 points while  Dirk Nowitzki  and  Vince Carter  added 18 points each as the Dallas Mavericks (17-13) ran away with a 105-83 victory over the host Chicago Bulls  (11-17) on Saturday.   Joakim Noah  had 20 points and 10 rebounds for the Bulls.  
 
 THE FACTS II:  The Bulls trailed by 30 points after three quarters, then went on a furious offensive and defensive rush to close to within 14 points with 6:30 remaining. That's as close as they got.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "The emphasis the last few days was on defense and rebounding. We outrebounded them for the game. When we defend and rebound we are a formidable team."  
 -- Mavericks coach  Rick Carlisle 
 
 
 THE STAT:  After leading 61-34 at halftime, the Mavericks shot 69 percent in the third quarter and eventually led by as many as 32 points.  
 
 THE STAT II:  Mavericks starting forwards  Shawn Marion  and Nowitzki outrebounded the Bulls' starting forwards,  Mike Dunleavy  and  Carlos Boozer , 16-7 and the Mavericks outrebounded the Bulls 39-34 overall. 
 
 THE STAT III:  The Mavericks shot 53 percent for the game, but had only one fast-break basket, while the Bulls had 11 points off fast breaks but shot 43 percent overall. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Mavericks had a 21-19 lead before running off the final nine points of the first quarter to take a 30-19 lead into the second period. The Bulls scored the first points of the second quarter to close to within nine, then Dallas scored the next nine again to create a huge margin.  
 
 INJURY UPDATE:  Bulls forward  Luol Deng  warmed up but was kept out of his fourth straight game because of a sore left Achilles. Mavericks guard  Wayne Ellington  did not travel to Chicago because of a bout of intestinal flu but is expected to join the team for its game against Minnesota on Monday.   
 
 HOT:  Carter had 14 of his 18 points in the first half when he was 4-for-5 from the field, with three baskets coming from outside the arc. Marion was 7-for-11 from the field with 13 boards and no turnovers in 33 minutes. 
 
 NOT:  Bulls guard  Jimmy Butler  was 2-for-10 from the field, with six rebounds and five assists, but also had seven turnovers.  
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Being able to take Nowitzki out of the game and bring in Carter is quite an opportunity for Carlisle. Nowitzki started slowly and Carter came in and scored seven quick points in the final five minutes of the first quarter.  
 
 BAD MOVE:  Coaches must make substitutions at some point, but Bulls coach  Tom Thibodeau  put three subs in at the same time late in the first quarter when the game was tied at 15, and the Mavericks outscored the Bulls 15-4 the rest of the quarter.   
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "When we broke the lineup, it got away from us."  
 --  Tom Thibodeau,  talking about his first quarter substitutions 
 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "We need to remember what we need to do to play this way."  
 --  Monta Ellis 
 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  Former Bulls coach  Doug Collins , who works with his son  Chris  at Northwestern University, attended the game and spent part of the pregame talking to former Bulls player  John Paxson , who is now vice president of basketball operations for the Bulls.  
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Bulls rookie  Tony Snell , who has started nine games this season, was 0-for-8 off the bench Saturday. Dallas rookie  Shane Larkin  had one 3-pointer in 12 minutes of play.   
 
 NOTABLE:  Nowitzki reached 9,000 career regular-season field goals with his fourth basket Saturday. ... With his 26 points in his last game Dec. 16 against Orlando, Deng moved into fourth place on the Bulls' all-time scoring list with 10,239 points, ahead of  Jerry Sloan  but behind  Michael Jordan ,  Scottie Pippen  and  Bob Love .   ... The Bulls have not won three straight games since winning five in a row Nov. 8-18, two games before  Derrick Rose  tore his MCL against Portland on Nov. 22. ... The Bulls have not won a game in which the opponent has scored 100 points, going 0-for-7. ... The 13 3-pointers made by Dallas were the most for a Bulls opponent this season.        
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Monday @ Memphis, Tuesday vs. Toronto, Thursday vs. Boston. For the Mavericks, Monday @ Minnesota, Wednesday @ Washington, Friday vs. L.A. Clippers. 
