  Hornets-Nets notebook   By Jake Appleman, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday February 9, 2011 10:44PM THE FACTS:   Chris Paul 's potential game-winning 3-pointer in overtime spilled out and the Nets escaped with a 103-101 victory. The Nets rode a career-high 25 points from  Sasha Vujacic  (9-for-14 shooting) and an off night from Paul (4-for-15 from the floor) to the win.  David West  led the Hornets with 32 points and 15 rebounds. QUOTABLE:  "He texted me when I was at home visiting my family, and he said, 'Coach, I know on our off days you want us to rest -- and get our legs back and energy back -- but I really need to go to the gym and work on my shot.'"    -- Nets coach  Avery Johnson , on Vujacic's off day preparation this past Monday THE STAT:  Both teams shot over 52 percent from long range. TURNING POINT:  West missed top-of-the-key jumper forced to force the extra session. QUOTABLE II:  "Hopefully we didn't cause any heart attacks."    -- Sasha Vujacic, on the cardiac Nets FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:   Jordan Farmar  returned from injury and pitched in eight points and 11 assists. INSIDE THE ARENA:  NFL great  Carl Banks  of the New York Giants sat baseline courtside...New Jersey native and film director  Kevin Smith  was shown on the Jumbotron during the third quarter. ROOKIE WATCH:   Derrick Favors  (four points, five rebounds) had an off night on the offensive end and struggled to contain West on defense.  Quincy Pondexter  was benched and did not play for the Hornets. NOTABLE:  Very late in the first quarter,  Kris Humphries  (14 points, 15 rebounds) converted a lucky flip shot that caromed off the top of the backboard and in...Paul went the entire first half without scoring, while  Willie Green  started 5-for-5 from the field and tallied a season-high 19 points... Aaron Gray  (10 points, 11 rebounds) recorded his second double-double of the season. UP NEXT:  For the Hornets, Friday @ Orlando, Saturday vs. Chicago, Tuesday @ Golden State. For the Nets, Friday @ Charlotte, Saturday vs. New York, Monday vs. San Antonio.  