Notebook: Warriors 93, Hornets 72 
 
 
 Bradley Handwerger, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Mon Mar 18, 2013 11:16 PM - Updated Mon Mar 18, 2013 11:42 PM 
 
 THE FACTS :  A night after taking a 30-point win, the Golden State Warriors kept rolling with another big margin, defeating the New Orleans Hornets 93-72 Monday night. 
 
 Stephen Curry  led the way with 30 points,  David Lee  added 20 points and 11 rebounds and  Klay Thompson  put up 13 points as the Warriors (39-30) shot 50 percent for the game. 
 New Orleans (22-46) led early and kept pace, but without  Eric Gordon  (back-to-back game restriction),  Jason Smith  (shoulder) and  Austin Rivers  (hand), the Hornets couldn't keep up for the entire game. After shooting 44 percent in the first quarter, New Orleans went just 20-for-65 in the final three periods. Both teams were playing the second games of back-to-backs, but while the Warriors cruised to an easy win Sunday, the Hornets were in their game at Minnesota until the final seconds. And their weariness showed. 
 
 Ryan Anderson  led New Orleans with 21 points and nine rebounds, while  Anthony Davis  recorded 16 points and seven rebounds. 
 It was Golden State's ability to push the pace on turnovers and play efficiently otherwise that was the difference in the game. The Warriors scored nine fast-break points and turned 14 Hornets' turnovers into 10 points. The Warriors three-game road swing will now take them to Western Conference-leading San Antonio on Wednesday. The Hornets, meanwhile, will try to stop a four-game slide at home against Boston the same night. 
 
 QUOTABLE :  "Going into the playoffs and going late into the season, we need to be playing at our best. A lot of teams peak early and finish not so great. I think that we're doing a good job of peaking right now. We've had two big wins. We've got to just keep it up."  
 --Warriors forward  Carl Landry  on what the last two wins mean for Golden State 
 
 THE STAT : 10-for-19. The Warriors entered the game leading the NBA in 3-point shooting percentage at 39.8 percent. They bettered that Monday night, going 10-for-19 from long range, 52.6 percent.  
 
 TURNING POINT : New Orleans took a 34-30 lead on  Greivis Vasquez 's running jumper with 5:48 to go in the second quarter. Golden State would go on to outscore the Hornets 15-2 for the rest of the quarter. It started with a 9-foot jumper from  Jarrett Jack , a former Hornet, and ended with a Lee layup with just 13 seconds to play in the quarter. 
 
 QUOTABLE II : "It is a challenge to try to manufacture your offense with guys who are trying their best to do shots when we don't have a 'guy' to get it done; get the ball and go to the basket."  
 --Hornets coach  Monty Williams  on challenging his team after the loss 
 
 HOT : Golden State's Curry followed up a 29-point game at Houston with a 30-point night in New Orleans. He was 10-for-19 and was a game-best 6-for-9 from 3-point range to lead the Warriors. 
 
 NOT : With Gordon not playing because of back-to-back restrictions,  Roger Mason Jr.  got the start. He didn't take advantage, though, going 1-for-7 from the floor for just three points in 19-plus minutes. 
 
 GOOD MOVE : For the Hornets' Williams, leaving in guard  Terrel Harris . On his second 10-day contract, Harris showed athleticism and heart, possibly working his way into being signed for the rest of the season with a season-high four points, two blocks, one steal and five rebounds. 
 
 NOTABLE : Golden State's Lee had his 45th double-double of the season and now has 25 20-point, 11-rebound games, which is the most in the NBA. ... The Warriors'  Andrew Bogut  blocked a season-high four shots. ... New Orleans was perfect at the free-throw line, going 13-for-13. ... The Hornets finished with 10 steals, the 11th time this season they've had double-digit steal. 
 
 UP NEXT : For the Hornets, Wednesday vs. Boston, Friday vs. Memphis, Monday vs. Denver. For the Warriors, Wednesday @ San Antonio, Saturday vs. Washington, Monday vs. Lakers. 
