  Notebook: Grizzlies 102, Bulls 86   By Marlon W. Morgan, for NBA.com Posted Monday January 16, 2012 4:40PM THE FACTS:  Looking to atone for a 40-point loss at Chicago on Jan. 1, the Memphis Grizzlies came out firing away, leading from start to finish as they disposed of the Bulls, 102-86, before a sellout crowd of 18,119 at FedExForum Monday afternoon and a national television audience. The Bulls were without point guard  Derrick Rose , who was nursing a left toe sprain. QUOTABLE:  "We gave (the Grizzlies) their confidence early. They got great shots. They killed us on the boards. They turned us over. If you don't defend, you don't rebound and you turn it over, you don't give yourself a chance to win."   --  Chicago coach  Tom Thibodeau . THE STAT:  The Grizzlies starters set a franchise low with just 21 points in the loss at Chicago. They more than made up for that this time around, combining for 86 points, led by  Rudy Gay 's game-high 24 points. TURNING POINT:  After allowing the Bulls to scored 28 third-quarter points to trim a 27-point deficit to nine, the Grizzlies regrouped midway through the fourth quarter, using a 9-0 run to push lead back to 92-74. HOT:  Grizzlies forward  Marreese Speights  came out with plenty of emotion and aggression, hitting his first four shots from the floor, two of those being thunderous dunks. It was the catalyst for a 16-point game to go with a career-high 12 rebounds, two assists and a blocked shot. Speights also showed his improved conditioning, playing 34 minutes, one shy of his career high. NOT:  Guard  John Lucas III  filled in for Rose as a starter, but the results were no comparison. Lucas finished with eight points, five of those coming in the final two minutes, two assists and four turnovers. QUOTABLE II:  "I told him after the last game, I can see your effort improving. I can see you trying. But I need to see you expand the length of time in your effort. It's a process with him. He's learning that he's got to be tough and he's got to be physical. He can't just cry at the officials all the time. He's got to work hard."   --  Grizzlies coach  Lionel Hollins  on Speights. GOOD MOVE:  After falling behind 58-38 at the half, Chicago coach Tom Thibodeau caught the Grizzlies off guard in the second half when he used a 2-2-1 full court press that got the Grizzlies offense out of rhythm. It also produced six turnovers in the quarter that helped the Bulls trim a 27-point disadvantage to nine. BAD MOVE:  The Grizzlies finally countered that move by bringing their big men up to help with the pressure. After breaking the pressure quicker, they managed to get back into their offense, using a 9-0 run midway through the fourth quarter to regain control of the game. NOTABLE:  Chicago point guard  C.J. Watson , who was questionable before the game with a left elbow strain, was a catalyst in the Bulls third quarter comeback. Watson scored nine of his 17 points in the period. Forward  Taj Gibson  was also helpful, finishing with 16 points. ... The Grizzlies scored just 28 points in the first half against the Bulls in their first meeting. On Monday, they matched that total in the first quarter after making 14 of their 18 (.778) shots. The Grizzlies shot .692 (27 of 39) in the first half. ... Memphis point guard  Mike Conley  took advantage of Rose's absence with a season-high 20 points with eight assists, seven rebounds and four steals. Conley missed the first meeting with an ankle injury. ... The Bulls made just 1 of 12 (8 percent) of their 3-point attempts. ... The Grizzlies improved to 5-5 in games played in Memphis on Martin Luther King, Jr. Day. They are now 2-1 against the Bulls on MLK Day. ... The Bulls, who entered the game with an NBA-best record of 12-3, had their five-game winning streak snapped. The Grizzlies, on the other hand, won their third straight for the first time this season to improve to 6-6. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Tuesday vs. Phoenix, Friday @ Cleveland, Saturday vs. Charlotte. For the Grizzlies, Wednesday @ New Orleans, Friday @ Detroit, Saturday vs. Sacramento.  