  Notebook: Nets 97, Bulls 85 Posted Saturday February 18, 2012 8:01PM By Kent McDill, for NBA.com    THE FACTS:  Continuing the NBA's weekend of weird wins, the New Jersey Nets dominated the host Chicago Bulls from the start on the way to an easy 97-85 victory at the United Center, ending an eight-game losing streak. The Nets took a 22-3 lead in the game's first five minutes and the Bulls never got closer than seven points the rest of the game.  Deron Williams  had 29 points for the Nets, who also got 24 points and 18 rebounds from  Kris Humphries. Carlos Boozer  and recent D-League callup  Mike James  led the Bulls with 16 points. THE FACTS II:  The Nets joined the Charlotte Bobcats and the New Orleans Hornets in getting unexpected road wins this weekend. The Nets are actually 6-12 on the road and 3-11 at home. QUOTABLE:  "This was definitely the best defensive game of the season for us. We got going early, built a lead and didn't let it evaporate."    -- New Jersey guard Deron Williams THE STAT:  The Bulls never recovered from a first quarter that saw them shoot 32 percent (7-for-22) from the field while allowing the Nets to shoot 67 percent (14-for-21). The Bulls also shot just 45 percent (5-for-11) from the free throw line in the first quarter. INJURY UPDATE:  While Bulls coach  Tom Thibodeau  said guards  Derrick Rose  and  Rip Hamilton  continue to improve and could return to active duty soon, guard  C.J. Watson   took a hit in the face running into Humphries in the third quarter and left the game. Watson has started in place of Rose for the last five games. HOT:  Channeling his inner  Jeremy Lin , 10-year veteran and recent D-League callup James had his best NBA game in a long time, scoring 16 points with seven assists. He has moved past  John Lucas III  in the Bulls' guard rotation. James has also fouled out of the two games he has played since being recalled from the Erie Bayhawks. NOT:  Playing against a centerless Nets team (6-foot-9  Shelden Williams  starts in place of injured centers  Brook Lopez  and  Mehmet Okur ), Bulls centers  Joakim Noah  and  Omer Asik  combined to go 0-for-8 from the field and finished scoreless. ROOKIE WATCH:  Nets starter  MarShon Brooks  out of Providence had 19 points in the win. QUOTABLE II:  "Sometimes, games are won in the first quarter. Even though the Nets' record is what it is, this is the NBA, and if a team starts hitting their shots, it is hard to get them out of their rhythm."    -- Bulls guard Mike James NOTABLE:  The loss dropped the Bulls to 25-8, and put them behind the Miami Heat for best record in the East. The Bulls have a winning percentage of .757, while the 24-7 Heat are at .774. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Monday vs. Atlanta, Wednesday vs. Milwaukee, Friday vs. New Orleans. For the Nets, Sunday vs. Milwaukee, Monday @ New York, Wednesday vs. Orlando.  