
 Heat-Celtics notebook   By Brian Robb, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday October 26, 2010 11:28PM THE FACTS:  The Boston Celtics fought off a frantic late charge and held on for 88-80 victory over the new-look Miami Heat.  Ray Allen  led the way for Boston, scoring 20 points, while  Paul Pierce  returned from back spasms in the second half to score 11 of his 19 points in the final frame.  LeBron James  scored 31 points in his Heat debut. QUOTABLE:  "I thought he was out, even when he came back out [from the locker room]. That was huge. I dont know if we win if he doesnt come back." --  Doc Rivers  on  Paul Pierce  returning to the game in the fourth quarter, after receiving treatment for back spasms in the locker room THE STAT:  Miami free agent pickup  Chris Bosh  was a virtual non-factor offensively in the second half, scoring just four points on three shots in 18 minutes of action. THE TURNING POINT:  Spurred on by chants of "Overrated" from the Boston crowd, the Heat went on a 10-0 run in the final four minutes of the game to close the deficit to three points with one minute remaining. Allen put an end to the threat however, hitting a crucial three with 47 seconds left to give the Celtics enough of a cushion to hold on for the win. QUOTABLE II:  "We all know Rome wasnt built in one day. We understand that. We just need to continue to get better." --  LeBron James  on the offensive struggles of himself, and his new Heat teammates HOT:  Pierce -- The Celtics captain hit all seven shots he took in the final quarter, two from 3-point range and five from the free-throw line to help the Celtics emerge victorious. NOT:  Wade -- The Miami guard was playing in his first game since suffering a hamstring injury in the preseason and showed plenty of rust, hitting just 4 of 16 shots from the field, while turning the ball over six times. NOTABLE:  The Miami Heat scored just nine points in the first quarter on 23 percent shooting.  Glen Davis  scored 13 crucial points off the bench for Boston. UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Wednesday @ Philadelphia, Friday @ Orlando, Sunday @ New Jersey. For the Celtics, Wednesday @ Cleveland, Friday vs. New York, Tuesday @ Detroit. 
