  Notebook: Pistons 124, Kings 112 Posted Thursday March 15, 2012 1:23AM By James Ham, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The Sacramento Kings got embarrassed on their home floor for the second night in a row. After leading by as many as 16 early, the Kings stopped moving the ball and the Detroit Pistons made them pay, beating the home team 124-112. Rodney Stuckey  led the way for the Pistons, scoring a game-high 35 points on 10-for-18 shooting. He wasn't the only Detroit player to have a field day against the Kings. Veteran  Tayshaun Prince  took advantage of the smaller  Marcus Thornton , finishing with 28 points and seven assists, while  Greg Monroe  got the best of fellow 2010 draftee  DeMarcus Cousins , dropping in a big-time 32-point, 11-rebound double-double. Jason Thompson  kept the Kings close, finishing with a big 21-point, 15-rebound night. He was one of the few bright spots for the Kings.  Tyreke Evans  chipped in 23 points, but took a bad step late and appeared to sprain his left ankle, adding injury to insult. QUOTABLE:  "You want to go out there and have fun, but obviously, these losses have been heart breaking. But everyone reacts to games differently, won or loss."    -- Jason Thompson when asked about the light-hearted mood in the Kings locker room following their second double digit loss at home in as many nights. THE STAT:  The combination of Stuckey, Prince and Monroe combined to score 93 points for the Pistons. The Pistons shot 58 percent from the field and 62 percent from behind the 3-point line. I could keep going if you would like. TURNING POINT:  The Kings went flat midway through the second quarter and the Pistons made them pay. The lack of energy carried over to the third quarter where the Kings were outscored 40-23. QUOTABLE II:  "It's going to be a process. It's a process with our team to get them to become good, complete basketball players. A lot of them aren't complete yet and we got to keep working and growing them into those situations."    -- Coach  Keith Smart  on the fouling issues that plagued the Kings in the second quarter. HOT:  Stuckey caught fire in the third quarter, scoring an incredible 19 points on the Kings in a variety of ways. The powerful guard went 6-for-7 from the field and nailed all four of his 3-point shots on his way to a 35-point night. HOT II:  Thompson scored his 21 points on 10-for-12 shooting. He also grabbed a game-high 15 boards on the evening and even threw in four assists for good measure. GOOD MOVE:  Pistons coach  Lawrence Frank  could do no wrong. His starters were ready and they did an incredible job finishing off the Kings tonight. BAD MOVE:  Thornton on Prince. Prince turned back the clock tonight, but he did so on a much smaller player. Coach Smart had plenty of options sitting on the bench and he didn't try any of them. NOTABLE:  Evans officially has a sprained left ankle. X-rays were negative and he's day-to-day for the Kings. UP NEXT:  For the Pistons, Friday @ Phoenix, Sunday @ L.A. Clippers, Wednesday @ Denver. For the Kings, Friday vs. Boston, Sunday vs. Minnesota, Tuesday vs. Memphis.  