  Notebook: Warriors 85, Hawks 82 Posted Wednesday February 29, 2012 11:23PM By Matt Winkeljohn, for NBA.com THE FACTS:   David Lee  had 22 points and 12 rebounds to help the Warriors secure an unconventional 85-82 win Wednesday in Atlanta. With  Stephen Curry  (strained foot) out, Golden State coach  Mark Jackson  slid  Monta Ellis  over to point guard and started 6-foot-9 forward  Dominic McGuire  at shooting guard. Ellis scored 24 points with eight assists and McGuire didn't score in his second start, but he grabbed a season-high 15 rebounds on a night when the NBA's 29th-best rebounding team won the battle of the boards with a season-high 53 to Atlanta's 50. As Warriors owner  Joe Lacob  was heard to say outside his team's locker room when it was over, "It was a gritty game," and not the kind that Golden State is built to win. One of the league's top 3-point shooting teams, the Warriors made just 1-for-12 treys -- the first time this season they failed to make at least three. But Atlanta's 33.7 percent rate from the field was the lowest surrendered by Golden State -- the NBA's 21st-ranked field goal defense team -- this season. The Warriors blocked nine shots in what was the Hawks' worst shooting game of the season. Atlanta led 21-20 at the end of the first quarter, but All-Star guard  Joe Johnson  was rusty early in his first game back after missing three (including the All-Star Game) with tendonitis in his left knee and although he finished with a team-high 18 points, he made just 6-for-17 shots. Josh Smith  had 14 points and 10 rebounds for the Hawks, and  Zaza Pachulia  had 13 points and a season-high 16 rebounds. Atlanta fell to 2-5 at home after an 8-1 start in Philips Arena, however, in part because of its struggles at the free-throw line. Golden's State's final five points came from the stripe, and the Warriors made 16-for-17. Atlanta made just 16-for-26 and went 7-for-10 in the fourth quarter. QUOTABLE:  "One thing about [McGuire], he embodies everything we've preached from Day 1. The important thing as a staff was to make a statement about a guy that has done everything we've asked him to do. Putting him in the lineup, I knew exactly what I was going to get. Great defense, goes after every rebound . . . just great energy, effort, and a great job by my guys . . . everything we've talked about, he's been the poster child for that. We rewarded that. I'm proud of the way we bounched back today."   -- Golden State coach Mark Jackson, whose team was drilled 102-78 a night earlier in Indiana. THE STAT:  Two Golden State starters went scoreless, as center  Andris Biedrins  didn't scratch in 9:04, but the Warriors' bench out-scored Atlanta's reserves 32-11 as  Ekpe Udoh  scored 12 and  Nate Robinson  10 in reserve roles. The Warriors' reserves also won the battle of the boards with a 18-4 edge. TURNING POINT:  The Warriors, who fell behind 10-0 and eventually by 33 points a night earlier in a dreadful 102-78 loss in Indiana, trailed 10-2 and 12-4 in the first quarter, but Ellis scored five straight points and Lee had a dunk to pull Golden State within one. The Warriors caught the Hawks a couple times later in the period, and ended the period down one, but after  Brandon Rush  made his only basket of the night -- a jumper with 10:37 left in the second quarter to give Golden State a 24-23 lead, the Warriors never trailed not were tied again. Atlanta came within a point in the third quarter, and again in the fourth, but the Warriors held off the home team. QUOTABLE II:  "We shot a lot of jumpshots, and we weren't making it . . . [and] I thought we missed a lot of point-blank shots with nobody around. It was definitely a tough loss for us."   -- Atlanta's Joe Johnson. HOT:  McGuire pulled down a season-high 11 rebounds as Golden State outrebounded Atlanta 33-18 on the way to a 48-38 halftime lead. McGuire's career high for rebounds came last season, when he grabbed 17 -- also in Atlanta. The 6-foot-9 forward entered Wednesday's game averaging 2.8 rebounds this season and carried a career average of 3.4 into the season. . . . Ellis had seven of his eight assists in the first half. NOT:  The Hawks made just 7-for-25 shots in the final period, when Josh Smith made just 2-for-11 shots. GOOD MOVE:  Putting McGuire in the starting lineup looks like genius. ROOKIE WATCH:  Golden State guard  Klay Thompson , who leads rookies in 3-point shooting percentage at 44.3 didn't attempt one, but he pulled in a season- (and career-) high eight rebounds. NOTABLE:  Hawks reserve  Tracy McGrady , who has not played much recently, missed both his shots in the first half and made 1-for-4 free throws. He did not play in the second half. . . . Hawks center  Al Horford , out since Jan. 11 with a torn pectoral muscle, hopes to begin rehabing this week. He said he also hopes to play again this season. . . . Hawks reserve center  Jason Collins , out with a sprained left elbow, also hopes to begin more aggressive rehab this week. . . . Curry, who missed Tuesday's game in Indianapolis with the strained foot, participated in the shootaround and entered the game -- ostensibly as a decoy -- on an inbounds play in the final minute of the contest. He did not touch the ball and logged three seconds. Lee received the inbounds pass, drove and scored over Pachulia on the play. UP NEXT:  For the Warriors, Friday @ Philadelphia, Sunday @ Toronto, Monday @ Washington. For the Hawks, Friday vs. Milwaukee, Saturday vs. Oklahoma City, Tuesday @ Indiana.  