Notebook: Heat 102, Nets 89 
 
 
 Zachary Paul, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Dec 01, 2012 11:00 PM - Updated Sat Dec 01, 2012 11:09 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:  The Miami Heat defeated the Brooklyn Nets 102-89 Saturday night at AmericanAirlines Arena.  
 Guard  Dwyane Wade  scored a season-high 34 points and had seven assists to lead the Heat. The Heat trailed most of the first half before taking control in the third quarter. Miami shot 51 percent against a Nets team that had held opponents to 90 points a game.  
 With Wade handling the scoring load,  LeBron James  was able to have somewhat of an off night. James finished with 21 points on 8 of 15 shooting. He also had nine rebounds and six assists.  
 The Heat rallied from a 14-point, first-half deficit behind the play of James and Wade. They also received a lift off the bench from  Ray Allen  (13 points) and  Norris Cole  (12 points).  
 The Nets were led by  Andray Blatche , who finished with a team-high 20 points and eight rebounds.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "This was a step forward game for us. It was good to see our guys connected again. We didn't necessarily play great basketball in the first half but in the some ways this was our best win. This was our best game in terms of connection, communication and commitment to each other." -- Heat coach  Erik Spoelstra . 
 
 THE STAT:   Wade shot 14 of 20 from the field.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  Trailing 73-65, the Heat shifted momentum with an 8-0 run to tie the score. They went ahead for good on Wade's breakaway dunk with 2:31 left in the third quarter. 
 
 HOT:  Two days after  Charles Barkley  said on TNT that Wade needed to learn to play below the rim, the Heat guard responded with his best game of the season. Although Wade impressed with his efficiency, it was his energy that best showed he's far from being considered an "old" player.   
 
 NOT:  While  Deron Williams  hurt the Heat in the first half as a distributor, the Nets need more from him as a scorer. Williams struggled from the field for the most part. Much of it could be attributed to the defense of James and Cole.  
 
 GOOD MOVE:  James has often been criticized for deferring, but he made the right call to turn the game over to Wade. With Wade going strong, it enabled James to take on the role of secondary scorer and primary facilitator.    
 
 BAD MOVE:  The Nets played more like that other team from New York. They got a little too comfortable at the 3-point line instead of utilizing their size advantage on the inside, finishing 6 of 28 from the arc.  
 
 NOTABLE:  The Nets were without center  Brook Lopez , who missed his second straight game with a sore foot ... Heat forward  Shane Battier  missed his second consecutive game with a sprained right knee ... The Heat are 8-0 at home this season ... The Heat became just the sixth opponent to score at least 100 points against the Nets ... Brooklyn has lost 12 straight to the Heat.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Tuesday @ Wizards, Thursday vs. Knicks, Saturday vs. Hornets. For the Nets, Tuesday vs. Thunder, Friday vs. Warriors, Sunday vs. Bucks.   
