  Pacers-Heat notebook Posted Monday November 22, 2010 11:18PM THE FACTS:  The Indiana Pacers held the Miami Heat to 39 percent shooting in a 93-77 victory Monday at AmericanAirlines Arena. The Pacers were led by guard  Brandon Rush  and forward  Danny Granger,  who each scored 20 points. Forward  LeBron James  scored a game-high 25 points for the Heat and  Chris Bosh  added 21 points and 11 rebounds. Guard  Dwyane Wade  finished with a season-low three points in one of the worst games of his career. QUOTABLE I:  "This game was obviously a surprise to me, we didn't play well. Offensively, particularly, we didn't get into the kind of rhythm of flow. From there, we just seemed anxious and just tried to force the action. We weren't moving the ball. It really became an anxious game at that point."  -  Heat coach  Erik Spoelstra   THE STAT:  If the Heat's shooting problems weren't enough, they committed 22 turnovers. It was perhaps the sloppiest offensive performance of the season. The 38 percent shooting was also a season-low. TURNING POINT:  After trailing 22-19 in the first quarter, the Pacers outscored the Heat 35-19 in the second. The difference was the Pacers' ability to get to the basket, with Rush and Granger scoring on several easy layups. The outburst forced the Heat play catch-up, turning them into a 3-point shooting team. HOT:  Rush was 9 of 15 from the field. He made things look easy against the struggling defense, beating several defenders off the dribble for layups. Rush also grabbed seven rebounds and had four assists. NOT:  Wade had never scored below four points until tonight. There were concerns about his health before the game, with him missing the morning shootaround because of a sore wrist. It showed for the most part. He was 1 of 13 from the field. The low point came when he badly missed consecutive free throws in the fourth quarter. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Bosh continues his solid play with another double-double. In addition to shooting at a high percentage (7 of 13), he added two blocks to his 21 points and 11 rebounds. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Boxing promoter Don King GOOD MOVE:  Pacers coach  Jim O'Brien  inserted Rush into the starting lineup just before tip-off. The move was made as a counter to the Pacers learning Wade would play. It was an attempt to add more athleticism to the lineup. Judging from Rush's performance, it was the right call. BAD MOVE:  Wade, Bosh and James all logged at least 38 minutes. It's hard to place blame on Spoelstra for doing so considering the bench combined to score four points. NOTABLE:  Wade has shot 5 of 26 in his last two games. UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Wednesday @ Orlando, Friday vs. Philadelphia, Saturday @ Dallas. For the Pacers, Tuesday vs. Cleveland, Friday vs. Oklahoma City, Sunday at Los Angeles Lakers.  