  Grizzlies-Mavericks notebook   By Marlon W. Morgan, for NBA.com Posted Saturday January 15, 2011 11:28PM THE FACTS:  After missing nine games with a knee injury, Dallas forward  Dirk Nowitzki  returned to action Saturday night at Memphis. But his return was short-lived after he was ejected in the third quarter for receiving back-to-back technical fouls as the Grizzlies cruised to an 89-70 win. Nowitzki played just under 15 minutes, scoring seven points on 2-of-7 shooting. QUOTABLE:  "Without Dirk Nowitzki creating a lot of havoc, we were able to play compact and play our game and then close back out (on 3-pointers). They didn't have a real post presence that we had to deal with. They were tired from last night and basically short-handed without Dirk being full strength.''    -- Grizzlies' coach  Lionel Hollins . THE STAT:  The Mavericks, who have lost five in a row and eight of their last 10 games, shot just 32.4 percent from the floor. They were even colder from 3-point range, shooting 19.4 percent as they missed 25 of their 31 attempts. TURNING POINT:  Leading 46-36 at the half, the Grizzlies put the game away in the third quarter, holding Dallas to just 12 points (5-of-20 from the floor). QUOTABLE II:  "It's all right. It's not great. I don't think I can really move that much. Just being out there feels good. Being with the guys, I'm trying to lift up their spirits. It's been down the hill since we've had injuries. We've pretty much hit rock bottom. We couldn't get any lower."    -- Dallas forward Dirk Nowitzki. HOT:  Grizzlies forward  Zach Randolph  is making a strong case for a second straight All-Star Game appearance. Randolph scored 23 points and hauled in 20 rebounds. His sixth 20-point, 20-rebound game as a Grizzly is the most in team history, giving him more than half of the franchise's 11 20-20 games. He entered Saturday's game averaging 25.9 points and 14.1 rebounds on .539 shooting seven games this month. NOT:  Perhaps the trade rumors are starting to affect Grizzlies' guard  O.J. Mayo . Mayo missed nine of the 10 shots he took, scoring just two points in his 26 minutes of play. It was the third straight game Mayo has failed to score in double figures. NOTABLE:  The Grizzlies held Dallas to a season-low 70 points, they lowest they've held an opponent to this season. The 34 points scored by the Mavericks in the second half is also an opponent low for the Grizzlies this season, as was the 12 points the Mavericks scored in the third quarter. ... With the win, the Grizzlies became just the third team to beat Dallas twice this season, joining San Antonio and Milwaukee. ...  Sam Young  started in place of Grizzlies guard  Tony Allen  who was out with a sore left knee. Young scored nine points, but blocked a career-high four shots. ... Dallas center  Ian Mahinmi  took advantage of  Tyson Chandler  being out of the lineup with an illness. Mahinmi came off the bench and scored a career-high 17 points, making all six of his shots from the floor. UP NEXT:  For the Mavericks, Monday at Detroit, Wednesday vs. L.A. Lakers, Thursday at Chicago. For the Grizzlies, Monday vs. Chicago, Wednesday at New Orleans, Friday vs. Houston.  