  Notebook: Clippers 102, Lakers 94   By Dan Arritt, for NBA.com Posted Sunday January 15, 2012 2:06AM THE FACTS:  Round One of the new-look Los Angeles rivalry went the way of the Clippers, as the city's newest star, point guard  Chris Paul , scored a season-high 33 points before leaving late in the game with a strained left hamstring. The Clippers led from start to finish in the 102-94 victory at Staples Center. QUOTABLE:  "I should be alright. I'll let the doctors evaluate me ... I'm going to try and be ready for Monday [for the visiting Nets]."   -- Chris Paul on his injury. THE STAT:  Lakers guard  Kobe Bryant  scored 42 points, the fourth consecutive game he has totaled 40 or more. He seemed a longshot to get to that mark after scoring just 11 in the first half, but he exploded for 21 in the third quarter as the Lakers trimmed a 14-point deficit to four. Bryant scored at least 40 points in five straight games in March 2007 ... On the Clippers side, they out-rebounded the best rebounding team in the league, 57-48, only the second time this season they've out-rebounded an opponent ... The Clippers were much better on second-chance points as well, owning a 25-12 advantage. TURNING POINT:  The Lakers got as close as two points late in the third quarter, but Paul scored on a goaltending violation in the closing seconds and  Randy Foye  opened the fourth with a 3-point basket to stretch the lead to six. The Lakers couldn't get back within two possessions the rest of the way. HOT:  In addition to Paul and Bryant, Clippers forward  Blake Griffin  was his usual dynamic self, finishing with 22 points and 14 rebounds. He locked in his fourth consecutive double-double with 15 seconds remaining in the first half. NOT:  The Lakers were called for six technical fouls, three on players, two for defensive three-second violations and one on coach  Mike Brown . The Clippers converted four free throws as a result of the technical fouls. GOOD MOVE:  After getting lit up by Paul on a drive to the basket late in the first quarter, Lakers rookie point guard  Darius Morris  made a half-court shot at the buzzer to end the opening quarter. BAD MOVE:  Following a 12-foot pull-up jumper that gave the Clippers a 95-82 lead with 4:01 left, Paul grabbed his left hamstring and immediately exited the game. He was replaced by Foye. The Clippers were already without back-up point guard  Mo Williams , who sat out with a sore foot. NOTABLE:  In addition to Paul, Clippers reserve forward  Brian Cook  didn't finish the game after suffering a sprained ankle midway through second quarter. UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Monday vs. Dallas, Thursday @ Miami, Friday @ Orlando. For the Clippers, Monday vs. New Jersey, Tuesday @ Utah, Wednesday vs. Dallas.  