  Nuggets-Warriors notebook   By Eric Gilmore, for NBA.com Posted Thursday February 10, 2011 2:14AM THE FACTS:   Monta Ellis  scored a game-high 37 points, while  Dorell Wright  had 23 points, 11 rebounds and eight assists Wednesday night, as the Golden State Warriors beat the Denver Nuggets 116-114, snapping a seven-game losing streak to the Nuggets.  Carmelo Anthony  had 29 points for the Nuggets, who were without injured starting guard  Chauncey Billups , who missed the game with a strained left knee. Ellis' 3-point shot gave the Warriors a 116-112 lead with 47.7 seconds left, but Denver's  J.R. Smith  nailed a 20-footer, cutting the lead to two points. After Ellis missed a 3 with 8.9 left, Smith rebounded, but instead of calling timeout, the Nuggets pushed the ball up the court and settled for center  Nene 's 19-foot step-back jumper from the right corner that missed just before the buzzer. QUOTABLE:  "It was so weird the way the game ended. I didn't know what was going on. We were all looking like, 'What's going on right now?' because when Nene shot the ball the horn went off. I didn't know what was going on. I'm happy he took the shot, a step-back or whatever he was doing, instead of one of their other weapons."    -- Warriors forward Dorell Wright, who finished two assists shy of a triple-double, on the Nuggets not calling a timeout in the final seconds. THE STAT:  The Warriors shot 14-for-28 from 3-point range, one game after going 2-for-18 from long range in a loss to Phoenix. Ellis, who went just 5-for-20 on 3s over his previous five games, made 4-for-7 from long-range.  Reggie Williams  was 4-for-4. TURNING POINT:  The Warriors went on a 16-7 run in the third quarter, turning a 74-72 lead into a 90-79 advantage with 3:50 left. The Nuggets had to play catch-up the rest of the way. They got to within one point but never regained the lead. QUOTABLE II:  "I thought [ Ty Lawson ] had a great opportunity to attack the rim, and he kind of deferred to Nene. He got a good shot but not a great shot. I always liked pushing that play, and it didn't work tonight."    -- Nuggets coach  George Karl , on his decision not to call timeout on his team's final possession. HOT:  The Warriors and Nuggets were sizzling hot in the first half, which ended with Golden State up 70-68. The Warriors shot 58.8 (30-for-51) from the field and 63.6 percent (7-for-11) from 3-point range. Denver shot 55.6 percent (25-for-45) from the field and 50 percent (8-for-16) from beyond the arc. Both teams, though, played defense as if this were the All-Star Game. NOT:  Lawson started for the injured Billups but scored just eight points in 35:30 of playing time. He came into the game averaging 10.8 points and 24:00. Lawson also made a mistake in the final seconds, passing the ball to Nene in the right corner instead of driving to the hoop or finding a better shooter. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  He didn't score 50 points, the way he did Monday against Houston, but Anthony continued to be a fantasy league superstar with 29 points against the Warriors. In his previous five games before facing Golden State, Anthony averaged 32.6 points on 53.7 percent shooting. INSIDE THE ARENA:  The Warriors honored Hall of Famer  Rick Barry  on Wednesday night as part of Hardwood Classics Month at Oracle Arena. The team wore replicas of jerseys from the Warriors 1974-75 title team when Barry averaged 30.6 points. After the first quarter, Barry went to center court with  Al Attles , coach of the title team, and was introduced to the crowd, receiving a nice ovation. As he walked off the court he stopped at the foul line and pretended to shoot his patented underhand free throw. GOOD MOVE:  Warriors coach  Keith Smart  didn't have much choice but to put guard  Stephen Curry  on the bench after he picked up fouls three and four early in the third quarter, but he struck gold by inserting Williams into the game. Williams played the rest of the third quarter and most of the fourth, going 4-for-4 from long range and finishing with 18 points. He has made 13 of his past 14 3-pointers over the past six games. NOTABLE:  Karl said he expects Billups to return Thursday night against Dallas. He was injured in the first quarter Monday against Houston. ... Warriors F  Lou Amundson  (back spasms) and G  Acie Law  (sprained right wrist) were inactive. Law missed his fourth straight game and Amundson his third straight. ... Nuggets guard  Arron Afflalo  entered the game shooting 44.9 percent from 3-point range, but he made just 2-for-6 from beyond the arc. ... Nene returned to action after missing one game with a sinus infection and chest congestion. He scored 17 points, but only two in the second half. ... Warriors forward  David Lee  had his 22nd double-double with 16 points and 12 rebounds. UP NEXT:  For the Nuggets, Thursday vs. Mavericks, Sunday @ Grizzlies, Monday @ Rockets. For the Warriors, Thursday @ Suns, Sunday vs. Thunder, Tuesday vs. Hornets.  