Notebook: Heat 97, Pacers 94 
 
 
 Zachary Paul, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Dec 18, 2013 11:33 PM - Updated Wed Dec 18, 2013 11:33 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  Miami Heat guard  Dwyane Wade  recorded his first 30-point game of the season.    
 
 THE LEAD:  The Miami Heat trailed by many as 15 in the second half before rallying for a 97-94 victory against the Indiana Pacers Wednesday at AmericanAirlines Arena.  
 Wade scored a game-high 32 points on 15-for-25 shooting, picking up the slack for an ailing  LeBron James . King James was a game-time decision for the Heat (19-6) after spraining his ankle Monday against the Utah Jazz. He wasn't 100 percent but still finished with 24 points, nine rebounds and seven assists. With his ankle bothering him, James led the bulk of the scoring load to Wade. He combined to take more shots than James and center  Chris Bosh , who finished with 15 points and eight rebounds.  
 The Pacers (20-5) appeared headed toward taking a 2-0 lead in the regular-season series leading by five with 3:09 remaining. The Heat then finished the game with a 10-2 run from that juncture. Trailing 95-94, the Pacers had a chance to steal victory but guard  George Hill  committed a turnover when trying to make a pass to  Paul George  (25 points). James recorded the steal before getting the ball to  Ray Allen , who made two free throws.  
 The Pacers had one last shot but George missed a contested 3-pointer at the buzzer.  
 
 QUOTABLE:   "I knew that [LeBron] would be a little timid coming off the ankle early before the adrenaline starts pumping. I wanted to be aggressive early on and it lasted the entire game."  
 --Dwyane Wade  
 
 
 THE STAT:   The Heat outrebounded the Pacers 37-36. It doesn't seem like much, but the Pacers have dominated them on the boards the past three seasons.   
 
 TURNING POINT:  Trailing 92-89, the Heat got back-to-back 3-pointers from Bosh and Allen. Miami never trailed again.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We weren't able to make enough plays down the stretch. I thought both teams played great, played extremely hard. I think that their ability to get run-outs late in the fourth quarter gave them easy buckets. It was the difference for them."  
 --Pacers coach  Frank Vogel 
 
 
 HOT:  This was the first time in a while any Heat player took 25 shots from the field. The fact that Wade did it while leading the team with 37 minutes was proof the maintenance program has been a success thus far.  
 
 NOT:  The Heat shot just 5-for-21 from the 3-point line. They opened by missing 12 of their 14 shots. It wasn't until the fourth quarter before they could get it together. No player made more than one shot from the arc.   
 
 GOOD MOVE : Despite their awful 3-point shooting, the Heat kept firing away. Ultimately, two shots behind the arc from Allen and Bosh proved the difference. They were the biggest baskets of the game.   
 
 BAD MOVE:  The Pacers had a costly turnover on the second-to-last possession. It ended with a Hill turnover, but things might have been different if they set up a clear-out for George. That would have likely produced a better shot or at least a foul.   
 
 NOTABLE:  Vogel was on the sideline despite dealing with a bout of food poisoning. He was listed as a game-time decision after missing the morning shootaround ... Heat forward  Michael Beasley  missed his sixth straight game with a strained hamstring ... James said he will receiving on the ankle Thursday, but expects to play Friday.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Friday vs. Kings, Monday vs. Hawks, Wednesday @ Lakers. For the Pacers, Friday vs. Rockets, Sunday vs. Celtics, Monday @ Nets.  
