  Raptors-Bobcats notebook   By Derek S. Smith, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday February 22, 2011 10:37PM THE FACTS: D.J. Augustin  scored a game-high 23 points and  Gerald Wallace  added 20 as the Charlotte Bobcats downed the Toronto Raptors 114-101 Tuesday night at Time Warner Cable Arena.  Sonny Weems  led the Raptors with 19 points while  Andrea Bargnani  added 18 in the loss. QUOTABLE:  The All-Star break gave everyone a chance to rest and now it's time for us to to push for the playoffs. I'm still a little sore, but I just to have to play through. It felt good to be out there tonight. Home court has been an advantage for us and it's really important that we take care of that in these next few games.   -- Augustin THE STAT:  Free throws. The Bobcats came out Tuesday night with a lot of energy and aggressive play. This showed itself at the free throw line. Charlotte took 42 free throws on the night and made 34 of them. Wallace himself was 14-for-15 from the charity stripe. TURNING POINT:  Second quarter woes. Charlotte used a 9-2 run midway through the second quarter to push past the Raptors.  Gerald Henderson  capped the run with a layup which pushed the Bobcats' lead to double figures for the first time on the night. The Raptors finished the quarter with just 17 points and shot 36.8 percent with six of their 15 turnovers. HOT:  Augustin came out of the All-Star break with a bang. The Bobcats point guard had a game-best 23 points with eight assists and didn't commit a turnover in 36 minutes of action. Augustin limped into the break with a sore left wrist and just 20 points total in the four games leading up to All-Star Weekend. Augustin came out of the gates on fire with 11 points in the opening 12 minutes of action and led the Bobcats to the important victory. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:   Boris Diaw.  The Bobcats forward is frustrating at times to head coach  Paul Silas . However, Tuesday night he showed his versatility all over the floor. Diaw finished the night with 16 points, nine assists, four steals, one block and three rebounds and added a rare dunk as well. INSIDE THE ARENA:   Roy Williams , coach of the North Carolina Tar Heels, was seated courtside Tuesday night to watch former Tar Heel  Ed Davis , who played at UNC. Team owner  Michael Jordan  was also back courtside next to the team bench. ROOKIE WATCH:  Davis, the rookie from the University of North Carolina, scored eight points, grabbed seven rebounds and blocked two shots for Toronto.  Solomon Alabi  was a DNP-CD for the Raptors. NOTABLE:   Stephen Jackson  left the game in the third quarter with a left hamstring strain and did not return. He is expected to be ready to play Friday night against Sacramento. Jackson netted 13 points despite the injury. ... Augustin scored 20 or more for the 14th time this season. ... Raptors guard  Jerryd Bayless  had his second double-double of the year with an 11-point, 10-rebound outing. ...  Andrea Bargnani  was in double figures for the 20th time this season, but had his six-game streak of 20 or more points snapped. ... The Bobcats are now 7-1 when scoring 100 or more points. ... The Raptors have not won on the road since a win in Cleveland on Jan. 5. UP NEXT:  For the Raptors, Wednesday vs. Chicago, Friday vs. Phoenix, Sunday vs. Dallas. For the Bobcats, Friday vs. Sacramento, Sunday @ Orlando, Wednesday @ Denver.  