Notebook: Nuggets 102, Warriors 91 
 
 
 Michael Kelly, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Nov 24, 2012 1:17 AM - Updated Sat Nov 24, 2012 1:17 AM 
 
 THE FACTS: Andre Iguodala  scored 21 of his season-high 29 points in the second half and the Denver Nuggets came out strong after intermission to beat the Golden State Warriors 102-91 on Friday night. 
 
 Ty Lawson  had 18 points and nine assists and played tight defense to hold  Stephen Curry  to six points. 
 
 David Lee  led the Warriors with 21 points and 10 rebounds.  Carl Landry  scored 19 points off the bench for the Warriors. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We're not a great defensive team but after 13 games we've won more games with our defense than our offense."  -- Nuggets coach  George Karl . 
 
 THE STAT:  Curry came into Friday averaging more than 15 shots per game but put up only five. Foul trouble and Lawson kept him from being a force against the Nuggets.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Nuggets wasted no time in taking control of this one. They ran off the first 15 points of the third quarter to turn a six-point deficit into a 62-53 lead. In the fourth they reeled off nine straight points to take a 17-point lead, their biggest of the game, and put it away. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "They came out with a 15-0 run and we didn't have another punch back at them. The third quarter has been our nemesis. When we play well in the third we win and when we don't, we don't win." -- Curry.  
 
 HOT: Klay Thompson  made up for Curry's lack of offense in the first half by hitting 4 of 5 from 3-point range and helping to carry the Warriors with 16 points before intermission. It was a strong start after a 23-point performance against Brooklyn on Wednesday, but he couldn't sustain it, going scoreless in the second half 
 
 NOT:  Curry was a non-factor all night. He had been averaging 26 points in his last three games but didn't score until he drained a 3-pointer with 3:21 left. Before that he was in danger of being held scoreless for the first time since Dec. 28, 2009, when he was a rookie.  
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "I pressured him as much as I could. I knew if he didn't have a good game, it would be tough for them to stay in the game. It would be difficult for them to stay in the game." -- Lawson.  
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Lee has been a steady performer for the Warriors. Friday was his sixth straight double-double and he is averaging 16.4 points and 11.1 rebounds a game now. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  With the Nuggets having grabbed momentum, the Warriors went to forward Landry down on the block. Despite giving up 3 inches and 17 pounds to 7-foot  Kosta Koufas , he was able to get by him for three straight layups to cut a nine-point deficit to three. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Karl didn't waste time in bringing in a different 7-footer.  JaVale McGee  came on to guard Landry and forced him into a couple of tough shots. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Curry wasn't the only one going through a tough time Friday. Teammate  Harrison Barnes  was averaging 15 points in the previous five games but hit a rough spot against the Nuggets. He finished with four points on 1-for-5 shooting. Fellow rookie  Draymond Green  was scoreless in 21 minutes and had five fouls. 
 
 NOTABLE:  The teams had to finish the first half after coming back from the locker room.  Corey Brewer  committed an offensive foul with .3 seconds remaining in the second period but the teams had left for the locker room before a video review of the play. The officials decided to wait until they returned to the court before playing the final ticks. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Warriors, Saturday vs. Minnesota, Thursday vs. Denver, Sat., Dec. 1 vs. Indiana. For the Nuggets, Sunday vs. New Orleans, Monday @ Utah, Wednesday @ Golden State. 
