Notebook: Spurs 110, Grizzlies 108 
 
 
 Marlon Morga, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Jan 07, 2014 11:57 PM - Updated Wed Jan 08, 2014 12:19 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  With Tuesday night's loss, Memphis remains winless against the Southwest Division at 0-9. 
 
 THE LEAD:  After squandering a 16-point lead with five minutes to go in regulation, the San Antonio Spurs had to rely on a layup by  Manu Ginobili  with 1.8 seconds remaining in overtime to pull out a 110-108 win over the Memphis Grizzlies Tuesday night at FedExForum. Even then, the Spurs had to sweat as  Mike Conley 's last second, 29-foot 3-point attempt bounced off the front of the rim at the buzzer. The Spurs were led by  Tim Duncan 's season-high tying 24 points and 17 rebounds, while  Marco Belinelli  scored 19 and  Kawhi Leonard  added 17 points and six boards. The Grizzlies were led by Conley's season-high 30 points, five assists and six rebounds.  Zach Randolph  had 17 points and eight boards. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "These guys [Memphis] are basically really hurting from injuries. Coach [Dave] Joerger's got them playing their [butts] off for 48 minutes and doing everything they can, playing the right way. They deserve a lot of credit. They don't give in. They're a tough-minded group. I thought they were impressive." --  Spurs head coach  Gregg Popovich. 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Not that it is likely to come into play in a playoff tiebreaker scenario, but the Spurs have clinched the season series against the Grizzlies as they improved to 3-0 this season, with one game remaining. The Grizzlies have not won the season-series against San Antonio since the 2004-05 season.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Spurs held what appeared to be an insurmountable, 91-75, lead with five minutes remaining in regulation. Then, the Spurs committed five turnovers down the stretch that helped lead the Grizzlies on a 23-7 run to close out the quarter. After the Grizzlies tied the game at 96 on a  James Johnson  3-pointer, Ginobili scored on a layup with 3.6 left. But Conley sent the game into overtime with a layup of his own at the buzzer. 
 
 HOT:  It was Conley who nearly willed his team to victory. Conley scored 11 points during that 23-7 run, before adding five more in overtime. He finished the game one point shy of tying his career-high as he was 12-of-23 from the floor. 
 
 NOT:  Despite hitting the game-winning basket, it was an otherwise off night for Ginobili. The Spurs guard was 3-of-12 from the floor, with several of those shots missing badly. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "They ran the same play they ran against us in the playoffs. Our job is to stay between Ginobili and the basket, because he's going to try to step one way, get you leaning, and shove you. He got the layup in regulation. That's a play they execute very well. In overtime, we decided to switch everything, and he turned the corner against all three guys and against our best athlete [ Ed Davis ], which is a guy we would love to have taking him on. Manu just had six more inches that Ed didn't get to. Ed made a good play on it and Ginobili just made a little bit better play." --  Grizzlies coach  Dave Joerger  on trying to stop Manu Ginobili. 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  Newly acquired guard  Courtney Lee  was impressive in his Grizzlies' debut. Lee was acquired earlier in the day in a three-way trade from Boston, for guard  Jerryd Bayless . Lee scored 12 points as he was 5-of-10 from the floor, 2-of-5 from 3-point range. Six of his points came in the fourth quarter. ... Memphis had its franchise-record overtime winning streak snapped at six games. It was their first overtime defeat since losing at San Antonio, 99-95, Dec. 1, 2012. ... The Spurs, who shot 51.8 percent from the floor, improved to 13-0 this season when out-shooting their opponent. The Grizzlies, on the other hand, are now 1-15 when being outshot from the field. ... The Spurs lead the NBA in bench scoring at 46 points per game, but were outscored by the Grizzlies bench, 44-38. ... San Antonio owns an NBA-best 14-3 record on the road.   
 UP NEXT: For the Spurs, Wednesday vs. Dallas, Sunday vs. Minnesota, Monday at New Orleans. For the Grizzlies, Friday vs. Phoenix, Sunday vs. Atlanta, Tuesday vs. Oklahoma City. 
