  Notebook: Wizards 99, Hornets 89 Posted Thursday March 15, 2012 11:08PM Larry Holder, for NBA.com THE FACTS: John Wall  scored a game-high 26 points and added a game-high 12 assists as the Washington Wizards defeated the New Orleans Hornets 99-89 on Thursday night in the New Orleans Arena. The Hornets have now fallen one game below the Wizards for the second-worst record in the NBA. QUOTABLE:  "I thought our guys, for the day being what it was, fought through a lot of adversity to come out here and get a win."   -- Wizards coach  Randy Wittman  on the win despite losing players in trades on Thursday THE STAT:  A couple of stats stand out and probably go hand and hand with each other. Washington shot 52 percent from the field. The Wizards also pummeled the Hornets in fast-break points 27-6. Plenty of easy buckets for the Wizards led to a high shooting percentage. TURNING POINT:  The Hornets led 81-80 with 7:34 remaining in the fourth quarter. Then the Hornets did what they are all too accustomed to doing, while the Wizards did what they are not   at all too accustomed to doing. Washington went on a 17-2 run capped off by Wall's alley-oop dunk to give the Wizards a 97-83 lead and essentially the win. QUOTABLE II:  "It's frustrating losing like this. That's all I can really say. I hate losing, and we seem to lose almost every time that we step out on the floor."   -- Hornets forward  Trevor Ariza HOT:  The Wizards'  Roger Mason  completely sparked Washington's fourth-quarter comeback as he scored 14 of his 19 points in the final period. By comparison, the Hornets only scored 16 points as a team in the fourth quarter. NOT:  It's apparent the Hornets are in rebuilding mode. But New Orleans did what few teams, if any, had probably done this season in the NBA. The Hornets lost to the two worst teams in the NBA in the same week at home with losses to Charlotte and now Washington in the last four days. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  The Hornets'  Chris Kaman  didn't go anywhere as the trade deadline has come and gone. He kept his solid play alive though as he had 20 points, seven rebounds, four assists and two steals. ROOKIE WATCH:  Hornets forward  Gustavo Ayon  continued to be a piece New Orleans could possibly use in the future as he scored 16 points, a career high, along with nine rebounds and two blocked shots. NOTABLE:  Wittman wouldn't comment before Thursday night's game on the reported trade that brought Nuggets center  Nene  to Washington in exchange for centers  JaVale McGee  and  Ronny Turiaf . A Wizards spokesman said the situation was "too hot" to discuss at this point. ESPN reported that the Clippers sent forward  Brian Cook  and a second-round pick to Washington for guard  Nick Young . After the game, Wittman said, "Everyone was wondering what was going to happen. It is a tough day always around this time of year. We lost three players that were teammates of ours. ... Bottom line, somebody is going to get an opportunity that might have not had the opportunity playing tonight." ... Meanwhile, the Hornets made no moves at the trade deadline. It left the Hornets stuck, for the time being, with Kaman after trying to move him throughout much of the season. Williams said he's talked to Kaman about only basketball situations, but nothing about trade scenarios. Williams said it never got to the point where something was going to happen with Kaman or anyone else. Williams said he found out about 90 minutes before the trade deadline that the Hornets would be making no moves. UP NEXT:  For the Wizards, Friday @ Atlanta, Sunday @ Memphis, Wednesday @ New Jersey. For the Hornets, Saturday @ New Jersey, Wednesday vs. Golden State, Thursday vs. Clippers.  