
 Timberwolves-Nets notebook   By Jake Appleman, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday April 5, 2011 11:02PM THE FACTS:  On a night when he tied his career high in assists with 21,  Deron Williams  decided the outcome of the Nets' 107-105 win over the Minnesota Timberwolves with a stepback jumper. The Nets were in control almost the whole way, until a late run from the visitors set the table for D-Will's last-minute heroics. Brook Lopez  (30 points, 12 rebounds) and  Sasha Vujacic  (17 points, 10 rebounds) shared in the heavy lifting for the injury-depleted Nets.  Michael Beasley  and  Anthony Randolph  each scored 20 points and grabbed double digit rebounds for the Wolves. The win snapped a six-game losing streak for the Nets. Minnesota has now lost eleven straight games. QUOTABLE:  "I had a couple of shots to win games since I've been here and haven't been able to find it, so I was just happy to finally be able to get one to go down."   --  Williams, on his game-winner. THE STAT:  Williams registered his twenty-first assist with 9:20 remaining in the fourth quarter and he would have had more had teammates converted late. Along with the game-winning step-back, his other two biggest plays in crunchtime were another step-back jumper to put the Nets up 103-99 and a steal that led to  Mario West  splitting a pair of free throws. TURNING POINT:  After a wild last 1:28, Beasley missed a leaning 3-pointer from the wing that would have won the game. QUOTABLE II:  "I think the difference is very obvious between when he plays and when he doesn't."   --  Lopez, on Williams. QUOTABLE III:  "Honestly, it felt good. Obviously, I don't want to shoot off balance like that all the time, but once I released it, I thought it was going to go in. I tried to get the foul. It felt good. Some fall, some don't."   --  Beasley, on his game-winning attempt at the buzzer. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Former Yankees pitcher  Mike Torrez  and New Orleans Saints coach  Sean Payton  sat courtside.  Avery Johnson,  a Louisiana native, greeted the Saints coaches with a "Who Dat!" after the game...Fans in the upper deck were intermittently vocal with "Der-on Will-iams!" and "Let's go Nets" chants. There was also a sarcastic "M-V-P" chant for  Travis Outlaw . ROOKIE WATCH: Wesley Johnson  (eight points, five rebounds) had an efficient if wholly unspectacular game, and didn't see any crunchtime minutes. NOTABLE:  The game wasn't televised anywhere...West, on his first ten-day contract with the Nets, started...Vujacic led the Nets in first half rebounding with six and posted his first career double-double...Beasley didn't score in the first half, but converted a driving maneuver in the paint on the first play of the second half...After missing a third quarter free throw, Beasley lightly bit the ball...Williams now ranks third on the Nets' all-time single game assist list, behind  Kevin Porter  and  Robert Pack. UP NEXT:  For the Timberwolves, Wednesday vs. Phoenix, Saturday @ Denver, Monday @ Phoenix. For the Nets, Wednesday @ Detroit, Friday vs. New York, Sunday @ Toronto. 
