  Hornets-Knicks notebook   By Mike Vorkunov, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday March 2, 2011 10:48PM THE FACTS:  While their dynamic duo gets the limelight, the New York Knicks cruised to a 107-88 victory over the New Orleans Hornets with a more unheralded star also stepping up for a night.  Toney Douglas  and  Amar'e Stoudemire  led the Knicks with 24 points each and  Carmelo Anthony  scored 22 points. They led by ten points at halftime and tacked on to their lead from there.  Jarrett Jack  came off the bench to lead the Hornets with 21 points. QUOTABLE:  "Toney has been struggling the last three games but he must be a Garden Kind of guy because every time he plays here he plays well."  --  Knicks coach  Mike D'Antoni. THE STAT:  Toney Douglas started his second game this season in place of the injured  Chauncey Billups  and had a big night. After coach Mike D'Antoni implored he wanted the point guard to be more assertive, he responded by scoring 24 points on 10-of-13 shooting and dishing out five assists. It was his sixth game this year with 20-plus points. TURNING POINT:  It came right after halftime. With the Knicks holding a 52-42 lead at the half, they jumped on the Hornets to start the second half. New York went on a 10-4 run to start the third quarter with Douglas scoring four points and assisting on  Landry Fields'  three-pointer to finish off the stretch. Their lead never dipped below double-digits again. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Not all of Madison Square Garden's celebrities last night were of the Hollywood variety. While  Vanessa Hudgens  was in the building, New York Jet  Darrelle Revis  and former New York Giant  Michael Strahan  received standing ovations. ROOKIE WATCH:  As the Knicks have added instant-offense with Anthony, one of the roster's holdovers has struggled as of late. Landry Fields, who earned Eastern Conference Rookie of the Month accolades in November and December, has fallen off since the trade. He's broken into double-digit points just once in the last three games, shooting 27 percent from the field and 3-of-13 from beyond the three-point arc. Fields scored 10 points last night but hit just one of his four three-point tries, down from his 40 percent shooting this season. NOTABLE:  Billups is still feeling the effects of a left quadriceps injury he suffered Tuesday night in a loss to the Orlando Magic. He did not play last night and may not until the weekend. Coach Mike D'Antoni said the point guard is day-to-day. UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Friday @ Phoenix, Sunday @ Los Angeles, Tuesday @ Portland. For the Spurs, Wednesday @ Boston, Friday @ Indiana, Sunday vs. Minnesota.  