  Notebook: Pacers 109, Wizards 96 Posted Wednesday April 4, 2012 11:02PM By Daimon Eklund, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The Pacers were nearly perfect in the first quarter, although it took until the third for Indiana to pull away from the Washington Wizards. Danny Granger  scored 20 points and  Darren Collison  had 17 points and 11 rebounds in the Pacers' 109-96 victory Wednesday night. Indiana, which has now won three in a row and six of eight, held on to the third spot in the Eastern Conference standings. Jordan Crawford  scored 28 points for Washington, and  Kevin Seraphin  had a career-high 19 points and 10 rebounds. The Wizards have lost eight of their last nine games. QUOTABLE:  "I just think they're depleted. They have injuries and they have youth, and it's tough to win in the NBA in situations like that. We've got a veteran group that's dialed in to a tight playoff race, so it's just a tough matchup."  --  Indiana head coach Frank Vogel. THE STAT:  The Pacers made their first six shots and finished the first quarter 14-of-16 from the floor and 8-for-8 from the free throw line. Indiana finished a season-best 57.9 percent from the field, and was above 60 percent until the final minutes of garbage time. The five starters were a combined 29 of 41 (70.7 percent). TURNING POINT:  Indiana went cold in the second half and took a one-point lead into halftime, then came out in the third with a reprise of their opening shooting performance, going 16 of 22 from the field. The Pacers steadily added to the margin and led by 12 after three quarters. The short-handed Wizards couldn't muster any energy for a comeback, and the lead grew to as many as 21 points in the fourth. HOT:  Collison had the best shooting performance among many good ones for the Pacers, going 7 of 8 from the field and making all four of his shots in the third quarter. NOT:  Wall struggled to create offense, shooting 4-for-15 with five turnovers to three assists. QUOTABLE II:  "They got going offensively. I'll tell you what, to come in at halftime where we were I was really pleased with that, the way they shot the ball. Then they came out in the third quarter and kind of hit us, staggered us a little bit."  --  Washington head coach  Randy Wittman . GOOD MOVE : It was the second game of a back-to-back for the Pacers, so with the game in hand after three quarters, Vogel gave his starters a rest. Four of the five didn't play at all in the final quarter, and Collison logged just three minutes. BAD MOVE:  The Wizards were down 67-63 midway through the third quarter when  Jan Vesely  got a steal to start a fast break. Crawford pushed the ball ahead and tried a lob that was immediately stuffed by  Paul George . The pass was so ill-advised it showed up in the stat sheet as a blocked shot. QUOTEABLE III:  "Did it look like a shot? Nah, I was passing it. You know, I shoot a lot so they add it to the field goals."  --  Crawford NOTABLE:  Indiana center  Roy Hibbert  had 13 points, four blocked shots and no rebounds. ... Washington forwards  Nene  and  Trevor Booker  were both out for the third straight game. Both have plantar fasicitis in the left foot. UP NEXT:  For the Pacers, Friday vs. Thunder, Saturday vs. Celtics, Monday vs. Raptors. For the Wizards, Thursday @ Pistons, Friday @ Nets, Monday @ Bobcats.  