Notebook: Celtics 112, Raptors 88 
 
 
 Brian Robb, for NBA.com  
 
Posted Wed Mar 13, 2013 11:39 PM - Updated Wed Mar 13, 2013 11:39 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:   The Boston Celtics scored 65 points in the second half, as they pulled away from the Toronto Raptors in the second half for an impressive 112-88 win.  Jeff Green  had a game-high 20 points to lead a balanced Celtics effort that featured seven players scoring in double figures. With the win, Boston has now posted 10 straight wins at TD Garden, all coming since  Rajon Rondo  went down with a torn right ACL.  DeMar DeRozan  had 17 points for Toronto in the setback.   
 
 QUOTABLE:  ""I just come here night in and night out and do the things I do to make history. I'm happy.  And when you pass a guy like  (Charles) Barkley , one of the greatest players that ever played the game, says a lot." 
 -  Paul Pierce  on passing Barkley for the 20th NBA all-time ranking in points scored. 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Celtics came out of halftime with a renewed sense of aggression on the offensive end. They took the ball to the basket early and often, and were rewarded for it, as they shot a staggering 19 free throws in the frame. For the game, Boston set a new season-high with 35 free throws.   
 
 TURNING POINT:  After a slow start to the second half, the Celtics closed out the third quarter with a 21-6, helping push a nine-point halftime edge into double digits.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We make a joke around here that every other two days someone's making history.  It's not a bad joke to be a part of, though." 
 -  Kevin Garnett  on Pierce and himself setting new scoring records this season.  
 
 
 HOT:  Pierce -- The 11-time All-Star took command in the third quarter, scoring nine of his 15 points in the period, including seven at the charity stripe.  
 
 NOT:   Rudy Gay  -- Toronto's midseason addition returned to the lineup after sitting out his last game with a sore back, but couldn't establish his shooting stroke. Gay went 3-of-10 from the field in the second half, which helped allow the Celtics to pull away.  
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT: Jason Terry  -- Boston's sixth man did a little bit of everything for the Celtics on the offensive end, scoring 12 assists and dishing out seven assists in 23 minutes. It was his second highest assist total in a game with this season. 
 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:   Terrence Ross  -- The young swingman out of Washington provided the Raptors with a scoring boost off the bench, scoring 13 points in 24 minutes, including a few rim-rocking dunks.  
 
 NOTABLE:  It was a milestone night for a couple of Celtics, as Pierce and Garnett moved into 20th and 15th place respectively on the NBA all-time scoring list. Both players received a standing ovation from the TD Garden crowd for their accomplishments. Pierce also passed  Allen Iverson  for 10th all-time in free throws made.  Andrea Bargnani  did not play due to a right elbow injury. He will miss the remainder of the season for Toronto.  Sebastian Telfair  was ejected in the fourth quarter for arguing with an official.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For Toronto, Friday vs. Charlotte, Sunday vs. Miami, Wednesday @ Charlotte. For Boston, Saturday vs. Charlotte, Monday vs. Miami, Wednesday @ New Orleans.   
