  Notebook: Warriors 93, Timberwolves 88 Posted Sunday April 22, 2012 10:28PM By Jim Beilby, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The cure to the Golden State Warriors road woes seems to be playing in Minnesota. With neither team having anything to play for other than pride, Golden State defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves 93-88 on Sunday night. The Warriors' only other victory in their last twelve road games also came in Minnesota on April 4, when they scraped out a 97-94 win. As in that win when they trailed by 20 before coming back to win, tonight Golden State trailed by 21 points just before half.  Charles Jenkins  led the Warriors with 24 points and  Nikola Pekovic  led Minnesota with 19 points.. QUOTABLE:  "It was lack of discipline as a team. We talked about it. The team thinks that because you get a lead you think that area will go fine. You have to keep working on it. We didn't do it. And it's hard to turn it back on."   -- Minnesota coach  Rick Adelman THE STAT:  The Warriors only shot 33.3% in the first half, but they shot 56.8% in the second. Minnesota on the other hand, was 10-for-40 from the floor in the second half and was outscored 44-22 over the final quarter-and-a-half. TURNING POINT:  Golden State trailed until the 8:05 mark in the fourth quarter when  Brandon Rush  hit a turn-around jumpshot to tie the game at 81. The score stayed close until Rush hit a 3-pointer in the corner with the shot clock running down with a little over a minute to play. Then a bad pass by  J.J. Barea  led to a steal and breakaway dunk and-one by  Dominic McGuire  with 58.5 seconds to play, and the made free throw gave the Warriors the five point lead they would finish with. HOT (AND NOT):  Warriors made almost as many field goals (15) in the third quarter as they did in the entire first half (16). NOTABLE:  This victory broke an eight-game losing streak for Golden State. ...  Kevin Love  sat out again for the Timberwolves, who announced before the game that Love would miss the rest of the season as he recovers from a concussion. UP NEXT:  For the Wolves, Thursday vs. Denver. For the Warriors, Tuesday vs. New Orleans, Thursday vs. San Antonio.  