Notebook: Jazz 88, Bobcats 85 
 
 
 Derek S. Smith, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Dec 21, 2013 11:02 PM - Updated Sat Dec 21, 2013 11:02 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Utah Jazz have won nine straight against the Charlotte Bobcats including the last five here in Charlotte. 
 
 THE LEAD:  Charlotte (13-15) brought the buzz back to Time Warner Cable Arena Saturday night, but the Jazz (8-22) took the sting out of all the excitement with an 88-85 win.  Trey Burke  led five players in double figures with a game-high 20 points for the Jazz who improved to 2-2 on their road trip. Utah bounced back after losing Friday night by 33 points. The Bobcats were led by  Kemba Walker,  who also netted 20 points for Charlotte who had their season-long three-game winning streak snapped.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We can't look back. We're going to have some games where it looks like a team that just woke up and then it looks like a team that is really hungry. We have to get to that every night where we're hungry and coming with intensity and making the first punch. My job is to be a young leader and bring the intensity. We did that tonight." --  Burke 
 
 
 THE STAT : The Utah Jazz were 10-for-21 from the 3-point line against Charlotte and almost made as many 3s as Charlotte attempted. The Bobcats, who are last in threes per game in the NBA, made just two of their 12 attempts. The Bobcats are 2-4 when giving up 10 or more 3s per game and 5-6 when making three or fewer from behind the arc.  
 
 TURNING POINT: Al Jefferson  appeared to turn his ankle with less than 30 seconds to play in the fourth quarter. With the Bobcats down one, Jefferson missed two point-blank shots and appeared to have limited lift on those put-back attempts. The Bobcats missed the final six shots including three in the lane. Charlotte rallied from nine down in the final quarter, but was never able to take back the lead.  
 
 HOT:  Burke was the go-to guy in the fourth quarter for the Jazz. The rookie point guard scored 10 of his game-high 20 points in the fourth quarter including a pair of 3s.  It was the third time Burke has led Utah in scoring and is his fifth 20-point game.  
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Despite the loss, Walker has been on a tear of late. Walker has scored 20 points or more in five straight contests. This the longest streak of his career and is among the longest active streaks in the NBA currently. During the five-game stretch Walker is averaging 26.2 points, 4.2 assists and 4.6 rebounds.  
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  Bobcats owner and NBA Hall of Fame legend  Michael Jordan  unveiled the team's new brand identity at halftime to much fanfare. Charlotte will be renamed Hornets for the 2014-15 season. Former Charlotte Hornets  Kelly Tripucka, Rex Chapman, Dell Curry  and  Muggsy Bogues  joined Jordan at midcourt for the unveiling.  
 
 ROOKIE WATCH: Cody Zeller  continues to improve and had eight points in 19 minutes of action. 
 
 NOTABLE : Jefferson faced his former team tonight. The last time the Jazz were in Time Warner Cable Arena, Jefferson scored 26 points for the Jazz as they picked up a 112-102 win ... Utah is 83-for-225 (.368) from behind the arc in the month of December ... Jazz center  Derrick Favors  scored 14 points, recording his 23rd double-figure scoring game of the season ... Utah guard  Gordon Hayward  scored 12 points and grabbed 10 rebounds for his fourth double-double of the season ... Prior to the game, it was announced by the Bobcats that forward  Jeffery Taylor  would miss the rest of the season with a ruptured right Achilles tendon ...Jefferson has scored in double figures in 14 straight games and has recorded double-doubles in eight of his last 12 contests ... Charlotte is giving up only 93.0 points per game which is the second lowest average in the NBA and have held their opponents under 100 points in 22 of their 28 games this season ...  Gerald Henderson  scored 12 points, reaching double figures for the 19th straight game.  
 
 UP NEXT : For the Jazz, Monday @ Memphis, Friday vs. Lakers, Saturday @ Los Angeles (Clippers). For the Bobcats, Monday vs. Milwaukee, Friday vs. Thunder, Saturday @ Atlanta.  
