  Celtics-Knicks Notebook   By Joshua Newman, for NBA.com Posted Sunday December 25, 2011 4:21PM THE FACTS:   Carmelo Anthony  scored 17 of his game-high 37 points in the fourth quarter to go along with eight rebounds as the Knicks overcame an 8-point deficit after three quarters to defeat the Celtics, 106-104, in front of a Christmas Day sellout crowd of 19,763 at Madison Square Garden. Anthony hit two free throws with 16.3 seconds left to cap the scoring. The Syracuse University product was one of four Knicks in double figures as  Amar'e Stoudemire  finished with 21 points,  Toney Douglas  had 19 and rookie  Iman Shumpert  had 11. QUOTABLE:  "It's gonna be a rivalry now because I think we can get up to the same level they are. It's gonna be knockdown, drag out and there's gonna be some tempers, but hopefully they'll control themselves."   -- Knicks coach  Mike D'Antoni  when asked about a minor post-buzzer incident on the court between  Bill Walker  and  Kevin Garnett . THE STAT:  Anthony found foul trouble during the third quarter when the Knicks, once ahead by 17, trailed by as many as 8 at different points of the period. In playing the entire fourth quarter with four fouls, Anthony was outstanding in shooting 4-for-5 from the floor and 7-for-8 from the free throw line to carry the Knicks home. TURNING POINT:  The Knicks climbed their way out of that 8-point hole in the fourth quarter behind Anthony and finally found some daylight when he hit his fourth 3-pointer to tie the game at 100 with 3:25 to play as the game remained tight the rest of the way. The tie score represented the first time it had been that way since it was 69-69 with 6:09 to play in the first quarter. QUOTABLE II:  "The energy was out the roof. The fans were so ready for the season because of the long offseason and because of our new acquisitions. Everyone was behind us and that was a great start for the team and the fans."    -- Stoudemire on his second Knicks home-opener. HOT:   Rajon Rondo  exploited a serious deficiency for the Knicks right now in the backcourt. Whether it was Douglas or Shumpert guarding him, he did pretty much whatever he wanted in scoring 31 points and dishing out 13 assists. The fifth-year pro from the University of Kentucky, who has been knocked for his lack of a jump shot, finished 11-for-19 from the field. NOT:  Newly-acquired free-agent center  Tyson Chandler  was brought to the Knicks to rebound and help defend the rim. He did help defend the rim by blocking six shots, but the rebounding will need to be addressed. The 7-foot-1 Chandler pulled in just one rebound in the first half and finished with only three for the game. Chandler, who helped the Dallas Mavericks win their first NBA title last June, is coming off a season in which he averaged 10.1 points and 9.4 rebounds per game. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Comedian  Chris Rock , Tennis legend  John McEnroe , New York Liberty center  Kia Vaughn , comedian  Tracy Morgan  and married hip-hop couple  Alicia Keys  and  Swizz Beatz  all sat courtside. ROOKIE WATCH:  Shumpert may eventually endear himself to Knicks fans as a speedy, scoring point guard, but he will have better days than Christmas. The ex-Georgia Tech star scored 11 points and shot just 3-for-13 from the field before leaving for the game early in the third quarter with a sprained MCL. The Knicks announced after the game that he is expected to miss at least two weeks and possibly up to a month. NOTABLE:  The Knicks are a mainstay on Christmas Day as the win moves the team to 22-25 on the holiday. The Knicks also moved to 39-27 in season openers and 34-32 in home-openers. UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Wednesday @ Golden State, Thursday @ Lakers, Saturday at Sacramento. For the Celtics, Tuesday @ Heat. Wednesday @ Hornets, Friday vs. Pistons.  