  Notebook: Clippers 78, Sixers 77 Posted Friday February 10, 2012 11:03PM Andy Jasner, for NBA.com THE FACTS:   Chris Paul's  17-footer with 3.2 seconds remaining gave the Los Angeles Clippers a huge 78-77 road win over the Philadelphia 76ers before a sellout crowd of 20,539 Friday at the Wells Fargo Center.  Blake Griffin  scored 16 points and swept 11 rebounds while  Mo Williams  added 14 points. The Clippers improved to 16-8 and 6-5 on the road. Elton Brand  scored 12 points and grabbed 10 rebounds while  Andre Iguodala  scored 12 points for the Sixers (18-9), who lost back-to-back games for the first time this season.  Lou Williams  also had 11 points. QUOTABLE:  "I looked at the clock and saw I had a chance. I missed a couple of those in the fourth quarter, but fortunately it went in."   -- Paul, on his game-winning shot. THE STAT:  The Sixers missed eight crucial free throws, going 15-for-23. TURNING POINT:  Griffin's hustle on Paul's winning shot saved the game. If Griffin doesn't dive on the floor and get possession of the ball, the Clippers might not have been celebrating at the end. HOT:  Paul was 10-for-20 and 4-for-4 from the free throw line. NOT:   Jrue Holiday  missed six of his eight shots and had five turnovers for the Sixers. QUOTABLE II:  "Only seven turnovers was great. That's the kind of thing you have to do against a team like that. They're tough at home and they don't give up."   -- Griffin. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Iguodala continues to fill up the stat sheet with 12 points, eight rebounds and seven  assists. INSIDE THE ARENA:  The surging Sixers continue to draw quite well at the Wells Fargo Center. There was a boisterous sellout crowd of 20,539 buzzing throughout the game.  Wali Jones , who played for the 1966-67 Sixers' title team, was in attendance and received a nice ovation. QUOTABLE III:  "At the end of the game, I'll put that on me. I've got to give our team more help at the end of games executing the play. That's not on the players. That's on me. I've got to be better. I'm the coach of this team. In that situation, I've got to get us a better shot. No excuses, other than I didn't do a good job in the last three seconds of that game."  -- Sixers coach  Doug Collins , on a failed last possession in which Williams couldn't get a shot off in time. GOOD MOVE:  The Clippers smothered Williams on the last possession, not allowing the Sixers' super-sub to get a clean look. BAD MOVE:  The Sixers' offense stalled at times in the fourth quarter and the offense just wasn't as fluid as it needed to be. ROOKIE WATCH:  Clippers guard  Travis Leslie  and forward  Trey Thompkins  didn't play.  Nikola Vucevic  made his fifth start and had two points and four rebounds while  Lavoy Allen  scored five points and grabbed eight rebounds for the Sixers. NOTABLE:  Sixers center  Spencer Hawes  was out for the 12th time in the last 14 games with a strained left Achilles. ... Griffin received a technical foul with 5:39 remaining in the third quarter for arguing after a layup. ... Brand had his second straight double-double. ... Holiday committed five turnovers after having just six over the previous six games combined. ... The Clippers outrebounded Philadelphia 46-40. ... Griffin, on  Reggie Evans , who had 10 rebounds: "He brings energy. He is a wild card out there. He got spread out a couple times, but his effort, his energy is contagious. Guys feed off him." NEXT:  For the Clippers, Saturday @ Charlotte, Monday @ Dallas, Wednesday vs. Washington. For the Sixers, Saturday @ Cleveland, Monday @ Charlotte, Wednesday @ Orlando.  