  Magic-Bobcats notebook   By Derek S. Smith, for NBA.com Posted Thursday April 7, 2011 12:06AM THE FACTS:  It may have taken a few more minutes, but the Orlando Magic escaped Time Warner Cable Arena with a 111-102 overtime win over the Charlotte Bobcats Wednesday night.  Gilbert Arenas  led the Magic with 25 points while  Gerald Henderson  paced the Bobcats with a career-best 32 points. With the Charlotte loss and a win by Indiana over Washington earlier tonight the Bobcats have been officially from the playoffs. QUOTABLE:  "This is great win for us tonight. We really hung in there. There were times where it looked like we were going to give up but we hung in there. For me, I just wanted to go out there and be a scorer for us tonight."   -- Orlando Magic guard Gilbert Arenas THE STAT:  Three-pointers. The Magic rebounded from a poor shooting performance from behind the arc on Tuesday night and sank 14 of its 35 attempts from three. Orlando leads the league in both three pointers made and attempted and have made 10 or more threes 38 times this season. They are now 26-12 when hitting 10 or more. Charlotte on the other hand connected on just six three pointers with a difference in totals that was almost equal to the margin in the game. TURNING POINT:  Let's get ready to RUMBLE. The Bobcats were leading by two with 8:30 to play in the fourth when  Quentin Richardson  and Henderson got into a skirmish under the Bobcats basket after Henderson objected to some hard contact from Richardson on a drive to the basket. Richardson was ejected after being assessed two technical fouls, but it energized the Magic and brought out a strong defensive presence. The Bobcats closed the game shooting 5-for-13 and then shot a paltry 3-for-10 in overtime. QUOTABLE II:  "That aggression by [Quentin Richardson] was really a turning point for us. We don't condone that kind of action on the court, but it fueled us for sure tonight. We took it to heart and stepped up our game out there."   -- Orlando Magic guard Gilbert Arenas HOT:  Henderson. The Bobcats second-year guard has been one of the lone bright spots for Charlotte down the stretch. Henderson scored a career-best 32 points against Orlando Wednesday night on 12-for-22 shooting. He has scored in double figures in each of the last 10 games and in 19 of his last 24 games. During that 10-game stretch Henderson is averaging 16.0 points which is almost double his season average. NOT:   D.J. Augustin . The Bobcats point guard struggled all night against Orlando. Augustin finished the night with just six points on 2-for-14 shooting which included a miss as time expired on a contested open-court lay-up which would have given Charlotte the win. In addition to his six points he was credited with only five assists both of which are the lowest totals in either category the last six games. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Arenas scored a team-high 25 points in his second start in a Magic uniform. Arenas made nine of his 14 shot attempts including matching the Bobcats as a team from behind the arc with a 6-for-11 performance. He also added two rebounds, two assists and two steals to his tally for the night. INSIDE THE ARENA:   Michael Jordan  made a return appearance to Time Warner Cable Arena. The Bobcats majority owner had been a courtside fixture for a majority of the season before disappearing over the last month. ROOKIE WATCH:  No rookies saw action in tonight's game.  Daniel Orton  is the lone rookie on either team's lineup and he was inactive for the Magic due to arthroscopic surgery on his left knee. NOTABLE:   Dwight Howard  received his 18th technical foul of the season after being whistled for a 10-second violation at the free throw line and could be suspended by the league for the team's Sunday game against Chicago. Howard also scored in double figures for the 75th time this season. The Magic hit the 50-win mark Wednesday night. It's the fourth consecutive season the team has reached that milestone. Charlotte was officially eliminated from the playoffs after their loss and the win by Indiana against Washington. Bobcats forward  Dante Cunningham  had his fourth career double-double and his first back-to-back game with a double-double after a 16-point, 10-rebound night. UP NEXT:  For the Magic, Sunday vs. Chicago, Monday @ Philadelphia, Wednesday vs. Indiana. For the Bobcats, Friday @ Miami, Sunday vs. Detroit, Monday @ New Jersey.  