  Notebook: Celtics 96, Pistons 85   By Brian Robb, for NBA.com Posted Friday December 30, 2011 11:07PM THE FACTS: Paul Pierce  scored 12 points in his season debut, helping to lead the Boston Celtics to their first victory of the season in a 96-85 win over the Detroit Pistons.  Jermaine O'Neal  led the Boston scoring with 19 points in the C's home opener as Boston broke the game open with a 36-point third quarter.  Greg Monroe  led all scorers with 22 points for the winless Pistons who dropped to 0-3 under new head coach  Lawrence Frank . QUOTABLE:  "It felt good to be out there with my teammates. I was expecting to be me and I don't settle for anything less."  --  Pierce THE STAT:  Boston shot a tremendous 71.4 percent from the field during their 36-point third quarter. They also dished out 12 assists during the frame, as they built up a 22-point lead heading into the fourth quarter. TURNING POINT:  The Celtics came out firing at the start of the second half, as  Ray Allen  and Pierce drilled back-to-back three-pointers to push Boston's lead into double digits. The C's maintained that comfortable double-digit margin for the entire second half. QUOTABLE II:  "We don't feel sorry for ourselves. This is the deal, we've got to work to get better. It's all about grinding it out, working to get better."  --  Detroit head coach Lawrence Frank HOT:  O'Neal. After a slow start to the season, O'Neal had his best performance in a Celtic uniform over the past two seasons. The big man tallied 19 points and seven rebounds, and also served as a presence on the defensive end with two blocks. NOT: Rodney Stuckey.  The Pistons' starting guard couldn't find his rhythm against an energized Celtics' defense. Stuckey missed 10 of his 11 shots from the field, including all four attempts from beyond the arc. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Detroit's second-year forward Monroe had a standout performance in the loss. The former Georgetown star piled up 22 points and nine rebounds during the setback. He is now averaging 13.3 points and 7.7 rebounds through three games this season. INSIDE THE ARENA:  New Red Sox manager  Bobby Valentine  and New England Patriots receiver  Deion Branch  took in the contest from courtside at the TD Garden. Valentine also participated in a dunk trick with the C's mascot Lucky. ROOKIE WATCH:   Brandon Knight  played major minutes off the bench for the Pistons, but the lottery pick struggled to find his shot as he made just 3-of-11 field goals on the evening, finishing with 10 points. NOTABLE: Chris Wilcox  missed his second straight game for Boston with a bruised left shoulder. He hopes to play for the C's Sunday against the Wizards. New Celtic free agent signee  Mickael Pietrus  was taking shots before the game with his teammates. Rivers is hopeful he will be able to suit up in the next 10-14 days. Pierce played 22 minutes in his return to action, but did not play during the fourth quarter.  Charlie Villanueva  missed the contest for Detroit due to suspension. All 13 players in uniform played for the Celtics. The contest was a homecoming for Frank, who coached under Rivers last season. Boston made all 19 free throws. The Pistons had 17 second chance points. UP NEXT:  For the Pistons, Saturday vs. Pacers, Monday vs. Orlando, Wednesday vs. Chicago. For the Celtics, Sunday @ Washington, Monday vs. Washington, Wednesday vs. New Jersey.  