  Sixers-Magic notebook   By Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday January 19, 2011 11:25PM THE FACTS:  Four-point plays by  Jason Richardson  and  J.J. Redick  saved the Orlando Magic in a 99-98 overtime victory over the Philadelphia76ers. Richardson's big shot came with 17 seconds left in regulation, erasing a four-point Philly lead. Redick's four-pointer provided Orlando with its final points of the game with 1:43 left in overtime. Andre Iguodala  and  Evan Turner  missed short jumpers just before the final horn, leaving the 76ers one point short of winning for the second time in Orlando this season. Ryan Anderson  came off the bench to score a game-high 20 points for the Magic. QUOTABLE:  "We gave them eight points on two plays and lost a one-possession game. I've never seen that before."   -- 76ers coach  Doug Collins THE STAT:  Excluding the four-point plays, the Magic made only 6-of-22 3-point shots and 21-of-39 free throws. TURNING POINT:  After leading for most of the game, the Sixers had a 90-86 lead when Richardson launched a long 3-point shot that fell through with 17 seconds left in the fourth quarter. Iguodala was called for fouling Richardson, whose free throw tied the game. QUOTABLE II:  "They still have a solid team, a lot of good players. They can put a lineup out there that can still shoot 'em to a huge victory, so you've got to be careful what you wish for."   -- Andre Iguodala on whether the 76ers had gained the upper hand when Magic center  Dwight Howard  fouled out with 49.4 seconds left in the fourth quarter HOT:  Anderson has produced seven straight double-figure scoring games off the Magic bench, averaging 15.3 points. NOT:  Howard missed 12 more free thorws, including five straight early in the game and four straight in the final 3:02, keeping the Magic from expanding a two-point lead. "Had we made even what we normally make at the free-throw line, which isn't geat, we could have an eight to 10-point win," said Magic coach  Stan Van Gundy . "We were getting the ball down inside, but we couldn't covert anything at the line. That part was frustrating." ROOKIE WATCH:  Turner played 34 minutes, including the entire overtime period for the 76ers, scoring 10 points and grabbing a team-leading eight rebounds. NOTABLE:   Lou Wiliams ' 3-point shot bounced high off the rim and almost dropped back in to give the 76ers the win in the final second of regulation . . .  Andres Nocioni  missed a second straight game for the 76ers after breaking his right middle finger . . . Redick scored six of his 12 points in overtime . . . The Magic are 12-1 when six or more players score in double figures. UP NEXT:  For the 76ers, Thursday @ Charlotte, Saturday @ Utah, Monday vs. Phoenix. For the Magic, Friday vs. Toronto, Saturday @ Houston, Monday vs. Detroit.  