Notebook: Suns 104, Pelicans 98 
 
 
 Scott Kushner, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Nov 05, 2013 11:53 PM - Updated Tue Nov 05, 2013 11:53 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Suns' 37-point third quarter was the second time the Pelicans have allowed at least 36 points in a second-half quarter, at home, this season.  
 
 THE LEAD:   Phoenix Suns' guard  Eric Bledsoe  knifed his way through the New Orleans Pelicans' when it counted most, tallying 10 fourth-quarter points en route to a 104-98 win at the New Orleans Arena. 
 Bledsoe scored a game-high 25 points on just 12 shots, getting to the rim with ease on a barrage of layups. His attacks at the rim were complemented by Suns' sharpshooters  Gerald Green  (18 points),  Markieff Morris  (17) and  Ish Smith  (16) who also efficiently rallied Phoenix to its 3-1 record. 
 After notching 12 points in the first quarter, Pelicans' guard  Eric Gordon  cooled considerably, finishing with a game high 20 but made just 7-of-17 attempts.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I just took what the defense gave me and they gave me layups all night. So I was going to take every last one of them the gave us." 
 - Bledsoe on his ability to get to the rim. 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Two of the Pelicans' most celebrated offseason acquisitions -- guards  Jrue Holiday  and  Tyreke Evans  -- combined to score just 12 points on 5-of-17 shooting and committed nine turnovers. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Phoenix caught fire from the perimeter in the third quarter, shooting 68 percent from the field, converting 7-of-10 from 3-point range and turning a 45-41 halftime deficit into 78-69 lead.    Green   provided most of the heat, knocking down four of his five attempts, including several while under defensive pressure in the corner. It sparked the Suns' highest scoring quarter of the season, easily eclipsing its previous high of 31. 
 
 HOT:  Most of the Suns' third-quarter damage was done in the final five minutes when they ticked off an 18-7 run spurred by twin brothers  Marcus Morris  and  Markieff Morris , who notched 10 points during the stretch, including a pair of 3-pointers.  P.J. Tucker  and Green got in the act as well by burying one each from beyond the arc. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We were just moving the ball in the third quarter.  Ish Smith ,  Eric Bledsoe  and the twins just did an excellent job, so we were too tough to stop with all of those shots falling and everybody moving the ball the way we were." 
 - Green on the third quarter onslaught. 
 
 
 NOT:  One game removed from arguably his best all-around performance,  Anthony Davis  struggled from the field for much of the night against a scrappy Suns' frontcourt which kept him out of the paint and forced the athletic 6-foot-10 to settle for jumpers and contested everything at the rim. Davis made just 4-of-15 from the field and didn't even attempt a shot in his seven fourth-quarter minutes. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Davis was also neutralized defensively late in the game, by defending the perimeter for a handful of Phoenix's final possessions when the game was still within five points. Without the prolific shot blocker underneath the basket and a small Pelicans' lineup on the floor, Bledsoe had clear paths to the basket once he dribbled past the first layer of the defense. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Green started in place of  Goran Dragic , who missed Tuesday's game due to a left ankle injury suffered in Phoenix's Sunday night loss at Oklahoma City...Pelicans' center  Jason Smith  took advantage of his starting spot on Tuesday night, filling up the stat sheet in the first five minutes of the game, scoring six points, pulling down four rebounds, while recording an assist, steal and block... Holiday was whistled for two fouls in the first two minutes of the game. He never regained his rhythm, finishing with just three points...Despite its offensive struggles, New Orleans' maintained its NBA-best 3-point efficiency, making 56 percent of its shots from three...Following the game injured forward  Ryan Anderson  and Holiday were seen having a prolonged conversation in the Pelicans' locker room. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Pelicans, Wednesday @ Clippers, Friday vs. Lakers, Sunday @ Phoenix. For the Suns, Wednesday @ San Antonio, Friday vs. Denver, Sunday vs. New Orleans. 
