Notebook: Wizards 107, Grizzlies 94 
 
 
 Benjamin Standig, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Mar 26, 2013 12:30 AM - Updated Tue Mar 26, 2013 12:30 AM 
 
 THE FACTS :  After an early ejection in his last game,  John Wall  stuck around for the entirety of Monday's game for the Washington Wizards and stick the Memphis Grizzlies with a career-high 47 points in a 107-94 win. 
 Wall scored a personal best 26 points in the first half for the Wizards (26-44), and then had 17 in the fourth quarter as the Wizards took command with a 13-3 run and led 96-83 with 3:48 remaining. After the Grizzlies (47-23) rallied to 98-94,  Emeka Okafor  responded with a jump hook, the Wizards made 4 of his 5 free throws and Wall dropped his second 3-pointer of the game. 
 Wizards coach  Randy Wittman  had minimal rotation options as Washington played without several key figures including starters  Nene  (knee soreness)  Martell Webster  (abdomen strain) and  Bradley Beal  (sprained left ankle).  
 Okafor had 21 points and  Chris Singleton  10 for the Wizards, winners of six straight home games. Since Wall's return from a knee injury on Jan. 12, Washington sports a 21-16 record. 
 
 Mike Conley  had 23 points, but none in the fourth quarter for the Grizzlies, who have lost four straight road games.  Jerryd Bayless  and  Quincy Pondexter  each scored 14 points. 
 
 QUOTABLE : "If I had 47 and we lost it wouldn't mean nothing. The main thing is to come out here, me and my teammates stepped up big and the coaching staff had a great game plan for us to come out here with only nine players to get a win against the most physical team in the NBA." 
 -- John Wall  
 
 THE STAT : Not known as a perimeter shooter, Wall's five first quarter field goals all came on jump shots. Throughout the game he continued firing from deep, finishing 2-for-4 from beyond the arc. Over his last nine games, Wall has made 7-for-9 3-point attempts after starting the year 1-for-17. 
 QUOTABLE II:  " We couldn't make any shots and we couldn't stop the kid." 
 --Memphis coach  Lionel Hollins  on Curry 
 
 HOT : The knock on Wall through the early stages of his 3-year NBA career has stemmed from his suspect perimeter shooting. That has not been the case recently and certainly not against the Grizzlies. Wall made five baskets in the first quarter, all coming on mid-range or long jumpers, and finished the first half 9-for-13 from the field. His 26 first half points were the most scored before halftime by any Wizard this season 
 
 NOT: Zach Randolph  scored 10 points, his fewest total since tallying seven on February 1 - also against the Wizards. The power forward committed four of the Grizzlies 16 turnovers and only had two points in the second half.  
 
 GOOD MOVE :  Wall carried the scoring load, but Wittman's coaching and motivation also proved winning in the victory.  Garrett Temple  (seven points) and Wall were the two guards at the coach's disposal, Singleton and  Trevor Booker  (seven points) made rare starts and only eight players entered the game. Yet, the Wizards defeated a playoff contender and picked up their 14th win against a Western Conference team this season/ 
 
 QUOTABLE III :  "Nah, I'm no MVP man, I'm just grateful to be good, be healthy and help change things around. If this team is healthy from the start, we'd easily be a playoff team. That's how we feel, that's how we're playing." 
 -- John Wall on the home crowd chanting "M-V-P" during the fourth quarter 
 
 NOTABLE :  The Grizzlies played their second game without injured All-Star center  Marc Gasol  (abdominal tear). ...The Wizards also played without  Trevor Ariza  (flu) and  A.J. Price  (sore right groin), leaving only nine active players. ...The only two players with more points in a game than Wall this season, Golden State's Stephen Curry scored 54 and Oklahoma City's Kevin Durant had 52. ... The Grizzlies are one road shy of establishing a franchise record with 20. The team's split the season series as the Grizzlies won the previous meeting at home 85-76 on Feb. 1. 
 
 UP NEXT : For the Grizzlies, Wednesday @ Knicks, Friday vs. Rockets, Saturday @ Timberwolves. For the Wizards, Wednesday @ Thunder, Friday @ Magic, Sunday vs. Raptors. 
