Notebook: Warriors 98, Jazz 87 
 
 
 Andrew Aragon for NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Nov 19, 2013 1:38 AM - Updated Tue Nov 19, 2013 1:38 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Golden State Warriors defeated the Utah Jazz for the second time in three nights to improve to 8-3 for the first time since the 1991-92 season. 
 
 THE LEAD:   Stephen Curry  got knocked a little woozy when Utah's  Marvin Williams  fell on him early in the fourth quarter. But it hardly mattered, because Curry had delivered a knockout blow long before then for his Golden State Warriors. Curry scored 22 points and dished eight assists to lead Golden State to a not-as-close-as-it-reads 98-87 victory over the Utah Jazz on Monday night. Curry and the Warriors did most of their damage by blistering the nets during a 37-point second quarter. Golden State led by as many as 28 points before coasting to another victory.   
 The Warriors had a balanced scoring effort as  Klay Thompson  and  Harrison Barnes  each had 17 points.  David Lee  had 14 points and 14 rebounds.  Gordon Hayward  led the one-win Jazz (1-11) with 18 points, six rebounds, three assists and three steals.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "One of our keys to the game is defend, rebound and run. When we do that it's hard to guard us because really anybody can make a play in transition -- even the bigs can bring it up and cause matchup problems."  
  --Warriors guard Stephen Curry 
 
 THE STAT:  Not much separated the two teams in rebounds before Monday's contest -- Golden State averaged 42.2 boards per game to Utah's 42.1. The Warriors, however, waxed the Jazz on the glass, with a 57-40 advantage in their win.   
 
 HOT:  Barnes provided the Warriors with a nice lift off the bench. His 17 points were a season-high. He shot 7-for-10, and he also had five rebounds.  Andrew Bogut  anchored Golden State's defense with his presence and leadership. He helped keep the Jazz out of the paint, and forced them to shoot long jumpers. Bogut also collected 13 rebounds. 
 
 NOT: Alec Burks  made his third straight start at point guard for the Jazz and had a rough outing. He shot 0-for-5 and scored just two points. After a dismal first half, his playing time was limited to just 6:31 in the second half. The Jazz actually shot better from 3-point range (7-for-15, 46.7 percent) than they did from within the arc (25-for-66, 37.8 percent).  
 
 QUOTABLE II : "It's been a great start. One of the our best starts in the last decade or so. I like what we are doing. We are starting to get an identity, especially defensively."   
 --Warriors center Andrew Bogut 
 
 GOOD MOVE : The Warriors' zone defense caused the Jazz problems when the two teams played on Saturday night. Golden State remembered that and went to it again at key times on Monday. Utah shot 33 percent in the first and second quarters and 36.4 percent in the fourth. The Jazz's only success on offense came in the third quarter when they stole a page from Golden State's playbook and got out and ran. The rest of the game, the Warriors didn't allow them to.  
 
 BAD MOVE:  On the other bench, the Jazz did not adjust from the Saturday game between the two teams. Golden State's clinic on 3-point shooting in the second quarter included clear looks at the basket. Granted, the Warriors are a handful to defend, but more was expected of Utah, especially when the Jazz had kept the game closer and allowed fewer 3-pointers two nights before. Golden State shot 6-for-8 from 3-point range in the game-changing second quarter, and Utah's slow to react and slow to adjust defense played a role.   
 
 NOTABLE:  Curry was injured with 8:50 left in the game. Williams fell on top of him -- covering mostly Curry's head -- and Curry laid on the court for a couple of minutes after the collision. He left the floor with a towel on his head, went straight to the locker room and did not return. After the game, he said he just had a headache. Seven of Golden State's eight wins have come by double digits. The Warriors held an opponent to less than 40 percent field goal percentage for the sixth time this season. Utah shot 39.5 percent.  Dewayne Dedmon  was signed by Golden State as a call-up from the team's Development League affiliate in Santa Cruz. He played the game's final 2:11 and missed one shot attempt.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Warriors, Wednesday vs. Grizzlies, Friday @ L.A. Lakers, Saturday vs. Trail Blazers. For the Jazz, Wednesday @ New Orleans, Friday @ Dallas, Sunday @ Oklahoma City. 
