  Grizzlies-Sixers notebook   By Andy Jasner, for NBA.com Posted Friday January 28, 2011 10:41PM THE FACTS:  The Grizzlies earned arguably one of their most satisfying wins in franchise history with a stunning 99-94 victory over the 76ers on Friday. Memphis overcame a 21-point deficit in the third quarter to stun Philadelphia in a wild game. As the Sixers sputtered offensively in the fourth, the Grizzlies kept running their offense and doing just about everything right.  Zach Randolph  recorded his 13th consecutive double-double -- a career high -- with 22 points and 12 rebounds while  Rudy Gay  added 16 points. All five Memphis starters scored in double figures.  Jodie Meeks  and  Jrue Holiday  had 16 points each for the Sixers, which saw their three-game winning streak snapped. Trailing by five, Meeks hit a desperation 3-pointer and was fouled with 7.1 seconds remaining. The free throw got the Sixers within 95-94, but they fell short. The Grizzlies (23-24) completed a 3-1 road trip in a very positive way. QUOTABLE:  "Our group has a lot of character."   -- Grizzlies coach  Lionel Hollins THE STAT:  Philadelphia committed 11 turnovers during a sloppy fourth quarter. The Sixers had 22 turnovers overall. The Sixers have committed 12 or fewer turnovers in 14 games this season. TURNING POINT:  When the Grizzlies went to a zone defense for much of the fourth, it baffled the Sixers. In fact, the Sixers turned the ball over on four straight possessions early on as Memphis quickly chopped into the lead. HOT:  Randolph was 6-for-11 from the field and 10-for-11 from the free-throw line. Six of those foul shots came in the final 8.3 seconds. NOT:   Lou Williams  had an off night for the Sixers with nine points on 2-of-9 shooting. QUOTABLE II:  "It was one of those games where we kept playing and kept battling. We knew we had to find energy somewhere, and the bench really came through for us. They kept us in the game and gave us the chance that we needed."   -- Zach Randolph FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:   Andre Iguodala  was steady in every phase with 12 points, nine assists and eight rebounds. He also contributed two steals. INSIDE THE ARENA:  The crowd was buzzing throughout the game. For a Friday night in late January, the support continues to grow for the ever-improving Sixers. QUOTABLE III:  "It was just turnovers, too many turnovers for us."   -- Sixers forward  Elton Brand GOOD MOVE:  Hollins not only went deep into his bench in the third, but he switched to a zone. The combination of the reserves' solid play and the effectiveness of the zone was huge. BAD MOVE:  Veteran  Tony Battie  could have given the Sixers a lift, especially when the Grizzlies were slicing into the lead. Battie only played three minutes. ROOKIE WATCH:   Evan Turner , the Sixers' No. 2 overall pick from Ohio State, finished with seven points, three rebounds and three assists.  Xavier Henry  scored three points while  Greivis Vasquez  had two points for the Grizzlies. NOTABLE:  The Grizzlies played without guard  O.J. Mayo , who was serving the first of a 10-game suspension for violating the league's anti-drug policy. Mayo was fourth on the team in scoring at 12.2 points per game. DID YOU NOTICE:  With 53.7 seconds remaining in the second, Williams missed a jumper and the ball was tipped in the Sixers' basket by Memphis'  Sam Young . Since he was closest to the play, Brand was credited with the two points. UP NEXT:  For the Grizzlies, Saturday vs. Washington, Monday vs. Orlando, Wednesday @ Minnesota. For the Sixers, Sunday vs. Denver, Wednesday @ New Jersey, Friday vs. New York.  