
 Kings-Bucks notebook   By Rick Braun, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday March 23, 2011 11:37PM THE FACTS:   Marcus Thornton  scored 27 points and  Beno Udrih  added 25, as the Sacramento Kings seriously damaged Milwaukee's playoff chances with a 97-90 victory Wednesday night in Milwaukee. QUOTABLE:  "You look at the little stretch  Larry [Sanders]  had and he stuck out like a sore thumb because he was playing hard for a few minutes. ... Overall, our body postures and everything just didn't seem to have the intensity tonight."   -- Bucks coach  Scott Skiles THE STAT:  The Kings had their way inside all night, posting a 54-34 advantage on points in the paint and a 47-32 edge on rebounds. TURNING POINT:  Sanders' jumper gave the Bucks an 81-80 lead with 7:42 left, but the Milwaukee defense could not stop the Kings inside.  Jason Thompson  got a dunk and a layup, and Thornton broke loose for a dunk off a pass from  Samuel Dalembert  for a 6-0 run that gave the Kings the lead for good. QUOTABLE II:  "We just made a couple shots down the stretch. Things worked out for us.  Jason Thompson  got a big offensive rebound for us and then we were just making free throws."   -- Udrih on the Kings offensive efficiency in the fourth quarter HOT:  Bucks forward  Carlos Delfino  equaled his career-high of 30 points set three days earlier and has now scored 86 points (28.7 per game) over his last three games. NOT:  Bucks starting guards  John Salmons  (3 for 14) and  Brandon Jennings  (2 for 7) combined to shoot 5-for-21, and they were outscored by the Kings' starting guards, 52-14. GOOD MOVE:  Kings coach  Paul Westphal  said he stressed defense before the game. His players took 24 minutes before heeding his words, allowing 56 points in the first half but just 34 in the second. ROOKIE WATCH:  Sanders had 10 points, four rebounds, three blocks and two steals in 15 minutes, 27 seconds of action. NOTABLE:  Bucks forward  Drew Gooden  dressed for the game for the first time since Jan. 21 after missing the previous 26 games with plantar fasciitis. However, Skiles elected not to play Gooden. ... Forward  Corey Maggette  was a healthy DNP (did not play) for the third consecutive game as Skiles has shortened his rotation. ... Kings guard  Tyreke Evans  missed his 19th straight game with plantar fasciitis, but Westphal said before the game that Evans will make his return Friday when the Kings visit Indiana. ... The Pacers' 111-88 victory over Charlotte moves them three games -- two in the loss column -- ahead of the Bucks for the final playoff spot in the East. Indiana is 32-40, the Bucks are 28-42. UP NEXT:  For the Kings, Friday @ Indiana, Sunday @ Philadelphia, Tuesday vs. Phoenix. For the Bucks, Friday @ New York, Saturday vs. Chicago, Monday @ Charlotte. 
