
 Cavaliers-Wizards notebook   By John Mitchell, for NBA.com Posted Saturday November 6, 2010 11:44PM THE FACTS:   Gilbert Arenas  made his return to the court in Washington for the first time in 10 months, but it was the play of another guard, Cleveland's  Mo Williams , that proved to be the difference as the Cavaliers rallied on the road to beat the Wizards, 107-102. Williams scored a game-high 28 points, including 12 of the Cavs' 31 in the fourth quarter, as Cleveland improved its record to 3-3. Trailing Washington (1-4) 90-85 with 5:12 left in the fourth quarter, Cleveland outscored the Wizards 25-12 the rest of the way.  Al Thornton  led the Wizards with 23 points. Arenas, suspended 50 games last season for bringing guns to Verizon Center, scored 13 points on 4-for-13 shooting. . QUOTABLE:  "I'm trying to get my legs under me; I'm trying to get in shape after being out for about a month. There was a point in the fourth quarter where I probably should have subbed myself out for Al (Thornton) because Al had it going on."   -- Arenas, following his first regular-season game at the Verizon Center in 10 months THE STAT:  The Cavaliers went 12-for-15 from the free-throw line in the fourth quarter. Meanwhile, the Wizards were much more passive attacking the basket late and converted just three of six free throws in the fourth quarter. TURNING POINT:  Washington's Al Thornton was rolling, scoring 23 points through three quarters. However, Wizards coach  Flip Saunders  did not play him at all in the fourth quarter, prompting him to admit that he "made a mistake." QUOTABLE II:  "Players have a real good idea who the captain should be and it's always guys they respect. It was known that  Kareem (Abdul-Jabbar)  was the captain but  Magic (Johnson)  was the leader. We called Kareem captain but Magic was the leader."   -- Cleveland coach  Byron Scott . The Cavs have yet to name a captain. HOT:  Williams followed up a 22-point effort the night before in a victory at Philadelphia with another. BAD MOVE:  Saunders not playing Thornton at all in the fourth quarter. NOTABLE:  Wall, who had 10 assists, is the first rookie since  Oscar Robertson  to notch at least seven assists in his first five career games. UP NEXT:  For the Wizards, Wednesday vs. Toronto, Friday vs. Charlotte, Saturday @ Chicago. For the Cavaliers, Tuesday @ New Jersey, Wednesday vs. New Jersey, Saturday vs. Indiana. 
