
 Pistons-Cavaliers notebook   By Brian Dulik, for NBA.com Posted Friday March 25, 2011 11:38PM THE FACTS:  Lead guard  Baron Davis  scored 10 points in the fourth quarter, including the game-clinching 3-pointer with 9.9 seconds left, as the Cleveland Cavaliers held on for a 97-91 win over the Detroit Pistons. Davis calmly buried a 25-footer over Detroit center  Chris Wilcox , allowing the Cavaliers to snap their seven-game home losing streak. He finished with 16 points and five assists off the bench. QUOTABLE:  "Baron is just a winner. You can see it in practice every day. He has no conscience at the end of games because he feels like those are his moments."   -- Cavaliers guard  Daniel Gibson THE STAT:  Pistons small forward  Tayshaun Prince  and shooting guard  Richard Hamilton , who combined for 30 points in the first three periods, were blanked in the fourth. Prince only played 4:16 in the final frame, while Hamilton logged exactly 10 seconds. "We just have to keep finding guys that are going to continue to play hard the whole time," Detroit coach John Kuester said. TURNING POINT:  With Cleveland clinging to a 92-91 lead with 1:24 on the clock,  Daniel Gibson  buried a perimeter jumper to restore its three-point advantage. Pistons guard  Will Bynum  took the next two shots, but missed a 3-pointer and a short try in the paint. The Cavaliers rebounded Bynum's second miss, setting the stage for Davis' clutch trey at the other end. QUOTABLE II:  "That's the beauty of the game, the opportunity to take those pressure shots. Obviously, it was fun being out there with my teammates tonight."   -- Cavaliers'   Davis HOT:  Cleveland power forward  J.J. Hickson  continued his late-season tear with game highs of 24 points and 15 rebounds. Hickson is averaging 16.6 points and 11.0 boards in his last 20 contests. "J.J. is in a good place right now, playing really well," Cavaliers coach  Byron Scott  said. "I think he knows we have a lot of confidence in him, and it shows." NOT:  Detroit point guard  Tracy McGrady  had two points, three assists and two turnovers, while backup power forward  Jason Maxiell  was scoreless with four fouls and four turnovers in 16 minutes. "It was an unfortunate effort by all of us," Pistons power forward  Austin Daye  said. "I think we kind of took (the Cavaliers) for granted a little bit." QUOTABLE III:  "No question, they had more energy than us and they hurt us on offensive rebounds. They played harder than us tonight."   -- Pistons coach  John Kuester GOOD MOVE:  Scott employed Davis and Gibson as his backcourt for the entire fourth quarter, which paid off big at crunch time. They scored 15 points in the period and displayed surprisingly good chemistry, given it was only Davis' fifth contest with the Cavaliers. "We had a real good vibe going," Gibson said, smiling. "B.D. is just a player and so am I, so I guess we knew what to do out there." BAD MOVE:  Bynum didn't step onto the court in the first three periods, but Kuester went to him to start the fourth. Bynum played the rest of the way, as did point guard  Rodney Stuckey , Daye and Wilcox. Veteran power forward  Charlie Villanueva , meanwhile, was a DNP-CD. "I communicated with (Charlie) where the rotation was going to be," Kuester said. "I liked what I saw with (Daye), so I stayed with him." NOTABLE:  The Cavaliers are 9-2 in their last 11 games against the Pistons, but had been 0-2 against them this season. ... Hamilton and Prince shared team-high honors with 15 points, while rookie power forward  Greg Monroe  and Wilcox paced Detroit with eight rebounds apiece. ... Hickson notched his 19th double-double of the campaign. ... Davis is shooting .536 beyond the arc in five games with Cleveland. ... Shooting guard  Anthony Parker  was solid across the board for the Cavaliers with five points, five rebounds, a game-high seven assists and zero turnovers. ... Cleveland is 1-2 on its current five-game homestand. UP NEXT:  For the Pistons, Saturday vs. Indiana, Wednesday @ Indiana, April 1 vs. Chicago. For the Cavaliers, Sunday vs. Atlanta, Tuesday vs. Miami, Wednesday @ Charlotte. 
