  Thunder-Suns notebook   By Mike Tulumello, for NBA.com Posted Thursday March 31, 2011 1:34AM THE FACTS:  Too bad for the Oklahoma City Thunder that there aren't more games left in the regular season. The Thunder, 116-98 winners at the Phoenix Suns Wednesday night, hardly ever lose these days. But they probably are locked into the No. 4 spot in the West. The sizzling Thunder (50-24) who are three games behind No. 3. Dallas with eight games to play, have won 11 of their last 12. They are 14-2 in March, which ties their franchise record for wins in a month.  James Harden  hit 7-for-9 for 22 points off the bench, while  Kevin Durant  also scored 22.  Serge Ibaka  had 15 points and 10 boards, while  Russell Westbrook  (6-for-9 for 16 points, plus eight assists) controlled the floor. "Russell was really good tonight," Thunder coach  Scott Brooks  said. "He's had better stats in the past but he really controlled the game. "He was active on the ball, and I thought his command of the game put us in a position to win tonight." The Suns, now out of the playoff race at 36-38, have lost four in a row. They got a big game from  Vince Carter  off the bench (28 points) but little from their starters. Fellow off guard  Jared Dudley  (16 points) was the only other Sun to break double figures. Guards  Zabian Dowdell  and  Aaron Brooks  were ejected with 1:05 left in the game. QUOTABLE:  "We still have room to improve. I tell our guys, 'Every day is a work day. You have an obligation to yourself and our team to get better.' We have a bunch of young guys who should get better. This is no time to rest and wait for the playoffs.. As our guys continue to improve, our game will get better."    -- Aaron Brooks on his team's prospects. THE STAT:  The Thunder got just about any shot they wanted in shooting 54 percent, including 44 percent on 3-pointers. TURNING POINT:  The Thunder, leading 89-80 midway through the final quarter, outscored the Suns 13-2 to put it away. QUOTABLE II:  "The ref just disrespected me. I can't really say much more than that. I've been told not to speak about it....It was disrespectful. That's how it was. Very disrespectful."    -- Zabian Dowdell, who -- along with teammate Brooks -- was ejected after arguing with referee  Ken Mauer . NOTABLE:  The Suns'  Grant Hill , who is searching for his first career first-team, all-defense honor, held Durant, the NBA's leading scorer (27.9 points) to 16 points on 6-for-15 shooting. In his three previous games vs. the Suns, Durant had averaged 23.3 points on 39 percent shooting. At the other end, though, Hill shot just 1-for-7 for three points. UP NEXT:  For the Thunder, Friday @ Portland, Saturday @ Los Angeles Clippers and Tuesday @ Denver. For the Suns, Friday vs. Clippers, Sunday @ San Antonio and Tuesday @ Chicago.  