Notebook: Celtics 97, Jazz 87 
 
 
 Brian Robb for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Nov 06, 2013 11:56 PM - Updated Wed Nov 06, 2013 11:56 PM 
 
 THE FACT : Boston top man Brad Stevens earned his first win as an NBA coach, while the Jazz fell to 0-5 for the first time in since relocating to Utah. 
 
 THE LEAD : The Celtics held off a late charge from the Utah Jazz to earn a 97-87 win.  Brandon Bass  had a season-high 20 points and  Jeff Green  added 18 points in a balanced Celtics' (1-4) offensive attack, as the hosts snapped a four-game losing streak.  Gordon Hayward  had a game-high 28 points in the defeat, as the Jazz were unable to come back from a 25-point second half deficit.  
 
 QUOTABLE : "You know, I'm going to celebrate for a whole 12 minutes and then I'm going to start watching Orlando and trying to figure them out." 
 --Brad Stevens on his first NBA win 
 
 THE STAT : Boston finished with 22 assists in the contest. In their previous four losses, they averaged 14.3 assists per game.  
 
 TURNING POINT : After falling the Jazz 16-3 in the opening moments of the contest, the Celtics dominated the remainder of the first half, outscoring Utah 47-18 over the next 18 minutes. The Jazz cut the double-digit to six points late in the fourth quarter, but failed to get any closer down the stretch.  
 
 QUOTABLE II : "It is big for us you know we can definitely build on tonight. We had some bad habits toward the end of the game. I don't feel like we finished as strong as we could, but it was a great team win." 
 --Boston's  Avery Bradley 
 
 
 HOT : Hayward -- The former Butler star under Stevens put on quite a show for his ex-coach as one of the few bright spots in the Jazz offense. Hayward posted 16 of his season high 28 points in the second half, leading a Utah comeback that fell short in the fourth quarter. Bass also impressed his coach, going 9-for-15 from the floor. 
 
 NOT :  Ian Clark  -- The reserve guard struggled in his third NBA game, missing all six field goals he attempted, including three from 3-point range.  
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT :  Gerald Wallace  -- The 13-year veteran wasn't thrilled about being demoted from the starting lineup before the game, but Wallace responded on the floor with his best all-around game of the season, tallying nine points, nine rebounds and three assists over 23 minutes.   
 
 ROOKIE WATCH :  Kelly Olynyk  -- The Celtics' first round pick had the best game of his young NBA career, posting 14 points, eight rebounds and three assists over a career high 31 minutes.  
 
 GOOD MOVE : After an underwhelming 0-for-4 start to the night, Stevens opted to bench starting center  Vitor Faverani  for the remainder of the contest.  Jared Sullinger  and Olynyk thrived off the bench in his place, combing for 26 points and 13 rebounds. 
 
 NOTABLE :  Jordan Crawford  made his first start of the season, in place of Wallace. ...  Phil Pressey  scored his first NBA basket in the fourth quarter and finish with two points and three assists in 16 minutes. ... The Jazz scored just eight points in the second quarter. ... Jeremy Evans  missed the game with a strained rotator cuff.  
 
 UP NEXT : For the Celtics, Friday @ Orlando, Saturday @ Miami, Monday vs. Utah. For the Jazz, Friday @ Chicago, Saturday @ Toronto, Monday vs. Denver.  
