Notebook: Raptors 94, Timberwolves 89 
 
 
 Scott Campsall, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Jan 17, 2014 10:52 PM - Updated Fri Jan 17, 2014 10:52 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Minnesota Timberwolves have lost 10 straight games in Toronto and are 3-16 there overall. 
 
 THE LEAD:   Kyle Lowry  and  DeMar DeRozan  made clutch baskets down the stretch to lead the Toronto Raptors (20-18) to their sixth straight home victory, beating the Minnesota Timberwolves (18-21) 94-89 at the Air Canada Centre on Friday night.  
 Lowry scored a game-high 24 points, dished out six assists and made a season-best six 3-pointers for the Raptors, who led this game from the opening tip.  Amir Johnson  chipped in with 19 points and  Jonas Valanciunas  led the team with 11 rebounds.  
 For the Timberwolves,  Kevin Martin  had 18 points and  Kevin Love  added 16 despite a horrendous 7-of-19 shooting night.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "For me, I make it my goal to just to stay with him, to stick with him like white on rice and make it tough for him, just crowd him. I know he shoots the ball well, I know he likes to get little drive floaters so I just try to pressure him and stick on him." 
 -- Raptors forward Johnson on guarding Love. 
 
 
 THE STAT:  This is just the fourth time all season that the Timberwolves have been held under 90 points.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  After a Martin 3-pointer brought the Timberwolves within two points with 1:27 remaining, the Raptors responded with a tough layup by DeRozan, a defensive stop in the paint and a gutsy step back three by Lowry, putting the game out of reach for good.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "Just growing up, man. I'm just grown up. I have a son, I have a wife. I have a family. When you hit that moment and it's just like 'hey' you've got to grow up sometime. This summer was a big summer for me, I got a chance to really work as hard as I wanted to and I got a chance to relax my mind and clear it. It just seems to be working." 
 -- Raptors guard Lowry on his personal development.  
 
 
 THE STAT II:  The Minnesota Timberwolves shot just 3-of-18 from beyond the 3-point arc. Lowry shot 6-of-9 from three for the Raptors.  
 
 HOT:  Timberwolves reserve guard  J.J Barea  came off of the bench and added some firepower to a team that was in desperate need of a boost. Barea had 14 points and a team-high five assists in 25 minutes off of the pine.  
 
 NOT:   Ricky Rubio  continued his struggles for the Wolves, netting just six points and four assists in 22 minutes. Rubio is averaging 8.1 points per game on 34 percent shooting this season.  
 
 GOOD MOVE:  After DeRozan started 3-of-4 from the floor, Timberwolves coach  Rick Adelmen  employed a rotating cast of defenders including  Luc Mbah a Moute , Barea and  Corey Brewer  to try and slow the Raptors swingman. That defensive platoon frustrated DeRozan into a 2-of-13 shooting display for the rest of the game.  
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "He's always played at a high level but he's shooting the ball really well. A lot better than any time; from the 3-point line, from the floor, and from the free throw line, that's a big difference. But he's always been a really solid player. 
 -- Timberwolves head coach  Adelman  on Lowry 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  Raptors forward  John Salmons  left the game in the first half with back spasms and did not return... Tyler Hansbrough  sat out his eighth straight game with a left ankle sprain...The final attendance at the Air Canada Centre was 19,800, a sellout.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Raptors, Sunday vs. Lakers, Monday @ Charlotte, Wednesday vs. Dallas. For the Timberwolves, Saturday vs. Utah, Tuesday @ Utah, January 24th @ Golden State.  
