Notebook: Nuggets 108, Magic 105 
 
 
 Michael Kelly, For NBA.com 
 
Posted Thu Jan 10, 2013 1:28 AM - Updated Thu Jan 10, 2013 1:28 AM 
 
 THE FACTS: Kenneth Faried  had 19 points and 19 rebounds,  Ty Lawson  scored 19 points and had a tie-breaking three-point play late in the fourth quarter as the Denver Nuggets handed the Orlando Magic their 10th straight loss, 108-105 on Wednesday. 
 
 Jameer Nelson  had 20 points and eight assists, and  J.J. Redick  added 17 points off the bench for Orlando, which has lost nine games by fewer than 10 points during this streak. 
 The Nuggets (21-16) trailed by seven late in the fourth before going on a 15-5 run to take control.  Andre Iguodala  had seven of his 11 points in the final period to help Denver avoid another home loss. 
 
 QUOTABLE : "I was talking to Ty [Lawson] on the sideline, about how we just beat L.A. [Lakers] and we can't have this letdown. Not tonight."  
 -- Kenneth Faried, on not getting another home game stolen from the Nuggets 
 
 THE STAT : The Magic (12-23) were called for 27 fouls and the Nuggets just seven. Denver committed just one foul in the first 21:27 of the second half. The Nuggets shot 36 free throws to Orlando's 10. 
 
 TURNING POINT : With the game tied, Iguodala missed two free throws but Faried came up big. He rebounded the second miss, didn't convert the putback but got his own miss and called a timeout before he was tied up. The Nuggets drew up a play for Lawson, and he drove through the lane, hit a layup and was fouled. He drained the free throw to put Denver up 102-99 with 1:27 left and they never trailed again. 
 
 QUOTABLE II : "I was a little disappointed at halftime we didn't foul. We didn't foul in the second half, either. Seven is kind of insulting and embarrassing to me because our team should be more aggressive than that. They should shoot twice that many free throws just to see what you can get away with.  
 -- Nuggets coach  George Karl 
 
 
 QUOTABLE III : "There's got to be a way I can steal some of those secrets and get my guys to not hand-check like his guys and to get his guys to play in a way that [brings] seven foul calls. It'll be interesting to watch it on film. The film never lies. Looking forward to seeing the seven fouls."  
 -- Magic coach  Jacque Vaughn 
 
 
 HOT : Redick heated up in the third quarter when the Magic built a nine-point lead. He hit two 3-pointers and an 18-footer to give Orlando a 75-66 lead with 2:08 left in the third. 
 
 NOT :  Arron Afflalo  did not have a good homecoming against his former team. Orlando's leading scorer finished with 12 points on 4-for-14 shooting 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT: Nikola Vucevic  continued his rebounding tear with 14 more Wednesday. Since the start of December, the Orlando center has double-digit rebounds in 15 of 20 games, and in three games he didn't get that many he had nine. He is averaging 17.2 rebounds in his last five games. 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA : Afflalo was given a warm greeting by the Pepsi Center crowd when he was introduced before the game. Afflalo played four years in Denver before being traded to Orlando in August. 
 
 QUOTABLE IV : "There's a lot of things. All you can do is correct it. Honestly, I'm tired of talking about it. It's 10 games in a row now, same [stuff] -- I don't know what else to say expect we need to play better and win."  
 -- Aaron Afflalo on the losing streak 
 
 GOOD MOVE : Karl put Iguodala on Afflalo for most of the game. Although Iguodala didn't have a big offensive night, his defense was a difference in the game. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH : Orlando was able to build a lead thanks to its trio of rookies.  DeQuan Jones  had 11 points,  Andrew Nicholson  had 12 and  Maurice Harkless  scored nine off the bench.  
 
 NOTABLE : This is the first time in his career Faried has registered 19 points and 19 rebounds. ... The Magic have lost four games by three points or less during their streak. ...  Andre Miller  finished with 18 points on 8-for-12 shooting. At one point he made eight straight field goals. 
 
 UP NEXT : For the Magic, Saturday @ L.A. Clippers, Monday @ Washington, Wednesday vs. Indiana. For the Nuggets, Saturday vs. Cleveland, Sunday vs. Golden State, Tuesday vs. Portland. 
