  Notebook: Bulls 97, Magic 83   By Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com Posted Saturday January 7, 2012 12:29AM THE FACTS:  Three Chicago starters scored 20 points or more including  Derrick Rose , who came two rebounds short of a triple-double, and the Bulls rolled to their sixth straight victory, 97-83, against the Orlando Magic.  Luol Deng  matched Rose's 21 points,  Carlos Boozer  added 20 and  Kyle Korver  came off the bench with five 3-pointers and 18 points.  Dwight Howard  scored a game-high 28 points and grabbed 15 rebounds for the Magic. QUOTABLE:  "Quite simply, we're not at that level, not close, and that's OK. I'm not saying that crying or complaining; that's just the way it is. You've got to face reality. We've got to put in the work to reach that level because right now we're not close to that level of play."  --  Magic coach  Stan Van Gundy. THE STAT:  After making eight of their first 15 shots, the Magic shot 7-for-27 for the rest of the first half, and except for a brief third-quarter rally, didn't get good shots for the rest of the game. QUOTABLE II:  "We definitely were contesting their shots. That was the biggest thing. Other than when they came down and shot the three threes to get back in the game, I think we did a good job of contesting their shots."  --  Derrick Rose. TURNING POINT:  The Magic had trimmed a 17-point lead down to three when Kyle Korver came off a screen after a timeout with 6:02 left, took a pass from Derrick Rose and nailed a 3-pointer, igniting a 17-3 Chicago run. HOT:  Kyle Korver shot 5-for-7 from behind the arc, including 3-for-4 in the fourth quarter. NOT:  Magic forward  Ryan Anderson , who came into the game as the NBA's 15th-leading scorer at 19.7 points per game, shot 2-for-10 snd scored five points. GOOD MOVE:  The Bulls were playing the first of seven games in nine days, but coach  Tom Thibodeaux  wouldn't look past Saturday night in Atlanta. "I think if you look that far ahead it becomes overwhelming," he said. BAD MOVE:  The Magic, down by eight, had the final shot of the first half until Dwight Howard was called for a moving screen, setting up Carlos Boozer's baseline jumper at the horn for a 10-point Bulls lead. IN THE ARENA:  The crew from HBO's Real Sports with  Bryant Gumbel  was putting the final touches on a feature about the Van Gundy brothers which will air for the first time on Jan. 24. Jeff Van Gundy was in the arena as an analyst for ESPN's coverage of the game. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Don't move Ryan Anderson into your starting lineup just yet. The Magic forward was almost invisible in 25 minutes. "He just didn't get in the battle tonight," Van Gundy said. NOTABLE:  Bulls guard  Richard Hamilton  sat out a third game with a sore left groin . . . Chicago had 10 offensive rebounds in the second half, six in the fourth quarter . . . Dwight Howard and  Glen Davis  had 27 of Orlando's 37 rebounds . . . The Bulls' six straight victories have been by an average of 16 points . . .The Bulls and Magic are now 41-41 all-time in the regular season. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Saturday @ Atlanta, Monday vs. Detroit, Tuesday @ Minnesota. For the Magic, Sunday @ Sacramento, Wednesday @ Portland, Thursday @ Golden State.  