  Notebook: Clippers 113, Lakers 108 Posted Thursday April 5, 2012 2:21AM By Dan Arritt, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The Clippers closed the gap on the Lakers again Wednesday night, spurred by another spectacular slam dunk by  Blake Griffin . But the Lakers showed which team still controls L.A., getting a combined 67 points from  Andrew Bynum  and  Kobe Bryant  in the 113-108 victory at Staples Center. THE STAT:  The Lakers have won four games in five days at Staples Center and Bryant had a big basket down the stretch in every victory. He sank a 21-foot fade-away jumper from the baseline with 24 seconds remaining to give the Lakers a four-point lead against the Clippers. Against the Nets the night before, he hit a 3-pointer with 10 seconds left to give his team a four-point lead. On Sunday against the Warriors, he made a 3-point basket with 1:39 remaining for a six-point lead, and Saturday afternoon against the Hornets sank a 3-pointer with 20 seconds left for a one-point lead. QUOTABLE:  "We got the W ... [Griffin] can have the highlight."  --  Lakers center Bynum of Griffin's slam dunk. TURNING POINT:  The Lakers let another sizable lead get away late in the game. They led by 14 points in the final minute of the third quarter, but the Clippers finally got some stops and went on an 11-0 run to cut the deficit to three with 10 minutes left in the game. They hurt themselves with turnovers and bad shot selections but finally took their first lead since the first quarter, 104-103, on a jump hook by  DeAndre Jordan  with 3:30 left. Bryant immediately answered with a jumper to re-take the lead, and  Ramon Sessions  stretched it to four points on a driving layup with 47 seconds left.  Chris Paul  cut it back to two on a short jumper, leading to Bryant's big shot from the corner. HOT:  Bryant let everyone know it was his night from the start, scoring 16 points in the opening quarter before finishing with 31 on 13-for-19 shooting. Bynum, who missed Tuesday's game against Golden State with a sprained left ankle, also established himself early, scoring 11 of his team-high 36 points in the first quarter and finishing 13-for-20 from the field with four blocked shots. For the Clippers, small forward  Caron Butler  carried the team for the first three quarters before finishing with a season-high 28 points on 9-for-18 from the floor. He had a costly turnover with 59 seconds left in the game, however. NOT:  After turning the ball over just three times through the first three quarters, the Clippers committed seven in the fourth, leading to seven of the 21 points for the Lakers. GOOD MOVE:  Just writing about Griffin's latest power dunk doesn't seem to do it justice. This thing is best viewed in slow motion. Trailing by nine with 7:55 left in the third quarter, Paul and Griffin worked a pick-and-roll to perfection, leaving Griffin one on with just Lakers forward  Pau Gasol  between him and the rim. Gasol rose up to block the shot, but Griffin rose much higher, getting extra leverage with his forearm pushing off the side of Gasol's face. Griffin hammered the ball through the rim as Gasol fell flat on his back, then stood over the fallen Laker for a brief second before he was pushed away by Jordan. BAD MOVE:  After the Clippers cut the deficit to three points early in the fourth quarter and had all the momentum, they made several bad decisions that kept them from advancing. On back-to-back defensive stops, they turned the ball over before getting it past mid-court, then  Eric Bledsoe  badly missed an out-of-control layup attempt with 7:16 remaining, allowing Bynum to score on a cherry-picking dunk on the other end to push the lead back to five. QUOTABLE II:  "Our turnovers hurt us in the second half, that's for sure,"  --  Clippers head coach  Vinny Del Negro . NOTABLE:  The Clippers have scored at least 20 points in 25 of last 27 quarters ... The Lakers have won by 10 points or more only once since March 1 ... Paul finished with 22 points and 16 assists, but the Clippers fell to 23-6 when he scores 17 or more... The Lakers improved to 18-14 against teams with a .500 record or better. The Clippers fell to 19-13. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Thursday @ Sacramento, Saturday vs. Sacramento, Monday @ Memphis. For the Lakers, Friday vs. Houston, Saturday @ Phoenix, Monday @ New Orleans.  