Notebook: Grizzlies 85, Wizards 76 
 
 
 Marlon W. Morgan, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Feb 01, 2013 11:31 PM - Updated Fri Feb 01, 2013 11:31 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:   Tayshaun Prince  was worried about being too nervous prior to making his debut with the Memphis Grizzlies. But after knocking down his first three shots off the bench, the FedExForum crowd embraced the newly acquired Prince, who scored 14 points on 7-for-11 shooting to help the Grizzlies beat Washington 85-76. Prince was one of three new Grizzlies who were acquired in Wednesday's three-team trade with Toronto and Detroit that sent Grizzlies star  Rudy Gay  and  Hamed Haddadi  to the Raptors.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "Being with the same team for so long, and seeing all these trades over the years and never being a part of that, and then all of the sudden you're a part of it is definitely different. But the guys made it easy for me, the staff made it easy for me and definitely the fans made it easy for me. I think when guys come in a different situation, everybody around him has to make him welcome. That's how I felt."  
 -- Tayshaun Prince 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Grizzlies gave up 30 points to the Wizards in the first quarter as they trailed 30-23 after allowing Washington to shoot 62 percent. However, Washington scored just 46 points in the final three quarters and finished the game shooting 41 percent.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  After trailing the Wizards for most of the first half, the Grizzlies went on a 13-4 run early in the third quarter that gave them the lead for good at 52-48. During that run, the Grizzlies defense held Washington scoreless for a three-minute stretch. 
 
 HOT:  Realizing he needed to step up his game until the newcomers are acclimated, Grizzlies point guard  Mike Conley  was more aggressive in looking for his shot. Conley scored a game-high 18 points while also dishing out six assists. Defensively, Conley had four steals.  
 
 NOT:  Grizzlies All-Star forward  Zach Randolph  has looked like anything but an All-Star recently. Randolph scored just seven points Friday on 3-for-10 shooting. In his last three games, Randolph has scored a total of 20 points on 9-for-34 (.265) shooting.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I was scared. 'I can't catch a break,' was all I was thinking. I could still feel the pain, but I just tried to play through it and help my team out as much as possible. I just hoped it wasn't anything serious so that I could keep playing for the rest of the season."  
 -- Washington guard  John Wall  after straining his left shoulder in the first half. He did return in the second half.  
 
 
 NOTABLE:  The other players acquired Wednesday,  Austin Daye  and  Ed Davis , also got their feet wet Friday night. Davis played five minutes in the first half and scored two points, while Daye played just under five minutes and had one point. ... With the Grizzlies having two practice days before their next game Tuesday against Phoenix, coach  Lionel Hollins  plans to use that time to get Prince, Daye and Davis up to speed on their offensive and defensive plays. While Prince will be a fixture in the lineup, it'll be up to Davis and Daye to earn their minutes, Hollins said. With three new players in the mix, Hollins said rookie point guard  Tony Wroten  could be the odd man out of the rotation. ... Prince had started 672 consecutive games for the Detroit before coming off the bench Friday. ... With his 13 points and season-high 15 rebounds, Memphis center  Marc Gasol  had his seventh double-double of the season. The Grizzlies are now 6-1 in those games. ... Washington center  Emeka Okafor  had eight points and 10 rebounds, breaking his three-game streak of at least 15 points and 15 or more rebound. ... Washington forward  Nene  was the only Wizard in double figures with 14 points.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Wizards, Saturday at San Antonio, Monday vs. L.A. Clippers, Wednesday vs. New York. For the Grizzlies, Tuesday vs. Phoenix, Wednesday at Atlanta, Friday vs. Golden State. 
