Notebook: Grizzlies 100, Celtics 93 
 
 
 Brian Robb, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Nov 27, 2013 11:23 PM - Updated Wed Nov 27, 2013 11:23 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Memphis Grizzlies scored their first 20 points of the game in the paint.  
 
 THE LEAD:   Jerryd Bayless  had a team-high 22 points off the bench for the Memphis Grizzlies, as the visitors held off a late frantic charge from the Boston Celtics and escaped with a 100-93 win at TD Garden.  Jared Sullinger  had 17 of his 23 points in the fourth quarter, as the Celtics closed a 19-point deficit to three in the game's closing seconds, before Memphis clinched the game at the free-throw line.  Jeff Green  had a game-high 26 points for the Celtics. With the win, Memphis swept the season series against Boston.    
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I think we got some great defensive rebounds from them missing a couple of their looks. Good outlet passes, good steals and finishing in transition. When our defense is playing well, we play well." 
 -- Grizzlies'  Mike Conley 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Celtics scored just 13 points in the first quarter on 5-for-18 shooting. That was their lowest offensive output in a first quarter this season.   
 
 TURNING POINT:  Memphis closed out the first quarter with a 11-0 run, pushing an early three-point lead to 13. The Grizz sustained this edge for nearly the entire contest, before Boston's late comeback. The Celtics got no closer than five points before the game's final minute.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We just learn from it. That's the fight we gotta have all game. We got in a hole early in the first quarter, but it was great to see us battling. But we can't put ourselves in that position." 
 -- Jeff Green on Boston's late comeback 
 
 
 HOT:   Conley -- The point guard lived up to his billing as the top scorer for Memphis early, scoring 10 of his 14 points in the first quarter on 5-for-6 shooting.   
 
 NOT:   Kosta Koufos  -- Filling in for an injured  Marc Gaso l, Koufos struggled with his shot all night long, misfiring on eight of his 11 attempts from the field. Koufos did stay active on the glass though, and managed to grab a game-high 13 rebounds in 35 minutes.  
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:   Ed Davis  -- The reserve power forward took advantage of his extended playing time and put together his best all-around effort of the season. Davis posted 11 points, seven rebounds and three blocks on the evening and could become a factor in fantasy leagues while Gasol is sidelined.  
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:   Vitor Faverani  -- Boston's Brazilian big man tallied seven points and three rebounds for the hosts, but struggled on the defensive end against an experienced Memphis front line.   
 
 NOTABLE: Kelly Olynyk  missed his third straight game for Boston with a sprained right ankle. ...  Brandon Bass  started once again in his place and has a season-high 13 rebounds. ... Koufos made his second straight start at center in the place of Gasol (sprained MCL). Gasol is out indefinitely. ...  Courtney Lee  left the game in the second half with a sprained left knee. He did not return. ... Memphis led by as many as 19 points.    
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Celtics, Friday vs. Cleveland, Saturday @ Milwaukee, Tuesday vs. Denver. For the Pacers, Saturday vs. Brooklyn, Tuesday vs. Phoenix, Thursday vs. LA Clippers.   
