Notebook: Mavericks 110, Pelicans 107 
 
 
 Micah Powell, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Jan 12, 2014 12:10 AM - Updated Sun Jan 12, 2014 1:51 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  At 35 years and 206 days,  Dirk Nowitzki  became the oldest player to score 40 points in a game since  Shaquille O'Neal , 36 years and 358 days, logged 46 points on Feb. 27, 2009. 
 
 THE LEAD:  Nowitzki recorded a season-high 40 points and  Monta Ellis  chipped in 26 to pace the Mavericks to a 110-107 win over New Orleans Saturday night in a back-and-forth affair at the American Airlines Center.  
 After  Darius Miller  canned a 3-pointer to bring the Pelicans (15-21) within one point,  Jose Calderon  made two free throws to give Dallas (22-16) a three-point advantage with just nine seconds left. With Ellis providing smothering defense,  Austin Rivers  couldn't get off a last-second 3-point attempt to secure the win for Dallas. 
 
 Anthony Davis  posted 28 points and 14 rebounds, and  Eric Gordon  tallied 20 points before fouling out late in the fourth quarter to lead New Orleans. 
 
 QUOTABLE I : "He's a great one ... The threes that he hit when we were struggling to start the second half, and then he got fouled on one or two of them, were just massive, massive plays." --  Mavericks coach  Rick Carlisle 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Dallas and New Orleans combined to shoot 74-for-86 from the free-throw line. Nowitzki set a season-high for a Mavericks player with 15 makes in 16 trips to the line. 
 
 TURNING POINT : After the Pelicans battled back to take a 99-97 lead late in the fourth quarter, Dallas rattled off a 9-0 run to take a 106-99 lead. Despite a late Pelicans rally, the Mavericks would not trail the remainder of the night. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We wanted B-Rob [ Brian Roberts ] with the ball and they denied him the ball. With him not getting the ball,  Austin [Rivers ] got a little out of sorts. That's not his fault. But, he tried to get a shot off. I felt like he got fouled. If you look at the film -- I hope the league takes a look at that -- it certainly looked like a foul to me." --  Pelicans coach  Monty Williams 
 
 
 HOT:  Nowitzki, like the rest of the Mavericks, struggled in the first half, hitting just two of his eight attempts from the field. He found his touch in the third, however, connecting on 6-for-7 attempts and racking up 20 points in the frame. 
 
 NOT:  Dallas struggled to find its rhythm in the first quarter, shooting just 2-for-17 from the field in the opening frame. The Mavericks stayed close by getting to the line, shooting 12-for-14 from the charity stripe. 
 
 QUOTABLE III : "It was the fourth game in five nights, and it was the same for them as well, so it kind of looked like it. Then all of a sudden, the basket started opening up and everybody's confidence went up." --  Nowitzki 
 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT: Al-Farouq Aminu  continued his dominance over the Mavericks on the boards, pulling down 11 rebounds. It marked the third time in the last four games against Dallas that Aminu reached double-digits on the glass. ... Calderon nailed four 3-pointers and notched 17 points and five assists. 
 
 NOTABLE:  The Pelicans have lost a season-high five in a row. All five losses have come since  Ryan Anderson  (herniated disc) was injured...The Mavericks' 12 free throws in the first quarter were its most in the opening period since Feb. 8, 2010. ...   Shane Larkin  left the game in the third quarter with a sprained right ankle and did not return. ...  Shawn Marion  (shoulder/ribs) and  Wayne Ellington  (illness) were inactive for the Mavericks. ...  Tyreke Evans  (ankle) did not suit up for New Orleans...Nowitzki's 40-point effort was the 19th of his career. The rest of the franchise has four 40-point games combined...Dallas is 6-4 in games decided by three or less...The 42 points Dallas put up in the third quarter was a season high...Davis is averaging 23.0 points, 11.5 rebounds and over two blocks the last four games.  
 
 UP NEXT : For the Mavericks, Monday vs. Orlando, Wednesday @ L.A. Clippers, Friday @ Phoenix. For the Pelicans, Monday vs. San Antonio, Wednesday vs. Houston, Saturday vs. Golden State.  
