Notebook:  Heat 90, Raptors 83 
 
 
 Duane Watson, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Nov 29, 2013 11:04 PM - Updated Fri Nov 29, 2013 11:04 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  Since  LeBron James  joined the Miami Heat, they have won 12 consecutive games against the Toronto Raptors.  
 
 THE LEAD:  The Miami Heat (13-3) won their ninth game in a row, defeating the Toronto Raptors (6-9) 90-83. However, the Raptors didn't go down easy, battling back from a 20-point deficit to bring the game within two points in the fourth quarter. James scored a game-high 27 points, including 17 in the second half.  Dwyane Wade  added 22 points, seven rebounds, six assists and four steals as the only Heat players in double-digits. 
 Miami was very much in control through the first half, but the Raptors made a push to close out the third 78-70 on a 16-4 run. The Raptors could only get as close as two points on a  Rudy Gay  layup with less than five minutes in the game, before the Heat pulled the game away for good. 
 
 DeMar DeRozan 's 25 points and 7 rebounds led Toronto, while Gay had a double-double of 21 points and 11 rebounds.  Kyle Lowry  was the only other Raptor in double digits with 15 points and six assists. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We got to have these type of games throughout the course of the season. The games that will challenge you and tonight was a great example of how together we are. We've been in this situation and were able to handle it." 
 -- James on the Heat  
 
 
 THE STAT:  Points in the paint: The Heat scored almost half of their points in the paint (44). The Raptors inability to protect the interior yielded countless high percentage shots for Miami, where they were outscored (44-22). 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Gay's layup with 4:40 left in the game brought the Raptors to within two with the score 83-81, but James subsequently nailed a 3-point shot starting a 7-2 Miami lead to close out the game.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "It's not about the win at the time. It's about how we 're playing and building those habits and the process of what we're doing." 
 -- Miami Heat Head Coach  Erik Spoelstra  on the team's growth.  
 
 
 HOT:  Lowry only scored two points in the first shooting 0-for-3 from the field. He scored 13 in the second half and fueled the Raptors comeback, not only offensively but with his ball movement, defense and taking charges. 
 
 NOT:  The Raptors brought the game to within two points, but shot an abominable 2-for-10 from the free-throw line during the fourth quarter, easily making the difference in the game. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Raptors, Sunday vs. Nuggets, Tuesday @ Warriors, and Friday @ Phoenix. For the Heat, Sunday vs. Charlotte, Tuesday vs. Detroit, and Thursday @ Chicago. 
