  Notebook: Clippers 105, Rockets 103 Posted Sunday March 4, 2012 11:36PM By Matt Miller, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The Los Angeles Clippers were reminded of how vital a superstar such as  Chris Paul  can be to their success in Sunday's victory over the Houston Rockets. Paul scored 28 points, dished out 10 assists and made two critical plays in the closing moments of overtime to lift the Clippers to a 105-103 win over the Houston Rockets at Toyota Center. Paul was only one of six L.A. players to reach double figures, a group that included  Blake Griffin  (14 points, 11 boards) and  Randy Foye  (15 points on 6-for-7 shooting). Kevin Martin  poured in 25 points to lead the Rockets, but he missed 16 of 22 field-goal attempts, including a potential game-winning 3-pointer just before the final buzzer sounded.  Samuel Dalembert  (17 points, 12 rebounds) and  Luis Scola  (16 points, 12 boards) each added a double-double. Houston (21-17) has lost three consecutive games overall and two in a row at home for the first time since Feb. 2011. The Clippers (22-13), meanwhile, have begun a six-game road trip with two victories in three contests. QUOTABLE:  "The ball is going to be in his [Paul's] hands [down the stretch], and he's going to keep coming. That's what I love about him. Mistakes are going to happen ... but he made enough plays when it mattered ."  -- L.A. coach  Vinny Del Negro THE STAT:  Houston was outrebounded for the 10th consecutive game, but it was the rebounding disparity in the second half that stood out from the rest of the contest. The Clippers beat the Rockets on the boards 27-20 overall and 19-14 defensively after halftime. TURNING POINT:  After the Rockets scored on back-to-back possessions to claim a 103-100 advantage with 1:34 remaining in overtime, Paul assisted Griffin on a dunk and nailed a short jump-shot to recapture the lead for the Clippers. Lowry fed the ball to a wide-open Martin on the perimeter with less than 10 seconds remaining, but his deep jumper did not fall through the hoop. QUOTABLE II:  "When you're playing a team like that and you've got them on the ropes, you can't make any mistakes, and we just made a couple [too many] down the stretch."   -- Houston coach  Kevin McHale TURNING POINT II:  The Rockets held a 96-95 lead when Paul bulldozed Lowry out of his path to gain separation for a step-back jumper that put the Clippers ahead, 97-96, with 25.1 seconds left in regulation. Lowry found an open Scola during Houston's next possession, but Scola elected to pass the ball down low to Dalembert as defenders were closing. Dalembert drew a foul but made only one of two free-throw attempts, leaving the score deadlocked at 97 with 18.1 seconds remaining in the fourth. Paul ensured that the game would go to overtime when he lost his handle on the ball while attempting to juke Rockets reserve guard  Courtney Lee. QUOTABLE III:  "The only thing I kept thinking about after regulation was, 'Who at home watching League Pass calling me a dummy?' That's what I do when I watch games and I see a guy who doesn't even get a shot off at the end of regulation."   -- Paul on the last play of the fourth period. HOT:  Houston received scoring from an unlikely source as Dalembert made eight of 14 shot attempts and reached 10 points for the first time in 15 games. Dalembert also pulled down 12 rebounds to record his first double-double since Jan. 15. NOT:  Butler could not break out of his recent shooting slump Sunday, finishing 4-for-12 from the field. Butler has averaged only 8.7 points on 31.7 percent (20-for-63) shooting from the field, including 33.3 percent (3-for-10) shooting from 3-point range, and 1.3 turnovers over his last six games. GOOD MOVE:  Paul's court vision did not fail him, as the 6-foot floor general worked around well-guarded pick-and-rolls by distributing the ball to open teammates on the perimeter. The Rockets were content with giving up the outside shot after the way they had been dominated inside over the last few games, but Paul helped generate several scoring opportunities from long range thanks to his adjustments and intelligent decisions against Houston's pick-and-roll defense. BAD MOVE:  Dalembert had made a huge impact on this game through the first 2 1/2 quarters, but he attempted to guard a far superior athlete in Griffin on a drive to the hoop and picked up his fourth foul about midway through the third period. The decision proved costly for Houston's best interior presence and his teammates, with Dalembert sitting on the bench for the next 11 minutes. NOTABLE:  Del Negro said after the game that guard  Mo Williams  suffered a thigh bruise but is unaware of the severity of the injury. ...  Terrence Williams  may be the Rockets' new backup small forward. The third-year swingman played significant minutes in a hotly contested game for the first time since early January. ... Paul has posted a points-assists double-double in 12 of his last 17 games against the Rockets. ... The Clippers won in Houston for just the second time in their last nine visits. ... L.A. improved to 7-4 on the road this season when trailing at halftime. ... The Clippers are now 14-2 when they score at least 100 points. ... L.A. was the second Rockets' opponent in the last nine games to score less than 46 points in the paint. ... Houston lost a game that was decided by less than three points for the first time this season. ... All five Rocket starters scored in double figures for only the second time this season. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Monday @ Minnesota, Wednesday @ New Jersey, Friday @ San Antonio. For the Rockets, Tuesday @ Boston, Wednesday @ Toronto, Saturday @ New Jersey.  