  Clippers-Bobcats notebook   By Derek S. Smith, for NBA.com Posted Monday March 7, 2011 10:34PM THE FACTS: Blake Griffin  scored 17 points and grabbed 15 rebounds to lead five players in double figures as the Los Angeles Clippers downed the Charlotte Bobcats 92-87 Monday night at Time Warner Cable Arena.  Gerald Henderson  scored a game-high 20 points for the Charlotte Bobcats who have lost five straight. QUOTABLE:  We didn't go a good job at the beginning of the game, but the energy picked up for us. It was a matter of effort tonight. We just came out and performed better in the second half. We were more comfortable out there at the end and it paid off.   --   Blake Griffin, Los Angeles Clippers forward. THE STAT:  Freebies. The Clippers won the battle at the charity stripe. Los Angeles made 23 free throws on the night compared to just 22 attempts for the Bobcats. The Clippers are one of the worst free throw shooting teams in the league, but connected on 23-of-29 attempts in the win. TURNING POINT: Mo Williams  to the hole. The Clippers new point guard took  Shaun Livingston  to the basket for a game-changing lay-up. The Clippers have been more of an attacking team with the addition of Williams and with 5:30 to play in the fourth he scored easily and put the Clippers up by eight, 83-75. HOT: Boris Diaw.  The Bobcats forward scored 19 points on eight-for-13 shooting with eight assists and eight rebounds. Diaw came into the game struggling shooting just 4-for-23 in his previous three games. NOT: D.J. Augustin.  The Bobcats point guard was 4-for-16 from the floor and 2-for-7 from behind the arc. Augustin has been forced to be more aggressive on the offensive end with  Stephen Jackson's  hamstring injury however he has made just 35 percent of his shots in the last four outings. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  The Blake Show. Blake Griffin notched his 54th double-double of the season with his 17-point, 15-rebound effort. He was also 7-for-8 at the free throw line and added three assists. It was his eight straight double-double. He's averaging 21.8 points and 12.3 rebounds in that stretch. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Local sports celebrities were out in force at Time Warner Cable Arena.  DeAngelo Williams, Steve Smith, Ryan Kalil and Travelle Wharton  of the Carolina Panthers were all seated courtside. Also seated next to the action was NASCAR driver  Jimmie Johnson  and Bobcats owner  Michael Jordan. ROOKIE WATCH:  In addition to the performance by Blake Griffin,  Eric Bledsoe  scored 13 points in 21 minutes while  Al-Farouq Aminu  had two points in 26 minutes of action.  Willie Warren  was inactive for the Clippers. NOTABLE:  The Clippers won on the road for just the sixth time this year. Clippers guard Mo Williams had 17 points and scored in double figures for the fourth straight game since joining the Clippers. Clippers center  Chris Kaman  had his third double-double of the year with a 16-point, 10-rebound night. The Bobcats have now lost a season-high five straight games. Charlotte guard  Matt Carroll  left the game in the second quarter with a left ankle sprain. Bobcats guard Gerald Henderson notched his third 20-point or more game of the year Monday. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Wednesday @ Boston, Thursday @ New Jersey, Friday @ Washington. For the Bobcats, Wednesday vs. Chicago, Friday vs. Portland, Sunday @ Toronto.  