  Raptors-Lakers notebook   By Holly J. MacKenzie, for NBA.com Posted Sunday December 19, 2010 5:25PM THE FACTS:  On Sunday afternoon at the Air Canada Centre, the Los Angeles Lakers finished off a seven-game road trip by taking down a shorthanded Toronto Raptors team, 120-110.  Kobe Bryant  led the way with 20 points while  Pau Gasol  added 19 points. The Raptors were without leading scorer  Andrea Bargnani  who missed the game with a sore left ankle and  Sonny Weems  who missed his second straight game with back spasms. QUOTABLE:  "We relied on, played them a little bit longer. [ Andrew Bynum ] was active, his size made a difference. Obviously, Toronto had some injuries, [Andrea] Bargnani was out and that made a difference. They just didn't have the size to contest with us." -  Phil Jackson  on the play of his bench and his team's size advantage THE STAT:  A Raptors team without Bargnani and Weems left a shortened bench that couldn't keep up with the Lakers reserves. On Sunday afternoon, they outscored Toronto's bench, 57-27. Bynum had 16 points,  Shannon Brown  scored 14 and  Matt Barnes  added 12 as the bench put in 23 of their 57 in the fourth quarter, denying every Raptors' attempt at a comeback. TURNING POINT:  While the Raptors came out on fire, shooting 60 percent in the first quarter and leading by six after one, the Lakers settled into their offense and outscored Toronto 29-15 in the second quarter to take a 57-49 lead into the break. The Lakers quickly extend their advantage to 16 points to open the third quarter and took the crowd out of the game. While Toronto would fight until the end, they were unable to come back from a 16-point hole, especially without their leading scorer. QUOTABLE II:  "I've grown up watching Laker games. It wasn't really surprising what he did. Kobe's Kobe, what can I say? Those were some tough shots, but he makes them all of the time." -  Amir Johnson  on Kobe Bryant hitting an array of tough shots early HOT: DeMar DeRozan  finished with 23 points on 6-for-12 shooting, but it was his third quarter that drew oohs and ahhs from the Raptors crowd. After scoring four points in the first half, all on free throws, DeRozan scored 19 points in the third, making six of his seven shots and knocking down all seven of his free throw attempts. The quarter was enough to draw praise from Jackson and Bryant after the game, but wasn't enough to help his team get the win. Still, a solid effort from the sophomore. NOT: Jerryd Bayless  and  Leandro Barbosa  came off of the bench and combined to shoot just 4-for-19 from the floor in the loss in a game where bench play was the difference. NOTABLE:  The Lakers finish their six-game road trip with a 5-1 record. The Lakers have used the same starting lineup in every game this season. Barnes led the Lakers in rebounding with nine off of the bench. The game was a sellout with 19,935 people in attendance.  Linas Kleiza  started in place of Weems and finished with a game-high 26 points and 10 rebounds. UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Tuesday vs. Milwaukee, Saturday vs. Miami, Tuesday @ San Antonio. For the Raptors, Wednesday vs. Detroit, Monday vs. Memphis, Tuesday @ Dallas.  