  Notebook: Bobcats 98, Raptors 91  Posted Friday February 17, 2012 11:09PM Duane Watson, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The Charlotte Bobcats (4-26) defeated the Toronto Raptors (9-23) 98-91 to end a 16 game losing streak on Friday. Although the Bobcats boast the worst record in the NBA, they have beat the Raptors in their last five meetings. The Raptors are on a five game losing skid, all at the Air Canada Centre and are 1-5 on a 7 game home stand. In a closely contested game which never saw either team lead by 6 points throughout the first three quarters, the Bobcats pushed the margin to eight in the final frame. Outscoring the Raptors 30-22 in the final quarter, they shot .923 (12 for 13) from the free throw line to close the game on a 6-3 run. Reggie Williams  led the Bobcats with a season high 22 points.  Corey Maggette  added 16,  D.J. Augustin  had 11 points and 10 assists, while  Kemba Walker  added 14 points and 8 assists off the bench. The Raptors were led by  DeMar DeRozan's  24 points,  James Johnson  and  Jose Calderon  both added 14.  Leandro Barbosa  came off the bench to pour in 16 points. QUOTABLE:  "It was really good to get the monkey off our back. Just to get a win, shows that we've been improving. We've been doing a lot of stuff in practice and continually working hard and trying to execute at the end and tonight was a night that actually did that."   -- Maggette THE STAT:  7. The number of blocked shots from the hands of Bobcats center  Bismack Biyombo . He accounted for all but one of Charlotte's blocks and single handily out performed the Raptors four team blocked shots. His presence in the paint changed numerous Raptors attempts as they shot 41.7 percent from the field. Maggette praised his rookie teammate "I think he had 7 or 8 blocks tonight, but not only that he changed a lot of shots tonight that gave us an opportunity cause Biz came from nowhere." TURNING POINT:  As Barbosa broke down the court on a fast break with 1:45 left in the fourth, Walker matched him step for step, getting a clean steal as Barbosa went for the lay-up. That stop denied the Raptors a chance of tying the game at 90 and the Bobcats went on a 6-3 run to close out the game. QUOTABLE II:  "It just makes us more hungry, this win feels good, we're going to enjoy it right now but we got a game coming up Sunday and we feel like we can win that one too."   -- Bobcats guard  Augustin HOT:  Both teams had hot players in a close first half (47-45) with the Bobcats up by two points, Williams netted 16 on 7-for-9 shooting and 2-for-3 from the 3-point line. DeRozan finished the first quarter with 13 points and 18 in the half for the Raptors on 7 for 8 from the field and 6 for 8 from the free throw line. NOT:  The Raptors bench stepped up on Wednesday contributing 45 points against the Spurs, but came up short tonight, removing Barbosa's performance from the equation, the bench collectively shot 4-for-17 for 11 points. IN THE ARENA:  Hip-hop group  Naughty By Nature  was in the house for a halftime performance. Legendary rap group  The Sugarhill Gang  was also in attendance. NOTABLE:  Charlotte now improves to 2-15 on the road this season. ... Charlotte has now won five in a row against the Raptors. ... The Raptors trailed 47-45 at halftime and are now 0-8 at home this season when trailing at the break. Toronto is shooting .214 (9 for 42) from beyond the arc over the last three games. ...  Amir Johnson  grabbed a season and game high 15 rebounds... Biyombo set a career high in rebounds (13) and blocks (7) UP NEXT:  Toronto plays next Wednesday vs. Detroit, Tuesday @ Houston and Wednesday @ New Orleans. The Bobcats are @ Indiana on Sunday, Wednesday vs. Indiana and @ Detroit on Wednesday.  