  Notebook: Lakers 93, Heat 83 Posted Sunday March 4, 2012 8:08PM By Dan Arritt, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Shorthanded at the tip without starting forward  Chris Bosh  and missing a key contributor down the stretch after  Dwyane Wade  fouled out for just the second time in his career, the Heat couldn't overcome 33 points from  Kobe Bryant  and a strong all-around game from  Metta World Peace , leading to a 93-83 loss Sunday afternoon at Staples Center. QUOTABLE:  "Kobe continues to be efficient night in and night out. But I thought that not only was he efficient on the offensive end of the floor, but I thought defensively he was pretty good too."   -- Lakers coach  Mike Brown THE STAT:  A week after Wade broke Bryant's nose with a hard foul late in the All Star Game, the Miami guard played as if his mind and body were elsewhere. He finished with 16 points on 7-for-17 shooting and committed five turnovers. More telling of his off-day, Wade fouled out with 5:14 remaining in the game and the Heat trailing, 79-72. It was the first time Wade fouled out in the previous 258 games. He was also the first player for Miami to foul out in the last 89 games, the longest active streak in the NBA. Wade was whistled for four fouls in the fourth quarter alone. He wore a towel around his head while sitting on the bench the remainder of the game and afterward said he took a couple shots to the head during the third quarter. TURNING POINT:  The Heat trailed by as many as 14 points earlier in the third quarter, but cut the deficit to two when Bryant mishandled a pass at the top of the key and  Mario Chalmers  scored on a breakaway lay up. Bryant answered back with a turnaround jumper over  Shane Battier , back-up guard  Steve Blake  sank a 3-pointer and World Peace laid in a lob from Blake to push the lead back to nine. The quarter ended with the Lakers leading, 71-62, and  Pau Gasol  and  LeBron James  engaging in a shoving match. All that did was make the arena even louder. HOT:  Bryant has scored 31, 38 and now 33 points since wearing a face mask as a result of the broken nose. He opened the game by hitting his first five shots and scored 18 points in the opening quarter on 8-for-10 shooting against four different Miami defenders. Bryant, who shot 37 percent in his three previous games against the Heat, finished 14-for-23. ... World Peace also had one of his best performances of the season. A game after scoring 15 points against the Kings, he finished with 17 points, seven rebounds and a season-high four steals while spending a majority of the time guard James. World Peace came in averaging 5.3 points. NOT:  Without Bosh, a seven-time All Star who missed his third straight game following the death of his grandmother, Heat coach  Erik Spoelstra  chose to insert  Udonis Haslem  in the starting lineup for the first time since the 2009 playoffs. He didn't make Spoelstra look good, missing all five of his field-goal attempts while going scoreless in 20 minutes of play. The remaining big men weren't much better for the Heat.  Joel Anthony  went scoreless until notching seven points in the final quarter, and backup forward  Juwon Howard  was 0-for-5 with three points. GOOD MOVE:  Battier probably should have started the game, but at least Spoelstra had the foresight to start him in the second half. Battier had the energy and quickness to give Gasol problems on the offensive end. He had five points, two assists, a steal and a rebound in the third quarter to help the Heat claw back from the 14-point deficit. His 3-point basket with 7:42 remaining in the third cut the lead to 56-49. BAD MOVE:  Other than not starting Battier, the other questionable move was listing rookie forward  Mickell Gladness  as inactive. The Heat were out-sized in the middle against 7-footers  Andrew Bynum  and  Pau Gasol , and Gladness had a better shot at slowing them down than the 39-year-old Howard. Despite the significant height advantage, Bynum and Gasol did a poor job controlling the defensive boards. The Heat finished with a season-high 18 offensive rebounds, compared to 17 on the defensive end. ... The other eyebrow raiser from the bench was Brown getting called for his fourth technical foul of the season after his team made a clean defensive stop with 3:01 remaining and holding a nine-point lead. QUOTABLE II:  "We weren't as efficient as we normally are. But, you have to give them credit, they've improved defensively and they did a good job pounding and continuing to use their size at the rim."   -- Spoelstra NOTABLE:  James had three turnovers after finishing with none the previous two games. ... In honor of the Nocha Latina event that pays tribute to the Latin heritage, Miami wore El Heat uniforms and L.A. wore Los Lakers. For the Heat, it represented the sixth different uniform they've worn this season. ... The Lakers improved to 17-2 at home UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Tuesday @ Detroit, Wednesday @ Washington, Friday @ Minnesota. For the Heat, Tuesday vs. New Jersey, Wednesday vs. Atlanta, Saturday vs. Indiana.  