  Notebook: Pacers 111, Timberwolves 88 Posted Monday April 16, 2012 10:32PM By Conrad Brunner, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The Indiana Pacers have entered April like a lion. Jumping all over Minnesota from the opening tip, the Pacers built a 25-point lead in the first 8 1/2 minutes and coasted to a 111-88 rout of the lifeless Timberwolves Monday at Bankers Life Fieldhouse in Indianapolis. Indiana led by 34 at halftime and 30 after three and gave the starters the fourth quarter off. All five scored in double figures for the 10th time this season, led by  David West  (22 points, 10 rebounds),  Danny Granger  (19 points, seven rebounds, five assists) and  Paul George  (18 points). Indiana held Minnesota to 37 percent shooting and dominated the boards 58-45 in rolling to their ninth win in 10 April games. At 39-22, the Pacers reduced their magic number for clinching homecourt advantage in the first round of the playoffs to three. Minnesota lost its 10th straight to fall to 25-37. QUOTABLE:  "We keep talking about regardless of who we're playing we want to play suffocating defense, the type of defense that's going to help us win in the playoffs. We definitely came out with that killer instinct tonight and really guarded them well in the first half."   --  Indiana head coach  Frank Vogel. THE STAT:  Minnesota lost its 26th consecutive April game, matching the NBA record for any month. The Timberwolves have not won a game in April since 2009. TURNING POINT:  It is not an exaggeration to say the opening tip. The Pacers bolted out to an 18-2 lead in the first six minutes as Minnesota missed 10 of its first 11 shots and then ran it up to 32-7 with 3:31 left in the first quarter. Minnesota's reserves put together an 18-0 run during garbage time in the fourth quarter to cut the lead to 95-81 but a 3-pointer by  A.J. Price  put an end to that mild threat. QUOTABLE II:  "He's still a little passive, he still doesn't have his explosiveness. In fact he's likely going to be out (Tuesday) night (in Philadelphia). He felt like it was pulling on him all night, he didn't have the explosiveness to go by big guys in the pick-and-roll game. We're going to give it a few more days to see if we can get him feeling 100 percent."   --  Vogel on  Darren Collison , who returned after missing four games with a sore groin. HOT:  West shot 9-of-14 overall and scored the Pacers' first 12 points of the second half.  Roy Hibbert  had his fourth consecutive double-double and 20th of the season. Granger shot 5-of-7 from the 3-point line and scored at least 18 for the 12th game in a row. NOT: Anthony Randolph  came in averaging 22 points on 59 percent shooting in his previous three games but shot 1-of-7 and scored six points.  Derrick Williams  shot 3-of-15, including 0-of-6 from the 3-point line, and  J.J. Barea  was 5-of-14. QUOTABLE III:  "I would doubt seriously if we're going to see him. If we do, it'll be the last couple of games."   --  Minnesota head coach  Rick Adelman  on  Kevin Love , who missed his third game in a row with a concussion. GOOD MOVE:  Though Collison was back in uniform, Vogel stuck with  George Hill  as the starter at the point and was rewarded with another solid outing, 11 points, four assists, three rebounds and one turnover in 22 minutes. Hill has 23 assists and four turnovers in starting the last five games. BAD MOVE:  Someone must've told Minnesota rookie forward Williams he can shoot the ball, because he just kept hoisting 3-pointers. Williams missed all six attempts and is now 37-of-135 on the season (.274). NOTABLE:  Collison's return apparently will be short-lived. After playing 19 ineffective minutes off the bench, he reported discomfort in the groin and is not expected to play Tuesday in Philadelphia. ... Indiana is 9-1 when all five starters score in double figures. ... This was the fourth game this season in which the Pacers held a lead of at least 30 points. Their biggest lead has been 44 against Charlotte. ... Love did not make the trip due to concussion symptoms and missed his third consecutive game. ... The T-Wolves also were without point guard  Luke Ridnour , out with a sprained right ankle. Ridnour told Adelman he expects to return before the end of the season. UP NEXT:  For the Pacers, Monday vs. Minnesota, Tuesday @ Philadelphia, Thursday vs. Milwaukee. For the Timberwolves, Tuesday vs. Memphis, Thursday @ Detroit, Sunday vs. Golden State.  