  Bucks-Bobcats notebook   By Derek S. Smith, for NBA.com Posted Monday December 26, 2011 10:45PM THE FACTS:   D.J. Augustin  scored a team-high 19 points to lead the Charlotte Bobcats to a 96-95 come-from-behind victory over the Milwaukee Bucks on Opening Night at Time Warner Cable Arena.  Kemba Walker  added 13 points in his NBA debut including two free throws in the final minute to seal the victory. Milwaukee's  Brandon Jennings  scored a game-high 22 points. QUOTABLE:  "My guys were really hitting the boards tonight. Just battling. That's what I've been preaching, preaching, preaching. Tonight everybody started to do that. That shows that we're going to try every game and that gives us a chance against anybody.    -- Charlotte head coach  Paul Silas THE STAT:  Rebounds. The Bobcats outrebounded Milwaukee 52-39 on the night. Charlotte, which was playing at a big size disadvantage at each position, was able to limit one of the league's best rebounding teams to just 14 boards in the second half including two offensive rebounds in the second half. TURNING POINT:  Charlotte rookie point guard Kemba Walker. The Bobcats took control and brought the NFL's  Cam Newton  to his feet late in the third quarter after Walker took on Milwaukee's  Larry Sanders  and crossed him over. He was able to convert a three-point play which drew Charlotte to within a point at 66-65. The Bobcats closed out the third on a 13-0 and trailed just once the rest of the contest. QUOTABLE II:  "We just needed to score points. We practiced all training camp to push the ball and get buckets. In the third quarter we just scored points out there and things started to click out there"    -- Charlotte guard  Gerald Henderson HOT:  D.J. Augustin. The Charlotte point guard netted 19 points on the night, including seven points in the final 12 minutes of play where he was 2-for-3 from the floor, 3-for-4 from the free throw line and added two assists for good measure. NOT: Stephen Jackson.  The new Bucks guard was limited to just six points on 1-for-5 shooting before fouling out in his return to Charlotte. The guard, a notorious technical-foul magnet, picked up his first technical of the season with 7:35 to play in the third quarter and fouled out with 3:56 to play. He was also credited with three of the team's 12 turnovers. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Charlotte's utility man  Boris Diaw  fell just shy of a triple-double. Diaw, who was listed as the team's starting center at just 6-foot-9, scored nine points and dished out a game-best nine assists while also grabbing a game-high 11 rebounds. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Charlotte owner  Michael Jordan  was in his usual bench-side seats, but he wasn't the biggest star in the stands on Opening Night. The crowd erupted with cheers as Carolina Panthers quarterback Cam Newton was announced during a break in the action. In addition, New York Yankees great  Derek Jeter  was in attendance as a guest of Jordan. ROOKIE WATCH:  Walker scored 13 points in his league debut, including a perfect 7-for-7 at the free throw line. Walker's final two free throws with 9.9 seconds to play put Charlotte ahead by four points and sealed the victory. He added three assists and seven rebounds to his stat line. Fellow Bobcat first-round draft pick  Bismack Biyombo  had one turnover in six minutes of play. NOTABLE:  Charlotte center  Byron Mullens  tied his career high with 10 points ... Charlotte put five players in double figures. UP NEXT:  For the Bucks, Tuesday vs. Minnesota, Friday vs. Washington, Monday @ Utah. For the Bobcats, Wednesday vs. Miami, Friday vs. Orlando, Sunday @ Miami  