
 Bobcats-Hornets notebook   By Larry Holder, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday December 1, 2010 11:11PM THE FACTS:   David West  scored 15 of his game-high 22 points in the second half as the New Orleans Hornets defeated the Charlotte Bobcats 89-73 on Wednesday night at the New Orleans Arena. The win for New Orleans ends a losing slide as the Hornets had lost four of their last five games after such a fast start. THE STAT:  Charlotte was held to its lowest point total of the season by a significant amount with 75 points. That was mainly because the Hornets held the Bobcats to only 11 points in the fourth quarter. The previous low for the Bobcats was 85 points in a win against New Jersey on Nov. 3. QUOTABLE:  "We just wanted to put together a complete game. We'd been giving up what coach said something like 25 or 28 points per game in the fourth quarter. We wanted to lock down and maybe we sacrifice some offense. We had to get them under control in the fourth quarter on defense."   -- West on an improved fourth quarter compared to the last few games. TURNING POINT:  West hit a seven-footer with 3:37 left in the game despite a foul by the Bobcats'  Tyrus Thomas . West also hit the free throw to give the Hornets 79-71. The game had been back and forth for most of the night with 16 lead changes. The West scoring sequence stopped that trend for good. HOT:  Hornets center  Emeka Okafor  was solid against his former team, scoring 14 points and grabbing 13 rebounds in nearly 38 minutes of action. NOT:  Hornets forward  Trevor Ariza  struggled mightily despite the win going 4-for-15 from the floor, including 2-for-8 from 3-point range, to finish up with 10 points. INSIDE THE ARENA:  NFL Hall of Fame linebacker  Rickey Jackson  sat courtside literally two seats away from Hornets minority owner  Gary Chouest . NOTABLE:  Bobcats guard  Stephen Jackson  served his one-game suspension Wednesday night against the Hornets. Forward  Dominic McGuire  started in his place and struggled going 1-for-8 from the floor for only two points. ...  Gerald Wallace  led the Bobcats with 18 points. ...  Chris Paul  only scored nine points, but he tallied 14 assists and five steals for the Hornets. ... The Bobcats thought they had a 45-43 halftime lead, but the officials took away a  Boris Diaw  3-pointer from earlier in the second quarter after reviewing that Diaw shot the ball after the 24-second clock had expired. ... The announced crowd for Wednesday night's game was a season-low 10,866. It's one of the smallest crowds in more than two years at the New Orleans Arena. UP NEXT:  The next three games for each team, in this format. For the Bobcats, Friday vs. New Jersey, Saturday @ Philadelphia, Tuesday vs. Denver. For the Hornets, Friday vs. New York, Sunday @ San Antonio, Wednesday vs. Detroit. 
