  Notebook: Magic 114, Bucks 98 Posted Saturday March 3, 2012 11:25PM By Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com THE FACTS:   Dwight Howard  led six Orlando players in double figures with 28 points and 14 rebounds as the Magic beat the road-weary Milwaukee Bucks for the fourth time in 22 days, 114-98.  Brandon Jennings  scored 27 points for the Bucks, who charged back from an 18-point deficit before wilting in the fourth quarter. The Magic shot 52 percent from the field (42-for-81) and from beyond the 3-point line (14-for-27). QUOTABLE:  "Dwight got the ball in the paint when he wanted to and scored. And when they got the chance outside to shoot threes, they knocked 'em down. So tonight no matter what poison we picked, it was poison."   -- Bucks center  Drew Gooden . THE STAT:  The Bucks scored 39 points in the second quarter and 38 points in the second half. QUOTABLE II:  "The offensive part of it was good . . . Our defense in the second half was a lot more like the way it needs to be."  -- Magic coach  Stan Van Gundy . TURNING POINT:  Two 3-pointers by  Chris Duhon  near the end of the third quarter sparked a 3 1/2-minute run that stretched a one-point Magic lead to 12. HOT:  Nine players scored for the Bucks in an amazing third quarter in which they shot 65 percent. NOT:  The Bucks have not been able to finish games. After blowing fourth-quarter leads in each of their first three losses to the Magic, they squandered an 11-point lead in a loss at Atlanta on Friday night and made only 7-of-23 shots with five turnovers in the final quarter Saturday night. QUOTABLE III:  "It's been disappointing, that's for sure. But there's nothing we can do but continue to work on it, continue to talk about it, continue to show tape and do our best to hold guys accountable and hope we can turn the corner."   -- Bucks coach  Scott Skiles . GOOD MOVE:   Chris Duhon  took over for a foul-plagued  Jameer Nelson  and played one of his better games for the Magic, making 4-of-5 3-point shots. BAD MOVE:  The same teams meeting four times in 22 days. What is this, the playoffs? ROOKIE WATCH:  In his first start,  Tobias Harris  dunked for the Bucks' first basket. He finished with four points and two rebounds in 21 minutes. NOTABLE:  The Magic had assists on their first seven field goals, four of them by Nelson. ... Howard had a plus-minus of plus-29. ... The Bucks have given up an average of 109 points over their last five games, four of them on the road. UP NEXT:  For the Bucks, Monday vs. Philadelphia, Wednesday vs. Chicago, Friday vs. New York. For the Magic, Monday @ Toronto, Tuesday @ Charlotte, Thursday @ Chicago.  