  Nuggets-Pistons Notebook   By Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday January 26, 2011 11:21PM THE FACTS:   Chauncey Billups  scored 14 of his game-high 26 points in the fourth quarter as the Denver Nuggets defeated the Detroit Pistons 109-100 for their seventh win in nine games Wednesday night. Reserve guard  Will Bynum  scored 17 of his 19 points in the fourth for Detroit. QUOTABLE:  "It's fun. They're showing me a lot of love and I'm just trying to let the people know what they miss."   -  Billups  on his late-game heroics THE STAT:  14. The Nuggets had lost 14 straight at Detroit's Palace of Auburn Hills, their longest active road losing streak, before ending the jinx Wednesday. Denver's last win in Michigan was a 99-88 triumph on March 10, 1995. The Nuggets can notch their first series sweep against the Pistons since the 1993-94 season with a home victory March 12. TURNING POINT:  After Bynum made a driving layup with 3:15 remaining to pull the Pistons within one, Billups answered 14 seconds later with a 3-pointer over the 6-foot Bynum.  Carmelo Anthony  followed with a three-point play before Billups proceeded to victimize Bynum and his former club with three more 3-pointers in the final 1:15. QUOTABLE II:  "Those were some tough shots. Not much you can say. Chauncey is one of the top guards in the NBA. He pretty much took over down the stretch."   -  Bynum  on Billups's big fourth quarter. HOT:  Nuggets center  Shelden Williams  had fallen out of coach George Karl's rotation after starting the first 26 games but he was back in the lineup Wednesday because  Nene  was sidelined with a pulled calf muscle. Williams responded with 13 points, one off his season high, to get the Nuggets off to a strong start. NOT:  Detroit reserve forward  Austin Daye  scored a combined 31 points in wins over Phoenix Saturday and Orlando Sunday but was held to six on 1-for-6 shooting. Daye missed both of his 3-point tries after going 4-for-4 against the Magic. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Nuggets guard  Arron Afflalo  continues to be a quality source for 3-pointers. Afflalo made 3 of 4 attempts Wednesday and is averaging 43.7 percent from long range this season, placing him among the league's top 15. GOOD MOVE:  The Pistons bottled up Anthony with a combination of  Tayshaun Prince , precise help defense and aggressive pick-and-roll play. Anthony was held to 5-for-16 from the field with five turnovers, though he did record his 10th double-double. BAD MOVE:  The Pistons wanted to switch  Tracy McGrady  onto Billups in the late going instead of the pint-sized Bynum but Detroit found itself constantly scrambling in transition as the Nuggets pushed the ball quickly. ROOKIE WATCH:  Detroit center  Greg Monroe  had another solid performance with 14 points, seven rebounds and two blocks. He came into the game averaging 10.5 points and 8.5 rebounds in January. NOTABLE:  Billups, Detroit's 2004 Finals MVP, received a raucous ovation from the crowd during pregame introductions. Pistons guard  Rodney Stuckey  suffered a right shoulder contusion with 1:37 remaining in the first quarter when he crashed into a Anthony pick. X-rays were negative but Stuckey did not return. Detroit guard  Richard Hamilton , benched the previous eight games, was not at the arena because of the stomach flu. Denver forward  Kenyon Martin  was dressed but did not play. He was getting rested on the second end of a back-to-back. The Nuggets have surrendered 100 or more points in their last 12 road games. Pistons forward  Charlie Villanueva  scored 11 points after missing two games with a right ankle sprain. UP NEXT:  For the Nuggets, Friday @ Cleveland, Sunday @ Philadelphia, Sunday @ New Jersey. For the Pistons, Friday @ Miami, Sunday @ New York, Wednesday vs. Charlotte.  