Notebook: Celtics 120, Magic 105 
 
 
 Brian Robb, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Nov 12, 2013 12:13 AM - Updated Tue Nov 12, 2013 12:13 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Celtics posted their eighth consecutive victory against the Magic Monday night, a streak that dates back to 2011.  
 
 THE LEAD:  Seven players scored in double figures for the Boston Celtics as they cruised past the Orlando Magic for a 120-105 win. It was the fourth consecutive win for the Celtics, a major turnaround after starting the season 0-4.  Avery Bradley  led the offensive barrage with a season-high 24 points, while  Jordan Crawford  added his first double-double of the season with 16 points and 10 assists.  Arron Afflalo  had a team-high 18 points for the Magic, as they dropped their third consecutive  game.   
 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "They're playing really well together. They played together some early in the first four games, but not as much, obviously, and even in the preseason, but didn't play this well together.  I think they're really in a nice rhythm right now and complement each other well." --  Celtics' head coach  Brad Stevens  on Crawford and Bradley. 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Celtics shot a scorching 60 percent from the field. That's the highest shooting percentage they've had in a game since April 2012. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Magic cut Boston's lead to three points midway through the third quarter, but the Celtics responded with a 10-2 run, pushing their edge back to double digits. Orlando got no closer than nine points the rest of the way after the run.   
 
 QUOTABLE II : "I think Brad should send me a fruit basket. Ever since the second quarter of our game at our place things have gone kind of opposite direction. His team is playing extremely well and we haven't played as well."  --  Jacque Vaughn  on Boston's turnaround since facing Orlando Friday night . 
 
 
 HOT:  Jared Sullinger   -- It was nearly a perfect evening for the reserve power forward, who started flawless from the field, hitting his first six baskets of the night. Sullinger provided the Celtics with a nice scoring boost (14 points) off the bench.  
 
 NOT: Jameer Nelson  -- Orlando's long-time point guard was bothered by the tenacious defense of Bradley for the majority of the evening. Nelson managed to hit just three of his 10 shots from the field, while also dishing out five assists.  
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Crawford -- The fourth year guard has thrived since his insertion into the starting lineup as a point guard. Crawford posted the fifth double-double of his career and added five rebounds and a steal in 32 minutes.    
 
 ROOKIE WATCH: Kelly Olynyk  -- After a slow start to the season shooting the ball (36.9 percent from the field), the former Gonzaga star had a breakout night against the Magic. Olynyk buried seven of his nine shot attempts, including 2-of-3 from beyond the arc to finish with a career-high 16 points.  
 
 NOTABLE:  Olynyk started his second straight game at center for the Celtics. ... The TD Garden hosted two games today, as the Bruins faced off with the Lightning in an afternoon matinee, before the arena crew made the quick switch from the ice to the Garden parquet. ...  Victor Oladipo  scored 17 points off the bench for Orlando. ... All 20 active players in the game scored at least a point. ...The Magic dropped to 0-4 on the road this season.   
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Celtics, Wednesday vs. Charlotte, Friday vs. Portland, Saturday @ Minnesota. For the Magic, Wednesday vs. Milwaukee, Saturday vs. Dallas, Wednesday vs. Miami.   
