  Blazers-Raptors notebook   By Holly MacKenzie, for NBA.com Posted Friday February 11, 2011 10:50PM THE FACTS:  On Friday night at the Air Canada Centre,  LaMarcus Aldridge  led the Portland Trail Blazers in a 102-96 victory over the Toronto Raptors. Aldridge finished with 37 points and 10 rebounds while  Rudy Fernandez  added 23 points off of the bench.  Andrea Bargnani  led the Raptors with 29 points in the loss. QUOTABLE:  "He's a special player. I tell everyone that I think he's the most underrated player in the league. I think the sky's the limit for him. I think he got snubbed for the All-Star game, no question about it. He's playing unbelievable."    --  Jerryd Bayless  on the play of LaMarcus Aldridge THE STAT:  Aldridge's performance in the fourth quarter: As of late, Aldridge has been saving his best for last and Friday night was no exception as the Blazer's go-to guy scored 14 of his 37 points in the final 12 minutes of play. Aldridge played the entire fourth and shot 4-for-5 from the floor while also making six of his eight free-throw attempts. TURNING POINT:  Momentum shifted towards the Raptors after Toronto opened the fourth quarter on a 15-6 run. Trailing by seven points midway through the quarter, Portland went to Aldridge on the offensive end and he responded. First there were two free throws, then an assist on a 3-pointer from  Nicolas Batum  and finally a steal that tied the game after it resulted in an easy dunk for Batum. With the game tied, the Blazers continued to go to Aldridge. A layup, hook shot, turnaround jumper, he showed off the full offensive arsenal and the Blazers benefited with the win. QUOTABLE II:  "He's an All-Star. The numbers say and the importance is the wins in the team. I think with all of the injuries we have, LaMarcus takes the responsibility on the court and right now he's an All-Star."    -- Rudy Fernandez on the play of LaMarcus Aldridge FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Who knows if either will have a duplicate performance anytime soon, but Fernandez and Bayless each logged their fantasy owners some points with their 3-point shooting. Fernandez went off in the first half, knocking down six 3-pointers, while finishing the game 8-for-11 from the floor. Bayless turned things on late, scoring all of his 18 points in the final quarter where he hit four 3-pointers and finished the game 4-for-5 from deep. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Former Blue Jays third baseman  Kelly Gruber  was in attendance sitting courtside. ROOKIE WATCH:  With  Amir Johnson  missing his first game of the season (and first since being traded to the Raptors in the summer of 2009), rookie  Ed Davis  got the start for the Raptors and was solid once again. Playing 28 minutes, he recorded a career-high 13 rebounds. NOTABLE:   Andre Miller  scored 13 points and added eight assists for the Blazers.  DeMar DeRozan  scored 17 points for the Raptors while  Jose Calderon  added 10 assists in the loss. UP NEXT:  For the Blazers, Sunday @ Detroit, Monday @ Minnesota and Wednesday vs. New Orleans. For the Raptors, Sunday vs. LA Clippers, Wednesday vs. Miami and Tuesday @ Charlotte.  