
 Pacers-Cavaliers notebook   By Sam Amico, for NBA.com Posted Saturday November 13, 2010 11:22PM THE FACTS:   Danny Granger  gave his best  Larry Bird  impersonation, making every meaningful 3-pointer, talking a little junk and scoring 34 points. All of it likely brought a smile to Bird's face, as Granger's performance highlighted the Indiana Pacers' 99-85 road win over the Cleveland Cavaliers on Saturday. Granger was 13-for-21 shooting, including 5-for-8 on 3-pointers.  Mike Dunleavy  added 20 points for the Pacers (4-4), and Roy Hibbert scored 16 with 13 rebounds. Meanwhile, the Cavs (4-5) lost their third straight at home, dropping to 1-4 in their own building. They played without starters  Anderson Varejao  (rib contusion) and  Mo Williams  (groin strain), and were led by  Antawn Jamison  (19 points, 9 boards),  Ramon Sessions  (17 points) and  Daniel Gibson  (15). QUOTABLE:  "Our guys have played together a little while. Familiarity is a good thing."   --  Pacers coach  Jim O'Brien THE STAT:  After the game, O'Brien asked reporters how many turnovers the Pacers committed. When informed the Pacers made 13, the coach seemed pleased. "That's our goal, really, to stay in that area," he said. TURNING POINT:  It may have been subtle, but the Pacers broke open a 54-all game at halftime by going on 15-8 run to open the third quarter. And again, there was hardly anything flashy about it. Instead, it was just lots of good ball movement, lots of good looks at the basket, and lots of Granger and  Roy Hibbert. QUOTABLE II:  "When you fly at their 3-point shooters, and they continue to make them anyway, that can be frustrating."   --  Cavs forward  J.J. Hickson   HOT:  Granger, Hibbert, Dunleavy and  Darren Collison  combined to go 30-for-54 shooting. The fourth starter,  Josh McRoberts,  was just 1-for-3 -- but it was McRoberts' reverse slam in traffic late in the game that put an exclamation point on the improving Pacers' evening. NOT:  Cavs starting shooting guard  Anthony Parker  scored just three points on 1-for-8 shooting. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Cavs forward  Leon Powe  (nine points, three rebounds) didn't put up great numbers, but as long as Varejao is out, Power will be getting some time. So he might be a worthy waiver-wire pickup. ROOKIE WATCH:  Undrafted Cavs rookie guard  Manny Harris  played 7:14 -- or 7:14 more than Pacers rookie small forward  Paul George , a lottery pick. Harris finished with two points. NOTABLE:  Pacers forward  Tyler Hansbrough  sprained his left ankle in the first half and did not return. ... One night after failing to pass for an assist, Collison finished with five (and eight points). ... The Cavs went just 2-for-15 on threes (13 percent), and were 32-for-83 shooting overall (38 percent). UP NEXT:  For the Pacers, Tuesday vs. Atlanta, Thursday vs. L.A. Clippers, Saturday vs. Orlando. For the Cavaliers, Tuesday vs. Philadelphia, Friday @ New Orleans, Saturday @ San Antonio. 
