Notebook: Bucks 103, Warriors 93 
 
 
 Geoff Lepper, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Mar 10, 2013 3:23 AM - Updated Sun Mar 10, 2013 3:23 AM 
 
 THE FACTS:   Brandon Jennings  scored 31 points and 10 assists, knocking down a season-high six 3-pointers as the Milwaukee Bucks dealt another blow to the Golden State Warriors' playoff drive with a 103-93 victory Saturday. 
 Bucks guard  Monta Ellis  added 26 points, five assists and five rebounds to help seal his second victory in as many trips to Oracle Arena since being traded from the Warriors to Milwaukee on March 13 in a deal for  Andrew Bogut . 
 
 Carl Landry , starting for Golden State in the power forward slot in place of injured All-Star  David Lee , had 18 points and 10 rebounds, but the Warriors' backcourt trio of  Klay Thompson  (18 points),  Stephen Curry  (16) and  Jarrett Jack  (11) couldn't outgun Milwaukee's high-scoring duo. The sixth-place Warriors (35-29) are one game ahead of Houston and 2 1/2 in front of Utah and the Lakers (both 32-31) in the Western Conference standings. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "Everybody was making big plays; Brandon was making some really tough individual shots, he was creating for other people. . . . Monta, at the level he's been playing at, he just continues to be on the attack."  
 -- Milwaukee coach  Jim Boylan 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The different in the clubs' second-half ball movement was obvious, and embodied by the fact that the Warriors had just seven assists on 19 buckets, while Milwaukee had 17 on 20 field goals. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Jennings and Ellis carried the Bucks' offense for much of the game, per usual, but when the Warriors closed to within one point with 4:08 to go, it was  Larry Sanders  (running jumper) and  J.J. Redick  (back-to-back 3-pointers) who crafted an 8-0 burst that put the game out of reach. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "When you have J.J. and Larry and those guys that come off the bench and chip in and do their part, it makes it so much easier for us and opens it up for us. It's hard for teams to guard us like that."  
 -- Monta Ellis 
 
 
 HOT:  Jennings hadn't done much against the Warriors since dropping a career-high 55 against them on Nov. 15, 2009 -- averaging 15.8 points per game in his next five appearance against Golden State -- but he broke out in major way Saturday. Jennings was more efficient in the first half, with 13 points on only five field-goal attempts, but took over after intermission with volume scoring -- 18 points -- to carry Milwaukee home. 
 
 NOT:  The Warriors' offense once again crumbled down the stretch, just as it did in a 94-88 loss to Houston on Friday. Golden State closed 2-for-6 from the floor with three turnovers. On the night, the Warriors had 17 turnovers, leading to a very costly 23 Milwaukee points. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "Well, both teams have a worse record than us so I would say they're not better than us. That being said, they played better than us on the given night when we've faced them."  
 -- Warriors coach  Mark Jackson , stacking his team up against Milwaukee and Houston 
 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  Ellis appeared to bark at Warriors owner  Joe Lacob  -- the ultimate decision-maker on the trade of Ellis,  Kwame Brown  and  Ekpe Udoh  for Bogut and  Stephen Jackson  -- following a third-quarter 3-pointer, but said after the game he was just exchanging views with one of the game officials. "I never talked noise in my career," Ellis said. "You never know, I might have to come back here and retire." 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Redick came up limping badly on his right ankle after landing on a defender's foot with his final 3-pointer of the game, with 2:47 remaining in the game. Although he returned for the final 1:49, it's not clear if he'll be available Sunday when the Bucks finish this three-game California swing in Sacramento. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Jackson rolled the dice with forward  Draymond Green  down the stretch instead of Bogut, and it didn't pan out, especially when the rookie -- shooting 20.7 percent on 3-pointers this season -- clanked a trey after Golden State had gone down 96-87 with less than three minutes to go. 
 
 NOTABLE:  It was the first time Bogut, selected No. 1 overall by the Bucks in 2005, faced his only other NBA club. The Australian finished with nine rebounds, four points, four assists and three turnovers. . . . Lee (right knee contusion) said he hoped to be healthy enough to face the Knicks on Monday. . . . Warriors forward  Malcolm Thomas , signed from the D-League on Friday, made his Golden State debut with 53.9 seconds left in the first quarter, eventually grabbing two rebounds. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Bucks, Sunday @ Sacramento, Tuesday vs. Dallas, Wednesday @ Washington. For the Warriors, Monday vs. New York, Wednesday vs. Detroit, Friday vs. Chicago. 
