  Magic-Knicks notebook   By Adam Zagoria, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday March 29, 2011 12:11AM THE FACTS:  In a game he called "almost a must win,"  Carmelo Anthony  scored a game-high 39 points to go with 10 rebounds and the Knicks snapped a six-game losing streak by beating Orlando, 113-106, in overtime at Madison Square Garden. New York, the seventh seed in the Eastern Conference, won for just the second time in its last 11 outings. QUOTABLE:  "I said that...that is how I felt...that is how we felt as a team that it was a must win for us. We as a team backed it up tonight. We showed when we play with energy and intensity, we just play hard a lot of things fall into place for us."   -- Anthony THE STAT:  The teams combined for 59 fouls and four players fouled out:  Dwight Howard ,  Hedo Turkoglu  and  Earl Clark  of the Magic and  Shelden Williams  of the Knicks. TURNING POINT:  With the Knicks up 108-106 and 1:16 remaining in the extra period,  Dwight Howard  committed a loose ball foul on  Amar'e Stoudemire  (20 points) and then committed his 17th technical. One more technical and he will serve another one-game suspension.  Chauncey Billups  hit the technical free throw and Anthony made 1 of 2 to extend the lead to 110-106. The Magic then turned the ball over on the ensuing inbounds play. The Knicks outscored the Magic, 13-6, in the extra period after  Jason Richardson  hit a 3-pointer with 5.7 seconds left in regulation to force overtime. Anthony missed a potential game winning flip-in and layup in the final seconds of regulation. QUOTABLE II:  "Carmelo was tremendous. I thought he was the difference down the stretch. He was great. I thought we defended the other guys pretty well but he was great."    -- Magic coach  Stan Van Gundy HOT:  One game after scoring his previous Knick high of 36 in Saturday's loss to Charlotte, Anthony surpassed his Knicks high for the second consecutive game. He had 19 points in the third quarter -- including back-to-back 3-pointers at the period's close -- falling one shy of the Knicks individual season high for a quarter set by Billups (20) at Cleveland Feb. 25 (fourth quarter). NOT:   Gilbert Arenas  started at point guard in place of  Jameer Nelson  (sprained left knee) and finished with nine points on 2-for-11 shooting. QUOTABLE III:  "You just draw a line in the sand. You're gonna kick somebody's [butt] tonight and you just do it."   -- Knicks coach  Mike D'Antoni INSIDE THE ARENA:  "Late Night" host  Jimmy Fallon  sat courtside. UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Wednesday vs. New Jersey, Sunday vs. Cleveland, Tuesday vs. Toronto. For the Magic, Wednesday @ Atlanta, Friday vs. Charlotte, Sunday @ Toronto.  