Notebook: Pacers 105, Nets 91 
 
 
 Conrad Brunner, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Dec 28, 2013 10:27 PM - Updated Sat Dec 28, 2013 10:27 PM 
 
 THE FACT:   In three victories over Brooklyn this season, Indiana has outscored the Nets 88-60 in the third period. 
 
 THE LEAD:  In what is becoming routine,  Paul George  scored 24 points,  Lance Stephenson  threatened a triple-double and the Pacers broke open an otherwise tight game in the second half on their way to a 105-91 victory over the visiting Nets Saturday before a sellout crowd of 18,165 at Bankers Life Fieldhouse. Stephenson, who had a triple-double Monday when the Pacers beat the Nets, scored 23 points with nine rebounds and seven assists while  George Hill  scored 21 as Indiana (24-5) won its fourth in a row.  Paul Pierce  scored 18 and  Mirza Teletovic  scored 17 for the Nets (10-20), who've dropped five of six,  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We were allowing guys to beat us with one on one plays.  That's what this team never gives up.  We do a great job of helping one another, being in gaps.  If we are going to get beat it's going to have to be by contested shots and the ball being swung.  So that's what we have to do. We have to sit down, guard guys and make them play on the offensive end as a team."  
 - Paul George 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The sellout was Indiana's ninth in 15 home dates. Last season, the Pacers didn't record their ninth sellout until April 12 (against the Nets) and finished with 10. The Pacers' average attendance of 16,950 is an 11 percent increase over last season. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Nets shot 50 percent in the first half and as a result trailed just 58-56 at intermission. But Indiana once again found another gear coming out of the locker room, opening the third quarter with a 14-5 burst fueled by four steals that were converted into nine points to push the lead to 72-61. George and Hill combined for 10 of the points. The Nets got no closer than seven the rest of the way. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I am beginning to feel very confident in what I'm doing and how I'm doing it.  I'm comfortable out there and having fun."  
 -- Lance Stephenson 
 
 
 HOT:  George shot 9-for-13 overall, 3-for-6 from the 3-point line. ... Stephenson was 7-for-11 and Hill 6-for-10. ... Teletovic was 7-for-13 and Pierce 8-for-14 for the Nets, while  Deron Williams  was 6-for-11. 
 
 NOT:   Danny Granger  continued to struggle with his shooting touch, going 3-for-9 to bring his four-game total to 8-for-31 (.258). Granger is 6-for-14 from the 3-point line but 2-for-17 inside the arc. ...  Kevin Garnett  shot 1-for-5 and managed just two points in 20:53. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "For us coming out of that locker room we know Indiana's the best with the third quarters they've had.  They've played from behind and they've always looked at the third quarter for them to gain a lead.  They took control of the third quarter with our turnovers and those turnovers converting into layups."  
 -- Nets coach  Jason Kidd 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  Indiana has won the last four games by an average margin of 22.8 points. ... Stephenson established career highs with eight free throws attempted and made, all in the second quarter. ... When Granger made a layup late in the first quarter, it was his first two-point field goal of the season after missing his first 10 tries inside the arc. ... Indiana backup center  Ian Mahinmi  sustained a broken tooth in the fourth quarter, the result of a stray elbow from  Jason Terry . The two were former teammates in Dallas. ... Garnett picked up his fourth technical foul of the season in the first quarter for protesting a foul call. ... Hibbert earned his first technical of the season in the fourth quarter for responding to a hard foul by  Reggie Evans . The two had to be separated by teammates as the teams left the floor after the game. ... Williams scored 14 with six assists, while  Alan Anderson  had 10 off the bench for Brooklyn. .... Hibbert had 11 points and  David West  10 with seven rebounds and six assists for Indiana. ... The Nets used their 14th different starting lineup in 30 games: Deron Williams,  Joe Johnson , Paul Pierce, Mirza Teletovic and Kevin Garnett. ...  Brook Lopez  will undergo surgery on his broken right foot on Jan. 4, the Nets announced. It will be the third procedure in two years for Lopez, who originally sustained the fifth metatarsal fracture in 2011 and had a screw implanted. When that screw bent, he had it replaced this past offseason. Lopez is expected to miss the rest of the season. ... In addition to Lopez, the Nets were without  Andray Blatche , who missed his second game in a row for personal reasons, and  Andrei Kirilenko , who has missed 26 games due to back spasms. 
 
 UP NEXT:   For the Pacers, Tuesday vs. Cleveland, Wednesday at Toronto, Saturday vs. New Orleans. For the Nets, Tuesday at San Antonio, Thursday at Oklahoma City, Saturday vs. Cleveland. 
