Notebook: Heat 97, Magic 96 
 
 
 Zachary Paul, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Mar 06, 2013 11:35 PM - Updated Wed Mar 06, 2013 11:35 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:   The Miami Heat defeated the Orlando Magic 97-96 Wednesday at AmericanAirlines Arena.  
 The Heat nearly blew a 20-point, second-half lead, but  LeBron James  hit a layup with three seconds remaining for the winning points. The victory was Miami's 16th straight, extending the franchise record.  
 James led all scores with 26 points, making 11 of 12 from the foul line. Guard  Dwyane Wade  finished with 24 points and six rebounds while center  Chris Bosh  had 17 points and 10 rebounds.  
 The Heat were able to withstand another strong game by Magic center  Nikola Vucevic , who had 25 points and 21 rebounds. It was his second 20-point, 20-rebound game against the Heat this season.  
 
 QUOTABLE:   "First of all, we have to give Orlando a lot of credit. In both games that we played, they've given us everything we could handle. They took it to us. Even being down 22, they didn't show any kind of discouragement. They just kept on coming at us ...We did enough to win there at end."  
 -- Heat coach  Erik Spoelstra    
 
 
 THE STAT:   The Heat made 27 of 31 free throws to offset shooting 43 percent from the field.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Heat could not relax until James hit the driving layup with three seconds remaining.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "You can add it up. Thirty-one fouls to 17 fouls and three or four guys foul out but one day we well get there. This is tough. You got guys who battled, who really wanted this game and deserved to win this game."  
 -- Magic coach  Jacque Vaughn    
 
 
 HOT:  Wade turned in yet another efficient performance. He started by making nine of his first 11 shots. His increase in production has taken some of the scoring load off James of late. He finished 10 of 16 from the field.  
 
 NOT:   The Magic backcourt of  Arron Aflalo  and  Jameer Nelson  had all sorts of problems in the early stages. At one point, they were 7-of-26 from the field before finishing 11-of-34. Their struggles left too much of the scoring up to Vucevic and  Al Harrington .  
 
 GOOD MOVE:  After getting off to slow starts in the past few games, Bosh was aggressive in the early stages. That usually means the Heat offense is flowing when he gets going early. His presence eventually opened things up for Wade and James. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Despite their poor shooting from the arc, the Magic kept firing away. The move backfired because Nelson and Afflalo were both ineffective from the 3-point line for the most part. The Magic shot 6 of 28 from the arc.  
 
 NOTABLE:  The Heat improved to 27-3 at home ... Miami swingman played in consecutive games for the first time since Jan. 23-25 ... The 16-game winning streak is the 17th longest since 2000 ... This was the Heat's first one-point victory of the season, while handing Orlando its first one-point loss.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Wednesday vs. Magic, Friday vs. Sixers, Sunday vs. Pacers. For the Magic, Friday vs. Pacers, Sunday vs. Sixers, Tuesday vs. Lakers.  
