
 Blazers-Thunder notebook   By Randy Renner, NBA.com  Posted Saturday November 13, 2010 1:31AM THE FACTS:  Thunder point guard  Russell Westbrook  scored a career high 36 points and All-Star forward  Kevin Durant  added 34 to lead the Oklahoma City Thunder to a thrilling 110-108 win over the Portland Trail Blazers.  Brandon Roy  led the Blazers with 24 points.  Nicolas Batum  added 21. Oklahoma City has beaten Portland twice this season by a total of three points. QUOTABLE:  "We got the stops we needed in the fourth quarter. Our guys really responded by buckling down on defense."  --Thunder coach  Scott Brooks THE STAT:  In the last 3:21 the Thunder were 5-for-6 and blocked two Portland shots while holding the Trail Blazers to just 3-for-10 shooting. TURNING POINT:  A Russell Westbrook block of a  Rudy Fernandez  shot with 3:04 to go led to a Kevin Durant step-back jumper from 11-feet to give OKC the lead for good at 101-100. QUOTABLE II:  "We said at halftime the first team to play some defense would win. We just have to make plays late in the fourth quarter."    --Trail Blazers coach  Nate McMillan HOT:  Durant was 5-for-6 in the fourth quarter for 11 points. He also grabbed a rebound and dished out an assist. NOT:  Roy was just 2-for-8 in the fourth quarter after going 7-for-9 in the first three periods. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Westbrook filled the stat sheet with 36 points on 12-for-22 shooting. He dished seven assists, grabbed seven rebounds, stole the ball three times and blocked two shots. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Local TV weathergirl  Emily Sutton  sang the National Anthem. The game was played before another sell-out crowd, the fifth straight this season inside Oklahoma City Arena and the 16th straight going back to 2009-10. GOOD MOVE:  Thunder point guard Russell Westbrook batted a pass from Blazer forward Nicolas Batum into the air, then batted it away from Blazer guard  Andre Miller  before controlling the ball and racing down court for a dunk. ROOKIE WATCH:  Portland rookie guard  Armon Johnson  has played quite a bit this season but tonight he saw only five minutes of action scoring two points. Trail Blazer forward Luke Babbitt did not play and neither did Thunder rookie center  Cole Aldrich . NOTABLE:  Oklahoma City came into the game leading the NBA in free throw percentage at 87.3%, against Portland the Thunder bettered that average by going 24-for-26 at the line (92.3%). UP NEXT:  For the Trail Blazers, Saturday @ New Orleans, Tuesday @ Memphis, Thursday vs Jazz. For the Thunder, Sunday vs Spurs, Monday @ Utah, Wednesday vs Rockets. 
