  Notebook: Magic 100, Bobcats 79   By Derek S. Smith, for NBA.com Posted Friday December 30, 2011 11:01PM THE FACTS: Dwight Howard  scored 20 points and grabbed 23 rebounds as the Orlando Magic led wire-to-wire Friday night at Time Warner Cable Arena to earn a 100-79 win over the Charlotte Bobcats in NBA action.  Ryan Andersen  led all scorers with 23 for the Magic (3-1) while  Corey Maggette  led the Bobcats (1-2) with 20 points QUOTABLE:  "Obviously with Dwight (Howard) out there being double teamed he really makes it a whole lot easier for us on the perimeter. He did a great job feeding us around the three-point line tonight and finds me open shots. He's makes it easy for us. We just have to shoot the ball."   --  Orlando forward Ryan Anderson. THE STAT:  Seven Blocks. The Orlando Magic had seven blocked shots Friday night against Charlotte. The interior presence of the Magic altered Charlotte's offensive plan forcing them to settle for lower percentage jump shots from the perimeter. Charlotte scored just 20 of its 79 points in the paint and shot a season-low 36.1 percent for the game. Coming into tonight the Bobcats had connected on 45.8 percent of its shots. TURNING POINT:  Slow start. The Bobcats needed to come out with energy like in the first two games of the season to set the tone against Orlando. However Friday night they were plagued by an extremely slow starts. Charlotte missed its first five shots of the game, committed two turnovers and fell behind Orlando 11-0 and didn't score its first points until the 7:54 mark of the first quarter. The Bobcats never led in the game and weren't able to get closer than nine points in the second half. QUOTABLE II:  "This was by far our best one yet. We opened the game with tremendous energy and defended hard throughout. We finished it out well and made good decisions all night. There really is not too much on (the box score) to be upset about tonight."   --  Orlando coach  Stan Van Gundy . HOT:  Howard. 20 points, 23 rebounds. NOT: Gerald Henderson.  The Bobcats guard was held to only eight points on 4-for-13 shooting. Henderson came into the game averaging 19.5 points per game and shooting well over 50 percent from the floor. He scored just two points in the second half. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Dwight Howard. The Magic center was a force to be reckoned with Friday in Charlotte. Howard scored 20 points on 7-of-16 shooting and added 24 rebounds, four assists, one steal and was credited with four blocked shots. He's averaging 17.0 points and 17.5 rebounds on the season for Orlando. INSIDE THE ARENA:  The NFL's Carolina Panthers are making their presence known at Time Warner Cable Arena. This time it was Panthers' head coach  Ron Rivera . He was announced to the crowd and received a large round of applause and made an even bigger splash when he gave his wife a kiss during the "Kiss Cam" during a timeout in the first half. ROOKIE WATCH: Kemba Walker  scored just two points against Orlando which was a season low. Walker has scored in double figures in his first two games. Charlotte's other first round pick  Bismack Biyombo  also scored two in the game. Charlotte's other rookie  Cory Higgins  was a DNP-CD. None of the three rookies on the Magic roster saw any action tonight. NOTABLE:  Orlando has now won nine straight against the Bobcats and 16 of the last 17. The last win for Charlotte was on March 14, 2010 ... This was Dwight Howard's 33rd 20-20 game and the first of the 2011-12 campaign. He recorded six such games in the 2010-11 season ... Orlando is now 2-0 in the second game of a back-to-back in 2011-12 ... The Magic had a season-best 12 three pointers in the win against Charlotte and are now 131-47 under coach Stan Van Gundy when making 10 or more treys ... Charlotte had just 41 rebounds after averaging 52.5 in their first part of the season ...  Boris Diaw  had six rebounds and six assists against Orlando and leads the team in both of those categories with 11.0 rebounds and 7.7 assists per game. UP NEXT:  For the Magic, Sunday vs. Toronto, Monday @ Detroit, Wednesday vs. Washington. For the Bobcats, Sunday @ Miami, Tuesday @ Cleveland, Wednesday @ New York.  