  Cavaliers-Heat Notebook   By Shandel Richardson, for NBA.com Posted Monday January 31, 2011 10:43PM THE FACTS:  The Miami Heat defeated the Cleveland Cavaliers 117-90 Monday at AmericanAirlines Arena. Guard  Dwyane Wade  led the Heat with 34 points while  LeBron James  added 24.  Chris Bosh  had 10 points in limited action. The Heat led 35-20 after the first quarter before holding off a push by the Cavs in the second. Behind James, the Heat regained control in the third and cruised to their third straight victory. QUOTABLE:  "Every coach would love to see that 48 minutes of perfect basketball. We want to build those habits where we're not having blocks in games where there are empty possessions. We're working toward that. We know that we're capable of more. I think everyone in the locker room is very encouraged by our health, and guys are starting to come around."  - Heat coach  Erik Spoelstra THE STAT : The Cavaliers dropped their 21st straight game, continuing one of the worst slides in recent NBA history. TURNING POINT:  There really was no momentum shift in this one. The Heat led from start to finish. Cruising was key for Miami because it wanted to use this as a time to rest some players. Bosh, coming off missing four games because of a sprained ankle, played just 25 minutes. HOT:  Wade shot 13 of 21 from the field. He put together one of his best second quarters of the season, scoring 16 points. He was also 7 of 8 from the free throw line. NOT:  Cavs leading scorer  Antawn Jamison  shot just 7 of 20 from the field. It's hard to blame him, with the Cavs recently decimated by injuries. They were without three starters. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  James was once again the Heat's top facilitator. He had a game-high eight assists, with most of the damage being done in the second quarter. James also added four rebounds and one blocked shot. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Entertainer  Sean "Puffy" Combs  and rapper  Rick Ross . GOOD MOVE:  The Heat continued utilizing different lineups in preparation for the postseason. With this being a blowout, it gave Spoelstra opportunity to develop chemistry with  Mike Miller  in the backcourt with Wade and James. The three-wing lineup features no true point guard, but has proven difficult for the opposition to defend. It also worked in Sunday's win at Oklahoma City. BAD MOVE:  Spoelstra talked in pre-game about the Heat playing a full game. Although they won three quarters, the second was one of the worst of the season. The Cavs scored 37 points in the second quarter, the most allowed by the Heat this year.  NOTABLE:  Heat guard  Eddie House  was fined $25,000 for what the NBA termed as an obscure gesture during Sunday's game against Oklahoma City. After hitting the go-ahead 3-pointer, House motioned his hands toward his groin injury as he raced to the Heat bench. UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Thursday @ Orlando, Friday@ Charlotte, Sunday vs. L.A. Clippers. For the Cavaliers, Wednesday vs. Indiana, Friday @ Memphis, Saturday vs. Portland.  