  Notebook: Celtics 91, Knicks 89   By Brian Robb, for NBA.com Posted Saturday February 4, 2012 1:05AM THE FACTS:  The Boston Celtics fought back from a 12-point second half deficit behind 30 points from  Paul Pierce  to defeat the New York Knicks 91-89 at TD Garden.  Carmelo Anthony  had a team-high 26 points for the Knicks who hung tough down the stretch and had multiple chances to close the gap in the closing moments. The Knicks squandered their opportunities, missing the all four of their shots over final two minutes, including a  Steve Novak  jumper with just two seconds remaining.  Rajon Rondo's  return to action also highlighted the evening for Boston, as the rusty point guard finished with seven points and seven assists. With the victory, the Celtics have won seven of their last eight games, while the Knicks have dropped 10 of their last 12 contests. QUOTABLE:  "It's good when you find ways to win. Things weren't really going our way, we didn't put our heads down, we just kept grinding. The defense started to kick in late, that was key."  --  Pierce. THE STAT:  Despite a second half offense that lacked any real rhythm, Boston managed to turn the tide against the Knicks thanks to their offensive rebounding. The Celtics, who came into the game as the worst offensive rebounding team in the league statistically, grabbed 11 of their season-high 15 offensive rebounds in the second half. Those extra opportunities enabled Boston to post 14 second chance points, which accounted for one-third of their scoring in the second half. TURNING POINT:  Trailing by just one with under a minute remaining, New York had a tremendous opportunity to re-take the lead from Boston. However, after Anthony dished upon driving the lane,  Iman Shumpert  missed a wide-open three-pointer from the corner, squandering the team's best chance down the stretch. QUOTABLE II:  "It's definitely not a great feeling right now. Winning is always what we play the game for. Right now we are not winning so it's a little bit difficult to deal with. We just have to make sure we stay together and keep striving to get better."  --  Amar'e Stoudemire  on his team's recent struggles. HOT: Ray Allen  - With under five minutes remaining and the game tied at 79, Allen erupted for nine points over a crucial three-minute stretch. The sharpshooter nailed two baskets from downtown and hit the eventual game-winner on a nifty up-and-under move with just over two minutes remaining, giving Boston just enough of a cushion to hold on. NOT:  The Knicks three-point shooting -- After the Celtics turned up the defensive intensity in the second half, New York struggled from beyond the arc, missing all 10 of their attempts from downtown over the closing 24 minutes. QUOTABLE III:  "We just hung in. It was one of those games, I told our guys, two weeks ago we absolutely lose. We never established rhythm on either end. But we just hung in there."  --  Celtics head coach  Doc Rivers. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT: Tyson Chandler  -- The marquee free agent signee continues to put up phenomenal numbers during his first season in New York. The big man finished with 20 points and 11 rebounds and is now averaging a double-double on the season. He is also shooting a career high 70.9 percent from the field. BAD MOVE:  With a chance to tie the game with five seconds remaining, the Knicks inbounded the ball to Novak, who had not appeared in the game all evening. The shooting specialist was put into a tough spot entering the game cold, and was forced to attempt a 20-foot fadeaway jumper from the corner that missed badly. ROOKIE WATCH:  Shumpert -- The rookie struggled while playing a career-high 41 minutes for the Knicks on the second night of a back-to-back. The hybrid guard missed seven of his ten shots and mustered just seven points and five assists in the losing effort. NOTABLE:  Rondo had missed the past eight games with a sprained right wrist.  Marquis Daniels  was a late scratch for Boston with a right ankle injury.  Kevin Garnett  finished with 15 points and eight rebounds. He also passed the 10,000 defensive rebound mark for his career. Garnett is now the third player to do that since the NBA began tracking defensive rebounds in 1973. Only six Knicks players played double-digit minutes. With the loss, New York has now lost 12 straight times in Boston. Their last win at TD Garden came in November 2006. The chippy affair featured four technical fouls, including one from each head coach. Stoudemire posted his 10th double-double of the season with 16 points and 11 rebounds. New York plays their third game in three consecutive days Saturday night at home vs. New Jersey. UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Monday @ Dallas, Tuesday vs. Toronto, Friday @ Portland. For the Celtics, Sunday vs. Memphis, Tuesday vs. Charlotte, Thursday vs. LA Lakers.  