  Wizards-Bobcats notebook   By Derek S. Smith, for NBA.com Posted Saturday January 8, 2011 11:52PM THE FACTS: Stephen Jackson  scored a game-high 21 points to lead the Charlotte Bobcats to a 104-89 win over the Washington Wizards on Saturday night at Time Warner Cable Arena.  Kirk Hinrich  scored 18 points off the bench for the Wizards who fall to 0-18 on the road while  Gerald Henderson  scored a career-best 19 points for Charlotte. QUOTABLE:  "We didn't have a lot of energy tonight and we had to grind it out. They went up by one in the third quarter and we ended the quarter up by six. That shows me we were really concentrating and into the game. That's what we have to do.   -- Charlotte head coach  Paul Silas THE STAT:  Second chances. The Bobcats controlled second opportunities. Charlotte grabbed 12 offensive rebounds and turned it into 22 second chance points while the Wizards managed just nine. TURNING POINT:  Quick thinking. Charlotte took advantage of a  John Wall  turnover and turned the game around. Stephen Jackson quickly inbounded the ball and found Henderson open under the basket for an easy two points with 1:06 left in the third. The basket was in the midst of a 7-0 run for the Bobcats to close out the quarter which took them from one down to six up heading into the final quarter. QUOTABLE II:  "You don't want to have them lingering around because anything could happen. We made a nice little push to finish the quarter and that propelled us into the fourth and we finished out the game. Sometimes when teams make a turnover they aren't really focused on the next play right away. We got the ball out quickly and got an easy basket."   --Gerald Henderson, Charlotte Bobcats HOT:  Gerald Henderson. The Bobcats guard got the start for the injured  Gerald Wallace  and made a big impact. Henderson had career highs in points (19) and rebounds (nine) while blocking three shots and adding two assists. "He has extreme confidence," Silas said. "He could always defend and rebound, but he didn't score that much. Now he's developing his shot and beginning to understand how to play and without him we wouldn't have won the game." NOT: Rashard Lewis.  The newly acquired Lewis had just four points on 1-for-5 shooting in just 27 minutes of action. Lewis was limited due to early foul trouble and was never a factor in the game. He came in averaging 16.0 points over his last three contests and had double-doubles in the last two games. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT: D.J. Augustin.  The Bobcats point guard has found new life under Silas. Saturday night he scored 20 points and added nine assists while committing just three turnovers and added two steals as well. Augustin has been in double figures in each game since Silas took over the squad from  Larry Brown. INSIDE THE ARENA: Michael Jordan  was seated in his usual seats adjacent to the Bobcats bench while The Gerald Wallace Foundation used an entire suite to host students and their families. Rapper  Master P  was also spotted at Time Warner Cable Arena. ROOKIE WATCH: John Wall  scored 16 points and dished out 11 assists for the Wizards. The guard was 0-for-5 from behind the arc and committed five turnovers as well in 37 minutes of action. NOTABLE:  Gerald Henderson scored a career-best 19 points with a career-high eight points while grabbing a career-best nine rebounds. ... Stephen Jackson recorded his sixth straight game with 20-plus points and notched his second double-double of the year with 10 rebounds. ... The Bobcats are now 4-2 under Silas and have scored 100 points in four of those six games. Charlotte is 8-3 when eclipsing the century mark. ... Washington's Wall scored in double figures for the 20th time this season and had his 10th double-double. ... The Wizards were outrebounded 43-34, but did have more assists, fewer turnovers and nearly doubled the Bobcats in bench points. UP NEXT:  For the Wizards, Tuesday vs. Sacramento, Thursday @ Minnesota, Saturday vs. Toronto. For the Bobcats, Monday vs. Memphis, Wednesday vs. Chicago, Friday @ Boston.  