
 Sixers-Nets notebook   By Jake Appleman, for NBA.com  Posted Wednesday February 2, 2011 10:39PM THE FACTS:  In a game that saw Nets coach  Avery Johnson  ejected for arguing a questionable non-call, the Sixers rode suffocating defense, a  Jrue Holiday  triple-double (11 points, 10 rebounds, 11 assists) and balanced offense to a 106-92 victory. QUOTABLE:  "The key was we had 35 fast-break points tonight. We did it off our defense."   -- Sixers coach  Doug Collins THE STAT:  The Sixers' starting unit finished a combined +61 while the Nets starting unit finished -75. TURNING POINT:   Andre Iguodala  had a hand in a pair of dunks -- an alley-oop feed to  Spencer Hawes  and a windmill of his own in transition -- to give the Sixers a 48-40 lead late in the second quarter. The Nets didn't get closer than six for the rest of the game. QUOTABLE II:  "He's got our back, he's got our back. It was definitely something the way  Devin [Harris]  went down and it's an emotional play. He's there for us."    --  Brook Lopez  on Avery Johnson's ejection FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:   Lou Williams  (26 points, 7-for-12 from the floor) was about as efficient as one can be offensively. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Nets general manager  Billy King  and Sixers general manager  Rod Thorn  enjoyed some food and laughter before the game. Thorn was the architect of the early aughts Nets teams that made two NBA Finals appearances ... In honor of  Derrick Favors  making the 2011 T-Mobile Rookie Challenge, the Nets showed a montage of his highlights early in the first quarter ... The words "Boom Shakalaka" appeared on the jumbotron after a Lopez block turned into a  Kris Humphries  dunk in transition. Boom Shakalaka is an NBA Jam reference ... After getting ejected, Johnson received noticeable applause from the crowd. ROOKIE WATCH:   Evan Turner  and Favors, both ballyhooed rookies, struggled mightily; Turner didn't finish with a positive +/- while Favors shot 2-for-9 from the floor. While Turner's team won, it's worth noting that Favors was leading rookies in field goal percentage heading into the game and that he finished with 11 rebounds and three blocks. NOTABLE:  The Sixers jumped out to an 11-2 run, even throwing a double-team at  Travis Outlaw  ... Harris converted an acrobatic layup to bring the Nets within two (28-26) to end the quarter ...  Orien Greene , signed to a 10-day contract, made his Nets debut and wore number 0. He scored the game's final basket. UP NEXT:  For the Sixers, Friday vs. New York, Sunday @ New York, Tuesday @ Atlanta. For the Nets, Friday @ Detroit, Sunday vs. Indiana, Wednesday vs. New Orleans. 
