Notebook: Heat 93, Celtics 86 
 
 
 Zachary Paul, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Jan 21, 2014 11:17 PM - Updated Tue Jan 21, 2014 11:17 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Heat are now 6-6 in games played without guard  Dwyane Wade .  
 
 THE LEAD:  The Miami Heat (30-12) nearly blew an 18-point first-half lead before hanging on for a 93-86 victory against the Boston Celtics (14-29) on Tuesday at AmericanAirlines Arena.  
 
 LeBron James  finished with a game-high 29 points, eight rebounds and four assists.  Ray Allen  hit a jumpshot with 1:52 left to put the Heat ahead for good as they finished strong to avoid another upset at the hands of the Celtics. The Heat played for the third straight game without Wade, who sat for maintenance reasons. Wade is expected to return for Thursday's game against the Los Angeles Lakers.  
 Without him, the Heat needed every bit from James and center  Chris Bosh , who finished with 16 points and six rebounds. They combined to go 17-for-29 from the field, helping offset an off night from the supporting cast. Only forward/center  Chris Andersen  (13 points) was able to contribute consistently on offense.  
 Reserve forward  Brandon Bass  led five Celtics in double-figures with 15 points.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "It wasn't a perfect game. Boston played extremely well. They did a good job defensively even with all the adversity they've had. They did a good job but it meant something to us tonight. Even if it wasn't perfect, the possessions meant something to us, mistakes meant something to us ... It starts with that type of pride in our defense."  
 -- Heat coach  Erik Spoelstra 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Heat held the Celtics to 39 percent shooting, including 5-for-27 from the 3-point line.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  Trailing 86-84, the Heat scored nine straight points to close it out. James scored seven points during the stretch. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I was encouraged by the second half. That's a very talented team (the Celtics). In the first half, we couldn't quite figure it out defensively. They were scoring, moving us around and definitely had us in some compromising positions." 
 -- Erik Spoelstra 
 
 
 HOT:  James did just enough down the stretch to keep the Heat from being upset by the Celtics a second time this season. Although he struggled from the perimeter, James was able to score around the basket.  
 
 NOT:  Celtics guard  Rajon Rondo  continues to struggle in his comeback attempt. Rondo did not score from the field, missing his first seven shots. He also missed a pair of key free throws with the Celtics down with four in the last minute.  
 
 GOOD MOVE:  The Heat's Andersen once again was able to take advantage of easy scoring opportunities. He finished 5-for-5 from the field, with most of his points coming on put-backs or alley-oops.  
 
 BAD MOVE:  The Celtics were competitive in the second half, but had no one to blame but themselves in the final two minutes. They missed a few open looks that would have tied the game and then there were the two missed free throws by Rondo.  
 
 NOTABLE:  The Celtics have lost 10 straight road games. ... Boston guard  Avery Bradley  left the game in the second quarter with an ankle injury. His status was unknown. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Thursday vs. L.A. Lakers, Sunday vs. San Antonio, Wednesday vs. Oklahoma City. For the Celtics, Wednesday @ Washington, Friday vs. Oklahoma City, Sunday vs. Brooklyn.  
