  Timberwolves-Hornets Notebook   By Larry Holder, for NBA.com Posted Monday February 7, 2011 11:24PM THE FACTS:  Forward  Kevin Love  dominated in All-Star fashion with 27 points and 17 rebounds as the Minnesota Timberwolves toppled the New Orleans Hornets 104-92 on Monday night in the New Orleans Arena. The Hornets have now lost five of their last six games. QUOTABLE:  "We didn't respect that team that had already embarrassed us on their floor, and they came out on our floor and did the same thing. A 37-point quarter is embarrassing. I don't care who is out."  -  Hornets coach  Monty Williams  on the loss THE STAT:  Love tied former Timberwolves forward  Kevin Garnett  for most consecutive double-doubles in Timberwolves history with his 37th consecutive double-double against the Hornets. "That's not bad," Love said. "I like that." The last time Love went without a double-double was against the Lakers on Nov. 19. TURNING POINT:  The No. 37 also helped the Timberwolves out for a second time as their 37-point second quarter outburst was the major difference as the Hornets outscored the Timberwolves by two points in the other three quarters combined. HOT:  Timberwolves reserves played a sizable role in the win. Forward  Anthony Tolliver  played 28 minutes off the bench scoring 12 points going 4 of 7 from 3-point land. Center  Nikola Pekovic  added 12 points as he was 4 of 4 from the field and 4 of 4 from the line. Guard  Wayne Ellington  chipped in with 11. NOT:  The Hornets when they play the Timberwolves. New Orleans has now lost twice to the Western Conference's worst team this season. Minnesota has 12 wins and and two came against New Orleans. QUOTABLE II:  "We're trying to get the guys to understand and hold on to a mental picture that they can play and how effective they can play. And it works when they are connected and can move the basketball."  -  Timberwolves coach  Kurt Rambis  on trying to gain consistency NOTABLE:  The Minnesota reserves saw so much playing time because of the compounding injuries. The Timberwolves lost two starters during Monday's win. Timberwolves forward  Michael Beasley  had to be carried off the court with 6:39 remaining in the game with a left foot injury. Beasley said he re-sprained his left ankle and will be day-to-day. It was the second starter Minnesota lost in the game as forward  Darko Milicic  strained his left hip flexor strain in the first quarter and didn't return. ... Center  Aaron Gray  started his second consecutive game for the Hornets for the injured  Emeka Okafor  (left oblique strain). Forward  Jason Smith  had been Okafor's replacement, but Smith missed last game with an illness pushing Gray to the starting lineup. Smith did return Monday night, though, off the bench. ... Hornets forward  Trevor Ariza  wasn't wearing a walking boot Monday night before the Timberwolves game like he did after the Lakers game, but Ariza (right medial ankle sprain) still wasn't healthy enough to play. Rookie forward  Quincy Pondexter  started for Ariza. ... Timberwolves guard  Luke Ridnour  (personal reasons) missed his fourth consecutive game as  Jonny Flynn  started. Guard/forward  Martell Webster  (back spasms) also wasn't with the Timberwolves. He missed his second straight game with the ailment.   UP NEXT:  For the Timberwolves, Tuesday @Houston, Friday @ Indiana, Saturday vs. Philadelphia. For the Hornets, Wednesday @ New Jersey, Friday @ Orlando, Saturday vs. Chicago.  