  Sixers-Lakers notebook   By Brian Chu, for NBA.com  Posted Saturday January 1, 2011 2:32AM THE FACTS:  Not much changed in the final day of the year as  Kobe Bryant  once again carried the Lakers down the stretch. Bryant answered the Sixers shot for shot, scoring 10 of his team's final 14 points, as the Lakers pulled out a 102-98 victory Friday at Staples Center. The Lakers, who have now won back-to-back games after dropping three straight, were led by Bryant's game-high 33 points on 13-for-24 shooting.  Pau Gasol  chipped in with 20 points on 9-for-12 from the field and Lamar Odom added 18. Five Sixers finished in double figures with  Jrue Holiday  tallying a double-double, 19 points and a game-high 11 assists. Off the bench,  Lou Williams  finished with 18 and Thaddeus Young had 14. Los Angeles (23-10) nearly blew a double-digit lead as they led by as many as 14 points in the game and held an 11-point advantage in the fourth quarter. The Lakers let the Sixers (13-20) scramble back into the game, but showed flashes of defense when it counted. Gasol had a key block on Young in the game's final minute and Los Angeles, which led 100-98, saw Holiday and Williams miss their 3-pointers in the game's final 10 seconds. QUOTABLE   "I thought we had (two) clean looks there...I didn't call a timeout because I felt we had the ball and we could just push it and they couldn't get a timeout to maybe make it tough for us to get the ball in." - Sixers coach  Doug Collins  on the final minute of play. THE STAT:  50: The number of points the Lakers scored in the paint. The Sixers had 34. TURNING POINT:  With his team down by three, 98-95, Young converted a key 3-point play to tie the game, but on the next possession with Turner draped all over him, Bryant rose up and sank a 12-foot fadeaway with 1:15 left in the game. The Sixers would get no closer. QUOTABLE II:  "Classic Kobe. He didn't have 40. So I think that's a good night for us especially with guys who are not familiar with guarding him like Jodie Meeks and Evan Turner." -- Williams told NBA.com on Bryant again taking over in crunch time. HOT : Holiday continues his superb play. With 19 points and 11 assists, Holiday now has seven double-doubles this season to just two all of last season. In his last four games, Holiday is averaging 22.3 points on 58.3 percent shooting. He is also averaging eight assists during that span. NOT:  Lakers guard  Derek Fisher  continues to struggle and it appears as if his poor shooting is getting to him. After missing his sixth straight shot, a wide-open 16 footer, he dipped his head and shouted in frustration. Fisher missed all seven of his shots and finished with one point and three fouls. In his last six games, Fisher is averaging 4.5 points on 29.4 percent shooting. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  It was one of those nights for Bryant. He was an efficient 13-for-24 from the field en route to a game-high 33 points. This marks Bryant's 11th game of 30 points or more this season. He didn't do much in other statistical categories, but he did have two steals. QUOTABLE III:  "We're growing up. I think we're playing really good basketball and I told our guys they should be looking forward to the New Year because we have a lot of good things to be thankful for." -- Collins, whose team started the season 3-10 and is now 10-10. ROOKIE WATCH:  With  Andre Iguodala  missing his third straight game with tendinitis in his right Achilles, Turner has gotten more playing time and has made the most of it. Against the Suns Wednesday, he posted a career-high 23 points on 9-for-12 shooting, and then versus the Lakers he tallied 12 points, six rebounds, four assists and three steals. This is only the third time that Turner has posted double-digits in back-to-back games this season. NOTABLE:  Lakers center Andrew Bynum played a season-high 31:23. He scored eight points and snagged a game-high 15 rebounds, which was also a season high. "I feel pretty good," said Bynum, who has now played in back-to-back, 30-plus minutes for the first time this season. "I don't have any pain. Everything went well." Lakers coach Phil Jackson liked what he saw out of his frontcourt players. "The rotation of (Gasol, Odom, and Bynum) is good," Jackson said. "If those guy's minutes are at 32, 33 minutes that will be terrific for everybody." Against the Sixers, none of the Laker bigs played more than 34 minutes. UP NEXT : For the Lakers, Sunday vs. Memphis, Tuesday vs. Detroit, Wednesday @ Phoenix. For the Sixers, Monday @ Phoenix, Wednesday vs. Washington, Friday vs. Chicago.  