Notebook: Heat 122, Kings 103 
 
 
 Zachary Paul, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Dec 20, 2013 10:51 PM - Updated Fri Dec 20, 2013 10:51 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Miami Heat have scored at least 100 points in 13 straight games against the Sacramento Kings, which is a franchise record against a team.     
 
 THE LEAD:  Defense has been the identity of the Miami Heat the past three seasons, but they can also play offense. The Heat showed that by scoring a season high in points in a 122-103 victory against the Sacramento Kings Friday at AmericanAirlines Arena.  
 Center  Chris Bosh  scored a team-high 25 points and added eight rebounds, leading the Heat to a fourth straight victory. Guard  Dwyane Wade  finished with 20 points to go along with five rebounds and five assists, while  LeBron James  added 18 points, eight assists and six rebounds.  
 The Big Three were on the bench midway through the fourth quarter after the Heat built leads as large as 25 in the second half. The rest was much needed after a grueling game against the Eastern Conference-leading Indiana two days earlier.  
 Miami trailed by three after the first before taking control early in the third quarter. After the Kings pulled to within one at 72-71, the Heat put it away with a 16-4 run. Five Heat players scored in double figures, including  Ray Allen  adding 18 points off the bench.  
 Center  DeMarcus Cousins  led the Kings with 27 points.  
 
 QUOTABLE:    "They were running a little bit more than usual. They kind of caught us off guard but we had to really just get used to the pace of the game and basically kind of slow it down and get what we want." 
 -- Chris Bosh 
 
 
  THE STAT:   The Heat finished with a season-high 70 points in the paint.    
 
  TURNING POINT:  After leading by six, the Heat put things away by outscoring the Kings 31-21 in the third quarter.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:   "We got blown out, I'm not really pleased with how anybody played. Offensively he was OK, but his man scored just as much as he scored and just as efficiently. I'm looking at everything from a defensive perspective and we didn't have anybody that gave a good defensive effort tonight." 
 -- Kings coach  Michael Malone   
 
 
 HOT:  Bosh scored at least 20 points for the fourth time in five games, continuing his recent strong play. The fact he was an active rebounder just made the performance even more impressive, especially against the physical Cousins.   
 
 NOT:  With both teams shooting over 60 percent, the only thing cold was the defense by both teams. It looked more like a summer AAU game than the NBA regular season. For one night, the league turned back the clock to the 1980s.  
 
 GOOD MOVE:  The Heat decided to beat the Kings at their game, turning it into a track meet early. Even at the expense of playing solid defense, Miami made it a point to push the ball on each possession. The open-court play led to many easy baskets and eventually the Kings couldn't keep up.  
 
 BAD MOVE:  Kings guard  Ben McLemore  will end up on the highlight reels for all the wrong reason. The idea probably sounded good at first, but taking a charge on James underneath the rim wasn't the best of decision. James dunked over McLemore, causing a Twitter explosion.  
 
  NOTABLE:  Heat forward  Michael Beasley  missed his seventh straight game with a strained hamstring ... Ray Allen had his first multi-dunk game since Feb. 10, 2011 against the Lakers ... The Heat have now won 18 straight against the Western Conference.  
 
  UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Monday vs. Atlanta, Wednesday @ L.A. Lakers, Friday @ Sacramento. For the Kings, Saturday @ Orlando, Monday vs. New Orleans, Friday vs. Miami. 
