  Notebook: Spurs 85, Magic 83   By Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday January 18, 2012 11:36PM THE FACTS:   J.J. Redick 's 3-pointer at the end of overtime came a half-second late, enabling the San Antonio Spurs to record their first road victory of the season, 85-83, over the Orlando Magic. Gary Neal 's 3-pointer with 28.2 seconds left -- his only points of the game -- put the Spurs ahead to stay and the Magic had 13.5 seconds left after  Richard Jefferson 's missed free throw. Dwight Howard  rebounded  Ryan Anderson 's missed shot -- his 25th rebound of the game -- and got the ball out to Redick, whose shot came after the horn. Tony Parker  scored a game-high 25 points for the Spurs, 14 of them in the fourth quarter. QUOTABLE:  "Basketball is weird sometimes. I was having great shots; they just weren't going in. I knew it couldn't last the whole game so I kept shooting."   -- Tony Parker, who was 4-for-12 through three quarters. THE STAT:  Although the Magic lead the NBA in 3-pointers by a wide margin,  Von Wafer  was the only Magic player to hit one until Ryan Anderson connected with 6:03 left in the fourth quarter. TURNING POINT:  Parker's hot shooting put the Spurs up by as many as five points early on the fourth quarter, and although the Magic tied the game several times after that, they never regained the lead. QUOTABLE II:  "Our defense was great and then Parker got going, and that pretty much was the difference in the game."   -- Magic guard J.J. Redick. HOT:  Parker made his first seven shots in the fourth quarter and scored 16 points in the fourth quarter and overtime. NOT:  The Magic's  Jameer Nelson  shot 2-for-16 and missed all four of his 3-point shots. GOOD MOVE:  The Spurs concentrated on defending the perimeter late in the game, knowing they could foul Howard if necessary and put him at the foul line. BAD MOVE:  The slumping Nelson played 38 minutes after playing 31 on Tuesday night and 31 on Monday. QUOTABLE III:  "I had Jameer out there with no legs whatsoever. I mean, 38 minutes on the third [straight] night, that wasn't right. That was bad coaching, but I'm going to say if it happens again next week, I'll probably end up doing it again."   -- Magic coach  Stan Van Gundy . FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Howard's 20-20 (points/rebounds) was his fourth of the season. ROOKIE WATCH:  In his fifth start for the Spurs,  Kawhi Leonard  had two points, two rebounds and two assists in 21 minutes. NOTABLE:  The Magic had won five straight . . . It marked the first time the Magic have played home games on consecutive nights since Nov. 23-24, 2007 . . . Orlando had a 60-41 rebound advantage . . .  Hedo Turkoglu  (back spams) and  Jason Richardson  (bruised left knee) did not play for the Magic. UP NEXT:  For the Spurs, Friday vs. Sacramento, Saturday @ Houston, Monday @ New Orleans. For the Magic, Friday vs. L.A. Lakers, Monday @ Boston, Tuesday @ Indiana.  