  Notebook: Hawks 89, Magic 87 Posted Friday February 10, 2012 11:44PM By Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  All-Star snub  Josh Smith  had 23 points and 19 rebounds and the Atlanta Hawks beat the Orlando Magic 89-87 in overtime. The Magic scored the final eight points of the fourth quarter to take the game into overtime, tying it on  Dwight Howard 's putback dunk with 1.3 seconds left. Howard had 18 points and 18 rebounds. It was Atlanta's fifth victory in six road games. QUOTABLE:  "We're a veteran ball club and we're figuring out ways to win on the road. I think we like the feeling of every man against us when we conme out to play."   -- Hawks forward Josh Smith. THE STAT:  Since being swept out of the 2009 playoffs by the Magic, the Hawks have won 8-for-11 against Orlando including a 4-2 playoff upset last spring. QUOTABLE II:  "Everyone in this locker room remembers what Orlando did to us in the playoffs a couple years ago. Not to take anything away from them, but you remember things like that."   -- Hawks forward  Marvin Williams . TURNING POINT:  After falling behind in overtime, the Hawks had gone more than five minutes without a field goal. But  Joe Johnson  scored two baskets on a 6-0 run to turn the game back in their favor. HOT:   Tracy McGrady  came off the Atlanta bench to hit four of his first six shots and led all non-starters with nine points. NOT:  The Magic bench shot 3-for-16. GOOD MOVE:   Jameer Nelson  drew two defenders while driving for a game-tying layup in the final seconds of the fourth quarter, leaving Howard alone to follow Nelson's miss with a dunk. BAD MOVE:  Howard got his eighth technical foul after a third-quarter charge, and flirted with an ejection fivve minutes later when he slammed the ball to the floor. IN THE ARENA:  Former NBA centers  Clifford Ray  and  Wayne "Tree" Rollins  were there, joining Magic assistant coach  Patrick Ewing  in an impromptu big-guy reunion. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Magic forward  Ryan Anderson , the NBA's leading 3-point scorer, had six more offensive rebounds to solidify his ninth-place standing in that category. NOTABLE:   Zaza Pachulia , a nine-year veteran, had never played more than 38 minutes in a game. He played 42:47 Friday night, all of them defending Howard. UP NEXT:  For the Hawks, Sunday vs. Miami, Tuesday @ L.A. Lakers, Wednesday @ Phoenix. For the Magic, Saturday @ Milwaukee, Monday vs. Minnesota, Wednesday vs. Philadelphia.  