Notebook: Bulls 92, Nets 90 
 
 
 Devin Kharpertian, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Thu Apr 04, 2013 11:18 PM - Updated Thu Apr 04, 2013 11:18 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:  In the fourth and final regular season meeting between these two teams this season, the Chicago Bulls won a 92-90 thriller that went down to the final possession. The Bulls scored the final five points, taking the lead for good on a  Nate Robinson  floater over  Brook Lopez's  outstretched fingertips. The Nets had a chance to tie it in the final seconds, but an open Lopez jumper rimmed out as time expired. The Bulls were powered by  Carlos Boozer , who finished with 29 points and 18 rebounds, while the Nets got big games from  Deron Williams  (30 points, 10 assists) and Lopez (28 points, 5 rebounds). 
 
 QUOTABLE : "We started off so soft defensively and low energy on offense and that's a tough combination. THe good thing was that we changed it. We had a lot of guys step up and do a good job."  --  Chicago Bulls coach  Tom Thibodeau. 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Nets turned the ball over eight times in the first three quarters combined... and eight more times in the fourth quarter alone. 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA : Former star of "The Sopranos"  James Gandolfini  and WWE wrestler  Randy Orton  were in attendance. 
 
 THE STAT:  Boozer's double-double was his 38th of the season. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "Let's start with the post-up, I felt like I was in the key for a little, so I was looking through my options of where to kick it out to, I was trying to find D-Will (Williams) or  Joe (Johnson) , it was just a terrible play on my part. The next play D-Will hit me with a good pass, I didn't finishes throng though and the same thing happened on the third play, I got a good look and it didn't go down. But at that point though you  can't really blame the last play for what happened previously."  --  Brooklyn Nets center Lopez on the game's final few possessions. 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  Nets guard Joe Johnson returned to the starting lineup after missing the past five games with a quad contusion and sore heel. Johnson scored just one point in the first half before hitting three three-pointers in the fourth quarter to help keep the Nets afloat. Johnson finished with 12 points on 4-11 shooting. The Bulls' win improved their record to 41-33, making them the fifth seed in the Eastern Conference and pulling them within 1.5 games of Brooklyn for the fourth seed. The Bulls also own the tiebreaker, so should the teams end the season with the same record, Chicago would have home-court advantage in the playoffs. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Friday vs. Orlando, Sunday @ Detroit, Tuesday vs. Toronto. For the Nets, Saturday vs. Charlotte, Tuesday vs. Philadelphia, Wednesday @ Boston. 
