
 Pistons-Trail Blazers notebook   By Kerry Eggers, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday November 10, 2010 1:31AM THE FACTS:  Portland set a season high for points in a quarter with 36 in the first quarter, which set the tone for its 100-78 beatdown of Detroit on Tuesday night at the Rose Garden. The Blazers amassed a season-high 27 fastbreak points -- 13 in the fourth quarter. QUOTABLE:  "It's like that sometimes. We made an effort to not rely on jump shots, because when the legs start getting heavy and you start missing them, (the opponent) can get back into games. We did a better job of pushing the ball as the game went on."    -- Portland point guard  Andre Miller THE STAT: LaMarcus Aldridge  collected 19 points and a season-high 17 rebounds. He started the game 4-for-4 from the field -- all on jump shots from 12 to 17 feet. TURNING POINT:  Portland led 44-43 with four minutes left in the second quarter, but the outscored Detroit 9-2 the rest of the period -- with Aldridge getting the last seven points -- to go into intermission ahead 53-45. QUOTABLE II:  "We played good defense first. We got some steals, some blocked shots, and that got us into transition for easy baskets. When you run, that's fun."   -- Portland forward  Nicolas Batum HOT:  Reserve forward  Dante Cunningham  knocked down 5 of 6 shots -- including a rousing dunk off a fourth-quarter fastbreak -- to score 10 points in 20 minutes off the bench. NOT:  Detroit's  Richard Hamilton  looked a lot older than his 32 years, scoring only four points on 2-for-7 shooting. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  It was a fun night for  Marcus Camby , who collected seven points, eight rebounds, a season-high six assists and two steals in 30 minutes. INSIDE THE ARENA :  Joe Culhane , along with 11-year-old son  Jack , was honored as the 25 millionth customer of the Trail Blazers since the team's inception in 1970. Their seats were upgraded to courtside, and they were given a $250 gift card, an autographed team ball, a  Jerome Kersey  jersey and a  Blazermania  book. GOOD MOVE:  Portland coach  Nate McMillan  gave  Rudy Fernandez  big minutes, and the Spanish guard rewarded him with 13 points, five rebounds, three assists and two steals in 27 minutes off the bench. BAD MOVE:  Blazer rookie  Armon Johnson  had a breakaway in the fourth quarter. Rather than shooting it, though, he tried to pass back to a teammate. The ball was intercepted. "Lay the ball in," McMillan admonished. "Play the game." ROOKIE WATCH:  Johnson contributed six points and four assists in 17 minutes. NOTABLE:  The 22-point margin of victory was Portland's largest of the season. UP NEXT:  For the Blazers, Friday @ Oklahoma City, Saturday @ New Orleans, Tuesday @ Memphis Tuesday; For the Pistons, Friday @ L.A. Clippers, Sunday @ Sacramento, Monday @ Golden State. 
