  Notebook: Wolves 102, Bobcats 90 Posted Wednesday February 15, 2012 11:14PM By Jim Beilby, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The Minnesota Timberwolves got another big night from  Kevin Love  as they defeated the Charlotte Bobcats 102-90 on Wednesday night. With the victory, the Minnesota Timberwolves ended their four-game losing streak and in doing so the Charlotte Bobcats extended their losing streak to 16 games, the longest losing streak in franchise history. Charlotte is now 1-15 on the road. Love scored 30 points and grabbed 18 rebounds for Minnesota, overcoming 21 from  Kemba Walker  and 18 from  Corey Maggette . QUOTABLE:  "They came out and shot the ball well and we were slow getting into the game and gave up 30 points in the first quarter. After that we were pretty good defensively and we executed a lot better offensively. Especially in the end of the third and the fourth quarter."   -- Minnesota coach  Rick Adelman THE STAT:  Minnesota took care of the ball, made good passes and hit their shots, especially down the stretch. They shot 43-for-85 (50.6 percent) for the game and accumulated 26 assists with only 13 turnovers. In the third and fourth quarters, Minnesota shot 59.1 percent and 55.6 percent respectively. And perhaps most significantly, they avoided the costly turnovers late in the game that contributed to their four game losing streak. They only had two turnovers in the final frame. TURNING POINT:  After trailing for all but a couple of seconds in the first half, Minnesota opened up a lead after halftime and closed the third quarter with a 14-5 run to enter the final frame with a 76-66 lead. In the fourth quarter, they quickly extended their lead to 19 points on strong play from  Luke Ridnour  and  Nikola Pekovic . QUOTABLE II:  "They forced me into some tough shots in the end of the third quarter and early in the fourth quarter, so other guys stepped up. Pek [Nikola Pekovic] had a big game, Luke [Ridnour] hit some shots,  J. J.  [ Barea ] hit some shots. All the way around, guys stepped up and let us go on that run [that sealed the game]."   -- Minnesota forward Kevin Love NOTABLE:  Pekovic has been found his stride recently. Wednesday, with 21 points and 11 rebounds (five offensive), he notched his seventh double-double in the last 11 games. Prior to that, he had only one career double-double. With 30 points and 18 rebounds, Love recorded his 10th 30-10 game. The next closest player in the league has only five 30-10 games. UP NEXT:  For the Wolves, Friday @ Houston, Sunday vs. Philadelphia, Monday @ Denver. For the Bobcats, Friday @ Toronto, Sunday @ Indiana, Wednesday vs. Indiana.  