Notebook: Clippers 115, Spurs 92 
 
 
 Dan Arritt, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Dec 17, 2013 2:47 AM - Updated Tue Dec 17, 2013 2:47 AM 
 
 THE FACT:   The Clippers beat the Spurs by 23 points, their largest margin of victory over San Antonio in club history. 
 
 THE LEAD:   The Los Angeles Clippers returned to Staples Center after two weeks on the road, sporting a new backup forward and a new starting lineup. One thing that remained consistent was the dominance of  Blake Griffin  and  Chris Paul , who combined for 50 points in the 115-92 victory Monday night against the visiting Spurs. 
 
 THE STAT:   Griffin finished with 27 points and nine rebounds and Paul had 23 points, eight rebounds and seven assists -- marking just the third time this season that neither player posted a double-double in the same game for the Clippers (17-9). 
 
 QUOTABLE:   "The only silver lining in this type of game is the team we played is a team you get up for." 
 --Clippers coach  Doc Rivers 
 
 
 TURNING POINT:   Tony Parker  got a right shin contusion with just over five minutes left in the third quarter. Parker's free throw about two minutes earlier had cut a 10-point deficit to three. The Spurs managed to stay within single digits the remainder of the quarter and got back within four with seven minutes remaining, but L.A. unleashed its final burst, an 11-2 run that put them back on top by 13 with four minutes remaining. 
 
 HOT:   The Clippers shot 11-for-23 from 3-point range, improving their record to 19-2 since the start of last season when they make at least 11 from beyond the arc.  Jared Dudley  matched his season-high with four 3-pointers on six attempts and  Willie Green  came off the bench to shoot 3-for-4 from long range.  
 
 NOT:   The Spurs came in leading the NBA in assists at 25.3. They had 20 against the Clippers but also committed a season-high 22 turnovers. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Griffin is known as a versatile big man and he showed why late in the third quarter. With about two minutes left, he grabbed a defensive rebound and looked to pass it off to Paul, who was closely guarded in the backcourt by backup point guard  Cory Joseph . Griffin opted to dribble the length of the floor, made a spin move in the paint and banked the ball through the hoop for a 76-70 lead. If that wasn't enough, he then drew a charge on  Kawhi Leonard  on the other end.  Rivers also made a wise decision as the game wound down in the fourth quarter. The Spurs intentionally fouled Clippers center  DeAndre Jordan  with about four minutes left, hoping to take advantage of his 39.5 percent efficiency at the line this season. Rivers countered by inserting Green, who not only ended San Antonio's plan but he promptly sank a 3-pointer to push the lead back to 14. 
 
 BAD MOVE:   Jordan had a solid game but his emotions helped San Antonio erase the 10-point lead early in the third quarter. He was called for a foul on  Tim Duncan  and continued to protest on the other end, resulting in a technical foul. Still unhappy, he committed an offensive foul less than a minute later, his fourth of the game, sending him to the bench with just under nine minutes still left in the third. His replacement,  Ryan Hollins , didn't help matters either, getting called for a foul while battling for position on Dudley's 3-pointer, erasing what would have been a four-point lead. 
 
 NOTABLE:   The Clippers beat the Spurs for just the sixth time in their last 40 meetings. ...  Stephen Jackson , playing in his fourth game with the Clippers after he was signed as a free agent last week, scored a season-high six points off the bench in 17 minutes. ... Spurs center  Tiago Splitter  returned after missing the previous four games with a calf injury and finished with two points and three rebounds in 20 minutes. 
 
 UP NEXT:   For the Clippers, Wednesday vs. New Orleans, Saturday vs. Denver, Sunday vs. Minnesota. For the Spurs, Wednesday @ Phoenix, Thursday @ Golden State, Saturday vs. Oklahoma City. 
