  Notebook: Bucks 100, Knicks 86   By Josh Newman, for NBA.com Posted Friday January 20, 2012 11:05PM THE FACTS:   Brandon Jennings  scored 23 of his game-high 36 points between the second and third quarters as the Milwaukee Bucks picked up their first road win of the season, 100-86, over the New York Knicks at Madison Square Garden. The Knicks, who received a team-high 35 points from  Carmelo Anthony , have now lost five in a row, the last three of which have come at home. QUOTABLE:  "I really don't blame them. We're not playing well enough not to be booed."   -Knicks head coach  Mike D'Antoni  on his reaction to the booing from the home fans throughout the second half. THE STAT:  You can play defense all you want, but if you don't score, you're not going to win many games. Friday marked the seventh time in 15 games this season that the Knicks failed to crack the 90-point mark as they fell to 1-6 in those contests. TURNING POINT:  The Bucks and Knicks were tied at 50 with 46 seconds to play in the first half. At that juncture, the Bucks went on a 29-17 run spanning the rest of the second quarter and all of the third quarter to take a 79-67 lead into the fourth. Jennings began to catch fire late in the second and into the third as he netted 23 points between the two periods, while taking advantage of the Knicks' problems at the point guard position. QUOTABLE II:  "I'm over that situation now, it was three years ago. I'm a Buck now, I'm making the best of this situation and I'm trying my hardest to get this team back to the postseason."   --Jennings on the fact he was a one-time target of the Knicks, who ended up passing on him in the 2009 NBA Draft. HOT:  The electrifying 6-foot-1 Jennings, who leads the Bucks in points and assists per game, was coming off a 30-point effort on Tuesday at the Sixers. He followed that on Friday evening with his 36 points. That marks Jennings' third game of at least 30 points this season and his eighth of at least 20. NOT:  Anthony caught fire early, scoring 13 points and shooting 4-for-7 from the field in the first quarter. Those good times quickly ended however as he followed that with an 0-for-6 second quarter as the Knicks trailed, 55-51, at halftime. The shooting woes didn't get much better as Anthony finished just 11-for-26 two days after shooting 5-for-22 in a home loss to the Suns. INSIDE THE ARENA:  New York Liberty guard  Cappie Pondexter  and Jersey Shore's  Vinny Guadagnino  sat courtside. ROOKIE WATCH:  Bucks rookie forward  Tobias Harris  had come on of late, scoring 12 points in 22 minutes of a loss at the Sixers on Monday and 14 points in 27 minutes of a home defeat to the Nuggets on Tuesday. Friday evening was a different story for the native New Yorker as he scored two points and took all of one shot in only 7:39 of playing time. NOTABLE:  The Bucks are not known to be a good defensive team in transition, yet the Knicks did not take advantage. They could only muster 12 fast-break points after turning the Bucks over 19 times. UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Saturday vs. Denver, Tuesday @ Charlotte, Wednesday at Cleveland. For the Bucks, Sunday @ Miami, Monday vs. Atlanta, Wednesday at Houston.  