  Pistons-Celtics notebook   By Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday December 29, 2010 11:38PM THE FACTS:   Tracy McGrady  scored a season-high 21 points as the Detroit Pistons defeated the injured-depleted Boston Celtics Wednesday night, 104-92. Already playing without point guard  Rajon Rondo , the Celtics lost  Kevin Garnett  with 2:31 remaining in the first quarter with what was diagnosed as a muscle injury to his lower right leg. X-rays were negative but Garnett, who was injured without contact after a dunk, will have an MRI when the team returns to Boston. QUOTABLE:  "This list is getting really long. I don't think anyone is going to feel bad for us. I've just got that feeling. So, we're going to have to do something about it and go out and try to still win games."    -- Celtics coach  Doc Rivers  on his club's injury problems. Your browser does not support iframes. 
 THE STAT:  21. The Celtics were blindsided by the Pistons' usually porous defense, committing a season-high 21 turnovers that led to 25 Detroit points. Boston had eight in the first quarter as the Pistons jumped to an 11-point lead.  Ray Allen  and  Paul Pierce  combined for 11 of Boston's giveaways. Its previous season high was 20 during the season opener against Miami. TURNING POINT:  Fueled by center  Ben Wallace , the Pistons scored 10 unanswered points to take a 63-47 lead with 5:23 remaining in the third quarter. Wallace found  Charlie Villanueva  and  Tayshaun Prince  open on the perimeter with kickout passes for 3-pointers on consecutive possessions. He finished off the outburst with a fast-break dunk after a McGrady steal and assist. QUOTABLE II:  "You can't beat this team with one or two guys. You've got to spread the wealth around and that's what we did tonight. We had a great effort from everybody."    -- McGrady on the Pistons' balanced attack, which included six double-digit scorers. HOT:  Paul Pierce tried to carry the Celtics' offense when Garnett left the floor, scoring a season-high 33 points. He had 24 in the second half but no one else stepped forward, as the next highest scorers were Allen and  Glen Davis  with 12 apiece. NOT:  Celtics center  Shaquille O'Neal  was throttled by Wallace defensively, contributing just five points and one rebound in 16 minutes. O'Neal has scored just 16 points in the last three games. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Pistons reserve center  Chris Wilcox  has earned more playing time with his second straight strong outing. He had 10 points, a team-high eight rebounds and three steals in 27 minutes. Wilcox contributed a season-high 15 points and eight rebounds against Charlotte Monday. GOOD MOVE:  With starting point guard  Rodney Stuckey  sidelined by a stomach virus, Pistons head coach  John Kuester  opted to start McGrady at the point instead of a backup guard  Will Bynum . Not only did McGrady score a season high, he ran an offensive attack that shot 55.7 percent, a season high by a Celtics opponent. McGrady made eight of Detroit's 27 assists. BAD MOVE:  Rivers picked up a technical foul 21 seconds into the fourth quarter after the Pistons' Wilcox was called for a personal foul. That handed the Pistons an easy point when  Richard Hamilton  made the free throw and Pierce committed a turnover 16 seconds later. NOTABLE:  Boston had won 15 of its previous 16 games. ... The Pistons made 10 of 15 3-point attempts. ... Pistons reserve forward  Austin Daye  scored all of his 12 points in the second quarter. ... Celtics backup center  Semih Erden  did not dress because of an upper respiratory infection. ... UP NEXT:  For the Celtics, Friday vs. New Orleans, Sunday @ Toronto, Monday vs. Minnesota. For the Pistons, Friday @ Phoenix, Monday @ Utah, Tuesday @ L.A. Lakers.  