  Notebook: Magic 102, Pacers 83   By Conrad Brunner, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday January 24, 2012 10:38PM THE FACTS:  Orlando forgot to pack its offense for its trip to Boston Monday, but unloaded on the Pacers. Racking up 102 points -- nearly double its 56-point output in a 31-point loss to the Celtics -- and making 13 3-pointers, the Magic blew it open in the second half and coasted to a 102-83 victory over the Pacers in Bankers Life Fieldhouse. It was the first home loss of the season for Indiana (11-5). Orlando (12-5) moved into third place in the Eastern Conference as  Ryan Anderson  scored 24.  Danny Granger  and  Roy Hibbert  scored 16 apiece for the Pacers. QUOTABLE:  "When you take a loss like last night, people get focused a little bit. You quit taking winning for granted. Sometimes when you win a lot you start thinking about other things. I thought we played well defensively and our effort was lot better."   -- Orlando coach  Stan Van Gundy THE STAT:  Fittingly with a dunk early in the third quarter,  Dwight Howard  became the Orlando franchise's all-time leading scorer, surpassing  Nick Anderson  (10,650). Howard finished with 14 points, raising his career total to 10,657. TURNING POINT:  Shortly after Howard left the game with his third foul early in the second quarter, the Pacers had a nine-point lead. But led by backup  Earl Clark 's defense, including three blocked shots in the period, Orlando went on a 17-6 run to take the lead and once Howard returned for the second half, the Magic blew it open with runs of 17-2 in the third quarter and 15-4 in the fourth. QUOTABLE II:  "It does mean a lot. Not too many players in this league can say that they were their franchise's leading scorer. It's a humbling experience. I just have to thank God for keeping me healthy for the eight years that I've been in the league. I also have to thank my teammates for finding me all these years."    -- Dwight Howard HOT:  Anderson made 5-for-7 from the 3-point line, adding eight rebounds to his 24 points. Orlando got 49 points from its second unit. NOT:  None of Indiana's guards registered an assist as the Pacers totaled eight, matching their fewest ever in a home game. QUOTABLE III:  "I think maybe the worst thing that happened was Dwight Howard getting in foul trouble. We went post, post, post, pound, pound, pound and that led to eight assists and 19 turnovers."    -- Danny Granger GOOD MOVE:  With Howard in foul trouble, Van Gundy turned to little-used reserve Earl Clark in the second quarter and his post defense thwarted the Pacers' attempt to pound the ball inside. BAD MOVE:  Indiana coach  Frank Vogel  focused on trying to exploit his team's post players, Hibbert and  David West , rather than running the usual assortment of pick-and-rolls. The move took the Pacers out of their normal offensive flow. IN THE ARENA:  Actor/comedian  Mike Epps , the voice of Indianapolis' Super Bowl Village, and former Pacers forward  Derrick McKey  were among the crowd of 12,760. NOTABLE:  This marked the first time this season the Pacers allowed an opponent to shoot better than 40 percent at home. ... The Pacers made all 18 of their free throws, setting a franchise home record for most without a miss. ... The Magic blocked a season-high nine shots tonight, including a season-high four by Clark, who entered the game with two. ... Hibbert wore a mask to protect his broken nose, sustained in the first half of the 98-96 victory over the Lakers in Los Angeles Sunday. ...  Jeff Foster  (lower back procedure) missed his fourth consecutive game and is expected to be out another week. ... Backup point guard  A.J. Price  was unavailable with strep throat. UP NEXT:  For the Pacers, Wednesday at Chicago, Friday at Boston, Sunday at Orlando. For the Magic, Thursday vs. Boston, Friday at New Orleans, Sunday at Indiana.  