  Notebook: Cavaliers 88, Celtics 87   By Brian Robb, for NBA.com Posted Sunday January 29, 2012 10:15PM THE FACTS:   Kyrie Irving  hit a go-ahead layup with 2.7 seconds remaining to cap a 12-0 run by the Cleveland Cavaliers to close the game and eke out a 88-87 win over the Boston Celtics. The C's appeared to have the game sewn up with a 11-point lead with just 4:24 remaining in the game, but the upstart Cavs did not quit, chipping away at the deficit over the final minutes. The comeback was keyed by Irving (23 points) and  Anderson Varejao , (18 points, 9 rebounds) who came through with crucial plays on both ends, before Irving's game-winner.  Paul Pierce  (18 points) had a chance to win on Boston's final possession, but was unable to get up a shot attempt before the final buzzer sounded.  Ray Allen  scored a team-high 22 points for Boston in his return from a left ankle injury, as Boston had their four-game winning streak snapped. QUOTABLE:  "It feels good, especially have the confidence of my teammates. They gave me the ball at the end of the game and trusted me to make that shot. It was a tough comeback, but we carried it out and I'm really proud of my teammates."   -- Irving on the comeback and his game-winner. THE STAT:  The Cavaliers had six of their 11 offensive rebounds in the fourth quarter, giving themselves the opportunity to score eight pivotal second chance points in the closing frame. TURNING POINT:   Antwan Jamison  missed a three-pointer with 30 seconds remaining and the Cavaliers trailing 87-86.  Brandon Bass  appeared to corral the rebound for Boston, but Varejao managed to pry the ball loose from the C's power forward. The high-energy center was able to come up with the basketball after a scrum on the floor and call timeout for his team, allowing Irving an opportunity to hit his game-winner seconds later. QUOTABLE II:  "I guess the last day and a half of me yelling and screaming about playing hard every night, I guess they got tired of hearing it. They came out and did a great job."   --  Byron Scott  on his team's comeback HOT:  Allen. The sharpshooter had missed the past three games with an ankle injury, but showed no signs of rust in his return, hitting 4-of-6 attempts from beyond the arc. Those numbers pushed Allen into a tie for first place in the NBA for 3-point shooting percentage at 57.1. QUOTABLE III:  "This was a bad loss for us. Not that it was Cleveland; it was that we had the game under control. And we didn't take care of it."   -  Doc Rivers GOOD MOVE:  Scott dug deep into his bench due to an injury depleted backcourt in the fourth quarter, going with rookie  Mychel Thompson  at the two spot for the final 12 minutes. The undrafted shooting guard, who had only played two minutes in his NBA career, responded with four points in the frame and helped limit Allen to just four points in the quarter. BAD MOVE:  With Boston clinging to a one-point lead,  Kevin Garnett  came up with a second-chance opportunity following a Pierce miss with 42 seconds remaining in the contest. Instead of kicking it out to his teammates, Garnett hesitated under Cleveland's defensive pressure. The indecisiveness led to a travel for the All-Star power forward, and a wasted chance for Boston to extend their lead. NOTABLE:   Anthony Parker  did not return to the game after halftime because of back spasms.  Alonzo Gee  saw significant playing time in his place.  Avery Bradley  left the game in the third quarter after rolling his left ankle. He returned to action after having the ankle re-taped.  Daniel Gibson  did not suit up due to swelling in his neck. He will be further evaluated when the team returns to Cleveland Monday. Thompson scored the first four points of his career in the fourth quarter. Rivers said before the game  Keyon Dooling  could miss a significant stretch of games with a hip pointer.  Jermaine O'Neal  (knee) and  Rajon Rondo  (wrist) also sat out and remain over the verge of returning to action for Boston, according to Rivers. The two teams will complete the home-and-home matchup Tuesday in Cleveland. Pierce had six of his seven turnovers in the first half. Cleveland outscored Boston in the paint 54-32. UP NEXT:  For the Cavaliers, Tuesday vs. Boston, Friday @ Orlando, Saturday vs. Dallas. For the Celtics, Tuesday @ Cleveland, Wednesday vs. Toronto, Friday vs. New York.  