  Notebook: Celtics 86, Pacers 72 Posted Saturday April 7, 2012 10:26PM Conrad Brunner, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Boston's big three are in vintage form, and a season that seemed lost not that long ago is now brimming with hope.  Kevin Garnett, Paul Pierce  and  Ray Allen  combined to score 25 points in the fourth quarter to quell any hopes of another Indiana comeback as the Celtics stifled the Pacers 86-72 Saturday at Bankers Life Fieldhouse. The Pacers had a four-game win streak snapped, failed to reach 100 points for the first time in six games and fell to 34-21 overall, 18-8 at home. Boston snapped a two-game losing streak and improved to 16-7 since the All-Star break, the second-best record in the Eastern Conference behind Chicago's 16-5. Pierce led the Celtics with 24, Allen came off the bench for the second game in a row for 19 and Garnett scored 10 of his 15 on the fourth.  Danny Granger  scored 20 for Indiana, which shot just 35 percent and matched its season-low point total. QUOTABLE:  "I thought defensively we were sensational tonight. I was frustrated in the first half because I thought we missed some great shots. I loved how competitive we were. In a game where shots are not going in and we still won the game, that means you can trust your defense on nights your offense doesn't work and that's who we are."   --  Boston head coach  Doc Rivers. THE STAT:  Boston had 27 assists on 32 made field goals, with 12 of the assists from  Rajon Rondo , who produced his 16th consecutive game of double-digit assists. TURNING POINT:  Indiana's only sign of life came with an 11-2 run late in the third quarter as  Leandro Barbosa  and Granger hit 3-pointers as the lead was cut to 57-51. They would get no closer as Pierce, Garnett and Allen combined for Boston's next 20 points. QUOTABLE II:  "They played very good defense and are one of the top defensive teams in the league. They made us play their game. When we made runs at them they were able to answer and get the game back under control."   -  Granger. HOT:  Boston hit 9-of-18 from the 3-point line, with Allen going 5-of-11.  Greg Stiemsma  hit all four of his shots and scored 10 points with nine rebounds off the Boston bench.  David West  made 8-of-10 for the Pacers, while  Roy Hibbert  had 17 rebounds. NOT: Brandon Bass  missed all six of his shots,  Paul George  whiffed on his seven attempts, including four from the 3-point line, while  George Hill  was 0-of-6. Indiana's reserves combined for just 12 points, the second-fewest of the season, on 4-of-21 shooting. QUOTABLE III:  "That's a championship crew over there -- a championship coach, a championship core and they know how to get it done."   --  Indiana head coach  Frank Vogel. GOOD MOVE:  Moving Allen to the second unit could be a major boost for the Celtics, not only because it leaves  Avery Bradley's  defense and athleticism in the first unit but it gives Boston a much-needed go-to scorer with the second unit. As long as Allen -- who has come off the bench six games in his career -- is willing to accept the role, the Celtics could thrive. BAD MOVE:  Rondo picked up a flagrant foul for smacking Granger in the back of the head from behind as the Indiana forward was driving to the bucket in the second quarter. NOTABLE:  This concluded an unprecedented stretch of 12 games in 17 days for the Pacers, including four sets of back-to-backs and one set of back-to-back-to-backs. They went 8-4. ... No Indiana player has recorded more than 38 minutes since March 10, when Granger played 42. ... Boston extended its streak to 12 consecutive games holding opponents to less than 100 points. ... Rondo had his 16th straight game with double-digit assists. ... Indiana's 33-points in the first half matched the lowest of the season. UP NEXT:  For the Pacers, Monday vs. Toronto, Wednesday @ Cleveland, Friday vs. Cleveland. For the Celtics, Sunday vs. Philadelphia, Tuesday at Miami, Wednesday vs. Atlanta.  