  Notebook: Warriors 97, Clippers 93 Posted Monday March 12, 2012 1:39AM Dan Arritt, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Down by 21 points late in the third quarter against the Warriors, the Clippers steamrolled back to tie the score in the fourth Sunday night. The comeback seemed to zap them of their energy, however, and they ultimately lost for the seventh time in the last 11 games, 97-93, at Staples Center. QUOTABLE:  "Our starters have to do a better job with their intensity to start the game ... they just had their way with us in the first quarter."   -- Clippers coach  Vinny Del Negro THE STAT:  The Clippers have led the Pacific Division for much of the season but the loss, combined with the win by the Lakers earlier in the day against the Celtics, dropped them behind the Lakers and into second place. TURNING POINT:  The Clippers finally got even, 83-83, when  Blake Griffin  threw down a left-handed dunk off an inbounds pass with 4:30 remaining in the game. Golden State then committed two turnovers over the next minute, but the Clippers were unable to take advantage on the other end. By the time the Clippers made another field goal with 1:10 remaining, the Warriors had stretched their lead back to seven. HOT:  Golden State forward  Dorell Wright  appeared headed for a career-high scoring game, totaling 16 points in the opening quarter on 6-for-6 shooting, including 4-for-4 from beyond the 3-point stripe. Unfortunately, he only took four more shots the rest of the way and finished with 20 points. For the Clippers, reserve forward  Reggie Evans  finished with a season-high 11 points to go with 12 rebounds. He was a catalyst in the fourth-quarter comeback for the Clippers, igniting chants of "Reggie, Reggie" from the sold-out crowd. NOT:  When the Clippers lost veteran guard  Chauncey Billups  to a season-ending Achilles injury last month, the two players counted on to fill the scoring and leadership gap were  Caron Butler  and  Mo Williams . Butler missed all six field-goal attempts and scored one point. In the Clippers' last five losses, he's a combined 6-for-41 from the floor. Williams finished 1-for-8 with three points, a disappointing turnaround after his 33-point performance in a win Friday in San Antonio. At the free-throw line, the Clippers were a combined 19-for-35, none worse than Griffin's 7-for-15 night from the stripe. GOOD MOVE:  Griffin, known for his thunderous dunks on the offensive glass, received a taste of his own medicine when  Brandon Rush  slammed in a rebound that Griffin was about to pull down with two hands, giving the Warriors an 87-84 lead with 2:11 remaining. BAD MOVE:  Granted, the Clippers were making a strong push in the fourth quarter to get back into the game, but Del Negro waited too long to insert  Chris Paul  back into the game. Paul sat out the first 8:42 of the final quarter and was no longer in rhythm when he returned to the floor with the score tied, 83-83. He missed his first shot attempt, a 10-footer, and  David Lee  scored a layup on the other end to push the lead back to five points with 1:27 remaining. NOTABLE:  Golden State guard  Stephen Curry  gave it a go against the Clippers after re-injuring his right ankle the night before in a victory against the visiting Mavericks. He clearly was not 100 percent, however, going scoreless in 10 minutes of action. ... Paul wore a protective mask after suffering a nasal fracture against the Spurs. He finished with 23 points, five assists and three steals. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Monday vs. Boston, Wednesday vs. Atlanta, Thursday vs. Phoenix. For the Warriors, Tuesday @ Sacramento, Wednesday vs. Boston, Friday vs. Milwaukee.  