  Celtics-Clippers notebook   By Dan Arritt, for NBA.com Posted Sunday February 27, 2011 2:40AM THE FACTS:  The  Jeff Green  and  Nenad Krstic  era began Saturday night for the Boston Celtics, and their new teammates welcomed the duo with a 99-92 victory against the Los Angeles Clippers at Staples Center. QUOTABLE:  "They were good. They didn't know a lot of the things we were running. They both had some bright moments for us and you can see they'll be really good. I'm going to have to figure out how to use Jeff. I have no idea yet."   -- Celtics coach  Doc Rivers THE STAT:  In their first game with the Celtics since getting traded Thursday from the Oklahoma City Thunder, Green scored seven points off the bench in 18 minutes of play. Krstic started at center for Boston and collected nine points and six rebounds in 21 minutes. TURNING POINT:  The Clippers led by seven points at the half but committed seven turnovers in the opening seven minutes of the third quarter, allowing Boston to blow ahead with a 16-2 run and take a nine-point lead. The Clippers cut the deficit to three early in the fourth quarter, but  Delonte West  and  Paul Pierce  hit consecutive 3-point baskets to halt the comeback. QUOTABLE II:  "The thing about them is how well they move the ball and play off each other. You can tell they have been playing together for a while. That's tough to beat when they're moving the ball and everybody knows their role."   -- Clippers rookie forward  Blake Griffin HOT: Randy Foye  of the Clippers, who is expected to pick up the backcourt slack for the injured Eric Gordon and recently traded  Baron Davis , scored a season-high 32 points and distributed seven assists. He also made a season-best four 3-pointers on 11 attempts. NOT: Eric Bledsoe , thrust into the starting point guard role after Davis was traded to Cleveland on Thursday, shot 3-for-10 from the field and committed five turnovers. Fellow rookie  Al-Farouq Aminu  also looked shaky during his 21 minutes off the bench, missing five of six shots and committing three turnovers. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Pierce scored 24 points in his return to the city where he was raised. He didn't shoot particularly well but managed to get to the free-throw line 13 times and tied his season high with 11 conversions. GOOD MOVE:  Krstic got the start but  Glen Davis  carried much of the load in the middle, scoring 10 points and grabbing four rebounds while spending considerable time guarding Griffin. BAD MOVE:  Baron Davis still hadn't taken his physical as of game time, leaving  Mo Williams  and  Jamario Moon  to sit and watch the game from behind the Clippers' bench. Williams and Moon were acquired from Cleveland in exchange for Davis, but until the former Clipper passes his physical, they can't even practice with their new team. ROOKIE WATCH:  Griffin had another solid all-around game for Los Angeles, scoring 21 points and grabbing 11 rebounds. He didn't waste any time showing off in his first game against the Celtics, catching a high lob passes early in the first quarter and throwing down a thunderous dunk to the delight of the sold-out crowd. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Actor  Billy Crystal  and game show host  Pat Sajak  were among those in attendance for the Clippers' first home game since Feb. 2. NOTABLE:  Clippers center  Chris Kaman  had his best game since returning from a two-month absence due to a sprained ankle. Kaman scored 16 points off the bench on 8-for-12 shooting and grabbed nine rebounds. Clippers forward  Craig Smith  also had his best game since returning from a back injury that cost him two months, scoring four points and grabbing three rebounds in nine minutes of action. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Monday @ Sacramento, Wednesday vs. Houston, Saturday vs. Denver. For the Celtics, Monday @ Utah, Wednesday vs. Phoenix, Friday Golden State.  