Notebook: Bulls 99, Pistons 79 
 
 
 Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Nov 27, 2013 11:44 PM - Updated Wed Nov 27, 2013 11:55 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Chicago Bulls have now defeated the Detroit Pistons in 19 of their last 20 meetings.  
 
 THE LEAD:  Forward  Luol Deng  scored a season-high 27 points as the Chicago Bulls snapped a four-game losing streak by downing the Detroit Pistons 99-79 on Wednesday at The Palace. Forward  Taj Gibson  had a season-high 23 points off the bench as Chicago (7-7) won for the first time on its six-game road trip. Reserve guard  Rodney Stuckey  poured in 25 points for Detroit (6-9), which had won two straight coming in. Forward  Josh Smith  (13 points, 11 rebounds) and center  Andre Drummond  (10 points, 11 rebounds) added double-doubles. The Pistons shot 10-for-36 from the field after the break. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We feel for him, we were disappointed but we have to move on. Nobody's going to feel sorry for us. The games are going to keep on coming and we just have to play well. It's important for us to rely on each other. We can't be down or let a cloud hang over us." 
 
 -- Chicago point guard  Kirk Hinrich  on the Bulls' first win since  Derrick Rose 's season-ending injury 
 
 
 THE STAT:  2 -- Detroit's normally potent starting five was held to just two made baskets on 18 attempts in the second half. That group also committed eight of the Pistons' nine turnovers after halftime.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Bulls reeled off eight unanswered points midway through the third quarter to break a 57-57 tie. All of Chicago's points during that span came on layups, including two by  Joakim Noah , while Detroit committed four turnovers. The Bulls never trailed the rest of the way. 
 
 HOT:  Gibson shot 9-for-31 from the field in the previous three games but he gave the Bulls an instant boost in the first half, making his first seven attempts while scoring 15 points. He followed that up with a strong second half, scoring eight points and grabbing six rebounds.  
 
 NOT:  Pistons center  Greg Monroe  was stymied by the Bulls' physical play and never got into a groove. Monroe, who was averaging 15.4 points and 9.0 rebounds, was held to five points and three rebounds. He also expressed his frustration to the officials, as he picked up four fouls and didn't get some calls he felt he deserved. Monroe did make his 300th career steal in the first half. 
 
 IN THE ARENA:  Boxer Floyd Mayweather had a courtside view of the game, just 10 seats down from the Pistons owner  Tom Gores . Gores shook  Rodney Stuckey 's hand during halftime warmups after Stuckey's big first-half performance ... A young woman held up a sign that read 'Bring Back T-Mac.'  Tracy McGrady  played for Detroit three seasons ago. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Chicago guard  Tony Snell  received his second career start and scored a career-high 13 points. His 3-for-5 shooting beyond the arc was a lift for a club averaging 32.7 percent on 3-point attempts this season. Detroit guard  Kentavious Caldwell-Pope  went scoreless in 19 minutes, though he did make three steals. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Bulls guard  Jimmy Butler  missed his fifth straight game with a turf toe injury. Detroit guard  Chauncey Billups  didn't play for the eighth consecutive game because of knee tendonitis. ... The Bulls were shooting 44.3 percent from the field and 39.1 percent beyond the arc in their victories, compared to 40.0 and 26.9 in their losses. They shot 53.2 percent on Wednesday, including a 35.3 percent accuracy rate from long range. ... Pistons coach  Mo Cheeks  calls Rose's season-ending knee injury a loss for the entire league, not just the Bulls. Rose tore the medial meniscus in his right knee on Friday. "He plays the game with such passion," Cheeks said. "When you lose a player like that, it's a blow for everyone because we all look forward to seeing him out there." ... Rose's injury has ratcheted up trade rumors involving the Bulls. The latest has Cleveland shopping second-year guard  Dion Walters , with Deng as a possible target. "You're started to hear about it now. Usually, it's later in the season around the trade deadline," Bulls coach  Tom Thibodeau  said. "For every 100 that get talked about, one gets done. So, the likelihood of something happens is small." ... Chicago completes its string of six consecutive road games at Cleveland on Saturday, while the Pistons continue their four-game homestand against the Los Angeles Lakers on Friday. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Saturday @ Cleveland, Monday vs. New Orleans, Thursday vs. Miami. For the Pistons, Friday vs. L.A. Lakers, Sunday vs. Philadelphia, Tuesday @ Miami. 
