Notebook: Magic 93, Celtics 91 
 
 
 Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Jan 19, 2014 11:09 PM - Updated Sun Jan 19, 2014 11:09 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Magic snapped a 10-game losing streak, winning for the first time in 2014. 
 
 THE LEAD:   Glen Davis  scored 11 of his 17 points in the fourth quarter as the Orlando Magic slipped past the Boston Celtics 93-91 at the Amway Center to claim their first victory since Dec. 29. 
 
 Aarron Afflalo  finished with 20 points and tied a career high with 13 rebounds as the Magic (11-30) wiped out an early 11-point deficit. 
 The Celtics had won 10 straight against the Magic, including two November games this season. 
 
 Jeff Green  scored 13 of his game-high 22 points at the free-throw line, but couldn't keep the Celtics (14-28) from losing for the 11th time in 12 games. 
 After calling timeout with 10.1 second left to set up a game-tying or game-winning shot, the Celtics never got a shot off.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "The last play of the game shows how much we helped each other on the defensive end, and that's what it's all about." 
 -- Magic forward  Tobias Harris 
 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We had a chance. I don't think that one play is why we lost the game. We still had the chance. We weren't able to get stops consistently throughout the game. It showed in the fourth quarter when we were just trading baskets with them." 
 -- Celtics guard  Avery Bradley 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Magic shot 36 free throws, the most they've attempted in a game since March 13, 2012, when they shot 37 in an overtime win against Miami.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  Boston had a three-point lead -- as big a lead as either team had in the fourth quarter -- when Davis hit a short bank shot and converted a three-point play with 6:30 remaining. 
 
 HOT:  The Celtics made 22 of 24 free throws, including 14 straight until Green missed with 33.3 seconds left. 
 
 NOT:  Bradley shot 7-for-21 for Boston and missed all five of his 3-point shots. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  The Magic came out of a fourth-quarter timeout with a well-executed pick-and-roll play that produced a Davis dunk on a pass from Afflalo. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "As a group, we told ourselves that whatever we're doing, it's not working so it's time to make a change now or it's going to be a free fall. We made up our mind tonight that good, bad or indifferent, we were going to compete for each other." 
 --  Arron Affalo 
 
 
 BAD MOVE:  In the fourth quarter,  Kelly Olynyk  came up with a steal near mid-court and stumbled as he drove for a layup. A foul was called on the Magic's  Kyle O'Quinn . During a replay to determine whether it should have been ruled a clear-path foul, the scoreboard showed that there had been no contact. 
 
 IN THE ARENA:   Nina Davuluri , Miss America 2014, sat in a front-row seat wearing a Magic/ Jameer Nelson  jersey over green sleeves. 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Celtics center  Kris Humphries  had a solid 18 points, 12 rebounds and two blocks in 29 minutes. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  The Magic's  Victor Oladipo  shot 2-for-8 but had six rebounds, two steals and two blocks. ... Olynyk produced nine points and five rebounds in 17 minutes, and Boston point guard  Phil Pressey  shot 1-for-7 with five assists and three steals. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Celtics guard  Jerryd Bayless  left the game with a  sprained right big toe after playing eight minutes. ... The Magic won for the first time in 13 tries without center  Nik Vucevic , who is out after suffering a concussion. ... Six of the seven Magic players had six or more rebounds. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Celtics: Tuesday @ Miami, Wednesday @ Washington, Thursday vs. Oklahoma City. For the Magic: Tuesday @ Brooklyn, Wednesday vs. Atlanta, Friday vs. L.A. Lakers. 
