Notebook: Knicks 108, Grizzlies 101 
 
 
 Adam Zagoria, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Mar 27, 2013 11:20 PM - Updated Wed Mar 27, 2013 11:20 PM 
 
 THE FACTS : Behind  J.R. Smith 's game-high 35 points and  Carmelo Anthony 's 22, the Knicks opened a three-game home-stand with their sixth straight win in a 108-101 victory over the Memphis Grizzlies at Wednesday night Madison Square Garden. 
 After Memphis whittled a 30-point lead to four points in the closing seconds, the Knicks used a 5-0 run to reestablish control. Smith went 12-of-13 from the foul line and had his second consecutive 30-point night off the bench after going for 32 Tuesday night in Boston. His four 30-point games off the bench leads the NBA.  Iman Shumpert  added 16 points for the Knicks, all in the first half. 
 
 Mike Conley  scored 26 points and  Jerryd Bayless  had 24 for Memphis (47-24), which lost for the third time in four games.  Tony Allen  added 18 points and  Marc Gasol  13. Gasol had missed two games with an abdominal tear. 
 New York (44-26), which hasn't won the division since 1993-94, opened the night 2 ½ games ahead of the rival Nets for the Atlantic Division lead. 
 
 QUOTABLE : "I'm just starting off attacking, wait and see what my jump shot does in the second half and try go get to that free-throw line."  
 -- J.R. Smith in his on-court interview 
 
 THE STAT : The Knicks went 13-for-31 (42 percent) from the arc, while Memphis shot just 6-for-21 (29 percent). Shumpert went 4-for-6 from deep, Smith was 3-for-7 and  Steve Novak  3-for-8.  
 
 TURNING POINT : The Knicks raced out to a 37-25 first-quarter lead behind a combined 35 points from Anthony, Shumpert and Smith. They led by as many as 30 points in the second and third quarters. 
 
 QUOTABLE II : "We got the win here. It didn't look as good as theirs, but we still got it."  
 --J.R. Smith on the Knicks' 105-95 loss at Memphis Nov. 16.  
 
 WHO'S HOT : Shumpert scored 13 points on 5-for-5 shooting in the first quarter and had 16 at the half on 6-for-6 shooting. He had only reached double-figures three times this season, with a season-high 20 coming March 14 against Denver. 
 
 WHO'S NOT : The Memphis forward duo of  Zach Randolph  and  Tayshaun Prince  managed just eight combined points on 3-for-8 shooting.  
 
 QUOTABLE III : "It's coming down the stretch run and every game is important, and we're playing that way, and that's how it should be at this stage of the season. We're trying to stay at top of our division and we're in the running for that second spot. ...There's a lot of things at stake." 
 -- Knicks coach  Mike Woodson 
 
 
 NOTABLE : The Knicks played without All-Star center  Tyson Chandler  (stiff neck) for an eighth straight game. He could play Friday against Charlotte. "He's still day to day," Woodson said. "If he comes in tomorrow and he's up to playing on Friday, then we'll play him."  
 
 NOTABLE II : Knicks forward  Amar'e Stoudemire  told SNY that he hopes to return from knee debridement in time for the start of the playoffs April 20. "Hopefully, I'll be back for the playoffs. We'll see," he said. "I have total faith that I return and be just as good as before." Said Woodson: "I don't know what the timetable is on Amar'e. If he's telling you that his rehab is going well, then that's a good sign."  
 
 NOTABLE III : Knicks center  Marcus Camby  was ejected in the third period upon receiving his second technical of the night. 
 
 QUOTABLE IV : "[J.R. has] been playing well the last two, three weeks. I think he's starting to figure out some things. He's mixing his game up. He's not just shooting jump shots. He's taking it to the hole, he's rebounding, he's making an effort to defend. So, right now, he's been pretty hands on and solid for us."  
 -- Mike Woodson on Smith 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA : Chris Rock and Howard Stern sat courtside. 
 
 UP NEXT : For the Knicks, Friday vs. Charlotte, Sunday vs. Boston, Tuesday @ Miami. For the Grizzlies, Friday vs. Houston, Saturday @ Minnesota, Monday vs. San Antonio. 
