  Magic-Thunder notebook   By Randy Renner, for NBA.com Posted Sunday December 25, 2011 11:46PM THE FACTS:  It was a Merry Christmas night in Oklahoma City as Thunder fans celebrated a 97-89 win by the home team over the visiting Orlando Magic. The Magic started the game shooting 88.9 percent (8-for-9) but the Thunder defense clamped down limiting Orlando to just 30.6 percent (22-for-72) the rest of the way. Magic center  Dwight Howard  torched the Thunder for a combined 79 points in two games last season. Tonight the OKC defense led by  Kendrick Perkins  held "superman" to just 11 points on 4-for-12 shooting.  Ryan Anderson  led Orlando with 25 points including six 3-pointers.  Oklahoma City forward  Kevin Durant  led all scorers with 30 points. He also handed out six assists and pulled down five rebounds. Thunder sixth man  James Harden  added 19. Oklahoma City point guard  Russell Westbrook  was up and down. He scored 14 points but he took 17 shots to get there. He dished out six assists but turned the ball over seven times. QUOTABLE:  "Our defense was really good, they're one of the best offensive teams in the league. Perk was really good on Howard ,he gave us everything he had."  --  Thunder head coach Scott Brooks . THE STAT:  Last season in two games against Oklahoma City,  Dwight Howard scored a combined 79 points on 27-for-39 shooting. Those games were played without Perkins in the lineup. Before the game Magic head coach  Stan Van Gundy  told reporters, "Perkins has played him (Howard) better than anyone," over the years. Tonight it showed as Howard was limited to just 11 points on 4-for-12 shooting. TURNING POINT:  A 22-7 Thunder run from the last couple of minutes of the first quarter to midway through the second gave Oklahoma City a comfortable lead. Orlando crawled back to within ten in the third quarter and then went 14 straight possessions without scoring a field goal to finish out the third. A 64-54 game with 7:53 left in the third became 81-63 at the end of that quarter. QUOTABLE II:  "Offensively we weren't good all night, except for the first four minutes. I didn't like our pace, lots of one pass then shots."  --  Magic head coach Van Gundy. QUOTABLE III:  "Even (Ryan Anderson, 25 points) didn't help us on offense with screens or looking for any of the other guys."  --  Van Gundy HOT:  The Magic hit eight of their first nine shots (88.9 percent). Dwight Howard did most of the damage during that time going 3-for-4...After being held to 2-for-5 shooting in the first quarter, Thunder forward Durant hit his first three shots in the second...Ryan Anderson finished 6-for-12 on 3-pointers NOT:  After nailing eight of their first nine shots of the game the Magic hit just one of their next 15 to finish out the quarter. Their shooting percentage went from 88.9 percent down to just 37.5 percent...Howard started the quarter 3-for-4 and finished it 0-for-3...Thunder point guard  Westbrook was 2-for-8 (25 percent) in the first half and finished 6-for-17...OKC shooting guard James Harden was 1-for-4 in the first half...Orlando guard  Jason Richardson  was 1-for-7 in the first 24 minutes...The Magic were 0-for-6 on second chance opportunities in the first half and finished with five points on 2-for-12. While Orlando's Anderson was 6-for-12 on threes the rest of his team was just 2-for-12 from long range...Durant, usually an outstanding free throw shooter was just 6-for-11 from the stripe. QUOTABLE IV:  "I don't mean to disrespect a legend but I felt like Shaq tonight."  --  Kevin Durant on missing five free throws. INSIDE THE ARENA:  NBA Commissioner  David Stern  flew to Oklahoma City after watching the Heat-Mavs game in Dallas. He met with reporters briefly then watched the contest. Also in the crowd and sitting courtside was LA Dodgers star  Matt Kemp , an Oklahoma City native. University of Oklahoma womens basketball coach  Sherri Coale  was also at the game along with former Sooner football coaching legend  Barry Switzer . GOOD MOVE:  Midway through the first quarter Thunder point guard Russell Westbrook steals a pass then leads a fast break feeding an open Kevin Durant for a thunderous slam to tie the game at 18. GOOD MOVE TOO:  Magic forward Ryan Anderson, driving along the baseline, put a spin move on Thunder forward  Serge Ibaka , who couldn't keep up as Anderson went to the rim and scored. BAD MOVE:  While running the OKC offense in the third quarter Westbrook telegraphed a pass to the left wing and Anderson stepped out and stole it passing to  Jameer Nelson  whose shot was blocked by Ibaka. The Magic scored on the possession when  Hedo Turkgolu  grabbed the ball and passed back to Nelson who laid it in. It was the first of four straight turnovers by Westbrook. NOTABLE:  After finishing last season with 14 straight regular season sellouts the Thunder began the 2011-12 season with another full house. UP NEXT:  For the Magic, Monday vs Rockets, Thursday vs Nets, Friday @ Charlotte. For the Thunder, Monday @ Minnesota, Wednesday @ Memphis, Thursday vs Suns.  