Notebook: Grizzlies 107, Thunder 97 
 
 
 Randy Renner, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Thu Nov 15, 2012 12:10 AM - Updated Thu Nov 15, 2012 10:01 AM 
 
 THE FACTS:   After a first quarter that was all Thunder, nothing went right for Oklahoma City and nothing went wrong for Memphis.  Rudy Gay  (28) and  Zach Randolph  (20) combined for 48 points to lead the Grizzles past the Thunder 107-97.  Randolph also pulled down 11 rebounds.  
 Oklahoma City's  Kevin Durant  had his biggest scoring night of the season (34 points) but it wasn't enough to overcome poor shooting nights from  Russell Westbrook  (6-for-19) and  Kevin Martin  (1-for-4).  
 Late in the game Randolph and Thunder center  Kendrick Perkins , who'd been talking trash to each other all night, were given technical fouls and ejected. Reports from the back hallway indicate the players may have gotten into another altercation near the locker rooms.  The Oklahoman  newspaper had a staffer in the area who reported yelling and sounds of something hitting doors and walls. A Thunder spokesman and Oklahoma City police officers in the area say nothing happened between the two. 
 Memphis had five players in double figures. Center  Marc Gasol  had 14,  Quincy Pondexter  and  Jarryd Bayless  came off the bench to score 13 and 12 points. 
 Westbrook scored 17 and had his biggest assist night of the season with 13.  Serge Ibaka  also had 17 points while pulling down eight rebounds and blocking four shots. 
 Martin came in averaging 17.1 points but he managed just four against Memphis, the entire Thunder bench couldn't even match Martin's average, scoring just 13 points. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "Perk's alright, there's a lot of bluffin' goin' on out on the court, but I don't bluff."
 -- Grizzlies forward  Zach Randolph  on the dus t up with  Kendrick Perkins 
 
 
 THE STAT:   In the second half the Thunder outscored Memphis 52-51, but wild swings in the first half decided the game. A 10-point advantage for OKC in the first quarter was trumped by a 21-point advantage for the Grizzlies in the second. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "The second quarter we started to get it going, that was huge for us and really meant the game because they outscored us by one in the second half."
 --Grizzlies head coach  Lionel Hollins 
 
 
 TURNING POINT:   The biggest turn came in the second quarter when Memphis erased a 10 point Oklahoma City lead by outscoring the Thunder 36-15.  That gave the Grizzlies some cushion the rest of the contest. Another turn came late in the third quarter when the Thunder cut the lead down to six points. Gay scored on three consecutive trips down the floor from about 15-feet to push the margin back to double digits. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:   "We had trouble overcoming their second quarter. They really picked up their intensity. They played better than us, they deserved to win. When you give a team an opportunity to get hot it's tough to turn 'em off."
 --Thunder head coach  Scott Brooks 
 
 
 HOT:  The Thunder shot 52.6 percent (10-for-19) and scored 30 points in the first quarter, the most points and the highest shooting percentage Memphis has allowed in any first quarter this season...In the second quarter it was the Grizzlies turn, Memphis shot 56.5 percent in the quarter and scored 36 points, the most points the Grizzlies have scored in a second quarter and the most points the Thunder have given up in any quarter this season... 
 
 NOT:  Memphis opened the game shooting just 23.1 percent (3-for-13)...OKC shot just 31.6 percent (6-for-19) and scored 15 points in the second quarter, the fewest the Thunder have scored in any quarter this season...Westbrook was 1-for-8 in the first 24 minutes... 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  The 73rd consecutive sell-out crowd inside Chesapeake Energy Arena. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:   Nice ball movement by the Thunder in the first quarter, seven assists on 10 made baskets. On one possession Durant caught a pass from Westbrook down low, the passed out to Perkins near the free throw line, who delivered a behind-the-back pass to Ibaka just inside the arc, and he hit the jumper. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Late in the third quarter Gasol took the ball out of the net following a Westbrook layup then bounced the ball off Westbrook's face. Gasol was hit with a technical foul and Westbrook nailed a 3-pointer on the next trip down. 
 
 NOTABLE:   The Grizzlies' 6-1 start is the best in franchise history. 
 
 UP NEXT :  For the Grizzlies, Friday vs. New York, Saturday @ Charlotte, Monday vs. Denver.  For the Thunder, Friday @ New Orleans, Sunday vs. Golden State, Wednesday vs. LA Clippers. 
