Notebook: 76ers 99, Jazz 93 
 
 
 Andy Jasner, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Nov 16, 2012 11:08 PM - Updated Sat Nov 17, 2012 12:14 AM 
 
 THE FACTS: Jrue Holiday  scored 26 points, one of six Philadelphia players to reach double figures, and the 76ers (5-4) held on at the end for a 99-93 victory over the Utah Jazz Friday night at the Wells Fargo Center.  Jason Richardson  scored 20 points,  Thaddeus Young  had 14,  Nick Young  12,  Evan Turner  11 and  Lavoy Allen  10. The Sixers shot 46 percent from the field, a big improvement from the 29.8 percent in Wednesday's loss to the Pistons. That was a floor record for lowest shooting mark by the Sixers or an opponent since the arena opened in 1996.  
 
 Paul Millsap  paced the Jazz (4-6) with 22 points,  DeMarre Carroll  scored a career-best 17 and  Al Jefferson  had 15.  Mo Williams  also had 12 points, but it wasn't enough as the Jazz fell to 1-6 on the road. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We had to go out and punch them first." -- Thaddeus Young, on getting off to a fast start. 
 
 THE STAT:  The Sixers improved to 3-0 this season when shooting 45 percent or better from the field. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  With the game tied at 71, the Sixers raced to a 13-2 run for an 84-73 lead midway through the fourth quarter. It was enough of a cushion to help the Sixers pull out a win at the end. 
 
 HOT:  Richardson was 7-for-12 and 5-for-7 from 3-point land. Thaddeus Young also knocked down seven of his 14 shots. 
 
 NOT:  Jefferson and Williams were each 5-for-14. But Williams said after the game that he injured his right thumb on the first play when it was caught in Holiday's jersey. Williams had his right thumb heavily wrapped in ice. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I know we have fight in us, but we need to make sure that we do as much as we can not to get down as much as we do, to use all of your energy to get back into the game and be able to finish it off. So we have to understand how we don't make those mistakes night in and night out, especially on the road." -- Jazz coach  Tyrone Corbin. 
 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Holiday had 26 points, seven assists and six rebounds. He played arguably the best game of the season. 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  There wasn't much buzz early in the game, but the energy picked up as the Sixers pulled away in the fourth. The announced crowd was 15,851. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "We're still a team that's getting to know each other." -- Richardson. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Holiday played extended minutes (41:19) and coach  Doug Collins  kept the ball in his point guard's hands all night. Holiday had been struggling with turnovers, and though he committed four, it was a stellar effort. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Millsap had a good rhythm from the start and probably could have had more plays go through him. He's clearly playing with a lot of confidence. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Utah guard  Kevin Murphy  didn't play. For the Sixers, forward  Arnett Moultrie  and guard  Maalik Wayns  remained on the bench without any playing time on this night. 
 
 NOTABLE: Kwame Brown  started at center for the Sixers for the second consecutive game, replacing Allen. ... The Utah Jazz played without guards  Earl Watson  (right knee rehabilitation and evaluation) and  Raja Bell.  ... Injured Sixers center  Andrew Bynum  said before the game that he's experiencing swelling in both knees and considered his rehab a "setback." However, Bynum said returning to basketball-related activities on Dec. 10 is still his timetable. "I think it's the same timetable because both knees have to heal," Sixers general manager  Tony DiLeo  said. "That's what we're going with. When the pain subsides, when he can do more strenuous activities, when we can get him out on the court to basketball activities we'll know a lot more." ... Holiday has scored 20 or more points four times this season. ... The Sixers have committed just 15 turnovers over the past two games. 
 
 NEXT:  For the Jazz, Saturday @ Washington, Monday vs. Houston, Friday vs. Sacramento. For the Sixers, Sunday vs. Cleveland, Tuesday vs. Toronto, Wednesday @ Cleveland. 
