  Notebook: Celtics 103, Sixers 79 Posted Sunday April 8, 2012 11:07PM By Brian Robb, for NBA.com    THE FACTS: Kevin Garnett  had 20 points as the Boston Celtics dominated their Atlantic Division rivals with a 103-79 demolition of the Philadelphia 76ers. The Celts shot a season-high 58.8 percent from the field thanks to terrific scoring balance that featured four starters with at least 17 points. Boston's defense was just as impressive forcing 11 first-half turnovers while only allowing 38.2 percent shooting. The lockdown effort left the 76ers with what ended up as an insurmountable deficit for much of the final 36 minutes. With their second straight win, the Celtics tightened their hold on the top of the Atlantic Division, extending their edge to three games over Philadelphia.  Nikola Vucevic  had 14 points and 13 rebounds for the reeling visitors, who have now dropped four straight contests. QUOTABLE:  "I would not want to play them in the playoffs. Everybody is looking at Miami and Chicago as the two teams [to beat in the Eastern Conference] but I wouldn't blink at Boston."   -- Philadelphia coach  Doug Collins THE STAT:  Boston's starting five shot a sizzling 64 percent on field-goal attempts (32-for-50) against one of the top defensive teams in the NBA. TURNING POINT:  Anchored by the newest member of the Boston bench in  Ray Allen , Boston roared out to a 20-4 run at the start of the second quarter that pushed the Celts' lead to 19 points. Philadelphia trailed by double digits for the remainder of the contest. HOT: Brandon Bass  -- One night after struggling with his shot against Indiana, Bass was nearly perfect against the Sixers, going 8-for-10 from the field, including hitting all five of his baskets in the second half to finish with 18 efficient points. NOT: Jodie Meeks  --Philadelphia's bench struggled to score all night and the second-year guard served as one of the main reasons why. Meeks missed all seven of his shot attempts, including three from downtown over 27 minutes. QUOTABLE II:  "The defense is really good; guys are locked in. Your offense is going to fail you sometimes, but if you come at it with the right mindset your defense never should."   -- Boston coach  Doc Rivers FANTASY SPOTLIGHT: Rajon Rondo  -- The All-Star point guard kept his streak of 17 consecutive double-digit assist games alive, dishing out 15 dimes to his teammates during the easy victory. The 15 assists matched the total number of assists Philadelphia had as a team. ROOKIE WATCH:  Center  Greg Stiemsma  continues to do the little things for Rivers, as he has morphed into a tremendous interior presence off the bench for Boston. The big man chipped in with two points, three rebounds, three assists, and three blocks over 24 minutes. NOTABLE:  The Celtics led by as many as 28 points. With the loss, the Sixers fell into a tie for the seventh seed with the New York Knicks, and are at risk of falling out of the postseason altogether with the surging Milwaukee Bucks just 1 1/2 games out of the final spot in the Eastern Conference. Philadelphia plays eight of its final 10 regular-season contests on the road. The Celtics scored 57 of their 103 points from outside the paint. Boston has also won eight of its last nine games at TD Garden. UP NEXT:  For the 76ers, Tuesday @ New Jersey, Wednesday @ Toronto, Friday vs. New Jersey. For the Celtics, Tuesday @ Miami Wednesday vs. Atlanta, Friday @ Toronto.  