  Notebook: Pistons 109, Bobcats 85 Posted Thursday April 12, 2012 10:13PM By Derek S. Smith, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The Detroit Pistons ended their four-game road trip on an upswing with a 109-85 dismantling of the Charlotte Bobcats Thursday night at Time Warner Cable Arena.  Brandon Knight  scored 17 of his 21 points in the third quarter as the Pistons blew the game open.  Derrick Brown  and  D.J. Augustin  led the Bobcats with 13 each. It was the 14th straight loss for Charlotte, who also has a 16-game losing streak on the season and fell to a league worst 7-50. QUOTABLE:  "We wanted to come out in the second half and get defensive stops early. That led to a lot of easy baskets on offense for us. We did a great job on defense and made them make mistakes. It felt good coming off my hand. They looked for me when I was open and I was able to get things taken care of when we needed. We needed to play with a lot of energy and leave it all on the court."   -- Knight THE STAT:  The Charlotte Bobcats lost by 20 or more points for the 19th time this season and the fourth time in the last six games. Charlotte is also last in the league in point differential having being outscored by an average of 13.3 points per game which ranks second for the worst differential in NBA history. The Dallas Mavericks team from 1992-93 set the league mark being outscored by 15.2 points. TURNING POINT:  Getting technical. Charlotte's  Kemba Walker  got hit with a technical foul at the 7:23 mark of the second quarter which pulled the Bobcats to within four points. However Detroit stole all the momentum from there and went on a 15-1 run to go ahead 46-26. The Bobcats did close the half on a 7-0 run but were never able to get close enough to challenge the remainder of the game. QUOTABLE II:  "It was a fun game to coach and to watch tonight. I thought our guys played very hard and really committed on the defensive end. We ran the floor and did a great job sharing the ball. Everyone made their minutes count and that makes it so much easier out there."   -- Detroit coach  Lawrence Frank HOT: Jason Maxiell  was a perfect 8-of-8 from the floor on Thursday and finished the night with 17 points and five rebounds. He had scored just 15 points in the previous three games and came in to tonight averaging 6.3 points. NOT:  Charlotte's defense. The Bobcats allowed the Pistons to score 18 points more than their season average and shoot 52.4 percent from the floor including a blistering 65.2 percent (15-of-23) in the third quarter when they gave up 40 points. Those 40 points were the most allowed by the Bobcats in a quarter this season. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT: Greg Monroe  has dominated the Bobcats this season. The Pistons center scored 25 points on 11-of-14 shooting while grabbing 11 rebounds. He led all scorers in the win and added four assists and one blocked shot. It was his 27th double-double of the season. Monroe averaged 19.8 points and 12.3 rebounds in the four-game sweep of Charlotte this season. INSIDE THE ARENA:  The Bobcats had a Super Bowl winner in attendance Thursday night. Charlotte-native  Hakeem Nicks  was at the game. Nicks starred at nearby Independence High and at the University of North Carolina before playing for the New York Giants. ROOKIE WATCH:  Walker and  Bismack Biyombo  each scored nine points and grabbed four rebounds in the loss. Knight was the dominant rookie with his 21-point outburst. It was his ninth 20-point game of the year while fellow rookie  Walker Russell  played and was credited with one rebound and one assist while picking up three fouls. NOTABLE:  Bobcats center  DeSagana Diop  played tonight for the first time in 21 games. His last appearance had been March 4 ... Charlotte was outrebounded 43-30 for the game and managed only four rebounds in the third quarter ... The Pistons scored 22 points off of 12 Charlotte turnovers ... Pistons forward  Charlie Villanueva  saw action for just the sixth time all season. He had two points in five minutes on the court. UP NEXT:  For the Pistons, Friday vs. Milwaukee, Sunday vs. Chicago, Tuesday vs. Cleveland. For the Bobcats, Friday at Miami, Sunday vs. Boston, Monday vs. New Orleans.  