  Nuggets-Trail Blazers Notebook   By Michael Kelly, for NBA.com Posted Thursday February 3, 2011 12:32AM THE FACTS:   Nene  had 22 points and pulled down 10 rebounds and  Carmelo Anthony  and  Chauncey Billups  had 20 each as the Denver Nuggets routed the Portland Trail Blazers, 109-90 on Wednesday night. QUOTABLE:  "We knew they played the night before and probably got in late. In the fourth quarter, that's when the fatigue kicks in."   - Nuggets forward  Kenyon Martin , on facing the Trail Blazers on the second game of a back-to-back THE STAT:  Portland was 2-for-8 from 3-point range in the second half after starting the game 7-for-9. TURNING POINT:  With the Trail Blazers ahead 68-67 late in the third quarter, Billups hit two straight 3-pointers to put the Nuggets in the lead for good. HOT:  Nene made a last-ditch campaign for a spot on the Western Conference All-Star team with another good shooting night. He's hitting .646 from the field this season, tops in the NBA. NOT:  The Trail Blazers health. Five players have undergone knee surgery this season, and things got worse Wednesday when guard  Wesley Matthews  sprained his right ankle late in the first half. He played in the fourth quarter but was held to two points after scoring 17 points before halftime. QUOTABLE II:  "I heard some pops, heard and felt pops. It calmed down and I was able to go again. I'm not going to let an injury slow me down or deter me."   -  Matthews INSIDE THE ARENA:   Kelly Rowland , former Destiny's Child member and R&B artist, was a courtside guest of Anthony's wife,  LaLa Vasquez. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:   LaMarcus Aldridge  couldn't match his career-high 40 from Tuesday night but he had a solid night with 18 points and nine rebounds. GOOD MOVE:  The Nuggets used a three-guard lineup in the fourth quarter to try to take advantage of the Blazers, who played the night before. BAD MOVE:  Not much Portland coach  Nate McMillan  could do with a team that's shorthanded and playing on the second straight night. NOTABLE:  The Trail Blazers have lost 164 man games to injury this year and could come close to last year's total of 311. UP NEXT:  For the Trail Blazers, Friday @ Indiana, Saturday @ Cleveland, Monday vs. Chicago. For the Nuggets, Friday vs. Utah, Saturday @ Minnesota, Monday vs. Houston.  