Notebook: Mavericks 107, Pelicans 90 
 
 
 Scott Kushner, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Jan 10, 2014 11:48 PM - Updated Fri Jan 10, 2014 11:48 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Mavericks hot shooting from 3-point territory set a pair of season highs. Not only were the 14 converted 3-pointers on 28 attempts a high-water mark for Dallas, it was also the most allowed by the Pelicans this year. 
 
 THE LEAD:  Coming off three losses in their past four games, the Dallas Mavericks grip on the critical No. 8 spot in the Western Conference standings appeared to be slipping. 
 Following a 107-90 win over the New Orleans Pelicans on Friday night, the perception of the scuffling Mavericks was shaken up. Dallas (21-16) dominated the Pelicans (15-20) throughout, leading wire-to-wire, successfully silencing the 16,533 fans in the New Orleans Arena. 
 Five different Mavs scored in double-figures and a pair --  Dirk Nowitzki  (24) and  Monta Ellis  (23) -- each topped 20 points in less than 30 minutes of action. New Orleans had few answers for the diverse Dallas attack, surrendering a season high 52.6 percent shooting, despite Dallas unloading its bench in the fourth quarter. 
 The offensive explosion overshadowed strong scoring performances from the Pelicans duo of  Anthony Davis  and  Eric Gordon  who each topped 20 points themselves in the losing effort. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "They got whatever they wanted on the offensive end. Dirk, Monta,  Vince [Carter] ,  [Jose] Calderon , all of those guys could just do whatever they wanted on any play, as if they were just going through a script. We had stretches where we scored 10 in a row, but they would score every time so we couldn't even make a comeback, even when we tried. That was frustrating." --  Pelicans  g uard  Austin Rivers  on the Mavericks staunch offensive outing. 
 
 
 THE STAT:  A night after scoring just eight points on 3-of-14 shots in a 112-90 loss to the Spurs, Nowitzki showed no signs of lingering effects. The veteran forward connected on six of his first nine attempts from the field, en route to 14 first-half points and said it was important to recover quickly after the "embarrassing" outing two days earlier.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  Entering the final three minutes of the first half, Dallas held a tenuous 51-47 advantage, in an up-tempo, offensive-oriented game. Then the Mavericks cranked up its defensive pressure and within eight minutes, that four-point edge ballooned into a 74-51 blowout with six minutes remaining in the third quarter. From there, New Orleans was never able to pull back within reach, only briefly cutting the lead to 15 points, as the Mavericks cruised. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "It was great to see us close, but more important than anything, it was great to go out and have a really good third quarter. We did a great job. We have been really inconsistent with that this year, but tonight I think it was extremely important on the road. Hopefully we can duplicate it again tomorrow." --  Dallas forward Vince Carter on the Mavericks' 26-4 run over the second and third quarters. 
 
 
 HOT:  Pelicans' guard  Eric Gordon  converted eight of his first nine shots, leading to 17 points (of his game-high 27) midway through the second quarter. His outburst helped keep New Orleans within reach for most of the half, as the Mavericks offense piled up points at the other end. While Gordon caught fire with outside jumpers, midrange layups and drives to the basket, his scoring eventually slowed and Dallas' team-wide effort kept churning. Once the Mavericks clamped down on Gordon with a series of double teams and forced the ball out of his hands, their lead quickly escalated. 
 
 NOT: Tyreke Evans  saw little playing time, despite Holiday and  Ryan Anderson  missing from action. In nine minutes, Evans failed to score or log an assist or rebound. Following the game, coach  Monty Williams  said Evans was unable to play in the second half due to an unspecified ankle injury which Williams didn't elaborate on. It was Evans' first scoreless outing since a Nov. 10 loss at Phoenix.  
 
 BAD MOVE:  The Pelicans' defense did not adjust well without the services of point guard  Jrue Holiday , who was diagnosed with a stress fracture in his right leg earlier on Friday. Pelicans' coach Monty Williams said Holiday's defense was the, "head of the snake" and New Orleans looked lost without him. Dallas guards Calderon and Ellis took advantage of a shaky Rivers and  Brian Roberts  at the perimeter, driving into the paint with ease before utilizing quick ball movement to rain down a barrage of open 3-pointers.  
 
 NOTABLE:  The Pelicans suffered three unforced turnovers in the first seven minutes of the game, as Davis and  Jason Smith  were whistled for traveling after leaping in the air and coming down with the ball. Minutes later, Gordon was called on a double-dribble while leading a fast break ... The Mavericks tallied 31 first-quarter points, making the seventh time in its past eight games New Orleans has surrendered at least one 30-point quarter. ... Dallas forward  Jae Crowder  was the only starter who didn't earn any reprieve thanks to the blowout. Crowder still logged 40 minutes, and helped limit  Al-Farooq Aminu  to just five rebounds. Aminu pulled down 20 boards in his last outing against the Mavericks. ... Dallas forward  Wayne Ellington  was unable to play due to an illness. 
 
 UP NEXT:   For the Pelicans, Saturday @ Dallas, Monday vs. San Antonio, Wednesday vs. Houston. For the Mavericks, Saturday vs. New Orleans, Monday vs. Orlando, Wednesday @ Clippers. 
