  Trail Blazers-Lakers notebook   By Bryan Chu, for NBA.com Posted Monday March 21, 2011 2:00AM THE FACTS:  Stiff neck and sore left ankle. No problem for  Kobe Bryant . Foul trouble all game. No biggie for  Derek Fisher . When it counted the most and their team trailing down the stretch, Bryant and Fisher stepped up offensively and defensively as they carried the Lakers to a thrilling 84-80 victory Sunday at Staples Center. The Lakers (50-20) clinched another Pacific Division title and now have won 12 of their last 13 games since the NBA All-Star Break. Bryant led the way with a team-high 22 points. In place of  Andrew Bynum , who was serving a two-game suspension,  Lamar Odom  added 16 points and 11 rebounds and  Pau Gasol  finished with 14 points and 13 rebounds. Fisher, who had four fouls in the first three quarter, tallied eight points. The Blazers (40-30) were led by  Nicolas Batum , who had a season-high and game-high 25 points.  LaMarcus Aldridge  chipped in with 18 points and  Rudy Fernandez  added 10. With the loss, Portland has just a 0.5 game lead on New Orleans for the sixth spot in the Western Conference. Portland trailed at one point, 31-22, but rallied back with a 15-6 run and then a 15-0 run to go up 53-44 in the third quarter. The Blazers held a 74-68 advantage in the final five minutes of play, but then everything turned for the worst. They turned the ball over and couldn't hit a basket. Off a steal, Bryant tied the game at 76-76 with 2:23 to go. Next, Fisher picked off a Batum pass and then scored on a nifty 12-foot scoop shot. Bryant followed that up with a pair of tough fallaway jumpers to put the game at 82-77. Batum answered with a 3-pointer with 28.8 seconds left, but Fisher sank a 15-foot dagger from the right elbow to put the game away for good. QUOTABLE:  "It's like riding a bicycle. Once you've ridden a bicycle thousands and thousands of times it doesn't matter how long it is before you get back on that bike again, you've been there before...there's a definite comfort level with having been in those positions before."   -- Fisher on performing in the clutch. QUOTABLE II:  "I think it was mostly us. Once again, we have control of this game and we don't execute down the stretch and they tighten up their defense."   -- Blazers coach  Nate McMillan  on Portland's offense, which missed seven of its final eight shots and turned it over three times, in the final three minutes of the game. THE STAT:  10 -- The combined points scored by Bryant and Fisher in the final 2:22 of the game. No other Laker scored in that span. TURNING POINT:  Trailing by a basket, Bryant managed to poke the ball free from behind as  Andre Miller  was dribbling. The ball bounced to Fisher, who fed it to Bryant for the easy two-handed slam to tie the game at 76 all with 2:22 left. That play turned everything around for the Lakers as they finished the game on a 10-3 run. QUOTABLE III:  "No, I'm not surprised at it. I think he just gets better as the game wears on. Those big plays are part of his character that he comes through with. He brings the Lakers back time and time again in situations like that."   -- Lakers coach  Phil Jackson  on whether he is surprised at Fisher's ability to still have an impact late in games. HOT:  Batum did the most of his damage in the first half, going 8-for-10 from the field and scoring 19 of his game-high 25. He scored nine straight points and 11 of the Blazers' first 15 points in the first quarter. NOT:  For the Blazers, Miller had a horrible shooting night, missing 11 of his 14 shots. He had seven points and five assists. QUOTABLE IV:  "I don't think people quite understand the discomfort and pain he is in. His fingers look like the (Pacific Coast Highway) as far as how curvy they are. He had one of the worst ankle sprains I've seen in my career and he hasn't missed a game. He's a warrior. He loves to compete. Whatever it takes...individually we are all willing to at times put our careers and our livelihoods (at risk) to win a championship."   -- Fisher on the severity of Bryant's injuries. QUOTABLE V:  "This could be a potential playoff opponent. I think we both know that, so it's a little bit elevated because of that."   -- Bryant on the feistiness of the game. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Blazers guard  Wesley Matthews , who came into the game averaging 19.8 points per game in the last five games and is the second leading scorer on the team, was a non factor in Los Angeles as he went scoreless in 19 minutes of action. Matthews finished 0-for-4 through three quarters and only played 22 seconds in the fourth. In his last five games, he has been shooting 62.5 percent of his threes (20 of 32) and on Sunday he missed both his attempts. BAD MOVE:  With 44.8 seconds left in the game,  Gerald Wallace  fouled  Ron Artest  in the post. The play was whistled dead, but Artest got tangled with Wallace. Artest then forced the issue by putting his forearm into Wallace's throat and then his hand in Wallace's face. Artest was given a technical and Fernandez sank the free throw to bring Portland to within three, 80-77. Artest's play could have been costly had it not been for the late-game heroics by Fisher and Bryant. NOTABLE:  Bynum was suspended for two games without pay for his Flagrant Foul 2 on Michael Beasley during Friday's game against the Timberwolves, the NBA announced Sunday. Bynum caught Beasley in midair with a right elbow to the body at the 6:16 mark of the fourth quarter, a game the Lakers would go on to win 106-98 in Los Angeles. The loss is huge because Bynum is averaging 15.6 rebounds and 2.7 blocks in his last seven contests. "Proud of him because he earned his stripes," Bryant said. "It's a hard foul...it is what it is." The absence of Bynum was more than evident as the Blazers outrebounded the Lakers 45-35 and 17-9 on the offensive glass. ... Blazers center  Marcus Camby  was helped to the locker room after Bryant fell on Camby's right ankle at the 4:19 mark of the fourth quarter. Camby did not return. After the game Camby told NBA.com that he would be ready for Tuesday's game against the Wizards. ... With 1.8 seconds left in the second quarter, Lakers forward  Matt Barnes  got the pass from  Steve Blake  and took one dribble and sank a halfcourt bank shot to beat the buzzer to trim Portland's lead to 66-62. UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Tuesday vs. Phoenix, Friday vs. Clippers, Sunday vs. New Orleans. For the Blazers, Tuesday vs. Washington, Friday vs. San Antonio, Sunday @ Oklahoma City.  