  Notebook: Trail Blazers 97, Grizzlies 84   By Kerry Eggers, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday January 25, 2012 1:51AM THE FACTS: LaMarcus Aldridge  scored 23 points,  Marcus Camby  pulled down a season-high 22 rebounds and the Trail Blazers did a defensive number on the Grizzlies in a 97-84 victory Wednesday night. Memphis (10-7) shot only 37.8 percent from the field, including 3-for-14 from 3-point range. It was the eighth win in nine home games for Portland (11-7).  O.J. Mayo  came off the bench to score 20 points for the Grizzlies, who saw their seven-game winning streak end. QUOTABLE:  "He's incredible. He does all the little things to help the team win. Sometimes they show up in the stat sheet; sometimes they don't. But he's the glue guy on this team. He's always there."    --  Jamal Crawford  on teammate Marcus Camby THE STAT:  Portland outrebounded Memphis 50-39, including 27-17 in the first half. At one point late in the first quarter, the Blazers held a 13-2 edge on the boards. At the end of one period, Camby had eight rebounds, the Grizzlies five collectively. TURNING POINT:  Portland, ahead 47-43 at the half, outscored Memphis 17-2 in the first nine minutes of the third quarter to go ahead 64-45. The Grizzlies missed their first 12 shots of the quarter. By the time  Josh Selby  broke through with a driving layup with 2:47 left in the period, the game was decided. QUOTABLE II:  "We gave all we had. It just wasn't enough tonight. You have to give (the Blazers) credit. They came out and took us out of things we usually get buckets on and made us work for everything. When you're a little fatigued it's hard to keep attacking. You want to settle, and we did settle too much."    -- Memphis coach  Lionel Hollins , whose Grizzlies came back from a 20-point second-half deficit to win at Golden State on Monday. HOT:  On Monday night against Sacramento, Portland's LaMarcus Aldridge didn't score through the game's first 20 minutes. On Tuesday night, Aldridge had 14 points in the game's first 6 1/2 minutes, making his first five shots from the field. NOT:  Wearing Portland's  Gerald Wallace  like a sweater, Memphis'  Rudy Gay  made only 5 of 15 shots and finished with 11 points in 34 minutes. Gay had scored 23 or more points in each of his last three games. QUOTABLE III:  "He's a different player here at home. He feeds off the crowd. They get behind him, cheering his name. they want him to sign that extension -- we do, too. He knows how to play only one way -- all-out. He's the grit we have on this team."   -- Camby on teammate Wallace INSIDE THE ARENA:  For the second night in a row, a Trail Blazer had a chance to make a 3-pointer to hit the 100-point barrier and give each fan a free chalupa at Taco Bell. On Monday,  Luke Babbitt  made good. On Tuesday night,  Nolan Smith 's trey missed -- and the fans who remained in the sellout crowd moaned collectively. GOOD MOVE:  Portland coach  Nate McMillan  had Wallace focus on defending Gay. Memphis' leading scorer never got rolling. BAD MOVE:  Hollins switched Gay onto Aldridge for part of the second quarter and much of the second half. It was understandable given Aldridge's great start offensively, but it seemed to take something from Gay's offense, too. NOTABLE:  Wallace is leading the NBA in field-goal percentage at home (63.8). He is shooting 29.6 percent on the road. UP NEXT:  For the Blazers, Wednesday @ Golden State, Friday vs. Phoenix, Monday @ Utah. For the Grizzlies, Thursday @ L.A. Clippers, Saturday @  Phoenix, Monday vs. San Antonio  