Notebook: Pistons 107, Heat 97 
 
 
 Zachary Paul, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Dec 03, 2013 11:06 PM - Updated Tue Dec 03, 2013 11:06 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Detroit Pistons snapped the Heat's 10-game winning streak.  
 
 THE LEAD:  The Detroit Pistons had seven players score in double-figures to capture a 107-97 victory against the two-time defending champion Miami Heat  on Tuesday at AmericanAirlines Arena.  
 Reserve  Kyle Singler  scored a team-high 18 points, but had plenty of help.  Greg Monroe  and  Rodney Stuckey  each scored 16 points while center  Andre Drummond  finished with 10 points and 18 rebounds.  
 The Pistons improved to 8-10 with the win, taking advantage of a Heat team playing without guard  Dwyane Wade . He sat out because of sore knees after experiencing problems following Sunday's game against the Charlotte Bobcats.  
 His absence left the scoring load to  LeBron James , who finished with 23 points, six assists and five rebounds. Forward  Michael Beasley  also had 23 points on 9 of 16 shooting, but the Heat's struggles were mostly on the defensive end.  
 The Pistons shot 51 percent from the field, finishing with 60 points in the paints.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "What was good about tonight is we didn't play perfect down the stretch. There were offensive possession where we didn't run the set the way we should have. What was good to see was we didn't fold. We got stops on defense and were able to finish the game." 
 -- Singler  
 
 
 THE STAT:   The Heat had 18 turnovers, which led to 29 points for the Pistons.   
 
 TURNING POINT:  Bosh and James missed a pair of 3-pointers that would have tied the game at 91. That left the door open for guard  Brandon Jennings  long 3-pointer that gave the Pistons just enough breathing room.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We missed a lot of shots to start the game. We dug ourselves a hole in the first half ...We don't want to do that. We definitely don't want to play from behind. We need to do a better job of coming into the game being a little bit more aggressive." 
 -- James  
 
 
 HOT:  The tandem of  Greg Monroe  and  Andre Drummond  was just too much to handle. Monroe shot a high percentage from the field while Drummond was dominant on the boards. Drummond had eight offensive rebounds, with many of them leading to second-chance points.  
 
 NOT:  The Heat relied too much on perimeter play and it wound up being costly. Miami was just 9-of-28 from the 3-point arc.  Shane Battier ,  James Jones  and  Chris Bosh  combined to go 0-for-9. When the Heat shoot so many 3s, it usually means poor ball movement.  
 
 GOOD MOVE:  The Pistons showed extreme poise throughout. This wasn't a game where they dominated, but were able to withstand each Heat run. The Pistons responded every time it appeared the Heat were going to take control.  
 
 BAD MOVE:  Trailing 96-89, the Heat were still in position to steal this one. That ended with an errant pass from Bosh intended for James. Smith made the steal and finished with a dunk to make it a nine-point game.   
 
 NOTABLE:  Wade missed his fourth game of the season to rest his knees. He is expected to play against the Bulls.   
 
 UP NEXT : For the Heat, Thursday @ Bulls, Saturday @ Timberwolves, Sunday @ Pistons, Tuesday @ Pacers. For the Pistons, Wednesday @ Bucks, Saturday @ Bulls, Sunday vs. Heat.  
