  Clippers-Suns notebook   By Mike Tulumello, for NBA.com Posted Saturday November 27, 2010 12:23AM THE FACTS:  The Phoenix Suns, plowing through the NBA's toughest early season schedule, got a big of a breather Friday night in rolling to a relatively trouble-free 116-108 win over the visiting Los Angeles Clippers. Jason Richardson  led the Suns (8-8) with 29 points.  Steve Nash  had 16 points and 10 assists. For the Clippers (3-14),  Eric Gordon  scored 32. The Suns won their ninth straight vs. the Clippers. That's their second-longest streak against any team (12 vs. Raptors). QUOTABLE:  "You can talk about it a lot, and you can watch film. But they really got out into the open court with their penetration. And we couldn't control that."    -- Clippers coach  Vinny Del Negro . THE STAT:  The Suns had only two turnovers in cruising to a 67-51 halftime lead. TURNING POINT:   Channing Frye  knocked down a pair of 3-pointers in the middle of the third quarter to repel the Clippers' main rally and allow the Suns to coast home. The Clippers had narrowed a Suns' lead that had reached 25 points to just 75-71. Frye's 25-foot bombs propelled the Suns to a decisive 15-4 run. QUOTABLE II:  "I've been singing Eric Gordon's praises since he came into the league. He's one of those guys who got lost in the shuffle [in terms of notoriety]."    -- Suns coach  Alvin Gentry . FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:   Hakim Warrick  followed up his 23-point game vs. the Bulls (all scored in the first half) with a season-high 25 vs. the Clippers (16 in the first half). He is shooting a team-high and career-high 56 percent. ROOKIE WATCH:  The Clippers  Blake Griffin  had 20 points and 14 rebounds. NOTABLE:  Gentry had lamented the fact that he'd left Nash in for nearly 49 minutes in a double-overtime loss to the Bulls Wednesday. He did so because backup  Goran Dragic  had been struggling. Nonetheless, "I've got to leave him in ... even when things aren't going so well." That's what he did vs. the Clippers. And Dragic responded with nine points, five rebounds and four assists. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Sunday @ Utah, Wednesday vs. Spurs, Friday @ Denver. For the Suns, Sunday @ Denver, Thursday @ Golden State, Friday vs. Pacers.  