  Notebook: Heat 97, Bulls 93   By Shandel Richardson, for NBA.com Posted Sunday January 29, 2012 7:54PM THE FACTS:  The Miami Heat held on to defeat the Chicago Bulls 97-93 Sunday at AmericanAirlines Arena. LeBron James  led all scorers with 35 points while forward  Chris Bosh  added 24. The Heat led most of the game, but the Bulls were in position to take the lead late in the fourth quarter. Trailing 94-93, guard  Derrick Rose  missed two free throws with 28 seconds remaining. After James split a pair of free throws, Rose then missed a short jumpshot in the paint that could have tied it. Guard  Mario Chalmers  then hit two free throws to seal it for the Heat, who were swept by the Bulls during the regular season last year. Rose led the Bulls with 34 points. The game was a rematch of last year's Eastern Conference Finals. QUOTABLE:  "It was a highly contested basketball game/ We did a lot of good things throughout the course of the game. You have to give those guys (Bulls) a lot of credit. At the end, they stepped up their defense."   -- Heat coach  Erik Spoelstra THE STAT:  The Heat forced Rose to take tough shots in the second half. He finished just 11 of 28 from the field. TURNING POINT:   Shane Battier  and James hit back-to-back 3-pointers for the Heat to open an 11-point lead. The Bulls fought back late, but the cushion was enough to hold off the late rally. QUOTABLE II:  "It was definitely tough. ...I've been in those situations before and knocked them down. But to miss both, I let my team down. The only thing I can do is learn from it."   -- Rose on missing free throws in the final seconds. HOT:   James carried the Heat most of the way. He scored a game-high 35 points on 12 of 23 shooting. James also had 11 rebounds and five assists and made his only 3-point attempt of the game. NOT:  Much was about how the Heat would handle  Richard Hamilton , the Bulls' top offseason acquisition. Hamilton was a non-factor, shooting 4 of 16 from the field and finishing with 11 points. He also had five turnovers. GOOD MOVE:  After Rose was dominant through three quarter, Heat coach Erik Spoelstra put James on him with six minutes left in the fourth quarter. He held Rose in check for the most part down the stretch. BAD MOVE:  Despite Hamilton struggling, the Bulls designed plays for him when James started defending Rose. The move turned out to hurt the Bulls in the clutch. NOTABLE:  Heat center  Eddy Curry  played two minutes as he continues to work his way back into playing shape. Heat coach  Tom Thibodeau  said  Luol Deng  (wrist) is "very close" to returning. The Bulls also played without guard  C.J. Watson  (wrist). UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Monday vs. Hornets, Wednesday @ Bucks, Friday @ Philadelphia. For the Bulls, Monday @ Wizards, Wednesday vs. Sixers, Thursday @ Knicks.  