  Thunder-Lakers notebook   By Bryan Chu, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday January 18, 2011 2:48AM THE FACTS: Russell Westbrook  was shaking his head in disappointment in the game's final minute as the Thunder had their chance down the stretch. Behind a balanced scoring effort, the Lakers pulled out a 101-94 decision Monday at Staples Center in their first matchup against the Thunder this season. The Lakers (31-12) bounced back from their Sunday defeat to the Clippers. Los Angeles is 8-1 on the second of a back-to-back this season. The victory against the Thunder marks their eighth straight home victory against these same foes they knocked out in the first round of last year's playoffs in six games. Five different Lakers finished in double figures with  Kobe Bryant  and  Pau Gasol  leading the way with 21 apiece.  Andrew Bynum  was the only Laker to finish with a double-double, 10 points and 10 rebounds. Much like the playoffs last season, the Thunder (27-14) lacked a third scorer. Westbrook had a game-high 32 points and 12 assists and  Kevin Durant  chipped in with 24 points but he was 8-for-24 shooting.  Serge Ibaka , 11 points and 10 rebounds, was the only other Oklahoma City player to finish in double figures. Los Angeles led by as many as 15 in the contest but Oklahoma City went on a 10-2 run to cut it down to 78-75 in the third quarter. Then with 2:04 left in the game, the Thunder got to within 98-94. Bryant then missed three of four free throws down the stretch, but Westbrook, who came in as an 86.4-percent free throw shooter, clanked both his attempts. Those makes would have cut the deficit down to three with 22.2 seconds left. QUOTABLE:  "The Lakers make you do things that you don't want to do and that's what makes them a good team."   -- Thunder coach  Scott Brooks THE STAT:  9.1 -- The percent the Thunder shot from long range (2-for-22). The Lakers were 7-for-14. TURNING POINT:  Neither team led by more than seven in the first half, but the start of the third quarter was when the Lakers turned it on. A  Derek Fisher  floater got things rolling for the Lakers as they rattled off an 18-2 run to bust the game open, 76-61, at the 5:02 mark. A combination of cold shooting by the Thunder and an increased Laker intensity on the defensive end sparked the run. The Lakers never trailed from that point. HOT:  Los Angeles had no answer for Westbrook, who attacked the rim at will. Westbrook had 10 of his game-high 32 points in the second quarter. He went 12-for-23 shooting and had 12 assists to go along with two steals. QUOTABLE II:  "You're rarely playing him 1-on-1... he's fast as hell."   -- Bryant on Westbrook NOT:  Lakers guard  Shannon Brown  didn't seem like his brakes worked all game. He played out of control. At the 10:20 mark in the fourth period, Brown was just holding the ball before he fired a shot. He shuffled his feet before he let it fly. It was that kind of night for Brown, who finished with six points on 3-for-9 shooting. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Fisher finished with a season-high 15 points on 5-for-10 shooting. He also made a pair of threes and had two steals to go along with three assists. NOTABLE:  The NBA's best free-throw shooting team (83.1 percent) was 14-for-15 from the line in the first half. But the final two misses by Westbrook were costly. The Thunder finished 18-for-22 (81.8 percent) for the game. ... Gasol has been trying to get back on track offensively. He really looked for his shot against the Thunder, taking 19 attempts, which was the most he's taken in more than a month. He made just eight field goals, however, finishing with 21 points. "I don't know," said Bryant of Gasol's recent struggles. "I just try to make it easy for him. When you have a teammate struggling you try to give him as many easy looks as you possibly can." ... The Lakers had 15 turnovers, which led to 18 Thunder points. UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Wednesday @ Dallas, Friday @ Denver, Tuesday vs. Utah. For the Thunder, Wednesday @ Denver, Saturday vs. New York, Tuesday @ New Orleans.  