  Notebook: Bulls 92, Pacers 72 Posted Monday March 5, 2012 11:37PM By Kent McDill, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The host Chicago Bulls took over in the third quarter and ran past the Indiana Pacers 92-72 Monday at the United Center. The victory gave the Bulls a seven-game winning streak and ended the Pacers' own six-game wining streak.  Luol Deng  was the leading scorer for the Bulls with 20 points and  Derrick Rose  and John Lucas III each had 13.  Joakim Noah  had 17 rebounds for the Bulls.  Paul George  led the Pacers with 21 points. THE FACTS II:  Pacers center  Roy Hibbert  got two quick fouls in the game and basically disappeared, finishing with two points and seven rebounds in 25 minutes of play. Rose,  Carlos Boozer  and Deng were 3-for-21 from the field in the first half for the Bulls. QUOTABLE:  "Last time we played them, they beat us here. Now we just have to deal with them, where they put up a fight every time we play them."   --  Rose on the budding rivalry between the Bulls and Pacers. THE STAT:  The Bulls and Pacers are the second and third best rebounding teams in the league, but the Bulls outboarded the Pacers 60-32 in the game. The Bulls had 18 offensive rebounds. THE STAT II:  The Bulls were 9 for 15 from 3-point range. TURNING POINT:  After trailing at halftime by one point, the Bulls outscored the Pacers 33-13 in the third quarter, and ended the frame on a 20-5 run. INJURY UPDATE:  Bulls guard  Rip Hamilton , who was working his way back from a leg injury, collided with a Pacer player in the game's second minute and left the game for good. Bulls guard  C.J. Watson  did not play after suffering a severely twisted ankle in Philadelphia Sunday. Pacers center  Jeff Foster  did not play again because of his back problems and had an undisclosed procedure done Monday that will keep him out of action at least a week. HOT: Ronnie Brewer , who took over for Hamilton in the game's second minute, had 12 points and seven rebounds as an almost starter. NOT:  Pacers' leading scorer  Danny Granger  had just 11 points on 4-for-12 shooting. GOOD MOVE:  When the Indiana Pacers cut the Bulls' lead from 22 points to 13 points midway through the fourth quarter, Bulls head coach  Tom Thibodeau  decided to put his starters Noah and Deng back in the game. But he kept Rose on the bench and let Lucas close the game out. QUOTABLE II:  "When you let a team at home, as good as this is, get momentum on you, they can score a lot of points in a short amount of time."   --  Granger on the Bulls' third quarter run . NOTABLE:  The Bulls victory avenged one of their two home losses of the season, a 95-90 loss to Indiana on Jan. 25 when the Pacers celebrated the win a bit too much for the Bulls' liking. As a result, the Pacers are the No. 2 rival for the Bulls this season behind the Miami Heat. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, @ Bucks Wednesday, vs. Magic Thursday, vs. Jazz Saturday. For the Pacers, vs. Hawks Tuesday, @ Heat Saturday, @ Magic Sunday.  