  Notebook: Hornets 95, Wolves 89 Posted Saturday March 10, 2012 11:30PM By Jim Beilby, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  A day after losing  Ricky Rubio  to a season-ending injury, the Minnesota Timberwolves suffered the insult of being defeated by the New Orleans Hornets, 95-89 on Saturday night. The Hornets came into the game with the second worst record in the league and as losers of their last four games and six of their last seven. Minnesota on the other hand was above .500 this late in the season for the first time since 2004-05 and only a half game out of the eight spot in the West. However, turnovers, miscues and sloppy defense, not to mention missing Rubio's ability to trigger the offense, proved fatal for Minnesota.  Chris Kamen  led the Hornets with 20 points and  Kevin Love  had his typical impressive night for the Wolves with 31 points and 16 rebounds. QUOTABLE:  "This was just a disappointing game all the way around. I thought maybe it was the worst game in a long time defensively for us. There was no communication, ball watching and no playing as a team defensively and gave them a lot of easy opportunities. We can't play like that and win."   -- Minnesota coach  Rick Adelman THE STAT:  Minnesota turned the ball over 17 times, leading to 25 New Orleans points. And their lackadaisical defense allowed New Orleans to accumulate 28 assists while shooting 45.9 percent from the floor. For Minnesota's part, their recent torrid 3-point shooting did not continue as they made only 5-for-23 from beyond the arc (21.7). TURNING POINT:  After trailing by as many as 11 points in the third quarter, Minnesota fought back into the game and tied it at 74 with a little over nine minutes to play in the game. After that, however, sleep-walking defense on Minnesota's part and opportunistic offense on New Orleans part led to a 11-0 run and a double digit lead with 4:31 to play. Minnesota threatened, twice closing the gap to two, but New Orleans made their free throws down the stretch and notched their tenth win of the season. QUOTABLE II:  "We were lucky to get it tied up [in the fourth quarter]. We came back, but we should have taken care of it long before that. ... We can't afford to relax against anybody and they did a great job.  Monty  [ Williams ] had them playing well and they are playing together.   -- Rick Adelman NOTABLE:  After his 16 rebounds in this game, Love needs three more rebounds to pass  Sam Mitchell  for second place (3,031) on the Wolves career list.  Kevin Garnett  is in first with 10,542 rebounds ... Minnesota will play their next seven and nine of their next 10 games on the road ... Kevin Love and  Nikola Pekovic  scored Minnesota's first 16 points of the game and 22 of their 24 first quarter points .. Ricky Rubio will undergo reconstructive surgery on his torn anterior cruciate ligament in his left knee at a to-be-determined date. The injury occurred with 16.4 seconds left in last night's game against the Los Angeles Lakers after a collision with  Kobe Bryant . UP NEXT:  For the Wolves, Monday @ Phoenix, Thursday @ Utah, Friday @ L.A. Lakers. For the Hornets, Monday vs. Charlotte, Wednesday vs. L.A. Lakers, Thursday vs. Washington.  