  Pistons-Raptors notebook   By Holly MacKenzie, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday December 22, 2010 11:02PM THE FACTS:  On Wednesday night at the Air Canada Centre, the Detroit Pistons rolled over the Raptors, 115-93. The Pistons were led by  Richard Hamilton 's 35 points as they avenged an earlier loss to the Raptors that came after Toronto fought back from a 25-point deficit to claim the largest comeback in franchise history. QUOTABLE:  "I'm so used to it but it does fuel me. Keep booing me. I love it. It really doesn't bother me at all...It's not like I was like  Chris Bosh  and selling out the city like the city was horrible or something. Making crazy comments about the city. No, it was just Toronto and going back home to Orlando. That's pretty much it."    --  Tracy McGrady  on fans booing him in Toronto THE STAT:  Turnovers. Turnovers. Turnovers. While both teams shot better than 50 percent for the game and had similar stats in the rebounding and assist categories, because of the Raptors' 23 turnovers, the Pistons had 27 more shot attempts. They also scored 41 points off of Toronto's miscues. TURNING POINT:  Outscoring the Raptors 38-21 in the second quarter, the Pistons put together a 14-4 run to close the first half and turned an eight-point advantage into an 18-point lead at the break. Detroit shot 65 percent in the second quarter and made 15 field goals to Toronto's eight. QUOTABLE II:  "Rip came out and it was a statement game for him, I believe. McGrady, those Canadian fans need to keep booing him. They need to boo him more often because he played terrific."    --  Charlie Villanueva  on the performances of  Richard Hamilton  and Tracy McGrady HOT:  McGrady came in off of the bench and into the game to put up season-high numbers amid the boos of a Toronto crowd still holding on to days gone by. McGrady finished with a season-high 17 points. He also had season-highs for assists and rebounds with seven apiece in his 24 minutes of play. McGrady wasn't the only Piston to record a season-high in scoring as Hamilton finished with a season-high 35 points on 13-for-20 shooting. NOT:   Andrea Bargnani  finished with 16 points, but shot just 6-for-17 from the floor. He also grabbed just two rebounds and had three turnovers in 33 minutes of play. Bargnani did strain his left calf and left the game briefly before coming back to play through the pain. NOTABLE:   Ben Wallace  played in his 1,000th career game. He finished with a quiet four points, six rebound and three assists. The Raptors were without  Sonny Weems  (back) and  Jerryd Bayless  (food poisoning) and they lost  Amir Johnson  at the half to a sore back. Detroit's  Jason Maxiell  dislocated the middle finger of his right hand. The Pistons' training staff popped the finger back into place and X-rays were negative, but he did not return to game action for the second half of the game. UP NEXT:  For the Pistons, Sunday vs. Chicago, Monday @ Charlotte, Wednesday vs. Boston. For the Raptors, Monday @ Memphis, Tuesday @ Dallas and Friday @ Houston.  