  Rockets-Nuggets notebook   By Michael Kelly, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday February 8, 2011 12:41AM THE FACTS: Kevin Martin  had 37 points and  Luis Scola  scored 25 as the Houston Rockets survived 50 points from  Carmelo Anthony  to beat the Denver Nuggets 108-103 on Monday night. QUOTABLE:  "The jump shot was falling and it opened up drives to the rack. But 50 don't mean nothing tonight. I'd give it back. When you score 50 points and lose you start thinking why. Why the 50? If we'd have won it would have been totally different."   -- Anthony THE STAT:  The Rockets had 27 assists and no player had more than seven. The Nuggets managed just 14 assists. TURNING POINT:  The Rockets led 58-56 with 9:12 left in the third quarter but blew it open with a 13-0 run. Martin scored 16 points in the quarter to lead the way and the Rockets kept a double-digit lead for most of the second half before Denver made a late surge that fell short. HOT:  Martin scored just eight points when the teams played in Denver on Jan 3. He more than made up for that with a big night Monday. QUOTABLE II:  "I was focusing on missing shots up here the last couple of times. I had to get it out of my head. I did that at halftime and finally started playing in the third."   -- Martin NOT:  The Nuggets' health.  Nene  was out with a sinus infection/chest congestion and then  Chauncey Billups  went down in the first quarter with a left knee strain and didn't return. Billups is scheduled to have an MRI done Tuesday. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Anthony tied his career high for points set Nov. 27, 2009. He is averaging 32.6 points over his last five games. GOOD MOVE:  The Rockets opted to play Anthony straight up instead of doubling him. He matched his career high but other than  Ty Lawson 's 19 points, no other Denver player did any damage. BAD MOVE:  Nuggets coach  George Karl  could not find a cohesive lineup after Billups went down. Denver looked out of sync the entire second half. ROOKIE WATCH:  Houston's  Ish Smith , called up from the NBA D-League to replace the suspended  Aaron Brooks , had six assists and three rebounds in 12 minutes. NOTABLE:  The Nuggets have lost back-to-back home games for just the second time since the start of the 2007-08 season. UP NEXT:  For the Rockets, Tuesday vs. Minnesota, Saturday vs. Dallas, Monday vs. Denver. For the Nuggets, Wednesday @ Golden State, Thursday vs. Dallas, Sunday @ Memphis.  