  Rockets-Heat notebook   By Shandel Richardson, for NBA.com Posted Sunday March 27, 2011 9:52PM THE FACTS:  The Miami Heat defeated the Houston Rockets 125-119 Sunday at AmericanAirlines Arena.  LeBron James  led the way with 33 points but he had plenty of help.  Chris Bosh  dropped in 31 points and guard  Dwyane Wade  added 30 points. It was the most balanced effort from the Heat's Big Three, but they were challenged all game by the Rockets' trio of  Kyle Lowry, Kevin Martin  and  Luis Scola . They combined for 82 points in the losing effort, led by Martin's 29 points. Scola and Lowry finished with 28 and 25, respectively. The victory was the fifth consecutive for the Heat. QUOTABLE:  "That's a very good offensive team. They make it tough on you. We finally were able to get some stops there at the end. Offensively, I'm encouraged by the progress we're making. We're getting a lot more aggressive and committing to get paint attacks rather than settling."  --  Heat coach  Erik Spoelstra  said of the Rockets.   THE STAT:  James, Wade and Bosh combined for 94 points, 33 rebounds and 15 assists. It was the second straight game when all three recorded double-doubles. TURNING POINT:  Despite both teams nearly shooting 50 percent from the field, there were some defensive moments. The Heat found themselves in a battle midway through the fourth quarter until Wade had a pair of blocks and  Joel Anthony  recorded a block to allow the Heat to create some separation. HOT:  James was efficient 13 of 21 from the field despite doing most of his damage in the second half. Earlier this week, James talked about possibly resting some these final 10 games in preparation for the postseason. His strong fourth quarter is proof is he's still willing to play 40 minutes during the regular season. NOT:  Rockets forward  Chase Budinger  was one of the few players to struggle in this offensive show. Budinger hit just 6 of 15 shots. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Bosh finished with 31 points, 12 rebounds, and three assists. The fact he shot over 50 percent from the field should have made him a solid fantasy option. GOOD MOVE:  This was all about the Big Three. The Heat went to their stars and they produced. It could be a sign of them finally coming together as a team. Spoelstra said he has no problem in leaning on star power and will continue to utilize until opponents figure a way to stop it. BAD MOVE:  The Rockets allowed to Heat to disrupt their offensive midway through the fourth quarter. Part of it was because they got a little too aggressive and less patient, mainly Martin and Lowry. Martin was called for a key traveling violation while trying to force a shot. Later, Lowry challenged Wade on a possession when it may have been better to look for a better shot. ROOKIE WATCH:  Rockets center  Patrick Patterson  scored two points in 12 minutes, but the lowlight came when he was dunked on by LeBron James in the second half. NOTABLE:  Heat center  Zydrunas Ilgauskas  returned to the lineup after missing eight games because of a foot infection...Rockets center  Yao Ming  was with the team for the first time since being ruled out with a broken bone in his foot ...It was fourth time this season Wade, Bosh and James combined to score at least 90 points. It was the first time in Heat history that three different players score 30 in the same game. UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Tuesday @ Cleveland, Wednesday @ Washington, Friday @ Minnesota. For the Rockets, Tuesday @ New Jersey, Wednesday @ Philadelphia, Friday vs. San Antonio.  