  Grizzlies-Cavs notebook   By Sam Amico, for NBA.com  Posted Saturday November 27, 2010 10:54PM THE FACTS:   Mo Williams  finally seems healthy, happy and playing like the leader Cleveland needs. Williams finished with game-highs of 25 points and 12 assists to lift the Cavaliers to a 92-86 home win over the Memphis Grizzlies.  Rudy Gay  scored 17 to pace the Grizzlies (7-10), but  Zach Randolph  was limited to 13 on 6-for-16 shooting. QUOTABLE:  "( J.J. Hickson 's) energy and defensive effort on Randolph was fantastic. I told him when I took him out, 'That's the energy I want to see.'"    -- Cavs coach  Byron Scott THE STAT:  42 percent. That was the Grizzlies' field-goal percentage for the game. It's not a terrible number (the Cavs shot 42 percent, too) -- but when you consider the Grizzlies held a six-point lead at halftime on 52 percent shooting ... well, it shows you how bad things got in the final two quarters. TURNING POINT:  There were actually a couple. You could say the third quarter, when the Cavs outscored the Grizzlies by a 30-16 count, behind 12 points from Williams. But the Grizzlies came back to tie it late, meaning you could also say Williams' final 1:30 was truly the real difference. QUOTABLE II:  "The story of the game was the second half. We settled for a lot of outside and perimeter shooting. ... As the game went on, I thought we lacked energy."    -- Grizzlies coach  Lionel Hollins HOT:  While Williams and Hickson are the obvious choices for the Cavs, backup center  Ryan Hollins  came off the bench to score eight points (on 4-for-5 shooting) and grab five rebounds in 17 crucial minutes. NOT:  Grizzlies guard  Mike Conley  finished just 3-for-9, much worse than his previous three games, in which he shot a combined 53 percent. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:   O.J. Mayo  has been playing particularly well since Hollins began bringing him off the Grizzlies' bench, and continued the trend in a losing effort Saturday. Mayo finished with 13 points (6-for-12 shooting) and three boards. ROOKIE WATCH:  First-round pick  Xavier Henry  started in place of Mayo, finishing with nine points and two rebounds in 22 minutes. Also,  Greivis Vasquez , whom the Grizzlies selected with the No. 28 overall pick, went 4-for-6 for nine points off the bench. NOTABLE:  Scott has always wanted the Cavs to push the tempo and play a fast, opportunistic offense. For the first time this season, they really pulled it off, finishing with a 24-8 advantage in fast-break points. ... Cavs center  Anderson Varejao  took just three shots in 30 minutes, but still managed to contribute mightily with 11 rebounds and a pair of blocked shots. ... The Cavs and Grizzlies each play the respective conference champions in their next game, as the Cavs host Boston and the Grizzlies get the world champion Lakers. UP NEXT:  For the Grizzlies, Tuesday vs. L.A. Lakers, Wednesday @ Atlanta, Friday vs. Houston. For the Cavaliers, Tuesday vs. Boston, Thursday vs. Miami, Saturday @ Minnesota.  