  Notebook: Nuggets 117, Heat 104   By Michael Kelly, for NBA.com Posted Saturday January 14, 2012 2:36AM THE FACTS: Ty Lawson  had 24 points and nine assists,  Nene  had 17 points and 12 rebounds and the Denver Nuggets beat the Miami Heat 117-104 on Friday night.  Rudy Fernandez  and  Al Harrington  had 15 points each off the bench for Denver, which had six players in double figures. LeBron James  scored 35 points and  Chris Bosh  had 17 for Miami, which has lost three straight.  Dwyane Wade  had 12 points and six assists before leaving midway through the fourth quarter with a sprained right ankle. QUOTABLE:  "It's just a little added motivation playing against one of the best teams in the league, especially all the press they've been getting. I just wanted to come out and show a good game."   --  Lawson. THE STAT:  The Nuggets outscored the Heat 36-21 from 3-point range, but even that number is misleading. Four of Miami's 3s came late in the fourth quarter when the game was in hand. TURNING POINT:  With the Nuggets ahead 88-81 with 10:25 left,  Corey Brewer  slid over to take a charge on Wade on a fast break. Wade argued his way to a technical foul and the Nuggets scored went on a 10-1 run to take control. QUOTABLE II:  "They just broke us down too many times, broke down our defense too many times and were able to get pretty much whatever they wanted."   --  James. HOT:  James came up short of a double-double but he was the only offense the Heat had in the second half when he scored 17 on 7-for-11 shooting. He is averaging 29 points a game since missing a win over Atlanta last week with an ankle injury. NOT:  Miami's foul shooting. The Heat were 20-for-34 against the Clippers on Wednesday, a stat that contributed to their overtime loss. Friday they struggled early from the foul line, missing seven of their first 21 before settling down in the second half. James has gone 15-for-28 from the line the past two games. GOOD MOVE:  With the Heat trying to pressure the ball more in the fourth quarter, Nuggets coach  George Karl  used a lineup that consisted of his best passer. Denver was able to keep the ball rotating and away from double teams, which led to some easy baskets. BAD MOVE:  Wade aggravated his right ankle with 7:24 left in the game. He went up to block Harrington's shot and came down on the tip of his shoe and rolled it over. He lay on the court for a minute before being helped to the bench. X-rays after the game showed no break. QUOTABLE III:  "It's not broken so that's a positive. I sprained my ankle many times before but I never sprained it like that before. It never hurt that bad before. Now it's just about doing my treatment and hopefully I can get back on the court as soon as possible."   --  Wade. ROOKIE WATCH:  Heat reserve guard  Norris Cole  continues to have an impressive season. He scored 13 points and played solid point guard when  Mario Chalmers  took a breather. NOTABLE:  The Nuggets held the Heat to 13 points below their average for points in the paint. ... Denver has won 10 straight home games against Miami and 11 of the last 13 overall. ... The Heat fell behind by 19 in the fourth quarter. It's the largest deficit they've faced all season. UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Tuesday vs. San Antonio, Thursday vs. L.A. Lakers, Saturday vs. Philadelphia. For the Nuggets, Sunday vs. Utah, Tuesday @ Milwaukee, Wednesday @ Philadelphia.  