  Notebook: Pacers 105, Heat 90 Posted Monday March 26, 2012 11:34PM By Conrad Brunner, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Two teams in need of something collided Monday in Indianapolis. The Pacers emerged with a confidence-building victory. Miami exited with another troubling road loss.  Danny Granger  scored a game-high 25 and  Darren Collison  20 as Indiana led most of the way in rolling to a 105-90 victory over the Heat before 17,415 at Bankers Life Fieldhouse. Indiana won its second in a row and fourth in five games since acquiring  Leandro Barbosa  at the trade deadline, improving to 29-19 overall and 15-7 at home. Miami dropped its second game in as many nights and fell to 35-13 overall, 15-11 on the road.  LeBron James  and  Dwyane Wade  each scored 24 for the Heat, but neither was a factor down the stretch. QUOTABLE:  "You learn lessons by competing even if you don't win sometimes. Our guys had a determination that they weren't going to be denied tonight."   -  Indiana head coach  Frank Vogel . THE STAT:  This was the eighth time this season all five Indiana starters scored in double figures. The Pacers are 7-1 in those games. TURNING POINT:  The Pacers had all the momentum entering the second half, as  Paul George  hit a 39-foot 3-pointer to beat the halftime buzzer and then another early in the third quarter to cap a 14-2 run that put the home team up 56-46. James and Wade quickly silenced the crowd, scoring nine in a row -- including a four-point play when James missed a free-throw on an and-one but chased down the rebound and scored -- to cut the lead to 59-58. The crowd might've been thinking "here we go again" but the Pacers were not. Collison and Granger combined for 10 points in a 12-2 counter that pushed the lead to 71-65 and Miami got no closer than nine the rest of the way. QUOTABLE II:  "Not only was it a big win for us, but it shows us that not only can we play with them, but we can beat them. We must build on this and continue to show what we did tonight."   -  George. HOT:  Collison was electrifying, constantly beating Miami's transition defense at one end while disrupting the offense with aggressive ball pressure at the other. He also shot well, hitting 7-of-12, adding four steals, three rebounds and three assists to his 20 points. George had his first double-double of the season with 16 points and 10 rebounds, while  David West  also had a double-double with 10 points and 12 boards. NOT:  James shot 9-of-21 and committed six turnovers.  Chris Bosh  had two rebounds and four turnovers and point guard  Mario Chalmers  had three turnovers and one assist. QUOTABLE III:  "They're a team that's getting better. They made a lot of moves in the offseason and it takes time for that to come together. We've played them four times, so they've had a chance to figure us out. And you figure that they're going to get us one of those times. They play physical all the time."   --  Wade. GOOD MOVE:  Vogel has been questioned about his decision to stick with Collison as the starting point guard, particularly in light of the solid play of backup  George Hill , but the coach's faith was rewarded. Collison was the most influential player on the court at both ends. BAD MOVE:  Rather than moving on from Sunday's 103-87 loss to Oklahoma City, Miami head coach  Erik Spoelstra  couldn't resist the teaching moment, spending a large part of Monday's preparation time going over the mistakes from the previous game rather than preparing for the Pacers. NOTABLE:  Miami has dropped six of eight on the road. ... In its last nine wins, Indiana has outrebounded opponents by 9.1 per game, including 49-33 tonight. ...  Dahntay Jones  picked up an early flagrant foul in the first quarter against James. It was just the second of the season called on a Pacers player. ... A video tribute to  Jeff Foster  drew a standing ovation from the crowd during a second quarter timeout. Foster was forced to retire last week due to chronic back problems. ...  Tyler Hansbrough  was wearing a mask to protect a broken nose and cheekbone. The injuries were the result of an elbow to the face by former teammate  Mike Dunleavy  Saturday in Milwaukee. ... Both teams wore Hardwood Classics ABA throwback uniforms, with the Heat representing the Miami Floridians. UP NEXT:  For the Pacers, Wednesday @ New Jersey vs. Washington, Saturday @ San Antonio. For the Heat, Thursday vs. Dallas, Friday @ Toronto, Sunday @ Boston.  