  Notebook: Heat 102, Knicks 88 Posted Thursday February 23, 2012 11:14PM By Shandel Richardson, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The Miami Heat defeated the New York Knicks 102-88 Thursday at AmericanAirlines Arena. It was the Heat's eighth straight victory. Heat forward  Chris Bosh  led four players in double-figures with 25 points and eight rebounds.  Dwyane Wade  had 22 while  LeBron James  added 20 points, nine rebounds and eight assists. Rookie guard  Norris Cole  had 10 points off the bench, but it was his defense that deserved more credit. He and  Mario Chalmers  helped slow Knicks guard Jeremy  Lin , holding him to eight points on 1 of 11 shooting. Lin also had a game-high eight turnovers. After leading by four at halftime, the Heat took control in the third quarter by outscoring the Knicks 29-19. Miami limited the Knicks to 39 percent shooting and forced 19 turnovers. With Lin struggling, the Knicks were led by  Carmelo Anthony 's 19 points but he shot just 7 of 20 from the field. QUOTABLE:  "It's not a specific plan," Heat coach  Erik Spoelstra  said of how the Heat defended Lin. "What we wanted to do was treat him with the adequate respect he deserves."   -- Spoelstra on defending Lin THE STAT:  The Knicks shot just 31 of 79 from the field. Lin, Anthony and  Amar'e Stoudemire  combined to shoot 12 of 38. TURNING POINT:  The Knicks were able to stay close in the first half because of offensive rebounding and second-chance points, but the Heat slammed the door with defense in the third quarter. While Spoelstra said no specific plan was used, Chalmers and Cole played aggressive defense against Lin. QUOTABLE II:  "He didn't have the legs. He played last night. It happens. It was a learning experience ... We probably just played maybe arguably the best team in the NBA."   -- Knicks coach  Mike D'Antoni  said of Lin's struggles. HOT:  Bosh struggled during the first six games of this winning streak, but he came up with his second straight strong game, shooting 11 of 17 from the field. NOT:  So much for the Linsanity. He had his worst game as a starter. He lacked confidence after allowing two early steals that led to breakaway dunks for the Heat. GOOD MOVE:  The Heat turned up the defensive pressure from the get go. Cole and Chalmers played in-your-face defense, causing Lin to pick up his dribble often before setting up the offense. BAD MOVE:  The Knicks needed more from Stoudemire and Anthony. The Heat geared their defense toward stopping Lin, leaving it in the hands of the starting frontcourt. Neither contributed enough to pull off the upset. NOTABLE:  All eight of the Heat's consecutive victories have been by double-digits. UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Thursday Mar. 1 @ Trail Blazers, Mar. 2 @ Utah, Mar, 4 @ Lakers. For the Knicks, Wednesday Feb. 29 vs. Cavs, Mar. 4 @ Celtics, Mar. 6 @ Mavericks.  