  Magic-Suns notebook   By Jerry Brown, for NBA.com Posted Sunday March 13, 2011 7:19PM THE FACTS:   Dwight Howard  had 26 points and 15 rebounds while passing the 10,000-point plateau as the Magic ran away from the Suns in the third quarter and topped a beat-up Phoenix team playing without  Steve Nash  and  Channing Frye . Brandon Bass  added 17 points and  Gilbert Arenas  had 16 for the Magic, who had lost three of their last four games but led wire-to-wire over the Suns. Playing without  J.J. Redick  and  Quentin Richardson , the Magic still had seven players in double figures. "My job is to dominate on both ends of the court and I like to get some blocks early just so they know they can't come down the lane and that sets the tone," said Howard, who had four of his five blocks in the first quarter. Aaron Brooks , making his first start as a Sun in place of Brooks, had 19 points and 10 assists. "I thought we played well, but they're just a totally different team without Steve Nash," Orlando coach  Stan Van Gundy  said. "Aaron Brooks was great today, he scored a lot ... but Steve Nash just set everybody else up and gets everybody else playing. We've been fortunate that we've played them twice with him this year, and it's just a whole different ball game." The Suns missed their last 12 field goal attempts to close the third quarter and went almost nine minutes without a basket as the Magic led by as many as 22 points. "You scored 36 points in the second half you're not going to beat anyone, especially a team of that caliber," Suns coach  Alvin Gentry  said. "We have to have guys step up. We can't worry about the guys who are out, they aren't going to be with us and we can't have a pity party for ourselves." FAMILY REUNION:  With three players from each side changing uniforms in the Dec. 18 trade, free throws early in the game served as a chance for players on both sides to catch up with each other. "It was weird," Orlando's Brandon Bass said. "At the free throw line,  Vince (Carter)  was at the line and I was rooting for him, like 'good shot' and I was about to shake his hand. I'm excited that those guys have adjusted and are enjoying themselves. The main event was the matchup between Howard and former understudy  Marcin Gortat . Gortat had 10 points in the first half but only two after intermission. QUOTABLE:  "They played pretty good defense and obviously it's a very physical team, but still we missed a lot of shots and took a lot of contested shots. At the end of the day, I don't really think we did what coach told us to do, so we've got to execute and be focused a little more."   --  Suns center Marcin Gortat. THE STAT:  Since Steve Nash rejoined the Suns to begin the 2004-05 season, the Suns are a combined 356-171 (.676) with him in the lineup and are now 9-20 (.310) in the 29 games they have played without him. Nash missed his third game of the season Sunday, and the Suns are 0-3 in those games -- which includes both meetings with Orlando. TURNING POINT:  The Suns scored a season-low 13 points in the third quarter as the Magic turned a nine-point halftime lead into a 22-point bulge at 87-65. The Suns missed 15 of 19 shots from the floor (21 percent) and went without a basket for the final 7:41 during a 14-3 Orlando run to close the quarter. STAT II:  In a game that featured two of the three most prolific 3-point shooting teams in the league, the Magic held a big edge beyond the arc. Orlando had eight 3-pointers, including 7-for-18 in the first three quarters (39 percent). The Suns missed 10 of 11 3-pointers over the first three quarters (nine percent) and finished 4-for-15 for the game. NOTABLE:  Aaron Brooks and Marcin Gortat were Phoenix's only effective players. They combined to make 14-of-23 shots from the field (61 percent), while the rest of the Suns were 17-for-57 (30 percent) combined. QUOTABLE II:  "I knew he was going to shoot all jump shots. Every day in practice, when he gets the ball it's the first thing he does ... so I kind of figured he was going to come out (shooting) tonight. His swag is on the building here, and he looked good so I'm happy for him."   --  Dwight Howard on facing former teammate Marcin Gortat for the first time. NOTABLE II:  The Magic snapped an eight-game losing streak in Phoenix in emphatic fashion. Orlando hadn't won at US Airways Center since Nov. 14, 2001 and Dwight Howard, the No.1 overall pick in 2004, was 0-6 in Phoenix -- the only NBA city in which he had not won at least once. UP NEXT:  For the Magic, Monday @ Los Angeles Lakers, Wednesday @ Milwaukee and Friday vs. the Nuggets. For the Suns, Monday @ Utah, Wednesday @ New Orleans and Friday vs. the Warriors.   