  Notebook: Grizzlies 103, Hornets 91 Posted Wednesday April 18, 2012 11:55PM By L. Jason Smith, for NBA.com THE FACTS:   Rudy Gay  scored 26 points and  Mike Conley  added 20 as the Memphis Grizzlies clinched a playoff berth for the second consecutive season with a 103-91 victory over the New Orleans Hornets on Wednesday night at FedExForum.  Zach Randolph  and  O.J. Mayo  added a combined 25 points off the bench for Memphis (37-25), which won for the 12th time in its last 16 games while avenging a 13-point road loss to New Orleans (19-43) last Sunday. Rookie guard  Jerome Dyson's  career-high 24 points led the Hornets, who saw their season-high four-game winning streak snapped Wednesday. QUOTABLE:  "We did expect it. I think I'm the only one that's really excited or feeling a little emotional. I didn't get to play (in the playoffs) at all last year. It was good to be there and experience it, but I might as well have bought a ticket."   -- Gay on Memphis clinching a playoff berth. Gay missed all of last year's playoffs with a shoulder injury that required surgery. THE STAT:  Memphis improved to 16-3 this season when it scores 100 or more points. TURNING POINT:  After trailing 48-47 at the half, the Grizzlies imposed their will in the third quarter, connecting on 15-of-20 shot attempts (75 percent) and outscoring the Hornets 29-8 over the final 8:20 of the period. Gay had 13 points in the quarter on 5-of-6 shooting, including a pair of 3-pointers, to help Memphis build its lead to as many as 24 points after it had trailed the Hornets by six in the second quarter. QUOTABLE II:  "We just really had to pick up our intensity. We went out there like they were giving us the game, and nobody's going to give us the game. You have guys out there (who are) hungry, like  Jerome Dyson  out there playing like he was. He's trying to make a name for himself."   --Gay on Memphis' improved play in the third quarter, when they outscored New Orleans 37-12. HOT:  It was Gay's fourth straight game scoring 20 or more points and 31st with 20-plus this season. Memphis is 22-9 in those games. NOT:  The Hornets had more turnovers (11) than field-goal attempts (eight) in the third quarter. NOTABLE:  It was certainly a career night for Dyson, who, like Gay, played at Connecticut. The 6-3 reserve guard went 5-of-7 from the field and 14-of-16 from the free-throw line. He also registered three steals in just under 27 minutes. "I told these guys who have guaranteed contracts that is how you have to play," Hornets coach  Monty Williams  said of Dyson's performance. "He was aggressive. He played with a desperation that you see from guys who aren't in the NBA and trying to earn a spot." ... Memphis, which began the night two games behind the Los Angeles Clippers for the fourth-place spot in the Western Conference playoff chase, will play three straight games against teams with losing records before closing out the regular season at home against Orlando. UP NEXT:  For the Hornets, Thursday vs. Houston, Sunday @ Clippers, Tuesday @ Golden State. For the Grizzlies, Friday @ Charlotte, Saturday vs. Portland, Monday vs. Cleveland.  