  Notebook: Nuggets 118, Suns 107 Posted Saturday April 21, 2012 9:26PM By Mike Tulumello, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The Denver Nuggets have barged through the door of the NBA's playoff party. That door is still open, barely, for the Phoenix Suns. The Nuggets became the seventh team in the Western Conference to clinch a playoff spot with an easy 118-107 win over the Suns. They also pulled within a half-game of No. 6 Dallas, which plays at Chicago Saturday night. For the Suns to make the playoffs, they'll have to win at Utah Tuesday night then will have to win again at home Wednesday night against the sizzling San Antonio Spurs, who are gunning for the No. 1 spot in the West. The Suns, with a win over the Nuggets, could have wrapped up the No. 8 spot simply by beating the Jazz. But after an emotional win Thursday night over the Los Angeles Clippers, they had little to offer vs. the Nuggets. "Our whole team was lost defensively," lamented Suns head coach  Alvin Gentry , who also was disappointed in his team's 17 turnovers, many unforced. "They are just a really good offensive team. You turn the ball over against them, and they will are going to make you pay." Ty Lawson  had 29 points, 10 assists and just one turnover to lead the Nuggets. He outplayed  Steve Nash , who had eight points, 13 assists and five turnovers (he's committed 16 turnovers the past three games). "Nothing against Steve Nash; he's definitely one of my idols," Lawson said of his motivation. "Maybe against the Phoenix organization, because they picked someone else in front of me when I came out of the draft. So that is probably the only added motivation I have." In 2009, the Suns picked forward  Earl Clark  No. 14, who played little for them, over Lawson (picked No. 18) by then-general-manager  Steve Kerr  and the Suns. Also,  Kenneth Faried , considered by the Suns' in last year's draft, had 18 points and 11 boards.  Arron Afflalo  had 19 points. Shannon Brown  led the Suns with 28 points, the second-highest scoring game of his career. But he shot a modest 10-for-24.  Marcin Gortat  had 18 points and 11 boards. Sebastian Telfair  shot 6-for-7 for 15 points off the bench. In a game-time decision,  Grant Hill , though not listed as injured or inactive before the game, ended up sitting out his fourth straight with knee soreness. The availability of the Suns' defensive specialist is uncertain for the final two games. Also,  Channing Frye  suffered a shoulder injury and did not return after being hit by  Danilo Gallinari . QUOTABLE:  "An incredible road win..never going under 10 points (the Nuggets' lead late in the game)...a smart game, a complete game.   --  Nuggets head coach  George Karl . THE STAT:  The Nuggets made the playoffs for the ninth straight season. TURNING POINT:  Moments after halftime, with the Nuggets leading 62-60, Faried dunked and Afflalo scored on a fast-break layup off. A turnover by Nash, on a pass fumbled by  Jared Dudley , set up a 3-pointer by Lawson that made it 69-60. That 7-0 run ballooned to 21-4, with Lawson hitting two more 3-pointers and Gallinari nailing another. QUOTABLE II:  "I don't see the significance of saying that. If we lose, should we not go to Utah and play. Should we not play San Antonio?"   --  Gentry before the game on whether it was a "must-win" situation. INSIDE THE ARENA:  The Suns had little homecourt advantage playing before quiet fans on a Saturday afternoon. When the Nuggets' lead reached 93-72 near the end of the third quarter, a few boo-birds could be heard. HOT:  The Nuggets hit six of their first eight 3-pointers to break the game open. NOT:  Rookie  Markieff Morris  shot 1-for-6 for three points in 18 quiet minutes. GOOD MOVE:  Faried took advantage of his athletic ability in dominating Frye early. BAD MOVE:  With the Suns trailing 48-47 in the second quarter, Dudley waited for an easy pass from Brown for an uncontested layup. Instead, Brown wound up and fired a pass way over Frye's head and out of bounds. ROOKIE WATCH:  The Nuggets' Faried, one of the few rookies contributing significantly to a playoff team, was too much for Frye and the Suns. Faried shot 9-for-13 for 18 points. He also had 11 rebounds, three blocks and zero turnovers. "It feels very, very good for me as a rookie, on a playoff team, being able to start and doing the things I have been," said Faried, who said the Suns told him he was "No. 2 on their radar." The Suns picked Morris instead at No. 13. Faried went No. 22 to the Nuggets. NOTABLE:  With four quick assists to start the game, Nash moved into fifth place all-time, ahead of  Oscar Robertson , with 9,888. UP NEXT:  For the Nuggets, Sunday vs. Magic, Wednesday @ Oklahoma City and Thursday @ Minnesota. For the Suns, Tuesday @ Utah and Wednesday vs. San Antonio.  