  Bobcats-Celtics notebook   By Brian Robb, for NBA.com Posted Friday January 14, 2011 11:22PM THE FACTS:   Shaquille O'Neal  submitted a flashback performance, helping the Boston Celtics snap the Charlotte Bobcats' four-game winning streak with a 99-94 victory at TD Garden. O'Neal feasted on the Bobcats' front line on both ends of the floor to post a game-high 23 points,five rebounds and five blocks, helping the C's pull away in the fourth for the win.  Rajon Rondo  posted yet another double-double with 18 points and 13 assists, leading a balanced starting unit that scored 90 of Boston's 99 points.  Gerald Wallace  was the high scorer for Charlotte with 20 points. QUOTABLE:  "I knew to be ready. There's no excuse for me to be tired. I just came out and got a few more touches tonight, did what I could."   -- Shaquille O'Neal on his season-high 35 minutes THE STAT:  The Boston Celtics rebounded from a slow offensive start in the first half, scoring 57 points on 62.7 percent shooting from the field in the second half.  TURNING POINT:  Clinging to a two-point lead with just over eight minutes remaining in the fourth, the Celtics erupted on a 11-0 run, thanks to three consecutive 3-pointers provided by  Ray Allen  and Rondo. The surge gave Boston their first double-digit lead of the night, while providing them with enough of a cushion for the win. QUOTABLE II:  "We hung in there. Through all of that, we were still there, but mentally we've got to come with it a little bit more. It's a mental game. Ninety percent of it is mental and we are just not there yet."   -- Bobcats coach  Paul Silas HOT:  O'Neal -- With the C's short on depth upfront, Shaq played a season-high 35 minutes, putting together his best game of the new year in the process. O'Neal sunk 10 of his 12 attempts, putting him at a scorching 68 percent on the year. NOT:   Stephen Jackson  -- The Bobcats' leading scorer failed to find his rhythm against Boston's elite defense in 40 minutes of action. Jackson missed 12 of his 17 shots while scoring 13 points overall, five below his season average. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Rondo -- Another night, another double-double for the C's point guard who has tallied 14 of them despite playing in a mere 28 games this year due to a variety of injuries. QUOTABLE III:  "I thought Rondo was sensational tonight. I thought he did -- his numbers may not even show it -- but I thought he had a quarterback game tonight and that was great."   -- Celtics coach  Doc Rivers ROOKIE WATCH:  Both  Luke Harangody  and  Semih Erden  struggled. Erden, who has been battling a groin pull, piled up five fouls in just nine minutes of action, which forced O'Neal to play major minutes. Harangody missed both of his shots but grabbed four rebounds in relief of  Glen Davis . NOTABLE:   Kevin Garnett  missed his ninth consecutive game with a sprained right calf as the team improved to 6-3 in his absence. Rivers expects him to return Monday night against Orlando.  Jermaine O'Neal  sat out his second straight contest with a sore right knee. He spoke to the media at length before the game and is considering a variety of options for treatment, including surgery. He should make a decision by Tuesday. Charlotte outrebounded Boston 42-29, including 13-3 on the offensive glass.  Paul Pierce  played just 24 minutes due to foul trouble, but still put up 19 points. Allen continued his hot shooting for the month of January by drilling five of his seven shots. He has hit 69.8 percent of his 3s during Boston's last eight games. With the Bobcats dropped to 6-3 overall under Silas. UP NEXT:  For the Bobcats, Saturday vs. New Orleans, Monday @ Philadelphia, Tuesday @ Chicago. For the Celtics, Monday vs. Orlando, Wednesday vs. Detroit, Friday vs. Utah.  