  Lakers-Warriors notebook   By Geoff Lepper, for NBA.com Posted Thursday January 13, 2011 1:58AM THE FACTS:   Kobe Bryant  scored 39 points, including 17 during a scintillating fourth quarter, to lead the Los Angeles Lakers to a 115-110 comeback victory against the Golden State Warriors on Wednesday. Bryant added six rebounds, four assists and three steals for the Lakers, who swept a back-to-back and have won eight of their last nine.  Monta Ellis  had 38 points in his head-to-head battle with Bryant, but couldn't keep the Warriors from losing to the Lakers for a 12th consecutive time. QUOTABLE:  "He's been waiting to have that kind of game. We haven't had many finishes like that for a while. And that's what he loves to do."    -- Lakers coach  Phil Jackson  on Kobe Bryant's late heroics THE STAT:  36:27. While Ellis and Dorell Wright (27 points, seven rebounds, four assists, three steals) were playing the entire game for the Warriors, Bryant was able to catch almost 12 minutes of rest -- including sitting out the first 5:23 of the fourth quarter. That break afforded Bryant the chance to attack Ellis with renewed vigor when he did finally check in for the stretch run, smashing the Warriors' hopes. TURNING POINT:  The game pivoted on Bryant's return with 6:37 left. He scored 13 of the Lakers' next 18 points, and assisted on three others as Los Angeles opened a 105-99 lead with 43.9 seconds left on Bryant's 29-foot laser over Ellis' head. The Lakers made eight consecutive free throws from there to close out the win. QUOTABLE II:  "Once you feel the game start slipping -- Kobe's a step ahead of everybody. He's thinking the same thing everyone else is thinking, but it's a little bit different -- he's thinking that he's got to do what it takes to help his team pull out the win."    -- Lakers forward  Ron Artest  on Kobe Bryant's killer instinct HOT:  Through the first half, Ellis looked like he would be the story, dropping 23 points -- including three 3-pointers -- on Bryant to give the Warriors a 53-45 lead. NOT:  It was a rough night for Warriors center  Andris Biedrins , who lasted just 25 minutes, collecting three rebounds and two points before fouling out. INSIDE THE ARENA:  New Warriors owner  Joe Lacob  celebrated his birthday with a cake in his courtside seat. GOOD MOVE:  Jackson's decision to rest Bryant in the fourth quarter was a win-win choice. Not only did Bryant get a blow, but the speed of his replacement,  Shannon Brown , meant that Ellis had to expend more energy on the defensive end -- softening the defenses before Bryant came on the deliver the coup de grace. BAD MOVE:  Wright, the Warriors' best perimeter defender, stood up well to Bryant earlier in the game, but  Keith Smart  never switched him onto Bryant in the final minutes, instead sticking with Ellis -- to no avail. NOTABLE:  With Biedrins in foul trouble, Lakers big men  Pau Gasol  (24 points, 11 rebounds) and  Andrew Bynum  (11 points, 14 boards) feasted in the lane. Los Angeles outrebounded Golden State 47-27, and had 22 second-chance points. . . . Artest set a season high with seven assists. . . . The Warriors haven't beaten the Lakers since March 23, 2008. . . . Smart played coy when asked what's a realistic goal for Golden State's stretch of 13 home games in 14 contests. "We cannot look down the line at our next 10 games and say, 'This is the record we want to have at the end of it,'" Smart said. "That team down the hall can probably do that, but we are not at that point yet." UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Friday vs. New Jersey, Sunday @ Clippers, Monday vs. Oklahoma City. For the Warriors, Friday vs. Clippers, Monday vs. New Jersey, Wednesday vs. Indiana.  