Notebook: Warriors 101, Wizards 97 
 
 
 Rich Dubroff, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Dec 08, 2012 11:41 PM - Updated Sat Dec 08, 2012 11:41 PM 
 
 THE FACTS: David Lee  scored 24 points and 17 rebounds,  Klay Thompson  had 23 and  Stephen Curry  added 22 to lead the Golden State Warriors to their third straight win on the road, and their 10th of 12, 101-97 over the Washington Wizards on Saturday night. 
 Golden State hadn't won the first three games of a road trip since Feb. 2003. The Warriors led for most of the game, but didn't take the lead for good until Thompson hit two free throws with 3:57 to play. 
 Washington is now just 2-15. The Wizards were led by  Jordan Crawford , who nearly had a triple-double with 22 points, eight assists and seven rebounds.  Bradley Beal  had 17 points. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "Our whole focus is to rebound the ball and let the scoring take care of itself." --  Lee on Golden State's improvement in rebounding. 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Warriors outrebounded the Wizards 57-37. "I think really the big difference obviously tonight being we got just hammered on the boards," Washington coach  Randy Wittman  said.   
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Warriors went on a 9-1 run to take a 93-85 lead with 2:19 to play.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "Physically playing in this league is draining. Fatigue sets in and the good teams have a way of telling their bodies: 'Hold off until later. We've got to find a win to get a win." --  Golden State coach  Mark Jackson  on the team's fighting off exhaustion. 
 
 
 HOT:  Washington guard  Cartier Martin  was 5-for-6 in the first half. He had 14 points, but didn't attempt in 11 second-half minutes. 
 
 NOT:  Beal was 6-for-17 from the field, missing five of six from 3-point range. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Jackson had forward  Carl Landry  in the game at the end. He hit four key free throws down the stretch.  
 
 BAD MOVE:  Washington guard  A.J. Price  breaking his right hand four minutes into the game. He thinks he'll be out four-to-six weeks. "I knew I hurt myself right away but I was going to try and play through it, came down, I think the next possession and tried to throw the crosscourt pass and really couldn't get anything behind it.  I figured if I can't pass, then I'm just going to hurt my team," Price said. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Washington is without the four point guards it brought to training camp.  John Wall  hasn't played this season with a left knee injury, Price is out and  Jannero Pargo  and  Shelvin Mack  have been cut. They'll make do with Crawford and  Shaun Livingston .  
 
 IN THE ARENA: Jan Vesely  continues to be a highly-paid spectactor. For the third straight game, last season's first-round draft choice, did not play. Five games ago, he played for just one second.   
 
 UP   NEXT:  For the Warriors: Monday @ Bobcats,  Wednesday @ Heat, Friday @ Magic. For the Wizards: Tuesday @ Hornets, Wednesday @ Rockets, Friday vs. Lakers 
