
 Clippers-Nuggets notebook   By Michael Kelly, for NBA.com Posted Saturday December 4, 2010 12:50AM THE FACTS:   Carmelo Anthony  had 26 points,  J.R. Smith  scored 21 as the Denver Nuggets survived a late rally to beat the Los Angeles Clippers 109-104 to win their sixth straight. QUOTABLE:  "Ugly, man. Ugly game, ugly win."   -- Anthony THE STAT:  The Nuggets made only 10 shots in the first half -- exactly half of the Clippers' made shots -- but led 49-48 at the break thanks to five 3-pointers and a 24-7 edge at the free-throw line. They outscored the Clippers 45-20 from the line in the game. TURNING POINT:   Ty Lawson  hit a 63-foot buzzer-beater at the end of the third quarter, had a steal and a layup and hit a 3-pointer to give Denver an 89-80 lead with 8:51 left in the game. The Clippers cut the lead to one later in the period but never went ahead again. QUOTABLE II:  "How many free throws did they shoot? That says it all right now. I won't say any more."   -- Clippers rookie  Blake Griffin HOT:  Griffin had 16 points and 11 rebounds to stretch his double-double streak to seven games. In his six previous games entering Friday Griffin averaged 29.8 points and 12.3 rebounds. NOT:  Nuggets forward  Al Harrington  had his third straight subpar offensive game. He missed all four of his shots and scored just three points overall. He is averaging 5 points over his last three. GOOD MOVE:  Clippers coach  Vinny Del Negro  stuck with  Brian Cook  in the fourth quarter and it paid off. Cook scored all 13 of his points in the period, including three 3-pointers to keep the L.A. in the game. ROOKIE WATCH:   Eric Bledsoe  had nine points and eight assists for the Clippers. NOTABLE:  Nuggets coach  George Karl  won his 998th career game. He is seventh on the all-time wins list and fourth among active coaches. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Sunday at the Trail Blazers, Monday vs. the Kings, Wednesday vs. the Lakers. For the Nuggets, Sunday vs. the Grizzlies, Tuesday at the Bobcats, Wednesday at the Celtics. 
