  Pacers-Kings notebook   By Jimmy Spencer, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday December 1, 2010 1:27AM THE FACTS:  Things just keep rolling for the Indiana Pacers.  Danny Granger  scored a season-high 37 points to lead the Pacers to a 107-98 road victory against the Sacramento Kings on Tuesday night. Indiana has now won four of its last five games, including wins at Miami and at the Lakers. The Kings have lost 11 of their last 12 games. QUOTABLE:  "About three years of hard work and getting your tails kicked and having a group together for a period of time. It didn't suddenly happen."   -- Indiana head coach  Jim O'Brien  on reasons behind Pacers' recent success. THE STAT:  The Kings struggled to find rhythm in a sluggish half-court offense and never clicked in transition. Sacramento scored just nine fast break points. TURNING POINT:  A tie game at halftime, the Kings came out flat in the second half, victims of a 28-6 Indiana run that opened an 18-point third-quarter lead. Indiana came out running a crisp offense and executed on open shots while Sacramento struggled to get good looks at the basket. Indiana shot 47.4 percent in the quarter compared to Sacramento's 33.3 percent. HOT:  Granger had a field day against a Sacramento defense that lacks a perimeter stopper. Granger was 12-for-19 on the night and hit 10-for-11 from the free-throw line. Granger added seven rebounds, two assists and two steals. NOT:   Tyreke Evans  put up an impressive 16 points, nine assists and seven rebounds on the night but was quiet in the second half for the second consecutive game. Evans scored 11 points and eight assists in the first half on Tuesday but finished with just five more points and one assist on the night. On Saturday against Chicago, Evans had 13 points at half but scored just four points in the second half. QUOTABLE II:  "He's our guy and how are you going to know if he's going to produce unless you let him play the minutes. ... You're not going to take Tyreke out just because he has a couple bad shots and just ice him thinking he's no good because I think he's very good and I think we stick with our guy."    -- Sacramento coach  Paul Westphal  on keeping Evans in over hot-shooting  Beno Udrih. BAD MOVE:  Too often, Sacramento's offense ran through defensive-minded center  Samuel Dalembert . Dalembert was 2-for-8 with just one turnover, but his use at the high post mostly resulted in a stagnant offense for the Kings. ROOKIE WATCH:  Kings rookie  DeMarcus Cousins  was kicked out of practice on Monday, but it only seemed to motivate his play on Tuesday night. Cousins, who was booted from practice for reasons which weren't divulged, scored 20 points and grabbing eight rebounds. He flashed the talent that made him the No. 5 overall pick, exhibiting a strong inside presence both in the post and on drives, while flaunting a consistency on midrange shots. Following the loss, Cousins said he had learned his lesson and admitted that he had been selfish. Westphal said before the game that Cousins' behavior wasn't anything the team hadn't expected. "I never expected things to be smooth," Westphal said. "I always thought it would be some steps forward, some steps back. It's a tough learning experience. ... Certainly, it's not anything you can hide. He's got some issues and we're trying to help him overcome them as soon as possible." NOTABLE:  The Kings got the game within six points in the final minutes before  Nick Collison 's jumper established a more distant eight-point lead. ... Udrih scored 24 points and was 9-for-12 from the field in 29 minutes ... Dalembert's night ended early with right patellar tendonitis. UP NEXT:  For the Pacers, Wednesday at Utah, Friday at Phoenix, Monday vs. Toronto. For the Kings, Friday at Lakers, Saturday vs. Dallas, Monday at Clippers.  