Notebook: 76ers 91, Cavaliers 77 
 
 
 Andy Jasner, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Apr 14, 2013 7:47 PM - Updated Sun Apr 14, 2013 7:47 PM 
 
 THE FACTS: Dorell Wright  scored 15 points,  Jrue Holiday, Thaddeus Young  and  Spencer Hawes  scored 14 each, and the Philadelphia 76ers defeated the Cleveland Cavaliers 91-77 Sunday afternoon at the Wells Fargo Center.  Damien Wilkins  contributed 11 points and  Arnett Moultrie  had 10 for the Sixers, who improved to 33-47.  It was the home finale for the Sixers, who have two road games remaining. 
 Five Cavaliers scored in double figures.  Tristan Thompson, Wayne Ellington  and  Marreese Speights  had 12 each while  Kevin Jones  and  Dion Waiters  added 11 apiece. It was the fourth loss in a row for the reeling Cavaliers, who fell to 24-56. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We had expectations for this season and it didn't turn out the way we wanted. It's a funny league sometimes, and we have to finish out on the road and come back strong next season." --  Hawes. 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Cavaliers shot just 36.5 percent from the field. Five players had one or fewer field goals in the game. Never a good sign. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Sixers jumped out to a 16-3 lead and never looked back. They led by as many as 28 points and never allowed Cleveland to climb within any kind of striking distance. 
 
 HOT:  Moultrie hit five of his six shots while Hawes was 6-for-11. 
 
 NOT: Tyler Zeller  was 0-for-6,  Kyrie Irving  was 1-for-6 and Waiters misfired on 10 of his 15 shots. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "Well, it's disappointing. That's why you yank guys out and bring other guys in, to see if they can get it going. But bottom line, it was a lack of effort." --  Cavaliers coach  Byron Scott . 
 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Hawes had 14 points, six assists, five rebounds, four blocked shots and two steals. It's the second time over the past 14 games that Hawes reached all these milestones in the same game -- March 20 at L.A. Clippers. Prior to that, the last Sixer to accomplish the feat was  Jerry Stackhouse  against Washington on March 29, 1996. 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  The Sixers celebrated the 30th anniversary of the 1982-83 championship team. Among those in attendance were  Julius Erving, Moses Malone, Franklin Edwards, Earl Cureton, Clint Richardson  and  Reggie Johnson . They were honored during a halftime ceremony and received a rousing ovation from the fans. "It's a great, great city for basketball, and in '82-83, the fans were especially amazing," Malone said. "I was glad we got a title for the fans. Just a great season all the way around." 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "It's very important. You always want to win the last game at home. You don't want to leave with a bad taste in your mouth." --  Young. 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Sixers coach  Doug Collins  gave some of his younger players extended playing time and it paid off. Moultrie and  Justin Holiday  played strong all-around games and gave the starters some rest. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Scott said he was unhappy with his players' effort, but he could have played Irving more than 18:57. The Cavaliers struggled in just about every phase and Irving's leadership could have helped. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Waiters and Jones scored 11 points each. Zeller was scoreless in 24:29, missing all six of his shots. For the Sixers, guard Holiday had six points while Moultrie had 10 points and six rebounds. 
 
 NOTABLE:  The Sixers have won eight of the past games against the Cavaliers. ... The Sixers finished 23-18 at home while winning six of the final eight. They have posted a winning mark at home in 14 of the past 15 seasons. ... The Sixers blocked nine shots. They're 12-6 this season when registering seven or more blocked shots. ... Cleveland had 19 turnovers, six by Waiters. ... Cavaliers guard  Shaun Livingston  didn't dress because of back spasms. ... Wright leads the Sixers with 127 made 3-pointers. He was 3-for-8 against Cleveland. His 127 treys are the ninth-most by a Sixer in a single season. ... Thompson (12 points, 12 rebounds) and Jones (11 points, 10 rebounds) earned double-doubles for the Cavaliers. 
 
 NEXT:  For the Cavaliers, Monday vs. Miami, Wednesday @ Charlotte. For the Sixers, Monday @ Detroit, Wednesday @ Indiana. 
