  Notebook: Sixers 106, Knicks 94 Posted Sunday March 11, 2012 3:12PM By Adam Zagoria, for NBA.com THE FACTS :  Lou Williams  scored a season-high 28 points and  Evan Turner  added 24 points and 15 rebounds as the Philadelphia 76ers won their third straight, 106-94, over the Knicks at Madison Square Garden. Carmelo Anthony  had a team-best 22 for the Knicks, who dropped their fifth straight and must travel to Chicago for a Monday night game. Their longest losing streak this year is six games. After returning from a two-game absence because of a strained left hamstring,  Tyson Chandler  had eight points and 12 rebounds for the Knicks. Jeremy Lin  finished with 14 points, seven assists and six turnovers for the Knicks. QUOTABLE:  "When you get your rear kicked liked we are, you just can't come out and say it's this, it's that. It's just collectively we didn't play well, collectively our spirit's not good and collectively our defense is not very good at all. Collectively, we just didn't do what we're supposed to do. And we gotta solve that somehow."   -- Mike D'Antoni THE STAT:   Amar'e Stoudemire  shot just 4-for-9 for nine points and five rebounds and, along with Anthony, sat down the stretch for the Knicks. TURNING POINT:  Young (13 points) and Turner (12) combined for 25 in the third period when the Sixers outscored the Knicks, 38-24, turning a taut 51-49 halftime lead into an 89-73 rout after three. QUOTABLE II:  "We were clicking on both ends. We were getting stops and we were getting rebounds and pushing to get fast-break points. I think we did a better job tonight of trying to get to the basket and trying to get the foul calls and get to the free throw line. That kind of made the basket a little bit bigger for us. Evan made some shots and then Lou got a little hot there as well."   -- Sixers'  Andre Iguodala  on the third period QUOTABLE III:  "Obviously tonight the third quarter juts doomed us. Thirty-nine points in the third quarter is just crazy. It's hard to explain sometimes."   -- D'Antoni WHO'S HOT:  For the third straight game Turner tallied double-figures in scoring for the Sixers. Since a two-point effort when he entered the starting lineup March 5 at Milwaukee, Turner has gone for 26 in a win vs. Boston, 16 in a win over Utah and 24 in this game WHO'S NOT:   J.R. Smith  followed his three-point effort in Friday's loss at Milwaukee with a 4-for-13, 12-point, -4 effort in this one. Smith was also fined $25,000 by the NBA Saturday for posting inappropriate pictures on this Twitter. NOTABLE:  Since winning seven in a row during the height of Linsanity, the Knicks (18-23) have lost eight of 11. They entered the day with a two-game lead on Milwaukee and Cleveland for the No. 8 spot in the Eastern Conference. NOTABLE II:  The Knicks started three different two guards in their last three games,  Iman Shumpert  against San Antonio, Smith against Milwaukee and  Landry Fields  in this game. INSIDE THE ARENA:   Seth Meyers ,  Michael J. Fox  and  John McEnroe  sat courtside. UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Monday @ Bulls, Wednesday vs. Blazers, Friday vs. Pacers. For the Sixers, Wednesday @ Pacers, Friday @ Heat, Saturday at Bulls.  