
 Nuggets-Hornets notebook   By Larry Holder, for NBA.com Posted Saturday October 30, 2010 12:24AM THE FACTS: Chris Paul  turned it on in the fourth quarter as he scored 10 of his 17 points to go along with seven rebounds and seven assists as the New Orleans Hornets toppled the Denver Nuggets 101-95 on Friday night at the New Orleans Arena. Hornets coach  Monty Williams  is 2-0 as a head coach. QUOTABLE : "We were down. I saw something in the ball screen that I might need to try to be aggressive. Coach (Williams) told me when I came (back) into the game to be aggressive. That's what I tried to do."  --  Paul  on his increased production in the fourth quarter THE STAT:  The Nuggets didn't shoot a single free throw in the fourth quarter. The Hornets were 10-for-10 from the line in the final quarter. TURNING POINT:  Nuggets guard  Chauncey Billups , who scored 20 points, fouled Paul on a 3-pointer with 3:28 left in the game and as the shot clock was expiring. Paul made all three free throws to give the Hornets a 92-86 lead, a lead the Hornets never surrendered. QUOTABLE II:  "We talked about defense before and now I think guys are starting to understand."   --  Williams  on the Hornets' renewed defensive mindset HOT:  Hornets center  Emeka Okafor  had a much better game Friday night scoring 13 points along with eight rebounds and four blocked shots. Okafor never took a shot in Wednesday night's win. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Former New Orleans Saints and Indianapolis Colts coach  Jim Mora  was in attendance at Friday's game. ... Fans harassed Nuggets forward  Carmelo Anthony , who scored a game-high 24 points along with 10 rebounds, with chants of "New York Knicks" throughout the game with all the trade rumors surrounding Anthony. NOTABLE:  Hornets forward  David West  moved into third place on the team's all-time scoring list passing  Larry Johnson.  ... The Nuggets were still without forward Kenyon Martin (left knee) and center  Chris Andersen  (right knee) for Friday's game. ... Paul only has one turnover in two games as opposed to 23 assists during the same span. ... The Nuggets came back from a 16-point deficit in the second quarter to take a six-point lead three minutes into the fourth quarter. ... Unlike last season, the Hornets depth helped the team instead of hindering it. The bench outscored the Nuggets' reserves 37-27. Guard  Marcus Thornton  led the charge with 10 points. UP NEXT:  For the Nuggets, Saturday @ Houston, Wednesday vs. Dallas, Friday vs. L.A. Clippers. For the Hornets, Saturday @ San Antonio, Wednesday @ Houston, Friday vs. Miami. 
