  Bobcats-Bucks notebook   By Rick Braun, for NBA.com Posted Sunday November 28, 2010 1:03AM THE FACTS:   Brandon Jennings  scored 32 points and  Ersan Ilyasova  had 17 points and nine rebounds in his first start of the year as the short-handed Milwaukee Bucks held on in a hectic final minute for a 104-101 victory over the Charlotte Bobcats Saturday night in Milwaukee. The Bucks, missing three starters and their top player off the bench, snapped a five-game losing streak to improve to 6-10. Charlotte fell to 6-11. QUOTABLE:  "I just wanted to give a spark. When I was out and watching I was able to see what we needed, and that's a spark and some points. If we want to be honest, we don't score enough points. That's why we haven't been winning those games. So I was just trying to give what we need in every area."   -- Bucks guard  Chris Douglas-Roberts , who scored 11 points in 19:44 of playing time in his season debut after missing the first 15 games with an eye injury THE STAT:  Charlotte's  Kwame Brown  went 5-for-6 from the free-throw line, but the one miss was a killer. When Charlotte's  Gerald Wallace  was fouled with 7.1 seconds left and the Bobcats trailing 102-100, Wallace crashed to the floor and hyperextended his left elbow. Because he was unable to continue, the Bucks were by rule able to pick any player on the Bobcats to shoot the free throws. Brown was 4-for-to that point in the game but entered having made just 2-for-8 in five previous games. He clanged the first one off the rim, and the Bobcats' last good chance to draw even was gone. TURNING POINT:  After the Bucks led by as many as 15 in the first half, the Bobcats had cut it to 72-70 on two Wallace free throws with 3:48 left in the third. From there, Ilyasova and Jennings hit back-to-back 3-pointers to spark a 10-0 run. The lead reached as many as 13 in the fourth and quarter before the Bucks held on in the final minute. QUOTABLE II:  "We could have closed it out a little better than that, but we're going to take the win."   -- Bucks guard  John Salmons  on the final stretch that saw the Bucks blow all but one point of a 13-point lead with 4:02 left HOT:  The Bucks shot 45.8 percent as a team, and while that might not qualify as hot for most teams, it was a torrid streak for a team that was shooting just 36.9 percent in its previous four games -- none of which the Bucks reached 40 percent. NOT:  The Bobcats made just 2-for-16 3-pointers (12.5 percent). GOOD MOVE:  With  Andrew Bogut  missing his third straight game, Bucks coach  Scott Skiles  decided to start Ilyasova.  Jon Brockman  had started the previous two games. Ilyasova responded with 17 points, nine rebounds and a season-high six assists as the Milwaukee offense flowed much more freely. Ilyasova's previous high in assists this season was two. BAD MOVE:  With the Bucks seriously short-handed, the last thing Bobcats guard  Stephen Jackson  needed to do was get ejected less than five minutes into the game. But that's exactly what he did with 7:31 left in the first quarter. Jackson barked at referee  Eli Roe  after a non-call on the Bobcats' previous possession, and after getting a technical Jackson didn't let up. Roe rang him up again and sent him to the locker room. Jackson left with a scoreless 0-for-3 next to his name and also may hear from the league after not leaving the floor in a very timely manner. ROOKIE WATCH:  Bucks center  Larry Sanders  made his first career start because of a foot injury to  Drew Gooden  and posted 10 points, three rebounds and two blocked shots in 24:43 of action. NOTABLE:  With injuries to Bogut (back spasms), Gooden (sore left foot) and  Corey Maggette  (sore left ankle) the Bucks only had nine players dressed for the game. Milwaukee already had  Michael Redd  (left knee surgery), rookie  Darington Hobson  (hip surgery) and forward  Carlos Delfino  (concussion) on the inactive list. Among the nine that dressed, guard Douglas-Roberts was seeing his first action of the season after missing the first 15 games with a torn retina. UP NEXT:  For the Bobcats, Wednesday @ New Orleans, Friday vs. New Jersey, Saturday @ Philadelphia. For the Bucks, Monday @ Utah, Wednesday @ Denver, Saturday vs. Orlando.  