  Notebook: Spurs 93, Sixers 76 Posted Sunday March 25, 2012 10:37PM By Tim Price, for NBA.com THE FACTS: Tim Duncan  was given the night off, but  DeJuan Blair  filled the hole in the middle of the Spurs interior with 19 points that added to a customary night from  Tony Parker  -- 21 points and seven assists -- as San Antonio planted a 93-76 defeat on the  Andre Iguodala -less Philadelphia 76ers on Sunday at AT&T Center. San Antonio finished a three-game-in-three-night stretch and won them all even with Duncan resting the last one. The Spurs (33-14) have won four in a row and seven of their last eight. The absence of Iguodala, a late scratch with a flare up of left patella tendonitis, was compounded by the off night from  Lou Williams . Philly's leading scorer, Williams shot 4-of-14, went 0-for-3 past the 3-point line, and scored nine points in 28 minutes. It was Iguodala's first missed start this season for the 76ers (27-22), who saw their lead in the Atlantic Division sink to a half game because Boston defeated Washington earlier in the day. QUOTABLE:  "This team (the Spurs) brings out the worst in us. They just put you in a bind the entire night. We normally turn the ball over 11 times and tonight it was 21. We missed 'Dre (Iguodala) because he's another ball handler. We were very careless, and that's unlike us."   --  76ers head coach  Doug Collins . THE STAT:  The Sixers scored 27 points in the second half -- three points from a season low for points in a half. When they weren't missing shots (12-of-38 for 31.6 percent including 0-of-6 from  Jrue Holiday ) they were turning it over. Their 14 turnovers (they average a league-low 10.8 per game) led to 19 Spurs points. TURNING POINT:  The Spurs started the second quarter by missing their first five shots from the floor (two were blocked), were 1-of-3 from the foul line and committed six turnovers (three-straight-possession at one point) and trailed Philly 36-30 with just 4 1/2 minutes gone from the second-quarter clock. But the Sixers could not build upon it. In less than two minutes after that the Spurs had scored six-straight and tied the game again. QUOTABLE II:  "DeJuan (Blair) had one of his better games for us. He played for 48 minutes, which is I guess impossible since I didn't put him in for that many minutes, but you catch my drift. He did a great job while he was out there, and he really set a tone for us in that respect."   --  Spurs head coach  Gregg Popovich . HOT: Elton Brand  missed just two shots for the Sixers and has missed seven the past two games. Problem was he took only eight shots against the Spurs compared to his 10-of-15 effort last game against Boston. NOT:  The 76ers went 1-of-9 from the 3-point line and didn't hit one until  Jodie Meeks , Iguodala's replacement, made one with 3:17 left in the game. Philly was outscored 21-3 from the 3-point line. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Blair just missed scoring 20 points in consecutive games for the first time since Dec. 28-29 -- another set with games on consecutive nights. With his 23 points and seven rebounds the previous night at New Orleans, Blair has scored 42 points and grabbed 13 rebounds the past two games. INSIDE THE ARENA: Dr. David Schmidt , the long-time team physician for the Spurs, was presented a framed team jersey bearing the name of his late son, Marine  Lance   Cpl. Benjamin Schmidt , who last October was killed in what was ruled a friendly fire incident in Afghanistan. It was Military Appreciation Night in San Antonio, and Popovich and Duncan made the presentation to Dr. Schmidt and his wife  Teresa. GOOD MOVE:  With Duncan (he was given a day to rest) and big-man backup  Tiago Splitter  (mid-back spasms) sitting this one out, the Spurs were thin on the inside and were going to start  Boris Diaw  alongside Blair. But Popovich went with a factor he knew more with  Matt Bonner  in the starting lineup for the second time this season. Bonner responded by hitting a pair of 3-pointers and was 3-of-5 overall for eight points in eight minutes to give the Spurs a quick start. It allowed the undersized Spurs frontcourt more room to operate inside. Diaw played and went 0-of-3 with seven rebounds in 26 1/2 minutes. BAD MOVE:  The Sixers were not able to consistently apply defensive pressure to Manu Ginobili on drives to the basket. Ginobili was 0-of-5 from past the 3-point line, but he went 5-of-8 everywhere else, and that included drives to the basket when the 76ers had a big man like  Spencer Hawes  who could not keep up with the take-it-to-the basket Ginobili. ROOKIE WATCH: Justin Dentmon  has been scoring plenty of points in the D-League at Austin (double figures in 37 of 38 games), but he's yet to get untracked in San Antonio. He scored two points in 12 minutes tonight for the Spurs. Denton (6-0, 185 pounds) went undrafted in the 2010 Draft after playing four years at Washington, and he's in San Antonio after the Spurs have become thin at backup point guard. He's scored four points in 18 1/2 minutes since his call-up. The Spurs heralded rookie, first-rounder  Kawhi Leonard , had 11 points, 10 rebounds for his fourth career double-double. NOTABLE:  Duncan was in street clothes sitting next to the Spurs assistant coaches, yet he was called for a technical foul by referee  Josh Tiven  in the first half. Ironically, another time Duncan was called for a technical foul while sitting on the bench in his career came when  Joey Crawford  T'ed him up during a game in Dallas. Crawford also was calling the game tonight in San Antonio. Duncan made comments after Ginobili fell to the floor after a drive to the basket and did not get the foul call. ... San Antonio has won the last eight at home against Philly and is 24-1 since 1986-87, with Philly last winning here in 2004. UP NEXT:  For the 76ers, Tuesday vs. Cleveland, Friday @ Washington, Saturday vs. Atlanta. For the Spurs, Tuesday @ Phoenix, Wednesday @ Sacramento, Saturday vs. Indiana.  