  Suns-Thunder notebook   By Randy Renner, for NBA.com Posted Sunday March 6, 2011 11:07PM THE FACTS:  The Oklahoma City Thunder blew a seven-point lead in the last two-and-a-half minutes of regulation but held off the Phoenix Suns in overtime for a thrilling 122-118 win. Thunder All-Star  Kevin Durant  iced the game with three free throws in the last seconds of OT, but he had a terrible shooting night -- just 3-for-14 as he finished with 15 points. But Durant's defense on Suns forward  Grant Hill  (0 points on 0-for-6) was outstanding. He also grabbed eight rebounds, three of them in overtime, blocked two shots and stole the ball twice.  Russell Westbrook  led the Thunder with 32 points, he also handed out 11 assists.  James Harden  added 26 points, tying his career-high. Vince Carter led the Suns with 29 points, he was 6-for-12 on 3-pointers.  Marcin Gortat  and  Mickael Pietrus  each had 20. Oklahoma City outscored Phoenix 37-8 at the charity stripe. OKC was 37-for-47, the Suns were just 8-for-14. QUOTABLE:  "That was a very entertaining game and a good win for us. They're as tough a team as there is. We battled and hung in there, got some stops when we needed them. I'm just glad we won the game."  --  Thunder coach  Scott Brooks . THE STAT:  Both teams were 3-for-7 (42.9 percent) in the overtime period but from the free throw line Phoenix was just 1-for-3 (33.3 percent) while Oklahoma City was 7-for-9 (77.8 percent). TURNING POINT:  Oklahoma City forced Phoenix into a turnover to start overtime that the Thunder turned into a basket. Then the Suns threw the ball away on the second position of the extra frame. OKC also converted that one into two points putting Phoenix down by four and in scramble mode for most of overtime. QUOTABLE II:  "I thought we really played lockdown defense in the fourth quarter and the overtime and that gave us our chance to win."  --  Brooks. HOT:  The Suns were deadly from long range going 14-for-31 (45.2 percent) on 3-pointers. NOT:  As good as they were from beyond the arc the Suns were not good at all form the free throw line going just 8-for-14 (57.1percent). INSIDE THE ARENA:  Nine-year-old  Addison Baker , from the Oklahoma City suburb of Norman, thrilled the crowd with a rousing rendition of the National Anthem. Also from Norman, legendary former University of Oklahoma football coach  Barry Switzer  sat courtside along with New England Patriot wide receiver (and Oklahoma City native)  Wes Welker . The former general manager of the ABA's Kentucky Colonels,  David Vance , also sat courtside. Vance is now a businessman in Oklahoma City. GOOD MOVE:  Suns coach  Alvin Gentry  gave Hill the defensive assignment of guarding Durant, whom he hounded into a seven-point first half as Durant went 1-for-7 from the field. Durant finished the game with 18, getting 11 of those at the free throw line.  GOOD MOVE, II:  Durant also had the defensive assignment on Hill, who torched the Thunder for 30 points when the teams met earlier in Oklahoma City. This time Durant pitched a shutout on Hill, allowing zero points on 0-for-6 shooting. NOTABLE:  Suns forward  Channing Frye  left the game halfway through the fourth quarter with a dislocated right shoulder. UP NEXT:  For the Suns, Tuesday vs Rockets, Thursday vs Nuggets, Sunday vs Magic. For the Thunder, Monday @ Memphis, Wednesday @ Philadelphia, Friday vs Pistons.  