Notebook: Clippers 107, Jazz 94 
 
 
 Dan Arritt, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Feb 24, 2013 1:37 AM - Updated Sun Feb 24, 2013 1:37 AM 
 
 THE FACTS:   Clippers backup forward  Lamar Odom  probably wouldn't mind playing the Jazz more often. He scored 18 points Saturday night in a 107-94 victory at Staples Center, his highest scoring game since totaling 19 against Utah last season. His efforts helped the Clippers accomplish something they hadn't done since moving to Los Angeles in 1984. 
 
 QUOTABLE:   "I'm just staying with it, looking for my offense. ... just trying to play through whatever I'm going through and just letting the game come to me." 
 -- Lamar Odom 
 
 
 THE STAT:   The Clippers completed a four-game sweep of the Jazz this season, the first time the organization accomplished that feat since 1978-79. The Clippers were based in San Diego back then, the Jazz were in New Orleans and former Clippers general manager  Elgin Baylor  coached the Jazz. 
 
 TURNING POINT:   The Jazz came in riding a three-game winning streak and appeared intent on avoiding the season sweep after they erased an 11-point deficit and took their first lead, 45-44, on two free throws by  Gordon Hayward  with 3:34 left in the first half. The Clippers scored the last five points of first half to retake a 51-49 lead. That seemed harmless enough until L.A. scored the first 14 of the second half to move ahead 65-49. Utah didn't have an answer the second time, never getting any closer than 12 the rest of the way. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:   "Third quarter, we got into it defensively a little bit, got some stops so we were more aggressive and did a much better job with points in the paint and just our overall effort."  
 -- Clippers coach  Vinny Del Negro 
 
 
 HOT:  It was a good night overall for L.A. forwards.  Caron Butler  scored a team-high 21 points on 7-for-13 shooting and  Blake Griffin  scored 18 on 7-for-12, both playing a key role on one of the great hustle plays of the season. Utah forward  Paul Millsap  also showed up on time. He scored his team's first 13 points and 15 of 16. Unfortunately for the Jazz, he picked up his fourth foul during L.A.'s deciding third-quarter run and finished with 19 points on 8-for-12 from the field.    
 
 NOT:   Three starters for the Jazz,  Marvin Williams ,  Randy Foye  and  Jamaal Tinsley , did not score a single point during the game. Foye missed his five field-goal attempts -- all from 3-point range -- and Williams and Tinsley combined to miss four shots. The Jazz missed their first 10 attempts from 3-point range before finishing 1-for-15 from beyond the arc.  Chris Paul  had his second consecutive sub-par shooting game for the Clippers. The All-Star point guard scored 11 points but shot just 2-for-8. He was coming off a four-point effort against the Spurs in which he shot 1-for-6. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Griffin is known for his above-the-rim style of play but he's not shy about getting down and dirty. Williams dribbled the ball off the foot of Butler and it rolled past the mid-court line and towards the sideline. Griffin chased after the ball, dove and slid on his chest, trapping the ball just before it reached the line. He then did a one-handed pushup while cradling the ball in his other hand, passed to  Chauncey Billups  cutting down the lane and he dished to Butler in the corner. Butler finished the play with a 3-pointer, pushing the Clippers lead to 70-51 with 6:54 left in the third quarter. 
 
 BAD MOVE:   Coming into the game, the Clippers had been called for 50 technical fouls this season, including three in a blowout loss Thursday against San Antonio. Before the game, Clippers coach Vinny Del Negro said the team needed to show more composure. That message apparently didn't get through loud enough, as Griffin and  Jamal Crawford  were called for technical fouls during the game. 
 
 NOTABLE:   Utah back up center  Enes Kanter  received four stitches to his chin during the first half but returned to play in the second.... Utah coach  Tyrone Corbin  picked up his fifth technical foul of the season, second among NBA coaches to  Mike Woodson  of the Knicks (six). ... Clippers center  DeAndre Jordan  grabbed a team-high 12 rebounds, the fourth time in the last six games against the Jazz he has recorded double-digit rebounds.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Tuesday vs. Charlotte, Thursday @ Indiana, Friday @ Cleveland. For the Jazz, Monday vs. Boston, Wednesday vs. Atlanta, Friday vs. Charlotte.  
