Notebook: Knicks 120, Wizards 99 
 
 
 Dan Kelly, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Apr 09, 2013 11:37 PM - Updated Wed Apr 10, 2013 2:34 AM 
 
 THE FACTS:  The Knicks extended their winning streak to 13 games and clinched their first Atlantic Division title in 19 years with a 120-99 win over Washington. The winning streak is the Knicks' longest since the 1993-94 team that won the last Division title.  
 
 Carmelo Anthony  scored 36 points on 13-for-21 shooting and added six assists, eight rebounds and zero turnovers. It was Anthony's 29th 30-plus point game of the season.  
 
 John Wall  got to the rim often and finished with 33 points including 11-for-14 shooting from the free-throw line.  
 
 Chris Copeland  and  Iman Shumpert  both shot 4-for-6 from the three-point line. Copeland finished with 17 points and Shumpert had 18.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We knew he was on a hot streak right now. We tried to get the ball out of his hands but he's very efficient and scores in various ways. Hats off to him. They played great tonight and everybody stepped up. Carmelo played great." 
 
 -- Wall on Anthony 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Knicks shot a whopping 20-for-36 from the three-point line.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Knicks hit nine of 12 three-point attempts in the first quarter to build a 36-23 lead that the Wizards would never seriously challenge.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "It is great, wonderful. It was one of our goals we set early in the season so we are happy that we accomplished it. It is very special. I am very proud of our coaches, our teammates. I'm glad we accomplished it." 
 
 --  Raymond Felton , on  clinching the division title 
 
 
 WHO'S HOT:  After finishing 4-for-6 Tuesday, Shumpert is now shooting 41.8 percent from downtown for the season and is at 50 percent on the 13-game winning streak.  
 
 WHO'S NOT:  The Wizards fell to 7-32 on the road this season.  
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "The second seed is still out there. It's something that's right in front of us to take. And we just gotta figure out how to go get it." 
 
 -- Knicks coach  Mike Woodson 
 
 
 NOTABLE: Kenyon Martin  left the game in considerable pain with a sprained left ankle. X-rays were negative. 
 
 QUOTABLE IV:  "Offensively, Chris (Copeland) has been fantastic. I'm just trying to get more from him and  (Steve) Novak  from a defensive standpoint. As we get closer to this playoff run, they're going to play and it's going to be valuable that they give us something on the defensive end. I mean, they're just going to have to. Because in the playoffs you find holes in your team in a playoff series and I don't want them to feel like they're being picked on defensively." 
 
 -- Woodson 
 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA: John Starks  posed for photographs at mid-court before the game. Actor  Ryan Phillippe  sat courtside.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Thursday @ Chicago, Friday @ Cleveland, Sunday vs. Indiana. For the Wizards, Wednesday @ Miami, Friday vs. Philadelphia, Monday @ Brooklyn. 
