  Notebook: Kings 96, Hornets 80   By James Ham, for NBA.com Posted Monday January 2, 2012 12:18AM THE FACTS:  The Sacramento Kings began the 2012 with a new energy, jumping all over the New Orleans Hornets for a 96-80 victory. The Kings starting backcourt of  Tyreke Evans  and  Marcus Thornton  combined for 52 points, lifting the Kings in the wake of the  DeMarcus Cousins  suspension. QUOTABLE:  "We're all 100 percent behind DeMarcus. We hope that he can come back soon, but we couldn't focus on that tonight. We just had to go out and still play a game, play hard and try to get the victory and we did."   --  Jimmer Fredette  on the DeMarcus Cousins situation THE STAT:  The Kings shot just 30 percent in the first half on the way to a 40-38 deficit. In the second half, the Kings looked like a new team, shooting 52 percent on their way to a 16-point victory. THE STAT II:  The New Orleans Hornets went 0-for-15 from 3-point range. TURNING POINT:  The Kings outscored the Hornets 30-18 in the third quarter, which was good enough for a 10-point lead going into the fourth. QUOTABLE II:  "I think DeMarcus has to do some soul searching and decide if he's going to join in, in a way that is desirable and acceptable to this organization."   -- Coach  Paul Westphal  on the Cousins suspension HOT:  Evans scored 27 points on 9-for-18 shooting. Coming into the contest, Evans had struggled early this season, averaging just 14 points, shooting just 42 percent from the field. NOT:  The Hornets'  Marco Belinelli  shot 0-for-7 from the field and 0-for-5 from behind the arc in the first half, going scoreless in 20 minutes of action. GOOD MOVE:  Westphal went to veteran small forward  Francisco Garcia  to start the fourth and he responded by hitting both of his 3-point attempts. NOTABLE:  The Kings' longest tenured player, Garcia, played for the first time this season after receiving the dreaded "did not play -- coaches decision" for the first four games of the season. UP NEXT:  For the Hornets, Monday @ Utah, Wednesday vs. Philadelphia, Friday vs. Denver. For the Kings, Tuesday @ Memphis, Wednesday @ Denver, Thursday vs. Milwaukee.  