Notebook: Bulls 110, Knicks 106 
 
 
 Adam Zagoria, For NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Dec 21, 2012 11:04 PM - Updated Fri Dec 21, 2012 11:21 PM 
 
 THE FACTS :  Mike Woodson, Carmelo Anthony, Tyson Chandler  and  Joakim Noah  were all ejected on a wild night as the Chicago Bulls handled the New York Knicks 110-106 on Friday, giving them just the second loss this season at Madison Square Garden. 
 For the Bulls,  Luol Deng  tallied season-highs of 29 points and 13 rebounds,  Marco Belinelli  added 22 points,  Kirk Hinrich  had 16 points, nine rebounds and eight assists and Noah tallied 15 points and 12 boards. 
 Anthony was ejected in the fourth period after committing his second technical foul and finished with 29 points.  J.R. Smith  added 26 points and 10 boards off the bench. 
 Woodson followed Anthony's departure with his second technical, leaving assistant  Herb Williams  to coach the Knicks. Noah and Chandler then exited when they got into a shoving and shouting match. 
 The Bulls are now 2-0 against the Knicks this season. 
 The Bulls (15-10) have won four of five and seven of nine, while the Knicks (19-7) have dropped two of three. 
 
 QUOTABLE : "I don't think they're used to being down that much. If they were up 20 points, I don't think they would've been that frustrated. We'll be playing this team a lot and they're a very good team. They played very hard and I'm just happy we won right now."  
 -- Joakim Noah 
 
 THE STAT : Chandler,  Ronnie Brewer, Jason Kidd  and  Steve Novak  combined to give the Knicks 13 points, with Brewer and Novak going scoreless. 
 
 TURNING POINT : The Bulls outscored the Knicks 24-16 in the second period to extend their lead to 54-39 at the break. Deng had six points in the period. Chicago then outscored the Knicks 29-22 in the third to push the edge to 83-61 after three. The Knicks got to within single digits in the final minutes, but couldn't overcome the deficit. 
 
 QUOTABLE II : "Bad coaching tonight. We'll get through this and regroup and get ready for Sunday's game starting tomorrow. ... You've gotta give Chicago credit. They played great tonight and [were] able to come out of here with a win." 
 -- Knicks coach Mike Woodson 
 
 HOT : Deng scored more than 20 points for the second straight game, following a 21-point outing Dec. 18 in a 100-89 win over Boston. 
 
 NOT : Brewer entered averaging 5.8 points as the starting small forward, and could be replaced in the starting lineup when  Amar'e Stoudemire  returns. He has not scored more than four points in his last four games. 
 
 NOTABLE : Woodson will huddle with Stoudemire Saturday morning to map out the power forward's schedule leading up to his return. Woodson did not rule out Stoudemire making his debut for Sunday's game against the Minnesota Timberwolves, but gave no firm return date. "I still don't know yet," Woodson said. "I'm going to sit and probably have a long talk with him [Saturday] morning when I get into the office over at our training facility, and I will sit down and talk and just kind of map out and see where he is." After Sunday, the Knicks visit the Lakers Tuesday, Phoenix Wednesday and Sacramento next Friday, so it's possible he could debut on the road. 
 
 NOTABLE II : Bulls point guard  Derrick Rose  went in the non-contact part of practice for the first time this season on Thursday. "It's going to be a while," Bulls coach  Tom Thibodeau  said before Friday morning's shootaround, according to ESPNChicago.com. "He's just got to go step by step. This is all the normal course of his rehab, he's doing fine." Thibodeau added before the game: "You can never replace a guy like Derrick, individually. We have to do it collectively. We have a lot of guys stepping up and playing well. Our bench is coming around for us, and we know we have to defend, rebound and share the ball. If we do that, we'll have a chance to win." 
 
 QUOTABLE III : "You got a 25-point lead on the road against a team like this, you're doing a lot of good things. I'm disappointed in our poise and discipline in the fourth quarter."  
 -- Tom Thibodeau 
 
 QUOTABLE IV : "I'm pretty sure the refs knew the calls that they missed. It was a tough night; it was a tough game. [A] Chicago-New York game will always be a physical game. We see them again [Jan. 11], though, back here in the Garden. We will be prepared for that."  
 -- Carmelo Anthony 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA : Billy Crudup (Almost Famous) and Jerry Ferrara (Entourage) sat courtside. 
 
 UP NEXT : For the Knicks, Sunday vs. Minnesota, Tuesday @ Lakers, Wednesday @ Phoenix. For the Bulls, Saturday @ Atlanta, Tuesday vs. Houston, Wednesday @ Indiana. 
