  Lakers-Pacers notebook   By John Oehser, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday December 15, 2010 10:31PM THE FACTS:   Kobe Bryant  scored 31 points and  Pau Gasol  added 28 as the Los Angeles Lakers left little doubt throughout a 109-94 victory over the Indiana Pacers at Conseco Fieldhouse in Indianapolis Wednesday. Bryant shot 11-for-18 from the field and scored 25 second-half points for the Lakers, who took a quick 29-10 lead and never trailed, pushing the lead as high as 26 early in the third quarter. Gasol had 21 first-half points and  Lamar Odom  had 17 rebounds for Los Angeles, which outrebounded Indiana 51-29. Point guard  Darren Collison  had 17 points and swingman  Brandon Rush  had 16 for the Pacers, who have lost three consecutive games. The Pacers had beaten Los Angeles 95-92 in Los Angeles on November 28. QUOTABLE:  "We were mentally really focused, really tuned in on what we needed to do. We knew we had to get off to a good start. We seemed to get going and get comfortable as they did in L.A. It seemed to set the tone."    -- Pau Gasol THE STAT:  Pacers coach  Jim O'Brien  said before the game the Lakers would be a tough team for the Pacers to guard, and while that was true -- the Lakers shot 73.9 percent en route to a 36-22 first-quarter lead -- the Lakers also had a dominant advantage rebounding. Los Angeles outrebounded Indiana 13-3 in the first quarter and did not allow the Pacers an offensive rebound in the first quarter. The second quarter was no better for Indiana, as the Lakers outrebounded the Pacers 14-7 in that period. The Pacers had one offensive rebound at halftime. Odom finished with a season-high 17 rebounds, and his 15 defensive rebounds also were a season high. TURNING POINT:  The entire first quarter. While Indiana made enough mini-runs through the final three quarters to have credible statistics, the Lakers' first-quarter dominance was pronounced. They not only shot 14-for-19 from the field, they never led by less than double digits after a 20-foot turnaround jump shot by  Ron Artest  gave them a 15-4 lead with 8:46 remaining. Once L.A. pushed the lead to 44-24 with eight minutes remaining in the second quarter, the final margin was as close as Indiana got thereafter. QUOTABLE II:  "They just knocked us on our heels. I don't know if it was us not being ready to play. Obviously, they remember what happened in L.A. They hit us first. It just seemed like we didn't recover from that all night long."    -- Pacers swingman  Mike Dunleavy HOT:  Gasol defined hot for the Lakers early, and was the major reason Los Angeles took control of the game. He had 14 points in the first quarter and 21 at halftime, finishing the half 9-for-11 from the field. He also had six rebounds and two blocked shots, finishing the game 10-for-17 from the field, and had four assists and two blocked shots. How hot were the Lakers early? They shot 61 percent from the field in the first half. NOT:  The Pacers shot 46.9 percent from the field, and no one was statistically horrendous, but  Danny Granger  -- the team's go-to offensive player -- shot 5-for-13 from the field and 1-for-4 from 3-point range. He also had four turnovers and his 13 points were eight below his season average. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Bryant may be an obvious choice for a fantasy player, but if Gasol was a key reason the Lakers pulled away early, Bryant was the reason they maintained their lead in the second half. He took just four shots in the first half, but had six assists in the first two quarters. He then converted 9 of 14 second-half field goals, 4-for-7 from 3-point range and had 25 second-half points. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Cincinnati Bengals wide receiver  Terrell Owens  was courtside just behind one of the baskets. Fans at Conseco Fieldhouse booed lustily when he was shown on the big screen. GOOD MOVE:  The best move for the Lakers may have been getting center  Andrew Bynum  back. He missed the first 24 games of the season after knee surgery, and Gasol said his return has allowed him to return to something close to normalcy in terms of his minutes. Gasol said he has been a bit fresher with Bynum back and therefore, a bit more aggressive. BAD MOVE:  For Indiana, it may have been beating the Lakers in Los Angeles in late November. Lakers coach  Phil Jackson  said the Pacers' celebration after that victory at the Staples Center motivated Los Angeles Wednesday. "It's not easy to win at Staples," Gasol said. "I'd be happy, too." NOTABLE:  The Lakers have won three consecutive games and six of the last seven. . . . Bynum led the Lakers' bench with five rebounds and also scored three points. . . . The Pacers' 29 rebounds were their fewerst of he season. Los Angeles' starters had more rebounds (31) than Indiana did as a team. UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Friday @ Philadelphia, Sunday @ Toronto, Tuesday vs. Milwaukee. For the Pacers, Friday vs. Cleveland, Sunday @ Boston, Monday vs. New Orleans.  