  Notebook: Cavaliers 105, Pistons 89   By Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com Posted Thursday December 29, 2011 12:10AM THE FACTS:  The Cleveland Cavaliers had six players in double figures as they spoiled the Detroit Pistons' home opener Wednesday night, 105-89, at The Palace. The Cavs, who lost to Toronto 104-96 in their opener, shot 57.1 percent from the field and outscored the Pistons 52-36 in the paint. QUOTABLE:  "When you feel good about the way you're playing defense, the offense will come. That's what happened tonight. We had a lot of confidence in our defense. We knew we could have mistakes on offense and it wouldn't change anything. The first half, we had some turnovers but we kept trusting our defense and that was the key tonight."    -- Cleveland center  Anderson Varejao  on the Cavs holding Detroit to 44 percent shooting THE STAT:  56-23. Cleveland's bench outscored the Pistons' reserves by 33 points, led by forward  Samardo Samuels  (17 points) and guard  Ramon Sessions  (16). TURNING POINT:  Rookie point guard  Kyrie Irving  and Varejao scored all of Cleveland's points during a 14-4 run late in the first half that gave their team a 14-point lead. The Pistons never recovered as they trailed throughout the second half. QUOTABLE II:  "I told him before the game, 'You get the ball in your hands, you look to push it and push it to the point where you're just exhausted.' In the third quarter, he was like, 'Coach, I think I need (a break).' But that's what I want him to do."    -- Cavs coach  Byron Scott  on top pick Irving, who had 14 points and seven assists in his second NBA game. HOT:  Rookie guard  Brandon Knight  was the bright spot in an otherwise bleak performance by the Pistons. He poured in 23 points in his second career game, shooting 10 of 13 from the field. Knight added six assists in 29 minutes. NOT:  Pistons starting point guard  Rodney Stuckey  was outplayed by Irving, shooting 4-for-12 from the field while scoring 11 points. Stuckey missed a handful of layups, which allowed the Cavs to get transition baskets. GOOD MOVE:  Scott was asked prior to the game whether Samuels, who didn't play against Toronto, was in the doghouse. Scott said he didn't have a doghouse, then proceeded to play Samuels 25 minutes. The second-year forward responded by shooting 6-for-8 from the field. BAD MOVE:  The Pistons' new coach  Lawrence Frank  ran several isolation plays for forward  Tayshaun Prince  in the early going. Most didn't work and it prevented center  Greg Monroe  (10 points) and Stuckey from establishing an offensive rhythm. NOTABLE:  Not only did Frank make his home debut as the Pistons coach,  Tom Gores  made his Palace debut as the team's owner. Gores bought the team shortly after last season from  Karen Davidson , widow of longtime owner  Bill Davidson . "I feel like I have been trained for this my whole life," Gores said. "I grew up with sports, I grew up in Michigan. I feel like I am so ready for this challenge." .... Pistons reserve  Austin Daye  missed all five of his shots and is 0-for-8 from the field this season. ...  Ben Gordon  led Detroit with 25 points. ... The Cavs had a 40-26 rebounding edge. UP NEXT:  For the Cavaliers, Friday @ Indiana, Sunday vs. New Jersey, Tuesday vs. Charlotte. For the Pistons, Friday @ Boston, Saturday vs. Indiana, Monday vs. Orlando.  