Notebook: Timberwolves 100, Thunder 81 
 
 
 Peter Kapsner, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Nov 02, 2013 12:04 AM - Updated Sat Nov 02, 2013 12:05 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Timberwolves are now 2-0 for the first time since the 2006-07 season.  Kevin Love's  return to health continues to be the spark as they blew out the Thunder.  
 
 THE LEAD:  The Timberwolves handed Oklahoma City their worst loss in over a year, dismantling the Thunder 100-81 on Friday night. A stifling defense, led by  Corey Brewer , held  Kevin Durant  to just 13 points, while Love dominated for the second straight game, racking up 24 points and 12 rebounds in just 29 minutes. He poured in 30 points with 17 boards in his return last Wednesday against Orlando. 
 The Wolves raced out to a 34-19 lead in the first quarter and never looked back. They attacked the room, pushed the Thunder around inside, and made eight out of 20 from behind the arc. The Thunder had no answer on either end, and without the injured  Russell Westbrook , looked like a shell of a team that won 60 games last year. Oklahoma City never lost by more than 17 last season. The Thunder needed a 12-0 run at the end in garbage time to even get within 19 tonight.  
 
 QUOTABLE I:  "They kicked our butt. We need to do a better job. It's not just one guy. They had a better match-up. Every time I caught it I had two guys guarding me. I need to make better decisions in that area."  --  Durant on the oppressive Wolves' defense.  
 
 
 TURNING POINT:  With just under three minutes remaining in the first half, the Wolves had four chances to push the lead to 20. After failing to convert, Durant made a 3-pointer to cut the lead to 15 and a collective "uh-oh" could be heard as the momentum seemed to shift. However, Love drilled a three just 13 seconds later, sparking a 7-0 run and putting the Wolves up 22. The Thunder never recovered.   
 
 THE STAT:  The Wolves also destroyed the Thunder inside all night, outscoring them in the paint 44 to 20.  Rick Adelman's  corner offense, featuring hard cuts and drives to the basket, resulted in a steady stream of lay-ups, and  Serge Ibaka  and  Kendrick Perkins  had no answer for the bruising duo of Love and  Nikola Pekovic  inside. Both Wolves' big men double-doubled, combining for 39 points and 22 rebounds.  
 
 HOT:  The Wolves at the charity stripe. After two games, the Wolves have attempted 31 more free throws than their opponents (67 to 36). Durant had 22 free throws in Wednesday night's victory but shot just five tonight. The Wolves are even making them at an 81 percent clip after shooting just 74 percent last year. 
 
 NOT:  Oklahoma City field goal shooting. With the Wolves swarming on defense, the Thunder clearly missed their floor leader, Westbrook, and the easy shots he both gets and creates. After shooting 48 percent last season, good for third in the NBA, the Thunder shot 40.7 percent against Utah and an abysmal 35 percent against the Wolves tonight, including a brutal 7 for 31 from behind the arc. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We were very focused tonight. We were very happy with the way we played defensively. We obviously had a great game plan for Durant. Without Westbrook they don't have as much firepower. Everybody knows that. That's taking away 25, seven and six or something crazy like that."    --  Love commenting on Westbrook's   importance to Oklahoma City. 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:   After a preseason of uncertainty, Adelman settled on starting Brewer at small forward and the decision continues to pay off. Expected to serve as a lock-down defender, Brewer has lived up to his hype, and his energy led the Wolves' effort to shut-down Durant.   
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "We wanted someone else to beat us tonight. I thought Corey just really set the tone early in the game by denying him (Durant.) And in the third quarter when we felt they were going to come out aggressive at us, especially Durant, he did another nice job of keeping him away from the ball."  --  Adelman on Brewer's defensive effort tonight. 
 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Wolves center  Gorgui Dieng  saw his first action of the season, replacing Wolves center  Ronny Turiaf  in the second quarter. Turiaf took a floor-rattling spill after being undercut on a rebound in the second quarter. 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT: Ricky Rubio  looks to be an elite source of steals all year. Rubio finished second in the NBA last year at 2.4 steals per game and, with five thefts tonight, now has eight in two games. 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  During a break in the second quarter, Minnesota Lynx guard  Seimone Augustus  received a standing ovation as she went to center court while raising the WNBA championship trophy. The Lynx swept the Atlanta Dream in the finals for their second title in three years.  
 
 NOTABLE:  Love has now grabbed an offensive rebound in 77 consecutive games, the longest active streak in the NBA.... Kevin Martin , a career 44 percent shooter, continues to struggle in a Wolves uniform, shooting 10 for 30 in two games (33 percent.)  He also drew a technical in the second quarter after missing two shots and not getting a foul call...Turiaf's injury is described as an elbow contusion. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Wolves, Sunday @ New York, Monday @ Cleveland. Wednesday vs. Golden State.  For the Thunder, Sunday vs. Phoenix, Wednesday vs. Dallas, Friday @ Detroit. 
