
 Magic-Bobcats notebook   By Derek S. Smith, for NBA.com Posted Saturday November 6, 2010 10:33PM THE FACTS:   Dwight Howard  scored 22 points and added eight rebounds and two blocks while  Rashard Lewis  matched his 22 points as the Orlando Magic squeaked past the Charlotte Bobcats 91-88 Saturday night at Time Warner Cable Arena.  Gerald Wallace  scored 25 points and grabbed 14 rebounds in the loss for Charlotte. THE STAT:   Chris Duhon  starting for the injured  Jameer Nelson  played 34 minutes and dished out nine assists while committing just one turnover for the Magic. He added four points and a blocked shot. QUOTABLE:  "Rashard (Lewis) hit big shots for us tonight. It was nice to see him get out there and have a break out night for us. That's what we needed tonight."    --Orlando coach  Stan Van Gundy  on Lewis' season-high 22 points TURNING POINT:   Quentin Richardson  scored on a driving lay-up from the left side to put the Magic ahead by three after a spirited Charlotte comeback late in the fourth quarter. Richardson finished with 14 points for the game including four in the fourth quarter. QUOTABLE II :   "Chris (Duhon) did a great job out there for us. He kept us very organized on both ends and got the ball to the right people. It was a good road win against a playoff team with one of our starters (Jameer Nelson) out."   -- Orlando coach  Stan Van Gundy  on the play of Chris Duhon HOT:  Dwight Howard. The all-NBA center is averaging 23.3 points, 13.3 rebounds and 3.3 blocks in his last three contests including making 24-of-41 field goal attempts. NOT:   J.J. Redick  was held scoreless for the first time this season on 0-3 shooting. Redick is just 5-for-17 in his last three games. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Bobcats forwardWallace recorded his second double-double of the season with 25 points and a season-high 14 rebounds. He has scored in double figures in each of the Bobcats six games including three with 20 points or more. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Nelly, a minority owner of the Bobcats, sat at center court and was wished a happy birthday by the PA Announcer. Charlotte majority owner Michael Jordan was also seated court side adjacent to the Bobcats bench. Orlando's Redick received a chorus of boos each time he touched the ball courtesy of the many ACC fans in Time Warner Cable Arena. ROOKIE WATCH:  No rookies to watch in tonight's game. Orlando's  Daniel Orton  was inactive for the fifth straight game while Charlotte's  Sherron Collins  was a DNP-CD for the fourth time. NOTABLE:  Orlando has now won 12 of the last 13 contests against Charlotte including five straight dating back to the 2009 NBA Playoffs. The Magic are 3-0 when making at least 10 three-point shots in a game. Bobcats forward  Stephen Jackson  scored in double figures for the sixth straight game. Bobcats guard  D.J. Augustin  tied a season-high with eights assists. Magic centerHoward has three games of 20 or more points and has been in double figures in each game this season. Orlando guard Richardson scored in double figures for the first time this season with 14 points.  Jameer Nelson  is listed as day-to-day with his ankle injury and hopes to be available for action towards the middle of next week. UP NEXT:  The next three games for each team, in this format. For the Magic, Monday vs. Atlanta, Wednesday vs. Utah, Friday vs. Toronto. For the Bobcats, Monday vs. Spurs, Wednesday at Toronto, Friday at Washington. 
