  Kings-Heat notebook   By Shandel Richardson, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday February 22, 2011 10:22PM THE FACTS:  The Miami Heat defeated the Sacramento Kings 117-97 Tuesday at AmericanAirlines Arena. Forward  LeBron James  led all scorers with 31 points. It was the Heat's 11th victory in 12 games, the lone loss coming last week to the Boston Celtics. At 42-15, the Heat tied the best start in franchise history after 57 games. The Heat shot 56 percent for the game while holding the Kings to 47 percent. Heat guard  Dwyane Wade  scored 23 points while forward  Chris Bosh  added 22 points and nine rebounds. The Kings were led by  Samuel Dalembert 's 18 points. QUOTABLE:  "This could've been a trap game to some people coming off an All-Star Break. ... So we wanted to focus on just us."   -- Heat coach  Erik Spoelstra THE STAT:  The Heat shot 72 percent in the first quarter. That's usually a pretty good indication they are ahead big. They led by 19 points, leaving the rest of the game as just a formality. TURNING POINT:  Considering the Heat never trailed and led big in the first quarter, there was no point for this game to turn ... unless you count the opening tip. HOT:  After being highly-criticized all season, Heat guard  Mario Chalmers  had arguably his best game. He scored 14 points, but more importantly found his shot opportunities within the offense. Chalmers was an efficient 6-for-7 from the field and also had four assists. NOT:  Kings rookie  DeMarcus Cousins  struggled against the Heat's bulk, especially when guarded by  Erick Dampier . Cousins finished just 3-for-14 from the field with eight points in 28 minutes. QUOTABLE II:  "I don't think we have the type of guys that would let this be a trap game because we're focused on our goals. We know what we have to get better at ... Against a team like this, we respect them. This is the NBA, you can get beat any night. So we had to come out with the necessary energy and the necessary focus to put them away and get them down early and keep them there."    -- Bosh FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  James continues to make a run at a third straight league MVP award. He was effective from the field, shooting 14-for-26 from the floor and 3-for-6 from 3-point range. He also added eight rebounds and three assists. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Rapper  Birdman  and former Harlem Globetrotter  Curly Neal . GOOD MOVE:  The Heat decided to put center Erick Dampier in the starting lineup. He replaced  Zydrunas Ilgauskas  in an attempt to add more bulk to slow Kings rookie DeMarcus Cousins. The plan worked with Cousins struggling mightily. In addition, it also shows the Heat continue to experiment with various lineups, something Spoelstra's done all season. BAD MOVE:  The Kings fell behind early, trailing by 19 at the end of the first quarter. That's a tough task to recover from for a healthy Sacramento team against a mediocre opponent, let alone the Heat. The Kings essentially lost this one during that stretch, allowing Miami to conduct a layup drill the rest of the way. NOTABLE:  Heat forward  Mike Miller  missed his second straight game because of complications from a head injury sustained last week against Indiana. Miller will be evaluated on a daily basis. It is unknown if he will travel with the team for the Chicago game. ... The Kings announced Tuesday that guard  Tyreke Evans  will miss three weeks after undergoing left foot surgery. His status will be evaluated after he completes treatment. UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Thursday @ Chicago, Friday vs. Washington, Sunday vs. New York. For the Kings, Wednesday @ Orlando, Friday @ Charlotte, Saturday @ Memphis.  