Notebook: Pacers 115, Magic 86 
 
 
 Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Mar 08, 2013 10:55 PM - Updated Fri Mar 08, 2013 10:55 PM 
 
 THE FACTS: Paul George  scored 25 points and the Indiana Pacers tuned up for Sunday's big game in Miami with a 115-86 rout of the Orlando Magic. 
 
 Tyler Hansbrough  came off the bench with 18 points and six rebounds for the Pacers, who made 11-of-19 3-point shots and led by 15 or more throughout the second half. 
 
 Arron Afflalo  scored 19 points for the Magic, who lost at home by 24 points or more for the fifth time within the last month. 
 
 Tobias Harris  had seven points and eight rebounds in his foul-plagued starting debut for Orlando. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "It was a great setup for us to prepare for Sunday." --  George. 
 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "Now that it's over with, I am excited about going down there (to Miami). It is going to be a fun game. They are rolling and I'm excited about it." --  Hansbrough. 
 
 
 THE STAT:  No NBA team in the last 28 years has lost six home games by more than 25 points. With eight home games left, the Magic have done it five times. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Three 3-pointers by  D.J. Augustin  helped to stretch a seven-point Pacer lead to 16 in the middle of the second quarter. 
 
 HOT:  George shot 8-for-12 overall, including 4-of-5 from 3-point range, and made all five of his foul shots. 
 
 NOT:  Rookie forward  Maurice Harkless  shot 0-for-8 and had four turnovers for the Magic. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Sensing the Magic were over-matched and had to double-team in the paint, the Pacers took advantage of open spaces on the perimeter with good 3-point looks. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "I think they just tried to come in with a very physical presence and present themselves to us." 
 --  Magic coach  Jacque Vaughn . 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Harris stayed in the game after getting two early fouls, but the foul trouble made it impossible for him to guard Pacer power forward  David West . 
 
 IN THE ARENA: Justin Verlander  and  Max Scherzer  of the Detroit Tigers came over from Lakeland to watch the game. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Pacer rookie  Orlando Johnson  played almost 20 minutes . . . The Magic's five rookies made six of 25 shots. 
 
 NOTABLE:  The Pacers are 2-0 against Miami this season, and were the last team to beat the Heat on Feb. 1 . . . The officiating crew of  Ed Malloy, Kane Fitzgerald  and  Marat Kogut  watched replays four times before finalizing calls . . . No Pacer played as many as 29 minutes . . . The 115 points was tied for the second-most by the Pacers this season.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Pacers: Sunday @ Miami, Wednesday vs. Minnesota, Friday vs. L.A. Lakers For the Magic: Sunday vs. Philadelphia, Tuesday vs. L.A. Lakers, Friday @ Oklahoma City. 
