  Notebook: Jazz 99, Heat 98 Posted Saturday March 3, 2012 12:53AM By Andrew Aragon, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  It was an All-Star game redo -- and an exceptionally positive development for the Utah Jazz on Friday night. LeBron James  played on a level that only he can, leading a furious fourth-quarter charge, and had a chance to win the game on its last possession. But instead of attempting a potentially game-winning shot, he passed to teammate  Udonis Haslem , who missed as time expired and the Heat fell short. Utah point guard  Devin Harris , instead of James, provided the game-winning points as he converted a three-point play with 4.5 seconds remaining to lift the Jazz to a 99-98 win over the Heat. Utah led by as many as 18 in the third quarter, fell behind by three in the final minute, and then pulled out the dramatic victory. Miami had won nine straight games by double digits, the second-longest streak in league history. QUOTABLE:  "I just try to make the right plays and do what it takes to win basketball games. At the end of the day, games are not lost on one shot at the end or me not taking a shot, but I know the chatter will begin. I wanted that game as bad as anyone else on that floor."   --Heat forward James on how he'll be second-guessed after passing to Haslem. THE STAT:  Forget about his last pass. In James' last two games he's gone 35-10-5 with no turnovers. He had 35 points, 10 rebounds and six assists against the Jazz. On Thursday, he had 38 points, 11 rebounds and six assists in a win over Portland. Again, with no turnovers. TURNING POINT:  After blowing an 18-point lead, the Jazz simply executed better than the Heat in the game's final 45 seconds. Down 97-94,  Al Jefferson  tipped in a miss to get Utah within one.  Dwyane Wade , who finished with 31 points, was fouled with 14 seconds left and made just one of two attempts. The Jazz called two timeouts before Harris made a floater and sank a free throw to give Utah its winning margin. HOT: Shane Battier , who averaged 4.4 points per game prior to Friday, tied his season-high in the first half with 15 points. He shot 5-for-5 from 3-point range in the first half, and finished 18 points. Jefferson was Utah's top scorer with 20 points. NOT:  The Heat went ice cold during an eight-minute stretch in the second quarter. They shot 2-for-10 during those eight minutes, and saw a 31-29 deficit stretch to 53-36. Miami point guards  Mario Chalmers  and  Norris Cole  couldn't throw it in the ocean, as they combined to shoot 2-for-14 in the defeat.  Josh Howard  (4-for-15) and  C.J. Miles  (5-for-14) had off-shooting nights for Utah. QUOTABLE II:  "We punched it into Al (Jefferson), Al kicked it out. I looked at the clock, (there were) about seven and a half seconds left. I just tried to make a play the best that I could -- gave him a pump fake, and was able to get to the lane and made a tough shot. We did a good job of spacing out."   --Jazz guard Harris on the game-deciding play. GOOD MOVE:  James changed the game's momentum while playing at point guard. He started running the team and guarding Utah's point when Miami fell behind 74-56 in the third quarter, and brought the Heat all the way back and put them in position to win. He effectively played facilitator in the final minutes of the third, then took the game over in the fourth. He scored 17 of his points on 8-for-9 shooting in the fourth. BAD MOVE:  Although his stats were great and he played another all-around solid game, Wade committed two bad fouls in the final minutes. With the game tied 92-92 with 2:05 remaining, Wade fouled Harris in 3-point range. Harris made two of the three foul shots. On Utah's final possession, it was Wade who hacked Harris on a short runner, putting him at the line and allowing him to put in the game-winning point. ROOKIE WATCH:  Utah's  Enes Kanter  and  Alec Burks  did not shy away from big moments against the Heat. Kanter banged inside and had 11 points and six rebounds. Burks scored six points in eight minutes. QUOTABLE III:  "We got an open shot. He made the right play."   -- Heat coach  Erik Spoelstra  on James passing to Haslem. NOTABLE:  It was the second straight game both James and Wade scored at least 30 points. Miami dropped to 5-1 when Battier starts. A Heat player didn't foul out, stretching the team's record to 88 straight games without a foul out. Utah had a 50-32 edge in rebounds. UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Sunday @ L.A. Lakers, Tuesday vs. Nets, Wednesday vs. Hawks. For the Jazz, Saturday @ Dallas, Monday @ Cleveland, Wednesday @ Charlotte.  