Notebook: Lakers 96, Grizzlies 92 
 
 
 Marlon W. Morgan, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Dec 17, 2013 11:43 PM - Updated Tue Dec 17, 2013 11:43 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Los Angeles Lakers evened their record at 3-3 in games played on the second night of a back-to-back this season. 
 
 THE LEAD:   Kobe Bryant  had his best shooting performance since returning to the Lakers lineup, matching his season-high with 21 points on 9-of-18 shooting as the Lakers beat the Memphis Grizzlies 96-92 Tuesday night at FedExForum. Bryant also had five rebounds and four assists.  Pau Gasol  also had 21 points with nine rebounds and three blocked shots. The Grizzlies were led by  Zach Randolph's  18 points and 16 boards, while  Tony Allen  tied his season-high with 16 points, seven rebounds and five assists. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "To me, I know I'm back when a slew of jumpers start going, especially against a defender like Tony Allen who is draped all over and is very physical. That's when I know I'm starting to feel good." 
 --  Bryant  
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Lakers scored 34 points in the first quarter, the most allowed by the Grizzlies in the opening quarter this season. In doing so, the Lakers shot .636 from the floor, making 14-of -2 shots. The Grizzlies entered the game allowing just 23.1 points in the first quarter. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Trailing by 11 with 7:30 to play, the Grizzlies went on an 8-0 run to pull to within 84-81 with five minutes left. That's when the Lakers turned to their two All-Stars, Gasol and Bryant. Gasol scored seven of his team's final 12 points and Bryant drilled a 28-foot 3-pointer that gave the Lakers a six-point cushion with 2:39 to go. 
 
 HOT:  Lakers guard  Nick Young  continues to be one of the NBA's top scorers off the bench. Young, who ranks second in the NBA with 16.5 points for players with 10 or more games off the bench, poured in 18 against the Grizzlies. Young was 6-of -11 from the field and 3-of-6 from 3-point range. 
 
 NOT:  The offensive woes continue for Memphis center  Kosta Koufos . Koufos, who is starting in place of injured center  Marc Gasol , was 1 of 5 from the floor and scored just two points. In his last five games, Koufos is shooting .324 (11 for 34) from the floor for an average of 5.8 points. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "What I wasn't pleased with was that we eased into a game that we needed to start quickly. They (the Lakers) got on the floor and they got the loose balls. From the start of the game, we battled hard after we took a hit. That's a couple of games in a row. We cannot come out and wait, especially at home, to take a hit." 
 -- Grizzlies coach  Dave Joerger 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  Already playing without starters Gasol (left MCL sprain) and point guard  Mike Conley  (left thigh contusion), the Grizzlies lost forward  Tayshaun Prince  in the first half with a sore left knee. Prince played just nine minutes, all in the first quarter, and was 0 for 1. ... Prince's injury allowed the Grizzlies to get a look at newly acquired forward  James Johnson , who was signed Monday from the NBA Development League's Rio Grande Valley Vipers. Johnson played four minutes and scored two points. ... The Grizzlies had a season-high 18 offensive rebounds, led by Randolph's six. ... The Grizzlies have now lost four consecutive games at FedExForum for the first time since Jan. 24-30, 2012. ... The Lakers won for just the fourth time this season when scoring less than 100 points, improving to 4-8 in such games. ...  Jon Leuer  scored 13 points off the bench for Memphis, giving him a career-high six consecutive games with double-digit scoring. ... The Lakers return home to Staples Center after playing four road games in five nights. They were 2-2 on the trip. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Friday vs. Minnesota, Saturday at Golden State, Monday at Phoenix. For the Grizzlies, Wednesday at Dallas, Saturday at New York, Monday vs. Utah. 
