  Wizards-Wolves notebook   By Jim Beilby, for NBA.com Posted Thursday January 13, 2011 11:35PM THE FACTS:  The Minnesota Timberwolves got their 10th win of the year and they kept the Washington Wizards winless on the road this season, defeating them 109-97 on Thursday night. Washington was relatively effective at keeping  Kevin Love  off the boards, holding him to 11 rebounds, almost five under his average. But Love scored 35 points and was 5-for-6 from beyond the arc. QUOTABLE:  "It's like Groundhog day.... We're working on things, and we'll keep working, but we have a tendency to, when we are on the road and the other team makes a little bit of a run, take a quick shot and try to hit a home run. And suddenly, we're playing from behind. They shot the heck out of it from three. We expected Love to be a handful, but he basically beat us from the 3-point line."   -- Wizards coach  Flip Saunders THE STAT:  Despite the Wizards holding Love to 11 rebounds, Minnesota owned a significant edge on the glass, outrebounding Washington 54-42 and 15-6 on the offensive end. This advantage contributed to a 22-10 Minnesota advantage in second-chance points. TURNING POINT:  Minnesota was up 10 points late in the third quarter only to have the Wizards outscore them 24-10 over the next eight minutes to take a 94-90 lead with 5:46 to play. At that point, Minnesota got back-to-back scores from  Darko Milicic , who scored on a crowd-pleasing behind-the-back, spin-move, and Love, who hit a long 3-point shot. Those baskets gave Minnesota the lead for good and started a 19-1 run that slammed the door on Washington's hopes to end their streak of futility on the road. QUOTABLE II:  "We came into the game and felt like this was a team we should beat. It could have ended a 18- or 19-game losing streak, but we just didn't close it out. That's been the story. Getting down in the fourth quarter and just having problems closing games out. This is another game we had down the stretch. We just made careless mistakes."   -- Wizards forward  Al Thornton NOTABLE:  Minnesota ranks third in the league in 3-point percentage at .388, a big improvement from last year's ranking (23rd) and percentage (.341).  Michael Beasley  ranks 10th in the league at .436 and Love ranks 11th in the league at .435. UP NEXT:  For the Wolves, Saturday vs. Orlando, Monday @ Portland, Wednesday @ Clippers. For the Wizards, Wednesday vs. Toronto, Monday vs. Utah, Wednesday @ Milwaukee.  