  Wizards-Raptors notebook   By Ben Standig, for NBA.com Posted Sunday January 16, 2011 12:06AM THE FACTS: Nick Young  scored 18 of his game-high 29 points in the third quarter and made five of six free throws in the final 18 seconds to lead the Washington Wizards to their third straight home win and past the Toronto Raptors 98-95 on Saturday night. Andray Blatche  finished with 17 points and 13 rebounds, and  JaVale McGee  added 10 points, 11 rebounds and six blocks as the Wizards held on after nearly letting a 10-point third quarter lead slip away.  Andrea Bargnani  scored 15 of his 25 points in the fourth quarter for the shorthanded Raptors, who tied the game at 79 with 8:10 remaining, but the Wizards regained the lead for good on the next possession.  Jose Calderon  finished with 21 points, 15 assists and tied his career-high with nine rebounds. QUOTABLE:  "The problem with him is he's a tough shot maker. In other words, he makes shots where guys are hanging all over. As a coach you're going no, no, no...good shot".   -- Wizards coach  Flip Saunders  on Young's hot night and ability to make contested shots. THE STAT:  Neither team made a 3-pointer in the first half, but combined to sink nine after halftime with three coming from Bargnani and two from Young. TURNING POINT:  Young opened the second half by sinking six straight shots, all jumpers, scoring the Wizards first 13 points. Though a 75-65 third quarter lead was erased, the Raptors used a lot of energy in the comeback and did not have the late legs to make a successful final push. QUOTABLE II:  "It's not like he was wide open. They were contested shots, he was hot and he was feeling it. He wasn't by himself."   -- Calderon on Young's stellar shooting in the third quarter. HOT:  Young in third quarters. For the second straight home game, the USC product has tallied 18 points in the 12 minutes after halftime. His good run started actually started late in the second quarter. After starting off 1-for-8 from the field, Young found his rhythm with a driving layup for the first of eight consecutive made shots. NOT: John Wall  missed 10-of-14 shots and is shooting 31.8 percent (14-for-44) over his last three games FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  In daily leagues, start Young with confidence at home, less so on the road. Over his last four home games, Young is averaging 28 points and shooting 51.3 percent from the floor. In his last four away from the Verizon Center, those numbers dip to 12.7 points and a 38.7 field goal percentage. GOOD MOVE:  The Wizards feeding Young when he had the hot hand in the third quarter BAD MOVE:  The Raptors not adding a witch doctor, medicine man or shaman to the staff, what with their lengthy list of injuries as they start a five-game road trip.  Leandro Barbosa  did not play and the Raptors third-leading scorer is expected to miss 1-2 weeks with a strained right hamstring, joining  Peja Stojakovic ,  Reggie Evans  and  Sonny Weems  on the sideline ROOKIE WATCH:  Wall made up for his lack of baskets with plenty of assists, nine in total, though he also had five turnovers. Toronto's rookie forward  Ed Davis  finished with 15 points and eight rebounds. INSIDE THE ARENA:  The 14,652 fans in attendance got to take home a Blatche bobblehead with the Wizards leading rebounder flexing a basketball in the crook of his right arm. NOTABLE:  Another member of the Raptors walking wounded, guard  Jerryd Bayless  was a late scratch with a sore left ankle and is considered day-to-day.  Sundiata Gaines , who was signed to a 10-day contract on Thursday, played 13 minutes as the Raptors third guard. UP NEXT:  For the Raptors: Monday @ Hornets, Wednesday @ Spurs, Friday @ Magic. For the Wizards: Monday v. Jazz, Wednesday @ Bucks, Friday v. Suns  