  Pacers-Nuggets notebook   By Michael Kelly, for NBA.com Posted Monday January 24, 2011 12:08AM THE FACTS: Carmelo Anthony  scored 36 points and hit a career-high six 3-pointers as the Denver Nuggets beat the Indiana Pacers 121-107 on Sunday night. QUOTABLE:  "They kept leaving me open. The 3-ball was falling. I was looking for the 3-ball for a month and a half now and tonight I was making them."   -- Anthony THE STAT:  The Nuggets held Indiana leading scorer  Danny Granger  to just eight points, more than 13 below his season average. The Pacers are 0-3 when Granger fails to score at least 10 points. TURNING POINT:  Indiana was within range at 78-67 when the Nuggets turned on the jets and outscored the Pacers 12-3 over the next two minutes to put this one away. QUOTABLE II:  "We knew that we owed them. We owed that team and we were looking to pay them back."    -- Nuggets guard  Chauncey Billups , on avenging a 144-113 loss in Indiana. HOT:  Anthony was unstoppable in the third quarter. He scored 23 points and hit all six of his 3-pointers in the frame. He is averaging 27 points over his last three games. NOT:  Indiana's  Brandon Rush  has averaged 6.0 points in his last five games while starting just four of the last 12 games. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Indiana's  Tyler Hansbrough  has been consistently inconsistent offensively. Over the last six games he has scored in single digits one game and double digits the next. Sunday he led the Pacers with a career-high 27 points and added 10 rebounds. It was his second double-double of the season. GOOD MOVE:  The Nuggets went with a smaller, quicker lineup in the second quarter and sped up the game against a tired Pacers team. BAD MOVE:  The schedule makers might have contributed to the Pacers' performance. They played an 8 p.m. Mountain Time game in Portland on Saturday and then had to start at 6 p.m. in Denver. ROOKIE WATCH:  Indiana's  Paul George  had a career-high 17 points off the bench. NOTABLE:  The Nuggets had a 45-point turnaround from their last meeting with Indiana -- a 31-point loss on Nov. 9. UP NEXT:  For the Pacers, Wednesday vs. Orlando, Friday vs. New Jersey, Saturday @ Chicago. For the Nuggets, Tuesday @ Washington, Wednesday @ Detroit, Friday at Philadelphia.  