Notebook: Nuggets 128, Bulls 96 
 
 
 Michael Kelly, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Feb 08, 2013 2:10 AM - Updated Fri Feb 08, 2013 2:10 AM 
 
 THE FACTS: Kenneth Faried  had 21 points and 12 rebounds,  Wilson Chandler  scored a season-high 24 points and the Denver Nuggets used a strong second half to rout the Chicago Bulls 128-96 on Thursday night. 
 
 Ty Lawson  had 16 points and 12 assists for Denver, which has won eight straight and 13 of 15 at home. 
 The Bulls, playing without three of their top guards, were outscored 65-38 in the second half.  Daequan Cook  led Chicago with 19 points off the bench and  Carlos Boozer  had 18 points. 
 Chicago has lost two straight on its four-game road trip, which finishes up Friday night in Utah. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I think we've got people's attention. We've been playing at home but we're also playing a lot better. We have moved into the fourth spot in the West so I think people are going to take notice."  
 -- Ty Lawson 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Nuggets were happy to be 17-15 when they started this stretch of home games. They had played 22 road games at that point and knew the next six weeks would be critical. They are now 32-18 after going 15-3 since Jan. 1. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Nuggets turned a close game into a rout with one of their best quarters of the season when they outscored the Bulls 37-16 in the third. Denver hit 13 of 21 shots in the period and led by as many as 30 after a 35-10 run in the period. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "Most of our offense was created by good defensive plays. Wilson got the 3-ball in the game for us, Kenneth had that great energy and we were an unselfish team. Wilson and Kenneth, what a performance by our four position."  
 -- Nuggets coach  George Karl 
 
 
 HOT:  Faried and Chandler gave the Nuggets the maximum production from the power forward position. Faried hit his first eight shots and finished 9-for-10 from the field. Chandler came off the bench to shoot 8-for-9 and hit all five of his 3-point attempts. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "I came out with the mindset to dominate. I wanted to come out, make a statement and Wilson did the same thing. Nationally televised game and we did what we had to do tonight."  
 -- Kenneth Faried  
 
 
 NOT:  Chicago's defense the past couple of games. The Bulls are third in the league in points allowed (91) and second in shooting percentage (42.8) but the Nuggets obliterated those numbers Thursday. They had 100 after three quarters and shot 58 percent. It was the second straight game the Bulls have allowed more than 100 points and an opponent to shoot better than 50 percent. 
 
 QUOTABLE IV:  "They came out the third quarter and just smoked us. They got 37, got a big cushion and that was the game. The ball was going wherever they wanted the ball to go."  
 -- Bulls coach  Tom Thibodeau 
 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:   Meg Mallon , captain of the U.S. Solheim Cup team, and assistant captain  Dottie Pepper , attended the game. They met with Nuggets coach Karl, signed autographs during the game and were introduced to the crowd in the second quarter. The Solheim Cup, an international team match-play golf competition between female U.S.-born players from the LPGA and European players will be played Aug. 13-18 at Colorado Golf Club in Parker, Colo. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Karl hung with his starters for most of the third quarter when the Nuggets made their run. The offense was humming and they forced seven turnovers. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Pretty much anything Chicago tried to do in the second half didn't work. The Bulls let the Nuggets get out in transition, they were badly outrebounded 28-14. Even Denver's reserves outplayed the Bulls bench in the fourth quarter, 28-22. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Chicago center  Joakim Noah  returned to the lineup after missing three games with plantar fasciitis in his right foot. ... . M arco Belinelli  did not play. He rolled his right ankle in Monday's loss to Indiana and hasn't practiced since. ... Denver's previous high-point game was 126 against the L.A. Lakers on Dec. 26. ... The most points Chicago allowed before Thursday was 120 against Houston on Jan. 20. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Friday @ Utah, Monday vs. San Antonio, Tuesday @ Boston. For the Nuggets, Saturday @ Cleveland, Sunday @ Boston, Tuesday @ Toronto. 
