Notebook: Warriors 100, Timberwolves 99 
 
 
 Jim Beilby, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Feb 24, 2013 8:19 PM - Updated Sun Feb 24, 2013 8:19 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:  The Golden State Warriors started slowly, played sloppily, but ultimately did enough to defeat the Minnesota Timberwolves, 100-99, on Sunday afternoon. The Timberwolves got almost of third of their points (32) off of Golden States' 22 turnovers and got off to a fast start, building a 16-point first quarter lead. But  Jarrett Jack  kept the Warriors in the game, scoring 11 of his team's 18 first-quarter points. He was a on perfect 4-for-4 from the field (3-for-3 from long range), including a running 19-footer as the buzzer sounded. With Jack keeping the Warriors within striking range, it was  David Lee  who scored 10 of his 22 points in the third quarter, who helped the Warriors get the upper hand.   
 Minnesota received strong play from  Derrick Williams  who scored 23 and  Nikola Pekovic  who added 21 as Minnesota dominated the paint, outscoring the Warriors 62-36 inside.  And  Ricky Rubio  followed his 13 point, 9 assist, 5 rebound, 5 steal game against Oklahoma City with another well-rounded 16 point, 11 assist, eight rebound, and six steal performance.  On the backs of Williams, Pekovic and Rubio, Minnesota was able to rebuild a nine-point lead with 10:23 to play in the fourth quarter, only to have their offense go dead for a large stretch in the middle of the fourth quarter, a stretch roughly corresponding with  J. J. Barea's  attempt to put the Wolves on his shoulders and carry them to victory. Jack and  Stephen Curry  hit key shots down the stretch for the Warriors and a last second shot by  Luke Ridnour  came up just short, giving Golden State their third straight win and their third victory over the Wolves this season. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "When you think about 32 points off turnovers, 62 points in the paint, and they hurts us on the offensive boards, that's not a recipe that we are satisfied with.  But give my guys credit.  When we needed stops, when we needed to make plays, we did.  We are a team that is not going to quit."  --  Warriors coach  Mark Jackson. 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Golden State 22 times in the game (13 times just in the first half) leading to 32 Minnesota points. Minnesota got to the line 31 times.  But Golden State was 7-for-17 from 3-point land compared to Minnesota's 1-for-11.  And Golden State outrebounded Minnesota 55-48. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Golden State made key shots down the stretch and got some big offensive rebounds.  Despite a 1-for-10 performance in the fourth quarter, Jack's sole made shot was huge. Trailing by two with a minute-and-a-half to play, Jack buried a 24-foot jump shot to give the Warriors the lead for the first time since midway through the third quarter.  And  Draymond Green  grabbed a pivotal offensive rebound off a missed free-throw with 37.7 seconds to play. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "You have to take care of the ball and be sure that you get a shot and we didn't do that (down the stretch).  We had the lead at that point and sometimes we are forcing the issue.  I thought a couple of times we should have gone to the weak side with the ball and changed sides a little bit and we would've had a better opportunity.  These are things we have to learn from." --  Minnesota coach  Rick Adelman . 
 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Jack was called for a flagrant foul 1 against  Greg Stiemsma  with 8:31 in the second. Ironically, this came only a few minutes after taking exception to a foul by Minnesota center  Nikola Pekovic  and protesting loudly to the Wolves bench and Target Center crowd that "This isn't football." 
 
 NOTABLE: Andris Biedrens  started in place of  Andrew Bogut . Bogut is not with the team and is sidelined indefinitely with a disc protrusion that is causing spasms in his mid-back. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Wolves, Tuesday @ Phoenix, Thursday @ Lakers, Saturday @ Portland.  For the Warriors, Tuesday @ Indiana, Wednesday @ New York, Friday @ Boston. 
