  Notebook: Celtics 107, Nets 94 Posted Saturday March 3, 2012 12:37AM By Brian Robb, for NBA.com THE FACTS: Paul Pierce  broke out of his shooting slump with a team-high 27 points as the Boston Celtics blew out the New Jersey Nets 107-94 for their third consecutive win.  Kevin Garnett  added his third double-double (20 points, 10 rebounds) over his past four games for the victors, as they posted a season-high 107 points against New Jersey.  Brook Lopez  had a game-high 28 points for the visitors, but the center and his teammates were unable to contain Boston's offense all night, as five Celtics scored in double figures during the easy win.  Rajon Rondo  also posted with 14 points and 13 assists as the C's inched their way back over the .500 mark to 18-17. The Nets had their three-game road winning streak snapped in the setback. QUOTABLE:  "I think we are moving the ball a lot better and hopefully hitting our stride right here at home. We are playing better basketball. We have a huge West coast trip coming up for us in the next couple weeks, so it's important for us to get as many wins as we can under our belt before we hit the road."   -- Pierce THE STAT:  The Celtics had their highest point total in the first half of a game all season with 58 points. The hosts, normally one of the most turnover-prone teams in the league (averaging 15.6 per game) had just two turnovers over those first 24 minutes, enabling them to maximize their offensive output. TURNING POINT:  After scoring just five points in the first five minutes of the second quarter while clinging to a four-point lead, the C's exploded with a 18-1 run to build a double-digit lead. They would refuse to relinquish the double-digit advantage over the remainder of the contest. QUOTABLE II:  "We're getting stops over the last three games. I think two games in a row now for Rajon Rondo, as far as just offensive execution was off the charts. You know, he's back to calling a game every night. He made some sensational calls, through our sets."   --  Doc Rivers  on Boston's offensive execution HOT:  Garnett -- The rejuvenated power forward has been a force in the interior since shifting to the center spot in the starting lineup in place of the injured  Jermaine O'Neal . Over his past four games, he has averaged 21.5 points and 10.3 rebounds while anchoring the Celtics defense. NOT:   Keyon Dooling  -- The C's top guard off the bench was one of the few players who struggled on the offensive end for Boston Friday. Dooling hit just 2-of-10 shots from the field, and missed all five of his 3-point attempts. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Brook Lopez -- The Stanford product has shaken off the rust quickly on the offensive end since returning from a broken foot. Lopez has posted 22.5 points per game in his four games back. NOTABLE:   Ray Allen  did not play due to a flu-like symptoms.  Mickael Pietrus  started in his place.  Jordan Farmar  (groin) returned to action after a four-game absence. The point guard scored seven points off the bench. Boston had a season-high 35 assists. The Celtics improved to 16-2 against New Jersey over the past five seasons. Pierce left the game with arm cramps at the end of the first half, but returned in the third quarter.  Deron Williams  scored just two points after the first quarter. New Jersey shot 33 percent from the field in the first half. UP NEXT:  For the Nets, Sunday @ Charlotte, Tuesday @ Miami, Wednesday vs. LA Clippers. For the Celtics, Sunday vs. New York, Tuesday vs. Houston, Wednesday @ Philadelphia.  