Notebook: Timberwolves 124, Cavaliers 95 
 
 
 Jim Beilby, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Nov 13, 2013 11:55 PM - Updated Thu Nov 14, 2013 12:19 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Minnesota Timberwolves starting lineup outscored the entire Cleveland Cavalier team.  Minnesota also tallied season highs in points scored in a game (124) and points scored in a half (70).   
 
 THE LEAD:  Despite the fact that they were missing the sixth leading scorer in the league, the Minnesota Timberwolves started quick and never looked back, crushing the Cleveland Cavaliers 124-95 on Wednesday night.   Kevin Martin  was a late scratch due to flu-like symptoms.  In his absence,  Corey Brewer  started Minnesota's onslaught, scoring the first nine points for the Wolves on his way to a season high 27 points on perfect 5-for-5 three-point shooting.  Kevin Love was his typical monster self, accumulating 33 points, eight rebounds, and six assists in only 32 minutes of play.  And  Ricky Rubio  dished out a career high 16 assists, one for each of his 16 points. 
 
 Kyrie Irving  led Cleveland with 20 points, but he was largely held in check by the combination of  Ricky Rubio  and  Corey Brewe r  who started for Minnesota at shooting guard. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "Terrific game for our guys, came out from the start and carried it through, in the first three quarters especially.  We moved the ball around the court, had a lot of energy.  Thirty-four assists and low on turnovers.  That's huge." 
 -- Minnesota coach,  Rick Adelman 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Minnesota dominated the game in nearly every statistical category.  They led in points in the paint (56-32), fast break points (29-6), points of turnovers (20-2), rebounds (51-43), and assists (34-18). 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The opening tip.  Minnesota dominated this game from the start, building a 15 point lead in the first quarter, building it to 26 in the second, 36 in the third, and 39 in the fourth before garbage time allowed the Cavaliers to make it slightly more respectable. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "They beat us in transition; they beat us in the half court.  They cut harder, they played harder, they were more physical.  Give them credit for winning the game." 
 -- Cleveland coach  Mike Brown 
 
 
 HOT:  Minnesota came out of the gate fast, scoring 38 points in the first quarter and building a 16-0 advantage in fast break points.  They have started fast all season and they lead the NBA in first quarter scoring at 33.0 points compared to 24.0 for their opponents.  The are averaging 51.4 percent in the opening frame and they did a little better than that tonight, scooting 59.1 percent. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Minnesota coach,  Rick Adelman , in an effort to get a bigger guard in the starting lineup, moved  Corey Brewe r to the shooting guard and started  Robbie Hummel  at the three.  Hummel played very well and Brewer had a significant impact on offense and defense. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Making his first career start,  Robbie Hummel  scored 10 points on 4-for-6 shooting (2-for-4 from 3-point range). 
 
 NOTABLE:  Minnesota guard,  Kevin Martin  was a late scratch due to flu-like symptoms. ... Minnesota lost to Cleveland 93-92 on November 4th. ... Cleveland is now 0-6 on the road whereas Minnesota is now 5-1 at home. ... Cleveland was missing the services of  Andrew Bynum,  who is attending to a personal matter.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For Minnesota, Friday at Denver, Saturday vs. Boston, Tuesday at Washington.  For Cleveland, Friday vs. Charlotte, Saturday at Washington, Wednesday vs. Washington. 
