Notebook: Celtics 100, Bobcats 89 
 
 
 Brian Robb, For NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Jan 15, 2013 12:02 AM - Updated Tue Jan 15, 2013 12:02 AM 
 
 THE FACTS: Rajon Rondo  had his 26th career triple-double, paving the way for the Boston Celtics in a 100-89 victory over the Charlotte Bobcats Monday night at the TD Garden. The  win was Boston's sixth consecutive victory overall, a season-high for the team. It was the third triple-double of the season for Rondo, who finished with 17 points, 10 rebounds and 12 assists in the standout performance for the Celtics (20-17).  Paul Pierce  added a game-high 19 points for the hosts, who have also now won four consecutive games at the TD Garden.  Ramon Sessions  tied a team-high with 16 points for the Bobcats (9-28), who have now dropped four straight games and a woeful 21 of their past 23, overall.  
 
 QUOTABLE : "I may have a mark on my back. Younger guys are coming in, giving me their best shot. I just come in and try to do what I do best -- run the show."  
 -- Rajon Rondo 
 
 THE STAT : The Celtics improved to 23-3 overall when Rondo finishes a game with a triple-double.  
 
 TURNING POINT : After Charlotte closed an 11-point deficit to four with 8:52 remaining the fourth quarter, Boston responded with a resounding 9-0 run of their own to retake control of the game.   
 
 QUOTABLE II : "I just thought our team early on played with great energy and heart. That's how we want to play; we want to get stops, we want to run." 
 -- Celtics coach  Doc Rivers 
 
 
 HOT:  Jared Sullinger  -- Boston's biggest weapon on the bench continued his hot shooting against the Bobcats, hitting all four of his shot attempts over 22 minutes of action. The rookie forward has made a scorching 68.6 percent of his shots over his past five games.  
 
 NOT: Kevin Garnett  -- The 17-year-veteran had one of the worst shooting nights of his hall-of-fame career, missing 9 of his 11 shots from the field. He finished with a lackluster seven points in 32 minutes, but did manage to grab 10 rebounds in the win.  
 
 QUOTABLE III : "I just liked our fight, our grit, not letting go of the game. We just couldn't get over the hump, offensively." 
 -- Bobcats coach  Mike Dunlap 
 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT: Hakim Warrick  -- With  Byron Mullens  sidelined with an ankle injury, Charlotte's midseason acquisition continues to make the most of his opportunity in the starting lineup. The former Hornet tied a team-high with 16 points and filled up the rest of the box score with four rebounds, three assists and a pair of steals in 34 minutes.  
 
 ROOKIE WATCH: Michael Kidd-Gilchrist  -- The second overall pick in the 2012 NBA Draft fared well in his first head-to-head matchup with Pierce. The 19 year-old posted 10 points and eight rebounds, while helping to limit Boston's captain to 6-of-16 shooting on the night.  
 
 NOTABLE: Gerald Henderson  made his second straight start at shooting guard. He was also assessed a flagrant foul in the second quarter for a hard foul against Garnett. ...  Jeff Adrien,  who played high school basketball in nearby Brookline, grabbed six rebounds in 10 minutes of action for the Bobcats. ... The Celtics' six-game winning streak is the team's longest since December 2010. ... The Bobcats started the game 1-for-12 from the field, and shot just 28 percent overall (7-for-25) in the first quarter. ... Chris Wilcox  was on the active roster but did not play as he continues to recover from a sprained left thumb.  
 
 UP NEXT : For Charlotte, Tuesday vs. Indiana, Friday @ Orlando, Saturday vs. Sacramento. For Boston, Wednesday vs. New Orleans, Friday vs. Chicago, Sunday @ Detroit.   
