  Raptors-Pistons notebook   By Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com Posted Saturday December 11, 2010 11:26PM THE FACTS:  The Toronto Raptors outscored the Detroit Pistons 37-17 in the fourth quarter to cap a stunning 120-116 come-from-behind victory Saturday night at the Palace. The Raptors' rally from a 25-point, second-half deficit was their greatest comeback in franchise history. Toronto point guard  Jerryd Bayless  matched his career high with 31 points, including 18 in the second half, as his club ended a four-game losing streak. QUOTABLE:  "Everybody spoke up and said that we were frustrated and we came to our senses out there. We said that we didn't want to be embarrassed and then we responded and got on a roll and won the game."   -- Toronto guard  DeMar DeRozan  on the Raptors' record comeback. THE STAT:  53. The teams combined for 53 points off turnovers. The Pistons converted 14 Raptors giveaways into 29 points in the first half while they made just one turnover. The second half was almost a complete reversal. Toronto converted 12 Detroit turnovers into 20 points while making just four turnovers of its own. TURNING POINT:  Toronto went on an 11-3 run late in the third quarter, including two  Linas Kleiza  layups, to gain the momentum. The Pistons, who lost their fourth straight, led 96-72 with 2:31 remaining in the third quarter. They were outscored 48-20 from that point, including  Ben Wallace 's meaningless 3-pointer in the closing seconds. The Raptors made 18-for-25 during the comeback (72 percent) and shot 44-for-70 (62.9 percent) for the game. QUOTABLE II:  "It's tough to explain. I just don't know how you walk off that court and lose that game. When you see something like that, it's a sign of not just what's going on today but what's been going on throughout the season."    -- Detroit forward  Tayshaun Prince  on his club's second-half collapse. HOT:  Wallace saw his career-high in points for a regular-season game wasted. Averaging 3.0 ppg, Wallace scored 23 points on 10-for-13. His previous best was 22 against New Orleans Dec. 4, 2004. He had a 29-point game against Philadelphia during the 2005 Eastern Conference playoffs. NOT:  Prince had 12 first-half points but was held scoreless in 20 second-half minutes. He also made a crucial turnover in the final minute, attempted an ill-advised lob pass off an inbounds play to  Rodney Stuckey  that was stolen by  Leandro Barbosa . GOOD MOVE:  Raptors coach  Jay Triano  inserted Barbosa into the game late in the third quarter and Toronto's top reserve fired up the club's offense. Barbosa had 14 points, five assists and no turnovers in 14 second-half minutes. BAD MOVE:  Pistons coach  John Kuester  did not send out  Tracy McGrady  with the second unit to start the fourth quarter. McGrady contributed six points, four rebounds and two assists in the first half but Kuester opted to give  Will Bynum  and  Austin Daye  some playing time. Bynum had two turnovers early in the fourth and Daye went scoreless in four minutes. NOTABLE:  The Pistons scored 72 first-half points, a season high and just two points less than they scored in a loss at Houston Wednesday. ... Detroit's 7-18 record equals its worst 25-game start in franchise history. ... Bayless was starting for just the second time this season because of  Jose Calderon 's foot injury. ... Toronto had given up 119 points during its four-game slide. UP NEXT:  For the Raptors, Tuesday @ Charlotte, Wednesday vs. Chicago, Friday vs. New Jersey. For the Pistons, Tuesday vs. Atlanta, Friday vs. L.A. Clippers, Friday vs. New Orleans.  