  Nuggets-Jazz notebook   By Andrew Aragon, for NBA.com Posted Friday March 4, 2011 2:36AM THE FACTS:   Ty Lawson  scored 23 points and had six rebounds and five assists as the Denver Nuggets defeated the Utah Jazz 103-101 on Thursday night.  Arron Afflalo  had 19 points for the Nuggets, who improved to 5-1 since trading  Carmelo Anthony . C.J. Miles  came off the bench to score 22 points for Utah.  Al Jefferson  had one of his best all-around games for the Jazz, recording 19 points, 10 rebounds and six blocked shots. He also drew three charges. QUOTABLE:  "Big win, exactly what we needed. We overcame missing free throws. We overcame some tough calls. In Utah, they get calls here. Constantly just kept thinking we were going to win and we did."   -- Nuggets coach  George Karl  on his team's victory THE STAT:  33-12. The Nuggets attacked the basket, and the Jazz didn't. The difference showed up in the number of foul shots the two teams attempted as Denver took 33 and Utah shot 12. The difference in the fourth quarter was glaring. The Nuggets attempted 25 free throws and the Jazz took just three in the game's final period. TURNING POINT:  With a little more than five minutes left in the game, the Nuggets made their charge. They went on a 9-0 run to take a 94-90 lead. The Jazz retook the lead after scoring six straight points, but Denver was better down the stretch. Afflalo hit a 3-pointer with 11 seconds remaining to give the Nuggets an insurmountable 102-98 lead. The Jazz almost miraculously sent the game into overtime.  Devin Harris  made a 3-pointer with 1.2 seconds left to make it 103-101.  Kenyon Martin  then attempted to inbound the ball, and lost it.  Andrei Kirilenko  scooped it up, but never got full control of the ball and missed a close-range shot as time expired. QUOTABLE II:  "I had a brain fart. Playing with the ball man, I thought he [Kirilenko] was gonna reach across the line. He's out of bounds with me then almost, I thought he was gonna reach across the line. I fumbled the ball right to him. I reached and hit the ball again so he fumbled it. So if I wouldn't have hit the ball he would have laid it up."   -- Kenyon Martin on losing the ball to Andrei Kirilenko in the last second of the game, and almost having the contest go into overtime. HOT:  The Nuggets made their first five shots of the game. Afflalo shot 8-for-12 overall and 3-for-5 from 3-point range. Miles (8-for-15) and Kirilenko (6-for-11) both shot better than 50 percent for the Jazz. NOT:  Nuggets guard  Raymond Felton  made some key baskets, but shot just 3-for-10. Denver could have won more comfortably if it had shot better than 15-for-25 from the free-throw line in the fourth quarter. GOOD MOVE:  The Jazz have struggled with quick guards and defending against the pick and roll all season. Denver kept attacking with Lawson, Felton and Afflalo, and battered the Jazz with the pick-and-roll. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Lawson's fantasy stock is on the rise since the Nuggets dealt Anthony and  Chauncey Billups . After recording his first career double-double on Wednesday, he more than doubled his scoring average (10.4) and rebounding average (2.3) against the Jazz. He was one point shy of his season-high and two points off his career-high in points scored on Thursday. ROOKIE WATCH:  Jazz rookie  Gordon Hayward  played a solid first half. He had six points on 3-for-4 shooting and a rebound in 11-plus minutes. He played six minutes in the second half and recorded no stats. NOTABLE:  The Jazz have lost seven straight games at home. The Nuggets won for only the second time this season when trailing after the third quarter. They are now 2-12 when trailing after the third. Utah is 2-9 in its last 11 games. UP NEXT:  For the Nuggets, Saturday @ L.A. Clippers, Thursday @ Phoenix, Saturday vs. Pistons. For the Jazz, Saturday vs. Kings, Monday @ New York, Wednesday @ Toronto.  