  Bulls-Bucks notebook   By Rick Braun, for NBA.com Posted Saturday February 26, 2011 11:59PM THE FACTS:   Luol Deng  scored a game-high 19 points, and  Joakim Noah  pulled down 17 rebounds as the Chicago Bulls continued their push for a top seed in the Eastern Conference with an 83-75 victory over the Milwaukee Bucks Saturday night at the Bradley Center. QUOTABLE:  "I thought 'Jo' was really good tonight. His defense was terrific -- individual defense, team defense, rebounding effort."   -- Bulls coach  Tom Thibodeau  on Joakim Noah. THE STAT:  Thanks to an 18-12 edge in offensive rebounds -- Noah had nine -- the Bulls outscored the Bucks, 28-15, in second-chance points. TURNING POINT:  The Bucks had gathered some momentum in the fourth quarter, and a jumper by  Earl Boykins  and a 3-pointer by  John Salmons  pulled them within 78-72 3:56 left. Bulls coach Tom Thibodeau called a timeout and got into his players' faces. When the Bulls came out of the timeout,  Kyle Korver  drilled a 3-pointer off a drive-and-kick from  Derrick Rose , and the Bucks never got closer than eight the rest of the way. QUOTABLE II : "It was great. It was almost like a college atmosphere where you've got one side for one team and one side going for the other team."   -- Bulls forward  Carlos Boozer  on the fact that the Milwaukee crowd of 18,717 appeared to be half Chicago fans. HOT:  Bucks forward  Luc Richard Mbah a Moute  made his first five shots -- four of them jumpers -- and finished 7 for 9 for a season-high 16 points. NOT:   Andrew Bogut  (2 of 10) and  Brandon Jennings , the two younger stars the Bucks hope to build around, went a combined 4 of 16 for just 10 points. GOOD MOVE:  With his offense stagnant, Bucks coach  Scott Skiles  went with 5-5 Earl Boykins to start the fourth quarter in place of Brandon Jennings. Boykins scored 10 points, including two 3-pointers, to help the Bucks get within six points before they fell short. ROOKIE WATCH:  Bucks forward  Larry Sanders  returned from a brief stint in the Developmental League and had six points and three rebounds in 24 minutes. NOTABLE:  Noah grabbed his 10th rebound of the night before the midway point of the second quarter. With 2:34 left in the half, Noah had nine offensive rebounds... The 75 points is a season-low for the Bucks...The Bulls are now 12-0 against their Central Division mates... Bucks forward  Ersan Ilyasova  did not dress after suffering a concussion in practice Friday. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Monday @ Washington, Wednesday @ Atlanta, Friday @ Orlando. For the Bucks, Tuesday vs. Detroit, Friday vs. Phoenix, Sunday vs. Boston.  