Notebook: Magic 109, Pistons 92 
 
 
 Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Dec 27, 2013 11:00 PM - Updated Sat Dec 28, 2013 12:14 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Orlando Magic won for the first time at home in exactly one month, beating the Detroit Pistons 109-92. 
 
 THE LEAD:  Ex-Piston  Arron Afflalo  scored a game-high 23 points and rookie  Victor Oladipo  had 16 points and a career-high 11 assists for the Magic (9-20), who shot 53 percent and led by double digits throughout the final 21 minutes. 
 Breaking a five-game homecourt losing streak, the Magic won for the first time in Orlando since beating the Philadelphia 76ers on Nov. 27. 
 
 Brandon Jennings  had 21 points and eight assists for the Pistons (14-17), who had won three straight road games. 
 
 THE STAT:  The Magic outscored the Pistons in the paint, 58-48. 
 
 QUOTABLE : "Usually that's our strong point. Typically when you talk about points in the paint, it's usually coming from the Pistons. They were getting drives in the paint, getting layups, particularly in the first half." --  Pistons coach  Maurice Cheeks 
 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Down by 15 late in the third quarter, the Pistons were showing signs of making a run. But after losing control of the ball late in the shot clock, Oladipo reached back to pick it up and tossed in a 3-pointer. Detroit never again got the lead under 15. 
 
 HOT:  Afflalo shot 9-for-11, exceeding 50 percent shooting for the fourth straight game, despite turning his ankle in the third quarter. 
 
 NOT: Josh Smith  was 2-for-13 shots for Detroit. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I think (Magic forward  Tobias Harris ) has been very committed to the defensive end of the floor. I think you saw that tonight, his ability to offer resistance to Josh on the post."  --  Magic coach  Jacque Vaughn 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  In an unconventional bit of strategy, Magic point guard  Jameer Nelson  played the entire first and third quarters, and none of the second and fourth quarter. It worked, with Nelson posting up a plus-minus of plus-17. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Detroit's front line of Smith,  Greg Monroe  and  Andre Drummond  seemed to have left their game back at the hotel. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "It's got to be a collective unit to try to get it back together, but we didn't have it tonight. No excuses. I know we had a couple days off for Christmas, but you always have to be ready, can't take any team lightly." --  Jennings 
 
 
 IN THE ARENA: Pat Garrity  was honored as part of the Magic's Silver Season anniversary celebration. The 6-foot-9 forward came to the Magic in 1999 as a "throw-in" with  Danny Manning  in the trade of  Penny Hardaway  to the Phoenix Suns. In nine seasons, Garrity played 531 games for the Magic, fourth-most of any player. 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Jennings played with energy and put up good numbers in a losing cause. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Pistons starter  Kentavious Caldwell-Pope  played 24 scoreless minutes with no rebounds or assists and four fouls. 
 
 NOTABLE : The Pistons, who were leading the league in rebound percentage, were outrebounded, 49-48 . . . The Magic are 9-3 when holding opponents under 97 points. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Pistons: Saturday @ Washington, Monday vs. Washington, Jan. 5 vs. Memphis. For the Magic: Sunday vs. Atlanta, Tuesday vs. Golden State, Thursday @ Cleveland. 
