  Jazz-Knicks notebook   By Adam Zagoria, for NBA.com Posted Monday March 7, 2011 10:40PM THE FACTS: Amar'e Stoudemire, Carmelo Anthony  and  Toney Douglas  combined for 85 points as the Knicks raced out to a 16-point lead after one quarter and cruised to a 131-109 victory over the Utah Jazz at Madison Square Garden.  Al Jefferson  scored a game-high 36 for the Jazz. QUOTABLE:  "When you have 'Melo and Amar'e shooting that way, it's tough...They're very explosive and makes it a luxury for me. When one goes off the floor, I got the other one on."   --  Mike D'Antoni. THE STAT:  Stoudemire and Anthony both scored 30+ points for the first time since the Knicks acquired Anthony and  Chauncey Billups  Feb. 21. Anthony finished with a team-best 34 points on 12 of 16 shooting, hitting 4 of 5 from deep. Stoudemire abused Nuggets rookie forward  Derrick Favors , recently acquired from the Nets, for 31 points on 12 of 15 shooting in just 24 minutes. Anthony assisted Stoudemire on all five hookups between the two superstars. TURNING POINT:  The Knicks (33-29) led 40-24 after a first quarter in which they shot 68 percent from the field and 67 percent (4 of 6) from deep. Anthony had 13 points in the first period and Douglas 12. The Knicks led 66-48 at the break, when Anthony (21 points), Stoudemire (17) and Douglas (17) had 55 combined. QUOTABLE II:  "The goal is always to keep the ball moving and always keep the defense on their toes. If we keep the ball moving the way we did tonight and keep the defense on their toes, then it's going to be hard to guard us." --  Stoudemire. HOT:  Douglas continues to play well subbing for the injured Billups (bruised left quad). He went 6 of 9 from the field and 5 of 7 from beyond the arc, while adding six assists and one turnover. Douglas has reached double-figures in all four games that Billups has missed (bruised left quad). NOT:.  After the MSG crowd chanted for  Andy Rautins  to enter the game in garbage time, the former Syracuse standout threw away his first pass to nobody. He finished with three turnovers and two points on 1 of 2 shooting. NOTABLE:  In addition to Billups, the Knicks also won without  Ronny Turiaf  (sore left knee) and  Billy Walker  (sore left knee). INSIDE THE ARENA:  Boxing legend Smokin'  Joe Frazier , former Knick  Larry Johnson , St. John's coach  Steve Lavin  and actors  Julia Stiles  and  Kevin Bacon  sat courtside. UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Wednesday @ Memphis, Thursday @ Dallas, Sunday vs. Indiana. For the Jazz, Wednesday @ Toronto, Friday @ Minnesota, Saturday @ Chicago.  