  Notebook: Nuggets 123, Nets 115   By Michael Kelly, for NBA.com Posted Thursday January 12, 2012 1:05AM THE FACTS: Danilo Gallinari  scored 22 points,  Arron Afflalo  and  Corey Brewer  had 19 each and the Denver Nuggets beat the New Jersey Nets 123-115 on Wednesday night.  Andre Miller  had 12 points and 12 assists and  Rudy Fernandez  had 15 points and eight assists to help the Nuggets bounce back from a loss to New Orleans. Jordan Farmar  had a season-high 26 points,  Anthony Morrow  added 23 and  Deron Williams  had 16 points and 13 assist for the Nets, who have lost nine of 10. QUOTABLE:  "I was just trying to bring some energy, run up and down the court and push the flow. I was making shots, so it was good for the team."    -- Brewer, on his big offensive night THE STAT:  The Nets came into the game hitting 32 percent of their 3-pointers and averaging eight makes a game and went viral behind the arc. New Jersey hit its first four and was 19-for-35 from behind the arc. Farmar led the way with six and Morrow had five. TURNING POINT:  Brewer's 10 minutes in the first half. He came into the game with Denver leading by six early in the second quarter and he heated up in a hurry. He scored nine points to help increase the lead to 54-40 midway through the period. After the Nets cut it to 11, Brewer hit consecutive 3-pointers and had 17 at halftime to help stake Denver to a 68-52 lead. QUOTABLE II:  "If he keeps playing like he played tonight he might have to (play) on a more consistent basis."    -- Nuggets coach  George Karl  on Brewer HOT:  Gallinari has been steady for the Nuggets this year. His 16.7 points a game leads the team, and he came through with another big night. He also had five assists and two steals and has impressed the coaching staff with his decisions and his playmaking ability. NOT:  The Nets haven't been able to find a rhythm this season. After beating Washington to start the schedule they've lost nine of their last 10. QUOTABLE III:  "Pretty good offense for our team. Anytime we score 115 points, you would think it was going to be a win. We just couldn't get any stops defensively."    -- Nets coach  Avery Johnson FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Morrow has been heating up over the last week. He scored 20 against Atlanta on Monday and is averaging 19.5 points in the last four games. GOOD MOVE:  The Nuggets got out in the open court whenever the opportunity came up. The up-tempo style led to easy baskets and seemed to tire the Nets. BAD MOVE:  Williams let frustration get the best of him. The Nets guard picked up two technical fouls with 3:02 left and was ejected, effectively ending any chance of a comeback. QUOTABLE IV:  "It's between me and the ref. I sprained my ankle so I was a little mad and took it out on him."    -- Williams, on his ejection ROOKIE WATCH:  Denver's  Julyan Stone  was pressed into action when  Ty Lawson  was ruled out with a strained right foot. Stone played only six minutes, but he had three assists in that stint. He threw a long pass to a streaking Fernandez, who hit a layup and was fouled. Later he fumbled the ball as he dribbled through traffic but recovered to feed  Al Harrington  for a layup that gave Denver a 40-34 lead. NOTABLE:  The Nuggets gave up a season high in 3-pointers but they countered that with their best team game of the season. They finished with a season-best 37 assists and all but one player who saw action had at least one. UP NEXT:  For the Nets, Friday @ Phoenix, Saturday @ Utah, Monday @ L.A. Clippers. For the Nuggets, Friday vs. Miami, Sunday vs. Utah, Tuesday @ Milwaukee.  