
 Clippers-Jazz notebook   By Andrew Aragon, for NBA.com Posted Sunday November 7, 2010 1:06AM THE FACTS:  The Utah Jazz overcame a 16-point halftime deficit and outlasted the Los Angeles Clippers in double overtime in a 109-107 victory on Saturday night.  Deron Williams , who scored the game-winning layup with 6.8 seconds left in the second overtime, led the way for the Jazz with a season-high 30 points, eight rebounds and seven assists.  Paul Millsap  and  Al Jefferson  each had double-doubles. Millsap had 25 points and 13 rebounds and Jefferson had 18 points and 10 rebounds. QUOTABLE:  "I'm glad it's over with. It was a tough game. This team took it to us early, made it an uphill battle. That made it a lot tougher on us."   -- Jazz guard Deron Williams THE STAT:  15. It's almost a foregone conclusion that the Jazz will beat the Clippers in Salt Lake City. Saturday's victory was Utah's 15th straight home win over Los Angeles. TURNING POINT:  The game had several momentum changes and wasn't decided until the final seconds. After  Rasual Butler  tied the game at 107-107 with a 3-pointer with 13 seconds left, Williams drove coast-to-coast and made a layup to give the Jazz their winning margin. The Clippers'  Craig Smith  had a chance to send the game into triple overtime, but missed a layup as time expired. QUOTABLE II:  "That's the awareness that he has. He knows what he's doing. To be able to do that, it looks real easy, but it takes a special player to be able to do that."   --Jazz coach  Jerry Sloan  on not calling timeout after the Clippers tied it at 107-107 and giving Williams the freedom to make a play. HOT:  The Clippers made nine of their first 10 shots to jump out to a 20-8 lead, shot 61.9 percent in the first quarter and led by as many as 18 points in the first half. The Jazz, however, got back in the game by shooting 61.1 percent and outscoring the Clippers 31-18 in the third quarter. NOT:  Jazz forward  C.J. Miles  had a miserable shooting night. In the first half, he was 0-for-7 in 12 minutes of play. He threw up an airball with 12 seconds left in regulation with Utah up by two points, giving Los Angeles a chance to send the game to overtime. He finished the night 1-for-13 from the field. The Clippers'  Ryan Gomes  was nearly as off, making just 2 of 13 shots. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Clippers guard  Eric Gordon  scored more than 20 points in his fourth straight game. He tied his season-high of 27 points and may have had more if he didn't have to sit out the last 1:24 with an injured shoulder. Clippers center  Chris Kaman  broke out of a shooting slump, scoring a season-high 23 points on 9-for-16 shooting. He made eight of his first nine shots. GOOD MOVE:  Williams had two of them. Not taking a timeout before making the game-winning layup caught the Clippers off guard. He also took charge of the game after halftime, scoring 11 points in the third quarter. ROOKIE WATCH:  Clippers forward  Blake Griffin  continued the outstanding start to his pro career. He had 16 points and a career-high 17 rebounds. He did most of the damage before halftime as he had 15 points and 12 rebounds in the first half. He fouled out with 2:28 left in regulation. NOTABLE:  The Jazz have won 41 of their last 42 home games against the Clippers. Utah is 12-6 all-time in double-overtime games and 6-2 at home. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Tuesday @ Hornets, Wednesday @ Spurs, Friday vs. Pistons. For the Jazz, Tuesday @ Heat, Wednesday at Magic, Friday @ Hawks. 
