  Sixers-Suns notebook   By Mike Tulumello, for NBA.com Posted Thursday December 30, 2010 12:39AM THE FACTS:  The Philadelphia 76ers rained in shots from all over the floor in running away with a big road win, 123-110, over the Phoenix Suns Wednesday night. Point guard  Jrue Holiday  led the Sixers (13-19) with 25 points on 12-for-18 shooting.  Andres Nocioni  had 22 points and 12 rebounds. Rookie  Evan Turner,  who has had a quiet season so far, exploded for 23 points off the bench. For the Suns (13-17),  Steve Nash  had 23 points and 15 assists.  Vince Carter , in his Suns' debut, shot 8-for-20 (1-for-6 from long range) for 18 points. The Sixers shot 55 percent against the Suns, who made a big trade earlier this month to add size and defense. "We spend so much time working on our defense, and it's not getting any better" said  Alvin Gentry , the disappointed Suns' coach. "I'm not sure why." The Sixers went without Andre Iguodala, their best perimeter defender, out for the second straight game with a strained Achilles tendon. They hope he can return Friday at the Los Angeles Lakers. QUOTABLE:  "That was incredibly gratifying. I felt like a car going downhill without brakes. I was so concerned about playing that way for 48 minutes. I love the spirit of our guys."    -- Sixers coach  Doug Collins  on his team's ability to play the Suns' fast pace and come away with a relatively easy win. THE STAT : This game was the start of a 15-game stretch over four weeks in which the Suns play 10 losing teams and only one elite one: the Lakers, at home, on Wednesday, Jan. 5. If they're not over .500 by this time, they may be done. "This is a really important stretch if we're going to stay in the playoff race," Gentry said. TURNING POINT:  The Suns extended a 97-92 lead early in the fourth quarter to 108-97 with 5:00 left.  Elton Brand  (16 points, seven boards) blocked a shot then hit a 20-footer in this decisive stretch. QUOTABLE II : "We have too many perimeter guys,"    -- Gentry, on a group of off guard-small forwards that includes  Grant Hill, Vince Carter, Jared Dudley, Josh Childress  and  Mickael Pietrus . In addition, Hakim Warrick, who can play either forward spot, is struggling to find a role after the Suns' recent big trade . FANTASY SPOTLIGHT: Goran Dragic , the Suns' backup point guard, shot 0-for-3 and failed to score while picking up four fouls. For the season, Dragic, a hero of the Suns' playoff run last season, is shooting 43 percent from the field, 31percent on 3-pointers and 58 percent from the line. He is 2-for-13 his last three games. Unless he improves, the Suns may be forced to look elsewhere for a backup to Nash. ROOKIE WATCH:  Turner, who came into the game shooting just 38 percent, shot 9-for-12 in scoring 23 points in less than 30 minutes. He also had five rebounds, two steals and just one turnover. "It was great to see Evan smiling," Collins said. NOTABLE:  The Suns now must figure out whether to go with a 10-man rotation (which seems to leave out Josh Childress and his heavy contract) or whittle the playing group to nine (which would leave an additional player out). The 10-man rotation worked well enough last year to propel the Suns within two games of the Finals. But the pieces haven't fit so well this season, without Amare Stoudemire down low. UP NEXT:  The next three games for each team, in this format. For the Sixers, Friday @ Los Angeles Lakers, Monday @ New Orleans, Wednesday vs. Wizards. For the Suns, Friday vs. Pistons, Sunday @ Sacramento, Wednesday vs. Lakers.  