
 Rockets-Lakers notebook   By Bryan Chu, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday October 27, 2010 2:53AM THE FACTS:  The Los Angeles Lakers raised their 16th championship banner on opening night, but started their bid for a three-peat on somewhat rocky ground. Trailing by as many as 15 points, the defending champs needed a late push by their bench and a last-second defensive stop to eke out a 112-110 victory over the Houston Rockets on Tuesday at Staples Center. The Lakers were led by  Pau Gasol's  game-high 29 points and 11 rebounds.  Kobe Bryant  chipped in with 27 points and seven assists.  Kevin Martin  led the Rockets with 26 points and  Aaron Brooks  chipped in with 24 and nine assists. The Lakers (1-0) came out flat in the first half. But, what was a weakness for Los Angeles all last season came through in the final 13 minutes. The bench, particularly  Steve Blake  and  Shannon Brown , dug the Lakers out of a hole as L.A. went on a 21-4 run. Blake had seven points and Brown scored eight during that rally. Houston did make a comeback, however. Luis Scola converted a layup to give Houston a 110-109 lead with 29.5 seconds left. But, Blake answered with a 3-pointer and then contested Brooks' final shot attempt. QUOTABLE:  "No. Twenty four (minutes) is the limit. I have no choice. That's what the decision was for medical people and we have to go with it. It is what it is. I know he's not going to play tomorrow."   -- Rockets coach  Rick Adelman  on whether  Yao  would have played past the 24-minute limit had he not fouled out. THE STAT:  23:21 -- Playing time logged by  Yao  in his first regular-season game back from foot surgery. He picked up his sixth foul with 6:30 left in the game. TURNING POINT:  With his team down 82-71 late in the third quarter,  Steve Blake  drilled back-to-back 3-pointers to trim Houston's lead to 82-77. That last-minute barrage carried over to the start of the fourth quarter as the Lakers went on a 15-4 run to go up 92-86. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Out with a left wrist injury for a portion of last season and then a midseason change of scenery,  Kevin Martin  went under the radar to start the season. He showed just how potent of a player he is Tuesday. Martin, who boasts a 17.4-point career average, dropped 26 points in 29 minutes. He was on pace for a 35-plus night, but he picked up his fourth foul early in the third quarter guarding Bryant. For those who believe Scola's stats would drop with the return of Yao, think again. Fresh off his stellar showing during the World Championships, the forward finished with 18 points and a game-high 16 rebounds. HOT:   Shannon Brown  was a real sparkplug for the Lakers in the fourth quarter. The backup guard scored 14 of his 16 points in the final period and helped Los Angeles take the lead. NOT:  After the high of receiving his first championship ring,  Ron Artest  struggled in his first game of the season. He went 3-for-15 from the field and scored just eight points. NOTABLE:  Coming of offseason knee surgery,  Kobe Bryant  still managed to play 37 minutes even though  Phil Jackson  said he wanted to limit his playing time. Bryant averaged 38.8 minutes last season. UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Friday @ Suns, Sunday vs. Warriors, Tuesday vs. Grizzlies. For the Rockets, Wednesday @ Warriors, Saturday vs. Nuggets, Wednesday vs. Hornets 
