  Jazz-Sixers notebook   By Andy Jasner, for NBA.com Posted Saturday January 22, 2011 11:00PM THE FACTS:   Andre Iguodala  scored 22 points on 8-for-10 shooting and  Lou Williams  had another stellar game off the bench with 20 points as the Sixers ousted the Utah Jazz 96-85 on Saturday.  Elton Brand  scored 19 points and swept eight rebounds for the Sixers, who improved to 18-25.  Deron Williams  scored 20 points and had 14 assists for the Jazz.  Al Jefferson  (19 points and 13 rebounds) and  Paul Millsap  (18 points and 12 rebounds) posted double-doubles, but the Jazz dropped their fourth consecutive game -- all on this five-game road trip.  QUOTABLE:  "Getting these wins at home is huge for our confidence. We struggled at home last season. This season, we're playing so much better and I think it's going to help us as the season continues. "   -- Elton Brand, on the Sixers' 13th home victory compared to just 12 all of last season THE STAT:  Utah shot just 4-for-16 from beyond the arc. TURNING POINT:  The Sixers held a seven-point lead after the third quarter, but never allowed the Jazz back into the game. That has been a problem area for the Sixers all season. Not on this night. Iguodala hit a 3-pointer and was fouled with 6:28 remaining. Iguodala missed the free throw and Brand tipped it in three seconds later for a five-point play, giving the Sixers an 83-71 advantage. HOT:  Iguodala missed just two shots from the field. More importantly, his shot selection was excellent. NOT:   Raja Bell  was 1-for-5 and had only three points in 35 minutes for the Jazz. QUOTABLE II:  "Our energy level has been down this whole trip."   -- Utah coach  Jerry Sloan , on the Jazz falling to 0-4 on a five-game road trip FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Williams was 8-for-10 from the free-throw line for Philadelphia. He added four rebounds and two assists. INSIDE THE ARENA:  For a bitter cold Saturday night, there was a larger-than-usual crowd of 14,036 at the Wells Fargo Center. From the opening tip, the fans were into the action. QUOTABLE III:  "We never let them back in the game. I think that's something we've been working on. We've lost games in tough ways this season. We got a lead and increased it against a very good team. That was something we focused on."   -- Lou Williams GOOD MOVE:  Sixers coach  Doug Collins  continues to show a lot of trust in Williams off the bench. Williams is on the court during crunch time, which is very smart these days. He's delivering on a nightly basis. BAD MOVE:  Utah rookie  Gordon Hayward  covered Iguodala almost exclusively. Hayward struggled to stay with Iguodala and didn't receive much help in the way of double teams. ROOKIE WATCH:   Evan Turner , the Sixers' No. 2 overall pick from Ohio State, scored four points, three rebounds and three assists in 19 minutes. Meanwhile, Hayward started for the seventh time this season. Hayward wound up with four points, three assists and two rebounds in 27 minutes. NOTABLE:  Jefferson not only recorded a double-double, but he also blocked three shots. He was very active around the basket on offense and defense the entire game. NEXT:  For the Jazz, Tuesday @ L.A. Lakers, Wednesday vs. San Antonio, Friday vs. Minnesota. For the Sixers, Monday vs. Phoenix, Wednesday @ Toronto, Friday vs. Memphis.  