  Notebook: Timberwolves 95, Clippers 94 Posted Tuesday March 6, 2012 12:50AM By Jim Beilby, for NBA.com     THE FACTS:  In the battle of premier power forwards,  Kevin Love  got the better of  Blake Griffin . But more importantly, the Minnesota Timberwolves got the better of the Los Angles Clippers, defeating them 95-94 on Monday night. A game after dropping 42 on the Blazers,  Kevin Love  scored 39 and grabbed 17 rebounds, including a pair of key baskets down the stretch.  Blake Griffin  scored 26 and grabbed 12 rebounds, but he and  Kenyon Martin  were assessed technical fouls with in the final minutes of the game and the two points that resulted from those mistakes ended up making a big difference. QUOTABLE:  "Offensive rebounds hurt us in the fourth quarter, we missed a lot of free throws and that was the difference. Our guys battled, we had an opportunity and we put pressure on them, but we couldn't convert when we needed to."   -- Clippers coach  Vinny Del Negro THE STAT:  Kevin Love is the only player to record 35-plus points, 10-plus rebounds and hit five or more 3-pointers in two consecutive games.   THE STAT II:  Despite fewer turnovers, a higher shooting percentage, and a significant rebounding advantage (63-53), the Clippers missed eleven free throws (21-for-32, 65.6 percent). Minnesota also had a 22-9 advantage on the fast break. TURNING POINT:  After making a pair of free throws to close Minnesota's lead to three with 29.1 seconds left,  Chris Paul  forced  Jose Barea  into a bad shot and the Clippers had 4.8 seconds to get a three to tie the game. Paul received the inbounds pass and was fouled in the act of shooting a three by  Derrick Williams . But after making the first two, he missed the third, and  Ricky Rubio 's rebound sealed the game for the Wolves. QUOTABLE II:  "It was a physical game, kinda what we expected. We beat them twice on their home court and they wanted to come out and get a win against us. So we knew what type of game it was going to be and as the game went on it got more and more physical."   -- Love HOT:  Love started the first quarter on fire, scoring 16 points including three 3-point shots in a row in the middle of a 17-2 run. And  Darko Milicic , starting in place of the injured  Nikola Pekovic , played strong defense on Griffin and scored 13 points on 6-for-7 shooting. NOT: Caron Bulter  was 0-for-6. In the last two games against Minnesota, he is 1-for-16. NOTABLE:  Wolves have won seven of their last 10 games and this is the latest in the season they have been over .500 since they were 20-19 in 2006-2007. ... With Monday's 39-point performance, Love notched his 13th 30-point game of the season, only one away from the franchise record held by  Tony Campbell . ... With the victory, Minnesota improved its season record against the Clippers to 3-0. The games have all been hotly contested and very physical with Minnesota having a cumulative margin of victory of only 16 points. UP NEXT:  For the Wolves, Wednesday vs. Portland, Friday vs. L.A. Lakers, Saturday vs. New Orleans. For the Clippers, Wednesday @ New Jersey, Friday @ San Antonio, Sunday vs. Golden State.  