  Cavaliers-Nuggets notebook   By Michael Kelly, for NBA.com Posted Sunday January 16, 2011 12:19AM THE FACTS:   Nene  scored 22 points and  Chauncey Billups  and  Arron Afflalo  had 21 each to lead the Denver Nuggets to a 127-99 win over the Cleveland Cavaliers on Saturday night. Seven Cavaliers scored in double figures. QUOTABLE:  "We took care of business tonight. That team is a little down, a little banged up, a little depleted. Coming in on back-to-back, we wanted to hop on them and take advantage of the situation."    -- Billups, on blowing out the Cavaliers. THE STAT:  The Nuggets have won their last three games against Phoenix, Miami and Cleveland by an average of 30 points. Their 80 first-half points were a season high. TURNING POINT:  With 9:16 left in the first half the Nuggets led 37-31. Six minutes later they were up by 30 and led 80-49 at halftime. HOT:  Nene has been one of Denver's strongest players since the start of 2011. In eight games he is averaging 14.1 points a game and is shooting 68 percent from the field. NOT:  The Cavaliers have struggled mightily of late. They've dropped 13 straight and 23 of their last 24. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Cleveland guard  Ramon Sessions  has put up solid numbers for a bad team. He scored 21 Saturday and is averaging 15.3 points in his last three games. GOOD MOVE:  Nuggets coach  George Karl  decided to rest  Kenyon Martin  for this game and save him for Sunday's matchup at San Antonio. Denver didn't need its best low-post defender against the Cavaliers. BAD MOVE:  There's not much Cleveland coach  Byron Scott  could do with a short bench and playing a hot team on the second of back-to-back games. To add to the woes, guard  Mo Williams  suffered a hip injury 5:04 into the game and didn't return. QUOTABLE II:  "I can't say it's about as bad as it can get because then somebody else can get hurt. I've never had to dress eight players and then, boom, one gets hurt and you're down to seven. I've never been through a stretch like this."    -- Scott, on the Cavaliers' health. NOTABLE:  The Cavaliers tied Washington with 19 straight road losses this season. The clubs have a long way to go to match the league record for road futility. The Sacramento Kings dropped 43 straight away from home over the course of two seasons -- from Nov. 21, 1990 to Nov. 22, 1991. UP NEXT:  For the Cavaliers, Wednesday vs. Phoenix, Friday vs. Milwaukee, Monday, Jan. 24, @ New Jersey. For the Nuggets, Sunday @ San Antonio, Wednesday vs. Oklahoma City, Friday vs. Los Angeles Lakers.  