  Wizards-Grizzlies notebook   By Marlon W. Morgan, for NBA.com Posted Sunday January 30, 2011 12:03AM THE FACTS:  The Memphis Grizzlies' 107-93 win over the Washington Wizards Saturday night was their fifth in their last six games, which has catapulted the team to .500 for the first time since they were 4-4 on Nov. 8. The Grizzlies had six players score in double figures, led by  Zach Randolph 's 24. QUOTABLE:  "It feels good to get a chance to get on the other side of .500. It actually feels good to get those wins that we should get."    -- Grizzlies forward  Rudy Gay THE STAT:  Once again, the Grizzlies were led by forward Zach Randolph, who extended his franchise record double-double streak to 14 games with 24 points and 20 rebounds. It was his ninth career 20-20 game, seventh with the Grizzlies. TURNING POINT:  The Grizzlies held a 69-63 lead with just over five minutes remaining in the third quarter. But an 11-0 spurt allowed the team to close out the quarter on a 17-4 run and take an 86-67 lead. Unlike past games against inferior teams this season, the Grizzlies managed to maintain that lead in the fourth quarter. HOT:  Grizzlies forward  Darrell Arthur  gave the team a boost when he entered the game in the second quarter. The third-year player had his full repertoire of shots going as he made nine of his 11 shots to score a career-high 22 points to go along with five rebounds, two assists and a blocked shot. His previous high came in the season opener when he scored 19 against Atlanta. NOT:  It was an off-night for Grizzlies forward Rudy Gay. The team's leading scorer had just four points as he missed nine of his 11 shots. He also had three turnovers and played just 25 minutes due to foul trouble. QUOTABLE II:  "I feel like I was in a zone tonight. Once you get some easy baskets and get a couple of dunks, you get really into the game. I made a couple of shots and I felt like I couldn't miss. It's going to be games like that when the ball is just going to go in."    -- Grizzlies' forward  Darrell Arthur ROOKIE SPOTLIGHT:  It was an off scoring night for Washington rookie point guard John Wall, who had just 14 points on 4-for-10 shooting and had five turnovers. But Wall did manage to pass out eight assists and grab five rebounds. NOTABLE:  The win was the 95th for Memphis coach  Lionel Hollins , who tied former Grizzlies coach  Mike Fratello  for most wins in franchise history. Hollins, who was an assistant under Fratello when he was in Memphis, will try to pass his former boss Monday night when the team hosts Orlando. ... The loss leaves the Wizards winless on the road this season, dropping them to 0-23. Only the 1992-93 Dallas Mavericks (0-29) and the 1974-75 New Orleans Jazz (0-28) have started seasons with more consecutive road losses. ... The Grizzlies have 10 wins in January, their first 10-win month since going 10-5 last January. ...  Nick Young  was the only Wizards starter not to score in double figures, scoring just eight before leaving the game after being kneed in the thigh by Grizzlies rookie  Greivis Vasquez . ... Grizzlies point guard  Mike Conley  had his fourth double-double of the season and first since Dec. 8 at Phoenix as he scored 15 points and dished out 12 assists. UP NEXT:  For the Wizards, Monday @ Dallas, Tuesday @ New Orleans, Friday vs. Orlando. For the Grizzlies, Monday vs. Orlando, Wednesday @ Minnesota, Friday vs. Cleveland.  