Notebook: Warriors 106, Timberwolves 98 
 
 
 Tom Coyer, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Nov 16, 2012 11:18 PM - Updated Fri Nov 16, 2012 11:18 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:  The Golden State Warriors used a balanced attack to pull away from the Minnesota Timberwolves and finish with a 106-98 road victory.  Six different Warriors scored in double-digits.  David Lee  recording a double-double with 18 points and 12 boards to pair with rookie  Harrison Barnes  who also had 18.   Stephen Curry  was right behind those two with 17 points and six assists.  The Warriors took the lead seconds before halftime and didn't look back leading by as much as 15 in the final two quarters.  The win was the second in a row for Golden State who was playing their first of a three-game road trip.  Minnesota was led by  Derrick Williams,  who recorded a season high 23 points and rookie  Alexey Shved  also scored a season and career high with 22. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We don't have a 30 point scorer on this team so I think the balanced attack is the way we need to go.  Everybody shared the ball tonight and everybody made big plays and that's the way it has to be, that's the way we are most effective." - Lee  
 
 THE STAT:  The Warriors dominated the rebounding tonight as they held a 49-34 advantage over Minnesota, including 17 offensive boards.  On one particular possession in the third quarter Golden State grabbed three offensive rebounds before finally finishing the possession with a Barnes lay-up.  This stat was a significant reason they were able to control the tempo and keep Minnesota at arm's length in the final two quarters. 
 
 TURNING POINT:   Minnesota led for nearly all of the first half, but Golden State went on a small 7-0 run to end the half and take a three point lead into the break.  This was the beginning of the turning point but then their run continued into the third quarter and was ultimately a 15-2 run spanning the 2nd and 3rd quarters to go up nine and they didn't trail the rest of the way.   
 
 HOT:  Slow starts by rookies are nothing new, but Barnes is quickly acclimating to the NBA and has led the Warriors in scoring in back-to-back games. 18 points and nine rebounds tonight after recording 19 points and 13 rebounds on Wednesday against Atlanta.   
 
 NOTABLE:  Minnesota did make a late run to make the game interesting in the final few minutes.  Part of what made this Golden State win impressive is that they finished the game without their point guard.  Curry fouled out with 2:49 remaining and his team leading by just three after the made free-throws.  At that point Minnesota had momentum and then an energized home crowd behind their 11-2 run.  But Golden State managed to hold the lead and extend it without their primary ball-handler and scorer.   Charles Jenkins  replaced Curry at point and contributed four points and two rebounds in the final minutes.   
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Timberwolves: Wednesday vs. Denver, Friday @ Portland and Saturday @ Golden State.  For the Warriors: Sunday @ Oklahoma City, Monday @ Dallas and Wednesday vs. Brooklyn. 
