  Notebook: Heat 96, Raptors 72 Posted Wednesday April 18, 2012 10:47PM By Shandel Richardson, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  It was like  LeBron James  was in Cleveland all over again. With no  Dwyane Wade  or  Chris Bosh , James was once again the lone superstar. As he did so many years in Cleveland, James led his team to a 96-72 victory against the Toronto Raptors Wednesday at AmericanAirlines Arena. The Heat clinched at the least the No. 2 seed in the Eastern Conference playoffs. James finished with a game-high 28 points in 30 minutes, more than making up for the absence of Wade and Bosh. Neither of the players have injuries, but simply part of coach  Erik Spoelstra 's plan to rest some players during his "maintenance program." The night off was especially beneficial with the Heat gearing up for their final game against the Eastern Conference-leading Chicago Bulls Thursday. A victory is vital for Miami if it has any chance of catching the Bulls for the top seed in the playoffs. Forward  James Johnson  led the Raptors with 18 points. QUOTABLE:  "It's going to be a real good game. Both teams are still trying to continue to get better. Both teams have some of the same aspirations and that's trying to hold up that trophy at the end of June. We'll see what happens (Thursday), but it doesn't stop the process from us trying to get better each and every game."   -- James said on looking forward to the Chicago game. THE STAT:  The Heat were a sizzling 10 of 16 from the field in the decisive third quarter. TURNING POINT:  The Heat trailed most of the first half before grabbing the lead on James' layup just before the halftime buzzer. Miami then took control when James scored 12 points in the third quarter, pushing the lead to double-digits. QUOTABLE II:  "I am enjoying watching and learning from (the Heat). I hope our guys are watching and learning as well, and that they learn from tonight how physical and fast the game is for 48 minutes."   -- Raptors coach  Dwane Casey  said. HOT:  James scored from all over the court, hitting 12 of 15 from the field. It was the second straight game he led a Heat team that wasn't at full strength. James also had five rebounds and four assists and received some sort of rest when he was pulled midway through the final quarter. NOT:  The Raptors struggled at the 3-point line, finishing 1 of 16 from the arc. Forward  Alan Anderson  shot 0 for 8 and reserve  Gary Forbes  missed all four of his attempts. GOOD MOVE:  Credit Spoelstra for finding ways to get players rested. Wade has been banged up most of the year, and should be healthy for the postseason. This is especially important during a lockout-shortened season that crammed 66 games in just a little more than four months. BAD MOVE:  After gaining confidence with a solid first half, the Raptors let it all go to waste in the third quarter. They shot just 33 percent in the quarter, were outscored 23-11 and allowed James to dominate. NOTABLE:  The Heat improved to 13-1 in games without Wade. Center  Ronny Turiaf  did not play because of a hamstring injury, but it does not appear serious. Swingman  James Jones  made his eighth start of the season, replacing Wade. The Raptors remained without  Jose Calderon , who did not play because of an eye injury. UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Thursday vs. Chicago, Saturday vs. Washington, Sunday vs. Houston. For the Raptors, Sunday @ Detroit, Monday @ Milwaukee, Thursday vs. New Jersey.  