Notebook: Wizards 106, Celtics 99 
 
 
 Brian Robb, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Dec 21, 2013 4:32 PM - Updated Sat Dec 21, 2013 4:32 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Celtics scored at least 30 points in the first quarter for the fourth time in December on Saturday. During the month, they are averaging 30.4 points in the first quarter, and this season Boston is outscoring opponents by an average 5.4 points during the opening frame.  
 
 THE LEAD:   Trevor Ariza  scored 19 of his season-high 27 points in the second half as the Washington Wizards fought back from an 18-point first half deficit to escape with a 106-99 win over the Boston Celtics.  John Wall  added 20 points and nine assists for the visitors, who earned their third straight win on the road in an impressive come-from-behind fashion.  Avery Bradley  had 21 of his team-high 26 points for Boston in the second half, but it wasn't enough for the hosts, as the Wizards outscored Boston 32-23 in the final frame to earn the win.     
 
 QUOTABLE:  "It's only going to get tougher. We got to buckle down and wipe this one and get ready for tomorrow." 
 --  Jared Sullinger  on facing the Pacers tomorrow  
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Celtics did not score a field goal for a 5:16 stretch in the closing moments of the fourth quarter, helping the Wizards complete an 18-point comeback. 
 
 TURNING POINT:   After the Celtics took a 92-84 lead with six minutes remaining, the Wizards turned the tide with an 18-1 run over the next five minutes to gain control of the contest and pull away for the win.   
 
 HOT:  Sullinger -- The second-year big man dominated the Wizards' front line early from both inside and out. Sullinger tallied 10 points and four rebounds over his first 11 minutes against  Marcin Gortat  and  Trevor Booker . He finished the game with 22 points and 11 rebounds.   
 
 NOT:   Bradley Beal  -- After two strong games since returning from a stress fracture in his left leg, Beal struggled with his shot in the matinee, missing eight of his 11 attempts from the field, including three of four from beyond the arc.  
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:   Brandon Bass  -- Bass has always been known for his scoring, but he's helped the Celtics in other areas of the floor all year long. The trend continued on Saturday as Bass tied a career-high with four assists, along with 11 rebounds and 11 points in his third double-double of the season.  
 
 ROOKIE WATCH: Kelly Olynyk  -- The rookie seven-footer out of Gonzaga continues to struggle since returning to the floor after an ankle injury.  Olynyk was scoreless against Washington and is averaging a mere 3.8 points per game over the past four contests on 40 percent shooting.  
 
 NOTABLE:  The Celtics players received early Christmas gifts in the locker room before today's game, as an XBox One with a bow on them was placed in each player's locker. ... Both teams have an extended Christmas break coming up in the next week. The Wizards have five days off after today's contest, while the Celtics face off with the Pacers in Indiana tomorrow, before enjoying a five-day respite. Before the game,  Gerald Wallace  reflected fondly upon the opportunity to be home for Christmas, noting it was the first time since high school he would be able to spend the holiday at home in Alabama. ...  Jordan Crawford  faced off against the Wizards for the first time since the team traded him last February for  Jason Collins  and  Leandro Barbosa . Crawford finished with 11 points and eight assists in 33 minutes. ...The Wizards took their first lead of the game in the closing minutes of the fourth quarter.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Celtics, Sunday @ Indiana, Saturday vs. Cleveland, Tuesday vs. Atlanta. For the Wizards, Friday @ Minnesota, Saturday vs. Detroit, Monday @ Detroit.  
