
 Bucks-Pacers notebook   By Conrad Brunner, for NBA.com Posted Friday April 1, 2011 11:02PM THE FACTS:  The Indiana Pacers took a big step toward securing the franchise's first playoff berth in five years with an 89-88 victory over the Milwaukee Bucks Friday in Conseco Fieldhouse. Indiana led by 14 late in the third quarter but the Bucks rallied, hitting 13-of-20 shots in the fourth quarter and twice cutting the lead to a single point but could not wrestle away the lead. Milwaukee had the final shot but could do no better than a harried 3-pointer from  Drew Gooden  that wasn't close at the buzzer. The victory reduced Indiana's magic number for clinching the eighth spot in the Eastern Conference to four and effectively eliminated the Bucks (30-45), who fell four games behind the Pacers (35-42), who own the tie-breaker.  Danny Granger  led Indiana with 17, while  Brandon Jennings  scored 20 for Milwaukee. QUOTABLE:  "You learn a lot about yourselves, your guys, your teams when you have high-stakes games like tonight was. We played some of the best defense tonight that we played all year. That shows what these guys are made of. Blood and guts, hustle, we were all over the place defensively."    -- Pacers interim coach  Frank Vogel THE STAT:  Milwaukee shot 23-of-39 (.590) in the first and fourth quarters but just 11-of-41 (.268) in the second and third. TURNING POINT:  Indiana led 89-86 after  Roy Hibbert 's dunk with 1:06 remaining, but  John Salmons  cut it to one with a jumper with 26.7 seconds left. The Pacers ran an iso for  Darren Collison , who drained most of the clock but missed a floater in the lane, giving the Bucks one last chance with 2.3 seconds left. The Pacers did a good job denying Salmons, the intended target of the inbounds play, and the ball wound in Gooden's hands 25 feet from the hoop and his hurried shot bounded off the backboard and the iron at the buzzer. QUOTABLE II:  "This game was a microcosm of our season, spending all year trying to catch the Indiana Pacers in the standings and trying to catch them in tonight's game and we fell one point short."    -- Drew Gooden HOT:  Collison continued his hot shooting and is now 22-of-29 (.759) from the field in the last three games. ...  Brandon Rush  scored 12 off the bench and has averaged 11.8 off the bench in the last four. ... Milwaukee extended its franchise record of games scoring less than 90 points to 35. The Bucks are 2-33 in those games. ... Hibbert had 15 points and 11 points for his 19th double-double of the season, adding four blocked shots. NOT:   Carlos Delfino  missed his only four shots for the Bucks, all from beyond the arc. ... The Pacers were just 3-of-11 from the 3-point line. NOTABLE:  Milwaukee's  Andrew Bogut  spent much of the day in a local hospital getting intravenous fluids after coming down with a stomach ailment overnight, but started and played 33 minutes, scoring 16 points with six rebounds before fouling out ... Indiana has won three in a row, while Milwaukee has dropped three of four. ... After falling behind 26-15 early in the second quarter, Indiana outscored Milwaukee 37-13 over the next 12 minutes to take a lead it would not relinquish. ... The Pacers committed nine turnovers in the first quarter but just four more the rest of the night. ... Indiana's 89 points were its fewest in a victory this season. UP NEXT:  For the Pacers, Sunday @ New Orleans, Wednesday vs. Washington, Friday vs. Atlanta. For the Bucks, Saturday vs. Philadelphia, Tuesday @ Orlando, Wednesday @ Miami. 
