Notebook: Pacers 103, Bobcats 76 
 
 
 Derek S. Smith, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Jan 15, 2013 11:06 PM - Updated Tue Jan 15, 2013 11:06 PM 
 
 THE FACTS: Roy Hibbert  scored 18 points and  David West  added 15 as the Indiana Pacers blew out the Charlotte Bobcats 103-76 Tuesday night at Time Warner Cable Arena.  Gerald Henderson  scored 15 for the Bobcats who have now lost 13 straight games at home.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We were aggressive out there. We came out with energy and played really well. I tried to take shots within the rhythm of the game and tried to be a defensive presence out there and block some shots. It was great that (the starters) got to rest tonight and see all the guys out there playing hard." 
 
 -- Indiana center Roy Hibbert 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Pacers were dominant both in the paint and on the glass. Indiana scored 52 points in the paint on 26-for-45 shooting while the Bobcats only had 22 points there. The Pacers also held a huge 60-31 advantage in rebounding over Charlotte, including 18 offensive rebounds which accounted for 26 second-chance points. The 29-rebound margin was the largest deficit in Bobcats history eclipsing a deficit of 27 against Utah in 2007. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Pacers opened the third quarter on a 10-2 run, which sealed the Bobcats' fate and forced Charlotte coach  Mike Dunlap  to take an early timeout.  Paul George  opened the second half with back-to-back 26-foot jumpers and closed the run with a putback at the rim. The Pacers led by 18 after the run and never led by fewer than 16 the rest of the way. The Pacers outscored Charlotte 33-17 in the third. 
 
 HOT:  Hibbert had his way with the Bobcats on Tuesday. The Pacers center was 5-for-11 from the floor and a perfect 8-for-8 from the free throw line while scoring a game-best 18 points. He added seven rebounds, blocked four shots and dished out an assist. Hibbert scored in double figures for the first time since Jan. 5. 
 
 NOT:  Bobcats starting frontcourt. The trio of  Michael Kidd-Gilchrist, Hakim Warrick  and  Bismack Biyombo  scored just 13 points on a combined 5-for-15 shooting. They also only managed 12 rebounds. In comparison, the Pacers starting frontcourt accounted for 49 points and 25 rebounds.  
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Paul George is on a streak of late for the Pacers. George, the Pacers' leading scorer, is averaging 21.0 points, 11.0 rebounds, 3.3 assists and 3.5 steals including four straight double-doubles. 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA: Roy Williams , head coach at the University of North Carolina, was seated courtside to watch former Tar Heel  Tyler Hansbrough . ESPN analyst and former head coach  Fran Fraschilla  was also in attendance at Time Warner Cable Arena. Charlotte forward  Byron Mullens  sat in for analysis with  Scott Lauer  on the Charlotte Bobcats radio network for the second consecutive home game. Charlotte owner and NBA legend  Michael Jordan  also sat courtside for the first time this season.  
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Kidd-Gilchrist was held to just four points and five rebounds against Indiana while fellow rookie  Jeffery Taylor  came off the bench and added five points and two rebounds. For Indiana,  Ben Hansbrough  saw limited action, but scored three points while  Orlando Johnson  scored two points and grabbed a career-best five rebounds.  Miles Plumlee  was inactive for the Pacers.  
 
 NOTABLE:  Bobcats guard  Kemba Walker  left the game in the second quarter after stepping on the foot of  Ian Mahinmi , but did return to start the second half. ...  Ben Gordon  had his streak of nine straight double-figure scoring games snapped. ... Biyombo has recorded at least two blocks in each of the last five games. ... Kemba Walker has scored in double figures in 35 of 38 games this year. Gerald Henderson has scored in double figures in four of the last five games. David West scored in double figures for the 36th time this season. ... The Pacers, who lead the league in points allowed, have now held 22 opponents below 90 points on the season and have held eight opponents under 80 points. Charlotte was also the 18th opponent held below 40 percent shooting. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Pacers, Wednesday @ Orlando, Friday vs. Houston, Monday @ Memphis. For the Bobcats, Friday @ Orlando, Saturday vs. Sacramento, Monday vs. Houston. 
