  Notebook: Heat 105, Pacers 90 Posted Tuesday February 14, 2012 11:08PM By Conrad Brunner, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Miami isn't just winning games. It is routinely dispatching opponents with a methodical precision that bespeaks a team on a mission. This one was over by halftime, when Miami rolled up 68 points and a 29-point lead on its way to a 105-90 dismantling of Indiana on Tuesday before a sellout crowd of 18,165 at Bankers Life Fieldhouse.  LeBron James  scored 23 with nine rebounds, seven assists and four steals and  Norris Cole  matched his career high for 20 off the bench as Miami (23-7) swept an all-road back-to-back-to-back and ran its win streak to four games with an average margin of 17.5 points. Indiana (17-11) lost its fourth in a row and fifth in six games and also lost leading scorer  Danny Granger  to a sprained ankle in the first quarter. QUOTABLE:  "Our guys wanted this challenge and we were well aware it had not been done in 40 years, to go back-to-back to-back on the road, be able to stay focused. We threw out anything we could have used as a crutch."    -- Miami coach  Erik Spoelstra THE STAT:  Miami became the first team since the 1979 Phoenix Suns to win three games on the road in three nights, and the first since the Milwaukee Bucks in 1970-71 to win them all by double digits. Miami joined Chicago and Oklahoma City as the only teams to sweep back-to-back-to-back games this season. TURNING POINT:  It would be an exaggeration to say the opening tip, but not much of one. Miami closed the first period on a 20-7 run to take a 33-16 lead, then went 15-4 early in the second to make it a laugher. The lead grew to 35 in the fourth quarter before Indiana chipped into the margin during garbage time. QUOTABLE II:  "I think as far as team chemistry we got better every single night. We moved the ball. Tonight we had 17 assists. We rebounded and we defended. When we do that, we're very, very tough to beat. And it shows the professionalism of the group."    -- James HOT:  The Heat got 42 points from its second unit, including 8-for-12 shooting from Cole.  Udonis Haslem  had nine rebounds in 20 minutes and  Shane Battier  scored eight with four boards. NOT:  Indiana shot 34.1 percent in the first half with six assists and 12 turnovers. QUOTABLE III:  "They came out and jumped all over us. There was no way that we could battle back from the hole that we dug for ourselves. They're one of the better teams in the NBA and they're not going to let you back in when they get you down the way they got us down tonight."    -- Indiana's  Dahntay Jones GOOD MOVE:  Spoelstra did not give in to the schedule. Tempted to give the players the morning off after their win in Milwaukee the night before, he instead put the team through its usual gameday routine of a walk-through, meeting and video. Despite playing its fifth road game in seven nights, Miami played with much more aggression and commitment from the outset. BAD MOVE:  The Pacers were on their heels from the opening moments of the game and showed their defensive confusion by twice doubling James -- by leaving Wade. NOTABLE:  Indiana was beginning its first back-to-back-to-back set since 1999. It continues Wednesday in Cleveland. ... Granger is listed as day-to-day but coach  Frank Vogel  said he did not expect his leading scorer to play. ... Miami forward  Juwan Howard  picked up two technical fouls in the final minutes and was ejected. ... The Pacers are 3-5 since  George Hill  went down with a chip fracture in his left ankle. ... This was Miami's fourth win in a row over the Pacers and eighth in the last nine games. The Heat have won the last four at Bankers Life Fieldhouse. ... The Pacers' bench scored a season-high 49 points. ... The Heat's 68-39 lead at halftime is its largest halftime lead of the season. UP NEXT:  For the Pacers, Wednesday @ Cleveland, Thursday vs. New Jersey, Sunday vs. Charlotte. For the Heat, Friday @ Cleveland, Sunday vs. Orlando, Tuesday vs. Sacramento.  