  Bucks-Bobcats notebook   By Derek S. Smith, for NBA.com Posted Monday March 28, 2011 10:30PM THE FACTS: Gerald Henderson  grabbed a key loose ball and scored 16 points including his team's final seven points to lead the Charlotte Bobcats to an 87-86 come-from-behind win over the visiting Milwaukee Bucks at Time Warner Cable Arena Wednesday night.  Andrew Bogut  and  Brandon Jennings  each scored 26 points to lead all scorers for Milwaukee in the loss. QUOTABLE:  "The big hoops (from Gerald Henderson) were just outstanding, but that play where he dove on the floor and got that basketball for us was just remarkable. I have to give him all the credit in the world. He's really finding himself at the right time."  --  Charlotte Bobcats head coach  Paul Silas. THE STAT:  11. The number of missed field goals by the Bucks in the final 5:10 of the game. Milwaukee also failed to score a point in the final 3:52 of the game after a pair of  Carlos Delfino  free throws put them ahead 86-80. The Bucks went 4-for-22 in the final quarter and scored just 14 points and also committed four turnovers. TURNING POINT:  Hustle plays. Gerald Henderson dove on the floor for a loose ball rebound with 13.9 seconds left and managed to call timeout with two Bucks also in the scrum. The play setup the final frantic seconds of the game which saw a Charlotte turnover and and three attempts at a game-winner by Milwaukee fall short. QUOTABLE II:  "They missed some key shots and we were able to win the game. I'm just trying to play hard for my team. Those loose balls are winning plays for us. It was tough out there but our whole team really stepped up."  --  Charlotte Bobcats guard Gerald Henderson. HOT:  Andrew Bogut. The Bucks starting center scored 18 of his game-high 26 points in the first quarter. The Aussie was 9-for-11 from the floor against a depleted front line from the Bobcats. Charlotte's injured power forward  Tyrus Thomas  was forced to start at center after the team's lone healthy center,  Kwame Brown,  was forced to miss the game due to a family emergency. NOT:  Brandon Jennings down the stretch. The Bucks point guard scored a game-high 26 points, but made only two of 12 field goal attempts in the final period including a lay-up and three pointer in the waning seconds which both would have won the game for Milwaukee. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Gerald Henderson. The Bobcats guard scored the final seven points of the game en route to his 16-point night. He was 7-for-10 from the floor with five rebounds and an assist as well as a steal. Henderson has reached double figures in five straight games and 14 of his last 19 outings for the Bobcats and has also become the team's go-to defender. ROOKIE WATCH: Larry Sanders , a product of Virginia Commonwealth University, played 13 minutes for the Bucks and scored two points and grabbed four rebounds while adding a blocked shot. He is the only rookie for either team. NOTABLE:  Bobcats guard  Garrett Temple  scored his first field goal as a Bobcat with 5:38 to play in the fourth quarter after coming in for injured point guards  D.J. Augustin  and  Shaun Livingston . Both Augustin and Livingston did not return to the game and both are listed as day-to-day. Augustin finished the game with 10 points and has reached double figures in 14 of the last 17 contests.  Stephen Jackson  scored in double figures for the 59th time this season. It was the 17th time this year that Brandon Jennings has scored 20 or more while Andrew Bogut hit the same milestone for the ninth time this year. Milwaukee guard  Michael Redd  played 15 minutes and saw action for the first time this season after suffering a torn ACL and MCL in the 2009-10 season. Redd was held scoreless while taking three shots and assisting on four baskets. Milwaukee is 2-32 when scoring 89 or fewer points. UP NEXT:  For the Bucks, Wednesday @ Toronto, Friday @ Indiana, Saturday vs. Philadelphia. For the Bobcats, Wednesday vs. Cleveland, Friday @ Orlando, Sunday vs. Washington.  