  Notebook: Warriors 112, Nuggets 97 Posted Sunday April 8, 2012 2:09AM By Geoff Lepper, for NBA.com THE FACTS:   Brandon Rush  led a balanced Golden State attack, scoring 20 points and adding five rebounds as the Warriors dealt a painful blow Saturday to the Denver Nuggets' playoff hopes with a 112-97 victory. Seven Warriors reached double-figures in scoring to help Golden State win for just the fourth time in its last 16 games.  David Lee  had 17 points and nine boards, while  Klay Thompson  scored 13 of his 15 in the second half to help the Warriors pull away. Ty Lawson  scored a game-high 21 points for the Nuggets (30-26), who dropped out of a tie for seventh place in the Western Conference and now sit eighth, a half-game behind Dallas (31-26) and Houston (30-25) and just a game in front of Phoenix and Utah (both 29-27). QUOTABLE:  "It's been like this for a month. We'll beat Chicago, then lose to Toronto. Beat Orlando, and then we lose to New Orleans. We just need to have more focus. It's getting ridiculous at this point. We're losing to teams we should never -- that we shouldn't lose to, especially with the magnitude of what's going on in the season with the playoff run and where we're at. We can't be losing these games."   -- Ty Lawson THE STAT:  Golden State turned the lanes at Oracle Arena into a veritable freeway, constantly beating the Nuggets off the dribble and eventually scoring 58 points in the paint, just two off their season high. The Warriors had 22 points in the paint in the second quarter alone. TURNING POINT:  After falling behind by seven points at the half by allowing Golden State to score 30 in the second quarter, the Nuggets went in to regroup at halftime, yet somehow came out even flatter after intermission. The Warriors opened the third quarter with seven consecutive points, kickstarting an 18-8 run that left Golden State leading by 17 and comfortably in control. The hosts never trailed in the second half. QUOTABLE II:  "Everything that we were supposed to stop, they was doing: They was hitting 3s, they was getting to the basket, they was getting paint points. We've got to pick it up on the defensive end. It was just lack of execution. It was all on us. We beat ourselves tonight."   -- Ty Lawson FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Rush, whose 3-point percentage had dropped from 52.4 percent before the All-Star Game to 36.0 afterwards, was 4-for-6 on treys Saturday. GOOD MOVE:  Warriors coach  Mark Jackson  gave 10 players 16 or more minutes, but outside of Lee, nobody got more than 30. Golden State certainly looked fresher down the stretch in a battle of two teams that were both finishing up back-to-backs. QUOTABLE III:  "It's very satisfying knowing that a team came in with something to play for, with payback on their mind, and we found a way to put together 48 minutes of basketball."   -- Mark Jackson HOT:  Former Warriors forward  Al Harrington  had 19 points off the bench, repeatedly taunting the Oracle Arena crowd while shooting 5-for-7 on 3-pointers... NOT:  ... but the Nuggets couldn't take advantage because the rest of their squad went just 3-for-18 from behind the arc. ROOKIE WATCH:   Jordan Hamilton 's second career start for the Nuggets didn't go quite as well as the first. Coming off an 11-point, eight-assist game against Phoenix on Friday, Hamilton was held scoreless by the Warriors, going 0-for-7 from the floor in 18 minutes. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Warriors season-ticket holder  Ronak Desai  of Dublin won $12,000 during a shooting contest between the first and second quarters, draining a 3-pointer for a $2,000 prize and earning $10,000 for swishing a half-court attempt. It was the second time in two weeks that a Warriors fan has nailed the half-court try and took home the $10,000 prize;  Omar Ortega  of Hayward did it on March 24. NOTABLE:  This is the first time the Warriors have taken a season series from Denver since 2002-03. . . . Nuggets guard  Arron Afflalo  had 13 points in the first quarter but only three more the rest of the way. . . .  Nate Robinson  scored 14 points and added seven assists for a strong Warriors bench, which outscored the Golden State starters, 57-55. . . . Denver remained without the services of forwards  Wilson Chandler  (strained groin) and  Danilo Gallinari  (broken left thumb). Nuggets coach  George Karl  said before the game that he was unwilling to discuss the results of Chandler's second MRI scan until the team confers with doctors and Chandler himself on Monday. . . . Gallinari worked hard before the game and Denver remains hopeful he can come back Monday, when these same teams meet again in Denver. . . . Warriors coach Mark Jackson took advantage of a doubleheader at the Oakland-Alameda County Coliseum complex, visiting Oakland A's manager  Bob Melvin  during that club's batting-practice session before the A's hosted the Seattle Mariners. UP NEXT:  For the Warriors, Monday @ Denver, Wednesday @ Portland, Thursday vs. Dallas. For the Nuggets, Monday vs. Golden State, Wednesday vs. Minnesota, Friday @ Lakers.  