  Notebook: Thunder 105, Magic 102 Posted Friday March 2, 2012 12:37AM By Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com THE FACTS:   Kevin Durant  scored 18 of his 38 points in the fourth quarter and the Oklahoma City Thunder came back from an 11-point fourth-quarter deficit to beat the Orlando Magic, 105-102, for their seventh straight victory.  Russell Westbrook , who finished with 29 points and 10 assists, kept the Thunder in the game through three quarters before they scored 35 in the final period.  Dwight Howard  scored 33 points for the Magic. The nationally televised game ended on a missed 3-point shot by  Jason Richardson  after two missed free throws by  Daequan Cook  kept the Magic alive with 3.1 seconds left. QUOTABLE:  "I always feel like I have to be aggressive in the fourth. I guess that is my time no matter how I'm playing."   -- Thunder forward Durant  THE STAT:  The Thunder made 10-of-15 shots in the fourth quarter while the Magic shot 8-for-25.  QUOTABLE II:  "When your defense was as bad as ours was in the fourth, it's going to hurt your offense. We just literally didn't play any defense in the fourth quarter . . . If we had one good defensive possession in the fourth quarter, I missed it."    -- Magic coach  Stan Van Gundy   TURNING POINT:  Durant scored seven points on a 9-0 run midway through the fourth quarter that lifted the Thunder to their first lead since the first quarter. HOT:  All five Thunder starters contributed as they made eight straight shots in the first quarter. NOT:   Glen Davis  and  J.J. Redick  combined for 2-for-14 shooting off the Magic bench.  GOOD MOVE:  With just under a minute remaining, Durant had the ball out of shooting position with the shot clock expiring, but he tossed up a 19-footer and it went in, giving the Thunder a five-point lead. QUOTABLE III:  "That was a prayer. God was on my side on that one."    -- Durant BAD MOVE:  With a three-point lead, the Thunder allowed  Jason Richardson  to get off an unobstructed (if hurried and long) 3-point attempt just before the final horn. HISTORICAL NOTE:  It was the Thunder's first victory ever in Orlando. The franchise had lost seven straight times in Orlando since winning on March 13, 2004, as the Seattle SuperSonics. INSIDE THE ARENA:  As the first of seven teams to celebrate the NBA's growing popularity in Hispanic communities, the Magic wore black "El Magic" jerseys. ROOKIE WATCH:   Reggie Jackson  hit a 3-pointer and had three rebounds for the Thunder in nine minutes. NOTABLE:  Durant scored 36 points in the All-Star Game here four nights ago. ... The Thunder matched their average of free throw attempts per game (27) despite not going to the line until the 6:10 mark of the second quarter. UP NEXT:  For the Thunder, Saturday @ Atlanta, Monday vs. Dallas, Wednesday vs. Phoenix. For the Magic, Saturday vs. Milwaukee, Monday @ Toronto, Tuesday @ Charlotte.  