  Notebook: Sixers 104, Jazz 91 Posted Friday March 9, 2012 10:38PM By Andy Jasner, for NBA.com THE FACTS:   Thaddeus Young  and  Lou Williams  scored 21 points each to lead five players in double figures as the Philadelphia 76ers cruised to a 104-91 victory over the Utah Jazz Friday night at the Wells Fargo Center.  Evan Turner  scored 16 points and grabbed 12 rebounds,  Jrue Holiday  had 16 points and  Andre Iguodala  chipped in with 10 for the Sixers, who improved to 24-17 and remained in first place in the Atlantic Division. Paul Millsap  paced the Jazz (19-20) with 15 points while  Al Jefferson  and  Derrick Favors  scored 14 points each.  Gordon Hayward  added 13 and  Devin Harris  10 for Utah, which had won two in a row on the road. QUOTABLE:  "It's a great win for us. We have some momentum and now we have to keep building on it."   -- Sixers forward  Elton Brand . THE STAT:  Since allowing an opposing player to score 33 or more points in consecutive games, the Sixers haven't allowed an opposing player to score more than 16 in back-to-back wins over the Boston Celtics and the Jazz. TURNING POINT:  Earlier in the season, the Sixers had been relinquishing leads. They have reversed the trend in recent games. Philadelphia led 78-68 after the third quarter and quickly pushed it to 15 in the fourth. HOT:  Iguodala knocked down all five of his shots. More importantly, he played within the offense with terrific shot selection throughout the game. NOT:   Josh Howard  missed all six shots in 21 minutes. He was never a factor for the Jazz. QUOTABLE II:  "I really think we locked in defensively."   -- Holiday. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Iguodala was stellar once again with 10 points, 10 assists and seven rebounds. INSIDE THE ARENA:  There was a large crowd of 18,512 for Friday's matchup with the Jazz. During the game, the fans gave a huge ovation to  Harvey Pollack . Pollack, the Sixers' director of statistical information, is celebrating his 90th birthday. Pollack began working in the league in its inaugural season in 1946-47. He is famously known for writing the "100" sign held by the late  Wilt Chamberlain  when he scored 100 points against the New York Knicks on March 2, 1962. QUOTABLE III:  "They are just physical. They had their hands on us. They took us out of our rhythm a little bit. They made the guys on the wings catch the ball one or two steps out. We started getting it into the paint and they really did a good job of funneling to the ball."   -- Jazz coach  Tyrone Corbin  on the Sixers' defense. GOOD MOVE:  Not only did Turner receive his third straight start, but he played the point for long stretches, which allowed Holiday to play off the ball. The strategy worked and especially helped in the halfcourt offense. BAD MOVE:  The Jazz didn't go inside enough to Jefferson, who leads the team in scoring, rebounding and blocked shots. Jefferson could have had more opportunities, but simply didn't get the ball enough or get to the free throw line enough. ROOKIE WATCH:  Jazz guard  Alec Burks  scored six points while center  Enes Kanter  was scoreless. For the Sixers,  Nikola Vucevic  had six points and five rebounds while  Lavoy Allen  was scoreless in a brief stint for less than a minute. NOTABLE:  Jazz assistant coach  Jeff Hornacek  was whistled for a technical foul with 5:11 remaining in the third quarter. ... Turner has three double-doubles this season, one more than last season. ... Over the last six games, Iguodala has 41 assists with just six turnovers. NEXT:  For the Jazz, Saturday @ Chicago, Monday vs. Detroit, Wednesday @ Phoenix. For the Sixers, Sunday @ New York, Wednesday @ Indiana, Friday vs. Miami.  