Notebook: Raptors 115, Jazz 91 
 
 
 Scott Campsall, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Nov 09, 2013 10:55 PM - Updated Sat Nov 09, 2013 10:55 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Toronto Raptors ended a seven-game home losing streak to the Utah Jazz. With the win, they are now 9-25 all-time against Utah.  
 
 THE LEAD:  Four different players scored in double figures for the Raptors as they blew out the Jazz 115-91, denying Utah their first win of the season.  
 Bruiser  Tyler Hansbrough  led the way for Toronto with a season-high 23 points and seven rebounds off of the bench.  DeMar DeRozan  had 18, while  Jonas Valanciunas  dropped 14 and  Rudy Gay  pitched in with 11. The Jazz hung with the Raptors until the midway through the first quarter when Toronto turned up the heat, going on a 16-4 run to end the first.  
 Despite the loss,  Gordon Hayward  had an impressive game for the Jazz, shooting 10-18 and scoring a game-high 24 points.  Derrick Favors  was also solid, chipping in with 17 and seven rebounds.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "[It was] not a night off. We are still building something and it's serious. It gave us an opportunity to look at  [Dwight] Buyck s as a point guard, as a back-up --  Julyan Stone , it did give us a good look at those guys in real games, since we don't have practice. For me it was serious. I take every game serious, every practice serious because if it goes the other way, it's not a laugher."  
 -- Raptors head coach  Dwane Casey  on his team's blowout victory 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Toronto's bench outscored the Jazz bench 23-4 in the first half.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  After holding just a 14-12 lead halfway through the first quarter, the Raptors exploded for a 33-8 run ending at 6:16 of the second quarter. Toronto would not look back from there.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "It's good because you know he is going to play hard. He is going to get you easy buckets. He is going to make your job a lot easier. If you make a mistake on defense, he is going to be there to help you. It's fun playing with him." 
 -- Raptors guard  Terrence Ross  on playing with  Tyler Hansbrough .  
 
 
 HOT:  Hansbrough scored a season-high 23 points. That was his highest scoring output since he had 22 in a game against Milwaukee on March 22nd.  
 
 HOT:  Hayward led all scorers with 24 points and did so on 10-of-18 shooting from the floor. He also had a team-high seven rebounds and four assists.  
 
 NOT:  The Jazz shot just 3-of-18 from beyond the three-point line.  
 
 NOTABLE:  Raptors point guard  Kyle Lowry  sprained his right ankle in the second quarter and did not re-enter to the game. ... Jazz guard  John Lucas III  returned to Toronto for the first time since playing in a career-high 63 games for them last season. ... Jazz Rookie  Trey Burke  missed his seventh straight game with a broken finger. ... The Raptors reached the 100-point plateau for the first time this season. ... Jazz forward  Marvin Williams  returned from a right Achilles injury Friday and went scoreless in 15 minutes.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Raptors, @ Houston Monday, @ Memphis Wednesday, vs. Chicago Friday. For the Jazz, vs. Denver on Monday, vs. New Orleans Wednesday, vs. San Antonio on Friday.  
