Notebook: Thunder 105, Nuggets 93 
 
 
 Michael Kelly, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Dec 18, 2013 1:12 AM - Updated Wed Dec 18, 2013 1:12 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Oklahoma City Thunder (20-4) are off to their best start since 1993-94 when they were 21-3 after 24 games. 
 
 THE LEAD: Kevin Durant  scored a game-high 30 points,  Russell Westbrook  had 21 and 13 rebounds and the Oklahoma City Thunder extended their winning streak to seven with a 105-93 win over the Denver Nuggets on Tuesday night. 
 
 Serge Ibaka  had 17 points and 10 rebounds for the Thunder, who have won 14 of 15 since Nov. 15. 
 
 J.J. Hickson  scored 20 points and pulled down 14 rebounds for the Nuggets, who lost their fourth home game of the season. They lost three all of last year. 
 
 Ty Lawson  added 17 points and 13 assists for Denver. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "It's not an easy place to win. They're a good team but they had a bad shooting night from 3-point, just like we did."  
 -- Thunder coach  Scott Brooks 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Both teams suffered from a poor shooting night all over, but especially from 3-point range. Oklahoma City was 5-for-22 from long range (22.7 percent) and Denver was 5-for-19 (26.3 percent). 
 
 TURNING POINT:  After Denver cut a 12-point lead in the first half to one in the third, Durant and Westbrook took over. They led an 11-1 run that made it 69-58 midway through the quarter, capped by Durant's 3-pointer. Denver got back within six on a pair of 3-pointers by  Nate Robinson  in the fourth, but Durant hit a jumper, Westbrook a free throw and  Derek Fisher  completed a three-point play to make it 89-79  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "Where we are as a team, we got beat by a better team tonight. I liked our spirit in terms of fighting, but we couldn't finish in the paint. We couldn't play defense on them without fouling."  
 -- Nuggets coach  Brian Shaw 
 
 
 HOT:  Denver was willing to concede Westbrook and Durant their points with the plan to limit everyone else. Ibaka nixed those plans right away. He hit his first five shots and had 13 points in the first quarter.  
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "Once they put two guys on myself and Kevin, our job is to make the other guys better. That's what I did early in the game."  
 -- Russell Westbrook 
 
 
 NOT:  The Nuggets went cold at the end of the first quarter, and it worsened in the second. They missed 11 straight shots at one point and were just 1-for-14 and watched the Thunder increase their lead from two points to 37-25. 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  Denver Broncos wide receiver  Wes Welker  was sitting behind the Nuggets bench and got an ovation when he was shown on the giant scoreboard. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  The Thunder contained the Nuggets' running game and forced them into more of a half-court offense. Denver did have 18 fast-break points but 10 came in the fourth quarter when the game was in hand. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "Defensively, we helped each other out. They got some transition points but when we played in the half court I think we did a decent job."  
 -- Kevin Durant 
 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Nuggets forward  Jordan Hamilton  was slapped with a Flagrant 2 foul on  Steven Adams  with 11:01 left in the game and was ejected.  
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Although he played just a minute of mop-up time, Thunder forward  Andre Roberson  made his first trip back to the area where he was a college star. Roberson helped lead the University of Colorado to back-to-back NCAA Tournament appearances before declaring for the NBA Draft last spring. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Denver's bench scored a season-low 27 points. ... Durant has scored 30 or more points 12 times this season, tops in the NBA. ... Hickson notched his second straight double-double. ... Westbrook finished two assists shy of a triple-double. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Thunder, Thursday vs. Chicago, Saturday @ San Antonio, Sunday vs. Toronto. For the Nuggets, Friday vs. Phoenix, Saturday @ L.A. Clippers, Monday vs. Golden State. 
