  Hornets-Wizards notebook    By Rich Dubroff, for NBA.com  Posted Saturday January 1, 2011 11:41PM THE FACTS: Trevor Ariza  had a season-high 22 points,  Emeka Okafor  17 points and a season-high 15 rebounds and  Chris Paul  13 points and 11 assists as the New Orleans Hornets beat the Washington Wizards 92-81 in the first meeting between Paul and  John Wall  on Saturday night. Paul also had seven steals while Wall had 12 points, 10 assists and eight turnovers. It was the second road victory in the last two days for New Orleans, which pulled out a win in Boston on Friday afternoon. Nick Young  led Washington with 24 points. The Wizards have lost 16 of their last 19. QUOTABLE:  "You see the difference between a veteran point guard and a young one."   ­-Washington coach  Flip Saunders  on comparing Paul with Wall. THE STAT:  Wall had eight turnovers and two steals. Paul had seven steals and one turnover. Paul has 13 steals in the last two games. "I just sort of know what's going to happen before it does," Paul says. TURNING POINT:  Ariza scored 13 points in the third quarter as New Orleans outscored Washington 26-15 to take a 68-62 lead. . QUOTABLE II:  "Make no mistake about it. That guy is going to be really, really good someday. He's going to be an All-Star soon because once he starts knocking down his jump shot, he'll be unguardable."   -New Orleans coach Monty Williams on Wall HOT:.  Ariza was 10-for-16 from the field and also had five steals. He had just seven on Friday in Boston, but drilled the go-ahead 3-pointer. Okafor was 7-for-8. NOT: Andray Blatche  was just 4-for-12 from the field. He's missed 20 of 28 field goal attempts in his last two games. Reportedly, the Wizards are shopping the on-again, off-again 6-11 forward. He did little to increase his market value this weekend. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Okafor had 35 points and 28 rebounds in the two wins for the Hornets. If the Hornets make a run, Okafor will be a very nice pickup. GOOD MOVE:  Paul pressuring Wall into eight turnovers and causing two quick fouls on the rookie. Wall went to the bench with 2:13 gone in the first quarter. BAD MOVE:  Wall getting unnerved by Paul, despite what he said after the game. "It wasn't really a big matchup. Everyone makes it a matchup every time you play against a great point guard." Wall said.. ROOKIE WATCH : That was the game?watching the rookie go against the veteran?even if the veteran is only 25. The Hornets' only rookie, Quincy Pondexter, played three scoreless minutes. The Wizards' other two rookies, Trevor Booker and Kevin Seraphin, watched from the bench. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Imitating the "K" display for strikeouts in baseball, the Wizards unveiled the "Great Wall of Assists." Wall had seven at halftime. Thankfully, there wasn't a turnover tracker in the stands. NOTABLE : The Hornets won their second straight road game after losing seven in a row. . UP NEXT:  Hornets: Monday vs. Sixers, Wednesday vs. Warriors, Friday @ Lakers Wizards: Wednesday @ Sixers, Friday vs. Nets, Saturday @ Bobcats  