  Notebook: Spurs 103, Clippers 100 Posted Saturday February 18, 2012 8:03PM By Dan Arritt, for NBA.com THE FACTS: A rare victory against the Spurs was in the hands of the Clippers, and then they gave it all away. Leading by three points with 9.5 seconds remaining and the ball Saturday afternoon, Clippers point guard  Chris Paul  couldn't control an in-bounds pass and the ball ended up in the hands of San Antonio sharpshooter  Gary Neal  at the top of the his 3-point stripe. He turned and sank the tying basket with 5.7 seconds left, allowing the game to stretch into overtime, where he again sank a 3-pointer to put San Antonio ahead for good in the 103-100 victory at Staples Center. QUOTABLE:  "Probably the worst play I've been a part of since I've been in the NBA."  --  Paul. THE STAT:  The Spurs, second in the Western Conference coming in, won their NBA-leading 10th consecutive game, the second time in the last 14 months they've hit that mark. Meanwhile, the third-place Clippers lost for the 26th time in their last 30 games against the Spurs dating back to December 2003. TURNING POINT:  Undoubtedly, the turnover by Paul was a game changer. He was 6-for-6 from the free-throw line in the final two minutes and, should he hold onto the in-bounds pass, he's likely sent back to the stripe needing just one to clinch the victory. The Clippers didn't hang their heads in the overtime period, however, staying with the Spurs until  Tim Duncan  reversed a pass to Neal in front of the Clippers' bench and he sank another 3-pointer with 25 seconds remaining to give the Spurs a 101-98 lead. HOT: Tony Parker  was the best point guard on the floor Saturday afternoon. He finished with 30 points, including 12 in the fourth quarter and two more in overtime, and dished out 10 assists. Parker got to the free-throw line seven times in the final quarter.  Blake Griffin  did his part for the Clippers, finishing with 22 points and a career-high 20 rebounds. A 52.8 percent free-throw shooter coming into the game, he shot 4-for-6, including a big make with 42.5 seconds left in overtime that tied the score, 98-98.  Randy Foye  chipped in a season-high 21 points for the Clippers, scoring 16 in the third quarter when the Clippers erased a 15-point deficit with a 17-0 run. NOT:  Clippers backup point guard  Eric Bledsoe  did a fine job of quarterbacking the 17-0 run and reserve forward  Kenyon Martin  played his usual rugged defense, even taking on the much-quicker Parker on several occasions, but the L.A. bench wasn't able to contribute much in the scoring column. They were outscored, 36-15, by the San Antonio reserves, led by 17 from Neal and 13 from  Matt Bonner . GOOD MOVE:  A combination of Bonner's hot hand and an injury to backup postman  Tiago Splitter  forced San Antonio head coach  Gregg Popovich  to stick with his 6-foot-10 perimeter player. Bonner ended up playing a season-high 36 minutes, third most behind Duncan and Parker. BAD MOVE:  Again, we have to go back to the in-bounds play in the final seconds of regulation. Whether something simpler needed to be drawn up by head coach  Vinny Del Negro  or Paul simply should have handled the pass more delicately, that's up for debate. The bottom line, the Clippers lost the game on that play. QUOTABLE II:  "It was just an unfortunate play. It was kind of the perfect storm, per se, just in terms of where Gary Neal caught the ball ... it was just a bad play overall."  --  Del Negro. NOTABLE:  The victory may have come at a cost for the Spurs.  Manu Ginobili , in his fourth game back after missing the previous 22 with a fractured hand, left in the third quarter with a strained left oblique muscle. Ginobili was the team's second-leading scorer the last two seasons. Splitter, who came in averaging 9.7 points and 5.4 rebounds, did not play the last three quarters after suffering a strained right calf. The second-year player from Brazil had scored in double figures in the previous five games ... Duncan matched his season high with 17 rebounds. He also contributed 11 points on 5-for-14 shooting. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Monday @ Golden State, Wednesday vs. Denver, Feb. 28 vs. Minnesota. For the Spurs, Monday @ Utah, Tuesday @ Portland, Thursday @ Denver.  