  Notebook: Spurs 121, Lakers 97 Posted Saturday April 21, 2012 1:15AM By Tim Price, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The Lakers were 5-2 while  Kobe Bryant  took the last seven games to get over a bruised shin, and it looks like it will take some time to get used to the NBA's leading scorer being back on the floor. Playing in his first game back after the injury, Bryant played 30 minutes and scored 18 points on 7-of-12 shooting. But the Spurs trio of  Tim Duncan ,  Manu Ginobili  and  Tony Parker  combined for 61 points, and San Antonio beat the Lakers for the second time in five days in a 121-97 decision on Friday at AT&T Center. The Spurs (46-16) were led by Duncan's 21 points (10-of-15 shooting), Parker's 20 (he also had 10 assists) and Ginobili (20 points in 25 minutes). San Antonio shot 61 percent. L.A. (40-24) got moderate production beyond Bryant's 18.  Andrew Bynum  scored 17, but he averaged 23.1 points per game while Bryant was out.  Pau Gasol  scored 11 tonight compared to 21 while Bryant was out. QUOTABLE:  "I feel great. I feel healthy. I feel fresh. It took me a half, but in the second half I felt like I was back in the rhythm. The Spurs made their adjustments between the first game and the last two (between the two teams). They spread the floor and they knocked down shots. When they spread the floor, you're constantly behind the play. If we're fortunate enough to see them in the postseason, we'll make our adjustments. In the first game, Andrew (Bynum, who had 30 rebounds in that game) was around the rim. But the Spurs didn't have him around the rim in this game. They had him out on the perimeter, and they got him helping out on screen and rolls and he's not in position to get the rebound."    -- Kobe Bryant THE STAT:  Two. That was the number of rebounds Bynum had tonight, which was 28 fewer than the career-best 30 he pulled down without Bryant on the floor when these two teams played for the first time this season 10 days ago and L.A. won 98-84 in San Antonio. TURNING POINT:  The Lakers trailed by two 30 seconds into the second half and still were down single digits, 73-65, with 5:44 to go in the third quarter following Gasol's dunk and a  Gregg Popovich  timeout. But the Spurs scored the next 11 points and led 84-65. Ginobili had the final five points of the run, including three on free throws when he was fouled shooting past the 3-point line by Bryant. QUOTABLE II:  "[Kobe] did as good as anybody could do. He's not Kobe yet. He's still got some rust on him. You can see that. He'll be a lot more ready as we get closer to the playoffs, that's for sure. So we caught a little bit of a break there."    -- Gregg Popovich HOT:  The Spurs scored on 10-of-13 fastbreak opportunities (Los Angeles 2-of-6). The last three games San Antonio has gone 25-of-31 on the break. NOT:   Ramon Sessions  has been listed in the pregame injury report with a left shoulder sprain, though Sessions said it's not the reason he came into this game having played only 25 minutes in either of his two previous games. But something appears to not be right with the Lakers starting point guard because he's gone 5-for-17 in the past two games and did not play the entire third quarter when San Antonio broke the game open by outscoring L.A. 35-21. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  The last two times Parker has played the Lakers he has averaged 24.5 points and 11.5 rebounds. INSIDE THE ARENA:   Lance Armstrong , seven-time Tour de France winner who has a home in Austin, tweeted @lancearmstrong that he was at the game: "Sitting court-side with @lukearmstrong for the #spurs vs. #lakers. These boys are big, fast, and physical. #gospurs" ... GOOD MOVE : Bryant played all 12 minutes of the first quarter and got back in the feel of the game as quickly as possible after missing those previous seven contests. At one point in the third quarter he pump faked and got rookie defender  Kawhi Leonard  in the air, made the basket and drew the foul. The Spurs had to pull Leonard, who they are grooming as a  Bruce Bowen -type defender. BAD MOVE:  With Sessions' play inconsistent, and that he four personal fouls in the first half, the Lakers had to go with  Steve Blake  at point and watch him guard the likes of Parker in the third quarter. Parker scored nine points in the third quarter on 4-for-5 shooting. Ginobili added 10 that included a perfect 5-5 from the foul line, and San Antonio scored nine of its 22 fast-break points for the game in the third. ROOKIE WATCH:  Leonard scored eight points, including a pair of corner 3s. But, guarding Bryant, he picked up four fouls and did not play 20 minutes. NOTABLE:  The Spurs claimed the season series 2-1. ... Not only is the the Spurs' sixth-straight win, it's the fourth time in a row the Spurs have defeated their opponent by 20 points or more. ... San Antonio is 44-0 while holding a halftime lead at home. ... It's the first time Duncan, Ginobili and Parker each have scored at least 20 points in a game since April of last year in a loss at Houston. ...  Devin Ebanks  started every game Bryant missed during the injury, but he did not play until garbage time in the fourth quarter, missing all three of his shots from the floor. UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Sunday vs. Oklahoma City, Thursday @ Sacramento. For the Spurs, Sunday vs. Cleveland, Monday vs. Portland, Wednesday @ Phoenix.  