  Grizzlies-Knicks notebook   By Mike Slane, for NBA.com Posted Thursday March 17, 2011 11:07PM THE FACTS:   Toney Douglas  and his bright green shoes seemed to be New York's lucky charm. In desperate need of a win following a three-game skid, Douglas tied the Knicks' franchise record for 3-pointers made and finished with 29 points in the New York's 120-99 victory over the Memphis Grizzlies on St. Patrick's Day at Madison Square Garden. The reserve guard went 9-for-12 from downtown for New York, which set a franchise record for 3-pointers made with 20. QUOTABLE:  "The dude at the scorer's table just said, 'Hit one more three.' I was like, 'Huh?' I didn't really realize it would tie the record. He just said to hit one more three, but I didn't really pay no mind. I was just playing my game and taking what the defense gave me."   -- Toney Douglas THE STAT:  The Knicks set a franchise record for 3-pointers with 20 on 36 attempts, surpassing their previous mark of 19 set at Memphis on Nov. 12, 2008. New York improved to 23-5 this season when knocking down at least 10 3-pointers. TURNING POINT:  The Knicks drained seven 3-pointers in the third quarter as they extended an eight-point halftime lead to 18 by the end of the period. Unlike the previous meeting between the two teams -- when the Grizzlies erased a 17-point third-quarter deficit to tie the game late before Anthony's last-second game-winner -- the Knicks were able to hold on and improved to 7-6 with their new roster. QUOTABLE II:  "We tried to play zone and we tried to go a little smaller, but they're a very talented team and nothing worked for us the two times that we played them. We don't shoot the three ball very well, so you can't match them. If you make a few threes of your own, you balance out some of the threes that they make. We couldn't do that."   -- Grizzlies coach  Lionel Hollins HOT:   Carmelo Anthony  poured in 28 points for his 10th 20-point game since coming from Denver three days before last month's trade deadline.  Chauncey Billups , who was also acquired in the trade, finished with 18 points and eight assists. NOT:   Zach Randolph  was unable to put together another strong game against his former team, scoring just 14 points and grabbing six rebounds in 30 minutes. The Grizzlies' 6-foot-9 forward, who played over a season in New York before being traded to the Clippers, entered the night averaging 26.0 points and 13.6 rebounds in his last five games against the Knicks. NOTABLE:  The Knicks are 2-0 in their green uniforms this season, improving to 3-4 since they began the tradition. They defeated the Chicago Bulls while rocking the green on Christmas Day. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Actress  Lindsey Lohan , soccer star  Thierry Henry , model  Tyson Beckfor , and the UFC's  Dana White ,  George St. Pierre  and  Chuck LIddell  were in the building. UP NEXT:  For the Grizzlies, Saturday vs. Pacers, Monday vs. Jazz, and Wednesday @ Celtics. For the Knicks, Friday @ Pistons, Sunday @ Bucks, and Monday vs. Celtics.  