  Notebook: Heat 90, Magic 78 Posted Sunday February 19, 2012 7:33PM By Shandel D. Richardson, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The Miami Heat won their sixth straight game, defeating the Orlando Magic 90-78 Sunday at AmericanAirlines Arena. The Heat were led by guard  Dwyane Wade's  27 points, who continued his strong play of late. Wade shot 13 of 23 from the field and had six rebounds. Forward  LeBron James  contributed 25 points, 10 rebounds and eight assists, falling just short of a triple-double. The Heat took control behind a solid second quarter, where they held the Magic to just 12 points. After leading 22-19 after the first quarter, Miami went into the half with a 43-31 lead. The Heat held a double-digit lead for most of the second half, with the outcome never in doubt. The victory snapped Orlando's four-game winning streak . The Magic were led by guard  J.J. Redick's  17 points. Center  Dwight Howard  finished with 12 points and a game-high 15 rebounds. QUOTABLE: "Our guys were very committed and much more disciplined this game. We watched the film and all of us were so disappointed the last time we played them ... We had so many breakdowns. We didn't really give ourselves a chance. It's a good to see us coming and playing more disciplined to our strengths."  --  Heat head coach  Erik Spoelstra . THE STAT:  The Heat held the Magic to 27 of 74 shooting (36 percent) from the field. Starters  Hedo Turkoglu  and  Jameer Nelson  combined to shoot 2 of 15 from the floor. TURNING POINT:  The Heat put together one of their better defensive efforts in the second quarter. They held the Magic to 5 of 23 shooting (21 percent), forced five turnovers and had two blocks. That was enough for Miami to sway momentum and erase a poor first-quarter finish. QUOTABLE II:  "I'm taking high percentage shots. I'm just in the groove. You know it comes a time in this game you're going to miss a lot. You're going to have a couple games you can't find that groove. Then you're going to have some where you have it. I'm just taking advantage of it."  --  Wade said of his recent play. HOT:  Wade once again had the hot hand. He attributed his improved shooting to shot selection. Most of his points came at the mid-range level and on layups. NOT:  When the teams met in Orlando recently, the Magic could not miss from 3-point range. That wasn't case this time. The Magic shot 11 of 29, but many of them came in the first half. GOOD MOVE:  The Heat used a collective defensive effort to slow Howard. Spoelstra said it was a matter of showing the Magic different looks. In the first half, it was  Joel Anthony  guarding Howard. The Heat switched to  Udonis Haslem  in the fourth quarter. BAD MOVE:  Howard is arguably the most dominant interior player in the game, but you wouldn't have known it from this game. The Magic relied too much on the 3-point arc instead of feeding the ball into Howard. NOTABLE:  The Heat have won their last six games by double-figures. Heat center  Dexter Pittman  returned to action after missing the past three games with a bruised shoulder. He played two minutes. Magic guard  Jason Richardson  was a late scratch from the lineup because of chest pain. Former president  Bill Clinton  was in attendance for Sunday's game. UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Tuesday @ Kings, Thursday @ Knicks. For the Magic, Monday @ Bucks, Wednesday @ Nets, Thursday @ Hawks.  