
 Wizards-Hawks notebook   By Matt Winkeljohn, for NBA.com  Posted Saturday October 30, 2010 11:08PM THE FACTS:  Rookie  John Wall  made sure the Wizards did more than hang around Saturday before host Atlanta beat them 99-95. Washington took an 11-point lead late in the first quarter in Atlanta, and then even after the host Hawks gained rhythm enough to lead 44-40 at halftime the visitors overcame an 8-point third-quarter deficit to tie the game at 70 by the end of the period as Wall scored the final 12 points of the quarter. He finished with 28 points and nine assists. After making just of 15 shots through the first three quarters, Atlanta's  Joe Johnson  heated up for 14 points in the fourth quarter to lead the Hawks (3-0).  Al Horford  (21 points and 10 rebounds) and  Josh Smith  (12 points, 10 rebounds) registered double-doubles for Atlanta as the Hawks overcame 13 blocked shots by the Wizards (0-2) with an 11-point edge at the free-throw line. QUOTABLE:  " Joe Johnson  hit some tough shots tonight. That's why he got paid this summer. I knew they were going to lay off me because of the way I shot it in the preseason."   - John Wall on Hawks star Joe Johnson' s play Saturday night.   THE STAT:  13 & 7; These were the blocked shot totals by the Wizards and center  JaVale McGee , who tied both the Philips Arena opponent's record and his own career high. Without these blocks and the firepower of Wall and  Al Thornton  (24 points on 10 of 15 shooting in a return to his native state), Washington gets smoked. TURNING POINT:  There was neither a point in time nor a strategic decision that swung the game toward the Hawks in the final quarter so much as Atlanta's decision to start attacking. The Hawks made 9 of 11 free throws in the fourth period to 3 of 5 by the Wizards -- a six-point difference in a game that was decided by four. QUOTABLE II:  "[The Wizards] ran a lot of zone. We've gotten a chance to run a lot of our man-to-man stuff so we went to a lot of our zone offense and got a lot of good looks, but we didn't make shots. They picked up the energy . . . Joe [Johnson] is our guy. He missed a lot of shots he would normally make. I told him don't get discouraged about missing shots. When the game is on the line, we're going to put the ball in his hands."   -- Atlanta Hawks coach Larry Drew. HOT:  Hawks sub  Jamal Crawford  4 of 5 free throws and has made 14 of 15 this season. . . . After a sluggish season opener in which he made just 1 of 5 shots, Atlanta center Al Horford has made 15 of 21 shots in the past two games. . . . Atlanta backup center  Zaza Pachulia  made all four of his free throws, making him perfect in 12 tries through three games. . . . Wizards guard John Wall has registered nine assists in each of his first two NBA games to go with scoring efforts of 14 and 28 points. NOT:  Atlanta's  Marvin Williams  missed his only 3-point try and hasn't hit any of five attempts in three games. He went scoreless Saturday after scoring just six points in Friday's win at Philadelphia. . . . Washington guard Nick Young, a starter last season, was scoreless off the bench after scoring just five points on 1 of shooting in the Wizards' opener against Orlando. He's made just 1 of 7 shots in two games. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  If you're into blocked shots, Washington center  JaVale McGee  has eight in two games. He tied Orlando's  Dwight Howard  for the NBA preseason lead in blocked shots with 17. He added seven points -- including a highlight reel dunk -- and eight rebounds. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Swin Cash of the WNBA champion Seattle Storm was in the house, although she didn't have as much company as one might have thought. Attendance in Philips Arena was announced as 18,729 (a sellout), but the building was no more than half full as a Saturday in the South this time of year is often reserved for college football -- especially when the annual Georgia-Florida grudge match is being played. ROOKIE WATCH:  After an uneven 6 for 19 shooting performance in his NBA debut as the Wizards lost to the Magic, Wizards rookie point guard  John Wall  -- the No. 1 overall pick of the draft -- was often electric in Atlanta. He finished with a game-high 28 points, including the final 12 points of the third quarter. After adding nine assists and five rebounds, Atlanta forward Josh Smith was impressed by Wall's speed, quickness and awareness. "He's an unbelievable athlete," Smith said. "He's a blur out there. He's a pretty big guy, and he knows how to use his body." NOTABLE:  For all the NBA's Tweeters, Atlanta's  Al Horford  said he might use social media to solicit potential nicknames for super sub Jamal  Crawford . "We got to come up with a nickname for him," Horford said. "That might be a Twitter thing that I do . . . because he changes games when he comes in; that's what he does . . . maybe I'll see what fans say." UP NEXT:  For the Hawks, Tuesday @ Cleveland, Wednesday vs. Detroit, Friday @ Minnesota. For the Wizards, Tuesday vs. Philadelphia, Friday @ NY Knicks, Saturday vs. Cleveland. 
