  Pacers-Celtics notebook   By John Oehser, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday December 28, 2010 10:41PM THE FACTS: Paul Pierce  scored 21 points and  Ray Allen  added 17 as the Boston Celtics dominated the second half en route to a 95-83 come-from-behind victory over the Indiana Pacers at Conseco Fieldhouse in Indianapolis Tuesday. Allen scored 12 points in the second half for Boston, which rallied from a 10-point deficit midway through the third quarter. Five players scored in double figures for the Celtics, which won its first game following a loss to Orlando Saturday that snapped a 14-game winning streak.  Kevin Garnett  added 11 points and a game-high 13 rebounds for Boston for his 14th double-double of the season. Brandon Rush  scored 17 points for Indiana, which shot 37.2 percent from the field en route to a sixth loss in the last eight games. The Celtics have won four consecutive games against Indiana. QUOTABLE:  "This was a tough game. This is just a tough place to play. You knew this would be a tough game. For us to grind it out was huge."    -- Celtics coach  Doc Rivers THE STAT:  The Celtics' bench registered 29 points and 14 rebounds, playing a key role in a 29-16 fourth-quarter that turned a one-point game at the end of the third quarter into a comfortable Celtics victory.  Glen Davis  scored six of his 14 points in the fourth quarter and  Marquis Daniels  scored four of his 12 points in the period. TURNING POINT:  With the Pacers' pressure defense troubling the Celtics at times in the first two and a half quarters, Indiana led 60-50 with just over half the third quarter remaining. An 8-0 run cut the lead to two, and and when Pierce made a 19-foot pull-up jump shot with 22.1 seconds remaining, the lead had dwindled to one entering the fourth quarter. The Celtics then outscored Indiana to 11-0 to start the fourth quarter. Over two periods, Boston outscored Indiana 27-7 to turn a 10-point deficit into a 10-point lead. QUOTABLE II:  "In the third quarter, we came out lethargic, but then we started to play aggressive. ... You always want to get back on track, especially after a tough loss. It feels like we've been on the road two weeks, even though we've only played two games in six days."    -- Pierce HOT:  Pierce shot 8-of-14 from the field -- 3-of-3 from 3-point range -- and Allen shot 7-of-11 from the field for Boston, which shot 50.7 from the field for the game. NOT: Danny Granger  scored 15 points for Indiana, but in what has been a season marked at times by inconsistency, the Pacers forward shot 5-of-21 and missed all six of his shots from 3-point range. He was 2-of-10 after halftime. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Daniels, who played three seasons with the Pacers -- 2006-2007 through 2008-2009 -- played a solid game in place of first  Rajon Rondo , then  Nate Robinson . Rivers said Daniels doesn't necessarily run the Boston offense at a breakneck pace, but he runs it consistently and the Celtics' offense responded Tuesday. He had five rebounds to go with 12 points on 6-of-10 shooting, and he also had four assists and two blocked shots. Rivers also said Daniels did a solid job guarding Pacers point guards  Darren Collison  and  T.J. Ford . "He was huge for us," River said. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Indianapolis Colts wide receiver  Reggie Wayne  -- named to his fifth consecutive Pro Bowl Tuesday -- attended the game, as did Colts middle linebacker  Gary Brackett . GOOD MOVE : With just over three minutes remaining, the Celtics led by eight points but the Pacers were threatening to make it a game. Rivers called timeout, after which Garnett and Allen scored back-to-back baskets to push the lead back to double-digits. Indiana continued to push the Celtics, but those two possessions helped the Celtics maintain momentum at a crucial time. NOTABLE:  Rondo missed a fifth consecutive game with a right ankle sprain. Reports are he may have a chance to return Friday against New Orleans. . . . Pacers forward  Mike Dunleavy  and Robinson bumped heads in the third quarter and each left the game. Dunleavy returned and Robinson did not. . . . Indiana made 20 of its first 44 shots, but just nine of 24 after that. . . . The Pacers have scored 94 or fewer points in seven of their last eight games. UP NEXT:  For the Celtics, Wednesday at Detroit, Friday vs. New Orleans, Sunday at Toronto. For the Pacers, Wednesday at Washington, Friday vs. Washington, Sunday at New York.  