  Heat-Trail Blazers notebook   By Kerry Eggers, for NBA.com Posted Monday January 10, 2011 1:03AM THE FACTS: LeBron James  scored 32 of his season-high 44 points after intermission and equalled his season high with 13 rebounds to lift Miami to a 107-100 overtime victory over the Trail Blazers. It was the ninth straight victory, the 13th straight road win and the 21st triumph in the last 22 games for the Heat (30-9), who also got 34 points from  Dwyane Wade . It snapped an eight-game home win streak for Portland (20-18). QUOTABLE:  "Early he did a nice job defending LeBron, making him work. Then in the second half, (James) goes nuts."    -- Portland coach  Nate McMillan  on  Nicolas Batum . THE STAT:  Miami shot 57 percent from the field and Portland shot only 42 percent, but the Blazers led 91-84 with less than two minutes to play in regulation. TURNING POINT:  With the Blazers in front by seven after  LaMarcus Aldridge 's basket with 1:46 remaining, they failed to score on three straight possessions. The Heat converted seven points over that duration to draw even. QUOTABLE II:  "I didn't want to jinx it pregame by saying something to my teammates, but every time he's played here, he's shot the ball well. It's like he saves all his jump shots for us."    -- Aldridge on James HOT:  James scored 11 points in the final three minutes of overtime to pull Miami even, then scored eight more in the extra session, going 6-for-6 from the field, including 3-for-3 from 3-point range. Wade was the guy early, hitting his first seven shots and scoring 15 of the Heat's first 19 points. NOT:  Portland's backcourt combined for only 8-for-29 shooting.  Wesley Matthews  was 6-for-20 and  Andre Miller  -- who missed a pair of jump shots in the closing seconds of regulation that could have won it -- was 2-for-9. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  James had video-game numbers -- 44 points on 17-for-26 from the field, 3-for-5 from 3-point range and 7-for-10 from the line, to go with 13 rebounds and six assists in 46 minutes. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Plenty of fans were decked in green and yellow garb, paying homage to the Oregon Ducks, who play Auburn in the BCS National Championship Game on Monday night. GOOD MOVE:  Batum had the defensive play of the game, a block of a driving James layup that brought down the house in the first quarter. BAD MOVE:  Miami chose to single-cover Aldridge with  Chris Bosh  most of the night. Portland's power forward went for 31 points, 14 rebounds and seven assists. NOTABLE:  The big three combined for 96 points; Miami's supporting cast a collective 11. UP NEXT:  For the Blazers, Tuesday vs. New York, Friday @ Phoenix, Saturday vs. New Jersey. For the Heat, Wednesday @ L.A. Clippers, Thursday @ Denver, Saturday @ Chicago  