  Heat-Magic notebook   By Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com Posted Friday February 4, 2011 12:37AM THE FACTS:   LeBron James  scored a season-high 51 points and the Miami Heat held off a desperate Orlando comeback in the final four minutes to win 104-100. James made his first 11 shots, nine of them from the outside, and the Heat led 90-67 after a long jumper by  Eddie House  with 7:40 remaining. Six 3-pointers helped the Magic cut Miami's lead to three and the Heat turned the ball over with 7.3 seconds left. But  Ryan Anderson  missed a 3-pointer, and  Dwyane Wade  clinched Miami's fourth straight victory with a free throw. Dwight Howard  played the entire game for Orlando, scoring 17 points and taking down 16 rebounds. QUOTABLE:  "I definitely was in a zone and felt like everything I put up was going to go in. I was happy that we were able to come out fast and get a lead on this team because we needed every point."   -- LeBron James. THE STAT:  James' 51 points marked a single-game high in the NBA this season, surpassing 47-point efforts by Oklahoma City's  Kevin Durant  and  Blake Griffin  of the Los Angeles Clippers. It was the ninth 50-point game of James' career. QUOTABLE II:  "His numbers say that he's a pretty mediocre jump shooter, and tonight he was a great jump shooter. We did a good job keeping him out of the paint."   -- Magic coach  Stan Van Gundy . TURNING POINT:  With Wade in the locker room and the Magic down by only seven points, Howard missed four straight free throws in the final 92 seconds of the third quarter while the Heat ran off nine straight points. "Dwight Howard's free-throw shooting has really just sucked the life out of this building," remarked TNT analyst  Steve Kerr . HOT:  James made all nine of his field-goal attempts in the first quarter, hitting eight perimeter jump shots and a layup, and also converted 5-for-6 free throws. NOT:  The Magic missed 15-for-31 free throws. Howard shot 3-for-13 from the line and  Gilbert Arenas  drew some boos from the sellout crowd after missing three straight. "Our free-throw shooting has been a major problem in a lot of close games," Van Gundy said. GOOD MOVE:  After a hard foul by Howard sent him crashing to the floor early in the third quarter, Wade made the free throws and then spent the rest of the third quarter in the locker room getting his back checked out. BAD MOVE:  Making his first start since early November in place of the injured  Brandon Bass , Anderson was called for two fouls in the first two minutes, the second coming on an unnecessary reach at  Chris Bosh . Anderson sat for 18 minutes and never got into a shooting rhythm until it was too late. QUOTABLE III:  "It was straight on, felt great coming off my hand, but it just didn't drop. Those shots really are painful to miss."   -- Ryan Anderson on the missed 3-point shot that could have tied the game in the closing seconds. NOTABLE:  The Magic have lost seven of their last 13 games . . .  Mike Miller  has come off the Miami bench for three double-digit rebound games in the Heat's last four games . . . The Heat had none of their shots blocked Thursday night, and have the fewest shots blocked (2.84 per game) of any NBA team by a wide margin. UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Friday @ Chartlotte, Sunday vs. L.A. Clippers, Tuesday vs. Indiana. For the Magic, Friday @ Washington, Sunday @ Boston, Tuesday vs. L.A. Clippers.  