  Hawks-Hornets notebook   By Bradley Handwerger, for NBA.com  Posted Sunday December 26, 2010 10:45PM THE FACTS:  The New Orleans Hornets held the Atlanta Hawks to 31 second-half points and won their second straight game, beating the Hawks 93-86 Sunday night.  Emeka Okafor  picked up his fourth straight double-double to help guide New Orleans (18-12) to its fourth win in the past six games. Atlanta fell to 19-13. QUOTABLE:  "If anybody has seen me play more it's Jarrett Jack. Like I said, we know each other sometimes better than we know ourselves. Anytime he tells me something, I'm going to listen."   -- New Orleans'   Chris Paul,  answering a question about what fellow guard Jack means to him. Jack told Paul to be more aggressive during the second half of the game. THE STAT:  Atlanta won three of its past four games by holding opponents to 89 or fewer points. That didn't continue Sunday as New Orleans surpassed the 89-point mark with 2:59 to go in the game and finished with 93. TURNING POINT:  New Orleans went to halftime down nine and discombobulated on offense. The Hornets proceeded to break out in the third quarter with a 17-4 run that gave them the lead and brought the crowd back into the game. QUOTABLE II:  "We gave up too many second-chance points and I think Okafor did a good job at keeping balls alive."   -- The Hawks'  Josh Smith,  referencing New Orleans' 20 second-chance points when asked about the difference in the game. HOT:  New Orleans' Paul was silent in the first half with only 4 points. But he scored 13 points in the third, including 11 of the team's final 15 points, and ended the night 10 of 17 for 22 points. He also picked up 8 assists. NOT:   Marco Belinelli  came to New Orleans with much fanfare for his outside shooting. Against Atlanta, he couldn't hit a jumper let alone a 3-pointer. He ended the game 0-for-6 and had 0 points. He was on the bench down the stretch, checking in with 13.7 seconds to play and the game in hand. GOOD MOVE:  Hornets coach  Monty Williams  earned his money Sunday when he made the decision to keep Belinelli on the bench in favor of Jack, who finished with 10 points. NOTABLE:  Hornets guard  Willie Green  is expected back after his sister and cousin died in a car crash Dec. 19 in Detroit after the Hornets lost on the road to the Pistons. Williams said he has remained in contact with Green but thinks getting back into a routine will help him. ... Atlanta's  Jamal Crawford  was active and played for the first time in six games, finishing with 10 points in 34 minutes ... With much being reported about the Hornets' attendance issues, Sunday's game drew 15,626 fans, the second-highest this season. UP NEXT : For the Hawks, Monday @ Milwaukee, Wednesday vs. Golden State, Friday @ Oklahoma City. For the Hornets, Monday @ Minnesota, Wednesday vs. L.A. Lakers, Friday @ Boston.  