  Celtics-Suns notebook   By Jonathan Dalton, for NBA.com Posted Saturday January 29, 2011 2:25AM THE FACTS:   Marcin Gortat  came off the bench to score a career-high 19 points and add 17 rebounds and the Phoenix Suns handed the Boston Celtics their worst loss of the season 88-71 Friday night. Vince Carter  added 17 points and  Steve Nash  had 13 and 10 assists for the Suns, who snapped a three-game losing streak and posted their third consecutive win over the Celtics.  Kevin Garnett  scored 18 points and  Paul Pierce  added 14, the only two players in double figures for a Boston squad that shot 34.2 percent from the floor in its lowest scoring game of the season. The Suns trailed for only 22 seconds, all in the first quarter, taking control of the game with an early 10-2 run paced by four points each from Gortat and  Jared Dudley . The Celtics trailed by as many as 18, their largest deficit of the season, before cutting the lead to nine, 78-69 on  Nate Robinson 's 20-footer with 5:29 left but could pull no closer. Shaquille O'Neal  returned to the starting lineup after missing three games with a sore hip and Pierce started despite a thigh bruise. Boston lost  Glen Davis  for the second half after he strained his right hamstring in the second quarter. QUOTABLE:  "That happens all the time, guys poking you in the midsection. If that's what got him upset, he's a really tough guy."   -- Celtics coach  Doc Rivers  on  Channing Frye 's objecting to being fouled in the groin by Garnett. THE STAT:  The Celtics, who arrived in Phoenix at 4 a.m. after playing in Portland on Thursday, showed the effects during a disjointed first quarter. Boston shot 7-of-18, turned the ball over six times and watched two of their four big men, O'Neal and  Kendrick Perkins , pick up two fouls each in the game's first seven minutes. TURNING POINT:  The Celtics finally were gaining traction, cutting a 17-point deficit after three quarters to nine just past midway in the fourth, but then the rally unraveled. Garnett fouled Frye on a 3-point attempt with 4:07, hitting Frye's groin with a backhanded slap. Frye jumped up, words were exchanged, Garnett was ejected and Robinson and Perkins each picked up technicals resulting in six free throws that stretched an 80-69 lead to 84-69, effectively sealing the game. QUOTABLE II:  "We always heard the Suns were soft. We're not soft,. I'm going to make sure when we come out on the floor, we come out hard."   --  Mickael Pietrus , who earned a flagrant one for hitting Garnett in the jaw while fighting through a screen, beginning the first of two scuffles between the teams. HOT:  Suns centers  Robin Lopez  and Gortat combined for 30 points and 20 rebounds. NOT:  The Celtics' quartet of bigs- - O'Neal, Davis, Perkins and  Semih Erden  -- combined for only 11 points and 12 rebounds. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Suns owner  Robert Sarver  was more animated than usual, jumping out of his seat when Gortat hit a 3-pointer at the first-quarter buzzer and standing and waving goodbye to Garnett when he was ejected. NOTABLE:  Phoenix has held three opponents to 75 points or fewer this season, the most since the 2002-03 team accomplished the feat five times. Boston's 71 points were the fewest allowed by Phoenix since March 23, 2001 against Philadelphia. UP NEXT:  For the Celtics, Sunday at L.A. Lakers, Tuesday at Sacramento, Friday vs. Dallas. For the Suns, Sunday vs. New Orleans, Wednesday vs. Milwaukee, Friday vs. Oklahoma City.  