  Clippers-Warriors notebook   By Geoff Lepper, for NBA.com Posted Monday December 26, 2011 2:27AM THE FACTS: Chris Paul  scored 20 points, eight in the final four minutes, and dealt nine assists in his debut with the Los Angeles Clippers to propel them to a 105-86 victory against the Golden State Warriors on Sunday.  Blake Griffin  added a game-high 22 points and seven rebounds to help ruin  Mark Jackson's  maiden voyage as the Warriors' head coach.  Chauncey Billups , also playing his first game as a Clipper, collected 21 points despite missing 13 of 19 shots and  DeAndre Jordan  -- who signed an offer sheet with the Warriors earlier this month before having it matched by the Clippers -- swatted a career-best eight shots.  David Lee  led Golden State with 21 points and 12 rebounds. QUOTABLE:  "Everybody has their jobs. . . . It was a team effort tonight, but Chris took the game over when he had to."   --  Clippers coach  Vinny Del Negro. THE STAT:  After a painfully off-kilter first half (33.3 percent shooting from the floor) dominated by Billups' gunning, the Clippers predominantly put the ball in Paul's hands after intermission. He responded with seven assists and Los Angeles went 23-for-39 (59 percent) in the second half. TURNING POINT:  The Warriors were continuing to hang around a game they had little business winning, trailing by seven points with 4 minutes to go, when Paul grabbed the spotlight and wouldn't let it go. The four-time All-Star drained jumpers on three straight possessions while Golden State's attack fumbled away any remaining chance they had. Paul's driving layup with 50.4 seconds remaining put the Clippers up by 19. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT: Mo Williams  may be the odd man out in the Clippers' crowded backcourt, but he isn't going quietly. The former All-Star put together eight points, three rebounds, three assists and two steals in 22 minutes Sunday. HOT:  On a night where precious few players were finding the mark, Warriors center  Andris Biedrins  was a surprising force for Golden State, scoring 10 points on 5-for-5 shooting and grabbing eight rebounds. NOT:  The Warriors chose to keep  Stephen Curry  rather than discuss including him as the centerpiece for a deal that would have netted them Chris Paul from New Orleans. It didn't look like the smart decision -- in the short term, at least -- when Curry, playing through a sprained right ankle, combined with backcourt mate  Monta Ellis  to go 8-for-31 from the floor. The pair created 12 assists against nine turnovers. QUOTABLE II:  "Not every game's going to be alley-oops left and right. If it's like this every game and we get a win? We'll take it."   --  Blake Griffin ROOKIE WATCH:  Warriors owner  Joe Lacob  is of the mind that Golden State guard  Klay Thompson  could win Rookie of the Year honors, but the former Washington State gunner didn't bolster his credentials Sunday, debuting with four straight misses before finally sinking a 3-pointer late in the third quarter. Thompson finished with seven points on 2-for-8 shooting with a pair of turnovers. NOTABLE: Caron Butler,  another new Clippers starter, produced 11 points, 10 boards, four assists and one stupendous highlight, swishing a high-arcing teardrop floater from behind the backboard after being hip-checked by Biedrins along the baseline. . . .  Brandon Rush , traded from Indiana to Golden State last week, had 12 points and two blocks in 28 key minutes off the bench. . . . The Warriors are opening with a back-to-back set for the first time in a decade. They were swept in their last four such sets, so that doesn't bode well for their game Monday against the Bulls. UP NEXT:  For the Warriors, Monday vs. Chicago, Wednesday vs. New York, Saturday vs. Philadelphia. For the Clippers, Wednesday @ San Antonio, Friday vs. Chicago, Sunday vs. Portland  