Notebook: Nets 114, Cavaliers 101 
 
 
 Jake Appleman, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Nov 13, 2012 11:24 PM - Updated Tue Nov 13, 2012 11:24 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:  For the third straight home game, the Brooklyn Nets built a 20-point lead. For the second straight game, they didn't let it get away.  
 Boosted by superlative performances from  Deron Williams  (26 points, 10 assists) and the team's bench, the Nets beat the Cavaliers 114-101 at Barclays Center.  Brook Lopez  pitched in 23 points and  Joe Johnson  (25 points, six assists) caught fire late to seal the victory.  
 Struggling at the end of a six-game road trip, an unreal start from  Anderson Varejao  (a career-high 35 points, 18 rebounds) and point guard pyrotechnics from  Kyrie Irving  (34 points, eight assists) were not enough for the Cavaliers, although Irving and Varejao made their case as an in-style NBA JAM tandem.  
 
 QUOTABLE:   "It's better to try and figure out how you can correct, when you're having 20-point leads than to be 20 points down." 

 -- Nets coach  Avery Johnson 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Nets had 23 fast-break points to just eight for the Cavaliers.  
 
 TURNING POINT:   Varejao checked out with 1:23 remaining in the first quarter, allowing the Nets an easier time on offense and providing much needed relief for their over-matched interior defense. The Nets' second unit then reeled off a 24-6 run, staking the Nets to a 14-point lead.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I was just trying to be active and tried to be aggressive on offense." 

 -- Varejao 
 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "He's got the ball on a string. When he's in the pick-and-roll situation, it's very tough for our big men to get out and show on him because he's so good at splitting, and he's quick."  

 -- Williams, on Irving as a tough cover 
 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  Tuesday's encounter featured arguably the most entertaining basketball that Barclays Center has played host to yet. Williams made plenty of nifty plays matched up against Irving, whose imitation of a crafty water bug delighted ...  CC Sabathia  of the Yankees, former New York Giant  Michael Strahan , baseball Hall-of-Famer  Eddie Murray , hip hop industry figure  Irv Gotti , and talk show host  Jimmy Fallon  attended the game. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH: Dion Waiters  (3-for-16) suffered through a horrible shooting night for the Cavs.   
 
 NOTABLE:  Varejao scored 17 of the Cavs' first 28 first-quarter points on 7-for- shooting, to go along with seven rebounds. ... The Nets missed their first 13 3-pointers. ... The Cavaliers scored 64 points in the paint.  Avery Johnson praised the energy and pick-and-roll defense of reserves  Andray Blatche  (13 points) and  Reggie Evans  (eight rebounds) after a significant chunk of that damage was done in the first quarter...  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Cavaliers, Saturday vs. Dallas, Sunday @ Philadelphia, Nov. 21 vs. Philadelphia. For the Nets, Thursday vs. Boston, Sunday @ Sacramento, Tuesday @ L.A. Lakers. 
