  Notebook: Warriors 111, Kings 108 Posted Sunday March 25, 2012 2:16AM By Geoff Lepper, for NBA.com THE FACTS: Klay Thompson  scored a career-high 31 points, only the second 30-point game by an NBA rookie this season, and  David Lee  came within one assist of a triple-double as the Golden State Warriors made one fewer mistake down the stretch to outlast the Sacramento Kings 111-108 Saturday night. Lee finished with 22 points, 14 rebounds and nine assists while Golden State's bench combined for 40 points, led by  Brandon Rush 's 11. DeMarcus Cousins  led Sacramento with a season-high-tying 28 points and 18 rebounds, but the Kings committed six turnovers in the final 3:20 to fumble away their chances at a fourth win in five games. QUOTABLE:  "We made some mistakes, but at least we fought through it and overcame adversity. We've got to keep doing that if we want to make a nice little run here."   -- Thompson THE STAT:  Sacramento is not a particularly accomplished 3-point shooting team, ranking 25th in the league at 32.0 percent before Saturday's game, but the Kings killed their own chances against the Warriors with a 1-for-15 performance (6.7 percent) from behind the arc. TURNING POINT:  Golden State was desperately clinging to a 109-108 lead with 14.3 seconds to go, but the Warriors were out of timeouts, and when Lee couldn't find a target for his inbounds pass, Sacramento gained possession via the five-second call. The Kings entrusted point guard  Isaiah Thomas  with the ball on their final possession, and they got their desired matchup when Lee switched with  Dominic McGuire  on Sacramento's high pick-and-roll action. But Thomas got too eager, and when he tried to crossover to his dominant left hand, he dribbled the ball off his own leg and out of bounds at the 4.7-second mark. Lee found  Richard Jefferson  with a length-of-the-court pass on the ensuing inbounds play to give Golden State a clinching dunk.  Tyreke Evans ' desperation 3-pointer at the buzzer was offline. QUOTABLE II:  "Even after David Lee got the five-second call, we were in the huddle saying, 'It's OK. It's alright. Let's get this stop.' That's what winning teams do. It's easy to point the finger and to say, 'Why didn't you cut? Why didn't you come to the ball? Why didn't you toss it inbounds?' The dialogue in that huddle was, 'OK, let's get a stop.'"   -- Warriors coach  Mark Jackson HOT:  Thompson shredded the Kings through the first three quarters, scoring all 31 of his points while shooting 10-for-16 to that point. He missed all four attempts in the fourth quarter and fell just one point shy of Cleveland point guard  Kyrie Irving 's 32-point performance against New Jersey on Jan. 27, which is the most by an NBA rookie this season. GOOD MOVE:  After Cousins ran roughshod over the Warriors' makeshift three-rookie rotation at center --  Jeremy Tyler  starting, backed up by recent D-League signees  Mickell Gladness  and  Keith Benson  -- Jackson threw a zone with a soft double-team at Cousins in the fourth quarter. Cousins was held to just two points in the period as a result. QUOTABLE III:  "It's tough to deal with. We fought the whole game to stay in the game. We've just got to be smarter down the stretch."   -- Cousins FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Third-string Warriors point guard  Charles Jenkins , pressed into heavy second-half duty after  Nate Robinson  checked out late in the second quarter because of a strained right hamstring, had eight points and three assists. The team said Robinson, who was hurt 1:02 before halftime, is considered day-to-day. Jenkins is expected to start Sunday in Portland if Robinson cannot go. ROOKIE WATCH:  Thomas wound up with 12 points, five assists, two steals and two turnovers for the Kings. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Warriors season-ticket holder  Omar Ortega  of Hayward swished a halfcourt heave during a promotion between the third and fourth quarters, earning himself $10,000 in the process and a roaring ovation from the Oracle Arena crowd of 19,596. Perhaps the most amazing part? Just before the half-court attempt, Ortega had badly airballed a 3-point try that was worth $2,000. NOTABLE:  Kings forward  Jason Thompson , who averaged 17.6 points and 13.6 rebounds per game over his previous five games, sat out due to a sprained left ankle. ...  Terrence Williams , signed by the Kings to a 10-day contract Wednesday, made his Sacramento debut with five points and two rebounds, but made a critical turnover with 15.6 seconds left, botching what should have been a fast-break layup and losing the ball out of bounds instead. ... Evans was back in Sacramento's starting lineup after two games off the bench, while he worked back into shape following a sprained left ankle. ... Most observers are assuming that Golden State point guard  Stephen Curry  will miss the remainder of the season to rest his oft-injured right ankle, but Warriors general manager  Larry Riley  is still holding out hope for a return. Riley told reporters that Curry met Thursday in Southern California with renowned ankle specialist  Dr. Richard Ferkel  to confirm the club's existing diagnosis and provide advice on how to proceed with Curry's rehabilitation. Riley said it would be "healthy" for Curry to come back, even if only for a few games, "to prove to himself and put his own mind at ease" that the situation has finally been taken care of. However, Riley reiterated that the club will not put Curry back on the floor until their team doctors are fully convinced he's 100 percent healthy. UP NEXT:  For the Warriors, Sunday @ Portland, Tuesday vs. Lakers, Wednesday vs. New Orleans. For the Kings, Monday @ Houston, Wednesday vs. San Antonio, Friday @ Utah.  