  Pistons-Rockets notebook   By Matt Miller, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday December 7, 2010 11:59PM THE FACTS:   Luis Scola  scored a season-high 35 points and grabbed 12 rebounds to lead the Houston Rockets to their fourth straight home victory, 97-83, over the Detroit Pistons on Tuesday at Toyota Center. Kyle Lowry  matched his career high with 12 assists and put up 22 points for Houston (8-13), while  Kevin Martin  added 21 points -- 14 of which came from the free-throw line. Rodney Stuckey  scored 18 points on 6-for-14 shooting to lead Detroit (7-15), which has dropped its last six road games. QUOTABLE:  "It takes pressure off everybody when we can go to a play and have [Scola] making 17 and 18-footers consistently."   --  Kyle Lowry  on how  Luis Scola 's scorching shooting effort affected his teammates in Tuesday's game. THE STAT:  Lowry and Scola caught fire in the second half, shooting a combined 13-for-18 (72.2 percent) from the floor. TURNING POINT:  Detroit held a 43-34 advantage with 5:54 left in the second quarter before the Rockets closed the first half on a 20-2 run. The Pistons self-destructed during this stretch, missing nine consecutive shots to go with four turnovers and a double-technical foul. HOT:  Lowry isn't known for his outside range, but he has found a shooting rhythm from 3-point land over his last four games. Including Tuesday's 4-for-6 performance from behind the arc, the Rockets' point guard has connected on 11 of his last 17 attempts. NOT:  Pistons guard  Richard Hamilton  failed to build upon his season-high 27-point performance Sunday against Cleveland. He shot 3-for-9 from the field before he was ejected with 36.4 seconds left in the second quarter for arguing with the referees about a foul call on  Tracy McGrady . FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Scola stayed on pace to become the first Argentinean-born NBA player to average 20 points over the course of a season with his 16-for-25 shooting effort Tuesday. With nine of the Rockets' 11 remaining games this month coming against teams with losing records, fantasy owners should look for Scola to continue posting favorable numbers. INSIDE THE ARENA:  McGrady didn't receive a warm welcome from the Rocket faithful in his first game at Toyota Center since Houston traded him to the New York Knicks. Although some members of the announced crowd of 14,798 cheered for McGrady when he entered the game for the first time in the opening quarter, most showered him with boos. McGrady scored 11 points, grabbed three rebounds, distributed three assists and committed three turnovers in 22-plus minutes of action. QUOTABLE II:  "It wasn't really as strange as I thought it would be. ... I'm never surprised when I come back. You never know what to expect. Cheers or boos or whatever."   -- McGrady on his return to Houston BAD MOVE:  The Pistons' defense failed to consistently pressure or rotate toward Scola when he drifted away from the basket, allowing him to knock down several wide-open mid-range jumpers. ROOKIE WATCH:   Greg Monroe  delivered another solid performance off the bench for Detroit. The rookie from Georgetown scored seven points, pulled down three rebounds, and stole the ball twice in a little less than 25 minutes on the court. NOTABLE:  The Pistons'  Charlie Villanueva  missed Tuesday's game due to a personal matter. Lowry equaled career highs in 3-pointers (four), assists (12), and steals (six). ... Detroit picked up four technical fouls in Tuesday's contest. ... The Pistons are 0-4 this season when playing on Tuesday. ... Detroit is 2-10 on the road this season. ... The Rockets won for only the second time this season when scoring less than 100 points. ... Houston has won five in a row over Detroit at Toyota Center. ... The Rockets have shot 50 percent or better from 3-point range in four of their last eight games. UP NEXT:  For the Pistons, Wednesday @ New Orleans, Friday @ Minnesota, Saturday vs. Toronto. For the Rockets, Friday @ Milwaukee, Saturday vs. Cleveland, Tuesday vs. Sacramento.  