  Notebook: Rockets 113, Kings 106 Posted Tuesday March 27, 2012 12:48AM By Matt Miller, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The Houston Rockets narrowly dodged what would have been one of their most disappointing and devastating losses of the season. Patrick Patterson  scored a career-high 24 points on 10-for-16 shooting,  Luis Scola  scored 18 points and grabbed a season-high-tying 14 rebounds and  Chandler Parsons  finished with 16 points, eight rebounds and five assists as the Rockets erased an eight-point fourth-quarter deficit and outlasted the Sacramento Kings for a 113-106 overtime victory Monday at Toyota Center. Four other players scored in double figures for Houston (27-23), which has won three of its last four games to keep pace with the Utah Jazz and Denver Nuggets in the Western Conference playoff race. DeMarcus Cousins , Patterson's collegiate teammate for one year at the University of Kentucky, scored a career-high 38 points to go with 14 boards to pace the Kings (17-32).  Marcus Thornton  netted 27 points, and  Tyreke Evans  collected a career-best six steals for Sacramento, which has lost five consecutive road games to fall to 4-22 away from home this season. The short-handed Rockets received quite a scare as  Marcus Camby  (left wrist sprain) and  Goran Dragic  (right ankle sprain) went down with injuries, but both said that X-rays showed no serious damage. They expect to play in Tuesday's game in Dallas. QUOTABLE:  "That's the Patrick we need to see all the time. He was just fantastic."  --  Houston head coach  Kevin McHale  on Patterson's performance THE STAT:  The Rockets' bench, which had been outscored by an average of 38.4-26.6 over Houston's previous seven games, outscored the Kings' reserves 47-13. Only one of the four Rockets' backups who appeared in Monday's contest -- Camby -- finished with less than 10 points, but he snatched seven rebounds and blocked two shots. TURNING POINT:  The Rockets ripped off an 11-2 run to grab a 93-92 lead with less than two minutes remaining in the fourth quarter and set up an exciting finish. With less than 20 seconds left to play, Thornton converted a difficult flip shot in the lane to give Sacramento a 99-97 advantage. Patterson responded with a jumper from the top of the free-throw circle to tie the game at 99. Thornton tried to provide the heroics for the Kings, but his 3-point attempt at the end of regulation bounced off the rim and into Dragic's hands. TURNING POINT II:  Sacramento demonstrated poor shot selection over the first three minutes of overtime, while Houston used penetration and ball movement to create great looks at the basket and build a 106-101 lead. That proved to be more than enough breathing room for the Rockets as Sacramento failed to make another field goal until there were less than 30 seconds left in the extra session. QUOTABLE II:  "We got away from what we were doing well. We've got to be able to handle adversity as a team. You have to hold your composure when teams make runs, and everyone has to stay together to play together. ... We made too many mistakes at the wrong time. We've got to keep this team understanding that numbers don't mean a thing if you're not winning."  --  Kings head coach  Keith Smart  on what went wrong down the stretch for Sacramento. GOOD MOVE:  The Rockets fell behind by 16 early in the game as they attempted to operate off the dribble too often, leading to poor shot selection, turnovers and numerous Sacramento fast-break opportunities. But Houston regained its composure in the second half, handing out 17 assists on 24 baskets while shooting 63.2 percent (24-for-38). HOT:  Thornton has posted impressive numbers across the board over his last six games, averaging 25.0 points, 4.3 rebounds, 3.3 assists and 2.3 steals during this stretch. Thornton has now poured in at least 20 points in 22 games this season. NOT:  Rockets guard  Chase Budinger , who finished Monday's game 4-for-11 from the field, has shot 29.8 percent (14-for-47) overall in his last five games. NOTABLE:  Kings forward  Jason Thompson  (sprained left ankle) was a late scratch after feeling soreness during warm-ups, but he said he expects to return to Sacramento's starting lineup Wednesday against San Antonio. ... Sacramento guard  John Salmons  left the game during the second quarter with a sore right hip and did not return. He will be re-evaluated Tuesday. ...  Earl Boykins , who signed a 10-day contract with Houston on Monday, finished with 10 points, five assists and three turnovers in his Rockets debut. ... Houston is expected to sign rookie guard  Courtney Fortson  to another 10-day contact. Fortson's first 10-day contract with the Rockets ended after Monday's game. ... Cousins picked up his league-leading 10th technical foul of the season with 3:35 left in the second quarter. ... Camby drilled a length-of-the-court shot at the conclusion of the third period, but video confirmed that Camby released the shot after the clock hit zero. ... The Kings have dropped six of their last seven meetings with the Rockets. ... Sacramento fell to 3-16 this season when it attempts fewer free throws than its opponent. ... After scoring the first basket of the game, Houston never led again until 3:33 remained in regulation. ... The Rockets improved to 4-18 when trailing after three quarters. ... Houston has not won a game this March when scoring less than 104 points. UP NEXT:  For the Kings, Wednesday vs. San Antonio (NBA TV), Friday @ Utah, Saturday vs. New Jersey (NBA TV). For the Rockets, Tuesday @ Dallas, Friday vs. Memphis, Sunday vs. Indiana.  