Notebook: Wizards 106, Pistons 82 
 
 
 Benjamin Standig, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Dec 29, 2013 12:15 AM - Updated Sun Dec 29, 2013 12:17 AM 
 
 THE FACTS:  The Wizards snapped a seven-game losing streak to the Pistons. Washington's previous win in the series came Feb. 12, 2012, at Detroit 
 
 THE LEAD:   John Wall  scored 18 of his 20 points in the first half and finished with 11 assists as the Washington Wizards pulled away in the second quarter for a 106-82 victory over the Detroit Pistons on Saturday night.  Bradley Beal  had 15 points one night after fears of a knee injury  
 
 Marcin Gortat  had 16 points and  Trevor Ariza  15 for the Wizards (13-14), who took control with a 20-4 run over the final 6:11 of the first half. Washington led 62-41 at halftime and by 28 points in the fourth quarter en route to its most lopsided victory of the season. The rout came one night after the Wizards' worst loss of the season, 120-98 at the Timberwolves. 
 
 Greg Monroe  scored 14 points and  Brandon Jennings  had 13 for the Pistons, who were outrebounded 46-38.  Josh Smith  scored four points in 18 minutes, but did not play in the second half. 
 Beal had to be carried off the court in Friday's loss.  An MRI on Saturday revealed the second-year guard suffered only a bruised knee during a collision in the game's final minutes. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "The doc told me it was nothing but a little bone bruise. It's going to take a little bit more than that to keep me from playing. It didn't hurt at all tonight so that's a good thing."  --  Bradley Beal  on his injury 
 
 THE STAT:  The Pistons matched their season-high with 23 turnovers, which the Wizards turned into 25 points. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Washington led 42-37 before Wall sank four straight free throws midway through the second quarter. Later in the period, the Wizards point guard and Beal scored the team's final six baskets while the Pistons went the final 4:53 without a point. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I mean it's unfair because like I told you before I play the game hard each and every day. I mean I'm in a gracious opportunity just to be able to play my dream. When I was younger, I played this game for free year around. This is what I love to do so why wouldn't I want to come out here and try to put my best before the team every time I step out on the court." 
 --  Josh Smith , asked if he felt he was being singled out by Pistons coach  Maurice Cheeks 
 
 
 HOT:  After missing his first three field-goal attempts, Beal sank four straight during the decisive second quarter run, including two 3-pointers. 
 
 NOT:  Jennings missed eight of 10 shots in the first half and finished 4-for-13 overall with seven turnovers. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Wizards coach  Randy Wittman  kept  Trevor Booker  in the starting lineup. Playing against the Pistons' imposing front line, the rugged forward finished with 10 points and nine rebounds. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  In the context of catching the Wizards, Cheeks   sitting Smith. Detroit didn't have its best offense from the start. Without their second-leading scorer, the Pistons produced only 41 points in the second half. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "We got back a little bit of our identity that I thought we lost last night coming out of the Christmas break. I thought we right from the jump ball took the fight to them in a physical manner that we didn't at all last night."  
 --  Randy Wittman  on the Wizards' effort after Friday's loss at Minnesota 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  Ariza made four 3-pointers and Washington shot 9-for-19 from beyond the arc. ... Wizards big man  Nene  came off the bench for a fourth straight game since returning from a foot injury. It was Nene Bobblehead Night at the Verizon Center. ...  Will Bynum  and  Josh Harrellson  each scored 10 points for the Pistons. ... Washington honored the late  Nelson Mandela  during a pregame ceremony. Wall, Monroe and Wizards team owner  Ted Leonsis  presented gifts to  Swati  and  Zaziwe Mandela , the granddaughters of the former South African president.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Pistons, Monday vs. Washington, January 5 @ Memphis, January 7 vs. New York.  For the Wizards: Monday @ Detroit, Wednesday vs. Dallas, Friday vs. Toronto. 
