  Magic-Raptors notebook   By Holly J. MacKenzie, for NBA.com Posted Sunday April 3, 2011 10:15PM THE FACTS:  On Sunday evening the Toronto Raptors shocked the Orlando Magic, 102-98. Playing without starters  Andrea Bargnani  and  Jose Calderon , the Raptors outhustled the Magic as the crowd booed former Raptor, Hedo Turkoglu every step of the way." . The Raptors were led by  DeMar DeRozan's  24 points while  Jerryd Bayless  had his second strong game starting in place of Calderon, finishing with 23 points and eight assists. QUOTABLE:  "One team played harder than the other team, so they won and they deserved to win. I can understand our guys being tired at the end, but we weren't ready to play in the first quarter. They wanted to win and we didn't care and so they won."   --  Stan Van Gundy  summing up why the Raptors were victorious. THE STAT:  While the Raptors outrebounded the Magic, 48-30, the numbers on the offensive glass are even more shocking. Toronto had 15 offensive boards to Orlando's seven. That's 15 extra chances to score. Toronto also shot 51 percent for the game as the Magic struggled to get stops and rebounds, especially down the stretch as Toronto had more offensive rebounds (five) than Orlando had defensive (four) in the fourth quarter. TURNING POINT:  When the Magic rested  Dwight Howard  at the 11:46 mark of the fourth quarter, they were leading by eight. When he returned to the game four minutes later, their lead had evaporated and the Raptors were ahead by one. Without Howard's presence inside, the Raptors attacked the hoop and were rewarded with five layups before the Magic's MVP returned to the floor. For the rest of the fourth quarter the game was close, but Toronto found ways to turn missed shots into extra possessions by grabbing offensive rebounds and hustling for loose balls. QUOTABLE II:  "It's a little ridiculous that we can't even let Dwight [Howard] get a drink of water, but that's the way it is. When he leaves, we have no defense and today we had very little offense. It's crazy; we should be able to take him out to get a drink of water."   --  Stan Van Gundy on his team's effort in the third quarter when Howard went to the bench. HOT:  Jerryd Bayless has started in Jose Calderon's place in Toronto's last two games. After scoring 26 points and dishing eight assists against the Chicago Bulls on Saturday night, Bayless was solid again on Sunday, scoring 23 points on 7-for-14 shooting to go with eight assists. NOT: Jason Richardson  scored 13 points, but needed 13 shots to get them. He pulled down just two rebounds and only recorded one assists while turning the ball over twice. With only nine available players, the Magic needed more from Richardson. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Members of the Toronto Blue Jays attended the game and took part in a promotion during a timeout as they fired autographed basketballs and t-shirts into the crowd. NOTABLE:  The Magic were without  Gilbert Arenas  (flu-like symptoms),  Chris Duhon  (sprained thumb) and  J.J. Redick  (strained abdominal).  Reggie Evans  hauled down 17 rebounds, his eighth time this season grabbing 15 or more boards. The Raptors bench outscored Orlando, 34-9. Toronto's reserves were led by  Leandro Barbosa  and his 14 points. Dwight Howard scored a game-high 31 points to go with nine rebounds in his 39 minutes. UP NEXT:  For the Magic, Tuesday vs. Milwaukee, Wednesday @ Charlotte and Sunday vs. Chicago. For the Raptors, Tuesday @ New York, Wednesday vs. Cleveland and Friday @ Philadelphia.  