Notebook: Warriors 99, Celtics 97 
 
 
 Geoff Lepper, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Jan 11, 2014 2:28 AM - Updated Sat Jan 11, 2014 2:28 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Warriors have played a league-high 16 games decided by four points or less. They are 8-8 in those contests, 17-6 in other situations. 
 
 THE LEAD: Stephen Curry  scored 19 points -- including a game-winning jumper with 2.1 seconds left -- with seven rebounds and four assists as the Golden State Warriors beat the Boston Celtics 99-97 on Friday night at Oracle Arena. 
 Curry stepped away from Celtics center  Kris Humphries , who was defending the point guard on a switch, and drained a pull-up 21-footer on the left wing to break the seventh tie of the game. 
 
 Andre Iguodala  had 22 points and seven assists, carrying the Warriors in the fourth quarter to help Golden State (25-14) secure its 11th win in 12 games. 
 
 Jeff Green  scored a game-high 24 points for Boston (13-24), but lost his dribble after catching the inbounds pass on the Celtics' final possession.  Gerald Wallace  scooped up the loose ball, but his desperation heave from the right wing was well long and crashed off the glass, extending Boston's season-worst losing streak to seven straight games. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "Not a good feeling."  
 -- Celtics coach  Brad Stevens  on seeing the ball in Curry's hands on the Warriors' final possession 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Celtics outshot the Warriors in all three categories, and won the rebounding battle as well. But Golden State scratched out a 13-4 edge in fast break points during the second half -- including six on back-to-back possessions -- to help build a 13-point cushion with 10:32 remaining. The Warriors needed every one of those points to hang on in the end. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Curry might have hit the game-winner, but he wouldn't have been in position to claim a victory without the work of Iguodala, who played a massive role in the fourth quarter, delivering six points, three rebounds, two assists and two steals. Overall, Iguodala was 9-for-14 from the floor, while the rest of the tired Warriors shot 37.2 percent. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I loved the fact that he was more aggressive offensively tonight, a night where other guys didn't really have it. He carried us for a great stretch in that game. No secret. Once again, that's why we brought him here. The things he does on the floor on a night-in, night-out basis, you can't put a price tag on it."  
 -- Warriors coach  Mark Jackson  on Iguodala 
 
 
 HOT:  The Warriors' bench, which has been a recurring sore point this season, was having another dismal performance before  Marreese Speights  checked in with 4:36 remaining in the third quarter. The big man proceeded to score the Warriors' last nine points in the period, keying a 9-3 run that carried them to a five-point lead heading into the fourth. Speights finished with 13 points, his second-highest total of the season. 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Boston's  Jared Sullinger  came into Oracle Arena shooting 28.9 percent from the floor in the Celtics' last eight games, losing his starting spot to Humphries in the process. But Stevens said Sullinger would still get a chance early, and he made the most of it, exploding in the first half for a game-high 16 points -- including a pair of 3-pointers -- and eight rebounds. He finished with 21 points and 11 boards, his fifth 20/10 game this season. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Green had a monster first quarter, including a baseline dunk on struggling Warriors forward  Harrison Barnes , then another swooping move down the right baseline for circus-style reverse layup. He would score 11 of Boston's first 19 points. . . .  Curry, set free at halfcourt by a one-touch pass from  David Lee , glided in at the 9:11 mark of the first quarter and delivered his first dunk of the season -- a two-handed job on the right side of the rim. . . . With a 2-for-6 night, Warriors center  Andrew Bogut  saw his streak of games shooting 50 percent or better end at 26 contests. . . . Golden State forward  Draymond Green  was elbowed in the mouth on the last play before halftime. He played 13 minutes in the second half after getting nine stitches close the gash, scoring three points with two rebounds and two assists in that time. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Celtics, Saturday @ Portland, Monday vs. Houston, Wednesday vs. Toronto. For the Warriors, Wednesday vs. Denver, Friday @ Oklahoma City, Saturday @ New Orleans. 
