  Pistons-Sixers notebook   By Andy Jasner, for NBA.com Posted Friday February 25, 2011 10:22PM THE FACTS:   Thaddeus Young  scored 24 points off the bench and  Andre Iguodala  had 21 points as the 76ers reached the .500 mark for the first time all season at 29-29 with a 110-94 victory over the Detroit Pistons on Friday.  Elton Brand  contributed 20 points and 17 rebounds and the Sixers won their third straight. The Pistons went with a slim six-man rotation after five players skipped Friday's shootaround. Five players --  Chris Wilcox ,  Richard Hamilton ,  Tayshaun Prince ,  Tracy McGrady  and  Ben Wallace  -- missed the shootaround while  Rodney Stuckey  and  Austin Daye  arrived toward the end after missing the team bus. Prince never appeared on the team bench for the game while McGrady went back to the locker room and came back out in the first half. Will Bynum  led the Pistons with a season-high 29 points while  Charlie Villanueva  scored 17 points. But the Pistons only had so much energy playing six guys. QUOTABLE:  "I got DNP CDs for a month and a half. You think I was turning down 48 minutes?"   -- Will Bynum on playing the entire game THE STAT:  The Sixers shot 52 percent from the field, marking the sixth time over the past nine games they have shot 50 percent or better and the 11th time since the start of January, a span of 25 games. Philadelphia has shot 50 percent or better in each of the past three games, which is tied for their longest streak since a four-game stint from March 1-9, 2008. TURNING POINT:  Iguodala threw down consecutive rim-rattling dunks, extending the Sixers' lead to 90-76 with 9:38 remaining. HOT:  Young was 12-for-15 from the field while showing off a variety of moves into the lane. NOT:   Ben Gordon  scored 16 points, but he was 6-for-17 and 0-for-2 from beyond the arc. QUOTABLE II:  " Jason Maxiell  is 290 pounds and Elton Brand moved him right out. There's no way I should have been kicked out of that game. Of all the games I've ever coached, I shouldn't have been kicked out of this game."   -- Pistons coach  John Kuester  on being ejected with three minutes remaining in the first half FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Iguodala looked relaxed following the NBA trade deadline and his stat line showed it: 21 points, 11 assists and seven rebounds. He was stellar in every aspect. INSIDE THE ARENA:  The Sixers have been playing very good basketball and that was evident by the crowd at the Wells Fargo Center. Much of the upper level sections were filled -- not bad for a Friday night against the struggling Pistons. QUOTABLE III:  "It's a game we had to win. It was a scary game. They had turmoil over there. We knew we had to come out and play and had to get the win."   -- Elton Brand on the victory GOOD MOVE:   Jrue Holiday  handled the ball most of the time when he was at point guard, though Iguodala had played a good bit of point forward recently. Holiday played with a lot of confidence, which is something coach  Doug Collins  has noticed. Holiday wound up with a double-double -- 12 points and 10 assists. BAD MOVE:  The depleted Pistons might not have been so thin if five players didn't skip the Friday morning shootaround. They clearly got tired by the end of the game going with only a six-man rotation. ROOKIE WATCH:   Evan Turner , the Sixers' No. 2 overall pick from Ohio State, scored two points in 12 minutes.  Greg Monroe  had 16 points and 11 rebounds in a starting role for the Pistons. NOTABLE:  Kuester was ejected with a pair of technicals with three minutes remaining in the first half. Maxiell appeared to be pushed by Brand under the basket and Kuester was looking for a whistle. Instead, he got tossed. Several Pistons players could be seen laughing as Kuester was ejected. UP NEXT:  For the Pistons, Saturday vs. Utah, Tuesday @ Milwaukee, Sunday vs. Washington. For the Sixers, Sunday @ Cleveland, Tuesday vs. Dallas, Friday vs. Minnesota.  