
 Trail Blazers-Warriors   By Geoff Lepper, for NBA.com Posted Thursday April 14, 2011 1:53AM THE FACTS:   Reggie Williams , starting for the injured  Monta Ellis , scored 28 points with seven rebounds and five assists as the Golden State Warriors finished off their 2010-11 season with a 110-86 victory over the Portland Trail Blazers on Wednesday. With the win, Golden State finished at 36-46, representing a 10-win improvement over last season, although the Warriors fell short of new owner  Joe Lacob's  goal of sneaking into the playoffs.  Wesley Matthews  scored 18 points to lead the Blazers (48-34), who weren't overly concerned with the outcome. Portland, which was locked into the No. 6 seed for the Western Conference playoffs before the game began, rested several key players in anticipation of a first-round matchup against Dallas. QUOTABLE:  "I think it's a good matchup for us. We split the series this year at 2-2, and we lost two close games in their place."   -- Trail Blazers sixth man  Nicolas Batum , on the upcoming series against the Mavericks. THE STAT:  31. Total number of minutes played by Portland's typical starting five.  Andre Miller  (7 minutes) and  Wesley Matthews  (24) started but played limited roles, while forwards  Gerald Wallace  and  LaMarcus Aldridge  and center  Marcus Camby  all sat this one out. TURNING POINT:  The Warriors began the second half with a 13-3 run that was sparked by four points each from Williams and David Lee to open a 64-48 lead. QUOTABLE II:  "YESSSSSSSS!"    -- Portland guard  Rudy Fernandez , when  Kobe Bryant  hit a long 2-pointer in overtime to put the Lakers up by five points against Sacramento. Had Los Angeles lost, Portland would have faced the Lakers instead of the Mavericks. HOT:  Williams, who twice led the NCAA in scoring at Virginia Military Institute, showed he hadn't completely lost his touch, uncorking only his second 20-point game since Dec. 21. Williams went 12-for-18, 4-for-8 from deep, in place of Ellis, who missed the game due to his grade 2 concussion suffered Sunday. NOT:  Blazers coach  Nate McMillan  called this game a good chance to see what  Chris Johnson  and  Earl Barron  -- two big men signed within the last month -- could give his team if they're needed during the playoffs. The results were none too impressive. Johnson grabbed 13 rebounds and Barron had 13, but they were each dreadful offensively. Johnson went 1-for-8 from the floor and Barron 2-for-10 for a combined 16.7 percent. ROOKIE WATCH:  Portland's  Luke Babbitt , who had received just 104 minutes of playing time coming into Wednesday, scored 11 points with 11 rebounds in 33 minutes -- all numbers being career-highs. ROOKIE WATCH II:  Golden State's  Jeremy Lin  finished strong with 12 points, five rebounds and five assists. NOTABLE:  With his free throw 19 seconds into the third quarter,  Dorell Wright  became the first player in NBA history to score more points in his seventh season than in his first six combined, according to the Elias Sports Bureau. Wright had 20 points on the evening to finish with 1,344. He scored 1,333 points in his first half-dozen years coming out of Leuzinger High School in Lawndale, Calif. ... According to multiple reports from Bay Area and national outlets, the Warriors were set Wednesday to hire well-known agent  Bob Myers  -- who represents Portland's  Brandon Roy  and the Warriors'  Dorell Wright , among others -- as an assistant general manager. Myers, who played collegiately at UCLA and has been a key player at Arn Tellem's WMG Management shop, could be groomed by new owner Joe Lacob to take over for incumbent GM  Larry Riley , a holdover from the Warriors'  Chris Cohan  era. ... With Aldridge (3,211 minutes) resting, Ellis (3,227) finished the season with the most minutes of any NBA player. ... With the win, the Warriors guaranteed themselves No. 11 position in the 2011 NBA Draft. Had they lost, a coin flip would have been needed between Golden State and Milwaukee. UP NEXT:  For the Trail Blazers, Game 1 against the Mavericks in Dallas on Saturday. The Warriors season is finished. 
