Notebook: Magic 97, Wizards 92 
 
 
 Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Mar 29, 2013 11:00 PM - Updated Fri Mar 29, 2013 11:21 PM 
 
 THE FACTS: Tobias Harris ' career-high 30 points included three free throws in the final 14 seconds that clinched the Orlando Magic's 97-92 victory over the Washington Wizards. 
 
 John Wall  had 35 points and nine rebounds for the Wizards, who fell behind by 16 points in the firs half. 
 After losing veteran point guard  Jameer Nelson  to an ankle injury in the first quarter, the Magic broke their eight-game losing streak with eight players, seven of whom are in their first or second seasons in the league. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "They did whatever they wanted . . . They won the game in the first half. We are not a great enough team to be able to pick it up in the second half to try to fight back and win the game. They got up 15 at one point and had a lot of confidence." --  Wall. 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Magic bench outscored the Wizards bench, 41-15. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  After pulling even at 78-78 early in the fourth quarter, the Wizards managed only two points over the next 4 1/2 minutes, missing five shots and turning the ball over twice. 
 
 HOT:  Harris had his third straight game of 20 or more points, shooting 11-for-21. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "There's been certain times since being in a Magic uniform that we've struggled to close out games, and tonight was a good step for me as a player, closing us out not only on the offensive end but defense." --  Harris. 
 
 
 NOT:  The Wizards shot 37 percent overall and made 4-of-20 3-point shots. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "It's over and over again this year that we just go through the motions against team like this." --  Wizards coach  Randy Wittman. 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  With Nelson out, the Magic started the second half with veteran  Beno Udrih  at point guard. He provided eight points and and six assists in the second half. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  With the Wizards down by three and just under 30 seconds left, Wall drove in transition and could have had a foul or a layup. But he passed out to  Trevor Ariza , who missed a 3-pointer. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Magic forward  Maurice Harkless  had a quiet 18 points and nine rebounds . . . Magic forward  Andrew Nicholson  came back from an ankle injury with 14 points and five rebounds. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Wall took a career-high 28 shots . . . After missing two games with a strained abdomen,  Martell Webster  started for the Wizards and scored 19 points . . . The Wizards have lost seven straight times in Orlando.   
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Wizards: Sunday vs. Toronto, Tuesday vs. Chicago, Wednesday @ Toronto. For the Magic: Saturday @ Atlanta, Monday @ Houston, Wednesday @ San Antonio. 
