Notebook: Trail Blazers 91, Bucks 82 
 
 
 Rick Braun, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Nov 20, 2013 11:38 PM - Updated Wed Nov 20, 2013 11:38 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Trail Blazers finished off a sweep of a four-game road trip with their eighth straight victory. 
 
 THE LEAD: LaMarcus Aldridge  scored 21 points and  Damian Lillard  added 19 as the Portland Trail Blazers pulled away in the second half for a 91-82 victory Wednesday night over the Milwaukee Bucks at the BMO Harris Bradley Center. 
 
 Wesley Matthews  chipped in 15 points -- 13 in the first quarter -- as Portland (10-2) won its eighth straight.  
 
 Luke Ridnour 's 13 points led a disheveled offense for Milwaukee (2-8), which dropped its sixth straight. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We came out in the second half and decided we had to be the aggressors on defense, and if we had to we had to get on the floor to secure the ball. We were playing good defense in the first half but just not securing the possessions." 
 -- Trail Blazers center  Robin Lopez 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The struggling Milwaukee offense cracked the 80-point barrier -- just barely -- for the first time in three games.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  Ridnour's 3-point play closed the first half and pulled the Bucks within 53-51, but the Blazers scored the first eight points of the third. Portland led by at lead five the rest of the way. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I think we're still trying to figure it out. We've got a lot of new guys who are just coming back (from injury) into the rhythm of the game, and we're still trying to figure it out." 
 -- Luke Ridnour 
 
 
 HOT:  Matthews' final numbers weren't great, but he went 5-for-9, including 3-for-6 on 3-pointers in the first half to set a nice offensive tone for Portland. 
 
 NOT:  Ekpe Udoh  started at power forward for the Bucks and played just under 20 minutes. In that time he didn't collect a single rebound, missed the only shot he took, had two turnovers and collected three fouls.  
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  Attendance was a weak showing of 11,789, their lowest since 11,739 last Dec. 18 vs. Indiana. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Starting Udoh ahead of second-year forward  John Henson  qualifies as a bad move. Look for either Henson or  Ersan Ilyasova  to replace Udoh in the lineup on Friday at Philadelphia. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  With Ridnour now healthy, Bucks guard  Nate Wolters  came off the bench after starting the previous eight games. He finished with six points and four assists in 18 minutes but also had a season-high three turnovers.  
 
 NOTABLE:  The Bucks' next 10 games are against opponents with losing records and a cumulative record of 40-68. Counting the Trail Blazers' 9-2 mark, the Bucks' first 10 opponents had a cumulative record of 59-48 entering Wednesday. ... Ilyasova returned to action after missing the previous six games with a sore ankle. ... The Blazers snapped a four-game losing streak to the Bucks, who had swept the season series the previous two seasons. ... The Bucks made just 7-for-12 free throws, with the seven made being a season-low. ... Portland made 11-for-31 3-pointers, the sixth time this season the Blazers have made at least 10 threes. They're 5-1 in those games. ... Bucks guard  O.J. Mayo  twisted his left ankle and did not finish the game. He said it wasn't serious. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Trail Blazers, Friday vs. Chicago, Saturday at Golden State, Monday vs. New York. For the Bucks, Friday at Philadelphia, Saturday vs. Charlotte, Monday at Detroit.  
