Notebook: Wizards 98, Knicks 89 
 
 
 Rich Dubroff for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Nov 23, 2013 11:13 PM - Updated Sat Nov 23, 2013 11:13 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  Washington Wizard  John Wall  has scored 30 or more points in consecutive games for the first time in his career.  
 
 THE LEAD:  Wall scored 31 points to lead the Washington Wizards over the New York Knicks 96-89 on Saturday night. Wall hit 10 of his 18 field goals and was 10-for-11 from the line.  Martell Webster  had 19 points, including five 3-pointers for Washington (5-8).  Bradley Beal  had 18 and  Marcin Gortat  had 16 points and 17 rebounds for Washington. The Wizards outscored the Knicks 27-17 in the third quarter to take control. 
 
 Carmelo Anthony  had 23 points and 12 rebounds for New York (3-9).  J.R. Smith  had 15 points. 
 
 QUOTABLE:   "We ain't playing good basketball right now, and we've got to fix it." 
 --Carmelo Anthony on the Knicks' five-game losing streak 
 
 THE STAT : Gortat's 17 rebounds were one short of his career high.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Wizards outscored New York 13-4 to start the third quarter and had a six-point lead four minutes into it. What happened after halftime? "There [were] no adjustments made -- except for us. We stopped moving the ball," New York's  Amar'e Stoudemire  said.   
 
 QUOTABLE II:   "I'm really probably not going to do anything different. We just win three out of four in this four games in five nights. You want me to change up what I'm doing?" 
 --Washington coach  Randy Wittman  on his team facing another stretch of four games in five nights next week 
 
 HOT:   Wall is 25-for-39 from the field the last two games. He had 37 on Friday night and has 68 points in his last two games.  
 
 NOT: Andrea Bargnani  missed nine of his 14 from the field. In the last two games, the Knicks' center is just 9-for-30.  
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Wittman played just eight players, and won despite his scoring just six points. "I gotta do what I gotta do. We've got to win games," Wittman said.  
 
 BAD MOVE:  The Knicks were just too slow for the Wizards, and  Beno Udrih , who missed six of his seven shots from the field, couldn't handle Wall.  
 
 NOTABLE:   New York's five-game losing streak is its longest since Mar. 4-12, 2012, when they lost six straight.  
 
 IN THE ARENA:  There were lots of Knicks fans, and they tried a "Let's Go Knicks" chant late in the third quarter. They were drowned out by Wizards fans. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "Whenever we play some of those high caliber teams with superstars it's usually an away game for us at home. But we love it, we love the atmosphere because it gives us a chance to shut up those fans," Webster said.  
 
 UP NEXT:   For the Knicks, Monday @ Blazers, Wednesday @ Clippers, Friday @ Nuggets. For the Wizards, Tuesday vs. Lakers, Wednesday @ Bucks, Friday @ Pacers. 
