  Nets-Raptors notebook   By Sekou Smith, for NBA.com Posted Friday March 4, 2011 8:06PM THE FACTS: Brook Lopez  scored 25 points to lead the Nets to an historic 116-103 win Friday night at London's 02 Arena, the NBA's first regular season game played in Europe. The win also ended a six-game losing streak for the Nets.  Deron Williams  added 16 points and 11 assists, the All-Star guard's fourth straight double-double since joining the Nets in a trade last week. DeMar DeRozan  led Toronto with 30 points and  Andrea Bargnani  added 23 for the Raptors, who got a game-high 12 assists from  Jose Calderon  and a solid night (12 points and eight rebounds) off the bench from  Ed Davis . QUOTABLE:  "These games are great for global basketball, great for the NBA. And I thought the crowd tonight was great, they cheered for both teams pretty equally. When both teams did something good out there, they liked it. And I hope this is just the start of many, many more games."   -- Williams, the Nets' All-Star point guard, on the historic night for both teams before the sellout 02 Arena crowd. THE STAT:  24-37. The Nets owned the paint on both ends of the floor thanks to the shooting work of their big men.  Kris Humphries  (18 points on 8-for-14 shooting, 17 rebounds and four blocks) and  Damion James  (15 points on 5-for-6 shooting and seven rebounds) made big contributions, and Lopez made 11 of his 17 shots from the floor. He only had two rebounds, but he did block shots. TURNING POINT:  Nets reserves  Jordan Farmar  and  Sundiata Gaines  helped spark a 20-6 run to start the fourth quarter that turned the game in their team's favor for good. Farmar knocked down two straight 3-pointers and Gaines, playing because  Anthony Morrow  suffered a first half concussion and did not return, chipped in with seven points and two assists. When the starters returned, they stretched it out even more as Lopez and Williams combined for 11 points to put the game out of reach for good. QUOTABLE II:  "We had a lot of energy today. We were all a little worried about how the trip would affect us, fatigue would set in. But we had a lot of energy. We had definitely some bright spots, some guys played great for us tonight."   -- Williams on his first win as a Net. HOT:  Williams scored just two points before halftime but cranked things up in the second half, showing why the Nets traded away so much to get him and why he is arguably the best point guard in the league. The shot opportunities he creates for himself and others is why the Raptors could not slow the Nets down in after halftime. NOT:  Raptors forward  James Johnson  had plenty of opportunities and couldn't cash in on the offensive end, making just one of his eight shots from the floor. He played just 20 minutes and finished the game with a forgettable two points and five rebounds. GOOD MOVE:  When Morrow went down before halftime, Nets coach  Avery Johnson  pushed the right button with Gaines, who knows a thing or two about filling in the blanks on a Deron Williams-led backcourt, having done the same last season in Utah. His energy and effectiveness attacking the Raptors' defense at the start of the fourth quarter along with Farmar was crucial. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Whatever Williams traded in wins by coming to the Nets he has more than made up for with his fantasy stock. Even with his shooting stroke missing in action (.373 from the floor in his last five games), he's averaging 13.8 assists during the same stretch, which includes his last outing with the Jazz before the trade deadline and his four games since joining the Nets. ROOKIE WATCH:  James, the Nets' rookie, not only played the man opposite him Friday night, he outplayed his season profile (3.8 points and 3.2 rebounds) by a wide margin. His versatility, ability to defend three positions, and his energy will continue to work in his favor. NOTABLE:  The Nets have already announced that Morrow will not play in Saturday after suffering that slight concussion. ... With his four-game assist total with the Nets at 58, Williams set the record for the most assists by a player in his first four games with a team in NBA history.  Guy Rodgers  was the previous record holder; Rodgers had 53 assists in his first four games with the Bulls. UP NEXT:  For these two teams it's a Saturday afternoon (back home) rematch before another 02 Arena crowd that will watch just the second NBA regular season game played on European soil.  