Notebook: Hawks 127, Cavs 125 2OT 
 
 
 Brian Dulik, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Dec 27, 2013 12:20 AM - Updated Fri Dec 27, 2013 12:44 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  Hawks point guard Jeff Teague scored a career-high 34 points, hit one jumper to send the game against the Cavaliers into one OT frame and then another to win the contest in double-OT. 
 
 THE LEAD:  Along with his best scoring output, Teague dished out a game-best 14 assists and buried a fadeaway 20-footer at the buzzer in double-overtime to give Atlanta a 127-125 2OT win in Cleveland Thursday night.  
 Center  Al Horford  added 25 points for the Hawks (16-13), while power forward  Paul Millsap  collected 20 points and 11 rebounds. Sharpshooter  Kyle Korver  also chipped in 20 points. 
  All-Star point guard  Kyrie Irving  scored 12 of his game-high 40 points in the second extra period for the Cavaliers (10-18), who also received 20 points from shooting guard  Dion Waiters  in his return to the lineup. Atlanta outscored Cleveland 19-17 in double-OT to snap its five-game road losing streak. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "Obviously, Jeff Teague made a lot of plays for us, so it was nice for this amazing game to finally be over. The only way it could have been better is if it was a one-point game, so it would've ended either way on his shot." 
 -- Hawks coach  Mike Budenholzer 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The fifth-year pro was isolated against Cavaliers power forward  Tristan Thompson  atop the arc when he fired a jumper that bounced off the rim five times before falling through the net. Teague's basket allowed him to top his previous career-scoring high of 33 points. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  With the Cavaliers leading 118-113 in double-OT, Korver converted a rare four-point play with 2:44 left. It began a 14-7 game-ending run by Atlanta. Korver poured in seven points during the surge, while Teague had five and point guard  Shelvin Mack  added two. Irving was the only Cleveland player to score over the final 2:49. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "It's tough, man. We could have put them away a few times. We have to do a better job. No excuses. When we laid it on the line like that, we have to close games out -- especially at home." 
 -- Cavaliers shooting guard Dion Waiters 
 
 
 HOT:  Korver extended his NBA-record streak of games with a 3-pointer to 98. 
 
 NOT:  For the Hawks, Horford suffered a bruised right shoulder in the first OT when he got tangled up with  Anderson Varejao . Small forward  DeMarre Carroll  injured his right wrist and thumb in the fourth quarter when he ran into a screen set by Cavaliers center  Tyler Zeller . Budenholzer said both players will be evaluated Friday, adding, "Hopefully, it's nothing serious." 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "They gave me three cracks at it, so I was really happy to finally get it done. It was supposed to be a pick-and-roll at the end, but they switched on us with Thompson, so I just went for it." 
 -- Hawks point guard Jeff Teague 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Cavaliers coach  Mike Brown  benched center  Andrew Bynum  early in the third quarter in favor of Varejao and Zeller. Bynum started and played 18 minutes, but only scored four points with one rebound. "In the last couple of games, we haven't had a problem getting the ball down to him," Brown said. "At this point, it's a matter of Andrew producing." 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Waiters (right wrist tendinitis) was playing in his first game since Dec. 17 and wore a protective brace, but the Hawks failed to put a body on him. The enigmatic scorer immediately got into a rhythm, and wound up shooting 9-for-14 on the evening. Waiters was so effective, Brown even gave him minutes at power forward as part of a four-guard lineup late in regulation. 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  NBA official  James Williams  helped a United States military veteran win a prize during an on-court contest, guiding him toward Cavaliers mascot Moondog. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Cavaliers small forward  Alonzo Gee  not only lost his starting job to  Earl Clark , he fell completely out of the rotation and did not play. ... Several dozen Macedonia-flag waving fans sat near the Hawks bench, chanting "We want Pero" for rookie center  Pero Antic . They were rewarded when he played the final 5:05 and helped Atlanta get the victory. ... Atlanta's inactives were point guard  John Jenkins  (lower back pain) and shooting guard  Jared Cunningham , while Cleveland did not dress rookie shooting guard  Carrick Felix  and center  Henry Sims . 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Hawks, Saturday vs. Charlotte, Sunday @ Orlando, Tuesday @ Boston. For the Cavaliers, Saturday @ Boston, Sunday vs. Golden State, Tuesday @ Indiana. 
