  Nets-Pistons notebook   By Jake Appleman, for NBA.com Posted Friday January 21, 2011 10:41PM THE FACTS:  In a game so mundane no player scored more than 16 points, the New Jersey Nets made easy work of the Detroit Pistons, 89-74. The Nets made half of their field goals (36-72) while the Pistons only made a third of theirs (25-75). QUOTABLE:  "We were definitely flat"    -- the Pistons'  Ben Gordon  states the obvious THE STAT:  No Piston starter shot over 50%. TURNING POINT: Anthony Morrow  drained a wing 3-pointer to give the Nets a seven-point cushion (67-60) to end the third quarter. The shot was Morrow's first make in his first game back from injury. Morrow then started the fourth quarter with three consecutive buckets to put the Nets up 74-62, effectively sealing the victory. QUOTABLE II:  "Never. Never. Never. You couldn't tell me in a million years that this would happen here. Never."    --  Rip Hamilton , responding to a question about whether he ever pictured himself playing in New Jersey. Hamilton was part of a package of players, including  Carmelo Anthony,  that were rumored to be headed to the Nets before  Mikhail Prokhorov  attempted to put an end to the speculation during his press conference on Wednesday night. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Aside from a rolled ankle in the first half,  Charlie Villanueva  (zero points, two rebounds in ten-plus minutes) did nothing to draw attention to himself. INSIDE THE ARENA:  One particularly boisterous Pistons fan screamed "DE-TROIT BAS-KET-BALL!" after the Nets turned the ball over on the first possession of the game and kept up the noise for much of the night ... A child in mini Sly costume performed a break dance routine set to a sped up remix of  Montell Jordan 's "This Is How We Do It".... ROOKIE WATCH: Greg Monroe  (five points, 10 rebounds) and  Derrick Favors  (eight points, six rebounds) played to a rookie draw. Monroe seemed more polished at times, but Favors was more efficient inside. NOTABLE:  The Nets opened up a 17-7 lead to start the game behind Stephen  Graham 's hustle and sharp play from  Brook Lopez  ...  Will Bynum  sparkled (4-5 from the floor, eight points) in reserve duty for the Pistons in the second quarter, getting to the rim at will, and even inadvertently throwing a lob pass into the basket ... Any basketball fan that goes back to the early aughts must have enjoyed some of what they saw from  Tracy McGrady  (savvy passing, sticking tough jumpers, coordinated fadeaways despite an aging body) ...  Devin Harris  drew cheers from the crowd for a chase-down block of Bynum in transition midway through the fourth quarter. Harris drew a charge on Bynum in transition a minute later ...  Kris Humphries  (11 points, 12 rebounds) tallied his team-leading 13th double-double ... The 74 points scored by the Pistons is the team's lowest point total since a 79-74 loss to New Jersey on 3/26/06... UP NEXT:  For the Pistons, Saturday vs. Phoenix, Monday @ Orlando, Wednesday vs. Denver. For the Nets, Saturday vs. Dallas, Monday vs. Cleveland, Wednesday vs. Memphis.  