  Hornets-Kings notebook   By Jimmy Spencer, for NBA.com Posted Sunday November 21, 2010 9:32PM THE FACTS:  Call it a strong defense or call it miserable shooting. Either way, the New Orleans Hornets shot just 32 percent on Sunday but managed to hold down the Sacramento Kings' offense for a 75-71 road victory. The Hornets limited the Kings to 38.7 percent shooting from the field and forced 21 Sacramento turnovers. QUOTABLE:  "I don't think either one of us tonight are going to send this tape in as an offensive tape to Springfield, or any other field, but it shows that if you play defense you give yourself a chance to win."     -- Hornets coach  Monty Williams THE STAT:  There's a reason the Hornets have an 11-1 record. New Orleans has allowed just one opponent to score 100 or more points. TURNING POINT:  The game was knotted at 64-64 with just less than five minutes to play when Sacramento guard  Tyreke Evans  entered back into the game and scored on an open drive to the basket. However, the Kings lead was brief. Moments later, Kings guard  Luther Head  turned it over on an attempt to get the ball to Carl Landry posting up at the elbow. The turnover led to a  Trevor Ariza  3-pointer to give the Hornets at 69-68 lead, an advantage they'd never relinquish. QUOTABLE II: " It's just a shame to play that well defensively against a team with one of the best records in basketball and walk out of the gym with a loss."  --  Kings coach  Paul Westphal HOT:   Chris Paul  had an odd night offensively. He didn't score his first points of the game until making a pair of free throws midway through the second quarter. Though he'd end up with just nine points, he did finish with a tally of 14 assists -- not a bad number when considering his team shot just 32.2 percent. NOT:  The Sacramento Kings still have yet to lead at halftime this season, though they came close on Sunday. Standing in the way of the historical moment was Trevor Ariza's 3-pointer from the corner at the buzzer that tied the game at 39-39 heading into the half. ... The Hornets shot just 30.4 percent in the first half. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  If this were fantasy football, the fantasy defense may have scored some points. ROOKIE WATCH:  Call it the ups and downs of a young NBA big man. Following perhaps his best performance of his young career against the Knicks on Nov. 17 (15 points, 10 rebounds),  DeMarcus Cousins  has gone flat from the field in two consecutive games. Following a 2-for-8 performance on Friday night against the Nets, the 6-foot-11 rookie was just 3-for-11 on Sunday evening. He finished with seven points and five rebounds in 23 minutes. Cousins, however, did come up big late when he scored on a bucket plus a free throw with 32.4 seconds left to bring the Kings within two points. Cousins fouled out with an intentional foul with six seconds remaining in the game. NOTABLE:  The Kings trailed by just two points in the final seconds and got a stop when Chris Paul missed a jump shot with 8.9 seconds left. But it was  David West , who also hit two crucial jumpers down the stretch, who grabbed an offensive rebound that helped to seal the victory. West finished with a game-high 17 points. UP NEXT:  For the Hornets, Monday at Clippers, Wednesday at Utah, Friday at Portland. For the Kings, Monday at Utah, Thursday at Clippers, Saturday vs. Chicago.  