  Notebook: Jazz 103, Rockets 91 Posted Thursday April 12, 2012 12:27AM By Matt Miller, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The Houston Rockets returned home after a perfect road trip and played like a team that was satisfied with its recent progress. The Utah Jazz, a squad that is battling desperately to stave off elimination from playoff contention, were ready to take full advantage. Gordon Hayward  scored a season-high 29 points on 9-for-14 shooting and handed out six assists, and  Paul Millsap  added 21 points, seven rebounds and three steals as the Jazz manhandled the Rockets 103-91 on Wednesday at Toyota Center. Utah (31-28) shot 51.3 percent from the field mainly because it dominated in the paint, where it outscored Houston 54-36. Goran Dragic  finished with a team-best 19 points on 3-for-13 shooting and seven assists to pace Houston (32-26), which fell from sole possession of sixth place in the West to a tie for seventh after suffering its first defeat in five games. QUOTABLE:  "The mentality now is we just got to find ways to win. This is a huge win for us as a team, and I don't think you can ever doubt the heart of our team. We're down to 10 players now [due to injuries], and we're just out there fighting and competing."   -- Gordon Hayward on the importance of this victory THE STAT:  The Jazz limited the Rockets to zero field goals over the final 7:01 of the third quarter. TURNING POINT:  Despite delivering an abysmal defensive effort, the Rockets remained within striking distance until they shot 4-for-19 during the third quarter. With Houston unable to find success on either end of the court, the Jazz quickly stretched their lead to 18. QUOTABLE II:  "[The Jazz] played desperate tonight, and they 'out-desperated' us. ... I don't think we focused in on playing harder than them."   -- Rockets guard  Kyle Lowry  on what went wrong for Houston HOT:  Hayward's production has peaked during Utah's late-season playoff push. The second-year forward out of the University of Butler is averaging 18.1 points, 5.0 rebounds and 3.1 assists in his last nine games. QUOTABLE III:  "He's just continuing to grow and understanding what it's going to take for him to be on another level as a player in this league. He certainly has the ability to be one of those [go-to] guys."   -- Jazz coach  Tyron Corbin  on Hayward's performance of late NOT:  The Rockets, who entered Wednesday's contest shooting 50.0 percent (29-for-58) from 3-point range over their previous three games, connected on only four of 20 attempts (20.0 percent) from behind the arc. GOOD MOVE:  Lowry drew  Devin Harris ' fifth foul with 11:51 remaining in the fourth period, forcing backup point guard Jamaal Tinsley to run the offense. Utah drained only one bucket over the next five minutes, providing Houston with an opportunity to make a late charge. NOTABLE:  The Jazz clinched the season-series with Wednesday's victory, meaning they would win a possible head-to-head playoff tiebreaker between these two teams. NOTABLE II:  Utah played without reserve big man  Jeremy Evans  (sprained right ankle), who will be re-evaluated Thursday. ... Houston shot a season-low 35.6 percent (31-for-87) from the field. ... The Jazz improved to 9-1 on the road this season when leading after three quarters. ... The Rockets fell to 4-20 overall this season when trailing after three periods. ... Houston dropped to 2-10 when its opponent hits at least half of its shot attempts. ... The Rockets netted a season-high-tying 25 fast-break points. UP NEXT:  For the Jazz, Friday @ New Orleans, Saturday @ Memphis, Monday vs. Dallas. For the Rockets, Friday vs. Phoenix, Sunday @ Denver, Monday vs. Denver.  