  Celtics-Blazers notebook   By Kerry Eggers, for NBA.com Posted Friday January 28, 2011 2:09AM THE FACTS:   Ray Allen  led five Celtics in double figures with 18 points as Boston (35-10) won its seventh game in eight outings, beating the Trail Blazers 88-78 Thursday night at the Rose Garden. It was Boston's 11th win in its last 12 meetings with Portland (25-22). QUOTABLE:  "That's a great team. That team is built to win a championship. Our guys scrapped and played hard, but (the Celtics) have so many options they can go to. When you have that many options ? and that team is locked into playing that way and knowing how to win ? it's going to be a tough game."    -- Portland coach  Nate McMillan  on the Celtics. THE STAT:  The Blazers took 26 more shots than Boston ? 90 to 64 ? but made only three more baskets than the Celtics. Boston, meanwhile, held a huge edge at the foul line, making 23-for-33 attempts to only 8-for-13 for Portland. TURNING POINT:  Boston led only 64-58 after three quarters, but Von Wafer hit consecutive baskets and the Celtics outscored the Blazers 10-2 to go in front 74-60 early in the fourth period. QUOTABLE II:  "I'm kind of numb to guys getting hurt. Seems like every game we have an MRI. We hope he's OK, because we can't afford to lose anybody else."    --  LaMarcus Aldridge  on teammate  Nicolas Batum , who went down to a knee injury in the second quarter. Batum will undergo and MRI on Friday. HOT:  Nobody, really. Closest was  Paul Pierce  in the first half, sinking 6-for-9 shots from the field. But the Boston veteran was only 1-for-5 in the second half. NOT:  Portland's  Wesley Matthews  finished the game 4-for-15 from the field, but that was with making three of his final four attempts. Until that point, he was 1-for-11. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Boston's  Kevin Garnett  came close to a triple-double with 10 points, nine rebounds and a season-high nine assists in only 31 minutes. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Former Blazer and Celtic great  Bill Walton  was on hand, serving as analyst for Boston television. Walton is working five games for the Celtics and 10 games for the Sacramento Kings this season. GOOD MOVE:  Boston coach  Doc Rivers  chose to single-cover Aldridge most of the way, much of the time with Garnett. Aldridge never found a rhythm, scoring mostly on tips and dunks in an 8-for-20 shooting performance. BAD MOVE:  The Blazers trailed only 82-77 in the final minute when the ball went to Rajon Rondo, a 47-percent foul shooter who had made 1 of 2 at the line seconds earlier. The Blazers didn't get to him, then had to foul  Glen Davis , who made a pair at the line with 33.6 seconds to go. ROOKIE WATCH:  With Batum out with a knee injury, Portland turned to  Luke Babbitt , who hadn't played in 13 games. The 6-foot-9 forward was 1-for-2 from the field and scored two points in nine minutes. NOTABLE:  Boston tied a season high with 21 turnovers, a season high for Portland opponents. UP NEXT:  For the Blazers, San Antonio Tuesday, at Denver Wednesday, at Indiana Friday. For the Celtics, at Phoenix Friday, at L.A. Lakers Sunday, at Sacramento Tuesday.  