  Notebook: Bucks 106, Nets 95 Posted Saturday April 21, 2012 11:51PM By Rick Braun, for NBA.com THE FACTS:   Brandon Jennings  scored 30 points, including three big 3-pointers in a span of 1:54 seconds of the fourth quarter, leading the Milwaukee Bucks to a 106-95 victory over the New Jersey Nets Saturday night. Despite the victory, the Bucks' slim playoff chances took a huge blow when the Philadelphia 76ers won on the road at Indiana. The Bucks need to win their final three games and have Philadelphia lose its final three to make the playoffs. Ersan Ilyasova  added 17 points and 17 rebounds as the Bucks (30-33) snapped a three-game losing streak. Gerald Wallace  scored 18 to lead the Nets (22-42), who lost their fourth straight. The Nets have lost their last 11 games to Milwaukee. QUOTABLE:  "We can't lose any sleep over what they do. We've created the position we're in. We -- ultimately me -- are responsible for the position we're in. We need to win out and see what happens."   -- Bucks coach  Scott Skiles , whose team will be eliminated from the playoffs with any loss or Philadelphia victory THE STAT:  The Nets outscored the Bucks by four points from the field, but the Bucks had a 15-point advantage at the free-throw line, going 26-for-37 to New Jersey's 11-for-15. TURNING POINT:   Monta Ellis  didn't make his first field goal of the night until he cut to the basket and took a nice pass from  Drew Gooden  to snap a 37-37 tie with 4:13 left in the half. Two free throws by Jennings made it 41-37 with 3:46 left in the half, and that little 4-0 spurt put the Bucks on top for good. QUOTABLE II:  "I've been in this position before on other teams, and it kind of hurts. But all you can do is handle your upcoming games and see where you're at. Until you're mathematically out of the playoffs, all you can do is keep fighting."   -- Bucks center Drew Gooden on his team's slim playoff hopes HOT:  Jennings' 9-for-18 night won't knock any socks off, but he was 3-for-3 in the fourth quarter, all 3-pointers. NOT:  Nets guard  MarShon Brooks  had trouble finding the range as he made just 7-for-18 shots. He's 9-for-24 over the last two games. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Along with his 30 points, Jennings also had six rebounds, six assists and four steals. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Former American Idol runner-up  Danny Gokey  was honored on the court during the second quarter as a "Homecourt Hero" for his charity work in starting Sophia's Heart Foundation. Gokey is from Milwaukee. ... Green Bay Packers quarterback and NFL MVP  Aaron Rodgers  also was in the house in courtside seats. NOTABLE:  Bucks coach Scott Skiles talked before the game of the advantage of bringing  Luc Richard Mbah a Moute  off the bench, but Mbah a Moute was in the starting lineup 45 minutes later as  Carlos Delfino  was unable to play because of a groin strain that has hampered him the last three weeks. Delfino had missed six games earlier this month with the injury. ... Bucks second-year forward  Larry Sanders  was serving the first game of a two-game suspension for his actions Thursday night when he was ejected at Indiana and did not leave the floor in a timely manner. ... Nets point guard  Deron Williams  missed his third straight game with a calf injury. UP NEXT:  For the Nets, Monday vs. Philadelphia, Thursday @ Toronto. For the Bucks, Monday vs. Toronto, Wednesday vs. Philadelphia, Thursday @ Boston.  