  Rockets-Bulls notebook   By Kent McDill, for NBA.com Posted Sunday December 5, 2010 12:06AM THE FACTS: Derrick Rose  hit a 3-pointer at the buzzer to send the game into overtime, then scored five points in the extra period to lead the Bulls to a 119-116 victory over the visiting Houston Rockets. The Bulls had a 14-point lead early in the third quarter but let it slip away and trailed the Rockets by five points with 56 seconds left in regulation. Two late baskets by  Carlos Boozer  set up Rose for the game-tying shot. The victory was the first of three games with Boozer in the lineup after Boozer returned from suffering a broken finger during the preseason.  Luis Scola  scored 27 points to lead the Rockets. QUOTABLE:  "I think that was the first time I've celebrated this whole year after I shot a shot."    -- Chicago's Rose about his game-tying 3-pointer THE STAT:  Rose, who had 30 points, 11 assists and seven rebounds, also set a career-high with five steals. He also had four turnovers in 44 minutes of playing time. THE STAT II:  Houston's  Brad Miller , the former (and still popular) Bull made four of six 3-pointers and finished with 20 points in 24 minutes. TURNING POINT:  The Bulls would not win without Rose's 3-pointer, but that shot would not have mattered if the Rockets'  Kyle Lowry  and Miller had not missed free throws in the final 24 seconds. HOT:  Boozer had his best game as a Bull with 25 points and nine rebounds. NOT:  The Bulls, who rank 27th in the league in free throw shooting at 70.9 percent, made 17 of 24 (70.8 percent) Saturday. Boozer, the only Bull who had more than two free throws, went 7-for-10. BAD MOVE:  Considering his skill set, it made sense to have Brad Miller shoot the final 3-pointer for the Rockets. But the Bulls were ready for it and Miller's attempt was way off-balance and short. NOTABLE:  The Bulls were so worried about their November West Coast trip (they went 4-3 in those games), but they should have been worried about their early December schedule. Not only did they lose to Orlando and Boston in the first two games, but they host Oklahoma City on Monday and the Lakers on Friday. QUOTABLE II:  "Give Derrick Rose credit. He took a big three from about 38 feet under pressure and made it. He beat the odds tonight."    -- Houston forward  Shane Battier UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Monday vs. Oklahoma City, Wednesday @ Cleveland, Friday vs. L.A. Lakers; For the Rockets, Tuesday vs. Detroit, Friday @ Milwaukee, Saturday vs. Cleveland.  