  Notebook: Celtics 115, Heat 107 Posted Tuesday April 10, 2012 10:57PM By Shandel Richardson, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The Boston Celtics proved what happened just nine days ago was no fluke. The Celtics, after a slow start, recovered to defeat the Miami Heat 115-107 Tuesday at AmericanAirlines Arena. It was their second straight victory against the Heat. Paul Pierce  led the Celtics with 27 points while  Kevin Garnett  added 24 points, nine rebounds and two blocks. All five Boston starters scored in double-figures, including guard Rajon Rondo's 18 points and 15 assists. The Celtics won on the strength of a strong first quarter. They led by as many as 18 in the second quarter before holding off several Heat runs. Boston had an answer each time the Heat made a small push. For Miami, it was the second loss at home in three games after falling to the Memphis Grizzlies April 7. Forward  LeBron James  led the Heat with 36 points, seven rebounds and seven assists, but his supporting cast wasn't very much help.  Chris Bosh  and  Dwyane Wade  combined to shoot 14 of 34 from the field and finished with 33 points. QUOTABLE:  "They jumped on us early. I thought Avery's (Bradley) two shots early in the game were huge for us because it kind of stemmed their run. Then we made a run, got a lead. They just kept throwing punches at us. We talk about it in a fighting term. We told them today before the game that if you're in a boxing match, you have to expect to get hit."   --Celtics coach  Doc Rivers THE STAT:  The Celtics shot 60 percent from the field. Not only were they connecting on open shots, they also made several contested ones. TURNING POINT:  The Heat jumped to a fast 9-3 lead before the Celtics went on a 30-13 run to close the first quarter and take the lead for the good. QUOTABLE II:  "We're not at a period of concern. The team played well. They (Celtics) shot the ball very well. When they shoot like that, it's going to be tough to beat them."   -- Wade HOT:  Garnett showed glimpses of his younger days, playing dominant on both ends. He shot 11 of 14 from the field and grabbed nine rebounds. He also had two blocks and was disruptive in the paint on the defensive end. NOT:  Bosh continues to struggle against top-tier teams. He was a non-factor through three quarters before finally getting going in the fourth. By then, it was too late. He made just 5 of 13 shots and was outplayed by Boston forward  Brandon Bass  and center  Greg Stiemsma . GOOD MOVE:  The Celtics used the recipe that has killed the Heat all season. They played with balance. The Heat have yet to win a game when the opposition utilized all its options, mainly the starters. BAD MOVE:  Coach  Erik Spoelstra  perhaps has tinkered with his rotation too much in recent games. This time, it may have hurt because he used the word "uncomfortable" to describe how the Heat looked. That's probably because he played 10 guys in the first half, altering the bottom half of the rotation. NOTABLE:  Heat centers  Eddy Curry  and  Dexter Pitman  were inactive. Celtics guard  Ray Allen  came of the bench for the fourth time in five games. Bradley has replaced him in the starting lineup. Heat rookie  Norris Cole  played just four minutes, continuing his downward spiral. The Heat are 5-5 in their last 10 games. UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Thursday @ Bulls, Friday vs. Bobcats, Sunday @ Knicks. For the Celtics, Wednesday vs. Hawks, Friday @ Raptors, Saturday @ Nets.  