  Bucks-Celtics notebook   By Brian Robb, for NBA.com Posted Sunday March 13, 2011 9:38PM THE FACTS:  The Boston Celtics set a new franchise record for fewest points allowed in the shot clock era, on their way to a commanding 87-56 victory over the Milwaukee Bucks.  Ray Allen  led the Celtics with 17 points in a mere three quarters of action, as the C's played stifling defense from start to finish, limiting Milwaukee to just 31.4 percent shooting and a new franchise low for points scored.  Nenad Krstic  also chipped in a double-double for the victors with 11 points and 14 rebounds.  Earl Barron  was the sole Milwaukee player in double figures with 10 points, as the Bucks had their three-game winning streak snapped. QUOTABLE:  ""That's about as humiliating a defeat as you'll ever see. Right at the jump ball  [Rajon] Rondo  got right up into  Brandon [Jennings] , and they got us on our heels and took our competitive fight away from us. We pretty much just gave into it."  --  Milwaukee coach  Scott Skiles. THE STAT:  The Bucks shot 22.7 percent and made just eight field goals (8-of-35) during their miserable first half scoring output of 22 points. That number also set a new franchise scoring low for a Boston opponent over the first 24 minutes. TURNING POINT:  From the opening tip, the Celtics suffocated the lackluster Bucks' offense, pressuring Milwaukee's guards and contesting any open looks the team got within the offense. Once sharpshooter Allen got hot (7 points in first quarter) and the Celtics pushed the lead to double digits, they never looked back. QUOTABLE II:  "It was definitely encouraging to put together a four quarter game of defense. Especially when we are integrating a lot of new players, it was just nice to get comfortable back in our building and play the type of defense we like to play"  --  Paul Pierce. HOT:   Troy Murphy  -- One of Boston's latest free agent additions had struggled mightily in his first five games in Beantown, hitting just one of his first 13 shots from the field. The tide appeared to turn against the Bucks however, as Murphy got comfortable within the C's offense. He hit from both inside and out, posting a solid line of 12 points and 7 rebounds in a season-high 17 minutes for the C's. NOT:   John Salmons  -- The veteran small forward went scoreless for the Bucks in 20 minutes of play, missing all five of his shots from the field, while turning the ball four times. It was the first time this season Salmons did not make a field goal. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Krstic -- The former Thunder center has only been a member of the Celtics for three weeks but continues to shine in his new role with the green. The 7-footer had his second straight double-double for Boston and is now averaging 13.2 points and 7.8 rebounds through eight games, five points above his season averages in both categories. ROOKIE WATCH:  Rookies for both teams saw spot duty in the blowout.  Larry Sanders  had 3 points, 2 rebounds and an assist in 17 minutes for Milwaukee, while  Avery Bradley  saw eight minutes of action in a mop-up role for Boston in the fourth quarter. NOTABLE:  Boston wore their alternate green and gold jerseys in anticipation of St. Patrick Day's approaching later this week. Part of the Bucks lackluster offensive outing could probably be explained by the team playing the second half of a back-to-back on a tough 18-hour turnaround, thanks to an early 6 pm start in Boston, and daylight savings going into effect Saturday night.  Glen Davis  looked solid in his return to action for Boston after missing four games with a sprained right knee. The power forward had an efficient line of nine points and seven rebounds in a tidy 18 minutes. Milwaukee was outrebounded 50-32, including a 14-5 deficit in the first quarter alone. The Bucks scored just nine points in the first quarter. Celtics guard  Delonte West  hopes to return to action Wednesday night against Indiana, after sitting out the past two weeks with a sprained ankle. UP NEXT:  For the Bucks, Tuesday @ Atlanta, Wednesday vs. Orlando, Friday vs. New Jersey. For the Celtics, Monday @ New Jersey, Wednesday vs. Indiana, Friday @ Houston.  