Notebook: Warriors 101, Wizards 92 
 
 
 Steve R. Waterhouse, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Mar 24, 2013 2:16 AM - Updated Sun Mar 24, 2013 2:16 AM 
 
 THE FACTS :  Stephen Curry  scored 35 points on a 13-for-18 shooting effort as the Golden State Warriors claimed a 101-92 win over the Washington Wizards at Oracle Arena Saturday night. 
 But the win may have come at a cost for the Warriors (40-31). With 6:03 left in the game, Curry injured his right ankle as he went down to the ground after a foul by  Cartier Martin  on a fastbreak. Curry, who had ice on his ankle after the game, hopes to be ready for Monday's game against the Los Angeles Lakers. X-Rays came back negative for a fracture. 
 The injury marred an otherwise sensational offensive output by the Warriors, who also got 18 points from  Klay Thompson , and 16 points and 12 rebounds from  David Lee.  It was Lee's league-leading, 47th double-double this season. The Wizards (25-44) got 23 points from Martin and 14 from  John Wall , who was ejected in the third quarter after he was assessed a second technical foul. 
 The Warriors clinched their first 40-plus win season since the 2007-2008 team that went 48-34. 
 
 QUOTABLE : "I'm fine, Don't worry about my ankle I'll get through it like I usually do. I Just have to get my treatment and get ready for Monday." 
 -- Stephen Curry 
 
 THE STAT : The Warriors, who have 11 games left, are closing in on a playoff spot, the first since 2007. They are in the No. 6 position and hold a five-game lead over No. 9 Utah. They are a game ahead of Houston and 3 ½ ahead of the Los Angeles Lakers.  
 
 TURNING POINT : Warriors coach  Mark Jackson  preached defense prior to this game, and the Warriors responded by shutting down the Wizards for most of the night. The Wizards shot a dismal 28.6 percent in the first quarter and 33.3 in the first half. The Warriors held Wall, who was guarded by Thompson, in check with eight points in the first half. No Wizards player reached double figures in scoring in the first half. 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA : Green Day lead singer Billie Joe Armstrong was in the house. Also, Warriors minority owner  Vivek Ranadivé , who is part of the group attempting to purchase the Sacramento Kings and keep them in Sacramento, was on the scene. 
 
 QUOTABLE II : "[John Wall is] a heck of a basketball player. I though Klay did a heck of a job early, [and] our defense behind him did a heck of a job. He got it going a little bit in the third and then the night was over for him. He's a heck of a basketball player and I felt we did a good job of containing him." 
 -- Mark Jackson 
 
 HOT : The Warriors shot a combined 55.8 percent in the first half that included a 54.5 clip from 3-point range. 
 
 NOTABLE : This was the first game of a five-game homestand for the Warriors. They will play eight of their final 11 games at home. 
 
 UP NEXT : For the Warriors, Monday vs. Lakers, Wednesday vs. Kings, Saturday vs. Trail Blazers. For the Wizards, Monday vs. Grizzlies, Wednesday @ Oklahoma City, Friday @ Orlando. 
