  Notebook: Clippers 97, Hornets 85 Posted Tuesday March 27, 2012 2:06AM By Dan Arritt, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The Clippers forced a season-high 29 turnovers Monday night and avenged a loss to the Hornets last week by leading from start to finish in the 97-85 victory at Staples Center. QUOTABLE:  "We trust each other a little bit more. Our rotations have been a lot better in these last two games and we're going to see how it continues."  --  Clippers guard  Chris Paul. THE STAT:  The Clippers scored 35 points off turnovers, compared to 13 for New Orleans, helping them lead by as many as 27 points in the fourth quarter. The 29 turnovers was also a season-high for the Hornets. TURNING POINT:  The Clippers made their first eight field-goal attempts and surged to an 18-2 lead, but the Hornets caught up early in the second. Leading by one point with 7 1/2 minutes left in the second quarter, the Clippers' bench was able to get some separation.  Reggie Evans  scored inside,  Kenyon Martin  sank a 17-footer and  Eric Bledsoe  scored on a fast-break to push the lead back to 37-30. A couple possessions later, Evans put back an offensive rebound off a missed 3-pointer by  Nick Young  and the lead was nine. The Hornets never got closer than seven the rest of the way. HOT:  Clippers forward  Blake Griffin  played like a man on a mission after he was hammered by  Jason Smith  in a loss Thursday in New Orleans, earning Smith a two-game suspension that kept him out of this game. Griffin finished with 20 points on 8-for-10 shooting, including one of his most spectacular dunks of the season, and also contributed seven rebounds and five assists ...  Al-Farouq Aminu , who went to New Orleans as part of the package deal that brought Paul to L.A., shot 7-for-8 and scored a team-high 15 points off the bench. NOT:  The Hornets were already thin in the middle with the absence of starting center  Chris Kaman  due to the flu, the continued absence of center  Emeka Okafor  due to a knee injury and Smith's suspension. It didn't help when back-up power forward  Chris Johnson  checked into the game in the first quarter and committed three fouls in five minutes, earning him a seat back on the bench. Johnson got back in the game once it was decided and scored eight of his 11 points in the fourth quarter. GOOD MOVE:  There was some curiosity as to whether Blake would re-pay one of the Hornets with a hard foul of his own. He took the opportunity midway through the third quarter, hammering  Trevor Ariza  with both arms as he went up for a lay up. Ariza responded angrily, earning a technical foul, while Griffin was given a flagrant 1 foul. Griffin didn't engage Ariza, but rather stared down the New Orleans bench as he walked back toward mid-court. The move seem to further inspire his teammates, who responded with a 35-21 run to salt the victory. QUOTABLE II:  "This game was very physical. The game in [New Orleans] was very physical, and I think the guys responded well. Blake came down and was not trying to give them a 3-point play. He tried to go straight up, which we work on, but I thought it was a good foul ... there was no intention to hurt anybody."  --  Clippers head coach  Vinny Del Negro. BAD MOVE:  New Orleans forward  Carl Landry  was playing his second game since missing the previous 26 with a knee injury. Hornets head coach  Monty Williams  elected to start Lance Thomas over Landry, which may have contributed to the Hornets falling behind so early. Williams quickly decided he needed Landry and inserted him into the game with 7:24 still remaining in the first quarter and the Hornets trailing, 13-2, but by then they were in full pursuit mode. Landry finished with 14 points and 10 rebounds in 28 minutes. Thomas had four points and three rebounds in 18 minutes. NOTABLE:  The Clippers came in averaging 22 points in second quarter, 25th-best in the league. They scored 22 in the second against New Orleans, their lowest-scoring quarter of the game. Young, acquired in a trade-deadline deal with Washington on March 15, scored 17 points off the bench, his best game with the Clippers. Paul had 25 points and 10 assists against his former team. The Clippers were without back-up guard  Mo Williams , who is expected to miss two weeks with a sprained left big toe. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Wednesday vs. Phoenix, Friday vs. Portland, Saturday v s. Utah. For the Hornets, Wednesday @ Golden State, Thursday @ Portland, Saturday @ L.A. Lakers.  