  Hornets-Pistons notebook   By Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com Posted Sunday December 19, 2010 10:12PM THE FACTS:  Reserve guard  Will Bynum  scored on a driving layup with 7.4 seconds remaining in overtime, lifting the Detroit Pistons to a 111-108 victory over the New Orleans Hornets Sunday at The Palace. Forward  Tayshaun Prince  had his first double-double this season with 28 points and 12 rebounds as the Pistons won for just the third time in 12 games. Forward  David West  led the Hornets with 32 points. QUOTABLE:  "I'm attacking. I'm not think about the last play. Of course, I was kind of down at the moment but once that play is over with, I'm looking forward to the next possession."    -- Bynum on scoring the game-winning basket after committing a turnover that led to two West free throws which gave New Orleans the lead. THE STAT:  9-14. Pistons guard  Ben Gordon  went 0-for-7 in the first half but shot 9-for-14 after halftime, scoring 24 of his 25 points. Gordon played 44 minutes because  Richard Hamilton  (upset stomach) and  Rodney Stuckey  (sore toe) missed the game and  Tracy McGrady  (sore groin) sat out the second half. TURNING POINT:  New Orleans had both of its point guards,  Chris Paul  and  Jarrett Jack , on the floor after Bynum's go-ahead basket. But neither touched the ball as Pistons center  Jason Maxiell  deflected  Trevor Ariza's  inbounds pass into the backcourt, then out-fought West for the ball and dunked with 0.5 seconds left. QUOTABLE II:  "Those guys never ever gave up. I sit at home and watch games every night and this is one of those games that if I was sitting at home and watching this game, I'd be like, 'Man, how did they lose?' And I'm still trying to figure out how we lost."    -- New Orleans guard  Chris Paul  after falling to the undermanned Pistons. HOT:  West could punch his ticket the All-Star game every season if he could play the Pistons more often. He has averaged 24.1 ppg in his last nine games against Detroit and 26.5 ppg in the last three seasons. NOT : Hornets starting shooting guard  Marco Belinelli  recorded his fifth straight single-digit game, scoring six points in 29 minutes. Belineelli is averaging 7.6 ppg in that span while shooting 32.5 percent. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Tayshaun Prince shot 12-for-16 to boost his season field-goal percentage to 49.4, a career high. He also added a season-high eight assists. Prince is averaging 14.1 ppg, second only to Stuckey on a team that boosts scorers like Gordon, Hamilton and  Charlie Villanueva . GOOD MOVE : Pistons coach  John Kuester  didn't play Maxiell in the first half but inserted Maxiell in an effort to slow down West. Maxiell, who wound up playing 21 minutes, had two steals and forced West into a traveling violation in overtime. BAD MOVE:  Hornets center  Emeka Okafor  committed an offensive foul and a loose ball foul late in the fourth quarter to foul out of the game. That forced the Hornets to use backup  Jason Smith,  who didn't have a point or rebound in overtime. ROOKIE WATCH:  Kuester took  Greg Monroe  out of the starting lineup in favor of Villanueva. Monroe played sparingly in the second half and finished with four points and one rebound. NOTABLE:  The Pistons shot 53 percent from the field but just 56.5 percent from the foul line. ... Bynum's 21 points were a season high. ... Kuester planned to start Gordon even before Hamilton was declared out with an upset stomach. ... The Hornets are 5-10 after starting the season 11-1. UP NEXT:  For the Hornets, Monday @ Indiana, Wednesday vs. New Jersey, Sunday vs. Atlanta. For the Pistons, Wednesday @ Toronto, Sunday vs. Chicago, Monday @ Charlotte.  