
 Hornets-Raptors notebook   By Holly MacKenzie, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday March 1, 2011 11:23PM THE FACTS:  The Toronto Raptors took care of business at home by handling the New Orleans Hornets 96-90 on Tuesday night. It was Toronto's last game before heading to London to take on the New Jersey Nets in the NBA's first regular-season games that will be played in Europe. Coming into the game there were concerns that the Raptors would not be focused on the game, but they quashed those concerns by coming up with a solid performance, led by the stellar play of  Jose Calderon . Calderon finished with a season-high 22 points to go with 16 assists and seven rebounds in the victory. QUOTABLE:  "We have to flush the toilet on this one and get ready for tomorrow."    --  Monty Williams  on his team's performance against the Raptors. The Hornets face the Knicks in New York tomorrow night. THE STAT: Amir Johnson  tied his career-high with seven blocked shots. The Raptors as a team recorded 11 swats, compared to just three for the Hornets. TURNING POINT:  With 1:29 seconds remaining, Calderon recorded his 16th assist of the night, feeding Amir Johnson for a thunderous slam that put the Raptors ahead by seven. On the next possession, Johnson hustled back to defend under the hoop and first blocked an attempt by  Emeka Okafor , then the second attempt by  David West . The play kept the Raptors up seven with less than a minute to play and was indicative of the energy that Johnson played with throughout the game. QUOTABLE II:  "I don't know. I don't know. I'm getting a lot of shots. A lot of shots is right there. Last game, I missed everything right there around the rim, tonight it was just off. I think I've got to find a rhythm or something like that. Find a way to get some easy baskets."    --  Chris Paul  on his recent struggles, especially late in games. HOT:  After reaching double figures for the first time in his last five games against the Mavericks on Sunday, Calderon had his best performance of the season with a season-high 22 points and game-high 16 assists. Calderon also shot 7-for-10 from the floor, including 3-for-4 from deep and 5-for-5 from the free throw line as he outplayed All-Star guard Chris Paul. NOT:  Another night of struggling from the floor for Paul. Paul has shot just 36 percent over his last five games and he wasn't any better against the Raptors, finishing with seven points on 3-for-10 shooting. Paul also was well below his 9.6 assist per game average, finishing with just five dimes against the Raptors. NOTABLE:  Former Raptor  Jarrett Jack  finished with 17 points off the bench for the Hornets. ... West scored a team-high 19 points for the Hornets. He added 10 rebounds and four assists. ... Amir Johnson had eight points and 10 rebounds to go with his seven blocked shots. ... Calderon's double-double was his 12th of the season. UP NEXT:  For the Hornets, Wednesday @ New York, Friday @ Memphis, Sunday @ Cleveland. For the Raptors, Friday @ New Jersey, Saturday @ New Jersey (both games played in London), Wednesday vs. Utah. 
