  Trail Blazers-Magic notebook   By Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com Posted Monday March 7, 2011 11:03PM THE FACTS: LaMarcus Aldridge  scored 24 points and the Portland Trail Blazers took advantage of  Dwight Howard 's one-game suspension in an 89-85 victory over the Orlando Magic on Monday night. Jason Richardson  continued his hot shooting and led the Magic with 22 points, but the Blazers led most of the way in their third straight win. Howard was serving a league suspension for getting his16th technical foul on Friday night. QUOTABLE:  "At least with (Howard) I can guard a guy that is going to be in the paint. Without him out there, I am guarding guards and a whole bunch of shooters and it wasn't easy for me at all."   -- Aldridge THE STAT:  Magic point guards  Jameer Nelson  and  Gilbert Arenas  combined for six assists and 11 turnovers. QUOTABLE II:  "We didn't lose that game because Dwight Howard didn't play. We lost because we had 19 turnovers and they had nine. We have to take accountability for that, all of us. I mean the difference in the game was 19 turnovers to nine."   -- Magic coach  Stan Van Gundy. TURNING POINT:  The Blazers were clinging to a two-point lead with less than six minutes left when Aldridge drove for two straight baskets, stretching the lead to six. The Magic never again got within one possession of tying it. HOT:  Richardson has made 14 of 20 3-point shots in the last three games. NOT:  While playing 352 minutes in the last 11 games,  Hedo Turkoglu  has attempted five free throws. GOOD MOVE:  The Blazers went to Aldridge consistently down the stretch because the Magic had no one to match up with him. QUOTABLE III:  "Our biggest thing (with Howard out) was not to let up. We wanted to make sure we attacked, got to the middle because we know he's not there to defend and they don't have a true backup center."   -- Blazers guard  Brandon Roy. BAD MOVE:  With the Magic down four points and less than 10 seconds left, Turkoglu passed up a 3-point shot and passed to  Earl Clark  in the corner. NOTABLE:  With 4:39 left,  Ryan Anderson  scored on a layup that apparently cut the Blazers' lead to 83-81. Almost two minutes later, during a timeout, the basket was overturned because a replay had revealed a 24-second violation. That turned a five-point Portland lead to seven with 2:47 left. UP NEXT:  For the Blazers, Tuesday @ Miami, Friday @ Charlotte, Saturday @ Atlanta. For the Magic, Wednesday @ Sacramento, Friday @ Golden State, Sunday @ Phoenix.  