Notebook: Nets 94, Hawks 89 
 
 
 Jake Appleman, For NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Jan 18, 2013 11:28 PM - Updated Fri Jan 18, 2013 11:28 PM 
 
 THE FACTS :  Four  Deron Williams  free throws and a big block from  Brook Lopez  carried the Nets down the stretch of a 94-89 victory over the Hawks Friday night at Barclays Center. The Nets (24-16) won the back end of a home-and-home set after getting blown out two nights ago in Atlanta. The Nets looked to be on the verge of coughing up an eight-point lead before the late heroics from Williams and Lopez. Williams, Lopez and  Joe Johnson,  the former Hawks player, combined for 62 points. After struggling in his return to Atlanta, Johnson sank three 3-pointers in the third quarter to break out of a short funk. The Hawks (22-17) got good production from  Jeff Teague   with 21 points, 10 assists.  
 
 QUOTABLE :  "To beat a good team you have got to make free throws. We were fortunate to be able to win with the free throws we missed."  
 -- Nets coach  P.J. Carlesimo  whose team shot 25-for-38 (65.8 percent) from the stripe  
 
 THE STAT :  The game was tied after the first, second and third quarters. 
 
 TURNING POINT : Williams was able to extend the Nets' lead to 92-89 with two free throws before Lopez made his key rejection.  
 
 QUOTABLE II : "We had a hard time getting quality shots when the game slowed down. We could not get very good looks."  
 -- Hawks forward  Kyle Korver  
 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA : Nets statistician Herb Turetzky worked his 1,200th straight game. The streak began in the 1984 playoffs. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH : Both  Mike Scott  and  John Jenkins  saw double-digit minutes for the Hawks.  
 
 NOTABLE: Al Horford  did not play due to a calf injury. ...  Lou Williams  sprained his knee during a fast break in the second quarter. He left the through a tunnel in a wheelchair. He will be evaluated in the upcoming days. ... In his first game back from a one-game suspension,  Josh Smith  didn't register a field goal until a little over one minute remaining in the first half. Smith excited the crowd with an emphatic coast-to-coast tomahawk dunk with 1:02 remaining in regulation. ...  Reggie Evans  grabbed 20 rebounds for the Nets.   
 
 UP NEXT : For the Hawks, Saturday vs. San Antonio, Monday vs. Minnesota, Wednesday @ Charlotte. For the Nets, Monday @ New York, Wednesday @ Minnesota, Friday @ Memphis.  
