  Thunder-Nets notebook   By Jake Appleman, for NBA.com  Posted Thursday December 2, 2010 12:53AM THE FACTS : After a putrid first half that resembled something like a defense paper on a science fiction movie, moving pictures that only lacked a greater frequency of  Royal Ivey ?until regulation's last play, a running 3-pointer sank by  Anthony Morrow ? the Thunder and Nets put on a show that was funkier than a George Clinton concert. The Thunder prevailed 123-120 in triple overtime.  Russell  Westbrook  (38 points, 15 rebounds, nine assists, three steals, five turnovers on 14-32 from the floor) scored all 13 Thunder points in the third overtime, and  Jeff Green  (12-21 from the floor and 9-9 at the stripe for 37 points, 5 rebounds and 4 assists) took turns dominating the game. The loss wasted a special night from  Jordan Farmer,  who tallied career highs in points (28) and minutes (52). Morrow finished with 25 points (3-6 from downtown) and  Brook Lopez  (28 points, 7-23 from the floor, 14-17 from the line, 10 rebounds) turned in an uneven performance. QUOTABLE : "This is my first time, and I'm glad I'm 1-0."  -- Westbrook on the longest professional game he's ever played in. THE STAT:  It took the teams three overtimes to combine for 223 points. TURNING POINT:  Whenever it was between the second and third overtimes that Westbrook?who nearly messed around and got a triple double?decided that he most definitely needed the scoring baton handed off from Green. "I mean, I was just trying to help us win," he said when asked if he was in "get buckets" mode. "And after I hit one or two, you kinda feel good about yourself, and be able to win the game." Durant was seated nearby plugging away on his smart phone. QUOTABLE II:  "No, we have to start getting wins. At the end of the day there isn't any asterisk that said they played hard in this game, it was close here. It's an L or a W. We put ourselves in a position to win and it's time to win those games."  -  Kris Humphries,  talking about if there was any positive to glean from the Nets' effort tonight HOT :  Anthony Morrow  finished with a season-high in points (25) on 9-15 from the field, and 3-6 from long range. NOT:  While the Thunder's support ( Nick Collison, Eric Maynor  and  D.J. White ) helped facilitate things on both ends of the floor, they shot a combined 3-10. GOOD MOVE :  Kevin Durant  sat out with a sprained knee and  Devin Harris  sat out with a knee strain; the crowd was treated to a triple overtime thriller. BAD MOVE:  Kevin Durant sat out with a sprained knee and Devin Harris sat out with a knee strain; the crowd watched some truly brutal basketball at times. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Humphries (6 points, 15 boards, 2 blocks, 2 assists) continues to reward fantasy general managers in need of rebounds. INSIDE THE ARENA:  "Humpty dumpty!" PA impresario  Gary Sussman  belted out, when  Kris Humphries  threw down a two-handed dunk to give the Nets a 49-41 lead late in the first half. Somewhat related, the Wizards'  John Wall  finished with 19 points, 8 assists and 2 steals in a 19-point loss to the Raptors...Vinny from the MTV's Jersey Shore sat courtside...A  Thabo Sefolosha  fastbreak dunk gave the Thunder a 64-57 lead with 2:53 left in the third quarter. At this point, clips from "American Pie", "Batman Forever", "Animal House", and one other movie were shown on the jumbotron... The Nets Dancers performed a scandalous version of "Hot Tottie," a song by Usher, featuring Jay-Z...Ben Uzoh saw 12:15 of action, while Stephen "Moonlight" Graham scored seven points in 23:04 on the court...After a quick 5-0 run to start overtime, Jenifer Lopez's "Let's Get Loud" blared over the loudspeakers. Kim Kardashian was not seated courtside... Ivey played in less than sixteen seconds of game time in the fourth quarter (1.5), the second overtime (7.1) and the third overtime (15.7). The Nets jumped out to a five-point lead in the first overtime, riding the momentum of Morrow's prayer, but the Thunder stormed back behind James Harden, Green and Westbrook to tie it at 100-100. ROOKIE WATCH :  Derrick Favors  had one huge block on Harden, but Westbrook clobbered him on the ensuing possession and he missed both free throws. Favors and the other rookies on the on both teams ( Byron Mullens, Damion James ) didn't factor heavily in a game that saw nine out of the ten starters log at least 30 minutes (Ibaka fouled with 29:59 of action to his credit). NOTABLE:  Westbrook released a primal scream into the atmosphere after finishing an emphatic one-handed tip dunk, off of a missed Ibaka jumper, to give the Thunder a 52-51 lead,,,the suits that Harris and  Daequon Cook  wore were oddly similar ensembles...Ibaka fouled out with 3:35 remaining in overtime...A few sullen fans in Seattle Supersonics #35 Durant jersey were easily visible near the action...By the second overtime, the crowd was groaning on Lopez jumpers, almost like he was Charles Oakley circa '94, which was odd because it felt like Westbrook was Scottie Pippen circa '94...Morrow hit 21 points overall in 45 minutes...The Nets captured 72 seconds worth of 24-second violations in the first two overtimes...For much of the game's latter stages, fans stood, eager with anticipation...According to Ben Couch of NJNets.com, the Nets won all three overtime jump balls..."Humpty Dance" played on the loudspeaker after a Humphries jumper that gave the Nets a 112-110 lead. Westbrook responded naturally, before tying the score again at 114-114...No forwards scored for the Nets in the second overtime. The game moved forward while jogging in its metaphorical place...A leaning fadeaway from Outlaw put the Nets up 117-116, but Westbrook came back again. After Westbrook missed what would have been his fourth consecutive jumper (which would have given him Antoine Walker NBA Jam fire), he grabbed the rebound, then converted a layup and let out his second primal scream of the night. He put the Thunder up 121-117 with under a minute remaining in triple overtime with a remarkable and-one layup conversion. Farmar made it 121-120 with a stepback three around Westbrook, which set up the game's final play...After the game, players on the Thunder jokingly counted their abs, and somebody said, "it's not rocket science."... Quinton Ross  (Nets) and  Morris Peterson  (Thunder) were the only two players that dressed for the game and didn't play. UP NEXT:  For the Thunder, Friday @ Toronto, Sunday vs. Golden State, Monday @ Chicago. For the Nets, Friday @ Charlotte, Sunday vs. Boston, Tuesday @ Atlanta  