Notebook: Raptors 96, Wizards 88 
 
 
 Benjamin Standig, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Feb 20, 2013 12:41 AM - Updated Wed Feb 20, 2013 12:41 AM 
 
 THE FACTS: Rudy Gay  and  DeMar DeRozan  each scored 24 points and the Toronto Raptors defeated the Washington Wizards 96-88 for their fifth straight win. 
 
 Kyle Lowry  had 11 points and 10 rebounds for the Raptors (22-32), who ended the Wizards' three-game home winning streak and overcame a faulty scoreboard and shot clock at the Verizon Center. 
 
 Bradley Beal  led the Wizards (15-37) with 25 points,  Martell Webster  had 16 and  Emeka Okafor  12. 
 Toronto took the lead for good with a 16-6 run closing the second quarter. After Webster's 3-pointer pulled the Wizards within 83-78, the Raptors countered with a 7-1 run capped by Gay's 3-pointer of the game with 2:22 remaining. 
 With the overhead scoreboard malfunctioning, temporary shot clocks and a scoreboard were placed on the floor while the public address announcer stated the score and shot clock status occasionally. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "They forgot a few times to do a countdown. In the NBA, those things happen. I thought it was just as on the officials as it was us. You get in the habit of looking for the clock and you don't see it. That was the main thing." 
 
 -- Raptors coach  Dwane Casey , on the random announcing of the shot clock by the arena's announcer 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Both teams committed 17 turnovers, but Toronto turned them into 24 points compared to 15 for Washington, 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I told them the whole fourth quarter, 'you're down five, you're down four, you're down six' and we hadn't played worth a crap leading up to that, You got to stay with it. It can turn like that, but I don't know if we always give ourselves chance to let it turn." 
 
 -- Wizards coach  Randy Wittman  on his team's inability to overcome their own miscues in the fourth quarter 
 
 
 HOT:  In a game with lackluster offense on both sides, finding someone for this category is daunting, but DeRozan scored 15 points in the first half on 6-for-10 shooting. The wing guard finished 9-for-18 from the field and 6-for-7 from the free throw line where the Raptors collectively were 18-for-20. 
 
 NOT: John Wall  committed seven turnovers and finished 1-for-12 from the field against Toronto, finishing with nine points. With their point guard out of sync, the Wizards shot 38.5 percent from the floor. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "It brought back memories for me. I loved it, the shot clock on the floor. I thought I had shorts on." 
 
 -- Wittman, who played in the NBA from 1983-92, on the game's throwback feel because of the alternate shot clocks in use.  
 
 
 NOTABLE:   Washington's  Jordan Crawford , tied for second on the team in scoring entering the game, did not play for the fourth straight game despite fans chanting his name during the second half. After sitting slumped in his chair on the bench for nearly the entire game, the volume shooting guard removed his jersey and threw it into the stands after the final buzzer. Crawford exited the locker room before reporters entered. ... Gay, acquired from Memphis on Jan. 30, plays the Grizzlies on Wednesday. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Raptors, Wednesday vs. Memphis, Friday vs. New York, Monday vs. Washington; For the Wizards, Friday vs. Denver, Saturday vs. Houston, Monday @ Toronto. 
