Notebook: Suns 106, Kings 96 
 
 
 James Ham, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Thu Jan 24, 2013 1:13 AM - Updated Thu Jan 24, 2013 1:13 AM 
 
 THE FACTS:  The Phoenix Suns got  Lindsey Hunter  a win his first game as an NBA head coach, besting the Sacramento Kings 106-96 at Sleep Train Arena. 
 
 Michael Beasley  caught fire late and finished with 19 points on 8-for-15 shooting in just 22 minutes.   Luis Scola  added 21 points and seven rebounds as six Suns scored in double figures in the win. 
 
 DeMarcus Cousins  notched another big game for the Kings, finishing with 15 points and 15 rebounds.  Rookie forward  Thomas Robinson  shined in his 26 minutes of play, scoring 12 points and grabbing 14 rebounds, while  Tyreke Evans  added 16 points, six rebounds and four assists.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "It's real exciting.  I'm more excited for the guys than anything else because they've worked so hard these couple of days for me and this is a long, long journey and this is just the beginning for all of us." 
 -- Lindsey Hunter 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Kings didn't value the ball and the result was a season-high 24 turnovers.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Kings took a 77-74 lead into the fourth quarter, but were outscored by 13 in the quarter, mostly by Beasley. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "Right now we've proven we can lose against everybody.  We've made that really clear.  We can lose against every team in the NBA." 
 -- Luis Scola 
 
 
 HOT I:  Beasley went crazy on the Kings in the fourth, scoring 13 of his 19 points in the final quarter as the Suns pulled away late. 
 
 HOT II:  James Johnson  had a huge impact in the first half, scoring 11 points off the bench on 5-for-5 shooting and blocking two shots.  He didn't fair as well in the second half.      
 
 NOT:  Isaiah Thomas  had a rough shooting night, finishing with six points and seven assists on 2-for-10 from the floor.   
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Coach  Keith Smart  went to Thomas Robinson early in the second half to slow down  Markieff Morris  and the rookie responded with his best game as a pro.   
 
 BAD MOVE:  Johnson couldn't slow Beasley at all in the fourth quarter and it took way too long for Smart to try something different. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Hunter coached his first NBA game for the Suns.  Robinson set a new career high in rebounds with 14.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Suns, Thursday vs. L.A. Clippers, Saturday @ San Antonio, Sunday @ Dallas. For the Kings, Friday vs. Oklahoma City, Saturday @ Denver, Monday @ Washington.  
