Notebook: Heat 102, Raptors 97 
 
 
 Zachary Paul, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Jan 05, 2014 10:02 PM - Updated Sun Jan 05, 2014 10:59 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Heat avoided losing consecutive home games for the first time since March 2011.   
 
 THE LEAD:  LeBron James  was back to his usual self, scoring a game-high 30 points and leading the Miami Heat to a 102-97 victory over the Toronto Raptors on Sunday at AmericanAirlines Arena.  
 The Heat (26-8) trailed by many as nine in the second half before hanging on at the end. Behind 100-97, the Raptors (16-16) had a chance to tie but guard  Kyle Lowry  barely missed a 3-pointer from the wing. James then sealed it with two free throws.  
 The Heat have now won four of five and snapped the Raptors' five-game winning streak. James also had five rebounds and four assists in 38 minutes. Forward  Michael Beasley  scored 17 points off the bench while  Dwyane Wade  added 14 points and nine rebounds. It was Wade's first time playing a back-to-back since mid-November. He typically would sit the second game after experiencing a setback earlier this season against the Charlotte Bobcats.  
 
 DeMar DeRozan  led the Raptors with 26 points and seven assists.  Amir Johnson  and  Jonas Valanciunas  each finished with 17 points.  
 
 QUOTABLE:    "The first half, there were some stretches we weren't playing hard enough defensively. They were able to shake free for some open ones. In the third quarter, we were playing much more competitive and they were making them, which was tough. But I like that we stayed with it mentally."  
 -- Heat coach  Erik Spoelstra 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Heat shot 23-for-27 from the free-throw line. It proved to be the difference, considering the Raptors went  12-for-21 in a five-point game.       
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Heat trailed 84-79 early in the third quarter before changing the momentum with a 13-2 run. Miami grabbed its first second-half lead on a sweeping hook by  Chris Bosh  with 8:50 remaining in the quarter.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "They turned up the pressure. They made us put it on the floor. They put us on the free-throw line but we didn't convert. We've got to make free throws against a team like this." 
 -- Raptors coach  Dwane Casey 
 
 
 HOT:  James showed he was past his Saturday night struggles against the Magic. He shot 12-for-18 from the field, but more importantly cut down the turnovers that plagued him the last three games.  His ball-handling was needed in the second half, too, with  Mario Chalmers  sidelined with an injury.  
 
 NOT:  Bosh saw his efficiency streak come to an end. He had shot at least 50 percent from the field in 11 of 12 games but struggled in the second game of a back-to-back. Bosh finished just 2-for-9 from the field. He did, however, grab 11 rebounds.  
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Now, Miami knows Wade is capable of playing on consecutive nights. This was sort of litmus test to see how he would respond. Wade passed the test with flying colors, showing no signs of pain. For now, his knee issues are a thing of the past.   
 
 BAD MOVE:  With the game on the line, the Raptors' youth began to show. DeRozan and Johnson both had ill-advised shots in the final two minutes. They abandoned attacking the basket, which was part of the reason they were in the game so long.  
 
 NOTABLE:  Raptors forward  Tyler Hansbrough  did not play because of a sprained ankle. He is expected to return in three or four days, according to Casey. ... Heat forward  Shane Battie r missed his second straight game with a sore quadriceps. His status is day-to-day. ... Chalmers did not play the second half because of knee tendinitis.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Tuesday vs. New Orleans, Thursday @ New York, Friday @ Brooklyn. For the Raptors, Tuesday @ Indiana, Wednesday vs. Detroit, Saturday vs. Brooklyn. 
