  Notebook: Clippers 93, Trail Blazers 88 Posted Monday January 2, 2012 1:03AM THE FACTS: Chris Paul  made sure the Clippers didn't blow a 17-point fourth-quarter lead Sunday night against the visiting Trail Blazers. After Portland had cut the deficit to four with 4:46 left in the game, Paul banked in a 3-point basket just before the shot clock buzzer. He later drove to the basket for a lay up after the Trail Blazers had trimmed the lead back to two with 29 seconds left and finally won a jump ball against  Jamal Crawford  with 4.3 seconds remaining, despite giving up five inches, clinching the 93-88 victory at Staples Center. QUOTABLE:  "That's what he does, he wins games for us."  --  Clippers forward  Blake Griffin  on Paul. THE STAT:  The Clippers came into the game giving up and average of 105 points through their first three games, the most in the league. Portland came in averaging 106.3 points in its first three, which also led the league. Portland was destined to fall way short of that mark early on, managing just 17 points in the opening quarter and 36 at the half. They made things interesting with a 36-point final quarter. TURNING POINT:  The Clippers gave up a basket on the first possession of the game but that would be the last time they'd trail. Paul made sure he got everyone involved on the ensuing 11-2 run and the Trail Blazers never got back within two points. The final basket in the run was a 3-pointer by  Randy Foye , giving every Clippers starter at least one field goal a little more than four minutes into the game. Paul assisted on three of the buckets. HOT:  In the opening minutes of the first three quarters, the Clippers were able to extend their lead each time. They outscored the Trail Blazers, 11-4, the first 4 1/2 minutes of the game, 11-5, the first 5 1/2 minutes of the second quarter to take a 10-point lead, and 8-0 the first 2 1/2 minutes of the third to stretch their advantage to 52-36. NOT:  The Trail Blazers committed 19 turnovers through the first three quarters, leading to 18 points by the Clippers. Portland point guard  Raymond Felton  was the main offender with six giveaways, Crawford was right behind with five. GOOD MOVE:  Paul came into the game with at least one steal in the last 12 games dating back to last season, the second-longest active streak behind  Rudy Gay  of the Grizzlies (16). Paul showed his hands at the end of the early third-quarter run, swiping the ball from Felton and speeding the other way for a lay up and a 16-point lead. Paul finished with 17 points and seven assists. BAD MOVE:  Clippers small forward  Caron Butler  was having a strong game until the final minutes. An 84.7 percent career shooter from the free-throw line, he missed two foul shots with 1:17 remaining and the Clippers clinging to a four-point lead. His missed an open 3-pointer on the next trip down the floor and Portland went the other way to cut the deficit to two on a bank shot by  LaMarcus Aldridge  with 29 seconds left. Butler finished with 19 points, second only to Blake Griffin's 20. NOTABLE:  The Clippers played their second consecutive game without starting shooting guard  Chauncey Billups , who has a strained groin. Foye started in his place and finished with eight points.  Mo Williams  spelled Foye and Paul off the bench and scored 13. The Clippers came in averaging the fewest turnovers in the league (11.0), but committed 21 ... With Portland's loss, only two undefeated teams remain in the NBA, Miami and Oklahoma City ... Clippers coach  Vinny Del Negro  and Trail Blazers coach  Nate McMillan  were teammates at North Carolina State ... The Clippers have won three straight on New Year's Day, all against Portland. The previous two games were played in 2006 and 2002. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Wednesday vs. Houston, Saturday vs. Milwaukee, Jan 10 @ Portland. For the Trail Blazers, Tuesday @ Oklahoma City, Thursday vs. Lakers, Friday @ Phoenix.  