Notebook: Raptors 95, Knicks 83 
 
 
 Adam Zagoria, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Dec 27, 2013 10:37 PM - Updated Fri Dec 27, 2013 10:52 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Knicks dropped to 4-12 at home this season. 
 
 THE LEAD: DeMar DeRoza n scored a game-high 25 points,  Jonas Valanciunas  notched a double-double of 16 points and a career-best 18 rebounds and  Kyle Lowry  added a double-double of 15 points and 11 assists as the first-place Toronto Raptors (12-15) beat the Knicks, 95-83, at Madison Square Garden. 
 Playing without  Carmelo Anthony  for the second straight game because of a sprained ankle, the Knicks (9-20) were led by  Andrea Bargnani's  18 points and 12 rebounds and  J.R. Smith's  17 points, seven rebounds and six assists. 
 
 Tim Hardaway Jr.  added 15 points and  Beno Udrih  had a double-double of 15 points and 10 assists to go with four steals. 
 Anthony, who did not sit on the bench during the game, is expected to miss the second half of the home-and-home Saturday night in Toronto. 
 
 QUOTABLE : "We play to win every night. If at the end of the day we win it, we win it. Our goal is definitely to take it game by game and we will see the outcome at the 82nd game."  --  DeRozan on being atop the Atlantic Division 
 
 
 QUOTABLE I I : "I think tonight our defense really created a lot of offense for us. We got a chance to get out and run and make some decisions out in the open floor."  --  Lowry 
 
 
 THE STAT : The Raptors went 23-for-33 from the line, while the Knicks shot 13-for-21. 
 
 TURNING POINT : The Knicks blew two double-digit leads, one in the first half and one in the second. After going ahead by 12 points in the third quarter, the Knicks fell behind 74-73 on a 3-pointer by  John Salmons  with about eight minutes remaining. That was part of a 14-4 Toronto run that put the Raptors up 83-77. Salmons scored six during the spurt and DeRozan and Valanciunas four apiece. The Raptors outscored the Knicks, 29-12, in the fourth. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I wish I knew...We just didn't make shots."  --  Knicks coach  Mike Woodson  on what happened 
 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "We gotta almost play a perfect game until we're whole again."  --  Woodson 
 
 
 WHO'S HOT : After going for a career-high 21 points on Christmas, Hardaway Jr. followed it up with another strong game. 
 
 WHO'S NOT:  Playing despite a contused left thigh,  Iman Shumpert  went scoreless with one rebound in the loss. 
 
 QUOTABLE IV:  "It just makes me proud because I'm on him more than anybody...I just want to see him be the best player...I'll buy him dinner one day."  --  Lowry on Valanciunas 
 
 
 NOTABLE: Raymond Felton  (groin) and  Pablo Prigioini  (toe) remained out for the Knicks. Prigioni hopes to return next week during the team's Texas swing. 
 
 NOTABLE II:  Woodson declined comment on a report that owner  Jim Dolan  told the team there would be no trades or coaching changes. "I'm not here to discuss in-house matters," he said. 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA: Louis CK  and  Andrew McCarthy  sat courtside. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Saturday @ Toronto, Thursday @ San Antonio, January 3 @ Houston. For the Raptors, Saturday vs. New York, Tuesday @ Chicago, Wednesday @ Indiana. 
