  Knicks-Cavs notebook   By Sam Amico, for NBA.com  Posted Saturday December 18, 2010 11:53PM THE FACTS : For the past three games, Cleveland was playing with the hustle and intensity coach  Byron Scott  had been seeking. On Saturday night, the Cavaliers were finally rewarded, gutting out a 109-102 overtime win over visiting New York and snapping a 10-game losing streak.  Mo Williams  led the way with 23 points, 14 assists and a big game-tying floater in the lane with 3.7 seconds left in regulation.  Antawn Jamison  added 21 points and  Anderson Varejao  had 14 points and 17 rebounds for the Cavaliers (8-19). QUOTABLE:  "Our guys earned it, no doubt about it. After the game, we talked about playing this way for the rest of the season."    -- Cavs coach Byron Scott THE STAT:  The Knicks (16-12) have lost three straight following an eight-game winning streak. The loss also snapped their run of eight straight road wins. TURNING POINT:  After Williams made his shot to tie it at 93-all with 3.9 seconds left, the Knicks called timeout.  Danilo Gallinari  then inbounded the ball to  Amar'e Stoudemire  (23 points, 11 rebounds), who missed a 12-foot fadeaway at the buzzer. The Cavs took over in the OT. Interestingly, Stoudmire's shot was considerably closer than the 3-pointer he buried just after the buzzer against Boston the other night. QUOTABLE II:  "I thought we were depleted of energy most of the night. They ground it out and we didn't. ... It was a test of character, and we failed the test today."    -- Knicks coach  Mike D'Antoni HOT:  Cavs guard  Anthony Parker  scored exactly 17 points for the second straight night. NOT:  Gallinari shot 3-for-14 , including 1-for-10 on threes, for seven points. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  With averages of 4.4 points and 1.2 rebounds entering the night, chances are Knicks forward  Shawne Williams  wasn't on too many fantasy rosters. But that could change after a 12-point (on 4-for-7 shooting) and seven-rebound performance Saturday. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Considering  Walt Frazier  is the color analyst for broadcasts of Knicks games, his presence wasn't exactly newsworthy. But the fact he was wearing a black suit with lime green boots might be. ROOKIE WATCH:  Knicks guard  Landry Fields  nailed a 3-pointer to give the Knicks their final lead in regulation (93-91) with 1:52 left. He finished with 11 points, six rebounds and three steals. NOTABLE:  The Cavs have won nine straight over the Knicks. Which means when you factor in Miami's win in New York Friday,  LeBron James  has beaten the Knicks 10 straight times. UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Wednesday vs. Oklahoma City, Saturday vs. Chicago, Tuesday @ Miami. For the Cavs, Monday vs. Utah, Wednesday @ Atlanta, Sunday vs. Minnesota.  