Notebook: Warriors 102, Lakers 83 
 
 
 Geoff Lepper, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Dec 22, 2013 2:29 AM - Updated Sun Dec 22, 2013 2:29 AM 
 
 THE FACT: Andrew Bogut  became the first Warrior to grab at least 18 rebounds in back-to-back games since  Erick Dampier  did it in 2004. 
 
 THE LEAD:   David Lee  scored 19 points with 10 rebounds and the Golden State Warriors didn't let another injury-riddled opponent get away Saturday, pasting the depleted Los Angeles Lakers, 102-83. 
 Warriors guards  Stephen Curry  and  Klay Thompson  overcame matching 5-for-15 shooting nights to score 18 and 17 points, respectively. 
 Golden State center  Andrew Bogut  grabbed 20 rebounds for the ninth time in his career. He and the rest of the Warriors were afforded plenty of opportunities to chase down loose balls in the wake of the Lakers' season-low 32.5 percent shooting from the floor. 
 
 Nick Young  scored a game-high 20 points for the Lakers, who had to make do without center  Pau Gasol , who missed the game due to an upper respiratory infection. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We made multiple-effort plays. We tried to disrupt what they were doing. We communicated on the defensive end. And then we limited them to one shot. All the things that put us in position to be a dangerous team, [according] to all the preseason analysts and experts, we did it. We've got to have a steady diet of that."  
 -- Warriors coach  Mark Jackson 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Finishing up a back-to-back with their top four options at point guard --  Steve Nash, Steve Blake, Jordan Farmar  and  Kobe Bryant  -- all unavailable due to injury led to a double-whammy for Los Angeles: a season-low 11 assists against a season-high-tying 24 turnovers. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Lakers hung around during the first half by limiting the Warriors' offensive output, but there was nothing they could do to salvage the situation once their own shooting went thoroughly off the rails in the third quarter. Los Angeles started the period 2-for-19 from the floor before finishing 3-for-21, with misses on all eight shots outside of 8 feet. In all, the Lakers scored just 15 points and watched their halftime deficit of four points expand to 15 by quarter's end. 
 
 HOT:  Thompson is still struggling from the floor -- as evidenced by his 5-for-15 night -- but he showed some signs of life in the third quarter when he scored the Warriors' first five points on a 3-pointer and a pair of free throws. Thompson drained another trey in transition at the 6:39 mark to put the Warriors up by 10 points for the first time all night. Los Angeles never got to within single digits again. 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  After Young put up a highlight-reel dunk for the Lakers early in the fourth quarter, Warriors forward  Marreese Speights  clearly wanted no part of a sequel. As Young coiled for his repeat performance, Speights delivered an arm-bar to Young's throat, earning a type-2 flagrant foul and ejection in the process. It cut short one of Speights' most productive nights as a Warrior: 10 points, 5-for-9 shooting, three rebounds and two blocks in 13 minutes. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Bogut got assertive and tied his season-high with 12 shots. He knocked down six of them on a night where no other Warriors player -- outside of Speights -- reached the 50 percent mark. 
 
 NOT:  The Lakers tried to exploit the fact that Golden State guarded  Wesley Johnson  with Curry, but it didn't work as they hoped. Johnson missed all seven shots, including five 3-pointers  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I think we ran out of gas. You saw the energy. ... We gave ourselves a chance for a while, but we had to come up with some big shots. Nick had to get really hot, or Wes Johnson had to heat up. Somebody had to step out, and we just didn't have it."  
 -- Lakers coach  Mike D'Antoni 
 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT: Chris Kaman  filled in for Gasol and collected 17 boards. That was good, because he needed to offset a 5-for-17 night from the floor. 
 
 NOTABLE:  The Warriors were able to get away with committing 18 turnovers because the rudderless Lakers never made them pay at the other end. Golden State outscored Los Angeles 28-7 in terms of points off TOs and 28-11 on fast-break production. ... Curry's streak of consecutive games with at least 20 points was snapped at 12. That's still a career-best for the fifth-year guard. ... Lakers forward  Jordan Hill  had 14 points and 10 rebounds for his fifth double-double of the season. ... D'Antoni said he didn't know if Gasol would be back in time for the team's next game, Monday in Phoenix. ... Point guard  Kendall Marshall  made his Lakers debut in the second quarter. He finished with four turnovers and one 3-pointer in six minutes. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Monday @ Phoenix, Wednesday vs. Miami, Friday @ Utah. For the Warriors, Monday @ Denver, Wednesday vs. L.A. Clippers, Friday vs. Phoenix. 
