Notebook: Lakers 102, Warriors 95 
 
 
 Dan Arritt for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Nov 23, 2013 2:11 AM - Updated Sat Nov 23, 2013 2:11 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Los Angeles Lakers ran their home winning streak against the Golden State Warriors to 11 games. 
 
 THE LEAD:  The Warriors got even thinner at the point guard spot Friday night against the Lakers, who dropped them 102-95 at Staples Center Friday night.  Stephen Curry  missed his second straight game with a concussion,  Toney Douglas  missed his sixth straight game with a leg injury and  Andre Iguodala , forced to play out of position at the point because of the injuries, went down with a left hamstring strain late in the third quarter. The Lakers (6-7) took full advantage as starting point guard  Steve Blake  and backup  Jordan Farmar  each scored 14 points and helped force 19 turnovers, leading the Lakers. David Lee led the Warriors (8-5) with 21 points. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We're a no-excuse basketball team and it's just disappointing right now. ...  We cannot walk away with a good taste with how we played and the effort we put forth." 
 --Warriors coach  Mark Jackson 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Lakers have won back-to-back games for the first time this season.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  Iguodala, who came in shooting 47.8 percent from 3-point range, made his first 3 of the game to tie the score at 63 with 4:22 left in the third quarter. But shortly after stealing a pass from  Xavier Henry , he headed to the locker room limping badly and clutching his left leg. The Lakers seized the moment and took off on a 15-0 run that stretched into the early parts of the fourth quarter. The Warriors never got closer than seven after that sequence.  
 
 HOT:  Lakers center  Pau Gasol  played like the four-time All Star many have come to expect in L.A. He scored a team-high 24 points on 11-for-19 shooting and pulled down 10 rebounds. He earned his points with a variety of spin moves in the post, some face-up perimeter shots and a few turnaround jumpers.  Nick Young  continues to flourish in a reserve role for the Lakers, scoring 21.  Harrison Barnes  was the only Golden State player who really shined, shooting 9-for-14 and scoring 20 points. Lee scored a team-high 21 points but shot just 7-for-17, while he and  Andrew Bogut  collected 13 rebounds each.  
 
 QUOTABLE II : "If we keep playing like we played tonight, there won't be no stopping us." 
 --Lakers forward  Jordan Hill 
 
 
 NOT:  The Warriors shot 6-for-21 in the opening quarter and only slightly warmed up from there.  Klay Thompson , who scored a career-high 38 points when these teams last met Oct. 30, shooting 15-for-19 from the floor, finished 6-for-20 with 19 points, his worst shooting game of the season. His lowest-scoring game of the season also took place inside Staples Center, when he was held to 10 points in a loss to the Clippers on Nov. 1. The Warriors were 10-for-19 at the free-throw line at one point in the second half, but went 8-for-9 down the stretch to finish at a somewhat respectable 64.3 percent clip. Iguodala had six turnovers in the 28 minutes he was on the floor. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Young's impressive night wasn't limited to his offensive contributions. Midway through the first quarter, he poked the ball away from Barnes on the perimeter and it rolled to Farmar. Young knew where to go next, making a B-line for the basket where he got the basketball back for a layup. Barnes was involved in the top defensive play for Golden State, blocking  Jodie Meeks  from behind on a second-quarter breakaway, which led to an easy transition bucket for Bogut going the other direction. 
 
 BAD MOVE : Blake and  Wesley Johnson  executed a couple nice lobs this season and connected on one early against Golden State, but then they went to the well once too often. On the final two tries, Johnson didn't come close to catching the ball in flight as he was well defended, leading to two of the five turnovers for Blake and some easy transition points for the Warriors. The Lakers needed to stick with what they do best and not try to imitate their Staples Center co-tenants, the Clippers. 
 
 NOTABLE:  For every point scored against the Warriors, Gasol will donate $1,000 toward the Typhoon Haiyan relief in the Philippines. ... With the absence of Curry and Douglas, rookie  Nemanja Nedovic  was the only available point guard for the Warriors, but he played just six minutes, missing both shot attempts.  Kent Bazemore , a natural shooting guard, filled in at the point after Iguodala left the game. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Sunday vs. Sacramento, Tuesday @ Washington, Wednesday @ Brooklyn. For the Warriors, Saturday vs. Portland, Tuesday @ New Orleans, Wednesday @ Dallas. 
