Notebook: Mavericks 108, Magic 100 
 
 
 Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Nov 16, 2013 11:23 PM - Updated Sat Nov 16, 2013 11:23 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  Rookie  Victor Oladipo 's nine turnovers cost the Orlando Magic a chance to beat the Dallas Mavericks. 
 
 THE LEAD:   Monta Ellis  led six Mavericks in double figures with 19 points and Dallas led all the way after a flurry of Magic turnovers late in the first quarter, winning 108-100. 
 
 Dirk Nowitzki  and  DeJuan Blair  scored 18 each for the Mavericks, who shot 51.2 percent despite missing 11 of their first 13 shots in the fourth quarter. 
 
 Arron Afflalo  scored a game-high 25 points for the Magic, who were down by only four points midway through the fourth quarter when Oladipo turned the ball over four times. 
 Orlando shot 52.9 percent  but had 19 turnovers. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "It's just a moment where I have to learn. It was a real close game and I have to learn to execute in those times . . . Most of it really is on me, the point guard. The point guard has to be a leader out there so I've got to do a better job." -- Oladipo  
 
 THE STAT:  For the first time ever, the Magic held four straight opponents below 40 percent shooting earlier this month. In the four games since then, Magic opponents have shot a collective 51 percent. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Dallas moved ahead permanently late in the first quarter when four Magic turnovers in a span of less than two minutes contributed to a 9-0 Mavericks run in which four different players scored.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I think we're looking for each other. We're sharing the wealth out there. It's starting to show. At times we have some lapses on defense, but you're going to have those." 
 -- Mavericks forward  Shawn Marion 
 
 
 HOT:  Blair came off the Dallas bench with 7-of-9 shooting. 
 
 NOT:  Afflalo's career-high game three nights ago included eight 3-point field goals. He failed to hit a three against Dallas. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  With 1:29 remaining, Ellis drew a charge (on Oladipo) that may have clinched the game for Dallas. Officials reviewed the call before confirming it. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "He was out of control. I saw it the whole time, and I just stuck my body in and took the charge." 
 -- Ellis 
 
 
 BAD MOVE:   Jameer Nelson  did not play in the fourth quarter, putting Oladipo at the point for most of the 12 minutes. 
 
 QUOTABLE IV:   "(Nelson) was not hurt and it was more of a coaching decision. At the time we were playing small and it gave us a chance to keep Vic in the game and (have him) experience a fourth quarter and try to come back.'' 
 -- Magic coach  Jacque Vaughn 
 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Gal Mekel  had six points and two assists in 13 minutes for the Mavericks. 
 
 NOTABLE:  The Mavericks have won eight straight times in Orlando going back to March 31, 2006. ... After missing seven games with a torn meniscus in his left knee, Magic forward  Solomon Jones  played eight minutes. ... It was only the second NBA game this season in which both teams shot better than 51 percent. The other was Miami's 111-110 win over Boston on Nov. 9.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Mavericks; Monday vs. Philadelphia, Wednesday vs. Houston, Friday vs. Utah. For the Magic: Wednesday vs. Miami, Saturday @ Miami, Sunday (Nov. 24) vs. Phoenix. 
