  Notebook: Grizzlies 100, Nuggets 97   By Marlon W. Morgan, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday February 1, 2012 12:38AM THE FACTS:  The Memphis Grizzlies finally found their grit and grind, just in time to snap their season-long four-game losing streak with a 100-97 overtime victory over the Denver Nuggets on Tuesday night. The Grizzlies shot poorly once again (38 percent), but managed to score 21 points off of 25 Denver turnovers to earn the come-from-behind win. QUOTABLE:  "We made outstanding hustle plays all night long. Guys were diving and leaving their hearts and souls out there. I told them that's who we are. That's how we got to where we are. Last year, this year, it's always been with our effort."    -- Grizzlies coach  Lionel Hollins THE STAT:  Despite pulling out the victory, the Grizzlies shot 38 percent, marking the fourth time in the last five games they have shot less than 40 percent from the floor. TURNING POINT:  Denver guard  Andre Miller  went to the free throw line with the Nuggets holding an 84-79 lead with 4:30 left in regulation. But the 79 percent free throw shooter missed a pair, and the Grizzlies went on to close out the fourth quarter on a 10-6 run to force overtime. Miller's three missed free throws on the night all game in the final 4:30. HOT:  Denver forward  Al Harrington  came off the bench and did all he could to help get his team a win. Harrington scored 23 points on 8-for-16 shooting. He also hauled in 10 rebounds and dished out four assists and had a couple of steals. NOT:  Harrington got extended minutes (38) due to the ineffectiveness of  Danilo Gallinari , who came into the game averaging 17.8 points. Gallinari missed nine of his 10 shots and finished with just eight points in just under 25 minutes. QUOTABLE II:  "We've had a great month of January. It might have been the best month I've ever had in Denver in my mind."    -- Denver coach  George Karl  on his team finishing January with a 12-5 record     GOOD MOVE:  Because the Grizzlies have struggled at the backup guard position and knowing that the Nuggets had savvy veteran Miller as its backup point guard, Hollins used  O.J. Mayo  as his backup to  Mike Conley  in the first half. And when Denver went small in the second half, using  Ty Lawson  and Miller together with guard  Arron Afflalo , it allowed Hollins to play Conley and Mayo with  Tony Allen . NOTABLE:  Grizzlies forward  Rudy Gay  bounced back from his one-point effort Monday against San Antonio to post a 20-point, 13-rebound effort against Denver. Gay also had five assists, two blocked shots and a pair of steals that left him tied with former Grizzly  Shane Battier  at the franchise's all-time steals leader with 523. ... Despite their poor shooting, the Grizzlies managed to have five players score in double figures. Joining Gay was  Marc Gasol  (20 points), Mayo (18), Allen (17), and Conley with 11. ... Denver point guard Ty Lawson returned to action after missing two games with a sprained left ankle. He played 34 minutes, scoring 12 points with four assists, but had five turnovers. ... Gasol was the game's iron man, playing 50 minutes. In addition to 20 points, Gasol had 13 rebounds and three blocked shots. UP NEXT:  For the Nuggets, Thursday @ L.A. Clippers, Friday vs. L.A. Lakers, Saturday @ Portland. For the Grizzlies, Thursday @ Atlanta, Friday @ Oklahoma City, Sunday @ Boston.  