  Notebook: Rockets 107, Wolves 92   By Phil Miller, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday January 24, 2012 12:14AM THE FACTS: Kyle Lowry  recorded his second career triple-double, and  Kevin Martin  scored 31 points, leading the Rockets to their seventh consecutive victory, 107-92 over the Timberwolves in Minneapolis.  Kevin Love  nailed all five of his 3-pointers and scored a season-high 39 points to go with a dozen rebounds, but it wasn't enough to overcome the Wolves' missed layups and costly turnovers, resulting in Minnesota's second straight loss. Kevin McHale , returning to Target Center for the first time since he was fired as Timberwolves' coach and general manager in 2009, was loudly booed in the arena he once called home. But his coaching, and in particular an imaginative four-guard lineup, helped the Hall of Fame forward gain a little satisfaction against his old team. Martin had 21 points by halftime to help Houston open a double-digit lead early, and he cruised to his third straight game of 25 or more points. Lowry directed McHale's offense for 16 points, 10 assists and 10 rebounds, while  Goran Dragic  scored 14 points, all in the second half, to help Houston win for the eighth straight time in Minnesota. The Timberwolves, with a roster reduced to just nine healthy players and no small forwards, stayed in the game thanks to Love's sixth 30-point game of the season. But they were undone by turnovers, 10 in the fourth quarter alone. QUOTABLE:  "They play four guards at once! Kevin Martin at the four? That was weird." --  Minnesota guard  Ricky Rubio , on the Rockets' small lineup that helped Houston outscore the Wolves by 10 points in the fourth quarter. THE STAT:  16 -- Missed layups by the Timberwolves, which more than offset their excellent (5-for-12) 3-point shooting and left them with a 41.3 percent shooting percentage TURNING POINT:  The Timberwolves had rallied from a 12-point deficit to take a five-point lead late in the third quarter when Rockets' reserve guard Dragic began to take over. Dragic repeatedly drove to the basket, forcing contact and making layups, scoring nine points in a 19-1 Houston spurt that put the game away. QUOTABLE II:  "I stopped worrying about getting booed thirty-some years ago."   --  Rockets coach McHale, a native Minnesotan, former Wolves coach and once one of the state's most beloved athletes, on the inhospitable welcome from Target Center fans when he was introduced. HOT:  The Rockets' seven-game winning streak coincides with Martin's confident shooting. The seventh-year guard has scored at least 25 points in five of the victories, and 89 points in the last three games alone. He's also 11-for-28 on 3-pointers in the last three games. NOT:  Wolves point guard Rubio said he feels guilty after Monday's game, mostly because of his five turnovers. But his shooting has abandoned him lately, too; Rubio has made just 9 of 41 shots in the Wolves' last four games, a 22 percent success rate. INSIDE THE ARENA: Glen Taylor , the owner who allowed Kevin McHale to make all of the Timberwolves' personnel decisions for a decade, sat courtside in his usual seat, but he never approached McHale, or vice versa, to say hello. They haven't spoken since McHale was fired by Wolves general manager  David Kahn  in 2009. ... Several Rockets players came over to the Minnesota bench just before tipoff to shake hands with Wolves coach  Rick Adelman , whose four-year stint as Houston's coach ended last summer. GOOD MOVE:  With the Wolves getting little production from their big men other than Love, Houston coach McHale decided to go with an ultra-small lineup in the fourth quarter, benching  Luis Scola  and  Samuel Dalembert  and instead using four guards and forward  Patrick Patterson  for nearly seven minutes. The quickness helped force 10 Minnesota turnovers in the fourth quarter, short-circuiting any hope of a Wolves' rally. BAD MOVE:  Minnesota came out looking for outside shots in the first quarter, despite Love's ability to score inside, and by missing seven of their eight shots of 20 feet or more -- including going 0-for-4 in the quarter on 3-pointers -- the Wolves dug a deficit that reached 12 points late in the period. ROOKIE WATCH:  With  Wesley Johnson  out with the flu, Wolves forward  Derrick Williams  made his first career start, albeit at a strange position. Playing small forward for the first time all season, the No. 2 pick in last June's draft managed 11 points on 3-for-9 shooting in a season-high 37 minutes, his sixth double-digit scoring game of the year. He also grabbed seven rebounds. NOTABLE:  Wolves forward  Michael Beasley  missed his 10th straight game with a sprained right foot, guard  J.J. Barea  sat out for the sixth time in seven games with a sprained left ankle, and Wolves coach Adelman said it's unlikely either will play this week. Meanwhile, Adelman said center  Brad Miller  and forward  Martell Webster  will be evaluated before Thursday's practice, and the team will make a decision on how soon they can return. Neither has played this season as they recover from off-season surgeries, Webster on his back and Miller on his left knee. ...  Jonny Flynn  made his first trip back to Target Center since the draft-day trade that sent him to Houston, but the third-year guard did not play. ... Dalembert was just 1-for-8 from the field and didn't play in the fourth quarter. But he still contributed 15 rebounds, 13 on the defensive end, in his 25-plus minutes. UP NEXT:  For the Rockets, Wednesday vs. Bucks, Friday vs. Wizards, Saturday vs. Knicks. For the Timberwolves, Wednesday @ Dallas, Friday vs. Spurs, Sunday vs. Lakers.  