  Hawks-Bulls notebook   By Kent McDill, for NBA.com Posted Friday March 11, 2011 11:25PM THE FACTS:  After a lackluster first half, the Chicago Bulls turned on the defense in the third quarter on the way to a 94-76 win over the Atlanta Hawks. The Hawks were leading 50-48 at halftime but scored only 10 points in the third quarter, while Bulls guard  Derrick Rose  had 18 of his 34 points in the third quarter by himself. The Bulls won their 10th straight game at home, and with Boston's loss to Philadelphia moved to within one-half game of the Celtics for the top spot in the Eastern Conference. THE FACTS II:   Kurt Thomas , starting in place of injured Bulls forward  Carlos Boozer , had four points and a game-high 13 rebounds in 35 minutes. Thomas, who started 29 games while  Joakim Noah  was injured, had not played in the eight games prior to Friday night. The Hawks have lost four games in a row since beating the Bulls March 2. QUOTABLE:  "Exciting stuff. We know right now there is a lot of buzz about us, but that's not going to help us win basketball games."    -- Bulls center Joakim Noah when reminded the Bulls are so close to the No. 1 seed in the East. THE STAT:   Al Horford  had 31 points and 16 rebounds when Atlanta beat the Bulls March 2, but was held to six points and seven rebounds Friday. THE STAT II:  The Bulls were 0-for-7 from 3-point range in the first half, and Rose was 0-for-4. But Rose made a pair in the second half and the Bulls went 4-for-13 from outside after the break. TURNING POINT:  Bulls coach  Tom Thibodeau  is a master at halftime adjustments, and it worked again Friday as the Bulls held Atlanta to 10 points in the third quarter on 4-of-15 shooting. They had only two points in the first 7:19 of the quarter. INJURY UPDATE:  Boozer remains day-to-day with his sprained ankle, but is considered unlikely to play against Utah Saturday.  Luol Deng  did not decide to play until just before game time due to his thigh bruise, but scored 18 points with nine rebounds, seven assists and three steals in just under 40 minutes. HOT:  Rose continues to struggle from the field, making only 9 of 24 shots, but he was 14-for-15 from the free-throw line. He attempted as many free throws as the Hawks, who were 9-for-15 from the line.  Jamal Crawford  was 6-for-10 from the field for 14 points for Atlanta. NOT:  Noah was 0-for-4 from the field with no points but had 11 rebounds for the Bulls. QUOTABLE II:  "We played great offensively and defensively in the first half. In the second half it was like we forgot everything we did in the first half."    -- Atlanta guard  Kirk Hinrich  on the Hawks' second half performance. INSIDE THE ARENA:  With the Bulls planning a Saturday night celebration of the 20th anniversary of their first NBA title back in 1990-91, a few former players were in house, including starting forward  Horace Grant . All of the players from that team except  Bill Cartwright  are expected to attend the celebration at halftime of the Bulls-Utah game Saturday. Cartwright is an assistant coach with the Phoenix Suns. GOOD MOVE:  Thibodeau made a late change to his starting lineup, inserting veteran Thomas in place of injured forward Boozer rather than using  Taj Gibson , who started 18 times for the injured Boozer earlier this season. Thibodeau said he did not want to disrupt the play of the Bulls' second unit. Thomas had not played in the previous eight games prior to Friday. BAD MOVE:  While scoring only 10 points in the third quarter, the Hawks attempted only one shot from within 15 feet, and it was a missed bank shot by  Josh Smith . NOTABLE:  With the win, the Bulls have beaten every team in the league except the New York Knicks this season. The Knicks are 2-0 against Chicago with one game left in New York April 12. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Saturday vs. Utah, Tuesday vs. Washington, Thursday @ New Jersey. For the Hawks, Saturday vs. Portland, Tuesday vs. Milwaukee, Wednesday vs. Denver.  