  Rockets-Hornets notebook   By Matt Miller, for NBA.com Posted Saturday January 15, 2011 12:35AM THE FACTS:  Even the return of starters  Kevin Martin  and  Chuck Hayes  could not save the Houston Rockets from another second-half collapse. David West  scored 29 points and grabbed nine rebounds and  Jarret Jack  added 21 points and seven assists, as the New Orleans Hornets overcame a 16-point third-quarter deficit to defeat Houston 110-105 in overtime Friday at Toyota Center. Kyle Lowry  paced the Rockets' attack with a career-high-tying 28 points, seven assists and six rebounds. Martin chipped in with 26 points on 9-for-17 shooting in his return from a sore right wrist. New Orleans (24-16) has won three straight overall and five in a row over Houston (17-23), which has dropped its last four home games and seven of eight overall. QUOTABLE:  "Two overtime games in a row ... if I had hair it'd be gray. I shaved my goatee off because that was turning gray, so I'd be looking like the guy from Uncle Ben's [rice]."   -- Hornets coach  Monty Williams THE STAT:  The Rockets blew a double-digit second-half lead for the third time in their last four home games. THE STAT II:  Houston allowed more than 100 points for the 10th consecutive game. The Rockets have not given up 100-plus in 10 straight contests since February 1988. TURNING POINT:  Houston led 76-60 in the closing minutes of the third quarter when New Orleans climbed back into the game with a 14-0 run. TURNING POINT II:  The Rockets were up 93-91 with less than a minute to play in the fourth when West flew down the middle of the lane and threw down a nasty dunk in  Jared Jeffries ' face to tie the game with 45 seconds remaining in regulation. "It was clutch. That dunk was the game," Hornets center  Emeka Okafor  said. TURNING POINT III:  New Orleans held a 104-102 advantage with less than a minute to play in the extra session when  Luis Scola  failed to convert on a jumper from point-blank range.  Trevor Ariza  was fouled on the other end of the court and made one of two free throws before Scola missed a layup to essentially seal the deal for New Orleans. QUOTABLE II:  "It's been happening quite a few times right now, and we don't know how to fix it. ... It's been affecting us in close games."   -- Scola on Houston's habit of allowing teams to pull off late-game comebacks HOT:  Lowry's offensive production has taken off over the last three games. He has shot 22-for-43 (51.2 percent) from the field and is averaging 21 points in this span. NOT: Chris Paul  could not make his presence felt, as the Hornets' star was limited to only 11 points on 4-for-11 shooting. He also committed five turnovers and played passively for a majority of the game. Paul received treatment for a left ankle injury after the game, but the extent of the damage is unknown at this time. QUOTABLE III:  "[My ankle] has had better days, but I will be OK. It was the way I came down, and I was lucky I caught myself."   -- Paul on his tweaked ankle FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Okafor posted his third double-double in the last four games and No. 15 of the season, scoring 17 points to go with 15 rebounds. Considering the sparse amount of reliable centers in the Western Conference, fantasy owners should consider holding on to Okafor for the foreseeable future. BAD MOVE:  Jack scored 14 points on 6-for-9 shooting in the first half, but Williams left the reserve guard on the bench to start the second half. By the time Jack returned, New Orleans' three-point advantage had become an eight-point deficit. ROOKIE WATCH:  Hornets forward  Quincy Pondexter  missed his only field-goal attempt, blocked one shot and grabbed zero rebounds in just under seven minutes on the court. NOTABLE:  Hornets guard  Marco Belinelli  missed Friday's game due to a sprained right ankle. He is listed as day-to-day. ... Ariza matched a season high with 10 rebounds. ... Okafor tied a season high with 15 boards. ... Paul is the only NBA player with five steals in at least 12 games this season. ... The Hornets improved to 8-2 this season when they score 100 or more. ... ... New Orelans won for only the second time when trailing after three quarters. ... Scola has posted three double-doubles in his last four outings. ... The Hornets' 14 third-quarter points matched the fewest Houston has allowed in the third period this season. UP NEXT:  For the Hornets, Saturday @ Charlotte, Monday vs. Toronto, Wednesday vs. Memphis. For the Rockets, Saturday @ Atlanta, Monday vs. Milwaukee, Wednesday vs. New York.  