  Wolves-Bulls notebook   By Paul Ladewski, for NBA.com Posted Saturday December 11, 2010 11:39PM THE FACTS:  The Bulls aimed to put the visitors away quickly at the United Center, then they followed the game plan to the letter. Behind forward  Luol Deng  and guard  Derrick Rose , who combined for 17 points in the first period, they bolted to a 27-18 lead en route to an easy-does-it 113-82 victory, their fifth in a row. Rose (21 points), Deng (19) and forward  Carlos Boozer  (17) paced five double-figures scorers. The last-place Timberwolves got a strong performance from forward  Kevin Love  (23 points, 15 rebounds) and Kevin Love and Kevin Love and . . . QUOTABLE:  "We were concerned about them offensively with our matchups. Our team defense was very good and our rebounding was terrific. From the start of the season, we've tried to build the right habits. We've talked about being ready for each game and how important that is. You try to be consistent in your approach and do the same things. It's important not to look ahead or behind."    -- Bulls coach  Tom Thibodeau THE STAT:  The Timberwolves shot 40 percent in the field and were guilty of 21 turnovers, which underscored the their lack of depth, maturity and cohesiveness. They totaled only four more field goals (16) than turnovers in the first half, which prompted head man  Kurt Rambis  to say, " The amount of turnovers . . . That's ridiculous. We've got to find a way to get to the free throw line as much as other teams get there against us." TURNING POINT:  Midway through the first period, Deng drained an open 18-footer when Timberwolves counterpart  Michael Beasley  refused to challenge him. One possession later, Deng blew past Beasley on a drive, scored and was fouled. He sank the free throw for an 18-10 lead. It sent a message that Deng and the Bulls could do whatever they wanted, whenever they wanted to do it. QUOTABLE II:  "Our defense was OK, but we just couldn't make baskets to stay in the game. Guys started to lose confidence after that. We fell back into the same things that caused us problems all year along."    -- Rambis HOT:  It was more bad news for NBA defenses, as Rose continued to take expand his game. After he flushed 5-for-6 3-pointers, his success rate stood at 42 percent this season. He was a 27 percenter from beyond the arc last season. QUOTABLE III:  "I just take what they give me. Whatever the game tells me to do, I'll do it. My man sagged and they left me wide open to take the shot. So I just shot it"    -- Rose NOT:  Paging  Jonny Flynn ! Paging Jonny Flynn! Please report to the scorer's table immediately! After the Timberwolves reserves bricked 20-for-29 field goal tries, the return of the point guard couldn't come soon enough, although it remained to be seen whether the triangle offense was suited for him. Flynn (left hip surgery) was expected to make his season debut next week, although Rambis cautioned, "I don't know (about the timetable). We'll have to talk with him and see where we go from there." FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  In 24 minutes, Bulls reserve forward  Taj Gibson  filled the scoresheet -- 12 points, 10 rebounds, three assists, one steal and one blocked shot. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Former Bulls star  Scottie Pippen  watched the game from a seat near the Timberwolves bench, where ex-Detroit Bad Boy and long-time Bulls nemesis  Bill Laimbeer  served as a Timberwolves assistant coach. GOOD MOVE:  In most cases, Thibodeau prefers at least one regular on the floor at the start of the second period. In the second of back-to-back games, he went with five reserves this time. Result: The Bullpen responded with 11 of the next 13 points for a 38-20 advantage. Gibson and guard  Ronnie Brewer  each contributed four points in the run. NOTABLE:  One night after Timberwolves center  Darko Milicic  blocked a career-high seven shots in a victory against the Pistons, the organization that drafted him, he picked up two early fouls and was a non-factor the rest of the way. He finished with four points and a pair of blocked shots in 14 minutes. UP NEXT:  For the Timberwolves, Tuesday @ Golden State, Wednesday @ Phoenix, Friday @ Portland. For the Bulls, Monday vs. Indianapolis, Wednesday @ Toronto, Saturday vs. Los Angeles Clippers.  