  Notebook: Nuggets 119, Kings 116 Posted Tuesday March 6, 2012 1:18AM By Michael Kelly, for NBA.com THE FACTS: Ty Lawson  came up with another big shot in the final seconds, hitting a 3-pointer with 4 seconds left in overtime to lift the Denver Nuggets over the Sacramento Kings 119-116 on Monday night. Twenty-four hours after drilling a jumper to seal a win at San Antonio, Lawson dribbled down the clock and hit a 24-footer over  Tyreke Evans  to give Denver its fourth straight win. Arron Afflalo  had a career-high 32 points, three of them from the foul line in the final second of regulation to send the game into overtime, and  Kenneth  Faried also chipped in with a career-high 20 points and grabbed 12 rebounds for the Nuggets. Marcus Thornton  and Evans had 27 points each to lead Sacramento, which has lost four straight and nine of its last 11. QUOTABLE:  "In the NBA we've had two or three games taken from us, and we probably took one from them." --  Nuggets head coach  George Karl. THE STAT:  The Nuggets were in a sharing mood Monday. They had 33 assists on 40 made baskets.  Andre Miller  had 11 to give Denver two players with double-digit assists. TURNING POINT:  With Sacramento leading 108-105, Thornton committed his sixth foul on Afflalo as the Nuggets guard threw up a desperation 3-pointer with 0.6 seconds left. Afflalo, a 75-percent shooter from the line, hit all three free throws to send the game into overtime. The Kings played the extra period without their leading scorer, and the Nuggets gritted out a big win at home. QUOTABLE II:  "It's on me. I can't do that. I take this loss. I have to be smarter. Foul early on. Just stay down. I thought I did a good job of contesting. It didn't go that way. So, I take this loss."   --  Thornton, on guarding Afflalo at the end of regulation. HOT:  Afflalo scored 13 points in the first half, but it was the final 49 seconds before intermission that stood out. With Denver trailing 53-45, Afflalo hit two 3-pointers and a fast-break layup with 1.6 seconds remaining to tie the game heading into intermission. NOT:  Sacramento center  DeMarcus Cousins  had a tough start to the game and never really recovered. He picked up two fouls in the first 2:37 and sat for the rest of the first half. He got his third foul early in the third on a charging call. Midway through the third quarter he had three points and three turnovers. He finished with five points and five rebounds. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Lawson had 16 points, 13 assists and seven rebounds on the day he was named the Western Conference player of the week. Since the All-Star break he is averaging 12 assists, well over his career average, and seven rebounds. He has responded to Karl's pleas to be more aggressive with three straight double-doubles. He also had a blocked shot, the second of his career. GOOD MOVE: Chris Andersen  has been the forgotten man this season, but when he was called upon Monday he came through in a big way. He scored five points at the end of the third quarter when Denver took a six-point lead. In the fourth, when Sacramento was making a charge he hustled downcourt and swatted Evans' shot from behind to preserve a one-point lead. BAD MOVE:  The Kings couldn't foul the Nuggets before they got a shot off at the end of regulation. Instead, they did it on a desperation 3 with the clock running down and put Afflalo on the line to tie it. QUOTABLE III:  "I think that whole team said something. I wasn't listening."   --  Afflalo, on the Kings' attempts to ice him at the foul line with talk at the end of regulation. ROOKIE WATCH:  Faried couldn't get on the court through the first half of the season and now he's playing too well to get off the court. Monday was his sixth double-double of the year and third in the last four games. NOTABLE:  The Nuggets got two players back from the injured list.  Danilo Gallinari  played 18 minutes after missing a month with a severely sprained left ankle and Nene returned after sitting out 10 games with a strained left calf. ... The Kings' close loss nearly gave their coach a second reason to celebrate. Sacramento announced on Monday that it extended coach Keith Smart's contract through next season. UP NEXT:  For the Kings, Wednesday vs. New Orleans, Friday vs. Dallas, Sunday vs. Atlanta. For the Nuggets, Wednesday vs. Cleveland, Friday vs. New Orleans, Sunday vs. Memphis.  