
 Nets-Magic notebook   By Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com Posted Friday November 5, 2010 11:11PM THE FACTS:   Dwight Howard  scored 30 points and grabbed 16 rebounds while shutting down New Jersey center  Brook Lopez  as the Orlando Magic came back from a 10-point deficit to beat the Nets 105-90 on Friday night.  Mickael Pietrus  came out of the Magic doghouse to contribute three 3-pointers and some tenacious defense for the Magic.  Travis Outlaw  led the Nets with 17 points on 7-for-8 shooting. QUOTABLE:  "In the first half, [the Nets] played with terrific energy, and we had to come out and match their energy or they were going to win the game."  -- Dwight Howard THE STAT:  The 15-point margin of victory was easily the smallest of the season for the Magic, who had won by 29 and 42 points and had lost by 26. TURNING POINT:  The Nets led 51-41late in the first half when Magic point guard  Jameer Nelson  drove for layups that turned the game around. QUOTABLE II:  "I truly appreciate being on the floor tonight, but I don't take anything for granted. I've been through a tough situation the last two days. I'm just happy to get a smile on my face and help our team win." -- Mickael Pietrus, who had been openly unhappy about his playing time HOT:  Outlaw and  Terrence Williams  each shot 3-for-3 from behind the arc for New Jersey in the first half. NOT:  Lopez, who came into the game averaging a team-high 22.3 points, missed his first 13 shots and didn't score until the fourth quarter. QUOTABLE III:  "I definitely rushed my shots a lot. [Howard] got physical with me. I was trying to draw contact too much and draw fouls instead of going back to my game." -- Brook Lopez GOOD MOVE:  Pietrus started the second half, providing a big part of the energy as the Magic took the lead. ROOKIE WATCH:  Nets forward  Derrick Favors  produced a highlight dunk, but only four points and one rebound in 17 minutes. NOTABLE:  Nelson turned his left ankle badly in the final minutes and was limping noticeably after the game. UP NEXT:  For the Nets, Saturday @ Miami, Tuesday vs. Cleveland, Wednesday @ Cleveland. For the Magic, Saturday @ Charlotte, Monday vs. Atlanta, Wednesday vs. Utah. 
