  Pistons-Magic notebook   By Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday November 30, 2010 11:20PM THE FACTS:  The Orlando Magic broke open a close game by making 6-for-9 3-pointers in the fourth quarter of a 90-79 victory over the Detroit Pistons.  Mickael Pietrus  and  Jameer Nelson  hit 3-pointers and  J.J. Redick  made two in a span of 3:02 to pull the Magic away to their fourth straight victory.  Rashard Lewis  scored a game-high 20 points for Orlando.  Tayshaun Prince  led five Pistons in double figures with 16. QUOTABLE:  "They got hot. They had a couple of drives to the basket and we collapsed and they found guys open on the perimeter. They had wide-open shots in the first half and just missed them. They made them in the fourth quarter."   --  Tracy McGrady  on the Magic. QUOTABLE II:  "We can shoot the ball. ... We struggled shooting the ball for a while, but generally when we keep getting good shots, somewhere in the game we're going to get on a roll."   -- Magic coach  Stan Van Gundy . THE STAT:  The Pistons made nine of their first 11 shots in grabbing a 20-8 lead, and finished the game shooting .427 (32-for-75). TURNING POINT:  Two long jumpers each by Redick and Pietrus turned a three-point deficit quickly into a seven-point Magic lead midway through the fourth quarter. HOT:  Redick went 4-for-4 from the foul line, raising his league-leading percentage to .968. NOT:  The NBA's fourth-leading 3-point shooting team going into the game at .402, the Pistons shot 4-for-16 and  Richard Hamilton  missed all five attempts. QUOTABLE III:  "We've learned that we can just lock down and make it happen. Everyone says that we don't want to be in that situation (a close game in the fourth quarter) and that we should play as perfect a game as possible. There are going to be games like this because people want to beat us."   -- Magic guard  Vince Carter . NOTABLE:  With nine rebounds to bring his career total of 10,003, Detroit center  Ben Wallace  became the third active NBA player with 10,000 rebounds and 2,000 blocks . . . The Magic have beaten the Pistons four straight times after losing four straight . . . Seven different Magic players made 3-pointers . . . Magic center  Dwight Howard , whose 287 fouls led the NBA last season, has committed only seven in his last five games. UP NEXT:  For the Pistons, Wednesday @ Miami, Friday vs. Orlando, Sunday vs. Cleveland. For the Magic, Wednesday @ Chicago, Friday @ Detroit, Saturday @ Milwaukee.  