
 Rockets-Pistons notebook   By Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday February 22, 2011 10:57PM THE FACTS:  Rookie forward  Patrick Patterson  scored a career-high 20 points as the Houston Rockets returned from the All-Star break and captured a 108-100 road win over the Detroit Pistons Tuesday. Houston outscored the Pistons 15-6 in the last four minutes. QUOTABLE:  "He went back to Lexington to get a little bit of homecooking there. He's walking around campus, driving a nice car, buying drinks at the bar, so he probably got his confidence up. He's going to be a good player in this league for a long time."   --  Rockets forward  Shane Battier  on the post-All-Star break explosion from Patterson, who attended the University of Kentucky. THE STAT:  0. It's rare to see Houston's top scorers,  Kevin Martin  and  Luis Scola , languishing on the bench during crunch time. But both logged zero minutes in the fourth quarter as head coach  Rick Adelman  rode his bench. Houston overcame combined 8-for-27 shooting by Martin and Scola, who averaged 42.2 points before the break. TURNING POINT:  The Rockets led most of the second half, thanks to a 14-3 outburst at the start of the third. Center  Chuck Hayes , who was scoreless in the first half, broke free for two layups and a tip-in during the spurt that gave Houston a 65-54 lead. QUOTABLE II:  "It's important because we have seven out of nine on the road to start after the All-Star break. If we want to get back in this thing, we have to win on the road. Winning this game was very important to us."   --  Rockets coach Rick Adelman on the Western Conference playoff chase. HOT:  Pistons reserve point guard  Will Bynum  had a team-high 21 points, including 15 in the second half. With Bynum and  Rodney Stuckey  attacking the basket and the team collecting 17 offensive rebounds, the Pistons outscored the Rockets 58-42 in the paint. NOT:  Detroit's second-leading scorer,  Tayshaun Prince , was blanketed by Battier while scoring one point on 0-for-9 shooting. Prince, who was averaging 14.6 points, was benched during the fourth quarter. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Martin's field-goal attempts may have been errant but his free throw shooting was not affected. He hit all seven, giving him a league-high 421 free throw makes this season and inching his average to 88.4 percent. GOOD MOVE:  Houston's second unit didn't fare well early in the fourth, as the Pistons erased a five-point deficit. But Adelman liked Patterson's activity and the way veteran center  Brad Miller  spaced the floor and decided to stick with his backups. BAD MOVE:  Pistons coach John Kuester took out forward  Charlie Villanueva  and inserted guard Rodney Stuckey as Bynum made free throws to put the Pistons up 94-93. The three-guard lineup flopped offensively, as the Pistons missed nine of their next 10 shots, and defensively, as Patterson dominated inside and went on a personal 7-0 run. ROOKIE WATCH:  Detroit center  Greg Monroe  recorded his team-high eighth double-double this season with 12 points and 12 rebounds. He did most of his damage with putbacks as he secured seven offensive boards. NOTABLE:  The benches provided the bulk of the offense, with Houston's backups contributing 59 points and Detroit's reserves scoring 56. ... Patterson's previous high was 15 against Toronto on New Year's Eve. ... The Pistons are 6-23 when giving up 100 or more points. UP NEXT:  For the Rockets, Wednesday @ Cleveland, Saturday vs. New Jersey, Sunday @ New Orleans. For the Pistons, Wednesday @ Indiana, Friday @ Philadelphia, Saturday vs. Utah. 
