Notebook: Nets 99, Bobcats 78 
 
 
 Derek Smith, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Mar 06, 2013 11:16 PM - Updated Wed Mar 06, 2013 11:16 PM 
 
 THE FACTS: Joe Johnson  scored a game-high 22 points while  Deron Williams  added 20 as the Brooklyn Nets scored a 99-78 come-from-behind win over the Charlotte Bobcats Wednesday night at Time Warner Cable Arena.  Michael Kidd-Gilchrist  scored 17 points to lead the Bobcats who have now dropped eight straight and 43 of their last 49 games.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We really couldn't get anything going in the first half. We had open looks and we got confused by their zone early. We came out with a better rhythm and definitely turned up the defensive intensity. We took a step in the right direction tonight. Hopefully it continues to click for us out there." 
 - Nets guard  Williams 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Brooklyn dominated the second half against Charlotte. The Nets held the Bobcats to just 25 points and 25.0 percent shooting (10-of-40) while scoring 56 points and connecting on 64.7 percent of its shots (22-of-34). Brooklyn also had its way on the glass with a 31-11 edge in rebounding in the second half. The Nets also made 53.8 percent of its three pointers and made five of six free throw attempts.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  Brooklyn opened the second half on a mission. The Nets scored 16 of the first 19 points in the second half to turn a 10-point deficit into a lead it would never relinquish. Williams and Johnson each five points in the 16-3 burst including a Johnson bank shot to close out the run. 
 
 HOT:  Williams scored 20 points and dished out eight assists while grabbing four rebounds. It was his fourth game of 20 or more points in the last five against Charlotte. Williams is averaging 23.0 points in the last five while averaging 5.6 assists and 3.0 rebounds.  
 
 NOT:   Kemba Walke r leads the Bobcats in scoring at 17.2 points per game, but had struggled over the last five games. Walker is averaging 11.8 points on 29.8 percent shooting (20-of-67) during that span while Charlotte has lost all five of those games by an average of 25.2 points.  
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:   Johnson  had a game-best 22 points on 8-of-14 shooting and added five rebounds and three assists on the night. Johnson is slowly returning to form after being sidelined the final three games of February due to a sore left heel. He scored 11 in each of the first two games back from injury.  
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:   Eric "Sleepy" Floyd  of nearby Gastonia, NC and former Georgetown guard was in attendance at Time Warner Cable Arena. Also in attendance was NBA Hall of Famer  Nate "Tiny" Archibald .  Derek Jeter  was also in town taking in the Bobcats and Nets game. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Brooklyn coach  P.J. Carlesimo  made a good switch late in the first quarter to keep the game from getting away early. Charlotte jumped out to a 10-point lead early and Carlesimo brought in  Keith Bogans  and  Mirza Teletovic  which keyed a 17-4 run to close the quarter and bring the Nets within three after one period.  
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:   Kidd-Gilchrist led the Bobcats in scoring Wednesday with 17 points and added five rebounds and two steals. He's averaging 14.7 points and 6.3 rebounds in his last three games. Fellow Charlotte rookie  Jeffery Taylor  had no points in eight minutes of action.  Mirza Teletovic  had three points off the bench in 14 minutes of action while  Tyshawn Taylor  scored two points in his two minutes of action and  Tornike Shengelia  played but did not score.  
 
 NOTABLE: Ben Gordon  scored in double figures for the second straight game and the 32nd time this season. Walker scored in double figures for the eighth time in nine games and 54th time this season.  Gerald Henderson  scored in double figures or the 14th time in 16 games and 35th time this season.  Reggie Evans  of the Nets recorded double-figure rebounds for the fifth time in six games. He is averaging 11.5 rebounds over the last dozen games. The Nets have registered six 20-point victories on the season. The six wins are four more than they had in their previous three seasons combined.  Gerald Wallace , who was the face of the Bobcats franchise, returned to Charlotte and recorded a season-high five blocked shots. Charlotte forced a season high 25 turnovers.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Nets, Friday vs. Washington, Saturday @ Atlanta, Monday @ Philadelphia. For the Bobcats, Friday vs. Oklahoma City, Saturday @ Washington, Tuesday vs. Boston. 
