  Notebook: Grizzlies 103, Nuggets 102 Posted Saturday February 18, 2012 12:04AM By Marlon W. Morgan, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  After squandering a 23-point lead, the Memphis Grizzlies used  Dante Cunningham's  tip-in off a missed jumper by  Rudy Gay  with .02 seconds remaining to claim a 103-102 win against the Denver Nuggets Friday night at FedExForum. The Grizzlies had six players score in double figures as they picked up their third straight win. Denver, playing without two starters, dropped its second straight. QUOTABLE:  "I thought it was going in, I definitely did. It kind of just fell in my lap."    -- Cunningham on his game-winning tip-in. THE STAT:  The Nuggets trailed by double-digits for most of the game, including falling behind 34-15 after the first quarter. But  Corey Brewer's  tip-in with 4:34 left in the game gave Denver its first lead at 91-90. That was the start of eight lead changes down the stretch. THE TURNING POINT:   O.J. Mayo's  dunk with 1:12 left in the third quarter left the Grizzlies with an 83-67 lead, a commanding advantage they had enjoyed throughout much of the game. But the Nuggets went on a 10-0 run bridging the end of the third quarter and the start of the fourth quarter that woke up the crowd up 15,201 for the final 11 minutes. HOT:  Denver's Brewer didn't attempt a shot in the first half as the Nuggets went into the locker room trailing 60-43. The Portland, Tenn., native caught fire in the third quarter, however, scoring 18 of his game-high 26 points. Brewer made five of his six 3-point attempts in the quarter, including three in a 60-second span, as he single-handedly shot the Nuggets back in the game. Brewer, who was averaging 8.5 points, was one point shy of tying his career-high. NOT:  Denver forward  Al Harrington  made his first start of the season, but it wasn't a memorable one. Harrington scored just four points, all coming at the free throw line, and three rebounds. He was 0-for-3 from the floor. In 30 games off the bench this season, Harrington was averaging 14.6 points and 5.9 rebounds. QUOTABLE II:  "I'm feeling real well about this. My teammates really know I can play now, and they believe in me, so maybe I can just keep building off this. Next time, I'll get that last rebound. Next time, I'll take that last play and hit the ball out of bounds, or something.''    -- Denver rookie  Kenneth Faried , who had a career-high 18 points and tied his career-high with 10 rebounds. NOTABLE:  Denver center  Timofey Mosgov  didn't start due to a sprained left ankle, but came off the bench to play 16 minutes. Unfortunately, he re-aggravated the ankle with 5:21 left in the third quarter after blocking a shot by Memphis forward  Marreese Speights . Mosgov finished with two points and four rebounds. ... Grizzlies center  Marc Gasol  filled up the stat sheet with 16 points, 14 rebounds, eight assists and three blocked shots. However, he also had seven turnovers. ... There was no doubt who was going to take the last shot for the Grizzlies.  Rudy Gay , who has delivered several game-winning shots in his six-year career, had just scored the Grizzlies last six shots. He took the pass from  Mike Conley  and drove to the baseline but couldn't quite nail the jumper. Fortunately, Cunningham was there for his only offensive rebound of the game. Gay did have a team-high 20 points and eight rebounds. ...  O.J. Mayo  broke out of his slump for the Grizzlies with 17 points. In his last five games, he was averaging just eight points on 26 percent shooting. ... The Grizzlies are now 7-0 when scoring 100 points. UP NEXT:  For the Nuggets, Sunday at Oklahoma City, Monday vs. Minnesota, Wednesday at L.A. Clippers. For the Grizzlies, Saturday vs. Golden State, Monday at Houston, Tuesday vs. Philadelphia.  