Notebook: Knicks 88, Pacers 76 
 
 
 Adam Zagoria, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Nov 18, 2012 3:01 PM - Updated Sun Nov 18, 2012 3:01 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:   Carmelo Anthony  scored a game-high 26 points to go with nine rebounds to lead the Knicks to an 88-76 victory over the Indiana Pacers at Madison Square Garden. 
 
 Raymond Felton  added 11 points, eight assists and no turnovers and  J.R. Smith  tallied 13 points and seven rebounds off the bench. The Knicks (7-1) rebounded from Friday's loss at Memphis, their only blemish of the young season. 
 
 Paul George  led the Pacers with 20 points and  David West  added 14 points and seven rebounds. Indiana (4-7) lost for the third time in four outings. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "Tonight we did what we had to do to win the game."
 -- Anthony on the MSG Network 
 
 THE STAT:    Anthony has scored 20-plus points in seven of the team's eight games. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Knicks seized control during a second quarter in which they outscored the Pacers, 20-12, behind Felton's seven points. That turned a 21-18 first-quarter lead into a 41-30 halftime bulge. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We're playing for something. We're trying to win our division and host a playoff series."
 -- Knicks coach  Mike Woodson 
 
 
 WHO'S HOT:  After going scoreless in the first half, fan favorite  Rasheed Wallace  scored nine points in the second, including a 3-pointer and a vicious one-handed dunk off a pass from  Pablo Prigioni . He also grabbed seven boards. 
 
 WHO'S NOT:  The Pacers' starting backcourt of  George Hill  and  Lance Stephenson  combined for 11 points on 4-for-16 shooting and 11 assists. The duo had combined for 27 points and 10 assists in Friday's win over Dallas. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "Guys are buying in and they understand that if you do that [play defense] at a high level, you put yourself in position to win games."
 -- Woodson on holding the Pacers to 76 points 
 
 NOTABLE:   Jason Kidd  took seven stitches to the head after Stephenson fouled him in the first quarter when he ran out to defend Kidd on the wing. Wearing a tilted headband over the cut, Kidd returned in the second quarter and finished with three points and two assists in 23 minutes. 
 
 NOTABLE II:  After receiving DNP's in the team's last two games,  Marcus Camby  returned to the Knicks' rotation and registered four rebounds, one block and no points in 13 minutes. 
 
 QUOTABLE IV:  "Everybody should feel pretty good when we step out there on that floor in New Orleans on Tuesday. "
-- Woodson 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:   Grace Potter ,  Jessica White  and  Tracy Morgan  were among those courtside. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Tuesday @ New Orleans, Wednesday @ Dallas, Friday @ Houston. For the Pacers, Monday @ Washington, Wednesday vs. Charlotte, Friday vs. Spurs. 
