  Notebook: Suns 108, Cavaliers 83 Posted Sunday March 25, 2012 8:39PM By Brian Dulik, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Center  Marcin Gortat  and power forward  Markieff Morris  shared game-high honors with 22 points apiece as the Phoenix Suns led from wire to wire in a 108-83 rout of the Cleveland Cavaliers. Shooting guard  Shannon Brown  added 16 points and point guard  Steve Nash  dished out 13 assists for the visiting Suns, who are 11-4 since the NBA All-Star break. Rookie point guard  Kyrie Irving  led the Cavaliers with 16 points and four assists, while small forward  Omri Casspi  had 14 points. Cleveland, which trailed by 29 points late in the fourth quarter, never got closer than 15 in the second half. QUOTABLE:  "We got off to a great start, but I thought we played well for the whole 48 minutes. This was, by far, the best ball movement we've had this year. We were able to get easy shots because of our (ball) rotation all day."   -- Suns coach  Alvin Gentry THE STAT:  Gortat and Morris combined for 31 first-half points on 14-for-21 shooting -- feasting on screen-and-rolls against Irving and Cavaliers centers  Tristan Thompson  and  Samardo Samuels . "Their bigs were jumping out really high and really hard, so when they didn't get help on the backside, we were open when we rolled," said Gortat, who finished the afternoon 10-for-16. "My teammates found me, and I was happy I had some post-ups today. I could have had an easy 30 (points) if I had executed better." Morris wound up 9-for-12 from the floor in the highest-scoring game of his rookie season. TURNING POINT:  The Suns took a 12-0 lead just 156 seconds into the game, prompting the "Kids Day" crowd at Quicken Loans Arena to angrily boo the Cavaliers. Gortat scored the first 10 points on a pair of dunks, one short jumper and two layups, while small forward  Grant Hill  added two free throws to complete the run. "We wanted to start off the game really strong, but our communication wasn't there," Irving said. "What we talked about in practice and all the things we went over weren't applied in the game. There's a lack of energy, and we're not together out there." QUOTABLE II:  "(Gortat) ate us alive. I don't know if Tristan (Thompson) didn't know that much about him or if he didn't realize that the guy is a pretty good player. He's been playing well all season long, and tonight he just had his way."   -- Cavaliers coach  Byron Scott HOT:  The Suns are 13-5 since Feb. 19, and equaled their season high-water mark by moving one game above .500. Phoenix also pulled within one game of the final playoff spot in the Western Conference. "We're a good shooting team and we've been shooting the ball better lately," Gentry said. "Guys also have gotten really comfortable in their roles." ... Suns point guard  Sebastian Telfair  had seven points and six assists in 19 minutes. "Any time you get traded by a team, you want to show them why they made the wrong move," said Telfair, who was dealt to Minnesota by the Cavaliers on July 26, 2010. ... Cleveland shooting guard  Manny Harris  grabbed a career-best nine rebounds, while point guard  Donald Sloan  matched his NBA highs with four rebounds and four assists. NOT:  Cavaliers power forward  Antawn Jamison  scored two points in 19 minutes, marking his worst offensive output since being blanked on Jan. 13, 2006 at Indiana. He also suffered a bruised left ankle and leg contusion when Gortat landed on him while they were battling for a rebound. ... Irving accounted for five of Cleveland's 22 turnovers, which Phoenix turned into 25 points. ... Thompson grabbed two defensive boards in 26 minutes. ... The Cavaliers are 1-6 since March 13, and 4-12 over their last 16 games. ... Cleveland did not record a blocked shot. ... Suns center  Robin Lopez  missed five of his six field goal attempts in 18 minutes off the bench. ... Phoenix forwards  Josh Childress  and  Hakim Warrick  were in uniform and healthy, but did not play. QUOTABLE III:  "We owed it to ourselves to have a better performance after (the Cavaliers) got us at home earlier this season. We've clawed back into the playoff picture, so we had to try and get one here."    -- Nash GOOD MOVE:  Since the Suns had no problem shredding Cleveland's interior defense, Nash didn't attempt his first shot until 31 seconds were left in the first half. At the time, the perennial NBA All-Star had eight assists -- matching the Cavaliers' team total through 23 1/2 minutes -- without committing a turnover. "Some nights if teams are making me a scorer, I have to be aggressive and score," said Nash, who made both of his field goal attempts and scored four points in 29 minutes. "Other nights when they're trying to get the ball out of my hands, we have to make them pay other ways. I just tried to do the best I could." BAD MOVE:  The Cavaliers again came out of the gate with no intensity or sense of urgency, paving the way for their third straight home loss. Cleveland is 9-15 at Quicken Loans Arena this season, and 21-44 in the building since Scott took over as coach. "It was just like we were almost sleepwalking for a little bit today," said Scott, whose overall record with the Cavaliers is 36-92. "We are just not a very good team right now, that's the bottom line." ... Irving was tentative and ineffective against Phoenix's screen-and-rolls, continuing his season-long struggles on defense. "Part of it was laziness," he admitted. NOTABLE:  Morris' previous season high was 21 points at Denver on Feb. 14. The Kansas product was the 13th overall pick in the 2011 NBA Draft. "Markieff gets yelled at a lot (by me) in practice, but he's a great kid and really wants to be good," a smiling Gentry said. "I think he's got a chance to be a real solid player in this league." ... Cavaliers power forward  Luke Walton  scored his first points since being acquired from the Lakers just hours before the NBA trade deadline. The son of Hall of Fame center  Bill Walton  had seven points and four turnovers in 26 minutes while spelling Jamison. ... Suns radio broadcaster  Tim Kempton  was Cleveland's starting center in the final NBA game played at The Coliseum in suburban Richfield. The Cavaliers moved downtown in 1994 when Gund Arena (now Quicken Loans Arena) was built. UP NEXT:  For the Suns, Tuesday vs. San Antonio, Wednesday @ L.A. Clippers, Sunday vs. New Orleans. For the Cavaliers, Tuesday @ Philadelphia, Wednesday vs. Detroit, Friday vs. Milwaukee.  