Notebook: Hawks 101, Wizards 100, OT 
 
 
 Matt Winkeljohn, For NBA.com 
 
Posted Thu Nov 22, 2012 12:12 AM - Updated Thu Nov 22, 2012 12:33 AM 
 
 THE FACTS:  The Wizards led by two points with less than four seconds left both in regulation and in overtime Wednesday night, but  Kyle Korver's  3-pointer with 1.9 seconds left in OT gave the Hawks a 101-100 win to leave Washington 0-10. 
   Moments after Korver's 25-footer,  Martell Webster  appeared to score the game-winner for Washington only to have officials wave off the shot. Video replay confirmed that his shot left his hand a split-second after time expired.  
 
   Josh Smith  led Atlanta with 25 points and 12 rebounds before fouling out in OT, and Korver made five 3-pointers on the way to scoring 16 as the Hawks (6-4) won their third straight and beat Washington for the ninth straight time in Philips Arena. Korver's other point came when he converted a four-point play by making a free throw after being fouled on a trey in the third quarter. 
    Hawks center  Al Horford  just missed a triple-double with 15 points, nine rebounds and a career-high 10 assists, but he missed 9 of his 10 free throw attempts. Wizards center  Kevin Seraphin  scored a season-high 21 points and grabbed 10 rebounds in place of  Emeka Okafor . In his first game off the bench,  Trevor Ariza  scored 12 points and grabbed 15 rebounds as the Wizards outrebounded the Hawks 58-37 and scored 16 second-chance points to Atlanta's six.  Nene  played for the first time this season for Washington after battling plantar fasciitis in his left foot, and scored 12 points off the bench. 
     Atlanta forced overtime when guard  Devin Harris  made two free throws with 3.7 seconds left in overtime.  
 
 QUOTABLE:   "I was telling myself I couldn't leave another one on the front of the rim . . . It was a gut check for us. We could have lost that game three or four times."  
 -- Kyle Korver 
 
 THE STAT:   4-0. The Hawks were outscored 16-2 in second-chance points in regulation, but turned that to a 4-0 edge in overtime.  
 
 TURNING POINTS :  Both Atlanta's second-chance baskets in overtime came after Horford twice missed a pair at the free throw line, only to see the Wizards fail to capitalize -- or grab the rebound. 
    When Horford missed two with 1:05 left,  DeShawn Stevenson  -- who'd subbed in 28 seconds earlier when Smith fouled out -- grabbed the offensive rebound. That led to a seven-foot turnaround jumper by  Jeff Teague  that pulled Atlanta to within 98-96 with 56 seconds left.  
    The score was the same when Horford missed two more with 20.4 seconds left. As Korver battled Ariza for the rebound, Ariza tipped it out of bounds. Stevenson found Horford with a crisp pass  to tie the game at 98 with 19.5 to go. After a timeout, Horford lost track of Seraphin, who made an 18-foot jumper with 7.3 seconds left for a 100-98 Washington lead. Atlanta did not have a timeout, and moved quickly up court. As Ariza struggled to fight around a screen by Harris, Korver had the space to get off his game-winner near the top of the arc. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We gave up two offensive rebounds that hurt us late . . . At first, [officials] counted [Webster's shot], and then came back and said it's not good. I don't know how they can do that. Our video shows that it was good. Obviously, there must be two different videos." --  Randy Wittman  on Webster's shot -- which came after he grabbed an airball by Seraphin. 
 
 HOT:  Horford scored eight straight points in the first quarter, but missed 9 of his next 11 shots over the next three quarters before making his only shot in overtime. . . . Korver's five 3-pointers tied his season high, set Nov. 16 at Sacramento. His career high is seven, against Indiana on Nov. 12, 2004, when he played for the 76ers. . . . Teague did not have a turnover in 45:41 played.  
 
 NOT:   Ariza made just 2 of his 14 shots in regulation before hitting his only shot -- a 3-pointer -- in overtime. 
 
 NOTABLE:   Smith's double-double for the Hawks was the 182nd of his career, moving him alone into fourth place in franchise history. He trails  Kevin Willis  (340),  Dan Roundfield  (246) and  Walt Bellamy  (213).  Dikembe Mutombo  had 181. ... The Wizards were again without point guard  John Wall  (stress injury in left patella), and starting forward  Trevor Booker  was out after straining his right knee Monday against the Pacers. ... Washington point guard  Shaun Livingston , signed as a free agent on Nov. 15, made his first start in his third game back with the Wizards. He had two points and four assists as  A.J. Price  moved into a reserve role. ... With 14 points off the bench, Price now has 1,006 in his career. ...  Lou Williams  has been big off the bench late in games for the Hawks this season, but he did not play in overtime and missed his only shot in 3:00 of playing time in the fourth quarter. ... Four of the five Wizards to score in double figures came off the bench, Seraphin being the exception. Washington's bench outscored Atlanta's 62-18. Hawks starters outscored Washington's 83-38. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "This morning, I really didn't have a good feeling about [this game]. I really believe in my heart that this Washington Wizards team is better than their record indicates. ... It was just a matter of me trying to convince my group that this was probably going to be one of the hardest games that we've played so far this year."  
 -- Hawks coach  Larry Drew  
 
 
 UP NEXT:   For the Wizards, Saturday vs. Bobcats, Monday vs. Spurs, Wednesday vs. Blazers.  For the Hawks, Friday @ Bobcats, Saturday vs. Clippers, Wednesday vs. Bobcats.  
