Notebook: Nets 97, Grizzlies 88 
 
 
 Marlon W. Morgan, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Nov 30, 2013 11:42 PM - Updated Sat Nov 30, 2013 11:42 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Memphis Grizzlies lost their fourth consecutive home game and are now 3-5 at FedExForum, a place where they were 32-9 last season and didn't lose their fifth home game until Jan. 14. 
 
 THE LEAD:  The Brooklyn Nets were determined not to return home with another performance like Friday night's 19-point loss at Houston. So  Joe Johnson  got the Nets off to a good start,  Andray Blatche  came off the bench to keep it going and  Brook Lopez  helped finish off the Grizzlies, 97-88, Saturday night at FedExForum. Johnson led all scorers with a season-high 26 points and six assists, with Blatche adding 21 points and eight rebounds, and Lopez finishing with 20 points and nine boards. The Grizzlies were led by  Quincy Pondexter's  career-high 22 points off the bench. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I just wanted to come out and be aggressive on both ends of the floor and bring that energy and effort that coach said we didn't have last night. ... I'm glad that guys came out with a mindset and an attitude that we had to leave here with a win. J. Kidd said it before we walked out there on the floor and we made it happen."  --  Nets guard Johnson. 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Nets were 9 of 18 from 3-point range with Blatche making a career-high three as he was perfect from long-range. Johnson was 4 of 7 from behind the arc. 
 
 TURNING POINT : Trailing by 13 late in the third quarter, the Grizzlies went on a 14-2 run, with all of the points scored by Pondexter, to pull to within 75-74 early in the fourth. But the Nets responded with a 16-4 run the regain control. 
 
 HOT:  Pondexter didn't play in the Grizzlies' last two games and had become the odd-man out in the team's rotation. But without center  Marc Gasol  and forward  Zach Randolph , the Grizzlies were short bodies. And with the taller Johnson torching  Tony Allen , coach  Dave Joerger  was forced to put the bigger Pondexter on Johnson. What he didn't plan on was Pondexter's instant offense. Pondexter made six of his first seven shots and scored 14 consecutive points over the third and fourth quarters to pull Memphis to within one point. His career night ended with him making 8 of 12 shots, including 3 of 5 from 3-point range. 
 
 NOT:  It was a rough night for Brooklyn forward  Alan Anderson , who started in place of  Paul Pierce  (bruised right hand). Anderson was 0 for 6 from the floor as he went scoreless, although he did manage to haul in seven rebounds. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "Today, they were veterans and they played like veterans. I think today we woke up a sleeping giant. Those guys played big today, 1-12."  --  Grizzlies guard Allen on the Nets. 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  Memphis forward Randolph missed the game after having an ingrown toenail removed Saturday.  Ed Davis  started in his place and finished with 10 points and eight rebounds. ...  Mike Conley  had a double-double for the Grizzlies with 16 points and 10 assists. Center  Kosta Koufos  has his first double-double as a Grizzly with 10 points and 11 rebounds. Koufos is averaging 12 rebounds a game since replacing Gasol (sprained left MCL) in the starting lineup. ... Tonight's game was the first of a season-high, six-game home stand for the Grizzlies. ... The Nets won their first game of the season when they were outscored in the third quarter (28-25). Prior to tonight, they were 0-11 when being outscored in the third. ... Brooklyn was third in the NBA in fouls per game with 23.38, but was whistled for just 10 personal fouls against the Grizzlies. ... Johnson's scored 16 of his 26 in the first quarter, the most points in a quarter by a Nets player this season. ... Conley has 29 assists and just two turnovers in his last three games. ... Tonight's game was the first Memphis has played without both Gasol and Randolph since Randolph joined the team for the 2009-10 season. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Nets, Tuesday vs. Denver, Thursday vs. New York, Saturday @ Milwaukee. For the Grizzlies, Tuesday vs. Phoenix, Thursday vs. L.A. Clippers, Saturday vs. Golden State. 
