  Hawks-Nets notebook   By Jake Appleman, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday November 23, 2010 11:10PM THE FACTS:  Behind  Brook Lopez  (32 points, nine rebounds) and  Devin Harris  (27 points, nine assists), the New Jersey Nets defeated the Atlanta Hawks 107-101 in overtime at the Prudential Center.  Jamal Crawford  (21 points, five rebounds, three assists) came off the bench to lead the way for the Hawks. QUOTABLE:  "I thought I really had to play our starters 40-minutes plus tonight to give us a chance to win. And that's basically what we did."  -- Nets coach  Avery Johnson THE STAT:  The Nets attempted 33 free throws to 13 for the Hawks. TURNING POINT:  The overtime jump ball. The Nets went up by five points in their first three overtime possessions off of layups from Lopez and Harris, and a Lopez free throw. The Hawks didn't get closer than three after that. QUOTABLE II:  "You don't fragment at this point. You pull together. That's the message I'm making to our players."  -- Hawks coach  Larry Drew , whose team has lost seven of its last nine games after starting the season 6-0 HOT:  Lopez (12-for-19) showed excellent touch against a physical  Al Horford  on a nice variety of short and midrange shots, including mini fadeaways and jump hooks. NOT:  A day after the Hawks' starters finished with only 27 points combined, their big three of  Joe Johnson ,  Josh Smith  and Horford shot 20-for-50 from the floor. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:   Kris Humphries  (12 points, 13 rebounds, 4-for-6 from the floor) continues to do yeoman's work while starting for the Nets. "Guys like Humphries," Johnson said after the game. "Look at Humphries. What a great story; another double-double. His name is probably not going to be written about or talked about on the news, because it's going to be about Brook and Devin tonight, but look at what Humphries is doing." INSIDE THE ARENA:  The NETSational Seniors dance team performed the "Stanky Leg"...  Jason Collins  received little fanfare when he checked in late in the second quarter. Collins played for the Nets for six-plus seasons, including their back-to-back trips to the NBA Finals in 2002 and 2003. Fans grumbled when he immediately drained a jumper from the top of the key... Broadcaster  Bob Costas  attended the game ... Nets owner  Mikhail Prokhorov  enjoyed the action from a luxury box ...  Santonio Holmes  of the Jets sat courtside. Fans erupted in cheer when Holmes' game-winning touchdown catch against the Texans from last Sunday was shown on the Jumbotron. ROOKIE WATCH:   Derrick Favors  (seven points, four rebounds, two ugly jumpers) continued to provide tenacity inside. NOTABLE:  By nailing a transition 3-pointer from the wing with 8:20 remaining in the fourth quarter,  Anthony Morrow  qualified to become the NBA's all-time leader in the 3-point field goal percentage. Morrow (.451) is currently second behind  Steve Kerr ...Lopez scored the game's first seven points and the Nets jumped out to a 9-0 lead...Smith punctuated a fast break by cramming a vicious dunk over Humphries with 8:29 remaining in the second quarter...The Hawks didn't score until halfway through overtime when Smith accidentally tipped the ball in. UP NEXT:  For the Hawks, Thursday vs. Washington, Saturday @ New York, Sunday @ Toronto. For the Nets, Wednesday @ Boston, Saturday @ Philadelphia, Sunday vs. Portland.  