Notebook: Warriors 104, Bobcats 96 
 
 
 Derek Smith, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Mon Dec 10, 2012 11:59 PM - Updated Mon Dec 10, 2012 11:59 PM 
 
 THE FACTS: Stephen Curry  made a splash in his return to the Queen City. Curry scored 27 points and added seven assists and seven rebounds as the revitalized Golden State Warriors picked up a 104-96 win over the struggling Charlotte Bobcats on Monday night at Time Warner Cable Arena.  Kemba Walker  led the Bobcats with 24 points, who have now lost eight straight. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "It was a great homecoming. The guy is playing at an elite level right now. Sooner or later everybody is going to catch on. He's a heck of a basketball player playing healthy. He's defending. It's great for him. It's awesome for me to watch when the good guys win one. He's certainly one of them." 
 
 -- Golden State coach  Mark Jackson 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Winning streaks. The Warriors' four-game winning streak is the longest of the year for the Warriors. They are now 8-4 on the road which is their best road start since the 1993-94 campaign and equals their road win total from last season. It's their longest road winning streak since 2007. Their 14-7 start is their best start since 1991-92. Golden State is also assured of its first winning record on a road trip of seven games or longer since the 1970-71 season.  
 
 TURNING POINT:   Jarrett Jack  gets fouled with 1.5 left in the third quarter. After hitting both free throws, Jack steals the inbounds pass and hits a 15-footer at the buzzer to put the Warriors up 93-74 to start the fourth quarter. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "He's playing with a lot of confidence right now and he's very healthy right now. We just love having him on the team. We have the best chemistry of any team in the NBA. We have great character on this team and that's why we're doing as well as we are. We're not the most talented team in the league, but we're one of the hardest working and that's why we've been so successful." 
 
 -- Golden State forward  David Lee 
 
 
 
 HOT:  David Lee got things going early for Golden State and had a 25-point, 11-rebound, four-assist night for the Warriors. Lee was 10-for-14 from the floor and was a perfect 5-for-5 from the free throw line as the Warriors improved to 4-0 on their road swing. It was his fourth straight game of 20-plus points and 10-plus rebounds. Golden State started the game 13-for-16 from the floor and Lee scored 11 points in that stretch.  
 
 NOT: Jeffery Taylor  has struggled of late. The Charlotte rookie was 1-for-8 Monday in the loss to Golden State with just four points. He's averaging six points and shooting just 30 percent from the field in that stretch.  
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Curry has strung together an impressive set of numbers over the last eight games. The Warriors guard is averaging 23.0 points, 8.2 assists, and 3.6 rebounds and put together a four-game span where he had at least 20 points and at least 10 assists during that span. In addition to the numbers, Curry has made 32 of his 58 three-point attempts and connected on 89.7 percent of his free throws. Golden State is 7-1 during the stretch. It was also Curry's fourth game with at least 25 points, five rebounds and five assists this season. 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  Davidson Wildcats head coach  Bob McKillop  and his coaching staff were in attendance to watch Curry. With Curry returning home to Charlotte he was on the hook for 73 tickets to the Monday game. Access 2 Success, a charity which supports underprivileged youth through athletic, educational and spiritual programs, was also in attendance to support  Festus Ezeli . The charity was started by Curry's college teammate and Nigeria native  Andrew Lovedale .  
 
 ROOKIE WATCH: Michael Kidd-Gilchrist  continued his positive play for the Bobcats. The rookie out of Kentucky had 17 points, seven rebounds, three assists, one steal and one blocked shot. It was the fourth double-digit scoring output in his last six games.  
 
 NOTABLE:  Walker scored 20-plus points for the fourth time in the last five games and the seventh time this season.   Ben Gordon  scored in double figures for the fifth time in seven games and the 12th time this season. Warriors guard  Klay Thompson  scored in double figures for the 17th time this season.  Jarrett Jack  recorded a career-high and Warriors team season-high five steals. He also scored in double figures for the 11th time this season.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Warriors, Wednesday @ Miami, Friday @ Orlando, Saturday @ Atlanta. For the Bobcats, Wednesday vs. L.A. Clippers, Thursday @ Atlanta, Saturday vs. Orlando.  
