
 Cavaliers-Kings notebook   By Jimmy Spencer, for NBA.com Posted Thursday March 17, 2011 1:25AM THE FACTS:  The bottom dwellers of the East overcame the worst record of the West as the Cleveland Cavaliers prevailed 97-93 against the Sacramento Kings on Wednesday night.  Ramon Sessions  drove and scored the go-ahead basket on a reverse layup with 18.1 seconds left and finished with a team-high 20 points. The Kings had led by as many as 10 points. QUOTABLE:  "It shouldn't have even have got to that point. I don't know how the rest of the team feels, but I don't take losing lightly and I know they don't either. I take it upon myself to do things better for myself and to better the team down the stretch too."    -- Kings guard  Marcus Thornton TURNING POINT:  With the game tied at 93-93 with 33.9 seconds remaining, the ball was entered into the post to Kings rookie  DeMarcus Cousins . Cousins made a strong spin move to the basket, but led with his shoulder and was called for the offensive foul. Sessions scored the go-ahead layup on the ensuing Cleveland possession. THE STAT:  The Kings may have taken 100 shots -- a great deal more than the Cavaliers' 76 attempts -- but Sacramento shot just 38 percent from the field compared to 51.4 percent by Cleveland. The discrepancy also came at the free throw line, where the Kings were awarded just 13 free throws compared to 30 attempts by the Cavaliers. HOT:  Thronton's 23 points led all scorers and was his seventh game of 20 points or more with his new team. Since joining Sacramento via the trade that sent  Carl Landry  to New Orleans, Thornton is averaging 22.3 points through 11 games. NOT:  Sacramento couldn't finish inside, and was just 23-for-51 in the paint. ROOKIE WATCH:  Cousins has no problem playing physical inside. The 6-foot-11, 270-pound rookie appeared to get under the skin of Cleveland's post players with his bruising style of play. Though being physical may have led to the offensive foul in the final minutes. With a chance to redeem himself as the Kings trailed by two points in the final seconds, Cousins was off balance on a drive to the basket from the 3-point line and missed a difficult layup attempt. Cousins finished with 11 points and 16 rebounds. QUOTABLE II:  "We cleared the right side for DeMarcus. He drove to the basket, got there and the ball didn't go in."    -- Kings coach  Paul Westphal FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:   Baron Davis  missed his third consecutive game following the death of his grandmother. Cavaliers coach  Byron Scott  expects him with the team on Thursday and said he'll play so long as he's mentally ready. NOTABLE:   Tyreke Evans  was cleared to practice on Wednesday and participated in shooting and running. Westphal said that Evans is pain free for the first time all season and said he hopes that Evans will be ready to play limited minutes by the end of next week. "It all depends on how he feels. Each day will get progressively more intense," Westphal said. "We take it a small step at a time and hopefully by the end of next week he'll be able to play in some games in limited minutes and progress from there." UP NEXT:  For the Cavaliers, Thursday at Portland, Saturday at Clippers, Monday vs. Orlando. For the Kings, Friday vs. Philadelphia, Sunday at Minnesota, Monday at Chicago . 
