Notebook: Jazz 96, Bucks 87 
 
 
 Matt Payne, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Jan 03, 2014 1:07 AM - Updated Fri Jan 03, 2014 1:07 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Jazz won their first game of 2014 and now have a three-game home win streak. 
 
 THE LEAD:  The Utah Jazz came away with a 96-87 victory over the Milwaukee Bucks Thursday night at EnergySolutions Arena in a game featuring the teams with the worst records in the Eastern and Western Conferences. The Jazz are 11-24, the Bucks 7-25. 
 
 Gordon Hayward  (22 points) and  Derrick Favors  (21 points, 11 rebounds) led the Jazz, who maintained a consistent double-digit lead until the Bucks fought back in the fourth quarter. Favors scored seven points down the stretch to help put the game away after Milwaukee had cut Utah's lead to 83-80 with just under four minutes left. 
 
 Larry Sanders  led Milwaukee with 16 points, while  Luke Ridnour  added 12 points and eight assists in the loss. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "As we've gotten healthy, we are trying to find a rhythm. We've got a lot of work to do to continue to get better. We can't think that we can take anyone for granted." 
 -- Jazz coach  Tyrone Corbin 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Jazz got to the free-throw line and made it count once they were there, going 17-for-17 in a game that was close until the final minute. The Bucks went 11-for-14 (78.6%) from the line. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Bucks had trimmed Utah's 15-point lead  to five just four minutes into the final quarter, and they had a chance to cut it even more before Utah's  Marvin Williams  grabbed a steal that led to a transition layup by  Alec Burks . On Milwaukee's ensuing possession, Favors got a steal that resulted in a 3-pointer by Burks that pushed Utah's lead back into double digits and gave the Jazz the cushion they would need to hold on for the victory.  
 
 HOT:  Utah's bench was a big reason the Jazz came out on top. Burks had 13 points, while  Enes Kanter  continued his resent resurgence with 11 points, six boards and two blocks in 19 minutes.  Diante Garrett  added 10 points to the mix as the second unit was the catalyst to Utah getting out to a 51-42 halftime lead. 
 
 NOT:  After dropping 37 points on the Lakers on Monday,  Brandon Knight  came back to earth against Utah. The starting guard went 3-for-12 from the field and finished with a meager eight points. As a team, Milwaukee went only 4-for-22 from 3-point range. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We came out and played with a lot of energy. Diante had a great game. Enes had a great game. We fed off that." 
 --  Alec Burks 
 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Sanders, who played in his fourth game since returning from an injured thumb that kept him out for nearly two months, didn't miss a shot. He scored 16 points (7-for-7 from the field, 2-for-2 from the line) to go along with eight rebounds, two assists, two steals and two blocks.  
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Thursday night's game featured two of the most promising rookies in the NBA:  Trey Burke  of Utah and  Giannis Antetokounmpo  of Milwaukee. Burke finished with 11 points, five rebounds and four assists in only 28 minutes, while Antetokounmpo had 10 points, seven rebounds, five assists and a block in 34 minutes.  
 
 NOTABLE:  Garrett, whose father played for the Bucks during his five-year NBA career, hit double digits in scoring for the first time this season. ... The Bucks have now used 18 different starting lineups this season. ... Milwaukee has lost 12 consecutive games in Salt Lake City. ... Favors' double-double was his 11th of the season. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Bucks, Saturday at Phoenix, Tuesday vs. Golden State, Friday vs. Chicago. For the Jazz, Friday at L.A. Lakers, Tuesday vs. Oklahoma City, Friday vs. Cleveland. 
