  Notebook: Knicks 96, Magic 80 Posted Friday April 6, 2012 12:05AM By Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com THE FACTS : Seven Knicks combined to make 13 3-point shots and  Tyson Chandler  outplayed  Dwight Howard  in the middle to help New York hand the Orlando Magic their fifth straight loss, 96-80. Carmelo Anthony  scored a game-high 19 points for the Knicks, and  Toney Douglas  and  J.R. Smith  came of the bench with 15 points each. New York led by double figures throughout the second half. Howard did not score until the final seconds of the third quarter and finished with eight points, eight rebounds and five turnovers. QUOTABLE:  "Honestly, I felt like we were just the aggressors tonight. Once we took them out of their comfort zone, maybe some doubt crept into their minds because of all the turmoil."  --  Chandler. THE STAT:  The Knicks, who came in ranked 27th in the NBA in 3-point shooting at 35.1 percent, made 13-of-25 (52 percent). TURNING POINT:  The Magic never recovered from a 3 1/2-minute stretch early in the second quarter in which Smith and  Steve Novak  made two 3-pointers each without missing, stretching a one-point Knicks lead to 11. HOT:  Magic opponents have been hot during their losing streak, shooting a combined 52 percent. QUOTABLE II:  "I don't know how many times it's happened to us this year, but just in the last few weeks -- it's something that's driving me crazy -- every game we have guys on the other team who come into the game shooting under 30 percent in threes (and they) make multiple trees. Tonight it's J.R. Smith,  Landry Fields  and Carmelo Anthony. That certainly had nothing to do with anything that happened this morning."  --  Magic head coach  Stan Van Gundy , asked if the loss might have been related to comments he made earlier Thursday that Howard wanted him fired. NOT:  Fields missed all six of his free throw attempts for the Knicks. GOOD MOVE:  Fields drove and drew a third personal foul on Howard early on the third quarter, stifling any chance the Magic center had of getting out of his scoreless funk. BAD MOVE:  Van Gundy's revelation, seven hours before tipoff, that Howard had asked Magic management to fire him certainly didn't do anything to inspire his team. IN THE ARENA:  Overriding the presence of the Knicks, the presence of TNT, the Magic's losing streak and everything else was the Van Gundy-Howard feud, or the perception of it, and the assumption that Van Gundy's days as the Magic's head coach are numbered. QUOTABLE III:  "I've never been on a team that hasn't gone through some tough times. I think our tough times are magnified this season because of everything that's gone on off the court."  --  Magic guard  J.J. Redick. ROOKIE WATCH: Iman Shumpert  started at shooting guard for the Knicks and played 37 minutes, scoring nine point. NOTABLE:  Howard, Van Gundy and general manager  Otis Smith  had a chat during the day, but Howard refused to talk about Van Gundy's comments after the game . . . Magic forward  Hedo Turkoglu  left the game in the second quarter after sustaining a cut under his right eye. He took three stitches . . . The Magic's losing streak is the franchise's longest since January of 2007, before Van Gundy was hired as coach. UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Sunday vs. Chicago, Tuesday @ Chicago, Wednesday @ Milwaukee. For the Magic, Saturday @ Philadelphia, Monday vs. Detroit, Tuesday @ Washington.  