  Notebook: Cavs 100, Nuggets 99 Posted Thursday March 8, 2012 12:47AM By Michael Kelly, for NBA.com THE FACTS:   Kyrie Irving  scored 10 of his 18 points in the final 2:36 but saved his best for the final seconds. The rookie drove the length of the court and hit a layup with four seconds left to give the Cleveland Cavaliers a 100-99 win over the Denver Nuggets on Wednesday. Antawn Jamison  had a game-high 33 points and  Alonzo Gee  had 19 for the Cavaliers, who snapped a six-game losing streak. Al Harrington  had 22 points and  Ty Lawson  had 18 for Denver, which had its four-game win streak snapped. Lawson had a chance to extend it but missed a driving layup at the buzzer that would have given the Nuggets the win. QUOTABLE:  "I take it as a test when people pick me up full court. The lane opened up when I got down there, it was a tough shot, but my teammates willed it in."    -- Kyrie Irving, on his game-winning drive. THE STAT:  The lead changed hands 16 times in the fourth quarter, nine in the final 2:36. TURNING POINT:  Irving's play in the final minutes showed he's playing beyond his 19 years. He put the Cavaliers on his shoulders and carried them to the win. He started his surge with two three-point plays and finished by defending Lawson on the final play of the game. Despite having five fouls, Irving played tough defense and forced Lawson into a tough shot. QUOTABLE II:  "Kyrie down the stretch, it speaks for itself. He single-handedly won the game for us."    -- Antawn Jamison. HOT:  Jamison in the first half. He hit 8-for-13 shots, including two 3-pointers and kept the Cavaliers in the game by himself with 14 points in the first quarter. He helped lead a 23-8 run in the second quarter that gave Cleveland a 57-55 lead at half. NOT:  Nuggets forward  Danilo Gallinari  is still working off the rust of missing a month. In his second game back from a severely sprained left ankle he went 1-for-7 from the field and had five points. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Gee has been surging the past three games. He has increased his scoring in each of those contests. Wednesday he scored seven straight points late in the third after Denver had tied it at 65. He is averaging 15 points in his last three games. INSIDE THE ARENA:  NBA commissioner  David Stern  was in attendance. Stern, who is in Colorado for a ski vacation, spoke with the media before the game and said how happy he is with the interest in the league, noting Sunday's doubleheader on ABC drew the highest regular-season ratings for non-Christmas Day games. GOOD MOVE:  Cavaliers coach  Byron Scott  put the game in Irving's hands in the last three minutes and it paid off. He played with poise and didn't settle for jumpers. BAD MOVE:  The Nuggets defense down the stretch. For all of his speed, Lawson couldn't contain Irving, and on the final play the Denver defenders parted the lane for Irving instead of clamping down. QUOTABLE III:  "I tried to deny him the ball. He got a head of steam, got me on his hip and took it all the way."    --  Arron Afflalo , on Irving's winning drive. ROOKIE WATCH:  Nuggets forward  Kenneth Faried  came down to earth after a 20-point, 12-rebound effort Monday. He finished with nine rebounds but he only had four points. NOTABLE:  Irving finished with eight assists and five rebounds. It's the fourth time this season he has had at least 15 points, five assists and five rebounds. ... The Nuggets lost to an Eastern Conference team for the first time. They're 9-1 in 10 games against the East. UP NEXT:  For the Cavaliers, Friday @ Oklahoma City, Sunday vs. Houston, Tuesday vs. Toronto. For the Nuggets, Friday vs. New Orleans, Sunday vs. Memphis, Tuesday vs. Atlanta.  