  Notebook: Hawks 109, Clippers 102 Posted Tuesday April 24, 2012 11:48PM By Matt Winkeljohn, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Both teams had something significant to lose Tuesday, and when the Hawks played the Clippers it looked for a moment like Atlanta's  Joe Johnson  lost track of time. Ultimately, the Clippers lost the Pacific division title even though  Blake Griffin  scored 36 points and  Chris Paul  had 34. Johnson's off-balance shot clock-beating 3-point heave from 30 feet was the clinching dagger with 37 seconds left in a 109-102 win over the Clippers that moved the Hawks within one win or a Boston loss of home-court for the Hawks' first-round playoffs series against the Celtics. Johnson scored 28. The Clippers, meanwhile, saw their chance of catching the Lakers disappear in the Pacific, and they could still slip from No. 4 to No. 5 in the West and lose first-round home-court to Memphis. Griffin scored 16 points in the first quarter, but Atlanta's bench was fabulous in the second quarter on the way to a 52-50 Atlanta lead at halftime. Then, the Hawks broke a 70-all tie with a 15-2 run over the final 3:00 of the third quarter. Still, the Clippers -- who rallied furiously Sunday to beat the Hornets -- made a serious push. L.A., which had won 14 of 17 games prior to Tuesday, closed to within 100-96 on Griffin's put-back dunk off Paul's missed layup with 1:03 to go. Just seconds before that, Paul had drained a 3-pointer and Johnson then fumbled the ball out of bounds in the back court to keep the Clippers' hopes alive. Atlanta burned a little clock at the other end before  Jeff Teague  missed a heavily contested layup, and the ball was batted out beyond the 3-point arc and Johnson secured it. He dribbled cross court opposite the Atlanta bench, not realizing that Teague's shot had not hit the rim. With no idea the shot clock was winding down, Johnson had L.A. defender  Mo Williams  chasing him and about to pin him to the far sideline as nearby teammate  Tracy McGrady  began yelling to shoot. Johnson turned and in one awkward motion heaved the ball. It banked in. Atlanta led 103-96 with 37.8 seconds left, and the Clippers drew no closer than six points from there. QUOTABLE:  "I had no idea [the shot clock was winding down]. I was just trying to hit the rim. I accidentally made it."  --  Johnson, who passed  Kevin Willis  (10,582 points) to become the sixth-leading scorer in franchise history with 10,591. Dominique Wilkins leads with 23,292. THE STAT:  2.1 -- That's how many points per L.A. turnover the Hawks scored in the third quarter, when they built too big a lead for the Clippers to overcome. While outscoring L.A. 33-22 in the third quarter, the Hawks scored 15 points off seven L.A. turnovers in the period. Overall, Atlanta scored 22 points off the Clippers' 14 turnovers. TURNING POINTS:  We'll go with two: the Hawks' bench roll in the second quarter, and the final three minutes of the third quarter. The Atlanta reserves were outstanding in the second period, turning a 28-23 deficit into a 52-50 halftime lead.  Marvin Williams  had all 11 of his points, three rebounds an assist and a steal in the period,  Willie Green  added seven points,  Jannero Pargo  had two points, two rebounds and two assists, and  Ivan Johnson  had four rebounds and a massive shot block that sent L.A.'s  Nick Young  to the floor (all ball). The Atlanta reserves played a combined 47:29 of 60 minutes in the period, and fared well (making a combined 9-of-17 shots and grabbing 10 rebounds, or three more than all Clippers had in the quarter) even though L.A. starters played a combined 29:36 in that quarter. Then, when Atlanta out-scored L.A. 15-2 over the final 3:00 of the third quarter to turn a 70-70 tie into an 85-82 lead, the Hawks scored 10 points off four L.A. turnovers. After Griffin was called for goal interference (a turnover), Teague hit a trey, after Mo Williams made a bad pass, Teague hit a runner, after Griffin lost the ball out of bounds, Teague hit another 3-pointer, and after Paul made a bad pass Josh Smith had a put-back dunk off a Marvin Williams miss. QUOTABLE II:  "Our effort could have been better. We just have to forget about it, and turn around and get a win [Wednesday, at New York]."  --  Griffin, who made 10 of his first 12 shots and 17-of-23 overall on a night when his jumper was as good as ever. QUOTABLE III:  "Being able to cut off everybody else's water was definitely beneficial because we didn't want everybody else getting a good rhythm. I don't think anybody scored in double figures other than Chris Paul and Blake Griffin."  --  Josh Smith , who had 18 points and a game-high 10 rebounds, on generally defending Griffin and Paul one-on-one with less help than usual so as not to give space to their teammates. Smith was right. Eight Clippers other than Paul and Griffin combined to score just 32 points on 13-of-37 shooting. HOT:  Marvin Williams, who scored a season-high 29 points in Sunday's loss to the Knicks, made 5-of-7 shots in that second quarter. . . . Griffin hit 8-of-10 shots in the first period for 16 points, and most of them were jump shots. In one sequence in the middle of the quarter, he scored eight straight L.A. points on four straight shots -- jumpers from 19, 19, and 20 feet and a reverse layup. He also scored from 10, 3 and 20 feet and by dunk. NOT:  L.A.'s  Randy Foye , a starter, and reserve  Kenyon Martin  went scoreless while each missed three shots. Foye scored 24 in Sunday's win over the Hornets. NOTABLE:  Hawks center  Zaza Pachulia  missed his sixth straight game with a sprained left foot. . . . Atlanta center  Al Horford , who has been out since tearing a pectoral muscle in early January, may try to play in the Hawks' regular-season finale Thursday against the Mavericks. Or, he may not play at all even in the playoffs. The prognosis seems to change daily. . . . If the Hawks (39-26) beat the Mavericks Thursday, or if the Celtics (38-27) lose Thursday to the Bucks, Atlanta will have home-court when the teams meet in the first round. If the teams finish with the same records, Boston will have the edge. QUOTABLE IV:  "It's big. It's not something we're going to break our necks over. We really just want to go into the postseason as healthy as possible."  --  Josh Smith, on the possibility of home-court in the first round. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Wednesday @ Knicks. For the Hawks, Thursday vs. Mavericks.  