  Grizzlies-Bulls notebook   By Steve Aschburner, for NBA.com Posted Friday March 25, 2011 11:50PM THE FACTS:  With a 95-93 lead, the ball in his hands and a dwindling clock, Chicago point guard  Derrick Rose  took on the biggest and toughest part of the Memphis Grizzlies defense. Rose drove past  Tony Allen , shot by  Zach Randolph , then scaled  Marc Gasol  for a layup and a foul with 10.8 seconds to play. Rose's free throw bumped the Bulls' lead to five and they hung on for a 99-96 victory Friday night at United Center. The victory, coupled with Boston's loss at home to Charlotte, left the Bulls (52-19) two games in front of the Celtics for the No. 1 seed in the Eastern Conference playoffs.  O.J. Mayo , the only Memphis player to hit a 3-pointer on a night when his club shot 2-of-15 from the arc, sank his second with 3.6 seconds left to pull within 98-96. But after Rose got fouled and made the second of two free throws, Grizzlies guard  Mike Conley  missed from 27 feet out front. The Grizzlies' winning streak ended at three, while Chicago won at home for the 14th consecutive time. Its last United Center loss came on Jan. 18 against the Bobcats. Rose, who had the first triple-double of his career in a Jan. 17 victory at Memphis, finished with 24 points on 6-of-22 shooting, with seven rebounds and seven assists. QUOTABLE I:  "Poise under pressure, I think that's the biggest thing [needed by a closer]. To not get rattled and to have the confidence to take and make that shot, without fear of missing."   -- Chicago coach  Tom Thibodeau  on Rose's play at the end. THE STAT:  Memphis had dominated the paint for 19 consecutive games, outscoring each foe by an average margin of 18.2 points per game. But the Bulls beat the Grizzlies in that category, 46-44, on the strength of a 14-6 edge in the fourth quarter. TURNING POINT:  Down 95-93 with less than two minutes left, the Grizzlies got the ball in meat-and-potatoes position:  Zach Randolph  on the left block. But Randolph's layup attempt was met by Chicago backup big man  Kurt Thomas , with Bulls center  Joakim Noah  grabbing the loose ball. It was a sign of a Chicago defense that tightened up in the nick of time. QUOTABLE II : "No [it wasn't the plan to funnel Rose to Gasol]. But I knew he was going to jump into me. I thought I jumped straight up. The ref said that I went forward."    -- Gasol on the three-point play that won it for Chicago. HOT:   Tony Allen  was 6-of-6 for 13 points in his first 13 minutes played, punctuating several scores with taunts of Bulls fans in his hometown of Chicago. Then he missed a layup late in the first half and got taunted back. (He went scoreless in his final 20 minutes.) NOT:  Rose began the game shooting 1-for-8 and had just six points at the intermission. He,  Carlos Boozer  and  Joakim Noah  -- the Bulls' reputed Big Three -- were a combined 4-for-18 in the first half and 13-for-40 in the game. ... Memphis had taken and missed nine 3-point shots through the game's first 36 minutes before a 2-for-6 fourth quarter. QUOTABLE III:  "He's 1B. You've got 1A in Derrick Rose and 1B."    --Grizzlies coach  Lionel Hollins  on Chicago forward  Luol Deng , who carried the home team in the first half with 16 points (the only Bulls player with more than six). Deng finished with 23 on 8-for-14 shooting. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Chicago Bears defensive lineman  Julius Peppers  got a rousing ovation when shown on the Jumbotron. Noted Chicago activist  Jesse Jackson  also watched from a seat near courtside and chatted at halftime with Bulls great  Bob Love . GOOD MOVE:  Thibodeau didn't like the energy level of his team early as it fell behind 20-11, so he substituted en masse for Boozer, Noah and  Kyle Korver . The move helped, with  Taj Gibson  giving a quick boost to get the Bulls within 22-21 after one quarter. BAD MOVE:  Those dreaded double technical fouls! After Boozer shoved down Randolph with 2:57 left in the first half and Randolph popped up to take exception, referee crew chief  Joe Crawford  whistled both power forwards for technical fouls. Randolph was more agitated but Boozer clearly was the aggressor. THE STAT II:  There were five technical fouls called in all, three on Memphis and two on Chicago. NOTABLE:  Mayo was rumored to be headed to Chicago -- among other teams -- at the league trading deadline last month, with the Bulls reportedly offering  Ronnie Brewer  and multiple draft picks. Mayo scored nine points in 28 minutes on 3-of-10 shooting while Brewer had seven points, making three of his six shots. ... The Grizzlies (40-33) were trying to clinch a .500 record for the first time since 2005-06. ... Chicago has a 13-3 record at home, all-time, against Memphis. ... With the victory, the Bulls swept the Grizzlies in the season series for the first time since 2004-05. They won the Memphis meeting on Jan. 17, 96-84. ... The Bulls are 21-2 when Keith Bogans, their offensively challenged starting shooting guard, scores six points or more. He had exactly six. ... Chicago also is 45-6 when holding an opponent under its scoring average. The Grizzlies arrived averaging 99.9 points. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Saturday @ Milwaukee, Monday vs. Philadelphia, Wednesday @ Minnesota, Friday, April 1, @ Detroit. For the Grizzlies, Sunday vs. San Antonio, Wednesday vs. Golden State Friday, April 1, at New Orleans.  