  Notebook: Heat 98, Lakers 87   By Shandel Richardson, for NBA.com Posted Thursday January 19, 2012 11:49PM THE FACTS:  The Miami Heat defeated the Los Angeles Lakers 98-87 Thursday at AmericanAirlines Arena. The Heat were led by  LeBron James , who scored a team-high 31 points on 12 of 27 shooting. Miami won despite playing without  Dwyane Wade  for a second straight game. Wade continues to nurse a sprained ankle. Without one of their top players, the Heat were still able to cruise by the Lakers. James was dominant despite questions whether he would play. He was listed as questionable after leaving the morning shootaround because of the flu. Forward  Chris Bosh  had 15 points and eight rebounds while  Shane Battier  had 11 points and six rebounds. The Lakers were led by  Pau Gasol's  26 points and eight rebounds, but received a subpar effort from star  Kobe Bryant . Bryant scored 24 points, but shot just 8 of 21 from the field. The Lakers as a team shot 42 percent, including 6 of 20 from 3-point range. QUOTABLE : "It's never been between me and Kobe. I've been in this league long enough that I don't have to prove anything to Kobe, and he doesn't have to prove anything to me."  --  James. THE STAT:  The Heat were once again on the mark from 3-point range. They shot 9 of 18 from the arc after making a season-high 16 the previous game against the Spurs. TURNING POINT:  The Heat took control in the second quarter when it outscored the Lakers 27-17. Miami did it with defense, led by James. He had three blocks, and the Heat played solid interior defense against  Andrew Bynum  and Gasol. QUOTABLE II:  "They were the aggressors on both ends of the floor, up until the last minute of the game. We were aggressive in the last six or seven minutes of the game. You can't go through a 48-minute game against a team like this and allow them to be aggressivefor most of the night."  --  Lakers coach  Mike Brown. HOT:  James had his second consecutive strong game, scoring 31 points. He also had eight rebounds, eight assists, four steals and three blocks. Not bad for a guy battling the flu. NOT:  Bryant didn't get started until the fourth quarter. By then, it was too late. Bryant finished 8 of 21 from the field. GOOD MOVE:  Heat coach  Erik Spoelstra  inserted Battier in the starting lineup, replacing  James Jones . The move was beneficial because Battier was able to play solid defense on Bryant. Bryant struggled the first half when the Heat gained control. BAD MOVE:  The Lakers struggled all night to defend the perimeter. Once the Heat were able to knock down some shots from the outside, it allowed James to be more aggressive in attacking the basket. NOTABLE:  The Heat improved to 5-0 in games without Wade this season. Center  Eddy Curry  scored six points in five minutes. It was first game since Dec. 17, 2009. James is 11-5 in games against Bryant. The Lakers shot 31 percent in the first half, their lowest of the season. Bryant surpassed  Bill Russell  for 21st place in career minutes played. UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Saturday vs. 76ers, Sunday vs. Bucks, Tuesday vs. Cavs. For the Lakers, Friday @ Magic, Sunday vs. Pacers, Wednesday vs. Clippers.  