  Notebook: Kings 103, Jazz 96 Posted Wednesday February 29, 2012 1:36AM By James Ham, for NBA.com    THE FACTS: DeMarcus Cousins  had game-highs with 22 points and 18 rebounds as the Kings beat the Utah Jazz 103-96 in front of an emotional 14,000 fans in Sacramento on Tuesday night.     Marcus Thornton  added 23 points and rookie  Isaiah Thomas  kicked in 18 points and eight assists for the victorious Kings. Devin Harris  led the way for the Jazz, finishing with 18 points and seven assists.  Josh Howard  had a nice game, putting in 15 points in the losing effort. QUOTABLE:  "There are going to be a lot of nights when people won't have the answer for him. This young man is playing at a great level and he doesn't know how to play yet. When I say he doesn't know how to play, he doesn't have a polished low game yet, he doesn't have a polished face-up and bait (game)."    -- Kings coach  Keith Smart  on Cousins' big night THE STAT:  Tonight was a tale of two halves for the Kings on the offensive end. They shot just 35.7 percent from the field in the first half, but finished at 44 percent for the game, after a blistering 52.5 percent second half. TURNING POINT:  The Kings finished the third quarter in a sprint, taking the 74-71 lead into the fourth. While the game didn't end there, the run fired up the team and changed the momentum going into the final frame. QUOTABLE II:  "For me, as a coach and as a player, you have to leave him alone. I think everyone is in his ear, about everything. And so I try to stay away from him and let him just run, because if I'm in his ear, he'll be a robot on the floor."    -- Smart on rookie  Jimmer Fredette , who scored five points in his eight minutes of action HOT:  When Cousins was on the floor, he was an absolute beast. He finished with 22 points and 18 rebounds, registering yet another double-double in his break out second season. HOT II:  Thomas continued his stellar play since entering the Kings starting lineup five games ago. The rookie finished with 15 points and seven assists in the second half alone tonight and is averaging over 19 points a game as a starter. GOOD MOVE:  Smart had his team put the pedal to the metal in the late third quarter, changing the tempo of the game. The strategy worked well, leading to the 103-96 victory. NOTABLE:  The Kings starting backcourt of Thornton and Thomas finished with 29 points in the second half. The tandem went 9-for-16 from the floor and missed only one of their 11 free throws after the break. UP NEXT:  For the Jazz, Wednesday vs. Houston, Friday vs. Miami, Saturday @ Dallas. For the Kings, Thursday vs. L.A. Clippers, Friday @ L.A. Lakers, Sunday @ Phoenix.  