  Lakers-Cavs notebook   By Brian Dulik, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday February 16, 2011 11:38PM THE FACTS:  Point guard  Ramon Sessions  amassed a season-high 32 points and eight assists off the bench, leading the Cleveland Cavaliers to a stunning 104-99 victory over the Los Angeles Lakers. Just five weeks earlier, the two-time defending NBA champion Lakers handed Cleveland a franchise-record 55-point loss. In the rematch, Los Angeles' largest lead was three. QUOTABLE:  "I think [my team] took their All-Star break before the game. They left before this game started. I'm not happy with the way this trip ended, that's for sure."   -- Los Angeles coach  Phil Jackson THE STAT:  Lakers shooting guard  Kobe Bryant  was harassed into an 8-for-24 shooting performance with seven turnovers, four fouls and a technical by Cavaliers defenders  Anthony Parker  and  Christian Eyenga . Bryant did have a season-high 12 rebounds, along with 17 points, as Los Angeles suffered its third straight loss to end its seven-game road trip. TURNING POINT:  With the score tied at 82-82 midway through the fourth quarter, the Cavaliers hit the Lakers with a 14-2 run to seize command. Sessions was the catalyst with back-to-back hoops against Los Angeles power forward  Pau Gasol  -- threading a finger roll through his outstretched arms on the first, then lofting a floater for a fast-break layup on the second. QUOTABLE II:  "The only time you should beat somebody by 50 points is on a video game. That night, it felt like we were in one."   -- Cavaliers power forward  Antawn Jamison QUOTABLE III:  "They beat us by 50 last time, so they probably thought they were going to run by us tonight. We came out and played hard."   -- Ramon Sessions HOT:  Gasol single-handedly kept the Lakers from being blown out, finishing with 30 points and a season-high 20 rebounds, 10 of them offensive. He also was 14-for-14 on free throws in 41 minutes. Gasol grabbed his 10th rebound early in the second period and scored his 20th point with 6:20 remaining in the first half. NOT:  Cavaliers point guard  Mo Williams  threw the first pass of the game directly to a fan seated courtside, then exited after picking up two fouls in the first 3:18. Not only did Williams not have a point or an assist, he "tweaked his right ankle" and was unable to return, according to coach  Byron Scott . GOOD MOVE:  Cleveland center  J.J. Hickson  played within himself, rather than forcing the action with ill-timed decisions. He had 13 points and a team-high 15 rebounds, coming within three of tying  Zydrunas Ilgauskas ' team record of 12 offensive boards. "J.J. is getting much more mature and understands what he has to do every night," Scott said. "He's continuing to play well for us." BAD MOVE:  The Lakers force-fed the ball to center  Andrew Bynum , who missed his first eight shots before scoring on a goaltending call. He finished 2-for-12 with one defensive rebound, five fouls and three turnovers in being shut down by Hickson and  Ryan Hollins . "We went inside tonight, but Andrew couldn't get anything going for us, which is unfortunate because he's 7-foot-2," Jackson said. NOTABLE:  Cleveland notched its first victory in regulation since Nov. 27 against Memphis. ... Parker had a career-high tying nine assists, along with 18 points. ... Gasol's 30/20 game was the first against the Cavaliers since Indiana's  Jermaine O'Neal  on April 18, 2001. ... Cleveland is 6-1 in its last seven home games against Los Angeles. ... Lakers guard  Derek Fisher  played in his 470th consecutive contest -- the longest active streak in the NBA -- and scored a season-high 19 points. ... Los Angeles small forward  Ron Artest  was virtually non-existent with one point and no rebounds in 18 minutes. ... Eyenga wears No. 8 in honor of Bryant, who sported the same number at the start of his NBA career. UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Tuesday vs. Atlanta, Feb. 23 at Portland, Feb. 25 vs. the Clippers. For the Cavaliers, Feb. 23 vs. Houston, Feb. 25 vs. New York, Feb. 27 vs. Philadelphia.  