  Notebook: Grizzlies 103, Jazz 98 Posted Sunday April 15, 2012 12:00AM By Marlon W. Morgan, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Realizing they had to find a way to stop Utah center  Al Jefferson  if they were going to win, the Memphis Grizzlies kept the ball out of his hands for most of the fourth quarter, limiting him to just four points. As a result, Jefferson was held to just four points and the Grizzlies were able to squeak out a 103-98 come-from-behind win.  Rudy Gay  led the Grizzlies with 26 points, 12 rebounds and two pivotal blocked shots. The loss was the second in a row for Utah, furthering damaging its hopes of catching Denver for the final playoff position in the Western Conference. QUOTABLE:  "He's really maturing and embracing his ability. He has the ability to do a lot of things. He had 26 points, 12 rebounds, and he moved the ball well. That is the stuff we need from him. He is our most athletic guy. We need him to be consistent."   --  Grizzlies' head coach  Lionel Hollins  on forward Gay. THE STAT : The Jazz was scorching through three quarters, shooting 53.2 percent from the floor, led by Jefferson who had 16 points and was scoring at will in the paint. But in the fourth quarter, when the Grizzlies were able to keep the ball out of his hands, the Jazz offense sputtered as they were just 7-of-21 (33 percent) from the floor. TURNING POINT:  Trailing 86-84 with 4:49 remaining, the Grizzlies used a 7-0 run to regain the lead for good. During that run, Gay blocked a shot, which was followed by a free throw by  Marc Gasol  and an offensive rebound on his missed free throw, which was followed by a basket by  O.J. Mayo . HOT:  Grizzlies guard Mayo was just 1-for-3 for three points after three quarters. Then after hitting a couple of free throws, the Mayo got into a rhythm that saw him score 17 fourth quarter points, including 3-of-4 from 3-point range and all six of his free throw attempts. It's the most points scored in a quarter by a Memphis player this season. Mayo finished the game with 20 points. NOT:  The Jazz starters had their way with the Grizzlies starters, combining to score 80 points. But they got little help from their bench, which totaled just 18 points. QUOTABLE II:  "We aren't out of it by any stretch of the imagination. Plus, we want to continue to grow as a team. These experiences this time of year are invaluable to us. We are getting in game situations and pressure situations to grow and learn how to play, and with a young group of guys, we're learning together."   --  Utah head coach  Tyrone Corbin . NOTABLE:  Utah forward  DeMarre Carroll , a former first round pick of the Grizzlies in 2009, had to leave the game in the third quarter after being hit in the mouth and suffering a mild concussion. Carroll, making his fourth start with Utah, finished the game with six points. ... Grizzlies guard  Tony Allen  returned to the starting lineup after missing the last five games with facial lacerations. Allen played three quarters, scoring six points with three rebounds. The Grizzlies rode the hot hand of Mayo in the fourth quarter. ... In addition to Jefferson's 20 points, Utah also got 20 from guard  Devin Harris .  Gordon Hayward  and  Paul Millsap  both chipped in with 17. ... The Grizzlies outscored the Jazz, 33-22, in the fourth quarter, shooting 53 percent in the period. ... The Grizzlies have won a season-high seven straight home games. It's their longest streak at FedExForum since a franchise record 11 in a row from Dec. 18, 2009 to Jan. 25, 2010. ... The Grizzlies are now 15-3 when scoring 100 or more points. UP NEXT:  For the Jazz, Monday vs. Dallas, Wednesday @ Portland, Saturday vs. Orlando. For the Grizzlies, Sunday @ New Orleans, Tuesday @ Minnesota, Wednesday vs. New Orleans.  