Notebook: Trail Blazers 119, Cavs 116 
 
 
 Brian Dulik, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Dec 17, 2013 11:37 PM - Updated Tue Dec 17, 2013 11:37 PM 
 
 THE FACT: Damian Lillard  buried a 3-pointer with 0.4 seconds left to keep Portland atop the NBA standings with a 22-4 record. 
 
 THE LEAD:  Point guard Damian Lillard made a career-high eight 3-pointers and scored a season-best 36 points to power the Portland Trail Blazers to a 119-116 victory over the Cleveland Cavaliers. Lillard also dished out a season-high 10 assists and tied his career best with eight rebounds. Power forward  LaMarcus Aldridge  added 26 points and a game-high 15 rebounds for the Trail Blazers. All-Star point guard  Kyrie Irving  and shooting guard  Dion Waiters  each scored 25 points to lead the Cavaliers, who had their four-game home winning streak snapped. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "They left just enough time for us to get one last shot -- and we found a way to get it done. I made a move to get [Cavaliers small forward  Alonzo Gee ] off-balance, and I made sure that I was ready when I froze him." 
 -- Damian Lillard 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Lillard has made game-winning shots in two straight games, both of them on the road. The reigning Kia NBA Rookie of the Year made a fadeaway jumper with 0.1 seconds left Sunday to give Portland a 111-109 overtime victory at Detroit. Lillard beat the Cavaliers by faking a dribble-drive against Gee, then pulling up for a 27-footer that found nothing but net. "That was cold-blooded," Waiters said. "We knew Lillard was getting the ball. That was a big-time shot." 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Cavaliers trailed 116-108 with 1:15 left, but scored eight straight points to knot the score. Center  Anderson Varejao  scored the game-tying layup on a gorgeous assist from Irving with 7.1 seconds remaining, whipping the Quicken Loans Arena crowd into a frenzy. Lillard, though, silenced them by taking the inbounds pass at midcourt and beating Gee in a one-on-one isolation. "There is no explaining it," Trail Blazers coach  Terry Stotts  said. "Damian was fantastic." 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "That was crazy, just crazy. Two games in a row, Damian made the game-winner. It's been fun to watch, though. I don't know how we're winning all these close games, but I'll take it." 
 -- Trail Blazers center  Joel Freeland 
 
 
 HOT:  The Trail Blazers have scored 100-plus points in 13 straight games for the first time since March 29-April 24, 1994. ... Aldridge notched his 15th double-double of the season. ... Lillard shot 8-for-12 beyond the arc, including 6-for-8 in the second half. ... The Cavaliers committed a season-low six turnovers. ... Irving, who dished out 10 assists without a turnover, is averaging 25.7 points and 6.3 assists in three career games against Portland. ... Cleveland center  Andrew Bynum  had 13 points in 15 first-half minutes. ... The Cavaliers' 59 first-half points were a season high. 
 
 NOT:  Trail Blazers center  Robin Lopez  was limited to four scoreless minutes in the second half because of foul trouble. ... Portland small forward  Nicolas Batum  missed 10 of his 13 field goal attempts. ... The Trail Blazers' bench was outscored 50-16. ... Cavaliers shooting guard  C.J. Miles  and Bynum combined to play 17 scoreless minutes in the second half. ... Bynum had zero points, two rebounds, two fouls, and two turnovers in 12 minutes after intermission. ... Cleveland lost the second-chance points battle by a whopping 35-10 margin. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "That's what all great players want, the last shot. Big-time players make big-time shots, and that's what he did in our home. Damian Lillard played a hell of a game and just got hot." 
 -- Kyrie Irving 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  The Trail Blazers signed point guard  Mo Williams  to a two-year contract on Aug. 8, giving them a trusted veteran to back up Lillard -- the reigning Kia Rookie of the Year. "We filled two of our needs with one player in Mo, so we were thrilled to sign him," Stotts said. "He gives us a backup point guard -- because Damian played too much last year -- and a scorer off the bench." Williams had nine points and six assists in 23 minutes against the Cavaliers. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  The Cavaliers didn't come close to matching the intensity displayed by Portland on the glass. The Trail Blazers outrebounded Cleveland 56-44, grabbing 18 offensive boards. Freeland collected a game-high five offensive rebounds, while Aldridge and Lopez had four apiece. "Obviously, the blatant thing tonight that we got killed on was the boards," Irving said. "When you're playing against a great team, we have to take care of the little things like that." 
 
 NOTABLE:  In a pregame news conference, Waiters denied persistent reports that he has asked Cavaliers general manager  Chris Grant  for a trade. "Why would I say that? It's crazy," Waiters said. "They've got to write something, but I know what I said and what I didn't say." ... Williams, who played for Cleveland from 2008-2011, received a nice ovation when he entered the game. ... The Trail Blazers are 3-0 on their current four-game road trip. ... Portland's inactives were rookie point guard  C.J. McCollum  (left foot fracture) and power forward  Victor Claver . McCollum is a Northeast Ohio native who graduated from Canton GlenOak High. ... Not in uniform for the Cavaliers were rookie shooting guard  Carrick Felix  and center  Henry Sims . 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Trail Blazers, Wednesday @ Minnesota, Saturday vs. New Orleans, Dec. 26 vs. L.A. Clippers. For the Cavaliers, Friday vs. Milwaukee, Saturday @ Chicago, Monday vs. Detroit. 
