Notebook: Nuggets 107, Clippers 82 
 
 
 Michael Kelly, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Mar 08, 2013 2:28 AM - Updated Fri Mar 08, 2013 2:28 AM 
 
 THE FACTS:   Ty Lawson  continued his hot play with 21 points and 11 assists,  Danilo Gallinari  had 20 points and the Denver Nuggets beat the Los Angeles Clippers 107-82 on Thursday night. 
 
 Kenneth Faried  had 11 points and 10 rebounds for the Nuggets, who have won seven straight and 12 in a row at home.  
 
 Matt Barnes  came off the bench to lead the Clippers with 19.  Chris Paul  had 16 points and 10 assists and  Blake Griffin  finished with 17 points. 
 The Clippers had their five-game road winning streak snapped with the loss. 
 Denver moved to within a game of idle Memphis for the fourth seed in the Western Conference with the win. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "Our mission since day one was to get homecourt advantage. We keep this streak going I think it's very possible we can get to (the) fourth (seed) and possibly even third."  
 -- Ty Lawson 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Nuggets lead the league in points in the paint at 57 per game. They scored only 46 Thursday but made up for it with hot shooting. They hit 11 3-pointers and made 55.8 percent of their field goals. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  After cutting a 15-point deficit to eight early in the fourth the Clippers didn't capitalize on Denver's cold shooting to close the gap. They missed four shots and had two turnovers while the score stayed 88-80 for nearly three minutes. Denver found its stroke and soon had a 14-point lead and the game in hand. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We were missing little easy shots and allowed them to get in transition. They pulled away in the second half with their transition offense. We just ran out of gas tonight."  
 -- Matt Barnes 
 
 
 HOT:  Griffin and Gallinari had a good duel going in the third quarter. Griffin was held to four points in the first half but got hot early in the third and scored 11 in the period. Gallinari had 10 points in the third, including two dunks and a 3-pointer during a Nuggets run that gave them a 79-64 lead late in the frame. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "As the game was going on I thought we had the younger version of a lot of their players.  Wilson Chandler  is a young  Lamar Odom .  Corey Brewer  is a young Matt Barnes. They're a veteran deep team and we're a young deep team."  
 -- Nuggets coach  George Karl 
 
 
 NOT:  Griffin turned in his lowest rebounding night of the season. He had more turnovers (three) than rebounds (two) and didn't grab a board in the second half. His previous low rebounding total this season was four, which he has done four times. 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  After struggling in his first two games after missing a couple with a bruised left thigh, Gallinari has started to find his offensive footing. He had 23 in Sacramento on Tuesday and 20 more Thursday.  
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  Karl gave a warm greeting to the parents of Clippers guard and Denver native  Chauncey Billups  before the game.  Ray  and  Faye  Billups were Nuggets' season ticket holders when Chauncey played for Denver for from 2008-11. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  The Clippers went to a zone in the first half and it had an impact on Denver's offensive flow. The Nuggets had a hard time finding open shots for a stretch and were settling for contested ones at the end of the shot clock. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  This might be considered a schedule loss. The Clippers played at home Wednesday night and had to fly into town to play a rested Denver team. Fatigue hit them in the third quarter and that's when the Nuggets took control. 
 
 QUOTABLE IV:  "It's a tough back-to-back for everybody. They're a good team, they forced the tempo."  
 -- Clippers coach  Vinny Del Negro 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  Teams coming from the West Coast to play the second game of a back-to-back in Denver are 3-42 since the start of the 2007-08 season. ... The win was Denver's 41st of the season, ensuring a non-losing season. Karl has 21 straight non-losing seasons in his coaching career, tying  Phil Jackson  for the longest in NBA history.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Sunday vs. Denver, Wednesday vs. Memphis, Sunday, March 17, vs. New York. For the Nuggets, Saturday vs. Minnesota, Monday @ Phoenix, Wednesday vs. New York. 
