  Notebook: Bulls 83, Pistons 71 Posted Friday March 30, 2012 11:18PM By Kent McDill, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The Detroit Pistons put up a game-long fight but the host Chicago Bulls held on for an 83-71 victory Friday at the United Center.  Luol Deng  led the Bulls with 20 points.  Joakim Noah  had a double-double with 19 points and 12 rebounds and  Carlos Boozer  had 13 points and 11 boards.  Brandon Knight  led the Pistons with 16 points. THE STAT:  The Bulls had 10 of their 20 offensive rebounds in the fourth quarter. They had 53 rebounds total, beating the Pistons 53-37 in that category. Noah had eight offensive boards. QUOTABLE:  "If we win the rebounding battle, we have a pretty good chance to win the game. Thibs tells us that."    -- Noah QUOTABLE II:  "That's why they are the best team in the league. What they do is play for 24 seconds."    -- Detroit coach  Lawrence Frank THE STAT II:  The Pistons attempted only seven free throws the entire game, making six. The Bulls were 17 for 21 from the line. THE STAT III:  The Pistons scored just 10 points in both the second and fourth quarters. TURNING POINT:  The Bulls scored eight straight points late in the second quarter to build a 44-33 lead, and although the Pistons got to within four points on numerous occasions, they could not get over the hump. INJURY UPDATE:  Bulls guard  Rip Hamilton  was expected to play for the first time since March 5 when he suffered a shoulder injury, but coach  Tom Thibodeau  decided not to use him, extending his absence to 13 consecutive games. Bulls guard  Derrick Rose  did not play for the ninth consecutive game due to a sore groin.  Ben Gordon  (sore groin) and  Rodney Stuckey  (hamstring) did not play for the Pistons. QUOTABLE III:  "We've been patient this long. I just want to make sure it is the right time for him."    -- Thibodeau on decision not to play Hamilton Friday. HOT:  Bulls backup center  Omer Asik  has had an up-and-down season, but he had a monster game Friday with seven rebounds and four blocked shots in 16 minutes. He and Noah combined to shoot eight for 12 from the field, 22 points and 19 rebounds. NOTABLE:  The Bulls have beaten the Pistons 14 consecutive times, dating back to December of 2008. The Pistons have not won in Chicago since February of 2006... the Bulls have not lost consecutive home games since March of 2010. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, @ Oklahoma City Sunday, vs. Houston Monday, vs. Boston Thursday. For the Pistons, vs. Charlotte Saturday, vs. Orlando Tuesday, at Atlanta Wednesday.  