  Mavericks-Suns notebook   By Mike Tulumello, for NBA.com Posted Monday March 28, 2011 2:18AM THE FACTS:  The Phoenix Suns, their season down to the final few games, can play loose. The Dallas Mavericks, trying to edge out the Los Angeles Lakers for the West's No. 2 spot, need to play a bit frantic. On Sunday night in Arizona, desperation won out over free and easy. The Mavericks broke open a tight game thanks to a pair of 3-point bombs by  Jason Kidd  in the closing moments en route to a gritty 91-83 win. "Both teams played at a high level of aggression," Mavericks coach  Rick Carlisle  said. "It was very physical...these kinds of games come down to will and toughness, and I give our guys a lot of credit. "Our shots weren't falling...and to just hang in and come to the huddles and talk about how we're going to get it done, that's progress for us." With the win, the Mavs (52-21) remained one game behind the Lakers. The Suns fell to 36-36. Tyson Chandler  led the Mavericks with 16 points and 18 boards. Also scoring 16 were Kidd and reserve  Jason Terry . Dirk Nowitzki,  hounded by  Grant Hill , shot just 6-for-19 for 15 points. For the Suns,  Marcin Gortat  had 20 points and 15 rebounds.  Jared Dudley , installed as a starter along with Gortat, also scored 20.  Steve Nash  shot just 3-for-11 for six points. The Suns limited the Mavericks to 38 percent shooting. But after shooting 46 percent through three quarters, they made just 5-for-17 (29 percent) in the fourth quarter. And for the game, they missed nine-of-23 free throws. Hill,  Vince Carter  and  Josh Childress  all went 0-for-2. QUOTABLE:  "The first one I had no choice, the shot clock was about to go off. The second one, I was shooting it all the way if Dirk was going to give it to me...That's what he's been doing all season, trusting his teammates."   -- Kidd on his two big shots. THE STAT:  The Suns hit only 1-for-16 on 3- pointers. TURNING POINT:  With 1:11 left, moments after the main scoreboard went on the blink, Kidd nailed a 3-pointer to break an 83-83 tie. After Channing Frye, who failed to score in the game, missed a 3-pointer, Kidd hit a 25-footer to seal it. QUOTABLE II:  "He's hurting and he's worn down. But he gives me everything he has."   -- Suns coach Alvin Gentry on Nash. GOOD MOVE:  Gentry replaced  Robin Lopez  with Gortat as the starting center. Many fans wondered why he didn't make the move sooner. But Lopez at least defended the basket and complemented the other Suns' starters, who were natural scorers. Gortat, in turn, was outstanding off the bench. In fact, he leads the NBA with 17 double-doubles as a reserve. Yet with Lopez continuing his uninspired play, and with the Suns going nowhere, he simply doesn't merit the guaranteed time of a starter. BAD MOVE:  Gentry's decision to wait until Sunday to install Dudley as the starting off guard over Carter. That Carter entered the game averaging 29 minutes compared with 25 for Dudley, who has been a far superior player this season, has been one of the enduring mysteries of the Suns' season. IN THE ARENA:   Anthony Robles  and  Bubba Jenkins  drew a prolonged standing ovation when they were introduced during a timeout. Robles, who was born with one leg, and Jenkins won NCAA wrestling championships recently for Arizona State. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Look for Childress to get sustained playing time the rest of the way for the Suns, now that the inconsistent  Mickael Pietrus  is out injured. Childress led Suns' reserves with 12 points vs. the Mavs. NOTABLE:  The Mavericks improved their NBA-best road record to 26-10 (.772). UP NEXT:  For the Mavericks, Wednesday @ Los Angeles Clippers, Thursday @ Los Angeles Lakers and Saturday @ Golden State. For the Suns, Tuesday @ Sacramento, Wednesday vs. Thunder and Friday vs. Clippers.  