  Notebook: Knicks 99, Hawks 82 Posted Thursday February 23, 2012 12:09AM By Adam Zagoria, for NBA.com THE FACTS:   Jeremy Lin  and  Carmelo Anthony  won their first game together as starters since Linsanity began two weeks ago as the Knicks crushed the Atlanta Hawks, 99-82, at Madison Square Garden. Lin tallied 17 points and nine assists and Anthony scored 15 points. Steve Novak  went 5-for-10 from deep and added 17 points off the bench.  Landry Fields  scored 16 and  J.R. Smith  added 12. The Knicks won for the ninth time in 11 games since Linsanity began Feb. 4. Jeff Teague  scored 18 points for the Hawks, who closed out their five-game road trip by falling to 1-4. QUOTABLE:  "I thought [Anthony] played really well tonight and he's just going to continue to improve...[Thursday] night [against the Heat] we're going to need him to score for sure. They're a very good defensive team and we're going to need him to score more."   -- Lin THE STAT:  Since trading for Anthony exactly a year ago, the Knicks are now 31-31 in the regular season and 31-35 overall. QUOTABLE II:  "He's gotta be Carmelo Anthony. Attack, go. If you get the ball, go. Do your thing. You don't have to fit in. What's fitting in? What's that mean? I don't know what that means. Jeremy will orchestrate the ball....[Anthony] can't think in his mind, 'OK, I gotta give up this part.' No, he's gotta play and Amar'e's gotta play and Jeremy's gotta sort it out."   -- Knicks coach  Mike D'Antoni TURNING POINT:  Trailing 16-14 in the first quarter, the Knicks closed the period on a 16-0 run to take a commanding 30-16 lead after one. They then outscored the Hawks 30-19 in the second period to take a 60-35 lead into the intermission. WHO'S HOT:  Novak, who played one game with Lin on the Reno Bighorns of the NBA D-on Feb. 4, 2011, continues to benefit from playing with Lin. He shot 6-for-12 from the field. On Sunday, he scored 14 fourth-quarter points in the win over the Dallas Mavericks. WHO'S NOT:  The Hawks have lost five of six heading into the All-Star break and played without  Joe Johnson  (left knee). QUOTABLE III:  "We need to take that step. We need to get over. 500. we kind of dug a hole in the beginning of the season. Now it's time for us to make that next step and get over .500 and start to make that push."    -- Novak NOTABLE:  J.R. Smith said the criticisms of Anthony "hurt" his friend, but that he can handle it. "He doesn't let stuff like that get to his head," Smith said Wednesday when discussing criticisms of how Anthony fits into the Knicks with Lin. "I mean he knows he's a great player. He knows what he brings to the table. He just wants to go out there and win just as bad as the next person. I'm sure it hurts at some point but at the same time we're all professional basketball players. He's one hell of a player so I don't think it's that much of a factor to him." NOTABLE II:  Playing in his second game of the year,  Baron Davis  went 0-for-3 for one point with six assists and five turnovers. QUOTABLE IV:  "We want to build momentum going into the All-Star break and we want to make a push after the All-Star break. And this is a good opportunity to build momentum. It's a big game [against Miami], don't get me wrong. We're playing a great team and it's going to be a good evaluation of where we're at, so from that end obviously we're excited."    -- Lin INSIDE THE ARENA:   David Duchovny , aka  Hank Moody  on "Californication," was in the house. UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Thursday @ Heat, Feb. 29 vs. Cavaliers, March 4 at Boston. For the Hawks, Thursday vs. Magic, Feb. 29 vs. Warriors, March 2 vs. Bucks.  