  Notebook: Rockets 112, Lakers 107 Posted Saturday April 7, 2012 2:25AM By Dan Arritt, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  For the second straight meeting against the Lakers, the Rockets didn't have to deal with center  Andrew Bynum  down the stretch. His departure via a second technical foul made things a lot easier for players like  Goran Dragic  and  Luis Scola , who helped lift Houston to a second straight win over the Lakers, 112-107, at Staples Center. THE STAT:  Dragic, who moved into a starting role when point guard  Kyle Lowry  went down with a bacterial infection a month ago, scored a season-high 26 points and contributed 11 assists and three steals. Dragic came into the game with three straight 20-point performances for the first time in his four-year career. He also played solid defense on Lakers point guard  Ramon Sessions , holding him to 10 points on 3-for-10 shooting. QUOTABLE:  "It's not like he learned how to play in the last month. He had all of this. You don't play like this if you don't have it. You don't develop this in a month. He was already this type of player. He just needed a place to show it."  --  Scola on Dragic. TURNING POINT:  The Lakers continued their trend of giving away double-digit second-half leads against inferior opponents. They led by 11 points at the start of the third quarter but Dragic and backcourt mate  Courtney Lee  each hit two 3-pointers in a 23-10 run that gave Houston a 75-73 lead. Bynum picked up his first technical for jawing with Rockets back-up center  Samuel Dalembert  after a seemingly light foul from behind with 1:18 left in the third. Bynum continued to play with a scowl on his face and, after opening the fourth quarter with a left-handed hook for an 84-83, had some words for the Houston bench and was ejected. With the 7-footer out of the game, Scola went to work down low, scoring 10 consecutive points for Houston before  Chandler Parsons  hit a line-drive 3-pointer from the baseline to give Houston a 104-99 lead with 1:30 remaining. The Lakers didn't get any closer than three after that. HOT:  Lost between the Bynum ejection and the sensational games by Dragic and Scola was the best offensive game by  Metta World Peace  in more than a year. World Peace scored 23 points on 8-for-13 shooting and was particularly effective in the first half, when he tallied 17. With Parsons moving over to guard  Kobe Bryant , World Peace was able to make use of his size advantage against Lee. NOT:  Lakers back-up forward  Matt Barnes  hit a timely 3-pointer with 2:31 remaining to tie the score for the final time, 99-99, and collected a season-high 13 rebounds, but he shot 1-for-9 from the field and was part of another weak effort by the L.A. bench. The Lakers reserves were outscored, 26-13, leaving them especially vulnerable after Bynum departed. GOOD MOVE:  Houston center  Marcus Camby  had a tough task trying to guard the much thicker Bynum, and he picked up two fouls in the game's first three minutes, but Dalembert picked up the slack nicely, finishing with 12 points, six rebounds and two steals, while obviously getting under the skin of Bynum. Camby also reemerged from his early foul trouble to score 12 points and grab 11 rebounds. Early in the fourth quarter, he beat the shot clock with his first regular-season 3-pointer since New Year's Eve in 2009, giving the Rockets a 91-89 lead. BAD MOVE:  The Lakers bench has become ever shorter, as back-up forward/center  Troy Murphy  did not appear in two of the previous four games. He was forced into action after Bynum's ejection, however, sank his only shot but committed two quick fouls trying to guard the much quicker Scola. He was quickly replaced by World Peace, who didn't have the size to match up with the Argentinian either. QUOTABLE II:  "Scola had really good rhythm and made shot after shot after shot for us there. We changed it up and tried to get Goran on a drive and he made a heck of a layup over some bigs. It was a heck of a win for us."  --  Houston head coach  Kevin McHale . NOTABLE:  The Lakers honored members of the 1971-72 championship team during halftime, awarding them commemorative 40th anniversary rings. Among those in attendance were  Jerry West, Pat Riley, Elgin Baylor  and  Gail Goodrich ... Bryant finished with a team-high 28 points, but did not record a rebound or assist until grabbing a defensive board with 4:20 remaining in the game. He finished with two rebounds and no assists. UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Saturday @ Phoenix, Monday @ New Orleans, Wednesday @ San Antonio. For the Rockets, Sunday @ Sacramento, Monday @ Portland, Wednesday vs. Utah.  