Notebook: Pistons 109, Nets 97 
 
 
 Jake Appleman, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Nov 24, 2013 6:23 PM - Updated Sun Nov 24, 2013 9:52 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Pistons (5-8) notched their second road win by overcoming a halftime deficit for the first time this season at the expense of the Nets (3-10).  
 
 THE LEAD:  Another disturbing third quarter performance was the story in the Nets' seventh loss in eight games. After building a seven-point halftime lead behind  Joe Johnson  (a game-high 34 points), the Nets were outscored 34-15 in the following frame. The Pistons' undersized, speedy backcourt combination of  Brandon Jennings  (14 points, 10 assists) and  Rodney Stuckey  (27 points) gave the Nets fits, while  Greg Monroe  (18 points, 10 rebounds) dominated the Nets inside.  
 
 THE STAT : The Pistons outscored the Nets in the paint 20-0 in the third quarter. The Nets shot 0-for-7 in the lane during that time.  
 
 TURNING POINT: Paul Pierce  (19 points, 5-for-13 shooting) turned the ball over on the fast break on the Nets' last possession of the first half. Pierce's hurried play allowed the Pistons another possession and Monroe scored while getting fouled, barely beating the game clock. After enjoying a possible five-point swing to close out the second quarter, the Pistons opened the third on a 15-4 run to take control of the game.  
 
 INJURY UPDATE: Brook Lopez  (sprained left ankle),  Deron Williams  (sprained left ankle),  Jason Terry  (bruised left knee) and  Andrei Kirilenko  (back spasms) missed the game and were all listed as day-to-day by the Nets.  
 
 ROOKIE WATCH: Kentavious Caldwell-Pope  struggled with his shot (2-for-10) and the Pistons fared better with Stuckey next to Jennings.  Mason Plumlee  (five points, three rebounds) played 14 minutes.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "Whenever a player is going on your team, why turn their water off?"  --  Pistons forward  Josh Smith , on Stuckey's offensive showing.   
 
 
 QUOTABLE II:   "We've got to be the worst team in the league when it comes to third quarters -- just unacceptable."  --  Kevin Garnett (fou r  points, eight rebounds).  
 
 
 QUOTABLE: III : "It's kind of been tale of our season,  the third quarter."  --  Johnson . 
 
 
 QUOTABLE IV:  "Every game, it's the same song."  --  Andray Blatche  (10 points), sitting a few feet away from where Johnson was standing, discussing the same problem at roughly the same time. 
 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA : Seventh-grader  Malcom Brickhouse  did his best  Jimi Hendrix  impression with a guitar-only national anthem for Kids Day.   
 
 NOTABLE : The Nets started their third string of Plumlee,  Mirza Teletovic, Tyshawn Taylor, Toko Shengelia  and  Alan Anderson  to start the fourth quarter. For a team that began the season with a claim as deepest in the league, it was quite a sight in a close game..... Johnson's eight 3-pointers were a career high...Johnson also passed  Michael Finley  for 20th place on the all-time 3-point field goals list....The Pistons shot 35 free throws in the second half and 40 in the game, the most allowed by a Nets opponent this season....Brooklyn is 0-5 without Lopez this season. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Pistons, Monday vs. Milwaukee, Wednesday vs. Chicago, Friday vs. L.A. Lakers. For the Nets, Tuesday @ Toronto, Wednesday vs. L.A. Lakers, Friday @ Houston. 
