Notebook: Rockets 104, Celtics 92 
 
 
 Brian Robb, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Jan 14, 2014 12:49 AM - Updated Tue Jan 14, 2014 12:49 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Boston Celtics lost their ninth straight game overall. It's the longest losing streak for the Celtics franchise since dropping 18 consecutive games during the 2006-07 season.  
 
 THE LEAD: Dwight Howard  dominated the Boston Celtics with 32 points and 10 rebounds as the Houston Rockets defeated the Celtics 104-92 at TD Garden.  Jeremy Lin  added 16 points and nine assists in a balanced scoring effort for the visitors in which all five starters scored in double figures.  Avery Bradley  had a team-high 24 points in the ninth consecutive loss for Boston (13-26).  Jerryd Bayless  also added 15 of his 17 points in the fourth quarter off the bench, as he led a late comeback attempt by Boston's second unit, but it was too little too late for the hosts, who were outscored by 37 combined points in the second and third quarter by Houston (25-14). The Celtics have now dropped 12 of their past 13 games overall.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "There's all kinds of positives, but they don't make you feel any better at night, and that's the reality of it.  I mean, this is hard to go through, this is not enjoyable." 
 -- Celtics head coach  Brad Stevens  on his team's losing streak 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Celtics took 101 shots against the Rockets. It's the first time the Celtics have taken 100 or more shots in a non-overtime game since 1998.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  After spotting the Celtics an eight-point first quarter lead, Houston took command of the contest in the second quarter. Houston posted a pair of 10-2 runs against Boston's undermanned second unit to double up the hosts 33-16 in the frame.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I thought Jeremy [Lin] had a really good game. I thought he pushed the ball, I thought he broke down their defense early and gotten on top of them before they could set. That's when we are at the best, when we are on top before they could set. We had some really good ball movement. Getting back to how we have to play basketball." 
 -- Rockets head coach  Kevin McHale 
 
 
 HOT:  Bradley -- One of Boston's few bright spots Monday night shined in the first quarter. The shooting guard poured in 14 of his team-high 24 points in the frame, on 6-for-8 shooting, helping the hosts jump out to an early lead before the Rockets took control of the contest.   
 
 NOT: Jordan Crawford  -- The fourth-year guard continued to struggle Monday night after a hot start to the season. Crawford misfired on eight of his 11 shots, before Stevens benched him in the fourth quarter. Crawford is shooting just 34.4 percent over his past five games.  
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT: Terrence Jones  -- Houston's starting power forward has emerged as a force on the frontline over the past couple weeks. Jones had his fourth double-double in his past six games, piling up 10 points and 12 rebounds over 36 minutes.  
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  New England Patriots wide receiver  Julian Edelman  took in the game from courtside. He received a standing ovation when shown on the Jumbotron to the TD Garden crowd.  
 
 ROOKIE WATCH: Kelly Olynyk  -- The rookie out of Gonzaga tallied four points and seven rebounds but struggled defensively against an athletic Houston frontline.  
 
 NOTABLE: Chandler Parsons  returned to the Rockets lineup after missing three games with a knee injury. The small forward showed no sign of rust in his return, finishing with a balanced line of 14 points, seven rebounds and four assists. ... Stevens re-inserted  Jared Sullinger  into the starting lineup in place of  Brandon Bass . ... Sullinger finished with eight points and 10 rebounds in 22 minutes. ...  Jeff Green  told reporters after the game he sprained his shoulder in the first quarter, but expects to be able to play Wednesday night against the Raptors. ... Stevens told reporters before the game that he couldn't rule out  Rajon Rondo  returning to the Celtics lineup this week. "I know nothing concrete," he said. "I get the impression it's sooner rather than later." 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Celtics, Wednesday vs. Toronto, Friday vs. L.A. Lakers, Sunday @ Orlando. For the Rockets, Wednesday @ New Orleans, Thursday vs. Oklahoma City, Saturday vs. Milwaukee. 
