  Notebook: Bucks 107, Cavaliers 98 Posted Wednesday April 4, 2012 11:40PM By Rick Braun, for NBA.com THE FACTS: Monta Ellis  scored 30 points, including Milwaukee's final 16 points over the last 4:32, as the Bucks held off the Cleveland Cavaliers, 107-98, Wednesday night at the Bradley Center. Ellis took and made Milwaukee's last eight shots, and a running hook by  Brandon Jennings  with 5:01 left gave the Bucks nine straight made shots to close the night. That kept the Cavs from getting any closer than six down the stretch despite outscoring the Bucks in each of the last three quarters. The Cavs (17-35) lost their ninth straight game and 18th in their last 22 despite a career-high-tying 27 points from guard  Anthony Parker . Jennings finished with 19 points, and  Ersan Ilyasova  added 18 points for the Bucks (26-28), who pulled within a game of the idle New York Knicks for the eighth and final playoff spot in the Eastern Conference. QUOTABLE:  "The shots just were going down. When it feels like that, it feels amazing, and my team and my coach just had the confidence to keep going to me and I was just making shots."  --  Ellis on making the last eight shots. THE STAT:  The Cavaliers pulled down 21 offensive rebounds to hang around till the final minutes despite trailing by as many as 19 points in the second quarter. TURNING POINT:  Back-to-back 3-pointers by  Omri Casspi  and  Antawn Jamison  pulled the Cavs within 93-87, but Ellis answered with a scoop finger-roll on a drive down the right side of the lane with 3:10 left -- the second of his eight straight baskets -- and the Cavs would never get closer than six the rest of the way. QUOTABLE II:  "He had it going. They didn't know how to stop him, so I just told him, 'We're just going to keep running it until they stop it.' They didn't, so we kept running it."  --  Jennings on Ellis' late shooting streak. HOT:  Ellis was 7-for-17 before making his final eight shots to finish 15-of-25. Parker made 11-of-14 for the Cavs, including all seven of his 2-point attempts. NOT:  Forward  Alonzo Gee  made just 4-of-13 for Cleveland. INSIDE THE ARENA:  The crowd of 11,849 was Milwaukee's fourth crowd this year below 12,000. GOOD MOVE:  There was no wiser move down the stretch than putting the ball in Ellis' hands. ROOKIE WATCH: Donald Sloan  started at point guard in place of the injured  Kyrie Irving  and had 12 points and eight assists in 36 minutes. NOTABLE:  The Bucks were without starters  Carlos Delfino  (groin) and  Drew Gooden  (back), while Cavs rookie guard Irving did not make the trip after aggravating a shoulder injury Tuesday night in a loss to San Antonio. ... Ellis also had a team-best eight assists. ... Ellis and Jennings combined for 24 of the Bucks' 28 fourth-quarter points. ... The Bucks took the lead for good at 8-7 on two free throws by  Ekpe Udoh , who started in place of Gooden and finished with 11 points and eight rebounds. ... The Bucks swept the season series with the Cavs, 4-0. ... The Bucks topped the 50-percent mark in shooting for the 12th time this season and the fourth time in five games. They're 11-1 when shooting 50 percent or better. Seven of their 12 50-percent games have come since the acquisition of Ellis and Udoh. UP NEXT:  For the Cavaliers, Friday @ Toronto, Sunday @ New Jersey, Tuesday vs. Charlotte. For the Bucks, Friday vs. Charlotte, Saturday vs. Portland, Monday vs. Oklahoma City.  