  Wizards-Pistons notebook   By Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com Posted Sunday March 6, 2011 10:56PM THE FACTS:  Forward  Tayshaun Prince , who had missed the previous four games with a back injury, led seven Detroit Pistons in double figures with 20 points as they defeated the Washington Wizards 113-102 on Sunday. Point guard  Rodney Stuckey  engineered the Pistons' attack with 19 points, a team-high nine assists and seven rebounds. Washington point guard  John Wall  had 24 points and seven assists but his team fell to 1-29 on the road. The Wizards were coached by assistant  Randy Wittman  while head coach  Flip Saunders  flew to Ohio to attend his mother's funeral. QUOTABLE:  "I'm just pushing the ball. I love to play fast. I think that's when we're at our best."    -- Stuckey on his floor game THE STAT:  44-20. Washington's top four bench players Sunday were all rookies and their inexperience showed. The Pistons' reserves outscored them 44-20. Detroit's bench also contributed 18 rebounds, lifting its club to a 45-29 edge in that department. TURNING POINT:  The Pistons reeled off 10 unanswered points late in the first half after  Nick Young  pulled the Wizards within one, 50-49, on a 3-pointer. That outburst featured two  Charlie Villanueva  layups, a Prince dunk and a tap-in by Stuckey. Detroit led throughout the second half. QUOTABLE II:  "It was tough getting loose but about the second quarter I started to feel better when I came in for the second time. Whenever you're coming back from an injury, the first game you're kind of nervous. You try to push through to see how much you can really go because practice is not the same thing."    -- Prince on his big offensive night after sitting out the previous four games. HOT:  Villanueva lit up Wizards rookie forward  Trevor Booker  while scoring 16 second-quarter points. Villanueva made three 3-pointers during the quarter while reaching double figures for the fifth consecutive game. NOT:  Washington's  JaVale McGee  got posterized on a first-quarter dunk by Prince but his biggest embarrassment was his lack of rebounds. McGee, who was averaging 7.7 rebounds, grabbed just two in 30 minutes. All but one of the Pistons who played had at least as many rebounds as Washington's 7-foot center. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Following a stint at shooting guard, Stuckey was restored as the starting point guard four games ago. He has put up impressive all-around stats during that span, averaging 20.8 points, 8.0 assists and 6.0 rebounds. ROOKIE WATCH:  Wall shot 6-for-15 from the field but he made frequent trips to the free throw line, converting 12 of 13 foul shots. He also had four turnovers but only one after halftime. NOTABLE: Tracy McGrady  did not play for the fifth consecutive game, even though he was healthy. ... Wizards starting forward  Rashard Lewis  missed the game with a sore right knee. The injury will likely require arthroscopic surgery after the season.  Josh Howard  was sidelined by a hamstring injury. ... The Pistons had 29 assists, one shy of their season high. UP NEXT:  For the Wizards, Tuesday vs. Milwaukee, Saturday vs. L.A. Clippers, Monday vs. Oklahoma City. For the Pistons, Wednesday @ San Antonio, Friday @ Oklahoma City, Saturday @ Denver.  