Notebook: Mavs 117, Kings 112 
 
 
 James Ham, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Jan 11, 2013 1:56 AM - Updated Fri Jan 11, 2013 3:05 AM 
 
 THE FACTS:  With plenty of distractions surrounding the Sacramento Kings players, they stepped up to the challenge tonight in front of their home crowd.  While they fought the good fight, the Dallas Mavericks came back late to force overtime and beat the Kings 117-112 in the extra frame. 
 
 O.J. Mayo  had a huge game for the Mavs, finishing with 24 points, 10 rebounds and five assists in 41 minutes of action.  He was aided by a big 23-point night off the bench by veteran  Vince Carter  and a solid 19-point, 10-rebound double-double by  Shawn Marion. 
 
 
 DeMarcus Cousins  led the way for the Kings with 29 points and nine rebounds but was ejected in the overtime session for shoving Carter in the face.   Isaiah Thomas  led the starting backcourt with 18, including the haymaker that sent the game into overtime and in his second game back from injury,  Tyreke Evans  finished with a solid 20-point, seven-rebound night in the loss. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I was pretty sure before the game that this was going to go to overtime.  I just had a feeling it was and I had a feeling we were going to win.  I'm not surprised by any of it."  --  Mavericks coach  Rick Carlisle  on his teams big overtime win. 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Mavs came into the game tonight 0-7 in overtime games.  They broke that streak tonight with a hard fought battle on the road against the Kings. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  With 41.9 remaining in the overtime period, Cousins let his emotions get the best of him on a loose ball.  Cousins shoved Carter in the face on his way down court, costing him a flagrant two and possibly the game for his team.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "Well, things happen in the heat of the battle and it's unfortunate, that it happened that way.  I didn't see it happen, I just saw the guy on the floor.  I won't really know what happened until I get a chance to look at the film."  --  Kings coach  Keith Smart  on the Cousins flagrant two that was called in overtime. 
 
 
 HOT:  After a rough couple of games,  Francisco Garcia  caught fire for the Kings in the third quarter and had a huge impact on the game.  The veteran wing scored 11 points in the quarter on 3-for-3 shooting, which included two 3-pointers. 
 
 HOT II:  Carter turned back the clock in the fourth quarter. The aging star scored 10 points and led his team to a late lead before the Thomas 3-pointer sent the game to overtime. 
 
 NOT: Chris Kaman  was so bad in the first half that Carlisle didn't go back to his starting center in the second half. Kaman scored six points, but shot 2-for-10 from the field and refused to pass out of double and triple teams. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Leaving Kaman on the bench. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  With the game still undecided, Smart went to four guards and rookie  Thomas Robinson  to start the fourth.  The group was fun to watch but cost the Kings valuable points in the lopsided fourth quarter.  
 
 NOTABLE:  After losing their first seven overtime contests this season, the Dallas Mavericks came away with the huge win tonight in Sacramento.   Marcus Thornton  returned to the Kings after missing the previous five games with a sprained left ankle.  He went 0-for-3 from the floor and finished scoreless in seven minutes. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Mavs, Saturday vs. Memphis, Monday vs. Minnesota, Wednesday vs. Houston. For the Kings, Saturday vs. Miami, Monday vs. Cavs, Wednesday vs. Wizards.  
