Notebook: Wizards 102, Pelicans 96 
 
 
 Bradley Handwerger, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Jan 08, 2014 11:28 PM - Updated Wed Jan 08, 2014 11:28 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Wizards have now won six of their past seven road games after beginning the season 3-8 away from Washington. 
 
 THE LEAD:   The Washington Wizards nearly had a blowout victory in hand. Instead, they held on for a 102-96 win over the New Orleans Pelicans. 
 They'll take it regardless of how it happened. After Washington (16-17) took an 89-66 lead on  Garrett Temple 's layup early in the fourth quarter, it appeared the Pelicans were done. Behind several role players, though, New Orleans (15-19) began cutting into Washington's lead. And when  Brian Roberts  finished off a four-point play with less than 3½ to play, New Orleans suddenly was within nine points. 
 After  B radley Beal  missed an 18-foot jumper, the Pelicans'  Austin Rivers  hit a layup and free throw to get New Orleans' deficit to just 93-87. 
 But  Trevor Ariza , who once played in New Orleans, stopped the Pelicans' fourth-quarter run, stroking a 3-pointer with 2:40 to play in front of New Orleans' bench. Ariza finished with 21 points and 10 rebounds while  John Wall  pitched in 20 points, six assists and four rebounds.  Marcin Gortat  had 11 points and 14 rebounds with Beal putting up 17 points. 
 The loss snapped New Orleans' four-game home-winning streak, its last loss coming on Dec. 6 to Oklahoma City.  
 
 Anthony Davis ' 21 points, seven rebounds and three blocked shots paced New Orleans, which also got 23 from  Eric Gordon .  
 
 QUOTABLE:   "We just didn't compete in the second quarter, not to the level that they were competing. They just played harder."  
 -- Pelicans coach  Monty Williams 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Plus-9 -- Washington outrebounded New Orleans 46-37 Wednesday night, helping the Wizards control the pace of play on the road, a reason coach  Randy Wittman  pointed out as being critical to their success. The Wizards also picked up five more offensive boards than the Pelicans. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  New Orleans jumped to a 20-12 lead in the first eight minutes. And then Washington took over. The Wizards went on a 28-8 run over the next eight minutes and firmly grabbed control of the game. The run began with a Wall 3-pointer and ended with another one by  Martell Webster  early in the second quarter. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "It shows how much we have grown. I remember earlier in the year we were up 10 with two minutes to go and we lost. This was big for our team tonight."  
 -- Trevor Ariza 
 
 
 NOT:  The Pelicans weren't helped by the bench very much in the first half when the game was still in reach. Five players combined to go just 2-for-10 shooting and scored just six points as New Orleans fell behind by 17 at the break. 
 
 NOTABLE:   Washington is now 5-1 when Gortat records 12 or more rebounds. He has 14 against New Orleans. ... A 3-pointer by New Orleans' Davis in the final minute was the second-year player's first career trey. ... The Pelicans'  Ryan Anderson  returned to New Orleans after suffering a herniated disc in Boston on Jan. 3. He was not at the game. ...  Jan Vesely  scored 12 points and had seven rebounds off the bench for Washington. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Pelicans, Friday vs. Dallas, Saturday @ Dallas, Monday vs. San Antonio. For the Wizards, Friday @ Indiana, Saturday vs. Houston, Monday @ Chicago. 
