  Suns-Kings notebook   By Jimmy Spencer, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday March 30, 2011 1:28AM THE FACTS:  It's certainly too late this season for the Sacramento Kings and now it looks like the same can be said about the Phoenix Suns.  Marcus Thornton  had 24 points as the Kings knocked off the Suns 116-113 in Sacramento on Tuesday night to win their fourth consecutive game and their fifth in six games. Meanwhile, the Suns have lost three in a row and eight of their last 11 games and are now 4.5 games behind the Memphis Grizzlies for the Western Conference's final playoff spot with nine games to play. QUOTABLE:  "We've had a lot of success so it's difficult to be in this position. But I'm not above it and we're not above it. Here we are struggling. ... We didn't get it done. We're still not out of it, but odds are we won't be in there."    -- Suns guard  Steve Nash THE STAT:  Thornton has scored in double figures in 17 of the 18 games he has played since joining Sacramento from New Orleans at the trade deadline. TURNING POINT:  The Suns led by nine points at 102-93 with 8:51 remaining in the fourth quarter. But the Kings went on a 9-0 run in about 90 seconds to tie the game at 102-102 at the 7:19 mark. Trailing 110-109 with 53.4 seconds left, Thornton hit a 3-pointer to give the Kings a two-point advantage.  Channing Frye  missed a 3-pointer on the other end before a pair of  Tyreke Evans  free throws comforted the lead. QUOTABLE II:  "Things are coming together. Since the trade for  Marcus Thronton , our roster has been more balanced. As we get healthy and are able to sort things out, I think we are showing that there are a lot of reasons for optimism."    -- Kings coach  Paul Westphal FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Evans was medically limited to 25-27 minutes on Tuesday night, yet he nearly had a triple-double in the 25 minutes he did play. He recorded 11 points, 10 rebounds and eight assists, easing back onto the floor after missing 19 games after surgery on his left foot due to plantar fasciitis. He said he feels good and he expects to play 30-35 minutes on Friday night and may start. ROOKIE WATCH:  Kings rookie  DeMarcus Cousins  scored 17 points and tallied eight assists and seven rebounds in the win. NOTABLE:  After dropping the first of four games between the two teams, the Kings won their remaining three against the Suns this season. ... The Kings shot just 11-for-20 from the free throw line, including an 0-for-6 display from forward  Jason Thompson . ...  Mickael Pietrus  did not play in the game, pointing to his right knee that was bothering him. Officially, the team listed him as day-to-day with a strained right quad tendon. UP NEXT:  For the Suns, Wednesday vs. Oklahoma City, Friday vs. Clippers, Sunday @ San Antonio. For the Kings, Wednesday @ Denver, Friday vs. Denver, Sunday vs. Utah.  