  Celtics-Nets notebook   By Jake Appleman, for NBA.com Posted Monday March 14, 2011 10:52PM THE FACTS:  After a 13-1 run that spanned the end of the third and beginning of the fourth quarter gave them a 12-point lead, the Nets held off the Celtics for an 88-79 win, their fifth straight. The home team's dynamic inside duo of  Brook Lopez  and  Kris Humphries  combined for 36 points and 20 rebounds while  Deron Williams  (16 points, nine assists) made big plays, including a game-sealing stepback wing 3-pointer. Kevin Garnett  (18 points, eight rebounds),  Glen Davis  (16 points, 14 rebounds) and  Ray Allen  (19 points) excelled from midrange in defeat. The loss was Boston's third in four games and left the Celtics in a tie with the Bulls for best record in the Eastern Conference. QUOTABLE:  "The frustrating thing is digging a hole."   --  Rajon Rondo,  on the Celtics falling behind lately. THE STAT:  While they held the Nets to 39.7 percent from the field, the Celtics trio of  Paul Pierce ,  Jeff Green  and Rondo acclimated to the appropriately nicknamed "Brick City" by combining to shoot 6-31 (19.3 percent). TURNING POINT:   Sundiata Gaines  sank an improbable high-arcing rainbow 3-pointer to end the third quarter, giving the Nets 67-61 lead and the momentum heading into the final frame. QUOTABLE II:  "We're approaching the corner."   --  Nets coach  Avery Johnson , when asked if the team was turning the proverbial corner. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Davis was all over the place for the Celtics, grabbing clutch offensive rebounds and draining patented midrange jumpers. INSIDE THE ARENA:  There were pockets noisy of Celtics fans throughout the arena...New York Red Bulls stars  Rafa Marquez  and  Thierry Henry , slightly obscured by a black hoodie, sat courtside. ROOKIE WATCH:  Before the game, Johnson said  Ben Uzoh  would be sent down to the D-League on Tuesday for at least four games.  Damion James  (mild concussion) didn't play. NOTABLE:  Garnett nailed three straight midrange jumpers to open the Celtics scoring...Humphries left Rondo woozy with a hard screen in the backcourt early in the first quarter. Rondo's injury woes continued in the third quarter when he turned his ankle...The Celtics finished the final 6:28 of the first quarter on a 14-0 run. The Nets' scorelessness was highlighted by shots that spilled out, tough contested attempts, and an  Anthony Morrow  blown layup that followed a series of deft head fakes...The game marked the third visit to the Prudential Center for  Sasha Pavlovic ?in three different uniforms (Mavericks, Hornets, Celtics)...The win snaps the Nets' nine-game home losing streak to the Celtics. UP NEXT:  For the Celtics, Wednesday vs. Indiana, Friday @ Houston, Saturday @ New Orleans. For the Nets, Thursday vs. Chicago, Friday @ Milwaukee, Sunday @ Washington.  