  Jazz-Lakers notebook   By Dan Arritt, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday December 28, 2011 2:24AM THE FACTS:  Playing their third game in three nights against a team making its season debut, the Lakers were more polished and energized than the visiting Jazz.  Kobe Bryant  scored 26 points and  Pau Gasol  contributed 22 as L.A. avoided its first 0-3 start in 23 years with a 96-71 victory Tuesday night at Staples Center. QUOTABLE:  "The focus, energy and effort on defense was exciting to see."   -- Lakers coach  Mike Brown , who earned his first victory with the organization. THE STAT:  The Jazz scored their fewest points since a 100-71 loss to the New Orleans Hornets on Dec. 17, 2010. None of the starters for the Jazz scored more than eight points. TURNING POINT:  With the score tied, 22-22, and 7:40 remaining in the first half, Bryant checked into the game after a lengthy breather and immediately sank a jumper to ignite a 13-0 run. The Lakers maintained a 10-point lead at the half and then extended it to 21 with a 15-4 run over the first 4 1/2 minutes of the third quarter. HOT:  The Lakers improved to 20-4 against the Jazz in regular-season games at Staples Center. NOT:  Jazz forward  Al Jefferson  had a career-worst shooting night when taking at least five field-goal attempts. Jefferson, a 50.2 percent career shooter from the floor, shot 2-for-16 against the Lakers. The eight-year veteran was 2-for-14 in the first half, a major reason why the Jazz were 13-for-50. They finished 29-for-90 (32.2 percent). GOOD MOVE:  Lakers small forward  Metta World Peace , coming off a 19-point performance Monday night in Sacramento, capped off the deciding 13-0 run with a thunderous dunk. World Peace passed on an open 3-point attempt and instead dribbled toward the basket and threw down to the joy of the home crowd, giving the Lakers a 35-22 lead. BAD MOVE:  Up by 21 points with a little more than seven minutes remaining in the third game in three nights, Brown decided to reinsert Bryant into the game. Bryant has been playing with a torn ligament in his right wrist, suffered in the closing minutes of a one-sided loss to the Clippers in a preseason game last week. Even with just under four minutes remaining and Utah playing its reserves, Bryant and Gasol were still on the floor. Bryant finally exited with 3 1/2 minutes left, Gasol departed about 90 seconds later. NOTABLE:  Lakers sharpshooter  Jason Kapono  checked in for the first time this season with 2:02 left in first quarter. He barely drew iron on his first shot attempt but made his second from the opposite baseline. Kapono finished with five points in his first run with the Lakers. Jazz forward  Paul Millsap , a game-time decision after re-injuring his quad during practice Monday, finished with a team-high 18 points off the bench. UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Thursday vs. New York, Saturday vs. Denver, Sunday @ Denver. For the Jazz, Wednesday @ Denver, Friday vs. Philadelphia, Saturday @ San Antonio.  