Notebook: Heat 124, Suns 99 
 
 
 Shandel Richardson, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Mon Nov 05, 2012 11:25 PM - Updated Mon Nov 05, 2012 11:25 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:   The Miami Heat defeated the Phoenix Suns 124-99 Monday night at AmericanAirlines Arena.  
 The Heat were led by the tandem of  LeBron James  and  Dwyane Wade , who scored 23 and 22 points while sitting most of the fourth quarter. The Heat had five players score in double figures, including center  Chris Bosh,  who had 18.  
 Miami, the league's highest-scoring team, continued its offensive onslaught. The Heat shot 55 from the field, leading by double-digits by most of the game. The Suns remained in striking distance in the first half before the Heat took control in the third quarter.  
 Phoenix shot under 40 percent from the field for the second straight game, finishing 35-for-88 from the field.  
 The Suns were led by reserve guard  Shannon Brown 's 18 points.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We wanted to set an aggressive tempo and attack. We want to still get our opportunities in the paint around the rim and we did. That is the maturity of this team -- to be able to read the game, not to pre-script and attack but let it happen."  
 
 -- Heat coach  Erik Spoelstra 
 THE STAT:   The Heat shot 15-for-26 from beyond the arc. It was their second straight game hitting double-digit 3-pointers.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Heat were already comfortable, but put things away with a 13-0 run midway through the third quarter. A dunk by James made it 88-65 with 4:13 remaining.     
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "There is a reason they (Miami) have a ring and I think they are a much better team this year than they were last year. When you add  Ray Allen  and  Rashard Lewis  to the mix, two guys that are spacious, obviously keeps the pressure on you to try to guard LeBron James and Dwyane Wade."   
 
 -- Suns coach  Alvin Gentry   
 
 
 HOT:  James and Wade put together one of their most efficient games. Both shot at a high percentage, combing to make 19 of 31 shots from the field.  
 
 NOT:  The Suns got little from their backcourt of  Goran Dragic  and  Jared Dudley , who combined to shoot 6-for-18 from the field. They also proved a defensive liability, allowing Wade to score and  Mario Chalmers  to distribute the ball to teammates.  
 
 GOOD MOVE:  The Heat had some of their best ball movement of the season. Many of the points came off easy baskets because of the improved passing. With Wade and James attacking the paint, it left the Heat's 3-point shooters wide open.  
 
 BAD MOVE:  Phoenix scored a bunch of points only because the pace of the game, but it shot poorly from the field for the most part. The Suns failed to attack the Heat's defensive weakness, which is their interior defense.   
 
 NOTABLE:  Miami's  Allen became the 24th player to score at least 23,000 points. He joins  Kevin Garnett, Kobe Bryant  and  Dirk Nowitzki  as the only active players to top the barrier. ... Wade played in his 600th career game. ... The 11 assists by Chalmers tied a career-high. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Wednesday vs. Brooklyn, Friday @ Atlanta, Sunday @ Memphis. For the Suns, Wednesday @ Charlotte, Friday vs. Cleveland, Saturday @ Utah. 
