  Notebook: Heat 120, Kings 108 Posted Tuesday February 21, 2012 11:18PM By Shandel Richardson, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The Miami Heat defeated the Sacramento Kings 120-108 Tuesday at AmericanAirlines Arena. The Heat were led by guard  Dwyane Wade 's 30 points and 10 assists. Guard  Mario Chalmers  also added 20 points, hitting 6-for-12 3-pointers. The Heat outscored the Kings 31-21 in the second quarter to take control before cruising the rest of the way. It was their seventh straight victory, all of them coming by double-digits. Forward  Chris Bosh  broke free from a recent shooting slump to score 20 points, going 7-for-14 from the field. Forward  LeBron James  had a quiet night with 18 points and eight assists. The Kings stayed closed behind their 3-point shooting, hitting 13-for-27 from the arc. Guard  Isaiah Thomas  led five players in double-figures with 24 points, including five 3-pointers. QUOTABLE:  "We weren't necessarily sharp consistently throughout the game. We did some nice things in spurts and stretches. You do have to give the Kings credit, they played very well ... They pushed us there until the very end."   -- Heat coach  Erik Spoelstra . THE STAT:  The Heat shot 56 percent from the field, making 45-for-81 attempts. TURNING POINT:  With Wade and James on the bench, the Heat went on a 9-0 run midway through the fourth quarter to break things open. The spurt was fueled by Bosh,  Shane Battier ,  Mike Miller  and  Norris Cole . QUOTABLE II:  "We had to play a perfect game to win this against this team and we were pretty close to a perfect game. We had moments but when you give up 25 points off turnovers, you are not going to beat many teams."   -- Kings coach  Keith Smart . HOT:  As much as folks want to talk about James, Wade has played solid of late. He recorded his third 30-point game of the season. NOT:  After a stretch of strong play, Kings center  DeMarcus Cousins  shot just 3-for-13 from the field. He struggled against the Heat's swarming interior defense. GOOD MOVE:  The Heat were able to reestablish Bosh in the offense. He struggled the past six games, but rebounded with his ninth double-double of the season. BAD MOVE:  The Kings may have stuck to the zone a tad bit long. Although effective, it gave Chalmers too many open looks from the 3-point arc. NOTABLE:  Forward  Udonis Haslem  moved into second place on the Heat's career rebounds list (4,549), surpassing  Rony Seikaly  ... He only trails  Alonzo Mourning  ... The six 3-pointers by Chalmers tied his career-high ... The Kings have lost five straight games on the road ... Isaiah Thomas scored 20 points in the third quarter, joining James,  Kobe Bryant ,  Kyrie Irving  and  Nick Young  to have a 20-point quarter this season. UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Thursday @ New York, Mar. 1 @ Portland, Mar. 2 @ L.A. Lakers. For the Kings, Wednesday @ Washington, Tuesday @ Utah, Mar. 1 vs. L.A. Clippers.  