  Cavaliers-Bucks notebook   By Rick Braun, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday March 9, 2011 11:35PM THE FACTS:   Earl Boykins  made his first eight shots to score 18 points, and  Brandon Jennings  also had 18 as the Milwaukee Bucks cruised to an easy 110-90 victory over the Cleveland Cavaliers Wednesday night at the Bradley Center, their second comfortable victory in two nights. QUOTABLE:  "One of the things we've had a tendency to do is each guy appears to be searching for themselves, their hot hand. Make one, maybe make another one, and then all bets are off. 'I'm coming down and taking a shot.' That's one of the reasons we have the record we have, and we talked about it at halftime, came out and did a much better job of moving the ball."  --  Bucks coach  Scott Skiles , explaining the wholesale substitutions he made late in the first quarter that turned the game around. THE STAT:  The Bucks shot 55.1 percent (43 of 78) virtually assuring them of the victory. Why is that? They're 8-0 this season when shooting 50 percent or better. TURNING POINT:  The Bucks trailed, 22-16, with 2:09 left in the first quarter when coach Scott Skiles went to his bench, summoning  Jon Brockman ,  Chris Douglas-Roberts, Larry Sanders  and Boykins to replace  Luc Richard Mbah a Moute, Andrew Bogut, John Salmons  and Brandon Jennings. That bench corps helped engineer a 30-10 blitz in the first 8 1/2 minutes of the second quarter that made it 53-37, and the Bucks never led by less than 11 the rest of the way. QUOTABLE II:  "It's a big opportunity for us. But we've got to take care of business Saturday. Philly is playing great right now. They've surprised a lot of people. So we've got to go out there and take care of business."  --  Jennings on the Bucks being just 1.5 games out of the eighth playoff spot in the East despite their 25-38 record. HOT:  Boykins made his first eight shots -- all in the first half -- before missing a 3-pointer in the second half to finish 8 of 9. NOT:  Bogut was just 1 of 6 but had 10 rebounds and three blocked shots. GOOD MOVE:  It was about the normal time for some bench players to enter, but Bucks coach Scott Skiles clearly wasn't happy with his starters when he yanked four of them with 2:09 left in the first quarter. The moves paid off as the Bucks turned a six-point deficit into a double digit lead over the next 10 minutes. ROOKIE WATCH:  Bucks forward Larry Sanders made his first five shots and finished with a 12 points and five rebounds. Cavs swingman  Christian Eyenga  had 11 points of the bench on 5-of-8 shooting. NOTABLE: Brockman tied his career-high with 11 points. His first seven points came from the line...The Bucks bench outscored the starters, 67-43...Cavs guard  Baron Davis  missed the game to join his family in Los Angeles following the death of his grandmother...The Cavs also were without rookie center  Semih Erden  (right adductor strain) and rookie forward  Luke Harangody  (hip pointer)... Bucks forward  Ersan Ilyasova  missed his sixth straight game with a concussion, and forward  Corey Maggette  missed his second straight with a sore knee. UP NEXT:  For the Cavaliers, Sunday vs. Oklahoma City, Wednesday at Sacramento, Thursday at Portland. For the Bucks, Saturday vs. Philadelphia, Sunday @ Boston, Tuesday @ Atlanta.  