  Notebook: Knicks 90, Raptors 87 Posted Tuesday February 14, 2012 11:42PM By Duane Watson, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The New York Knicks (14-15) defeated the Toronto Raptors (9-21) 90-87 at the Air Canada Centre Tuesday night, extending their winning streak to 6 games. Linsanity continued as the Eastern Conference player of the week  Jeremy Lin  nailed a game winning 3-point shot with .9 seconds left. Lin had a game high 27 points and 11 assists and  Amar'e Stoudemire  added 21 points and 8 rebounds in his first game back in the lineup. While the Raptors lead was a big as 17 points the Knicks clawed back, entering the fourth quarter down only 75-66. Lin tied the game 87-87 with a three-point play with 1:05 left.  Leandro Barbosa  missed a 3-point shot on the Raptors possession and  Iman Shumpert's  missed bank shot with 20.8 seconds on the clock gave the Raptors hope for another opportunity until  Tyson Chandler  pulled down his 3rd offensive rebound of the game, giving the Knicks the last possession of the game. Lin waited above the 3-point line in the middle of the court as the clock wound down and took a pull-up 3 pointer, making it 90-87.  Rasual Butler's  last second shot had nothing and the Raptors suffered their ninth home loss of the season. The Knicks went on a 13-1 run to close the game. For the Raptors,  Jose Calderon  scored 25 points with 9 assists,  Linas Kleiza  had 15 points and 11 rebounds off the bench and  DeMar DeRozan  chipped in 14 points. QUOTABLE:  "I'm not really thinking too much about that, thankful my coach and my teammates trust me with the ball at the end of the game. I like having it at the end of the game, I'm just very thankful."   -- Knicks guard Lin on having the ball in his hands at the end of the game. THE STAT:  12 points. That is the total points the Raptors scored in the fourth quarter and that's exactly how many points Lin scored in the fourth quarter. Lin was plagued with turnovers throughout the night (8) but peaked at precisely the right time. TURNING POINT:  Shumpert played lock down defense on Calderon throughout the fourth quarter and made an open court steal with 1:31 on the clock and took it the length of the floor for a dunk to bring the Knicks within three points, 87-84. After that, it was all New York. QUOTABLE II:  "I'm glad it went like this so we calm the 'Linsanity' down a little bit."   -- Knicks head coach  Mike D'Antoni NOT:   Amar'e Stoudemire  returned to the Knicks lineup after missing four games grieving the death of his brother. He showed some signs of rust going 2 for 9 from the field for 8 points and 3 rebounds in the first half where the Knicks were down 47-36. GOOD MOVE:  After Calderon went off for 23 points against the Knicks during the first three quarters, D'Antoni assigned Shumpert to cover the point guard for the last two minutes and the remainder of the game. Calderon had much more trouble getting it going and only attempted 2 shots which both missed. BAD MOVE:  On the last play of the game Calderon played off of Lin giving him extra space. As Lin was driving by Calderon all night, it wasn't necessarily a bad adjustment, but with the space and the clock winding down, he was nowhere near able to contest Lin's game winning shot. NOTABLE:  Before tip off Chandler presented Raptors head coach Dwane Casey with his World Championship ring, both were part of the Dallas Mavericks last year. ... It was Asian Heritage Night at the Air Canada Centre tonight. ... he Knicks are 31-32 against the Raptors. ... The Knicks have won six in a row and three straight on the road. ... This is the Knicks first six game winning streak since Mar. 28 - April 10, 2011 when the won seven in a row. ... New York's 17 point comeback was the largest by a Toronto opponent all season. ... Toronto is 1-3 on its current seven game homestand. UP NEXT:  Toronto's home stand continues Wednesday vs. San Antonio, Friday vs. Charlotte, Wednesday vs. Detroit. For New York they return home on Wednesday vs. Sacramento, Friday vs. New Orleans and Sunday vs. Dallas.  