Notebook: Bucks 109, Cavaliers 104 
 
 
 Rick Braun, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Thu Nov 07, 2013 12:15 AM - Updated Thu Nov 07, 2013 1:28 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  After allowing a 13-0 run to lose a 103-91 lead, the Milwaukee Bucks scored the final six points in the last 25 seconds for the victory. 
 
 THE LEAD: Caron Butler's  tip-in with 24.8 seconds and four  O.J. Mayo  free throws in the last 13 seconds lifted the Milwaukee Bucks to a 109-104 victory over the Cleveland Cavaliers Wednesday night at the BMO Harris Bradley Center. 
 Cleveland's  Kyrie Irving  scored the first 10 points in a 13-0 run that gave the Cavs a 104-103 lead with 1:00 left.  C.J. Miles ' 3-pointer capped the run.  Gary Neal  missed for the Bucks with 48 seconds left, but the Bucks' defense pinned Irving under the basket and forced him into a miss. The Bucks broke the other way, and Mayo pulled up for a jumper just inside the free throw line that bounced off. Butler knifed in from the right wing to tip it in with 24.8 seconds left. 
 After a timeout, Irving lost the ball off his foot, and Mayo made two free throws with 13 seconds left. Irving missed a 3-pointer with 7 seconds left, and Mayo closed the scoring. 
 Mayo finished with 28 points, while Irving led all scorers with 29. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "Big, big, big play. Big, big play. You don't expect Caron to sneak in there and soar over everybody and get a tip-in. That was probably the play of the game." 
 -- Bucks coach  Larry Drew  on Butler's go-ahead tip-in with 24.8 seconds left. 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Bucks made 26 of 28 free throws, including 8 of 9 in the fourth quarter.  Zaza Pachulia  went 10 for 10 and is now 21 for 21 on the season. In a loss to Toronto on Saturday the Bucks went just 10 for 18, including 1 for 6 down the stretch. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Butler came out of nowhere for his go-ahead tip-in with 24.8 seconds left. Before that, the Bucks had missed their previous five shots and committed a turnover. Able to play from ahead, the Bucks didn't let the Cavs get another good shot attempt. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "The free throw is the easiest shot in the game. You just have to go out there and knock them down. Nobody's guarding you. It's just you, the ball and the rim." -- Pachulia 
 
 HOT:  Bucks' second-year forward  John Henson  went 7 for 9 and is now 21 for 31 (67.7 percent) for the young season. 
 
 NOT:  Henson missed both of his free throw attempts -- the Bucks' only two misses in 28 attempts -- and is just 4 for 10 (40 percent) on the season. 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Mayo made his first six 3-point attempts before missing his last attempt, and  Gary Neal  made 4 of 5 for the Bucks. Irving made 4 of 6 from behind the arc for the Cavs.  
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:   Michael Redd  announced his retirement on Tuesday and addressed the crowd between the first and second periods. Redd played 11 seasons for the Bucks. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Drew wanted to go with veterans down the stretch and subbed in Neal for rookie point guard  Nate Wolters  with 3:21 left. Seconds later, the Cavs went on a 13-0 run, and Drew brought the rookie back in to settle his team's offense. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "I made the decision to go with veterans. There was a moment I felt it was the right time to have that veteran group in there and for that veteran group to be solid and kind of put it away. But that didn't happen, so I did get him back into the game just to get us organized." 
 -- Drew on getting Wolters back in at point guard for the final minute. 
 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Wolters, the second-round pick forced into action, played just under 33 minutes in his second career start. He finished with nine points, eight rebounds and six assists and -- more important -- no turnovers. First-round pick  Giannis Antetokounmpo  did not play for the first time this year for the Bucks. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Bucks center  Larry Sanders  missed the game with a sore right thumb. Reports came out about three hours before game time that Sanders had been involved in an altercation at a Milwaukee nightclub in the early morning hours of Sunday. ... Sanders, forward  Ersan Ilyasova  (right ankle) and point guard  Brandon Knight  (right hamstring) all missed the game, meaning the Bucks had 60 percent of their preferred starters not dressed. The Bucks also were missing backup point guard  Luke Ridnou r, who has not played yet after suffering back spasms before the season opener. ...  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Cavaliers, Friday @ Philadelphia, Saturday vs. Philadelphia, Monday @ Chicago. For the Bucks, Saturday vs. Dallas, Tuesday @ Miami, Wednesday @ Orlando. 
