  Notebook: Knicks 89, Bucks 80 Posted Monday March 26, 2012 11:26PM By Adam Zagoria, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Playing their first game of what could be many without  Amar'e Stoudemire , the Knicks responded and beat the Milwaukee Bucks 89-80 in a critical Eastern Conference game at Madison Square Garden. With Stoudemire out "indefinitely" because of a bulging disk in his back,  Carmelo Anthony  had game-bests of 28 points and 12 rebounds. He did "tweak" his groin in the second half, interim head coach  Mike Woodson  said, and was receiving treatment after the game. The Knicks improved to .500 overall (25-25) and 7-1 under Woodson. They beat the Bucks for the first time in three meetings this season and now have a 2 1/2-game lead on Milwaukee for the eighth spot in the East. The teams have one more meeting April 11 in Milwaukee. Baron Davis , starting in place of the injured  Jeremy Lin  (knee), had 13 points, seven assists and nine turnovers. Tyson Chandler  added 13 points and nine rebounds and  Iman Shumpert  tallied 11 points, including a pair of huge second-half 3-pointers. Mike Dunleavy  scored just two of his 26 points in the second half for Milwaukee. QUOTABLE:  "He reached down tonight and did what he had to do to get the job done. And to me that's big."    -- Woodson on Anthony THE STAT:  The Knicks committed 23 turnovers against 16 assists and still won. Davis (nine), Shumpert (four) and  J.R. Smith  (four) combined for 17 turns. TURNING POINT:  Trailing 56-53, the Knicks closed the third period on a 15-8 run to take a 68-64 lead after three. They stretched that advantage to 75-68 on a 3-pointer by Shumpert early in the fourth. Smith later added another three to push the lead to 84-74. Overall, the Knicks outscored the Bucks 21-12 in the third and 42-28 in the second half. QUOTABLE II:  "That's too many [turnovers]. That's 23 opportunities we don't get a chance to score the ball. Somehow that's gotta be cut down to about 10 to 12. I can live with that. But as of late we're just throwing the ball all over the gym and that's something that's gotta be corrected."    -- Woodson WHO'S HOT:  Anthony was just 8-for-20 overall, but was 12-for-12 from the line in a game in which he had to step up because of Stoudemire's absence.     QUOTABLE III:  "He's been getting a lot of flak for what's been going on around here, but I think he's been having a heck of a year myself."    -- Chandler on Anthony  WHO'S NOT: Brandon Jennings  managed just 15 points on 6-for-22 shooting and was -16. He entered averaging 20.7 points in nine career games vs. New York. QUOTABLE IV:  "Defensively, we gotta be there every night the rest of the way out. I thought tonight they answered the bell big time."    -- Woodson NOTABLE:  Stoudemire is out "indefinitely" after an MRI Monday revealed a bulging disk in his low back. "You don't wish it on any player, especially Amar'e who is a big part of what we do," Woodson said. "All we can do is just hope that it's not as serious as it may be and that he has a speedy recovery. But it gives our team, me as a coach an opportunity to look at other guys like  Josh [Harrellson]  and  Jerome [Jordan] . Guys like that gotta step in and play. We can't look back. We gotta continue to play and try to win games." Woodson said Stoudemire, who sat out the fourth quarter of Saturday's win over Detroit, might still have surgery. "If he has to have surgery, he's gotta rehab and come back," he said. "He's still a young player."     QUOTABLE V:  "He's a hard worker, he takes great care of his body and we have the best medical staff in the NBA and they're going to do everything in their power to make sure that he's [OK]."    -- Baron Davis on Stoudemire   NOTABLE II:  Lin (sore left knee) is also out and is day-to-day. "We're going to need him to go down the stretch run, but again that's why Baron is here,  [Mike] Bibby ,  Toney Douglas  becomes a big factor now in terms of trying to get him back ready to go," Woodson said. "We just gotta take it a day at a time and hope that Lin is able to get back. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Mayor  Michael Bloomberg, Donald Trump  and  Darryl Strawberry  sat courtside. UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Wednesday vs. Orlando, Friday @ Atlanta, Saturday vs. Cleveland. For the Bucks, Tuesday vs. Atlanta, Friday @ Cleveland, Saturday vs. Memphis.  