Notebook: Bucks 91, Celtics 88 
 
 
 Rick Braun, For NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Dec 02, 2012 12:50 AM - Updated Sun Dec 02, 2012 12:50 AM 
 
 THE FACTS :  Larry Sanders  had career-highs with 18 points and 16 rebounds, and  Brandon Jennings  swished a 3-pointer with 24 seconds left to lead the Milwaukee Bucks to a 91-88 victory over the Boston Celtics Saturday night at the BMO Harris Bradley Center. 
 Sanders, a third-year center from Virginia Commonwealth, also added five blocked shots as he followed up his first career triple-double (10 points, 12 rebounds, 10 blocks) Friday night with another big performance. 
 Sanders went 1-for-2 on his free throws with 11.9 seconds left, giving the Celtics a chance to tie, but  Paul Pierce  and  Jason Terry  missed 3-pointers with hands in their faces. 
 Pierce led all scorers with 19 points,  Kevin Garnett  added 17 points and Terry had 15 points and 11 assists for the Celtics (9-8).  Monta Ellis  added 17 for the Bucks (8-7), who had lost five of their previous six games. 
 
 QUOTABLE : "My teammates did a great job of finding me today. I did a pretty good job of finishing around the basket and trying to stay around there."  
 -- Larry Sanders on his career offensive night 
 
 TURNING POINT : Jennings' 3-pointer turned an 88-87 deficit into a 90-88 lead, and when Sanders rebounded Terry's miss and was fouled with 11.9 seconds left, he made one of the two ensuing free throws. The Bucks then survived 3-point attempts by Pierce and Terry in the final seconds. 
 
 QUOTABLE II : "That was the 'lull them to sleep' strategy. It worked very well tonight." 
 -- Bucks coach  Scott Skiles  on his team falling behind 17-0 
 
 HOT : Sanders was 7-for-11 from the field and even went 5-for-6 from the free-throw line. He entered as a 54.2 percent shooter from the line. 
 
 NOT : Ellis was just 6-for-20, and Jennings was just 4-for-11 before drilling the go-ahead 3-pointer to finish 5 of 12. They're Milwaukee's two leading scorers, but are shooting just 40.1 percent (Ellis) and 41.3 percent (Jennings), respectively. 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA : Antonio Freeman, a wide receiver on the Green Bay Packers' Super Bowl championship team of 1996, was in attendance. 
 
 GOOD MOVE : Skiles had defensive whiz  Luc Richard Mbah a Moute  at his disposal for the first time this season, and used him on Pierce and Terry in key possessions in the final seconds. Mbah a Moute and  Marquis Daniels  both guarded Terry and Pierce and switched any time the two tried to run a pick-and-roll together. 
 
 BAD MOVE : Skiles made two changes in his starting lineup, going with Daniels and  Epke Udoh  in place of  Tobias Harris  and  Samuel Dalembert . Not that it was the fault of those two players, but the new starting lineup looked awful  as the Bucks fell into a 17-0 hole. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH : First-round pick  John Henson  started and had five points in 13:28 for the Bucks. Second-round pick  Doron Lamb  had two points and two assists in 15:24 and played some defense that helped the Bucks recover from their horrible start. Forward  Jason Sullinger  had two points and three blocks in 13:40 for the Celtics.  
 
 NOTABLE : Boston coach  Doc Rivers  was emotional after the game talking about the death of  Rick Majerus , who was an assistant coach at Marquette when Rivers played there. "That's a tough one for me. He's the one that gave me my name," Rivers said. Majerus gave Rivers the nickname "Doc" at a youth camp before Rivers attended Marquette. "I knew before the game that he wasn't going to make it through the night. I don't want to talk much about it." Majerus coached Marquette from 1983-86 and then was a Bucks' assistant coach in the 1986-87 season before returning to the college ranks. Bucks assistant coach  Jim Boylan  also played at Marquette when Majerus was an assistant. ... The Celtics were playing their second straight game without Rajon Rondo, who was suspended for fighting. 
 
 UP NEXT : For the Celtics, Tuesday vs. Clippers, Wednesday @ Utah , Friday @ Denver . For the Bucks, Monday @ New Orleans, Wednesday @ San Antonio, Friday vs. Charlotte. 
