Notebook: Lakers 110, Jazz 99 
 
 
 Dan Arritt, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Jan 04, 2014 1:43 AM - Updated Sat Jan 04, 2014 1:43 AM 
 
 THE FACT:   The Lakers ended a six-game losing streak and avoided their longest skid since dropping seven in a row in March 2007. 
 
 THE LEAD:   The Lakers trotted out their 18th different starting lineup this season and their sixth different starting point guard. Believe it or not, they may have finally found the right combination.  Kendall Marshall , who was playing in the D-League just three weeks ago, delivered career highs of 20 points, 15 assists and six rebounds as the Lakers led from start-to-finish in the much-needed 110-99 victory at Staples Center. Marshall is just the second member of the Lakers to post at least 10 points and 10 assists in his first start with the team. 
 
 QUOTABLE:   "He didn't rush anything, just really makes great decisions on the floor." 
 -- Lakers forward  Pau Gasol  on Marshall 
 
 
 THE STAT:   Lakers forward  Nick Young  scored 11 of his 16 points in the fourth quarter, putting him in double figures in 19 consecutive games. 
 
 TURNING POINT:   Before they started chipping away, the Jazz trailed by as much as 19 points in the first quarter and 21 in the second. Utah pulled within four points with 4:45 remaining in the game, but  Jodie Meeks  secured his own rebound off his missed 3-pointer and the ball ended up in the hands of Young, who sank the jumper to lift him into double figures. The Jazz drew back within four one final time on a dunk by  Derrick Favors  with 1:35 left, but there was Meeks again, sinking a 3-pointer off Marshall's 15th assist to push the lead back to seven and Utah was out of comebacks.   
 
 HOT:   Marshall, the 13th overall pick by the Suns in 2012, was putting up 11 points and 11 assists for the Delaware 87ers in a loss to the Fort Wayne Mad Ants as recently as three weeks ago. He's getting another chance with the injury-ravaged Lakers and made the most of his first start with the club, shooting 8-for-12 from the floor and committing just one turnover in a team-high 41 minutes. He seemed to rejuvenate Gasol by getting him the ball in good spots and Gasol responded with one of his best games of the season, producing 23 points on 10-for-17 shooting, pulling down 17 rebounds and distributing eight assists. The Lakers seemed determined to end their losing streak right from the start, building a 19-6 lead by the midway point of the first quarter and shooting 64.6 from the field in the opening 12 minutes. The 12 points scored by Utah in the opening quarter also represented a season low for an L.A. opponent in any quarter this season. 
 
 NOT:   The Jazz were in complete contrast to the Lakers in the first quarter, shooting 23.1 percent from the floor and leaving themselves a steep climb the rest of the game. The starting backcourt of  Gordon Hayward  and  Trey Burke  combined to miss all seven of their field-goal attempts and go scoreless in the opening quarter, while Burke also committed two fouls in the first 5 ½ minutes. Burke, who came in second in the NBA among rookies at 35.9 percent from 3-point range, ended up missing all eight of his attempts from beyond the arc and was 3-for-15 from the field overall. Hayward regrouped to score a team-high 22 points on 8-for-16 from the field. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:   Marshall may have been at his best after checking in for his second run early in the second quarter. Utah had scored eight unanswered points to cut a 20-point deficit to 12 when Marshall assisted on three baskets in a 51-second span, allowing the Lakers to catch their breath and keep it a double-digit lead for the remainder of the half. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:   "I thought he had a great pace to the game and he throws frozen ropes out there. Those [passes] are in your chest." 
 -- Lakers coach  Mike D'Antoni 
 
 
 BAD MOVE:    The Jazz had fought back to get within single digits again in the fourth quarter and had the ball after Gasol missed an eight-footer, but backup center  Enes Kanter  steamrolled Lakers center  Robert Sacre  for a charging foul. Kanter cut the deficit back to eight on the next possession and Young missed a 3-pointer, but once again Kanter committed an offensive foul on the other end, axing another golden opportunity to cut into the lead. 
 
 NOTABLE:   Marshall is the first player for the Lakers to post at least 20 points and 15 assists since  Kobe Bryant  had 23 and 15 against Washington in 2002. ... Gasol passed  Kiki Vandweghe  to move into 99th highest on the NBA's all-time scoring list. 
 
 UP NEXT:   For the Lakers, Sunday vs. Denver, Tuesday @ Dallas, Wednesday @ Houston. For the Jazz, Tuesday vs. Oklahoma City, Friday vs. Cleveland, Jan. 13 vs. Denver.  
