  Heat-Raptors notebook   By Holly MacKenzie, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday February 16, 2011 11:15PM THE FACTS:  On Wednesday night the Miami Heat defeated the Toronto Raptors 103-95, making  Chris Bosh 's return to the Air Canada Centre a pleasant one for the former Raptor. Bosh scored 25 points for the Heat while  Dwyane Wade  had 28 points and  LeBron James  was two assists shy of a triple-double with 23 points, 13 rebounds and eight assists.  Andrea Bargnani  led the Raptors with 38 points. QUOTABLE:  "Well, it's not that I'm happy I didn't have to go anywhere. It was a decision that was made. Miami just was the best city to choose. Not saying anything about Toronto, but it wasn't a focal point of mine. I wasn't coming here. And not saying nothing about Cleveland, [but] I wasn't going there neither. It was just Miami was the best city."    -- Dwyane Wade on being happy he didn't have to leave Miami last summer. THE STAT:  Free throw shooting and personal fouls. While the Raptors were called for 24 personal fouls, the Heat had 14 and the free throw discrepancy showed in the final score of a singe-digit victory. The Heat shot 78 percent from the line, hitting 29 of their 37 attempts while the Raptors attempted just 20 free throws, making 17. TURNING POINT:  While the game was close in the first half and the Heat held a four-point lead to open the third quarter, things quickly turned as they reeled off 13-4 run that put them ahead by 13. The Raptors fought back in the fourth quarter and kept it close until the end, but there was a break in the intensity of the crowd during that run and the momentum shifted towards the Heat. QUOTABLE II:  "You know, we are human. And people that supported you so long, which I don't know every single person, every single Raptors fan, but a town that supported you for so long, just to hear some of that stuff, it makes you upset. I just tried to channel that into the game and use that anger as aggression and just help my team win."    -- Chris Bosh on the boos from the crowd HOT:  Bargnani finished the game with a game-high 38 points on 15-for-26 shooting. He shot 5-for-6 from beyond the arc and tied a career-high with five made 3-pointers. NOT:  The trio of  Sonny Weems ,  Amir Johnson  and  Jose Calderon  combined to shoot 4-for-21 from the floor. Johnson did finish with 11 rebounds and Calderon had 14 assists, but Weems was a complete non-factor. INSIDE THE ARENA:   Jon Bon Jovi  was in attendance and received a loud ovation from the crowd when he was shown on the jumbotron between the third and fourth quarter while "Living on a Prayer" played in the arena. The announced crowd was the third-highest in Air Canada Centre history. ROOKIE WATCH:  Raptors rookie  Ed Davis  added another double-digit rebounding night to his resume, finishing with 13 rebounds to go with his eight points in 22 minutes of play. NOTABLE:  The Heat are now 3-0 against the Raptors this season. Toronto's  DeMar DeRozan  will compete in the dunk contest during All-Star Saturday night. James, Bosh and Wade will play in the All-Star Game while  James Jones  will compete in the 3-point shooting competition representing the Heat. UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Tuesday vs, Sacramento, Thursday @ Chicago and Friday vs. Washington. For the Raptors, Tuesday @ Charlotte, Wednesday vs. Chicago and Friday vs. Phoenix.  