  Pacers-Bulls notebook   By Kent McDill, for NBA.com Posted Monday December 13, 2010 11:15PM THE FACTS:  The Bulls let a 19-point first-quarter lead slip away, but got serious again in the fourth quarter to take a 92-73 victory over the Indiana Pacers for their sixth win in a row.  Carlos Boozer  scored 22 points and grabbed 18 rebounds.  Derrick Rose  had 19 points and 12 assists but got hurt twice in the fourth quarter.  Mike Dunleavy  started in place of injured Pacers forward  Danny Granger  (ankle) and scored 12 points. THE FACTS II:  Rose rolled his ankle midway through the fourth quarter, requiring the Bulls to take a timeout. He came back in and led the Bulls on an 11-0 run before injuring his wrist on the fall after jumping over Indiana guard  Brandon Rush  on a drive to the basket. QUOTABLE : "Basketball is physical and you have to play through it. My whole body hurts -- elbow, wrist, hip, shin, shoulder. I know tomorrow is going to be a bad day."     -  Rose talking about his two fourth-quarter injuries THE STAT:  The Bulls entered the game ranked 27th in the league in free throw shooting and missed six of their first eight free throws Monday. They finished 10 for 20 from the line. TURNING POINT:  With 5:34 left in the game and the Bulls up by seven points, Derrick Rose severely twisted his right ankle and the Bulls called timeout. But Rose reentered the game, scored twice and helped the Bulls complete an 11-0 run that gave them an 84-69 lead with 2:58 left. THE MOMENT:  With 4:53 left in the second quarter, Derrick Rose of the Bulls dribbled inside and put up a shot that was blocked. Rose, who has become frustrated at not getting calls as frequently as other superstars, said something that earned him a technical foul. "The way I looked at it, it had to be a charge or a block. I made contact, he fell. (I don't know) how that is a no-call," Rose said. HOT:  Carlos Boozer had 22 points and 18 rebounds, marking his third game out of last six in which he has earned a double-double. NOT:  Indiana center  Roy Hibbert , who had his season-low with six points against Atlanta Saturday, matched that total against the Bulls, making just two of seven shots from the field. HE also contributed just three rebounds in 20 minutes. QUOTABLE II:  "You know what he says when somebody falls like that? Mind over matter. He throws his body around like no point guard I have ever seen ever. It's scary."     - Bulls center  Joakim Noah  talking about teammate Derrick Rose NOTABLE:  The Pacers bench, which got them back into the game after falling behind by 19 points early, outscored the Bulls bench 27-23, led by  T.J. Ford's  13 points. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Wednesday at Toronto, Saturday vs. Clippers, Tuesday vs. Philadelphia. For the Pacers, Vs. Lakers Wednesday, vs. Cleveland Friday, @ Boston Sunday.  