Notebook: Nets 89, Cavaliers 82 
 
 
 Jake Appleman, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Jan 04, 2014 10:46 PM - Updated Sat Jan 04, 2014 10:49 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Nets moved a game ahead of the Cavaliers in the vast lower tier of the Eastern Conference standings by beating Cleveland for the fourth consecutive time at home.  
 
 THE LEAD:  Three very good quarters of play from the Nets (12-21) overcame one atrocious one, as they downed the Cavs 89-82.  Deron Williams  (21 points, six assists) and  Paul Pierce  (17 points, five assists) excelled in spurts to lead the Nets as  Joe Johnson , a game after his dramatic game-winner against the Thunder, continued to struggle shooting the ball. The Nets held the Cavs (11-22) to just 36.7 percent shooting from the floor.  Dion Waiters  led the Cavs with 26 points.  
 
 THE STAT:  The Nets tallied 24 assists while committing only nine turnovers.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  Despite struggling for most of the third quarter, the Nets scored the last five points of the frame and nine of the first 11 in the fourth quarter to take back control of the game.  Mirza Teletovic  sparked the Nets with two big 3-pointers during the run.  
 
 INJURY UPDATE: Kyrie Irving  missed his second straight game with a left knee contusion. ....  Kevin Gar n ett  was given a day off to rest.  Reggie Evans  started in his place. .... Nets center  Brook Lopez  underwent successful surgery on his broken foot today according to the team.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I think we've decided to use the New Year to try and turn things around."  --  Pierce 
 
 
 QUOTABLE II : "If you don't come out with energy, they hit you in the mouth first."  --  Waiters 
 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH: Matthew Dellavedova  connected on three second quarter 3-pointers and tied a career high with 14 points. ....  Anthony Bennett , the top pick in the draft, went scoreless while grabbing one rebound in eight minutes of action. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Evans tallied a season-high for points (6) in the game's first eight minutes. .... Pierce passed  Allen Iverson  for 19th on the NBA's all-time scoring list with a 3-pointer from the left wing in the second quarter. .... In his return to the lineup after missing four games due to personal reasons,  Andray Blatche  (12 points) didn't score until the last minute of the third quarter...Williams has 50 points and 10 assists in his last two games...Johnson scored a season-low two points...Brooklyn is 8-0 when holding opponents to 94 points or less...The Cavaliers are 0-8 when recording 17 assists or less. They had 14 Saturday night. 
 
 UP NEXT : For the Cavs, Sunday vs. Indiana, Tuesday vs. Philadelphia, Friday @ Utah. For the Nets, Monday vs. Atlanta, Wednesday vs. Golden State, Friday vs. Miami.  
