Notebook: Pacers 82, Cavaliers 78 
 
 
 Brian Dulik, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Jan 05, 2014 10:21 PM - Updated Sun Jan 05, 2014 10:21 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Pacers maintained the best record in the NBA by edging the short-handed Cavaliers in Cleveland. 
 
 THE LEAD:  All-Star small forward  Paul George  collected 16 points, five rebounds, and six assists in leading the Indiana Pacers (27-6) to an 82-78 win over the Cleveland Cavaliers (11-23). Center  Roy Hibbert  added 15 points and six rebounds for the Pacers, while power forward  David West  had 11 points and seven boards. Swingman  C.J. Miles  scored a game-high 21 points for the Cavaliers, while shooting guard  Dion Waiters  chipped in 14 points and five assists off the bench. Indiana built a 74-58 lead early in the fourth quarter before Cleveland ended the game on a 20-8 run. 
 
 QUOTABLE : "Games like that are never as easy as they should be. We had no style points tonight -- none, zero -- but we did enough on defense to get the win. Fortunately, we built a big enough lead to survive in the end." --  Pacers coach  Frank Vogel 
 
 
 THE STAT : Cavaliers point guards  Kyrie Irving  (left knee contusion) and  Jarrett Jack  (lower back strain) did not play because of injuries, removing 32.1 points and 10.1 assists per game from their rotation. Undrafted Australian rookie  Matthew Dellavedova  started at the point for Cleveland, but only put up 11 points and two assists in a career-high 41 minutes. Defensive pest "Delly" did, however, get under the skin of the Pacers. "He was getting a little chippy," George said. "I think he was doing a little too much out there." 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Cavaliers had three chances to take the lead in the final four minutes, but Waiters squandered them all. The second-year pro dribbled the ball off his thigh and out of bounds with Indiana up 75-74, then missed a 3-pointer and a layup on the same possession with the Pacers ahead 80-78. Hibbert made 1-of-2 free throws to extend Indiana's advantage to 81-78 with 7.9 ticks remaining, but Cleveland small forward  Earl Clark  stepped out of bounds one second later to end the Cavaliers' comeback hopes. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "The next time I get in that position at the end of a game, it'll be a lot different. I had a couple of moves that I could have made, but it is what it is. I was just trying to be aggressive in that moment." --  Cavaliers shooting guard Waiters 
 
 
 HOT:  The Pacers are an NBA-best 27-6 this season, including 11-5 on the road. ... Indiana has won nine straight games over Cleveland and is 21-19 all-time at Quicken Loans Arena. ... Pacers power forward  Luis Scola  grabbed a team-best eight rebounds in 14 minutes off the bench. ... Cavaliers center  Anderson Varejao , who had seven points and a game-high 13 rebounds, is averaging 9.3 points and 14.0 boards since returning to the starting lineup seven games ago. ... Cleveland power forward  Tristan Thompson  notched a double-double with 13 points and 10 boards. 
 
 NOT:  The Cavaliers have failed to score 80 points in three games against Indiana this season, averaging just 76.0. ... Clark went 0-for-6 from the field with two fouls and his costly last-minute turnover. ... Cleveland small forward  Alonzo Gee  missed all five of his field goal attempts in 16 scoreless minutes. ... Pacers shooting guard  Lance Stephenson  and point guard  George Hill  combined for five points and zero assists in the first half. ... Indiana point guard  C.J. Watson  misfired on each of his six field goal attempts. ... The teams went 55-for-156 shooting (35.3 percent). 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "The Cavs play differently at home, so we knew we'd be in for a tough game. They just hung around and hung around all night, but our defense held strong. When it came down to it, we got stops." --  Pacers power forward West 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  With Irving and Jack both sidelined, Waiters was the only healthy member of the Cavaliers capable of creating shots off the dribble, so he had to be aggressive -- for better or worse. In the fourth quarter, Waiters scored 12 points on 5-for-11 shooting and had two nifty assists that led to Varejao dunks. "Dion Waiters and Varejao kind of put their team on their shoulders in the fourth quarter," George said. "They were really good." 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Cavaliers rookie power forward  Anthony Bennett  -- the No. 1 overall pick in the NBA Draft -- was given the opportunity to finish the first quarter and start the second by coach  Mike Brown . Bennett only needed four minutes to commit three fouls and two turnovers without posting a single positive statistic. The Nevada-Las Vegas product is averaging 2.5 points and shooting 27.8 percent from the field through 28 games. 
 
 NOTABLE:  The Cavaliers' three previous home games had gone to overtime -- a first for the 44-year-old franchise. ... Irving has missed three straight contests and likely won't play Tuesday against the 76ers. The 2013 NBA All-Star has not stepped on the practice court since feeling "a pop" in his knee on Dec. 31 at Indiana, but remains listed as day-to-day. ... Jack was a late scratch after warming up with the team and also is considered day-to-day. ... Cleveland center  Andrew Bynum  (indefinitely excused from all team activities) will have his $12 million contract guaranteed on Jan. 7, but will almost certainly be traded or released before that occurs. 
 
 UP NEXT : For the Pacers, Tuesday vs. Toronto, Wednesday @ Atlanta, Friday vs. Washington. For the Cavaliers, Tuesday vs. Philadelphia, Friday @ Utah, Sunday @ Sacramento. 
