Notebook: Grizzlies 105, Knicks 95 
 
 
 Marlon W. Morgan, For NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Nov 17, 2012 1:45 AM - Updated Sat Nov 17, 2012 1:45 AM 
 
 THE FACTS:  It still may not roll off the tongue that easily but the Memphis Grizzlies are owners of the NBA's best record. That's right. After yet another impressive win Friday night, this time over a previously undefeated New York Knicks team, 105-95, the Grizzlies lead the NBA with a 7-1 record and are riding a seven-game winning streak. The Grizzlies did damage with their superior frontline, as center  Marc Gasol  scored a game-high 24 points and forward  Zach Randolph  added 20 with 16 rebounds. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We're trying to make a statement that we can play with anybody on a given night. We have a very deep team and guys play very hard. We just try to play our grit and grind style of basketball and if we're good enough to win, we will."  
 -- Grizzlies point guard  Mike Conley 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Knicks came into the game allowing just 39.3 points in the second half. Because of that, they appeared to be in good shape when they trailed Memphis 54-49 at the half. But the Grizzlies went on a scoring binge in the third quarter, outscoring the Knicks 31-18. They led by as many at 21 in the quarter and went on to score 51 second half points. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Despite being down by 21 in the third, the Knicks battled back and looked as if they were going to pull off a second straight fourth quarter comeback. But after cutting the Grizzlies' lead to 93-85 with 4:42 to go, the Grizzlies got a basket by Randolph, followed by a deep 3-pointer by  Rudy Gay  to push the lead back to 98-85. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We lost by 10, but we gave it a hard effort. We just have to go back to the drawing board. They played a good game. Hats off to the Grizzlies, but I just have to say one thing -- they need to come to the (Madison Square) Garden."  
 --Knicks' forward  Rasheed Wallace 
 
 
 HOT:  Going against the Knicks small-ball lineup, the Grizzlies used their post play to get the Knicks' bigs in foul trouble.  Tyson Chandler, Carmelo Anthony  and Wallace all were in foul trouble in the second half, finishing with five fouls. That allowed Gasol and Randolph to combine on 13-for-21 shooting for 44 points. 
 
 NOT:   A night after knocking down 11 3-pointers that helped the Knicks erase a 12-point fourth quarter deficit to beat San Antonio, 104-100, they made just five 3's against the Grizzlies. The Knicks shot just 26 percent from long range, missing 14 of their 19 attempts. 
 
 NOTABLE:  The win extended the Grizzlies regular season home winning streak to 15 games. Their last regular season loss at FedExForum was on March 16, 2012 against Toronto in overtime. ... The Knicks were off to their best start since the 1993-94 season. ... In the span of six days, the Grizzlies have beaten last year's two NBA finalists in Miami and Oklahoma City, and previously unbeaten New York, all by double digits. Now they travel to Charlotte to take on the 4-3 Bobcats before returning to Memphis for a five-game homestand. ... The Knicks were whistled for four technical fouls, three of them in the second half when the game started falling apart. ... Anthony led the Knicks with 20 points while  Raymond Felton  added 18. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Sunday vs. Indiana, Tuesday @ New Orleans, Wednesday @ Dallas. For the Grizzlies, Saturday @ Charlotte, Monday vs. Denver, Friday vs. L.A. Lakers. 
