Notebook: Grizzlies 105, Pistons 91 
 
 
 Dana Gauruder, For NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Feb 19, 2013 11:28 PM - Updated Tue Feb 19, 2013 11:28 PM 
 
 THE FACTS :  Mike Conley  scored 19 points as the Memphis Grizzlies stretched their winning streak to four games by overpowering the Detroit Pistons 105-91 at The Palace on Tuesday.  Zach Randolph  had 15 points and 10 rebounds, while  Ed Davis  added 14 points for Memphis (34-18), which erased an early 11-point deficit. Former Pistons forward  Tayshaun Prince  was held to four points and three rebounds in his return at The Palace. The Grizzlies shot 56.3 percent from the field and forced 17 turnovers.  Jonas Jerebko  and  Brandon Knight  had 13 points apiece for the Pistons (21-34), who had won three of their last four prior to the All-Star break. 
 
 QUOTABLE : "I had put closure to it after the first game, when I realized 'Man, I'm in another uniform.' After I got more comfortable in the second and third game, that was closure to me. These guys, what they did for me and my family, I don't hold any grudges whatsoever. It was a great time. You never want to end on a bad note. Nobody wants to do that. It was definitely unfortunate but I love all those guys. I have great relationships with everybody. It's a situation where it was time for me to start a new chapter." 
 -- Tayshaun Prince on the Jan. 30 trade that sent him to Memphis after more than a decade with Detroit 
 
 THE STAT : 62. Detroit coach  Lawrence Frank  said before the game that an emphasis for the rest of the season was improving on its interior defense. The Pistons ranked No. 28 in points in the paint allowed prior to the All-Star break and were just as porous Tuesday, giving up 62 points in the lane. Turnovers were part of the reason, as the Grizzlies turned 17 Detroit giveaways into 26 points.  
 
 TURNING POINT : Memphis trailed most of the first half but the game took a dramatic shift during the final eight minutes of the first half. The Grizzlies finished it on a 23-3 run to take a 53-42 halftime lead. Memphis' bench sparked it, scoring 13 of those points, including eight by  Quincy Pondexter . The Pistons shot 1-for-9 from the field and committed seven turnovers during that stretch.  
 
 QUOTABLE II : "Coming into the game, we knew we would have to make the right decisions and make crisp passes. In the first quarter, we were making the right plays and making sure they didn't get out on the break and make easy buckets. We lost that focus in the second quarter." 
 -- Pistons center  Greg Monroe  on the first-half turnaround 
 
 HOT : Conley shot 8-for-11 from the field and is averaging 19 points over the last three games. He would have likely surpasses his season high of 23 points if he had played during the fourth quarter.  
 
 NOT : Monroe saw his streak of eight straight double-doubles snapped as he managed just nine points and six rebounds.  Marc Gasol  was primarily responsible for holding Monroe to a 4-for-9 shooting night. The last Piston with a longer double-double streak was  Grant Hill , who had 10 straight in March 1996. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH : The Detroit quartet of  Kyle Singler, Slava Kravtsov, Khris Middleton  and  Kim English  combined for 27 points. 
 
 NOTABLE : Memphis has won 48 of its last 69 regular-season games. ... The Grizzlies are 17-0 when reaching the 100-point mark. ... The Grizzlies had 49 bench points and Davis also had four blocks. ... The Pistons were outrebounded 44-29. ... The officials handed out three technicals during the second quarter. ... Pistons forward  Charlie Villanueva  missed all five of his 3-point attempts. 
 
 UP NEXT : For the Grizzlies, Wednesday @ Toronto, Friday vs. Orlando, Sunday @ Brooklyn. For the Pistons, Wednesday @ Charlotte, Friday @ Indiana, Saturday vs. .Indiana . 
