  Notebook: Lakers 103, Nuggets 97 Posted Saturday April 14, 2012 2:08AM Dan Arritt, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Playing their fourth consecutive game without the NBA's leading scorer,  Kobe Bryant , who is sidelined with a bruised shin, the Lakers didn't skip a beat Friday night. They took advantage of 30 points from  Andrew Bynum  and a season-high 24 points and 10 rebounds off the bench from  Matt Barnes  in the 103-97 victory at Staples Center. THE STAT:  The Lakers were not only without Bryant, but coach  Mike Brown  left shortly before tip off due to a family emergency. They improved to 3-1 without their leading scorer in the lineup. QUOTE:  "Mike has instituted a system, a system he knows can be executed with him there, or without him there. He has a staff that believes in everything that he does. Now, we've added a fifth assistant with Kobe."   -- Lakers assistant coach  John Kuester TURNING POINT:  The Lakers led by 12 points with 9:25 remaining after  Pau Gasol  sank a 20-footer, but the Nuggets answered with a 15-4 run to pull within a point, 91-90, with 3:36 remaining. After getting a stop on the defensive end, Barnes hit a 3-pointer with 2:42 left and the Nuggets missed their next six field-goal attempts and a free throw following a technical foul on Barnes. That allowed the Lakers to stretch their lead back to nine with under a minute remaining. HOT:  Bynum came into this season with just one 30-point game in his career, but he posted No. 6 this season after shooting 11-for-19 from the field and 8-for-11 from the free-throw line. When he keeps his temper under control and avoids costly technical fouls, he's proven to be the best offensive center in the game. Barnes, by the way, was even hotter, shooting 9-for-11 from the field, including 4-for-4 on 3-pointers for his best game in a Lakers uniform. NOT:  Denver point guard  Ty Lawson  continues to be one of the streakiest players in the league. A week after scoring a season-low two points in a six-point win against Phoenix, he was held to single digits for the second time this month, shooting 4-for-14 and scoring nine points. The only Denver starter to score in double figures was  Arron Afflalo , who finished with 18. GOOD MOVE:  If these were the playoffs, Bryant would likely be playing. But with a playoff spot locked up following the victory, the Kings can afford to be more patient with their franchise player and get him healthy and rested for the postseason. Don't be surprised if he sits for a few more games. BAD MOVE:  Denver coach  George Karl  might want to rethink his starting lineup. Three of the top four scorers came off the bench.  Andre Miller  had a team-high 20 points,  Al Harrington  scored 18 on a bad knee and center  JaVale McGee  had 14 points and a team-high 10 rebounds. QUOTE II:  "As disappointed as I was after the Minnesota game, I'm proud of how we played tonight."   -- Karl NOTABLE:  The Lakers extended their lead in the Pacific Division to 1.5 games with six games remaining in the regular season ... The Lakers committed 23 turnovers, leading to 23 points by the Nuggets ... Bryant was no longer wearing a protective boot to protect his bruised shin ... The Lakers have missed the playoffs just twice in 33 years under owner  Jerry Buss . UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Saturday vs. Dallas, Tuesday vs. San Antonio, Wednesday @ Golden State. For the Nuggets, Sunday vs. Houston, Monday @ Houston, Wednesday vs. L.A. Clippers.  