  Notebook: Raptors 84, Celtics 79  Posted Friday April 13, 2012 11:12PM By Josh Lewenberg, for NBA.com THE FACTS:   DeMar DeRozan  and the depleted Toronto Raptors (21-39) held off a late surge from the Boston Celtics (34-25) to pick up an unexpected 84-79 victory at the Air Canada Centre Friday night. DeRozan led all scorers with 22 points for the Raptors, who snapped a four-game losing skid and put an end to Boston's four-game winning streak. Having already been eliminated from the postseason the Raptors played like a team with nothing to lose, while the Celtics are in need of every win they can get as they jockey for playoff position. The Raptors were without leading scorer  Andrea Bargnani , who will miss the remainder of the season resting a strained left calf, and starting point guard  Jose Calderon , who sat out with a swollen right eye. Although they shot just 34 percent, they took control of the game during a big third-quarter run.  Linas Kleiza  played through a sore right knee to score 17 points and grab 12 rebounds off the bench,  Alan Anderson  has 12 points and  Amir Johnson  added 10 points to go along with nine boards for Toronto. Boston pulled within one points in the final minute of the game but ultimately fell short in the dying moments.  Paul Pierce  led the Celtics with 18 points and eight rebounds, while  Kevin Garnett  had a double-double of 13 points and 10 boards. Although  Rajon Rondo  scored just eight, he extended his streak of double-digit assists to 20 games with 12 dimes, seven of which came in the first quarter. QUOTABLE:  "We had  Alan Anderson  and  Ben Uzoh  and I didn't sleep at all last night just worrying about getting the ball across half court. They did an excellent job of coming in offensively and defensively and taking it to a team that has been one of the hottest since the All-Star break."   -- Raptors coach  Dwane Casey THE STAT:  The Celtics entered the evening 27th in the league in rebounding, averaging 38.9 per game and once again their lack of toughness on the boards was part of their undoing. Toronto outrebounded them 50-37 in the game and held a 15-9 advantage in second-chance points. TURNING POINT:  Despite scoring just 30 points going into halftime, their lowest scoring first half of the season, Toronto trailed by six points as the third quarter began. The Raptors caught Boston off guard in the third, shooting 53 percent and outscoring the Celtics 27-11 in the quarter. Although Boston engineered a run in the final minutes of the game, they could never recover from their poor performance in the third quarter. HOT:  After shooting just 1-for-8 and scoring five points in the first half, DeRozan led Toronto's third-quarter run. He had 13 points and shot six of his 13 free throws in the period. NOT:  The Celtics shot just 37 percent as a team thanks in large part to their struggling stars. Pierce, Garnett and Rondo combined to shoot 14-for-38 from the field. GOOD MOVE:  With just 26 seconds left, up by only one point, DeRozan left nothing to chance, taking the ball hard to the rim and drawing the foul. The Raptors guard would extend the lead at the line, where he was a perfect 13-of-13 in the game. NOTABLE:  Celtics guard  Ray Allen , who did not travel to Toronto, missed his second consecutive game nursing a sore right ankle that kept him out for six games last month. ...  Avery Bradley  made his 11th start in the last 12 games in place of Allen and scored 15 points for Boston. ... Prior to the game the Raptors announced that Bargnani would miss the rest of the season as a precaution to eliminate any further risk on the calf injury that has sidelined him for 29 games in 2011-12. Toronto is 8-21 without their leading scorer. ... Calderon missed his second game this month with swelling around his right eye, where he received two sets of stitches. The team is hopeful that he could return in Atlanta on Sunday. ... Rondo's streak of 20 straight games with double-digits in assists is the longest since  John Stockton's  29-game run in 1992. Rondo becomes the third player to post double-digit assists in 20 consecutive games since 1986, joining Stockton and  Magic Johnson . ... The Raptors have split the four-game season-series with Boston. ... The last time the Raptors won or split the season-series with the Celtics was 2006-07. UP NEXT:  The Celtics continue their stretch of three games in three nights Saturday @ New Jersey and Sunday @ Charlotte before playing @ New York on Tuesday. The Raptors play @ Atlanta Sunday, return home vs. Atlanta Monday and are @ Miami Wednesday.  