  Notebook: Heat 88, Pistons 73 Posted Friday March 23, 2012 11:07PM By Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com THE FACTS: Dwyane Wade  had 24 points, nine rebounds and five assists as the Miami Heat stretched their winning streak to four games with a 88-73 triumph over the Detroit Pistons at The Palace Friday night.  LeBron James  contributed 17 points, 10 assists and six rebounds as the Heat defeated the Pistons for the 11th time in the last 12 meetings. Rookie  Brandon Knight  led Detroit, which lost its fourth straight, with 18 points. QUOTABLE:  "Unfortunately, what you remember is you didn't play well for 48 minutes. We've struggled with that since the All-Star break, putting together four solid quarters of basketball. Time's running out here and we need to start building and putting together some complete games."   -- Heat forward  Shane Battier  on allowing the Pistons to cut a 26-point deficit to nine in the fourth quarter THE STAT:  17. James increased his personal winning streak over the Pistons to 17 games, including the postseason. It started with the last three regular-season meetings between Detroit and Cleveland in 2008-09, followed by a four-game Cavaliers' sweep in the opening round of the Eastern Conference playoffs. Cleveland swept all four regular-season meetings in James' last season there. Miami then went 4-0 against Detroit last season after James joined forces with Wade. The Heat won the first of three meetings this season against the Pistons with a 101-98 victory at The Palace Jan. 25. TURNING POINT:  Miami's second unit allowed the Heat to take control in the second quarter. Battier had nine points and four rebounds as Miami outscored Detroit 32-16. The Heat also got baskets from three other reserves, while Wade scored 10 points and James dished out four assists. QUOTABLE II:  "It looked like everyone else in the league was in the lockout and they weren't."   -- Pistons forward  Damien Wilkins  on the Heat, who are now 35-11 HOT:  Wade bounced back from a 12-point performance against Phoenix by shooting 10-for-19 from the field. He had six of his baskets on layups or dunks, mostly in transition as the Heat forced 23 turnovers and turned them into 27 points. NOT:  Pistons guard  Ben Gordon , coming off a 45-point outburst at Denver Wednesday, had 10 points and seven turnovers. He missed all four of his 3-point attempts after tying the NBA record that he already shared with  Latrell Sprewell  by going 9-for-9 on 3-point attempts against the Nuggets. GOOD MOVE:  Heat coach  Erik Spoelstra  didn't waste any time using newcomer  Ronny Turiaf , whom Miami signed as a free agent this week. Turiaf, who was cut by Denver, gave Miami 11 solid minutes backing up center  Joel Anthony , contributing four points and four rebounds. Spoelstra also credited Turiaf for his defensive energy. BAD MOVE:  The Pistons didn't establish leading scorer  Greg Monroe  in the early going and he disappeared. Monroe only had five points and six rebounds, along with three turnovers, and sat the bench most of the second half as  Ben Wallace  provided a defensive presence during the team's belated comeback. ROOKIE WATCH:  Knight set the franchise record for most 3-pointers in a season by going for 4-for-4 from long range. He now has 73, four more than previous record-holder  Lindsey Hunter  (1993-94). Knight has made more 3-pointers than any rookie this season. NOTABLE:  Anthony returned from a one-game absence because of a sprained ankle and had six points and five rebounds. ...  Chris Bosh  added 15 points and nine rebounds. ... Detroit guard  Rodney Stuckey  missed his second consecutive game with an injured left big toe. ... Miami had a 46-26 advantage in points in the paint. ...  Spoelstra said the organization supports the players' decision to pay tribute to slain teenager  Treyvon Martin . James tweeted a photo of Miami players in hoodies, which the unarmed Martin was wearing when he was shot in Florida last month. "It was a powerful statement today," Spoelstra said. "For them to come together to shed more light on the subject is a powerful move and we all stand behind them, not only as a staff but the entire Miami Heat organization." UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Sunday @ Oklahoma City, Monday @ Indiana, Thursday vs. Dallas. For the Pistons, Saturday @ New York, Tuesday @ Washington, Wednesday @ Cleveland.  