  Hawks-Thunder notebook   By Matt Winkeljohn, for NBA.com Posted Friday March 4, 2011 11:05PM THE FACTS: Kevin Durant  scored 29 points after being listed as "doubtful" with a sprained ankle,  Russell Westbrook  added 28 and when  James Harden  hit two free throws with 7:27 left in the second quarter Friday, the Thunder took a 39-38 lead that they never relinquished on the way to their fourth straight win over the Hawks, 111-104 in Atlanta. With forward  Josh Smith  missing his second straight game (sprained knee) and  Al Horford  (15 points) made a focal point of Oklahoma City's defense, Atlanta was outscored 54-44 in the paint although the Thunder did much of their damage by driving. Joe Johnson  led the Hawks with 24 points and newcomer  Kirk Hinrich  added 21, but after Atlanta cut OKC's lead to 102-100 on  Marvin Williams ' stickback with 1:27 left in the game, Westbrook nailed his only 3-pointer and Atlanta missed four straight shots. QUOTABLE:  "Mind over matter. The game is mental so if you think about being injured, you're going to go out there and play like you're injured. My adrenaline was pumping a little bit, my teammates got me going. They bring out the best in us."   --Durant, on playing despite spraining his ankle in Wednesday's win over Indiana and then making 10 of 18 shots, including four of five from distance. THE STATS:  The Thunder are 16-6 against teams from the Eastern Conference, and they bumped up their league-leading free throw percentage to 82.8 by making 20 of 21. Westbrook had the only miss (in six tries). TURNING POINT:  How about a turning person in the form of Westbrook in a matchup nightmare for the Hawks? When Atlanta acquired Hinrich in a trade that sent former point guard  Mike Bibby  to the Wizards (for all of two games), one of the ideas was to improve defensively at the position. Over the first four games, Atlanta surrendered an average of 85.5 points on 41.4 percent field goal shooting allowed although Hinrich missed one of those games with a sore calf. Hinrich and his teammates had no answer Friday, however, for Westbrook. He made half his 10 shots in the first half for 11 points, but more importantly worked his way into spots where he could continue the offense with eight first-half assists. His trey with 1:12 left was the back breaker. QUOTABLE II:  "Russell made a big 3. The only thing I would say about that is we didn't contest it. The disappointing things is the physicality [the Thunder] played with ... we didn't match it. We didn't get after loose balls. We didn't get on the floor."   --Atlanta coach  Larry Drew , whose team has lost two of three games . HOT:  Durant scored 12 of his 29 points in the first quarter. He made 5-of-8 shots, including one of two 3-point attempts, as OKC made 13-of-22 shots (59.1 percent) in the period. ... Harden scored 13 of his 17 in the second quarter, making 5-of-7 shots as the Thunder continued stroking by making 10-of-18 shots in the period on the way to a 56-51 halftime lead. Harden's skill set had something to do with OKC's willingness to trade  Jeff Green  to Boston, prompting Thunder coach  Scott Brooks  to say, "He's attacking the basket. When James plays aggressive and quick, he's a handful. He wasn't dribbling the ball too many times. He was attacking with a limited number of dribbles." NOT:  After making 5-of-13 shots, Atlanta's Crawford has made 23-of-61 shots (37.7 percent) over his past five games. . . . Joe Johnson missed all five of his 3-pointers, and has made just 4-of-24 over the past seven games (16.7 percent). . . . FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Looking for points? Harden is averaging 11 points per game, and Friday was his seventh straight game scoring more than that averaging 16.3 points in that span. ROOKIE WATCH:  OKC's  Cole Aldrich  scored a basket and grabbed a rebound in 1:42 of action. NOTABLE:  Atlanta's Josh Smith hopes to play Sunday against the Knicks, but team officials aren't saying that's a lock and it does not seem likely. ... Thunder reserve guard  Nate Robinson , recently acquired from Boston in the trade that sent Jeff Green east, is expected to miss four to six weeks after undergoing arthroscopic surgery to address issues that have been nagging him for weeks. UP   NEXT:  For the Thunder, Sunday vs. Suns, Monday @ Grizzlies, Wednesday @ 76ers. For the Hawks, Sunday vs. Knicks, Tuesday vs. Lakers, Friday @ Bulls.  