  Notebook: Wizards 93, Magic 85 Posted Tuesday April 10, 2012 11:52PM By Ben Standig, for NBA.com     THE FACTS: Kevin Seraphin  established career-highs with 24 points and 13 rebounds as the Washington Wizards pulled away from the  Dwight Howard -less Orlando Magic late in the fourth quarter for a 93-85 victory Tuesday night. Seraphin started knocking down interior shots early, scoring 14 points in the first half, but the Magic's early accuracy from distance had the visitors up 13 points in the first quarter. The Wizards (14-24) rallied behind Seraphin and  John Wall  during an 11-0 run late in the second quarter and the teams entered the halftime locker room tied at 41. After  Jameer Nelson 's 3-pointer pulled the Magic tight at 80-77 with 4:35 remaining, the young Wizards put the game away with a 9-4 run, capped by  Jordan Crawford 's corner bomb from beyond the arc. Crawford finished with 21 points and Wall added 15 for the Wizards, who snapped a nine-game losing streak against the Magic and won for the first in four attempts against Orlando this season. After winning by a season-high 30 points on Monday night without Howard, the playoff-contending Magic (34-24) lost their third game in four tries this month without their center in the lineup. Nelson finished with 19 points and  J.J. Redick  scored 15 points for the Magic, who shot a combined 36.6 percent from the field. Currently the sixth seed in the Eastern Conference, Orlando sits 1/2-game behind the idle Atlanta Hawks. QUOTABLE:  "So you've got a night where you don't have to play against the best center in the league. I would think it helped [Seraphin] a lot."   -- Magic coach  Stan Van Gundy THE STAT:  Playing his seventh straight game at center in place of  Nene  (plantar fasciitis), Seraphin shot 11-for-16 in addition to playing a career-high 40 minutes and matching his personal best with four blocks. During this recent span, the second-year center is averaging 16.3 points and 7.8 rebounds while shooting 54.7 percent (52-for-96) from the field. TURNING POINT:  Orlando was 5-for-11 from beyond the arc, led 29-16 late in the first quarter and kept Washington at bay until late in the second quarter. Down 39-30 with 4:21 left before halftime,  Chris Singleton 's layup started an 11-0 run, which included consecutive baskets by Seraphin and the final five points from Wall. QUOTABLE II:  "They get it going early usually they keep it going. We did a great job of contesting throughout the whole game ... We just kept fighting, Kevin had a big game for us and a lot of our role guys came in and played big minutes."   -- Wall HOT:  In the second half, Crawford led the Wizards with 17 points on 8-for-13 shooting. NOT:  In his second game back after missing three with a sprained right ankle,  Ryan Anderson  missed six of seven shots from beyond the arc, He finished 2-for-10 overall and scored seven points. GOOD MOVE:  Singleton and  Cartier Martin , both working on 10-day contracts, made key contributions while playing the entire fourth quarter. They each scored 12 points and shot a combined 10-of-17 from the field. QUOTABLE III:  "We might have to go to all 10-day contracts next year. Some of the guys might not like it. [Singleton and Martin have] been great, they've been huge for us"   -- Wizards coach  Randy Wittman NOTABLE:  In addition to Nene, the Wizards played without starting forward  Trevor Booker  for the seventh straight game, also due to plantar fasciitis in his left foot. Regardless, the Wizards won their second straight game. QUOTABLE IV:  "[Howard's] getting better so we're not concerned. We have a stretch here with two days off after this ... so we have a chance to make it five days off and [give] it a chance to get [his back] to 100 percent."   -- Van Gundy UP NEXT:  For the Magic, Friday vs. Atlanta, Sunday @ Cleveland, Monday vs. Philadelphia. For the Wizards, Friday @ New York, Saturday vs. Cleveland, Monday @ Dallas.  