
 Warriors-Nets notebook   By Jake Appleman, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday March 9, 2011 10:35PM THE FACTS:  With  Deron Williams  home tending to his newborn son,  Brook Lopez  (26 points, 10 rebounds) spurred the Nets to a 94-90 comeback victory over the Warriors. The triumph marks the Nets' first three-game winning streak since February of 2009 and completes a 2-5 road trip for the Warriors.  David Lee  (17 points, 10 rebounds) was Golden State's leading scorer and its most efficient player. QUOTABLE:  "It's fantastic, especially against a team like that."    -- Brook Lopez on the Nets holding the Warriors to 13 fourth-quarter points THE STAT:   Stephen Curry  and  Monta Ellis  combined to shoot 13-for-37 from the floor. Nets coach  Avery Johnson  praised reserve  Sundiata Gaines  and the team's big men for their defense on Ellis. TURNING POINT:  Lopez emerged from what looked like a rugby scrum to bank in a layup to bring the Nets within 90-89. This bucket kicked off Lopez's personal 7-0 run to end the game, with a number of clutch stops from the Nets also in the mix. QUOTABLE II:  "We didn't play smart basketball down the stretch. We had the game in our hands to close it out, but we didn't play smart."    -- Warriors coach  Keith Smart  on the loss FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Both  Sasha Vujacic  (16 points) and  Anthony Morrow  (22 points) shot the ball at a solid clip and put up numbers for the undermanned Nets. With Williams out again on Friday, expect both guys to try and pick up the slack by firing away. INSIDE THE ARENA:   Justin Tuck  of the New York Giants and  Kim Kardashian  sat courtside...Pro wrestler  Mick Foley  was shown on the Jumbotron...UFC fighter  Ricardo Almeida  threw T-shirts to the crowd before the fourth quarter. ROOKIE WATCH:  In a battle of guys with similarly spelled last names  Epke Udoh  (six points, five rebounds) made more of an impact than  Ben Uzoh  (0 points, two rebounds). NOTABLE:   Kris Humphries  (11 points, 15 rebounds) snared seven boards in the first quarter...The Nets drained all five of their first quarter 3-point attempts, but finished just 6-for-18 for the game...The officials called a very loose game...Curry started the second half on the bench...The win snapped a seven-game losing streak the Nets had against the Warriors dating back to December of 2007...Gaines finished the game plus-21. UP NEXT:  For the Warriors, Friday vs. Orlando, Sunday vs. Minnesota, Monday @ Sacramento. For the Nets, Friday vs. L.A. Clippers, Monday vs. Boston, next Thursday 3/17, vs. Chicago. 
