  Nets-Knicks notebook   By Mike Vorkunov, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday March 30, 2011 11:17PM THE FACTS:  Thanks a second straight 39-point night from  Carmelo Anthony , the New York Knicks defeated the New Jersey Nets 120-116 at Madison Square Garden. The Knicks attained their second straight win as Anthony went off for 20 points in the third quarter, helping erase a 10-point halftime deficit.  Chauncey Billups  scored 33 points.  Anthony Morrow  led the Nets with 30 points, who lost despite the return of  Deron Williams . QUOTABLE:  "If I'm one of the Big Three, it is. The other guys would like to participate."   -- Knicks coach  Mike D'Antoni  laughing, when asked if Anthony, Billups and  Amar'e Stoudemire  combining for 95 points is a good thing. THE STAT:  Out of the Knicks' 120 points, 95 were scored by Anthony, Billups and Stoudemire. That's a whopping 79 percent of the team's scoring output. Of the Knicks' 33 third-quarter points, those three players scored 31 of them. TURNING POINT:  Anthony started the third quarter off with a deep 3-pointer to narrow a 10-point halftime deficit. It was only the beginning. Anthony went on to score 20 points in the quarter as the Knicks went into the fourth down just 92-91 and having swung the momentum of the game. He wouldn't score again until hitting the game-winning shot late in the fourth quarter. HOT:  Anthony is on fire lately. He scored 39 points for the second straight game, both wins, and took over again the third quarter. He has now scored at least 30 points in three straight games and is averaging 32.6 points per game over the last five games. Additionally, both of the last two games have also been double-doubles for Anthony as he grabbed 10 rebounds each game. NOT:  Although he scored 23 points on 10-of-15 shooting, Stoudemire grabbed just one rebound in 31 minutes. He is averaging 6.4 rebounds over his last five games. NOTABLE:  Williams returned for the Nets, who had gone 1-5 in his absence. He played without much sign of rust. Williams scored 22 points, dished out eight assists and grabbed eight rebounds. But his night had a sour spot because he missed a shot in the game's final seconds that would have tied the game. UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Sunday vs. Cleveland, Tuesday vs. Toronto, Wednesday @ Philadelphia. For the Nets, Friday @ Philadelphia, Sunday vs. Miami, Tuesday vs. Minnesota.  