  Sixers-Magic notebook   By Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com Posted Saturday December 18, 2010 11:27PM THE FACTS:   Lou Williams  scored 12 of his 24 points in the fourth quarter, leading the Philadelphia 76ers to a 97-89 victory over the Orlando Magic on the same day the Magic made two major trades. It was the first victory in Orlando since Nov. 6, 2006, for the 76ers, who were opening an eight-game road trip. They had lost eight straight to the Magic.  Andre Iguodala  scored 21 points for the 76ers and  Elton Brand  added 20 to offset  Dwight Howard 's 26 points and 20 rebounds for Orlando. QUOTABLE:  "The key down the stretch was limiting their 3-point opportunities. We were up so much so the twos didn't hurt us as much. We guarded that 3-point line as well as we have all season."   -- Elton Brand (the Magic made a season-low three 3-pointers in 15 attempts) THE STAT:  Williams, who played 30 minutes off the bench, outscored Orlando's depleted bench by himself, 24-13. TURNING POINT:  The 76ers led by only five points when  Marreese Speights  converted a three-point play with 10:15 left, launching a 7-0 run that put Philadelphia's lead into double figures until the final seconds. QUOTABLE II:  "It was very emotional when you wake and see guys that you called brothers are gone. We all understand it's a business but it hurts to see guys like  Rashard (Lewis  traded) . . . we were close and I hated to see him leave the team."   -- Dwight Howard GOOD MOVE:  After picking up two early fouls, 7-foot, 245-pound center  Spencer Hawes  was kept on the bench until the second half because the 76ers needed him to neutralize Howard late in the game. BAD MOVE:  The long-term consequence of Orlando's trades are not known, but they left the Magic with only eight players Saturday night. And then  Jason Williams  left the game early with a sore left foot. QUOTABLE III:  "It's not new guys, old guys; we're not two teams, we are one team. Everybody is going to have to start playing."   -- Coach  Stan Van Gundy , when asked whether newly acquired  Gilbert Arenas ,  Jason Richardson ,  Hedo Turkoglu  and  Earl Clark  will be able to spark the Magic defensively. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  The trade left  Brandon Bass  as the Magic's undisputed starter at power forward. The 6-foot-8 Bass had 20 points and eight rebounds in his fourth start. ROOKIE WATCH:  After not playing (for the first time all season) against the Lakers on Friday night, the 76ers'  Evan Turner  played nine minutes, making 1-of-5 shots and grabbing three rebounds. NOTABLE:  The 76ers have won 8 of 11 after a 3-13 start . . . The Magic have lost six of their last seven games, and next week's opponents are against Atlanta, Dallas, San Antonio and Boston . . . It was the 27th 20/20 game of Howard's career but his first in more than a year. UP NEXT:  For the 76ers, Tuesday @ Chicago, Wednesday @ Boston, Sunday @ Denver. For the Magic, Monday @ Atlanta, Tuesday vs. Dallas, Thursday vs. San Antonio.  