
 Rockets-Warriors notebook   By Geoff Lepper, for NBA.com Posted Thursday October 28, 2010 2:15AM THE FACTS:  Golden State guard  Monta Ellis  poured home a career high-tying 46 points to power the Warriors past the Houston Rockets 132-128 Wednesday night.  Stephen Curry  added 25 points and 11 assists as Golden State won its opener. Houston fell to 0-2 on the season despite 36 points from  Luis Scola  and 28 from  Kevin Martin . QUOTABLE:  "I've got to tell you, this young man has made a complete turnaround in his life, and once your life is in order, things start to work perfectly for you. His relationship (with new wife Juanika) and his life is in great order. ... I can't say how glad I am to be coaching this guy at this particular point in his career." -- Warriors coach  Keith Smart , on Ellis THE STAT:  Ellis' 46 points is the third-highest Opening Night point total in Warriors franchise history, trailing only  Wilt Chamberlain , who had 56 against Detroit in 1962 and 48 against the Lakers in 1961. TURNING POINT:  Warriors newcomer  David Lee  had 15 rebounds and six assists as he tried mostly to keep feeding Ellis and Curry. But he also provided 17 points, none more critical than his two-handed tip-in of an offensive rebound while leaping over  Chuck Hayes  with 4:17 remaining. Lee hit the ensuing free throw to stretch a five-point Warriors lead out to eight. Ellis knocked down a jumper on the following possession to make it double digits, and Houston never could make it a one-possession game after that. QUOTABLE II:  "It's a relief. We've been going through preseason and training camp, everything for this moment right here. To get the first win, to start the season off the right direction, it says a lot." -- Monta Ellis, on winning a season opener for the first time since he was a rookie HOT:  Ellis went 18-for-24 to get his 46 points, curling time and again into the same 15-foot, mid-range jumper that was his hallmark during the 2007-08 season, when he averaged 20.2 points on 53.1 percent shooting. NOT:  The Rockets shot 57.1 percent through the first half, but were held to just 29.4 in the third quarter, including a 1-for-5 from both Martin and  Aaron Brooks , who finished with just 13 points. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Anyone who had concerns that the numbers for Golden State's stars would dip now that coach  Don Nelson  and his helter skelter style are on Maui sipping mai tais had to be pleased to see the Warriors continuing his tradition of offensive-minded shootouts. Golden State's big three of Ellis, Curry and Lee combined for 88 points on the evening, leading Houston coach  Rick Adelman  to dryly note, "We have to figure out a way to shore that up." INSIDE THE ARENA:  Maybe the biggest ovation of the evening belonged not to the Warriors, but to the score updates from the San Francisco Giants' 11-7 victory over the Texas Rangers in Game 1 of the World Series, taking place just across San Francisco Bay. NOTABLE:  Ellis was the first Warrior to crack the 40-point barrier on Opening Night since  Latrell Sprewell  hung 45 on Minnesota to open the 1997-98 campaign. ... It was Golden State's first win in a season opener since 2005. ... Houston's Hayes, starting in place of  Yao Ming  (held out on the second half of a back-to-back), also tied his career high in points, but he only needed 16 to match that mark. ... The Rockets' 52 free throw attempts were the most in regulation by a Houston team since it also took 52 on Nov. 25, 1987 against Phoenix. UP NEXT:  For the Rockets, Saturday vs. Denver, Wednesday vs. New Orleans, Nov. 6 @ San Antonio. For the Warriors, Friday vs. L.A. Clippers, Sunday @ L.A. Lakers, Wednesday vs. Memphis 
