  Rockets-Raptors notebook   By Matt Miller, for NBA.com Posted Friday December 31, 2010 10:22PM THE FACTS:  With a little help from their bench, the Houston Rockets shook off a rocky start and defeated the short-handed Toronto Raptors 114-105 before an announced sellout crowd of 18,121 Friday at Toyota Center. Reserve guard  Chase Budinger  led Houston (16-16) with a season-high 22 points, five rebounds and four assists, while  Kevin Martin  poured in 20. The Rockets have won six of their last seven games overall and nine of 10 at home. DeMar Derozan  scored a career-high 37 points on 12-for-21 shooting to pace Toronto (11-21), which has dropped four of its last five decisions. QUOTABLE II:  "We won this game because of our bench. If it wasn't for our bench tonight, it would've been a long night for us."   -- Kevin Martin THE STAT:  Houston's reserves, which shot 26-for-47 overall (55.3 percent), outscored and outrebounded Toronto's bench 65-23 and 28-11, respectively. TURNING POINT:  The Raptors abused the Rockets in the paint and on the boards in the first quarter, but Houston turned the tables in the second by aggressively crashing the boards and limiting Toronto to only two fast-break points. The Rockets' offense also woke up in the second period as Houston recovered from a 6-for-19 (31.6 percent) start to finish the first half 24-for-47 (51.1 percent). QUOTABLE:  "With eight healthy bodies, we needed more guys to play better.We struggled with finishing inside or it might have been a different game."   -- Raptors coach  Jay Triano  on why his injury-riddled team could not build on its hot start to Friday's game HOT:  Houston's bench keyed the Rockets' comeback from an early 14-point deficit, scoring 35 points on 15-for-23 shooting (57.7 percent) and pulling down 13 rebounds in the first half. NOT:  After connecting on three of his first five shots, Toronto's  Linas Kleiza  missed four of his last 16 attempts to finish the game 7-for-21 from the field (33.3 percent). FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Raptors guard  Jose Calderon  looked rusty in his return from a sore left foot, shooting just 4-for-10. But fantasy owners need not worry. Calderon made up for his poor shooting by distributing a game-high 11 assists to go with seven rebounds and two steals. GOOD MOVE:  After Derozan picked up his second foul 66 seconds into the game, Triano elected to send  Leandro Barbosa  into the game. The move worked well for Toronto as Barbosa finished the first quarter with 10 points on 5-for-6 shooting. ROOKIE WATCH:  With Rockets center  Chuck Hayes  sidelined with a sprained left ankle, rookie  Patrick Patterson  took advantage of his increased playing time. He delivered the best performance of his young career Friday, scoring 15 points and grabbing 10 rebounds (four offensive) while flashing the athleticism and tenacity that drew Houston's interest in the 2010 NBA Draft. QUOTABLE III:  "The coaches just kept saying, 'rebound, rebound. Keep doing as much as you can. Provide a lot of energy.'"   -- Patterson on what the coaching staff is asking him to do during Hayes' absence. NOTABLE:  Hayes missed Friday's game with a severe left ankle sprain and will be out for two to four weeks before resuming workouts. ... Houston outscored the Raptors 42-21 in the second quarter, marking the most points the Rockets have scored and the second-most Toronto has allowed in one quarter this season. ... The Raptors have made at least one 3-pointer in an NBA-record 973 consecutive games. ... Houston has won four straight at home over Toronto. ... The Raptors fell to 1-6 on the road against the Western Conference. ... Martin has scored 20 or more in a season-best eight consecutive games. ... The Rockets have scored 60 points in a half 15 times this season. UP NEXT:  For the Raptors, Sunday vs. Boston, Tuesday @ Chicago, Wednesday @ Cleveland. For the Rockets, Sunday @ Portland (NBA TV), Monday @ Denver, Wednesday vs. Portland.  