  Notebook: Celtics 104, Blazers 86 Posted Saturday March 10, 2012 12:13AM By Brendan Jackson, for NBA.com THE FACTS: The Portland Trail Blazers could not get out of TD Gardenfast enough as they fell to the Boston Celtics 104-86. The Celticsand Trail Blazers battled for the better part of the first quarter before the Celtics ended the quarter on a 17-7 run. That was only the beginning however as the Celtics continued to outscore the Trail Blazers 46-13, a run that spanned from 1:40 in the first quarter until 11:13 to go in the third. Portland failed to play up to the C's level of intensity and execution and watched as the Boston lead grew to an astounding 43 points at one point in the third quarter. Paul Pierce had a team-high 22 points for the C's. The lone bright spot for the Trail Blazers was their lone All Star,  LaMarcus Aldridge , who finished the game with 22 points and 4 rebounds. QUOTABLE:  "That's unprofessional approach. There was no basketball played out there tonight."    -- Blazers coach  Nate McMillan THE STAT:  Portland had 17 turnovers over the opening 24 minutes, and finished with a season-high 28 turnovers, the highest number for any team in an NBA game this season. TURNING POINT:  The Trail Blazers played an incredibly sloppy second quarter as they turned the ball over eight times made only 4-of-16 field goal attempts. The Celtics, meanwhile, capitalized on Portland's poor effort by scoring nine fast break points and notching 10 assists in the quarter. QUOTABLE II:  "I just thought we played extremely well, and they struggled. You could see they missed shots early and they got frustrated. There was a stretch for us; our ball movement was absolutely sensational."  -  Doc Rivers HOT:   Ray Allen  -- Allen shot 4-for-7 from behind the arc including 2-for-3 during a third quarter run that stretched the Celtic lead to 43 points. Allen's performance was a far cry from his 0-5 outing last Wednesday against the 76ers. NOT:   Gerald Wallace  -- Gerald Wallace finished the game scoring just two points on 1-for-7 shooting along with five turnovers. Wallace's bad night was a sharp departure from his near-triple-double last Wednesday against the Timberwolves. GOOD MOVE:  Rivers sacrificed a potential historic score differential in order to rest his veteran starters.  Brandon Bass  was the only Celtics starter to play more than 26.5 minutes, finishing with 30 minutes of action. ... The Celtics aging stars have the luxury of starting their impending eight-game road trip well rested. ROOKIE WATCH:  Boston center  Greg Stiemsma  was one of the few Celtics to have a really rough night. The seldom-used big man missed all nine shots he took before fouling out with 4:15 to go in the contest. NOTABLE:  The Celtics will leave town after tonight on an eight-gameroad trip that will have them playing all four California (Los Angeles Lakers, Los Angeles Clippers, Golden State Warriors, and Sacramento Kings). Pierce played in his 10,000th game in a Celtics uniform. Celtics point guard  Rajon Rondo  playfully addressed the media for his teammates and answered questions as if he were them. The Trail Blazers have five more road games before returning to the Rose Garden.  Marcus Camby  finished with 10 rebounds to lead the Trail Blazers. UP NEXT:  For the Trail Blazers, Saturday @ Wizards, Tuesday @ Pacers, Wednesday @ New York. For the Celtics, Sunday @ Lakers, Monday @ Clippers, Wednesday @ Golden State.  