
 Nets-Raptors notebook   By Holly J. MacKenzie, for NBA.com Posted Friday December 17, 2010 11:14PM THE FACTS:  On Friday night at the Air Canada Centre, the Toronto Raptors defeated the New Jersey Nets 98-92. The Raptors were led by  Andrea Bargnani 's 32 points and nine rebounds.  Jose Calderon  returned from a four-game absence to score 15 points and distribute 14 assists for the Raptors who had five players reach double figures. QUOTABLE:  "Every game I have played against him he has gotten better. He's a fantastic player and is always a great challenge for me. Obviously, he is a knock down shooter and he plays very well off of that. You have to respect his shot, he pump fakes, puts it on the floor and gets to the basket. He is playing more in the post, too. He is doing a fantastic job."    -- Nets'  Brook Lopez  on Bargnani's performance THE STAT:  Bargnani's second half. After scoring eight points on 4-for-11 shooting in the first half where the Raptors trailed the Nets 48-42, Bargnani scored 24 of his 32 points after the break. Bargnani shot 10-for-15 from the floor in the second half. TURNING POINT:  Midway through the fourth quarter and trailing by six, the Raptors put together a 16-2 run to go ahead by eight. While the Nets would close the gap to get within two with less than two minutes remaining, solid execution by the Raptors down the stretch kept the game out of reach for New Jersey. QUOTABLE II:  "Bargnani is a tough cover for anybody and he had a big night. We gave him a lot of different looks. He beat some of our coverages. Just when we were down two points there in the closing seconds, we double teamed him and then we gave up the 3 to [ Leandro ]  Barbosa ."   -- Nets coach  Avery Johnson  on the play of Bargnani HOT:  Bargnani and Calderon were both unavailable for the Raptors' loss to the Bulls. Tonight against the Nets, the tandem returned to the lineup in fine form. Bargnani finished with 32 points on 14-for-26 shooting. He also had nine rebounds. Calderon finished with 15 points on an efficient 7-for-9 field goals while also racking up 14 assists in 34 minutes of play. NOT:   Amir Johnson  had his second straight sub-par game for the Raptors. Johnson followed up a two-point, three-rebound effort against the Bulls with just six points and three rebounds in 21 minutes before fouling out against the Nets. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:   Linas Kleiza  was a late addition to the starting lineup after  Sonny Weems  showed up to the arena with back spasms. Kleiza stepped in and logged a career-high 45 minutes, scoring 18 points and tying a career high with 12 rebounds to go with four assists in the victory. He shot 3-for-6 from beyond the arc. This is the second time he has pulled down 12 rebounds in the last five games. NOTABLE:  Former Raptors coach  Sam Mitchell  received lots of love from various members of the Raptors organization prior to the game. The Raptors shot 58 percent in the fourth quarter compared to 35 percent for the Nets. Calderon's 14 assists were an opponent season-high against the Nets.  Kris Humphries  collected his eighth double-double of the season with 12 points and 12 rebounds for the Nets. Nets forward  Quinton Ross  tweaked his back less than two minutes into the game and did not return. UP NEXT:  For the Nets, Sunday vs. Atlanta, Tuesday @ Memphis and Wednesday @ New Orleans. For the Raptors, Sunday vs. Los Angeles Lakers, Wednesday vs. Detroit and Monday @ Memphis. 
