
 Wolves-Clippers notebook   By Bryan Chu, for NBA.com Posted Thursday January 20, 2011 2:21AM THE FACTS:  Chants of "two rebounds, two rebounds" echoed in the final minutes of the game as one streak ended Wednesday night at Staples Center. Though the Clippers went on to easily dispatch the Timberwolves 126-111, it was  Blake Griffin 's streak of double-doubles that fell short. Griffin needed just two rebounds, but with the game well in hand, he was yanked from the contest with 3:54 left in the game. His streak of double-doubles came to a screeching halt at 27. Interestingly enough, it was the NBA's longest streak that seemed in peril midway through the game. Minnesota's  Kevin Love , who failed to snag a single rebound in the first half, didn't post his 10th rebound until the 6:56 mark of the fourth period. The Clippers (16-25) have won three in a row and 11 of their last 15. They have a chance to win four straight at Portland Thursday, a feat that would be their first since they last did it when they won their first four games of the 2007-08 season. In the victory, seven Clippers finished in double figures with Griffin leading the way with a game-high 29 points and eight rebounds.  Eric Gordon , who suffered a right finger injury, finished with 23 points and  Baron Davis  chipped in with 20. The Timberwolves (10-33) have now lost nine of their last 11. In the loss, Love posted his 29th straight double-double with a 26 and 11 effort.  Michael Beasley , who received two technicals and was ejected in the fourth period, added 21 points. The Clippers, who scored a season high in points, led by as many as 23 in the contest. They saw their lead trimmed to 11 twice in the second half, but they hit timely 3-pointers to keep their double-digit lead in tact. QUOTABLE:  "I could care less to be honest. It's one of those things that as long as we win and play well, that's great. I'm more concerned about our wining streak (rather than) a personal streak or whatever it was. I want to keep winning."   -- Griffin on his double-double streak ending. THE STAT:  26:58 -- Game time elapsed before Love recorded his first rebound of the game (a defensive board at the 9:02 mark of the third quarter following a missed  Ryan Gomes  layup). TURNING POINT:  Griffin's physical play in the opening minutes dictated the game. The Clippers led 29-19 at the end of the first period. Griffin scored 14 points, which included a 3-pointer. Love, however, was held to four points. Love was guarding Griffin the entire first quarter, but the two rarely faced off after that. QUOTABLE II:  "We've been gaining a lot of confidence, I will say, from the fact that our defense has been our staple."   -- Davis on what's been different with the Clippers of late. HOT:  The NBA's leading rebounder (15.7 per contest) needed every minute of the game to push his streak of double-doubles to 29. Love managed to pull down five rebounds in the third quarter and six in the fourth. Love finished the game with 26 points on 8-for-14 shooting and 11 rebounds. He was also 10-for-11 from the charity stripe. NOT:  Minnesota's 3-point shooting. The Timberwolves missed 15-of-16 attempts (6.3 percent). For the game, they shot 60.6 percent inside of the arc. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Clippers center  DeAndre Jordan  tallied his fourth double-double this season (second of the month) with 11 points and 12 rebounds. ROOKIE WATCH:  Griffin had a scary moment in the first half when he slipped on the court and cut his left knee. He wasn't fazed, however. Griffin finished with 29 points on 10-for-21 shooting, eight rebounds and six assists. NOTABLE:  Los Angeles' Gordon injured his finger with 3:15 left in the first quarter. He missed the entire second quarter, but returned to start the third. The early diagnosis is a strained/torn tendon of his right ring finger, a Clippers representative said. Gordon did however score 18 of his 23 points in the second half with a heavily bandaged finger, which he injured after a loose ball hit the ball hit it. "(My finger) feels pretty bad," said Gordon, who will not get an MRI tomorrow because the team will head to Portland Thursday on the second of a back-to-back. "I just have to fight through it. I expect to play (against the Blazers)...even if it's torn, I'm still going to play through it." ... Timberwolves center  Darko Milicic  suffered a sprained left ankle at the 6:31 mark in the third quarter. ... Los Angeles committed 24 turnovers, which led to 31 Minnesota points. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Thursday @ Portland, Saturday vs. Golden State, Tuesday @ Dallas. For the Timberwolves, Friday @ Toronto, Saturday vs. Denver, Monday @ New Orleans. 
