  Notebook: Lakers 99, Suns 83   By Dan Arritt, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday January 11, 2012 2:23AM THE FACTS:  Lakers guard  Kobe Bryant  continued his mission to prove neither age nor injury will slow him down this season. Forging ahead with a torn ligament in his right wrist, the 16-year veteran scored a season-high 48 points Tuesday night against the visiting Suns, the highest-scoring game in the NBA this season, elevating the Lakers to a 99-83 victory at Staples Center. QUOTABLE:  "You have to figure out a way to get it done. There's no time to make excuses. If I play bad or have one bad game like I did in Denver, everybody cries for a change, or cries for the fact I'm too old ... I make adjustments and go from there."    -- Bryant on his performance against the Suns THE STAT:  Bryant shot 18-for-31 from the field and 12-for-13 from the free-throw line in delivering his highest-scoring game since netting 49 in a 118-111 loss in Phoenix on March 1, 2009. TURNING POINT:  The Lakers closed the game on a 16-1 run after the Suns had cut the deficit to one on a 3-pointer by  Channing Frye  with 6:13 remaining. Bryant scored 14 points in the run, while Phoenix missed its last nine field-goal attempts. HOT:  Sticking with the Bryant theme, the 33-year-old five-time NBA champion scored 17 points in the opening quarter, which culminated with a 15-0 run by the Lakers for a 25-19 lead. Bryant made nine of his first 12 field-goal attempts, cooled off while missing nine of his next 11 then finished 7-for-8. NOT:  The Lakers did a number on another opposing forward's shooting percentage. Add veteran  Grant Hill  to the company of  Al Jefferson  of Utah,  Amar'e Stoudemire  of the Knicks and  Marc Gasol  of the Grizzlies, who also saw their shot disappear inside Staples Center this season. Hill missed his first eight field-goal attempts and finished 1-for-12 from the floor, the worst shooting performance of his 17-year career when taking more than six shots. GOOD MOVE:  Bryant toyed with scoring 40 points twice earlier this season. He hit that mark emphatically against the Suns during the closing run, driving baseline on Hill and dunking the ball for points No. 39 and 40. On the next possession, he caught a lob from  Matt Barnes  and slammed a reverse dunk, bringing the Staples Center crowd to its feet. BAD MOVE:  The Suns were already having a tough time matching up with the two 7-footers on the Lakers, starting forward  Pau Gasol  and center  Andrew Bynum , but it became even more of a challenge after Frye committed his third and fourth fouls early in the third, forcing him to the bench for the remainder of the quarter. The Suns also lost their hottest offensive player, as Frye had scored a team-high 12 points in the first half to eclipse his season average. QUOTABLE II:  "He's the best player in the world. You come to expect that type of performance from him. He does it regularly throughout the season and he was phenomenal tonight."    -- Suns guard  Steve Nash  on Bryant NOTABLE:  The Lakers were down three reserves with forward  Josh McRoberts  missing his fifth consecutive game with a sprained left big toe, forward  Troy Murphy  out with the stomach flu and shooting guard  Jason Kapono  with his wife,  Ashley , who gave birth to twin girls earlier in the day. That meant a prime back-up role for  Luke Walton , who had not appeared in the last six games and played just 10 minutes altogether this season. Despite appearing gassed at a few points of the game, he finished with six points, eight rebounds and three assists in 27 minutes. Most impressive, the Lakers were 32 points better than the Suns when he was on the floor. UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Wednesday @ Utah, Friday vs. Cleveland, Saturday @ L.A. Clippers. For the Suns, Thursday vs. Cleveland, Friday vs. New Jersey, Sunday @ San Antonio.  