  Notebook: Trail Blazers 93, Warriors 91 Posted Thursday February 16, 2012 2:05AM By Geoff Lepper, for NBA.com THE FACTS: Gerald Wallace  scored 24 points and  Jamal Crawford  had five in the final 63 seconds as the Portland Trail Blazers survived the absence of All-Star forward  LaMarcus Aldridge  to beat the Golden State Warriors, 93-91, on Wednesday. Wallace had 10 points in the fourth quarter as the Blazers beat the Warriors for just the second time in their last 14 trips to Oakland. Crawford finished with 14 points and six assists for Portland, which won despite shooting just 40.5 percent from the floor. Golden State's  David Lee  tied his season-high with 29 points and grabbed 11 rebounds, recording his fourth double-double in his last five games. QUOTABLE:  "It was a huge win for us. I think yesterday, we were taken aback with what happened to LaMarcus. Whenever you see your go-to guy go down like that, I think it shakes you up a little bit. We knew we had to band together, and there's no telling when he's coming back, so all we have is each other. We have to lean on each other to come up with victories."  --  Crawford. THE STAT:  Golden State came into the game as the NBA's best 3-point shooting team, converting 39.6 percent of their attempts from behind the arc. But Portland harried the Warriors into going 1-for-6 on treys in the fourth quarter -- and that doesn't include a final-possession miss from  Brandon Rush  that didn't count because it came just after the buzzer. TURNING POINT:  Crawford punished his former team in the closing seconds, first draining a 3-pointer over 5-foor-9  Nate Robinson  -- who was forced to take Crawford on a switch -- to give Portland a 91-90 lead with 1:03 remaining, then slicing into the lane and drawing a foul on  Dominic McGuire  at the 43.7-second mark. Crawford hit both free throws for the final points of the game. HOT:  Wallace took over Aldridge's spot in the starting lineup as coach  Nate McMillan  went small at the outset. But Wallace came up huge as a stretch 4, stepping outside and knocking down all four of his 3-point attempts, setting a new season-high in the process. The last of those 3s forced an 88-all tie with 1:56 left as the Warriors were desperately trying to finish off the game. QUOTABLE II:  "I saw a couple of plays tonight where (I thought) that we're not losing this game, and also from a few guys where they were not going to lose this game tonight."  --  McMillan. NOT: Monta Ellis , the Warriors' leading scorer, went 3-for-9 and didn't play in the final 13:02 due to what a team spokesman described as flu-like symptoms. BAD MOVE:  Robinson had 21 points, 10 in the fourth quarter, in Ellis' absence. But with six seconds left, two-thirds of the court to cover and down two points, Warriors coach  Mark Jackson  put the ball in the hands of Robinson -- a guy who had four turnovers and no assists on the evening -- instead of nominal point guard  Stephen Curry , who had eight assists against just two turnovers. Robinson took the final inbounds pass and, rubbing off a screen from Lee, lost control of his dribble momentarily. The bobble cost the Warriors any chance of getting off a buzzer-beating shot that could have tied or won the game. NOTABLE:  The Blazers are now just 2-5 in games Aldridge has missed since the beginning of the 2008-09 season. . . . Neither team recorded a fast-break point in the second half. . . . Portland, which had been outrebounded by an average of 11.4 per game over the previous five contests, won that battle 41-39. The Blazers finished with 18 second-chance points to the Warriors' six. UP NEXT:  For the Warriors, Friday @ Oklahoma City, Saturday @ Memphis, Monday vs. Clippers. For the Trail Blazers, Thursday vs. Clippers, Saturday vs. Atlanta, Monday @ Lakers.  