Notebook: Heat 97, Bobcats 81 
 
 
 Derek S. Smith, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Nov 16, 2013 10:47 PM - Updated Sat Nov 16, 2013 10:47 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Miami Heat defeated its Southeast division rival Charlotte Bobcats for the 13th straight game with a 97-81 victory Saturday night. It is the longest current streak for the Heat against any opponent in the NBA. 
 
 THE LEAD: LeBron James  scored 30 points to lead a shorthanded Heat squad to victory over the Bobcats at Time Warner Cable Arena. James was the only starter in double figures for Miami.  Chris Bosh  scored seven points and  Dwyane Wade  added just four points. Miami also was without regulars  Udonis Haslem  (back spasms),  Ray Allen  (flu) and  Mario Chalmers  (suspension), but received strong bench play from  Michael Beasley  with 15 points.  
 
 QUOTABLE : "LeBron (James) came out with great energy at the beginning of the game. When you see him come out attacking off the glass and pushing coast-to-coast you know he's feeling good with his body. You know that it sets a great tone for our basketball team. He was getting into the paint, getting to the rim and getting three-point plays. He had a great disposition on the court which is always good for us.  --  Heat coach  Erik Spoelstra. 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Charlotte came into the night as the fourth best scoring defense in the NBA at 93.2 points per game. The Bobcats held the Heat to only 97 points and became the first team this season to hold Miami to less than 100 points. The Heat had been averaging 107.1 points through its first nine games. 
 
 TURNING POINT : Miami took the lead for good on a tip-in from James with 10 minutes to play in the third quarter. The Bobcats had trailed most of the game put a quick spurt had tied the game at 47 before the James basket. Bosh scored following for a four-point cushion and the Heat would never trail again.  
 
 HOT:  LeBron scored 30 or more for the third consecutive game Saturday evening. James is averaging 34.0 points, 4.3 assists and 4.3 rebounds in the stretch. Most impressive is his shooting. James has made 40-of-57 shots (.701) in those three games including going 5-of-8 from behind the arc. James has scored 20 or more in eight of 10 games this season.  
 
 NOT:  Wade was limited to four points Saturday against Charlotte on 1-of-7 shooting and 23 minutes of action while committing a team-high four turnovers. Wade sat all of the fourth quarter with knee soreness and wasn't needed by his teammates.  
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Spoelstra made the decision to pull LeBron James out of the lineup with 7:52 to play in the fourth quarter with Miami leading 78-70. Spoelstra said his reserves "earned" those minutes late in the game and they proved their coach right. The Heat bench extended the lead to as many as 17 points late in the fourth quarter allowing James along with Bosh and Wade a chance to rest down the stretch.  
 
 ROOKIE WATCH: Cody Zeller  struggled against the two-time defending champions. Zeller played only seven minutes and failed to score or grab a rebound in his time on the court.  
 
 NOTABLE: Josh McRoberts  tied a career high with nine assists for Charlotte.  Kemba Walker  has played in all 158 career regular season games and has scored 20 or more points for the fourth time this season. Charlotte  Jeffery Taylor  has been in double figures in six of the last seven games.  Norris Cole  tied his season high with five assists. The nine rebounds from  Rashard Lewis  was a season best.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Tuesday vs. Atlanta, Wednesday @ Orlando, Saturday vs. Orlando. For the Bobcats, Monday @ Chicago, Wednesday vs. Brooklyn, Friday vs. Phoenix. 
