Notebook: Heat 119, Mavericks 109, OT 
 
 
 Zachary Paul, For NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Jan 02, 2013 11:24 PM - Updated Thu Jan 03, 2013 11:07 PM 
 
 THE FACTS :  The Miami Heat defeated the Dallas Mavericks 119-109 in overtime Wednesday at AmericanAirlines Arena.  LeBron James  led the way with 32 points, 12 rebounds and nine assists. The Heat (22-8) rallied from a six-point deficit with less than three minutes left to capture the victory. A 3-point shot by  Shane Battier  put Miami ahead 103-101 before Mavs (13-20) forward  Dirk Nowitzki  hit a short jump shot to force overtime.  
 The Heat dominated the extra session, outscoring Dallas 16-6. Guard  Dwyane Wade  finished with 27 points and a season-high 10 rebounds while center  Chris Bosh  added 17 points and four rebounds.  
 The Mavs were led by guard  O.J. Mayo , who finished with 30 points on 12-for-21 shooting.  
 
 QUOTABLE : "What I liked about it is we were missing so many wide open 3-pointers the first half and then through three quarters, but we still found the trust to hit Shane [Battier] for a couple big ones and  Ray [Allen]  for a big one as well." 
   -- Heat coach  Erik Spolestra 
 
 
 THE STAT :  James, Bosh and Wade combined for 76 points. Things tend to favor the Heat when the trio scores at least 75.   
 
  TURNING POINT : The Heat opened overtime by scoring the first seven points, never trailing in the extra period. It was the second straight game Miami started strong in overtime.   
 
 QUOTABLE II :  "It shouldn't have gotten to overtime. We were up six with a couple of minutes to go and our inability to keep them out of the paint was our downfall. In that position we [have] to be able to keep [LeBron James and Dwyane Wade] from getting to the rim, and they did two or three times."   
 --Mavs coach  Rick Carlisle 
 
 
 HOT : James was once again in attack mode. For the second straight game, he was the Heat's spark in a comeback. He was the catalyst when Miami closed the gap in the second quarter and then was the difference in overtime.   
 
 NOT: Vince Carter  and  Shawn Marion  had off nights, with both struggling from the field. Carter finished 1-for-8 from the 3-point arc while Marion provided little on the offensive end.  
 
 GOOD MOVE : This will go down as a game where the Heat received contributions from their core of Bosh, Wade and James; but Allen, Battier and  Mario Chalmers  all came up with big shots at key times.  
 
 BAD MOVE : The Mavericks were leaving the Heat shooters too open in the latter stages. They really had no choice, though. It was either that or defend James with one player.  
 
 NOTABLE : The Heat improved to 3-0 in overtime games. The Mavs fell to 0-6. ... Nowitzki played 30 minutes, the most since returning from preseason knee surgery. ... The Mavs are 1-10 when they allow at least 110 points. ... James scored at least 20 points for the 35th straight time. ... Battier leads Miami with 53 3-pointers. 
 
  UP NEXT : For the Heat, Friday vs. Bulls, Sunday vs Wizards, Tuesday @ Pacers. For the Mavericks, Saturday vs. Hornets, Monday @ Jazz, Wednesday @ Clippers.   
