  Notebook: Bulls 114, Cavaliers 75   By Brian Dulik, for NBA.com Posted Saturday January 21, 2012 12:07AM THE FACTS:  Power forward  Carlos Boozer  collected 19 points, a game-high 14 rebounds and four assists as the Chicago Bulls destroyed the Cleveland Cavaliers 114-75 at Quicken Loans Arena. Small forward  Luol Deng  scored a game-best 21 points, and point guard  C.J. Watson  added 15 points and seven assists for the Bulls, who played without injured NBA MVP  Derrick Rose . It was the largest home loss in Cavaliers history, covering 42 seasons and 1,670 regular season games. QUOTABLE:  "I hope tomorrow night (in Atlanta) we come out with a lot more heart and another part of the anatomy that I can't mention. If we don't, we're going to get the same result."   -- Cavaliers coach  Byron Scott THE STAT:  Despite the absence of Rose with a sprained left toe, Chicago shot a season-high .554 from the field and dished out 27 assists -- both well above its averages. "I loved the way we moved the basketball to start the game," Bulls coach  Tom Thibodeau  said. "The rebounding was great and we had a lot of guys contribute tonight." Chicago's starting frontcourt of Boozer, Deng and center  Joakim Noah  combined to make 21-of-35 field goals (.600) and grab 32 boards. TURNING POINT:  After a  Daniel Gibson  3-pointer gave the Cavaliers a 26-25 lead with 2:13 left in the opening quarter, the Bulls scored 13 straight points to seize command. Watson buried a 25-footer to end the first period and made two free throws to start the second, paving the way for his 13-point, five-assist first half. "C.J. is a terrific player and a high character guy," Thibodeau said. "He's the leader of our second unit, but he showed he can lead the first unit, as well." QUOTABLE II:   "Things just didn't go our way tonight, and there was definitely a lack of effort on our end. I take responsibility for that. (Chicago) is just a hell of a team, and we have to give them credit on both ends of the floor."   -- Cavaliers point guard  Kyrie Irving HOT:  The Bulls reduced their NBA-leading defensive average to 85.1 points per game by holding Cleveland to a season-low 75. ... Chicago set a franchise record by blocking an NBA season-high 16 shots, nine of them in the fourth quarter. ... Bulls point guard  John Lucas III  had nine points in nine minutes off the bench, while backup small forward  Kyle Korver  rung up 14 points in 15 minutes. ... Chicago has won seven straight games over the Cavaliers. ... Cleveland center  Anderson Varejao  made 5-of-9 field goal attempts and scored a team-high 14 points. NOT:  Cavaliers power forward  Antawn Jamison  shot 1-of-10 from the field in 31 minutes, while backup center  Tristan Thompson  was 2-of-10 and had four of his tries blocked. ... Varejao threw two passes directly into the courtside seats in the first half. ... Cleveland was outscored 80-49 over the final three quarters. ... Cavaliers point guard  Ramon Sessions  recorded a minus-35 for the game, while Gibson was a minus-31. ... Cleveland has dropped two straight games. ... Power forward  Taj Gibson  and swingman Jimmy Butler were the only Bulls not to score. QUOTABLE II:  "Give Chicago credit, they just came out and forced their will from the opening tip. We definitely have to fight harder. We can't let it just keep going down, like it did tonight."   -- Gibson GOOD MOVE:  Watson and Lucas constantly pushed the ball up the floor, helping Chicago score 10 fast-break points in the first half and 18 in the game. The Bulls won the rebounding battle 54-38, allowing their point guards plenty of opportunities in transition. "John played extremely well, and you can't overlook what C.J. is doing for us," Thibodeau said. "Both of them gave us high energy and kept up the intensity. Even  Mike James , when he came in at the end, played the same way." BAD MOVE:  Cavaliers backup point guard  Ramon Sessions  played his second straight poor game, but Scott gave him more court time than No. 1 overall draft pick Irving. During Sessions' 27 minutes of action, Cleveland was outscored by a whopping 35 points. Sessions finished with seven points on 3-of-12 shooting, while Irving scored 11 of his 13 points in the opening 5:04. Both players had three assists and two turnovers, but Irving was only a minus-9 in his 22 minutes. NOTABLE:  Gibson (sprained ankle) and Lucas (groin) both exited with injuries, but Thibodeau said their status is "day to day." ... Cleveland's previous largest home loss was 35 points, set on two occasions. The Bulls beat the Cavaliers 120-85 on Dec. 1, 1990 at The Coliseum, while the Knicks scored a 110-75 victory over Cleveland on March 20, 2001 at Gund Arena. ... Chicago's largest lead was 42 points. ... All 26 active players logged at least four minutes. ... Former Cavaliers point guard  Terrell Brandon  made a rare visit to Cleveland as part of the team's Black Heritage Celebration. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Saturday vs. Charlotte, Monday vs. New Jersey, Wednesday vs. Indiana. For the Cavaliers, Saturday @ Atlanta, Tuesday @ Miami, Wednesday vs. New York.  