
 Spurs-Suns notebook   By Mike Tulumello, for NBA.com Posted Thursday November 4, 2010 1:31AM THE FACTS:   Tim Duncan  sliced up the smaller Phoenix Suns inside while  Richard Jefferson  shot over them as the visiting San Antonio Spurs pulled out a 112-110 thriller Wednesday night. Duncan had 25 points and 17 rebounds, while Jefferson scored 28 on 9-for-13 shooting. For the Suns,  Jason Richardson  had 21points,  Steve Nash  added 19 and  Hakim Warrick  gave them 19 points off the bench. The Suns, led by Richardson, had rallied from a 103-97 deficit by going on a 9-0 run (capped by a spectacular fast-break lob from Nash to Richardson) to take a 106-103 lead with less than 3:00 left. But Jefferson led the Spurs on an 8-0 run to turn the game one last time. QUOTABLE:  "We've got to get better play out of our big guys for us to be a factor."   -- Suns coach  Alvin Gentry  on a team trying to find the right pieces to replace  Amar'e Stoudemire .   THE STAT:  The most basic numbers were the most important. The Spurs outshot the Suns 55-45 percent. That allowed them to overcome 23 turnovers and 10 missed free throws. The Suns, who are overmatched on the boards almost nightly, will have a tough time in games where they only shoot in the mid-40s. TURNING POINT:  The Spurs, trailing 106-103 with little more than 2:00 left, got two free throws from  Antonio McDyess  (he faked Warrick off his feet) and a crushing 3-pointer from the left corner from Jefferson to take a 108-106 lead. While the Suns misfired, Jefferson hit two free throws with 43 seconds left to seal it. QUOTABLE II:  "Now that Amare Stoudemire is gone, has the Evil Empire been broken up?"   -- A reporter asking a light-hearted pregame question of Spurs coach  Gregg Popovich . HOT:  The Spurs' Jefferson, who struggled much of his first season in San Antonio, hit 4-for-5 on 3-pointers and finished with a game-high 28 points. For the season, he's averaging 20.0 points on 65 percent shooting through four games. "They always say it's easier the second year," said Jefferson, suggesting he struggled learning the offense on a team that emphasizes defense. "Now, I know where I'm supposed to be." NOT:  The Suns'  Hedo Turkoglu , one of the key pieces who is supposed to fill the power forward vacuum left by Stoudemire, shot 2-for-7, including 0-for-3 from long range, plus two rebounds in 17 minutes. For the season, he's averaging 8.5 points on 37 percent shooting plus 4.0 rebounds. "We're trying to figure out ways to get him more engaged," Gentry said. ROOKIE WATCH:  In his second NBA game,  Tiago Splitter , the rookie from Brazil who was the MVP in the Spanish league last year, had seven points and three rebounds in 15 minutes. For the Suns, big man  Garret Siler  made his NBA debut and finished with one point, one rebound and two blocks in seven minutes. NOTABLE:  The Suns are the only NBA team to open the season against four straight 50-plus win teams from last season. UP NEXT:  For the Spurs, Saturday vs. Rockets, Monday @ Charlotte, Wednesday vs. Clippers. For the Suns, Friday vs. Grizzlies, Sunday at Hawks, Monday at Grizzlies. 
