Notebook: 76ers 95, Bobcats 92 
 
 
 Andy Jasner, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Jan 15, 2014 10:41 PM - Updated Wed Jan 15, 2014 10:41 PM 
 
 THE FACT : The Sixers won their sixth consecutive game against the Bobcats at the Wells Fargo Center. 
 
 THE LEAD: Thaddeus Young  hit a 3-pointer with 3.2 seconds remaining to lift the Philadelphia 76ers past the Charlotte Bobcats, 95-92, Wednesday night at the Wells Fargo Center.  Evan Turner  led the Sixers with 23 points while  Michael Carter-Williams  added 20 points, eight rebounds and seven assists.  Spencer Hawes  compiled a double-double of 17 points and 14 rebounds while Young had 11 points. The Sixers snapped a four-game losing skid and improved to 13-25. 
 
 Kemba Walke r played a stellar all-around game and paced the Bobcats with 26 points, eight assists and five rebounds.  Al Jefferson  had 24 points and eight rebounds,  Ramon Sessions  had 11 points and  Josh McRoberts  contributed 10. The Bobcats fell to 16-24. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "It was the most perfect look you could ever get." --  Young, on his game-winning 3-pointer 
 
 
 THE STAT : The Sixers' two centers, Hawes and newly-signed  Dewayne Dedmon , had 21 rebounds. All 21 rebounds were off the defensive glass -- 14 by Hawes and seven by Dedmon. 
 
 TURNING POINT : The game featured six lead changes and five ties. Ultimately, it went down to the wire where Young made a clutch shot. 
 
 HOT:  Hawes was 7-for-12 and Turner was 10-for-19. 
 
 NOT: Gerald Henderson  had no offensive rhythm on this night and missed 12 of his 14 shots. He started 0-for-9 and never got going offensively. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Young has knocked down big shots in the past and he did it again. Even though it wasn't one of his better shooting nights (4-for-11), the Sixers had enough confidence in the longest-tenured player on the team. It paid off. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  The Bobcats settled for too many 3-pointers and they would up 5-for-20. They could have gone inside more, especially to Jefferson. 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA : An announced crowd of 10,106 attended the game and got fairly loud down the stretch with the game close. 
 
 QUOTABLE II : "I thought the bench came in and energized us." --  Sixers coach  Brett Brown 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  Brown downplayed an ESPN.com report stating that  Nerlens Noel  could return to basketball-related activities shortly after the All-Star break next month. "There's a collection of people who will be involved in the decision," Brown said. "There are some things that have been lifted in relation to being only to shoot one-handed with him. But there are so many different layers to this. To get all excited now about a timeline put out would not be a wise thing to do. He's got to tick a lot more boxes. He's progressing well. But there really is not a definitive timeline." Noel suffered a torn ACL last February while playing for the University of Kentucky and the No. 6 overall pick was acquired by the Sixers in a draft-night trade in June. ... The Sixers played without reserve forward  Lavoy Allen  for a third straight game because of a right calf injury ... The Sixers won at home in regulation for the first time since Nov. 8 against the Cleveland Cavaliers. Philadelphia's last four home victories had been in overtime. ... Bobcats forward  Michael Kidd-Gilchrist  was held to one point on 0-for-2 shooting in 16:42. ... Turner scored 11 of his 23 points in the fourth quarter. ... The Sixers had 23 assists and 24 turnovers. ... The Bobcats have dropped nine of their last 11 games after starting the season 14-15. 
 
 QUOTABLE III : "We've had chances four or five times this year, where we were one play away defensively. You've got to make a play, you've got to tighten the defense and we weren't able to do it." --  Bobcats coach  Steve Clifford 
 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Bobcats, Friday @ Orlando, Saturday vs. Miami, Monday vs. Toronto. For the Sixers, Friday vs. Miami, Saturday @ Chicago, Monday @ Washington. 
