  Notebook: Pacers 95, Raptors 90   By Duane Watson, for NBA.com  Posted Friday January 13, 2012 11:50PM THE FACTS:  The Indiana Pacers (8-3) brought their smashmouth basketball to the Air Canada Centre, rallying, scrapping and pounding their way to a 95-90 victory over the Toronto Raptors (4-8). Down by as many as 16 in the first half,  George Hill  lead a balanced Pacers attack with 22 points off the bench.  Roy Hibbert  had 15 points and 9 rebounds, while  David West  and  Tyler Hansbrough  both contributed 13. The fourth quarter saw both teams going blow for blow with the score tied 11 tied times. However, the game was won and lost at the free throw line down the stretch. The Pacers capitalized making 5 in a row and Raptors centre  Jamaal Magloire  airballed his first and clanked the second off the rim to kill any hopes of chipping away at a 93-90 score. DeMar DeRozan  stepped up in the absence of the Raptors leading scorer  Andrea Bargnani  who is suffering from a calf sprain, scoring 23 points,  Leandro Barbosa  scored 20 off the bench and  Jose Calderon  had 15 points and 9 assists. QUOTABLE:  "The intensity. The first half we were letting them do whatever they wanted, the second half we tried to get physical, take some stuff away, disrupt their offence and they played into our hands."   -- Pacers Guard  George Hill  on what made the difference in the game. THE STAT:  In a game that was decided at the free throw line, the Raptors 62.5 percent shooting was glaring. Missing a dozen shots on 20 for 32 shooting is easily the difference in a hard fought game. TURNING POINT:  All nine lead changes took place in the gruelling fourth quarter and with  Tyler Hansbrough's  two free throws with 14.8 left put the Pacers up 93-90, shutting the door on the Raptors hopes. HOT:   DeMar DeRozan  went 5-for-6 in the first quarter and scored 14 of the Raptors first 21 points en route to a 21-8 run to start the game. Expectations were on DeRozan to pick up the scoring slack with Bargnani out and he responded. A much-needed boost as DeRozan has been shooting .309 from the field over the last 5 games. NOT:  Pacers forward  Danny Granger  started the game 0-7 and scored his first basket with 2:24 left in the first half. Two minutes later he earned a technical for taunting after a block on  Ed Davis , his second of the game and an early visit to the showers. Granger has been shooting .336 on the season yet was coming off a 9 for 16 game against the Hawks on Wednesday, he needed this game to continue his hot hand. BAD MOVE:  Raptors forward  James Johnson  made a careless turnover and immediately followed it with a loose ball foul. Shortly thereafter he gave up a three point play to  Tyler Hansbrough  and added another turnover during a 1:15 stretch. During which the Pacers made an 8-5 run to tie the game 65-65 at the close of the third quarter. NOTABLE:  The Pacers are 2-0 against the Raptors this season and have tied the all-time record at 16-16. ... The Raptors embark on a three-game road trip where they are 2-4 on the season. UP NEXT:  The Raptors are on the road Saturday @ Chicago, Monday @ Atlanta and Wednesday @ Boston. For the Pacers, Saturday vs. Boston, Wednesday @ Sacramento, Friday @ Golden State.  