Notebook: Grizzlies 104, Heat 86 
 
 
 Marlon W. Morgan, For NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Nov 11, 2012 10:02 PM - Updated Sun Nov 11, 2012 10:02 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:  The Miami Heat came into Memphis intent on neutralizing the Grizzlies' inside game of center  Marc Gasol  and forward  Zach Randolph , and they were effective at doing so. What they underestimated, though, was the strength of the Grizzlies perimeter. The Grizzlies made it rain with long-range shots, knocking in 14 from 3-point range to blow away the Heat 104-86 Sunday night at FedExForum. The leading marksman was backup guard  Wayne Ellington , who was 7-for-11 from long range, and finished with a career- and game-high 25 points for the Grizzlies, who never trailed. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "Last time I felt like that was in college [at North Carolina]. It's been awhile, so it felt good to be back in that zone. I'm starting to get a lot [more] comfortable. Everybody's in it for one reason. We have the same goal. We're all just out here grinding and working everyday. We're taking in game by game to get wins."  
 -- Grizzlies guard Wayne Ellington 
 
 THE STAT:  The Grizzlies are now 5-1 for the first time in franchise history. The 4-1 record they had entering the game was their first since the 2000-01 season, which was their final season in Vancouver.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  With the Heat pulling to within 85-76 midway through the fourth quarter, Grizzlies guard  Jerryd Bayless  turned the ball over leading to a potential Miami fastbreak. But, as  Ray Allen  rose up for the layup, Bayless came out of nowhere to block the shot.  Rudy Gay  scooped  up the rebound, found Ellington with an outlet pass and he then drained a jumper for the big momentum builder. That was the start of a 13-0 run that put the game away. 
 
 HOT:  As a team, the Grizzlies entered the game shooting 33 percent from 3-point range. Against the Heat, from the time Gay started the game hitting a desperation 3-pointer with the shot clock winding down, until the end, they were on fire. The Grizzlies were 14-for-24 from the 3-point line. The last time the Grizzlies made at least 14 from 3-point land in a game was April 2, 2008, against New York when they hit 15. 
 
 NOT:  The Heat had no problem getting to the free-throw line as they shot 36 attempts. The problem was they only made 22 to finish at 61 percent. LeBron James was 0-for-4. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We knew we were going to have a job on our hands with Z-Bo and Gasol. We tried to help out [the] bigs as much as possible down there trying to snag rebounds, but a few loose balls got away from us. They hit a few 3s. Then, Wayne got going and hit some back-burning 3s, as well. Then, they hit a few at the end of the shot clock, too. They played well. We move on to the next one."  
 -- Miami forward LeBron James. 
 
 NOTABLE:  The Heat (5-2) saw their four-game winning streak come to halt. Memphis, meanwhile, has won five in a row since losing their season opener at the Los Angeles Clippers. The Grizzlies also extended their franchise-record, regular-season home winning streak to 14 games dating back to last season. ... The Grizzlies' bench outscored the Heat's bench 41-26. Ellington and forward  Marreese Speights  have nicknamed the reserves group, "The Zoo Crew." ... It was a rough night for Heat guard  Dwyane Wade , who returned to the lineup after missing Miami's last game at Atlanta. Wade missed 12 of his 15 shots and finished with just eight points. Since James and  Chris Bosh  joined Miami, the Grizzlies are 3-1 against the Heat, the last two meeting resulting in blowout wins for Memphis. .. The Heat entered the game leading the NBA in scoring with 107.5 ppg. ... James and Bosh were the extent of Miami's offense. Bosh led the way with 22 points and eight rebounds, while James had 20 to go with 10 boards and six assists. For the Grizzlies, Gay finished with 21 points, while  Mike Conley  had 18 and Randolph posted his sixth straight double-double with 18 points and 12 rebounds. ... Gasol had a season-low two points on 1-for-6 shooting, but did grab 10 rebounds. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Monday @ Houston, Wednesday @ L.A. Clippers, Thursday @ Denver. For the Grizzlies, Wednesday @ Oklahoma City, Friday vs. New York, Saturday @ Charlotte. 
