Notebook: Nets 104, Jazz 88 
 
 
 Jake Appleman, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Nov 05, 2013 11:52 PM - Updated Wed Nov 06, 2013 1:25 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  Backed by a dominant performance from  Brook Lopez  (27 points and seven rebounds in 25 minutes),  Jason Kidd  notched his first win while patrolling the sidelines and the Nets beat the Jazz for the first time since acquiring  Deron Williams  in February of 2011.   
 
 THE LEAD:  The Nets' trend of manhandling subpar teams at home in their first season at Barclays Center continued without much resistance from the Jazz. The Nets jumped out to a 12-2 lead and didn't look back, stifling any real chance of a comeback by looking inside to Lopez, zipping quick passes around the court, and playing solid defense.  Enes Kanter  (21 points, eight rebounds) and  Gordon Hayward  (22 points, five rebounds) supplied most of the Jazz's offense. 
 
 THE STAT:  The Nets held Jazz players not named Kanter and Hayward to 24 percent shooting (14-58).   
 
 TURNING POINT :  Derrick Favors  blocked Lopez on the game's first possession and soon thereafter Kanter tied him up to force a jump ball. Lopez quickly atoned and outplayed both youngsters en route to 11 first-quarter points. 
 
 INJURY UPDATE : Williams played about half the game while recovering from preseason ankle problems. Lopez and  Andray Blatche  (10 points, three rebounds) were listed as probable before the game with ankle issues, but both moved well during the game.   
 
 QUOTABLE:  "Yeah, it definitely does."  --  Williams, strongly emphasizing that beating the Jazz for the first time since they traded him matters . 
 
 
 QUOTABLE II : "He's a real chill person, but he has a fire. He has a quiet fire."  --  Kevin Garnett , on Lopez. 
 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "We can't have guys searching for shots; we have to make sure we count on the offense and execute."  --  Jazz coach  Tyrone Corbin. 
 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH: Mason Plumlee  made his regular season/Barclays Center debut, tallying five points, including two impressive dunks, and four rebounds.  Rudy Gobert  of the Jazz fouled out, grabbing 11 rebounds without scoring a point. 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA : In part thanks to Kanter's Turkish heritage, and perhaps' Williams' brief stint as a player in Turkey, Turkish themed performances occurred on the court before the game and a large contingent of fans chanted for Kanter from the upper deck. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Six Nets scored in double figures and no player played more than 25:29. Garnett's floor spacing shooting and defensive intensity were hardly needed as he logged under 14 minutes. .... Kidd said the Nets surprised him by presenting him with the Game Ball in a dark locker room. ... The Nets scored over 80 percent of their points in the paint and on fast breaks.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For Utah, Wednesday @ Boston, Friday @ Chicago, Saturday @ Toronto. For Brooklyn, Friday @ Washington, Saturday vs. Indiana, next Wednesday @ Sacramento.   
