  Notebook: Spurs 117, Kings 112 Posted Thursday March 29, 2012 1:33AM By James Ham, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  A road weary San Antonio Spurs team walked into Power Balance Pavilion and handed the Sacramento Kings their fourth consecutive loss tonight in a tough fought, 117-112 battle. Manu Ginobili  led the way for the Spurs, finishing with 20 points off the bench. Sure-fire Hall of Fame center  Tim Duncan  battled up-and-coming  DeMarcus Cousins  all night, scoring 18 points and grabbing eight rebounds in just under 30 minutes of action. Rookie  Kawhi Leonard  added 19 points and nine rebounds for a Spurs team that has now won six in a row. San Antonio had no answer for rookie point guard  Isaiah Thomas . Thomas finished with a career-high 28 points on the night and added 10 assists for his third double-double of the season. Cousins really challenged Duncan, dropping a 25-point, 11-rebound performance on the aging star in the loss. QUOTABLE:  "I feel pretty good right now. I'm sure it will hit me in the next two days here, but I feel good right now. It was great to win all of them. That was huge for us. We played tough games on the road and (against some) tough teams. We looked pretty good so we're getting better."    --Duncan on the tough five games in six night stretch. THE STAT:  The Spurs bench outscored the Kings 55-20 on the night. Ginobili led the way for the Spurs, but  Patty Mills ,  Gary Neal ,  Tiago Splitter  and  Stephen Jackson  all played solid ball in the win. TURNING POINT:  This game was close until the closing minutes when  Tony Parker  hit a huge 3-point shot from the corner to give the Spurs the 108-98 lead. Leading up to that moment Parker had not played particularly well, especially on the defensive end. QUOTABLE II:  "He's getting better. Every time we play them he's getting better. He's getting more comfortable with his role. He's expanded his game and he always plays hard, so he's getting better."    -- Duncan on the development of Cousins. HOT:  Thomas was incredible against a tough Spurs defensive team tonight. The rookie out of Washington scored a career-high 28 points on 11-for-19 shooting. HOT II:  Leonard had a stellar night for the Spurs as well, finishing with 19 points on 8-for-11 shooting. Leonard also grabbed nine rebounds for a near double-double performance. GOOD MOVE:  Spurs coach  Gregg Popovich  showed an amazing amount of faith in reserve guard Gary Neal tonight. The second year player out of Towson University went 0-for-4 four in seven first half minutes and 1-for-5 through three quarters before scoring 11 points on perfect shooting in the fourth. NOTABLE:  Playing for the fifth time in six nights, the Spurs went to their bench early and often. Popovich used 12 men in the first half and in the waning moments of the fourth,  James Anderson  entered the game, becoming the 13th player used by the San Antonio on the evening. UP NEXT:  For the Spurs, Saturday vs. Indiana, Tuesday @ Cleveland, Wednesday @ Boston. For the Kings, Friday @ Utah, Saturday vs. New Jersey, Monday vs. Minnesota.  