Notebook: Mavericks 97, Suns 94 
 
 
 Mike Tulumello, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Dec 07, 2012 2:34 AM - Updated Fri Dec 07, 2012 2:34 AM 
 
 THE FACTS:  The Phoenix Suns staged "money-back guarantee night" on Thursday. 
 On Friday, they may have to start handing out refund checks, as the visiting Dallas Mavericks sent the Suns to their fifth straight loss, 97-94. 
 The Mavericks ran up an 81-71 lead with 5:40 left, but turnovers by  Vince Carter ,  O.J. Mayo  and  Darren Collison  helped the Suns go on a 16-6 run to tie the game. A steal and two free throws by Shannon Brown made it 87-87, with 48.5 seconds left. 
 Then Mayo hit a tough, 20-foot fadeaway with 34.6 seconds left. The Suns'  Goran Dragic  then missed a layup, then Collison hit two free throws to all but wrap it up with 19.3 seconds left. 
 Mayo led the Mavericks (9-10) with 23 points. The Mavs got big bench play from Collison and  Brandan Wright  with 16 points each and  Chris Kaman , who had 15 points and seven boards. 
 The Suns (7-13) got perhaps a career-best game from  Markieff Morris , who had 15 points and a career-high 17 boards.  
 Dragic, who shot 5-for-14 for 15 points, said, "It's tough. It is always the same story. We came up short." 
 The Mavs'  Shawn Marion  suffered a groin strain. 
 "Groins can be tricky," he said. "They can be lingering, or, with treatment, you can deal with it." 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We played one of our strongest-willed games....A lot of heart, a lot of guts." 
 -- Mavericks coach  Rick Carlisle , on his team, which played poorly the previous night at the Los Angeles Clippers, then lost an hour in the trip to Arizona afterward. 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Mavs' Collison, Kaman and Wright combined to score 47 points off the bench on just 30 shots from the floor. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Mavericks whipped the sluggish Suns, 23-4, to start the second half and take a 63-48 lead. During the nearly nine-minute span, Kaman lit up  Marcin Gortat  while -- at the other end -- the Suns'  Michael Beasley  missed shots. The Suns managed to tie the game late, but never again led. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "Our goal is to keep playing and turn our season around."  
 -- Suns coach  Alvin Gentry 
 
 
 HOT:  Wright shot 8-for-12. 
 
 NOT:  Gortat shot 1-for-8. He drew boos when he failed to convert what appeared to be an easy lob-and-layup attempt. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  The Mavericks' decision to play Wright all but a few seconds of the final 16 minutes of the game. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  The Suns' decision to play Beasley 21 minutes. 
 
 IN THE ARENA:  Anyone who was dissatisfied with the game, without any questions, can redeem their ticket stub for a rebate equal to the purchase price of the ticket. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH: The Mavericks'  Jae Crowder  had three rebounds in 14 minutes. 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Look for Beasley's days as a starter to come to an end. After signing a 3-year, $18-million deal, Beasley is now shooting 37 percent (27 percent on 3-pointers) and isn't faring better at the defensive end. "More than likely" Beasley will assume a reserve role, Gentry said. "We have to get more production out of that spot." 
 The obvious replacement would be  P.J. Tucker , though Tucker sprained a knee against the Mavs. 
 Also, Gortat has gone south, shooting 5-for-21 in his last three games.  
 
 NOTABLE:  Of the Suns' five straight losses, two have been by four points or fewer and one came in overtime. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Mavericks, Saturday @ Houston, Monday vs. Sacramento and Wednesday @ Boston. For the Suns, Saturday @ L.A. Clippers, Sunday vs. Orlando and Wednesday vs Memphis.  
