  Nuggets-Rockets notebook   By Matt Miller, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday February 15, 2011 12:31AM THE FACTS:  The Denver Nuggets had the Houston Rockets on the ropes but failed to deliver the knockout punch. Before the Nuggets knew it, they were the ones laying down. Courtney Lee  scored a season-high-tying 22 points off the bench as Houston erased a 15-point first-half deficit before cruising to a 121-102 victory Monday at Toyota Center. Reserve guard  Aaron Brooks  added 18 points on 6-for-13 shooting for the Rockets (26-30), who snapped a two-game slide at home. Arron Afflalo  poured in 17 points to lead Denver, which delivered an uninspired effort for most of the final three quarters.  Carmelo Anthony  was limited to 16 points on 4-for-14 shooting and did not play in the fourth quarter. The Nuggets have dropped seven of 10 overall and five of six away from home. Monday's loss, coupled with the Portland Trail Blazers' win in Minnesota, drops Denver (31-25) into eighth place in the Western Conference. QUOTABLE:  "My right shoulder hurts pretty bad. I have a deep contusion. Hopefully, I'll be all right."   -- Anthony THE STAT:  The Rockets' reserves shot 26-for-47 (55.3 percent) overall and outscored Denver's bench 68-40. THE STAT II:  Houston received 19 of its season-high 31 assists from its starting five. The Nuggets' starters dished out only eight assists. TURNING POINT:  Denver led 45-31 with seven minutes left in the second quarter when everything fell apart. Reserves  Chase Budinger , Brooks and Lee supplied the Rockets with some much-needed energy, combining for 21 points on 7-for-7 shooting in the final seven minutes of the first half. The Nuggets, meanwhile, became careless with the ball and did not run the court after turnovers. By the time the second half rolled around, Houston had the tempo in its favor and continued to score in bunches. QUOTABLE II:  "It was the headband. The headband was talking to me. When I missed my first [shot], the headband told me to keep shooting."   -- Brooks, who sported a red headband in Monday's game, on why he looked so much more effective HOT:  The Rockets recovered from a 1-for-9 start from 3-point range, connecting on 13 of their last 23 attempts from long range to finish 14-for-32 (43.8 percent) for the game. NOT:  Anthony saw his run of five consecutive games with at least 25 points come to an end Monday as he sat out the entire fourth quarter. He finished with 16 points on 4-for-14 shooting and routinely stayed around the perimeter, rather than driving to the bucket on every opportunity. His defensive energy was questionable at best, although that could be attributed to playing with a shoulder injury on the second night of a back-to-back. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Lee has scored at least 22 points in two of his last three outings and is averaging 20.3 points on 23-for-39 shooting (59 percent) over the last three games. Despite Lee's upswing, owners should use extreme caution when dealing with any of the Rockets' reserves. Coach  Rick Adelman  will ride the hot hand for a few games, but Lee's playing time is likely to decrease dramatically if his production dips. QUOTABLE III:  "He's really come out aggressive, and he's earned the minutes that he's gotten. ... When he's making shots, he's running the floor like that and making cuts, it helps his teammates. That's what we always talk about. Don't play for yourself. Play for your teammates."   -- Adelman on Lee's recent surge BAD MOVE:  Denver had an opportunity to put Houston away in the first half but simply became lackadaisical and timid on both ends of the court. The Rockets sensed the Nuggets' letdown and took full advantage by climbing back into the game with a 27-9 run over the final seven minutes of the second period. Denver never recovered. ROOKIE WATCH:  Nuggets guard  Gary Forbes  scored seven points on 2-for-3 shooting, dished out one assist and committed two turnovers in 19-plus minutes of action. NOTABLE:  The Nuggets have allowed at least 100 points in 18 consecutive road games. ... Denver fell to 5-11 this season on the road against the Western Conference. ... The Nuggets have lost 14 of their last 19 games in Houston. ... Denver has now lost 11 games in which it held a double-digit lead. ... The Rockets allowed a season-low 14 points in the third quarter. ... Houston has scored at least 60 points in a half 20 times this season. ... The Rockets are now 13-4 when they hit 10 or more 3-pointers. UP NEXT:  For the Nuggets, Wednesday @ Milwaukee (ESPN), Feb. 22 vs. Memphis, Feb. 24 vs. Boston (TNT). For the Rockets, Wednesday vs. Philadelphia, Feb. 22 @ Detroit, Feb. 23 @ Cleveland.  