  Notebook: Heat 89, Hawks 86 Posted Wednesday March 7, 2012 11:29PM By Shandel Richardson, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Guard  Dwyane Wade  hit two free throws and had a key assist in the final 15 seconds to help the Miami Heat defeat the Atlanta Hawks 89-86 Wednesday at AmericanAirlines Arena. Wade hit forward  Udonis Haslem  for an alley-opp that put the Heat ahead 87-84 with 12 seconds remaining. After the Hawks scored on the next possession, Wade made two free throws with 2.7 seconds left. The Hawks had a chance to tie, but guard  Jannero Pargo  missed a 3-pointer from the top of the key as time expired. Heat forward  LeBron James  led the way with a game-high 31 points while Wade finished with 18 points, nine rebounds and six assists. The Heat trailed by 10 with four minutes left in the third quarter before mounting a second-half comeback. They led most of the fourth quarter before the Hawks went on a 9-0 run to take an 80-77 lead, but the Heat scored the next four points to grab the lead for good. Forward  Josh Smith  led the Hawks with 23 points and six rebounds. QUOTABLE:  "That was ugly for awhile. We certainly weren't in a great flow offensively. We missed a lot of open shots, missed some good opportunities and got stagnant a little bit. We were able to push through, grind out the game and make some finishing plays on both ends going down the stretch."   -- Heat coach  Erik Spoelstra THE STAT:  The Heat went to the free throw line nearly three times as much as the Hawks. Miami finished 19-of-25 from the line while Atlanta was just 8-of-9. The Hawks didn't attempt a free throw until four minutes remained in the third quarter. TURNING POINT:  The Heat led by 13 after the first quarter, but blew the game open with an 18-6 run to start the second quarter. Bosh led the spurt by scoring eight points, including a layup that made it 48-23 with 6:25 left. QUOTABLE II:  "There was too big of a discrepancy with the free throws, and then you turn the ball over 22 times. We still had an opportunity going down the stretch, but clearly we didn't make the plays at the end."   -- Hawks coach  Larry Drew HOT:  James finished 12-of-20 from the field and was the Heat's only offensive star. Wade got hot late, but it was James who fueled the third-quarter rally. Most of his production came on the perimeter. NOT:  The Heat were cold from the 3-point line. Although they boast one of the league's best in  Mario Chalmers , they finished 0-of-10 from the arc. The Hawks' ability to hit eight 3-pointers was part of the reason they were able to stay close. GOOD MOVE:  Despite Haslem struggling during the last three games, the Heat went to him twice in the fourth quarter. Haslem hit a key jump shot in the closing stages and also scored the alley-oop to keep the Heat ahead. He finished with eight points on 4-of-6 shooting. BAD MOVE:  The Hawks had too many turnovers, finishing with 22. A large chunk of them came during Miami's 13-0 run in the third quarter. Too many errant passes caused the Hawks to lose control. NOTABLE:  The Heat have won 11 straight at home, the last loss coming Jan. 22 against the Milwaukee Bucks. The Hawks played without  Joe Johnson ,  Willie Green  and  Tracy McGrady . UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Saturday vs. Pacers, Tuesday @ Magic, Wednesday @ Bulls. For the Hawks, Friday @ Pistons, Sunday @ Kings, Tuesday @ Nuggets.  