  Raptors-Pacers notebook   By John Oehser, for NBA.com Posted Monday December 6, 2010 10:29PM THE FACTS:   Brandon Rush   scored a season-high 26 points each as the Indiana Pacers pulled away throughout the first half for a 124-100 victory over the Toronto Raptors at Conseco Fieldhouse in downtown Indianapolis. Rush, a third-year forward, shot 10 of 18 from the field, including 6 of 8 from 3-point range for Indiana, which never trailed and led by as many as 28 in the third quarter. Danny Granger  added 21 points for Indiana, which shot 55.3 percent from the field, including 50 percent from 3-point range. Indiana had four starters shoot over 50 percent from the field, with all five starters in double figures and seven players overall. Jose Calderon  had 21 points for Toronto, which is now 8-13. The Pacers are 10-9. QUOTABLE : "Brandon has a beautiful shot. Larry Bird said to him a couple of weeks ago, 'You're playing like the guy I thought I drafted.' He's playing great.''   -- Pacers coach  Jim O'Brien THE STAT:  O'Brien said a huge reason the Pacers shot 50 percent from 3-point range was good ball movement on offense, particularly in the first half. The Pacers finished with 33 assists. "It was pretty darned good," O' Brien said of the Pacers' ball movement. "All of our guys really were looking for one another. That's fun to watch, fun to coach, when you have that kind of unselfishness." TURNING POINT:  The Pacers led so big so early that the real turning point was a first quarter in which Indiana 51.9 percent -- 3 of 6 from 3-point range -- to take a 13-point lead. Indiana outscored the Raptors 20-5 during one stretch late in the first quarter, extending the lead from from 11-10 to 31-15. Toronto never got the deficit into single digits again. Granger and Rush each hit 3-pointers during the run. "We jumped on them in the beginning and really didn't give them much of a chance," Pacers point guard  Darren Collison  said. QUOTABLE II:  "The threes killed us. All of our cover was to take away the three-point shot. Our guys got caught in screens. You can't let this team shoot threes.''   --  Raptors coach  Jay Triano HOT:  Rush has shown improvement much of the season, and that continued early Monday. The third-year veteran shot 6 of 8 from the field in the first half and was key to the Pacers pulling away for an early lead. He scored 16 points on 6 of 8 first-half shooting and shot 4 of 4 from 3-point range. NOT:  The Raptors didn't shoot horribly, but guard  DeMar DeRozan  shot 33.3 percent, including 1 of 6 from the field in the first three quarters. He finished 3 of 9 from the field. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Having just joined the Pacers in the off-season, Collison has spent a lot of the early part of the season learning just how quickly the ball must be pushed upcourt in the Pacers' offense. But during that learning period, he has shown he can score big given the opportunity. On Monday, he finished with one assist, but also had 17 points, including eight in the fourth quarter to help the Pacers clinch the victory. NOTABLE : Second-year forward  Tyler Hansbrough  was a "Did Not Play ? Coaches Decision" in two of the Pacers' last five games, and O'Brien said Hansbrough is still developing after missing much of his rookie season with injuries. The 2009 first-round draft selection has scored four, two and two points in his last three games. "I consider Tyler a rookie because of what he went through last year," O'Brien said before the game. "It's taken Tyler some time. Once he gets it, he'll have it the rest of his NBA career and he'll be a very, very productive basketball player." Hansbrough entered Monday's game in the fourth quarter and finished with four points and a rebound. . . .Rush's 26 points were the most off the bench for a Pacers player this season. . . . The Pacers have made 10 or more 3-pointers in a game seven times this season. . . . The Pacers' victory moved them a game over .500. They didn't win their 10th game until the 33rd game of last season. "Our guys weren't happy about what happened on the West Coast," O'Brien said of a just-completed four-game road trip on which Indiana finished 2-2 with a victory over the defending NBA Champion Los Angeles Lakers. "The good thing is the guys in the locker room are not happy with being 10-9." UP NEXT:  For the Raptors, Wednesday @ New York, Friday vs. Denver, Saturday @ Detroit. For the Pacers, Wednesday @ Milwaukee, Friday vs. Charlotte, Saturday @ Atlanta.  