  Notebook: Timberwolves 87, Spurs 79   By Phil Miller, for NBA.com Posted Saturday January 28, 2012 12:11AM THE FACTS:   Ricky Rubio  scored nine of his 20 points in the fourth quarter, and the Timberwolves held San Antonio to one basket in the game's final seven minutes on Friday, helping Minnesota win for the fifth time in seven games with an 87-79 victory over the Spurs. Coupled with the Wolves' 10-point victory on Jan. 2, Minnesota has clinched the season series against the Spurs for the first time since the 1999-2000 season. Kevin Love  notched his 18th double-double of the season with 18 points and 16 rebounds, one of four Timberwolves to reach double digits.  Tony Parker  led all scorers with 20 points, but San Antonio's offense fizzled down the stretch. Reserve guard  Gary Neal  hit a three-pointer with 3:33 to play that put the Spurs in front by two, 79-77. But San Antonio went 0-for-7 from that point and never scored again, as Rubio and Love led Minnesota on a decisive 10-0 run to close out the victory. The last time the Wolves beat San Antonio in consecutive games in the same season was in 2000. QUOTABLE:  "We had to do it before the Mayan calendar ran out."   -- Love on beating the Spurs in back-to-back games in the same season for the first time since 2000. THE STAT:  50 -- Points in the paint by the Wolves, nearly double San Antonio's 26 and a reflection of how Minnesota forced the Spurs to repeatedly settle for outside shots. TURNING POINT:  The Timberwolves led by one point with just under six minutes to play when  Rick Adelman  returned his starting lineup to the floor and exhorted them to shut off the Spurs' scoring inside. From that point on, San Antonio made only one basket, a 3-point shot by  Gary Neal ,  going 1-for-9 while the Wolves pulled away with two layups, two dunks and a couple of jumpers, going on a 12-5 run to the finish. QUOTABLE II:  "When I took off, I was going to lay it up, but I just kept going higher. I got so high, I was going to throw it down, but I got the T-Rex arms."   -- Minnesota forward  Martell Webster , on missing a dunk during his first game back from back surgery. HOT:  It's a mark of how well Love has been playing lately that an 18-point, 16-rebound effort seems like a letdown. But Love had averaged 35 points and 11.5 rebounds in his last two games. Friday's effort was his NBA-leading 18th double-double of the season. NOT:  Spurs forward  Tim Duncan  was held to single-digits for the second straight game, scoring only nine points on 2-for-12 shooting, including 0-for-7 over the game's final 34 minutes. Duncan is 5-for-19 with 15 points over his last two games. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Three members of the Minnesota Twins' starting lineup -- third baseman  Danny Valencia , and outfielders  Ben Revere  and  Denard Span  -- received ovations as they arrived at their seats near midcourt. ... Several Wolves fans carried signs reading "Four More Years," in recognition of Love signing a four-year, $60 million contract on Wednesday. GOOD MOVE:  When  Darko Milicic  came down with the flu Friday afternoon, coach Adelman decided to insert  Nikola Pekovic  into the starting lineup for the first time this year, and assigned him to guard Duncan. Pekovic committed five fouls, but pushed Duncan into one of his worst games of the season, a 2-for-12 shooting night, and 0-for-3 in the fourth quarter. Meanwhile, the second-year center scored 14 points and matched Duncan's 10 rebounds for just the second double-double of his career. BAD MOVE:  With neither team able to pull away through three quarters, point guard  Tony Parker  tried to shoot the Spurs to victory, taking seven of San Antonio's 18 field-goal attempts in the fourth quarter. But he attacked the basket for only two of the shots, making both; the other five were from long range, where he went 1-for-5 in the period as the Spurs managed only 15 fourth-quarter points. ROOKIE WATCH:   Rubio was his usual passing-wizard self, piling up 10 assists, including an amazing no-look wraparound toss to Love for a dunk. It marked the fourth straight game Rubio reached double-digits in assists. But Rubio also broke out of a shooting slump by going 7-for-12 from the field for 18 points; the rookie was 13-for-57 (.223) in his previous five games. NOTABLE:   Michael Beasley  played for the first time since Jan. 6, coming off the bench to score seven points on 3-for-11 shooting in 22 minutes. Beasley missed 11 games with a sprained left foot.  Adelman said it's too early to tell whether Beasley will reclaim his starting role. ... Guard  Luke Ridnour  was 2-for-8 for five points after sitting out Wednesday's victory in Dallas with a sore knee. ...  Webster scored three points, making his only 3-point try, in his first game back from September back surgery. ... Center  Brad Miller  dressed for the first time this season, having been cleared to play after May knee surgery, but he did not see action. ... San Antonio rookie  Kawhi Leonard's  scoring slump continued; he went just 1-for-4 from the floor for two points. After scoring in double figures in six straight games midway through January, the starting guard has been held under 10 in his last six outings, and has made only 10-of-32 (.313) shots in that span. UP NEXT:  For the Spurs, Sunday @ Dallas, Monday @ Memphis, Wednesday vs. Rockets. For the Timberwolves, Sunday vs. Lakers, Monday @ Houston, Wednesday vs. Pacers.  