  Kings-Blazers notebook   By Kerry Eggers, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday January 25, 2011 1:33AM THE FACTS:   Tyreke Evans  collected 26 points, six rebounds and six assists to lift Sacramento past Portland 96-81, ending the Trail Blazers' five-game win streak.  Carl Landry  added 16 points and eight boards off the bench for the Kings (10-32), who had lost four in a row and seven of eight.  Wesley Matthews  scored 21 for Portland (25-21), which had won eight straight in its series with Sacramento. QUOTABLE:  "We just didn't seem like we came with that edge we've been playing with lately. We didn't look hungry. It was like we thought we could flip a switch."    -- Portland coach  Nate McMillan THE STAT:  Sacramento scored 31 points on 19 Portland turnovers, a season high for the Blazers. TURNING POINT:  The Kings led 83-79 with four minutes to play, then scored the game's next seven points to put it out of reach. QUOTABLE II:  "Tyreke Evans showed how he can play when his feet don't hurt as bad."    -- Sacramento coach  Paul Westphal HOT:  Sacramento's  DeMarcus Cousins , who scored seven points early, finished 6-for-9 from the field and had 14 points and eight rebounds in only 15 minutes. NOT:  Portland's  LaMarcus Aldridge , who had nine points and seven rebounds, failed to reach double figures in scoring for the first time since Dec. 5. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Evans had the great numbers -- 26 points, six rebounds, six assists. If you're counting turnovers, he had a half-dozen of them as well. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Half of the proceeds from sales of the No. 8 jersey of Aussie guard  Patty Mills  -- along with that of his best friend, teammate  Rudy Fernandez 's No. 5 -- for Portland's final five home games in January will go to the Australian Floods Relief Fund. On Australia Day, Wednesday, the Trail Blazers will also auction off autographed jerseys from the men's and women's World Championship teams at a function for season ticket-holders to benefit the fund. GOOD MOVE:  Westphal chose to single-cover Aldridge most of the way, much of the time with 6-11 reserve  Samuel Dalembert . Dalembert blocked four shots and was a presence on the defensive end. BAD MOVE:  Cousins tried to go coast to coast after getting a loose ball at the free-throw line. He traveled at least a couple of times before he got to the other end, one of his four turnovers. NOTABLE:  Both teams had high numbers in turnovers (Portland 19, Sacramento 18) and offensive rebounds (Portland 18, Sacramento 16). The real difference: The Kings shot .500 from the field, the Blazers .395. UP NEXT:  For the Blazers, Thursday vs. Boston, Tuesday vs. San Antonio, Wednesday @ Denver. For the Kings, Tuesday vs. Charlotte, Friday @ L.A. Lakers, Saturday vs. New Orleans.  