Notebook: Suns 114, Lakers 108 
 
 
 Dan Arritt, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Dec 11, 2013 2:20 AM - Updated Wed Dec 11, 2013 2:20 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Suns made at least seven 3-pointers for the 13th consecutive game, their longest streak since going 14 straight during the 2007-08 season. 
 
 THE LEAD:  It wasn't just the dual point guards that gave the Lakers trouble Tuesday night. The twin forwards for the Suns were equally problematic. The starting backcourt of  Goran Dragic  and  Eric Bledsoe  combined for 49 points and brothers  Marcus  and  Markieff Morris  combined for 37 off the bench as the Suns won their season-high third straight game, 114-108, at Staples Center. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "When they get in between the lines they don't care if they're on the road or in the gym down the street."    
 
 -- Phoenix coach  Jeff Hornacek 
 
 
 THE STAT:  In his second game back from a torn Achilles tendon,  Kobe Bryant  led the Lakers with 20 points, becoming the 10th player for L.A. to lead the team in scoring this season. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Lakers trimmed a 14-point third-quarter deficit to one later in the quarter and were still within two early in the fourth when Marcus Morris hit a jumper and  Gerald Green  scored his only points with a 3-pointer, pushing the lead back to seven. Bryant and  Pau Gasol  checked back into the game with 6:11 remaining and the Lakers down six, but they couldn't get the deficit any closer than four. The Suns finally sealed the win when Marcus Morris sank another jumper and Dragic followed with a fast-break layup off a blocked shot to push the lead back to eight. 
 
 HOT:  Dragic scored 31 points for the third time this season, finishing one point off his career high. He shot 9-for-18 from the field, 11-for-11 from the free-throw line and chipped in five assists. Marcus Morris missed his career high by two points, scoring 22 points on 10-for-13 shooting, swishing both his 3-point attempts. Bryant scored his first points on his first dunk of the season and finished 6-for-11 from the floor in 29 minutes, one more than he played in Sunday's season debut against the Raptors. 
 
 NOT:  For the second straight game, the Lakers struggled to score at the start of the game and again to open the second half. The Suns scored 10 straight points after  Steve Blake  gave the Lakers their only lead with a 3-pointer to open the game. The Lakers then came out in the second half and gave up the first nine points to fall behind by 14 and leave an uphill climb the rest of the way. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "It's a learning experience. When you have a young team you have to remember that it's a marathon, not a sprint." 
 
 -- Kobe Bryant 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  The Suns came in leading the NBA in fast-break points at 20 a game and knew the Lakers don't have a lot of backcourt speed in their starting lineup. Lakers coach  Mike D'Antoni  tried to counter that by moving  Jodie Meeks  into the starting lineup at shooting guard and sliding Bryant to small forward, but Phoenix still managed 21 fast-break points, giving them 12 games with at least 20 such points this season after reaching that mark 12 times all of last season. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  D'Antoni's decision to go with a smaller lineup didn't prevent many fast breaks and also left the Lakers hurting in the rebound department. Phoenix out-rebounded L.A. 43-33, getting 11 from 6-foot-6 forward  P.J. Tucker . Gasol, despite being six inches taller than Tucker, could only manage five rebounds. Meanwhile, Lakers 7-footer  Robert Sacre,  who started the last two games at center, didn't even make an appearance in the game.  
 
 NOTABLE:  The home team had won the previous nine games in the series. ... The Lakers came in with the highest-scoring bench in the NBA (48.1) but were outscored by the Suns, 44-43. ... The Lakers used their ninth different starting lineup this season and no position has had the same starter every game.  
 
 UP NEXT:   For the Lakers, Friday @ Oklahoma City, Saturday @ Charlotte, Monday @ Atlanta. For the Suns, Friday vs. Sacramento, Sunday vs. Golden State, Dec. 19 vs. San Antonio. 
