  Thunder-Wolves notebook   By Tom Coyer, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday January 26, 2011 11:37PM THE FACTS:   Kevin Durant  carried the Oklahoma City Thunder to a 118-117 overtime road win over the Minnesota Timberwolves. The NBA's leading scorer recorded 47 points and added a career high 18 rebounds helping the Thunder to snap a three-game, road losing streak.  Jeff Green  and  Russell Westbrook  added 19 and 16 points respectively but it was Durant making big shot after big shot in the final minutes of the game that really held off the Timberwolves for the win. Minnesota's  Kevin Love  grabbed 21 rebounds to go with his 31 points in the losing effort. QUOTABLE:  "I didn't score in the fourth quarter last game so coming into this game that was something I tried to put an emphasis on. I was just trying to help my teammates out in the fourth a little better and get better shots. Russell [Westbrook] did a great job of setting me up and I was able to make plays."   -- Durant, in their loss to New Orleans two days prior Durant missed all five shots he took in the fourth quarter.  THE STAT:  Free throws win games and Oklahoma City shot 96.3 percent from the free-throw line making 26-for-27. In a game that went to overtime and was ultimately a one point win for the Thunder this was the game-winning stat. TURNING POINT:  The final four minutes of the game saw these teams exchanging big basket after big basket. Even the overtime period never saw a two possession lead for only a brief period. Ultimately the turning point was a missed free throw by  Corey Brewer  with 7.6 remaining in overtime. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  It should come as no surprise to fantasy players that Love filled up the box score yet again. The Wolves forward scored 31 points, grabbed 21 rebounds and shot 3-for-3 from behind the three-point line. NOTABLE:  Coming into Wednesday's game, Durant was carrying a streak of 35 made three throws. That streak extended to 45 before missing a fourth-quarter free throw, the only miss from the line for the Thunder. UP NEXT:  For the Thunder, Friday vs. Wizards, Sunday vs. Heat, Wednesday vs. New Orleans. For the Timberwolves, Friday @ Jazz, Saturday vs. Raptors, Wednesday vs. Grizzlies  