Notebook: Nets 93, Hawks 80 
 
 
 Matt Winkeljohn, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Mar 09, 2013 10:24 PM - Updated Sat Mar 09, 2013 10:24 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:  Atlanta's eight-game home winning streak against the Nets was shattered Saturday, and Brooklyn didn't need a fabulous performance from  Deron Williams  or anyone else in a 93-80 win over the lead-legged Hawks. 
 
 Brook Lopez  and  Andray Blatche  scored 18 points each, and Williams -- who shot 11-for-16 on 3-pointers while scoring 42 points in Friday's win over the Wizards -- added 17.  
 Like Atlanta, Brooklyn (37-26) played Friday but only the Hawks looked weary as the Nets doubled them up 28-14 in the second quarter to take over what had been a tie game. Williams was 2-for-7 on long balls Saturday as the Nets won their third straight.  
 One night after playing hard only to lose in overtime in Boston, Atlanta trailed 51-37 at halftime, and never pulled closer than 11 points and trailed by as many as 23.  
 After losing for the fifth time in six games, Atlanta (34-28) is alone in seventh, 2.5 games ahead of eighth-place Milwaukee -- and staring a game Tuesday in Miami. 
 
 Al Horford  had 15 points and 12 rebounds for the Hawks, but that was well below his 23.6-point average over the previous 12 games, and point guard  Jeff Teague  scored just seven after averaging 26.5 over the previous two.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "Both teams played last night, but we were lucky in that our game was over early and [the Hawks] had to play into overtime on the road. That was a big advantage for us." --  Nets interim coach  P.J. Carlesimo. 
 
 
 THE STAT:  20-8 -- The Nets had 12 steals (to Atlanta's three) and outscored the Hawks 20-8 in points off turnovers to offset similar statistics in several categories.  
 The Hawks actually had one more rebound than Brooklyn, shot 41.6 percent to the Nets' 43.4, made just one less 3-pointer, were even in points in the paint, had one more second-chance point, and outscored the Nets 18-7 in fast break points. Atlanta, though, had 17 turnovers to Brooklyn's nine. 
 
 TURNING POINT:   Tied at 23 after one quarter, the Nets seized this one in the second quarter and their bench and Atlanta's turnovers made the difference. 
 As Brooklyn outscored Atlanta 28-14, subs  Keith Bogans  (six points),  Blatche (four),  C.J. Watson  (four) and  Mirza Teletovic  (three) outpaced the Hawks' bench 17-4. The Nets' third straight victory was cemented as they scored nine points off five Atlanta turnovers in the period, and the Hawks did not score off a Brooklyn turnover.  
 The Nets did it with the long ball as Bogans made a pair of 3-pointers in the period, Teletovic hit one and so did Williams. 
 Atlanta missed all three 3-pointers in the quarter, and shot just 7-for-23 (30.4 percent) in the period.  
 After jumping out to an 11-1, the Hawks were outscored 50-26 over the remainder of the first half.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We made shots. We did a good job moving the ball. We got in transition and got some easy baskets. [Then] we kind of ran out of gas throughout the remainder of the game." --  Hawks guard  Devin Harris , on what happened after a fast start. 
 
 
 HOT:  With a battery of half hooks and post moves, Lopez scored 12 points in the third quarter on 6-for-9 shooting. . . .  Joe Johnson  and Blatche each had four steals for Brooklyn. . . . Blatche shot 9-for-11.  
 
 NOT:  Teague missed all five of his shots in the first half, going scoreless. . . . Former Hawk Johnson missed all five of his 3-point tries, and in two games this season in Atlanta he's 0-for-9 from distance. He scored eight points Saturday, and is 8-for-28 overall in the two games in Atlanta. . . . Hawks subs  DeShawn Stevenson  and  Anthony Tolliver  went scoreless in a combined 27 minutes. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Taking down center  Johan Petro  didn't work for Atlanta. He scored 10 points in the first quarter while making his second straight start, and the Hawks were tied at 23 with Brooklyn. He played just 2:33 in the second quarter, when the Nets ran away, and Hawks coach  Larry Drew  did not start him in the second half.   
 
 NOTABLE:  With  Zaza Pachulia  missing his fourth straight game because of a sore right Achilles' tendon, the Hawks are compromised as they head into a stiff schedule. Beginning with Tuesday's game at Miami, the Hawks will not have more than one day off between games until after their April 6 game at San Antonio -- a stretch of 16 games.  
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "Without Zaza out there, we wanted to go down low some more. He's a big part of what they do defensively filling up the lane." --  Lopez. 
 
 
 QUOTABLE IV:  As I told the guys, we will have to push throught it . . . it's going to be important that we take care of ourselves physically." --  Drew. 
 
 
 ROOKIE REPORT:  Atlanta's  John Jenkins  scored all 10 of his points in the fourth quarter, and added three rebounds, an assist and a blocked shot.  
 
 UP NEXT:   For the Nets, Monday @ Philadelphia, Tuesday vs. New Orleans, Sunday vs. Atlanta. For the Hawks, Tuesday @ Miami, Wednesday vs. Lakers, Friday vs. Phoenix.  
