  Notebook: Magic 93, Cavaliers 80 Posted Friday March 23, 2012 11:05PM By Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The Orlando Magic came out smoking, hitting 13 of their first 20 shots including five 3-pointers, and led from the middle of the first quarter on in a 93-80 victory over the Cleveland Cavaliers. Ryan Anderson  scored 13 of his game-high 17 points in the first half, and  Dwight Howard  added 16 points and 13 rebounds for the Magic. Antawn Jamison  led the Cavaliers with 16 points. THE STAT:  The Magic had 24 assists (seven each for  Hedo Turkoglu  and  Jameer Nelson ) on 37 field goals. QUOTABLE:  "We moved the ball and that's when we play the best."  --  Anderson. TURNING POINT:  His Magic teammates were "screaming and yelling" at Turkoglu (his words) after he gave up an easy layup to  Alonzo Gee  in the first quarter. The Magic outscored the Cavs by 25-10 over the rest of the period. QUOTABLE II:  "That's how you become a team. We've got to help each other. Guys are going to make mistakes and you've got to recover and not do it again. In that situation we had to be on the same page and we just moved on."  --  Turkoglu. HOT:  Howard made 7-of-8 shots and is shooting 69 percent in his last 13 games. NOT:  The Cavs shot 38 percent overall and made only 4-of-18 from behind the arc. QUOTABLE III:  "It was one of those games where I thought: 'It's not Wall Street, it's not the stock market.' You can't have the lulls we had."  --  Cleveland head coach  Byron Scott . GOOD MOVE:  Showing signs of fatigue, Howard played 31 minutes, seven below his average and the fewest he has played since Feb. 13 when he logged only 25 foul-plagued minutes against Minnesota. BAD MOVE:  Howard had three fouls late in the third quarter when 7-foot  Semih Erden  beat him to an offensive rebound. But instead of challenging the shot blocker and possibly drawing a significant foul by attacking the rim, Erden put a weak attempt off the glass and missed. IN THE ARENA:  Atlanta Braves manager  Fredi Gonzalez  and former Braves manager  Bobby Cox  attended the game as guests of Magic head coach  Stan Van Gundy . The Braves train about 15 miles from the Amway Center. ROOKIE WATCH: Kyrie Irving  had 13 points and six assists on his 20th birthday while  Tristan Thompson , matched up against Howard in only his fourth NBA start, put up 15 points and 11 rebounds. NOTABLE:  The Magic have beaten the Cavs eight straight times, including twice this season . . . Cavs guard  Daniel Gibson  missed a second straight tame with a sprained left ankle . . . The Magic have 96 turnovers in their last five games. UP NEXT:  For the Cavaliers, Sunday vs. Phoenix, Tuesday @ Philadelphia, Wednesday vs. Detroit. For the Magic, Monday @ Toronto, Wednesday @ New York, Friday vs. Dallas.  