  Raptors-Pistons notebook   By Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday March 16, 2011 10:59PM THE FACTS:   Richard Hamilton  had a game-high 24 points and  Tayshaun Prince  added 22 as the Detroit Pistons rolled past the Toronto Raptors Wednesday night at The Palace 107-93.  Rodney Stuckey  had a career-high 14 assists for the Pistons, who snapped a three-game losing streak and won the season series from the Raptors 3-1. QUOTABLE:  "I passed up a couple of shots when I should have shot the ball but I was just looking for my teammates. It's just the way the game developed. A lot of people don't know I'm a good passer, so I tried to showcase that tonight."    -- Rodney Stuckey on racking up 14 assists while attempting just one shot. Stuckey, Detroit's leading scorer, came off the bench for just the seventh time this season. THE STAT:  109.8. The Pistons, who rank 24th in scoring, averaged 109.8 points while going 3-1 against Toronto this season. Detroit, which lost a 25-point lead in the second half during the previous meeting at The Palace, shot 51.9 percent from the field Wedneday. TURNING POINT:  Pistons head coach  John Kuester  went old school while constructing his 18th starting lineup this season. He started his four oldest players --  Ben Wallace , Hamilton,  Tracy McGrady  and Prince -- along with rookie  Greg Monroe . That group produced a 38-point first quarter, the club's highest-scoring first quarter of the season, and the Pistons led the rest of the way. QUOTABLE II:  "No matter who starts, if you get off to a good start like we did, it sets the tone for the game. If you've got a guy like Ben Wallace out there protecting the paint and doing things for us defensively, blocking shots and rebounding the basketball, it allows us to get out and run, take some gambles and do some different things."    -- Tayshaun Prince on Detroit's quick start. HOT:  Hamilton, whom many felt would never play for Detroit again after he was benched by Kuester, had his highest-scoring performance since he had 35 points against the Raptors Dec. 22. He is averaging 19.8 points over the last four games. NOT:  Raptors rookie  Ed Davis , the No. 13 pick in last June's draft, was completely outplayed by Detroit's Greg Monroe, the No. 7 pick. Monroe had 21 points, 10 rebounds and five assists while Davis managed just two points and five rebounds. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Raptors reserve guard  Leandro Barbosa  contributed 18 points and is averaged 18.2 points over the last five games. ROOKIE WATCH:  Monroe, making a strong push for the All-Rookie Team, notched his eighth double-double since the All-Star break. He has a team-high 15. NOTABLE:  Stuckey became the first Piston to ever record at least 10 assists before taking a shot. The last NBA player to do that was Indiana's  Jamaal Tinsley  against Detroit on April 3, 2007. ... Hamilton learned Wednesday that his grandfather had died. He will miss practice Thursday and is questionable to play Friday against New York. ... Wallace played in his first game since Feb. 23. He missed eight games after the death of his brother. .... Detroit's 33 assists was a season high. ... Center  Andrea Bargnani  led Toronto with 20 points. UP NEXT:  For the Raptors, Friday vs. Washington, Sunday @ Oklahoma City, Monday @ Denver. For the Pistons, Friday vs. New York, Sunday @ Atlanta, Wednesday vs. Miami.  