Notebook: Clippers 106, Celtics 77 
 
 
 Dan Arritt, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Dec 28, 2012 2:21 AM - Updated Fri Dec 28, 2012 2:21 AM 
 
 THE FACTS:   Looking to extend their franchise-best winning streak to 15 games, the Clippers took on the last NBA team to put together such a streak, the legendary Boston Celtics. L.A. didn't bother easing itself into the game against the league's most storied franchise, instead bolting to a double-digit lead after the first 4 ½ minutes Thursday night and never trailing in the in the 106-77 victory at Staples Center. 
 
 THE STAT:   L.A's margin of victory was the largest over the Celtics in franchise history, surpassing the 23-point win six years ago Wednesday. The loss was also the worst for Boston since a 32-point defeat last March against the 76ers, which represented the worst defeat in the Big 3 era of  Paul Pierce ,  Kevin Garnett  and  Ray Allen . 
 
 QUOTABLE:   "I'm a big believer in we can't look ahead. We've got to be professional, we've got to be prepared, we've got to be locked in to what we want to do and how we want to do it." 
 -- Clippers coach  Vinny Del Negro 
 
 
 TURNING POINT:   The Clippers sank seven of their first 10 shots to build a 16-4 lead and 9-for-13 to extend the advantage to 21-6 with 5:41 still remaining in the first quarter. The Celtics got as close as four early in the second before an 8-0 by the Clippers over the next 85 seconds pushed the lead back to double digits. Boston never got closer than nine the rest of the way. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:   "We were able to get off to a good start. I thought our starters had a good first quarter and then our bench came in and weathered the storm." 
 -- Vinny Del Negro 
 
 
 HOT:   The play off the bench by  Jamal Crawford ,  Lamar Odom  and  Matt Barnes  continues to outshine that of All-Star teammates  Chris Paul  and  Blake Griffin . Barnes scored 21 points, his ninth consecutive game in double digits, and matched his season high with five 3-pointers on nine attempts. Crawford, who came into the game leading the league in bench scoring at 16.1, scored 17 points, and Odom had a season-high 13 rebounds to go with four points, five assists and four blocked shots. Odom's rebound total was the most since he had 14 as a member of the Lakers in April 2011. 
 
 NOT:   Celtics rookie forward  Jared Sullinger  matched his season high with 16 points in a 93-76 win against the Nets on Christmas Day, but he was no match for the speed and athleticism of L.A's big men, leaving him in constant foul trouble. The 6-foot-9, 290-pounder picked up two fouls in his first 3:20 of playing time, was called for his third four minutes after checking into the game in the second quarter, then was whistled for No. 4 on a flagrant-1 foul against Griffin shortly after checking into the game in the third. He eventually fouled out for the second time in the last three games, finishing with four points and five rebounds. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Odom's best sequence came in the third quarter. He knocked the ball loose from Pierce as he tried to make a spin move at the top of the key, resulting in a dog pile that eventually resulted in a jump ball. Griffin won the tip and Paul hit a 3-pointer on the other end to give the Clippers their biggest lead at the time, 76-57. Odom then blocked Pierce's layup attempt, resulting in another jump ball. The Clippers won that too, leading to a basket by Caron Butler that pushed the lead to 21.  
 
 BAD MOVE:   The Celtics continue to start  Jason Collins  at center, but the 34-year-old is nothing more than a screen setter. He did not have a shot attempt in 18 minutes and collected just one rebound. Since moving into the starting lineup Dec. 21 against the Bucks, he has taken just five shots and scored a total of six points. A better option would be to move Garnett to center and start  Brandon Bass  at power forward.   
 
 NOTABLE:   The Celtics won 19 straight early in the 2008-09 season. ... The Clippers are 17-0 when Barnes scores in double figures off the bench. ... The Clippers have won 11 games during their winning streak by 12 points or more. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Friday @ Utah, Sunday vs. Utah, Tuesday @ Denver. For the Celtics, Saturday @ Golden State, Sunday @ Sacramento, Wednesday vs. Memphis. 
