Notebook: Suns 97, Rockets 88 
 
 
 Matt Miller, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Dec 04, 2013 11:55 PM - Updated Wed Dec 04, 2013 11:55 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Houston Rockets lost a December home game for only the sixth time since 2008.  
 
 THE LEAD:  The Phoenix Suns learned the lesson the injury-riddled Memphis Grizzlies taught them one night prior, as they pounced on a banged-up Houston squad for a 97-88 victory Wednesday at Toyota Center.  
 
 Eric Bledsoe  led all scorers with 20 points and handed out seven assists, while  P.J. Tucker  finished with 18 points, six rebounds and four steals to go with a dominant defensive performance in his matchup with Rockets guard  James Harden  (3-for-17).  Goran Dragic , a former Houston player, added 19 points and four thefts for Phoenix (10-9), which has won four of its last six on the road. 
 
 Dwight Howard  paced the Rockets with a double-double of 15 points and 18 rebounds, but it was hardly enough to keep Houston (13-7) from watching its six-game home winning streak come to a crashing halt.  Aaron Brooks  scored 17 points and distributed six dimes, while fellow reserve  Omri Cassp i  chipped in 17 points and seven boards. 
 QUOTABLE: "I think the guys remembered [Tuesday's game]. Maybe they learned a little lesson from that." 
 -- Suns coach  Jeff Hornacek 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Phoenix, which entered Wednesday 0-4 this season when playing on the second night of a back-to-back set, earned its first victory on the concluding end of consecutive games. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Suns closed the third quarter on an 8-0 run to extend their lead to 73-61, but the Rockets quickly put together a 10-0 spurt at the start of the fourth by holding Phoenix scoreless over its first eight possessions in the period. The Suns were not fazed by this drought, though, as they proceeded to score on six of their next seven possessions to grab an 85-74 advantage and put Houston out of striking distance.   
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "They got really aggressive on defense. They denied us everywhere and made it really difficult for us just to make plays and move the ball to our guards. It really bothered us."  
 -- Rockets forward  Terrence Jones  
 
 
 HOT:  Bledsoe shook off a rough 4-for-13 performance in Memphis on Tuesday, knocking down seven of 14 shot attempts Wednesday to record his first 20-point outing since Nov. 13. The 6-foot-1 guard seems to be hitting his stride again after missing most of the second half of November with a shin injury.  
 
 NOT:  Phoenix's spirited defensive effort discombobulated the Rockets' usually powerful offense in the first half, as the Suns limited Houston to 29.8 percent shooting (14-for-47) overall, including 2-for-13 shooting from behind the arc, and forced 12 turnovers that led to 20 Phoenix points. For the first time in nearly a month, the Rockets have failed to reach 30 points in a quarter for two straight contests.  
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "We didn't move the ball. We didn't move our bodies. They got up on us and started denying passes. We didn't go back door. We didn't drive all the different screens. When we did drive, we took wild shots. ... We did not play very good, and that's the bottom line." 
 -- Houston coach  Kevin McHale  
 
 
 NOT II:  Howard has not surpassed the 15-point mark for seven consecutive games.  
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Hornacek made sure Tucker was on the court whenever Harden was, and Tucker proved to be a more-than-reliable stopper. The fifth-year guard frustrated the Rockets' top scorer into five turnovers and a dismal 3-for-17 effort from the field. Harden's inability to execute as a playmaker created problems for his teammates, who were fairly anemic on the offensive end as well. Houston finished with a season low in points.  
 
 QUOTABLE IV:  "He's so good once he gets into the lane and starts making shots ... so the mindset going in is just trying to be physical with him, trying to get him in tough spots, trying to make him take tough shots." 
 -- Tucker  
 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Perhaps the players were feeling the spirit of giving that spreads during this holiday season, because neither club could get out of its own way at times. The Rockets and Suns combined for 43 turnovers in a game that included a sloppy 13-giveaway third period.  
 
 NOTABLE:  Houston forward  Chandler Parsons  missed his second game in a row with back spasms, and the Rockets announced Wednesday that reserve center  Omer Asik  will miss at least one week with a bruised right thigh. Houston was already without the services of  Jeremy Lin  (knee) and  Greg Smith  (knee). ... Suns reserve center  Alex Len  (ankle) missed his eighth game in a row and 15th contest of this season. ... ... Basketball Passport founder  Peter Robert Casey  attended Wednesday's affair, which was stop No. 28 in his tour of all 29 NBA arenas in 30 nights. ... The Rockets' streak of five-plus games without trailing at Toyota Center came to a halt early in this one when  Miles Plumlee  converted a put-back to give Phoenix a 4-2 advantage. Before that, Houston had not faced a deficit in front of the home crowd since the first extra session of its double-overtime victory over the Raptors on Nov. 11. ... The Suns have drained at least seven 3-point attempts in 11 consecutive contests. ... Phoenix, which had recorded less than five steals in two of its last three games, finished with 13 thefts. ... The Suns have scored at least 20 fast-break points in 11 of 19 games this season. ... Phoenix had lost in four of its previous five trips to Toyota Center. ... The Rockets fell to 2-5 when their opponent connects on more 3-point attempts.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Suns: Friday vs. Toronto, Tuesday @ L.A. Lakers, Dec. 13 vs. Sacramento. For the Rockets: Friday vs. Golden State, Sunday vs. Orlando, Dec. 12 @ Portland. 
