  Bucks-Thunder notebook   By Randy Renner, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday April 13, 2011 11:33PM THE FACTS:  In what became a battle of the benches the Milwaukee Bucks rallied from 13 points down to tie the Oklahoma City Thunder and send the game into overtime. The Bucks then outscored the Thunder by four in the extra frame to win 110-106. Milwaukee had been 1-18 in games when they shot less than 50 percent, the Bucks shot 45.5 percent against OKC.  Brandon Jennings  led the way for Milwaukee with 16 points. Seven other Bucks also got into double figures. Thunder point guard  Russell Westbrook  led all scorers with 20 points in just 21 minutes.  Kevin Durant  didn't play very much either, just 23 minutes, and scored 14 points. Durant though does win the NBA scoring title for the second straight season.  Nazr Mohammed  had a double-double with 12 points and 10 rebounds. The Bucks season ended Wednesday. The Thunder move on to the playoffs and will host Denver this weekend. QUOTABLE:  "It feels good to be the scoring champ again. I think a lot of people expected me to do that. But I couldn't have done it without my teammates and what they've done to help me this season."   -- Kevin Durant THE STAT:  In the fourth quarter the Bucks rallied from 10 points down by shooting 11-for-17 (64.7 percent) and holding the Thunder to just 8-for-23 (34.8 percent) TURNING POINT:  The Thunder led by 13 in the third quarter and started to relax. The bench players could not hold the lead the starters gave them. Oklahoma City played careless with the ball turning it over 24 times during the game. QUOTABLE II:  "It's not the way we wanted to finish the regular season but we're excited about the playoffs and hosting the first two games. We're one of jut 16 teams that have a chance to win a championship. You play the game for this type of opportunity."   -- Thunder head coach  Scott Brooks HOT:  In the first half, Milwaukee's  Michael Redd  was 4-for-6... Wesbrook was 3-for-5...OKC and Milwaukee combined to go 16-for-18 at the free-throw line...For the game, the Bucks'  Ersan Ilyasova  was 5-for-8...Westbrook finished 7-for-9. NOT:  Also in the first half, Durant was 2-for-7 and the Bucks' Jennings was 1-for-6...For the game, OKC's  Nate Robinson  was 2-for-11...Milwaukee's  Drew Gooden  was 4-for-13. INSIDE THE ARENA:  The Thunder unveiled the Northwest Division Championship banner before another sold-out house inside Oklahoma City Arena. GOOD MOVE:  Durant with a couple of nice defensive plays on consecutive Milwaukee possessions early in the game. First he steps into the passing lane and intercepts a pass from Jennings. On the next possession Durant blocks a shot by Jennings. GOOD MOVE TOO:  Westbrook pokes the ball away from Milwaukee guard  Keyon Dooling , sprints away to the basket and slams it home. Dooling sprains an ankle trying to catch Westbrook and did not return to the game. BAD MOVE:  Late in the game, Redd tried to hit teammate  Larry Sanders  along the baseline but instead he fired his pass too high and hard for Sanders to handle. The ball sailed into the crowd. NOTABLE:  Durant wrapped up his second straight NBA scoring title. UP NEXT:  For the Bucks, season finished. For the Thunder, the playoffs are next.  