Notebook: Grizzlies 99, Warriors 93 
 
 
 Marlon W. Morgan, For NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Feb 09, 2013 12:02 AM - Updated Sat Feb 09, 2013 12:02 AM 
 
 THE FACTS : It's been a while since the Memphis Grizzlies played with passion and energy on both ends of the floor. Doing so Friday night in a pivotal game against Golden State reminded the Grizzlies what kind of team they can be when doing so. The Grizzlies jumped on the Warriors in the first half, withstood a rally in the third quarter and eventually pulled out a much-needed 99-93 victory at FedExForum. The win snapped the Grizzlies' (31-18) two-game slide. Center  Marc Gasol  led the Grizzlies with 20 points to go with his 11 rebounds and five assists. Stephen Curry scored a game-high 32 points for the Warriors (30-20). 
 
 QUOTABLE : "Tonight was big. It was a team that we had to beat. That was the bottom line for us. It was a little step forward. We've got to be consistent now, get our rest, tomorrow come back and get some work and get ready for Minnesota [Sunday]." 
 -- Grizzlies' center Marc Gasol 
 
 THE STAT : One of the reasons the Grizzlies were able to get five players to score in double figures was because of their sharing of the basketball. It's something they did very well during their 12-2 start to the season. The Grizzlies had 26 assists on their 36 field goals. In the second quarter alone, they had 10 assists on 11 field goals.   Mike Conley  led the team with 10 assists. 
 
 TURNING POINT : Back-to-back 3-pointers by Curry put Golden State ahead 86-83 with 8:10 to play. That's when the Grizzlies dug in defensively, closing out the game with a 16-7 run as defensive stopper  Tony Allen  took it upon himself to guard Curry. 
 
 HOT : The Grizzlies' Allen also made his presence felt on the offensive end, going 7-for-8 to score a season-high 17 points before fouling out in the closing seconds. Allen bested his previous season high of 15, set Jan. 2 at Boston. 
 
 NOT : With Allen guarding him most of the night, Golden State guard  Klay Thompson  was held to nine points as he missed 10 of his 14 shots. Thompson even found it difficult to score in the fourth quarter against the smaller Conley. 
 
 QUOTABLE II : "For three straight games now, we've given up over 60 points, and 70 in one game [in the first half]. You have to turn that around and we did that in the second half. We fell a little short. It's a frustrating feeling for us losing three in a row, but it is a positive that we can take from this game knowing we got back to our brand of basketball the last 24 minutes."  
 -- Warriors guard Stephen Curry 
 
 NOTABLE : Golden State was basically a two-man team offensively, with Curry and All-Star forward  David Lee  having their way against the Grizzlies. Curry finished with his season-high 32 as he made 11 of his 22 shots, including 4-for-9 from 3-point range. Curry also had eight assists and five rebounds. Lee made 7 of his first 10 shots before finishing the night with 26 points and six boards. No other Warrior scored in double figures. ... Memphis All-Star forward  Zach Randolph  didn't shoot the ball well (4-for-13) but still managed to pick up another double-double with 16 points and 12 rebounds. ... Golden State played without backup point guard  Jarrett Jack , who had a right shoulder contusion. The Warriors missed his 13 points and six assists as his replacement, second-year guard Charles Jenkins, was scoreless in seven minutes. ...  Austin Daye  had his best game since joining the Grizzlies last week in the  Rudy Gay  trade. Daye scored all 12 of his points in the first half when he was 4-for-5 from the floor and 3-for-4 from 3-point range. He missed his only shot attempt in the second half. Daye also had four rebounds and two assists. ... With the win, the Grizzlies have swept the season series against the Warriors, 3-0, giving them the tiebreaker for playoff seeding. They now have won nine in a row against Golden State. ... The Warriors are not 0-3 on their four-game road trip, which concludes Saturday night at Dallas. It ties their longest losing streak of the season. 
 
 UP NEXT : For the Warriors, Saturday @ Dallas, Tuesday vs. Houston, Feb. 19 @ Utah. For the Grizzlies, Sunday vs. Minnesota, Tuesday vs. Sacramento, Feb. 19 @ Detroit. 
