Notebook: Hornets 114, Kings 105 
 
 
 Guerry Smith, For NBA.com 
 
Posted Mon Jan 21, 2013 5:05 PM - Updated Mon Jan 21, 2013 5:05 PM 
 
 THE FACTS : Reserve  Ryan Anderson  had 17 of his 27 points in the second quarter and the New Orleans Hornets built a 64-39 halftime lead, then held on to beat the Sacramento Kings 104-105 Monday afternoon in New Orleans on Martin Luther King Day. With Hornets (14-27) center  Anthony Davis  sitting out the second half after tweaking an ankle, the Kings (16-26) cut the deficit to seven in the fourth quarter but never came closer in a meeting between teams with two of the three worst records in the Western Conference. 
 
 QUOTABLE : "I think I'm going to have a good shooting night every night. When you're in the moment and just ready to shoot, you're not really thinking. I got some great open looks, and most of them were on the fast break."  
 -- Ryan Anderson on finishing 7-for-14 from long range 
 
 THE STAT : Anderson, who led the NBA in 3-pointers made while playing for Orlando last year, hit four of his five 3-pointers between the 5:57 mark to the 3:05 mark of the second quarter as the Hornets stretched a 41-32 lead to 55-36. The Kings were not alert enough to get a hand in his face in transition.   
 
 TURNING POINT : The 10 a.m. Pacific time start on MLK Day. The Kings did not really compete in the first half, letting the Hornets get whatever they wanted, offensively, and then blamed the early start more than the overnight news the franchise would move to Seattle next season. Defense has been a problem all year for the Kings -- the 102.6 points they allowed coming in was the fourth-highest total in the NBA -- but this was extreme. The Hornets' 64 first-half points were five more than in any other game. After falling behind by 27, the Kings woke up in the second half, going on a 17-0 run in the third quarter and almost making it close down the stretch.  
 
 QUOTABLE II : "It's hard. I can't imagine a team not being there."  
 -- Ryan Anderson, a Sacramento native, on the news of the Kings' impending departure 
 
 HOT : Hornets point guard  Greivis Vasquez  had 19 points and 11 assists  two days after handing out 15 assists against Golden State. All four of Anderson's 3-pointers in his torrid stretch came off of Vasquez passes.  
 
 NOT : The Kings are awful on the road. They fell to 4-16 away from home, with their four victories coming against teams (Portland, Cleveland, Toronto, Charlotte) who entered the day with a combined 55-108 record.  
 
 NOTABLE : The Hornets have won seven of their last nine after a 7-25 start, closing within a game-and-a-half of the Kings. ... Davis said he "rolled" his ankle and added he should be fine for New Orleans' Wednesday game at San Antonio. ... Center  DeMarcus Cousins  had a game-high 29 points for Sacramento. ... Former Hornets player  Marcus Thornton , who has lost his starting job at Sacramento after leading the Kings in scoring last season, did not play in the second half after shooting 2-for-9 in the first half. ... Though healthy, Kings reserve  Jimmer Fredette  did not play for the fifth time this year.  
 
 UP NEXT : For the Hornets, Wednesday @ San Antonio, Friday vs. Houston, Sunday @Memphis. For the Kings, Wednesday vs. Phoenix, Friday vs. Oklahoma City, Saturday @ Denver.  
