  Notebook: Spurs 124, Trail Blazers 89 Posted Monday April 23, 2012 11:55PM By Tim Price, for NBA.com THE FACTS: Tim Duncan  and  Danny Green  combined to play 41 minutes and together they scored 36 points to lead the San Antonio Spurs to a 124-89 victory over the Portland Trail Blazers on Monday at AT&T Center in a game that clinched top seed in the Western Conference playoffs. San Antonio (48-16) has two games remaining, finishing up on the road at Phoenix (Wednesday) and Golden State (Thursday). But the team will be watching tomorrow night's Phoenix-Utah game, for Utah can clinch the No. 8 seed and face the Spurs in the playoffs with a win. The Trail Blazers (28-37) continue to hobble in to finish the season. Playing tonight without injured  LaMarcus Aldridge, Nicolas Batum, Jamal Crawford  and  Joel Przybilla , Portland has lost six in a row and eight of nine. QUOTABLE:  "It's great to have No. 1 (seeding in the playoffs), but it doesn't mean anything. It's great to have the homecourt advantage and it's great to be in that situation, but as we showed last year somebody can sneak up and take you out just as easily. We're glad to have it. We will be prepared for our first-round opponent. Hopefully we'll get a much better effort."   --  Duncan. THE STAT:  San Antonio shot 60 percent in the first quarter. But the Spurs did not let up. They shot 36-of-61 from the floor (59 percent) the rest of the way. TURNING POINT:  The Spurs led by as many as 17 during what would turn out to be a 31-18 first quarter, but still the Blazers cut it to single digits when  Luke Babbitt  hit a 3-pointer 3:15 into the second quarter and made it 37-28. But within the next 1:05, the Spurs got 3-pointers from Green and  Gary Neal  and finished the half by outscoring Portland 26-13. San Antonio led by 22 at halftime. QUOTABLE II:  "We gave up three 30-point quarters. Any time you get 34 assists (the Spurs did), that's a big number. It didn't look pretty and we didn't pay attention to detail, which led to (San Antonio hitting) 12 3s."   --  Portland interim head coach  Kaleb Canales. HOT:  Green had a good game going last night against Cleveland by hitting 5-of-8, including 3-5 from the 3-point line, but played only 18 minutes because of an inadvertent poke in the eye. He still only played 14 1/2 minutes against Portland, but went 6-of-6 from the floor with four 3-pointers. For his past five games he's gone 22-of-32 from the floor including 13-17 (76.5 percent) from the 3-point line. NOT: Wes Matthews  was 3-of-13 in the first half and ended up scoring 24 points on 24 shots. But his starting backcourt mate  Raymond Felton  started cold, going 3-of-13 before finishing 5-of-16. Felton, a 40-percent shooter on the season, was playing in his first game since missing the previous three because of a sore Achilles' and a family matter. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Duncan had 18 points and eight rebounds, but it's anyone's guess how much he will play in the remaining two games. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Canales grew up in Laredo, about a two-hour drive down IH-35 from San Antonio, and he had about 300 tickets for his family, including his parents, and friends for tonight's game. ... The Spurs, on "fan appreciation night," recognized 104-year-old  Theresa Sanchez , who was wearing a team shirt in the arena tonight. GOOD MOVE:  The insertion of  Boris Diaw  into the starting lineup actually takes some pressure to create offensively off  Tony Parker . The Spurs had a season-high in assists, yet Parker had only six. Diaw also had six. BAD MOVE:  With the clock ticking down the final seconds of the first half, Neal drove up the floor and eyed a 3-pointer from four of five feet beyond the line. Felton threw his hands in the air, but he also jumped toward Neal and was called for the foul on the 3-point attempt with .5 left on the clock. Neal made all three foul shots. ROOKIE WATCH:   Nolan Smith  played 34 minutes for a Blazers team missing four key contributors tonight. He hit 5-of-12 shots, scored 10 points and had six rebounds and five assists. ...  Kawhi Leonard  played almost 20 minutes but went 1-of-4 from the floor and scored only two points. NOTABLE:  It's the second-straight season the Spurs have won the top-seed in the West. But everyone knows what happened with that distinction last year, a first-round loss in the playoffs to Memphis. ... Since the 1997-98 season San Antonio has been a conference top-seed an NBA-best six times (the Lakers have done it four times and Detroit three). ... Neal left the floor late in the third quarter when he collided with  Kurt Thomas  on a screen. Spurs head coach  Gregg Popovich  said after the game it appeared Neal has a stinger because X-rays were negative. UP NEXT:  For the Trail Blazers, Thursday @ Utah. For the Spurs, Wednesday @ Phoenix, Thursday @ Golden State.  