  Notebook: Knicks 99, Wizards 96   By Rich Dubroff, for NBA.com Posted Friday January 6, 2012 11:28PM THE FACTS: Carmelo Anthony  scored 37 points -- including a game-winning 3-pointer with 15.9 seconds to play -- to give the New York Knicks a 99-96 win over the hapless Washington Wizards on Friday night. Ama'e Stoudemire  added 23 points and 12 rebounds.  Tyson Chandler  had 12 points and 15 rebounds for New York. Nick Young  had 24 points and  John Wall  22 points for Washington, which lost its seventh straight. The Wizards are the NBA's only winless team. QUOTABLE:  "It was just a hard game. It's going to be a tough year. It's coming at us quick, and everybody else. Guys are going to be banged up, tired, and the strong are going to survive. You've just got to tough it out."  --  New York head coach  Mike D'Antoni  on the difficulties of coaching the lockout-shortened season. THE STAT:  Anthony shot 16 for 33. In the second quarter, he and Stoudemire combined for 24 of New York's 28 points. TURNING POINT:  Anthony scored 10 straight points for New York down the stretch?including the game-winner. QUOTABLE II:  "I was hurt. I was just praying it went in. I wasn't going to try to drive at all. I knew I didn't have any push off on my right leg."­  --  Anthony on his game-winning shot. HOT:  New York's  Mike Bibby , who scored 11 points-with three 3-pointers-late in the third quarter and early in the fourth. NOT:  The Knicks'  Toney Douglas  missed all five of his field goal attempts. He was scoreless. Douglas came into the game averaging 13.7 points. At Friday's shootaround, D'Antoni said he keep starting Douglas and  Landry Fields  in the backcourt. Fields had just two points. Rookie  Iman Shumpert  had 10 points in Douglas' place. GOOD MOVE:  New York kept looking for Anthony down the stretch?and he delivered. BAD MOVE:  Young and Wall kept hoisting shots in the second quarter. After they were 10-for-14 from the field in the first quarter, they missed all eight attempts in the second. NOTABLE:  Anthony scored 37 points for the second time in seven games. Chandler had his most rebounds of the season, and the Wizards' loss was their closest of the season. IN THE ARENA:  Lots of Knicks fans. Anthony is from nearby Baltimore, and whenever he plays in Washington, he has lots of friends and family around. UP NEXT:  Knicks: Saturday @ Pistons, Monday vs. Bobcats, Wednesday vs. Sixers. Wizards: Sunday vs. Timberwolves, Tuesday vs. Raptors, Wednesday @ Bulls  