Notebook: Heat 98, Hawks 81 
 
 
 Zachary Paul, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Mar 12, 2013 10:18 PM - Updated Tue Mar 12, 2013 10:18 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:  The Heat extended their franchise-record streak to 19 straight Tuesday with a 98-81 win over the Hawks at AmericanAirlines Arena.  
 Miami, which never trailed in the victory, goes for its 20th consecutive win Wednesday in Philadelphia.  
 The Heat led by double-digits for most of the second half behind a strong defensive effort. They held the Hawks to just 42 percent shooting. Guard  Dwyane Wade  led all scorers with 23 points on 9-for-18 shooting.  LeBron James , who shot just 3-for-11, finished with 15 points while center  Chris Bosh  and guard  Mario Chalmers  each had 14.  
 
 Josh Smith  led the Hawks with 15 points.  
 The Heat swept the season series against the Hawks, whom they could see in the first round of the playoffs. Atlanta is just one game ahead of the Milwaukee Bucks for the No. 8 seed.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "Leading with our defense has been the key for us. When we come out defensive-minded from the beginning of the game, it gets us into the game, it gets us on the offensive end, we're moving the ball. We have been playing well offensively all year, but defense is the key." 
 
 -- Wade   
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Heat backcourt of Wade and Chalmers combined to shoot 14-for-26 from the field.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  After the Hawks pulled to within one in the second quarter, the Heat closed the half with a 16-4 run to take control.  
 
 HOT:  Wade turned in yet another efficient performance. A day after being named Eastern Conference Player of the Week, he continued to show the Heat aren't just a one-man team. Wade also had six assists and recorded his second straight game with at least five steals.  
 
 NOT:  James had an off night in the scoring department for a second straight game. He was still able to impact the game with his passing and rebounding. He also got to the free throw line 12 times (making nine).  
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Balance continues to be the key for the Heat. This marked the third straight game they had at least five players score in double figures. They are at their most dangerous when they receive strong contributions from the supporting cast.  
 
 BAD MOVE:  The Hawks failed to take advantage of a rare off night from James, who missed eight of his first 11 field-goal attempts. With James struggling, Atlanta allowed  Ray Allen  and Chalmers to hurt them.  
 
 NOTABLE:  The Heat improved to 30-3 at home. ... Heat forward  Shane Battier  was in uniform despite missing the morning shootaround because of flu symptoms. ... Miami needs one victory to become just the fourth team to win 20 straight games.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Wednesday @ Philadelphia, Friday @ Milwaukee, Sunday @ Toronto. For the Hawks, Wednesday vs. L.A. Lakers, Friday vs. Phoenix, Sunday @ Brooklyn.  
