
 Warriors-Wizards notebook   By Benjamin Standig, for NBA.com Posted Thursday March 3, 2011 1:21AM THE FACTS: Stephen Curry  scored 29 points and grabbed nine rebounds, and  Monta Ellis  scored 13 of his 21 points in the second half as the Golden State Warriors snapped their four-game losing streak with a 106-102 road win at the Washington Wizards on Wednesday night. Curry scored nine points in the third quarter as the Warriors raced out to an 85-65 lead and led by 17 heading into the fourth. The Wizards then rallied with a furious comeback, outscoring the Warriors 28-15 in the final quarter.  Nick Young  scored 14 of his game-high 31 points and his wild 3-pointer with 6.9 seconds left pulled the Wizards to within 103-102. Fouled twice in the closing seconds, Curry went 3-for-4 from the line, the final one coming after Young missed a potential game-tying 3-pointer.  Dorell Wright  added 14 points as the Warriors held on in the first meeting between the two teams this season.  Andray Blatche  finished with 20 points and nine rebounds for the Wizards, who have lost seven straight and nine of 11. QUOTABLE:  "To get a win when you've gone through a streak of losing, to get a win no matter how it ends up, no one will pay attention to how the fourth quarter went. We just look at how the game was won and we pulled it out."   -- Warriors coach  Keith Smart , whose team was 0-4 since the All-Star break THE STAT:  Led by 16 rebounds from  David Lee , the Warriors held a commanding 54-40 advantage on the boards. QUOTABLE II:  "We have plenty of scorers and rebounding is one of our team's weaknesses. We play a smaller lineup and that's something that is very important for us to do to out-rebound the other team ... I like to set the tone."   -- Lee on his and the Warriors' rebounding effort TURNING POINT:  Tied at 42 with 7:14 remaining in the second quarter,  Acie Law 's reverse layup started a 9-0 Warriors run. Golden State retained that advantage heading into the halftime locker room, leading 62-53 as they out-rebounded Washington 31-18. Curry, who scored 15 points in less than 15 first-half minutes, opened the third quarter with a 3-pointer and Ellis added a jumper to make it 67-53. QUOTABLE III:  "Tonight I found myself in a lot of open spots to get some jump shots off and to get to the basket. It started off early, trying to put some pressure on the defense, just being aggressive. That's my role on the team."   -- Curry HOT:  In the first three games of the Warriors 7-game road swing, Curry is averaging 27.3 points and shooting 54.5 percent (12-for-22) from 3-point territory. The second-year guard was 9-for-18 overall against the Wizards and made 8-of-9 free throws. NOT:  Young finished 4-for-7 from behind the arc, but the rest of the Wizards missed all nine of their 3-point attempts. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT: Ekpe Udoh , the sixth pick in the 2010 NBA Draft, finished with six points, two rebounds and matched his season-high with three blocks in his first career start. The rookie from Baylor played 30 minutes compared to 13 for  Andris Biedrins , the man he replaced. Biedrins had started all 50 games he had played this season and grabbed six rebounds off the bench, but also committed a team-high four turnovers. Udoh can help fantasy owners with rebounds and blocks, but is a rather speculative pickup while Biedrins' minutes have shrunk to the point where he is barely worth stashing. GOOD MOVE:  Wizards rookie forward  Trevor Booker  played the entire fourth quarter and pulled down eight of his 11 rebounds. Booker finished with seven points. BAD MOVE:  Booker played less than seven minutes through three quarters. With their playoff hopes long gone, it figures at some point the Wizards will give Booker and the other rookies not named  John Wall  more time. There are 22 games left to see what the team's five rookies have to offer. ROOKIE WATCH:   John Wall  scored 14 points and dished out six assists, but had four turnovers and his hands full guarding Curry.  Kevin Seraphin  had two rebounds in 10 minutes and newly acquired  Jordan Crawford  scored four points off the bench for the Wizards, but was 0-for-3 on 3-pointers. INSIDE THE ARENA:  The Wizards' sideline was absent head coach  Flip Saunders , who left the team to be with his ailing mother. Assistant coach  Randy Wittman  directed the squad for the second time this season, having picked up a win over Indiana on Dec 29. QUOTABLE IV:  "It's hard for Flip. It's tough because that's his mom. Hopefully he can take care of everything he has to out there and we're going to go out and try our best for him."   -- Young on playing without Saunders NOTABLE:  On Tuesday, Wall was named the Eastern Conference Rookie of the Month for February after receiving the same honor in January. Ending the month averaging 15.4 points, 9.0 assists and 4.3 rebounds, Wall joined  Oscar Robertson  and  Damon Stoudamire  as the only rookies to average at least 15 points, eight assists and four rebounds through February. UP NEXT:  For the Warriors: Friday @ Boston, Sunday @ Philadelphia, Tuesday @ Orlando. For the Wizards: Saturday vs. Minnesota, Sunday @ Detroit, Tuesday vs. Milwaukee 
