  Kings-Grizzlies notebook   By Marlon W. Morgan, for NBA.com  Posted Saturday February 26, 2011 11:41PM THE FACTS:  The night started out with an energized crowd of 16,028 on hand at FedExForum to see the return of fan favorite  Shane Battier , who was acquired at the trade deadline. By the end of the night, is was all about 7-foot-2 center  Hamed Haddadi , the beneficiary of the departure of  Hasheem Thabeet  who was shipped to Houston in the Battier trade. Haddadi had his first career double-double with 10 points and a career-high 10 boards while playing a career-high 20 minutes in the Grizzlies' 120-92 win over the Sacramento Kings Saturday night. He also had two blocked shots. QUOTABLE:  "I was so happy they gave me some minutes. I want to use it the best way to help my team to win. I'm so happy. I wish to play better each game."    -- Grizzlies center Hamed Haddadi THE STAT:  The Grizzlies, who lead the NBA in points in the paint, dominated the Kings in that department, outscoring them 78-46. The 78 points is a franchise record, topping the previous mark of 76, which was set when the team was in Vancouver. Forward  Zach Randolph  had 23 points, and center  Marc Gasol  had 21. Forward  Darrell Arthur  added 17 off the bench to go along with Haddadi's 10. TURNING POINT:  With two days off before Saturday's game, the refreshed Grizzlies came out with almost too much energy as the Kings jumped out to a 28-23 lead after one quarter. From there, the Grizzlies dominated, scoring 33 points in both the second and third quarters to lead 89-66 heading into the final quarter. HOT:  The lone bright spot for Sacramento was point guard  Beno Udrih , whom the Grizzlies had no answer for all night. Udrih scored 14 of his game-high 24 points in the first quarter, making five of his first seven shots. He would only miss once more as he connected on 10 of 13. Unfortunately, he was the only starter to reach double figures as the other four combined for 26 points. NOT:  It was a rough shooting night for Grizzlies guard  O.J. Mayo , who was nearly traded to Indiana Thursday but the deal didn't get turned in before the deadline. Mayo scored 13 points, but made just four of his 12 shots. QUOTABLE II:  "We are getting better. When you add veteran players that have been on a championship level, the communication is better. They help people that don't communicate, and they are in the rotation. Adding  Tony Allen , adding Shane Battier, adding J-Will [ Jason Williams]  was needed for our young players in order to really go forward."    -- Grizzlies coach  Lionel Hollins GOOD MOVE:  In addition to Battier, the other player Memphis fans wanted to see was forward  Rodney Carney . The former University of Memphis star is with the Grizzlies on a 10-day contract. Saturday was his first home game with the team. When Memphis went up by 30 in the fourth quarter, chants rang out for Carney to get in the game. He finally did with 2:40 to play, and scored his only basket on a put back. NOTABLE:  It was an emotional return for Battier, who received a standing ovation when he entered the game with 5:53 remaining in the first quarter. Stat-wise, though, Battier shot just three times, finishing with two points, three assists, three blocked shots and a pair of rebounds. ... Sacramento forward  Jason Thompson  left the game in the third quarter with an ankle sprain and did not return. No further details were given. ... The win left the Grizzlies in sole possession of the eighth spot in the Western Conference after Utah's loss at Detroit. The team has won 14 of its last 18 games and now heads to San Antonio for a Sunday night game against the league-leading Spurs. ... Since the calendar turned to 2011, the Grizzlies have feasted on teams below .500. Their win over the Kings left the Grizzlies with a 12-3 mark against clubs with a losing record in 2011. In the 2010 portion of the schedule, the Grizzlies were just 6-7 against losing teams. UP NEXT:  For the Kings, Monday vs. L.A. Clippers, Wednesday vs. Portland, Saturday @ Utah. For the Grizzlies, Sunday @ San Antonio, Tuesday vs. San Antonio, Friday vs. New Orleans.  