
 Clippers-Warriors notebook   By Geoff Lepper, for NBA.com Posted Saturday October 30, 2010 2:07AM THE FACTS:  The Golden State Warriors opened the third quarter on a 21-2 run and improved to 2-0 for the first time since 1994 with a 109-91 win against the Los Angeles Clippers on Friday night.  Dorell Wright  scored 24 points -- including a career-high-tying six 3-pointers -- to lead all scorers, but the Warriors may have temporarily lost the services of  Stephen Curry , who departed early after re-spraining his right ankle. QUOTABLE:  "The conversations (between players and coaches) at the half, coming out into the third quarter, has been good from the preseason until now. The guys came out once again very focused on both sides of the ball and focused on defense first. The defense got the transition game going and now we have guys making passes rather than taking quick shots."   --  Warriors coach  Keith Smart , on outscoring the Clippers 32-13 in the third quarter. THE STAT:  Smart said prior to the game that he wanted to see his team come up with one solid defensive quarter, and the Warriors provided it in the third period, holding the Clippers to 16.7 percent shooting from the floor.  Brian Cook ,  Baron Davis ,  Randy Foye,   Ryan Gomes  and  Blake Griffin  combined to miss all 10 of their attempts in the third. TURNING POINT:  The Warriors transformed what had been a four-point game into a blowout in less than 6 minutes of post-halftime play. Curry scored seven points and assisted on five more during the Warriors' 21-2 burst, which included four Golden State dunks against a visibly confused Clippers defense. HOT:  Coming off a 46-point Opening Night performance,  Monta Ellis  showed off his versatility Friday with 15 points and 11 assists, the 15th double-double of his career. QUOTABLE II:  "He put up 46 points the other night and didn't try to get 36 points. He saw how the defense was playing, read it, saw that other guys were playing well and just simply became the facilitator. That's the maturity of where he is at right now."   --  Smart,  discussing Ellis' big night. NOT:  Despite facing a group of unheralded Warriors big men that got in collective foul trouble before the end of the first quarter, Clippers center  Chris Kaman  and power forward Griffin combined to shoot 11-for-28, with six turnovers outweighing four assists. Los Angeles tried time and again to go to Kaman in the post during the third quarter, but got next to nothing to show for it -- an especially troubling fact in light of Kaman's 4-for-18 performance against Portland on Wednesday. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Curry had an efficient 16 points (on 7-for-9 shooting) and six assists in 27 minutes, but rolled his already-sprained right ankle for the third time in as many games (including his last preseason appearance). A team spokesman said X-rays were not required, and he's considered day-to-day. INSIDE THE ARENA:  When Ellis drained a 3-pointer with 7:04 left in the third quarter to put the Warriors up by 20 points for the first time in the game, it wasn't just players that erupted on Golden State's bench. Smart, who was already standing, flapped his arms to exhort more noise from the crowd of 17,408. BAD MOVE:  Clippers coach  Vinny Del Negro  was right to take a timeout after the Warriors scored the first six points of the third quarter, but whatever he said didn't have much effect. After a Kaman dunk, Golden State ripped off 12 consecutive points, including three dunks, to open a 76-56 lead with 6:54 left in the period. That prompted another Del Negro timeout, but by then, it was far too late to change the outcome. ROOKIE WATCH:  Two nights after bursting onto the NBA scene with 20 points, 14 rebounds and four assists Wednesday against Portland, Griffin came back to Earth. He still got his second double-double with 14 points and 10 rebounds, but he was held to seven (on 3-for-8 shooting) and nine through the first three quarters before adding some stats in extended garbage time. NOTABLE:  Undrafted rookie and Bay Area local  Jeremy Lin , already a fan favorite at Oracle Arena, drew a huge ovation just for checking in with 2:32 remaining. He was credited with a steal after tying up Cook and watching the Warriors win the ensuing jump ball. . . . The Warriors were sporting their road uniforms, in order to give their fans a look at the new royal-blue-and-gold color scheme and logo. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Sunday vs. Dallas, Monday vs. San Antonio, Wednesday vs. Oklahoma City. For the Warriors, Sunday at L.A. Lakers, Wednesday vs. Memphis, Friday vs. Utah 
