  Notebook: Hawks 116, Bobcats 96 Posted Saturday April 7, 2012 11:10PM By Brian Joura, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Three nights after delivering a 37-point home win over the Bobcats, the Atlanta Hawks traveled to Charlotte and delivered another shellacking to the cellar-dwelling Cats, with a 116-96 win Saturday night over their Southeast Division foe. All-Star  Joe Johnson  had his way with 18 points in just under 22 minutes, as the Bobcats had no one to match up with the 6-7 swing man. Johnson hit on 8-10 from the field, including 2-4 from beyond the arc.  Josh Smith  shook off a slow start in the first half to finish with 15 points on a variety of dunks and power moves to the basket. The lone bright spot for the Bobcats was rookie point guard  Cory Higgins , who needed just three quarters to establish a season-high in points and he finished with a game-high 22 points. It was the 11th straight loss for Charlotte. QUOTABLE:  "I thought our starters were real flat in the first quarter. But our bench did a great job of providing a spark in the second quarter.  (Jennaro) Pargo, Willie Green  and  Ivan Johnson  gave us a spark and did a great job. That's what it's going to take, particularly down the stretch."  --  Hawks head coach  Larry Drew  on his team's effort. THE STAT:  Atlanta had eight players score in double-digits, as its reserves played almost the entire fourth quarter. TURNING POINT:  Trailing by a point midway through the second quarter, the Hawks went on a 20-7 run to end the half. They converted four 3-point baskets in this stretch, including two by Pargo. FANTASY WATCH:  Pargo finished with 15 points, nine assists and four rebounds and went 7-7 from the line.  Zaza Pachulia  had 12 points and 16 rebounds. ROOKIE WATCH:  Hawks forward Ivan Johnson came off the bench to contribute 17 points and six rebounds, tying his career high in points thanks to a 3-pointer at the buzzer. NOTABLE: Marvin Williams  caused as many matchup problems as Johnson did as he finished with 14 points on 5-8 shooting, including 2-3 from behind the arc. QUOTABLE II:  "Marvin's very comfortable (in the sixth-man role) and he's very good at it. I had talked to him about it. We did a little bit of it last year and had some success with it. We made the decision to go back to it this year. We've seen Marvin's production go up, particularly coming off the bench. One thing is he gets more shots."  --  Drew on Williams. UP NEXT:  For the Bobcats, Monday vs. Wizards, Tuesday @ Cleveland, Thursday vs. Pistons. For the Hawks, Wednesday @ Boston, Friday @ Orlando, Sunday vs. Raptors.  