  Bucks-Cavs notebook   By Sam Amico, for NBA.com Posted Friday January 21, 2011 11:55PM THE FACTS:   Carlos Delfiino  wasn't an All-Star in his first game since Nov. 6, but he was better than Milwaukee expected. And in the Bucks' 102-88 road win over Cleveland on Friday, that was good enough. Delfino came off the bench to score nine points and grab five rebounds in 22 minutes, taking the first step in overcoming a concussion suffered more than two months ago.  Andrew Bogut  was impressive for the Bucks (16-24), compiling 23 points on 11-for-14 shooting. The Cavaliers (8-34) have lost 14 straight and 25 of 26. QUOTABLE:  "Our goal was to keep his minutes down, but if he felt good we would let him go and play a little longer. He looked fine and we are glad to have him back."   -- Bucks coach  Scott Skiles  on Carlos Delfino THE STAT:  Much to the delight of Skiles, the Bucks used defense to create offense -- forcing 16 turnovers and turning them into 25 points. TURNING POINT:  The Bucks led just 41-39 with a less than three minutes remaining in the second quarter, but closed the half on a 12-2 run. It included a 3-pointer and fast-break layup from Delfino, jump hook from Bogut and a driving basket and foul from  Corey Maggette  (20 points, five boards). QUOTABLE II:  "We're just not giving ourselves a chance to win when giving up 25 points off turnovers and 18 second-chance points. That's 43 points. We have to play harder, we have to play smarter and we have to be tougher. That's basically the bottom line."   -- Cavs coach  Byron Scott HOT:   Keyon Dooling  started again in place of injured point guard  Brandon Jennings  (foot) and finished with 12 points and a career-high 11 assists. Also, Bucks guard and Cleveland native  Earl Boykins  finished with nine points off the bench, receiving his usual spattering of applause upon checking in. The 5-foot-5 Boykins also finished with as many blocked shots (one) as the entire Cavs team. NOT:  Cavs big man  J.J. Hickson  finished with two points and five rebounds one game after compiling 16 and 15, respectively. QUOTABLE III:  "I thought he was very good not only in scoring the ball, but in some of the situations where they came down and doubled him. He made good decisions and some sharp passes out of [the post]. He was active and we needed it."   -- Scott Skiles on Andrew Bogut FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Cavs guard  Ramon Sessions  is likely to continue to start in place of the injured  Mo Williams  (hip), who is expected to miss at least another couple weeks. In other words, Sessions (22 points, four rebounds, four assists) will be receiving plenty of playing time and probably taking a lot of shots. ROOKIE WATCH:  Bucks forward  Larry Sanders  came off the bench to score four points and blocked a team-high three shots. Meanwhile, Cavs forward  Samardo Samuels  scored six points and grabbed six rebounds. Cavs guard  Manny Harris  started but didn't score in 15 minutes. NOTABLE:  Milwaukee scored more than 100 points for just the ninth time this season, and shot better than 50 percent (50.6) for just the fifth time. ... Cleveland has lost seven straight at home and fell to 0-26 in games decided by nine points or more. UP NEXT:  For the Bucks, Saturday vs. Memphis, Monday @ Chicago, Wednesday vs. Atlanta. For the Cavaliers, Saturday @ Chicago, Monday @ New Jersey, Tuesday @ Boston.  