
 Knicks-Sixers notebook   By Andy Jasner, for NBA.com Posted Friday February 4, 2011 10:20PM THE FACTS:   Elton Brand  scored a season-high 33 points and grabbed 16 rebounds while  Andre Iguodala  had 18 points, a career-high 16 assists and no turnovers for the suddenly surging 76ers in their 100-98 victory over the New York Knicks on Friday.  Jodie Meeks  contributed 14 points and the Sixers (23-26) won their third straight. It was quite an impressive performance, especially considering they trailed by nine heading into the fourth quarter. Their defense improved markedly and they were rewarded with a huge victory over their Atlantic Division rival. Raymond Felton  paced the Knicks with 26 points and nine assists while  Danilo Gallinari  scored 18 points and swept 13 rebounds. Amazingly, the Knicks rallied from a late 10-point deficit at the end and even had a chance to send the game into overtime. But  Shawne Williams ' short runner from the baseline clanged off the rim. The Knicks fell to 25-24 and dropped their sixth consecutive road game. QUOTABLE:  "I told our guys in the fourth quarter that I thought that was as tough as we've been all season long."   -- Sixers coach  Doug Collins . THE STAT:  Good teams make their free throws. The Sixers were 17-for-18. TURNING POINT:  Trailing 82-73 entering the fourth quarter, the Sixers turned the tables with a 23-4 run to take a 96-86 lead with 3:13 left. Iguodala and Brand led the surge for the Sixers, who seemed to gain confidence when they re-took the lead. HOT:  Brand was sensational, going 14-for-23 from the field and 5-for-5 from the free throw line. NOT:   Wilson Chandler  and  Toney Douglas  were each 1-for-6 for the Knicks. Not good enough. QUOTABLE II:  "It was a tough one. We've got to be concentrating now on the next one and get ready for Sunday."   -- Danilo Gallinari, on the loss and facing the Sixers again on Sunday at Madison Square Garden FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  It has to be Iguodala, who filled up the stat sheet once again. He continues to play at a very high level. INSIDE THE ARENA:  A meaningful Knicks-76ers game in February brought out a very spirited crowd of 18,823 to the Wells Fargo Center. There was a smattering of Knicks fans, and it was fun to see the reactions back and forth between both teams' fans. QUOTABLE III:  "I was hot and feeling it. Guys kept feeding me and feeding me."   -- Elton Brand, on scoring 19 points in the first quarter. GOOD MOVE:  Coach Collins started  Evan Turner  to begin the fourth quarter. Turner's defense was solid, and he even sparked the Sixers offensively at the beginning of the quarter. BAD MOVE:  Felton could have made a bigger difference, especially in crunch time. He hurt the Sixers for much of the game, but didn't have the ball in his hands nearly enough down the stretch. Williams took the final shot when the Knicks needed to head into overtime. ROOKIE WATCH:  Turner, the No. 2 overall pick in the NBA Draft from Ohio State, had four points and three assists for the Sixers.  Landry Fields  scored five points and added seven rebounds while 7-foot-1  Timofey Mozgov  was active with nine points and seven rebounds for the Knicks. NOTABLE:  Iguodala tied a Sixers record with nine assists in the first quarter. Only three other players in franchise history have ever compiled nine assists in one quarter --  Maurice Cheeks ,  Johnny Dawkins  and  Eric Snow . DID YOU NOTICE:   Thaddeus Young , who scored 10 points, sacrificed his body and took two big-time charges in the fourth. Those kinds of plays help to win games. NEXT:  For the Knicks, Sunday vs. Philadelphia, Wednesday vs. L.A. Clippers, Friday vs. L.A. Lakers. For the Sixers, Sunday @ New York, Tuesday @ Atlanta, Wednesday vs. Orlando. 
