Notebook: Clippers 101, Grizzlies 81 
 
 
 Marlon W. Morgan, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Dec 06, 2013 12:14 AM - Updated Fri Dec 06, 2013 12:14 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  Los Angeles Clippers coach  Doc Rivers  became the 23rd coach in NBA history to reach 600 wins with Thursday night's, 101-81, victory at Memphis. He joins  Rick Adelman  and  Gregg Popovich  as one of three active coaches to reach the mark. 
 
 THE LEAD : A night after being torched at Atlanta, the Los Angeles Clippers showed the type of defense coach Rivers has been waiting to see. The Clippers held Memphis to season-low 37.7 percent shooting Thursday night as they breezed to a 101-81 win at FedExForum.  Chris Paul, Jamal Crawford  and  Darren Collison  each scored 15 points for the Clippers, who snapped their two-game skid. The Grizzlies, who lost their sixth home game this season, were led by  Kosta Koufas  with 17 points and nine rebounds. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "It was a great lesson for us. The first half we were getting great shots and couldn't make anything. We turned the ball over. Dumb plays right before halftime, yet it was a two-point game. In the second half, the ball started going in and we kept playing defense. It's just a great lesson for us."  --  Rivers. 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Grizzlies were held to 35.1 percent shooting in the second half, including a 17.6 percent effort in the third quarter. They came into the game ranked second in the NBA in second half shooting .501 from the floor. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Clippers were trailing 42-40 at the half after shooting 39 percent. They were getting good looks, but they simply weren't falling. A Flagrant 1 foul on Memphis guard  Jerryd Bayless  after he shoved  Blake Griffin  to the floor, led to a 19-3 run as the Clippers outscored the Grizzlies, 24-11, in the third quarter. 
 
 HOT:  The Clippers' reserves were on fire in the fourth quarter, which allowed Rivers to leave them in the game and rest all but one of his starters, center  DeAndre Jordan . The Clippers shot 65 percent in the fourth quarter, including 6 of 8 from 3-point range. Collison had 10 of his 15 in the period, followed by  Reggie Bullock  with nine and  Antawn Jamison  and Crawford each with eight in the quarter. The bench finished the game with 50 points. 
 
 NOT:  The Grizzlies welcomed forward  Zach Randolph  back to the starting lineup after missing two games due to having an ingrown toenail removed. But Randolph struggled most of the night, particularly with the taller Jordan guarding him. He scored 12 points on 4 of 13 shooting and committed seven turnovers. He did manage to haul in 12 rebounds. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "When they started hitting shots, I think we just dropped our heads. I think the energy was there. Jamal Crawford was hitting shots. Jared Dudley was hitting shots. Their bench players were coming off the bench and hitting shots. That team has a lot of good players."  --  Randolph. 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  The Clippers evened their season series with Memphis at a game apiece. The Grizzlies dealt the Clippers their first loss at Staples Center back on Nov. 18. ...  The Grizzlies were without starting guard  Tony Allen , who was nursing a sore right hip, which was injured Tuesday against Phoenix. ... After having 43 assists with just four turnovers in his last four games, Grizzlies point guard  Mike Conley  had four assists and three turnovers against the Clippers. He finished the game with 16 points. ... Grizzlies' guard/forward  Quincy Pondexter , who didn't play in Tuesday night's game after he showed up coach  Dave Joerger  during his career-high 22-point game against Brooklyn last Saturday, was back in action. He led the Grizzlies' bench with 15 points. He also had season highs of five assists and three steals. ... Grizzlies forward  Ed Davis  left the game in the second quarter with a sprained left ankle and did not return. ... Griffin had 14 points and nine rebounds and Jordan added 10 points and 14 boards, but it was their defense, particularly in the first quarter that had Rivers praising them. ... The Clippers are now 35-0 over the last two seasons when they hold their opponent to 42 percent or lower shooting. ... The road team has now won the last five regular season games between the two teams. 
 
 UP NEXT : For the Clippers, Saturday @ Cleveland, Monday @ Philadelphia, Wednesday @ Boston. For the Grizzlies, Saturday vs. Golden State, Monday vs. Orlando, Wednesday vs. Oklahoma City. 
