  Notebook: Nuggets 113, Pacers 109 Posted Saturday February 11, 2012 11:17PM Conrad Brunner, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The Indiana Pacers have hit their first bump in the road. The Denver Nuggets hope they've finally cleared theirs. Denver built a 12-point fourth-quarter lead but had to hang on as the Pacers rallied before falling 113-109 Saturday at Bankers Life Fieldhouse. It was the third loss in a row and fourth in five games for Indiana (17-10), while the Nuggets (16-12) snapped a five-game losing streak.  Ty Lawson  scored 27 but  Arron Afflalo  took over down the stretch, scoring 12 of his 23 in the fourth quarter, including a 3-pointer that gave Denver a six-point lead with 1:35 remaining.  Danny Granger  scored 26 for Indiana, just eight after the first quarter.  David West  scored 22 for the second time in two nights, matching his season high, but turned the ball over when trying to pass out of a double team with 10 seconds left and the Pacers down by two. QUOTABLE:  "It was a great win for us. Obviously Ty (Lawson) was spectacular the whole night. We won the game because we had more effort and energy. Now we can have a good day off and enjoy the stress of a win instead of the stress of losing."    --  Denver Coach  George Karl THE STAT: Denver racked up 62 points in the paint, the most scored against the Pacers, who entered the game allowing 38.8 per game. TURNING POINT:   Paul George  hit a couple of 3-pointers and  Darren Collison  converted a three-point play as the Pacers put together a 13-2 run to cut Denver's lead to 106-105 with 2:40 remaining.  Kosta Koufos  had a tip-in and Afflalo a 3-pointer to make it a six-point game but West scored twice in a row to bring it back to 111-109 with 48 seconds left. After an Afflalo miss, the Pacers ran a play for West, who was doubled in the lane and tried to kick it back out to Collison but the pass sailed wide into the backcourt and the turnover gave the Nuggets the chance to seal it at the line. QUOTABLE II:  "His energy was amazing. I think he's the reason we won tonight. We fed off him all night long. This was a great game for him and a good game for us."    -- Afflalo on  Corey Brewer . HOT:  Afflalo hit 8-of-11 from the field, while West was 10-of-11. Pacers backup point guard  A.J. Price  entered the game on a 7-of-30 slump but scored a season high 13 on 4-of-8 shooting. George shot 4 of 7 from the 3-point line. NOT:   Al Harrington  shot 4-of-18 off the Denver bench. After a hot start, scoring 18 in the first quarter, Granger shot 3 of 9 and missed all four of his 3-pointers the rest of the way. QUOTABLE III:  "We must bond and come back tougher and smarter and play to win and not to lose. We know what we're made of so we know we can do it."   -- Pacers center  Roy Hibbert GOOD MOVE:  After missing the last three games due to personal reasons, Brewer returned to action, Karl gave him his first start of the season. Brewer responded with 19 points, five rebounds and two steals in 34 minutes. BAD MOVE:  The only mistake West made down the stretch was that critical bad pass, but it turned out to be the play that cost the Pacers their last chance. NOTABLE:  The Pacers entered the weekend 16-0 when they score at least 90 points, then lost two in a row to Memphis and Denver. They were 9-0 with at least 20 assists until tonight. ... Nene left the game in the third quarter with a strained left calf and did not return. ... Both teams wore Hardwood Classics uniforms. ... Though  Jeff Foster  played well Friday in Memphis, producing six points and seven rebounds in 13 minutes in his first appearance in 14 games, the veteran center sat out tonight as the Pacers exercise caution bringing him back from a lower back problem. ...  George Hill  missed his seventh consecutive game with a chip fracture in his left ankle and Vogel said before game there still is no timetable for his return. The Pacers are 3-4 since Hill's went down. UP NEXT:  For the Pacers, Tuesday vs. Miami, Wednesday @ Cleveland, Thursday vs. New Jersey. For the Nuggets, Tuesday vs. Phoenix, Wednesday @ Dallas, Friday @ Memphis.  