Notebook: Bulls 94, Celtics 82 
 
 
 Kent McDill, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Thu Jan 02, 2014 11:38 PM - Updated Thu Jan 02, 2014 11:38 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  With Thursday's win, the Bulls moved ahead of the Celtics into eighth place (and into a playoff position) in the Eastern Conference.     
 
 THE LEAD: Joakim Noah  had 17 points, 11 rebounds and nine assists to lead the host Chicago Bulls (13-18) to a 94-82 victory over the Boston Celtics (13-19) Thursday. The Bulls had six players in double figures, with  Carlos Boozer  getting 16 and  Luol Deng  scoring 14 points. The Celtics were led by  Jordan Crawford  with 22 points, but he had little help scoring as only  Jared Sullinger  and  Jeff Green  managed double figures with 11 each. Sullinger also had 11 rebounds.   
 
 THE FACTS II:  The Bulls led by three points at halftime and maintained the lead throughout the second half, leading by as much as 19 points.  
 
 QUOTABLE I : "It all depends on the guys making shots. Everyone was telling me I was getting close and needed to get an assist. Yes, I was trying to get it, but it's really not the way you are supposed to do it."  --  Noah, talking about being one assist shy of a triple-double    
 
 
 THE STAT : The Celtics actually outrebounded the Bulls 48-41, with Sullinger and  Kris Humphries  getting 11 boards each. The Celtics had 13 offensive rebounds but only scored once as a result. 
 
 THE STAT II:  The Bulls, who rank 28th in the league in 3-point shooting percentage, were 2-for-15 from outside Thursday. The Celtics were only 2-for-12.    
 
 THE STAT III : One game after they went 9-for-33 (27 percent) from the field against Toronto, the Bulls' starting frontcourt of Deng, Boozer and Noah went 20-for-41 (49 percent) from the field against the Celtics.    
 
 TURNING POINT : The Bulls took command of the game at the end of the third quarter and beginning of the fourth quarter and it was all because of backup forward  Mike Dunleavy . In the final minute of the third quarter, Dunleavy blocked an interior jumper by Humphries, then ran downcourt, rebounded a miss by Boozer, and scored on a short jumper that ended the quarter with a 70-62 Bulls lead. When the fourth quarter started, Dunleavy found Noah with a pass for a lay-up that gave the Bulls a 10-point lead, then rebounded a miss by Boston's  Vitor Faverani  before hitting a 3-pointer at the Chicago end for a 77-62 lead with 10:36 remaining. 
 
 INJURY UPDATE : Amazingly, the Bulls don't have an injury update, because they don't have anybody injured other than  Derrick Rose , who is out all season with a torn MCL. The last time the Bulls did not issue an injury update this season was on Nov. 14, just before Rose skipped a game due to a hamstring injury.  Rajon Rondo  is saying he is close to returning from his torn ACL, but general manager  Danny Ainge  said Rondo would accept a trip to the Maine Red Claws of the D-League for a rehab start or two.          
 
 HOT:  Noah was pursuing his third career triple-double, and would have had it if any of the six shots that were missed off of his passes in the fourth quarter had been made. His previous triple-double was also against Boston, when he had 11 points, 13 rebounds and 10 assists on Dec. 18, 2012.  
 
 NOT:  Sullinger's hard foul on a drive by  Taj Gibson  ended up in a flagrant 1 foul. Boston's  Avery Bradley  was 3-for-10 from the field, while Bulls guard  Kirk Hinrich  continued his poor shooting by going 2-for-7 from the field. Hinrich is making only 33.5 percent of his shots this season.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I was actually very encouraged and the reason why is we played very physical."  --  Boston coach  Brad Stevens   
 
 
 BAD MOVE : In the final minutes, as the Bulls clearly tried to get Noah his 10th assist, Bulls coach  Tom Thibodeau  was clearly not amused, and displayed dismay over the way the team was playing.     
 
 QUOTABLE III : "He is a guy who always makes his teammates better. He makes some plays that will never be on the stat sheet by coming over and helping and being long. He is just a good all-around player."  --  Stevens on Noah 
 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  The Celtics played three rookies and got four points from Faverani and three points from  Kelly Olynyk . Boston's  Phil Pressey  was scoreless, as was the Bulls' swingman  Tony Snell .   
 
 NOTABLE : Thibodeau earned his NBA-leading (among coaches) sixth technical of the season in the second quarter... Boozer also got a technical and is tied with Noah for the team lead with three... the Celtics have lost five of their last six games... after hosting New Orleans Friday, the Celtics play five consecutive games at Western Conference sites... because of the weather, the Celtics were unable to fly out Thursday night for their home game Friday against New Orleans.       
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Saturday vs. Atlanta, Tuesday vs. Phoenix, Friday, Jan. 10 @ Milwaukee. For the Celtics, Friday vs. New Orleans, Sunday @ Oklahoma City, Tuesday @ Denver. 
