
 Jazz-Hawks notebook   By George Henry, for NBA.com Posted Saturday November 13, 2010 12:55AM  THE FACTS:   Deron Williams  scored 24 points,  Andrei Kirilenko  and  Al Jefferson  combined for 29 points and 22 rebounds, and the Utah Jazz beat the Atlanta Hawks 90-86 Friday night for their fourth straight victory.  Joe Johnson's  23 points led the Hawks, whose losing skid reached four games. QUOTABLE:  "It's a growing problem, and it won't be fixed until we get it in our minds that we have to be more focused about doing it. But we'll work on it every day in practice. I can guarantee you that."  --  Hawks coach  Larry Drew  on his team's recently poor rebounding efforts THE STAT:  20 for 20.  Zaza Pachulia,   Jeff Teague,   Jason Collins ,  Josh Powell  and rookie  Jordan Crawford  were the first Hawks to feel the brunt of a new team policy. All five had to do a 20-minute cardiovascular workout after the game because they didn't play 20 minutes. TURNING POINT:  The lead changed hands 13 times, but Utah went nearly 20 minutes of the second half either trailing or tied before  Paul Millsap's  jump shot put the Jazz ahead for good with 1:20 remaining. For the Jazz, one of the big differences was coach  Jerry Sloan's  decision early in the fourth quarter to switch defensive matchups and put Kirilekno on Johnson and  C.J. Miles  on  Marvin Williams . Despite playing most of the final period, Johnson and Williams were a combined 2-for-6 shooting from the field with no rebounds, no assists and no free-throw attempts. Williams was playing in his first game since missing the last four with a bruised knee. QUOTABLE II:  "I guess it's just that willpower. When you've got a coach like coach (Jerry) Sloan motivating you the way he does, he'll make you run through that brick wall."  --  Jefferson on his team's tendency to trail early in recent games before rallying to win HOT:  For the seventh time in his last eight games, Kirilenko scored in double figures. His season-high 12 rebounds included a game-high four on the offensive boards. NOT:  Hawks point guard  Mike Bibby  is averaging just 2.5 assists over the last four games. It hardly helped that the 12th-year veteran hit just one of five shots from the field and missed all three of his 3-point attempts. ROOKIE WATCH:  Utah forward  Jeremy Evans , playing his first game since Oct. 31, hit a turnaround jumper in the final seconds of the third to cut the Atlanta lead to six and dunked an alley-oop pass from  Earl Watson  early in the fourth. Evans, the 55th overall pick, missed the last two games with a sprained right wrist, but also was on the bench the previous four games due to coach's decision. Jazz guard Gordon Hayward, the NBA's ninth overall pick, did not play (coach's decision) for the first time this season. Hawks guard Jordan Crawford scored 14 points in 22 minutes. UP NEXT:  For the Jazz, Saturday @ Bobcats, Monday vs. Thunder. For the Hawks, Sunday vs. Timberwolves, Tuesday @ Pacers. 
