  Notebook: Nuggets 118, Hawks 117 Posted Wednesday March 14, 2012 1:04AM By Michael Kelly, for NBA.com THE FACTS:   Danilo Gallinari  hit a key 3-pointer at the end of regulation and then successfully defended  Zaza Pachulia 's last-second layup to help lift the Denver Nuggets over the Atlanta Hawks in overtime, 118-117 on Tuesday. Gallinari finished with 19 points,  Nene  had 22 and  Ty Lawson  21 for the Nuggets, who won for the second time in overtime on their current nine-game homestand. Joe Johnson  scored a season-high 34 points and  Josh Smith  also had a season-high 33 to go along with 13 rebounds for the Hawks. Pachulia also had 13 rebounds before missing the potential game-winning layup with 2.2 seconds left. QUOTABLE:  "There wasn't anything wrong with our execution. We ran it just like it was designed. It was the best executed play we ran all night."   -- Atlanta coach  Larry Drew , on the missed layup by Pachulia. THE STAT:  Nene came into the game shooting 66 percent from the free-throw line but was 6-for-6 from there Tuesday. His biggest free throws came with 26 seconds left in overtime that gave Denver the lead for good. TURNING POINT:  The Hawks seemed in control when they led by two and had the ball with nine seconds left in overtime. But a turnover led to Gallinari's corner 3-pointer that put Denver ahead 105-104. Then, with 1.1 seconds left,  Kirk Hinrich  stepped to the line with a chance to win it and hit just 1-for-2 free throws, forcing overtime. QUOTABLE II:  "That was disturbing. I made the harder one, the first one. And I couldn't make the last one at the end of the game."    -- Kirk Hinrich, on his two free throws. HOT:  Smith's fourth quarter. He scored 15 points on 6-for-7 shooting and his layup with 29 seconds left put the Hawks ahead 104-102. After he fouled out in overtime, Johnson took over with seven straight points that gave Atlanta a 117-112 lead. NOT:  Atlanta's defense in the first 24 minutes. Denver shot 60 percent in the first half and scored 64 points. The Hawks tightened things up in the second half and overtime. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Hawks co-owner  Bruce Levenson  said before the game there was "close to a zero chance" of the team trading Smith before Thursday's 3 p.m. ET trading deadline. Levenson said he wanted to dispel the rumors that reported Smith wanted out of Atlanta. GOOD MOVE:  Gallinari had his best game since returning from a severely sprained left ankle. The forward was assertive and active on both ends of the floor throughout the game, showing that he is finally finding his rhythm after struggling for three games. QUOTABLE III:  "I'm feeling better with my ankle and my legs. You sit out more than a month you're legs are not the same. It's going to take a while but I'm feeling better."   -- Danilo Gallinari. BAD MOVE:   Corey Brewer  gave the Nuggets a chance by forcing a turnover with nine seconds left in regulation. But his aggressive defense on Hinrich gave the guard two free throws that nearly cost them the game. NOTABLE:  Hawks forward  Marvin Williams  was injured and wasn't available at the end of regulation and in overtime except to inbounds the ball. ... Smith has scored 30 or more points four times this season. UP NEXT:  For the Hawks, Wednesday @ L.A. Clippers, Friday vs. Washington, Sunday @ Cleveland. For the Nuggets, Thursday vs. Oklahoma City, Saturday vs. Boston, Monday vs. Dallas.  