  Grizzlies-Nuggets notebook   By Michael Kelly, for NBA.com Posted Monday December 6, 2010 12:32AM THE FACTS: Nene  had 27 points and 11 rebounds,  Arron Afflalo  scored 25 and the Denver Nuggets survived a big third quarter from Memphis and held on to beat the Grizzlies 108-107 on Sunday night for their seventh straight win. QUOTABLE:  "I just take what the defense gives me and tonight my teammates saw me open and used me right."    -- Nene, on his double-double THE STAT:  Memphis' shooting percentage went down in the third quarter but they outscored the Nuggets 30-14 in the frame because Denver was 5-for-22 in the period. TURNING POINT:  For the Nuggets, the turning point came when the buzzer sounded to end the game. Every time Denver tried to separate from Memphis, the Grizzlies answered.  Mike Conley 's 3-pointer with .1 seconds left evoked a few gasps from the crowd, but  Chauncey Billups ' two free throws 3 seconds earlier had given Denver a four-point lead. HOT:  Nene has asserted himself in the past five games. He has averaged 18.4 points and 8.6 rebounds in that stretch. NOT:  Denver's  Carmelo Anthony  struggled from the field, going 4-for-20 while scoring just 13 points. His shot has been off the past three games; he is 14-for-51 in that stretch. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  With 18 points and 12 rebounds,  Zach Randolph  had his third double-double in his last five games and is averaging double figures in scoring and rebounding for the season. GOOD MOVE:  Memphis coach  Lionel Hollins  told his team to slow the pace in the second half and crank up the defense while taking care of the ball. After committing 13 turnovers in the first half, the Grizzlies had just four after intermission. BAD MOVE:  The Nuggets let up after holding a 21-point lead. With a four-game road trip ahead they played as if they left for the airport at halftime and it nearly cost them a win. QUOTABLE II:  "We felt they would let us back into the game. They're a team that plays off of spurts. They can go 9-for-10 from 3 and then go 0-for-12."   -- Conley, on his team's second-half comeback ROOKIE WATCH:  Memphis guard  Xavier Henry  had 17 points and an alley-oop layup off an inbounds pass with 5.3 seconds left that kept the Grizzlies' hopes for a comeback alive. NOTABLE:  Nuggets coach  George Karl  got his 999th win as a coach and has a chance to become the seventh coach in NBA history to reach 1,000 on Tuesday when his team plays at Charlotte. The task was made tougher when the team announced that  Chris Andersen  will miss up to two weeks with a fractured vertebrae in his lower back suffered in Friday's game against the Clippers. UP NEXT:  For the Grizzlies, Monday @ Utah, Wednesday @ Phoenix, Saturday @ L.A. Clippers. For the Nuggets, Tuesday @ Charlotte, Wednesday @ Boston, Friday @ Toronto.  