  Notebook: Raptors 92, Bobcats 87  Posted Tuesday April 3, 2012 11:17PM By Duane Watson, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The Toronto Raptors (19-35) defeated the Charlotte Bobcats (7-44) 92-87 on Tuesday night at the Air Canada Centre, winning back-to-back home games for the first time since December 2010. The win caps off a 5-game homestand where they went 3-2 and also halted a six game losing streak to the Bobcats. In a gritty and not necessarily pretty affair with 14,640 seemingly uninterested fans until the final stretch, the game went played out as one would expect from two of the poorer teams in the league. Andrea   Bargnani  scored a game-high 30 points, including 11 in the fourth quarter leading his team to an 11-17 record at home. But Charlotte's  Byron Mullens  made it a battle of the big men with his 20 points and career-best 14 rebounds, making a key block and trading baskets with Bargnani down the stretch. However, Mullens' 3-point shot to tie the game at 90 with 12 seconds on the clock air-balled and Bargnani subsequently knocked down both free throws to make it 92-87. Bargnani scored the last nine Raptors points and handed Charlotte their eighth loss in a row. DeMar DeRozan  scored 20 points for the Raptors and  Linas Kleiza  came off the bench to add 18,  Jose Calderon  added a game-high 11 assists.  D.J. Augustin  came off the Charlotte bench and added 18 points and 7 assists along with  Derrick Brown's  12 points and six rebounds.  Kemba Walker  was the only other starter in double digits with 10 points and 7 assists. QUOTABLE:  "We were 0-2 against this team, so it was a great win for us. In the fourth quarter they came back again and with our defense and offense made it through."   -- Raptors forward Bargnani THE STAT:  The Bobcats shot .403 from the field on 31-for-77 shooting and .333 per cent from the 3-point line. You can't shoot that poorly and expect to win, which is clearly indicative of the Bobcats season. TURNING POINT:  The Raptors lead for much of the game but the contest was always within reach for the Bobcats. With only four a point Raptors lead with under a minute left, Augustin's deep 3-point shot at 40 seconds brought the game to within 1 making it 87-88. But Bargnani's turn around jumper In the paint with 26 seconds left put the Raptors up 90-87 and was the go ahead basket. QUOTABLE II:  "I think when it comes down to me and Andrea, I kinda play off him a lot. He had it going in the first half and we kept going to him and in the second half, they started focusing on him more and I just picked up and tried to be aggressive and help us score.   -- Raptors guard  DeMar DeRozan HOT:  Bargnani scored 11 of the Raptors 21 points in the fourth quarter. Making free throws, points from beyond the 3-point line and his crucial game go-ahead basket in the paint, he led the Raptors throughout the game scoring 30 in total and stepped up when it appeared the game was about to slip away. BAD MOVE:  Augustin checked into the game in the second quarter scoring 8 points and 3 assists. He made 4 consecutive uncontested drives to the basket, as Calderon was unable to keep up with him. Raptors head coach  Dwane Casey  didn't make an adjustment and Augustin made them pay for it. NOTABLE:  Charlotte won the season series 2-1. ... The Raptors have won back-to-back games for the first time since Jan. 24-25. ... Bargnani has scored 25+ points in three of the last four games. ... With the loss Charlotte falls to 3-24 on the road. ... Charlotte's reserves scored 40 points. ...Toronto committed 10 turnovers, one shy of it's season-low. ... Rapper  Young Jeezy  was in attendance for the game tonight. UP NEXT:  Toronto goes on the road on Wednesday @ Philadelphia, Friday vs. Cleveland and Sunday @ Oklahoma City. Charlotte continues on it's road swing on Wednesday @ Atlanta, on Friday they are @ Milwaukee and return home on Saturday vs. Atlanta.  