
 Grizzlies-Wolves notebook   By Jim Beilby, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday February 23, 2011 11:44PM THE FACTS:  The Memphis Grizzlies handed the Minnesota Timberwolves their fifth straight loss, defeating them 104-95. The victory gave Memphis its 13th win in its last 16 games.  Zach Randolph  led Memphis with 24 points and 10 rebounds and  Mike Conley  had 22 points and nine assists in the winning effort. QUOTABLE:  "I feel like the pace [of the game] was ours. We ran when we had opportunities to run and we slowed it down when we didn't have numbers. We executed the way we are capable of executing."   -- Memphis coach  Lionel Hollins . THE STAT:  Minnesota grabbed more rebounds and had more steals than Memphis. But the game turned on Memphis' ability to get key stops and force Minnesota to miss shots that should have been easy. Minnesota only shot 37 percent from the field and less than 30 percent from beyond the arc. TURNING POINT:  After trailing for most of the game, Minnesota made a run early in the fourth quarter to get the game within three points, 81-78. This run was capped by back-to-back 3s by  Wayne Ellington , who led Minnesota in scoring with 16 points. Memphis answered decisively, extending their lead to 12 and making their free throws down the stretch to secure the victory. NOTABLE:  With his 15 points and 11 rebounds,  Kevin Love  tallied his 44th straight double-double, matching  Moses Malone 's streak during the 1982-82 seasons. The next longest streak is also Malone's, who tallied a 51 game streak of double-doubles spanning the 1978-79 and 1979-80 seasons. -- Regarding the streak, Love said, "I was aware of [being one rebound shy with less than three minutes to play]. In some ways I was like 'Okay, I want to tie this thing,' but in a lot of ways I was like 'I just wish this thing would end so I could go out there and just start playing again." UP NEXT:  For the Wolves, Friday vs. Toronto, Sunday vs. Golden State, Tuesday vs. L.A. Lakers. For the Grizzlies, Saturday vs. Sacramento, Sunday @ San Antonio, Tuesday vs. San Antonio. 
