  Notebook: Celtics 86, Hawks 84 Posted Thursday April 12, 2012 1:10AM By Brian Robb, for NBA.com THE FACTS: Rajon Rondo  delivered yet another triple-double as the Boston Celtics held off the Atlanta Hawks 86-84 in an overtime thriller for their fourth straight win. Boston's All-Star point guard posted 10 points, 10 rebounds and 20 assists in the nip and tuck affair during which Atlanta had chances for the win at the end of both regulation and overtime but came up short.  Kevin Garnett  (22 points, 12 rebounds) and  Brandon Bass  (21 points, 10 rebounds) had double-doubles for the Celts' who have now won 11 of their last 14 games.  Jeff Teague  posted a team-high 22 points and six assists for the Hawks, and  Josh Smith  added 20 points and 11 rebounds as the visitors had their three-game winning streak snapped. QUOTABLE:  ""It took a group effort tonight. You think about your summer workouts, those workouts are to be ready for nights like this."   -- Garnett THE STAT:  Rondo's triple-double was his sixth of the season. Comparatively, all other players in the NBA have nine triple-doubles combined this year. The sixth-year guard also continued his streak of double-digit assists which now stands at 19 straight games. TURNING POINT:  Despite not scoring for the final 3:25 of overtime, the Celtics limited the Hawks to just two points over the closing moments. Atlanta's cold spell was capped off by a missed 3-pointer by Smith with four seconds remaining in overtime, allowing Boston to regain possession and escape with the hard-fought win. HOT:  Bass -- Garnett may be getting a lot of the headlines, but the stellar play of Boston's midseason addition to the starting lineup has been a tremendous factor in the team's recent hot streak. With his second straight double-double overall, Bass is now averaging 17 points, 8.7 rebounds and 62.8 percent shooting from the field in his last three games. NOT: Joe Johnson  -- Atlanta's leading scorer failed to sustain a strong offensive outing in the second half, missing seven of nine shots after intermission, including all three attempts in overtime. QUOTABLE II:  "I think we definitely should of won. Like I said, we had plenty of chances to win this game, but that's neither here nor there. They pulled it out in the end."   -- Johnson FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Teague -- The Hawks floor general continues to cement himself as an elite point guard in the NBA with his recent play. The former Wake Forest star had his fourth straight game shooting over 50 percent while scoring in double-digits and is now averaging 18.2 points over that time frame, six above his season average. ROOKIE WATCH:  Boston center  Greg Stiemsma  continues to deliver consistent minutes and offense to Celts' all while battling foul trouble on a nightly basis. He finished with six points, eight rebounds and a block tonight before fouling out in 24 minutes. NOTABLE: In  a surprise move for Boston,  Mickael Pietrus  returned to action for the first time since suffering a concussion last month in Philadelphia. The veteran swingman showed little rust, finishing with eight points and six rebounds in 28 minutes.  Ray Allen  did not suit up for Boston due to a sore right ankle. The injury kept him out of six straight games last month, but he will travel with the team for their upcoming four-game road trip, although his status remains day-to-day. Boston had their biggest rebounding edge of the year, 56-39. The Hawks shot a season low 10 percent from downtown (2 of 20). With the victory, Boston clinched the season series and the tiebreaker edge. Both teams are now tied for the fourth spot in the Eastern Conference with Orlando. Garnett fouled out with 2:43 remaining in overtime. UP NEXT:  For the Hawks, Friday @ Orlando, Sunday vs. Toronto, Monday @ Toronto. For the Celtics, Friday @ Toronto, Saturday @ New Jersey Sunday @ Charlotte.  