Notebook:  Bobcats 104, Raptors 102 
 
 
 Scott Campsall, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Dec 18, 2013 11:23 PM - Updated Wed Dec 18, 2013 11:23 PM 
 
 THE FACT:   Kemba Walker  drilled a mid-range buzzer-beating jumper in overtime to snap the Bobcats three-game losing streak at the Air Canada Centre.  
 
 THE LEAD:  Walker scored four of his 29 points in overtime to lift the Charlotte Bobcats (12-14) over the Toronto Raptors (9-14) 104-102 Wednesday night.  Al Jefferson  buoyed Charlotte's interior with 24 points and a team-high 11 rebounds, helping the Bobcats to their second win in as many nights. 
 
 DeMar DeRozan  lead the Raptors with a game-high 30 points to go along with six rebounds.  Kyle Lowry  helped keep the Raptors alive with some big buckets down the stretch of the fourth quarter and overtime. He scored16 points and dished out six assist.  
 DeRozan had a chance to give the Raptors the lead late in overtime, but split a pair of free throws, leaving one second on the clock to set up Walker's heroics.  
 Lowry sent the game to overtime by making a 3-pointer with 12 seconds left in the fourth, capping off what was a seesaw quarter that featured six lead changes and three ties.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "It was a good screen by Al [Jefferson], a great pass by  Josh [McRoberts]  and then obviously Kemba [Walker], which is his nature, drilled the big shot. Its good to win on the road. We were down double digits in the first half, played a lot better. The guys that were in there really battled hard, so it's a really good team win." 
 -- Charlotte Bobcats head coach  Steve Clifford  on the game- winning play.  
 
 
 THE STAT:   The Bobcats are not known for their 3-point shooting. However, on Wednesday it proved to be a big reason why they were able to pull out the victory. Charlotte shot 8-of-15 (53.3 percentage) from beyond the arc. As a team, they entered play shooting 29 percent from 3-point territory.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  Midway through the third quarter, it appeared as though the Raptors had this game in hand. Toronto lead by as many 16 before the Bobcats stormed back, going on a 25-9 run to close the frame, tying the game at 70.  Walker and Jefferson combined for 21 points in that key third period. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I wanted the basketball. I wanted to make that shot and I was just happy to get the opportunity."  
 -- Bobcats guard Walker on wanting the ball on the final play. 
 
 
 HOT:  Walker and Jefferson combined to score over half of the Bobcats total points with 53, 21 of which came in that big third quarter.  
 
 HOT:  Bobcat sub  Anthony Tolliver  was extremely solid in his brief stint on the floor. Tolliver scored 10 points and had four rebounds in less than 13 minutes of floor time.  
 
 NOT:  Despite having six assists, Raptors guard  Greivis Vasquez  made just four of his 14 attempts on the night. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "This was good because we were down 16 and could have easily given up. All of a sudden we just turned it on, on the defensive end. We got stops and rebounds. They were killing us in the first half, just doing what they wanted to do, offensive rebounds, posting up how they wanted. We just let them do what they wanted to do. We got out stops and were able to get on a run."  
 -- Bobcats forward  Al Jefferson  on his team's comeback. 
 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Raptors head coach  Dwane  Casey opted to play  Jonas Valanciunas  just 16 minutes in regulation despite his strong defensive effort slowing Jefferson in the paint.  
 
 NOTABLE:   Chuck Hayes  dressed for the first time as Raptor Wednesday, but did not enter the game...Bobcats forward  Michael Kidd-Gilchrest  missed his sixth straight game with a fractured left hand... Final Attendance was 15,201, which was a season low for the Raptors.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Raptors, Thursday @ Dallas, Sunday @ Oklahoma City and Monday @ San Antonio. For the Bobcats, Friday @ Detroit, Saturday vs. Utah and Monday vs. Milwaukee.  
