  Notebook: Spurs 110, Suns 106 Posted Thursday April 26, 2012 2:06AM By Mike Tulumello, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The San Antonio Spurs rested their three stars Wednesday night, but they still had enough to beat a Phoenix Suns team that was out of the playoffs but needed a "W" to finish with a winning season. The Suns led 94-88 with 5:55 left, but the Spurs dominated the closing minutes and won, 110-106, Wednesday night in Phoenix. The game had the strong feel of a farewell for  Steve Nash , who has played the past eight years for the Suns (he's played 10 years for them in two stints). He will be a free agent in the offseason. In the final 5:00, with Nash resting for what was possibly the final time, the entire crowd stood and chanted "We want Steve." With 3:57 left, Suns coach  Alvin Gentry  put him back in the game. He threw an errant pass that led to a layup. Then, with 3:30 left, he came out, a move that disappointed the fans but drew another standing ovation. "I wanted to see if we could win with  Sebastian (Telfair)  and the other guys in," Gentry said. "We wanted to see if some other guys could do some things. We have a lot of decisions to make." But when the crowd spoke, "I stuck him back in there so he could get an ovation." Nash said, "It was amazing ... very special ... to get that type of spontaneous reaction. But it was authentic. "If this is my last game, it will be a night to remember." The Suns were eliminated the previous night in Utah, so Nash said he didn't have the time to put his Suns' career in perspective. As for his future, he said, "I'll have to sit down and consider my options. But I'm in no rush. "It's a lot of speculation at this point. Honestly, I have no clue." Nash reiterated he'd like to play three more seasons. As for the Suns, "The team could use more playmakers ... You could go for more bigs ...a  20-point scorer or more playmakers. "I want our team to be as competitive as possible if I return." The Spurs sat out  Tim Duncan ,  Manu Ginobili  and  Tony Parker  and will do so Thursday night in their season-closer at Golden State. Those three stars returned to San Antonio before the game. Also, coach  Gregg Popovich  returned to San Antonio for personal reasons. Assistant  Mike Budenholzer  took his place. For the Suns,  Grant Hill  (knee) and  Channing Frye  (shoulder) sat out. The Spurs (49-16) remained tied with the Chicago Bulls for the league's best record. Each team has one game left. They were led by  Patty Mills  with 27 points and  Tiago Splitter  with 26 points, both career highs. The Suns (33-33) got 21 points from  Shannon Brown  and 20 points from Telfair. QUOTABLE:  "He's the most low-maintenance superstar you could ever deal with. He's all about the team. ... He's been the guy who's made all the plays. He's been the heart of the team. For me, having the opportunity to coach him for eight years is something everybody should be able to experience."    -- Gentry, in what sounded like a farewell, summing up the Nash era. THE STAT:  The Suns, at one point 12-19, made the NBA's biggest "comeback" to go three games over .500 (30-27 and 33-30) before finishing 33-33. They were 20-12 after the All-Star break. "We were 12-19 and didn't have a lot of answers. But Alvin wouldn't let us relent," Nash said. TURNING POINT:  Trailing 94-88 midway through the fourth quarter, the Spurs -- led by  DeJuan Blair , Splitter and  Cory Joseph --  went on a decisive 15-2 run to take a 103-96 lead. QUOTABLE II:  "We've got to improve the talent level. We have have a guy at some position who we can throw the ball to, who can get a get a basket or get to the foul line."    -- Gentry on the Suns' shortcomings. HOT:  Splitter shot 10-for-13 for the Spurs. NOT:   Hakim Warrick  shot 0-for-8 for the Suns. INSIDE THE ARENA:  The Suns failed to sell out a game this season. ROOKIE WATCH:  The Spurs' Joseph shot 2-for-6 for nine points. NOTABLE : In addition to Nash, the future of 17-year veteran Hill is uncertain. Hill, after serving for the previous four years as an iron man. (he missed just 15 games total, 12 in one season), managed to play in just 49 of the 66 this season, including only three of the last 17 games ... In Nash's final five games, he averaged a modest 11.0 points on 49 percent shooting, plus 8.4 assists and 4.8 turnovers. UP NEXT:  Spurs, Thursday @ Golden State, then will face Utah Jazz in playoffs. Suns are done.  