  Notebook: Lakers 88, Hornets 85 Posted Saturday March 31, 2012 7:06PM By Melanie Neff, for NBA.com THE FACTS: Kobe Bryant  made only three shots Saturday, but his third was the biggest -- a go-ahead 3-pointer with 20.2 left in the game that helped lead the Lakers to an 88-85 victory over the Hornets at Staples Center. It was a game the Lakers should have won easily, playing against a Hornets team with only eight players. Bryant, who missed his first 15 shots and finished 3-for-21 from the field, gave the Lakers their first lead since the 4:45 mark in the third quarter with his 3-pointer. It was  Pau Gasol  and  Andrew Bynum  who kept the Lakers in the game, scoring 21 and 19 points, respectively, but it was their defense in the closing minutes that sealed the victory. Bynum blocked two shots and Gasol one in the final 4:09 to keep the Lakers close, before they closed out the final 1:28 with an 8-0 run. Both big men recorded double-doubles for the Lakers, with Gasol pulling down 11 rebounds and Bynum grabbing 10. Not to be outdone,  Ramon Sessions  had 10 points and 10 assists, as the the Lakers improved to 32-20 and 21-5 at home. The Hornets, playing without starters  Chris Kaman ,  Eric Gordon  and  Emeka Okafor , gave the Lakers all they could handle.  Jarrett Jack , who was questionable before the game with a sprained ankle, stepped up for the Hornets, who have continued to play hard despite being plagued with injuries. Jack finished 18 points and 10 assists and  Jason Smith  added a double-double of his own with 17 points and 10 rebounds.  Greivis Vasquez  and  Al-Farouq Aminu  added 12 and 10 points, respectively. The loss drops the Hornets to 13-39 overall and 8-18 on the road. QUOTABLE:  "It was awful. The shots I was taking were good shots and makeable, but they just weren't going in. But the crowd had my back and I have great teammates to get us through it."    -- Kobe Bryant on his worst shooting performance in 14 years THE STAT:  Bryant was 0-for-7 from 3-point territory and 0-for-15 from the field before burying the go-ahead 3-pointer. TURNING POINT:  Bryant hit his first field goal of the game with 7:30 remaining that pulled the Lakers within eight at 75-67, and got the home crowd back into the game. The Lakers stepped up the defense at that point and slowly crept closer. Foul shots by Bynum and Bryant pulled them to within two at 85-83, before Bryant hit his back-breaking 3-pointer. QUOTABLE II:  "He is Kobe Bryant. He is going to find a way to score and he's going to will his team to win. He's an amazing, hall of fame player."  --  Jason Smith on Bryant's struggles HOT:  Gasol converted 8-for-14 from the field had 11 rebounds, three assists and two blocked shots. Gasol scored seven points in each of the first three quarters, keeping the offense alive while Bryant struggled. NOT:  Bryant missed 18 of 21 shots. The last time Bryant went scoreless for the first three quarters when he played more than 20 minutes, was March 28, 1998 against Utah. Bryant will be happy to see March disappear. He has seen his shooting percentage fall from a respectable 45.5% for the month of January to under 40% for March. QUOTABLE III:  "It's no surprise that we fight and give ourselves a chance to win. They played with class and guys were out there hobbling and limping around and still playing. The thing that is disappointing to me is we have got some guys on our team that could give us more but they are sitting there watching. That's the bottom line. It's hard to describe that in this day and age. I've got Jason Smith out there, knees hurting, hip,  Lance [Thomas]  with ice all over his body, Jarrett Jack has an ankle and they just give it up every night. Those eight guys made me a proud coach tonight."  --  Hornets coach  Monty Williams  on his team's injuries GOOD MOVE:  Lakers coach  Mike Brown  sat Bryant to start the fourth quarter, but brought him back in with 7:52 in the game. Bryant made his first shot of the game 22 seconds later. NOTABLE:  It was a much-needed win for the Lakers, who have lost three of their last five at home after starting the season 19-2 at the Staples Center. Losing to the last-place Hornets wouldn't have done much for the team's already wavering confidence. The victory keeps the Lakers one game ahead of the Clippers in the Pacific Division. UP NEXT:  For the Hornets, Sunday @ Phoenix, Wednesday vs. Denver, Friday @ San Antonio. For the Lakers, Sunday vs. Golden State, Tuesday vs. New Jersey, Wednesday @ Los Angeles Clippers.  