  Heat-Hawks notebook   By Matt Winkeljohn, for NBA.com Posted Monday April 11, 2011 11:18PM THE FACTS:  The Heat clinched the No. 2 seed in the East Monday, but had to work a lot harder than they wanted to in a 98-90 win in Atlanta in which they toyed with the Hawks for the better part of three quarters Monday before a strange thing happened: Miami --  LeBron James, Dwyane Wade  and  Chris Bosh  included -- couldn't handle Atlanta's zone or bench. Hawks coach  Larry Drew  did not play his starters for one second in the fourth quarter as Atlanta roared back from a 20-point deficit to tie the game with 3:28 left on  Jamal Crawford's  technical free throw. Atlanta's bench outscored Miami's bench 44-14, and James and Wade were 1-2 among all scorers with 34 and 21 points, respectively. Yet the key to the game came when  James Jones  -- a Miami sub -- hit back-to-back three-pointers with a foul shot in between after the game was tied. The Heat's sixth win in the past seven games coupled with Boston's overtime loss to Washington secured the No. 2 spot. Atlanta -- locked into the No. 5 seed -- lost its fifth straight game, falling for the 11th time in the final 17 home games. Miami led 62-46 at halftime, and 76-56 with 3:32 left in the third. Starting forward  Josh Smith  scored 17 to lead Atlanta, but the Hawks were paced by their bench. Crawford scored 13,  Jeff Teague  added 10,  Zaza Pachulia  had nine points and five rebounds,  Damien Wilkins  had eight points and five rebounds and  Josh Powell  had four points and three rebounds. QUOTABLE:  "This game was just as important to us as [Sunday's win against Boston] because it's drawing closer to wrapping up the 2 seed. We're finding ways to win ball games, and that matters. Sometimes it's not pretty, sometimes it is, but we're doing the little things necessary to win. Tht's what will matter in the playoffs."  --  Wade, in summation. THE STAT:  Jones fired the telling shots for Miami, but the Heat won this game because their starters out-scored Atlanta's starters 84-46 and out-rebounded them 27-17. TURNING POINT:  After Atlanta tied the game in the fourth quarter with a 19-6 run, Miami coach  Erik Spoelstra  subbed in James Jones -- the NBA's three-point shooting champion -- after the Heat's  Zydrunas Ilgauskas  was ejected for complaining that Pachulia was brutalizing him and his teammates. Twelve seconds later, the Heat swung the ball around and James fired it to Jones in the right corner. He drained a trey with 3:16 left. Powell fouled him, and Jones' free throw was good for 92-88 lead. Wade blocked shots by Crawford and Powell on Atlanta's ensuing possession, and the Hawks then had a shot clock violation. Following that, Wade passed to Jones for another three-pointer that all but finished off the Hawks. Those seven points were all Jones scored Monday. QUOTABLE II:  "They went to the zone and took us a little bit out of the rhythm . . . but we found a way to grind it out and make some stops there at the end. Finally, I just turned to the bench and got our zone killer [Jones] in there. We were able to calm down. We hadn't seen a zone in a while, and it kind of caught us off guard. [Jones is] a professional, and he has ice in his veins."  --  Spoelstra on Jones and his acceptance of his role. HOT:  James has made 30-of-55 shots (54.5 percent) over the past three games, . . .  Joel Anthony  is still not shooting much for the Heat, but he's shooting well and a little more often. He made both his shots, and has made 10-of-12 over the past four games. He added eight rebounds. . . . Wade made all six of his shots in the second quarter -- including a buzzer-beating layup to close the half -- while scoring 13 points. . . . Josh Smith, who was playing for the first time after missing three games with a sprained left knee, scored 13 points in the third quarter. He made six-of-seven shots, including a three-pointer. NOT: Kirk Hinrich  scored just one point (on a technical free throw) and missed all six of his shots. That followed a three-point effort in Atlanta's 32-point loss Saturday in Washington. He made one-of-five shots in that game. . . . Atlanta's  Joe Johnson  averaged 12.5 points in four games against Miami, most of the time with Wade defending him. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Atlanta Falcons defensive coordinator  Brian Van Gorder  was at the game. GOOD MOVE:  Drew's decision to ride with his bench nearly paid off in what would have been a remarkably improbable win. Of Atlanta's starters, Hinrich (one point, no rebounds, three assists, two turnovers) did not play over the final 17:45,  Marvin Williams  was out for the final 16:26,  Al Horford  was out for the final 14:51, and Johnson and Smith were out for the final 12:42. Drew's decision to dust off the zone helped, too. QUOTABLE III:  "It's about effort. It has nothing with X's and nothing with O's. It's about going out there and putting forth the effort. I thought they played hard. I thought they came in and played with a lot of energy. They were attacked, they didn't settle. We forced them to bring their starters back."  --  Drew on his bench. NOTABLE:  Miami won three of four games this season against Atlanta, including both games in Philips Arena. UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Wednesday @ the Raptors. For the Hawks, Wednesday @ the Bobcats.  