  Thunder-Heat notebook   By Shandel Richardson, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday March 16, 2011 11:59PM THE FACTS:  The Oklahoma City Thunder defeated the Miami Heat 96-85 Wednesday at AmericanAirlines Arena. The Thunder won their fifth straight game while snapping the Heat's three-game winning streak. Despite neither team shooting well, the Thunder were able to play better defense and relied on the play of forward  Kevin Durant.  He finished with a game-high 29 points. Guard  Russell Westbrook  scored 18 points while reserve guard  James Harden  added 12 points. The Heat struggled in the second half, scoring just 40 points.  Chris Bosh  and  Dwyane Wade  each scored 21 points, but combined to shoot 13 of 38.  LeBron James  finished with 19 points. QUOTABLE:  "Tough game, and they beat us in a lot of the tough-area categories, particularly on the glass."   -Heat coach  Erik Spoelstra   THE STAT:  The Heat was just 3 of 17 from 3-point range while the Thunder hit 9 of 20 from beyond the arc. TURNING POINT:  The Heat were in the process of making a comeback when they trailed 85-78 with three minutes remaining. Wade drove the lane for a layup, but missed. He complained about not drawing a foul while  James Harden  hit a 3-pointer to make it a 10-point game. QUOTABLE II:  "This was a good win against a team on the road. I told the guys before the game, it's a big game but there are 82 of them. We can't treat this game any different than we did Washington last game or Charlotte coming up Friday night."     - Thunder coach  Scott Brooks HOT:  Durant made up for a poor performance the last time he faced the Heat in a loss in Oklahoma City Jan. 30. He made 12 of 21 from the field, hitting 2 of 3 from the 3-point line. NOT:  The Heat's Big Three of James, Wade and Bosh combined to shoot 21 of 69, one of their worst outings of the season. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Durant was effective in just about every phase. He grabbed seven rebounds and also had six assists. Shooting at high percentage should have made fantasy owners happy. GOOD MOVE:  The Heat closed the first half with a furious to steal all momentum heading into halftime. What the Thunder did to start the third quarter was the difference in the game. They withstood the Heat's best punch, and never lost poise. BAD MOVE:  The Heat reverted to their same old bench struggles. The reserves combined for just 23 points, giving little help to James, Wade and Bosh. The Thunder's reserves scored 31 points, but they came during meaningful stretches while most of the Heat's bench activity came after the outcome was decided. NOTABLE:  This was  Kevin Durant's  first time defeating  LeBron James  in seven tries. ... The Thunder improved to 8-1 in March. ... The Heat played without center  Zydrunas Ilgauskas , who missed his third consecutive game because of a foot infection. He is questionable for Friday's game against the Atlanta Hawks. ... The Heat are 3-9 in games where they shoot less than 40 percent from the field.  UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Friday @ Atlanta, Saturday vs. Denver, Wednesday @ Detroit. For the Thunder, Friday vs. Charlotte, Sunday vs. Toronto, Wednesday vs. Utah.  