  Notebook: Spurs 116, Timberwolves 100 Posted Thursday March 22, 2012 12:23AM By Tim Price, for NBA.com     THE FACTS: Tony Parker  left the game for the Spurs with tightness in his left hamstring in the first quarter, but  Tim Duncan  scored 21 points and had 15 rebounds (he's one away from his 725th career double-double) and pulled San Antonio to a 116-100 victory over the Minnesota Timberwolves on Wednesday at AT&T Center. Duncan did not play the fourth quarter as the Spurs (30-14) led by as many as 23. There is no timetable for Parker, who has been averaging a career-high 34.5 minutes this season. Minnesota (23-25) played without big man  Nikola Pekovic  and for the second game in a row could get only 11 minutes out of  Michael Beasley . Pekovic was sent home to Minneapolis to have his sore left ankle examined, and Beasley has been gimpy the past week on a left big toe sprain. QUOTABLE:  "This is the Tim I have always known. He's moving great. From watching him from last year to now, he definitely looks like the old Tim Duncan. To get to where we want to be, we're going to need him to play like that."    -- Recently acquired swingman  Stephen Jackson , speaking about being reunited with Duncan THE STAT:  Without the bulky Pekovic inside, the Timberwolves had little help for  Kevin Love  on the boards. The Spurs jumped out to a 6-0 advantage in offensive rebounds and ended the game ahead 17-9 in that category, 56-41 overall in rebounds. TURNING POINT:  The Timberwolves, down 78-65 with three minutes left in the third quarter, attempted to cut the Spurs' lead to 10 for the first time since the opening minute of the second half.  Anthony Tolliver, Luke Ridnour  and Love each put up a 3-pointer in one possession, each missing, and the Spurs quickly converted on the other end when Duncan rebounded and fired an outlet pass to the streaking  Kawhi Leonard  for an uncontested fastbreak dunk. San Antonio finished the third quarter by outscoring the Timberwolves 13-6 for a 20-point leading heading into the fourth quarter. QUOTABLE II:  "We're going to need a full roster if we're going to win against teams like this. (Pekovic) is huge for us. He's the guy we can throw it into and know we can get easy buckets and keep the other team off the glass. It was tough for us."    -- Love HOT:  Jackson got his most significant playing time since being ushered into Milwaukee coach  Scott Skiles ' doghouse a month ago. Recently acquired by the Spurs after his trade from Milwaukee to Golden State (the Spurs sent  Richard Jefferson  and a first-round pick to Oakland for Jackson), Jackson hit five of his first six shots, his first three 3-pointers, and he completed the game with 16 points in 22 minutes off the bench. NOT:  Timberwolves coach  Rick Adelman  has played Ridnour and  J.J. Barea  on the floor together more recently. Barea had solid production, hitting 7-of-13 shots including both his 3-pointers for 18 points and 11 assists. But Ridnour struggled through a 1-for-7 game, got to the free-throw line only twice in 25 1/2 minutes and had four points, two turnovers and one assist. It got to the point in the fourth quarter that Adelman kept Barea in the game and sat Ridnour. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Duncan essentially racked up his double-double in half a game. Not only did he not play in the fourth quarter, he had to adjust with Parker off the floor in the second quarter; Duncan was 0-for-4 in five minutes in the second. He's rung up a double-double in three of his last four games, averaging 19.3 points  and 15.7 rebounds in those games. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Wearing his now-trademark bowtie, former Spurs player  Bruce Bowen  sat courtside and had his No. 12 jersey retired by the team in a ceremony after the game. Bowen was All-NBA defensive player eight times and played on the last three Spurs championship teams ('03, '05 and '07). GOOD MOVE:  The first substitution  Gregg Popovich  often makes for the Spurs brings Duncan off the floor for a rest. But when  Tiago Splitter  checked into the game in the first quarter, Popovich pulled  DeJuan Blair  and left Duncan out there to take advantage of the extra space he had with Pekovic out of the game. Duncan finished the first quarter with an active stat sheet: 5-for-9 from the floor, six rebounds (three offensive), two assists and a blocked shot. BAD MOVE:  The Timberwolves were crying out for an inside presence, and  Darko Milicic  could fill that need. Instead, he's found no more patience from Adelman, who has sat Milicic six of the last seven games including tonight. Adelman contends Milicic is out of shape and has shown little desire. ROOKIE WATCH:  Leonard started his 19th game of the season for San Antonio and barely missed his fourth double-double with 16 points and nine rebounds. NOTABLE:   Derrick Williams  got the start in place of Pekovic. He had nine points and seven rebounds in 36 1/2 minutes. ...  Matt Bonner  missed his first game of the season. He started experiencing tightness in his back after the Spurs' practice on Tuesday. ... The Timberwolves were looking to sweep the season series with the Spurs for the first time since the 1996-97 campaign. ... Minnesota has not won in San Antonio in 15 games, a streak dating back to January 2004. ... The Timberwolves wrap up their seven-game road trip Friday at Oklahoma City. They're 2-4 so far. They're in the midst of a schedule where they play 11 of 13 games away from home. UP NEXT:  For the Timberwolves, Friday @ Oklahoma City, Sunday vs. Denver, Tuesday @ Memphis. For the Spurs, Friday vs. Dallas, Saturday @ New Orleans, Sunday vs. Philadelphia.  