
 Bucks-Wizards notebook   By Rich Dubroff, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday February 9, 2011 10:36PM THE FACTS:   Nick Young  scored 26 points and  JaVale McGee  had 16 points and 17 rebounds, leading the Washington Wizards to a 100-85 win over the Milwaukee Bucks on Wednesday night. The win broke a season-high eight-game losing streak for Washington. Six Wizards scored in double figures.  Cartier Martin  and  John Wall  had 15,  Andray Blatche  scored 12 and  Kirk Hinrich  had 10. Washington took the lead in the early minutes, and Milwaukee, losers of five of six, never was able to seriously challenge in the second half as the Wizards led by as many as 22.  Brandon Jennings  led the Bucks with 20 points. QUOTABLE:  "Every day, we've been talking trash -- getting on each other's butts."   --Nick Young on the Wizards' intensity in practice carrying over to the game. THE STAT:  Washington was 10-for-16 from the 3-point line. Milwaukee was 4-for-14. In their last three games, the Bucks have missed 34 of 44 3-pointers (22.7 percent). TURNING POINT:  Leading 47-39 early in the third quarter, Young scored 13 points in the quarter -- including two emphatic dunks and two 3-pointers. The Wizards outscored Milwaukee 27-13 for a 74-52 lead with 2:47 left -- and the game was effectively over. QUOTABLE II:  "We've got to play better -- all the way around. We've got to play with more intensity, guard better, have to shoot the ball, execute better. We have to do everything better."   -- Bucks coach  Scott Skiles  on his teams' lackluster performance. HOT:  Young hit 10-for-19, including three dunks, and one particularly memorable one where he soared and dunked over  Carlos Delfino . The three dunks hadn't happened before, Young said.. "Ain't that the first?" NOT:  Even though Jennings scored 20 points, he shot just 9-for-24. The 24 shots were the most he's attempted since Nov. 20. "Still struggling with my outside shot. No legs," Jennings said. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Milwaukee C  Andrew Bogut  had 12 points, but they were far between. He had eight points in the first 7:20, but didn't score again until 3:42 remained. It's been an uncomfortable season for Bogut. GOOD MOVE:  The Wizards were without  Jianlian Yi  (sprained left ankle) and  Al Thornton  (dislocated right thumb), and as a result, they needed Young more than ever, and he secured the game by the end of the third quarter. BAD MOVE:  Jennings was frustrated, trying to guard Young. "He takes a lot of tough shots," Jennings said. "But they go in, so you got to kind of expect it every time." ROOKIE WATCH:  Wall had 16 points, seven rebounds and six assists. Washington C  Kevin Seraphin  had two points and three fouls in seven minutes. Wizards F  Trevor Booker  had one point and three rebounds in 12 minutes. The Bucks' only rookie, F/C  Larry Sanders , was inactive with back spasms. INSIDE THE ARENA:  The biggest cheer from the crowd of 16,108 came when Milwaukee's Bogut missed two free throws in the fourth quarter -- ensuring free Chick-Fil-A sandwiches to fans. NOTABLE:  Bogut blocked four shots. He has a block in his last 22 games. UP NEXT:  For the Bucks: Friday @ Grizzles, Saturday vs. Pacers, Monday vs. Clippers. For the Wizards: Saturday vs. Spurs, Sunday @ Cavaliers, Feb. 16 @ Magic 
