Notebook: Wolves 120, Blazers 109 
 
 
 Peter Kapsner, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Thu Dec 19, 2013 12:29 AM - Updated Thu Dec 19, 2013 12:44 AM 
 
 THE FACT:   Kevin Love 's 29-point, 15-rebound, nine-assist, four-3 game was just the third time a player has done that deed since 1985 (Larry Bird, Vince Carter). 
 
 THE LEAD:  Behind Love's outpouring, the Timberwolves took down the league-leading Portland Trail Blazers 120-109 at Target Center Wednesday night. Playing their fourth game in five nights, the tired Blazers (22-5) could not match Minnesota's (13-13) intensity and energy in the first half as Minnesota scored 56 points in the first 17 minutes to take a 26-point lead -- a hole ultimately too big for Portland to dig out of.  
 The Blazers did try to shoot themselves back into the game, however, flinging up 40 3-point attempts. The strategy worked as they managed to crawl to within five with 46 seconds left. But  Corey Brewer  made a big steal shortly thereafter to seal the win.  Damon Lillard  led all scorers with 36 points, while  Nikola Pekovic  finished with a team-high 30 points for Minnesota. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "By the time we actually started getting it done on the [offensive] end and make some shots we were digging ourselves out of a hole. That made it that much tougher."  
 -- Damian Lillard  
 
 
 THE STAT:  Love dominated his matchup with fellow MVP candidate  LaMarcus Aldridge,  particularly early. Love had 17 points, 10 rebounds, and six assists in the first 16 minutes of the game. Aldridge, meanwhile, had four points, two rebounds and two assists in that same stretch. He finished with 15 points and 14 rebounds on the night. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I did think I was looking at it right in the face tonight but [a triple double] just didn't happen for me. The guys kept saying 'just get one more [assist]' ... one assist shy, that kind of hurts."  
 --Kevin Love 
 
 
 TURNING POINT:  With the Timberwolves up 20-18 in the first quarter, Love hit  Ricky Rubio  on a great backdoor cut for an easy lay-up. That move sparked a 42-12 run over the next 12 minutes, putting the Wolves up by 32. 
 
 HOT:  After winning back-to-back games with last second shots, Lillard went crazy in the second half. He launched shots from all over the court, undeterred by double-teams and distance. He finished with 26 points over the final 24 minutes and almost single-handedly brought the Blazers back. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "When you pull up from 45 feet, you don't expect that [from Lillard]...the fourth quarter, he was just drilling it."  
 -- Rick Adelman 
 
 
 NOT:  The Blazers, 29th in the league in points in the paint, got absolutely destroyed inside again tonight by the physical Wolves, losing the interior battle 72-34. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Even as the Timberwolves struggled in the third quarter to deal with the unconscious Lillard, they didn't panic and kept methodically pounding the ball inside to Pekovic who couldn't miss either. He was 13-for-16 at one point, including three straight baskets to keep the Blazers from getting too much momentum. 
 
 NOTABLE: Kevin Martin  returned to the Wolves lineup tonight after missing Monday's contest against Boston with a sore knee...Portland has used the same starting lineup every game this season, the only team with that distinction...In the previous two games, Lillard became just the fourth player in the last 15 years to hit the game-winning shot with less than two seconds left in consecutive games. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Wolves, Friday @ L.A. Lakers, Sunday @ L.A. Clippers, Friday, 12/27 vs. Washington.  For the Trail Blazers, Saturday vs. New Orleans, Thursday, 12/26 vs. L.A. Clippers, Saturday, 12/28 vs. Miami.  
