Notebook: Pistons 87, Celtics 77 
 
 
 Dana Gauruder, NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Nov 03, 2013 10:01 PM - Updated Sun Nov 03, 2013 10:01 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  Point guard  Brandon Jennings , who scored 14 points in his Detroit Pistons debut, averaged 19.2 points in the month of November during his four seasons with Milwaukee. That's his highest average for any month. 
 
 THE LEAD:  Detroit's frontcourt trio of  Andre Drummond ,  Josh Smith  and  Greg Monroe  had 15 points apiece and combined for 29 rebounds to lead the Pistons to an 87-77 victory over winless Boston on Sunday at The Palace. Point guard Jennings, who sat out the first two games with a partially fractured jaw, contributed 14 points, four assists and four steals in his Detroit debut. Rookie forward  Kelly Olynyk  led Boston with 15 points, while  Avery Bradley  and  Jordan Crawford  had 13 apiece. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "Once I got rid of the mask, I was like, 'It's time to play now.' It was uncomfortable. I'm not used to playing with something on my face and it was my decision to take it off. If I'm going to be playing like that, I'll pass on the mask." 
 -- Jennings, who discarded his protective mask during the fourth quarter. He had eight points, three assists and three steals after taking off the mask. 
 
 
 THE STAT:  69. Monroe recorded his 69th double-double since the 2011-12 season, an Eastern Conference high, with 15 points and 10 rebounds. Chicago's  Carlos Boozer  is second on the list with 63. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Boston scored 13 unanswered points to take a 65-63 lead early in the fourth but the Pistons responded with a 10-0 run. Jennings had six points, including a 3-pointer, and an assist during the outburst. Detroit never trailed again. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We've got a long way to go. We turned the ball over a lot. That's one thing we need to focus on, taking care of the ball." 
 -- Detroit guard  Rodney Stuckey  on his team's 21 turnovers, which led to 27 Boston points. 
 
 
 HOT:  Pistons second-year center Drummond had 15 points and a game-high 12 rebounds. Drummond scored Detroit's first six points, all on dunks, and added two steals and two blocks. 
 
 NOT:  The Celtics' top scoring threat,  Jeff Green , was limited to seven points. He only played 20 minutes because coach  Brad Stevens  got good production off the bench from  Jordan Crawford .  
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Olynyk mixed it up with the Pistons' tough frontcourt, making 6 of 11 shots and grabbing eight rebounds in 26 minutes. Detroit's first-round pick,  Kentavious Caldwell-Pope , did not play because of the return of Jennings. "It's tough to play five guards," coach  Mo Cheeks  said. "It wouldn't be right, it wouldn't make a lot of sense."  
 
 NOTABLE:  Detroit has won 14 of its last 18 home games against Boston. ... Stuckey added 10 points and three steals. ... Boston committed 24 turnovers and los the rebounding battle, 44-37. ... The Pistons wore their alternate Motor City uniforms for the first time. They will wear the uniforms every Sunday home game this season. ... Celtics guard  Rajon Rondo , who tore his ACL in January, has increased the tempo of his workouts but there is still no timetable for his return. "There's no need to rush him back and him not be fully healthy and fully healed," Stevens said. "It's a matter of gaining strength in that leg. He's itching to play, let's put it that way."  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Celtics, Monday @ Memphis, Wednesday vs. Utah, Friday @ Orlando. For the Pistons, Tuesday vs. Indiana, Friday vs. Oklahoma City, Monday @ Portland. 
