  Notebook: Sixers 96, Pacers 86   By Andy Jasner, for NBA.com Posted Monday January 9, 2012 10:51PM THE FACTS:   Andre Iguodala  scored 20 points and led six 76ers in double figures in their 96-86 victory over the Indiana Pacers on Monday at the Wells Fargo Center. It was the Sixers' fifth straight win while the Pacers had their two-game winning streak snapped.  Lou Williams  scored 13 points while  Jrue Holiday ,  Thaddeus Young  and  Spencer Hawes  added 12 each for the Sixers, who improved to 6-2.  Roy Hibbert  had 19 points while  David West  added 15 points and 11 rebounds for the Pacers.  Paul George  had 13 points but shot 4 of 16 and committed five turnovers. QUOTABLE:  "Things were just clicking for me."   -- Iguodala. THE STAT:  Williams is the only member of the Sixers to score in double figures in all eight games this season. TURNING POINT:  With the Sixers leading 90-84 with 2:12 remaining, Young scored on a runner. Following a clutch steal by Williams, Iguodala responded with a 15-foot jumper and a 94-84 advantage with less than a minute left. Two big shots and one steal sealed this latest victory for the upstart Sixers. HOT:  Young took seven shots and made six of them. Several of those were jumpers from 15 feet and beyond, which is a great sign. When Young's shot is dropping, he tends to go to the basket with more ferocity. NOT:  Indiana point guard Darren Collison struggled with his shot -- and his shot selection. Collison finished 2 of 11 and missed both of his 3-pointers. QUOTABLE II:  "People are going to have start talking about him about the all-defensive team."   -- Sixers coach  Doug Collins  on Young, who took four charges. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Iguodala had his best all-around game this season. Not only did he score 20 points, but he contributed nine rebounds and five assists. Iguodala knocked down 5 of 7 from the free throw line. INSIDE THE ARENA:  D.J.  Jazzy Jeff  and director/producer  M. Night Shymalan  each attended the game and received separate warm ovations when shown on the video board. Sixers CEO  Adam Aron  also took in the action from a front-row seat. It was a relatively quiet crowd inside the Wells Fargo Center despite the Sixers being undefeated at home (3-0). QUOTABLE III:  "We just have got to stop with the slow starts. We can't let teams get ahead of us and rely on our bench to get us back in the game."   -- Hibbert. GOOD MOVE:  Collins went to his bench early when the starting unit came out sluggish again. With such a deep bench, Collins has that luxury. In the end, the Sixers bench outscored Indiana, 41-19. BAD MOVE:  The Pacers didn't run enough set plays in the low post for Hibbert. While he took 12 shots, the Pacers could have looked his way more often around the basket. When they finally did in the waning minutes, it was too late. ROOKIE WATCH:   Nikola Vucevic  was stellar for the Sixers and even displayed some range with a 3-pointer in the third quarter. In addition to his 11 points, Vucevic swept eight rebounds. He also did an admirable job on defense, especially when he was matched up against Hibbert. NOTABLE:  The Pacers were shorthanded without leading scorer  Danny Granger  (food poisoning) and guard  George Hill  (sore lower back). ... Indiana forward  Tyler Hansbrough  was hit in the right eye and missed the final nine-plus minutes. "He scratched his eye pretty bad," coach  Frank Vogel  said. "He had trouble seeing so he couldn't return." ... It was the first time since 2007 that the Sixers recorded consecutive wins over the Pacers. ... All six of Philadelphia's wins have been by at least nine points. ... The Sixers have limited the opposition to less than 100 points in each of the last five games, including 90 or fewer four times over that span. ... NEXT:  For the Pacers, Wednesday vs. Atlanta, Friday @ Toronto, Saturday vs. Boston. For the Sixers, Tuesday vs. Sacramento, Wednesday @ New York, Friday vs. Washington.  