Notebook: Bucks 108, Bobcats 93 
 
 
 Rick Braun, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Dec 07, 2012 11:54 PM - Updated Fri Dec 07, 2012 11:55 PM 
 
 THE FACTS: Ersan Ilyasova  posted season-highs of 21 points and 12 rebounds as the Milwaukee Bucks cruised to an easy 108-93 victory over the Charlotte Bobcats Friday night at the BMO Harris Bradley Center. 
 
 Marquis Daniels  had a season-best 18 points in his fourth start of the season as the Bucks led by as many as 26 in getting back to .500 at 9-9. 
 
 Gerald Henderson  led Charlotte with 19 points in his third game back from a sprained foot, but the Bobcats (7-11) lost their sixth straight. 
 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I have no problem with it. As soon as I get on the floor I try to do something. Even those nights where you can't make shots, then just do something different: be aggressive on pick-and-rolls, help defensively." --  Ilyasova, on playing well off the bench after struggling as a starter. 
 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Milwaukee's starting five dominated the action, with every one posting a plus rating of at least 18 points in the plus-minus category. Daniels led the way with a plus-27. 
 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Bucks led by 18 at the half but have had a history of poor third quarters this season. The Bobcats seemed ready to take advantage of that, quickly cutting the lead to 63-49. But  Brandon Jennings  fed  Larry Sanders  for consecutive dunks to start a 15-5 run, and the Bucks were never threatened again. 
 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I'll never turn down an opportunity to play this game. I still have love for this game. He gave me the option and I said, 'Yeah, I'll go in.' I felt like a kid in the candy store." --  Bucks veteran forward  Drew Gooden , who saw his first playing time of the season thanks to the blowout. 
 
 
 
 HOT:  Bobcats rookie  Michael Kidd-Gilchrist , the second pick in the draft, made all four shots he took and finished with 11 points and 11 rebounds. He's 10 for 12 in his last two games. 
 
 
 NOT:  Bobcats rookie  Jeff Taylor  made just 1 of 10 shots and missed all five 3-pointers. 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Bucks coach  Scott Skiles  started Sanders for the second straight game, and the third-year forward is going to have to get used to starting as he put up eight points, 10 rebounds and five blocked shots in 26 minutes. 
 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Bucks second-round pick  Doron Lamb  continues to play significant minutes with backup point guard  Beno Udrih  out with a sprained ankle. Lamb logged 17:34 and had six points, four rebounds and an assist.  
 
 
 NOTABLE:  Charlotte's  Brendan Haywood  was assessed a Flagrant 1 foul in the second quarter as he tried to stop Jennings on a fast break but ended up raking Jennings across the face. Haywood tried to apologize immediately, but Jennings was obviously upset and walked away. ... Bucks veteran forward Gooden entered for his first action of the season with 8:23 left in the fourth and received a loud ovation. He played the rest of the game and finished with two points and four rebounds. ... Daniels has made his last four 3-pointers after starting the season 1 for 12. ... Sanders' five blocks gives him four games with five or more this season. ... The Bucks grabbed a season-high 59 rebounds, whipping their previous season-best of 48. ... The Bucks snapped a skid of seven straight games scoring fewer than 100 points. ... With a six-game losing streak, the Bobcats will only find things tougher as their next four opponents (San Antonio, Golden State, the Los Angeles Clippers and Atlanta) had a cumulative 48-22 record entering Friday night. 
 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Bobcats, Saturday vs. San Antonio, Monday vs., Golden State, Wednesday vs. Los Angeles Clippers. For the Bucks, Sunday @ Brooklyn, Wednesday vs. Sacramento, Friday @ Cleveland. 
