Notebook: Heat 108, Trail Blazers 107 
 
 
 Kerry Eggers, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Dec 29, 2013 2:23 AM - Updated Sun Dec 29, 2013 2:23 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  Miami had won 19 straight games against Western Conference opponents until losing at Sacramento in overtime Friday night. Portland had won 11 straight against Eastern Conference foes until falling to the Heat on Saturday night. 
 
 THE LEAD: Chris Bosh  scored a season-high 37 points, including the game-winning 3-pointer with 0.5 of a second remaining, to give the Miami Heat -- playing without an injured  LeBron James  --  a 108-107 victory over the Portland Trail Blazers on Saturday night at the Moda Center. 
 The Trail Blazers had a final chance to win, but  LaMarcus Aldridge  missed a short jumper after taking a lob pass at the rim as time expired. 
 Bosh sank 15 of 26 shots from the field, including 3-for-3 from 3-point range, for the Heat (24-7), who called time out after  Nicolas Batum  had given Portland a 107-105 lead on a pair of free throws with 7.7 seconds left. 
 
 Dwyane Wade  drove to the hoop and kicked the ball back to Bosh, who buried a high-arcing trey with a pair of  Blazers converging on him. 
 
 Wesley Matthews  scored 18 of his team-high 23 points in the first half for the Blazers (24-6), who lost for only the third time at home this season. Aldridge added 22 points and seven boards for Portland. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "Chris was feeling it. He wanted it. As soon as he said it, I said, 'Yeah, that makes sense.' It was much better than what I had planned."  
 -- Heat coach  Erik Spoelstra  on Bosh's game-winner 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Blazers entered the game 14-1 in games decided by 10 points or fewer, 14-0 in games in which they led at halftime and 19-0 when they took a lead into the fourth quarter. The Blazers led 62-58 at halftime and 88-83 after three quarters Saturday night. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  In a game in which the lead was exchanged several times down the stretch, Bosh's last-gasp 3-pointer -- so high it seemed to nick the roof at the Moda Center -- was the difference. 
 
 HOT:  Bosh sank his first five shots and was 3-for-3 from 3-point range despite going into the game shooting .313 from beyond the arc. 
 
 NOT:  Wade, who had sat out the Sacramento game to rest his knees, made only eight of 19 shots but was still instrumental in the win with 16 points and seven assists. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We've been tops in the league in the last four minutes of close games. It sucks that we controlled everything that happened. We can't blame anyone but ourselves. It'll be tough to sleep tonight."  
 --  Wesley Matthews 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Spoelstra originally called for a 2-point attempt by Wade or Bosh to tie the game on Miami's final possession. Bosh objected, saying he wanted to try a 3-pointer for the win.  
 
 BAD MOVE:  The Blazers converged on Wade as he drove into the paint on the last possession, leaving Bosh open at the 3-point line. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "He overruled it, and it became a profit."  
 --  Eric Spoelstra  on Bosh's plea to go for the game-winning 3  
 
 
 NOTABLE:  James, who suffered a groin injury during Miami's 108-103 loss at Sacramento on Friday night, warmed up before the game but was unable to go. It was the first game he has missed this season. ... Also sitting out for Miami was F  Chris Andersen  (back), though Spoelstra said the veteran forward is "getting better." ... Portland, which shot .517 from the field, lost for the first time when shooting better than 50 percent. Miami shot .506. 
 
 NEXT:  For the Heat, Monday @ Denver, Thursday vs. Golden State, Saturday @ Orlando. For the Trail Blazers, Monday @ New Orleans, Tuesday @ Oklahoma City, Thursday vs. Philadelphia. 
