  Thunder-Wolves notebook   By Jim Beilby, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday December 8, 2010 11:48PM THE FACTS:  The combination of  Kevin Durant  and  Russell Westbrook  was too much for the Minnesota Timberwolves as the Oklahoma City Thunder overcame an 18-point first-quarter deficit and another 20-20 game by  Kevin Love  to defeat Minnesota 111-103 on Wednesday night in Minnesota. Durant scored 30 points and grabbed 11 rebounds and Westbook added 25 points and eight assists in the winning effort. QUOTABLE:  "I thought defensively in the second half we were as good as we've been all year.  Serge  ( Ibaka ),  Thabo  ( Sefolosha ) and  Nick  ( Collison ) did a great job of really putting their foot down and demanding stops from all of our guys. I thought that was a critical part of the game in the third quarter."   -- Oklahoma City coach  Scott Brooks . THE STAT:  Minnesota scored 40 points in the first quarter, but only 63 in the next three. The Thunder got back into the game with smothering defense and solid rebounding against the best rebounding team in the league. Minnesota came into the game averaging 46.7 rebounds per game. TURNING POINT:  After falling behind by 19 early in the second quarter, Oklahoma's bench got the Thunder back within striking distance. And Durant tied the score for the first time with a step-back 3-pointer with 34 seconds to play in the third. That score capped a 13-2 run. Durant followed up that play up with a thundering dunk and-one on the first possession of the fourth quarter, to take their first lead at 87-86. From that point, the Thunder remained in control of the game, fending off a couple of late runs by the Wolves. HOT:  Love scored 22 and grabbed 21 rebounds, his fifth 20-20 of the season. In doing so, he also notched his 16th double-double and improved his rebounding average to 15.5 rebounds  -- both league-leading numbers. He has also grabbed at least 15 rebounds in eight straight games, the longest streak in the league since Ben Wallace did so in 14 straight games during the 2002-03 season. NOT:  While he led his team in scoring 26 points,  Michael Beasley  was 2-for-9 from the floor and 1-for-5 from the line in the fourth quarter. His missed free throws included a pair of missed with 54.7 seconds to play that could have cut the Thunder's lead to two. NOTABLE:  Minnesota's 40-point first quarter was its season high and continues a recent trend of strong play in the opening frame. The Wolves scored 37 on Saturday vs. Cavs and 36 on Monday in New York. Despite their recent strong starts, they have lost seven of their last eight games. UP NEXT:  For the Wolves, Friday vs. Detroit, Saturday @ Chicago, Tuesday @ Golden State. For the Thunder, Friday @ New Orleans, Sunday vs. Cleveland, Wednesday vs. Houston.  