Notebook: Warriors 123, Heat 114 
 
 
 Zachary Paul, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Thu Jan 02, 2014 11:28 PM - Updated Fri Jan 03, 2014 1:26 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  The 123 points by the Warriors were the most scored against the Heat this season.  
 
 THE LEAD:  Guard  Stephen Curry  scored a game-high 36 points and had 12 assists as the Golden State Warriors defeated the Miami Heat 123-114 Thursday night at American Airlines Arena for their eighth straight victory. 
 Curry was 8-for-15 from the 3-point line as the Warriors became just the third team to defeat the Heat at home this season.  
 Curry had plenty help in knocking off the two-time defending champions. Forward  David Lee  finished with 32 points on 13-for-17 shooting. Lee also had 14 rebounds, helping the Warriors to a 40-31 edge on the boards.  
 Golden State led by many as 15 before holding off Miami's fourth-quarter charge. The Heat pulled to within four at 111-107 after  LeBron James  made a jump shot with 4:28 remaining, but a Lee jumper followed by another Curry 3-pointer ended any chances of a comeback.  
 James led the Heat with 26 points, five rebounds and five assists but also had eight turnovers.  
 
 QUOTABLE:    "He's been spectacular all year long and this is the level he has played at. It is great to see him get the recognition he deserves, especially as a coach. I am so blessed to coach this guy because he is a better person than he is a basketball player."   -- Warriors coach  Mark Jackson  on Curry 
 
 THE STAT:   The Warriors shot 56 percent from the field, going 15-for-29 from beyond the arc.      
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Warriors led by four at halftime but really set the tone by scoring the first nine points of the third quarter. That pushed the lead to 13, forcing the Heat to play from behind the rest of the way.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:   "I looked at the stat sheet at one point and he was seven of 13 from the 3-point line and I was seven of 12 from the field. I was like, `He's got more 3-point attempts than I got field goal attempts."  
 --  LeBron James  on Curry 
 
 
 HOT:  Curry made it seem like James was the second-best player on the court. He had his way with whoever the Heat used to defend him.  What made the performance even more spectacular was Curry's ability to facilitate, making him a double threat.   
 
 NOT:  The Heat bench, productive of late, was a non-factor on Thursday.  Ray Allen  made just one of four shots while  Michael Beasley  and  Norris Cole  played with inconsistency for the most part. The Heat finished with just 19 bench points.  
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Even though Thompson and Curry took the bulk of the shots, they still found ways to get others involved. Lee's points in the paint were probably more devastating to the Heat than those from the perimeter.  
 
 BAD MOVE:  The Heat seemed to focus on preventing Thompson and Curry from penetrating the paint but it backfired. The Warriors' backcourt went 12-for-24 from the 3-point arc, with several of them surprisingly coming on open looks because of the Heat's defensive choice.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Saturday @ Magic, Sunday vs. Raptors, Tuesday vs. Pelicans. For the Warriors, Friday @ Hawks, Sunday @ Wizards, Tuesday @ Bucks.  
