Notebook: Jazz 105, Lakers 103 
 
 
 Matthew Payne, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Dec 28, 2013 12:55 AM - Updated Sat Dec 28, 2013 2:43 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Jazz snapped a four-game home losing slide in victory, while dealing the Lakers their fourth straight loss overall. 
 
 THE LEAD:  Coming off a six-game road trip and a short break for Christmas, the Utah Jazz pulled out a narrow 105-103 win over a Los Angeles Lakers team with an injury-depleted rotation Friday night. A last-second dunk by  Derrick Favors  was the difference. 
 
 Gordon Hayward  led the Jazz (9-23) with 24 points and nine assists (both team highs), while  Marvin Williams  added 16 points, seven rebounds, a steal and two blocks.  Nick Young  came off the bench to pace the Lakers (13-17) with 21 points. 
 The game had a fast tempo from the start?the teams combined to score 24 points in the game's first four minutes, and each proceeded to break the century mark by the final buzzer. The lead changed hands 14 times and there were 16 ties. The game didn't feature a single double-digit lead.   
 
 QUOTABLE:  "These are the kinds of games that these young guys have to go through to learn how to finish games. It's great to get a win while we're learning in situations like this." 
 --Jazz coach  Tyrone Corbin 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Jazz scored 25 fast-break points to the Lakers' 12, and Utah's ability to push the pace after missed shots proved to be the main difference in a close game.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  Utah looked poised to pull away at several times in the second half, but the Lakers kept it close and eventually tied it at 103-103 with 18 seconds left. With the chance to take the final shot, Utah cleared out to set up a two-man game with Hayward and Favors as the clock ran down. Hayward dribbled to the right baseline and missed a contested layup, but Favors rose up, grabbed the loose ball and threw down an emphatic two-handed slam with only 2 seconds left in the game.     
 
 HOT:  Young made some acrobatic layups and connected on a handful of seemingly ill-advised shots -- moves that have proven to be the staples of his offensive repertoire. For the game, Young shot 10-for-17 and scored 21 points before fouling out with just under six minutes left to play. He had scored 13 points in the third quarter alone and almost single-handedly kept the Lakers in the game when it could have spiraled out of control.  
 
 NOT: Jodie Meeks  didn't shoot particularly well for Los Angeles. He did make a 3 to keep the game close late in the fourth quarter, but he went only 4-for-15 from the field and missed a long 3-pointer at the buzzer that would have won it for the Lakers. For the Jazz, backup point guard  John Lucas III  went 0-for-6 in 13 minutes of playing time. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I think this is my first game-winner -- ever. It feels good. We've got to get ready for tomorrow now, so we've got to have a short memory about this one." 
 -- Derrick Favors on his game-winning dunk 
 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  The centers came up big tonight. Favors (18 points, 14 rebounds and a steal) and Los Angeles'  Chris Kaman  (19 points, 10 rebounds and three blocks) both finished with double-doubles, while  Jordan Hill  (16 points, nine rebounds) nearly had a double-double off the bench for Los Angeles. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Gasol did not make the trip to Utah because of an upper respiratory infection, which also sidelined him for a game last week. He's considered day-to-day. ... Los Angeles'  Jordan Farmar  finished with a solid line of 16 points, seven rebounds, seven assists and three steals in his second game back from a severe hamstring injury. ... Rookie point guard  Trey Burke  had 14 points and seven assists (and seven turnovers) for the Jazz ... Utah will face Los Angeles' other team tomorrow when it visits Staples Center to play the Clippers. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Sunday vs. 76ers, Tuesday vs. Bucks, Friday vs. Jazz. For the Jazz, Saturday @ L.A. Clippers, Monday vs. Bobcats, Thursday vs. Bucks. 
