Notebook: Heat 111, Clippers 89 
 
 
 Zachary Paul, For NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Feb 08, 2013 11:38 PM - Updated Fri Feb 08, 2013 11:38 PM 
 THE FACTS:  The Miami Heat defeated the Los Angeles Clippers 111-89 Friday at AmericanAirlines Arena. The Heat led by double-figures most of the way, with forward  LeBron James  and guard  Dwyane Wade  sitting most of the fourth quarter. Miami (33-14) led by as many as 32 in the third quarter, taking control with a strong start to the second half.  
 James led all scorers with 30 points and six assists and five rebounds. The Heat had no problem disposing of the Clippers (35-17) despite playing without  Chris Bosh  and  Ray Allen , who were both out with the flu. It was the second straight game Bosh missed.  
 Wade, who was also dealing with flu-like symptoms, finished with 20 points, seven assists and six rebounds. Guard  Mario Chalmers  outplayed Clippers guard  Chris Paul , scoring 18 points on 5-for-9 shooting.  
 
 DeAndre Jordan  led the Clippers with 17 points. Paul finished with just three points on 1-for-5 shooting in 19 minutes.  
 
 QUOTABLE :  "It's all about controlling home, letting people know we have a home dominance."  
   --Heat forward LeBron James 
 
 THE STAT :  The Heat shot 52 percent from the field, including 69 in the first half.   
 
 TURNING POINT : The Heat started the second half with a 16-4 run, turning the game into a rout.  The Clippers trailed by double-digits the final 42 minutes.  
 
 HOT : James continued perhaps the best statistical week of his career with another high-percentage shooting night. He has shot 43-for-59 (72.9 percent) from the field in the last four games.   
 
 NOT : Paul looked every bit of a player who has missed 12 of the last 14 games due to injury. He never found a rhythm and was badly worked over by Chalmers. His frustrations reached a boil when he was called for a Technical in the third quarter for arguing with an official.  
 
 GOOD MOVE : The Heat are a much more dangerous team when receiving contributions from others besides Wade and James. Chalmers and  Shane Battier  scored in double-figures, while  Rashard Lewis  provided a spark in the first half.  
 
 BAD MOVE : The Clippers struggled defensively in the decisive first half. At times, it looked like shooting practice for the Heat. Miami scored the bulk of its points on dunks and open shots from the perimeter.  
 
 NOTABLE : James tied the franchise record with his fourth straight 30-point game. ... The Heat improved to 21-3 at home. ... Miami has made at least 10 3-pointers in 14 games this season, going 15-for-27 against the Clippers. ... Clippers center  Ronny Turiaf , who played for the Heat last season, received his championship ring before the game.  
 
 UP NEXT : For the Heat, Sunday vs. Lakers, Tuesday vs. Trail Blazers, Thursday @ Thunder. For the Clippers, Sunday @ Knicks, Monday @ Sixers, Wednesday vs. Rockets.  
