Notebook: Jazz 116, Nets 107 
 
 
 Andrew Aragon, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Mar 31, 2013 1:04 AM - Updated Sun Mar 31, 2013 1:04 AM 
 
 THE FACTS:  The first time  Deron Williams  played in Utah wearing an opposing jersey he was booed out of the building. This time,  Randy Foye  shot him out of the arena.  
 Foye, wearing Williams' old No. 8, buried eight 3-pointers, scored 26 points and keyed a game-changing run in the third quarter as the Jazz defeated the Brooklyn Nets 116-107 on Saturday night.  
 The game featured a playoff-like atmosphere with the presence of Brooklyn's Williams, and Utah played like a playoff team. The Jazz, who improved to 4-0 against Williams, won their fourth straight game thanks to unselfish offense and stellar shooting.  
 
 Al Jefferson  and  Mo Williams  each scored 20 points for Utah. 
 The Nets' Williams played his best of his four games against the Jazz, scoring 21 points and dishing 11 assists, but it wasn't enough.  Brook Lopez  scored a game-high 27 points and  C.J. Watson  had 22 points off the bench for Brooklyn.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I can't even explain the feeling. It feels like your body is numb. You are just out there in your own little world. Once you touch the ball and get an open look it's like throwing a rock in the ocean." 
 
 -- Jazz guard Foye on being in the zone  
 
 
 THE STAT:  Utah's offense was brilliant in scoring 116 points, but its defense was just as important against Brooklyn. The Jazz had 14 steals, up from their season average of 8.4 against a sloppy Nets offense. Utah also forced 17 turnovers, turning them into 19 points. Brooklyn only forced 10 turnovers and recorded five steals. The Jazz allowed the Nets to shoot a good percentage (51.9), but got stops when they needed them.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Jazz broke open a close game midway through the third quarter, putting together a 15-3 run to go ahead 79-68. Foye did almost all of the damage, draining four consecutive 3-pointers during the run. The Nets, meanwhile, missed eight straight shots before Lopez made a reverse layup to make it 74-68. But Foye answered, hitting a 3-pointer and Jefferson capped the spurt with a fadeaway.  
 
 HOT:  Foye shot 8-for-9 from 3-point range and tied a few team and personal marks. His five 3-pointers in the third quarter tied a single-quarter franchise record. His eight 3-pointers tied a career-high and tied the Utah franchise single-game record. He now shares that record with current Jazz assistant coach  Jeff Hornacek. Marvin Williams , taken one pick ahead of Brooklyn's Williams in the 2005 draft, had a solid night. He shot 7-for-9, had 14 points and collected six rebounds. His night was highlighted by his banking in a 22-footer that put Utah ahead 96-81 with 7:24 remaining. Utah ran its offense through  Paul Millsap  in the first half and responded well. He had a career-high nine assists with seven of them coming in the first half.  
 
 NOT:  Brooklyn starters  Keith Bogans  and  Gerald Wallace  each played about 24 minutes and combined to shoot 2-for-7 and score five points.  Gordon Hayward  only shot 3-for-12 for Utah, but he did have a crowd-pleasing blocked shot against Williams late in the second quarter. Williams, however, had a highlight-reel crossover move against Hayward right before the break.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "Well, we're playing better. It's great for this group of guys. When we were struggling earlier, I had a feeling that we would get out of it because the guys continued to work, they stayed together, they focused hard. It wasn't for a lack of effort (when the Jazz were losing). We had some time where we didn't play our best basketball, but this group of guys continued to show high character and as a result you see what's going on now. We expect it to continue."  
 
 -- Jazz coach  Tyrone Corbin  on his team peaking at the right time. The Jazz, prior to their current four-game winning streak, had lost 12 of 15 games. 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  There was no doubt that the Jazz would get up to play against Williams -- they always do. But they still had to execute, and they did it close to their peak level. On offense, Utah moved the ball, made quality passes and took advantage of Foye's hot hand. Foye's shooting opened up things for the rest of the offense as the Jazz dished 27 assists and shot better than 50 percent in each quarter.    
 
 
 BAD MOVE:  The Nets' defense overall was quite subpar, but it was particularly dreadful against Foye. Brooklyn didn't rotate to Foye quickly enough or put much pressure on him. For a shooter as streaky as Foye, that's a recipe for disaster. Overall, Brooklyn allowed Utah to shoot 55.6 percent and allowed too many quality looks near the basket.  
 
 NOTABLE:  Utah has already set a franchise record for most 3-pointers in a season. The Jazz entered the night sharing the mark of 439 made 3-pointers with the 2009-10 team. This Utah team has sunk 449 with eight games left to play.  Derrick Favors , acquired by Utah in the Williams trade, had a nice game with 13 points and nine rebounds. The Nets were playing the seventh game on an eight-game road trip. They're 4-3 on the trip. Brooklyn was without guard  Joe Johnson  for the fourth straight game because of a right quad contusion. Utah reserve center  Enes Kanter  remains out indefinitely with a separated left shoulder.   
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Nets, Wednesday @ Cleveland, Thursday vs. Chicago, Saturday vs. Charlotte. For the Jazz, Monday vs. Portland, Wednesday vs. Denver, Friday vs. New Orleans. 
