Notebook: Knicks 102, Heat 90 
 
 
 Zachary Paul, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Apr 03, 2013 12:19 AM - Updated Wed Apr 03, 2013 12:19 AM 
 
 THE FACTS:   The Miami Heat were without two of their superstars.  
 On this night, it may not have mattered if  LeBron James  and  Dwyane Wade  were in uniform. New York Knicks forward  Carmelo Anthony  scored a career-high tying 50 points in their 102-90 victory against the Heat Tuesday at AmericanAirlines Arena.  
 Anthony shot 18-for-26 from the field, including 7-for-10 3-pointers. The victory was the Knicks third of the season against the Heat, allowing them to win the season series. Even though the Heat were minus two All-Stars, the win should give the Knicks momentum if the teams meet in the playoffs. It was their third double-digit victory against Miami this season.  
 It was the second straight game the Heat were without James and Wade. James is dealing with a sore hamstring while Wade is out with a sprained ankle. A third starter,  Mario Chalmers , (ankle) also did not play.  
 After trailing by eight at halftime, the Knicks outscored the Heat by 10 in each of the final two quarters. Anthony led three players in double figures. The victory ended the Heat's 17-game winning streak at home.  
 Center  Chris Bosh  led the Heat with 23 points and six rebounds while  Mike Miller  added 18 points.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "He was unbelievable. He refused to let us lose tonight. He made big plays and shots ... He wasn't forcing anything. Some things come easy for great players and tonight he did everything he was supposed to do to put us in position to win."  
 -- Knicks coach  Mike Woodson  on Anthony 
 
 
 THE STAT:   The Knicks shot 14-for-27 from the 3-point line.   
 
 TURNING POINT:  Anthony didn't take a shot the first half of the fourth quarter, but the Knicks were able to keep pace. Keeping the lead when their star struggled was the confidence boost the Knicks needed.     
 
 HOT:  The most impressive part about Anthony's performance was his efficiency. He's had big games against the Heat in the past, but never while shooting at such a high percentage. The fact the bulk of Anthony's points came on jumpshots was equally as impressive.   
 
 NOT:  The Heat could have used a little more aggression from Bosh. He was the team's leading scorer, but he needed to attempt more than 13 shots. Bosh deferred to Mike Miller and  Norris Cole  in the first half when he could have started faster to avoid playing catch up.  
 
 GOOD MOVE:  The best strategy for the Knicks was the way they played when Anthony was out of the picture. He sat on the bench the early portion of the fourth quarter and didn't score until the midway point. In that time, they were able to sustain the lead behind  J.R. Smith  and  Raymond Felton .  
 
 BAD MOVE:   Shane Battier  and  Udonis Haslem  proved to be poor matchups on Anthony all game. Battier had been solid in situations as such in the past, but struggled to stop Anthony on the perimeter. Haslem simply had no answer, either.  
 
  NOTABLE:  Knicks center  Tyson Chandler  was back in the lineup after being out with a back injury ... The Heat fell to 32-4 at home ... Heat coach  Erik Spoelstra  said he will evaluate James, Wade and Chalmers on a daily basis. Chalmers (ankle) missed his third straight game.  
 
  UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Friday @ Charlotte, Saturday vs. Philadelphia, Tuesday vs. Milwaukee. For the Knicks, Wednesday @ Atlanta, Friday vs. Milwaukee, Sunday @ Oklahoma City.  
