Notebook: Pacers 99, Pelicans 82 
 
 
 Tom Rietmann, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Jan 04, 2014 11:40 PM - Updated Sat Jan 04, 2014 11:40 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Pacers averted consecutive losses, toppling the short-handed New Orleans Pelicans 99-82 at Bankers Life Fieldhouse. Only once this season have the Pacers suffered back-to-back defeats -- Dec. 16 against Detroit and Dec. 18 at Miami. Indiana, 26-6, currently owns the best record in the NBA. 
 
 THE LEAD: Paul George  collected 24 points and 10 rebounds as the Pacers moved their record at home to a league-best 16-1. The Pacers put three other players in double-figure scoring --  Lance Stephenson  with 19,  Danny Granger  with 13 and  George Hill  with 10. Indiana's bench players outscored the Pelicans' reserves 32-18.  Eric Gordon , an Indianapolis native, led the Pelicans with 21 points. The visitors were playing without leading scorer  Ryan Anderson , who was taken off the court on a stretcher in Boston on Friday night after suffering what was termed a "cervical stinger." The Pacers have won six straight games and seven of the last eight in the series against New Orleans. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "(The Pelicans) played really well (in the first quarter). That's how they came out and beat Portland last week. They just came out and blitzed them early and got on top. Luckily, we didn't dig ourselves too deep of a hole."  
 -- Indiana forward  David West   
 
 
 THE STAT:  The league's top two shot-blockers -- Indiana's  Roy Hibbert  and New Orleans'  Anthony Davis  -- squared off in the paint. Hibbert, who began the night averaging 2.7 blocks, wound up with five. Davis, averaging 3.2 blocks, had three. Indiana held a huge advantage in paint scoring, 42-26. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Pacers trailed by 14 points in the first quarter but started chipping away in the second. In the third quarter, Indiana ratcheted up its production on both offense and defense, and that surge led to a 26-6 run that carried into the fourth quarter and brought an 80-63 lead. The Pacers held the Pelicans to 25 percent shooting in the third quarter while hitting 68.8 percent themselves. Stephenson was the Indiana catalyst, hitting all five of his shots in the period while producing 12 points.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "They came out and played a great first quarter and we buckled down the rest of the way. The bench was great."  
 -- Pacers coach  Frank Vogel 
 
 
 HOT:  Pelicans center  Alexis Ajinca  finished with a season-high 17 points, going 5-for-7 from the field and 7-for-10 from the foul line. He also added seven rebounds. He came in averaging just 2.6 points and 3.7 rebounds in seven games.  
 
 NOT:  New Orleans'  Jrue Holiday  was held to eight points on 4-for-9 shooting.  It marked his second consecutive single-digit scoring night after he collected only four points in a Friday night win at Boston. In Holiday's two games before that, he had averaged 25 points.  
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "It's definitely fun coming back. This is a good sports town, and they've always treated their Indiana basketball players real well."  
 -- New Orleans' Eric Gordon on his return to Indianapolis   
 
 
 NOTABLE:  The victory represented a satisfying bounce-back for Indiana, which scored a season-low 82 points and committed 23 turnovers in a 13-point loss at Toronto on Wednesday. ... The Pelicans' Gordon made his only visit of the season to play his hometown team. Gordon, who received a warm reception from a sellout crowd at Bankers Life Fieldhouse, played at North Central High School in Indianapolis before moving on to Indiana University. Gordon was inactive for the Pelicans' previous two trips to Indy. ... Indiana's West, who spent eight seasons with the New Orleans franchise, is 6-0 against his old team. ... The Pacers are 10-0 in opening games of back-to-backs.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Pacers, Sunday @ Cleveland, Tuesday vs. Toronto, Wednesday @ Atlanta. For the Pelicans, Tuesday @ Miami, Wednesday vs. Washington, Friday vs. Dallas. 
