
 Lakers-Kings notebook   By Nick Lozito, for NBA.com Posted Thursday November 4, 2010 2:08AM THE FACTS: Kobe Bryant 's first triple-double of the season led the visiting Los Angeles Lakers past the Sacramento Kings 112-100 Wednesday night. Bryant finished with 30 points, 12 rebounds and 10 assists, marking season highs in all three categories. It was Bryant's 17th career triple-double. QUOTABLE:  "I'd probably say Sacramento since they haven't won too much. You know Los Angeles has won a few rings since this rivalry started. So I'd say Sacramento takes it more seriously."   -- Sacramento native  Matt Barnes  (nine points, six rebounds), who played with the Kings in 2004-05 and now gets booed by many of his hometown fans as a first-year member of the rival Lakers. THE STAT:  Kings point guard  Tyreke Evans  hadn't committed a foul until the 7:13 mark of the second quarter, when he committed his first of four fouls over a span of 10:32. Bryant drew all four fouls -- the first resulted in a four-point play, and the second and third were shooting fouls. During the stretch of four Evans fouls, Los Angeles outscored Sacramento 30-16. After his fourth foul (8:41 left in the third quarter), Evans sat for the next 15:10. TURNING POINT:  Los Angeles, trailing 45-42 with less than six minutes left in the first half, went on a 20-8 run to close the half capped by a Barnes layup at the buzzer. With four seconds left, Bryant snatched a defensive rebound and fired downcourt to Barnes, who had leaked out on the Sacramento shot. The Lakers took a 62-53 lead into the half and never again trailed by fewer than six. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Kings and Lakers fans, fairly evenly split throughout the arena, found one common rallying cry: booing outgoing California Governor  Arnold Schwarzenegger  during a first-quarter timeout. Receiving a warmer welcome was Sacramento Mayor and former NBA All-Star  Kevin Johnson . GOOD MOVE:  Bryant took on the scoring load early with a 3-pointer on the Lakers' first possession and a second trey just over three minutes in. He had a game-high 10 first-quarter points and six assists. NOTABLE:  Donte Green, the Kings' starting small forward to start the season, didn't get in the game and has played two seconds of basketball in the last three games. UP NEXT:  For the Kings, Saturday vs. Memphis, Wednesday vs. Minnesota, Friday @ Phoenix. For the Lakers, Friday vs. Toronto, Sunday vs. Portland, Tuesday vs. Minnesota. 
