
 Pacers-Bobcats notebook   By Gavin McFarlin, for NBA.com Posted Friday October 29, 2010 10:56PM THE FACTS:  Indiana guard  Danny Granger  drained six of 11 from behind the arc for a game and season-high 33 points, and the Pacers came from behind for a 104-101 win over the Charlotte Bobcats on Friday night.  Tyler Hansbrough  came off the bench to score 12 points, including four in the final minute to help seal the win for the Pacers.  Gerald Wallace  led five Charlotte players in double figures with 29 points. QUOTABLE:  "We had two great looks at the end.  D.J.  [ Augustin ] had a great look.  Boris  [ Diaw ] had a great screen and [ Stephen ]  Jackson  made a great fake and he generally makes those open looks. We have to figure out a way to not keep turning the ball over."   -- Bobcats coach Larry Brown on last two shot attempts with 5.9 seconds left from 3-point range to tie the game. THE STAT:  It was a welcome home party for Hansbrough as he helped spark a Pacer comeback. The second-year forward was 3-for-6 from the field and a perfect 6-for-6 from the free throw line, but none of his 12 points were as big as his last four. He hit a clutch 15-foot jumper with 1:04 left in the fourth quarter and then calmly hit two free throws with 10.7 seconds to give the Pacers a three-point lead and eventually the win. TURNING POINT:  The Bobcats led from the 1:24 of the first quarter all the way until  Roy Hibbert  hit a pair of free throws with 1:28 left on the clock. Indiana twice cut the deficit down to one point in the fourth quarter, but the Bobcats answered with a bucket on their next possession.  T.J. Ford  sparked the comeback with a steal at the 1:58 mark setting up Hibbert¹s free throws. QUOTABLE II:  "It was great being back in North Carolina. I was a little surprised being in there at the end, but I was given the opportunity to show what I can do and I took that chance to help my team get a win. There was no better place to show what I can do then here in North Carolina, and I¹m glad I was able to help the team out tonight. It really was great."   -- Tyler Hansbrough on his return trip back to the state he played college basketball and his chance to play down the stretch in a close game. HOT:  Granger scored 13 of his 33 points in the fourth quarter to help lead the Pacers comeback. He also had a four-point play that brought Indiana to within one, 96-95, with three minutes left in the game. NOT:  Jackson, the Bobcats leading scorer a year ago, got into foul trouble early and never clicked after picking up his third foul at the 9:28 mark in the second quarter. He finished with just 10 points, but did add six rebounds and six assists. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Granger hit 12-for-23 field goals, including 6-for-11 3-pointers for 33 points and added five rebounds, three assists, a pair of blocks and one steal. ROOKIE WATCH:  Pacer rookie  Paul George  gave a spark off the bench, scoring eight points in 21 minutes of action. Two of his three field goals on the night were from 3-point range. NOTABLE:  The Bobcats fell to 3-4 all time in home openers. Charlotte stepped to the line 45 times and canned 35 of its free throws. 42 of the Bobcats 101 points came in the paint. UP NEXT:  For the Pacers, Saturday vs. 76ers, Wednesday @ 76ers, Friday vs. Bucks. For the Bobcats, Saturday @ Bucks, Wednesday @ Nets, Friday @ Pistons. 
