  Notebook: Clippers 96, Hawks 82 Posted Thursday March 15, 2012 2:17AM By Dan Arritt, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Thanks to a strong bench effort Wednesday night against the Hawks, the Clippers avoided losing three in a row for the first time this season, pulling away in the second quarter to win, 96-82, victory at Staples Center. THE STAT:  The top two scorers for the Clippers came off the bench.  Mo Williams  scored a team-high 25 points on 18 shot attempts and  Eric Bledsoe  had a season-high 14. QUOTABLE:  "It was a must-win. We put a lot of pressure on this game. We needed it really bad, so I thought we came out and did what we had to do."   -- Mo Williams TURNING POINT:  After a hot-shooting opening quarter by both teams, the Clippers started the second on a 7-0 run to take a 10-point lead. The Hawks managed to cut the deficit back to three but L.A. called timeout with 7:18 left in the first half and milked the lead to 11 on a 19-foot jumper by  Caron Butler . The Hawks never got closer than five the rest of the way. HOT:  Both teams combined to shoot 23-for-33 in the opening quarter, including 8-for-10 beyond the 3-point stripe. The Clippers made their first seven shots to surge to a 17-8 lead. NOT:  Atlanta guard  Kirk Hinrich , in his third game since moving into a starting role, made one basket in five attempts and finished with four points. He was coming off a season-high 22 points the night before in a double overtime loss in Denver. GOOD MOVE:  Thanks to the play of the bench, Clippers coach  Vinny Del Negro  was able to limit the minutes of his starters heading into Thursday's game against the visiting Suns.  Blake Griffin  played 33 minutes and  Chris Paul  played 31. The decreased workload also seemed to allow the starters to be more efficient offensively, as they combined to shoot 21-for-34 from the field. BAD MOVE:  Atlanta forward  Josh Smith  had a hot hand early, shooting 5-for-6 and scoring 11 points in his first eight minutes. He picked up his third foul with 7:54 left in the second quarter, however, and went to the bench for the remainder of the first half. He shot just 1-for-8 the rest of the way and finished with 18 points. Griffin came away red-faced after air-balling two straight free throws midway through the second quarter. QUOTABLE II:  "You never want to lose two in a row, so obviously the next game is a must-get. I was proud of the way we played and our bench stepped up."   -- Griffin NOTABLE:  Paul wore a facemask the last three games after suffering a nasal fracture in San Antonio on March 9, but went without the protective device against the Hawks. He finished with 13 points and nine assists. Late in the first quarter, the Hawks had veterans  Tracy McGrady  (32),  Jerry Stackhouse  (37) and  Erick Dampier  (36) on the floor at the same time. The Hawks ended their longest road trip of the season at 2-4. The Hawks played without  Marvin Williams  (hip),  Willie Green  (back),  Vladimir Radmanovic  (back) and  Ivan Johnson  (family issue). UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Thursday vs. Phoenix, Saturday vs. Houston, Sunday vs. Detroit. For the Hawks, Friday vs. Washington, Sunday @ Cleveland, Monday vs. Boston.  