  Thunder-Spurs notebook   By Tim Price, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday February 23, 2011 10:54PM THE FACTS:   Tony Parker  scored 20 points and  Gary Neal  added 19 off the bench while fighting off the five stitches he received to his face at halftime, and the San Antonio Spurs won in their first game after the All-Star break with a 109-105 decision over the Oklahoma City Thunder Wednesday at AT&T Center. The Spurs (47-10) have won 19 straight at home and all three games against the Thunder this season. Oklahoma City (36-20) had a chance to tie the game, but the Thunder were unable to get  Kevin Durant  open before  Jeff Green  took an off-balance 3-pointer with six seconds to go. QUOTABLE:  "The face is good. It [the cut that required stitches] was an elbow from  James Harden . I got hit twice. We felt like we had a lot to prove; they felt like they had a lot to prove, and that made the atmosphere like a playoff game."    -- Gary Neal THE STAT:  The Spurs were outrebounded 54-37 and outscored 14-2 in second-chance opportunities (San Antonio has been outrebounded by double digits in each of the past two games). Though a minus-12 in second-chance points, San Antonio made it up by winning the 3-point line by an 18-point margin (the Spurs were 13-for-21 from 3-point territory). TURNING POINT:  Oklahoma City trailed 88-80 heading into the fourth quarter, but  Daequan Cook  and Harden both made a pair of 3-pointers in the opening 4 ½ minutes and the Thunder would lead by two with just less than seven minutes to go. Harden could have made it a five-point lead, but he missed a three with 5 ½ left. Parker got the rebound and went the length of the court before he was fouled and hit both shots to tie the game. QUOTABLE II:  "James [Harden] missed a three that rimmed in and out. We had some good looks, but the ball didn't bounce our way."    -- Kevin Durant HOT:   Richard Jefferson  made his first four 3-point shots through the first half, but didn't try another one until missing with a tie game and 1 ½ minutes left in the game. Neal also went 4-for-5 from the 3-point line (he hit all three of his long-distance tries after being stitched up when he finished the first half with a layup collision with Harden). NOT:   Russell Westbrook  opened the game hitting 8-of-10 from the floor. Then he missed 13 of his next 14 shots to finish the game.  Manu Ginobili  missed 10 of his first 11 shots (he made a key driving bank shot in the final three minutes). Westbrook is shooting 34 percent (12-of-35) in the two games following the All-Star break, and Ginobili is shooting 35 percent (43-of-122) during February. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Apparently it's safe again to use Durant in a lineup against the Spurs. In his previous two games against San Antonio this season, Durant averaged less than 20 points, including a 16-point output that matched a season low. But he scored 30 against the Spurs on Wednesday, including 11-of-13 from the foul line. GOOD MOVE:  The Spurs stepped up their defense after allowing a 37-point first quarter, which matched the most the Spurs have given up in a quarter this season. Oklahoma City managed to shoot 32.8 percent (22-of-67) from the floor after the opening quarter. BAD MOVE:   Nick Collison  was called for a flagrant 1 foul in the first half when Parker was driving for a layup. Besides also resulting in a double technical against Durant and  Tim Duncan  for exchanging words, the Spurs went on a 14-2 run to end the half after Collison's move. ROOKIE WATCH:  Neal finished 6-of-9 from the floor and hit all three of his free throws in 27 minutes. He scored 10 points in the second quarter after Oklahoma City had led by eight, then hit for nine points after receiving stitches to the side of his face near his eye. NOTABLE:  The Spurs have won six straight over the Thunder. The Spurs are a league-best 26-2 at home this season. UP NEXT:  For the Thunder, Friday @ Orlando, Sunday vs. Lakers, Wednesday vs. Indiana. For the Spurs, Friday vs. New Jersey, Sunday vs. Memphis, Tuesday @ Memphis.  