
 Suns-Jazz notebook   By Andrew Aragon, for NBA.com Posted Friday October 29, 2010 2:32AM THE FACTS:  Phoenix guard  Steve Nash  scored 18 points and had five assists to lead the Suns to a 110-94 win over the Utah Jazz on Thursday night.  Hakim Warrick  sparked the Suns off the bench with 18 points and 11 rebounds, and  Jason Richardson  had 16 points.  Al Jefferson  led Utah with 20 points. QUOTABLE:  "Well, it was undoubtedly an important game for us. We played pretty well in Portland and just fell apart at the end. Tonight, I thought we learned a little bit of a lesson from Portland, we held our composure for longer stretches, and in particular, at the end of the game."  --  Steve   Nash  on his team rebounding from its season-opening loss to Portland . THE STAT:  The Suns' starting backcourt of Nash and Richardson severely outplayed Utah starters  Deron Williams  and  Raja Bell . Nash and Richardson combined for 34 points on 13-for-24 shooting while Williams and Bell combined for 20 points on 6-for-24 shooting. TURNING POINT:  The Suns never trailed against the Jazz, but had to fight off a few rallies in the third quarter. Phoenix put the game away late in the third with a 9-2 run.  Channing Frye  started the spurt with a 3-pointer,  Jared Dudley  sank two free throws, and Warrick and  Goran Dragic  added layups to make it a 84-69 Phoenix lead. Utah never got within single digits again. QUOTABLE II:  "We're trying to do too much. We're trying to make the extra pass, make the perfect play. Sometimes when you do that it's worse than if you just put it up there on the rim. I think we were trying too hard tonight."  -- Bell  on Utah's early season struggles. HOT:  Richardson caught fire in the second quarter. He scored 11 of his 16 points in a six-minute span. He made a 3-pointer with 29.1 seconds left in the first half, and then beat Utah's defense down the court for a layup to give the Suns a 58-42 lead at halftime. NOT:  The Jazz shot poorly as a team in the first half at 35.8 percent. Four of the team's starters ?  Andrei Kirilenko  (1-for-6) Jefferson (4-for-12), Bell (1-for-5) and Williams ? actually brought the percentage down. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Dragic is only useful in the deepest of leagues ? but that would change if he played against the Jazz every night. Dragic, a Jazz-killer last season, had another productive game in Utah with 11 points and six assists in 15 minutes. ROOKIE WATCH:  Jazz rookie  Gordon Hayward  provided Utah with a brief spark in the second quarter. He had a coast-to-coast layup to cut Phoenix's lead to 27-26, and scored on a fast-break to make it 32-30. He had four points and five rebounds in 13 minutes in the first half. His play cooled off after halftime as he finished with six points and six rebounds in 25 minutes. NOTABLE:  In the first half, the Suns made as many 3-pointers as they did free throws (seven). Phoenix has won two straight games in Utah after losing the previous four. The Jazz shot 14.3 percent from 3-point range in the first half. UP NEXT:  For the Suns, Friday vs. Lakers, Wednesday vs. Spurs, Nov. 5 vs. Grizzlies. For the Jazz, Sunday @ Thunder, Wednesday vs. Raptors, Nov. 5 @ Warriors. 
