Notebook: Bulls 97, Hawks 58 
 
 
 Kent McDill, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Mon Jan 14, 2013 11:36 PM - Updated Mon Jan 14, 2013 11:36 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:  Taking advantage of a ridiculously bad five-point second quarter by the Hawks, the host Chicago Bulls cruised to a 97-58 victory over Atlanta Monday. The Hawks set several records in scoring just 20 points in the first half and trailed 48-20 at the break.  Carlos Boozer  led the Bulls with 20 points and had 13 rebounds, while  Joakim Noah  had 16 boards for the Bulls.  Mike Scott , the Hawks' rookie third string small forward, was the only Hawk in double figures in scoring with 10 points.   
 
 
 THE FACTS II:  The game got a little ugly in the third quarter when Atlanta's  Devin Harris  shouldered former Hawk  Kirk Hinrich  as Hinrich made a strong drive to the basket and scored. Prior to that foul, however, Bulls guard  Rip Hamilton  was called for a blocking foul against Harris, wiping out Hinrich's basket. Harris got a Flagrant One foul. 
 
 
 QUOTABLE I:  "This was very, very embarrassing. It's time to shake things up. There will be changes."  --  Atlanta coach  Larry Drew. 
 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Here are some of the Atlanta franchise records the Hawks set in the first half and second quarter Monday; fewest points scored in a half (20), fewest points, second quarter (5). They also just missed the NBA regular season record for fewest points in a half, just better than the 19 points by the Los Angeles Clippers against the Lakers in 1999.  
 
 
 THE STAT II:  The Hawks were two for 21 from the field in the second quarter. They had more turnovers (7) and personal fouls (6) than they did points.   
 
 
THE STAT III:  The Bulls won the game by 39 points despite shooting just 41.8 percent from the field. They set a team record for least points allowed in a regular season game (the previous total was 59 points by Orlando last season).  
 
 
 TURNING POINT:  It took Atlanta 6:44 in the second quarter to score a single point, coming on a basket by  Al Horford . By that time they trailed 36-17 and the Bulls had scored 14 straight points. 
 
 INJURY UPDATE:   In the first quarter, Bulls center Noah landed wrong on a defensive play and twisted his knee, but returned to the game later in the quarter. Atlanta's  DeShawn Stevenson  did not play for the third time in four games because of bad knees, which will undergo medical tests Tuesday in Atlanta.   
 
 HOT:  Bulls forward Boozer recorded his 20th double-double of the season and seventh straight. 
 
 NOT:  Atlanta guard Harris was scoreless on five shots Monday, while  John Jenkins  made one of nine attempts. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "Early this morning, Tibs was going crazy on us at shoot-around. Just waking up early in the morning and having Tibs just screaming at you and screaming at you and screaming at you ... we didn't want that to happen to us again." --  Noah talking about coach  Tom Thibodeau. 
 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Atlanta coach Drew called a timeout at the 5:54 mark of the second quarter, when the Hawks were still scoreless in the period. After the timeout, Harris mishandled a bounce pass to him and let the ball cross the midcourt line for a turnover. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Bulls rookie guard  Marquis Teague , younger brother of Atlanta guard  Jeff Teague , was scoreless in six minutes of garbage time.     
 
 NOTABLE: Daequan Cook  scored his first points as a Bull in his third game, and finished with six points on a pair of 3-pointers... Jeff Teague and  Josh Smith  each got a technical foul, Smith's coming when he whipped the ball toward referee  Ken Mauer  after Smith made a layup... Atlanta has lost five straight on the road... the Bulls avoided becoming the sixth team in the NBA to have a losing record at home, raising their mark at the United Center to 11-10.    
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, @ Toronto Wednesday, @ Boston Friday, vs. Memphis Saturday. For the Hawks, vs. Brooklyn Wednesday, @ Brooklyn Friday, vs. San Antonio Saturday. 
