Notebook: Timberwolves 106, Celtics 88 
 
 
 Peter Kapsner, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Nov 16, 2013 11:09 PM - Updated Sat Nov 16, 2013 11:09 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  Timberwolves use a balanced attack to take down an over-matched Celtics team.  
 
 THE LEAD:  The Minnesota Timberwolves handled the rebuilding Celtics with relative ease on Saturday night, defeating Boston 106-88 in Minneapolis. Three Wolves scored at least 20 points with  Kevin Love  racking up 23 points and 12 boards, and  Nikola Pekovic  and  Kevin Martin  chipping in 20 each.  
 The action was sluggish as both teams were playing the second night of a back-to-back. The Wolves showed just enough energy early, however, to take the lead with 5:36 left in the opening quarter and never looked back. They led by double figures for most of the night, and never seemed threatened.  Avery Bradley  led Boston with 25 points and  Brandon Bass  chipped in 14. 
 
 QUOTABLE I:  "The guys pushed themselves through the fatigue....that's what we talked about at halftime....you gotta get the first five minutes (of the third quarter) you gotta get control of the game."  --  Wolves coach  Rick Adelman  addressing the weariness from having five games in seven nights. 
 
 
 TURNING POINT:  After a sluggish start to the game, Adelman paired  Ricky Rubio  and  J.J. Barea  in the backcourt towards the end of the first quarter. The diminutive duo burst suddenly into a break-neck pace, catching the Celtics by surprise and leading the Wolves to nine points in just over a minute. This sparked a 23-10 run and the Wolves took a commanding lead. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "No question. I like it. We do a good job moving the ball and attacking the paint."   --  Barea reflecting on co-running the offense with Rubio. 
 
 
 THE STAT:   Pekovic corralled eight offensive rebounds, leading to critical second chance baskets throughout the game. The Wolves, seemingly gassed from their 117-113 shootout loss at Denver on Friday, needed all the inside grit the big man from Montenegro provided. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "Between the two Kevins (Love and Martin) they are going to take the majority of the shots.  I'm just trying to find myself inside, try to be open, try to be in good position and every time I can try to go for offensive rebounds."  --  Pekovic on his current role inside. 
 
 
 HOT:  The Wolves offense continues to thrive in Adelman's schemes of rapid ball movement and hard cuts. With 106 points tonight, the Wolves kept near their 108 points per game pace, good for second in the NBA. 
 
 NOT:  Lack of consistency for the Celtics. After starting the season with four straight losses, they reeled off four straight wins to get to .500. They've now lost three in a row and face a brutal stretch of Houston, San Antonio, and Indiana in the week ahead. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  In a late pregame change to the starting lineup, Celtics coach  Brad Stevens  inserted  Vitor Faverani  into the starting lineup in the place of  Kelly Olynyk  in order to try to better handle the Wolves size inside. Even though Pekovic had a big game, Faverani held his own with nine points, 12 boards, three steals and three blocks. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  One night after taking a DNP-CD, Wolves first-round pick  Gorgui Dieng  got on the court for the final three minutes of garbage time.  Shabazz Muhammed , their other first rounder, racked up a second straight DNP-CD however. 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  NBA fan  Peter Casey  was in the building tonight as part of his quest to see 30 NBA games in 30 different arenas in 30 days. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Injured Wolves forward  Chase Budinger  appeared on the bench in street clothes tonight after being cleared to resume basketball activities. No timetable has been set for his return....Rubio attempted a free throw just over a minute into the game. He had not been to the line in the previous two games...One night after pouring in 26 points,  Jared Sullinger  was held to just three. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Wolves, Tuesday @ Washington, Wednesday vs. LA Clippers, Friday vs. Brooklyn.  For the Celtics, Tuesday @ Houston, Wednesday @ San Antonio, Friday vs. Indiana. 
