Notebook: Thunder 107, Mavericks 93 
 
 
 Randy Renner, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Thu Nov 07, 2013 1:27 AM - Updated Thu Nov 07, 2013 1:27 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Oklahoma City Thunder extended their winning streak (regular season and playoffs) to 11 straight games over the Dallas Mavericks. 
 
 THE LEAD:  The Thunder got double-doubles from two of their big three and had their best offensive night of the season in blowing past the Mavericks 107-93.  Kevin Durant  scored 23 points and added 10 assists and  Serge Ibaka  pumped in 17 points while pulling down 13 rebounds to lead the Thunder.  Russell Westbrook  also got into double digits with 22 points on 10-for-20 shooting. 
 The Mavericks had four players in double figures and were led by Monta Ellis who had 20 points, but he made just one 3-pointer and turned the ball over seven times.  Shawn Marion  and  Jae Crowder  had 17 apiece and  Dirk Nowitzki  was held to 16 points on 5-for-12 shooting. 
 Dallas was playing on the second night of a back-to-back and the Mavs seemed to run out of energy in the second half. 
 The Thunder hit 54.4 percent of their shots, their best shooting night in the first four games. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We did a lot of things we were hoping to accomplish tonight, make some shots was one. And I thought the defense was good throughout the game against a very good offensive team." --Thunder head coach  Scott Brooks 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Oklahoma City came in averaging just 15 assists per game but had 28 against the Mavs. The Thunder hit 38.5 percent of their 3-pointers, their best percentage beyond the arc in any game this season. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Thunder started the second half with a 6-0 run to push a six point halftime lead out to 12. Oklahoma City kept the margin in double digits most of the rest of the way. Early Dallas turnovers put the Mavericks in a tough spot. Late Thunder turnovers kept the final score as close as it was. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "The combination of untimely turnovers that turned into points and other problems we had did us in. They're a good team and to win this game in this atmosphere you really have to be right and it just wasn't there for us tonight." 
 -- Mavericks head coach  Rick Carlisle 
 
 
 HOT:  The Thunder struggled shooting the ball in their first three games but they shot 56.5 percent in the first quarter and were hitting 54.8 percent of their shots in the first half and finished at 54.4 percent... Jeremy Lamb  was 4-for-7 overall and 3-for-5 on 3-pointers for 13 points. 
 
 NOT:   Vince Carter  was 0-for-4 (zero points) and was ejected in the third quarter for elbowing Thunder rookie center  Steven Adams  in the face.  
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  The annual Thunder food drive collected 15,971 pounds of food from fans coming into the arena. The items will be distributed to food banks in central Oklahoma. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Brooks played Ibaka extended minutes to start the game and it paid off, he was 3-for-4 (seven points) in the first 10:30 of the game, just 1.7 points less than what he's averaged in the first three games. He also hit a 3-pointer and grabbed four rebounds.  
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Thunder center  Steven Adams   played 20 minutes, scoring six points and grabbing nine rebounds. He also had two steals and a block.   Mavs rookie guard  Gal Mekel  was 0-for-4. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "Steven's been good every day in practice. He hustles, he works hard, he protects the paint. He does everything we ask of him." 
 -- Brooks 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  Thunder guard  Reggie Jackson  left the game in the second quarter with a bruised hip and did not return. His status is day-to-day...The Mavericks haven't won a regular season game in Oklahoma City since December, 2010. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Mavericks: Friday @ Minnesota, Saturday @ Milwaukee, Tuesday vs. Washington. For the Thunder: Friday @ Detroit, Sunday vs. Washington, Wednesday @ LA Clippers. 
