  Rockets-Magic notebook   By Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com Posted Saturday January 8, 2011 12:17AM THE FACTS: Brandon Bass  and  Jason Richardson  highlighted a 17-0 third-quarter run and the Orlando Magic cruised to their eighth straight victory, 110-95, over the Houston Rockets. Bass and Richardson led six Magic players in double figures with 18 points each. Kevin Martin  scored a game-high 27 points for the Rockets, who have lost four straight. QUOTABLE:  "Time will tell what we're doing here. But for right now, while we have (the streak), we might as well just try to continue it. Each night a different player is stepping up and  that's progress. One player is not dominating."   -- Magic guard Gilbert Arenas. THE STAT:  The Magic shot 16-for-22 (.727) in a 39-point third quarter. TURNING POINT:  It was a two-point game early in the third quarter when Brandon Bass hit an open jump shot, igniting a 17-0 Orlando run. The Rockets never again got the margin into single figures after going scoreless for nearly 5 1/2 minutes. QUOTABLE II:  "You have to move the basketball. You have to move bodies. This offense has proven you can get good shots. We stopped moving the basketball and were sitting ducks out there."   -- Rockets forward  Shane Battier. HOT: Jason Richardson  hit his first four 3-point shots and shot 7-for-8 overall. NOT : After a 2-for-9 shooting game Wednesday night, Gilbert Arenas missed his first five shots and finished 3-for-9. GOOD MOVE:  Howard sat out the final 9:33 of the first half after picking up his third foul. The Magic played better in the first half without him. BAD MOVE : The Rockets kept playing off Bass, who has a deadly mid-range jumper. QUOTABLE III:  "I'm surprised at how quickly it's come together offensively, But I think with  Turk (Hedo Turkoglu)  and Gilbert, we added two guys who can really see the floor and pass the ball. So I think that's helped us a great deal."   --  Coach Stan Van Gundy  on the gelling of the Magic so after their big trades of Dec. 18 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Kevin Martin followed Wednesday night's 45-point effort with 27 more. ROOKIE WATCH:  The Rockets'  Patrick Patterson  scored 12 points on 6-for-7 shooting. NOTABLE:  The Magic's winning streak is one short of the franchise record, set in 1994 and duplicated in 2001 . . . The Magic have had six or more players in double figures in five straight games. UP NEXT:  For the Rockets, Saturday vs. Utah, Monday @ Boston, Wednesday vs. Oklahoma City. For the Magic, Saturday @ Dallas, Wednesday @ New Orleans, Thursday @ Oklahoma City.  