  Notebook: Clippers 104, Nuggets 98 Posted Thursday April 19, 2012 1:30AM By Michael Kelly, for NBA.com THE FACTS: Kenyon Martin  scored the go-ahead basket on a tip-in with 27.1 seconds remaining before blocking the potential game-tying shot on the ensuing possession, helping the Los Angeles Clippers beat the Denver Nuggets 104-98 on Wednesday night. Chris Paul  had 21 points to lead the Clippers, who won their fifth straight and 13th in the past 15 games.  Mo Williams  added 19 points,  Caron Butler  had 14 and  Nick Young  13.  Blake Griffin  finished with 12 points after being limited to two points in the first half. Ty Lawson  had 24 points to lead the Nuggets, who lost at home for the first time since a March 19 setback to Dallas.  Al Harrington  added 14 points for Denver, which saw its home winning streak snapped at five games. QUOTABLE:  "We're happy with any win we can get any way we can get it. Denver is a tough, tough team and this is a tough place to play and to pull one out like that is great."   --  Griffin THE STAT:  The Clippers connected on 14 3-pointers in the victory over the Nuggets, matching their season high. The Clippers also had 14 3s in a Jan. 29 game against the Nuggets. TURNING POINT: Andre Miller  made a pair of free throws to tie the game at 96-all with 52.8 seconds left to play. On the Clippers' next trip down the floor, Paul missed a jumper but Martin, a former Nugget who played in Denver for seven years, went over traffic for the rebound and put the ball back in the net to give the Clippers the lead. Martin then hustled down the floor to block Lawson's attempted layup. Paul then hit a couple of free throws to stretch the Clippers advantage to four points in the final seconds. QUOTABLE II:  "You hate to single out one singular play as to why you lose an entire basketball game but his rebound and then the block was huge for them."    -- Nuggets guard  Arron Afflalo  on the two key plays by Martin. HOT:  Paul's 21 points marked the 27th time this season he has scored 20 or more points in a game.  Kosta Koufos  had 12 points for Denver to score in double digits for the eighth time this season. GOOD MOVE:  Clippers coach  Vinny Del Negro  kept Martin on the floor in the final minute and it paid off when Martin blocked Lawson's potential tying shot to keep the Clippers ahead by two. QUOTABLE III:  "It's about winning basketball. You never quit playing, no matter what the situation is. Always put yourself in position to make plays. It was perfect timing."   -- Martin, on his key plays down the stretch. NOTABLE:  The Clippers won the season series with the Nuggets 3-1. Griffin was held to 12 points and didn't block a shot, marking the third time this season that he has scored 12 or fewer points while not registering a block. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Thursday @ Phoenix, Sunday vs. New Orleans, Tuesday @ Atlanta. For the Nuggets, Saturday @ Phoenix, Sunday vs. Orlando, Wednesday @ Oklahoma City.  