  Nuggets-Heat notebook   By Shandel Richardson, for NBA.com Posted Saturday March 19, 2011 11:08PM THE FACTS:  The Miami Heat defeated the Denver Nuggets 103-98 Saturday night at AmericanAirlines Arena. Forward  LeBron James  led all scorers with 33 points while guard  Dwyane Wade  added 32 points. The Big Three, including forward  Chris Bosh , combined for 73 of the Heat's points. The Heat have now won two straight since Wednesday's disappointing loss to the Oklahoma City Thunder, and kept them within reach of second place in the Eastern Conference standing. They still trail the Boston Celtics and Chicago Bulls. The Nuggets, who have lost two straight, were led by  J.R. Smith's  27 points. He and  Danilo Gallinari , both reserves, were Denver's top scorers. Gallinari finished with 23 points. QUOTABLE:  "Tonight was not our best execution, but we had enough. We've certainly made progress."  --  Heat coach  Erik Spoelstra. THE STAT:  James and Wade topped the 30-point mark in the same game for the fourth time this season. With both shooting at high percentage, the Heat's offense was virtually unstoppable. TURNING POINT:  The Heat led by double-digits most of the way, but the Nuggets made a strong charge when they cut the lead to 84-80 midway through the fourth quarter. The Heat responded by scoring the game's next 10 points, ending any chance of a comeback. HOT:  James continued his hot shooting. After scoring 43 against the Atlanta Hawks the previous night, he was once again effective from the field. He shot 15 of 25 from the field, hitting several mid-range jumpshots. Wade was also solid, making 10 of 20 shots. NOT:  Nuggets forward  Wilson Chandler  struggled for most of the night, hitting 5 of 15 shots. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Bosh filled the stat sheets for the Heat. He grabbed 11 rebounds and also had six assists. He was also an efficient 4 of 9 from the field. GOOD MOVE:  Guard  Mike Bibby  was solid in  Mario Chalmers'  absence. When Chalmers left in second quarter with what the team called a sprained knee, Bibby stepped up in replacement. He scored 14 points on 5 of 9 shooting, and is expected to become the starter without Chalmers in the lineup. BAD MOVE:  The Nuggets did receive much contribution from the starters, with so much production coming off the bench. Chandler,  Ty Lawson  and  Arron Afflalo  were basically not effective, but the play of Gallinari and J.R. Smith was able to keep the Nuggets alive. NOTABLE:  Chalmers is expected to have an MRI on knee Sunday morning. Bosh recorded his fifth straight double-double, his longest streak of the season. Wade and James scored at least 30 points in the same game for the fourth time. UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Wednesday @ Detroit, Friday vs. Philadelphia, Sunday vs. Houston. For the Nuggets, Monday vs. Toronto, Wednesday vs. San Antonio, Friday vs. Washington.  