Notebook: Kings 105, Magic 100 
 
 
 Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Dec 21, 2013 11:32 PM - Updated Sun Dec 22, 2013 1:01 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  Isaiah Thomas  played the entire second half and led the Sacramento Kings to a 105-100 victory over the Orlando Magic. 
 
 THE LEAD:  Thomas and  Rudy Gay  scored 23 points each and Thomas added nine assists to help the Kings (8-18) finish a rough road trip with a win. 
 After giving up 51 points and falling behind by 12 in the first 17 minutes, the Kings held the Magic (8-19) to 49 the rest of the game. 
 
 Marcus Thornton  came off the bench with 15 points, hitting three 3-pointers over a 2:07 span in the fourth quarter to propel Sacramento down the stretch. 
 
 Arron Afflalo  scored a game-high 26 points for the Magic, who have lost their last two games at home to the teams with the worst records in the Western Conference. 
 
 THE STAT:  Thomas played 43 minutes, 44 seconds, and has averaged well over 39 minutes in Sacramento's last six games. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We had a good talk before the game and [coach  Michael Malone]  asked me to be honest if I thought I was playing too much. I told him it hasn't really affected me, just last game I was a little fatigued. At the same time, I want to win. I want to be out there and I want to lead this team to wins, and if I've got to be out there for 43 or 45 minutes, I can do it. I work hard to be in that position." 
 -- Thomas. 
 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Sacramento closed the first half on a 14-4 run to trail by only two at halftime. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I think the key to the game was the end of the second quarter. Rudy [Gay] kind of got off in that last couple of minutes. He scored 10 points in that span and we cut it to two points, and then we had the momentum to start that third quarter." 
 -- Malone. 
 
 
 HOT:  With Gay, Thomas and Thornton making three each, the Kings shot 12-for-23 (52 percent) from behind the arc. 
 
 NOT:  Four different players missed six straight free throws for the Magic, who have lost 10 of 12. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "I don't really care too much about the East being weak or whatever. It's an opportunity for us to move ahead. We haven't been playing well overall from the win-loss perspective, but the reality is we're four or five games from being in a comfortable spot in the playoffs. That's what this season calls for. That's how I'm going to approach it." 
 -- Afflalo. 
 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Kings center  DeMarcus Cousins , one of  three NBA players among the top 10 in scoring and rebounding, produced 14 points and 11 rebounds. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Kings guard  Ben McLemore  made all three of his shots and scored nine points in 17 minutes. ... After starting 16 straight games, the Magic's  Victor Oladipo  struggled with 5-for-13 shooting off the bench. 
 
 NOTABLE:  It was the fourth game in five nights for the Kings, who broke a three-game losing streak. ... The Magic are 2-9 against Western Conference opponents. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Kings: Monday vs. New Orleans, Friday vs. Miami, Sunday (Dec. 29) @ San Antonio. For the Magic: Monday vs. New York, Friday vs. Detroit, Sunday (Dec. 29) vs. Atlanta. 
