Notebook: Celtics 106, Nuggets 98 
 
 
 Brian Robb, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Dec 06, 2013 11:39 PM - Updated Fri Dec 06, 2013 11:39 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Celtics tied a season high with 39 points in the first quarter against Denver.   
 
 THE LEAD:  The Boston Celtics nearly squandered a 27-point lead in the second half, but managed to hold off the feisty Denver Nuggets in a 106-98 win at the TD Garden. Boston's starting five, led by  Jordan Crawford  (22 points), keyed a hot start for the green, but it was Boston's second unit that held off a second-half charge from the Nuggets.  Kris Humphries  captained that group with a season-high 18 points and seven rebounds off the bench in just 23 minutes.  Ty Lawson  had a team-high 20 points in the setback, before he left the game with a strained left hamstring in the third quarter. He did not return.   
 
 QUOTABLE:  "[Kris] played great all night; he's done a good job for us, and again, I think that speaks to his professionalism too because this hasn't been always easy for him.  But he's always been a pro about everything." 
 -- Celtics coach  Brad Stevens 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Boston tied a season low with 10 turnovers in the contest, including just two during the pivotal fourth quarter. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  After the Nuggets cut a 20-point halftime deficit to three in the final moments of the third quarter, Humphries jumpstarted the Celtics' offense, scoring seven points during an 11-4 Boston run to close out the frame. The counter allowed Boston to regain control of the contest for the game's final 12 minutes.   
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "You know its just about playing a part. It's not about me, it's about beating a very good team we really prepared for. We knew it was going to be a very tough game, but we got off to a great start. The bench played great when they brought it back in the third and we were able to close it out." 
 -- Kris Humphries  
 
 
 HOT:    Avery Bradley  -- The fourth-year guard thrived in the opening quarter for the second straight game, posting 13 of his 18 points in the frame on 6-for-8 shooting.  Over the past two games, Bradley is averaging 10.5 points in the first quarter.  
 
 NOT: Randy Foye  -- Hounded by tough defense from Boston's backcourt, Foye went scoreless in the first half on 0-for-3 shooting, before recovering with a 12-point second half.   
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "No excuse tonight. We can't continue to put ourselves at a deficit and spot a team a 24-point lead in the first half and expect to be able to win the game. We have to expend so much energy to get back into the game and we do that, and then we just turn around and just give it away. But it just takes too much energy to expend and try to get back into it." 
 -- Denver coach  Brian Shaw 
 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Crawford -- The midseason addition to the starting five is putting together the best stretch of basketball in his NBA career, delivering big numbers all over the box score. Over his past four games, Crawford is averaging 19 points, seven assists, and five rebounds in each contest.   
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:   Vitor Faverani  -- Boston's big man had one of his best games in weeks against an undersized Denver front line. Faverani posted seven points, four rebounds and a pair of assists in 17 minutes.   
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Stevens stuck with his second unit for nearly the entire fourth quarter, as they help build back up a 20-point lead the starters had surrendered in the opening moments of the second half.  
 
 NOTABLE:    Kelly Olynyk  missed his seventh straight game with a sprained right ankle. Stevens is hopeful he will return to the lineup in the middle of next week. ... Boston's 27-point second quarter edge was their biggest lead of the season. ... The Nuggets started the game 0-of-8 from the field. .... Shaw had his first game in Boston as a head coach. He spent his first three seasons in the NBA with the Celtics. ...The Nuggets never led in the contest. ...Denver dropped their second straight game after their impressive seven-game winning streak. ...The Nuggets had a season-low 11 assists.     
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Celtics, Sunday @ New York, Tuesday @ Brooklyn, Wednesday vs. L.A. Clippers. For the Nuggets, Saturday @ Philadelphia, Monday @ Washington, Friday vs. Utah.   
