  Notebook: Bobcats 100, Magic 84 Posted Tuesday March 6, 2012 10:41PM By Derek S. Smith, for NBA.com THE FACTS:   Corey Maggette  scored 29 points as the Charlotte Bobcats came back from a 20-point deficit to defeat the Orlando Magic Tuesday night 100-84 at Time Warner Cable Arena. The win snapped a five-game losing streak for Charlotte which had also lost 21 of its last 22 games.  Dwight Howard  led the Magic with 15 points and 17 rebounds. QUOTABLE:  "We came out and were aggressive tonight. I just kept fighting out there all night and got to the free throw line late. It was a great team effort out there."   -- Charlotte Bobcats forward Maggette THE STAT:  Hot shooting. The Bobcats shot 57.1 percent in the final three periods of the win over Orlando. The Bobcats were 6-for-24 in the first quarter and trailed Orlando by 10 points. Charlotte made 32 of its final 56 shots to down the Magic. TURNING POINT:  Ejection. Charlotte coach  Paul Silas  was ejected after two quick technical fouls were called on him at the 3:53 mark of the second quarter. That proved to be a rallying cry for the Bobcats. Charlotte closed the half on a 14-1 run and cut the Magic to lead to just five at the break, 48-43. Charlotte continued the run as the second half began with eight straight to take a 51-48 lead. QUOTABLE II:  "We deserved to lose and they deserved to win. This is how we've played a lot lately. We try to pick spurts in the game to play, but we've been able to turn it around at times and then bounce back. We've gotten away with it and we're happy getting away with it. We're not trying to become a great team. We're not putting the effort in mentally or physically to do that. Quite honestly, we got what we deserved."   -- Orlando coach  Stan Van Gundy HOT:  Maggette. The Charlotte forward led all scorers with 29 points. He was 9-for-17 from the floor and 10-for-11 from the charity stripe while sinking his only three pointer. Maggette also added seven rebounds and one steal. Maggette is averaging 26.5 in his last two contests and has scored 20 or more in three of the last five games. NOT:   Hedo Turkoglu  had six points on 2-for-10 shooting and grabbed just one rebound while committing four fouls and four turnovers for Orlando. Turkoglu failed to score in Monday's win over Toronto and had just one rebound in that game as well. BAD MOVE:  Hack-A-Mack. The Orlando Magic tried to pull closer to the Bobcats late in the fourth quarter by continually fouling  Bismack Biyombo . The Charlotte rookie was 3-for-6 from the free throw line and was successful enough at the free throw line that the Magic abandoned that method for getting back in the game. ROOKIE WATCH:  Biyombo had a monster night. The rookie had 10 points and a career-best 15 rebounds. It was his third career double-double. It was his fifth game of 10 or more rebounds in the last 11 games. He also tied a career-high with seven blocked shots. It marked the fourth time he's registered four or more blocks in a game. NOTABLE:  This was the first home win for Charlotte since a 112-100 win over Golden State on January 14. ...  Boris Diaw  was a DNP-Coaches Decision. It broke a streak of 384 consecutive games played which was second only to  Derek Fisher . ... The Bobcats trailed 37-17 with 9:58 to play in the second quarter. The 20-point deficit was the second largest deficit overcome in a win in franchise history. ... Bobcats center  Byron Mullens  grabbed a career-best 13 rebounds. ...  Dwight Howard  recorded his 32nd double-double of the season with 15 points and 17 rebounds ... Magic forward  Ryan Anderson  recorded his ninth double-double of the season with 14 points and 11 rebounds. ... Magic guard  J.J. Redick  scored in double figures for the 26th time this season. ... Orlando is 1-13 when scoring less than 90 points this season. UP NEXT:  For the Magic, Thursday @ Chicago, Sunday vs. Indiana, and Tuesday vs. Miami. For the Bobcats, Wednesday vs. Utah, Friday vs. New Jersey and Saturday @ Oklahoma City.  