Notebook: Kings 106, Rockets 91 
 
 
 James Ham, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Dec 15, 2013 9:50 PM - Updated Sun Dec 15, 2013 9:50 PM 
 
 THE FACT: Rudy Gay  has scored a combined 50 points on 56-percent shooting in his first two games as a member of the Sacramento Kings. 
 
 THE LEAD:  Sacramento (7-15) took a 10 point lead into the fourth quarter and never looked back, beating the Houston Rockets (16-9) by the final of 106-91 at Sleep Train Arena Sunday night. 
 Gay was electric in his home debut for the Kings.  The veteran wing scored a team-high 26 points on 10-for-20 shooting and added five rebounds and four steals in 40 minutes.   DeMarcus Cousins  tossed in 21 points and 10 rebounds, while  Isaiah Thomas  finished with an efficient 19 points and eight assists in the victory.   
 
 James Harden  scored 25 points in 33 minutes, but went down in the early third quarter with a left ankle injury.  He returned later, but struggled to find his game and shut it down for good midway through the fourth.   Chandler Parsons  added 19 points for the Rockets and  Dwight Howard  chipped in 13 points and 10 rebounds in the loss. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "It makes the game so much easier.  It's not such a heavy load on me and Isaiah every night.  Just having another go-to guy, like I said, makes the game so much easier."  
 
 -- DeMarcus Cousins on the addition of Gay as a third scorer 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The combination of Gay, Cousins and Thomas finished with 76 of the Kings 106 point on the night. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Harden had 22 points in the early third quarter when he rolled his left ankle.  He attempted to come back and play through the injury, but scored only three more points the rest of the way.  Without their leading scorer, the Rockets couldn't keep up with Kings. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "Rudy is so skilled, he's so talented.  He makes it looks so easy out there offensively, and he can score in so many ways."   
 
 -- Michael Malone  on the addition of Gay 
 
 
 HOT:   Thomas finished the first half with 11 points on 3-for-3 shooting and three assists in 19 minutes. 
 
 NOT: Omri Casspi  struggled with his shot tonight against his former team, finishing with just four points in 15 minutes on 1-for-5 shooting. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Malone mixed and matched his lineups all night long and put faith in players who have been on the roster for less than a week. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  The Kings left the lane open and Parsons ran right down the middle of their defense for open baskets the entire first half.  
 
 NOTABLE: Jeremy Lin  missed tonight's game with lower back spasms.   Omer Asik  sat with a thigh contusion and coach  Kevin McHale  is still away from the team tending to a personal matter. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Rockets, Wednesday vs. Chicago, Friday @ Indiana, Saturday @ Detroit. For the Kings, Tuesday @ Charlotte, Wednesday @ Atlanta, Friday @ Miami. 
