  Nets-Bucks notebook   By Rick Braun, for NBA.com Posted Sunday January 30, 2011 12:20AM THE FACTS: Carlos Delfino  scored 21 points, including four 3-pointers, and  Andrew Bogut  had 17 points, 18 rebounds and seven blocked shots as the Milwaukee Bucks topped the New Jersey Nets, 91-81, Saturday night in Milwaukee for their third straight victory. QUOTABLE:  "It's huge for us. Not just (3-pointers) , (Delfino's) a 2/3 man that can create off the dribble for us; we can put him in pick-and-rolls; he's got a high basketball IQ; he rebounds for us as well. We definitely missed him."   -- Bogut on having Delfino back in the lineup THE STAT:  Delfino's four 3-pointers give him 10 in the last three games -- all Milwaukee victories. As a team, the Bucks are 24-for-56 (42.9 percent) in those three games, an average of eight 3-pointers per game. For the season, with Delfino having missed 2 1/2 months, the Bucks are shooting just 34.8 percent (247-for-709) on 3-pointers. TURNING POINT:  With their share of sloppy play, the Bucks had allowed the Nets to stay within striking distance, as  Brook Lopez 's running hook made it 70-63 with about 11 minutes left. From there, Delfino drilled a jumper and a 3-pointer to start a 13-4 run that made it 85-67, and the Bucks cruised from there. QUOTABLE II:  "Those are momentum plays. You go down the floor and you throw it into 'Bogues' (Bogut) or you have some action going on the side of the floor and you move it to the weak side of the floor and have someone who can make a three. We've had too many times this year where we couldn't knock down that shot, and that's one of Carlos' best shots."   -- Bucks coach  Scott Skiles  on Delfino bringing the 3-point shot back to the Milwaukee offense. HOT:  Bucks forward  Ersan Ilyasova  went 6-for-9 to score 14 points. Coupled with a 9-for-10 performance Friday night, Ilyasova has made 15 of 19 shots over the two nights. Before those two games he was shooting 41.3 percent. He's now at 43.2 percent for the season. NOT:  New Jersey point guard  Devin Harris , a native of the Milwaukee area, didn't find the Bradley Center rims to his liking, going just 2-for-11. He did contribute 16 assists. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Bogut's line of 17 points, 18 rebounds and seven blocked shots made a lot of fantasy owners happy. INSIDE THE ARENA:  The crowd rose in loud applause with 4:16 left in the third quarter when Green Bay Packers quarterback  Aaron Rodgers  and Milwaukee Brewers left fielder  Ryan Braun  entered via the north tunnel and took seats together courtside. Between the third and fourth quarters Rodgers was introduced to the crowd and shown on the big screen to a standing ovation. The loud cheering prevented Braun from being introduced. GOOD MOVE:  Skiles started Delfino at shooting guard Saturday night as  Chris Douglas-Roberts  (death in the family) and  John Salmons  (hip) were both unavailable. It was Delfino's first start in six games since returning from 2 1/2 months out with post-concussion syndrome. ROOKIE WATCH:  New Jersey's  Derrick Favors  was 4-for-6 for eight points and added three rebounds in 24 minutes. NOTABLE:  Point guard  Brandon Jennings  returned for the Bucks after missing 19 games because of a broken left foot. He was on a strict limit of 12 minutes and left for good with 10:28 left in the game. He took a seat for the rest of the night with two points and one assist. ... Bucks forward  Drew Gooden  missed his fifth straight game and 20th overall with plantar fasciitis in the left foot. ... New Jersey guard  Jordan Farmar  missed his second straight game with back spasms. UP NEXT:  For the Nets, Monday vs. Denver, Wednesday vs. Philadelphia, Friday @ Detroit. For the Bucks, Monday @ Los Angeles Clippers, Wednesday @ Phoenix, Thursday @ Golden State.  