Notebook: Warriors 105, Clippers 103 
 
 
 Geoff Lepper, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Thu Dec 26, 2013 3:05 AM - Updated Thu Dec 26, 2013 3:11 AM 
 
 THE FACT :  Andrew Bogut  (14 boards) and  David Lee  (13) each hit double digits in rebounds for the 10th consecutive game. They're the first pair of NBA teammates to do that since  Rich Kelley  and  Truck Robinson  of the New Orleans Jazz did so in 1978.. 
 
 THE LEAD: Klay Thompson  scored 23 points and blocked  Chris Paul 's game-tying attempt with one second remaining as the Golden State Warriors outlasted the Los Angeles Clippers 105-103 Wednesday night. 
 Lee tied Thompson for team-high honors with 23 points as the Warriors (17-13) ended a five-game winning streak for Los Angeles (20-10), even as the two teams added another chapter to their recent history of mutual dislike with multiple altercations. 
 Paul tallied a game-high 26 points and dished out 11 assists, but missed twice in the final 12 seconds with a chance to tie the score on both occasions. 
 
 Blake Griffin  had 20 points and 14 boards before being ejected early in the fourth quarter for drawing two technical fouls in the span of 77 seconds on the game clock, forcing the Clippers to go small for much of the rest of the game. 
 
 QUOTABLE : "We were kicking their butt, and then they went to something else, to be honest. But that's fine. We have to have better composure and just keep playing. There's no doubt about that. But I thought in the basketball part of it, we were showing them pretty well. All the other stuff, it worked in their favor. So it was a smart thing for them to do."  --  Clippers coach  Doc Rivers 
 
 
 THE STAT : The Warriors flung themselves around Oracle Arena to save several loose balls, and it led to 16 offensive rebounds for Golden State, who turned those into a 24-9 advantage in second-chance points on the evening. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  For two teams whose coaches swear they don't have a rivalry, things have certainly gotten heated in recent years when the Clippers and Warriors square off, and things were no different this time around. The chippiness reached maximum volume at the end of the third quarter as Golden State's  Draymond Green  was called for a flagrant-2 for delivering a post-buzzer elbow to Griffin, who received a technical for responding to the provocation. Griffin didn't last long; he and Bogut grappled with each other at the 10:43 mark of the fourth quarter, leading to a flagrant-1 and technical for the Warriors' center but also a second technical on Griffin. 
 
 QUOTABLE II : "If you look at it, I didn't do anything and I got thrown out of the game. It all boils down to they [the referees] fell for it. To me, it's cowardly basketball. I don't know their intentions, but it worked."  --  Griffin 
 
 
 QUOTABLE III : "We like them. Merry Christmas."  --  Warriors coach  Mark Jackson 
 
 
 QUOTABLE IV:  "Obviously, the Clippers don't like us, we don't like them. That's not a secret. But you don't want to like your opponent, whether it's the Clippers or the Jazz or the Kings, whoever it is. . . . I think we need to bring that extra tension to every game."  --  Bogut 
 
 
 HOT : Thompson came in mired in a shooting funk, having gone 48-for-130 from the floor (36.9 percent) in his last eight games. In addition to his work trying to check Paul, Thompson also cracked the 20-point barrier for the first time since Dec. 9, and threw in five rebounds and four assists for good measure. 
 
 GOOD MOVE: Harrison Barnes  has been a non-factor off the bench since  Andre Iguodala  returned to the Warriors' starting lineup, but Wednesday was a breakout performance from the bench for the second-year forward. Jackson trusted him with crunch-time minutes in the fourth quarter and although he didn't convert from the field, Barnes provided an attacking mindset that's been missing for him this season. He finished with a season-high nine free-throw attempts, knocking down seven of them en route to 14 points and five rebounds in 25 minutes. 
 
 NOT:  Paul was his usual All-Star-caliber self for much of the night, but he missed at the 11.9-second mark -- a play where Rivers felt Barnes had gone over Paul's back -- and then again on the last-ditch try. 
 
 QUOTABLE V : "I've got to finish that. Who cares whether he fouled me or not? That's a layup. I've got to make that. That's probably the most frustrating part about the entire game."  --  Paul 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  The Clippers, who came in ranked 25th in 3-point percentage, shot just 4-for-18 (22.2 percent) from deep....Griffin and  DeAndre Jordan  (13 points, 13 rebounds) matched double-doubles with Bogut and Lee. Jordan added six blocked shots, his fourth game with at least five...Golden State is 9-4 when Thompson scores at least 20 points...Lee recorded his 18th double-double of the season...Griffin recorded his 21st double-double while Paul added his 23rd...The Warriors compiled 27 assists. They are 5-0 when notching at least 27 dimes. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Thursday @ Portland, Saturday vs. Utah, Monday vs. Phoenix. For the Warriors, Friday vs. Phoenix, Sunday @ Cleveland, Tuesday @ Orlando. 
