  Notebook: Nuggets 123, Warriors 84 Posted Tuesday April 10, 2012 1:16AM By Michael Kelly, for NBA.com THE FACTS: Kenneth Faried  had 27 points and 17 rebounds -- both career highs -- and  Danilo Gallinari  returned to the lineup to score 15 as the Denver Nuggets routed the Golden State Warriors 123-84 on Monday night. Seven players scored double figures and  Andre Miller  had a game-high 12 assists for the Nuggets, who bounced back from a 15-point loss at Golden State on Saturday. Klay Thompson  led the Warriors with 17 points and  Nate Robinson  had 16 off the bench. QUOTABLE:  "I don't usually show negative video, but if I had to watch that Sunday they had to watch it today."    -- Nuggets coach  George Karl,  on making his players watch the tape of Saturday's loss to Golden State. THE STAT:  The Nuggets outrebounded the Warriors 60-27 and had the first nine of the game. Golden State didn't grab their first board until rookie  Jeremy Tyler  got it with 8:08 left in the first quarter. The Nuggets also had 35 assists, two short of their season high. TURNING POINT:  The opening tip. Denver came out like a team looking for revenge for Saturday's loss at Golden State. The Nuggets scored the first 10 points, led by 15 just 4:06 into the game and were up by as many as 24 in the first quarter. The Warriors never made it a game. HOT:  Faried had a memorable night. He had a double-double with 2:28 left in the second quarter -- after logging just 14 minutes -- and went into intermission with 19 points and 12 rebounds. Through the first 35 minutes he single-handedly outrebounded the Warriors 17-16. He also had as many offensive rebounds (seven) as Golden State overall. He also became the first player to have at least 27 points and 17 rebounds while playing 25 minutes or less. QUOTABLE II:  "I had one (point) and four (rebounds) Saturday and that's not my game at all. I'm a very energetic guy. I love to rebound it, it's fun to me. I'm athletic and last time we played them I didn't do any of that."    -- Faried, on the difference between Saturday and Monday. NOT:  The Warriors looked lifeless and uninterested from the beginning, which was a big change from Saturday's win. They were aggressive two nights ago, scoring 58 points in the paint. Monday they managed to get outscored 70-18 in that category. They also finished with just nine fast-break points. QUOTABLE III:  "If you look at any statistic in the game -- rebounding, blocked shots, fast-break points, points in the paint -- we showed no signs of life throughout the game."    -- Warriors forward  David Lee GOOD MOVE:  Karl didn't worry about rust when he put Gallinari back in the starting lineup. The forward missed 10 games with a fractured left thumb and Karl wanted to throw him out there to get ready for the playoff push. With just 10 games left, including Monday, Karl is trying to solidify his possible postseason rotation and there's no time to ease somebody back into the lineup. BAD MOVE:  No matter what coach  Mark Jackson  tried, he couldn't find the right combination to slow down the Nuggets. His team likes to run but didn't recognize when Denver would release downcourt for an easy layup. Overall, it looked like the Warriors were on their way to Portland before this game even started. QUOTABLE IV:  "They came out like a team that was embarrassed last game on national TV and we came out going through the motions. It was a good ol' fashion beatdown. By the time we realized what hit us the game was out of reach."    -- Jackson INSIDE THE ARENA:  Former Warriors great  Rick Barry , who led Golden State to the 1975 NBA title, was in the arena. ROOKIE WATCH:  Thompson had another solid game against the Nuggets. In the three games he's played against them he averaged 17 points. NOTABLE:  The 39-point margin of victory was the largest of the season and was the sixth-largest in Denver franchise history. ... The Nuggets' 33-plus rebounding advantage matches the largest in the NBA since Philadelphia did it to the Warriors on Dec. 14, 2009. UP NEXT:  For the Warriors, Wednesday @ Portland, Thursday vs. Dallas, Saturday @ L.A. Clippers. For the Nuggets, Wednesday vs. Minnesota, Friday @ L.A. Lakers, Sunday vs. Houston.  