  Sixers-Trail Blazers notebook   By Kerry Eggers, for NBA.com Posted Sunday March 20, 2011 2:07AM THE FACTS: Wesley Matthews ,  Gerald Wallace  and  LaMarcus Aldridge  did the heavy lifting for Portland in a 110-101 victory over Philadelphia at the Rose Garden. Matthews scored 28 points to go with six rebounds, Wallace had 25 points, six rebounds and a season-high eight assists and Aldridge collected 18 points, seven rebounds and five assists for the Trail Blazers. Portland (40-29) moved within a half-game of Denver (41-29), which sits in fifth place in the Western Conference. QUOTABLE:  "I was just knocking down open shots, really. My teammates were finding me, and I was getting open -- shooting with confidence. Just playing the game, taking what came to me. It was the three-ball tonight."    -- Matthews, who finished 9-for-15 from the field, including 6-for-9 on 3-point attempts. THE STAT:  Portland was 11-for-23 from 3-point range. Philadelphia was almost as good, making eight of 17 attempts from beyond the arc. Both those nine points were the difference. TURNING POINT:  Philly cut Portland's lead to 92-89 with nine minutes remaining, but the Blazers responded with a 9-0 run to put the 76ers away. QUOTABLE II:  "He is playing like he did when he was an All-Star at Charlotte. He gives them that guy who can play the three and the four. You saw how many high-energy plays he made."    -- Philadelphia coach Doug Collins on Wallace HOT:  Matthews was in a zone early, going 6-for-6 -- 5-for-5 from 3-point range -- while scoring 17 of Portland's first 26 points in the first quarter. NOT:  Philadelphia's leading scorer,  Elton Brand , never got going, finishing with 10 points on 4-for-11 shooting to go with nine rebounds in 35 minutes. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Wallace had his most sensational game yet in a Portland uniform with 25 points, six rebounds, eight assists and four steals in 41 minutes. INSIDE THE ARENA:  The Blazers and Banfield Pet Hospital teamed up for the second annual "Pet Appreciation Night" at the Rose Garden. Pets available for adoption from the Oregon Humane Society were paraded around the concourse throughout the night. GOOD MOVE:  Portland coach  Nate McMillan  used 6-foot-8 small forward  Nicolas Batum  to defend Philadelphia point guard  Jrue Holiday . The 6-foot-4 Holiday struggled through a 3-for-11 shooting night. ROOKIE WATCH:  With  Andre Iguodala  sidelined with a knee injury,  Evan Turner  started at small forward for Philadelphia. He scored three points on 3-for-6 shooting and had three rebounds in 17 minutes. NOTABLE:  With personal business to attend to out of town,  Andre Miller  arrived at the arena 40 minutes prior to game time. Portland's point guard started and contributed nine points, seven assists and six rebounds in 38 minutes -- on his 35th birthday. UP NEXT:  For the Blazers, Sunday @ L.A. Lakers, Tuesday vs. Washington, Friday vs. San Antonio; For the 76ers, Wednesday vs. Atlanta, Friday @ Miami, Sunday vs. Sacramento.  