
 Kings-Cavaliers notebook   By Sam Amico, For NBA.com Posted Saturday October 30, 2010 11:19PM THE FACTS:   Tyreke Evans  scored 14 of his 21 points in the second half, and the visiting Sacramento Kings overcame a 16-point deficit to defeat the Cleveland Cavaliers, 107-104, on Saturday. All five starters scored in double figures, as the Kings improved to 2-1, with all three games coming on the road.  Ramon Sessions  scored 21 points to lead the Cavs (1-2). QUOTABLE:  "That ends a nice road trip for us. We were behind double-digits in every game. To get two of those games, you can't complain."   --  Kings coach  Paul Westphal THE STAT:  The Kings shot 52 percent, including a combined 15-for-21 from starting forwards  Omri Casspi  (20 points) and  Carl Landry  (17). TURNING POINT:  Kings center  Samuel Dalembert  (4 points, 5 rebounds), acquired in an off-season trade with Philadelphia, will likely be known as anything more than a utility player. But Dalembert came off the bench to fill in for rookie sensation  DeMarcus Cousins  (14 points, 10 boards) in third quarter, and immediately clogged the middle, grab a few rebounds and block a couple of shots. That hustle went a long way in the Kings turning 67-53 halftime deficit into a 84-82 lead to start the fourth. QUOTABLE II:  "DeMarcus can learn a lot from Samuel, and has already. They've been a pretty good tag team at center."    -- Westphal HOT:  Kings point guard  Beno Udrih  scored 12 points, all in the first half, and passed for 11 assists. He is averaging 14.7 points per game through three games, up from 12.9 last season. NOT:  Cavs forward  Antawn Jamison  made just one of seven field-goal attempts for two points. The former All-Star is averaging 6.3 points per game and is 7-for-22 shooting on the season. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Cavs forward  J.J. Hickson  finished with 15 points and five rebounds. Hickson is likely to continue to get most of the minutes at power forward, especially if Jamison continues to struggle. NOTABLE:  Despite playing a poor second half, the Cavs still had a shot to tie at the buzzer -- or more accurately, a heave to tie. But  Daniel Gibson's  halfcourt bomb fell short. Gibson finished with 20 points off the bench. UP NEXT:  For the Kings, Monday vs. Raptors, Wednesday vs. Lakers, Saturday vs. Grizzlies. For the Cavs, Tuesday vs. Hawks, Friday @ 76ers, Saturday @ Wizards. 
