  Notebook: Sixers 112, Kings 85   By Andy Jasner, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday January 10, 2012 10:23PM THE FACTS:   Elton Brand  scored a season-high 21 points and grabbed 10 rebounds and point guard  Jrue Holiday  contributed 17 points as the 76ers continued their torrid play with a 112-85 victory over the Sacramento Kings Tuesday at the Wells Fargo Center. It was the sixth win in a row for the Sixers, who improved to 7-2 overall and 4-0 at home.  Evan Turner  added 16 points, 10 rebounds and eight assists while  Lou Williams  had 15 points for Philadelphia, which shot a season-best 57 percent from the field.  DeMarcus Cousins  led the struggling Kings (3-7) with 17 points and 10 rebounds while  Tyreke Evans  scored 15 points. This was Sacramento's first stop on a five-game road trip. QUOTABLE:  "We don't want to take our foot off the gas and start patting ourselves on the back."    -- Turner, on the Sixers' 7-2 start. THE STAT:  The Kings shot just 4-of-19 from beyond the arc. The starting unit missed all eight attempts. TURNING POINT:  The Sixers broke the game open with an 11-0 run in the first three-plus minutes of the third quarter, extending a 52-42 halftime lead to 63-42. Just like that, the lead swelled to 21. HOT:  Brand was efficient from start to finish with a 10-for-14 effort from the field. It was the most relaxed he has looked all season. NOT:  Kings guard John Salmons was 3-of-10 from the field, missed all six of his 3-pointers and never found his rhythm within the offense. QUOTABLE II:  "We're doing a good job adjusting at halftime and then coming out for the kill."   -- Sixers forward  Andre Iguodala . FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  In addition to his 17-point effort, Holiday added eight assists, six rebounds and four steals. INSIDE THE ARENA:  In continuing to link the past to the present, the Sixers welcomed back  Darryl Dawkins  before the game. Dawkins received a standing ovation from the crowd at the Wells Fargo Center. Also in attendance was former Philadelphia Eagles quarterback  Ron Jaworski , currently an NFL analyst on "Monday Night Football." ... For the second straight night, Sixers owner  Joshua Harris  and CEO  Adam Aron  were visible in the crowd. QUOTABLE III:  "To me, it doesn't really matter if it's me, Andre, Jrue. It could be any of us scoring. I'm happy we won the game."   -- Brand. GOOD MOVE:  With the game decided in the third quarter, Sixers coach  Doug Collins  made sure to spread minutes up and down his roster. It's especially necessary considering the Sixers must play at New York Wednesday in the finale of a back-to-back-to-back sequence. Collins realizes that his team must be rested and ready for Wednesday. BAD MOVE:  The Kings didn't attack the basket nearly enough. When their shots weren't dropping early in the second half, they could have tried to draw more fouls and get back into the game that way. They had too many empty possessions. ROOKIE WATCH:  Kings guard  Jimmer Fredette , the No. 10 overall pick in the NBA Draft, received his first career start when  Marcus Thornton  couldn't play with a left thigh contusion. Fredette scored seven points and added three assists. Guard  Isaiah Thomas  also played 25 minutes and had seven points and two assists. Sixers forward  Nikola Vucevic  continued to get extended minutes and contributed four points and five rebounds. Sixers second-round pick  Lavoy Allen  played the final 4:40 and scored the first five points of his NBA career. NOTABLE:  Sixers center  Spencer Hawes  played nearly 11 minutes in the first half but didn't return after halftime because of a recurring low back strain. ... The Kings have lost their first four road games of the season for the first time since 2008. ... During those four road losses, Sacramento hasn't been closer than 17 points. ... The Sixers have outshot the opposition in all nine games this season, which is the second-longest streak dating to the start of the 1985-86 season. The team accomplished the feat for 10 games from Jan. 19-Feb. 5, 1990. NEXT:  For the Kings, Wednesday @ Toronto, Friday @ Houston, Saturday @ Dallas. For the Sixers, Wednesday at New York, Friday vs. Washington, Saturday @ Washington.  