Notebook: Lakers 104, Timberwolves 91 
 
 
 Dan Arritt, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Dec 21, 2013 2:08 AM - Updated Sat Dec 21, 2013 2:08 AM 
 
 THE FACT:   Minnesota forward  Kevin Love  finished with 25 points and 13 rebounds but had no points and one rebound in 10 minutes of the fourth quarter. 
 
 THE LEAD:   The Lakers returned to action without  Kobe Bryant  for the second time this season and many expected to see a sudden downturn from a team that was already dealing with a laundry list of injuries. But that message seemed to get lost on its way to L.A., as three Lakers scored at least 20 points to lead the way in an impressive 104-91 victory against the Timberwolves at Staples Center. 
 
 QUOTABLE:    "They understand the moment and they understand this is their opportunity, and when you have good guys that have good teammates and they pull for each other, anything is possible." 
 -- Lakers coach  Mike D'Antoni 
 
 
 THE STAT:   With three points guards out with injuries and Bryant sidelined for at least six weeks with a fractured left kneecap,  Xavier Henry  played out of his natural position at point guard and finished with 21 points, a career-high four assists and three turnovers (none in the second half). 
 
 TURNING POINT:   After nine lead changes in the third quarter, Henry scored four consecutive points to give the Lakers the lead for good, 87-83. The Timberwolves drew within a point one last time with 5:09 remaining but that would be their final field goal.  Pau Gasol  dunked a loose ball on the other end and then picked up another loose ball after  Nick Young  was stripped and calmly drained a 3-pointer for 95-89 lead with 3:58 remaining. L.A. then closed with a 9-0 run to finish with their biggest lead of the game. 
 
 HOT:   Gasol finished 10-for-15 from the floor with 21 points, 13 rebounds and eight assists, the second time this season he posted at least 20 points and 12 rebounds. His only glitch was the seven turnovers, including five in the second half. Young was 9-for-14 off the bench with a team-high 25 points and kept the crowd enthused with his unpredictable play, which included five turnovers but none in the second half. Love was solid for three quarters but it was  Nikola Pekovic  who carried Minnesota down the stretch, scoring 15 of his 22 points after halftime and grabbing eight of his 13 rebounds in that span. 
 
 NOT:   The month of December continues to be unkind for Minnesota shooting guard  Corey Brewer . He missed all eight of his field-goal attempts and finished with five points and three turnovers in 28 minutes. In the last three games, he's a combined 3-for-22 from the floor.  Kevin Martin  shot 6-for-16 for the Timberwolves, which could explain why the team's second-leading scorer was subbed out for  J.J. Barea  with 3:35 remaining and Minnesota trailing by four. The Lakers committed 17 turnovers through the first three quarters before giving the ball away just twice in the fourth.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:   "We knew they were going to play really hard. It's only our fault. They played hard and gave it everything and we didn't step up.  
 -- Nikola Pekovic 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Lakers backup post player  Chris Kaman  played just once in the last 13 games as a result of back problems and coach Mike D'Antoni's endless search for different combinations. But he was summoned into the game at the 5:29 mark of the first quarter and quickly made his presence known, stuffing Brewer at the rim as he went up for a tomahawk dunk, which led to a lob dunk on the other end by  Wes Johnson  and a 30-19 lead. Kaman ended up playing 17 minutes, three more than starting forward  Jordan Hill , and produced six points, three rebounds and two blocks.   
 
 BAD MOVE:   Young's night had a little bit of everything, including a hold-your-breath moment in the final seconds of the game. He took a 3-pointer just as the shot clock was about to expire and with about 11 seconds left in the game, but drifted back into the courtside seating area, where he slipped on some leftover beverages from the departed spectators. Young stayed down for about a minute before limping to the sideline. Still, he couldn't contain his wide smile as he reached the bench, which allowed the remaining crowd to let out a sigh of relief. 
 
 NOTABLE:   Lakers starting guard  Jodie Meeks  added 17 points, three short of giving the Lakers four 20-point scores in the same game for the first time since 1998. ... The Timberwolves fell to 0-6 when scoring less than 100 points this season. ... The Lakers have now won 23 of their last 24 games against the Timberwolves. ... The Lakers used their 11th different starting lineup this season. ... L.A. was 9-for-9 on fast-break opportunities, scoring 19 points.  
 
 UP NEXT:   For the Lakers, Saturday @ Golden State, Monday @ Phoenix, Wednesday vs. Miami. For the Timberwolves, Sunday @ L.A. Clippers, Friday vs. Washington, Saturday @ Milwaukee.  
