  Bulls-Cavs notebook   By Sam Amico, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday December 8, 2010 10:36PM THE FACTS:  He has two full seasons of experience and two playoff appearances, and for Chicago's  Derrick Rose , it's really starting to show. Rose scored 29 points and hit the game's most meaningful baskets, lifting the Bulls to an ugly 88-83 road win over Cleveland on Wednesday. Rose's big shots included a drive in traffic and a three-point play, each in the final minute, helping the Bulls (12-8) to break away from an 80-all tie. The Cavaliers (7-15), losers of six straight, were led by  Antawn Jamison 's 21 points. QUOTABLE:  "We'll take any win we can get. We didn't play our best and they played very well."    -- Bulls coach  Tom Thibodeau THE STAT:  20,562. That was the announced attendance at Quicken Loans Arena, although it was strictly referring to the number of tickets sold. As for actual fans in the seats, it was probably more like half of that. Still, the crowd was fairly impressive, especially when you consider the blizzard that rocked downtown Cleveland and kept traffic at a standstill not long before tipoff. And those in attendance were treated to the Cavs' best game in about two weeks. TURNING POINT:  The Cavs took an 83-82 lead on a free throw from  Anderson Varejao  at the 26-second mark, and seven seconds later, Rose made the play of the evening. It was a drive from the right baseline in which he was fouled by  Mo Williams . Rose made both the basket and the ensuing free throw, giving the Bulls an 85-83 lead and making it clear he would not be denied when it meant the most. QUOTABLE II:  "Losing sucks. ... But if we play hard like that every night, I can live with that."    -- Cavs coach  Byron Scott HOT:  For the Bulls,  Joakim Noah  scored 13 points and grabbed a game-high 14 rebounds,  Luol Deng  scored 13 points, and  Kyle Korver  added 12 off the bench on 5-for-10 shooting. For the Cavs, Varejao made all seven of his shots for 17 points. He also grabbed 12 boards. NOT:  The Cavs' starting backcourt of  Daniel Gibson  (14 points) and Williams (13) gave gutsy performances, but combined to make just 9 of 34 shots. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Bulls swingman  Ronnie Brewer  came off the bench to shoot 4-for-5 for nine points and grab eight rebounds. He may not yet be worth adding to your roster at the moment, but you might want to keep an eye on him for down the road. Especially if he continues to play 29 minutes (as he did Wednesday). FANTASY SPOTLIGHT II:  On the other hand, Cavs guard  Ramon Sessions  did not get in the game despite averaging 11 points in the previous five. But all were losses, and it's likely that Sessions' minutes will get cut considerably. ROOKIE WATCH:  Undrafted Cavs guard  Manny Harris  (Michigan) got his first real playing time of the season, and responded with six points in 21 minutes. It was good enough for his coach to say that Harris will continue to see regular action off the bench. NOTABLE:  Scott implemented a new starting lineup for the Cavs, going with a smaller lineup of Williams and Gibson at guard and moving  Anthony Parker  to small forward. Also, Jamison started in place of  J.J. Hickson . Scott said he will continue to use the lineup "for a while." ... Meanwhile, Thibodeau didn't play  Carlos Boozer  in the fourth quarter, choosing rather to stick with a smaller lineup himself. "I liked Luol [Deng] at power forward [in the fourth] because he gave us another perimeter threat." UP NEXT:  For Bulls, Friday vs. L.A. Lakers, Saturday vs. Minnesota, Monday vs. Indiana. For Cavs, Saturday @ Houston, Sunday @ Oklahoma City, Wednesday @ Miami.  