Notebook: Grizzlies 94, Bobcats 87 
 
 
 Derek S. Smith, For NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Nov 17, 2012 11:59 PM - Updated Sat Nov 17, 2012 11:59 PM 
 
 THE FACTS :  Mike Conley  scored a game-high 20 points and  Zach Randolph  added 18 points and 12 rebounds as the Memphis Grizzlies picked up a 94-87 win over the Charlotte Bobcats Saturday night at Time Warner Cable Arena.  Byron Mullens  paced the Bobcats with team bests of 18 points and nine rebounds.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I think these last two games have really distinguished what kind of personality this team has right now -- how we treat this game and how we respect the game. Guys got their rest and were prepared to go for tonight's game. That can be tough on a lot of teams out there and I think we handled it well. We're really playing together as a team." 
 --Memphis guard Mike Conley 
 
 THE STAT:  The Charlotte Bobcats committed 18 turnovers Saturday night which Memphis was able to convert into 25 points. The Grizzlies have forced at least 10 turnovers in 113 consecutive games, the longest active streak in the NBA  -- more than twice the games of the second-longest active streak (Miami, 52). Charlotte came in averaging 13 turnovers per game and causing its opponent to average more than 16 per night.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  Conley hit a 3 with 3:29 to play in the game to squelch one of the Bobcats late runs. Charlotte had been cutting into the lead midway through the fourth when Conley hit a 32-footer as the shot clock expired. The Bobcats had almost forced a steal, but  Marc Gasol  picked up the deflected pass in the back court and got it to Conley who calmly sank the shot and the Bobcats hopes.  
 
 QUOTABLE II : "That's the thing about this team, everybody is sacrificing. I think everybody could do more, but we're doing what we need to do. And in turn, we're passing, we're rebounding, we're helping each other out and using our energy in other ways and that's why we've been so successful early on." 
 --Memphis forward  Rudy Gay 
 
 
 HOT:  Randolph has recorded a double-double in all nine games this season. He is averaging 17.2 points and 13.9 rebounds. He currently leads the NBA in both total rebounding and offensive rebounding. Randolph is shooting 48 percent on the season from the floor and 81 percent from the charity stripe. 
 
 NOT:  Tyrus Thomas  came off the bench for Charlotte and was 0-for-6 from the floor with two fouls and left the game in the third quarter with a strained left calf. His status for Monday's game is unknown at this time. 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  Robert Johnson, the original owner of the Charlotte Bobcats, was in attendance at Saturday's game. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH: Michael Kidd-Gilchrist  scored 12 points and grabbed eight rebounds, posting his fifth double-figure scoring game this season. Over the last five games, he is averaging 13.2 points and 7.2 rebounds. 
 
 NOTABLE:   Hakim Warrick  made his Bobcats debut Saturday with a five-point, four-rebound performance in 10 minutes of action. ...  Kemba Walker  scored 17 points and dished out a season-best eight assists. Walker has scored in double figures in each of the team's eight games. ...  Ramon Sessions  netted 12 points for Charlotte and has also scored in double figures in each of the eight games this season. ...  Ben Gordon  came off the bench to score 10 points after being sidelined due to a family emergency the previous two games. ... All five Memphis starters finished the game in double figures while their bench contributed just 16 points in the victory. ... Conley's 20-point performance was his second game of 20 or more this season. ... Tony Allen  had a season-high 12 points. ...  Jerryd Bayless  recorded a career high with three blocked shots. ... The eight straight wins by Memphis, which holds the NBA's best record at 8-1, tied a franchise record for consecutive victories with the 2003-04 squad which went on to win a franchise record 50 games.  
 
 UP NEXT : For the Grizzlies: Monday vs. Denver, Friday vs. Lakers, Monday vs. Cleveland. For the Bobcats: Monday vs. Milwaukee, Wednesday vs. Toronto, Friday vs. Atlanta.  
