  Magic-Warriors notebook   By Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com Posted Monday January 3, 2011 11:03PM THE FACTS: Hedo Turkoglu  had a triple double (10 points, 14 rebounds, 10 assists) and a career-high five steals and the Orlando Magic came back from a nine-point halftime deficit to crush the Golden State Warriors, 110-90. Dwight Howard  led eight Magic players in double figures and added 17 rebounds to their sixth straight victory. Monta Ellis ' 20 points led the Warriors, who played without injured big mean  David Lee  (bruised lower back) and  Andris Biedrins  (sprained left ankle). QUOTABLE:  "My concern is being used in ways that help the team. I want to give my best to the team, and right now on defense and rebounding and in the offense, I kind of feel like I'm giving my best for thge team. I'm in that situation and it makes me happy. They're using me at my strengths; I'm doing the things that I'm good at."   -- Turkoglu, on being back in Orlando after stints in Toronto and Phoenix. THE STAT:  After being held to 25 points in the second half of a 114-107 loss at Miami on Saturday, the Warriors scored only 37 in the second half against the Magic. QUOTABLE II:  "Can we compete against Miami and Orlando and Boston and so forth? Probably not, but we can still give a great showing and compete and I think we do that, but only for a half right now."   -- Golden State coach Keith Smart. TURNING POINT:  Golden State led by nine points at halftime.  Jason Richardson  opened the second half with a 3-pointer and a short jumper, igniting a 9-0 run in a quarter in which the Magic outscored the Warriors, 35-18. HOT:   Ryan Anderson ,  J.J. Redick  and  Gilbert Arenas  came off the Magic bench for 37 points, shooting 13-for-26 with seven 3-pointers. NOT:  The Warriors lead the NBA in 3-point shooting (.401), but made only 5-of-15 after the first quarter Monday night. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Although he cooled off in the second half, the Warriors'  Dorell Wright  has been one of the hottest players in the NBA with a 24.8 scoring average on 56 percent shooting in the last five games. Prior to those games, Wright had a career scoring average of 7.0 and an average of 14.7 this season. ROOKIE WATCH: Ekpe Udoh  had six points and four rebounds in 20 minutes for the Warriors. NOTABLE:  It was the third triple-double of Turkoglu's career. He had two in early 2008 with the Magic . . .  Dan Gadzuric , playing for the first time after missing seven games with a groin strain, fouled out in 9:26 . . . Lee will probably play Wednesday night at New Orleans . . .  Acie  Law barely made it back for the game after visiting a specialist about his sprained right wrist. He played 12 minutes for the Warriors. QUOTABLE III:  "Turk needs the ball in his hands to be successful and he'd doing a great job of it. It was kind of tough because Steve (Nash) also needed the ball out there in Phoenix and he's so great with the ball. So i it was kind of a battle between those two and I don't think we could figure out a way to play both of them together."   -- Richardson, who came to the Magic with Turkoglu in the trade with Phoenix on Dec. 18. UP NEXT:  For the Warriors, Wednesday @ New Orleans, Friday vs. Cleveland, Sunday @ L.A. Clippers. For the Magic, Wednesday vs. Milwaukee, Friday vs. Houston, Saturday @ Dallas.  