
 Raptors-Kings notebook   By Nick Lozito, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday November 2, 2010 1:34AM THE FACTS:  The Sacramento Kings took their first lead on an  Omri Casspi  3-pointer midway through the fourth quarter, and never trailed after that en route to a 111-108 victory over the visiting Toronto Raptors. QUOTABLE:  "We had a talk before the game. I said stop trying to get assists, just play. If he pre-thinks a play, sometimes he loses his aggressiveness. When he's aggressive, that's when he's the best passer, too." -- Kings coach  Paul Westphal , on point guard  Tyreke Evans  (23 points, seven rebounds, five assists) THE STAT:  With 2:42 remaining in the first quarter, ARCO Arena erupted when PA announcer  Scott Moak  announced the San Francisco Giants as the 2010 World Series champions. Toronto proceeded to go on a 10-2 run to close the quarter with a commanding 33-16 lead. TURNING POINT:  With the Kings ahead 100-98 and less than four minutes remaining, Sacramento's Evans lost the handle on the ball and hit the floor to avoid the turnover. Evans recovered the ball and, from his knees, found a cutting Casspi, who then dished to  DeMarcus Cousins  under the basket for a layup and four-point lead. IN THE ARENA:  Former NFL Pro Bowl quarterback  Daunte Culpepper , who currently plays for the Sacramento Mountain Lions of the United Football League, was sitting courtside. ROOKIE WATCH:  Sacramento rookie center DeMarcus Cousins, drafted No. 5 overall, committed two fouls and allowed two easy dunks in the opening three minutes. He sat out the next 17. Cousins later found his offensive game, scoring 10 points in the fourth quarter and 16 total. ... Raptors rookie forward  Ed Davis , drafted No. 13 overall, is out six weeks with a right knee meniscus injury. HOT:  Casspi hit two 3-pointers in the final six minutes and finished with 14 points. NOT:  Kings swingman  Donte Greene , who has been benched in favor of Casspi, didn't enter Monday's game and has played two seconds of basketball in the last two games. NOTABLE:  Raptors forward  Reggie Evans  had 19 rebounds (10 offensive) in 34 minutes. UP NEXT:  For the Kings, Wednesday vs. Lakers, Saturday vs. Memphis, Wednesday vs. Minnesota. For the Raptors, Wednesday @ Utah, Friday @ Lakers, Saturday @ Portland. 
