  Grizzlies-Clippers notebook   By Dan Arritt, for NBA.com Posted Saturday December 11, 2010 6:55PM THE FACTS:   Baron Davis  missed a fallaway jumper from the baseline in the final seconds Saturday afternoon, allowing the Memphis Grizzlies to escape with an 84-83 victory against the Los Angeles Clippers at Staples Center. QUOTABLE:  "That's one of Baron's favorite shots, but that wasn't the shot we were looking for."   -- Clippers coach  Vinny Del Negro . THE STAT:  The Clippers committed a season-high 27 turnovers, including 19 in the second half, leading to 30 points by the Grizzlies. TURNING POINT:  The Clippers went ahead by seven points with 2:22 remaining in the third quarter, but Clippers leading scorer  Eric Gordon  went to the bench with his fourth foul shortly afterward. The Grizzlies outscored the Clippers 8-2 while Gordon was on the bench and got themselves back in the game. QUOTE II:  "We need to buckle down and make sure we take care of the ball better."   -- Clippers rookie forward  Blake Griffin . HOT:  Memphis reserve guard  Tony Allen  scored all eight of his points and had four steals in the fourth quarter, a big reason why the Grizzlies outscored Los Angeles 21-17 in the final 12 minutes. NOT:  Clippers rookie point guard  Eric Bledsoe  was 0-for-5 from the field with no points and committed a team-high five turnovers.  Rudy Gay  struggled for Memphis, scoring 12 points-nine below his average -- and matched his season high with six turnovers. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Gordon scored at least 20 points for the 11th consecutive game, finishing with 25 points on 7-for-15 shooting. GOOD MOVE:  Memphis coach  Lionel Hollins  recognized the impact Allen was having on the game and kept him on the floor for the entire fourth quarter. BAD MOVE:  The Clippers were on a fast break with under six seconds remaining and appeared to have numbers, but Del Negro elected to call a timeout and draw up a play they never ran. ROOKIE WATCH:  Griffin extended his streak of double-doubles to 11 games. He finished with 19 points, 11 rebounds and five assists. NOTABLE:  The Clippers continue to lose the close ones. In their last game Wednesday, they fell to the Lakers on a last-second shot by  Derek Fisher , and are now 0-4 in games decided by three points or less. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Sunday vs. Orlando, Wednesday at Philadelphia, Friday at Detroit. For the Grizzlies, Monday vs. Portland, Wednesday vs. Charlotte, Friday at Houston.  