Notebook: Heat 107, Bulls 95 
 
 
 Zachary Paul, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Oct 29, 2013 11:54 PM - Updated Tue Oct 29, 2013 11:54 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Heat improved to 2-1 on ring-ceremony night, with the only loss coming at the start of the 2006-07 season to the Chicago Bulls.  
 
 THE LEAD:  The Miami Heat showed it was more than just  LeBron James ,  Chris Bosh  and  Dwyane Wade  in the season-opening 107-95 victory against the Chicago Bulls Tuesday at AmericanAirlines Arena.  
 With the three All-Stars playing below their usual standard, the Heat were able to run past the Bulls behind the supporting cast. James led Miami with 17 points, six rebounds and eight assists but the Heat had seven players score in double figures.  
 Bosh finished with 16 points while  Mario Chalmers  added 13 points and four assists.  Shane Battier ,  Norris Cole  and  Ray Allen  each scored 11 points. Behind the balanced effort, the Heat were able to build a 25-point lead in the third quarter before holding off a late charge from the Bulls.  
 Chicago pulled to within eight late, but guard  Jimmy Butler  missed a short jumper that would have put the pressure on Miami. Battier hit a 3-pointer with 1:32 left to seal it for the Heat.  
 The game marked the return of Bulls guard  Derrick Rose , who missed last season because of a knee injury. He had 12 points on 4-for-15 shooting, including 1-for-7 from 3-point range.  
 Forward  Carlos Boozer  led Chicago with 31 points and seven rebounds.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "The special moment was for everyone in the organization because we know how difficult that was and how harrowing that was last season. It was good to get the win after that to cap off a very good night for the Miami Heat.  
 - -  Heat coach  Erik Spoelstra  on capturing the victory after the ring ceremony    
 
 
 THE STAT:   The Heat received 42 points from the bench.   
 
 TURNING POINT:  After trailing 15-10, the Heat went on a 31-5 run over the course of the first and second quarter to take a 21-point, halftime lead.        
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "In order to win, it has to be a complete effort. Everybody knows that on our team. We have to lift each other up. We did that tonight. We lifted each other up. We played a complete team game."  
 -- Norris Cole 
 
 
 HOT:  Boozer got off to a strong start. He was the lone bright spot for the Bulls' starters, scoring on a variety of plays at the time. It was encouraging because of his past struggles, but Chicago will need more from the rest of the starting lineup on a daily basis to remain competitive.           
 
 NOT:  Better nights will come for Rose. After the long layoff, he had his moments where he resembled the 2011 most valuable. Unfortunately, there were more times he looked like a player who has been inactive for a year. In time, Rose will shake off the rust.  
 
 GOOD MOVE:  The Heat are at their best when the supporting cast if contributing. That was the case Tuesday, with the three core players having average nights. It was Battier setting the tone early and Chalmers coming up big in the second and third quarters.  
 
 BAD MOVE:  As expected, the Bulls looked out of rhythm because it will take time to get fully adjusted again to playing with Rose. They struggled with everything from ball movement to outside shooting. This team will always play solid defense, but it will take a while before the offense catches up.   
 
  UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Wednesday at Philadelphia, Friday at Brooklyn, Sunday vs. Washington. For the Bulls, Thursday vs. New York, Saturday at Philadelphia, Wednesday at Indiana.  
