
 Mavericks-Grizzlies notebook   By Marlon W. Morgan, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday November 10, 2010 11:20PM THE FACTS:  Although  Dirk Nowitzki  was slowed after spraining his right ankle in the first half, the Dallas Mavericks were still able to put away the Memphis Grizzlies, 106-91, thanks to 25 points off the bench from  Jason Terry , and a season-high 20 from  Shawn Marion . Marion was making his first start of the season, replacing Caron  Butler , who remained in Dallas with back spasms. QUOTABLE:  "My teammates got me involved and we were out there feeding off of each other and just doing what we've got to do to get a win. We have a very talented team. Everybody is capable of going out there and having a big night.''  --  Dallas forward  Shawn Marion  after scoring 20 points, eclipsing his previous season-high of 12 THE STAT:  Most of the Grizzlies success this season had been predicated on an improved defense, one that was leading the league in steals (12.5) and forced turnovers (22). But against the Mavericks, Memphis had just four steals and forced only 10 turnovers. In fact, Dallas, which has been turnover-prone this season, had none in the third quarter as they outscored the Grizzlies 31-19. TURNING POINT:  The Grizzlies managed to trim a 13-point deficit to just five at halftime. But the Mavericks began the second half with an 18-5 run to go up, 73-55. QUOTABLE II:  "I was trying to stop the leak. They were making layup after layup. I tried to change up the energy and see if some other guys could bring it. Some guys brought some things, but we didn't have enough consistency. We only had 12 turnovers, but it was at a time in which we didn't need to have any. It just got out of sync and the guys just couldn't focus and get their poise back together.''  --  Grizzlies coach  Lionel Hollins  on his constant third quarter lineup changes HOT:  Terry came off the bench and did what he does best, drain jumpers. Terry connected on 11 of his 18 shot attempts to score a game-high 25 points. NOT:  Grizzlies guard  O.J. Mayo  struggled all night with his shot, making only a second quarter jumper while missing his other seven shots, most of which weren't close to going in. NOTABLE:  In avenging their one-point loss to the Grizzlies in Dallas Oct. 29, Dallas remains unbeaten on the road this season (3-0), joining the Los Angeles Lakers, New Orleans and San Antonio. ... Nowitzki left the game with 3:31 left in the first half when he sprained his right ankle. He did return to start the second half, but scored just four of his 12 points. Still, his presence helped open the floor for his teammates. UP NEXT:  For the Mavericks: Friday vs. Philadelphia, Monday vs. New Orleans, Nov. 17 at New Orleans. For the Grizzlies, Saturday vs. Boston, Monday at Orlando, Tuesday vs. Portland. 
