Notebook: Grizzlies 76, Nets 72 
 
 
 Jake Appleman, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Feb 24, 2013 10:54 PM - Updated Sun Feb 24, 2013 10:54 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:  The Nets didn't get the calls or make the right plays down the stretch, losing a defensive slugfest to the Memphis Grizzlies 76-72 at Barclays Center. The Grizzlies' interior tandem of  Marc Gasol  and  Zach Randolph  combined for 30 points and 21 rebounds and all five starters finished in double figures, while  Deron Williams  (24 points, four assists) was electric at times in defeat. The Grizzlies have now won seven straight games and eight of ten since acquiring  Ed Davis, Tayshaun Prince  and  Austin Daye  in a three-team trade that sent  Rudy Gay  to the Toronto Raptors.                                                   
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I thought we made big plays.  Mike (Conley)  hit a big shot and Tayshaun (Prince) hit two big shots."  --  Grizzlies coach  Lionel Hollins. 
 
 
 THE STAT:  With a game between two of the NBA's three slowest-paced teams dictating tempo, the Nets hurt themselves when play was stopped, shooting only 5-13 (38.5 percent) from the free throw line.   
 
 TURNING POINT:  With the score tied 72-72, Williams drove the ball to the basket and absorbed contact from both Randolph and  Tony Allen , but no foul was called. Allen sank two free throws on the ensuing possession to give the Grizzlies the lead for good 
 
 QUOTEABLE II:  "Once [Williams] cocked the ball back, I was able to get my hand on the ball. Then I was able to finish at the free throw line."  --  Allen, on the aforementioned sequence .   
 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  To celebrate the Oscars, Nets players talked about their favorite movies on the jumbotron.  
 
 ROOKIE WATCH: Mirza Teletovic  played important minutes down the stretch and helped the Nets stretch the floor and  Tyshawn Taylor  saw brief action in the second quarter. ... The Grizzlies'  Tony Wroten  played just under three minutes.  
 
 NOTABLE: C.J. Watson  started again in place of an injured  Joe Johnson  and scored in double figures for the fifth straight time.  
 
 UP NEXT:   For the Grizzlies, Wednesday vs. Dallas, Friday @ Miami, Sunday @ Orlando. For the Nets, Tuesday @ New Orleans, Friday vs. Dallas, Saturday @ Chicago.    
