Notebook: Clippers 129, Mavericks 127 
 
 
 Dan Arritt, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Thu Jan 16, 2014 2:19 AM - Updated Thu Jan 16, 2014 2:21 AM 
 
 THE FACT:   The Clippers rallied from 17 points down with just under five minutes remaining to stun the Mavericks.  
 
 THE LEAD:   The Mavericks figured there was no way they'd blow this lead. After two big runs put them up by 17 points with 4:48 left in the fourth quarter, there was plenty of high-fiving on the bench, which included owner  Mark Cuban . But this season's version of the Clippers apparently can't be counted out, especially against the Mavericks, as they mounted one of the great comebacks in franchise history to record a stunning 129-127 victory at Staples Center, their final game before heading out on a season-long seven-game road trip.  
 
 QUOTABLE:    "It was one of those games where you just threw the kitchen sink and tried everything. We were making shots, they were making shots and we ended up making enough to win." 
 -- Clippers coach  Doc Rivers 
 
 
 THE STAT:   Clippers shooting guard  J.J. Redick , in his second game back after missing six weeks with a right hand injury, scored a career-high 33 points while shooting 7-for-9 from 3-point range. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Mavericks bridged a 15-0 run from the third to the fourth quarters to erase a nine-point deficit and then strung together 12 unanswered points to move ahead 123-106. The Clippers started their comeback with two free throws from  Blake Griffin , followed by a 3-pointer from  Jamal Crawford . The Mavericks then called timeout and Dallas veteran  Vince Carter  got tangled with Griffin as the teams headed to their benches, earning Carter a technical foul but not Griffin, who already had one from earlier in the game. Less than a minute later, Dallas center  Samuel Dalembert  got tangled with Griffin while battling for a defensive rebound on  Darren Collison 's 3-pointer, but only Dalembert was called for a technical. Crawford then scored on a drive, resulting in a six-point possession that cut the deficit to 125-118 with 3:11 left. L.A. continued to chip away until Redick made his seventh 3-pointer to pull the Clippers within a point with 34 seconds left.  Dirk Nowitzki , who was 0-for-6 from the field in the fourth quarter, missed a fade-away jumper with 21 seconds left. Crawford then drew a foul on  Shawn Marion  as he rose up for a jumper in the lane and made both free throws with 11 seconds left to put L.A. on top.  Jose Calderon  missed a 3-pointer with three seconds left,  DeAndre Jordan  grabbed the rebound and the 40.6-percent free throw shooter this season made one of two to stretch the lead to two with three seconds left. Dallas still had one last shot, but Jordan intercepted the long in-bounds pass and the comeback was complete.  
 
 HOT:   Redick was in a class by himself on this night, but the Clippers certainly had some worthy co-stars.  Matt Barnes  scored a season-high 25 points off the bench, shooting 4-for-6 from 3-point range, none bigger than the baseline shot that cut the lead to six with 1:40 remaining. Griffin toyed with a triple-double before finishing with 23 points, seven rebounds and eight assists. As a team, L.A. shot 17-for-34 from long range to help make up for the 17 offensive rebounds and 23 second-chance points they surrendered. Dalembert scored a season-high 20 points for Dallas on 9-for-13 shooting and reserve big men  Brandan Wright  and  DeJuan Blair  kept it going when Dalembert was out of the game, combining to shoot 10-for-12 from the field. 
 
 NOT:   Nowitzki's shot disappeared in the fourth quarter, but the four points  Monta Ellis  left at the free throw line is just as shocking. Ellis, an 82.6 shooter from the stripe this season, went 0-for-4 from the line. Crawford came up big at the end, which is important because he has been in month-long shooting slump. He still finished 4-for-13 from the field after shooting 3-for-13 in the previous game against the Lakers. The Clippers are close to signing free agent  Hedo Turkoglu  and he may eat away at Crawford's minutes if he doesn't find his stroke. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:   Dallas was focused on stopping Griffin early and the Mavericks must have been doing a good job because Griffin didn't attempt a field goal until just over three minutes remained in the first quarter. Redick and Collison took advantage of the Dallas' sagging defense and scored 17 of the first 19 points for the Clippers on 6-for-7 shooting 
 
 BAD MOVE:   The two technical fouls by the Mavericks in the final four minutes were game changers. Griffin got under the Mavericks skin early by drawing two fouls on Dalembert in the first six minutes of the game and another on Blair as soon as he checked in. The Mavericks ultimately lost their cool and the game. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:   "What's the old saying, "He who angers you owns you.' There's some truth in that. Tonight, Blake kept his cool and angered others and that's good."   
 -- Doc Rivers 
 
 
 NOTABLE:    The Clippers scored 70 points in the first half, the second straight game they've hit that mark in a half and third time this season overall. 
 
 UP NEXT:   For the Clippers, Friday @ New York, Saturday @ Indiana, Monday @ Detroit. For the Mavericks, Friday @ Phoenix, Saturday vs. Portland, Monday @ Cleveland.  
