  Notebook: Knicks 111, Bobcats 78   By Derek S. Smith, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday January 24, 2012 11:06PM THE FACTS:  The New York Knicks snapped their six-game losing streak and cruised to a 111-78 romp over the Charlotte Bobcats on Tuesday night at Time Warner Cable Arena. All 13 Knicks in uniform scored, led by  Tyson Chandler 's 20 points and 17 rebounds while Charlotte's  Kemba Walker  led all scorers with 22 points. QUOTABLE:  "We played smart and let the game come to us tonight. We really flowed out there and played together as a team and did what we had to in order to get the win. It just took us some time to play through it. It was fun being out there tonight."   -- Knicks forward  Amar'e Stoudemire THE STAT:  Rebounds. The Knicks won thanks in part to their dominance on the glass. New York outrebounded Charlotte 53-33 for the game and its starting frontcourt of  Carmelo Anthony , Stoudemire and Chandler grabbed more than the entire Bobcats squad. The Knicks scored 21 points in second-chance opportunities and allowed the Bobcats just seven such points. TURNING POINT:  Turn off the music. The Bobcats have been struggling with injuries, but suffered their biggest setback of the season with the announcement that  D.J. Augustin  would be sidelined. The Charlotte point guard is the team's primary ball handler and left the team with two rookies to fill in for him. Augustin will be sidelined for at least five days and is expected to miss a total of four games for the Bobcats. The Knicks were able to force 15 turnovers and score 22 points off them in the win. HOT:  Chandler. The Knicks center and former Charlotte Bobcat had a banner night. Chandler led the Knicks with 20 points on 9-for-10 shooting which included six dunks while grabbing 17 rebounds, including eight on the offensive end. He also added two assists and a blocked shot for the Knicks. Chandler is averaging 12.0 points and 14.0 rebounds in his last four games for New York. NOT:  Anthony was the only Knicks player to not score a field goal in the win over Charlotte. The perennial All-Star had just one point on 0-for-7 shooting and played just 29 minutes. It was his lowest scoring game in his NBA career and the first time since Nov. 28, 2005 in which he didn't score a field goal. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT: Landry Fields  got it done all over the court for the Knicks. Fields scored 18 points on 6-for-12 shooting while adding four rebounds, five assists, two steals and two blocked shots. He also led the defense, which held the Bobcats to 32.9 percent shooting. INSIDE THE ARENA: Michael Jordan  sat courtside with his former agent  David Falk  adjacent to the Bobcats bench. Carolina Panthers linebacker  Jon Beason  and defensive lineman  Everette Brown  were in attendance along with former Panther  Julius Peppers . NASCAR driver  Denny Hamlin  was also in attendance along with  Christian Bodin,  a Bobcats super fan who traveled all the way from Norway for the game against the Knicks. ROOKIE WATCH:  Walker led all scorers with 22 points while grabbing five rebounds and adding a pair of steals and two blocked shots. Walker got his first start at point guard and sixth overall. He is averaging 15.7 points in the starting lineup and has scored in double figures in six of the last seven. NOTABLE:  Charlotte shot a season-high 95.5 percent from the free throw line (21-for-22) ...  Gerald Henderson  recorded his sixth straight game with double-figure scoring. It was his 14th game in double figures this season ... Bobcats forward  Derrick Brown  scored a season-high 15 points ... Chandler recorded his sixth double-double of the season ... Anthony recorded his fourth game with 10-plus rebounds ... Knicks forward  Jared Jeffries  scored a season-high 11 points ...  Josh Harrellson  had successful surgery to repair his fractured right wrist and is expected to miss six weeks. UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Wednesday @ Cleveland, Friday @ Miami, Saturday @ Houston. For the Bobcats, Wednesday @ Washington, Friday @ Philadelphia, Saturday vs. Washington.  