  Notebook: Spurs 102, Bobcats 72 Posted Friday March 2, 2012 11:52PM By Tim Price, for NBA.com THE FACTS:   Tony Parker  played less than 30 minutes for the first time in more than a month, but he scored 15 points on 7-for-11 shooting to help the Spurs get back to the win column with a 102-72 victory over the Charlotte Bobcats on Friday at AT&T Center. San Antonio (25-11) lost at home in the first game back after the All-Star break on Wednesday against Chicago, but they led the Bobcats by 10 at halftime and cruised to their largest margin of victory this season.  Tim Duncan  (14 points),  Richard Jefferson  (14),  Matt Bonner  (14) and  Kawhi Leonard  (10) each scored in double figures. The Spurs shot 50 percent (10-for-20) from the 3-point line. Charlotte (4-30) dropped its fourth in a row while shooting 37 percent.  Corey Maggette  and  Boris Diaw  each scored 14 points. QUOTABLE:  "I've been trying to catch and shoot more the past few games. The last few games I've been trying to be a little more consistent with the catch and shoot."    -- Spurs forward Richard Jefferson THE STAT:  San Antonio outscored the Bobcats 30-9 from the 3-point line. TURNING POINT:  Charlotte had a 16-12 lead through the opening seven minutes of the game. The Bobcats missed seven of their next eight shots while the Spurs hit 7-for-8, and San Antonio outscored the Bobcats 17-4 to end the opening quarter. Charlotte managed to cut the lead to four in the second quarter, but the half ended with the Spurs up 51-41 and the lead stayed at nine or more the rest of the night. QUOTABLE II:  "It always seem that they always make a lot of shots against us. I haven't seen them make as many threes against other teams as they make against us."    -- Charlotte coach  Paul Silas HOT:  Jefferson hit 4-for-5 3-pointers through the first three quarters. He's 12-for-17 (70.6 percent) on his threes the last four games. NOT:   D.J. Augustin  missed his first eight shots and finished 1-for-9. You have to count back eight games (Jan. 17 at Orlando) to find the last time Augustin shot 50 percent. He's 19-for-64 (29.7 percent) from the floor since then. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Parker has not failed to score in double figures since January. Duncan (eight rebounds with his 14 points) and Jefferson (14 points, seven rebounds) were the closest to hit a double-double. GOOD MOVE:  Spurs coach  Gregg Popovich  contemplated playing  Manu Ginobili  all day. He decided against it, the Spurs took care of business against outmanned Charlotte and Ginobili got an extra night of rest before his expected return to action Sunday at home against Denver. BAD MOVE:  The Bobcats continually fail to address their rebounding woes. They give up more rebounds than any team in the league, they allowed Detroit to grab a season-high total of rebounds on Wednesday (the Pistons outrebounded Charlotte 55-37) and the smallish San Antonio lineup (the Spurs rank 20th in total rebounding percentage) were able to forge the same 55-37 margin (a season-high for the Spurs). ROOKIE WATCH:  Leonard, who missed his first game as a professional on Wednesday with a right calf strain, returned to the floor for the Spurs and added five rebounds and three steals to his 10 points. ...  Kemba Walker  got plenty of backup duty behind Augustin (they logged an identical 24 minutes). Walker was 4-for-11 from the floor although he missed both his 3-pointers and had five assists to three turnovers. ...  Bismack Biyombo  missed the game because of the right shoulder injury he sustained Wednesday at Detroit. ... With the game out of hand late,  Cory Joseph  came in for the Spurs after Parker and  T.J. Ford  handled the point and had a basket and a pair of assists in seven minutes. NOTABLE:  The Bobcats are 2-17 on the road this season and have lost 20 of their last 21 overall. ... The starting lineup of Jefferson, Duncan, Parker,  Danny Green  and  DeJuan Blair  is 8-1 for the Spurs, the only loss being the defeat Wednesday night at home against Chicago. ... Players from France shot well all night long: Diaw started 4-of-4 and ended up 6-for-10 including 2-for-3 from the 3-point line; Parker was 4-for-4 to finish the first quarter on the way to his 7-for-11 showing. ... The Charlotte backcourt was a combined 0-for-11 in the first quarter (Augustin 0-6 and  Gerald Henderson  0-5). UP NEXT:  For the Bobcats, Sunday vs. New Jersey, Tuesday vs. Orlando, Wednesday vs. Utah. For the Spurs, Sunday vs. Denver, Wednesday vs. New York, Friday vs. L.A. Clippers.  