Notebook: Blazers 114, Lakers 108 
 
 
 Dan Arritt, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Mon Dec 02, 2013 1:30 AM - Updated Mon Dec 02, 2013 1:30 AM 
 
 THE FACT:   The Trail Blazers snapped a streak of seven straight losses to the Lakers, and 11 consecutive defeats overall at Staples Center. 
 
 THE LEAD:    The Portland Trail Blazers let Los Angeles crawl out of two sizable holes Sunday night, but they didn't let them enjoy the sunlight very long. Portland flexed its muscles one last time in the final three minutes at Staples Center and pulled out a 114-108 victory Sunday night for its 12 win in the last 13 games. 
 
 QUOTABLE:   "L.A. has been playing great basketball. No lead is safe with them. They showed that in both halves."  
 
 --Portland coach  Terry Stotts 
 
 
 THE STAT:   Portland sharpshooter  Wesley Matthews  shot 3-for-5 from 3-point range to bump his season percentage to 53.1.  
 
 TURNING POINT:   The Trail Blazers saw their early 17-point lead erased by the halfway point of the second quarter, built it back up to 20 at the start of the fourth and then watched the Lakers whittle it away again.  Shawne Williams  tipped in a missed from throw by  Xavier Henry  to cut the deficit to 99-98 with 3:40 left and  Robert Sacre  kept the Lakers within a point with an inside basket.  Damian Lillard  then nailed a 3-pointer off an inbounds pass to beat the shot clock and push the lead to 104-100, and the Lakers weren't able to make it a one-possession game with the ball the rest of the way. 
 
 HOT:   Portland forward  LaMarcus Aldridge  continues to play like this might be a career-best year. Aldridge, who became the first Trail Blazer since  Clyde Drexler  in 1988 to score at least 20 points in the first six games, scored 27 on 11-for-19 shooting against the Lakers to give him back-to-back 20-plus games. Lillard added 26 points and matched his season-high with nine assists and Matthews added 17 points to surpass his season scoring average of 16.7. The Lakers received tremendous games from Henry and Sacre, as well as another bench player,  Nick Young  (17 points).  
 
 QUOTABLE II:   "We have guys down right now, but the guys we do have can still give any team a run for the money." 
 
 --Xavier Henry 
 
 
 NOT:  The Lakers missed their first eight field-goal attempts while falling behind 11-0 and the deficit continued to balloon until they trailed 21-4 with five minutes still remaining in the opening quarter. The frigid start by the Lakers went hand in hand with  Pau Gasol 's night, except the Lakers showed some flashes of energy during the game, Gasol didn't. The 7-footer missed nine of his first 10 field-goal attempts before sitting out the fourth quarter and finishing 3-for-15 for six points. Gasol said after the game he plans to get an MRI on his sore right ankle. Portland suffered the same lapse as the Lakers did at the start of the fourth quarter, missing its first eight shots and allowing the Lakers to move back within single digits. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:   While the Trail Blazers were running away from L.A. in the first quarter, Lakers coach  Mike D'Antoni  lifted all the starters except Gasol before the halfway point, going with Young, Henry, Sacre and  Jordan Farmar . They helped bring the Lakers back from the first hole, so D'Antoni went with the same group, minus Farmar, down the stretch. They responded with another energetic rally. 
 
 BAD MOVE:    Farmar didn't join the other reserves in the fourth quarter because he left in the first with a strained left hamstring. That left the Lakers with just one healthy point guard,  Steve Blake . The good news is  Steve Nash  is expected to practice with the team Tuesday in hopes of getting back in the starting lineup Friday at Sacramento. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:   "[Farmar] has been playing really well. ... We'll find out how bad [the hamstring is] this week."   
 
 --Lakers coach Mike D'Antoni 
 
 
 NOTABLE:   The first 3-pointer of the game for Matthews was his 500th in a Trail Blazers uniform. ... D'Antoni would not rule out the possibility of  Kobe Bryant  making his season debut Friday at Sacramento. Bryant is trying to return from a torn Achilles suffered last April. 
 
 UP NEXT:   For the Lakers, Friday @ Sacramento, Sunday vs. Toronto, Tuesday vs. Phoenix. For the Trail Blazers, Monday vs. Indiana, Wednesday vs. Oklahoma City, Friday vs. Utah. 
