  Notebook: Grizzlies 93, Blazers 89 Posted Saturday April 21, 2012 11:42PM By Marlon W. Morgan, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The Memphis Grizzlies won their fourth straight game against a non-playoff team, but just like the previous four games, they struggled to maintain their focus throughout and as a result, had to grind their way to a 93-89 win over Portland in at FedExForum. The one constant, however, continues to be the play of forward  Rudy Gay , who led the Grizzlies with 21 points and had a key blocked shot to preserve the victory. The Trail Blazers were led by  J.J. Hickson 's 23. QUOTABLE:  "We've played a lot of really good teams. We've played Oklahoma City. We've played Dallas twice. We went to Miami and we played the (L.A.) Clippers at home. Those are the kind of games that these guys get up for. Then after we had that stretch of those teams, all of the sudden we get a stretch of a bunch of teams that aren't in the playoffs. I can't say we struggled. We haven't been as focused to go out and dominate them, but we won the game and that's also important."    -- Grizzlies coach  Lionel Hollins . THE STAT:  After having their way with Portland for three quarters, the Grizzlies offense went into a funk in the fourth quarter. They scored just 14 points in the final period while shooting 23.8 percent (5-for-21). In the final 4:15, the Grizzlies managed just two free throws, those coming with 3.2 seconds left. TURNING POINT:  After the Grizzlies' reserves saw a 14-point fourth-quarter lead shrink to six, the starters returned and pushed the lead back to 91-79 with 4:15 to go. But Portland answered with a 10-run, holding the Grizzlies scoreless for more than four minutes. When Memphis guard  Mike Conley  missed a jumper with 10 seconds left, Portland had a chance to win or tie the game, but  Wes Matthews  had his jump shot blocked by Gay with four seconds left.  O.J. Mayo  iced the game with a pair of free throws with 3.2 seconds to go. HOT:  Hickson was a dominant force for the Blazers. He made nine of his 16 shot attempts for a game-high 23 points. Hickson was also a force on the boards, finishing with a game-high 13 rebounds, seven coming on offense. NOT:  It was an off night shooting for Grizzlies point guard Mike Conley. Conley missed on eight of his 10 shots and scored just five points, eight below his season average. NOTABLE:  Former Grizzly  Hasheem Thabeet  not only returned to FedExForum, but the team's former first-round draft pick in 2009 was in the starting lineup for Portland. When introduced, the No. 2 player taken overall was greeted with a spattering of boos. Thabeet scored three points on 1-for-5 shooting, but did haul in eight rebounds in his 20 minutes of play. ... The Grizzlies victory pulled them to within a half game of the Los Angeles Clippers, who are currently in fourth place in the Western Conference standings, and one game behind the Lost Angeles Lakers at No. 3. Both the Clippers and the Lakers hold the tiebreaker against the Grizzlies. ... Memphis forward  Zach Randolph  dressed but did not play against the Blazers. Coach Lionel Hollins said he is unsure how he will go about Monday's game against Cleveland in terms of resting players for the upcoming playoffs. ... Portland was without starting point guard  Raymond Felton , who missed the game because of a family matter. Also out was center  Joel Przybilla , who has bronchitis, and  Nicolas Batum  (left quadriceps tendinitis). ... The Grizzlies held Portland to 37.2 percent shooting, the 12th time this season they have held an opponent under 40 percent. ...  Dante Cunningham  scored 12 points and had eight rebounds off the bench for Memphis. In his last two games, he has averaged 10.5 points and 5.5 rebounds against his two former teams, Charlotte and Portland. UP NEXT:  For the Trail Blazers, Monday at San Antonio, Thursday at Utah. For the Grizzlies, Monday vs. Cleveland, Thursday vs. Orlando.  