Notebook: Pistons 103, Celtics 88 
 
 
 Dana Gauruder, For NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Jan 20, 2013 11:48 PM - Updated Sun Jan 20, 2013 11:48 PM 
 
 THE FACTS : Rookie center  Andre Drummond  had 16 points to lead a balanced attack as the Detroit Pistons defeated the Boston Celtics 103-88 at The Palace of Auburn Hills on Sunday.  Brandon Knight, Greg Monroe  and  Will Bynum  scored 15 apiece for the Pistons (15-25), who had six players in double figures while ending a two-game slide.  Kevin Garnett  and  Courtney Lee  paced the Celtics (20-20), who lost their third straight, with 16 points each. Detroit never trailed while leading by as much as 19. 
 
 QUOTABLE : "They're our backbone and when they get it going, everybody gets it going. Brandon [Knight] came out and gave us great energy and we fed off him." 
 -- Andre Drummond on the floor play of his team's guards 
 
 THE STAT : 4. The Pistons have struggled to beat a lot of teams, but they have the Celtics' number. They have beaten Boston four consecutive times over the last two seasons by an average of 15 points. All four of those wins were by double digits. The Pistons clinched this year's three-game season series with Sunday's victory. They will play once more in Boston on April 3.  
 
 TURNING POINT : Boston closed within 55-54 early in the third quarter but the Pistons responded with a 15-4 run to create some distance. Knight and  Tayshaun Prince  started it off with 3-pointers. Prince and Monroe added dunks during the outburst and  Jason Maxiell  finished it with two free throws. Boston never got closer than four points the rest of the way. 
 
 QUOTABLE II : "I don't think we have the commitment to be a good basketball team. This team wants everything easy, they want the easy way out. They want to win easy, but the only way you're going to win easy is you're going to have to play hard. We're taking the wrong approach. I've either got to find the right combination, the right guys, or we're going to have to get some guys out of here." 
 -- Celtics coach  Doc Rivers  after his team dropped to .500 
 
 HOT : Bynum continues to give the Pistons strong performances off the bench. He is averaging 16.7 points over the last three games. He also provided a steadying influence for a team that committed 21 turnovers. He made just one in 21 minutes while contributing five assists. 
 
 NOT : Boston guard  Rajon Rondo  scored a season-high 30 points against Chicago on Friday but endured one of his worst performances this season despite making 15 assists. He scored just eight points on 4-for-16 shooting and made nine turnovers, half of Boston's 18 giveaways. He also failed to get to the freethrow line. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH : Drummond added seven rebounds while making a strong push for the All-Rookie First Team. Detroit guard  Kyle Singler  also shined with 13 points, eight rebounds, five assists and three steals. Boston's  Jared Sullinger  had seven points and seven rebounds. 
 
 NOTABLE : The teams combined for 39 turnovers. ... Detroit had a 50-42 rebounding advantage as Monroe recorded his 16th double-double. .... Garnett appeared in his 1,295th career game. He will tie  Mark Jackson  for 13th place on the NBA games played list with his next appearance. .... Drummond has 65 blocks, the third-most by a rookie in franchise history.  John Salley  (1986-87) holds the record with 125. ... The Celtics have employed 11 different lineups this season, while the Pistons have used just two. ....  Avery Bradley , Boston's starting shooting guard, was a game-time decision because of a rib injury. He managed six points in 19 minutes. 
 
 UP NEXT : For the Celtics, Tuesday @ Cleveland, Thursday vs. New York, Friday @ Atlanta. For the Pistons, Tuesday vs. Orlando, Wednesday @ Chicago, Friday @ Miami. 
