  Notebook: Spurs 112, Pacers 103 Posted Sunday April 1, 2012 12:02AM By Tim Price, for NBA.com THE FACTS: Tim Duncan  had 23 points, including 9-of-9 from the free-throw line, and 11 rebounds to lead the San Antonio Spurs to their seventh-straight victory, a 112-103 decision over the Indiana Pacers on Saturday at AT&T Center. Duncan is 21-of-22 in his last five games from the free-throw line. The Spurs (36-14) never trailed and have won 10 of their last 11.  Tony Parker  was the only other starter to score in double figures (18), but San Antonio got bench production from  Manu Ginobili  (18 points),  Gary Neal  (11) and  Tiago Splitter  (10). The Pacers (30-21) shot 53 percent and still lost for the second time in three games.  Paul George  was the best of the hot shooters for Indiana, with an 8-of-11 night for 18 points.  Danny Granger  also scored 18. QUOTABLE:  "Manu (Ginobili), Timmy (Duncan) and Tony (Parker) led the way. All three of them played really well tonight and everybody else fit in. Those three guys were all good all at the same time."    -- Spurs coach  Gregg Popovich THE STAT:  With Indiana shooting better than San Antonio (53 percent to 50 percent), the game was left to be won on the free-throw line. The Spurs were more aggressive in getting free shots: they hit 27-of-33 compared to the Pacers' 14-of-18. TURNING POINT:  San Antonio led by five points less than a minute into the second quarter, but the Spurs soon went on a 10-of-12 shooting surge and within seven minutes led by 22. Four of those baskets came on the fastbreak, and the Spurs had a 14-2 advantage on the break until the final minute of the first half. Indiana got it back to seven points with five minutes to go, but the Spurs never really lost control of the game after the first-half run. QUOTABLE II:  "The Spurs are playing terrific. (But) it's the first time in five home games where an (opposing) team has lost by fewer than 11 points. Every other game has been a 20-point blowout. I'm not happy that we only lost by nine. We played good enough to beat most teams tonight. But not this team in their house."    -- Pacers coach  Frank Vogel HOT:  After a sub-par game last out against Washington, George hit 8-of-11. That puts him back in line with the two games prior to the Washington start. He went 3-of-10 against the Wizards after going 15-of-27 in the pair of games before that. NOT: Leandro Barbosa  has had a difficult finding his place -- and shot -- with the Pacers after coming over in the trade deadline move with Toronto. He was 1-of-5 tonight and is 19-of-54 (35.2 percent) since the trade after shooting 44 percent with the Raptors this season. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Duncan has run up double-doubles in two of his last three games. His averages over his last five games are 19 points and 9.8 rebounds. INSIDE THE ARENA:  A row of fans held up a series of signs before the game that spelled out "Hill Always A Spur." They were honoring the Pacers'  George Hill , who was making his first appearance in San Antonio since the Spurs traded him to Indiana in a draft-day move that gave the Spurs the draft rights to  Kawhi Leonard . Hill, who played his first three seasons in San Antonio, also was cheered loudly when he entered 2 1/2 minutes into the game. He scored nine points but had six assists and seven rebounds tonight. ROOKIE WATCH:  Leonard had his lightest game in the stat sheet in the past two weeks after a five-game stretch that saw him average 12.8 points and 8.2 rebounds. Tonight he scored five points and had two rebounds. NOTABLE:  The Spurs have won nine-straight games in the series with Indiana; the last time the Pacers have won was April 2007. ... For the first time since he was signed by the Spurs after his contract was bought out in Charlotte,  Boris Diaw  did not play. He had been averaging almost 18 minutes in the five previous games for the Spurs. UP NEXT:  For the Pacers, Sunday @ Houston, Tuesday vs. New York, Wednesday @ Washington. For the Spurs, Tuesday @ Cleveland, Wednesday @ Boston, Friday vs. New Orleans.  