  Hornets-Heat notebook    By Shandel Richardson, for NBA.com  Posted Monday December 13, 2010 11:45PM THE FACTS:  The Miami Heat defeated the New Orleans Hornets 96-84 Monday at AmericanAirlines Arena. Guard  Dwyane Wade  led all scorers with 32 points while forward  Chris Bosh  had 23. The Heat held the Hornets to 41 percent shooting and are now 10 games above .500 for the first time this season. Forward  David West  led the Hornets with 26 points and 12 rebounds. QUOTABLE:  "I think the whole time we're looking for a chance to really turn up our momentum to really get the crowd into it, get ourselves into it and get the energy,"  "We put a string of stops together and that's what's important for us."    - Bosh on the Heat's defensive intensity THE STAT:  The Heat were 30 of 38 from the field, which is a good sign. Coach  Erik Spoelstra  said the team took too many jumpshots during the slow start. During the nine-game winning streak, the Heat has attacked the basket more. TURNING POINT:  The Heat trailed 60-59 when  LeBron James  finally got into the act. After Wade and Bosh carried the team in the first half, James scored 13 third-quarter points. It was during this stretch when the Heat were finally able to create some space between the Hornets. HOT:  After a slow start, Wade took control in the second quarter. He scored just four points in the first quarter before erupting for 20. He finished the game 8 of 13 from the field but also hit 14 of 17 free throws. NOT:  Despite being able to set up teammates at times, New Orleans guard  Chris Paul  finished with just 11 points on 3 of 10 shooting. Paul had eight rebounds, but never was able to control the action as he did earlier this season against the Heat. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT : Bosh was 10 of 18 from the field, continuing his recent string of hot shooting. He also added 11 rebounds. GOOD MOVE:  Getting LeBron James involved in the game in the third quarter was the difference. Spoelstra made an effort to get the ball in James' hands at that point. The Heat are much more effective when the Big 3 are all contributing instead of just a portion of the trio. BAD MOVE:  Midway through the first quarter, Hornet guard Jarrett Jack committed a flagrant foul on Wade on a breakaway layup. Wade said the play motivated him and led to his big night. Of the foul, Wade said, "I was very angry. Sometimes, you've got to make your point." NOTABLE:  The Heat have won all games during the winning streak by double-digits, extending a franchise record. UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Wednesday vs. Cleveland, Friday @ New York, Saturday @ Washington. For the Hornets, Wednesday vs. Sacramento, Friday vs. Utah, Sunday @ Detroit.  