Notebook: Spurs 102, Nuggets 94 
 
 
 Michael Kelly, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Nov 06, 2013 12:52 AM - Updated Wed Nov 06, 2013 12:52 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Denver Nuggets have started 0-3 for the second straight season. 
 
 THE LEAD:   Tony Parker  scored 24 points,  Tim Duncan  chipped in with 17 points, eight assists and eight rebounds and the San Antonio Spurs used a big fourth quarter to rally past the Denver Nuggets 102-94 on Wednesday night.  
 
 Kawhi Leonard  had 14 points for the Spurs, who outscored Denver 30-16 in the final 12 minutes. 
 
 Ty Lawson  led the Nuggets with 20 points and eight assists and  Kenneth Faried  added 15 points and eight rebounds in his return to the starting lineup. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "It was our defense. We finally got some stops, followed by boards and turned them into offense. Earlier we were getting stops, we weren't getting rebounds or we were getting stops and rebounds but we weren't making shots. We had a stretch where we put all three together. It changed everything for us."  
 
 -- Duncan, on the fourth-quarter rally 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Nuggets hit 60 percent of their 3-pointers and 48 percent from the field through the first three quarters but managed just 21 percent shooting in the fourth. They missed all four 3-point attempts. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Spurs showed their veteran savvy in weathering Denver's hot shooting early. Their biggest deficit was 13 but they had cut it to six entering the fourth. That's when their defense took over, forcing Denver to miss eight straight shots and 15 of 17 to end the game.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I thought we played better D as the second half went along. The NBA game lasts forever. It's 48 minutes and all kinds of crap happens. We know that better than anybody if you think back to the Finals."  
 
 -- San Antonio coach  Gregg Popovich 
 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "We kind of lost our minds a little bit in the fourth quarter. We played well in the first three quarters but we didn't sustain it. That killed us."  
 
 -- Nuggets coach  Brian Shaw 
 
 
 HOT:  Parker was smooth and efficient throughout the game. He never took over the game at any point but he finished 9-for-13 from the field and made all six of his free throws. His only negative was five turnovers. 
 
 NOT:  The Nuggets had trouble with ball control for the second time in three games. In Sacramento they had 19 turnovers and Wednesday they committed 23, which led to 27 San Antonio points. The big men were the biggest culprits, with  JaVale McGee  turning it over five times and  J.J. Hickson  and  Timofey Mozgov  having four apiece. 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  Nuggets mascot  Rocky  was back in action after being injured in pregame ceremonies before Friday's home opener.  
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Duncan and  Tiago Splitter  played well against Denver's big men and got them into foul trouble. McGee finished with five fouls and Mozgov fouled out. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Nuggets point guard  Nate Robinson  at times played without an escape plan. He committed three turnovers and on two occasions went up in the air without a viable option to shoot or pass 
 
 NOTABLE:  Spurs forward  Matt Bonner  didn't play in the second half due to tightness in his left calf. ... Duncan also had four blocks to go with his 17 points, eight assists and eight rebounds. It's the eighth time in his career he has reached those numbers in a game. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Spurs, Wednesday vs. Phoenix, Friday vs. Golden State, Sunday @ New York. For the Nuggets, Thursday vs. Atlanta, Friday @ Phoenix, Monday @ Utah. 
