  Notebook: Pacers 98, Cavaliers 91   By Conrad Brunner, for NBA.com Posted Friday December 30, 2011 11:19PM THE FACTS:  Winning ugly has not been a trademark of the Indiana Pacers in recent years. In fact, entering 2010-11, they'd lost their last 31 games when they shot below 40 percent, including an 0-19 mark last season. But Friday's 98-91 overtime grinder over the visiting Cavaliers in Bankers Life Fieldhouse was Indiana's third win in a row despite sub-40 shooting.  Danny Granger  scored nine of his 22 in overtime, including a rare open 3-pointer that made it a six-point game with less than 90 seconds remaining. The Pacers improved to 3-0 for the first time since 2007. Cleveland (1-2) had a chance to win in regulation but rookie  Kyrie Irving 's layup spun out at the buzzer. QUOTABLE:  "We needed to make them uncomfortable on their offensive end. We weren't doing that the first half and that changed in the second half. They turned it up a notch with playoff type defense in the third quarter."    -- Indiana coach  Frank Vogel THE STAT:  For the second time in three games, the Pacers had three frontcourt players with double-doubles. Center  Roy Hibbert  had 17 points, 13 rebounds and three blocked shots for his third in a row. Power forward  David West  had 14 points and 10 rebounds, and reserve  Tyler Hansbrough  had 11 points and 12 rebounds. Four Pacers players have combined to produce eight double-doubles in three games this season. TURNING POINT:  Indiana appeared in control after dominating the third quarter and took a 75-64 lead early in the fourth. But Irving brought the Cavs back with a 16-5 run that tied the game as the Pacers missed 16 of 18 shots over a 10-minute span.  Anthony Parker  hit a 3-pointer to put the Cavs up 84-82 but West answered with a floater with 4.4 seconds left. After Irving missed his potential game-winner, the Pacers took control behind Granger in overtime. QUOTABLE II:  "These are the types of games that we have to win. We probably would have lost this one last year. But I think the coaching staff and everybody is teaching us how to win and to win when we get into certain situations."    -- Indiana center Roy Hibbert HOT:  Hibbert had his third straight double-double and was dominant in the third quarter with seven points, five rebounds and three blocks in a 10-minute span.  George Hill  had his best game in an Indiana uniform with 15 points. NOT:  Both teams struggled from the perimeter, combining to go 7-for-35 (20 percent) from the 3-point line.) FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Through three games, Hibbert is averaging 15.0 points, 12.3 rebounds and 2.0 blocked shots while shooting 58 percent from the field, cementing his prominence at a thin position. QUOTABLE III:  "I love the fact he wants the ball and that's a great sign. I wanted him to have the ball in his hands so he could create for his teammates or have a shot for himself. He did the right thing. He got all the way to the basket."    -- Cleveland coach  Byron Scott  on Kyrie Irving. ROOKIE WATCH:  Irving showed electrifying quickness and produced 20 points, five rebounds and four assists but so far appears more comfortable creating his own shot than making plays for teammates. NOTABLE:  The Pacers are one of three undefeated teams an the East (along with Atlanta ant Miami). ... Indiana's 60 rebounds is an NBA season high. ... Hill had four steals. ... Including the Cavs' 18 tonight, the Pacers have forced the opposition into an average of 17.7 turnovers. ... Former Pacers center  Rik Smits  was in attendance. ... Pacers forward  Jeff Pendergraph , who had been out with a sprained right knee, returned to practice Thursday. Though Pendergraph has much work to do in terms of rebuilding conditioning, he might be in uniform as soon as Monday's game in New Jersey. Veteran center  Jeff Foster  remains out with a sore lower back. ... The Cavs were without center  Semih Erden  (right thumb fracture). UP NEXT:  For the Pacers, Saturday @ Detroit, Monday @ New Jersey, Wednesday @ Miami. For the Cavaliers, Sunday vs. New Jersey, Wednesday vs. Charlotte, Thursday at Toronto.  