Notebook: Grizzlies 94, Trail Blazers 76 
 
 
 Kerry Eggers, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Thu Apr 04, 2013 1:50 AM - Updated Thu Apr 04, 2013 1:50 AM 
 
 THE FACTS :  The Memphis Grizzlies led wire-to-wire in a 94-76 rout of the Portland Trail Blazers Wednesday night at the Rose Garden.  
 
 Mike Conley  scored 20 points and  Zach Randolph  added 17 points and eight assists for the Grizzlies (51-24), who won their fourth straight game and remained in a tie with Denver for third place in the Western Conference playoff race.  J.J. Hickson  totaled 17 points and nine rebounds and  Damian Lillard  had 17 and six assists for the Blazers (33-42), who lost their sixth consecutive game. 
 
 QUOTABLE : "It's not a motivation. The players might think about it, but I just want us to play well. We had homecourt last year and we lost the series [to the Los Angeles Clippers]. You just have to go play, and play well."  
 --Memphis coach  Lionel Hollins  on gaining homecourt advantage in the first round of the playoffs 
 
 THE STAT : Portland scored only 30 second-half points, making 1-for-18 from 3-point range. 
 
 TURNING POINT : The Blazers cut what was once an 18-point deficit to 63-56 midway through the third quarter. The Grizzlies went on a 9-0 run and Portland never got closer than 11 points the rest of the way. 
 
 QUOTABLE II : "Memphis is a top seed in the West. We did some good things tonight, but  you have to give [the Grizzlies] credit. They're a better team than we are."  
 -- Portland coach  Terry Stotts 
 
 
 HOT : Conley was 7-for-11 from the field, including 3-for-5 on 3-point attempts. 
 
 NOT : Memphis reserve  Jerryd Bayless  was 0-for-8 from the field. 
 
 GOOD MOVE : Hollins went deep into his bench and got plenty of good results, especially from  Ed Davis , who was 5-for-6 from the field and contributed 12 points and 10 rebounds in only 18 minutes. 
 
 BAD MOVE: Nolan Smith , entering the game in garbage time for Portland, hoisted up back-to-back airballs. The reserve guard finished with two points on 1-for-4 shooting. 
 
 QUOTABLE III : "We moved the ball so well tonight that the offense came easier for us. Everybody touched the ball, everybody was engaged and involved in each play. When we play unselfish, it's pretty good for us."  
 --Mike Conley 
 
 NOTABLE : Portland played without starting forwards  LaMarcus Aldridge  (ankle) and  Nicolas Batum  (shoulder). ... Newly signed veteran guard  Keyon Dooling  saw his first action for Memphis, going scoreless in two minutes. ... The Blazers' starting lineup includes three rookies ? Lillard,  Victor Claver  and  Meyers Leonard  ? the first time the club has started three first-year players since January 2009 (Batum,  Rudy Fernandez  and  Greg Oden )...  Oden, rehabbing from his latest knee surgery, watched the game from courtside seats. The 7-footer is a free agent. 
 
 UP NEXT : For the Grizzlies, Friday @ L.A. Lakers, Sunday @ Sacramento, Tuesday vs. Charlotte. For the Trail Blazers, Friday vs. Houston, Sunday vs. Dallas, Wednesday vs. L.A. Lakers. 
