  Nuggets-Timberwolves notebook   By Jim Beilby, for NBA.com Posted Thursday December 30, 2010 12:09AM THE FACTS:  As unlikely as it sounds, the Denver Nuggets 119-113 victory over the Minnesota Timberwolves was a surprising result. The Nuggets had dropped nine of their last 11 on the road and they were forced to play with a seriously depleted lineup.  Carmelo Anthony  missed his fifth straight game for personal reasons. And injuries sidelined their entire starting frontcourt.  Kenyon Martin  was out with a sore left knee,  Al Harrington  with a dislocated right thumb, and Nene with a strained right hamstring. Chauncey Billups  scored 36 points to lead the Nuggets, hitting all six of his 3-point shots, including two crucial shots down the stretch. In Anthony's absence, Chauncey Billups has had to pick up his scoring. He is averaging 23.0 points per game over the previous four games, including a (previous) season-high 30 in Oklahoma City on Christmas Day. QUOTABLE:  "It was one of our better wins of the year. Chauncey (Billups) was fantastic, but everybody had their moments. I think our big guys off the bench pieced it together. No one had a great game, but they had great moments.... And Chauncey had great control of the team. We never thought we'd score this many points in a game like tonight but fortunately we did and we made enough defensive plays to win." -- Denver coach,  George Karl. THE STAT : Denver outrebounded Minnesota 52-51. This despite the fact that Denver was missing their entire starting frontcourt and Minnesota came into the game leading the league in rebounds per game. No single player dominated the glass for Denver. Their 18 team rebounds is indicative that the result was a team effort. TURNING POINT:  After being thoroughly outplayed in the first half, Denver opened the third quarter with a 20-6 run to take a eight point lead. QUOTABLE II:  "We just knew that our only chance of winning this game just trying to push the tempo tonight. We knew that they were a great rebounding team, and with us not having our bigs, we were gonna be hurting. We just tried to speed the game up and have a couple of guys step up big, and that's exactly what happened."   -- Denver guard,  Chauncey Billups NOTABLE:  Kevin Love recorded his 19th straight double-double tonight (26 points and 14 rebounds). He is leading the league with 28 double-doubles and in tonight's game he matched the franchise record for double-doubles in a month. The previous record was set by Kevin Garnett in March, 2006. UP NEXT:   For the Wolves, Saturday vs. New Jersey, Monday @ Boston, Wednesday vs. Charlotte. For the Nuggets, Saturday vs. Sacramento, Monday vs. Houston, Wednesday @ Clippers.  