  Notebook: Mavericks 112, Nuggets 95 Posted Tuesday March 20, 2012 2:57AM By Michael Kelly, for NBA.com THE FACTS:   Dirk Nowitzki  had 33 points and 11 rebounds,  Brandan Wright  scored 15 points and the Dallas Mavericks grabbed a key playoff chip in a 112-95 win over the Denver Nuggets on Monday night. Arron Afflalo  had 24 points and  Wilson Chandler , playing his first game since signing a multiyear deal with Denver, had 13 in his first NBA game in nearly 11 months. Nowitzki also had six assists for the Mavericks, who moved a game-and-a-half ahead of Denver in the Western Conference playoff race and won the season series. QUOTABLE:  "For some reason we're really shooting the ball well, moving the ball. It's fun to play out there. When we were doubled, we passed it out and we made shots. It's a fun way to play if everybody touches it."    -- Nowitzki, on Dallas' unselfish play. THE STAT:  The Mavericks won nearly every significant stat in impressive fashion. They had 33 assists, 45 rebounds and shot 53.6 percent from the field. They started the game hitting 10 of 13 shots and never cooled down. TURNING POINT:  After Denver had cut a 14-point Dallas lead to 78-72 in the third quarter,  Vince Carter  drained a 3-pointer from the corner to start a 16-6 run that gave the Mavericks a 94-78 lead early in the fourth. Five straight points from Nowitzki early in the fourth put this one away. QUOTABLE II:  "My biggest disappointment was the beginning of the third quarter. They scored the first seven points and their confidence just ballooned. They're a championship team, they have an attitude and they're getting ready for the playoffs."    -- Nuggets coach  George Karl HOT:  Nowitzki was unstoppable early. He hit his first five shots and had 18 points at the half. He scored 10 more in the third quarter and never really seemed to sweat in this one. QUOTABLE III:  "That 1-foot fadeaway, nobody in the league can hit that and he makes it look so easy. You think you play great D, you contest the shot and he looks at you like, 'That's going to go in every time.' As a rookie -- wow."    -- Nuggets forward  Kenneth Faried , on Nowitzki NOT:  The Nuggets' health. A team that has suffered several injuries this year was hit with two more Monday. Guard  Andre Miller  left the game in the second quarter with a right shoulder contusion and forward  Danilo Gallinari  suffered a fractured left thumb in the third quarter. QUOTABLE IV:  "I hit my thumb to the backboard trying to block a shot. I tried to play through but it was getting worse second by second. I didn't know it was broken, but it hurt a lot."    -- Gallinari GOOD MOVE:  Despite having Faried on him early, Nowitzki didn't force things, even with a 5-inch height advantage. Instead he let the offense come to him and he found a flow right away. BAD MOVE:  The Nuggets got within one late in the second quarter but couldn't stay with the Mavericks. They missed too many layups, and at the start of the third quarter their defense wasn't crisp. Dallas opened the second half by scoring the first seven points and got separation. QUOTABLE V:  "It was one of the smartest played games I've seen in the league all year long. Very disciplined, aggressive, but not frantic and moved the ball the way we had to."    -- Mavericks coach  Rick Carlisle NOTABLE:  Nuggets newcomer  JaVale McGee  didn't play in his first game eligible since he was acquired from Washington for  Nene . ... Denver fell to 4-4 on this homestand and is now 14-12 at Pepsi Center. Last season the Nuggets lost eight home games over a full schedule. ... Wright's 15 points were a season high. UP NEXT:  For the Mavericks, Wednesday vs. L.A. Lakers, Friday @ San Antonio, Saturday @ Houston. For the Nuggets, Wednesday vs. Detroit, Friday @ Utah, Sunday @ Minnesota.  