  Notebook: Spurs 104, Hornets 102   By Scott Kushner, for NBA.com Posted Monday January 23, 2012 11:35PM THE FACTS: Tim Duncan  broke a tie and connected on an off balance shot with 1.4 seconds left, part of his game-high 28, propelling the San Antonio Spurs to a 104-102 win over the New Orleans Hornets on Monday night at the New Orleans Arena. QUOTABLE:  "I just wanted to win on the road honestly. I don't remember the road ever being this tough."  --  Duncan, on the Spurs winning just their second game away from San Antonio this season, improving to 2-6 on the road. It was their first road win over a Western Conference foe in five tries. THE STAT:  It was a rare shootout for the Hornets. For the first time this season, the Hornets eclipsed the 100-point barrier, but it was also the first time New Orleans allowed an opponent to shoot over 50 percent from the floor, as the Spurs converted 54.7 percent of its shots from the field. TURNING POINT:  Duncan snapped the 102-102 tie, when he improvised on an inbounds play, sweeping across the top of the lane before netting a one-handed, leaning floater from the free-throw line. Despite Hornets' center  Emeka Okafor  cutting off Duncan's initial route to the baseline, he was able to improvise an open look. QUOTABLE II:  "It's not like Emeka gave him a point-blank layup or an easy shot. He was running across the lane, fading away, one-handed, and that's just Tim Duncan. He's an amazing player. It's tough to stop a shot like that. If we had a chance to hold them to that shot, we would take it nine times out of 10."  --  Hornets forward  Jason Smith  on Duncan's game-winning shot. HOT:  Hornets guard  Jarrett Jack  produced his fourth 20-point performances in his last six games, scoring 26 points. He also served as New Orleans' best facilitator, dishing out nine assists while pulling down six rebounds. Jack was the Hornets' go-to scorer in the final minutes, but he couldn't get open to for the game's final shot. Instead  Carl Landry  missed the rim entirely on his three-pointer at the buzzer. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT: Tony Parker  filled up two columns on the stat sheet, scoring 18 points and handing out 17 assists, baffling the Hornets' defense with his ability to penetrate into the lane, finish around the basket in transition and find open shooters. INSIDE THE ARENA:  It was ladies night at the New Orleans Arena. A trio of actresses -  Brooke Shields, Daryl Hannah  and  Melanie Griffith  - took in the game, sitting courtside together, flanked by Hornets' chairman  Jac Sperling  at mid-court. Another pair of actresses -  Wanda Sykes  and  Camryn Manheim  - also sat together underneath the basket. ROOKIE WATCH:  Spurs' rookie forward  Kawhi Leonard  saw his role drastically reduced on Monday, after playing 38 minutes in San Antonio's 105-102 loss to Houston on Saturday. Despite an appearance in the starting lineup, the first round pick out of San Diego State logged just seven minutes, without scoring a point or pulling down a rebound. NOTABLE:  New Orleans made nine of its first 12 shots in the first quarter, scoring 22 points in the opening seven minutes of action...San Antonio matched and surpassed its opponents' early offensive outburst, converting on 66 percent of its shots over the entirety of the opening quarter, en route to 30-28 lead...It marked the the third consecutive two-point loss by the Hornets...New Orleans shot a season-high 92.3 percent from the free throw line, making 12-of-13 foul shots. UP NEXT:  For the Hornets, Wednesday @ Oklahoma City, Friday vs Orlando, Sunday vs. Atlanta. For the Spurs, Wednesday vs. Atlanta, Friday @ Minnesota, Sunday @ Dallas.  