Notebook: Raptors 104, Hornets 97 (OT) 
 
 
 Bradley Handwerger, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Dec 28, 2012 11:53 PM - Updated Fri Dec 28, 2012 11:53 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:   DeMar DeRozan  scored 30 points and  Kyle Lowry  put up 17 and had eight assists off the bench as the Toronto Raptors outlasted the New Orleans Hornets 104-97 in overtime Friday night. The Hornets (6-23) did their best to build on their win over Orlando two nights earlier. Down for most of the final three quarters, New Orleans slowly climbed back into the game behind the play of guard  Greivis Vasquez , who had six points and four assists in the fourth quarter.  
 New Orleans used an 8-1 run over the final 1:38 to push the game into overtime, but ran out of energy once the extra five minutes began. 
 DeRozan and Lowry were a big part of that, combining for nine points in overtime. Toronto's defense picked up their energy in the extra time, not allowing New Orleans any easy shots to stay in the game. 
 For Toronto (10-20),  Alan Anderson  added 16 points,  Ed Davis  had 13 and Amir Johnson had 12 points and eight rebounds. 
 Vasquez paced New Orleans with 20 points, 14 assists and nine rebounds while rookie  Anthony Davis  put up 25 points and nine rebounds to go with three blocked shots. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We came out with a fury. We came out saying we were going to win this game and coach and every other player gave us confidence. We started the overtime with a great pass to Amir and we just built off of that." 
 -- Kyle Lowry 
 
 
 THE STAT:  17 -- the amount of turnovers the Hornets had Friday night. Those turnovers turned into 23 Toronto points. Equally as important was that the Raptors turned the ball over only seven times for five Hornets points. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  After the Hornets closed a seven-point deficit in the final 1:38 to push the game to overtime, the Raptors didn't let the momentum swing last. Johnson's layup in the first 30 seconds of extra time set the tone and the Raptors, just 2-15 on the road coming into the game, controlled overtime. Lowry hit a jumper, followed by a 24-foot 3-pointer and then  DeRozan sank two free throws and, with just a minute to play, Toronto owned what turned out to be an insurmountable 100-93 lead. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I think we're fighting. We're resilient. We fought back from what, eight points that last stretch. We could have given up and it shows a lot for this team. We're going to work through it and we'll learn." 
 -- Hornets forward  Ryan Anderson 
 
 
 NOT:  Toronto's  Terrence Ross  played starters minutes, getting in for more than 23 minutes of Friday night's game off the bench. But he didn't make the most of his time, going just 1-for-8 for four points 
 
 NOTABLE:  Vasquez's 14 assists and nine rebounds marks the 11th time in Hornets history that a player has recorded those numbers in a game. Former Hornet  Chris Paul  has nine of the previous 10 instances. ... DeRozan's 30-point performance was the second time this at least 30 points. ... The Raptors' seven turnovers were a season low for a New Orleans opponent and the Hornets are now 0-3 when forcing fewer than 10 turnovers. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Hornets, Saturday @ Charlotte, Tuesday vs. Atlanta, Wednesday @ Houston. For the Raptors, Saturday @ Orlando, Wednesday vs. Portland, Friday vs. Sacramento. 
