
 Wizards-Kings notebook   By Jimmy Spencer, for NBA.com Posted Thursday December 9, 2010 1:22AM THE FACTS:  The Sacramento Kings snapped an eight-game losing streak with a 116-91 home victory against the Washington Wizards on Wednesday night. Playing without No. 1 overall pick  John Wall , who sat with an injured left foot, the Wizards remain winless on the road (0-12) this season. THE STAT:  Grins aren't an official stat, but a brief estimation might confirm it was a season-high for Sacramento. The real stat on the night was +25, as in Sacramento's 25-point victory, the team's first double-digit win of the season. Just their fifth win of the season, the Kings had previously never won by more than five points. QUOTABLE:  "People always say to me, 'you're such an energetic guy and always smiling off the court, why don't you do it on the court?' I tell them I'll smile more if we win. We were winning. I'll have the biggest smile ever and you'll never see me mad if we're winning."    -- Kings forward  Jason Thompson TURNING POINT:  The Kings took a 14-point halftime lead and extended it to as many as 32 points late in the fourth quarter. QUOTABLE II:  "You can't get too carried away about one game but it sure feels a lot better than those losses."    -- Kings coach  Paul Westphal HOT:   Pooh Jeter  is finding a role as a spark for Sacramento off the bench. The 5-foot-11 point guard scored 13 points and added nine assists and four rebounds in 26 minutes on Wednesday. On Monday night against the Clippers, Jeter had 11 points in 17 minutes. After playing just one game (and only four minutes) in the Kings' season-opener in Minnesota, Jeter didn't see the court again until late November. His minutes began to increase in late November, though his role changed from game to game. But he's had a steady role in December, averaging 16 minutes per game through four games. NOT:  The Wizards' defense was dreadful. The Sacramento Kings earned plenty of open looks in the paint and in transition, shooting 54.2 percent on the night. The Kings scored 48 points in the paint. In addition, the Kings tallied 27 assists to Washington's 11 in the game. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Thompson might be worth a look in some fantasy leagues as he develops into a heavier role of late. The forward scored 22 points on 10-for-15 shooting with 14 rebounds and added two block shots. However, his minutes may drop with the return of  Samuel Dalembert , who missed Wednesday's game, still away from attending the funeral of longtime  Philadelphia Inquirer  writer  Phil Jasner . INSIDE THE ARENA:  Sacramento Kings radio broadcaster  Gary Gerould  announced his 2,000th Kings game and was honored at halftime ... World Wrestling Entertainment star  Chris Matthews  sat courtside on Wednesday night. ROOKIE WATCH:  Wall suited up but never played on Wednesday night due to left foot pain. Wall participated in pregame warmups and had his foot re-taped before he was ruled questionable just before game time. The team ruled him out for the game in the first quarter. Wall told reporters in his postgame interview that he had tweaked his ankle in Tuesday's loss to the Lakers. ...  DeMarcus Cousins  scored 10 points and grabbed five rebounds in 26 minutes. NOTABLE:   Omri Casspi  was fuming and had to be (very) loosely restrained by teammates after  Nick Young  grabbed him unsympathetically around the waste on a fastbreak dunk attempt in the fourth quarter. Young was given a flagrant foul. UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Friday vs. New York, Tuesday vs. Lakers, Thursday at New Jersey. For the Kings, Saturday vs. Miami, Tuesday at Houston, Wednesday at New Orleans. 
