  Hornets-Thunder notebook   By Randy Renner, for NBA.com  Posted Wednesday February 2, 2011 11:09PM THE FACTS:  Oklahoma City's  Kevin Durant  had one of the best shooting nights of his career while piling up 43 points to lead his Thunder past the New Orleans Hornets 104-93. Durant also pulled down 10 rebounds. Only two of his teammates joined him in double figures.  Jeff Green  had 12 and  Russell Westbrook  added 10 points and eight assists.  David West  led the Hornets with 20 points and 15 rebounds.  Chris Paul  added 15 points and five assists. The Hornets have now lost three of their last four. The Thunder have won three of their last four. QUOTABLE:  "It seemed like we couldn't defend anyone but then again Durant just had one of those nights. I thought a couple of our guys started hanging their heads when he hit some of those shots."   --Hornets coach  Monty Williams THE STAT:  Durant scored 43 points on 14-for-19 shooting, including 5-for-7 on 3-pointers. TURNING POINT:  In the third quarter, Oklahoma City took control of the game with outstanding defense, limiting New Orleans to just 17 points on 4-for-20 shooting. In the entire second half the Hornets managed just 38 points and shot just 32.5 percent. QUOTABLE II:  "I thought our guys had great energy on defense in the second half.  Serge [Ibaka]  protected the basket, got rebounds (12) and blocked a lot of shots (six)."   --Thunder coach  Scott Brooks HOT:  In the first half Oklahoma City hit 55.6 percent on 3-point shots, 5-for-9. NOT:  Also in the first half New Orleans shot only 20 percent from long range, 1-for-5. INSIDE THE ARENA:  The third biggest snowstorm in Oklahoma City history dumped 12.1 inches on the city. Despite ongoing travel problems across the area a crowd of about 15,000 managed to make it inside Oklahoma City Arena. Official paid attendance was 17,849. GOOD MOVE:  With time winding down in the third quarter, Durant grabbed a rebound, raced down the floor from baseline to baseline and nailed a step-back jumper just as the horn sounded ending the quarter. BAD MOVE:  Ibaka standing out beyond the 3-point stripe, holding the ball over his head looking for someone to pass to, instead had the ball stolen away by  Willie Green  when he brought his hands down too low. He didn't see Green sneaking in behind him. NOTABLE:  Durant has now scored at least 40 points five times this season and leads the NBA in 40-point games. OKC is now 17-3 in games where Durant scores at least 30. Hornets forward  Trevor Ariza  left the game with a sprained ankle in the third quarter. He did not return to the game and left the arena on crutches. UP NEXT:  For the Hornets, Saturday vs. Lakers, Monday vs. Timberwolves, Wednesday @ New Jersey. For the Thunder, Friday @ Phoenix, Saturday @ Utah, Tuesday vs. Grizzlies.  