Notebook: Nets 101, Magic 90 
 
 
 Jake Appleman, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Jan 21, 2014 11:20 PM - Updated Tue Jan 21, 2014 11:55 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Brooklyn Nets swept a back-to-back set of games for the first time this season en route to their eighth win in nine January games.  
 
 THE LEAD:  The Nets used a dominant third quarter to beat the Orlando Magic easily, 101-90 on Tuesday night. The hottest team in the league won its sixth consecutive home game by defending well and continuing to live from behind the 3-point line (10-for-28). No Magic (11-31) player scored more than 15 points ( Kyle O'Quinn  had that output) and, after a pregame during which Magic coach  Jacque Vaughn  voiced his concern about matchup problems posed by the Nets bench, the Nets (18-22) were led in the scoring column by two bench players.  
 
 Andray Blatche  continued his resurgence, pacing the Nets with 18 points and making a number of highlight-reel plays, while  Mirza Teletovic  added 14. The ball moved swiftly for the Nets, as no Brooklyn player took more than 11 shots or played more than 30 minutes.   
 
 QUOTABLE:  "It's a sign we're showing consistency with what we're trying to do around here. Not only win, but win pretty convincingly."  
 --  Paul Pierce  (13 points, six rebounds) on the Nets' performance in the second night of a back-to-back   
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Nets' bench outscored the Magic bench 52-43, as reserves accounted for about half of the game's scoring.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Nets started the third quarter with an 18-6 run to take full control of the game. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We stopped moving the ball, we stopped playing together, we stopped playing defense, we stopped doing everything and just laid ... down."  
 -- Magic forward  Glen Davis  
 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "Defense. That's where we set our tone; it's what we've been trying to hang our hat on."  
 -- Nets guard  Shaun Livingston  
 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  The Nets hosted a night of Russian Culture, an event that has become an annual affair for the franchise, and Barclays Center was still surprisingly full of fans despite inclement weather outside making travel more difficult.  
 
 NOTABLE: Deron Williams  came off the bench for the second straight game since returning from an ankle injury. Williams played 28 minutes, tallying nine points and nine assists. ....  Kevin Garnett  (eight points, five rebounds) is shooting 68.4 percent in January.   
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Magic, Wednesday vs. Atlanta, Friday vs. L.A. Lakers, Sunday @ New Orleans. For the Nets, Friday vs. Dallas, Sunday @ Boston, Monday vs. Toronto.  
