  Notebook: Grizzlies 85, Wolves 80 Posted Wednesday February 8, 2012 11:31PM By Marlon W. Morgan for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Facing a Minnesota team that was already playing without its star  Kevin Love , who was serving the second game of a two-game suspension, the Memphis Grizzlies managed to frustrate the Timberwolves rookie playmaker  Ricky Rubio  as they snapped a three-game losing streak with an 85-80 victory Wednesday night at FedExForum. The Grizzlies also halted Minnesota's three-game winning streak. QUOTABLE:  "We'll see what happens. It would be great to represent my city and my teammates over there. I don't really believe in personal recognition. It would be beautiful to represent everybody, the city, the Grizzlies, and my teammates."    -- Grizzlies center  Marc Gasol  on his chances of being named as a Western Conference reserve for the All-Star Game. THE STAT:  It was the second quarter that did the Timberwolves in. After shooting a respectable 45 percent in the opening quarter, Minnesota went ice cold in the next period, missing on 18 of their 21 shots (14.3 percent), which allowed the Grizzlies to take a 44-34 halftime lead. TURNING POINT:  After jumping out to a 16-point third-quarter lead, the Grizzlies allowed Minnesota to go on a 10-0 run to pull to within 56-50 with 4:02 left in the quarter. But the Grizzlies responded with an 8-0 run of their own to regain control and eventually take a 66-54 lead into the final period HOT:  The Grizzlies got a career-best performance from guard  Quincy Pondexter , who started his second straight game in place of the injured  Tony Allen . Pondexter, who had been struggling offensively as of late, had career-highs of 17 points and six rebounds. NOT:  It was an off-night for Rubio. One of the top playmakers in the NBA with an average of 9.1 assists, Rubio was held to just one assist, that coming on a third quarter alley-oop to  Wes Johnson . Rubio also had just four points on 1-for-8 shooting and committed four turnovers. Because of his, and the team's struggles, for the first time this season Rubio did not play in the fourth quarter. GOOD MOVE:  Grizzlies coach  Lionel Hollins  admitted after Monday's loss to San Antonio that he had been playing his starters too many extended minutes.  Rudy Gay , Gasol and  Mike Conley  all topped the 40-minute mark in that loss. Against Minnesota, Hollins was more conscious of getting his star players some rest, although Gasol helped with three first quarter fouls. None of the three played more than 38 minutes, and they were able to sit out for longer stretches. QUOTABLE:  "I continued to stay aggressive. After the last few games, I was real disappointed. My teammates did a great job of finding me. I've just got to be active on the floor, getting rebounds and doing a lot of the little things that help you be productive in these types of games. Lately, I was playing terrible. I had to find some type of way to get myself going."    -- Grizzlies guard Quincy Pondexter. NOTABLE:  Minnesota rookie forward  Derrick Williams  made his second start in place of Love. He finished with 13 points and a career-high nine rebounds. ... With Rubio struggling, backup  Jose Barea  tried to lead his team to a win. He scored a team-high 17 points and had six assists, but it wasn't enough. Barea also made 3 of his 6 3-point attempts. The rest of the team was 1-for-16. ... Gay led the Grizzlies with 19 points, but made just 9 of his 21 shots. ...  Marreese Speights  hauled in a game-high 15 rebounds as the Grizzlies held a 59-47 edge on the boards, including a 21-10 advantage on the offensive glass. Both were season-highs for the Grizzlies. ... Forward  Dante Cunningham  came off the bench to score a season-high 12 points with seven rebounds. ... The Grizzlies managed to put up 94 shots. The problem is they only made 37 percent of those shots. UP NEXT:  For the Timberwolves, Friday vs. Dallas, Saturday vs. New York, Monday at Orlando. For the Grizzlies, Friday vs. Indiana, Sunday vs. Utah, Tuesday vs. Houston.  