  Hornets-Bobcats notebook   By Derek S. Smith, for NBA.com Posted Saturday January 15, 2011 10:42PM THE FACTS:   David West  scored 26 points and grabbed eight rebounds to lead the New Orleans Hornets to their fourth straight win with an 88-81 victory Saturday night over the Charlotte Bobcats at Time Warner Cable Arena.  Chris Paul  added 19 for the Hornets while  Gerald Wallace  and  Stephen Jackson  led the way for Charlotte with 15 each. QUOTABLE:  "We talked about not having any let downs out there. We didn't want to come out and lose this game and blame it on the circumstances from last night. We forced them to make big plays. We didn't allow them a big run and being able to control the tempo was big for us. We wanted to make sure that the last part of each quarter we got what we wanted."   -- New Orleans forward David West THE STAT:  Finishing strong. The Bobcats were 24-for-47 from the floor in the first seven minutes of each quarter. However in the final five minutes of each quarter Charlotte managed to make just 18.1 percent (4-for-22) of its shots including going 0-for-2 with four turnovers in the final period. TURNING POINT:   Tyrus Thomas ' elbow. The Bobcats were already in trouble trailing 81-75 after a Paul 3-pointer, but things got much worse with 2:38 to play. Thomas' elbow connected on the head of  Emeka Okafor  and that resulted in a Flagrant-2 which is an automatic ejection. The Hornets made a pair of free throws and took control for the rest of the game. HOT:  West. The New Orleans forward had a game-best 26 points on 10-for-19 shooting with eight rebounds and three assists. West is averaging 21.8 points and 8.8. rebounds during the team's current four-game winning streak NOT:  Charlotte taking care of the ball. The Bobcats committed 16 turnovers which were converted into 21 points by the Hornets. Charlotte was equally poor in converting opportunities given them by New Orleans converting their eight turnovers into just three points. Charlotte is 29th in the NBA in turnovers. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Jackson. The Bobcats guard continued to put up strong numbers across multiple fantasy scoring categories. Saturday night Jackson had 15 points including two three-point field goals and added eight rebounds, six assists and two steals. INSIDE THE ARENA:  In honor of the birthday of Martin Luther King and the 25th anniversary of the holiday honoring him, the Bobcats had a halftime recitation of the I Had a Dream Speech. ROOKIE WATCH:  New Orleans'  Quincy Pondexter  was the only rookie to see action tonight. He scored three points, grabbed two rebounds and had two assists.  Sherron Collins  was a DNP-CD for the Bobcats. NOTABLE:  Charlotte's  Kwame Brown  recorded his first double-double of the season. It was his fifth game with double-figure scoring and third with double figure rebounds. He tied his season highs in points (12) and rebounds (14). It was the 33rd game of the season for Jackson in double figures while Wallace had his 23rd such game. Charlotte guard  D.J. Augustin  has been in double figures in each of the 10 games since  Paul Silas  was hired as interim head coach. The Hornets are 16-1 when holding opponents under 90 points and 21-3 when outshooting them from the floor. New Orleans has won four straight and nine of their last 13 outings. Okafor has 10 double-doubles in his last 14 games for the Hornets. UP NEXT:  For the Hornets, Monday vs. Toronto, Wednesday vs. Memphis and Friday @ Atlanta. For the Bobcats, Monday @ Philadelphia, Tuesday @ Chicago and Thursday vs. Philadelphia.  