Notebook: Knicks 100, Spurs 83 
 
 
 Mike Slane, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Thu Jan 03, 2013 11:00 PM - Updated Thu Jan 03, 2013 11:00 PM 
 
 THE FACTS: Mike Woodson  asked his players to tighten up defensively, and the New York Knicks certainly responded against the high-scoring San Antonio Spurs. 
 
 Carmelo Anthony  scored 23 points and  J.R. Smith  added 20 as the Knicks pulled away in the second half for a 100-83 victory over a fatigued San Antonio squad, snapping a two-game skid while ending the Spurs' season-high seven-game winning streak. 
 New York held the Spurs' star duo of  Tim Duncan  and  Tony Parker  to a combined 22 points and San Antonio shot a dismal 36.4 percent from the field on the second night of a back-to-back on the road. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I thought New York's defense was great tonight. They came out in the third quarter and made shots. We were a little low on fuel. They played well and kicked our butt." --  San Antonio head coach  Gregg Popovich . 
 
 
 THE STAT:  San Antonio may be one of the hottest offensive teams in the league this season, but the Knicks were able to slow it down for at least a night. The Spurs failed to reach 100 points for the first time in seven games as they shot just 22-for-77 from the field. They had averaged 111.7 points while shooting 53.4 percent during their seven-game winning streak. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Although the Knicks led from late in the first quarter on, the Spurs kept things close until the end of the third when New York began a 10-0 run. Smith put the icing on the cake with an incredible one-handed alley-oop dunk off a feed from  Pablo Prigloni  followed by a  Steve Novak  3-pointer to give the Knicks a 23-point advantage with 5:13 left to play. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We played great tonight. We beat a damn good ball club. It took a team effort for 48 minutes. That team will never beat themselves, so we did pretty good tonight." --  Woodson. 
 
 
 WHO'S HOT:  Prigioni, the Knicks' rookie guard, matched a career high with nine assists while playing 27 minutes. His solid showing allowed the aging  Jason Kidd  to rest while starting point guard  Raymond Felton  is out with a fractured finger. 
 
 WHO'S NOT:  The Spurs' bench didn't provide much help as it shot 12-for-38 from the field.  Gary Neal  scored 12 on 3-for-11 shooting,  Manu Ginobili  had eight on 2-for-10 shooting and  Matt Bonner  missed all six of his attempts. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "It was great to see (Prigioni) play like that, taking over a team. And even though he's not a scorer, he can find the open teammates all over the court. He does that great. I know him very well and it's great to see him confident and managing possessions and feeding different players. That's what he does best." --  Ginobili on fellow Argentine Prigioni. 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  For the second straight game since returning from a knee procedure in October,  Amare Stoudemire  received a loud ovation from the Garden crowd when he replaced  Marcus Camby  with 6:30 left in the first quarter. The veteran forward went on to score 10 points and grab a pair of rebounds in 21 minutes. 
 
 
 QUOTABLE IV:  "Amare didn't ask to get hurt. He's done everything possible to get back out on the floor to play basketball and to help this team win. I think he made another step tonight. His minutes increased a little bit. He did some nice things out on the floor. I think he's going to help us more down the road as we continue this journey." --  Woodson. 
 
 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  Spurs guard  Stephen Jackson  left the game with a sprained right ankle early in the first quarter after tripping over a waitress who was crouched in front of New York City Mayor  Michael Bloomberg's  courtside seat. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Saturday @ Orlando, Monday vs. Boston, Thursday @ Indiana. For the Spurs, Saturday vs. Philadelphia, Monday @ New Orleans, Wednesday vs. L.A. Lakers. 
