Notebook: Knicks 110, Raptors 84 
 
 
 Joshua Newman, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Mar 23, 2013 11:35 PM - Updated Sun Mar 24, 2013 12:11 AM 
 
 THE FACTS :  Carmelo Anthony  led three players in double figures with a game-high 28 points,  Kenyon Martin  turned in another strong performance on both ends of the floor and the New York Knicks registered their fourth straight win following four straight losses, 110-84 over the Toronto Raptors at Madison Square Garden on Saturday evening.  
 Martin continued to flourish in the starting lineup for the Knicks (42-26), finishing with 18 points, seven rebounds and two blocks in 27 minutes.  J.R. Smith  came off the bench to score 25 points on 9-for-16 shooting from the field and 7-for-8 from the foul line.  
 For the Raptors (26-44),  DeMar DeRozan  led five players in double figures with a team-high 17 points.  
 
 QUOTABLE : "He's so active around the rim, offensively, in terms of putbacks and he's always been a good pick-and-roll player. That is a plus for us the way we play. He is a major plus for our ball club." 
 -- Knicks coach  Mike Woodson  on Martin 
 
 THE STAT : Having outshot (51.9 percent against 44.7 percent) and outrebounded (44-35) the Raptors, the Knicks are now 14-2 in games in which they outdo the opposition in both categories. With the Knicks' frontcourt ravaged by injury, the fact they are outrebounding an opponent is encouraging. Anthony had eight rebounds and Martin had seven as five Knicks registered at least five.  
 
 TURNING POINT :  What was a just a five-point game with 2:10 to play in the first half quickly turned into a rout. The Knicks closing the half on a 9-2 run for a 59-47 lead at halftime. A 12-foot jumper and a 13-foot jumper from Anthony on consecutive possessions opened the run, five straight points from Martin closed it and a vicious block by Martin of a  John Lucas III  jump shot with 35.1 seconds to play highlighted it. That 12-point lead would grow to as many as 27 late in the fourth quarter. 
 
 HOT :  It almost seems cliché to put Anthony in this spot, but it is warranted thanks to his recent play. Since coming back from a right knee injury on Wednesday, the Knicks' star small forward is averaging 28.7 points and shooting 46.8 percent from the floor over his last three games, all Knicks wins. Those numbers are above his season averages of 27.6 points and 43.8 percent in 54 games entering the night.  
 
 NOT : Within a season-long struggle, Raptors shooting guard and ex-Knick  Landry Fields  struggled to get anything substantial going in four games against his former team this season. Saturday, he shot 3-for-6 from the field and finished with just seven points. For the season series, he averaged just 6.5 points while taking just 20 shots. Fields, who missed substantial time with an elbow injury earlier this season, entered the night averaging just 4.8 points per game on the season. 
 
 NOTABLE :  Anthony was hit with a Flagrant-1 early in the third quarter when he shoved Fields after he thought his former teammate took a cheap shot by leading with his shoulder into his abdomen. The officials reviewed Anthony's shove and upheld the Flagrant-1 call. Fields, who was drafted 39th overall by the Knicks in the 2010 NBA Draft before leaving for Toronto via free agency last summer, made 1 of his 2 free throws after the foul call. Fields flourished with the Knicks upon his arrival, but once the Knicks acquired Anthony at the 2011 trade deadline, his numbers and playing time dipped. Once gone to Toronto, Fields conceded that his confidence also took a hit once Anthony came aboard.  
 
 QUOTABLE II : "It's just a reaction, man. I don't think it was on purpose. It was just a reaction." 
 -- Carmelo Anthony on Fields and the flagrant foul 
 
 QUOTABLE III : "That is how I play basketball. I try to provide more energy and do what I can. The fans appreciate what I do. It is always great to hear it from the fans. They love their Knicks." 
 -- Kenyon Martin, who had fans chanting his name towards the end of his strong second quarter 
 
 NOTABLE II : Before starting lineups were announced, rookie forward  Chris Copeland  made his way to center court and led the Garden crowd in singing "Happy Birthday" to  Jason Kidd , who turned 40 on Saturday. Kidd, in his 19th season in the NBA, isn't even the oldest player on the roster. That distinction belongs to  Kurt Thomas , who is older than Kidd by almost six months.  
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA : Olivia Wilde, Jason Sudeikis, Steve Schirripa and Sports Illustrated swimsuit model Jessica White were on hand. 
 
 UP NEXT : For the Knicks, Tuesday @ Celtics, Wednesday vs. Grizzlies, Friday vs. Bobcats. For the Raptors, Wednesday vs. Hawks, Friday @ Pistons, Sunday @ Wizards. 
