Notebook: Kings 110, Rockets 106 
 
 
 Matt Miller, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Dec 31, 2013 11:17 PM - Updated Tue Dec 31, 2013 11:17 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  With Tuesday's loss to the Sacramento Kings, the Houston Rockets fell to 3-3 this season against Western Conference teams that currently sit in last place of their respective divisions.  
 
 THE LEAD:   Rudy Gay  scored 25 points and grabbed six rebounds, and  DeMarcus Cousins  finished with 17 points and 16 boards after sparking a late rally that lifted the Kings to a 110-106 victory over the Rockets on Tuesday at Toyota Center. Three other players scored in double figures for Sacramento (10-20), which has won three of its last five games, including Isaiah Thomas (17 points, 10 assists).  
 
 James Harden  posted season highs of 38 points and 10 rebounds to lead Houston (21-13), which has lost two games in a row and dropped to 1-4 this season against the clubs that held the three worst winning percentages in the West entering Tuesday -- the Lakers, Jazz and Kings.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "It just shows our improvement, and the crazy thing is we have so much more to improve on. ... We were just saying we were in that situation 48 hours ago [in a close loss at San Antonio], so for us to come back and improve in just that one game, it shows a lot." 
 -- Cousins 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Rockets center  Dwight Howard  terrorized the Kings in the paint with Cousins watching from the bench due to foul trouble during the second quarter, netting 13 points on 5-for-6 shooting. But when Cousins returned with fouls to spare and spent the entire second half on the court, he turned Howard into a complete non-factor. The 6-foot-10 center racked up more fouls (three) than points (two) and attempted only two shots in the final two periods. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Cousins produced the biggest plays of the game on both ends of the floor for Sacramento as it closed the game on a 9-2 run. On offense, Cousins converted a reverse lay-in off a baseline drive and a put-back off a  Ben McLemore  miss. Cousins also delivered defensively on back-to-back possessions in the final minute, stealing the ball from Harden to jump-start a fast break before establishing near-perfect position to draw a charge on Houston's top scorer. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "For the life of me, it's hard to put your finger on it. ... We just didn't seem to have any pop and ... our pop is coming and going. ... We've got to have five or six guys playing with that pop, not one or two." 
 -- Houston coach  Kevin McHale 
 
 
 HOT:  Harden ignited the Rockets' offense at the start of the second half, pouring in 16 of Houston's first 22 points in the third quarter on 4-for-6 shooing. The 6-foot-5 guard also used his crafty ball-handling and body positioning to earn seven free-throw attempts during that stretch.  
 
 NOT:  Gay had the hot hand for Sacramento in the opening half, as the eighth-year wing scored a team-high 17 points on 6-for-9 shooting. Gay could not carry that rhythm over to the second half, however, as he connected on only three of 10 shot attempts.  
 
 BAD MOVE:  For all the offense Harden provided, his lackadaisical approach on defense hampered his team severely again Tuesday. Harden took several questionable risks and was caught ball-watching too often, allowing his man to sneak behind him for easy baskets on back-door cuts. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "It's just so frustrating. It's not like we don't like each other, but we play selfish sometimes, or it probably looks that way from the outside. ... We just have to play more unselfish, offensively and defensively." 
 -- Rockets forward  Chandler Parsons 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  Rockets officials said reserve center  Greg Smith  could return to practice as soon as Thursday and be cleared to play in Friday's matchup with the Knicks. Smith, who re-aggravated a right knee sprain he suffered in November during Houston's win at Detroit on Dec. 21, missed his sixth straight game Tuesday. ... Kings big man  Jason Thompson  picked up a technical foul in the third quarter for arguing with an official after he was whistled for his fourth foul of the contest. ... Thomas extended his streak of consecutive games with a made 3-pointer to 24. ... The Kings have scored at least 100 points in 13 of their last 14 games. ...  Gay has scored at least 20 in seven of 10 games since joining Sacramento. ... The Kings won for the first time this season (1-7) when they score fewer points in the paint than their opponent. ... Sacramento's reserves outscored Houston's bench 30-14 one game after the Kings' backups were outscored 53-12 in San Antonio. ... The Rockets have connected on just 23.6 percent (25-for-106) of their 3-point attempts over their last four games and shot a league-worst 29.9 percent (123-for-412) in December. ... Houston has shot a dismal 59.4 percent (38-for-64) from the free-throw line over its last two games.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Kings: Thursday vs. Philadelphia, Saturday vs. Charlotte, Tuesday vs. Portland. For the Rockets: Friday vs. New York, Jan. 8 vs. L.A. Lakers, Jan. 10 @ Atlanta. 
