  Kings-Clippers notebook   By Dan Arritt, for NBA.com Posted Friday November 26, 2010 2:19AM THE FACTS:  The Los Angeles Clippers accomplished a feat Thursday night they hadn't since last February, winning two games in a row. They got there with a 100-82 victory against the Sacramento Kings at Staples Center. QUOTABLE:  "Earlier in the season we were taking too many 3s, now we've started taking it to the hole."   -- Clippers guard  Eric Gordon . THE STAT:  For the 10th time in the last 11 games, Gordon has scored more than 20 points. He averaged 16.9 points last season, but came in averaging 23.6, tied for seventh in the league with  LeBron James . TURNING POINT:  Sacramento didn't have any big men that could guard rookie forward  Blake Griffin  and third-year center  DeAndre Jordan . Sacramento center  Samuel Dalembert  was whistled for his second foul with 6:01 remaining in the opening quarter. Dalembert was replaced by rookie  DeMarcus Cousins  and the Clippers continued on an 11-0 run for a 19-15 lead they never relinquished. Dalembert finished with two points in 10 minutes. Cousins had seven points in 27 minutes, and Los Angeles outscored the Kings by 26 points while he was on the floor. QUOTE II:  "Tonight was a big step backwards for us."   -- Sacramento coach  Paul Westphal . HOT:  The Clippers received a rare opportunity to play in a nationally televised game, and Griffin showed the rest of the country what they've been missing, totaling 25 points, 15 rebounds, five assists and a couple more highlight-reel dunks. He came in leading the NBA in slam dunks with 30.  Luther Head  had a season-high 15 points for Sacramento. NOT:   Tyreke Evans , last season's NBA Rookie of the Year, continued his cold shooting. Evans scored eight points on 3-for-11 shooting. He came in shooting just 37.8 percent in his last seven games (43-for-111). Evans missed his first eight field-goal attempts. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:   Carl Landry  was one of the few Kings who played well. He finished with 18 points on 7-for-11 shooting. He scored 15 in the first half to surpass his season average of 14.1. GOOD MOVE:  Sacramento had cut the deficit to one in the opening minute of the second half. Griffin went right back after Dalembert on a dribble drive, drawing Dalembert's fourth foul and sending him to the bench for the rest of the quarter. The Clippers went on to outscore the Kings 30-16 the next 11 minutes. BAD MOVE:  The Kings twice left Griffin alone on pick-and-rolls and he made them pay with powerful dunks that sparked the Clippers and the crowd. ROOKIE WATCH:  The Clippers started three rookies for fifth time this season and are now 2-3 with first-year players Griffin,  Eric Bledsoe  and  Al-Farouq Aminu  in the starting lineup. Aminu finished with 12 points and Bledsoe had six points and five assists. NOTABLE:  The Kings had won three straight and six of last seven against the Clippers. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Friday @ Phoenix, Sunday vs. Utah, Wednesday vs. San Antonio. For the Kings, Saturday vs. Chicago, Tuesday vs. Indiana, Friday @ Lakers.  