Notebook: Lakers 106, Pistons 102 
 
 
 Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Nov 30, 2013 12:22 AM - Updated Sat Nov 30, 2013 12:22 AM 
 
 THE FACT : The Pistons, who were second only to Houston in points in the paint with a 49.5 per game average, lost despite a 76-28 advantage in points in the paint. They didn't have an outside basket until  Greg Monroe's  16-footer with 6:57 remaining in the third quarter.  
 
 THE LEAD:  Forward  Wesley Johnson  scored 27 points and the Los Angeles Lakers erased an eight-point deficit in the final 4:02 to secure a 106-102 victory over the Detroit Pistons on Friday night at The Palace. 
 Forward  Shawne Williams  had 20 points and nine rebounds off the bench while guard  Jordan Farmar  and center  Pau Gasol  had 13 points apiece for the Lakers, who have won five of their last six games. Guard  Rodney Stuckey  led Detroit with 22 points. Forward Monroe and guard  Brandon Jennings  added 19 points apiece. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I'm the Defensive Player of the Year now. It goes down in the books. Hopefully, I can see this on my little highlight reel coming into the game, when they announce my name. I need to see that charge on my highlight reel." --  Lakers guard  Nick Young , known for being an offensive specialist, on taking a charge against Josh Smith with 2.7 seconds left to preserve the victory. 
 
 
 THE STAT:  12. Ranked last in free throw percentage, the Pistons continued to self-destruct at the free throw line by missing 12 of 25 attempts. They clanked seven in the first quarter alone but the biggest misses came from one of their usually reliable foul shooters, Jennings. Fouled on a 3-point try with his team trailing by three, Jennings made just one with 16.7 seconds left. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Pistons appeared to be in good shape when Jennings made three straight layups to give them a 99-91 lead. Farmar then sparked the Lakers' comeback with five consecutive points. Williams hit a corner 3-pointer to tie it before Farmar's go-ahead 20-footer and Young's layup to finish off a 12-0 run and put the Lakers on top, 103-99. 
 
 HOT:  Stuckey, the Eastern Conference's top scoring reserve, continued his torrid pace by leading the Pistons in scoring for the fourth consecutive game. He made 8 of 17 field-goal tries and 6 of 9 free throws while adding two assists.  
 
 NOT:  Los Angeles' starting guard duo of  Jodie Meeks  and  Steve Blake  scored a combined 12 points and Blake also made five turnovers. Neither played in the fourth quarter when their club rallied. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I think we rope-a-doped today. They got so tired of beating us up in there, they got tired."  --  Lakers coach  Mike D'Antoni  on Detroit's 76 points in the paint. 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  Pistons guard  Will Bynum  was out for the sixth time in eight games with a hamstring injury. He is scheduled to have an MRI this weekend. ... The Lakers waived rookie forward  Elias Harris  prior to the game, reducing their roster to 14 players. Harris only appeared in two games and did not score. ... Los Angeles has won 10 of the last 13 meetings. ... Johnson's point total was two off his career high. His six 3-pointers tied a career high. ... Detroit rookie guard  Peyton Siva  scored his first career basket. ... Pistons center  Andre Drummond  notched his Eastern Conference high 11th double-double with 13 points and 11 rebounds. ... Lakers forward  Jordan Hill , who posted career highs with 24 points and 17 rebounds in their 114-99 home victory over the Pistons on Nov. 17, was held to two points and left the game during the third quarter with a left ankle injury. 
 
 UP NEXT : For the Lakers, Sunday vs. Portland, Friday @ Sacramento, Sunday, Dec. 8 vs. Toronto. For the Pistons, Sunday vs. Philadelphia, Tuesday @ Miami., Wednesday @ Milwaukee. 
