  Notebook: Bulls 77, Raptors 64   By Kent McDill, for NBA.com Posted Saturday January 14, 2012 11:36PM THE FACTS:  Playing (and winning) their fifth game in six nights, the Chicago Bulls waited until the fourth quarter Saturday to put away the Toronto Raptors, who were also playing their fifth game in six nights.  Derrick Rose  had 18 points and 11 assists while  Carlos Boozer  had 17 points and 13 rebounds for the Bulls, who beat the Raptors 77-64 at the United Center.  Taj Gibson  and  John Lucas III , both bench players, scored 17 of the Bulls' 21 points in the fourth quarter to lift the Bulls to their fifth straight victory.  DeMar DeRozan  and  Leandro Barbosa  each had 15 points for the Raptors, who dropped their fourth straight game. QUOTABLE:  "With this team, you never know who is going to step up."   -- Rose, talking about the fourth quarter contributions of Gibson and Lucas. THE STAT:  In 22 minutes, Gibson had 11 points and 12 rebounds for the Bulls. Gibson, Boozer and  Joakim Noah  combined for 37 of the Bulls' 52 rebounds. THE STAT II:  At halftime, with the score tied 37-37, both teams were 18 for 43 from the field. They both had 26 rebounds, and two team rebounds. They each had eight assists and three turnovers. TURNING POINT:  With 5:22 left in the third quarter and the Bulls leading 48-46, the Bulls came out with a passionate defensive effort and took charge. Then they scored the first seven points of the fourth quarter to build a 63-52 lead which the Raptors could not slice. INJURY UPDATE:   Richard Hamilton  (groin) and  C.J. Watson  (elbow) remained out for the Bulls on Saturday, although Watson believes he will be able to play Monday at Memphis.  Andrea Bargnani  (calf) and  Jerryd Bayless  (ankle) remained out for the Raptors. Forward  James Johnson  sprained his right ankle in the second half and left the game. HOT:  Former Bull  James Johnson  was six for 11 from the field off the bench for the Raptors before leaving the game with a sprained ankle at the end of the third quarter. QUOTABLE II:  "We have had one practice since Christmas."   -- Bulls coach  Tom Thibodeau . GOOD MOVE:  Thibodeau simply does not operate the way other NBA coaches do when it comes to player rotations. He played Lucas with Rose for the entire fourth quarter, and played the final 7:55 without a true center as the Bulls pulled away with the victory. NOTABLE:  There were four free throws attempted in the game's first minute, two by each team ( Luol Deng  for the Bulls,  Ed Davis  for the Raptors). They were all missed.  Leandro Barbosa  of Toronto missed the next free throw attempt of the game early in the second quarter. Midway through the second quarter, Deng again missed, putting the game at 0-for-6 from the line at halftime. The first made free throw came at the 9:41 mark of the third quarter by Bulls forward Boozer. The Raptors finished the game one-for-seven from the line. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, @ Memphis Monday, vs. Suns Tuesday, @ Cavaliers Friday. For the Raptors, @ Hawks Monday, at Celtics Wednesday, vs. Trail Blazers Friday.  