Notebook: Hornets 107, Bobcats 99 
 
 
 Bradley Handwerger, For NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Nov 10, 2012 12:02 AM - Updated Sat Nov 10, 2012 12:04 AM 
 
 THE FACTS:  New Orleans Hornets forward  Anthony Davis  didn't miss a beat in his return from a concussion, recording his first career double-double to pace his team to a 107-99 win over the Charlotte Bobcats on Friday night. 
 Davis, who missed New Orleans' games against Chicago and Philadelphia because of a mild concussion sustained when teammate  Austin Rivers  accidentally elbowed him a week earlier, scored 23 points and grabbed 11 rebounds. Both were career highs for the rookie. 
 New Orleans won in spite of allowing Charlotte to shoot 48.2 percent and score 25 second-chance points. Charlotte's  Ben Gordon  led all scorers with 34 points, but the Bobcats' lack of defense didn't back him up. 
 The Hornets shot 51.8 percent and scored 46 points in the paint, an area where Charlotte missed  Brendan Haywood , who was excused from the game to deal with a family emergency. 
 Davis, though, was the story. 
  After a first-half altercation ended in a Flagrant 1 on Charlotte's  Byron Mullens  and a technical foul on Davis, the rookie got going. He scored six of the next eight points for the Hornets as the first half came to a close. He scored 18 of his 23 points after the scuffle by becoming more aggressive on the floor. 
 
 QUOTABLE:   "We were out here having fun. This is what we do. This is what we love to do. No beef or nothing."  
 --The Hornets' Davis when asked about the altercation with Mullens. 
 
 THE STAT:  Nine. Charlotte came into Friday night's game as one of the best in the league at forcing turnovers but, against the Hornets, the Bobcats couldn't force New Orleans into poor control of the ball. A game after the Hornets recorded 24 turnovers, they had only nine, nearly eight below what Charlotte was forcing going into the game.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  Charlotte had cut into New Orleans' 10-point halftime lead in the opening four minutes of the third quarter. Then, Davis took over. The rookie  went on a 9-0 run by himself during the next 2½ minutes. First, he finished an alley-oop from  Greivis Vasquez . He then hit two straight jumpers before hitting a layup and a free throw. The 12-point lead proved enough cushion for New Orleans. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "He plays a lot more aggressive, and with a lot more intensity when he gets angry, or when his emotions take over like that. So he got kind of mad, a little heated over the situation, and he pretty much dominated the game from then on out. ... I've seen him do it before at Kentucky, many times." -- Hornets guard  Darius Miller  on Davis. 
 
 HOT:  Charlotte's Gordon gave the Bobcats a chance off the bench thanks to a stellar night shooting. The reserve guard put up a game-high 34 points on 14-for-21 shooting. He added four assists and six rebounds in the loss. 
 
 NOT : The Bobcats' Mullens didn't give Charlotte a lot from his starting spot Friday. In 25 minutes, he scored only five points on 2-for-9 shooting and recorded only three rebounds.  
 
 NOTABLE:  With seven blocked shots against Charlotte, the Hornets now have 35 on the season, tying the franchise record for most through the first five games. ... Charlotte's 48.2 percent shooting is the highest allowed by New Orleans this season. ... The Hornets had 29 assists, a season high. It's also 26.6 percent of their assist total for the year. ... New Orleans now has five days before its next game while Charlotte has the second of a back-to-back against Dallas, which it lost to by 27 points already this season. 
 UP NEXT: For the Hornets, Wednesday @ Houston, Friday vs. Oklahoma City, Saturday @ Milwaukee. For the Bobcats, Saturday vs. Dallas, Tuesday vs. Washington, Wednesday @ Minnesota. 
