Notebook: Bucks 97, Nets 88 
 
 
 Jake Appleman, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Dec 09, 2012 9:42 PM - Updated Sun Dec 09, 2012 9:42 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:  Even when they weren't careless with the ball (22 turnovers), the Nets handled it like a hot potato. They blew assignments on defense and shot very poorly on offense (under 32-percent heading into the fourth quarter).  Brandon Jennings  and  Monta Ellis  made a living off of the idea that speed kills, combining for 50 points. It all added up to the most uninspired three quarters of the Nets' season, and a 97-88 loss to the Bucks after an excellent fourth quarter made the final score more respectable. The Nets have now lost a season-high four straight games.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "Playing one of the best point guards, like  Deron Williams , you can't let him get into his comfort zone. My job tonight was to pressure him as much as I could."  --  Jennings, who finished with five steals and helped hold Williams to 8-19 shooting from the field, including 1-7 from distance.  
 
 
 THE STAT:   The Nets went more than seven minutes minutes without a field goal, spanning the end of the 2nd and the early part of the 3rd quarter.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  Up 17 at intermission, the Bucks put the Nets in an even deeper hole early in the third quarter with a 9-2 run, increasing the difficulty of the Nets' comeback.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We made a push at the end, but there wasn't enough time."  --  Kris Humphries   
 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA: Willie Randolph , who has managed MLB teams in New York and Milwaukee, attended the game. ... Fans booed, an unusual occurrence at Barclays Center, after the Bucks took a 22-point lead early in the third quarter. They booed some more when the lead increased to as much as 29.   
 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  New York native  Doron Lamb  scored six points and grabbed 2 rebounds in 14 minutes of action.  
 
 NOTABLE: Reggie Evans  got his first start of the season and the Nets, who have excelled with  Reggie Evans  and  Andray Blatche  on the court together, comfortably jumped out to a 11-2 lead before the Bucks outscored them 23-7 to end the quarter. ... A massive paint presence, the Bucks'  Larry Sanders  blocked four shots. ...  Joe Johnson  did not record his first field goal until early in the fourth quarter. ... Down 20 early in the fourth quarter,  Gerald Wallace  (16 points, 16 rebounds) went hurdling over -- and into -- some courtside spectators. He immediately got up and resumed playing. ... Thrust back into the rotation in the second half,  MarShon Brooks  sparked the Nets, scoring 14 points, needing only five field goal attempts and five free throw attempts to do so. ... The Nets lost for the first time in nine tries when Evans plays over 20 minutes and their 31 first half points were a season low.    
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Bucks, Wednesday vs. Sacramento, Friday @ Cleveland, Saturday vs. LA Clippers. For the Nets, Tuesday vs. New York, Wednesday @ Toronto, Friday vs. Detroit.    
