  Bobcats-Bulls notebook   By Kent McDill, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday January 18, 2011 11:21PM THE FACTS:  Led by strong inside play, the Charlotte Bobcats defeated the Bulls for the second time in one week, 83-82, at the United Center Tuesday.  D.J. Augustin  led four Bobcats in double figures with 15 points in the very low-scoring affair.  Gerald Wallace  had 13 points and 16 rebounds in a game in which neither team led by more than six points at any point.  Derrick Rose  had 33 points as one of only three Bulls in double figures, as the Bulls shot 39 percent from the field. THE FACTS II:  Referee  Ed Malloy  reversed his own decision after a videotape review and gave the Bulls the ball out of bounds with eight seconds left, trailing by one point. The Bulls had two shots to win, the first a layup attempt by  Kyle Korver  blocked by former Bull  Tyrus Thomas  and the second was a last-second shot by  Derrick Rose  that was off the front of the rim. QUOTABLE:  "The way we played tonight is not the way we are supposed to play."    -- Derrick Rose. THE STAT:  Bulls forward  Taj Gibson , starting in place of injured forward  Carlos Boozer , had nine points, nine rebounds and six blocked shots in almost 47 minutes of action. THE STAT II:  The Bobcats had nine offensive rebounds and 11 second-chance points in the second half after losing the first-half rebounding battle 25-16. TURNING POINT:  In the third quarter, the Bulls finally forged a six-point lead, 57-51, by scoring 10 straight points but the Bobcats came back to regain the lead later in the quarter thanks in part to three layups by Augustin. HOT:  Charlotte's defense was the difference, with nine steals and holding the Bulls to 39 percent shooting. NOT:   Luol Deng , who had 28 points against Memphis Monday afternoon, was 2-for-11 from the field Tuesday for 10 points for the Bulls. QUOTABLE II:  "In crucial situations, we got nice lay-ups and three-point plays."    -- Charlotte coach  Paul Silas , describing the key to the fourth quarter. GOOD MOVE:  With three minutes remaining, Wallace twisted his ankle on a rebound collision with the Bulls'  Ronnie Brewer , and Wallace rolled around in pain. He was called for a technical foul on the play, and the Bulls took a two-point lead on the free throw. Wallace stayed in the game and scored the next six Charlotte points. BAD MOVE:  With the teams exchanging baskets and the lead into the final minute, Brewer had the ball under the Bulls' basket and could have gone up for an easy shot but instead kicked it out to Deng for a 3-pointer, which he missed. The Bobcats made two free throws with 36 seconds left to build a three-point lead. NOTABLE:  The loss ended the Bulls' eight-game home winning streak. The Bulls play the next five games at home. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, vs. Dallas Thursday, vs. Cleveland Saturday, vs. Milwaukee Monday. For the Bobcats, vs. Philadelphia Thursday, vs. Atlanta Saturday, at Sacramento Tuesday.  