  Notebook: Lakers 91, Nets 87 Posted Wednesday April 4, 2012 1:57AM By Dan Arritt, for NBA.com    THE FACTS:  Without one of the top big men in the league, the Lakers needed to look elsewhere for offensive production Tuesday night. They found just enough.  Kobe Bryant  sank a long 3-pointer that bounced around the rim with 6.8 seconds remaining before settling in the net to give the Lakers a four-point lead, and they held on for the 91-87 victory against the Nets at Staples Center. QUOTABLE:  "It was just one of those shots, I guess. The basketball gods were with us."   -- Bryant on his final shot. THE STAT:  With All-Star center  Andrew Bynum  sidelined with a sprained left ankle suffered Sunday against the Warriors, the remaining core players needed to step up for the Lakers and they did. Bryant finished with 24 points,  Pau Gasol  had 22 points and 12 rebounds and  Ramon Sessions  contributed 19 points and 11 assists to account for 71.4 percent of L.A.'s offense. TURNING POINT:  The Nets seemed down for the count after the Lakers led by as many as 17 points in the third quarter, but they chipped away and got the deficit down to eight with just under four minutes remaining in the game. That's when New Jersey point guard  Deron Williams  took over, assisting on a basket by  Kris Humphries , draining a deep 3-pointer and then assisting on a layup by  Gerald Wallace . Following a layup by  Metta World Peace  that briefly pushed the lead back to three, Williams sank an even longer 3-pointer to get the Nets even with 1:29 remaining, the first time they hadn't trailed since the opening tip. The key play came with 10.8 seconds remaining and the Lakers leading by a point. Sessions tried to pass to  Matt Barnes  in the middle and the ball went out of bounds. Possession was originally granted to the Nets, but after a video review the ball was awarded back to the Lakers. With just three seconds on the shot clock, Barnes in-bounded the ball from under his basket to Bryant at the top of the 3-point line and he sank a 26-footer to give the Lakers their final four-point lead. HOT:  The Lakers could hardly miss early on, sinking 10 of their first 12 field-goal attempts and shooting 15-for-20 overall in the opening quarter, helping them surge to a 32-23 lead. They were still shooting 65.8 percent at the half, swelling their lead to 13. NOT:  Williams missed his first six shots for the Nets, including an uncontested layup late in the first quarter and a free throw following a technical foul early in the third. His late push allowed him to finish 6-for-15 with a team-high 20 points, but he's now a combined 14-for-45 in the last three games. QUOTABLE II:  "We didn't have a good first quarter but look at the defense we played in the second half, and especially in the fourth quarter ... Normally, those balls like [Bryant's] will bounce out. Unfortunately for us, it bounced in."   -- Nets coach  Avery Johnson GOOD MOVE:  Lakers forward  Josh McRoberts  moved into the starting lineup in place of Bynum. He didn't do much, however, finishing with four points and five rebounds in 29 minutes. He did make one of the more spectacular shots of the game, spinning and shooting a long two-point shot that rattled through the rim to beat the first-quarter buzzer. BAD MOVE:  The Lakers really should have put the Nets away in the third quarter and given their starters a breather heading into Wednesday's huge game against the Clippers. However, they couldn't sustain their hot streak and missed 17 of 22 field-goal attempts from late in the third until Bryant's game-winner. NOTABLE:  Nets guard  Gerald Green  was signed by the Lakers on Dec. 13, but waived nine days later. New Jersey signed him to his first 10-day contract on Feb. 27 and then for the season on March 18. He seemed to have something to prove, scoring 13 points in his first eight minutes on the floor before going scoreless the next 19. UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Wednesday @ L.A. Clippers, Friday vs. Houston, Saturday @ Phoenix. For the Nets, Wednesday @ Portland, Friday vs. Washington, Sunday vs. Cleveland.  