  Notebook: Timberwolves 88, Bobcats 83 Posted Wednesday March 28, 2012 10:41PM By Derek S. Smith, for NBA.com THE FACTS:   Kevin Love  continued his torrid March with a 40-point, 19-rebound performance as his Minnesota Timberwolves downed the Charlotte Bobcats 88-83 Wednesday night at Time Warner Cable Arena.  Corey Maggette  led the Bobcats with 22 points QUOTABLE:  "This was a big win for us tonight especially after last night. We came out tonight and played a tough Charlotte squad. They hung tight for three quarters and we took care of things in the fourth. It was definitely an important one for us."  --  Minnesota forward Love THE STAT:  Extra chances. Minnesota took advantage of their opportunities Wednesday. The Timberwolves grabbed 13 offensive rebounds compared to just six for Charlotte and converted them into 23 points while Charlotte generated only six points. The Timberwolves also had a 50-38 edge on the glass over the Bobcats. TURNING POINT:  All Love all the time. Minnesota set the tone to start the fourth quarter with back-to-back threes from Love. That pushed the Timberwolves lead from 68-65 to 74-65 and squashed most of Charlotte's momentum. QUOTABLE II:  "The guys are really doing a good job of setting me up out there. I've gotten into a great rhythm right now. When you've got that rhythm out there it makes things pretty easy. It's been great."   -- Love HOT:  Love led both teams with his 40 points and 19 rebounds and has been on a hot streak. He's averaging 31.3 points, 14.1 rebounds and 2.0 assists while making 47.3 percent of his shots and 45.1 percent of his threes. NOT:   D.J. Augustin.  The Charlotte starting point guard was scoreless on 0-for-4 shooting and registered eight assists against Minnesota Tuesday night. Augustin has not scored in double figures in the previous five games and his 3.4 points per game over that stretch is well below his season average of 11.6 points per game. He is just 5-of-26 from the floor in that stretch. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:   Luke Ridnour  had a quality night for the Timberwolves. Ridnour was 6-of-13 from the floor for 15 points, grabbed four rebounds, pocketed two steals and dished out 14 assists while committing just two turnovers. This is the fourth double-double this month for Ridnour who is had benefitted from the great play from Love. This month Ridnour's averages are 13.4 points and 6.8 rebounds. GOOD MOVE:  Point guard swap. The Bobcats put  Kemba Walker  in the lineup in the second half and mixed things up offensively. With Walker getting additional minutes the Bobcats offense seemed more energized. Walker scored 20 points and added four assists and three rebounds. NOTABLE:   Tyrus Thomas  was a late scratch for the Bobcats. He was questionable with bursitis in his elbow and was replaced in the stating lineup by  D.J. White  ...  Corey Maggette  scored 22 points and topped the 20-point plateau for the seventh time in the last 13 games ...  Gerald Henderson  scored 15 points which is his eight double-digit performance in the last nine games ...  Eduardo Najera  grabbed a season-high eight rebounds ... Love recorded his 44th double-double of the season. He has missed a double-double in just four games this season ...  Anthony Tolliver  scored 11 points and grabbed a season-high 11 rebounds for his first double-double of the season. UP NEXT:  For the Timberwolves, Friday vs. Boston, Sunday @ Portland, Monday @ Sacramento. For the Bobcats, Friday vs. Denver, Saturday @ Detroit, Tuesday @ Toronto.  