  Notebook: Suns 91, Clippers 87 Posted Friday March 16, 2012 2:09AM By Dan Arritt, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Playing without veteran starters  Steve Nash  and  Grant Hill , the Suns didn't deviate from their habit of making big-time comebacks this season, rallying from a 12-point deficit at the start of the fourth quarter Thursday night against the Clippers to win, 91-87, at Staples Center. QUOTABLE:  "We got an opportunity to start, me and  Shannon [Brown] . We got in and came out with a big win."   --Suns guard  Sebastian Telfair . THE STAT:  The Suns have now rallied back from seven double-digit deficits in the month of March and nine overall this season, second only to the Thunder (10). They came back from 11 points down in the final quarter to beat the Clippers at Staples Center on March 2, and 13 points down to beat the Timberwolves on Wednesday night. TURNING POINT:  After the Suns clawed back to tie the score, 84-84, on two free throws by  Jared Dudley  with 2:56 remaining, the teams traded leads until Brown was fouled driving to the basket and made two free throws for an 89-87 lead with 1:33 remaining. The Clippers then looked unorganized on their next possession, which culminated with  Mo Williams  throwing up a wild 3-point attempt to beat the shot clock. The Clippers had another chance to tie the score, but  Chris Paul  was stripped by Telfair as he drove into the key with 34 seconds remaining. Brown then sealed the victory with two more free throws with 6.3 seconds left. HOT:  Brown started his second game of the season and made sure it was memorable, scoring a season-high 21 points, including seven in the fourth quarter. The Clippers shot 56 percent from the floor in the first quarter, continuing their momentum from the night before, when they shot 54.3 percent in a 96-82 win against the Hawks. Unfortunately, that didn't last. NOT:  As fluid as the Clippers looked in the opening quarter, they look rigid in the fourth, shooting 3-for-14 and committing six of their 12 turnovers. Phoenix center  Marcin Gortat , the team's leading scorer coming into the game at 16.2 points, missed all six of his field-goal attempts in the first half before finishing with eight points on 3-for-10 shooting. It's the second time in the last three games he has been held to single digits after scoring in double digits the previous 16. GOOD MOVE:  Phoenix coach  Alvin Gentry  gambled by resting Nash and Hill in the middle game of three in three nights. He rolled the dice again in the closing minutes, intentionally fouling  Blake Griffin  with 3:47 remaining and the Suns trailing by one. Griffin, a 55.4 percent free throw shooter coming into the game, made one of two.  DeAndre Jordan , a 47.8 percent free-throw shooter on the season, was also twice intentionally fouled down the stretch and he made three of four. BAD MOVE:  Gentry may have gotten the idea to send Griffin to the line after watching him shoot two consecutive air balls the night before against the Hawks, and again on his first attempt against Phoenix. Griffin, who finished with 25 points and eight rebounds, was also called for his eighth technical foul of the season for forcefully bouncing the basketball off a referee's midsection prior to an inbounds play. The Clippers only went to the free-throw line twice during the first three quarters and missed both attempts. They finished 5-for-12 from the stripe. QUOTABLE II:  "We're playing too much as individuals instead of as a team and you can't win like that. We compound our mistakes consistently and that makes it hard."   -- Clippers coach  Vinny Del Negro NOTABLE:  The Suns have beaten the Clippers in 13 of their last 14 meetings ... The Clippers held a closed-door meeting for more than an hour after the game ... The Clippers had just two turnovers in the first half, matching their season low ... The Clippers will play 20 games in March, the first team in 45 years to play that many in a single month ... Paul finished with 10 points, seven rebounds and 11 assists. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Saturday vs. Houston, Sunday vs. Detroit, Tuesday @ Indiana. For the Suns, Friday vs. Detroit, Sunday vs. Houston, Tuesday @ Miami.  