  Pistons-Lakers notebook   By Dan Arritt, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday January 5, 2011 1:43AM THE FACTS:  The Los Angeles Lakers got back to playing championship-caliber basketball Tuesday night and ran away from the Detroit Pistons in the second half to win 108-83 at Staples Center. QUOTABLE:  "We talked about taking good shots and getting good, quality possessions."   -- Lakers coach  Phil Jackson . THE STAT:  The Lakers equaled their season low with six turnovers, while the Pistons committed a season-high 19. The Lakers had 20 turnovers in a 104-85 loss Sunday against Memphis, prompting the crowd to boo with disapproval. TURNING POINT:  Leading by three at the half after blowing an earlier 10-point lead, the Lakers opened the third quarter with a 16-2 run and Detroit never got back within single digits. QUOTABLE II:  "One game is not the end of this situation. We have a tough road game tomorrow [in Phoenix], we come back and play Friday and Sunday against some good opponents."   -- Phil Jackson HOT:  The Lakers' big men took control early and often.  Pau Gasol  finished with a team-high 21 points on 7-for-11 shooting,  Andrew Bynum  was slowed by early foul trouble but still finished with 13 points on 6-for-6 shooting, and  Lamar Odom  came off the bench to score 16 points on 6-for-12 shooting and grab a team-high nine rebounds. NOT:   Kobe Bryant  couldn't buy a basket in the first quarter, missing all nine of his field-goal attempts. He finished with 17 points on 6-for-18 shooting, as well as a team-high eight assists and seven rebounds. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:   Tracy McGrady  continues to adjust to his newfound role as Detroit's starting point guard. He scored 14 points and handed out a team-high six assists, but also committed a team-high six turnovers. GOOD MOVE:  Bryant got the team involved early. Every player for Los Angeles took a shot before Bryant did, including a 3-pointer by  Ron Artest  for the Lakers' first points. Artest went scoreless for the first time this season in the loss against the Grizzlies. BAD MOVE:  The Lakers were whistled for four technical fouls, including three for defensive 3-second violations and the other in garbage time after  Luke Walton  made his first 3-pointer since Nov. 9, then appeared to taunt Detroit's bench. ROOKIE WATCH:  Detroit forward  Greg Monroe  had one of his better games as a pro, coming off the bench to match McGrady with a team-high 14 points and pulling down a team-high 11 rebounds. NOTABLE:  Bryant surpassed  Dominique Wilkins  for No. 10 on the all-time NBA scoring list with a driving lay up at the end of the 16-2 third-quarter run. He now has 26,671 points. Next up is  Oscar Robertson  at 26,710. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Actor  Tom Hanks , professional soccer player  David Beckham  and entertainer  Mario Lopez  were among those in attendance. UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Wednesday @ Phoenix, Friday vs. New Orleans, Sunday vs. New York. For the Pistons, Saturday vs. Philadelphia, Monday @ Chicago, Wednesday vs. Memphis.  