  Notebook: Mavericks 102, Jazz 96 Posted Sunday March 4, 2012 1:02AM By Dave Ivey, for NBA.com THE FACTS: Dirk Nowitzki  returned to All-Star form and  Lamar Odom  returned to the team, leading the Mavericks to a 102-96 victory Saturday against the Jazz in Dallas. The defending champs snapped a season-high four-game losing streak and beat Utah for the seventh straight time. Nowitzki, who averaged 17.3 points and shot just 38 percent (23-for-61) during the Mavericks' skid, scored a season-high 40 points on 14-for-21 shooting. It was his 17th career 40-point game and first since scoring 42 vs. Detroit on Nov. 23, 2010.  Jason Terry  added 22 points off the bench and Odom, who had not played with Dallas since Feb. 20 for personal reasons, had a nice all-around game with nine points, five rebounds, three assists and a season-high three blocks. Paul Millsap  scored 24 points and  Al Jefferson  posted a double-double with 11 points and a game-high 10 rebounds for Utah, which hasn't defeated Dallas since Feb. 1, 2010 in Salt Lake City. The Jazz owned the inside, outscoring the Mavericks 52-24 in the paint. Dallas dominated the perimeter game, however, going 10-for-23 from 3-point range (7-for-10 in the second half). QUOTABLE:  "I had a good rhythm tonight. I had not been really shooting the ball well, especially around 15 to 16 feet, which is usually my comfort zone. I just wanted to be aggressive and my teammates kept feeding me and that was great."   -- Nowitzki, who was 3-for-8 from behind the arc and 9-for-10 at the line. THE STAT:  The Jazz scored more points (41) in the fourth quarter than they did in the first half (36). Nowitzki outscored the other four Dallas starters 40-26. TURNING POINT:  Utah trailed by 23 early in the fourth quarter, but took advantage of some sloppy play by the Mavs (nine fourth-quarter turnovers) and made things interesting with a 19-4 run. The Jazz reduced the deficit to 93-88 with 1:41 left on Millsap's three-point play. After the teams traded turnovers, Terry received a nice lead pass from  Jason Kidd  and converted a critical layup with 54 seconds left. Nowitzki, Terry and Kidd then combined to go 7-for-8 at the line to clinch it. QUOTABLE II:  "They do a great job of getting him the ball. They run him in a lot of pick and rolls. They slip him out sometimes. They do a good job, especially with Terry on the ball, of stretching you out because he's capable of making shots, so you want to make sure you stop him. Then Dirk's spaced out and he's got his feet set looking at the basket. He's difficult."   -- Utah coach  Tyrone Corbin  on Nowitzki QUOTABLE III:  "It's by far the most energy he's played with the entire year, and I don't think it's close. I would defy anybody to go against that statement. It's just clear we need this from him every night. If he can bring that kind of energy and engagement, it's going to lift our team to a different level. [If he can't], we won't be as good. He's capable, and I believe he can do it."   -- Mavericks coach  Rick Carlisle  on Odom, who was originally scheduled to play for the D-League's Texas Legends on Saturday. HOT:  Nowitzki scored 14 in the second quarter, including 13 consecutive Dallas points. The only other Maverick to score in the period was Terry with five points. NOT:  One night after starting and pacing the Mavericks with 25 points in Friday's loss at New Orleans,  Rodrigue Beaubois  was back on the bench to begin this game. He scored just three points on 1-for-4 shooting with two assists in 20 minutes. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Kidd dished a game-high eight assists.  Vince Carter , back in the starting five after coming off the bench Friday against the Hornets, contributed nine points, four assists, three rebounds and three steals.  Derrick Favors  (14),  C.J. Miles  (13) and ex-Maverick  Josh Howard  (10) scored in double figures for Utah. ROOKIE WATCH:  Jazz guard  Alec Burks  finished with eight points and four turnovers in nearly 29 minutes off the bench. He had an interesting confrontation with 7-footer  Brendan Haywood  during the fourth quarter, taking exception to a hard shove by the Mavericks center. Teammates pulled Burks away and he seemed to calm down, making both of his free throws. NOTABLE:  Mavericks forward/center  Brandan Wright  suffered a concussion Friday at New Orleans and was inactive Saturday. There is no timetable for his return. ... Utah is 1-9 when trailing at halftime on the road. ... Dallas shot 48 percent from the field and improved to 11-1 when shooting 45 percent or better. ... The Jazz (3-13) have the fewest road wins in the Western Conference. ... The Mavs have held 16 of their last 17 opponents under 100 points. UP NEXT:  For the Mavericks, Monday @ Oklahoma City, Tuesday vs. New York, Thursday @ Phoenix. For the Jazz, Monday @ Cleveland, Wednesday @ Charlotte, Friday @ Philadelphia.  