  Mavericks-Jazz notebook   By Andrew Aragon, for NBA.com Posted Sunday March 27, 2011 12:34AM THE FACTS:   Jason Terry  came off the bench to score 22 points and the Dallas Mavericks beat the Utah Jazz 94-77 on Saturday night by dominating the fourth quarter. Dirk Nowitzki  had 19 points and six rebounds for Dallas.  Shawn Marion  added 13 points and seven rebounds. For the Jazz,  Al Jefferson  had 21 points and seven rebounds before getting ejected in the fourth quarter for picking up two technical fouls. QUOTABLE:  "Every game on this trip will be like this -- desperate teams fighting for their playoff lives and playoff positioning, you know, very emotional and the crowds that are really into it. I loved it. I thought it was great for us."   --Mavericks coach  Rick Carlisle  on his team starting a six-game road trip with a hard-fought victory over the Jazz. THE STAT:  36-17. The Mavericks played like the veteran team that they are in the fourth quarter, and outscored the Jazz 36-17. Dallas shot 11-for-17 while holding Utah to 35 percent shooting. Terry scored 10 of his points in the fourth quarter. TURNING POINT:  The Mavericks turned their play up a few notches in the fourth quarter and the Jazz couldn't keep up. A 3-pointer by  Jose Barea  put Dallas up 71-70, and the basket started a 13-0 run. Terry also hit a 3-pointer, and the Mavericks put the Jazz away with fast breaks and easy baskets.  Tyson Chandler  capped the run with a three-point play. QUOTABLE II:  "It's always frustrating to lose. Against a team like that you can't make too many mistakes. There were two mistakes we made, we were up two and then we was down four after two 3s (by Barea and Terry)."   --Jazz center Jefferson on his team's mistake-filled fourth quarter. HOT:  Terry shot 6-for-7 from the field and 4-for-5 from 3-point range. Marion shot 6-for-9 for the Mavericks.  C.J. Miles  made six of his first eight shots and scored 16 points. Nowitzki was 9-for-9 from the free-throw line and has made 72 straight foul shots. NOT:  In the first eight minutes of the third quarter, the Mavericks shot 2-for-14 and scored six points. Nowitzki, shooting 52.9 percent from the field for the season, was only 5-for-12. Both  Peja Stojakovic  (1-for-6) and Barea (2-for-8) struggled from the field, but each player made a clutch 3-pointer in the fourth quarter. Ronnie Price shot 2-for-9 for the Jazz, and Jefferson was 2-for-8 in the fourth quarter. FANTASY WATCH:  Terry, a contender for the Sixth Man of the Year award, was the Mavericks' most reliable player against the Jazz and a valuable fantasy performer. His 22 points were the most he scored since he had 26 against Memphis on March 6. His shooting was outstanding, and he also had two rebounds, two assists and a blocked shot. ROOKIE WATCH:  The Jazz played two rookies and neither of them made much of an impact.  Gordon Hayward , a little while after his alma mater, Butler, reached the NCAA's Final Four again, scored six points in 20-plus minutes.  Derrick Favors  struggled for Utah, shooting 2-for-7, scoring four points and committing four fouls in nearly 20 minutes. NOTABLE:  Dallas swept a four-game series from the Jazz for the first time in franchise history. The Mavericks have held two of their last three opponents to fewer than 80 points. They held Golden State to 73 points on Sunday. Jefferson got his first technical after arguing a call made by official Nick Buchert, and got the second one after he sarcastically clapped in his face. The ejection came with 48.5 seconds left in the game. UP NEXT:  For the Mavericks, Sunday @ Phoenix, Wednesday @ L.A. Clippers, Thursday @ L.A. Lakers. For the Jazz, Monday vs. Wizards, Friday vs. Lakers, Sunday @ Sacramento.  