Notebook: Bulls 110, Pacers 97 
 
 
 Kent McDill for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Nov 16, 2013 11:44 PM - Updated Sun Nov 17, 2013 12:00 AM 
 
 THE FACT : With  Derrick Rose  back in the lineup, the Chicago Bulls ended the Indiana Pacers' run as the last unbeaten team in the NBA this season. 
 
 THE LEAD: Luol Deng  scored a season-high 23 points and Rose went 6-for-11 on 3-pointers and finished with a season-high 20 points to lead the host Bulls (5-3) to a dominating 110-94 victory over the Indiana Pacers (9-1). The win ended the Pacers' nine-game winning streak to start the season.  Taj Gibson  had a big game off the bench for the Bulls with a season-high 15 points and eight rebounds, and the Bulls shot 50.6 percent against the No. 1 field goal percentage defense in the league. The Pacers had six players in double figures, including all five starters, led by  Roy Hibbert  with 14 points. 
 After leading by 25 points at halftime, the Bulls built their lead to 33 points in the third quarter before Indiana coach  Frank Vogel  made significant lineup changes. The Pacers finally started hitting some shots late in the fourth quarter to create the more palatable final difference.   
 
 QUOTABLE : "The ball movement has been there all season. The ball is going in now, and when the ball goes in, it looks a lot better."  
 -- Bulls coach  Tom Thibodeau 
 
 
 THE STAT : The first half stats tell the story of the game. The Bulls won the half 60-35, went 6-for-7 on 3-pointers and shot 55 percent from the field while the Pacers shot 31 percent (16-for-51),missed all four 3-pointers and went 3-for-7 from the free-throw line. 
 
 THE STAT II:  Through three quarters, the Pacers were shooting under 33 percent from the field. They went 14-for-18 in the fourth quarter as the Bulls let up defensively. 
 
 THE STAT III : The game was all about field goal percentage. The Pacers only turned the ball over nine times, and the Bulls had 13 turnovers.  
 
 TURNING POINT : The Bulls scored 10 straight points in the first quarter to turn a 5-5 game into a 15-5 game and the Pacers never fully recovered.   
 
 HOT : Bulls backup swingman  Mike Dunleavy  is warming up after a slow start. He went 4-for-5 from the field, and made both of his 3-pointers, for 10 points and is now 10-for-19 from long range this season.  
 
 NOT: Paul George  had a very tough night shooting, making only 3 of his 14 shots and turning the ball over three times. 
 
 QUOTABLE II : "They were just very active and we didn't respond. Defensively, we didn't make them uncomfortable."  
 -- Indiana guard  David West 
 
 
 QUOTABLE III : "All the other games we played, the shots weren't going in. That's all we needed.''  
 -- Bulls guard Derrick Rose 
 
 GOOD MOVE : Giving Rose the night off Friday night against Toronto to rest his sore hamstring sure looks like it was a good idea, as Rose had one of his best offensive games of the season Saturday. His six 3-pointers tied a career high. 
 
 BAD MOVE : Perhaps it was Vogel's decision to keep  Chris Copeland  out of the game in the first half. Copeland came in in the third quarter when the Bulls were up 30 and scored 13 points while playing the final 16 minutes of the game.  
 
 ROOKIE WATCH : Indiana rookie forward  Solomon Hill  from Arizona played 10 minutes, failed to score, but grabbed two rebounds and had two assists. He also had two of the Pacers' nine turnovers. 
 
 NOTABLE : Chicago's  Carlos Boozer  and Indiana's Copeland were thrown out of the game with 22 seconds remaining for a seemingly slight shoving match under the Indiana basket... the Bulls now have a four-game winning streak.. the Bulls are not known as an interior-scoring team but made 23 of their 39 shots inside the paint for 46 points... the Pacers now have four days off before their next game... the Pacers were trying to be only the 14th team in NBA history to win their first 10 games of the season. 
 
 UP NEXT : For the Bulls, Monday vs. Charlotte, Thursday @ Denver, Friday @ Portland. For the Pacers, Wednesday @ New York, Friday @ Boston, Saturday vs. Philadelphia. 
