  Notebook: Hawks 102, Bobcats 96   By Derek S. Smith, for NBA.com Posted Saturday January 7, 2012 12:27AM THE FACTS : After not being able to close the deal in triple overtime Thursday and an Eastern Conference showdown looming Saturday with Chicago,  Josh Smith  scored 23 points and grabbed 13 rebounds to lift the Atlanta Hawks to a 102-96 overtime victory over the Charlotte Bobcats Friday at Time Warner Cable Arena.  D.J. Augustin  led the Bobcats with 21 points. QUOTABLE:  "We showed up big tonight. Josh (Smith) really came out and performed for us. It was unfortunate that we couldn't close it out last night (against Miami) and that it had to go to overtime tonight. We got it done and we took care of business." -- Atlanta center Al Horford. THE STAT:  29. The Hawks were credited with 29 assists on 42 baskets Friday night. That is a season-best for Atlanta. "We really moved the ball," Atlanta coach  Larry Drew  said. "I was really proud of that number. We showed a lot of energy out there tonight." TURNING POINT:  Bad start. After gaining momentum at the end of regulation things took a turn for the Bobcats.  Byron Mullens  threw the ball away on Charlotte's first possession in overtime and then missed an easy put back after a pair of Kemba Walker misses on the following possession for the Bobcats. The Hawks then continued to build their lead and opened the extra period with a 7-0 run. QUOTABLE II:  It was a huge relief (when the final buzzer sounded). I thought our guys did a really good job out there. I told our guys that this was going to be about gut check. We lost in triple overtime and then didn't get in here until three o'clock this morning. Our guys gutted it out and that's what it's going to take this year." -- Atlanta coach  Larry Drew . HOT:   Josh Smith . The Hawks relied on the energy and aggressiveness from Smith especially in the third quarter. Smith scored 14 of his 23 points in the third quarter and added four rebounds. He accounted for 14 of the team's 27 points in the quarter and played strong defense against the Charlotte frontline. NOT:   Gerald Henderson , the Bobcats second-leading scorer, was held to only four points on 2-for-9 shooting and allowed  Joe Johnson  to score nine points in the fourth quarter and overtime. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Former Charlotte Bobcats owner  Robert Johnson  was in attendance at Friday night's game. GOOD MOVE:  Charlotte employed a tough zone defense throughout the fourth quarter which allowed them to force overtime. The Hawks were 8-for-20 in the fourth quarter and the Bobcats closed out regulation on a 12-4 run to get to the extra session. BAD MOVE:   Tyrus Thomas  was forced to leave the game in the overtime session after falling into a row of TV cameras. Thomas left the court under his own power, but was complaining of no feeling in his legs. He had made his season debut Friday after missing the first six games with a sprained ankle. No status was made available after the game for Thomas and his availability for Saturday's game in Indiana. ROOKIE WATCH:  Bobcats guard  Kemba Walker  had a career-best 19 points in the loss. Walker was 6-for-10 from the floor and 3-for-5 from behind the arc and added three rebounds, two assists and a steal on the night. He has scored in double figures in four of his first seven NBA games. NOTABLE:  The last time an NBA team played a triple overtime game and followed it up with an overtime game was in 1989 ...  Byron Mullens  had career-bests with 17 points and five rebounds. He has scored in double figures in three straight and is averaging 11.6 points on the season ... Charlotte forward  D.J. White  scored in double figures for the fourth straight game ...  D.J. Augustin  has his second straight double-double with a 21-point, 12-rebound night ...  Josh Smith  had his fourth double-double of the season and scored in double figures for the fifth time this season. He also has at least one block in each game this season ...  Joe Johnson  has been in double figures in all eights Hawks game this season while  Al Horford  netted double figures for the seventh time UP NEXT:  For the Hawks, Saturday vs. Chicago, Monday at New Jersey, Wednesday at Indiana. For the Bobcats, Saturday at Indiana, Monday at New York, Tuesday vs. Houston.  