  Notebook: Grizzlies 94, Knicks 83   By Marlon W. Morgan, for NBA.com Posted Friday January 13, 2012 12:11AM THE FACTS:  Coming off a 7 for 21 performance against Oklahoma City, Memphis forward  Rudy Gay  had the motivation of both answering critics as to when he was going to step up and lead the Grizzlies, as well as playing against his longtime buddy, New York Knicks forward  Carmelo Anthony . Gay answered both charges, scoring a season-high 26 points to lead the Grizzlies to a 94-83 win. Anthony scored 14 before leaving the game with 10:05 remaining in the third quarter when he sprained his right ankle. Anthony, who also has a wrist injury, is listed as day-to-day. QUOTABLE:  "We will see tomorrow. Right now, I'm real sore. I'm more concerned with getting my ankle right. I can deal with the wrist. Hopefully, I will be alright. I can wrap the wrist and play through that. A sore ankle is a little bit more to deal with."   --  New York forward Carmelo Anthony. THE STAT:  It was a miserable shooting night for New York point guards. Rookie  Iman Shumpert  started the game making only one of his first nine shots before finishing his night missing 15 of his 20 shots as he finished with 12 points. Backup  Toney Douglas  didn't fare much better, shooting 3 for 13 for eight points. TURNING POINT:  With New York forward  Amar'e Stoudemire  on the bench after picking up two fouls less than two minutes into the game, the Grizzlies capitalized on a 10-0 run midway through the quarter to take a double-digit lead that they managed to maintain throughout most of the game. HOT:  In so many words, Grizzlies point guard  Mike Conley  told Gay to go out and shut up his critics. Gay did that with his best game of the season. He made 11 of his first 14 shots, but it was his all-around play that helped the Grizzlies. Gay also contributed with five rebounds, a pair of assists, a blocked shot on  Tyson Chandler  and a steal. NOT:  It was clear early on that it wasn't going to be Stoudemire's night. Even after returning from early foul trouble, Stoudemire was just 1 for 7 from the floor, finishing with six points and three rebounds in just 19 minutes. GOOD MOVE:  Grizzlies coach  Lionel Hollins  opted to use rookie  Josh Selby  as the backup point guard over  Jeremy Pargo , who previously held the role. In his first extended playing time since Conley returned from an early season ankle sprain, Selby matched his career-high with nine points and had two assists, earning praise from his teammates. QUOTABLE II:  "I just told Rudy Gay, `That's the best I've seen you play overall.' Forget making shots. The last time we were in here, people asked about his play and he didn't make shots, so you thought he played poorly. The shots notwithstanding, it was his defense, his rebounding and his passing. He was just doing everything you could ask him to do, especially with someone with that kind of versatile talent."   --  Grizzlies coach Lionel Hollins. NOTABLE:  Not only did the Grizzlies go through a spirited practice Wednesday after a lackluster effort against the Thunder Tuesday night, but they also had a solid practice during Thursday's shootaround. With less practice time because of the compressed schedule, Hollins said he will use more shootarounds as practices. ... Grizzlies guard  O.J. Mayo  is another player who had his best all-around performance of the season. On offense, Mayo looked like the sixth-man the Grizzlies want him to be. He came off the bench firing away and finished the game with 18 points on 6 of 12 shooting. He connected on 4 of 7 from 3-point range. Mayo also came up big on the glass with eight rebounds. ... Knicks reserve forward  Bill Walker  matched his season-high with 14 points, tying Anthony for team-high honors. ... The Knicks finished the game shooting 37.3 percent from the floor, and that was after a fourth quarter that saw New York shoot 57.9 percent. The Grizzlies shot 45.3 percent. UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Saturday at Oklahoma City, Monday vs. Orlando, Wednesday vs. Phoenix. For the Grizzlies, Saturday vs. New Orleans, Monday vs. Chicago, Wednesday at New Orleans.  