  Notebook: Cavaliers 91, Knicks 81   By Brian Dulik, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday January 25, 2012 11:49PM THE FACTS:  Center  Anderson Varejao  collected 10 points, a game-high 16 rebounds, four assists, four steals, and two blocked shots in leading the Cleveland Cavaliers to a 91-81 victory over the New York Knicks. Power forward  Antawn Jamison  added 15 points for Cleveland, which snapped its four-game losing streak. Power forward  Amar'e Stoudemire  paced New York with 19 points and a season-high 14 rebounds, while small forward  Carmelo Anthony  scored 15 points. QUOTABLE:  "I've heard plenty of guys mumbling under their breath about Andy (Varejao) while they're running upcourt over the years. That's when I know he's getting under their skin, and I tell him to keep it up. Andy is my guy."   -- Cavaliers shooting guard  Daniel Gibson THE STAT:  The Cavaliers have won nine straight games over New York at Quicken Loans Arena, dating back to Nov. 29, 2006. It is Cleveland's longest current winning streak over any team, and includes three victories in the post- LeBron James  era. "I can't explain why we keep beating them, but I know we played very hard tonight," Varejao said. "We've got a young team, so we have to play up to our limit to be successful. We want to win as many games as we can to make the playoffs." TURNING POINT:  Anthony made two free throws to give the Knicks a 40-31 lead with 3:34 left in the second quarter, but Cleveland answered with a 14-1 run fueled by four New York turnovers. The Knicks never led again. Jamison buried two 3-pointers in the surge, while shooting guard  Anthony Parker  made a pair of mid-range jumpers. "We all felt pretty good at that point because, offensively, we couldn't throw the ball in the ocean," Cavaliers coach  Byron Scott  said. QUOTABLE II:  "I love to watch Andy because he's got unbelievable energy every night and always gives 100 percent. I'm a big fan of his, and I don't think he gets enough credit for how well he plays."   -- Cavaliers power forward  Samardo Samuels. HOT:  Cavaliers center  Ryan Hollins  scored a season-high nine points in just 11 minutes, while Samuels had six points and six rebounds in 18 minutes. Shooting guard  Alonzo Gee  added seven points, including a windmill breakaway dunk, as Cleveland's bench outscored the Knicks' reserves 33-16 and outrebounded them 16-8. "Everybody seemed to pitch in tonight," Scott said. "Our guys were really focusing on stopping the bleeding, especially here at home." NOT:  Anthony shot 5-of-14 from the floor, making him 40-of-126 on field goal attempts (.317) over his last six games. "I can't really put my finger on it right now," he said. "We have to just go back and look at it, and see what happened." ... The Knicks committed 23 turnovers with Stoudemire making a game-high six. ... New York was held to seven field goals in each of the final two periods, going 14-of-37 (.378) during that timeframe. ... The Knicks fell to 1-7 since Jan. 12. QUOTABLE III:  "The last two or three games, we've had 20-some turnovers. Taking that, with our anemic offense, you can't generate a win. We've got to find a way to score. We have some things that have to be solved."   -- Knicks coach  Mike D'Antoni GOOD MOVE:  Scott opened the fourth quarter with five substitutes on the floor. Hollins, Samuels, Gee, Gibson, and point guard  Ramon Sessions  responded by holding the Knicks scoreless for 3:26. That group extended Cleveland's lead from 69-64 to 75-67 before the veteran coach began re-inserting his starters with 7:44 left. "Our focus was there for 48 minutes tonight," Scott said. "Everybody was really in tune with what we needed to do on the defensive end." BAD MOVE:  Knicks center  Tyson Chandler  was called for a technical foul with 5:03 left in the fourth after striking Varejao on the jaw with his right hand. The incident occurred as they jostled for position on a Gibson free throw that extended the Cavaliers' advantage to 84-73. "That shouldn't have been a technical foul," Chandler said. "He was on my back on every play and free throw. Hopefully the league looks at it and sees what really happened." NOTABLE:  Cavaliers rookie point guard  Kyrie Irving  -- the No. 1 overall pick in the NBA Draft -- tied his career high with seven assists, but went 1-of-7 shooting and scored seven points. ... Cleveland small forward  Omri Casspi  required six stitches to close a cut on his chin. He was injured while fouling New York guard  Landry Fields  30 feet from the basket as the shot clock expired. ... Parker matched his season free throw total in one game by attempting four. ... The Cavaliers improved to 1-4 in the second half of back-to-back sets. ... Chandler had 11 points and nine rebounds, while Fields was the Knicks' third-leading scorer with 13 points on 5-of-7 shooting. UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Friday @ Miami, Saturday @ Houston, Tuesday vs. Detroit. For the Cavaliers, Friday vs. Nets, Sunday @ Boston, Tuesday vs. Boston.  