  Notebook: Thunder 103, Heat 87 Posted Monday March 26, 2012 12:24AM By Randy Renner, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  From the plains of Oklahoma to the sands of South Beach,  Kevin Durant  and the Oklahoma City Thunder sent a loud and clear message to Miami as Durant scored 28 points and led his Thunder teammates to a 103-87 win over the Heat. Durant just missed a triple-double with nine rebounds and eight assists to go with those game-high 28 points. As big a night as Durant had, OKC's big men,  Kendrick Perkins  and  Serge Ibaka,  were even more impressive. Ibaka had 19 points on 8-for-10 shooting and 10 rebounds. Perkins had a season-high 16 points on 8-for-11.  James Harden  added 19 on 6-for-7 shooting. Miami's Big Three led the Heat in both points and turnovers.  Dwyane Wade  led Miami with 22 points but also six turnovers.  Chris Bosh  had 18 points and five givebacks and  LeBron James  continues to struggle with his shot, scoring 17 points on 8-for-18 shooting. James turned the ball over four times. OKC's defense held the Heat to just 33.3 percent shooting in the decisive fourth quarter. QUOTABLE:  "We played about as physical as we can play, our bigs were really good, they were great on both ends of the floor. "   -- Thunder head coach  Scott Brooks QUOTABLE II:  "We played with a lot of energy. I was just trying to set the tone and be the big brother to this team."   -- Perkins QUOTABLE III:  "They jumped us, everybody saw it. They had us on our heels and they were the aggressors. They played more to their identity than we did. They are much more physical and forceful, not only from a physical standpoint but from a mental standpoint. So we will learn from this and move on."   -- Heat head coach  Erik Spoelstra THE STAT:  Miami committed 21 turnovers resulting in 28 Thunder points. ... In the second half Oklahoma City held Miami to just 38 points on 37.5 percent shooting and forced 10 turnovers. In the fourth quarter the Thunder defense was even better, limiting the Heat to 18 points on 33.3 percent shooting. QUOTABLE IV:  "Some of it was attack turnovers and some of it was careless turnovers. We started the game with a turnover and from there on we turned the ball over."   -- James QUOTABLE V:  "We locked the paint up and forced them to take contested jump shots."   -- Durant TURNING POINT:  After a tight first quarter, the Thunder jumped out to a 13-point lead on an 8-0 run in the second quarter. They maintained that lead into the fourth quarter when the Heat put together their own 8-0 run to cut the margin to eight points with 5:37 to play. The Thunder then clamped down on Miami's offense forcing the Heat into 1-for-9 shooting to end the game. HOT:  Oklahoma City started the game 5-for-7 (77.8 percent). ... Perkins was 4-for-4 in the first quarter and was the game's leading scorer at that point (eight points). ... Durant was 5-for-6 (11 points) midway through the second quarter. ... Durant (8-for-10), Perkins (6-for-7) and Harden (4-for-5) were a combined 18-for-22 (81.8 percent) at halftime. ... OKC was 24-for-36 (66.7 percent) at the break. ... Miami was 18-for-31 (58.1 percent) in the first 24 minutes. NOT:  Miami had 15 turnovers two minutes into the third quarter. ... Through three quarters OKC's  Russell Westbrook  was 3-for-13 (eight points). ... In the fourth quarter Durant was 1-for-5 (three points). ... Wade did not attempt a shot in the fourth quarter INSIDE THE ARENA:  A wild and rowdy playoff atmosphere as the sell-out crowd inside Chesapeake Energy Arena roared during almost every possession. GOOD MOVE:  In the first quarter Durant fights through James and takes a pass from  Westbrook. Durant then drives into the lane and as the Heat defense collapses in on him finds a wide-open Perkins along the baseline for a slam. BAD MOVE:  Miami's defense continues to collapse on Durant as he drives into the lane but he keeps finding Perkins on the baseline. At halftime Durant had six assists, five on dishes to Perkins. NOTABLE:  Oklahoma City is now 30-2 overall and 19-0 at home when leading after three quarters. ... Though Miami came in averaging 101.5 points (3rd in the NBA), the Heat have failed to hit the century mark in 10 of the last 12 games. UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Monday @ Indiana, Thursday vs. Dallas, Friday @ Toronto. For the Thunder, Tuesday @ Portland, Thursday @ L.A. Lakers, Sunday vs. Chicago.  