  Warriors-Mavericks notebook   By Dave Ivey, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday December 8, 2010 12:23AM THE FACTS: Dirk Nowitzki  scored 25 points,  Jason Terry  added 20 off the bench and third-string center  Ian Mahinmi  posted his first career double-double as the Mavericks rallied in the fourth to push their winning streak to 10 with a 105-100 win over the Warriors. Mahinmi, playing extended minutes with  Tyson Chandler  sidelined by a stomach illness, tallied 12 points and 10 rebounds.  Stephen Curry  scored 21 and  Dorell Wright  and  David Lee  had double-doubles for Golden State, which has lost four straight and nine of 10. QUOTABLE:  "I had my mind ready. I was ready to go and I was really focused tonight. My plan was to go out and be aggressive and be ready to play."   -- Ian Mahinmi THE STAT:  The Mavericks, down 72-71 after three quarters, improved to 5-1 this season when trailing at the start of the fourth quarter. TURNING POINT:  In a tight battle that featured 11 ties and 24 lead changes, Dallas used a 14-5 run to take a 92-84 lead with 3:35 remaining. Terry scored six points during the spurt and Mahinmi contributed four points plus a big block of a  Monta Ellis  layup. QUOTABLE II:  "I thought the young man did a great job impacting the game with his length, impacting the game as a good free-throw shooter, and making plays. He rebounded the basketball and gave them second opportunities, getting the ball and tapping it out."   -- Golden State coach  Keith Smart  on Mahinmi, who was 8-for-10 at the line and grabbed seven offensive rebounds HOT:  Wright registered his third consecutive double-double for the Warriors with 17 points, 11 boards, four assists, three steals and one block. He had a total of eight double-doubles in his first six seasons combined and never had two in a row before this streak. ...  Caron Butler  scored 19 for Dallas and is averaging 15.4 points over his last five games. NOT:  Mavericks point guard  Jason Kidd  was 0-for-6 before sinking his only basket of the night, a 3-pointer with 31.9 seconds remaining. ... Ellis averaged 41.5 points in two games in Dallas last season, but finished with 18 points on 7-for-17 shooting with seven assists and six turnovers. It's just the fifth time this season he was held under 20. GOOD MOVE:  Backup  Brendan Haywood  started for Chandler, but Dallas coach  Rick Carlisle  got more activity and energy from his two Frenchmen,  Alexis Ajinca  (six rebounds, three points and two blocks in the first half) and Mahinmi. Mahinmi, who was averaging 0.8 points and 0.8 rebounds in 12 prior appearances, played all 12 minutes in the fourth quarter. NOTABLE:  The Dallas bench accounted for 47 points, 24 rebounds and nine assists, compared to 16 points, six boards and one assist by Golden State's reserves. ... Warriors forward  Lou Amundson  had four points in his debut after missing the first 20 games with a broken right index finger. ... Dallas scored 22 points off 19 Golden State turnovers. UP NEXT:  For the Mavericks, Thursday vs. New Jersey, Saturday vs. Utah, Monday vs. Milwaukee. For the Warriors, Wednesday @ San Antonio, Friday vs. Miami, Monday @ Utah.  