  Notebook: Nuggets 108, Bulls 91 Posted Tuesday March 27, 2012 12:40AM By Kent McDill, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The Denver Nuggets ran the host Chicago Bulls out of the building Monday, recording an impressive 108-91 victory. From a 54-52 halftime lead, the Nuggets scored the first 10 points of the third quarter and never looked back.  Ty Lawson  scored 27 points with nine rebounds, and  Arron Afflalo  had 22 points for the Nuggets. The Bulls were led by  C.J. Watson  with 17 points. THE FACTS II:  The Bulls scored the first eight points of the game but the Nuggets came back to tie the game at 20 and at the end of a 12-0 run had a 25-20 lead just before the end of the first quarter. QUOTABLE:  "It's a great win for us. It can make this road trip a special trip for us."    -- Nuggets coach  George Karl , talking about the Nuggets' current seven-game road trip. THE STAT:  The Nuggets committed just nine turnovers while the Bulls had 16 (Watson had five and  Luol Deng  had four). The Nuggets scored 54 points in the paint while the Bulls scored just 24. THE STAT II:  For the second straight game, the Bulls were outrebounded significantly, this time by a 45-32 margin. The Bulls, the best offensive rebounding team in the league, had just five offensive boards while the Nuggets had 14. TURNING POINT:  The start of the third quarter saw four different Nuggets contribute to a 10-0 run that killed the Bulls. At the same time, the Bulls went 0-for-4 and allowed the Nuggets six offensive rebounds. INJURY UPDATE: Derrick Rose  missed his seventh consecutive game with a groin injury and  Rip Hamilton  reached 11 with his shoulder injury. GOOD MOVE:  With  Andre Miller  suffering from a sore shoulder, Karl told Lawson he needed to be more of a scorer. Lawson scored his 27 points by going 11-for-21 from the field. QUOTABLE II:  "This was not our type of game. It was up and down, free and easy. We let our guard down and you can't do that."    -- Bulls coach  Tom Thibodeau QUOTABLE III:  "I think individually we all take pride in guarding our man, but we just had to become a better defensive team, helping each other and communicating."   -- Lawson QUOTABLE IV:  We miss (Rose) every night. We miss him when we win. Come on, it's Derrick Rose."    -- Bulls forward  Kyle Korver NOTABLE:  With the win, the Nuggets are 13-1 against the Eastern Conference this season, and their one was loss was at home to the Cleveland Cavaliers. ... A big deal is made of the Bulls dealing with injuries, but the Nuggets dragged out their 20th different starting lineup Monday in their 50th game of the season. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Former NBA assistant coach and current St. Louis University head coach  Rick Majerus  was in attendance. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Wednesday @ Atlanta, Friday vs. Detroit, Sunday @ Oklahoma City. For the Nuggets, Wednesday @ Toronto, Friday @ Charlotte, Sunday @ Orlando.  