  Pistons-Suns notebook   By Jonathan Dalton, for NBA.com Posted Saturday January 1, 2011 12:11AM THE FACTS: Vince Carter  and  Jared Dudley  scored 19 points apiece and the Phoenix Suns beat the Detroit Pistons 92-75 on Friday night to snap a four-game losing streak.  Grant Hill  scored 12 and  Mickael Pietrus  added 11 for the Suns, who two nights after surrendering 123 points to Philadelphia on 55 percent shooting held the Pistons to 41 percent shooting. Ben Gordon  scored 19 points and  Tayshaun Prince  added 12 to lead the Pistons, who set season lows with 14 first-quarter and 32 first-half points. Rip Hamilton's  3-pointer brought the Pistons within 28-24 with 9:19 to go before halftime. But Goran Dragic answered with a 3-pointer to start a 14-2 run capped by a Channing Frye hook shot with 4:39 left in the first half for a 42-26 Phoenix lead. Dudley hit a 3-pointer with 2:06 left in the half to give Phoenix its biggest lead of the half, 50-28, and the Suns led by no less than 10 the rest of the way. The win was Phoenix's first since acquiring Carter, Pietrus and Marcin Gortat from Orlando on December 18. Detroit was without  Rodney Stuckey,  who missed his second straight game with a stomach virus. QUOTABLE : "I think we played right into their hands We didn't make the proper adjustments to what they were doing. You play that same way all game and anybody can cover it, even a team that's not a particularly good defensive team."   - Ben Gordon THE STAT:  Defense had been the sole topic of conversation in Phoenix the past two days and the Suns delivered, at least in three of four quarters. The Pistons were 12-for-21 in the third quarter, whittling a one-time 22-point lead to as little as 10, but hit only 34.5 percent of their shots (19 of 55) in the other three quarters combined. It marked the first time this season the Suns had held an opponent to fewer than 20 points in three separate quarters. TURNING POINT:  An hour before the game, Suns coach  Alvin Gentry  inserted Pietrus into the starting lineup for Channing Frye to take advantage of the matchup against Villanueva. Pietrus delivered, scoring nine first-quarter points and combining with Carter to score Phoenix's first 13 points. HOT:  Dudley fired an air ball on his field-goal attempt but made four of his next six, including three 3-pointers, to lead all scorers at halftime with 15 points. Dudley had started four straight games after Carter was acquired from but was on the sidelines with a sore knee. Carter's return to action on Wednesday also signalled Dudley's return to the bench.  NOT:  The Pistons are winless in 12 games when trailing after three quarters. Detroit also failed in its quest to win consecutive games for the just the fourth time this season. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Carter played a hair under 38 minutes in his second start for the Suns, logging by far the longest court time of any Phoenix player. He started out just 2-of-5 but heated up slightly to finish 8-for-17 with three 3-pointers and eight rebounds. Carter had connected on only 1-of-6 3-pointers on Wednesday against Philadelphia. GOOD MOVE : Hill enforced the defensive message even late in the game, drawing a charge with the Suns leading by 21 with 4:11 to play. NOTABLE : The Suns are 62-0 in franchise history when holding an opponent under 80 points. ... Hill played in his 899th career game. ... The Suns have won five straight against Detroit. ... Tracy McGrady, who scored a season-best 21 on Wednesday against Boston, scored seven on 3-of-10 shooting over 35 minutes against the Suns. UP NEXT:  For the Pistons, Monday @ Utah, Tuesday @ L.A. Lakers, Jan. 8 vs. Philadelphia. For the Suns, Sunday @ Sacramento, Wednesday vs. L.A. Lakers, Friday vs. New York.  