
 Bobcats-Bucks notebook   By Rick Braun, for NBA.com Posted Sunday October 31, 2010 12:16AM THE FACTS:   Brandon Jennings  recorded Milwaukee's first triple-double in nearly 19 months with 20 points, 10 rebounds and 10 assists, and  Carlos Delfino  made five 3-pointers and finished with 23 points as the Bucks outlasted the Charlotte Bobcats 98-88 Saturday night in Milwaukee. Jennings pulled down his 10th rebound of the night after a miss by  Gerald Wallace  with 5:23 left. Shortly after that on the next Milwaukee possession he fed Delfino, who dropped in his fifth 3-pointer of the night to give the Bucks an 88-76 lead with 4:26 left. The Bucks improved to 1-2. Charlotte fell to 0-3. QUOTABLE:  "I feel like it was one of my best games in the NBA since I've been in the league because I was everywhere tonight and I was running the team. Guys were looking great and it was just a real unselfish team tonight."  --  Jennings on his first career triple-double     THE STAT:  One night after going 3-for-20 on 3-pointers in a 96-85 loss at Minnesota, the Bucks put down 11-for-22 against the Bobcats. TURNING POINT:  The Bucks' 15-man roster is made up of eight new players and seven players that finished last season on Milwaukee's roster. Because of that, the Bucks are still searching for a chemistry. With that in mind, coach  Scott Skiles  went the final 7:09 Saturday night with five players that finished last season with the team.  Andrew Bogut ,  John Salmons , Luc Richard Mbah a Moute, and Jennings played the stretch run. The Bucks led, 81-72, at that point and never let the Bobcats get closer than six the rest of the way. "We're happy with the guys we acquired, but that doesn't mean we're just going to snap our fingers and it's going to be smooth all the way through," Skiles said. "There's no question I have a level of trust for the guys who have played here, but tonight it was more a matter of the way the game was going and I wanted them out there." QUOTABLE II:  "I would like to hope I'm close. I felt myself playing tentative because I'm thinking I'm not there yet. I've just got to get out of all that and just go at it and whatever happens happens."   -- Salmons, who had 14 points Saturday night     HOT : Charlotte point guard  D.J. Augustin  went 9-for-13, including 5-for-6 on 3-pointers, to score a game-high 26. NOT:  Bucks forward  Ersan Ilyasova  was just 1-for-9 entering the game, and Skiles said the slump was part of the reason he only played Ilyasova for the final 58 of the second quarter. NOTABLE:  Forward  Luc   Mbah a Moute  missed much of the exhibition season and also the season opener with a sprained right ankle. He returned to play 18 minutes Friday night and his defensive presence was so important on Saturday that Skiles played him just under 35 minutes against Charlotte. Mbah a Moute finished with nine points and nine rebounds. UP NEXT:  For the Bobcats, Wednesday @ New Jersey, Friday @ Detroit, Saturday vs. Orlando. For the Bucks, Tuesday vs. Portland, Wednesday @ Boston, Friday @ Indiana. 
