Notebook: Bulls 102, Lakers 100 (OT) 
 
 
 Kent McDill, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Mon Jan 20, 2014 11:58 PM - Updated Mon Jan 20, 2014 11:59 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Bulls are 20-20 and at .500 for the first time since they were 7-7 on Nov. 27.    
 
 THE LEAD:  Taj Gibson  made a layup at the buzzer to give the Chicago Bulls a 102-100 overtime victory over the Los Angeles Lakers on Monday night at the United Center.  
 
 D.J. Augustin  scored a season-high 27 points for the Bulls and  Joakim Noah  had a double-double with 17 points and 21 rebounds.  Nick Young  led the Lakers with a season-high 31 points and  Pau Gasol  had 20 points and 19 rebounds, as well as five blocked shots.    
 
 THE FACT II:  The game's final play came with 0.9 seconds remaining, and was an inbounds pass from  Mike Dunleavy  to Gibson, who had a clear path to the basket thanks to fullback-style blocks by teammates  Jimmy Butler  and  D.J. Augustin  to plow the road. The play might have actually taken more than 0.9 seconds to execute. 
 
 THE FACT III:  Gibson said that was his first game-winner at any level of basketball. 
 QUOTABLE: " Tom [Thibodeau , Bulls coach] drew up a nice play, designed well and executed." 
 -- Lakers coach  Mike D'Antoni  on the final play 
 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We have confidence in what he draws up in the huddle."  
 --  D.J. Augustin  on Thibodeau 
 
 
 THE FACT III:  There were numerous big plays before the game-winner. Young made three free throws with 4.1 seconds left to send the game into overtime after Noah fouled him on a wild 3-point miss. The Lakers went up by five points in the extra period only to see Augustin hit a game-tying 3-pointer with 2:33 left and then make a driving layup to put the Bulls in front again.  
 
 THE FACT IV:  The end of the game featured the offense of Gasol against the defense of Noah, as the Lakers went to Gasol numerous times in the final three minutes because Noah had five fouls. Gasol had a pair of turnovers and three missed shots in the final three minutes.     
 
 THE STAT:  The Bulls put up 102 shots from the field, making only 39. The Bulls had six players in double figures, and four of those players put up at least 16 shots from the field. The Lakers were 35 for 83 from the field (42 percent).    
 
 THE STAT II:  Of Noah's 21 rebounds, seven came on the offensive glass. The Lakers as a team only had nine offensive rebounds. Butler had a double-double with 13 points and 11 boards. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Young made a game-tying jumper with six seconds left in overtime, then the Bulls had their first attempt at a final play disrupted with the ball going out of bounds. That set up the final play.   
 
 INJURY UPDATE:   Bulls guard  Kirk Hinrich  left the game in the third quarter with a right hamstring injury and his status is uncertain. Hinrich missed five games in December with a back injury. 
 
 HOT:  Augustin was 10-for-16 from the field and 5-for-7 from 3-point range. Noah had 21 points and 16 rebounds against Philadelphia on Saturday and has had at least 10 rebounds in 13 consecutive games.   
 
 NOT:  Lakers starting forward  Wesley Johnson  missed all four of his shots, three of them from 3-point range, and contributed just one rebound and one turnover in 14 minutes of play. Several Bulls had horrible shooting nights, including  Carlos Boozer  (4-for-16), Butler (6-for-19) and Gibson (3-for-11).  
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "I was looking at the backboard hoping it would go red before it left his hand."  
 --  Nick Young  on the game's last play 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  The signing of Augustin continues to pay dividends for the  Bulls, and he could start again if Hinrich is out any time with his hamstring injury.  
 
 BAD MOVE:  Coming back from his one-game suspension for throwing a punch, Young got a technical foul in the second quarter when he got a little too aggressive when Bulls center  Nazr Mohammed  got a rebound of Young's missed jumper.   
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  Two of the best injured guards in the game were in attendance, as  Kobe Bryant  sat on the bench with the Lakers (and had a pre-game news conference) and Bulls guard  Derrick Rose  warmed up before the game. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Bulls forward  Tony Snell  scored six points in 23 minutes for the Bulls.  Ryan Kelly  had 13 points and seven rebounds starting for the Lakers.   
 
 NOTABLE:  Noah had his 13th straight double-double by halftime. ... Guard  Marquis Teague  was officially inactive for the game because the Bulls traded him on Saturday to the Nets but could not officially turn him over until the league office opens on Tuesday. ... Kelly has made 26 consecutive free throws, including the four he hit on Monday...  Kendall Marshall 's string of five straight double-doubles ended as he had only three points and eight assists. ... The Lakers were trying for their first three-game win streak since Nov. 24.     
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Wednesday @ Cleveland, Friday vs. L.A. Clippers, Saturday @ Charlotte. For the Lakers, Thursday @ Miami, Friday at Orlando, Sunday at New York. 
