Notebook:  Nets 113, Bucks 111 (OT) 
 
 
 Jake Appleman, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Feb 19, 2013 11:36 PM - Updated Tue Feb 19, 2013 11:36 PM 
 
 THE FACTS: Joe Johnson  once again rescued the Nets in crunch time, sinking both a game-tying 3-pointer at the end of regulation and a game-winning jumper at the end of overtime. Johnson's heroics lifted the Nets to a 113-111 win over the Bucks at Barclays Center, snapping a 13-game losing streak against Milwaukee. Johnson (24 points, five assists, five rebounds) even nonchalantly drained a 35-footer that would have won the game after Nets coach  P.J. Carlesimo  called a timeout to set up the game's final play.  Brandon Jennings  tallied 34 points, 7 assists and 6 rebounds for the visitors.   
 
 QUOTABLE:  "My confidence is through the roof -- my teammates, the coaching staff, they believe in me so much down the stretch that I would never want to let those guys down."  
 -- Johnson  
 
 
 THE STAT:  Johnson is 8-9 from the field with less than 30 seconds remaining in regulation or overtime this season.   
 
 TURNING POINT:  Johnson's game-tying 3-pointer, a difficult attempt, gave the Nets a chance at overtime and another Johnson game-winner.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We knew that's where they'd be looking.  Luc Mbah a Moute  got caught under one screen on the first shot. The second time Luc played him tough and Joe just made a great shot."  
 -- Bucks coach  Jim Boylan , on defending Johnson's two huge shots.  
 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  The Nets honored  Dr. Jerry Buss , the owner of the Lakers who passed away on Monday, with a moment of silence before the game.  
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  John Henson  made good use of his four-plus minutes of action, scoring five points on 2-3 shooting.   
 
 NOTABLE:  The Nets had 10 fast break points to just 4 for the Bucks. The Nets are 15-2 when they score more fast break points than their opponent. ... The Nets bench outscored the Bucks bench 44-15. ... In his first game back from receiving platelet rich plasma injections due to synovitis in both ankles,  Deron Williams  recorded 19 points and nine assists. ... Nets coach  P.J. Carlesimo  kept  Brook Lopez  (19 points, 9 rebounds) on the bench for most of the fourth quarter, citing fatigue after the All-Star break, Lopez's struggles, and the excellent fourth quarter play of  Andray Blatche . Blatche scored 10 fourth-quarter points and made all of his shots. ... The Nets are now 5-0 in overtime this season and have won an NBA-best 10 overtime games in a row.   
 
 UP NEXT:   For the Bucks, Wednesday vs. Brooklyn, Saturday vs. Atlanta, Tuesday @ Dallas. For the Nets, Wednesday @ Milwaukee, Friday vs. Houston, Sunday vs. Memphis.   
