Notebook: Jazz 115, Warriors 101 
 
 
 Andrew Aragon, For NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Feb 20, 2013 1:25 AM - Updated Wed Feb 20, 2013 1:25 AM 
 
 THE FACTS: Gordon Hayward  returned just in time for the Utah Jazz to make one last push to keep their current team together.  Al Jefferson , the subject of constant trade rumors leading up to Thursday's trade deadline, had 24 points. Hayward added 17 points to lead the Jazz to a 115-101 wire-to-wire win over the Golden State Warriors on Tuesday night.  
 
  Paul Millsap , the other Jazz player frequently mentioned in trade rumors, had 14 points and a team-high nine rebounds. Hayward was back after missing 10 straight games for Utah (31-24) because of a right shoulder sprain.  
     The All-Star break did nothing to break the Warriors (30-23) out of their funk. They lost their season-worst sixth straight game. They've lost those six games by an average of 17.7 points while allowing 117.5 points per game.  
 
 Stephen Curry  led Golden State with 29 points.  Jarrett Jack  came off the bench to contribute 19 points and a season-high nine assists.  
 
 QUOTABLE : "Guys have earned it. They've continued to work hard. This is a group of guys that's going to compete every time they're out on the floor. They're a great group of guys and I hope to continue working with them."  
 -- Utah coach  Tyrone Corbin  on possibly keeping the current Jazz players together through the trade deadline on Thursday 
 
 THE STAT : The Jazz knew they couldn't let the Warriors run wild like they did the last time they played. Utah focused on limiting Golden State in transition, and held the Warriors to just 11 fast-break points. The Jazz did a great job of getting back on defense, putting a man on Golden State's ball handlers on fast breaks and staying on top of their shooters. When the two teams played in December, the Warriors had 25 fast-break points.  
 
 TURNING POINT : Just as it seemed Golden State had the game's momentum after Curry hit a 3-pointer to make it 66-65, the Jazz took over. Jefferson started a 15-4 run with a thunderous dunk and capped it with a jumper. Jefferson had nine of Utah's 15 points during its game-clinching spurt, while  Randy Foye  and  Marvin Williams  buried 3-pointers to put Utah ahead 81-69 with 3:36 left in the third quarter. The Warriors, meanwhile, shot 2-for-9 and committed two turnovers as the Jazz pulled away.  
 
 HOT : Hayward showed his shoulder was fine after a hard shooting foul by  Andris Biedrins  in the first quarter. He made both free throws, and then went on to have an all-around solid game. He had four assists, three rebounds and two blocked shots while shooting 5-for-9. Jefferson shot 6-for-8 in the second half and 11-for-18 overall.  Alec Burks , despite the return of Hayward, got well-deserved playing time and he made the most of it. He shot 5-for-8, scored 13 points and had five rebounds in 25 minutes. For the Warriors, Curry kept them in the game with dynamic offensive play.  David Lee , hampered by foul trouble, shot 9-for-13 and had 18 points.  Klay Thompson  had 15 points on 6-for-11 shooting. 
 
 NOT : Biedrins had a season-high 12 rebounds the last time the Warriors played in Utah. This time, he couldn't get out of his own way. He had two points and two rebounds while fouling out in 16 minutes.  Harrison Barnes  (1-for-5),  Andrew Bogut  (0-for-4) and  Draymond Green  (1-for-6) couldn't get things going for Golden State either. The Warriors shot just 30 percent in the fourth quarter. For the Jazz, only  Enes Kanter  struggled, as he shot 0-for-4 and went scoreless in 11 minutes.   
 
 QUOTABLE II : "You can't just point to one thing. It's a little bit of everything and a little bit of everybody. It seems like each time down the court it's just a minor mistake by one guy, then another mistake by another guy. Then there are times where guys just hit tough shots. You add all that together and you give up another 115 points and lose another game."  
 --Warriors forward David Lee on his team's defensive struggles 
 
 GOOD MOVE : The Jazz kept their composure -- and turned up their play a few notches on offense and defense -- after the Warriors pulled within 66-65 in the third quarter. They executed offensively, and got Jefferson some easy baskets. On defense, they got a little more aggressive, forced some turnovers and made the Warriors take shots a little further out than they seemed to want to.  
 
 BAD MOVE : Golden State's defense continues to be a sieve. The Warriors allowed Utah to get too many easy baskets, and their 3-point defense was awful. Utah shot 10-for-21 from 3-point range. Here's an indication of how far the Warriors' defense has fallen in recent weeks: They held the Jazz to 83 points when the two teams played in December. The Jazz, this time, topped 83 points with 1:53 left in the third quarter.  
 
 NOTABLE : Foye has made a 3-pointer in 22 straight games. He sank three of them against Golden State and scored 15 points. It was the Jazz's third wire-to-wire victory this season. The Warriors are 1-6 when an opponent shoots 50 percent or better from the field. Utah shot 55.3 percent in the final three quarters and 50 percent for the game. The Jazz moved to seven games above .500 for the first time this season and into sixth place in the Western Conference with the victory. Seven Utah players scored in double figures.  
 
 UP NEXT : For the Warriors, Wednesday vs. Suns, Friday vs. Spurs, Sunday @ Minnesota. For the Jazz, Saturday @ L.A. Clippers, Monday vs. Celtics, Feb. 27 vs. Hawks.  
