  Jazz-Pistons notebook   By Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com Posted Saturday February 26, 2011 11:28PM THE FACTS:  The controversy-riddled Detroit Pistons scored a season-high in points while defeating the Utah Jazz Saturday night 120-116. Guard  Rodney Stuckey , one of seven players benched Friday after missing the morning shootaround in Philadelphia, had 28 points and eight assists as the Pistons ended an 11-game losing streak to Utah. QUOTABLE:  "It's inexcusable for a second-year player to be late. I got benched for the game and I understood why. I didn't hold a grudge. I told Coach when I saw him that it was the right decision. He stepped up and started me and I proved his point that I can play well when he puts me out there."    -- Pistons forward  Austin Daye , who was one of the players benched the previous game. Daye and Stuckey were late to Friday's shootaround because of what Daye said was a miscommunication on the time of the shootaround. THE STAT:  April 8, 2002. The Pistons won for the first time in nearly 11 years without  Richard Hamilton ,  Tayshaun Prince  or  Ben Wallace  appearing in the game. That was before Hamilton and Prince joined the team for the 2002-03 season. Hamilton, who has been at the center of the controversy between the players and head coach  John Kuester , sat behind the bench in street clothes. Prince dressed but missed the game with a sore back. Wallace is out indefinitely because of a death in his family. TURNING POINT:  The Pistons reeled off 12 unanswered points after falling behind by seven early in the fourth.  Ben Gordon  and Daye sparked the run with five points apiece, which gave Detroit a 100-95 lead. QUOTABLE II:  "There was a cohesiveness we haven't had. There was an energy we haven't had on a consistent basis."    -- John Kuester after his team won for just the second time in eight games HOT:  Daye scored 18 points, two shy of his season high. He tied the game at 108-108 with a 3-pointer with 2:28 remaining as part of an 11-point fourth quarter. NOT:  Utah point guard  Devin Harris , making his first start since being traded from New Jersey earlier in the week, shot 3-for-9 from the field. He missed a layup with his team down three with 1:35 left. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Pistons backup point guard  Will Bynum  followed up his 29-point performance against the Sixers with an 11-point, eight-assist, four-steal outing before fouling out. He has reached double figures in six of the last 10 games. ROOKIE WATCH:  Pistons center  Greg Monroe  notched his 11th double-double and fourth straight with 12 points and 16 rebounds. He's averaging 16.8 points and 12.8 rebounds in the last four games. NOTABLE:  Detroit's last victory over Utah was March 13, 2005. ... Utah fell to 1-5 under coach  Ty Corbin . ... Utah racked up 37 assists on 44 field goals. ... The Jazz shot 59.5 percent but committed 17 turnovers and missed 11 of 34 free throws. ...  Paul Millsap  led Utah with 23 points and 11 rebounds. UP NEXT:  For the Jazz, Monday vs. Boston, Thursday vs. Denver, Saturday vs. Sacramento. For the Pistons, Tuesday @ Milwaukee, Wednesday vs. Minnesota, Sunday vs. Washington.  