Notebook: Rockets 103, Pelicans 100 
 
 
 Bradley Handwerger, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Jan 15, 2014 11:45 PM - Updated Wed Jan 15, 2014 11:45 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Rockets led for just 1 minute, 14 seconds against the Pelicans. But that includes the final 28 seconds of the game. 
 
 THE LEAD:   James Harden  scored 18 second-half points, including the game-winning step-back jumper with 28 seconds to play, and the Rockets posted a 103-100 come-from-behind win over the Pelicans. 
 Harden finished with 26 points and seven assists to pace Houston (26-14), which also got 25 points and eight rebounds from  Terrence Jones . 
 The Pelicans (15-23) lost their seventh consecutive game the way they've lost many this season -- by failing to maintain a second-half lead. Wednesday night, that failure allowed Houston to overcome a 17-point deficit. New Orleans led by as many as 10 points in the final quarter. 
 The Rockets started the game with a 2-0 lead and then a 9-7 advantage in the first quarter. They wouldn't lead again until Harden's jumper. 
 In between, New Orleans built a lead behind  Eric Gordon , who finished with a season-high 35 points, and  Anthony Davis , who added 24 points and seven rebounds. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "He's our closer so he did what closers do -- he closed and we needed it. We started off lethargic." --  Rockets hea d  coach  Kevin McHale  on the play of Harden down the stretch. 
 
 
 THE STAT:  41 -- That's the number of free throws the Rockets took, 10 more than their league-leading season average of 31. While they made just 61 percent, the amount of attempts Houston picked up helped it overcome New Orleans' 45.5 percent shooting. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Down 99-92 with 3:06 to play, Harden decided it was time to take over, saying he felt the need to step up and make plays. In the final three minutes, Harden scored eight of the final 11 points for Houston and it started with a driving layup at the 2:50 mark. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  " Austin (Rivers)  thought he got pushed. But in that situation, you've got to play tough. You can't even ask for the refs to bail you out in that situation. It's not going to happen." --  Pelicans head coach  Monty Williams  on the Harden's game-winning shot with Rivers guarding him. 
 
 
 HOT:  With G  Tyreke Evans , PG  Jrue Holiday  and F  Ryan Anderson  out with injuries, the Pelicans needed scoring anywhere they could get it. It came from Gordon, who scored 35 points by shooting 11 of 17, including 6 of 9 from 3-point range, and making seven of his eight free-throw attempts. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  With the game tied down the stretch, Pelicans coach Monty Williams chose to put G Austin Rivers in the game to take on Houston's Harden should the Rockets force a switch. The prolific Rockets guard, however, sent Rivers backpedaling with one dribble and sank the game-winner. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Jones' 25 points set a career-high, besting his previous high by one point. ... Gordon now has 20-plus points in five of the past seven games for New Orleans. ... The Pelicans outrebounded Houston 44-38. ... Houston used only four players off the bench and only  Donatas Motiejunas  scored for the Rockets as a sub, putting up 10 points. ... Houston has won five of their past six games against New Orleans. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Pelicans, Saturday vs. Golden State, Monday @ Memphis, Tuesday vs. Sacramento. For the Rockets, Thursday vs. Oklahoma City, Saturday vs. Milwaukee, Monday vs. Portland. 
