
 Heat-Raptors notebook   By Natasha Alibhai, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday April 13, 2011 11:50PM THE FACTS:  Wednesday night at the Air Canada Centre, the Miami Heat rested  LeBron James ,  Dwyane Wade  and  Chris Bosh  in a game that meant little to either team. The Heat got a career night from  Eddie House  (35 points) which was enough to take down an undermanned Toronto Raptors team 97-79. The game saw 14 lead changes before Miami went on run to start the fourth quarter and never looked back. The Raptors, playing with just eight healthy bodies, were unable to make a final push and were held to shooting just 19 percent in the fourth. QUOTABLE:  "Eddie was on fire, no question about it. He got into that rhythm there in the second quarter and we kept on finding him the ball where he was open, and he's ignitable. Jamaal was a rebound machine. He'll fight anybody out there for that ball, sometimes his own teammates."   --  Erik Spoelstra  on the play of Eddie House and  Jamaal Magloire THE STAT:  The Heat were better in every category tonight but did the most damage from behind the arc. Miami connected on 13 3-pointers (50 percent), while the Raptors made just one. TURNING POINT:  Going into the final frame with a one-point lead, the Heat went on a 15-2 run, which included nine straight points from House, to blow the game open. The Heat shot 50 percent for the final quarter while the Raptors went cold, shooting just 19 percent. HOT:  House got the start Wednesday and made the most of it, scoring a career-high 35. He got hot in the first quarter where he scored the final 14 points for the Heat. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Baseball Hall of Fame inductee and former Toronto Blue Jays legend  Roberto Alomar  was courtside to take in the game. NOTABLE:  Magloire tied a career high in rebounds (19) in just 29 minutes off the bench. House's team-high 35 points was the first time this season a player other than James, Wade or Bosh has led the Heat in scoring. Wednesday was labeled "Fanapalooza" by the Raptors. Fans who attended the game had chances to win various prizes including a half-court shot for a $1 million. 
