  Hornets-Wolves notebook   By Phil Miller, for NBA.com Posted Friday February 25, 2011 11:43PM THE FACTS:  With their leading scorer not available, the New Orleans Hornets turned to defense on Friday, holding the Minnesota to 81 points and handing the Timberwolves their seventh straight loss, 95-81 in Target Center.  Trevor Ariza  scored 18 points to lead the Hornets and  Chris Paul  added 17 points and eight assists as New Orleans -- without leading scorer  David West , who left the team after a death in his family -- avenged Minnesota's two previous victories this season. Minnesota's starting guards,  Wesley Johnson  and  Luke Ridnour , scored 22 points apiece, but their teammates combined to make only 32 percent of their shots. QUOTABLE:  "I like it here already. I like the defense. Hold a team to 81 points? You're going to win a lot of games that way."    -- Hornets forward  Carl Landry , on his first impressions of his new team. THE STAT:  7 -- Turnovers committed by New Orleans in the entire game; Minnesota racked up nine turnovers in the third quarter alone, and 21 for the game. TURNING POINT:  Despite the Hornets' 68 percent first-quarter shooting success, the Wolves were within a basket when  Jonny Flynn  replaced Luke Ridnour at point guard nine minutes into the game. Flynn badly missed a pair of shots to close the first quarter, then committed three turnovers in a 70-second span of the second quarter, and the Hornets' lead was 11 when Ridnour subbed back in. The lead was below 10 points for only 22 seconds the rest of the night. QUOTABLE II:  "You can't tell me that Kevin Love isn't fouling a little bit. He's pushing and fighting. He's the best at what he does, but I thought our guys fought him tonight."   --  New Orleans coach  Monty Williams  on  Kevin Love,  who collected 14 rebounds, but his only foul was committed on the perimeter. HOT:  The Target Center crowd cheered when Kevin Love collected his 10th rebound early in the fourth quarter, extending his streak of consecutive double-doubles to 45, now just six short of  Moses Malone's  51-game run spanning the 1978-79 and 1979-80 seasons. But even that achievement had a dubious side: Love, visibly relieved at grabbing the rebound in traffic, held the ball for a few seconds before passing it to Jonny Flynn, and the Wolves were whistled for an eight-second violation. NOT:   Michael Beasley  was only 4-for-16 from the field, extending his shooting slump to 9-for-33, or 27.2 percent, over the last two games. Making matters worse, the Wolves forward committed five turnovers. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  New Orleans center  Emeka Okafor  looked a little rusty in his return from a 10-game layoff with an oblique strain, making only 4 of 10 shots. He did grab seven rebounds in 25 minutes, however. ... Carl Landry was 1-for-5 from the field with five rebounds in his debut with the Hornets after Wednesday's trade with Sacramento. ROOKIE WATCH:  With  Wayne Ellington  away from the team to deal with a personal matter, rookie Wesley Johnson played 43 minutes and took 19 shots, both of them career highs, and his 22 points were just two off his best. NOTABLE:  The officiating crew of  Ken Mauer ,  Brent Barnaky  and  David Jones  were calling their first Timberwolves game since Jan. 13, when they whistled five technical fouls on Minnesota in a 10-second span of a loss to the Spurs. The only technical foul called in this game was for defensive three seconds. Minnesota point guards Luke Ridnour and Jonny Flynn combined for just two assists. New Orleans made 68.2 percent of its shots in the first quarter, then just 34.5 percent the rest of the way. Minnesota forward  Anthony Randolph  played four minutes in his first game since being acquired from New York earlier in the week. His first shot was a 20-foot jumper that barely hit the rim, but he later tipped in a rebound for his only two points. Minnesota made exactly 40 percent of its shots (32-80) -- breaking a six-game streak of below 40 percent shooting.  UP NEXT:  For the Hornets, Sunday vs. Houston, Tuesday @ Toronto, Wednesday @ New York. For the Timberwolves, Sunday vs. Golden State, Tuesday vs. Lakers, Wednesday @ Detroit.  