  Notebook: Grizzlies 104, Warriors 103 Posted Saturday February 18, 2012 11:58PM By Marlon W. Morgan, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  It used to be that the Memphis Grizzlies used last second jumpers by  Rudy Gay  to win games. Now they've devised a way for Gay to miss the shot and get an offensive rebound to claim the same result. For the second straight night, Gay missed a jumper in the waning seconds, only to have a teammate, this time  Tony Allen , get a tip-in with 5.6 seconds to left to beat Golden State, 104-103, at FedExForum. Warriors forward  David Lee  was called for a charge while driving to the basket on Golden State's final possession. QUOTABLE:  "Gay causes so much attention when he pulls up because he hits so many game winners. I was just at the right place at the right time. I looked at Gay as he shot it and just went around  (Dorell) Wright  and just got the tip. There wasn't anything special about it. I was just at the right place at the right time."   --  Allen on his game-winning tip. THE STAT:  One reason the Grizzlies have squandered big leads the last two nights is because of turnovers. The normally sure-handed Grizzlies have committed 19 turnovers in each of the last two games. On Friday night, it led to 28 points for Denver. The Warriors were able to turn the miscues into 27 points. TURNING POINT:  Like they did Friday night against Denver, the Grizzlies came out on fire, shooting 70 percent in the first quarter to lead 34-19. The lead eventually swelled to 18 before Golden State used a 14-0 run early in the second quarter, and eventually led 56-48 behind the lights out shooting of  Stephen Curry  and  Monta Ellis . HOT:  Ellis and Curry were on fire, particularly in the second quarter when they combined for 30 points on 11 of 17 shooting, including 5 of 7 from 3-point range to help the Warriors turn an 18-point deficit into a 56-54 halftime lead. Curry finished with a game-high 36 points as he made 6 of 9 3-pointers, while Ellis added 33, going 4 for 8 from long range. They each added six assists. NOT:  Unfortunately, Golden State forward Wright couldn't get going. Wright, averaging 11 ppg, was 0 for 7 from the floor, including 0 for 4 from 3-point range, and finished with no points. GOOD MOVE:  Grizzlies head coach  Lionel Hollins  realized the second half was going to be a dogfight, so with his team trailing 77-75 late in the third quarter, Hollins went with five reserves --  O.J. Mayo, Jeremy Pargo, Dante Cunningham, Quincy Pondexter  and  Hamed Haddadi . The group not only stayed with the Warriors, but briefly regained the lead, allowing the starters to get an extended breather. When they returned with just over six minutes remaining, the score was tied at 84. QUOTABLE II:  "It's the little things that either win or lose ball games as we continue to find out. When it matters most, there should be five guys in the paint area chasing down that loose rebound. At the end of the day, Tony Allen wanted it. That's what winners do."   --  Golden State head coach  Mark Jackson  on his team losing yet another heartbreaker. NOTABLE:  The Grizzlies have now won four in a row, their longest streak since winning seven straight in January. They travel to Houston Monday, looking to extend the streak and beat the Rockets for a third time this season. ... The Warriors have now lost six straight games at FedExForum. They haven't won in Memphis since April 4, 2008. ... Golden State is now 1-6 in games decided by three points or less, two of which have been against Memphis. They lost to the Grizzlies at home, 91-90, in a game in which the Warriors led by 20 in the second half. ... For the second straight game, the Grizzlies had six players score in double figures. Gay led the way with 19 points, while center  Marc Gasol  had a double-double with 17 points and 13 rebounds. Mayo added 18 points off the bench. UP NEXT:  For the Warriors, Monday vs. L.A. Clippers, Wednesday at Phoenix, Feb. 28 at Indiana. For the Grizzlies, Monday at Houston, Tuesday vs. Philadelphia, Feb. 29 vs. Dallas.  