
 Blazers-Hornets notebook Posted Saturday November 13, 2010 11:26PM THE FACTS:  The New Orleans Hornets remain perfect as they eased by the Portland Trail Blazers 107-87 on Saturday night at the New Orleans Arena. The Hornets are 8-0 and are the league's lone undefeated team. QUOTABLE:  "He's the head of the snake for us and  Emeka (Okafor)  is the back part." --  Hornets coach  Monty Williams  on  Chris Paul  and his importance playing defense THE STAT:  Defense continues to be the calling card for the Hornets as they have yet to allow any team to reach 100 points. Only Houston has scored more than 95 points on the Hornets and New Orleans is surrendering just 89.8 points per game. TURNING POINT:  Hornets forward  Jason Smith  hustled to save a ball out of bounds in the fourth quarter. He fired it to a slashing  Willie Green  who made a layup after being fouled and made the free throw to give New Orleans an 80-70 lead with 10:36 left in the game. The Blazers had cut the lead to 75-70 a couple of minutes earlier, but the Smith-to-Green sequence stopped the Blazers' momentum. GOOD MOVE:  Hornets forward  Peja Stojakovic  played for the first time since the third game of the season and scored 11 points off the bench. Stojakovic has been a healthy inactive. Williams said he saw a diagram on TV that Stojakovic statistically was one of the best shooters in NBA history. It helped convince Williams to activate Stojakovic. HOT:  Okafor and Paul. Okafor picked up his second double-double of the season with 14 points and 12 rebounds. Paul also had a double-double with 11 points and 13 assists and added five steals. NOT:  Blazers forward  Brandon Roy . He scored his only bucket with 7:55 left in the third quarter, and then left the game limping badly and wincing in pain on his previously injured knee less than two minutes later. Roy walked off the court, went straight to the locker room and never returned Portland's bench. Blazers coach  Nate McMillan  said Roy was being evaluated after the game by the Hornets' doctor. Roy told McMillan that his knee was sore and that he needed to be pulled. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Blazers and Seattle Seahawks owner  Paul Allen  and actress  Gina Gershon  sat together courtside for Saturday night's game. NOTABLE:  Williams is the first rookie coach in NBA history to start a season 8-0. ... Hornets forward  David West  and guard  Marco Belinelli  each scored a game-high 18 points. ... Blazers guard  Nicolas Batum  led Portland with 16 points, and also fouled out. ... Guard  Marcus Thornton  was a healthy inactive along with center  Aaron Gray . Thornton has been receiving decreased playing time as of late despite being one of the team's best contributors off the bench last season. ... Centers  Greg Oden  (knee) and  Joel Przybilla  (knee), along with guard  Elliot Williams  (knee) were the Blazers' inactives. ... The Hornets released forward  Joe Alexander  on Saturday. Alexander, the eighth overall selection by the Bucks in 2008, was in street clothes for the Hornets' first seven games and was listed as inactive for every game. UP NEXT:  For the Blazers, Tuesday @ Memphis, Thursday vs. Denver, Saturday vs. Utah. For the Hornets, Monday @ Dallas, Wednesday vs. Dallas, Friday vs. Cleveland. 
