  Magic-Grizzlies notebook   By Marlon W. Morgan, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday February 1, 2011 12:32AM THE FACTS:  On a night when the Orlando Magic ended  Zach Randolph 's string of 14 consecutive double-doubles and  Rudy Gay  continued his struggles from the floor, the Memphis Grizzlies got huge contributions from  Marc Gasol  and  Mike Conley  as they defeated the Magic 100-97. Gasol had 19 points and eight rebounds and Conley scored a game-high 26 points with 11 assists to put the Grizzlies over .500 for the first time this season at 25-24. Memphis has now won six of its last seven games. QUOTABLE:  "You have to give a lot of credit to Rudy and Zach for not forcing shots, for not getting nervous, knowing that it was going to be a game like that. They got rid of it. They found the open guy and the guys were making their shots."    -- Grizzlies center Marc Gasol. THE STAT:  After the game, Grizzlies coach  Lionel Hollins  said one of his former bosses,  Cotton Fitzsimmons , once told him that you live by the jumper and you die by the jumper. That's exactly what the Magic did Monday night. After making nine of their first 10 shots, which included a pair of 3-pointers, the Magic finished the game making eight of 32 3s. Their 25 percent shooting from behind the arc was far below their season average of 37 percent. TURNING POINT:  The Magic started the game on fire, shooting 63 percent in the first quarter to build a 28-21 lead. After cooling off some in the second quarter, the Magic were stone cold in the third quarter, making just five of 16 shots (31.3 percent) as the Grizzlies ended the quarter with an 86-74 cushion. GOOD MOVE:  Hollins told his team before the game that the Magic were going to emphasize not allowing Randolph or Gay to score in the post. Rather than force the issue, Randolph and Gay became willing passers out of double teams, which allowed for Gasol and Conley's big night. BAD MOVE:  Despite falling behind by as many as 14 points in the second half, the Magic managed to creep to within 99-98 with a chance to regain the lead. But after  Hedo Turkoglu  missed a 3-pointer,  Ryan Anderson 's rebound was stolen by Conley, who was fouled with 5.5 seconds left. As Conley prepared to shoot his free throw, Howard was whistled for a technical foul for complaining to the referees. Randolph made the technical foul, and Conley made one of his two three throws to make it a three-point game, forcing the Magic to make a three to tie.  Jason Richardson 's desperation trey was not close. HOT:  Before the game, Hollins told Conley he needed him to score 30 points. Conley did his best to oblige with 26. With his 11 assists, Conley has back-to-back double-digit assist games for the first time in his career. It was also his first career 20-point, 10-assist game. NOT:  Gay found the going tough for the second straight game, as he missed 10 of his 15 shots, finishing with 13 points. In Saturday's win over Washington, Gay was 2-for-11 for four points. NOTABLE:  The win allowed Hollins to become the Grizzlies' winningest coach with 96 victories, surpassing his former boss,  Mike Fratello . ... Randolph had 10 points and nine rebounds, leaving him one rebound shy of extending his franchise-record string of 14 straight games with a double-double. ... Howard had 25 points and 14 rebounds to record his 37th double-double of the season ... Magic forward  Brandon Bass  left the game with 3:59 left in the third quarter when he sprained his left ankle. He finished with 13 points, making 6-of-7 shots. ... The Grizzlies finished January with an 11-6 record, the first time they have posted 11 wins in a month since going 12-3 in January of 2005. UP NEXT:  For the Magic, Thursday vs. Miami, Friday at Washington, Sunday at Boston. For the Grizzlies, Wednesday at Minnesota, Friday vs. Cleveland, Saturday at Houston.  