  Notebook: Clippers 111, Bobcats 86 Posted Saturday February 11, 2012 10:33PM By Derek Smith, for NBA.com THE FACTS: Blake Griffin  scored a game-high 21 points and grabbed 10 rebounds to pace five starters in double figures as the Los Angeles Clippers routed the Charlotte Bobcats 111-86 Saturday night at Time Warner Cable Arena. The Bobcats set a franchise record with its 14th consecutive loss. QUOTABLE:  It was great. We were able to control the tempo of the game and get easy baskets off of transition thanks to our defense. We did good on our keys to the game. We limited their defensive field goal percentage; we rebounded well and had a solid assist-to-turnover ratio.  --  Los Angeles Clippers coach  Vinny Del Negro. THE STAT:  Points in the paint. The Clippers dominated almost from the opening tip, but that domination was no more apparent than in the paint. LA scored 50 points in the paint compared to just 28 for Charlotte. Both Griffin and  DeAndre Jordan  picked up double-doubles while the Clippers outrebounded the Bobcats 48-32. TURNING POINT:  Jordan's slam after a miss by Griffin set the tone early for the Clippers and also sparked a 7-0 run which the Bobcats never recovered from. Jordan had 11 points and 12 rebounds including five on the offensive end. The tandem of Griffin and Jordan had eight points and eight rebounds in the opening quarter. HOT:  Griffin was on fire Saturday in Charlotte. The Clippers forward netted 21 points on 7-for-14 shooting including three monster dunks. His throw down in the third quarter electrified the building and brought life to an arena which had been lulled to sleep by the blowout. Griffin also added 10 rebounds, three assists and a blocked shot on the night. It was the fifth straight double-double for Griffin. He is averaging 20.2 points and 11.4 rebounds over the last five contests. NOT:  The Charlotte offense. The Bobcats are last in the league in points and scoring margin having been outscored by an average of 14.6 points per game this season. The Bobcats have yet to crack the 90-point barrier in February and are averaging just 78.6 points and 37.7 percent shooting over the last five games. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:   Chris Paul  put another great stat line on Saturday. Paul scored 18 points and dished out 14 assists. He also added five rebounds and two steals while committing just one turnover. He shot 6-for-11 from the floor and was perfect from the charity stripe. He's averaged 21.8 points and 9.5 assists over the last four games for the Clippers and led them to three victories in that span. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Tonight was the first of five NBA Hardwood Classic games for the Charlotte Bobcats honoring the 35th anniversary of the ABA/NBA merger. Time Warner Cable Arena was decked out in its 70s finest to mark the occasion. The home team sported the Carolina Cougars uniforms from 1969-71 while the Clippers wore the LA Stars jerseys from 1968-70. Carolina Panther players  Steve Smith  and  Jonathan Stewart  were in attendance at the game. NOTABLE:  The Bobcats committed a season-low six turnovers and posted season highs in free throws made (33) and free throws attempted (43) ...  Kemba Walker  scored in double figures for the 17th time this season and had career bests in free throws made (11) and attempted (12) ...  Derrick Brown  was in double figures for the ninth time in his last 11 games ... Griffin recorded his 17th double-double of the season and scored 20 or more for the 15th time this year ...  Caron Butler  (16) scored in double figures for the 14th time this season while  Randy Foye  (12) scored in double figures for the 10th time. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Monday @ Dallas, Wednesday vs. Washington, Thursday @ Portland. For the Bobcats, Monday vs. Philadelphia, Wednesday @ Minnesota, Friday @ Toronto.  