  Notebook: Bucks 102, Wizards 81   By Rick Braun, for NBA.com Posted Saturday December 31, 2011 12:10AM THE FACTS:   Brandon Jennings  scored 22 points to lead five players in double figures, and  Andrew Bogut  posted a double-double of 13 points and 15 rebounds as the Milwaukee Bucks cruised to a 102-81 victory over the winless Washington Wizards Friday night at the Bradley Center. QUOTABLE:  "It's just one of those things we've got to work through. We're three games into the season. If we're still talking about this in two or three weeks, then it's a big issue."   -- Andrew Bogut on the Bucks' struggles playing with a big lead THE STAT:  The Bucks let a 26-point lead slip down to nine in the second half before putting the game away. In Tuesday's victory 98-95 over Minnesota, they let a 20-point lead get cut to two, and in the season opener they blew a 14-point halftime lead in a 96-95 loss. TURNING POINT:  Bogut scored the first four points in a 20-6 run midway through the second quarter that gave the Bucks a 58-35 lead. They were never seriously threatened the rest of the way. QUOTABLE II:  "The league sends out a list and we circle the guys that are active. For some reason Roger wasn't on it and I didn't notice it. I take responsibility."   -- Wizards coach  Flip Saunders  on the mistake that made guard  Roger Mason  ineligible for the game. HOT:  Jennings made 8-for-15 shots and is now 23-for-50 (46 percent) for the season. That's a strong improvement over the 39 percent he shot last season and the 37.1 percent he shot in his rookie year in 2009-10. NOT:  Starting guards  Nick Young  and  John Wall  combined to go 2-for-19 for the Wizards, with Young going 1-for-10 and Wall 1-for-9. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Tight end  Jermichael Finley  of the defending Super Bowl champion Green Bay Packers was in the seats. GOOD MOVE:  After an extremely flat third quarter, Bucks coach  Scott Skiles  went with a lineup of Jennings, Bogut, rookie  Jon Leuer ,  Beno Udrih  and  Carlos Delfino  for much of the fourth quarter, and the Bucks pulled away. BAD MOVE:  Saunders didn't double-check the 12-man roster he turned in before the game that didn't include Mason. Mason entered the game with 3:27 left in the first quarter. When the error was discovered with 2:53 left in the quarter, the Wizards were assessed a technical foul and Mason was ineligible the rest of the way. ROOKIE WATCH:  Leuer had four points and five rebounds in 22 minutes for the Bucks.  Shelvin Mack , the Wizards' second-round pick, went 3-for-3 and had seven points in nine minutes. NOTABLE:  Washington was assessed a first-quarter technical for putting Mason in the game. Mason was ineligible for the game because he wasn't included on the list of active players the Wizards submitted before the game. Mason entered the game with 3:37 left in the quarter scored on a jumper with 3:20 left. During a timeout with 2:53 left, the stat crew pointed out that Mason wasn't on the active list, and the technical foul was assessed. Because Mason technically couldn't play in the game, the basket he scored eventually was credited to  Rashard Lewis . ... Although he was healthy and ready to play, forward  Drew Gooden , the Bucks' big free-agent signing of the summer of 2010, did not play. UP NEXT:  For the Wizards, Sunday vs. Boston, Monday at Boston, Wednesday at Orlando. For the Bucks, Monday at Denver, Tuesday at Utah, Thursday at Sacramento.  