  Notebook: Knicks 100, Timberwolves 98 Posted Sunday February 12, 2012 12:02AM Tom Coyer, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  New York extended its winning streak to a season-high five games with a 100-98 victory over Minnesota.  Jeremy Lin  kept his 20-point scoring streak alive,  Iman Shumpet  matched him also with 20 and  Landry Fields  had 19 as the backcourt trio set the pace for the Knicks. Minnesota led for virtually the entire second, but a late surge by New York carried them to the comeback win. QUOTABLE:  "We knew that guys were tired and we knew that this was a hump game that we had to get over. It was an emotional win for us."   --  Landry Fields  on New York's fatigue, having played three games in four days. THE STAT:   Kevin Love  had an outstanding statistical night, scoring 32 points and 21 rebounds while going 10-of-10 from the free throw line. Over the past two seasons, Love is averaging 32 points and 22 rebounds in his last three games against New York. TURNING POINT:   Scott Novak  hit two threes in the final five minutes, but the one with 36.2 remaining tied the game and gave a tired Knicks team the boost to finish off Minnesota. Then, after a defensive stop by New York ,it was Lin's free throw with 4.9 seconds left that was the game-winner. HOT:  Who else? Lin. After scoring 38 points last night in New York, Lin remained hot. He battled the fatigue of back-to-back games and managed to score 20 to go with eight assists, six rebounds and three steals in the New York win. His 20th point was also the game-winner from the free throw line. THE STAT II:  23. That's how many turnovers Minnesota committed, leading to 29 points for New York. BAD MOVE:  For several minutes late in the fourth quarter, Minnesota went with a "small-ball" lineup. Coach  Rick Adelman's  lineup was three point guards --  Ricky Rubio,   J.J. Berea  and  Luke Rinour  to go with two forwards -- Love and  Michael Beasley . The intent was to reduce turnovers but it made scoring difficult and New York closed the gap to 5 points before re-inserting starting center,  Nikola Pekovic . Minnesota scored just 11 points in the entire fourth quarter. NOTABLE:  The combination of a Saturday night home game, the white-hot Lin and an exciting and resurgent Timberwolves squad saw an announced attendance of 20,232. This is the largest Target Center crowd since 2004. UP NEXT:  For the Knicks Tuesday @ Toronto, Wednesday vs. Sacramento and Friday vs. New Orleans. For the Timberwolves Monday @ Orlando, Wednesday vs. Charlotte and Friday @ Houston.  