  Heat-Nuggets notebook   By Michael Kelly, for NBA.com Posted Friday January 14, 2011 2:03AM THE FACTS:   J.R. Smith  scored 28 points and  Carmelo Anthony  had 21 as the Denver Nuggets routed the  LeBron James -less Miami Heat 130-102 on Thursday night. James sat out with a sprained left ankle suffered in Wednesday's loss to the Clippers. QUOTABLE:  "The last couple of games we've been playing well. Seems like everyone has a little more focus after those two games we lost on the road, two embarrassing losses. We just want to keep it up. Tonight we came out played a hell of a game defensively, offensively."    -- Anthony, on his team's second straight blowout win. THE STAT:  The loss was Miami's second in a row. The Heat had not lost consecutive games since Nov. 24 when they dropped three straight. This also marks the most points Miami has allowed this year. TURNING POINT:  When James was scratched from the lineup for the first time this season. The Heat became much more defendable without him in uniform. QUOTABLE II:  "Nothing to get alarmed about. It's part of the NBA season. Some nights you're going to struggle and not have it. This wasn't lined up for us."    -- Heat guard  Dwyane Wade . HOT:   Ty Lawson  continues to impress as the backup point guard. He provided a spark in the second quarter with eight points and two steals. After missing a game with a strained left knee he has been a big key in two straight Denver blowout wins. NOT:  Heat forward  Mike Miller  got a chance for some quality minutes but showed rust. He was 2-for-7 and was held scoreless until garbage time. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:   Chris Bosh  has been on a tear lately. He is averaging 19.1 points a game in 2011 and has scored in double figures in every game this season except for the opener on Oct. 26. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Former Nuggets star  David Thompson  presented the game ball before tip-off. GOOD MOVE:  Nuggets coach  George Karl  inserted little-used  Melvin Ely  into the rotation in the first half and it paid off. Ely got two key rebounds and scored four points when the game was still close. BAD MOVE:  Miami coach  Erik Spoelstra  started  James Jones  in place of James and got six points and three rebounds in 15 minutes. James is averaging 25.4 points and 7.2 rebounds a game this year. NOTABLE:  Karl won his 300th game as a Nuggets coach and his 1,008th in the NBA. UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Saturday @ Chicago, Tuesday vs. Atlanta, Saturday, Jan. 22 vs. Toronto. For the Nuggets, Saturday vs. Cleveland, Sunday @ San Antonio, Wednesday vs. Oklahoma City.  