  Notebook: Cavs 99, Clippers 92 Posted Thursday February 9, 2012 12:02AM By Brian Dulik, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Power forward  Antawn Jamison  scored a game-high 27 points as the Cleveland Cavaliers pulled off a 99-92 upset of the Los Angeles Clippers. Point guard  Ramon Sessions  added 24 points and a season-best 13 assists for Cleveland, while center  Anderson Varejao  had 15 points and 11 rebounds. Power forward  Blake Griffin  amassed 25 points and 15 boards for Los Angeles, which also got 21 points from small forward  Caron Butler . The Cavaliers played without No. 1 overall draft pick  Kyrie Irving , who was a last-minute scratch after suffering a concussion one night earlier in Miami. QUOTABLE:  "We had no aggression tonight from the get-go. We were not tough enough tonight, and we weren't gritty tonight, and we didn't execute the game plan. I'm very disappointed in our approach. We did not play like pros tonight."   -- Clippers coach  Vinny Del Negro THE STAT:  The Cavaliers' substitute backcourt of Sessions and  Daniel Gibson  combined for 41 points and 15 assists, while Los Angeles counterparts  Chris Paul  and  Randy Foye  collected 31 points and 14 helpers. Cleveland's usual starters -- Irving (concussion) and shooting guard  Anthony Parker  (lower back strain) -- both missed the game with injuries. "With the young fella being out, I had to come in and fill his void," Sessions said. "We've got a lot of guys banged up, but we've also got a lot of guys stepping in doing a great job." TURNING POINT:  Gibson added to his reputation as a clutch player by burying a long 3-pointer with 1:20 left, giving the Cavaliers a 90-87 lead they would not relinquish. Ex-Cleveland guard  Mo Williams  then missed a layup for Los Angeles, which Sessions subsequently turned into two free throws to make it 92-87. The Clippers, who trailed by 15 late in the third quarter, never got closer than two points again -- and were outscored 12-5 to end the game. "We've got a very resilient bunch of guys," Cavaliers coach  Byron Scott  said. "I thought it was fantastic." QUOTABLE II:  "Positives tonight? None whatsoever. We came out flat. I couldn't make a shot. We didn't defend well. This is definitely one of our worst showings."   -- Clippers point guard Chris Paul HOT:  Varejao recorded his fifth straight double-double and is averaging 15.0 points and 14.8 rebounds while shooting .579 during the span. "Wild Thing" also leads the NBA in offensive boards per game (4.5) and is fourth in the league in rebounding average (11.8). "Since I got to Cleveland, the fans have taken to me," the mop-topped Brazilian said. "I didn't speak any English, but every time I would get in a game, I felt like I had somebody behind me, helping and motivating me. And now that they know me, I just want to thank them for everything." NOT:  Clippers power forward  Kenyon Martin  made his NBA season debut, but looked rusty in posting six points, four rebounds, four personal fouls, one technical, and one delay of game in 20 minutes off the bench. ... Los Angeles center  DeAndre Jordan  started, but did not score in 24 minutes. ... Paul missed 11 of his 16 field-goal attempts. ... The Clippers have lost 10 straight games at Quicken Loans Arena, last winning in Cleveland on March 10, 2002. ... Cavaliers backup post players  Semih Erden ,  Luke Harangody  and  Samardo Samuels  collected one point and five fouls. QUOTABLE III:  "I feel like my football team is the Browns, my basketball team is the Cavs, and my baseball team is the Indians. That's all I know. I feel like I'm from here."   -- Cavaliers center Anderson Varejao GOOD MOVE:  The Cavaliers traded Williams to the Clippers on February 24 in exchange for  Baron Davis  and an unprotected first-round draft pick, which wound up being the first overall selection. Cleveland chose Irving, likely setting themselves up at the point for many years to come. "I'm happy it worked out for them," said Williams, who was 2-of-10 from the field and made two turnovers in 34 minutes. "The organization handled everything first class when I was here." BAD MOVE:  Irving was not declared out with a concussion until minutes before tipoff -- and not until after experiencing frightening symptoms. "He went out and warmed up, and he said his head felt like it was on fire," Scott said. The Cavaliers are listing the former Duke star as "day-to-day." Irving remained at Quicken Loans Arena for the entire contest, but was not permitted to speak with the media. "Every individual is different," Scott said. "We'll see how he's doing and go from there." NOTABLE:  Cavaliers small forward  Omri Casspi  had as many dunks as Griffin with one. Casspi's came on a nifty alley-oop from Varejao, while Griffin's was off a Butler fast-break feed. ... Paul had 12 assists, but only four came after intermission. ... The Clippers did not make a free throw in the first half. ... Varejao took two hard falls to the court and was diagnosed with a back contusion, but returned to action both times. He also was whistled for a flagrant foul after knocking Foye out of the air by hog-tying his neck. ... The Cavaliers also played without rookie power forward  Tristan Thompson  (left ankle sprain). ... R&B singer  Trey Songz  sat courtside. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Friday @ Philadelphia, Saturday @ Charlotte, Monday @ Dallas. For the Cavaliers, Friday vs. Milwaukee, Saturday vs. Philadelphia, Wednesday vs. Indiana.  