  Notebook: Timberwolves 97, Warriors 93 Posted Tuesday March 20, 2012 2:36AM By Geoff Lepper, for NBA.com THE FACTS: Kevin Love  posted his league-leading 39th double-double, scoring 36 points and grabbing 17 rebounds as the Minnesota Timberwolves ended a three-game losing streak with a 97-93 win against the Golden State Warriors on Monday. Luke Ridnour  added 11 points and 10 assists and  Anthony Tolliver  had 10 points -- all in the fourth quarter -- and five rebounds as the Timberwolves recovered to win despite coughing up a 14-point halftime lead. David Lee  scored 25 points and grabbed nine assists to lead the Warriors. QUOTABLE:  "With everything that's been going on, losing three in a row, they made their runs at us in the third quarter and fourth quarter and we responded. It was a terrific win."  --  Minnesota head coach  Rick Adelman . THE STAT:  The Timberwolves hadn't used the tandem point-guard look much since  Ricky Rubio  went down with a season-ending knee injury, but Adelman went with the duo of Ridnour and  J.J. Barea  for the final 7 minutes and 59 seconds. The pair delivered with a combined six assists in the quarter and sparked a 19-10 run which left Minnesota up 97-88 with 37 seconds remaining. TURNING POINT:  Adelman didn't have a bevy of frontcourt options once center Nikola Pekovic, still troubled by his sprained left ankle, left the floor for good 3 minutes into third quarter. Tolliver, scoreless in four uneventful first-half minutes, stepped into the breach in the fourth period with all 10 of his points, on 4-for-5 shooting, and added four rebounds. Tolliver's 3-pointer with 4:46 remaining gave Minnesota the lead for good. QUOTABLE II:  "We definitely needed to get at least one of two of these games in the Bay Area, and we felt like we let one slip away last night against a team we could have beat. Down the stretch is where we won the game. We executed, got big stops and made big plays."  --  Love. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Halftime ran for almost 40 minutes as the Warriors honored recent Naismith Hall of Fame inductee  Chris Mullin  by retiring his No. 17 jersey. Mullin joins  Wilt Chamberlain  (No. 13),  Tom Meschery  (No. 14),  Alvin Attles  (No. 16),  Rick Barry  (No. 24) and  Nate Thurmond  (No. 42) on the wall of Oracle Arena. The ceremony turned ugly, however, when owner  Joe Lacob , was booed multiple times as he tried to wrap things up. The situation grew so bad that Mullin came back to center court and tried to sooth the crowd, to no avail. Barry eventually got on the microphone and chastised fans, saying they were doing a "disservice" to themselves, but that also didn't work. Lacob finally powered through his presentation, but the situation cast a pall on Mullin's celebration. QUOTABLE III:  "Look, fans are upset, I guess, that we traded one of their favorites, and that's all I can attribute that to. What I feel bad about it they kind of ruined a night was pretty special. The organization really tried to do the right thing with Chris, and I feel good that we did that. I feel bad for Chris more than anything else."  --  Lacob. HOT:  Love was simply unstoppable in the second half, when the Warriors went small from the get-go. He had 22 points and eight boards after intermission, completing his eighth game with at least 30 points and 15 rebounds this season. By comparison, the entire rest of the NBA only has six such games all season. NOT:  Golden State opened the game shooting 3-for-16, and though they came all the way back to lead in the third quarter, the fans were booing after just five minutes, perhaps priming the pump for the halftime derision poured on Lacob. ROOKIE WATCH:  Minnesota forward  Derrick Williams  wasn't as accurate as he might have been (2-for-9 floor), but he grabbed 11 rebounds to help the Timberwolves outboard Golden State, 48-33. NOTABLE:  This was only Minnesota's fourth win in the Timberwolves' last 18 attempts against Golden State. . . . Love, the league-leader in double-doubles, had his 39th of the season. . . .  Richard Jefferson , coming off a 2-for-14 performance in his Warriors debut, went 6-for-10 and had 19 points. . . .  Klay Thompson  and  Nate Robinson  combined for 30 points but were 11-for-30 from the floor while getting there. UP NEXT:  For the Warriors, Wednesday @ New Orleans, Thursday @ Houston, Saturday vs. Sacramento. For the Timberwolves, Wednesday @ San Antonio, Friday @ Oklahoma City, Sunday vs. Denver.  