  Suns-Nuggets notebook   By Michael Kelly, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday January 12, 2011 12:34AM THE FACTS:   Carmelo Anthony  scored 28 points and grabbed 10 rebounds and  Arron Afflalo  had a career-high 31 points to lead the Denver Nuggets to a 132-98 rout of the Phoenix Suns on Tuesday. The Nuggets snapped a three-game losing streak. QUOTABLE:  "We've had plenty of talks. If we keep talking, I think that lends itself to stupidity. We've got to go out there and demand more of ourselves and go out there and play harder and try to win even if it's not pretty."    -- Suns guard  Steve Nash , on the team losing eight of its last 10 games. THE STAT:  In the first quarter Denver was 6-for-17 from the field and Phoenix was 14-for-22 and led 32-20. Over the next two quarters Denver shot 66 percent and the Suns 29 percent from the field as the Nuggets took a 102-72 lead into the fourth. TURNING POINT:   Ty Lawson  hit  J.R. Smith  with a lob pass that Smith dunked while being fouled by  Marcin Gortat . Smith hit the free throw to give Denver a 41-39 lead with 6:24 left in the second quarter, its first of the game. The Nuggets never trailed after that. QUOTABLE II:  "You can write this in bold -- La La has nothing to do with me staying here or me leaving. Please, keep her out of it. Thank you."    -- Anthony, on talk that his wife,  La La Vazquez , is influencing him to force the Nuggets to trade him to New York or New Jersey. HOT:  Anthony was nearly invisible Sunday but made a strong comeback Tuesday with his ninth double-double of the season. NOT:  Nash had three turnovers and 24 over his last seven games, including six against Cleveland on Sunday. He is averaging 3.4 turnovers and 10 assists in those games. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Afflalo was nearly perfect, going 11-for-14 from the field and hit all seven of his foul shots. GOOD MOVE:  Down by as much as 14 in the first half,  George Karl  went with a small lineup and changed the tone of the game. Denver's three-guard mix, led by Lawson and Smith, helped the Nuggets grab a 49-42 late in the second quarter. BAD MOVE:  The Suns allowed 20 points in the first quarter and 82 in the second and third quarters combined. NOTABLE:  This was the Suns worst loss of the season and their biggest setback since losing by 37 to the Los Angeles Lakers on Dec. 28, 2000. It's the sixth-highest margin of defeat in franchise history. UP NEXT:  For the Suns, Wednesday vs. New Jersey, Friday vs. Portland, Monday @ New York. For the Nuggets, Thursday vs. Miami, Saturday vs. Cleveland, Saturday @ San Antonio.  