  Clippers-Thunder notebook   By Randy Renner, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday February 22, 2011 11:15PM THE FACTS:  Oklahoma City Thunder fans warmly welcomed hometown favorite  Blake Griffin  to Oklahoma City Arena. The Thunder did not, finishing the first half with a big run, 18-2, and building as much as a 26-point lead to cruise past the Los Angeles Clippers 111-88.  Griffin was the game's leading scorer with 28 points. He also pulled down 11 rebounds for his 47th double-double of the season.  Jeff Green  led the Thunder with 22 points.  Kevin Durant  added 21 and  James Harden  came off the bench to contribute 19. The Thunder have now won eight of their last 11 games. The Clippers are going the other way having now lost eight of their last 10. This is also the first time the Thunder has beaten the Clippers in OKC. QUOTABLE:  "It was a good win, everybody chipped in and helped us win this game tonight."   -- Thunder coach  Scott Brooks. THE STAT:  All 12 players on the Thunder roster scored. The bench players contributed 44 points. TURNING POINT:  The end of the first half and the beginning of the fourth quarter. Over the last four minutes of the first half, Oklahoma City outscored LA 18-2. The Thunder were 4-for-5 from the field and 9-for-9 at the free throw stripe. The Clippers were 1-for-7 from the field and did not attempt a free throw. Then to start the fourth quarter Oklahoma City went on a 10-0 run that extended out to 20-7 to put the game away. QUOTABLE II:  "I thought those last three minutes of the first half we played about as good as we can play on the defensive end."   -- Brooks. HOT:  More than two and a half quarters into the game Oklahoma City was 24-for-28 (85.7%) from the free throw line. NOT:  During that same time Los Angeles was just 9-for-19 (47.4%) at the stripe. INSIDE THE ARENA:  A playoff type atmosphere as Thunder fans welcomed back hometown favorite Griffin, who grew up in Oklahoma City and played his college ball at the University of Oklahoma. The sellout crowd gave Griffin a rousing ovation when he was introduced but after that treated him like any other opposing player. Among the fans sitting court-side was St. Louis Rams quarterback and former OU Heisman Trophy winner  Sam Bradford , former Toronto Blue Jays star and OKC native  Joe Carter  and Cincinnati Bengals tight end and former OU star  Jermaine Gresham . GOOD MOVES:  Early in the game Oklahoma City point guard  Russell Westbrook  drove into the lane and fired a behind-the-back bounce pass to center Serge Ibaka who leapt into the air and slammed it home. Not to be out-done, Clippers point guard  Baron Davis  led a fast break right after that Ibaka dunk and found a wide open Blake Griffin along the baseline who also leapt into the air for a slam. ROOKIE WATCH:  Clippers forward Blake Griffin, playing his first NBA game back in his hometown, was on the floor for 33 minutes. He scored 28 points, grabbed 11 rebounds and dished eight assists. But he struggled at the stripe going just 10-for-17. Thunder center  Cole Aldrich  saw his first action in several weeks. He played 11:20, scoring two points and pulling down four rebounds. He also blocked a shot. NOTABLE:  After scoring only five "blowout" wins through January, the Thunder have now posted "blowouts" in three of their last four wins, 121-105 at Utah, 126-96 over Sacramento and tonight's 111-88 win over the Clippers. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Wednesday @ New Orleans, Friday @ LA Lakers, Saturday vs Celtics. For the Thunder, Wednesday @ San Antonio, Friday @ Orlando, Sunday vs Lakers.  