
 Pistons-Kings notebook   By Jimmy Spencer, for NBA.com Posted Sunday November 14, 2010 11:05PM THE FACTS:   Ben Gordon 's 3-pointer with 23.9 seconds left in the game was the deciding blow in the Detroit Pistons' 100-94 road victory against the Sacramento Kings on Sunday night. Gordon's 3-pointer from the corner pushed Detroit's lead to five and flaunted what Sacramento couldn't do all night: make a 3-point shot. The Kings shot 2-for-18 from behind the arc despite shooting 45 percent overall. QUOTABLE:   "That's where I make my money at, playing in the fourth quarter. That's what I have been known for my whole career. That's when I like to be in the game."   --  Detroit guard  Ben Gordon THE STAT:  Home wins are supposed to be easier for a young team, but so far that hasn't been the case in Sacramento as the Kings fell to 1-4 at home. After a 2-1 start on the road, and winning its first game at home, Sacramento has now dropped four consecutive games at Arco Arena. The Kings have three games remaining in their current four-game homestand. TURNING POINT:  Gordon's shot in the final moments may have been the obvious turning point, but that Detroit coach  John Kuester 's decision to keep Gordon in the game late was more obvious to the guard's success. In Detroit's overtime win against the Clippers on Friday, Gordon didn't play in the final minutes or in overtime. QUOTABLE II:  "I think [the Pistons] are a playoff team in the East. I don't think there is much doubt about it. "   --  Sacramento coach  Paul Westphal HOT:  Detroit guard  Rodney Stuckey  scored 17 points for the third consecutive game and added a team-high seven assists. NOT:  The Kings were held to less than 100 points for the fourth consecutive game. ROOKIE WATCH:  Two of the 2010 Draft's top big men competed in the contest.  Greg Monroe  outshined Sacramento's  DeMarcus Cousins . Monroe tallied six points and eight rebounds in 15 minutes while Cousins played 24 minutes and had six points, eight rebounds and committed six turnovers. NOTABLE:   Sacramento's young roster isn't lacking in size with the inside presence of  Samuel Dalembert ,  Carl Landry , Cousins and  Jason Thompson . Kuester responded to the Kings' size by inserting forward  Jason Maxiell  into the starting lineup for the first time all season. Maxiell responded with seven rebounds, three of which came on the offensive glass. His biggest rebound, however, wouldn't be logged in the stat book. With 1:22 remaining in the fourth quarter, as the Pistons led 94-92, Maxiell fought on the offensive glass after a  Tayshaun Prince  missed jumper, causing the ball to go off of Sacramento and retaining a Detroit possession. On that ensuing possession, Prince hit a critical jumper to give Detroit a four-point advantage with just more than a minute remaining. UP NEXT:  For the Pistons, Monday at Golden State, Wednesday vs.Lakers, Sunday vs. Washington. For the Kings, Wednesday vs. New York, Friday vs. New Jersey, Sunday vs. New Orleans. 
