  Spurs-Wolves notebook   By Jim Beilby, for NBA.com Posted Thursday November 25, 2010 12:02AM THE FACTS:  The Minnesota Timberwolves dominated the San Antonio Spurs for three quarters, but the Spurs found a way to send the game into overtime and defeat the Wolves for the 13th straight time, 113-109. With the win, the Spurs improved their league-leading record to 13-1. QUOTABLE:  "I don't know if it's just the Timberwolves. He's a pretty good player. He's the ultimate competitor. He plays for us the way  Kevin Love  plays for (Minnesota). He's always full bored and he's a very smart player."   -- Spurs coach  Gregg Popovich  on  Manu Ginobli 's propensity to have big games against the Timberwolves. THE STAT:  San Antonio was 1-for-16 from beyond the arc in the first two and a half quarters, but it made four straight in a key stretch to end the third quarter and start the fourth. TURNING POINT:  With 16.2 seconds to play, San Antonio's  Gary Neal  took a 3-point shot and was fouled by Minnesota's  Wes Johnson . He made all three free throws, tying the game at 106-106. Minnesota had led since the 10:28 mark of the first quarter and led by as much as 21 points. QUOTABLE II:  "Whatever he's showing now, I think he's better than that. I think he's going to get better."   -- Minnesota coach  Kurt Rambis  on  Darko Milicic , who in the last four games has averaged 17 points. One of the Spurs coaches was also impressed, saying of Darko: "Jesus, was that Kareem out there?" HOT:  Minnesota's frontcourt. Love scored 32 and grabbed 22 rebounds and Milicic scored 22, grabbed eight rebounds and blocked five shots. NOT:  San Antonio's frontcourt.  Tim Duncan  and  DeJuan Blair  combined for 12 points. NOTABLE:  Ginobli scored 14 of his 26 points in the fourth quarter. As significant as his scoring, however, was the fact that he drew a foul on Milicic on the first play in overtime. It was Darko's sixth foul and his absence was a significant factor in the Spur's victory. UP NEXT:  For the Wolves, Saturday vs. Golden State, next Wednesday @ Dallas, and next Friday @ San Antonio. For the Spurs, Friday vs. Dallas, Sunday @ New Orleans, Tuesday @ Golden State.  