  Magic-Hornets notebook   By Larry Holder, for NBA.com  Posted Thursday January 13, 2011 12:10AM THE FACTS:  Reserve guard  Marcus Thornton  came off the bench to score a team-high 22 points along with nine rebounds to guide the New Orleans Hornets to a 92-89 overtime win over the Orlando Magic. The Hornets snapped the Magic's nine-game winning streak. TURNING POINT:  With the Magic up 87-86, the Hornets played tight defense to force a 24-second shot clock violation with 2:02 left in overtime. New Orleans came down the next two possessions with a  Trevor Ariza  layup with 1:46 left and a Thornton 21-footer with 37.1 left to give the Hornets the lead for good. QUOTABLE:  "The last two or three weeks has been kind of rough. I've been in the gym every morning before everybody and hit a couple of shots up. I have to give a shoutout to coach V (Fred Vinson) because he said it was going to be one of my breakout games."   --Marcus Thornton on fighting through his recent shooting woes to put it all together against the Magic THE STAT:  The Magic were only 5 of 10 from the free-throw line. It hurt them most in overtime when center  Dwight Howard  missed two free throw with 11.6 seconds left in overtime to help the Hornets win. Howard's free throws would have given the Magic a one-point lead. QUOTABLE II:  "There's not a real sense of urgency. They're kind of just putting it in cruise control and playing. It's not good enough. The pace of the game was extremely slow. ... We knew that that's how they wanted to play the game. We wanted to play the game a lot faster."   --Magic coach  Stan Van Gundy  on the speed of the game HOT:  Both centers. Howard dominated in the paint going 13 of 19 from the floor for a game-high 29 points and 20 rebounds. Hornets center  Emeka Okafor  was certainly no slouch, going 8 of 11 from the field with 18 points and 14 rebounds. NOT:  Pick your Magic player. Forward  Hedo Turkoglu  went 2 of 10 shooting, forward  Brandon Bass  went 3 of 13,  Jameer Nelson  went 1 of 9 and  J.J. Redick  went 2 of 11, including an airball on the Magic's final shot. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Actor Jeremy Piven sat courtside for Wednesday night's game. Piven is in New Orleans filming "So Undercover," which also stars Miley Cyrus. NOTABLE:  Hornets starting guard  Marco Belinelli  left game early in first quarter with a sprained right ankle and didn't return. It forced Hornets coach  Monty Williams  to play Thornton for 32 minutes. Williams said after the game that he didn't even plan on playing Thornton on Wednesday. ...  Chris Paul  added 12 points and 13 assists, while  David West  had 13 points and 10 rebounds in the Hornets' win. ... Paid attendance in the New Orleans Arena was 13,688. UP NEXT:  The next three games for each team, in this format. For the Magic, Thursday @ Oklahoma City, Saturday @ Minnesota, Monday @ Boston. For the Hornets, Friday @ Houston, Saturday @ Charlotte, Monday vs. Toronto.  