  Notebook: Wizards 113, Bobcats 85 Posted Monday April 9, 2012 10:26PM By Derek S. Smith, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The Washington Wizards snapped theirfive-game losing streak and handed the Charlotte Bobcats their 12th straight defeat with a 113-85 demolition Monday night at Time Warner Cable Arena.  Jordan Crawford  scored a team-best 20 points to pace seven Washington players in double figures.  Corey Maggette  led all scorers with 23 points off the bench for Charlotte. QUOTABLE:  "These guys were focused. They got out early and got out on the break successfully. We were able to get guys involved on both ends of the court and that really made it easy. It always helps to make the shots too."   -- Washington coach  Randy Wittman THE STAT:  The Charlotte Bobcats lost by 20 or more points for the 18th time this season and the third time in the last four games. Charlotte is also last in the league in point differential having being outscored by an average of 13.1 points per game which ranks amount the worst differentials in NBA history. TURNING POINT:  This game was over early. Washington started the game on an 8-0 run and were never really challenged after that. Charlotte pulled to with two at 12-10, but the Wizards used another 10-2 run to pull away. The Bobcats never got closer than nine the rest of the way and the Wizards led by as many as 32 points. QUOTABLE II:  "Our two ten day guys ( Cartier Martin  and  James Singleton ) were outstanding for us tonight. They came out with something to prove and made the most of it. They are slowing getting their feet wet and getting used to being out there for us."   -- Wittman HOT:   Cartier Martin  and  James Singleton . The Wizards currently have two players under 10-day contracts and both played an impressive role in Washington's win Monday night. Martin scored 19 points on 7-for-13 shooting with four three and six rebounds while Singleton scored 18 points and hauled in a game-best 12 rebounds. NOT:   Tyrus Thomas.  The Bobcats forward is in a slump of late. Thomas scored two points in the loss to Washington Monday night and has just 16 points over his last five games. Thomas has struggled most of the season with finding his role on the Bobcats squad and is averaging career low 5.6 points per game. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:   Kevin Seraphin  has scored in double figures in the last seven games for Washington. Seraphin is averaging 14.8 points and 7.0 rebounds in the seven game stretch which is almost triple his scoring average (6.4 ppg) and well above his rebounding average (4.5 rpg). ROOKIE WATCH:   Jan Vesely  had his first career double-double with his 11-point, 11-rebound performance.  Shelvin Mack  came off the bench for Washington to score in double figures as well with 11 points. Bobcat rookie  Kemba Walker  scored 16 points and dished out seven assists. It was his seventh time in the last eight outings where he scored in double figures. NOTABLE:  Charlotte designated  Stephen Silas , the son of Paul Silas, the bench coach for the game. ... The Bobcats have lost 12 straight for the second time this season. No other NBA team has had a losing streak as long this year. ... Maggette has topped the 20-point plateau in eight of the last 16 games for Charlotte. ... James Singleton has led the Wizards in rebounding in two of his three games. ... Jordan Crawford is averaging 16.8 points in 25 games as a starter this season. He is averaging more than 17.5 points per game in the 25 games since the All-Star break. UP NEXT:  For the Wizards, Tuesday vs. Orlando, Friday at New York, Saturday vs. Cleveland. For the Bobcats, Tuesday at Cleveland, Thursday vs. Detroit, Friday at Miami.  