  Notebook: Spurs 128, Hornets 103 Posted Saturday April 7, 2012 12:04AM By Tim Price, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  A new leader has emerged in the Western Conference after the San Antonio Spurs got a 19-point, 8-for-9 shooting performance from  Tim Duncan  in a 128-103 victory over the New Orleans Hornets on Friday at AT&T Center. The Spurs (39-14) have won 10 straight and have surged to a West-best .736 winning percentage. Oklahoma City (40-15) is .727 after losing at Indiana, and now the Thunder are second best after spending all season at the top of the conference standings. San Antonio can match a season-best 11-game streak Sunday at home against Utah. The Spurs shot almost 61 percent (51-for-84), and it's the second time in the last three games that they've scored a season-high point total. The Hornets continue with the worst record in the West (14-41). Playing without starting point guard  Jarrett Jack  (in addition to the continued absence of the injured  Emeka Okafor ), the bright spot was the play of  Eric Gordon  (31 points in almost 32 minutes). It was his second game back after missing the previous 39 games with an injured right knee. Otherwise, it was rotten for the Hornets. They missed their worst loss of the season by one point. QUOTABLE:  "Normally, I talk about us and what we didn't do. But that Spurs team is about as complete as I've seen. We couldn't guard tonight. We couldn't have guarded a bike tonight if we were riding it."    -- Hornets coach  Monty Williams THE STAT:  The Spurs scored a season-high 72 points in the first half by shooting almost 67 percent (30-for-45 from the floor with 6-for-10 going down from past the 3-point line). More than that, San Antonio limited the Hornets to 16-for-41 (39 percent from the floor) before halftime. San Antonio had a 73-point half last season. TURNING POINT:  New Orleans trailed by 10 points after the Spurs enjoyed 71-percent shooting in the first quarter. The Hornets still had it at a 12-point deficit midway through the second quarter when the Spurs hit five of their next six shots on the way to outscoring the Hornets 20-4 over a 4 ½-minute span. QUOTABLE II:  "It was a great (first) half for tonight. New Orleans has been playing hard all year under tough circumstances, and tonight we played just really, really well in the first half and were able to jump on them."    -- Spurs coach  Gregg Popovich HOT:  Duncan's 8-for-9 shooting night is his first at 50-percent or better since going 9-for-18 four games back against Sacramento. NOT:  Everyone wearing a Hornets uniform that did not have the name Gordon written on it shot poorly in the first quarter. Gordon was 5-for-9 in the opening 12 minutes; the rest of the team was 4-for-14. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  After missing 39 games, Gordon's game has come back rather quickly upon his return to the lineup these past two games. His 31 points, four assists and three steals tonight against the Spurs goes along with 15 points, four assists and four rebounds in his return Wednesday. GOOD MOVE:  The Spurs hadn't played  Boris Diaw  in two of the past three games coming into Friday. But they inserted him late in the first quarter, and Diaw helped the Spurs keep their first-quarter offense rolling. He scored six points on 3-for-4 shooting and grabbed three offensive rebounds to keep possessions going in 11 first-half minutes. BAD MOVE:  With Jack out, the Hornets could not find much offense in the starting lineup save for Gordon. Replacement point guard  Greivis Vasquez  played 29 minutes but could hand out only one assist. He got to the foul line twice. ROOKIE WATCH:   Kawhi Leonard  hit 3-for-5 shots, including a stout baseline drive and slam dunk against  Chris Kaman , and scored six points in 21 minutes.  Gustavo Ayon  went 1-for-5 and scored four points while Hornets teammate  Lance Thomas  went scoreless in 11 minutes. NOTABLE:  Duncan and  Tony Parker  (seven points, six assists) did not play the final 15 minutes of the game and  Manu Ginobili  (14 points on 5-for-6 shooting) sat after the Spurs had a 99-73 lead less than a minute into the fourth quarter. The rest (Duncan and Ginobili each played 21 minutes and Parker played 16), could come in handy. The Spurs play four games in six days, including a home-and-home back-to-back with Utah on Sunday and Monday before playing the Lakers on Wednesday. ... San Antonio has swept New Orleans in the season series twice in the last three seasons. ... By not having Jack tonight against the Spurs, the Hornets lost their most effective player against San Antonio. Jack had gone 23-for-41 for an average of 27 points and seven assists in two games this season versus the Spurs. ...  Carl Landry  was called for a flagrant foul 1 when his foul to the upper body of  DeJuan Blair  in the third quarter caused Blair to fall to the floor. UP NEXT:  For the Hornets, Saturday vs. Minnesota, Monday vs. L.A. Lakers, Wednesday vs. Sacramento. For the Spurs, Sunday vs. Utah, Monday @ Utah, Wednesday vs. L.A. Lakers.  