  Notebook: Raptors 116, Rockets 98  Posted Wednesday March 7, 2012 10:57PM By Duane Watson, for NBA.com THE FACTS:   DeMar DeRozan  scored a game-high 23 points as the Toronto Raptors beat the Houston Rockets116-98 at the Air Canada Centre on Wednesday night. The Raptors took advantage of Houston playing the second of back-to-back games, after their 98-95 overtime loss to the Boston Celtics on Tuesday night. Shots were falling for the Raptors as they shot as season high .592 per cent from the field and .500 from the 3-point line. The Raptors took a 12 point lead into halftime, but the Rockets made a run in the third,  lead by  Chandler Parsons , who scored 10 points in the quarter, to close it out at 82-76. The Raptors responded with a season-high 34-point fourth quarter, closing the door early and outperforming the Rockets in almost every statistical category. The Rockets have now lost five in a row, with their last win coming against the Raptors 88-85 on February 28th. The Raptors split their four-game home stand and improve to 7-13 at home. For the Raptors,  Linas Kleiza  came off the bench to pour in 19 and  Jose Calderon  had 17 points and 12 assists. Parsons scored 19 points for the Rockets while  Kyle Lowry  added 16. QUOTABLE:  "We owed this team, we were so close there Houston so we really wanted to get a win tonight and everybody played great. It was a good game for us."   -- Raptors guard   Calderon THE STAT:  The Raptors ability to get out and finish on the break was a key to defeating the Rockets. The Raptors outscored the Rockets in fast break points 20-8 tonight. "It's always fun to get out on the break," DeRozan said. "Coach is definitely emphasizing that more, letting us get out, just having fun and when you get baskets like that you see us just out there having fun." TURNING POINT:  While the Raptors enjoyed a lead as big as 17 points in the game, the Rockets rallied back to make it close. However, Kleiza's put back dunk with 6:18 left in the fourth quarter put the Raptors ahead 95-87 and sustained their momentum closing out the game on a 21-11 run. QUOTABLE II:  "Always feels good to get a win, especially how we've been losing these close games lately that we definitely should be pulling out, but we needed this one tonight. Especially with Drea (Bargnani) coming back and try to get things rolling."   -- Raptors guard DeRozan HOT:  The Raptors started the game shooting .684 from the floor in the first quarter. They only cooled slightly with their team, shooting for the half, going .632 (24 for 38) from the field, .800 (8 for 10) from the free throw line and .400 from the 3-point line going 2 for 5. NOT:   Kevin Martin  was off tonight for the Rockets, only making one of seven from the field for seven points and three assists. He only managed 11 points and three assists the night before in the overtime loss to the Celtics. BAD MOVE:  The Rockets made a 20-8 run in the third quarter. Parsons went for 10 points in the quarter against many of the Raptors reserves. Raptors head coach  Dwane Casey  didn't make a move to insert defensive stopper  James Johnson  to coral Parsons, but did nothing as the Rockets run continued. NOTABLE:  Toronto finished the game with a season-high 116 points. ... The Raptors 34 points in the fourth quarter were the most scored in a quarter by the Raptors in a season. ... Toronto shot a season-best .592 (45 for 76) from the field. ... Calderon collected his team-high eight double-double with 17 points and 12 assist. ... Six different countries were represented on the court at one point in the second quarter -- Brazil, Canada, Haiti, Slovenia, Spain and the United States. UP NEXT:  Toronto plays Saturday @Detroit, on Sunday vs. Milwaukee and on Tuesday @ Cleveland. For Houston they are @ New Jersey on Saturday, @ Cleveland on Sunday and @ Oklahoma City on Tuesday.  