Notebook: Kings 125, Magic 101 
 
 
 Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Feb 27, 2013 11:39 PM - Updated Wed Feb 27, 2013 11:39 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:  Twenty-four hours after taking the Heat into double overtime in Miami, the Sacramento Kings went up the road and dropped 67 points on the Orlando Magic in the first half, breaking a six-game losing streak in a 125-101 rout. 
 
 John Salmons  scored 21 points in just 22 minutes, and the Kings got 64 points from their bench, including 20 more from  Marcus Thornton . Thornton's 36 points against the Heat had set an NBA season high for a non-starter. 
 In only his third game with the Magic,  Tobias Harris  came off the bench with a game-high and career-high 23 points, but the Magic lost by 24 points or more at home for the fifth time this season. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "Before the game I was feeling kind of sluggish. Then we got to running and the blood was flowing so I felt good. It was good that we were able to come out with that kind of energy." 
 -- Kings center  DeMarcus Cousins , who played 49 minutes Tuesday night. 
 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "That's just an excuse. They played yesterday too and they played two overtimes." 
 -- Magic guard  Beno Udrih  on the team's back-to-back. 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Ranked 23rd in the NBA in field goal percentage, the Kings shot 62 percent in the first half and 54 percent for the game. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  A driving layup by  Tyreke Evans  started an 18-3 Kings run over a four-minute stretch of the first quarter, putting Sacramento in command. The margin was never under 13 in the final three quarters, and Sacramento led by 33 at one point. 
 
 HOT:  Thornton has scored 56 points in two games. 
 
 NOT:  Magic center  Nik Vucevic  followed his 19-rebound effort at Philadelphia with four points and two rebounds, the latter a season low. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  No Kings' starter played as many as 27 minutes in a game that was essentially over by halftime. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "The problem with our team is that when they give up on who succeeds and allow the team to function first, they've been able to play and compete like this. But when one guy needs to have all the glory and the other guys are upset, that's when we have our problems. ... It all comes down to if our team can be selfless and give themselves up, then they all can get what they want, and that's what they did tonight." 
 -- Kings coach  Keith Smart 
 
 
 BAD MOVE:   E'Twaun Moore  drained three 3-pointers that spotted the Magic a six-point lead early in the first quart, but was replaced in the normal substitution pattern. The game got away from the Magic almost immediately. 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Harris has scored 14, 16 and 23 points in three games since coming to the Magic in the  J.J. Redick  trade. He might be able to put up numbers on a team going nowhere. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  The Magic's four rookies combined for 31 points, 12 of them by starting forward  Maurice Harkless . 
 
 NOTABLE:  The Magic became the sixth NBA team in this century to lose five home games by 24 or more points. ... The Kings have scored 100 points in eight of their last nine games. ... The Magic have not won two straight since Dec. 17-19. ... Magic guard  Jameer Nelson  missed a fifth game with a patella contusion. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Kings: Friday @ San Antonio, Sunday vs. Charlotte, Tuesday vs. Denver. For the Magic: Friday vs. Houston, Sunday vs. Memphis, Monday @ New Orleans. 
