  Notebook: Raptors 102, Hawks 86 Posted Sunday April 15, 2012 10:16PM By Matt Winkeljohn, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Sunday was all about role reversal when the woebegone Raptors visited the surging Hawks.  DeMar DeRozan  scored 23 points, and Toronto made 55.4 percent of its shots to whip the Hawks 102-86 for their second straight win over a playoff-bound team. The Hawks, who still have a mathematical shot at the No. 3 seed in the East as they trail the Pacers by three games, played poor defense and other than  Josh Smith  -- who scored 26 points on 11-for-20 shooting -- were generally dreadful. All other Atlanta players combined to make just 18-of-52 shots, and All-Star guard  Joe Johnson  scored just seven points on 2-for-12 shooting. The Hawks never led, trailed 53-39 at halftime after routing the Magic on Friday in Orlando for their fourth win in five games, and were behind by 24 points in the middle of the fourth quarter. D-League callup  Alan Anderson  started for the seventh time and scored 16 points for Toronto, 14 coming in that first half (when DeRozan scored 15 and the Raptors shot 58.8 percent). QUOTABLE:  "We still have pride, we're still men, and this is our job."  --  Toronto reserve forward  James Johnson , who had 15 points (all in the fourth quarter) and four rebounds in one of his best performances since he and head coach  Dwane Casey  got into a spat of sorts a while back. THE STAT:  46-28: Even with high-caliber starting forward-center  Andrea Bargnani  shut down for the remainder of the season with a strained left calf, the Raptors outscored Atlanta 46-28 in the paint. The Hawks sorely missed center  Al Horford , who's been out since January with a torn pectoral muscle, and after  Zaza Pachulia  went down with a sprained left foot Friday in Orlando, that left  Jason Collins  to start at center. He had one point and one rebound in 5:26. On the plus side, sort of, rookie forward  Ivan Johnson  had 14 points and seven rebounds off the bench for Atlanta. TURNING POINT:  The Hawks weren't playing well, having fallen behind 21-11 in the first quarter, but they more or less righted themselves through the bulk of the second quarter. Then, the Raptors closed the half with a 12-2 run as Anderson hit two 3-pointers and  Ben Uzoh  -- like Anderson a D-League call-up -- added four in that span. The Hawks cut a 53-39 halftime deficit to five points with a 15-6 run to open the second half, but Toronto scored the next seven points and never saw its lead drop below seven points again. QUOTABLE II:  "Give Toronto credit. They were better than us tonight. If we come out and start like that [Monday, in Toronto], they'll be better than us [Monday]. We'll see."  --  Joe Johnson. HOT:  Anderson made 5-of-7 shots in the first half, including all three of his treys, for 14 points. . . . Josh Smith scored 12 points in the first quarter, making 6-of-9 shots with three rebounds. He had 11 points in the third quarter. . . . The Raptors shot 68.8 percent in that second quarter, making 11-of-16 shots. DeRozan scored nine points on 4-for-5 shooting. . . . In his red-hot fourth quarter, James Johnson made 6-of-8 shots and 3-of-4 free throws. . . . In the fourth quarter,  Willie Green  scored 11 points off the bench for the Hawks. NOT:  Joe Johnson made just 1-of-8 shots in the first half on the way to a 2-for-12 night. . . . Atlanta point guard  Jeff Teague  had one of his least productive games of the season with two points, two assists, a steal and a turnover. He made 1-of-4 shots. GOOD MOVE:  Casey called quite a bit of zone defense, and it frequently seemed to flumox the Hawks. BAD MOVE:  Starting Collins provided the Hawks no discernible advantage. NOTABLE:  Toronto has some decisions to make. The second 10-day contracts of Anderson and Uzoh (who started and scored 10 points) expire today. Also, the first 10-day contract of rookie guard  Justin Dentmon  -- like Anderson and Uzoh a D-League call-up -- expires today as well. . . . Even with centers Horford and Pachulia sidelined, Hawks head coach  Larry Drew  did not play 15-year veteran center  Erick Dampier . Interestingly, former Cavs center  Zydrunas Ilgauskas , who played last season with Miami before saying last September that he was retired, was in attendance Sunday. He may be a candidate to sign with the Hawks. UP NEXT:  For the Raptors, Monday vs. Hawks, Wednesday @ Heat, Sunday @ Pistons. For the Hawks, Monday @ Raptors, Wednesday vs. Pistons, Friday vs. Celtics.  