  Notebook: Timberwolves 99, Mavericks 82   By Jim Beilby, for NBA.com Posted Sunday January 1, 2012 11:20PM THE FACTS:  It has been 295 days since the Minnesota Timberwolves had a victory. And they got it against the reigning champions, defeating the Dallas Mavericks on Sunday night, 99-82.  Kevin Love  had another monster night, scoring 25 points and grabbing 17 rebounds (including seven offensive boards) as Minnesota withstood a couple of runs by Dallas and scored the final 15 points of the game. QUOTABLE:  "Obviously, really happy to get a win ... for the players. They've worked really hard and stayed with it all this time since we started. We responded against a very good team tonight. They made runs at us and we responded each time. Down the stretch, I thought we executed really well and made stops when they had the ball. That's what you have to do to win games down the stretch."   -- Minnesota coach  Rick Adelman THE STAT:  Minnesota outrebounded Dallas by 20 (64-44) and held them to 13 points and 27.8 percent shooting in the final quarter. The surprising Wolves came into the game leading the league in fourth quarter opponent field goal percentage, only allowing their opponents to shoot 32.8 percent in the final frame. Last year, they were dead last in that statistic, allowing their opponents to shoot nearly 47 percent from the floor. TURNING POINT:  After Minnesota rebuilt a 12 point lead with 8:26 to play in the game,  Dirk Nowitzki  and the Mavericks went on a 10-0 run to cut the lead to two, 84-82. In the past, this would have lead to a double digit loss for the Wolves, but tonight Minnesota responded. Kevin Love  hit back-to-back 3-pointers, including an impressive step-back three. And then rookie guard  Ricky Rubio  found  Anthony Tolliver  for another pair of 3-pointers. The second assist was a pass through the legs of Nowitzki that hit Tolliver in the hands on on stride. HOT:  In his first four games, Rubio has had ups and downs, but he has been uniformly strong at crunch time. In the fourth quarters of those four games, Rubio has 21 points, 14 assists, and seven rebounds on 7-for-10 shooting (2-for-2 from 3-point range). Rubio's plus/minus in these fourth quarters is +27. QUOTABLE II:  "It's a new year. We're the best team in 2012 right now. We feel good because we beat a good team tonight."   -- Minnesota forward  Kevin Love NOTABLE:  Minnesota's three losses this season (Oklahoma City, Milwaukee, and Miami) have come by a combined total of nine points. Minnesota's victory also snaps a nine game home losing streak to the Mavericks. Dallas on the other hand hasn't had such a bad start to the season since 2006-2007 when they started 0-4. UP NEXT:  For the Wolves, Monday vs. San Antonio, Wednesday vs. Memphis, Friday vs. Cleveland. For the Mavericks, Monday vs. Oklahoma City, Wednesday vs. Phoenix, Thursday @ San Antionio.  