  Notebook: Bucks 95, Bobcats 90 Posted Saturday April 7, 2012 12:32AM By Rick Braun, for NBA.com THE FACTS: Monta Ellis  and  Brandon Jennings  split the points in a key 8-0 run in the final 3 1/2 minutes to help the Milwaukee Bucks escape with a sloppy but important 95-90 victory over the Charlotte Bobcats on Friday night at the Bradley Center. Ellis finished with 25 points, Jennings had 18 points and nine assists and  Ersan Ilyasova  had 12 points and 15 rebounds as the Bucks (27-28) pulled within a game of the New York Knicks for the eighth and final playoff spot in the Eastern Conference. The Bobcats (7-46) lost their 10th straight game despite career-highs of 31 points and 14 rebounds by forward  Byron Mullens  in a career-high 42 minutes and 34 seconds of playing time. Rookie  Kemba Walker  added 18 points, eight assists and seven rebounds for Charlotte. QUOTABLE:  "It depends on what your standard is as a human being. I think you can (be picky). I told the guys, 'I'm not going home happy tonight.' I don't think they should be either. I think they should be a little bit disgusted by it, and whatever they did to prepare today they need to do something different tomorrow."  --  Bucks head coach  Scott Skiles  when asked if his team could be picky about how they played while getting a needed victory. THE STAT:  Charlotte outshot and outrebounded Milwaukee, but the Bucks won because of a 27-12 advantage in points off turnovers. Milwaukee turned it over just 12 times while forcing the Bobcats into 20 miscues. TURNING POINT:  The Bucks were in danger of suffering a second loss to Charlotte (the Bobcats beat them in Charlotte on opening night) as they trailed, 84-83, after  Gerald Henderson's  steal and layup with 3:40 left. But Ellis went to the basket hard to earn two free throws, Jennings stole a  Derrick Brown  pass and went in for a layup, Ellis scored a reverse layup and Jennings scored on a runner in the lane. That 8-0 run made it 91-84 with 1:30 left and the Bobcats couldn't recover. QUOTABLE II:  "At a certain point, you have to have standards for yourself. You have to play to a certain standard, and we're just not doing that. I think we feel good that we won, because it counts in the win column, but we know that if we keep this up it's going to result in a lot of losses."  --  Bucks forward  Mike Dunleavy  on the team's play in badly needed victories the last two games against a Cleveland team that had lost nine straight and the struggling Bobcats, who lost their 10th straight. HOT:  Mullens made 14-of-23 shots for his career-high 31 points. NOT:  The starting backcourt of Henderson (4-for-13) and Walker (6-for-26) combined to go 10-for-39 for Charlotte. GOOD MOVE:  Bobcats head coach  Paul Silas  didn't have many players to go to with  Corey Maggette  and  D.J. Augustin  out, so when Mullens got a hot hand in the first half, Silas kept calling his number. ROOKIE WATCH:  Charlotte center  Bismack Biyombo  had a career-best 14 points and was one short of his career-high in rebounds with 14. He helped the Bobcats to a 57-45 edge on the boards. QUOTABLE III:  "Nothing against Mullens, but he looked like Bill Russell out there. Our preparation this morning wasn't good, we weren't good to start the game, our defense was terrible ... and we won. Yippee."  --  Skiles NOTABLE:  The Bucks played without regulars  Drew Gooden  (back),  Carlos Delfino  (groin) and  Luc Richard Mbah a Moute  (right knee tendinitis). Gooden and Delfino are starters, and Mbah a Moute was starting in Delfino's place before having to sit out. All three are day-to-day and will have their status for Saturday's game against Portland determined before the game.  Shaun Livingston  started at small forward and had four points, five rebounds and six assists in 20 minutes. ... After shooting 56.4 percent (22 for 39) in the first half, the Bobcats made just 14 of 46 shots (30.4 percent) in the second half. ... The Bucks are 20-8 all-time against the Bobcats, their best winning percentage (.714) against any opponent, including 13-1 at the Bradley Center... Bobcats forward Eduardo Najera hit heads with Bucks forward Jon Brockman and was sent to a local hospital for X-rays where it was learned he had a fracture of the frontal bone (forehead). Najera was released and is returning with the Bobcats tonight.  UP NEXT:  For the Bobcats, Saturday vs. Atlanta, Monday vs. Washington, Tuesday @ Cleveland. For the Bucks, Saturday vs. Portland, Monday vs. Oklahoma City, Wednesday vs. New York.  