  Nets-Lakers notebook   By Jake Appleman, for NBA.com Posted Sunday December 12, 2010 5:16PM THE FACTS:  In front of what felt like Hollywood East, the  Kobe Bryant -led Lakers held off a late charge from the Nets to win the third game in their seven-game road swing, 99-92. With  Earvin "Magic" Johnson  seated courtside, Bryant finished with 32 points, Magic's number.  Brook Lopez  battled hard and paced the Nets with 25 points and 9 rebounds. QUOTABLE:  "All you gotta do is go out there and play and stay with it and good things happen." --  Ron Artest , on the Lakers' seventeenth victory THE STAT:  Both teams played hard, but they struggled from the field, with the Nets' 40.4% being slightly inferior to the Lakers' 41.5%. "The Nets played us physical, it wasn't a very good game," Lakers coach  Phil Jackson  said. TURNING POINT:  Bryant drove baseline and fed  Lamar Odom  for an easy dunk to give the Lakers a 92-87 lead; it was Odom's nineteenth point and Bryant's sixth assist. The 5-0 run was spurred by  Steve Blake , who picked up a loose rebound in a scrum with 2:28 remaining. The box score credited the play as a "team rebound." QUOTABLE II:  "Kobe Bryant, that's the difference. They threw him the ball and he made some plays. He beat some of our coverages and he made the right passes at the right time. We forced him into a few turnovers, but he's a great closer." -  Nets coach  Avery Johnson , eloquently stating the obvious HOT:  The Kardashian Brothers (Kris Humphries and Odom) totaled 33 points, 18 rebounds and 4 assists. NOT:  Artest and  Pau Gasol  combined to shoot 7-26 from the floor and score 17 points. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT: Terrence Williams  (seven points, four rebounds, three assists) ? save a few miscues with the ball (two turnovers) ? provided 21 solid minutes for the Nets. Williams played a capable backup point guard, which allowed  Jordan Farmar  to slide into the backcourt next to  Devin Harris  during crunchtime. INSIDE THE ARENA: Queen Latifah , who starred in a film, "Just Wright," about a Nets trainer that fell in love with a player played by  Common  ? formerly a Chicago Bulls ball boy ? told Nets fans to stand up and make noise before the game. The Lakers fell to the Bulls on Friday night in Chicago ... Nets general manager  Billy King  was spotted with Phillies first baseman  Ryan Howard  before the game, and King talked to Magic Johnson, who was seated courtside...Nets greats  Michael Ray Richardson  and  Otis Birdsong  sat courtside ... Legendary songstress  Martha Wash  performed at halftime. On her web site, Wash is known as "The Queen of Club Land" ROOKIE WATCH: Derrick Favors  (eight points on five field goal attempts, and five boards) rebounded from early foul trouble to contribute well in the second half. NOTABLE:  The game was the twenty-fourth game for each team ... Muffled "MVP" chants were heard for Bryant midway through the fourth quarter. When he iced the game at the free throw, he was fully serenaded ... Every Laker that dressed played. The Lakers will be visiting President Obama tomorrow at the White House ... The Nets outscored the Lakers 58-32 in the paint ... Humphries' double-double was his team-leading sixth ...  Quinton Ross  made his first start since 11/24/09 when he started for the Mavericks against the Warriors...Harris (16 points, 10 assists) missed a triple-double by two rebounds. UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Tuesday @ Washington, Wednesday @ Indiana, Friday @ Philadelphia. For the Nets, Tuesday vs. Philadelphia, Thursday vs. Washington, Friday @ Toronto.  