Notebook: Clippers 112, Bobcats 85 
 
 
 Dan Arritt, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Thu Jan 02, 2014 1:14 AM - Updated Thu Jan 02, 2014 1:14 AM 
 
 THE FACT:   The most lead changes the Clippers had in a game this season was 18. They and the Bobcats combined for that with 2½ minutes still left in the first half. 
 
 THE LEAD:   Few players were happier to see the new year than Clippers small forward  Jared Dudley , who made a season-high six 3-pointers and finished with 20 points as the Los Angeles Clippers (22-12) rolled to a 112-85 victory over the Charlotte Bobcats (14-19) Wednesday night at Staples Center. Dudley had gone without a 3-pointer over the final four games of 2013, his longest drought in more than three years. 
 
 QUOTABLE:    "To see the ball go in one or twice breeds confidence." 
 --  Jared Dudley 
 
 
 THE STAT:   Clippers power forward  Blake Griffin  contributed 31 points and 12 rebounds for his fifth game with at least 30 points and 10 rebounds this season. He totaled four such games in the previous two seasons. 
 
 TURNING POINT:   After the back-and-forth first half, the Clippers and Bobcats entered the break tied at 56. Dudley sank a 3-pointer coming out of intermission to spark a 7-0 run, Charlotte managed to cut the deficit back to five a couple times early in the half, but Dudley hit his fourth and fifth 3s of the game to extend the lead to double figures. The Bobcats trimmed the deficit back to nine once more but then went the final 2½ minutes of the third quarter without a field goal and the Clippers were able to stretch the lead back to 12 entering the fourth. Dudley then opened the final frame with his sixth basket from long range and L.A. continued to pull away.   
 
 QUOTABLE  II:    "We just couldn't get over the hump in the second half. We didn't execute as well as we did in the first and it hurt us." 
 -- Charlotte coach  Steve Clifford 
 
 
 HOT:   Dudley, who was originally drafted by Charlotte in the first round in 2007, shot 6-for-9 from long range after entering the game 0-for-4 in the previous four games and 1-for-11 in the last five. He had one final chance at matching his career-high of seven 3s but that one didn't fall. Griffin continues to show his development as an NBA player. He shot 14-for-20 and not all were the flashy dunks that most are accustomed to seeing. Griffin came in shooting 37.7 percent from 16 feet and beyond this season, up from 34.2 in his previous three NBA seasons, and he drained four straight from the perimeter after checking in during the fourth quarter. He then added his seventh 3-pointer of the season down the stretch; he had just 14 from beyond the arc in his first three NBA seasons. Almost lost in the performances of Griffin and Dudley was the solid start from Clippers point guard  Chris Paul . He made seven of his first eight field-goal attempts before finishing 7-for-14 with 17 points and 14 assists. 
 
 NOT:   Charlotte lost the game in the third quarter when it shot 4-for-19 with five turnovers and was outscored 25-13 for its lowest-scoring third quarter of the season. Dudley was sensational from long range, but the rest of the team combined to shoot 5-for-25, including 0-for-6 for  Matt Barnes  and 1-for-8 for  Jamal Crawford , whose struggles with his shot seem to be growing since moving into the starting lineup Dec. 14. Crawford is shooting 35.3 percent in the last five games. Bobcats rookie forward  Cody Zeller  has collided head on with the first cold stretch of his career. He was 0-for-6 from the field and is 2-for-20 in his last five games.  
 
 GOOD MOVE:   The Bobcats were beginning to build momentum as the game approached the midway point of the second quarter. They produced eight straight points to take a six-point lead as Paul, Crawford and  DeAndre Jordan  waited at the scorer's table for a break in play so they could join Griffin on the court. After  Chris Douglas-Roberts  scored a second-chance basket for a 43-37 lead with 6:41 left in the half, Clippers coach  Doc Rivers  could wait no longer and called a timeout just so he could get his starters back in the game. L.A. followed with a 17-6 run to erase the lead and swing the momentum back in the home team's favor. Getting Dudley going from 3-point range should also open things up for other players. After Dudley sank three 3-pointers early in the third quarter,  Anthony Tolliver  was forced to come out hard on Dudley when he caught a pass and planted his feet just beyond the arc. Dudley instead drove straight to the rim, drew  Al Jefferson  over and then dished to Jordan cutting down middle for a slam dunk. 
 
 BAD MOVE:   Crawford has never been one to shy away from shooting the basketball, but sometimes he needs to realize where the hotter players are around him. Despite the three straight 3s from Dudley to start the second half, Crawford twice passed up on slinging a pass to Dudley in the corner, instead missing a layup the first time and clanking a 3-pointer the second, allowing  Kemba Walker  to score on a fast break and cut the deficit to nine. Zeller attempted to "posterize" Griffin during the second quarter, as Griffin has done to a number of others, but the L.A. forward stood his ground as Zeller rose up and his dunk never had a chance, slamming off the front of the rim as the crowd broke out in laughter. 
 
 NOTABLE:    Both teams combined for three offensive rebounds in the first half before finishing with 15. ... Charlotte fell to 0-10 this season when trailing at end of third quarter. 
 
 UP NEXT:   For the Clippers, Friday @ Dallas, Saturday @ San Antonio, Monday vs. Orlando. For the Bobcats, Thursday @ Portland, Saturday @ Sacramento, Tuesday vs. Washington.  
