  Notebook: Suns 91, Knicks 88   By Adam Zagoria, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday January 18, 2012 11:26PM THE FACTS: Shannon Brown  scored all 14 of his points in the second half and  Steve Nash  tallied 26 points and 11 assists, including six clutch foul shots in the final 16.9 seconds, as the Phoenix Suns snapped a five-game losing streak with a 91-88 victory at Madison Square Garden. Grant Hill  added 14 points for Phoenix, which last won Jan. 8 against Milwaukee and had surrendered 100+ points in four of five games during the losing streak. Amar'e Stoudemire  had 23 points,  Iman Shumpert  20 and  Landry Fields  17 for the struggling Knicks, losers of four straight. QUOTABLE:  "It's killing us. There's not a lot of flow, it's just not happening."   --  Mike D'Antoni  on the offense. THE STAT:  Anthony, the NBA's third-leading scorer at 26.1 points per game, managed just 12 points on 5-for-22 shooting, although he did hit a 3-pointer to draw the Knicks within one point with 6.9 seconds left. He has been bothered by a sprained right ankle and sprained left wrist. Anthony tallied four assists in the first quarter, and none afterward. QUOTABLE II:  "He had the brace on, took it off, put it back on so he's having a hard time gripping the ball."    -- D'Antoni on Anthony THE STAT II:  The Knicks outrebounded the Suns 54-38, with Tyson Chandler leading everyone with 17 boards for New York. QUOTABLE III:  "He's another player. He's a great player, he had a great game."    -- D'Antoni on Nash TURNING POINT:  After Anthony drained a 3-pointer to cut the lead to 89-88 with 6.9 seconds left, Nash drained two foul shots to make it 91-88. Shumpert missed a desperation 3-point attempt at the buzzer. QUOTABLE IV:  "Right now, if we could've beat anybody we would be pleased. It's been a tough year, we've had a tough stretch so for us any win is a huge release and hopefully it will give us some confidence and get us going a little bit."   -- Nash   WHO'S HOT:  Fields' 17-point output was just his third double-digit scoring performance of the season. The last time Fields reached double-figures was when he went for a season-high 21 in a Dec. 31 win at Sacramento. That's a stretch of nine games before he scored in double-figures again. WHO'S NOT:  The Knicks bench tallied just seven points and continues to lack scoring punch.  Josh Harrellson ,  Mike Bibby ,  Toney Douglas  and  Jared Jeffries  are not consistenty giving the Knicks much of a punch, though Harrellson has reached double-figures four times. In those game the Knicks are 3-1. QUOTABLE IV:  "We're just going to have to start clicking earlier in the fourth quarter."    -- Chandler NOTABLE:  D'Antoni continues to say point guard  Baron Davis  could debut "end of January, give it a week, take a week or whatever. ... It's getting closer." Davis could play next week, and the coach thinks he will be able to improve the Knicks' struggling offense. "He knows how to play," D'Antoni added. "He's watching what we're doing. He knows what we're doing. I think he'll be able to fit in pretty quickly ... I don't know how rusty he'll be." NOTABLE II:  D'Antoni was asked about Stoudemire not making the 20-man U.S. Olympic finalist roster while Anthony and Chandler were. "I hate it for Amar'e if he wanted to [play]," he said. "They give a lot of preference to those guys who played the Olympics and the World Games. I'm happy for Tyson and for Carmelo, I think that's what they want to do. Then-Knicks GM  Donnie Walsh  pulled Stoudemireout of consideration for the 2010 World Championship team because of his uninsured contract related to repeated knee surgeries. INSIDE THE ARENA: Cuba Gooding , star of the new film "Red Tails," was in the house, as were  Jake Ballard  and  Tyler Sash  of the New York football Giants. UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Friday vs. Milwaukee, Saturday vs. Denver, Tuesday @ Charlotte. For the Suns, Friday @ Boston, Monday @ Dallas, Tuesday vs. Toronto.  