  Notebook Raptors 105, Nuggets 96  Posted Wednesday March 28, 2012 10:57PM By Duane Watson, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The Toronto Raptors (17-34) defeated the Denver Nuggets (27-24) 105-96 on Wednesday night, halting a two-game losing streak.  Andrea Bargnani  tied for a game-high 26 points and surpassed the  6,000-point mark for his career, placing him fourth all-time on the Raptors scoring list. The Raptors were unable to contain  Ty Lawson  for the first three quarters and were tied 85-85 going into the fourth quarter. Not only did the Raptors shut him down in the final frame, they shut down the entire Nuggets team holding them scoreless from the field for the last 8:26 of the game and closing on a 17-2 run. DeMar DeRozan  scored 17 points, while  Jose Calderon  added 10 points and 10 assists. Ex-Nuggets  Linas Kleiza  and  Gary Forbes  exacted some revenge on their former team, Kleiza scored 15 points, while Forbes had a double-double with 11 points and 10 rebounds off the bench. The Nuggets were led by Lawson's 26 points and nine assists, all in the first three quarters and  Aaron Afflalo's  15 points. The win splits the Raptors second game of a five-game home stand (1-1) and halts Denver's 9 game winning streak over the Raptors. QUOTABLE:  "With the new group in there you can call it what you want to call it. We were confused, they were confused, but again, when you work hard with anything, even when you make a mistake it turns out well."  -- Raptors head coach  Dwane Casey  on the fourth-quarter defense. THE STAT:  The Nuggets couldn't put the ball in the net and shot .150 going 3-for-20 from the field and 0-for-5 from the three point line in the fourth quarter. TURNING POINT:  Bargnani's 3-pointer at 4:48 put the Raptors up 98-94 sparking a 10-2 run to close out the game. The Nuggets would go the rest of the game and continue to miss their next 10 attempts from the field. QUOTABLE II:  "It was fun because you know in this stretch, I missed so many wide open threes and then I hit the two hardest maybe. It was a very good fourth quarter."  -- Raptors forward  Andrea Bargnani HOT:  Lawson kept the Nuggets in the game after closing the first quarter down 27-22 to the Raptors. The Nuggets guard scored 10 points, added 4 assists and 2 steals in the second quarter to help them close the gap to 55-53. He finished the half with 10 points, 8 assists and 2 steals on 5-for-8 shooting. He the poured in another 16 points in the third quarter to tie the game 85-85. GOOD MOVE:  After being torched by Lawson's quickness through the first three quarters, Raptors coach Casey finally made the adjustment. For the fourth quarter, he had his team in a match-up zone defense that stifled the Nuggets causing them to miss their last 15 field goal attempts and holding them to 11 points in the quarter. BAD MOVE:  Calderon had difficulty keeping up with Lawson's quickness for the first three quarters. Casey didn't make a match up change or switch to zone defense in order to counter his explosiveness and Lawson got off to 26 points after three frames. NOTABLE:  The Nuggets have dropped three of their last four games and continue on their seen game road swing. ... The Raptors are 7-5 this season when scoring 100+ points. ... The Nuggets tied an opponent season low for points in a quarter with 11... Calderon recorded his team leading 10th double-double with 11 points and 10 assists... Raptors were without  James Johnson  tonight due to an upper respiratory infection and  Jerryd Bayless  who is done for the season with a torn left oblique muscle... Both D-League call-ups  Alan Anderson  and  Ben Uzoh  suited up for the Raptors tonight and got minutes in their second and first games respectively. UP NEXT:  The Raptors continue their homestand Friday vs, Miami, Sunday vs. Washington and Tuesday vs. Charlotte. Denver continues their road swing on Friday @ Charlotte, Sunday @ Orlando and Wednesday.  