  Notebook: Mavericks 100, Pistons 86   By Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday January 10, 2012 11:16PM THE FACTS:  The Dallas Mavericks, playing without injured  Jason Kidd , made their first eight field-goal attempts and rolled to a 100-86 victory over the Detroit Pistons on Tuesday night at The Palace.  Dirk Nowitzki  went 9-for-10 from the field to lead the Mavs, who shot 55.1 percent, with 18 points.  Will Bynum  had 20 points for the Pistons, who have lost five straight. QUOTABLE:  "I pride myself in being a playmaker. That's what this team is predicated on, making plays for each other, and that kind of fits my mold. That's just how we are, a very unselfish team. You got to see a little bit of that tonight. When Jason's on the floor, he's one of the best at it, so that's what I wanted to bring."    -- Dallas guard  Vince Carter , who had five assists to help make up for the absence of Jason Kidd. THE STAT:  130:56. The Pistons haven't held a lead since they were up 30-27 with 10:56 remaining in the first half against New York on Saturday. That's 130 minutes and 56 seconds of basketball, or nearly 11 quarters, since they had an advantage over their opponent. They never led against Chicago on Monday and futilely chased the Mavs throughout Tuesday's game. TURNING POINT:  Nowitzki got an early rest and returned to the game with 10:12 left in the half after the Pistons sliced Dallas' 16-point advantage to seven, 32-25. He promptly drilled a couple of 19-foot jumpers, sandwiching a Carter 3-pointer, then fed Carter for another three that lifted Dallas' lead to 13, 42-29. The Mavs were up double digits the rest of the way. QUOTABLE II:  "We're not losing just because we're playing quality teams. We're losing because we don't deserve to win."    -- Pistons coach  Lawrence Frank HOT: Delonte West  started in place of Kidd, who missed his second straight game with a lower back injury, and did his best impression of the perennial All-Star. West had 10 assists while committing just two turnovers and also sparked the defense with five steals. NOT:  Center  Greg Monroe  scored on the Pistons' first possession of the second half. Their next basket came with 4:38 remaining in the quarter on a  Damien Wilkins  jumper. In between, they missed seven shots and committed six turnovers as the Mavs built their lead to as much as 28 points. NOTABLE:  The Pistons are the first team since the 1993-94 Washington Bullets to lose five consecutive games by 16 or more points. The Bullets lost six straight games by at least that margin in March 1994. ... Pistons point guard  Rodney Stuckey  missed his fourth straight game with a groin injury. Rookie  Brandon Knight , who started in place of Stuckey, had a season-high six turnovers. ... Monroe, who had averaged 17.3 points the previous seven games, took only six shots and finished with nine points. ... Detroit's starting forwards,  Tayshaun Prince  and  Jonas Jerebko , combined for just six points, three rebounds and two assists. UP NEXT:  For the Mavericks, Wednesday @ Boston, Friday vs. Milwaukee, Saturday vs. Sacramento. For the Pistons, Thursday @ Milwaukee, Friday @ Charlotte, Sunday vs. Golden State.  