  Notebook: Sixers 95, Lakers 90 Posted Monday February 6, 2012 10:17PM By Andy Jasner, for NBA.com THE FACTS: Lou Williams  sparked a late comeback with 24 points, leading the Philadelphia 76ers past the Los Angeles Lakers 95-90 Monday night before a sellout crowd of 20,064 at the Wells Fargo Center.  Jrue Holiday  scored 13 points and Andre  Iguodala  had 12 for the Sixers (18-7), who improved to 13-3 at home. Kobe Bryant  led the Lakers with 28 points while  Andrew Bynum  was terrific with 20 points and 20 rebounds.  Pau Gasol  also earned a double-double with 16 points and 11 rebounds. The Lakers couldn't hold a seven-point lead in the final 4:36 and dropped to 1-2 on a six-game road trip. QUOTABLE:  "Lou got hot at the right time for us."   -- Sixers coach  Doug Collins , on Williams. THE STAT:  The Sixers committed a season-low four turnovers, a floor record for any team since this arena opened in 1996. TURNING POINT:  Trailing 86-79 with 4:36 remaining, the Sixers proceeded on a 14-2 run anchored by Williams. He scored seven straight during the spurt. HOT:  Williams was 7-for-12 from the field, 3-for-6 from 3-point territory and 7-for-8 from the free throw line. More than that, he made a number of clutch shots when the Sixers needed them most down the stretch. NOT:  Bryant was 2-for-12 in the second half and 1-for-10 in the fourth. He did finish with 28 points, but struggled with his shot after halftime. QUOTABLE II:  "He's our closer. When he comes in at the end, he has the ability to make plays."   -- Sixers center  Spencer Hawes , on Williams. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Bynum recorded the second 20-20 game of his career. Eight of his 20 rebounds were off the offensive glass. Bynum added three assists and three blocked shots for a stellar all-around effort. INSIDE THE ARENA:  The Lakers always draw a big crowd and this scene was no different. The fans were boisterous from the opening tip and included former Phillies left fielder  Raul Ibanez  taking in the action front a front-row seat. Eagles running back  LeSean McCoy  also attended the game. QUOTABLE III:  "I think we'll be alright. We've got to score. The defense is doing what it needs to do."   -- Bynum, on the Lakers shooting 8-for-24 in the fourth quarter. GOOD MOVE:  The Sixers rotated Iguodala and  Evan Turner  on Bryant during the second half. They made Bryant work extra hard on the offensive end and it paid off in the end. BAD MOVE:  Bynum was unstoppable at times and the Lakers probably could have gone to him even more. ROOKIE WATCH:  Lakers guard  Andrew Goudelock  scored nine points and had two assists while guard  Darius Morris  didn't play. For the Sixers, forward  Lavoy Allen  started for the second straight game and had four points, four rebounds and three assists.  Nikola Vucevic  scored eight points and swept six rebounds. NOTABLE:  Bryant needed just 23 points to pass former teammate  Shaquille O'Neal  for fifth place on the league's all-time scoring list. Bryant poured in 24 in the first half. O'Neal scored 28,596 points with five NBA teams in 19 seasons. Next up is  Wilt Chamberlain  in fourth place with 31,419 points. ... Sixers forward  Elton Brand  missed his second consecutive game with a sprained right thumb. ... The Sixers had only 14 rebounds in the first half, their season low for a half. ... Philadelphia had lost four straight at home to the Lakers before Monday. ... The sellout crowd of 20,064 was the second consecutive for the Sixers following last Friday's game against the Miami Heat. ... The Sixers won despite being outrebounded 55-30. It's just the sixth time dating to the start of the 2000-01 season that a team has won a game in which it was outrebounded by 25 or more. ... The Lakers scored two fast-break points. NEXT:  For the Lakers, Thursday @ Boston, Friday @ New York, Sunday @ Toronto. For the Sixers, Wednesday vs. San Antonio, Friday vs. L.A. Clippers, Saturday @ Cleveland.  