Notebook: Grizzlies 113, Kings 81 
 
 
 James Ham, For NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Jan 08, 2013 1:28 AM - Updated Tue Jan 08, 2013 1:28 AM 
 
 THE FACTS:  After a solid 2-2 East Coast road trip, the Sacramento Kings got smoked on their home floor Monday, losing 113-81 to the Memphis Grizzlies. 
 
 Wayne Ellington  caught fire, setting a new career-high with 26 points off the Grizzlies bench.   Zach Randolph  added 17 points and seven rebounds, while  Mike Conley  finished with 15 points, eight assists and five rebounds in the win. 
 
 John Salmons  led the Kings with 17 points.  Rookie  Thomas Robinson  scored eight points and tied his career-high in rebounds with 12. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "He was on fire. There's nothing else to say, except he shot the lights out."  
 
 -- Grizzlies coach  Lionel Hollins  on Ellington's big game 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Grizzlies shot 11-for-20 from 3-point range in the win.   
 
 TURNING POINT:  After a highly competitive first half, the Grizzlies outscored the Kings by 16 in the third quarter and took a 22-point lead into the fourth.  They never let off the gas and embarrassed the Kings on their home floor.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "It always feels good to contribute.  To be able to come off the bench and contribute be able to contribute anywhere -- that's what being a good team is about."  
 
 -- Ellington on his career game 
 
 
 HOT:  Ellington killed the Kings, going 10-for-11 from the field, 6-for-7 from long range and setting a new career-high in points with 26.  
 
 NOT: Jimmer Fredette  continued his three-game slump, missing all seven of his shots and finishing with zero points in the loss.  With  Tyreke Evans  returning from injury and  Marcus Thornton  on his way back, the second-year guard out of BYU chose the wrong time to go into a funk. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  The Grizzlies main objective was to slow Cousins down and they accomplished their goal with a variety of different looks.  The Kings center came in on a hot streak and Memphis held him to just 10 points and eight rebounds in 27 minutes of action.  
 
 BAD MOVE:  Nothing worked for  Keith Smart 's team in the third quarter as the Grizzlies steamrolled his Kings team.  
 
 NOTABLE:  The Grizzlies snapped the Kings' four-game home winning streak in dramatic fashion.  Ellington set a new career-high with 26 points off the Grizzlies bench.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Grizzlies, Wednesday @ Golden State, Friday vs. San Antonio, Saturday @ Dallas. For the Kings, Thursday vs. Dallas, Saturday vs. Miami, Tuesday vs. Cleveland.  
