Notebook: Bulls 113, Warriors 95 
 
 
 Geoff Lepper, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Mar 16, 2013 2:01 AM - Updated Sat Mar 16, 2013 2:01 AM 
 
 THE FACTS:  The Chicago Bulls looked like a team coming off a 42-point win Friday night, not one that had lost by the same margin. 
 Chicago put all five starters in double figures, shot 55.6 from the field through three quarters and held the Golden State Warriors without a 3-point make through much of a 113-95 romp at Oracle Arena. 
 The blowout represented a giant turnaround from the Bulls' 121-79 loss in Sacramento on Wednesday, the worst defeat of coach  Tom Thibodeau 's three seasons in Chicago. 
 
 Luol Deng  had a game-high 23 points and  Carlos Boozer  added 21 points, nine rebounds. five assists and three steals as Chicago broke a five-game road losing streak. 
 
 Jarrett Jack  tallied a team-high 20 points for the Warriors, whose lead over the Rockets for the Western Conference's sixth spot dropped to one game -- with a road trip to Houston looming on Sunday. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I thought we came out aggressive on both sides, offense and defense. We were locked into what we were doing, we executed well, and we did a great job on defense, trying to make their best players take tough shots. And the great thing about it is, we kept it up for virtually the whole game. It was fun to watch us play like that."  
 -- Carlos Boozer 
 
 
 THE STAT:   Stephen Curry , the NBA's leading 3-point shooter this season with 203, had made at least one trey in each of his last 53 games, a stretch dating back to Nov. 16. He went 0-for-5 from behind the arc Friday -- part of a 2-for-13, eight-point night -- and Golden State, which tops the league with a 39.8 percentage, missed their first 11 attempts, when the game was still in the balance. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  When Thibodeau brought back Deng with 3:52 left in the second quarter, he removed shooting guard  Marco Belinelli , choosing to leave sixth man  Jimmy Butler  in the game. The Bulls used Butler to attack Jack, eventually forcing the Warriors' sixth man off the floor as part of a 12-2 run to finish the quarter that built a 10-point halftime cushion for Chicago. When the Bulls opened the third period with eight straight points, the game was over. 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Former Warriors guard  Nate Robinson  burned his old club for the second time in as many meetings this season, finishing with 20 points and seven assists. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Thibodeau summed up his post-game speech from Wednesday in one word: "Try." Whatever the actual contents, they seem to have worked. The Bulls showed no signs of a hangover from their terrible previous performance, storming out to a double digit lead inside of seven minutes. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We had a good meeting. We ironed some things out. But the most important thing was the action on the floor; we had a great practice yesterday. Guys got after each other. There was the right intent, to improve and get right. I think when you concentrate and you put maximum effort into it, it leads to great intensity. And I thought we did that."  
 -- Tom Thibodeau 
 
 
 HOT:  The Warriors dared  Joakim Noah  to shoot mid-range jumpers, and he knocked down all three shots outside 16 feet en route to a 7-for-8 night from the floor. All told, he collected 16 points and 13 rebounds. 
 
 NOT:  Golden State went dreadfully cold while the Bulls asserted command during that 6 1/2-minute stretch bridging the second and third quarters, shooting 1-for-14 with four turnovers. Some of those possessions were engineered by the Bulls to have a high degree of difficulty -- somehow Chicago made Golden State think that having  Harrison Barnes  face up on All-Star Luol Deng 27 feet from the basket was the Warriors' best option -- but there were plenty of just plain misses on shots the Warriors would ordinarily make. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "Very unacceptable. . . . From the jump ball all the way to the last play, they outplayed us. It's an embarrassment."  
 -- Jarrett Jack 
 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  At least Warriors guard  Kent Bazemore  put his garbage time to good use, scoring 14 fourth-quarter points. 
 
 NOTABLE:  This is the first time the Bulls cracked 100 points in their last 10 games. . . . This is the second time in three games wearing their short-sleeved alternate jerseys that the Warriors have allowed all five opposition starters to score in double figures. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Monday vs. Denver, Thursday vs. Portland, Saturday vs. Indiana. For the Warriors, Sunday @ Houston, Sunday @ New Orleans, Tuesday @ San Antonio. 
