  Nuggets-Wizards Notebook   By Rich Dubroff, for NBA.com  Posted Wednesday January 26, 2011 12:00AM THE FACTS:   Carmelo Anthony  led six Denver Nuggets in double figures with 23 points as the Nuggets handily beat the Washington Wizards 120-109 on Tuesday night. It was Denver's sixth win in the last eight games. Nene  and  Al Harrington  each had 21 for the Nuggets.  Arron Afflalo  had 18,  Ty Lawson  had 17 and  Chauncey Billups  had 15. Harrington had six 3-pointers?five of them in the fourth quarter. Washington was led by  Nick Young  with 26.  Andray Blatche  had 25 - 15 in the first quarter. The Wizards, who are 0-21 on the road, will look for their initial win away from home when they begin a four-game road trip on Friday in Oklahoma City QUOTABLE:  "I never thought it would get like this."  -  Anthony  on the obsessive nature of the trade talk. THE STAT:  The Nuggets were 12-for-23 from 3-point range. Harrington was 6-for-8. Washington was just 2-for-13 TURNING POINT:  A 17-2 first-quarter run gave the Nuggets a 24-10 lead with less than eight minutes gone. The Wizards were never able to mount a genuine threat, and when they got a little close in the fourth quarter, Harrington would drill a "3." QUOTABLE II:  "This team has a unique mental toughness to it. It's always been a little too emotional at times, but when we've had to straighten ourselves out, we straighten ourselves out."  - Denver coach  George Karl  on his team maintaining focus despite the Anthony distraction. HOT:  Harrington's 6-for-8 from long distance and Nene's eight of nine field goals. NOT:  Billups made his first four field goals, then missed his final seven.  FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Nene, who leads the NBA in field goal percentage, is hotter than usual these days. In his last two games, he's 15-for-20 from the field. An overlooked player on a good team, he may play a bigger role if Anthony is traded. GOOD MOVE:  Karl keeping Harrington on the court in the fourth quarter when he had 15 of his 21 points. BAD MOVE:  Denver's  J.R. Smith  reportedly was late for shootaround on Tuesday morning, and was benched by Karl. ROOKIE WATCH:   John Wall  had 10 points and 13 assists for Washington. Forward  Trevor Booker  had four points in 10 minutes. Guard  Mustafa Shakur  had three points in 14 minutes. Denver forward  Gary Forbes  was scoreless in 13 minutes. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Anthony's mother, Mary and lots of family members were at the Verizon Center, but for the first time, he played near his home in Baltimore without his sister watching. Michelle Anthony died last month at 36 of heart disease. "I thought about it after the game, going out there and knowing she's not going to be there. I know she's watching," Anthony said. NOTABLE:  The Nuggets have scored 120 or more points in five times in their last eight games. In their previous 36 games, they scored 120 or more just four times. UP NEXT:  For the Nuggets: Wednesday @ Pistons, Friday @ Cavaliers, Sunday @ Sixers. For the Wizards: Friday @Thunder, Saturday @ Grizzlies, Monday @ Mavericks  