  Notebook:  Lakers 90, Grizzlies 82   By Dan Arritt, for NBA.com Posted Monday January 9, 2012 12:46AM THE FACTS:  Five players scored in double figures for the Lakers and three had at least 10 rebounds as they survived a turnover-filled game Sunday night against the undermanned Grizzlies to win their sixth consecutive game at Staples Center, 90-82. QUOTABLE:  "I thought if there was an area of the game that was disappointing, it was the 27 turnovers. They were poor turnovers that led to a lot of fast-break points."  --  Lakers head coach  Mike Brown . THE STAT:  The 27 turnovers were the most by the Lakers since they had 28 on Dec. 9, 1994. The giveaways led to 26 points for the Grizzlies, the only reason they stayed close throughout the game. The Lakers got worse as the game went on, committing 11 turnovers by halftime and 17 through three quarters. TURNING POINT:  Memphis scored the first six points of the fourth quarter to cut the deficit to four. Brown immediately called timeout and must have said the right things because  Matt Barnes  scored four consecutive points to push the lead back to eight and the Grizzlies couldn't get back within five the rest of the way. Barnes had another solid game as the starting small forward, contributing 15 points, 10 rebounds and three blocked shots. HOT:  The Memphis bench outscored the Lakers' reserves, 46-21.  Quincy Pondexter  made his first seven shots off bench for the Grizzlies before missing three straight in the fourth quarter. He finished with 14 points, one of three Memphis reserves in double figures. NOT:  Memphis center  Marc Gasol  certainly didn't get the best of this matchup against his older brother. A career 54.6 percent shooter from the field, Gasol missed all nine of his field-goal attempts to cement the worst shooting performance of his four-year career. The Lakers have done that to a few high percentage big men this season.  Al Jefferson  of Utah shot a career-worst 2-for-16 against the Lakers on Dec. 27 and  Amar'e Stoudemire  of the Knicks shot 4-for-17 two nights later. GOOD MOVE:  Late in the first half, Barnes stole a pass from Memphis point guard  Mike Conley  and set out on a fast break. Barnes fed the ball to  Pau Gasol  at the free-throw line, and Gasol then made a nice behind-the-back pass to fellow 7-footer  Andrew Bynum , who laid it in to equal the biggest lead of the first half, 52-38. BAD MOVE:  It seems like Pau Gasol doesn't realize how tall he is sometimes. Because of injuries, the Grizzlies were forced to start the game with 6-8 forward  Dante Cunningham  guarding the 7-foot Gasol. Despite the four-inch height advantage, Gasol didn't post up Cunningham until the seventh trip down the floor. When he finally did back him down, Gasol promptly threw up a 10-foot fade away jumper. A few minutes later, Gasol passed on a dunk at the tail end of a fast break and opted for a reverse layup, which he missed. NOTABLE:  The Grizzlies may have found a temporary solution to their lack of front-court depth.  Marreese Speights , a 6-10 forward acquired from the 76ers in a trade last week but only cleared to play Friday, subbed for Cunningham early on and finished with 17 points in 29 minutes. Speights, a former first-round pick out of Florida who was a disappointment his first three seasons in Philadelphia, played just six minutes total in his previous nine games dating back to last season ...  Kobe Bryant  shot 11-for-22 from the field and scored a game-high 26 points, just the third time this season he has shot at least 50 percent from the floor ... After appearing in the last seven games, Lakers forward  Jason Kapono  did not make it into the rotation against Memphis. UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Tuesday vs. Phoenix, Wednesday @ Utah, Friday vs. Cleveland. For the Grizzlies, Tuesday vs. Oklahoma City, Thursday vs. New York, Saturday vs. New Orleans.  