Notebook: Cavs 111, Sixers 93 
 
 
 Brian Dulik, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Jan 07, 2014 11:23 PM - Updated Tue Jan 07, 2014 11:23 PM 
 
 THE FACT: C.J. Miles  made a franchise-record 10 treys in leading the Cavaliers in a home rout of Philadelphia. 
 
 THE LEAD:  Miles scored a season-high 34 points in 32 minutes as the Cleveland Cavaliers hammered the Philadelphia 76ers 111-93 at Quicken Loans Arena Tuesday night. Center  Anderson Varejao  collected 18 points and a game-best 14 rebounds for the Cavaliers (12-23), while point guard  Kyrie Irving  had 16 points and eight assists in his return from a three-game absence with a bruised left knee. Rookie point guard  Michael Carter-Williams  paced the 76ers (12-23) across the board with 33 points, six rebounds, and five assists.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "On nights like this, you feel like all you've got to do is look at the basket and the ball is going to go in." 
 -- Cavaliers shooting guard C.J. Miles 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Miles broke the Cavaliers record of eight 3-pointers in a game that he already shared with  LeBron James, Wesley Person , and  Danny Ferry . The eight-year veteran also eclipsed the Cleveland mark for triples in a half -- making eight in the first -- and tied the team record for treys in a quarter with five in the first. Miles matched Brooklyn's  Joe Johnson  for the NBA season-high of 10 3-pointers in a game, while his 14 attempts beyond the arc set another Cavaliers all-time mark. 
 
 QUOTABLE I I :  "It's great when you see a teammate break a record like C.J. did tonight. He was just making shot after shot, so we kept looking to get the ball to him. Our whole team played well, moving the ball around the court." 
 -- Cavaliers center Anderson Varejao 
 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Cavaliers played with extra pep in their step following the late-night acquisition of All-Star small forward  Luol Deng  from the Bulls in exchange for center  Andrew Bynum . Cleveland scored a season-high tying 64 points in the first half and cruised home with the victory.  
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "Nothing against Andrew because he worked his butt off, but it just didn't work out here. Luol is an All-Star and he brings a lot of things that we're lacking as a young team." 
 
 --Cleveland's C.J. Miles 
 
 
 HOT:  Besides the obvious Miles stat line, Varejao had 10 points and 10 rebounds in the first half, including a coast-to-coast dunk off a defensive board. The mop-topped Brazilian is averaging 11.5 points and 14.5 rebounds over the last six games. 
 
 NOT:  76ers power forward  Thaddeus Young  -- the reigning Eastern Conference Player of the Week -- missed all seven of his field goal attempts and played 21 scoreless minutes. 
 
 QUOTABLE IV : "It was like flogging a dead horse with keeping (Young and Turner) out there. Our veterans were not going to find any extra energy tonight, so we went with the young guys for most of the second half." 
 -- 76ers coach  Brett Brown 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Cavaliers coach  Mike Brown  gave Miles extended minutes at small forward, allowing him to put his five best players on the court at the same time -- Irving,  Dion Waiters , Miles,  Tristan Thompson , and Varejao. Their effort never wavered, even as Cleveland's lead ballooned. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  76ers shooting guards  Hollis Thompson  and Anderson failed to play tight defense on the red-hot Miles, even after he made his first six 3-point attempts. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Deng, who is averaging a career-high 19.0 points this season, is expected to arrive in Cleveland in time to practice Wednesday. ... Cavaliers point guard  Jarrett Jack  (lower back spasms) sat out his second straight contest. ... The 76ers released center  Daniel Orton  prior to the game, leaving them with just 10 available players. ...Shooting guard  Tony Wroten  (flu-like symptoms, migraine), power forward  Arnett Moultrie  (left ankle sprain), center  Nerlens Noel  (left knee surgery), and shooting guard  Jason Richardson  were not in uniform. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the 76ers, Friday vs. Detroit, Saturday vs. New York, Wednesday vs. Charlotte. For the Cavaliers, Friday @ Utah, Sunday @ Sacramento, Tuesday @ L.A. Lakers. 
