  Notebook: Rockets 82, Bobcats 70   By Derek S. Smith, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday January 10, 2012 11:04PM THE FACTS: Chandler Parsons  scored five of his game- and career-high 20 points in the waning moments of the fourth quarter as the Rockets beat the struggling Bobcats 82-70 Tuesday for their first road win of the season.  Byron Mullens  paced Charlotte with 15 points off the bench. QUOTABLE:  "Chandler (Parsons) played really well out there. Chandler plays the same way in the fourth quarter as he does in the first. He plays the same way in practice as the way he plays in games. He just comes out and plays really hard."   -- Houston coach  Kevin McHale THE STAT:  From way downtown. CLANG. The Bobcats were just 1-for-13 from behind the arc. It was a season-low for Charlotte for both made threes as well as percentage from the three-point line. The Rockets on the other hand were 6-for-17. TURNING POINT:  Parsons made the big plays when it counted down the stretch. The rookie out of Florida stopped the momentum of Charlotte with a three from the right corner with 2:34 to play to put the Rockets back up by eight points. He then grabbed the defensive rebound after a Charlotte miss and then made a step-back jumper this time from the left corner to put Houston up by double digits and seal the win. QUOTABLE II:   "It's a huge win for us. It's just big to walk out of here with a win."   -- Parsons NOT: Boris Diaw.  The Bobcats' most versatile player was anything but Tuesday night. Diaw scored four points on 2-for-14 shooting which included going 0-for-4 from behind the arc. He also committed three turnovers and got into early foul trouble which created rotation issues all night for Charlotte. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Byron Mullens. The Bobcats reserve center has become instant offense of late. Mullens led the team with 15 points Tuesday and has scored in double figures in five of the last six contests with an average of 12.7 in the six-game span. Mullens also had his second double-double in three games with 10 rebounds in the loss against Houston. ROOKIE WATCH:  The star of the game Tuesday was rookie Chandler Parsons. The first-year forward led all scorers with 20 points including buckets on back-to-back possessions which sealed the win for Houston. The Bobcats'  Kemba Walker  struggled offensively with nine points on 4-for-13 shooting. He did have a solid night on the glass with eight rebounds and added three assists and a steal.  NOTABLE:  Charlotte was 30-for-88 from the floor against Houston. It was their second-worst shooting performance of the season. ... The Bobcats bench outscored the starters 37-33. ... Charlotte guard  D.J. Augustin  has scored in double figures in each of the last six games. ... The Rockets picked up their first road win of the season after dropping the first five. ... Houston assistant coach  Kelvin Sampson  had two players from his collegiate coaching days on the opposing bench. The Bobcats'  Eduardo Najera  (Oklahoma) and  D.J. White  (Indiana) were both coached by Sampson. ... The Rockets went 11-0 in 2010-11 when holding opponents below 90 points and are now 3-0 in such games in 2011-12. ...  Kevin Martin  continues to be among the best at the free throw line this season. Martin is 31-for-33 (.939) on the season. ...  Luis Scola  was held to single digits (nine points) for the first time in six games. UP NEXT:  For the Rockets, Wednesday @ San Antonio, Friday vs. Sacramento, Saturday vs. Portland. For the Bobcats, Thursday @ Atlanta, Friday vs. Detroit, Saturday vs. Golden State.  