
 Thunder-Lakers notebook   By Randy Renner, NBA.com Posted Sunday February 27, 2011 5:53PM THE FACTS:  Lakers star  Kobe Bryant  did what he does best in the last seconds of a game Sunday afternoon at Oklahoma City, as he hit what would be the shot that provided enough of a margin for the Lakers to beat the Thunder 90-87. Both  Kevin Durant  and  James Harden  had chances to tie the game in the last seconds but both their 3-pointers bounced off the rim. Bryant finished with 17 points on just 8-for-22 shooting.  Pau Gasol  led Los Angeles with 18 points and he grabbed 11 rebounds. Point guard  Russell Westbrook  led Oklahoma City with 22 points, complementing his effort with six rebounds and six assists, but he turned the ball over seven times. Durant added 21 on 8-for-20 shooting. None of the Thunders' new team members played. QUOTABLE:  "The third quarter's a time when you have to come out and play well, especially on defense and when the defense is in front of your bench, that makes a difference."    --Lakers coach  Phil Jackson THE STAT:  In the third quarter that LA defense held Oklahoma City to just 5-for-22 shooting and 13 points. That's the Thunder's lowest point total in any quarter this season. TURNING POINT:  The third quarter was big but a Kobe Bryant 3-pointer with with 4:42 to play was even bigger. That shot gave the Lakers an 87-80 lead and capped a 7-2 run. It was LA's largest lead of the game. QUOTABLE II:  "We wanted a three for KD at the end, it was a tough look but when we got the rebound James (Harden) had a good look. So yeah we wanted the three to tie and if that wasn't there try to get a two and get fouled."   --Thunder coach  Scott Brooks  on the game's last possession. HOT:  In the first half the Thunder were 4-for-6 (66.7%) on 3-pointers. NOT:  Also in the first 24 minutes the Lakers were just 2-for-9 (22.2%) from long range. INSIDE THE ARENA:  A playoff atmosphere with an early arriving crowd. There was a special moment before the game as the Thunder introduced new players  Kendrick Perkins ,  Nazr Mohammed  and  Nate Robinson . The trio was given a rousing ovation. GOOD MOVE:  In the third quarter Kobe tried to drive the lane but OKC's  Thabo Sefolosha  was right up in his grill. In typical Kobe fashion he stepped up and nailed a jumper. BAD MOVE:  The Lakers kept double-teaming Durant and they were burned several times when he managed to find the open man for a layup or dunk. NOTABLE:  Oklahoma City has now lost three games in a rwo for the first time this season. The Lakers have now won four in a row. UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Tuesday @ Minnesota, Friday vs Bobcats, Sunday @ San Antonio. For the Thunder, Wednesday vs Pacers, Friday @ Atlanta, Sunday vs Phoenix. 
