Notebook: Pacers 103, Knicks 96 (OT) 
 
 
 Adam Zagoria, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Nov 20, 2013 10:39 PM - Updated Wed Nov 20, 2013 10:39 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Knicks lost their sixth straight game at home and haven't won at Madison Square Garden since Oct. 30. 
 
 THE LEAD:  In their first meeting since Indiana ousted New York from the Eastern Conference semifinals,  Paul George  went for 35 points, five rebounds and four assists as the Pacers beat the Knicks, 103-96 in overtime at Madison Square Garden. 
 George outscored the Knicks, 9-7, in the extra period. 
 
 George Hill  added 23 points for the Pacers, who improved to an NBA-best 10-1. 
 
 Carmelo Anthony  led the Knicks with 30 points and 18 rebounds. 
 
 J.R. Smith  added 21 points off the bench and  Beno Udrih  had his best game as a Knick, putting up 19 points and eight rebounds. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I gotta be aggressive. It wasn't even about me looking for shots. I just wanted to create and get the best shot for us." 
 -- George 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Led by Smith, the Knicks' bench outscored the Pacers' reserves, 27-18. 
 
 THE STAT II:  The Pacers shot 28-for-36 from the free throw line, while the Knicks shot 14-for-17. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  After Anthony hit two foul shots with 9.2 seconds left in regulation to give the Knicks a 89-86, the Knicks considered fouling George before he attempted a 3-pointer. Instead,  Iman Shumpert  grazed George's elbow on a 3-point attempt and was whistled for the foul. George made all three foul shots to tie the game. Anthony missed a potential game-winner at the end of regulation, sending the game to overtime, where the Pacers dominated, 14-7. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "Iman being a young player, it was just a foul that we didn't need at that particular time." 
 -- Knicks coach  Mike Woodson 
 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "Yeah, that's what we were told to do. Up 3, foul a guy before he even attempts to shoot the ball, so I was trying to make a quick play before he could do that." 
 -- George on whether he expected to be fouled before he got the shot off. 
 
 
 WHO'S HOT:  Starting in place of  Raymond Felton , Udrih played well, putting up 19 points, eight rebounds and four assists. 
 
 WHO'S NOT:  Shumpert went 1-for-6 for four points and committed the foul that ultimately cost the Knicks the game. 
 
 QUOTABLE IV:  "It would've been a nice win for our club against the best team in basketball, but we didn't get it done." 
 -- Woodson 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  Amar'e Stoudemire  didn't play for the Knicks. "If I can get him to about 20-25 minutes, how I'm going to get there I don't know, then he might be able to pass that thing where we can't play him back-to-back," Woodson said. "But we're not there yet." 
 
 NOTABLE II:  Felton missed his second straight game because of lower back and left hip injuries. Woodson says Felton "felt better today" but still has "pain." 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:   Dr. Oz ,  Dylan McDermott  and the Indiana basketball team sat courtside. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Saturday @ Washington, Monday @ Portland, Wednesday at LA Clippers. For the Pacers, Friday @ Boston, Saturday vs. Philadelphia, Monday vs. Minnesota. 
