  Notebook: Bulls 106, Bucks 104 Posted Wednesday March 7, 2012 11:29PM By Rick Braun, for NBA.com THE FACTS:   Derrick Rose  capped a 30-point, 11-assist night with a 20-footer at the buzzer to give the Chicago Bulls a 106-104 victory over the Milwaukee Bucks Wednesday night at the Bradley Center. Ersan Ilyasova  led a big Milwaukee effort with a career-high 32 points and 10 rebounds, and  Drew Gooden  added 27. But Rose hit his buzzer-beater just over the fingertips of  Brandon Jennings  to give the Bulls (33-8) their eighth straight victory. Joakim Noah  added 20 points, 10 rebounds and two blocked shots for Chicago, which swept the season series with the Bucks, 4-0. QUOTABLE:  "I love it. As a kid, those are the things you dream about. It felt good. You're on the road, playing against a team that's giving you their all, and you hit a nice shot like that."   -- Derrick Rose on taking and making the last shot THE STAT:  Rose had an off night shooting from the floor, going 8-for-22, but his 14-for-14 performance at the line showed he still had his stroke going and kept the Bulls in a position to win at the end. TURNING POINT:  There can't be more of a turning point than a shot that wins the game at the buzzer. The Bulls inbounded the ball to Rose with 18.1 seconds left, and he held the ball out high on the right wing till about five seconds were left. He wanted to go to his left toward the free throw circle, but  Carlos Delfino  was waiting there. With Jennings sticking to him tight, Rose stepped in toward the basket and then stepped back. Jennings recovered a second late, and Rose's high-arching shot went just over Jennings' fingertips. The ball went in so purely it barely moved the net as the horn sounded. QUOTABLE II:  "That shot was like a movie. It was like a movie. Hit the shot, no time left on the clock. You hear the horn and the ball goes through the net. It must be an unbelievable feeling to hit a shot like that. I'm happy he's on our team."   -- Joakim Noah on Rose's game-winner HOT:  Ilyasova made 14-for-18 shot, including the tying basket with 24 seconds left on a rebound. NOT:  Jennings went just 4-for-18 from the field and finished just 26-for-70 (37.1 percent) in the four games against Rose and the Bulls. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Ilyasova has been making his name with big rebound totals, but his double-double of 32 points and 10 rebounds has to make some fantasy owners take notice. GOOD MOVE:  Bulls coach  Tom Thibodeau  didn't have to get overly creative in drawing up the final play, which is called something like, "Give it to Derrick and get out of his way." ROOKIE WATCH:  Bucks forward  Tobias Harris  made his third straight start but was scoreless in just 13 minutes, 57 seconds. NOTABLE:   Beno Udrih  was listed as a game-time decision with a sore knee that caused him to miss practice on Tuesday, but he entered in the first quarter and played 25 minutes, including the entire fourth quarter. He finished with 11 points on 4-of-5 shooting. ... Bucks swingman  Stephen Jackson  missed his eighth straight game with what is being called a sore right hamstring. Milwaukee forward  Luc Richard Mbah a Moute  missed his second straight game with a sore right knee. ...  C.J. Watson  (ankle) and  Richard Hamilton  (shoulder) did not dress for Chicago. ... The Bulls played their 24th road game, tying them with Sacramento for most in the league. Their reward is that their next six games are at home. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Thursday vs. Orlando, Saturday vs. Utah , Sunday vs. New York. For the Bucks, Friday vs. New York, Sunday @ Toronto, Monday @ New Jersey.  