Notebook: Jazz 96, Hornets 84 
 
 
 Scott Kushner, For NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Nov 28, 2012 11:31 PM - Updated Thu Nov 29, 2012 2:13 AM 
 
 THE FACTS :  A balanced offensive approach carried the Utah Jazz to a 96-84 win over the New Orleans Hornets on Wednesday night at the New Orleans Arena. Four different Jazz players scored at least 15 points, including a game-high 19 by  Al Jefferson , highlighting a well-rounded offensive approach as Utah tallied its fifth win in its past six games. 
 
 QUOTABLE : "I feel like there's a way to attack the rim that leads referees to think you got fouled. If you attack the rim and go to dunk the ball, and you get hit, you can see it. But when you go and finger-roll and pump-fake and always look to pass ... if I'm a referee and a guy goes soft to the basket, I'm not going to give him the benefit of the doubt."  
 -- Hornets coach  Monty Williams  on his team's lack of aggression in the paint and Utah's 38-21 advantage in free-throw attempts 
 
 THE STAT : New Orleans committed nine turnovers in the third quarter and was overwhelmed by the Jazz (9-7) and their energetic defense, which jumped passing lanes and displayed quick hands in tallying seven steals. Utah's aggression allowed it to stretch a two-point halftime lead into a 16-point advantage by the period's conclusion. 
 
 TURNING POINT :  Gordon Hayward  scored 13 points in the first 10 minutes of the fourth quarter, keeping the Hornets (4-10) at arms length despite a late scoring flurry. Hayward connected on four field goals, including a 3-pointer and converted four free throws, ensuring the Jazz's double-digit victory.  
 
 QUOTABLE II : "In the first half, we kind of let them go where they wanted to go. We had some stops, we just couldn't capitalize because we were low on energy, so I wanted to pick the energy up on the defensive end and the offense went from there."  
 -- Jazz coach  Tyrone Corbin  on Utah's increased defensive aggressiveness in the third quarter 
 
 HOT : Jefferson made six of his first nine shots, contributing 13 first half points and carrying the momentum from his season-high 28-point effort in Utah's 105-103 win over Denver on Monday night. His efficient start carried Utah through a sluggish opening quarter. 
 
 NOT : Midway through the first half, the Hornets offense became downright icy. During an eight-minute scoreless stretch, New Orleans missed 10 consecutive shots and committed four turnovers. After  Austin Rivers  connected on a field goal with a minute remaining in the first quarter, the Hornets didn't score until the 5:09 mark in the second quarter when  Robin Lopez  made a free throw. 
 
 NOTABLE : Utah's  Marvin Williams  left the game midway through the third quarter due to concussion symptoms after smacking his skull against the floor following a rebound attempt. After the game, Corbin said Williams was still being evaluated. ... Despite being outscored 44-38 in the paint, Utah shot 17 more free throws than New Orleans. ...The Hornets did not attempt a free throw until the 5:09 mark in the second quarter. 
 
 UP NEXT : For the Hornets, Saturday vs. Oklahoma City, Monday vs. Milwaukee, Wednesday vs. Lakers. For the Jazz, Friday @ Oklahoma City, Saturday @ Houston, Monday vs. Clippers. 
