  Kings-Thunder notebook   By Randy Renner, NBA.com  Posted Tuesday February 15, 2011 11:16PM THE FACTS:  The Oklahoma City Thunder jumped out to a quick 14-2 lead on the Sacramento Kings and never looked back on the way to a 126-96 win inside Oklahoma City Arena. OKC's entire starting lineup spent the fourth quarter on the bench as the team took a 25-point lead into the final frame.  Daequan Cook  led the Thunder with 20 points. He was 5-for-7 on 3-pointers.  Kevin Durant  had just 17 points on 5-for-18 shooting.  Jeff Green  and  Nenad Krstic  added 16 for Oklahoma City. The Thunder had seven players score in double figures. Sacramento was led by  DeMarcus Cousins  who had 21 points and 13 rebounds.  Omri Casspi  added 14. QUOTABLE:  "We did a really good job of coming out and playing good defense. We played about as good as we can play. Kevin (Durant) talked to the guys at shootaround this morning about the importance of coming out strong and we did."   --Thunder coach  Scott Brooks THE STAT:  The Thunder had 28 assists and just 12 turnovers. The Kings had 18 assists and 16 turnovers. TURNING POINT:  Oklahoma City's fast start, a 37-24 lead at the end of the first quarter that expanded out to a 25-point lead midway through the second, took the Kings out early. QUOTABLE II:  "A great night for us. Everyone was encouraged by the effort. We came out ready tonight and everybody played really well."   --Thunder guard  Thabo Sefolosha HOT:  In the first 4:15 of the game the Thunder scored 17 points on 7-for-7 shooting. NOT:  During that same time the Kings scored four points on 1-for-10 shooting. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Oklahoma governor  Mary Fallin  sat courtside and then presented "Community Hero Awards" to several service men and women who attended "Military Night" inside Oklahoma City Arena. Also sitting courtside was the military commander during the Iraq war, former Army general  Tommy Franks , an Oklahoma native. GOOD MOVE:  Off the opening tip Oklahoma City's  Russell Westbrook  took a couple of dribbles at the top of the circle then drove into the lane and slammed the ball home for a rousing dunk to start the game. ROOKIE WATCH:  Cousins did not start but played 29:15, scoring 21 points. He had 13 rebounds and two blocked shots but also turned the ball over five times. Kings guard  Pooh Je ter played 38:44 and scored 13 points. He also handed out seven assists. NOTABLE:  After being announced as a starter Sacramento guard  Tyreke Evans  was a last second scratch after his plantar fasciitis flared up. He had scored in double figures in 14 straight games...Oklahoma City center  Serge Ibaka  had four blocked shots against the Kings. He now has at least one block in 26 straight games, the longest such streak in the NBA...The Thunder are now 16-3 following a loss...Oklahoma City goes into the All-Star break having won seven of the last ten...Sacramento plays again tomorrow night before the break. The Kings have lost six of the last seven. UP NEXT:  For the Kings, Wednesday @ Dallas, Tuesday @ Miami, Monday vs Clippers. For the Thunder, Tuesday vs Clippers, Wednesday, Feb 28, @ San Antonio, Friday, Feb 25th, @ Orlando.  