  Timberwolves-Clippers notebook   By Dan Arritt, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday December 21, 2010 2:08AM THE FACTS: Eric Gordon  and  Ryan Gomes  set season-high point totals and the Los Angeles Clippers won their third consecutive game with a 113-90 victory Monday night against the Minnesota Timberwolves at Staples Center. QUOTABLE:  "We are playing more as a team. During this past road trip, we told each other that we have nothing to lose and that we just need to buckle down."   -- Clippers guard Eric Gordon THE STAT:  Gordon produced the second-highest scoring total of his three-year career, finishing with 36 points on 14-for-23 shooting. He had scored at least 20 points in 12 straight games before totaling under 20 in the previous three. Gomes scored 22 points on 7-for-11 shooting and also grabbed a season-high 10 rebounds. TURNING POINT:  The Clippers scored the last six points of the second quarter and the first three of the third to stretch their lead to 13 and Minnesota never got closer than nine the rest of the way. QUOTE II:  "Our guys just didn't find the effort that it takes to get the job done. We weren't there at either end of the floor."   -- Minnesota coach  Kurt Rambis HOT:  Clippers rookie  Blake Griffin  grabbed his 10th rebound with 3:13 remaining, extending his streak of double-doubles to 16 games. Griffin finished with 22 points, 10 rebounds, seven assists and four dazzling slam dunks. Griffin came into the game as the only player in the NBA averaging at least 20 points, 12 rebounds and three assists this season. NOT:  The Clippers entered as the second-worst free-throw shooting team in the league, shot 20-for-33 from the line and passed Orlando as the worst foul-shooting team. The Clippers are at 68.8 percent from the line this season, the Magic are at 69 percent. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Minnesota sharp-shooter  Martell Webster  scored 18 points off the bench, his fifth straight game in double figures since coming back from back surgery that caused him to miss the first 24 games. GOOD MOVE:  Clippers coach  Vinny Del Negro  left Griffin in the game just long enough for him to extend his double-double streak. The crowd let out a roar when he grabbed his 10th rebound, signaling they're keeping track as well. BAD MOVE:  Minnesota post player  Kevin Love  committed two fouls in the first 7 1/2 minutes, earning a spot on the bench for nearly 11 minutes. The foul trouble seemed to throw Love off his game as he finished with 12 points and 10 rebounds. He came in averaging 21.1 points and 15.7 rebounds, including a career-high 43 points and 17 rebounds in a victory Saturday night in Denver. ROOKIE WATCH:  Other than Griffin, the remaining rookies had quiet nights.  Al-Farouq Aminu  scored nine points for the Clippers but picked up five fouls in just over 14 minutes of play, and teammate  Eric Bledsoe  had three points and six rebounds. For the Timberwolves,  Wes Johnson  scored seven points. NOTABLE:  The Clippers had their highest-scoring half of the season when they built a 68-58 halftime lead. It was also their largest margin of victory since they beat the Timberwolves by 25 points just over a year ago in Minnesota. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Wednesday vs. Houston, Sunday vs. Phoenix, Monday @ Sacramento. For the Timberwolves, Wednesday vs. Utah, Sunday @ Cleveland, Monday vs. New Orleans.  