  Notebook: Kings 115, Timberwolves 99 Posted Sunday March 18, 2012 9:15PM James Ham, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The Sacramento Kings used a huge third-quarter spurt to put away the visiting Timberwolves on Sunday by the score of 115-99. Marcus Thornton  struggled with his shot early, but finished with a game high 24 points for the Kings. Rookie  Isaiah Thomas  had another strong game, hitting 6-for-10 from the field on his way to an 18-point performance.  Jason Thompson  recorded his third straight double-double, scoring 13 points and grabbing a team-high 10 rebounds. Kevin Love  put in a solid 21 points and 11 rebounds for the visiting Timberwolves, but it wasn't enough. The Kings struggled to defend both  Derrick Williams  and  Michael  Beasley  for a stretch, but in the end, the Wolves couldn't match the home team's intensity. QUOTABLE:  "The NBA is a game of runs, especially if it's the first group or if it's the guys coming off the bench, if they're in a rhythm and a run, then you let them play it out. If it starts to die down a bit, then you start to make some changes, but if it's not broke, don't fix it."    --Thompson on both he and  DeMarcus Cousins  telling coach  Keith Smart  to leave the bench on the floor late in the victory. THE STAT:  Thompson is on fire while his parents have been in town visiting from Philadelphia. The fourth-year forward has put up three consecutive double-doubles and over that stretch and hit an amazing 24-for-29 (83 percent) from the field. TURNING POINT:  Thomas burst past  J.J. Barea  and laid the ball in to close the third quarter, giving the Kings the 90-80 lead going into the final frame. The Kings outscored the Wolves 33-23 coming out of the break and never looked back. HOT:  Thornton struggled early, going just 3-for-11 from the field in the first half, but he turned it around late. By the final horn, Thornton led all scorers with 24 points on 8-for-20 from the field. NOT: Wesley Johnson  struggled mightily tonight, finishing with two points on 1-for-6 shooting in 28 minutes. He also let Kings forward  John Salmons  get loose for 15 points. GOOD MOVE:  With less than five minutes remaining in the fourth quarter and his team up 13, Smart left his bench in the game. They finished strong, including a couple of highlight-reel dunks by rookie  Tyler Honeycutt  and veteran  Travis Outlaw . BAD MOVE:  Beasley was tough on the Kings early, scoring 11 points before the half on 5-for-8 shooting. The second half for Beasley was a nightmare. He hit just one of his eight shot attempts and finished the game with 13 points. NOTABLE:   Tyreke Evans  missed his second straight game with a sprained left ankle.  Nikola Pekovic  was also a late scratch for the T-Wolves. UP NEXT:  For the Timberwolves, Monday @ Golden State, Wednesday @ San Antonio, Wednesday @ Oklahoma City. For the Kings, Tuesday vs. Grizzles, Thursday vs. Jazz, Saturday @ Golden State.  