Notebook: Rockets 109, Knicks 106 
 
 
 Adam Zagoria, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Thu Nov 14, 2013 11:54 PM - Updated Thu Nov 14, 2013 11:54 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Houston Rockets won their eighth straight game against the Knicks and dropped New York to 1-4 at Madison Square Garden. 
 
 THE LEAD:  The Rockets overcame a 45-point, 10-rebound night from  Carmelo Anthony  to hold off the Knicks, 109-106, at Madison Square Garden. 
 With the Knicks trailing 107-104, Anthony appeared to tie the game at 107 with 5 seconds left when he flung a 3-pointer into the basket off an in-bounds play, but  James Harden  was called for a foul before Anthony let the shot go. Instead of tying the game on a dramatic shot, Anthony went to the line and made two free throws to bring New York within 107-106.  
 Harden then added two free throws in the final seconds and finished with 36 points and nine boards one night after he sat out an overtime loss in Philadelphia with a bruised left foot. 
 Former Knick sensation  Jeremy Lin  added 21 points, five rebounds and three assists and  Chandler Parsons  overcame back spasms to score 22 for the Rockets (6-4). 
 
 Andrea Bargnani  scored 24 points for the Knicks (3-5) while helping to limit  Dwight Howard  to seven points and 15 rebounds.  J.R. Smith  tallied 15 for New York. 
 
 QUOTABLE:   "[Harden] hit him twice. The first one was the one they called. The second one was the one that could've been continuation." 
  -- Lin on the Harden foul on Anthony. 
 
 
 QUOTABLE II:   "You gotta see blood for me to get a call down there." 
 -- Melo on the Harden non-shooting foul. 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Rockets went 38-for-44 from the stripe, while the Knicks shot 22-for-27. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Rockets used an 11-2 run late in the fourth -- highlighted by seven straight points from Harden, including a 3-pointer and four free throws -- to turn a 91-all tie into a 102-93 advantage. Trailing 107-104, the Knicks had one last chance after the Rockets turned it over on a shot-clock violation. Anthony was fouled by Harden just before he flung a 3-pointer that would've tied the game. Instead, he went to the line and made two free throws to make it 107-106. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "I'm up there screaming to try to get it reviewed. I thought it was close enough to have that play reviewed and they never even entertained it...There's nothing we can do about it now. 
  -- Knicks coach  Mike Woodson  on the Anthony foul. 
 
 
 QUOTABLE IV:   "James [Harden] played really well and overcame a huge performance by Melo and got us a win."  
 -- Rockets coach  Kevin McHale 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Bargnani, not known as a strong defender, continued to play center in the absence of  Tyson Chandler  (broken leg) and he played strong defense on Howard, including one blocked shot. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  The Knicks didn't get off to a good start in the first quarter, again. They trailed 28-23 after the first, marking the fourth time in five home games they've trailed after one. 
 
 HOT:  Parsons went for 20-plus points for the third time in his last four games. He scored 22 in the loss to the Sixers, had 18 in a win over Toronto and went for 23 in a loss to the Clippers. 
 
 NOT:  Amar'e Stoudemire  continues to be slow and ineffectual for the Knicks. He finished with no points and one rebound in five minutes. He did not play in the second half. 
 
 NOTABLE:   Greg Smith  collapsed to the floor with what the Rockets said was a right LCL sprain in the first quarter after Anthony drove into him under the Knicks' basket. He remained on the floor for several minutes while play went on without him, before he was helped off the floor. He will get an MRI. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "I thought he played his butt off...He got a couple charges on him, got a block." 
 -- Woodson on Bargnani's defense on Howard. 
 
 
 NOTABLE II:  Rockets center  Omar Asik  has reportedly asked for a trade. He did not play and sat at the end of the Houston bench. 
 
 NOTABLE III:  Smith says he hasn't yet heard from the NBA regarding his alleged Twitter threat of  Brandon Jennings  and that he was simply "tired of people picking on your little brother,"  Chris (Smith) , who made the Knicks' roster as the 15th man out of training camp. 
 The NBA is reportedly investigating the incident but before the game against the Rockets, Smith said he hadn't heard from them. "No," he said. "Not as yet." 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:   Darryl Strawberry ,  Tracy Morgan  and  Debbie Gibson  sat courtside. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Saturday vs. Atlanta, Tuesday @ Detroit, Wednesday vs. Indiana. For the Rockets, Saturday vs. Denver, Tuesday vs. Boston, Wednesday @ Dallas. 
