Notebook: Pacers 82, Grizzlies 81 
 
 
 Marlon W. Morgan, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Mon Jan 21, 2013 4:53 PM - Updated Mon Jan 21, 2013 4:53 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:  When it comes to last second plays, the Memphis Grizzlies might want to look for a new one. It's no secret that they look to forward  Rudy Gay , and the scouting report says Gay wants to go to his right. With 1.4 seconds remaining Monday afternoon, Indiana's  Paul George  prevented that from happening, forcing Gay to take a dribble that caused his would-be game winner to be released after the horn sounded, giving the Pacers an 82-81 win in front of a  Martin Luther King, Jr . Day crowd of 17,508 at FedExForum. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We know how hard Memphis is to beat in this building. They're one of the top five or six teams in the whole league. This is a good confidence builder for us." 
  -- Indiana forward  David West , who led the Pacers with 14 points. 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Indiana coach  Frank Vogel  was extremely pleased with his team's offense. Knowing the Pacers were facing one of the top defenses in the NBA, Vogel's squad managed to shoot 49 percent from the floor, including 66.7 percent in the third quarter. On the season, the Pacers average just 42 percent shooting. 
 
 TURNING POINT : After trailing the entire fourth quarter, the Grizzlies finally regained the lead, 79-78, when  Mike Conley  hit a 3-pointer with 2:10 to go. But George quickly answered, drilling a 3-pointer from the left wing to put the Pacers back on top for good. 
 
 HOT:  The Grizzlies were unable to capitalize on backup shooting guard  Wayne Ellington's  game-high 17 point performance. Ellington made 7-of-his-9 shot attempts, including all three of the 3-pointers. Unfortunately, he couldn't get free on the out of bounds play to end the game. 
 
 NOT:  After two solid back-to-back performances by  Marc Gasol , the Grizzlies center returned to his struggling self. Gasol was virtually a non-factor, scoring just six points on 2-of-4 shooting to go with five rebounds, four of which came in the second half. Gasol shot the ball just once in the second half. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We knew it was going to be a defensive battle and it was going to be a tough game. They made plays down the stretch. We have to pay attention to details. We have to communicate on the defensive end and execute offensively. I think they did a better job of doing that today." 
  -- Grizzlies guard  Tony Allen . 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  Although it was a tough shooting day for George, who was 5-of-3 from the floor for 12 points, he did manage to do other things to help the Pacers. George was one assist away from triple-double with nine and 10 rebounds. His defense also forced Gay into a tough shooting game as well. Gay had 14 points on 7 of 22 shooting and missed all three of his 3-pointers. He did have eight rebounds. ... Indiana forward  Tyler Hansbrough  made his presence felt in the middle, coming off the bench to score nine points and grab eight rebounds in 12 minutes. ... The win gives Indiana a sweep over the Grizzlies in the season series. The Pacers were 88-83 winners in Indianapolis on New Year's Eve. The Grizzlies are now 11-4 against Eastern Conference teams, 7-3 at home.... The Grizzlies have lost three of their last five games at FedExForum, falling to 15-6 at home this season. ... The Pacers had 11 blocked shots, including a season-high five by West and four by  Roy Hibbert . It is their second consecutive game with double-digit blocks. The Grizzlies had just two.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Pacers, Wednesday at Portland, Saturday at Utah, Monday at Denver. For the Grizzlies, Wednesday vs. L.A. Lakers, Friday vs. Brooklyn, Sunday vs. New Orleans. 
