  Notebook: Grizzlies 110, Warriors 92 Posted Thursday March 8, 2012 1:35AM By Geoff Lepper, for NBA.com THE FACTS:   Rudy Gay  collected a season-high-tying 26 points, 12 rebounds and five assists and the Memphis Grizzlies set a season-high with 33 assists Wednesday, cruising past the Golden State Warriors 110-92 for their fifth consecutive win.  Marc Gasol  had 17 points and 12 boards and  Marreese Speights  added 18 points as Memphis' starting frontline players combined to outscore their Golden State counterparts, 61-20.  Monta Ellis  and  Klay Thompson  led the Warriors with 16 points each, but Golden State -- which has now lost five in a row to Memphis -- didn't lead once in the second half. QUOTABLE:  "We're winning, that's all I like. To call yourself a good team, you've got to go out on the road and win. They were focused. . . . We didn't let up in the second half like we did in the first half after we had the lead."   -- Memphis coach  Lionel Hollins THE STAT:  The Grizzlies' previous two wins against the Warriors this year were each by a single point, but Memphis simply ran Golden State off the floor this time, piling up an astounding 32-5 advantage in fast-break points. TURNING POINT:  Memphis blew out of the gates with a 21-4 start, but that lead disappeared in less than 10 minutes. The Grizzlies regained their equilibrium before the half and reeled off 11 straight points early in the third quarter to break open what had been a tie game. Golden State never got closer than seven points after that. QUOTABLE II:  "That's incredible when you're playing against the Warriors, because they can get out and run. We didn't really turn the ball over where they had chances to run back at us. Most of the turnovers, we just threw the ball in the stands. So that'll really cut down on [an opponent's fast-break points]."   -- Lionel Hollins on the disparity in fast-break scoring. GOOD MOVE:  The Warriors' small-ball bench look -- made more dangerous by the fact that  Stephen Curry  was among the reserves as he continues to recover from a strained right foot tendon -- helped Golden State shoot itself back into the game in the first half with a 5-for-10 mark on 3-pointers. By going small himself in the late third and early fourth quarters, Hollins set up Memphis for a 21-11 run that left the Grizzlies up 99-78 with 6:43 remaining. BAD MOVE:  Golden State coach  Mark Jackson  didn't want to push Curry -- who had only clocked 9 minutes and 21 seconds of playing time since the All-Star break -- too hard, but it was abundantly clear from the first half that the Warriors desperately needed his offense. By the time Jackson went to Curry with 7:40 left in the third quarter, it was too late: Memphis held a 69-58 advantage. HOT:  Speights opened up strong in the first quarter, going 4-for-4 from the floor while dropping in top-of-the-key jumpers over  David Lee . But Speights really got going in the third period, delivering eight points, four rebounds, two assists and two steals. NOT:  Lee's string of double-doubles ended at four straight games, and he finished with just 11 points -- his third-lowest total of the season -- and four rebounds. NOTABLE:  Memphis point guard  Mike Conley  tied his season-high with 12 assists. . . . The Grizzlies assisted on all 13 of their buckets in the first quarter, and hit 10 of their first 11 shots. . . . The Warriors' two steals represented a season-low. UP NEXT:  For the Warriors, Saturday vs. Dallas, Sunday @ L.A. Clippers, Tuesday @ Sacramento. For the Grizzlies, Saturday @ Phoenix, Sunday @ Denver, Tuesday vs. L.A. Lakers.  