  Notebook: Warriors 104, Clippers 97 Posted Tuesday February 21, 2012 2:27AM By Geoff Lepper, for NBA.com THE FACTS: Monta Ellis  had 32 points and  Ekpe Udoh , making his first start of the season, added a career-high 19 Monday as the Golden State Warriors scored the game's final nine points to secure a 104-97 victory against the Los Angeles Clippers. David Lee  had 24 points and 13 rebounds for the Warriors, who won for only the fourth time this season in 13 instances where the teams were within three points of each other during the final 90 seconds. Chris Paul  (24),  Mo Williams  (22) and  Blake Griffin  (21) all had more than 20 points, but Los Angeles was undone by its inability to score in the final 3:15 after Williams' fadeaway jumper gave the Clippers a 97-95 lead, their last of the game. QUOTABLE:  "The way he's played the last month or so has been great, and tonight was the icing on the cake. He was spectacular tonight."  --  Warriors head coach   Mark Jackson  on Udoh. THE STAT:  The Clippers went 0-6 from the field with one critical turnover down the stretch, unable to come up with a single point while the game was still up for grabs. It would have been Los Angeles' ninth road win of the season, matching the club's total from the entire 2010-11 campaign, when the Clippers went 9-32 as the visitors. TURNING POINT:  The last of Udoh's career-high six offensive rebounds came with 2:21 left, and it set up the Warriors to take the lead for good 14 seconds later when  Brandon Rush  drained a 3-pointer to put Golden State up 98-97. The Warriors scored six more points to ice the game. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Udoh was plugged into the starting lineup after  Andris Biedrins  showed up for the Warriors' morning shootaround suffering from "flu-like symptoms," and the second-year product of Baylor made the most of it. Udoh thoroughly outplayed Los Angeles center  DeAndre Jordan  -- the man whom the Warriors signed to a four-year, $43 million offer sheet this offseason, only to see the Clippers match it -- and was plus-13 on the evening before leaving the game with 1:23 remaining due to a sprained left knee. QUOTABLE II:  "The way (Udoh) played tonight, he gives us something totally different. I will take my time and assess our basketball team and we'll move forward. He certainly is a guy that, when the opportunity presented itself, played well enough to demand more minutes."  --  Jackson, on whether or not Udoh or Biedrins will start at center in the future. HOT:  After a woeful first three quarters, the Warriors' bench came alive in the fourth quarter. Rush and  Nate Robinson  combined for 14 points on 5-for-9 shooting, critical production on a night where  Stephen Curry's  offensive contributions were muted (11 points, six assists). NOT:  The Clippers had 18 turnovers on the evening and shot just 37.5 percent in the second half, numbers that would eventually doom them. The exclamation point came with Los Angeles trailing 100-97. Warriors forward  Dominic McGuire , coming on in place of Udoh after the latter's injury, went toe-to-toe with Paul and didn't bite on a single fake, eventually outwaiting the five-time All-Star and snuffing out Paul's pull-up jumper at the right elbow. QUOTABLE III:  "We got into lockdown mode; we made life tough. When you play great defense, teams can score, but we buckled down and closed out the game the way good teams do."  --  Jackson. INSIDE THE ARENA:  The Clippers were incensed at the end of the first half with a couple of decisions by the refereeing crew of  Derrick Stafford, Matt Boland  and J .T. Orr.  With the Warriors deliberately hacking Jordan (who came in shooting 48.7 percent from the line), Paul threw up a half-court shot at the 37.9 second mark that swished through the net, but it was ruled to have come after the whistle was blown on  Dorell Wright's  off-the-ball foul against Jordan. On the Clippers' next trip downcourt, Paul launched another long 3-pointer as Wright once gave Jordan an obvious two-handed shove -- but no call was forthcoming, and Udoh nailed a jumper on the ensuing possession. Both Paul and head coach  Vinny Del Negro  had a long chat with Stafford after the halftime buzzer sounded. NOTABLE:  This was Ellis' ninth career 30-point game, and his third in his last six contests. His four-point play in the first quarter was the Warriors' first since he did it against New Orleans on Jan. 26, 2011. . . . Lee now has 17 double-doubles. . . .  Reggie Evans  led the Clippers with 12 boards off the bench. UP NEXT:  For the Warriors, Wednesday @ Phoenix, Tuesday @ Indiana, Wednesday @ Atlanta. For the Clippers, Wednesday vs. Denver, Tuesday vs. Minnesota, Thursday @ Sacramento.  