  Spurs-Nuggets notebook   By Michael Kelly, for NBA.com Posted Friday December 17, 2010 2:24AM THE FACTS:   Manu Ginobili  hit a leaning jumper with 4.2 seconds left and then took a charge on  Carmelo Anthony  with .4 seconds remaining to give the San Antonio Spurs a 113-112 win over the Denver Nuggets on Thursday night. Anthony hand 31 points and nine rebounds for the Nuggets. QUOTABLE:  "I definitely didn't want to make any doubts for the refs. A guy that explosive, it's hard to stop and pull up. I knew I was right out of the circle and he got me right in the chest."    -- Ginobili, on taking the charge on Anthony to seal the win. THE STAT:  Ginobili struggled early, shooting 1-for-8 through the first three quarters but came on in the fourth to finish with 16 points. TURNING POINT:  Holding onto a one-point lead, Ginobili slid in front of a driving Anthony and took a charge to negate what appeared to be a game-winning bucket for the Nuggets. QUOTABLE II:  "Obviously what I think and what they called are two different things. I thought I made a great play. I don't think I could've got a better look at it than that."   -- Anthony, on his last-second shot attempt. HOT:   Ty Lawson  continues to shine in place of injured starter  Chauncey Billups . The second-year guard had 15 points and six assists two nights after going for 16 and six against Orlando. NOT:  Nuggets forward  Shelden Williams  had a rough night trying to hold  Tim Duncan . He had just two points on 1-for-6 shooting in 16 minutes, although he did pull down seven rebounds. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Duncan's 28 points were nearly 15 over his season average, and his 16 rebounds were two short of his season high. GOOD MOVE:  Spurs coach  Gregg Popovich  called quick timeouts at the beginning of the game and early in the second half to stem Denver's momentum both times and keep San Antonio close. BAD MOVE:  The Nuggets' foul shooting down the stretch. Anthony,  J.R. Smith  and  Al Harrington  missed free throws in the final few minutes that helped keep the Spurs in the lead. NOTABLE:  The Nuggets' 37 points in the first quarter were the most allowed by the Spurs in any quarter this season. The previous high was Oklahoma City's 35 scored in the first quarter Nov. 14. UP NEXT:  For the Spurs, Saturday vs. Memphis, Monday vs. Phoenix, Wednesday vs. Denver. For the Nuggets, Saturday vs. Minnesota, Wednesday @ San Antonio, Saturday, Dec. 25, @ Oklahoma City.  