  Grizzlies-Celtics notebook   By Brian Robb, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday March 23, 2011 11:31PM THE FACTS:  The Memphis Grizzlies had six players in double figures as they escaped the TD Garden with a 90-87 win over the Boston Celtics for their third straight victory. New addition  Leon Powe  provided a major spark for the Grizz with a team-high 13 points against his former teammates while coming off the bench.  Marc Gasol  also chipped in with a double-double, tallying 11 points and 11 rebounds.  Paul Pierce  led all scorers with 22 points in the setback as Boston struggled to muster just two points against stifling Memphis defense in the game's final three minutes. QUOTABLE:  "I told our guys we need to win these games to graduate to the big leagues. Tonight was big for our confidence, as a young team to win a game like this against a championship contender."   -- Leon Powe THE STAT:  The C's offensive struggles out of the gate continued against Memphis, as they posted just 15 points in the first quarter. Over the past nine games, Boston has averaged just 18.8 points in the opening frame, nearly six points below their season average. TURNING POINT:   Rajon Rondo  grabbed a rebound with 26 seconds remaining and Boston trailing 88-87, as the Celtics had the numbers advantage on the fast break. Instead of finding Pierce, the team's offensive star on the night, Rondo took an ill-advised floater in the lane which missed badly.  Shane Battier  grabbed the rebound and Memphis held serve the rest of the way. HOT:  Powe -- The midseason acquisition had his best game yet in a Memphis uniform, and gave his team a huge lift in the second quarter with nine points on 3-of-3 shooting from both the field and free-throw line. Powe hit 5-of-6 shots overall in a mere 17 minutes of action. NOT:   Mike Conley  -- The Memphis floor general struggled mightily on the offensive end, hitting just 1-of-9 shots. Conley also had a game-high five turnovers as he was hounded by Rondo's tight defense all night. QUOTABLE II:  "We've got to get Paul Pierce more involved. He's got to get more touches in games. That's on me; I've got to get Paul involved more."   -- Boston coach  Doc Rivers FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Despite a cold night shooting the ball, Rondo made his presence felt in other areas of the game. The All-Star had his second straight double-double with 11 rebounds and 11 assists, as well as a season-high seven steals. The consecutive strong box score lines are indicative of the guard breaking out of his recent slump. ROOKIE WATCH:   Grevis Vazquez  performed well in spot duty for Memphis, posting four points and two rebounds. BAD MOVE:  With 8 seconds remaining in the game, the Celtics trailed 90-87 and looked for a chance to tie. With Memphis blanketing both Pierce and  Ray Allen  on the perimeter, Rondo passed the ball to  Glen Davis,  who forced up a 3-pointer which landed well wide of the basket. Davis had hit just 1-of-11 attempts from downtown on the season before that ill-advised attempt. NOTABLE:  The Celtics finished the season with a 8-7 mark at home against Western Conference opponents, as all of their losses at the TD Garden have come against their rival conference. Memphis doubled Boston's point output in the paint by a 52-26 margin as Boston's front line was shorthanded without  Shaquille O'Neal  and  Jermaine O'Neal  in the lineup.  Tony Allen  delivered an inspired outing in his return to Beantown with eight points, seven rebounds and a crucial breakaway steal and dunk in the fourth quarter. Allen had played the first five years of his career in Boston before signing with Memphis in the offseason. The Celtics shot 22-of-23 from the free-throw line. Memphis grabbed 11 offensive rebounds and had 16 second-chance points, compared to just three points for Boston. UP NEXT:  For the Grizzlies, Friday @ Chicago, Sunday vs. San Antonio, Wednesday vs. Golden State. For the Celtics, Friday vs. Charlotte, Sunday @ Minnesota, Monday @ Indiana.  