Notebook: Warriors 95, Mavericks 93 
 
 
 Geoff Lepper, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Thu Dec 12, 2013 2:41 AM - Updated Thu Dec 12, 2013 2:41 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  Stephen Curry  has hit for 30 points in back-to-back games for the fifth time in his NBA career. 
 
 THE LEAD:  Stephen Curry won the battle of former backcourt partners, outdueling  Monta Ellis  down the stretch and capping his night by hitting a 19-foot pullup jumper with 1.5 seconds remaining to clinch the Golden State Warriors' 95-93 comeback victory against the Dallas Mavericks on Wednesday night. 
 Milking the clock after Ellis had missed a potential tie-breaking jumper on Dallas' previous possession, Curry held the ball until he got  Shawn Marion  to bite on an upfake, then reloaded and converted with 0.7 seconds left on the shot clock. Dallas, with no timeouts remaining, watched point guard  Jose Calderon  miss a 50-foot heave at the buzzer. 
 Curry finished with 33 points and 10 assists as the Warriors erased a significant deficit for the second straight home game. Golden State (13-10), which recovered from a 27-point deficit against Toronto on Nov. 23, trailed by as many as 18 points against the Mavericks and was down 12 with 10:21 remaining before outscoring Dallas 29-15 to close out the game. 
 Ellis and  Dirk Nowitzki  shared team-high honors with 21 points each, but couldn't get the Mavericks (13-10) over the hump on the final stop of a four-game road trip. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We wanted to make sure we dwindled the clock down. Steph did a great job of recognizing, not panicking, and then he did what big-time players do -- he made a big-time shot." 
 -- Warriors coach  Mark Jackson 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Even though the Warriors committed 18 turnovers on the night, they were able to outscore the Mavericks 14-7 on points off of such miscues in the second half, including 11 such points in the fourth quarter. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  After being tied up on a Curry trey at 82-82, the Mavericks used a burst to put the Warriors back at arm's length, with their lead fluctuating between four and six points. Then Curry drained another 3-pointer while getting bumped by Calderon. The ensuing free throw brought the Warriors to within a single bucket at 92-90, and after the Warriors forced a turnover by trapping Ellis on a baseline drive, Curry kicked a pass out to  Draymond Green  for a go-ahead 3-pointer. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "The killer is the four-point play right there. To me, Jose didn't even foul him. That's a tough swing right there, to have just went up six and give the momentum back on a play like that." 
 -- Dirk Nowitzki 
 
 
 HOT:  As  Klay Thompson  struggled to find the range, the Warriors simply rode Curry down the stretch. He took 11 of Golden State's 19 field-goal attempts in the fourth quarter, hitting six of them en route to 16 points during the period. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Without injured guard  Andre Iguodala  and center  Jermaine O'Neal , the Warriors don't have much in the way of depth -- which makes Green's versatility all that much more critical. Green tied his season high with 28 minutes as Golden State's only consistent force off the bench, and finished with nine points, five rebounds and four assists -- and played the defense that helped force Ellis into missing his 13-footer with 24.9 seconds to go. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "To believe some people around here didn't want him to shoot the 3-ball all last year, it's funny to me. . . . He is absolutely a winner. He does everything on the basketball floor to put you in position to win ballgames. He's a great competitor, he's a great leader and his approach, his mentality, is contagious." 
 -- Mark Jackson on Draymond Green 
 
 
 NOT:  The Warriors looked dreadful once again in falling behind early, shooting 6-for-24 in the first quarter and totaling just 16 points. 
 
 QUOTABLE IV:  "We have to stop. We can't continue to get behind like that and continue to try to come back and win. . . . Yeah, we did play hard, but let's play hard and beat a team by 15 or 20 points. Let's not play lackadaisical and get down 15 or 20 points and then play hard and come back and win by one or two points. If we can play like that for the entire 48 minutes, then that's the team that everybody expected." 
 -- Draymond Green 
 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  The Warriors appeared to get away with an infraction during the wild finish; rookie guard  Nemanja Nedovic  raced onto the court to chest-bump Curry, even though the Mavericks hadn't called timeout and inbounded quickly to Calderon. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Dallas guard  Shane Larkin  tossed four assists in 11 minutes, against two turnovers. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Ellis said he was happy with his final shot: "Like I said, good look. Didn't go down." The former Golden State star went 8-for-20 from the floor with five assists against no turnovers. ... There were only seven fast-break points in the entire contest -- five to Dallas, two to the Warriors. ... Golden State center  Andrew Bogut  grabbed a season-high 18 rebounds. ... Newly signed Warriors big man  Hilton Armstrong  made his Warriors debut with 2:44 remaining in the third quarter. Armstrong is believed to be the first NBA player ever to wear No. 57 in a game. ... Dallas wound up even on their trip, dropping two in Northern California after opening with wins in New Orleans and Portland. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Mavericks, Saturday vs. Milwaukee, Wednesday vs. Memphis, Friday vs. Toronto. For the Warriors, Friday vs. Houston, Sunday @ Phoenix, Tuesday vs. New Orleans. 
