  Pacers-Pistons notebook   By Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com  Posted Saturday March 26, 2011 11:12PM THE FACTS:   Richard Hamilton  scored 23 points as the Detroit Pistons snapped a three-game losing streak with a 100-88 victory over the Indiana Pacers Saturday night. Indiana lost for the second time in as many nights and saw its lead for the No. 8 playoff seed in the Eastern Conference drop to one game. QUOTABLE:  "If you could ever bottle some of the things we did tonight, we could be very, very competitive. You're going to have games where you don't understand why the energy is not as high as it was but tonight we had the energy the way I wanted it."   -- Pistons head coach  John Kuester , whose team bounced back from a loss to lowly Cleveland Friday. THE STAT:  0-18. The Pacers have lost all 18 games in which they have failed to score at least 90 points. They shot 47.4 percent from the field but were hampered by 19 turnovers, which the Pistons turned into 24 points. The top offensive threat,  Danny Granger , was held to 14 points by  Tayshaun Prince  and he also made four turnovers. TURNING POINT:  Detroit reserve forward  Charlie Villanueva  was benched in Cleveland and did not play during the first three quarters Saturday. With  Ben Wallace  and  Chris Wilcox  sidelined by injuries, Villanueva seized the unexpected opportunity to play and erupted for 13 points, including three 3-pointers. QUOTABLE II:  "I was a little shocked. I expected the same outcome as the last game but at the same time, be ready. He called my named and I was ready to go."    -- Villanueva on his fourth-quarter outburst. HOT:  Hamilton, who was in Kuester's doghouse during January and February, has responded since getting his rotation spot back. He is averaging 15.8 points this month, including six 20-point games. Kuester also credited Hamilton for his defensive intensity on a night when the Pacers starting backcourt of  Paul George  and  Darren Collison  scored a combined nine points. NOT:  Indiana center  Roy Hibbert  scored a career-high 29 points in his last visit to The Palace. He was held to six points on 3-for-10 shooting with four turnovers, thanks to the spirited efforts of  Greg Monroe ,  Jason Maxiell  and Wilcox. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Pacers reserve guard  Brandon Rush  regained his 3-point touch after going 1-for-7 from long range against Sacramento Friday. He made 4-of-6 while scoring a team-high 19 points. INSIDE THE ARENA:  The  Fennville Blackhawks  boys basketball team attended the game as guests of The Palace and received a warm ovation when introduced during the third quarter. Fennville captured hearts nationwide when they won a Class C district title a week after star player  Wes Leonard  collapsed on the court and died of a heart ailment. The Blackhawks lost in the regionals to eventually state champion Schoolcraft. ROOKIE WATCH:  Monroe just missed his 18th double-double, contributing nine points and team-high 13 rebounds. Since the All-Star break, Monroe has averaged 14.3 points and 10.1 rebounds. NOTABLE:  Pistons point guard  Tracy McGrady  missed the game with back spasms. Wallace sat out for the third straight game with a sore left knee and replacement Wilcox missed the second half with a sore knee. ... Indiana's last two losses have come against teams with a combined record of 45-99. ... The Pacers made just 7 of 19 free throws, including a 1-for-6 performance from  A.J. Price . ... Hamilton made a half-court shot along the sideline just before the first-quarter buzzer UP NEXT:  For the Pacers, Monday vs. Boston, Wednesday vs. Detroit, Friday vs. Milwaukee. For the Pistons, Wednesday @ Indiana, Friday vs. Chicago, Sunday @ Boston.  