  Mavericks-Raptors notebook   By Dave Ivey, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday December 28, 2010 11:48PM THE FACTS:  The Raptors took advantage of injured forward  Dirk Nowitzki 's absence and dominated the Mavericks inside during an 84-76 victory in Dallas on Tuesday. Rookie  Ed Davis  paced five Raptors in double figures with 17 points and 12 rebounds as they outscored Dallas 48-24 in the paint. Toronto snapped its three-game slide and halted a five-game winning streak by the Mavericks, who had won 17 of their last 18. QUOTABLE:  "They just outplayed us. They played great defense on us and we couldn't execute. They just outplayed us. They outplayed us at both ends."   --  Mavericks guard  J.J. Barea . THE STAT:  Five of the Mavericks' six losses this season have come at the American Airlines Center. This one came against a struggling Toronto team that had dropped 10 straight in Dallas and came into the game with an 0-5 record on the road against Western Conference opponents. TURNING POINT:  Trailing 71-68 in the fourth, the Mavericks had multiple chances to tie, but  Jason Terry  (18 points) and  DeShawn Stevenson  both missed 3-point attempts and Toronto pulled away with an 8-0 run that included three straight baskets by  Leandro Barbosa . QUOTABLE II:  "I thought we were in too much of a 'try and make things happen' mode and not trusting the team and the system enough and really working together. It's one of those things that can happen, and it hurt us."    -- Mavericks head coach  Rick Carlisle .  HOT:  With 16 points, Toronto's  DeMar DeRozan  reached double figures for the 13th time in his last 15 games. The second-year guard is averaging 14.5 points per game on the road this season, compared to 11.6 at home. NOT:  Dallas trailed 23-13 after one quarter, matching its lowest first-quarter point total of the season set on Nov. 19 against Chicago. The Mavericks shot a dismal 20 percent (4-for-20), with  Shawn Marion  going 3-for-5. Dallas missed all six 3-point shots and turned it over seven times in the opening stanza. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Nowitzki, the NBA's seventh-leading scorer at 24.1 points per game, is day-to-day with a sprained right knee suffered in Monday's win at Oklahoma City. Marion made his fourth start of the season and contributed 12 points and five rebounds. GOOD MOVE:  When starter  Joey Dorsey  went to the bench after picking up two fouls in the first 3:08, Davis came off the bench and scored three straight buckets for the Raptors during the first quarter. The rookie from North Carolina had a double-double (12 points, 10 rebounds) by halftime and finished with season highs in both categories. Davis was 6-for-8 from the field and added three blocks and three steals. BAD MOVE:  After being whistled for traveling on the previous possession, Raptors forward  Linas Kleiza  was slapped with back-to-back technical fouls and ejected with 5:14 left in the third quarter. He was leading Toronto with 16 points at the time. NOTABLE:  The Mavericks set a season low for points. The previous mark came in an 88-83 home loss to Chicago on Nov. 19. It was their lowest-scoring effort since an 80-75 setback against Atlanta on Dec. 5, 2009. ... Toronto scored 20 points off 18 turnovers by Dallas and won the battle of the boards, 42-35. ... Raptors guard  Jerryd Bayless  injured his left ankle in the second quarter. He returned briefly in the second half before leaving the game after re-aggravating the injury. UP NEXT:  For the Mavericks, Thursday vs. San Antonio, Saturday @ Milwaukee, Sunday @ Cleveland. For the Raptors, Friday @ Houston, Sunday vs. Boston, Tuesday @ Chicago.  