  Lakers-Celtics notebook   By Brian Robb, for NBA.com Posted Friday February 11, 2011 12:16AM THE FACTS:   Kobe Bryant  and the Los Angeles Lakers spoiled a milestone night for  Ray Allen  as the defending champions defeated the undermanned Boston Celtics 92-86 at TD Garden. Allen became the NBA's career leader in 3-pointers in the first quarter, passing  Reggie Miller 's all-time mark of 2,560. That was the highlight of Allen and the Celtics' night however, as the Lakers fought back from an early double-digit deficit before taking control of the contest in the second half. Bryant keyed the comeback for the Lakers by scoring 20 of his 23 points after halftime, while also sending Allen to the bench with foul trouble in the third quarter. The rest of Bryant's teammates also stepped up defensively to help limit Boston to just 33 points in the final 24 minutes.  Pau Gasol  had a double-double with 20 points and 10 rebounds for the Lakers, who have now won three straight games on their extended road trip. Allen tallied 20 points to lead the Celtics. QUOTABLE:  "It seemed like it was slow motion for me. When I got the ball and let it go, it felt so good, that once I let it go I knew it was good. It was definitely a magical moment."   -- Ray Allen on his shot to set the NBA record for most made 3-point field goals THE STAT:  After allowing the Celtics to shoot over 60 percent in the team's initial meeting this year, the Lakers tightened the screws on their defense in their rematch with Boston. The added effort showed tonight as the Celtics shot a mere 30.2 percent in the closing 24 minutes, enabling the Lakers to outscore them by 14 points in the second half on their way to the victory. TURNING POINT:  With the Lakers clinging to a three-point lead halfway through the final frame, a rested Bryant returned to the game and took command immediately against a fatigued Celtics team. The All-Star hit three straight buckets to spark a 6-0 run for Los Angeles, building a nine-point lead the C's were unable to recover from the rest of the way. QUOTABLE II:  "We just made things a little bit tougher. In the first half, they got a lot of easy opportunities in transition, a lot of easy catch and shoots. We just had to put a stop to it."   -- Kobe Bryant on what changed in the second half HOT:  Allen -- The 15-year veteran got the TD Garden rocking early, coming out of the gate scorching on his way to breaking Miller's 3-point record. Allen scored 12 of his team high 20 points in the opening frame, jumpstarting his team into an early seven-point lead. NOT:   Rajon Rondo  -- The NBA's assist leader hit the ground running early on, hitting his first three shots. The point guard cooled off considerably the rest of the way, missing nine of his final eleven shots while failing to take advantage of the Lakers' sagging defense on him. QUOTABLE III:  "I hope we're motivated every night. We got a 1-7 record against power teams, so this win is important, playing our game and finding ourselves in a game, which we were highly competitive, and not losing ourselves while having our identity."   -- Lakers head coach  Phil Jackson FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Gasol provided a reliable source of scoring down low all night long for Los Angeles, hitting eight of his 13 attempts on the evening. With the impressive line, Gasol is now shooting over 63 percent during the month of February. NOTABLE:  Allen hit three 3-pointers during the contest and finished with 2,562 made field goals from beyond the arc, two ahead of Miller's career mark. He embraced Miller, along with his family at the end of the first quarter as the TD Garden gave the sharpshooter an extended standing ovation for his feat.  Nate Robinson  left the game with 8:21 remaining in the second quarter with a bruised right knee after landing on  Shannon Brown  taking a 3-pointer. He did not return and his departure left the Celtics with just nine active players for the final three quarters. The Lakers dominated all night down low, outscoring the C's 50-32 in the paint while also holding a commanding 47-36 edge on the glass. Los Angeles also held a 16-9 advantage in second-chance points. Boston had just nine turnovers, five below their season average. Both teams wore throwback uniforms, with the Lakers wearing their home yellow jersey on the road. Boston led by as many as 15 points in the first half.  Lamar Odom  provided a double-double off the bench for the victors with 10 points and 12 rebounds, including six offensive. The Celtics dressed only 10 players. UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Friday @ New York, Sunday @ Orlando, Monday @ Charlotte. For the Celtics, Sunday vs. Miami, Wednesday vs. New Jersey, Tuesday @ Golden State.  