
 Wizards-Pacers notebook   By John Oehser, for NBA.com Posted Friday December 31, 2010 6:04PM THE FACTS:   Danny Granger  finished with 18 points to lead a balanced offensive effort for the Indiana Pacers in 95-86 victory over the Washington Wizards at Conseco Fieldhouse in Indianapolis Friday afternoon. Point guard  Darren Collison  also had 18 poins for Indiana, which led by as many as 20 and never led by less than 10 points in the second half until the final seconds. The Wizards, who are 8-7 at home this season, are now 0-16 on the road. They have lost 15 of 18 games, but beat Indiana at home Wednesday 104-90. Indiana snapped a three-game losing streak with the victory. Roy Hibbert  had a strong second half and finished with 18 points and eight rebounds as Indiana maintained a 13-15 point lead much of the final two quarters. QUOTABLE I:  "The NBA is a season of runs. Teams that win seven, eight, nine in a row -- 10 out of 12, or something like that -- that's when teams separate themselves. We just haven't hit or stride yet. I think it's coming."    -- Danny Granger THE STAT:  The Pacers got big-time production at the point guard position, particularly in the first half. Not only did Collison score 18 points with six assists, backup  T.J. Ford  scored nine points and had four assists. The pair combined for 21 points -- Collison, 12; Ford nine -- on 9-for-12 first-half shooting, and they combined for four first-half assists. That helped Indiana take a 49-34 lead at halftime, at which time Ford also had three steals. TURNING POINT:  The Pacers held a lead pretty much throughout, but really took control in the second quarter. By the time, the Wizards called timeout, the Pacers had extended a three-point lead to 45-26 with 4:22 remaining in the second quarter...  Ford had eight points for Indiana in the period. QUOTABLE II:  "We've got to find a way to get a win on the road. Even if we're below average on the road, if we win a few games, we're right there for the eighth, ninth or 10th spot fighting for something."    -- Wizards coach  Flip Saunders HOT:  Granger started hot and remained that way through the first half. He shot 3-for-3 in first quarter and had 13 first-half points on 6-for-9 first-half shooting. Indiana shot 51.3 in the first half, including 3-for-6 from 3-point range. He finished 8-for-12 from the floor. NOT:  Forward  Andray Blatche  missed all six of his first-half shots for the Wizards. He finished 4-for-12 from the field for the game, but he was hardly the only Wizards player who started the game cold. The Wizards shot 10-for-36 from the field in the first half, including 2-for-14 in a second quarter in which they shot 14.3 percent from the floor. Blatche finished with a game-high 12 rebounds. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  The Wizards' struggles continue, but rookie  John Wall  -- the No. 1 overall selection in the 2010 NBA Draft -- continues to show signs of future superstardom. He finished with 25 points, three rebounds and four assists, although he did finish with seven turnovers as well. Wall, who played collegiately at Kentucky, was particularly strong during a third quarter in which he almost single-handedly kept the Wizards in the game. He scored 17 points in the period on 7 of 8 shooting. He also made his only 3-pointer of the period, but had four turnovers in that period, too. Wall's 10 field goals were a career high. GOOD MOVE:  The Pacers started forward  Josh McRoberts  at the four spot and also played  Tyler Hansbrough  off the bench. Veteran  Jeff Foster  ? one of the team's best rebounders ? did not play because of a coaches decision. He is averaging just under seven rebounds a game in his last four games, and was inactive Wednesday when Washington outrebounded Indiana 54-47. Pacers coach  Jim O'Brien  said before the game he expected Indiana to be able to handle Washington on the boards even without Foster. He was right, as the Pacers outrebounded the Wizards 45-39. ROOKIE WATCH:  Pacers rookie  Paul George , playing in just his 10th game of the season -- and for the fourth time in 25 games -- had a career-high 13 points and seven rebounds. He entered the game averaging 4.3 points. His fast-break dunk with just under four minutes remaining in the third quarter pushed Indiana's lead to 69-49. George also had five steals. NOTABLE:  Saunders was back on the bench after missing two games because of a family emergency involving his mother. . . . The Wizards' 12 second-quarter points were the fewest scored against Indiana in a period this season. . . . The Pacers scored a season-high 27 points off turnovers Friday. UP NEXT:  For the Wizards, Saturday vs. New Orleans, Wednesday at Philadelphia, Friday vs. New Jersey. For the Pacers, Sunday at New York, Tuesday vs. Chicago, Friday vs. San Antonio. 
