  Notebook: Thunder 120, Warriors 109    By Geoff Lepper, for NBA.com Posted Saturday January 28, 2012 2:04AM THE FACTS: Kevin Durant  had a season-high 37 points, 15 in the fourth quarter, and 14 rebounds as the Oklahoma City Thunder pulled away in the closing minutes for a 120-109 victory over the Golden State Warriors.  Russell Westbrook  (28 points, season-high 11 assists and seven steals) and  Serge Ibaka  (20 points, 12 boards, both season-bests) each had their first double-doubles of the season for Oklahoma City, which has won 11 of its last 12 games.  Dorell Wright  scored a team-high 23 points for the Warriors, including six 3-pointers, but Golden State couldn't overcome a combined 11-for-33 shooting night from  Monta Ellis  and  Stephen Curry . QUOTABLE:  "I was past due with the big scoring night, so it felt good to score some points, but the rebounds -- it's not every night I can go get 14, so it feels good to help my team out in that aspect."  --  Durant. THE STAT:  The Thunder belied their status as the NBA's next-to-worst offensive rebounding team with a season-high 19 in that category, eight of them from a surging Ibaka. Oklahoma City enjoyed a 53-34 advantage on the boards overall and outscored Golden State 19-6 in terms of second-chance points. TURNING POINT:  Golden State trailed for the final 43 minutes of the game, but had plenty of momentum as they cut their deficit to 86-83 early in the fourth quarter. Oracle Arena was primed to explode when the Warriors wheeled upcourt with a 3-on-1 break, but  Brandon Rush  banged his dunk attempt off the rim with 9:16 to go. A 14-3 Oklahoma City run followed immediately, finally putting the game out of reach. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Coming off a 14-point night against New Orleans, Ibaka continues to trend upward, going 9-for-15 from the floor and providing adequate perimeter defensive work as the Warriors went small without success. QUOTABLE II:  "I didn't do a good job of finding him opportunities early in the season, but I think he's doing a better job of finding himself some opportunities. With Serge, it's all confidence. He's one of our best mid-range shooters, and now he's getting buckets around the hoop, off his put-backs."  --  Thunder head coach  Scott Brooks  on Ibaka. HOT:  Durant already led all scorers through three quarters with 22 points, but he turned up the intensity in the final 12 minutes, draining a back-breaking 3-pointer and following up with an alley-oop slam to put Oklahoma City up 97-86 with 5:18 reamining. NOT:  When Ellis went 2-for-9 from the floor against Portland on Wednesday, he made up for it by dealing 12 assists. Friday, he wasn't able to do the same, going 5-for-17 with six assists and three turnovers. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Warriors guard  Nate Robinson , who was barely used by the Thunder last season after arriving from Boston as ballast in the  Jeff Green -for- Kendrick Perkins  deal, heaved in a 3-pointer from beyond half-court to end the first quarter. After the shot banked home, Robinson did a quick 180 to stare down the Oklahoma City bench for more than 5 seconds. ROOKIE WATCH:  Golden State swingman  Klay Thompson  tied his career-highs with 14 points and six field goals, including a 2-for-3 night from deep. NOTABLE:  The Thunder enjoyed a lopsided advantage at the free-throw line, taking 37 foul shots -- just one off the team's season-high -- as the Warriors kept getting caught reaching in for pointless fouls. . . . Thunder forward  Thabo Sefolosha  played only 11 minutes due to soreness in his right foot. He left the game in the first quarter to get a new tape job and returned before halftime, but didn't play after intermission. "It hurt too much," Sefolosha said. "I couldn't chase anybody down." He's considered day-to-day. . . .  David Lee  had 19 points and seven rebounds for Golden State but fouled out in 36 minutes. UP NEXT:  For the Warriors, Tuesday vs. Sacramento, Thursday vs. Utah, Saturday at Sacramento. For the Thunder, Monday @ Clippers, Wednesday @ Dallas, Friday vs. Memphis.  