
 Nuggets - Rockets notebook    By Matt Miller, for NBA.com  Posted Sunday October 31, 2010 12:10AM THE FACTS:   Carmelo Anthony  and  Al Harrington  combined for 52 points to lead the Denver Nuggets to a 107-94 win over the winless Houston Rockets on Saturday at Toyota Center. Yao Ming  scored 14 points on 6-for-10 shooting, and  Luis Scola  posted team highs of 28 points and 10 rebounds to lead Houston, which fell to 0-3 for the first time since the 1999-2000 campaign. Houston started that season 0-5 and missed the playoffs with a 34-48 record. QUOTABLE:  "Both games -- Golden State and L.A. -- [the Rockets' offense] had this flow and rhythm that I thought we took away from them. Their flow and rhythm became more of a five-on-five game." -- Nuggets coach George Karl on how his team stymied the Rockets' offense. THE STAT:  The Nuggets' bench outscored the Rockets' bench 42-20, helping to offset Houston's 54-38 advantage in the paint. TURNING POINT:  After the Rockets ripped off a 13-5 run midway through the fourth quarter to close their deficit to 90-89 with 5:24 remaining, Denver guard  Chauncey Billups  drained a 25-footer to quiet a raucous crowd and spark a 9-0 run that put the game out of reach for Houston. QUOTABLE II:  "In the fourth quarter, we kind of just gave into the situation. We didn't execute offensively, and we didn't shoot well. [Denver] started getting pretty much what they wanted on their end offensively." -- Rockets coach Rick Adelman on his team's fourth-quarter struggles. HOT:  Harrington scored 17 of his team-high 28 points in the second half on 6-for-12 shooting, including a 3-for-4 performance from 3-point range. He also crashed the boards well as he grabbed four offensive rebounds after halftime. NOT:  Neither team got into a shooting rhythm from 3-point range in the first half as the Nuggets and Rockets combined to go 6-for-21 from behind the arc. Denver had difficulty finding the mark anywhere on the court during the second quarter, shooting 7-for-26 overall after an 8-for-18 performance in the first quarter. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Scola followed a 36-point, 18-rebound performance against Golden State with another stat-stuffing outing against Denver. With 28 points and 10 rebounds, Scola notched his third straight double-double of the young season. BAD MOVE:  Adelman saved Yao for the final 4:33 of the fourth quarter, but that plan didn't go smoothly for Houston. Yao failed to score or grab a rebound down the stretch as the Rockets' offense fizzled. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Yao received a thunderous standing ovation from the announced sellout crowd of 18,161 during the pre-game lineup introduction. The 7-foot-5 center grabbed the Public Address announcer's microphone and thanked the fans for their support just before the national anthem.  NOTABLE:  Rockets guard  Kyle Lowry  retreated to the locker room late in the second quarter to receive four stitches over his eye. He returned to the court and played a little more than eight minutes after halftime. ... Kevin Martin continued his streak of perfection from the charity stripe Saturday, knocking down all six of his free-throw attempts. Martin is now 30-for-30 at the line this season. UP NEXT:  For the Nuggets, Wednesday vs. Dallas, Friday vs. L.A. Clippers (ESPN), Saturday @ Dallas (NBA TV). For the Rockets, Wednesday vs. New Orleans, Saturday @ San Antonio, Nov. 7 vs. Minnesota. 
