  Sixers-Pacers notebook   By Conrad Brunner, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday March 8, 2011 11:03PM THE FACTS:  With seven players scoring in double figures, led by  Thaddeus Young 's 18 off the bench, Philadelphia opened a 21-point third-quarter lead but then had to survive a late rush led by Indiana's  Tyler Hansbrough  (26 points) to pull out a 110-100 victory Tuesday in Indianapolis. It was the third straight win for the Sixers (33-30), who all but ended the Pacers' hopes of catching them in the Eastern Conference standings by expanding their lead to six games. Indiana (27-36) lost its fourth in a row and sixth in seven games. QUOTABLE:  "Our goal in tonight's game was to make this game more important to us than it was to them. We have a lead on them in the standings and we wanted to be able to add to that and keep them in the distance. So that was definitely important tonight."    -- Sixers forward  Elton Brand THE STAT:  Indiana has allowed at least 60 points in the first half and 110 points overall in all four games of its current losing streak. TURNING POINT:  The Sixers jumped out to a 22-9 first-quarter lead, marking the seventh time in the last eight games Indiana fell into a double-digit hole in the opening period. The Pacers spent most of the night in a double-digit hole in losing wire-to-wire for the third time in four games. QUOTABLE II:  "Our guys have to do better. They understand it, I understand it. Not getting it done defensively and not moving the ball enough."    -- Pacers interim coach  Frank Vogel HOT:  Hansbrough shot 11-for-14 from the field and fell one short of his career high, scoring in double figures for the sixth straight game off the bench. NOT:   Danny Granger  scored just 11 for Indiana and has gone two straight games without making a 3-pointer for the first time this season. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Owners thinking  Brandon Rush  might be a nice late-season pickup with  Mike Dunleavy  out continue to be disappointed. Rush scored just four points and took two shots in 21 minutes and is averaging 6.6 points in starting the last eight games. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Former Pacers and Sixers forward  Derrick McKey  watched from a front-row seat. NOTABLE:  The announced crowd of 9,466 was the lowest of the season in Conseco Fieldhouse. ... Opponents have averaged 32 points in the first quarter in the Pacers' last eight games. ... Indiana has shot just 38-for-134 (.284) since the All-Star break. ... Indiana has more turnovers (149) than assists (140) in the last nine games. ... The Pacers have dropped 15 of the last 18 games in which Rush has started. ...  Andre Iguodala  came up short of his third straight triple-double but did have 16 points and 10 assists for the Sixers. ... The Sixers have won seven of eight, but all of the victories have come over teams with sub-.500 records. UP NEXT:  For the Pacers, Wednesday @ Minnesota, Friday @ Toronto, Sunday @ New York. For the Sixers, Wednesday vs. Oklahoma City, Friday vs. Boston, Saturday @ Milwaukee.  