Notebook: Pacers 90, Raptors 88 
 
 
 Duane Watson, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Oct 31, 2012 11:10 PM - Updated Wed Oct 31, 2012 11:10 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:  Despite a number of new faces in the Toronto Raptors (0-1) line up, they still faced a similar result, losing to the (1-0) Indiana Pacers 90-88 at their home opener.  George Hill' s game winning 5-foot floater capped off a 16-4 fourth quarter run to end the game. Indiana outscored Toronto 27-17 in the final frame. The Pacers were led by  David West 's game-high 25 points, 14 of which came in the final quarter.  Paul George  added a double-double with 14 points and 15 rebounds, while  Roy Hibbert  chipped in 14 points and 9 rebounds. 
 Raptors point guard  Kyle Lowry  had 21 points, eight assists and five seals in his debut.  Andrea Bargnani  scored 16 points and rookie center Jonas Valanciunas had a double-double with 12 points and 10 rebounds. 
 With the score tied 88-88 and 22.1 left in the game, officials had to go to video review to determine who had possession from an out of bounds play. Indiana was awarded the ball and set up the final game winning possession. Bargnani's 16-foot shot fell short and the Pacers went on to win, without last season's leading scorer  Danny Granger ,  who is out indefinitely with a sore knee. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "The opportunity was there for me to get in the paint and be aggressive and I took that. I'm not scared to take shots like that, I live for things like that. That's the things I do at the park growing up as a kid, counting down and trying to hit game-winning shots."
-- Pacers guard Hill on his game-winning basket. 
 
 THE STAT:  Although the Pacers held the Raptors to .363 per cent shooting from the field, they turned over the ball 19 times, leading to 17 Raptors points. Despite their inability to take care of the ball, they were still able to win.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  While Hill had the game winner, the momentum shifted in favor of the Pacers with 5:20 left in the quarter on West's seven-foot jump hook shot, making the score 84-76, starting the Pacers 16-4 run to win the game. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I just feel comfortable with the ball in my hands. Especially as the game got tighter, I was getting loose, the game slowed down a little but and I was able to get some good looks at the basket."
-- Pacers forward   West on his play down the stretch. 
 
 HOT:  Lowry put his squad on his back in his Raptors debut, filling the stat sheet and pushing the tempo. He scored 21 points and dished eight assists, with seven rebounds and five steals.  In the fourth quarter, West couldn't be stopped, shooting 7-for-9 from the field. 
 
 NOT:   Ian Mahinmi 's relief minutes for Hibbert in the first were half were less than stellar. He shot 0 for 1 from the field and 1 for 2 from the free throw line and committed four turnovers, keeping the Raptors in the game. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Raptors head coach  Dwane Casey  threw a variety of defenders at Hibbert in the second half (Valanciunas,  Amir Johnson ,  Aaron Gray ) and kept him scoreless for the remainder of the game. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  West powered the Pacers back in the game fourth quarter. Bargnani could not stop him and the Raptors didn't make an adjustment, which cost them the game. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Valanciunas became the first Raptors rookie since  Damon Stoudamire  (1995) to record a double-double in his first game.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Raptors: Saturday @ Brooklyn, Sunday vs. Minnesota, Tuesday @ Oklahoma City. For the Pacers: Friday @ Charlotte, Saturday vs. Sacramento and Monday @ San Antonio. 
