  Pistons-Heat notebook   By Shandel D. Richardson, for NBA.com  Posted Thursday December 2, 2010 12:20AM THE FACTS : The Miami Heat defeated the Detroit Pistons 97-72 Wednesday at AmericanAirlines Arena.  LeBron James  scored a game-high 18 points while guard  Dwyane Wade  and forward  Chris Bosh  each had 16. The Heat held the Pistons to 36 percent shooting from the field. After losing three of four, the Heat have now won two straight and improved to 11-8. QUOTABLE : "That was the point about tonight; it was about tonight. Tomorrow, what that's all about for us is about family and taking care of two of our own [James and  Zydrunas Ilgauskas ] and trying to do this collectively."   - Heat coach  Erik Spoelstra , referring to not looking ahead to Thursday's game at Cleveland THE STAT:  The Heat had 23 assists, with four players recording at least four. Guard  Mario Chalmers  had a season-high six assists off the bench and  Carlos Arroyo  added five. TURNING POINT:  Wade missed much of the first half after picking up three fouls, but Miami still was able to build a 12-point halftime lead because of contributions from Chalmers and  Eddie House  off the bench. HOT:  Wade did not take a shot in the first half because of his foul problems, but made seven of his nine shots in the second half. He appears to be past the three-game shooting slump, where he was just 14-of-40. NOT:  The Pistons' starting backcourt of  Rodney Stuckey  and  Richard Hamilton . They combined for 17 points on 4-of-18 shooting. Stuckey came in averaging 17 points. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT : Chris Bosh continued his strong recent play, adding seven rebounds and four assists to his 16 points. He also was 6-of-11 from the field. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Rapper Lil Wayne and Serena Williams. GOOD MOVE:  The Heat obviously had every reason to look ahead to Thursday night's game in Cleveland, but came out focused on the Pistons. James, who will face his former team for first time, said he took a professional approach to Wednesday's game. Heat coach Erik Spoelstra also stressed to the team about not overlooking Detroit. BAD MOVE:  Pistons guard  Tracy McGrady  caused a stir when he said James and Wade looked "terrible" on the court together. The Heat duo refused to fire back when asked about the comments. While their numbers weren't off the chart, they showed signs of improved continuity. NOTABLE : James said Thursday's game against Cleveland will be his first time in the visiting locker room at Quicken Loans Arena since playing as a high school junior at St. Vincent-St. Mary High School. UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Thursday @ Cleveland, Saturday vs. Atlanta, Monday @ Milwaukee. For the Pistons, Friday vs. Orlando, Sunday vs. Cleveland, Tuesday @ Cleveland.  