  Wizards-Rockets notebook   By Matt Miller, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday December 28, 2010 12:23AM THE FACTS:  Led by  Kevin Martin 's 20 points and some stingy fourth-quarter defense, the Houston Rockets extended their season-best win streak to five games with a 100-93 victory over the Washington Wizards on Monday at Toyota Center. Aaron Brooks  helped key the Rockets' comeback from a 10-point deficit, scoring 13 of his 15 points in the final period.  Shane Battier  added 16 points on 6-for-7 shooting and six rebounds for Houston (15-15), which has won eight consecutive home games. Kirk Hinrich  paced Washington's attack with 19 points, while  Andray Blatche  posted his sixth double-double of the season with 17 points and 14 rebounds. QUOTABLE:  "[Our comeback] started with the defensive end, and we all hit big shots. From Kev, me and Shane and  Kyle  [ Lowry ], we made the right decisions. And  Chuck Hayes ' defense was amazing."   -- Brooks on what sparked the Rockets' fourth-quarter comeback THE STAT:  The tempo of the game changed dramatically in the final period, benefiting the run-and-gun Rockets. In the fourth, Houston outscored Washington (7-22) 10-0 on the fast break. TURNING POINT:  The Rockets trailed 84-75 when coach  Rick Adelman  received a technical foul for arguing with officials over what Adelman thought was a charge on rookie  John Wall  with 8:48 remaining. Adelman's aggression sent a message to his team, which responded by finishing the game on a 25-9 run. QUOTABLE II:  "We could never sustain anything [up to that point]. I guess I'll take credit for losing my temper. If that's what it takes, it's worthwhile."   -- Adelman on his technical foul HOT:  Brooks shot 4-for-7 from the field in the fourth quarter, but his four assists and leadership on the fast break were just as crucial to Houston's success. NOT:  The Rockets struggled to find their touch from outside Monday as they shot 6-for-20 from 3-point range. After hitting 10 or more treys in each of the previous three games, Houston has shot 15-for-49 (30.6 percent) from behind the arc over its last two games. ROOKIE WATCH:  Wall delivered an encouraging performance in his second game since returning from a bone bruise in his right knee. In 27-plus minutes of action, he scored 13 points, dished out six assists and grabbed five rebounds. Wall didn't shy away from contact either, using his agility and size to get to the line 13 times. QUOTABLE III:  "We did a terrible job down the stretch and didn't run our offense. When Houston made their run, we tried to force our shots and hit the big home run."   -- Wall on the Wizards' late-game collapse FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Hinrich has averaged 17.8 points on 51 percent shooting over his last four games. Although his fantasy value is limited, desperate owners could consider giving Hinrich an occasional start before Wall re-joins Washington's starting five. GOOD MOVE:  Adelman went with a small lineup of Lowry, Battier, Hayes, Brooks and Martin for most of the fourth quarter. This group's energy and speed jump-started the Rockets' transition game, leading to 13 free-throw attempts and more open looks at the basket. INSIDE THE ARENA:   Elvin Hayes , who began and finished his NBA career with the Rocket franchise, attended Monday's game. Before entering the league, "The Big E" was a standout at the University of Houston, where his number still hangs from the rafters. NOTABLE:  Wizards forward  Hilton Armstrong  was inactive Monday due to a right mid-foot sprain. He is listed as day-to-day. ... Houston last won five straight games in April 2009. ... Washington fell to 0-5 this season on the second night of back-to-back sets. ... The Wizards are now 0-12 on the road and 2-16 overall this season when they allow 100 points or more. ...Martin has scored 20 or more in six consecutive games. ... Monday's attendance of 18,143 marked the Rockets' fourth sellout of the season. UP NEXT:  For the Wizards, Wednesday vs. Indiana, Friday @ Indiana, Saturday vs. New Orleans. For the Rockets, Wednesday vs. Miami, Friday vs. Toronto, Sunday @ Portland (NBA TV).  