Notebook: Spurs 92, Wizards 79 
 
 
 Tim Price, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Thu Nov 14, 2013 12:23 AM - Updated Thu Nov 14, 2013 12:23 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  In their last four games, the San Antonio Spurs have trailed for only 11 seconds. After a two-point victory over Golden State in the first of those four games, the Spurs have won by an average margin of 22 points against the Knicks, 76ers and now the Wizards. 
 
 THE LEAD:   Tony Parker  scored 16 points and  Boris Diaw  came off the bench to add 15 more as the Spurs (8-1) won their sixth straight game, this time in a 92-79 victory over the Washington Wizards on Wednesday at AT&T Center. 
 The Wizards (2-6) were playing without  Trevor Ariza  after a right hamstring strain late in the first half, and  John Wall  did not come back after getting hit in the face when the Spurs'  Jeff Ayers  followed through on a blocked shot late in the third quarter. Washington got 21 points off the bench from  Martell Webster  and 19 from  Bradley Beal , but the Wizards shot 36 percent from the floor compared to San Antonio's clip of almost 51 percent. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We knew we had to stop guys like John Wall and Bradley Beal becauee they had been playing very well. I thought our team did well overall on pick-and-rolls and transition defense. I think this is where we want to be defensively."  
 
 -- Parker 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Spurs defense shut down one of the best young point guards in the league for the second straight game. San Antonio limited Wall to three assists (at a 9.6 average coming in, Wall is third in the league). Wall also finished 5-for-19 from the floor. Just two nights earlier San Antonio held Philadelphia rookie  Michael Carter-Williams  to four assists and a 2-for-11 shooting night. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Wizards had trailed by as many as 19 in the first half, but with 3 ½ minutes to go in the third quarter they were down by three. To close out the quarter, Washington missed 10 straight shots and was outscored 10-0. The Wizards failed to trim the lead to less than double digits the rest of the game. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We worked our butt off to get (the 19-point deficit) down to three. And then we just made dumb mistakes on both ends of the floor. We got away from what got us there."  
 
 -- Beal 
 
 
 HOT:  Parker finished 7-for-9 in 25 minutes. He's gone six straight games shooting 50 percent or better, and he's 47-for-75 over that stretch (63 percent). 
 
 NOT: Tim Duncan  was coming off rest when he was kept out Monday at Philadelphia, but it didn't help any. He played 25 minutes tonight and went 1-for-12. He's 5-for-27 over his last three games. 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Webster broke out of a 5-for-16 shooting slump and only 14 points in the last three games with his 21-point, 10-rebound performance tonight in 35 ½ minutes. 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  The Spurs wore camouflaged uniforms in honor of the heavy military influence in San Antonio (there are four active bases here) in the wake of Veterans Day. The uniforms were to be auctioned after the game with the proceeds going to a charitable cause. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  The Spurs obviously found a way to turn Wall into a shooter rather than one of the league's best distributors. Wall didn't get an assist until almost 21 minutes into the game, and he had nine shots by then. His three assists are a season-low, and he hasn't taken as many as 19 shots since the second game of the season. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Wizards coach  Randy Wittman  had been looking for a way to make his bench more productive. So he vowed rotation changes and made  Jan Vesely  his first player off the bench. Vesely played a season-high 21 minutes (he didn't see his first action of the season until last night's road loss at Dallas with 1:19 of garbage-time action) and hit 2-of-4 baskets for two points. Throw out Webster's 21 points and the Wizards got only nine points from their bench. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Like Vesely,  Glen Rice  saw his first action of the season last night, just a minute of garbage-time play in a 10-point loss at Dallas. But tonight against the Spurs he played almost 13 minutes while missing 3-of-4 shots for two points. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Ariza played only 17 minutes of the first half before his injury and failed to hit a 3-pointer for the first time this season (he had gone 20-for-49 so far this season). It's unclear how much time he'll miss, with Wittman saying the team would know more on Thursday. ... Wall is not expected to miss time after staying on the bench in the fourth quarter following the hit he took from Ayers. ...  Matt Bonner  missed his fifth straight game for San Antonio (right calf tightness). ... The Wizards lost for the 15th consecutive time against the Spurs and the 13th straight defeat in San Antonio. Washington has not won in San Antonio since December 1999 when the Spurs were playing at the Alamodome. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Wizards, Saturday vs. Cleveland, Tuesday vs. Minnesota, Wednesday @ Cleveland. For the Spurs, Friday @ Utah, Wednesday vs. Boston, Nov. 22 @ Memphis. 
