  Notebook: Celtics 86, Cavaliers 83 Posted Wednesday February 29, 2012 12:10AM By Brian Dulik, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Shooting guard  Ray Allen  made a pair of free throws with 2.4 seconds left, allowing the Boston Celtics to escape with an 86-83 victory over the Cleveland Cavaliers. Allen scored 22 points to lead the Celtics, who also got 18 points and eight rebounds from center  Kevin Garnett  in snapping their five-game losing streak. Rookie point guard  Kyrie Irving  scored a game-high 24 points in 27 minutes for the Cavaliers, while rookie power forward  Tristan Thompson  had 13 points and 10 rebounds. Cleveland had a chance to force overtime at the buzzer, but shooting guard  Anthony Parker 's long 3-pointer was just off the mark. QUOTABLE:  "It was a win, that's all it was for us. It was a good way to end the losing streak and start off the second half of the season, but we have to be better than that. That was awful with the turnovers and the sloppy play."   -- Celtics coach  Doc Rivers THE STAT:  There were eight lead changes and 11 ties in the second half -- and neither team held more than a three-point advantage over the final 12:21. Boston had taken a 28-12 lead late in the first quarter, but Cleveland used a 41-23 run to go up 53-51 midway through the third on a Thompson dunk. "We could have opened up the game if we'd have taken care of the basketball in the first half," Garnett said. "We've got to fight through this. This is gonna be a true grind right here -- physically and mentally -- the rest of the way. We have to be into it and just be ready to hoop." TURNING POINT:  The Cavaliers led 81-80 with 52 seconds left when Garnett picked off Irving's cross-court pass and fed a streaking Allen for a dunk. "I wasn't careless," Irving said. "They just anticipated it and stole the ball." On Cleveland's subsequent possession, Irving missed a driving layup, which Garnett corralled and eventually turned into two free throws that gave Boston an 84-81 advantage with 3.9 ticks remaining. "Looking back, there were a couple of other things I could have done there, including pass," Irving said. "But I've made much tougher layups than that." QUOTABLE II:  "That was a tough one to lose. I thought our guys really competed and played hard. I loved the effort, and as I told them after the game, we have to continue to play that hard if not harder."   -- Cavaliers coach  Byron Scott HOT:  Irving scored 19 points in 17 second-half minutes after bruising his right elbow late in the second quarter while taking a charge from Celtics small forward  Paul Pierce . The top overall pick in the NBA Draft had 13 points and was 3-for-3 on 3-pointers in the third quarter. "I thought I had to get my hand amputated when it happened," Irving joked. "There was nothing funny about hitting my funny bone on the floor." ... Thompson recorded his second straight double-double. ... Boston power forward  Brandon Bass  made his first five shots, all on mid-range jumpers. ... Celtics center  Chris Wilcox  had a game-high 11 rebounds off the bench. NOT:  Celtics point guard  Rajon Rondo  had the second-worst shooting performance of his six-year NBA career, going scoreless on 0-for-6 field goals with a game-high 11 assists and five turnovers. He went 0-for-7 in a zero-point performance at Dallas on March 20, 2008. ... Pierce committed six of Boston's 18 turnovers. ... Cavaliers shooting guards Parker and  Daniel Gibson  combined to shoot 1-for-11 from the floor, while power forward  Samardo Samuels  failed to score in 11 minutes off the bench. ... Cleveland small forward  Omri Casspi  lofted a floater that hit the side of the backboard, and later airballed a 3-pointer. QUOTABLE III:  "Kyrie is terrific, I'll tell you. His (ball) handling skills and moxie in the fourth quarter, I don't know if we've ever seen it from a rookie. It's pretty amazing what he's doing."   -- Celtics coach Doc Rivers GOOD MOVE:  With Rondo struggling mightily after dishing out six assists in the opening quarter, Rivers used backup point guard  Avery Bradley  for 10 minutes in the second half. The second-year pro from Texas responded with six points and two assists without making a turnover. "Avery has turned into a real good backup to Rondo," Pierce said. "He's developed a good all-around game." For his part, Rondo accepted all of the blame for Boston's sloppy ballhandling, saying, "I'm the point guard, and it starts with me." BAD MOVE:  Scott opted against committing a quick foul to send the Celtics to the line after Irving's missed layup with 27 seconds left -- despite the Cavaliers only trailing 82-81. Boston ran the shot clock down before Garnett fired up a jumper, then grabbed his own miss and was fouled with 3.9 seconds left, where he extended the lead to 84-81. "You're still down one possession, so really all you're trying to do is get a stop," Scott explained. "I think there was still a 3-4 second differential, so I wasn't thinking about (fouling) at that time." NOTABLE:  The Celtics extended their lead over the Cavaliers to 2 1/2 games in the battle for the eighth and final Eastern Conference playoff spot. "I don't know all the (specifics), but I know there are a bunch of teams within a game or two of us, so we had to get a win tonight," Rondo said. ... Boston avoided its first six-game losing streak since April 2007. ... Cleveland went 4-5 during its franchise-record nine-game homestand. It equaled the third-longest such stay in NBA history. ... Cavaliers shooting guard  Manny Harris  made his season debut, playing six seconds. ... Irving was the MVP of the BBVA Rising Stars Challenge at NBA All-Star weekend, but finished last in the Taco Bell Skills Challenge. UP NEXT:  For the Celtics, Wednesday vs. Milwaukee, Friday vs. New Jersey, Sunday vs. New York. For the Cavaliers, Wednesday @ New York, Friday vs. Chicago, Saturday @ Washington.  