  Notebook: Knicks 100, Kings 85 Posted Wednesday February 15, 2012 10:49PM By Adam Zagoria, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The Knicks didn't need any late-game Linsanity on this night. In fact, they didn't need  Jeremy Lin  in the fourth quarter at all. One night after Lin hit the game-winning 3-pointer with 0.5 seconds left against Toronto, he notched a double-double in less than three quarters as the Knicks won the seventh straight game of the Lin Era, 100-85, over the Sacramento Kings . Lin finished with 10 points, 13 assists and five turnovers despite leaving late in the third. He had six turnovers but he also assisted on several dunks to  Tyson Chandler  and  Landry Fields  and continued to play the pick-and-roll game well. Fields finished with his own double-double of 15 points and 10 rebounds,  Bill Walker  added 14 points and  Amar'e Stoudemire , playing his first game after a weeklong absence to mourn the death of his brother, added 11 points and five rebounds. The Kings lost their third straight and fourth in five games. QUOTABLE:  "[I'm] really happy with 10 points and 13 assists. That's great on a night like this, that's great. Next game Jeremy could have 30 points. Whatever we need him to do, I think he can do."   --  Knicks head coach  Mike D'Antoni . THE STAT:  The Knicks reached the .500 mark for the first time since Jan. 14 when they lost at Oklahoma City to fall to 6-6. Now they are 15-15. TURNING POINT:  The Knicks seized control of the game right away as they raced out to a 17-7 lead thanks largely to Lin's running of the pick and roll and Sacramento's inability to defend it. Lin had five points and six assists after one period when the Knicks led, 25-17. By halftime, when the Knicks led 54-36, Lin had amassed six points, nine assists and just one turnover. QUOTABLE II:  "It was good to get some rest. I think we all needed it, so we were thankful we played less minutes tonight."   --  Lin. WHO'S HOT: Jared Jeffries  is back on the bench with the return of Stoudemire, but he continues to flourish playing with Lin. Jeffries had 10 points and nine rebounds for his third double-digit scoring game in his last six outings. WHO'S NOT:  One night after going 1-for-8 for three points in a loss at Chicago, Kings shooting guard  John Salmons  went 1-for-5 for two points. QUOTABLE III:  "I want to be the same person before and after. I don't want anything to affect me or this team."   --  Lin. NOTABLE:  When he was at Golden State last year, current Kings coach  Keith Smart  was one of many coaches -- college and pro -- who passed on Lin. The Warriors sent him to the D-League several times before waiving him Dec. 9. "Everyone said, 'Well, you should've played him more,'" Smart said. "Well, you had  Monta Ellis , a top five NBA scorer,  Stephen Curry , a runner-up for Rookie of the Year. You had  Acie Law  and  Reggie Williams  and you had a young, undrafted guy who didn't know how to play in the NBA yet." Smart said there was no way to see Linsanity coming. "Now let's say, Jeremy Lin is available now," he added, "you would have everyone knocking on the door." NOTABLE II:  Lin was asked his reaction to reports that  President Obama  watched the 3-pointer against Toronto and has been following the story. "Very honored, very humbled. Wow, it's the President. Nothing better than that." INSIDE THE ARENA:  Even  Al Gore, Mike Tyson, Gerry Cooney  and  Mary J. Blige  are feeling the Linsanity. They sat courtside. UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Friday vs. Hornets, Sunday vs. Mavericks, Monday vs. Nets. For the Kings, Friday @ Detroit, Sunday @ Cleveland, Tuesday @ Miami.  