Notebook: Spurs 110, Magic 89 
 
 
 Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Nov 28, 2012 11:13 PM - Updated Wed Nov 28, 2012 11:13 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:  Manu Ginobili  came off the bench firing and scored a game-high 20 points to lead the San Antonio Spurs to their fifth straight victory, 110-89, over the Orlando Magic. 
 Ginobili made four straight 3-point shots to put the Spurs ahead to stay late in the first quarter, and  Tim Duncan  (15 points, five blocks ) nailed a 3-pointer at the halftime buzzer to stretch San Antonio's lead to 14. 
 
 Arron Afflalo  led the Magic with 16 points, but they never threatened in the second half and the Spurs improved their NBA-best road record to 10-1. 
 
 THE STAT:  The Magic did not attempt a free throw until 4:32 remained in the third quarter, and they shot 5-for-8 for the game. For the second time this season, no Magic starter attempted a free throw. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I mentioned at halftime that we had zero free throw attempts in the first half. I think that's a sign of them being more aggressive than us and attacking the rim. It's pretty simple -- they were more aggressive than us tonight."
  -- Magic coach  Jacque Vaughn . 
 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Orlando had a 14-10 lead when Tony Parker got fouled on a layup with 4:59 let in the first quarter. Parker's three-point play opened a 19-4 Spurs run and they led for the rest of the game. 
 
 HOT:  Ginobili, a 28 percent shooter from 3-point range in his first 13 games, made 6-of-9. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I wasn't coming off any good performances, shooting-wise. Today they went in. Hopefully the bad streak has turned." 
 
 -- Ginobili. 
 
 
 NOT:  The Magic shot 2-for-15 from behind the arc, but their real problem was at the foul line where they barely shot at all. 
 
 ROAD WARRIORS:  The Spurs will play their 10th road game in 22 days at Miami tonight. After losing the first of those 10, they have won eight straight. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "I think they do deserve credit for keeping their focus all that time. ... It's the sign of a pretty experienced team and a team that's pretty focused."
 -- Spurs coach  Gregg Popovich . 
 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  One of only six NBA players to average 15-plus points and 5-plus assists while shooting at least 49 percent over his career, Parker had 14 points (on 6-for-12 shooting) and eight assists. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH: Maurice Harkless  produced four points and four rebounds in his fourth start for Orlando . . . Spurs rookie  Nando De Colo  played almost 16 minutes, recording four points and two steals. 
 
 NOTABLE:  No team in NBA history has attempted fewer than 18 free throws per game over the course of an entire season. After 14 games, the Magic average only 16.7 per game. ... Their big lead in Orlando enabled the Spurs to rest Duncan and Parker for the entire fourth quarter. ... The Spurs have won five of their last six against the Magic. ... The Magic have lost three home games by double digits this month. The last time they did that was March of 2004 when they lost five on their way to posting the NBA's worst record. 
 
 UP NEXT:    For the Spurs: Thursday @ Miami, Saturday vs. Memphis, Wednesday vs. Milwaukee. For the Magic: Friday vs. Brooklyn, Sunday @ L.A. Lakers, Monday @ Golden State. 
