Notebook: Raptors 116, Bucks 94 
 
 
 Scott Campsall, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Mon Jan 13, 2014 10:57 PM - Updated Mon Jan 13, 2014 10:57 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Raptors have now held opponents under 45 percent shooting and 100 points in eight of their last 10 contests. They are 8-2 during that stretch.  
 
 THE LEAD:   Kyle Lowry  led a well balanced scoring attack for the Toronto Raptors (19-17) that saw five different players score in double figures as they defeated the lowly Milwaukee Bucks (7-30) 116-94 on Monday night at the Air Canada Centre.  
 
 DeMar DeRozan  was stellar for the Raptors once again. He made eight of his nineteen shots, scoring 19 points and had seven assists, his sixth straight game with four or more dimes.  
 
 Ersan Illyasova  led the way for the Bucks with 29 points and nine rebounds, while  Brandon Knight  added 16 points and four assists.  
 This was a tight game for all of eight minutes before the Raptors turned up the heat and blew away the Bucks with a 19-5 run to end the first quarter.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "It takes a lot of pressure off of me because I don't have to make every pass. Those guys are getting a lot of attention, especially DeMar [DeRozan]. J ohn [Salmons]  makes great passes and DeMar is just getting better every single night at making the correct pass. You also have to give it to the other guys who were making shots." 
 -- Lowry on the play of his teammates. 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Raptors shot 12-of-23 (52 percent) from 3-point territory. This was the third straight game in which the Raptors have made at least 11 3-pointers.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Raptors put this one away early. With the game tied at 19 with four minutes remaining in the first quarter, Toronto went on a 19-5 run, giving the Raptors a 12-point lead after the first frame.  
 The Bucks would scrap their way back into the game, but would never get closer than within six points. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We don't have a right, yet, to look over anyone in this league. It's a tough league; we're still building, still getting there so our guys can't have that in our thought process." 
 -- Raptors head coach  Dwane Casey 
 
 
 HOT:  The Raptors bench outscored the Bucks bench 43-30 and was plus 24 on the night. Salmons and  Patrick Patterson  combined to score 28 of those 43 points.  
 
 NOT:  Bucks forward  Khris Middleton  shot just 1-of-8, scoring two points in 34 minutes.  
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Lowry's inspired play of late has been a big reason why the Raptors find themselves in third place in the Eastern Conference. Lowry is averaging 15.8 points, 8.2 assists and 4.5 rebounds in six games in January prior to Monday's game. Lowry's 23-point performance against Milwaukee came on just eight shots.  
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Raptors coach Casey has become increasingly reliant on big man  Patrick Patterson  as his sixth man off of the bench. Patterson responded once again with 16 points and three rebounds in 20 minutes of actions. Heading into Monday's game, Patterson is averaging 9 points and 4.6 rebounds while shooting 49 percent from the floor and 50 percent from beyond the 3-point line in 15 games with Toronto.  
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Bucks swingman  Giannis Antetokounmpo  scored 11 points, grabbed seven rebounds and had four assists in 33 minutes of action.  
 
 NOTABLE:  New prized Toronto FC additions  Michael Bradley  and  Jermaine Defoe  took in the game courtside...Raptors forward  Tyler Hansbrough  sat out his sixth straight game with a left ankle sprain... 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Raptors, Wednesday @ Boston, Friday vs. Minnesota and Sunday vs. Lakers. For the Bucks, Wednesday vs. Memphis, Saturday @ Houston and Sunday @ San Antonio  
