  Notebook: Nuggets 101, Rockets 86 Posted Sunday April 15, 2012 11:39PM By Michael Kelly, for NBA.com THE FACTS: Arron Afflalo  and  Ty Lawson  scored 20 points each,  Corey Brewer  had 14 off the bench and the Denver Nuggets moved closer to a spot in the postseason with a 101-86 win over the Houston Rockets on Sunday.. Andre Miller  had 11 assists off the bench for the Nuggets, who took a one-game lead on the Rockets for the seventh spot in the Western Conference. Denver also moved to within a half-game of sixth-place Dallas. Luis Scola  and  Chase Budinger  had 19 points each for the Rockets, who get a chance at revenge when the teams play in Houston on Monday night. QUOTABLE:  "I didn't think we played that well as a team in the first half. We had a lot of turnovers, the game was kind of ugly. Despite that, we were only down six points. Once we started fast breaking, defending better, we were able to open the game at that point."   --  Afflalo, on Denver's second half. THE STAT:  The Nuggets shot 54 percent and held Houston to 32 percent in the second half. TURNING POINT:  With Denver up by three early in the third quarter, Houston's  Courtney Lee  appeared headed for an easy fast-break layup. Nuggets forward  Kenneth Faried  never gave up on the play and was rewarded when he blocked Lee's shot. Seconds later, Afflalo hit a 3-pointer to push the lead to 59-53. QUOTABLE II:  "Second half we missed a ton of shots and they ran after it. They got into us and played better. In the second half they dominated the game."   --  Rockets head coach  Kevin McHale . HOT:  Budinger had another good shooting night in Denver. The Houston reserve was 5-for-10 on 3-pointers and his hot hand helped the Rockets take a 49-43 lead at the break. QUOTABLE II:  "I like playing in this arena. Their defense likes to rotate, which always left me wide open in the corners. I was able to knock them down tonight."   --  Budinger. NOT:  Nuggets forward  Wilson Chandler  struggled in his first game after missing seven with a left hip strain. He missed his only two shots and played just seven minutes. Denver head coach  George Karl  didn't push him, and fortunately for the Nuggets they didn't need Chandler in this one. GOOD MOVE:  Miller scored only six points but was responsible for one of the most exciting plays in the game. After Afflalo saved a ball to Miller, the guard flung a three-quarter court pass to Brewer for an alley-oop dunk and an 82-68 lead a minute into the fourth quarter. QUOTABLE IV:  "He's the best. If you run Andre's going to get you the ball in the perfect position. All you have to do is go up and dunk. Just like a wide receiver, you just run out there and lay it up."   --  Brewer, on Miller's knack for delivering an alley-oop. BAD MOVE:  The Rockets'  Marcus Camby  left the game in the first quarter with a sore back and didn't return. Without his inside presence the Nuggets drove the lane without fear of the former Defensive Player of the Year erasing points. ROOKIE WATCH:  Faried continues to do the little things that make him an asset on the court. He had 10 points and 11 rebounds for his 10th double-double of the season. He also changed shots and kept balls alive with his quick leaping ability and energy. NOTABLE:  The Nuggets have won a season-high five straight home games. ... Scola and Budinger combined to shoot 52 percent while the rest of the Rockets shot 29 percent. ... The Nuggets outscored Houston 60-26 in points in the paint. UP NEXT:  For the Rockets, Monday vs. Denver, Wednesday @ Dallas, Thursday @ New Orleans. For the Nuggets, Monday @ Houston, Wednesday vs. L.A. Clippers, Saturday @ Phoenix.  