Notebook: Kings 116, Clippers 101 
 
 
 James Ham, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Mar 20, 2013 1:39 AM - Updated Wed Mar 20, 2013 1:39 AM 
 
 THE FACTS:  The Sacramento Kings shocked the Los Angeles Clippers on Tuesday at Sleep Train Arena, beating the Pacific Division leaders 116-101. 
 
 Marcus Thornton  led the way for Sacramento, scoring 25 points on 7-for-14 shooting.  DeMarcus Cousins  returned to the lineup after missing the previous two games with a left thigh contusion.  While he struggled with foul trouble, the Clippers had no answer for him on the offensive end where he finished with 17 points and 11 rebounds in 28 minutes of action.  Toney Douglas  provided late-game heroics, scoring 19 points and handing out a team-high seven assists off the Kings bench.   
 
 Jamal Crawford  was unstoppable for the Clippers, scoring 25 points on 7-for-12 shooting from the field and 5-for-8 from long range.  When Crawford wasn't hitting from the outside,  Blake Griffin  was finding new ways to score on the Kings, finishing with a game-high 26 points, but only five rebounds in the loss. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "It felt good.  It would have been just as good if somebody else would have hit them, as long as we win.  If we win, I'm happy.  
 
 -- Douglas on his big fourth quarter 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Kings used the 3-ball from start to finish with incredible results, hitting 14-for-28 from deep overall and 5-for-8 in the deciding fourth quarter. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  With the game tied up at 86-86 in the fourth,  Lamar Odom  picked up a technical foul for jawing at the official.  Thornton hit the freebie and the Kings finished the game on a 30-to-15 run. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I know people don't like to see it, but at the same time, y'all got to realize that we're human as well and we have emotions as well.  So sometimes things are said.  Maybe they shouldn't be said, but at the same time, we're just as human as the next person."   
 
 -- Cousins on the verbal exchanges that were going on between players and fans late in the game 
 
 
 HOT:  Douglas lit the world on fire in the fourth, scoring 17 of his 19 points down the stretch, including three huge 3-pointers that iced the game. 
 
 NOT: Vinnie Del Negro  gave Odom every opportunity to miss shots Tuesday.  The veteran forward scored just two points on 1-for-9 shooting and picked up a costly technical foul in the fourth.  
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Sacramento coach  Keith Smart stuck  with Douglas down the stretch and the fourth-year guard led the Kings to victory. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Smart sent  Jimmer Fredette  into the game to guard Crawford in the second quarter.  The results were not favorable for the Kings.  Crawford scored 14 points on 4-for-6 shooting in the quarter. 
 
 NOTABLE: Chauncey Billups  suffered a right groin strain in the first quarter and did not return.  Jason Thompson  knocked heads with  DeAndre Jordan  in the third quarter.  Thompson returned to the bench, but sat out the remainder of the game with five stitches above his right eye. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Wednesday vs. Philadelphia, Saturday vs. Brooklyn, Tuesday @ Dallas. For the Kings, Thursday vs. Minnesota, Saturday @ Denver, Sunday vs. Philadelphia. 
