  Jazz-Rockets notebook   By Matt Miller, for NBA.com Posted Sunday January 9, 2011 1:12AM THE FACTS:  The Utah Jazz overcame a 15-point deficit for the seventh time this season to beat the Houston Rockets 103-99 in overtime Saturday at Toyota Center. Paul Millsap  paced Utah's attack with 27 points and 10 rebounds, recording his ninth double-double of the season.  Al Jefferson  added a double-double of his own, putting up 24 points to go with 13 rebounds. Utah (25-13) trailed by 16 in the second quarter and 14 at halftime, but Millsap came alive down the stretch and scored 23 of the Jazz's last 30 points to help Utah halt a two-game skid. Luis Scola  led Houston (16-21), which has lost five consecutive games, with 24 points and 10 rebounds to post his first double-double since Dec. 14. QUOTABLE:  "They had to sink down on 'Big Al' [Jefferson] and left me open on the perimeter, so I just had to knock down shots. ... I didn't feel as though I could miss."   -- Millsap on his late-game offensive explosion THE STAT:  The Rockets have been outscored 65-36 in the third quarter of their last two games. The Jazz won the third period of Saturday's game 26-15. TURNING POINT:  The Jazz trailed 84-75 with 4:33 remaining in the fourth quarter, but they closed regulation on a 14-5 run to send the game into overtime. Utah turned into a one-man show on offense in the late stages of the fourth and overtime, with Millsap taking control of the game by nailing several key jumpers created off the pick-and-roll with point guard  Deron Williams . QUOTABLE II:  "I think once [the Jazz] started to score some easy baskets and we started to miss some shots, suddenly our energy level dropped. It's a noticeable drop, and then we start to look at the refs to bail us out, and it's a cycle that leads to bad basketball. There was some bad basketball in the fourth quarter by our part."   -- Houston forward  Shane Battier HOT:  The Rockets' frontcourt had no answer for Jefferson in the third quarter, as he dominated in the paint en route to 14 points on 6-for-8 shooting. NOT:  Including Saturday's 1-for-13 performance, Houston point guard  Kyle Lowry  has connected on just 20 of 70 shot attempts (28.6 percent) over his last nine games. GOOD MOVE:  The Jazz exploited the Rockets' weak interior defense in the third quarter, running their offense through Jefferson for most of the period. Williams also became more aggressive after halftime, pushing the tempo and slicing through the middle of the lane to create great looks at the basket for his teammates. BAD MOVE:  Houston appeared dumbfounded by Utah's pick-and-roll in the fourth quarter and overtime, allowing Millsap to repeatedly linger away from the basket for several wide-open jumpers. Millsap scored 12 points on 6-for-6 shooting in the extra session to guide the Jazz to its fifth road victory in its last seven games away from home. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Williams has hit a shooting slump over his last two games, draining only nine of 29 attempts (31 percent). Williams made up for his poor shooting in Saturday's contest with 15 assists, so fantasy owners are nowhere near needing to search for other options at this point. ROOKIE WATCH:  Houston's  Ishmael Smith  scored six points on 3-for-4 shooting, grabbed two rebounds and recorded one steal in 10-plus minutes of action. NOTABLE:  Rockets point guard  Aaron Brooks  missed his third consecutive game to rest a reaggravated left ankle sprain. ... Houston hasn't beaten a team with a winning record since defeating the Lakers on Dec. 1 at Toyota Center. ... Houston fell to 1-11 this season when it does not hit more 3-pointers than its opponent. ... The Jazz improved to 18-1 when they score at least 100. ... Utah is now 8-2 in games decided by six points or less. UP NEXT:  For the Jazz, Wednesday vs. New York, Friday vs. Cleveland, Jan. 17 @ Washington. For the Rockets, Monday @ Boston (NBA TV), Wednesday vs. Oklahoma City (NBA TV), Friday vs. New Orleans.  