
 Blazers-Bulls notebook   By Kent McDill, for NBA.com Posted Monday November 1, 2010 11:56PM THE FACTS:   Luol Deng  had a career-high 40 points and the Bulls recorded a 110-98 victory over the visiting Portland Trail Blazers in a tension-free game Monday. The Bulls opened an 11-point lead in the first quarter and Portland never got closer than seven the rest of the game. In their third consecutive road game, Portland lost for the first time this season. QUOTABLE:  "Everything goes through Derrick, but (Deng) had a lot of open shots and knocked them down.''  --  Joakim Noah THE STAT:  After scoring a career high 39 points on 31 shots on Saturday,  Derrick Rose  was just six for 11 Monday for 16 points, but he had 13 assists, tying his career high in that category. TURNING POINT:  Deng made his first attempt with 8:35 left in the first quarter then went on to go six-for-seven in the quarter, adding four free throws for 16 points. HOT:  Deng has been often criticized for having very good halves but never having complete games, but he never stopped scoring Monday. He finished 14 for 19 from the field, nine for 11 from the free throw line, and had three 3-pointers. NOT:   Brandon Roy  and  Rudy Fernandez  combined to go seven for 22, and Fernandez missed all six of his 3-pointers as the Blazers went 0-for-14 from long range. GOOD MOVE:  For the second straight game, Bulls coach  Tom Thibodeau  used rookie center  Omer Asik  of Turkey for extended minutes. Asik had seven rebounds and six points in 26 minutes before fouling out. He played more minutes than starting forward Taj Gibson. QUOTABLE II:  "There is no excuse for letting a team shoot 60 percent like that.''   --  Portland coach  Nate McMillan  after the Bulls went 43 for 71 against his team Monday ROOKIE WATCH:  In 12 minutes,  Armon Johnson  from Nevada-Reno scored 10 points, although he could have had more if he had not missed four of six free throw attempts. NOTABLE:  Noah had his third double-double with 10 points and 10 rebounds.  LaMarcus Aldridge  had 33 points in a losing cause. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Thursday vs. New York, Friday vs. Boston, Monday vs. Denver. For the Blazers, Tuesday at Milwaukee, Thursday vs. Oklahoma City, Saturday vs. Toronto. 
