
 Blazers-Knicks notebook   By Adam Zagoria, for NBA.com Posted Saturday October 30, 2010 11:20PM THE FACTS:   Brandon Roy  scored 29 points, LaMarcus Aldridge added 20 and the unbeaten Portland Trail Blazers rallied to spoil the New York Knicks' home opener Saturday night with a 100-95 victory. QUOTABLE : "Went off his leg. It's a good thing for instant replay, right? Thank God for that." --  Marcus Camby on knocking the ball out of Amar'e Stoudemire's hands as Stoudemire drove for a potential game-tying shot in the final seconds. Officials initially awarded possession to the Knicks, but then overturned the call and Portland was awarded possession THE STAT:  The Knicks hurt themselves by shooting just 14 of 25 from the foul line.  Ronny Turiaf  was 2 of 6, missing two key free throws in the fourth quarter that could have extended New York's lead to 11 points. TURNING POINT:  After the Knicks used a 13-4 run to take a 92-83 fourth-quarter lead, Portland answered outscored the Knicks 17-3 the rest of the way, including a 9-0 run to tie the game. New York managed just one field goal in the final 5:31. QUOTABLE II:  "We just didn't score. We were up nine. They made some nice shots. Some things went against us and we just didn't put the ball in the hole."  -- Knicks Coach Mike D'Antoni HOT:   Wilson Chandler  continued to give the Knicks a huge spark off the bench and make an early statement for Sixth Man of the Year honors. He scored 22 points, including 11 straight in the first half, and grabbed a game-high 16 rebounds. Chandler came in averaging 20.5 points a game. NOT:  Knicks forward  Danilo Gallinari , looking frustrated and befuddled, shot 1 for 6 in the first nine and a half minutes of the game and finished with just four points on 2 of 9 shooting. He has been bothered by a sore right wrist. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Famous faces were all around MSG for the Knicks' home opener:  Spike Lee, Woody Allen, Michael J. Fox, Tracy Morgan  and  Russell Simmons. GOOD MOVE:  Portland coach  Nate McMillan  put Camby on Stoudemire down the stretch and Camby came up with a huge play, knocking the ball off Stoudemire as he drove for a potential game-tying basket in the final seconds. ROOKIE WATCH:  Knicks rookie Landry Fields started his third straight game at shooting guard and was efficient and effective, scoring 11 points on 3 of 6 shooting and grabbing eight rebounds. NOTABLE:  The Knicks are now 33-32 in home openers. UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Tuesday vs. Orlando, Thursday @ Chicago, Friday vs. Washington. For the Blazers, Monday @ Chicago, Tuesday @ Milwaukee, Thursday vs. Oklahoma City. 
