  Notebook: Thunder 103, Nuggets 90 Posted Friday March 16, 2012 1:00AM By Michael Kelly, for NBA.com THE FACTS: Kevin Durant  scored 24 points,  Russell Westbrook  had 23 and the Oklahoma City Thunder used a strong second half to beat the Denver Nuggets 103-90 on Thursday night. James Harden  had 18 points off the bench for the Thunder, who outscored Denver 28-14 in the third quarter. Andre Miller  had 17 points and  Danilo Gallinari  added 15 points for the Nuggets, who fell to 3-3 on their current nine-game homestand. QUOTABLE:  "We wanted to establish ourselves in the post to start the second half. We got a few defensive three-second calls and  Serge (Ibaka)  did a great job for us establishing himself in that third quarter and the defense was very good."    -- Durant, on the Thunder's third quarter. THE STAT:  The Thunder blocked nine shots and now are averaging 10.5 blocks in two games against the Nuggets this season. TURNING POINT:  The Thunder came out aggressive the third quarter and the Nuggets didn't. Durant led the way with nine points, all in an early surge that turned a one-point halftime deficit into a 68-57 lead with 4:08 left in the period. Denver got no closer than eight the rest of the way. QUOTABLE II:  "Early in the quarter we took too many jumpers and didn't make any of them. Our offense was very inefficient and ineffective and they're such a solid offense team I don't think you can give them a bad quarter."    -- Nuggets coach  George Karl . HOT:  Durant and Westbrook didn't hang a combined 91 on the Nuggets like they did in Oklahoma City on Feb. 19, but they did have stretches where they inflicted damage. When they weren't hitting, Harden came through by going 4-for-6 from 3-point range. QUOTABLE III:  "We had a stretch of that game in the first half where we turned it over and took bad shots. It gave them a chance to come back and take the lead at half. The second half we did a much better job -- five turnovers and not a lot of points off those five. We had a lot of good shots."   -- Thunder coach  Scott Brooks . NOT:  The Nuggets offense in the third quarter. They didn't score for the first 2:22 of the period and managed just 14 points. They settled for jumpers instead of attacking the paint, and when they missed the Thunder turned that into points. INSIDE THE ARENA:  The Nuggets traded center  Nene  to the Washington Wizards for center  JaVale McGee  and forward  Ronny Turiaf . The trade was completed during the game. GOOD MOVE:  The Thunder challenged everything the Nuggets threw up in the lane. While Denver did manage 52 points in the paint Oklahoma City's ability to block shots and interior defense pushed the Nuggets' shooters to the outside. BAD MOVE:  The players said the trade didn't have an impact on the game but the lateness of the deal that sent Nene packing seemed to put the team in a funk. QUOTABLE IV:  "We are paid a lot of money to focus on our job and play game by game without thinking about nothing else. Losing Nene is tough. Everybody knows how important Nene was for us, but this is the NBA. It's a business."    -- Gallinari. ROOKIE WATCH:   Kenneth Faried 's play over the last month is one reason the Nuggets traded Nene. He didn't have a great shooting night, scoring just eight points, but he had nine rebounds and was high energy while on the court. NOTABLE:  Nuggets forward  Al Harrington  went to the locker room midway through the fourth with a left knee contusion. He is considered day-to-day. ... Up by 16 in the fourth, Westbrook drew some derisive boos when he was called for stepping out of bounds and still went downcourt and dunked long after the whistle had blown. UP NEXT:  For the Thunder, Friday vs. San Antonio, Sunday vs. Portland, Tuesday @ Utah. For the Nuggets, Saturday vs. Boston, Monday vs. Dallas, Wednesday vs. Detroit.  