Notebook: Bulls 99, Magic 93 
 
 
 Kent McDill, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Nov 06, 2012 11:21 PM - Updated Tue Nov 06, 2012 11:38 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:  The Chicago Bulls waited until the fourth quarter to exert their authority and pulled out a 99-93 victory over the visiting Orlando Magic.  Luol Deng  finished with 23 points and  Joakim Noah  had 20 points, nine rebounds, five blocked shots and four assists for the Bulls.  Arron Afflalo  had 28 points for the Magic, who lost for the first time this season.    
 
 THE FACTS II:  The Bulls scored the first six points of the fourth quarter to open a four-point lead and eventually built the advantage to 10 points with 2:35 remaining.  
 
 QUOTABLE I:  "I think we wanted it more. Coach said to do whatever it takes to get the win." 
 -- Bulls guard  Nate Robinson 
 
 
 THE STAT:  With the game on the line, the Bulls shot 57 percent in the fourth quarter (12-for-21). The Magic went 9-for-24 (37.5 percent) over the same 12 minutes.  
 
 THE STAT II:  Noah, who repaired an injured ankle over the summer, played almost 41 minutes for the Bulls.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  With the Bulls leading 84-79, Orlando's  J.J. Redick  missed an open 3-pointer. Teammate  Glen Davis  got the offensive rebound and got the ball back out to Redick, who missed another open 3. The Bulls scored seven of the next 10 points. 
 
 INJURY UPDATE:  Robinson reported that he had a slight twinge in his groin but that he would be all right. Orlando's  Jameer Nelson  did not play for the second game with a strained hamstring and groin.   
 
 HOT:  After getting his 20 points and nine rebounds, Noah is the Bulls' top scorer at 16 points per game, the top rebounder at 8.8 and tied with  Kirk Hinrich  for the team lead in steals with eight. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  With the game tight in the fourth quarter, Bulls coach  Tom Thibodeau  played his "defensive'' lineup and forward  Taj Gibson  and  Jimmy Butler  came up with big shots down the stretch. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "The guys we had in, Taj and Jimmy, gave us a big lift. Their shooters were putting a lot of pressure on us. We decided to change our defense up a little bit." 
 -- Bulls coach Tom Thibodeau   
 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  Before the game, the Bulls held a tribute to  Jim Durham , who died Monday at the age of 65. Durham was part of the Bulls' broadcast team for 18 years, the last being 1990-91, when the Bulls won their first title. Durham went on to work for NBA broadcast partners for 17 years. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Orlando's  DeQuan Jones  played almost 12 minutes as a starter and got two points and two rebounds.   
 
 NOTABLE:  Bob Rosenberg , the Bulls' official scorer, worked his 2,000th career game Tuesday... the Bulls have not lost back-to-back home games in the two-plus seasons Tom Thibodeau has been coach.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Thursday vs. Oklahoma City, Saturday vs. Minnesota, Monday vs. Boston. For the Magic, Wednesday @ Minnesota, Friday vs. Brooklyn, Sunday @ Brooklyn. 
