  Notebook: Suns 98, Grizzlies 91 Posted Sunday March 11, 2012 12:21AM By Mike Tulumello, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The Phoenix Suns are starting to look like a playoff team. In arguably their most impressive win of the season, the Suns whipped the visiting Memphis Grizzlies, 98-91, Saturday night in Phoenix. The Suns (19-21), winners of seven of their past nine, have pulled within two games of .500 for the firs time since they were 4-6 on Jan. 12. On Saturday, they beat one of the NBA's hottest teams; the Grizzlies (23-16) had won nine of 10. In addition, the Grizzlies had been resting and waiting in Phoenix since late Wednesday night, after a win at Golden State. The Suns got 19 points and seven rebounds from off guard  Jared Dudley  and 15 assists from  Steve Nash . They also got a big boost off the bench from  Robin Lopez  (11 points, seven boards), who is starting to play a bit like he did two seasons ago, when he helped the Suns on a surprise run to the Western Conference Finals. The Grizzlies got 21 points, eight boards and five assists from  Marc Gasol  and 19 points from  Rudy Gay . But Gay, guarded by  Grant Hill , shot just 7-for-20. QUOTABLE:  "That felt good. We beat a really good team that is probably playing as well as anyone in the league. We did a good job on Gasol ... who is as smart as any player in the league.  Marcin (Gortat)  did a good job on him. Robin did a great job on him."    -- Suns coach  Alvin Gentry . THE STAT:  The Suns have won five straight home games. In all of them, they trailed by 10-plus points. No NBA team has done this since 1998. TURNING POINT:  The Suns trailed 46-35 midway through the second quarter. But they went on a 16-2 run, much of it fueled by their starters as they re-entered the game. They ended up with a 53-51 halftime lead. QUOTABLE II:  "He's become a different player. Other players have to retire when they start to lose their scoring ability. But he knows how to play without the ball. He tries to guard and to rebound ... I admire him."    -- Grizzlies coach  Lionel Hollins  on the Suns Hill. INSIDE THE ARENA:  The Suns celebrated Polish Heritage Night, with the festivities organized in part by Suns' center Gortat, (aka "The Polish Hammer"). The Suns did the same thing last year, though it was done quickly and without the planning that went into Saturday night's event, Gortat said. "We had a lot of guests ... a lot of famous Polish people ... It's amazing we are so far from home, and we can still get together." GOOD MOVE:  Playing  Hakim Warrick  over the slump-ridden  Markieff Morris  as the backup at power forward behind  Channing Frye  in the second half. Warrick's energy and ability to get to the free-throw line helped get the Suns over the top. BAD MOVE:  Playing Morris in the first half. After another ineffective outing (0-for-3, two fouls), Morris now is 4-for-29 (13 percent) and is averaging 1.7 points over his last seven games. NOTABLE:  The Suns starting five of guards Nash and Dudley, forwards Hill and Frye and center Gortat had a plus-minus of plus 155 points heading into the game. That's the best among any group of five in the NBA. No other group in the Western Conference has a plus-100. That the Suns are still struggling to get to .500 speaks to the inconsistency of the Suns' reserves (though the Suns are 12-8 since returning to this starting lineup on Jan. 28. The Suns are getting bench production lately from  Sebastian Telfair  in relief of Nash,  Shannon Brown  (who gives them scoring) and Lopez (defense). But Morris continues to struggle and  Michael Redd  seems more suited to starting rather than playing in short bursts off the bench. UP NEXT:  For the Grizzlies, Sunday @ Denver, Tuesday vs. Lakers and Friday vs. Raptors. For the Suns, Monday vs. Timberwolves, Wednesday vs. Jazz and Thursday at Los Angeles Clippers.  