Notebook: Magic 83, Bulls 82 
 
 
 Kent McDill, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Mon Dec 16, 2013 11:47 PM - Updated Mon Dec 16, 2013 11:51 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Bulls, one of the most dominant home teams in the first three years with  Tom Thibodeau  as coach, are just 6-5 at the United Center this season. 
 
 THE LEAD: Arron Afflalo  scored 23 points with eight rebounds to lead the Orlando Magic to an 83-82 victory over the host Chicago Bulls Monday night.  Glen Davis  and  Jameer Nelson  each added 14 points for the Magic (8-17). The Bulls (9-14) were led by  Luol Deng  with a game-high 26 points.      
 The Magic led by 17 points midway through the third quarter, but the Bulls slowly battled their way back. They could have tied  the game in the final seconds if Deng had not missed an uncontested back-cut layup off a beautiful bounce pass from center  Joakim Noah  with 1.7 seconds remaining.  
 
 QUOTABLE:   "We are a healthy team now with good chemistry and shooting the ball well. We want to get home now and get on a run."  
 -- Arron Afflalo  
 
 
 THE STAT:  With 11 rebounds each from Davis and  Nikola Vucevic , the Magic outrebounded the Bulls 54-45. The Magic had 35 rebounds at halftime.   
 
 TURNING POINT:  After the Bulls scored the first six points of the game, the Magic scored the next 15 and dominated the game until the final minutes.    
 
 HOT:  Afflalo was 8-for-14 shooting from the floor but really took over in the second half, getting 14 of his 23 points. He and Vucevic were the only two Magic players to shoot 50 percent or better.   
 
 NOT:  Jimmy Butler finished 1-for-11 from the field, while  Carlos Boozer  was 3-for-10. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We are missing a lot of layups right now as a team, and that is on me.''  
 -- Bulls coach Tom Thibodeau 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Letting Davis play despite concern over his shoulder, which he injured last season, worked out for the Magic. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  The Bulls may have second thoughts about waiving  Mike James  after  Marquis Teague  (0-for-3, no other stats in the stat sheet in 11 minutes) played so poorly as  Kirk Hinrich 's replacement as starting point guard.  D.J. Augustin  finished with 14 points and eight assists in 37 minutes and is likely to replace Teague as the starting point guard if Hinrich misses another game. Because the Bulls signed free agent point guard Augustin last week to be the third point guard behind Hinrich and Teague, the Bulls felt they could waive veteran James, who at one point had beaten out Teague for the backup point guard job behind Hinrich.  
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Magic starting guard  Victor Oladipo  scored eight points in 33 minutes on 3-for-12 shooting but added five assists.   
 
 NOTABLE:  After playing eight of their last nine games on the road, the Magic get to play six straight at home, leading up to a New Year's Eve game against Golden State... After Davis made two free throws to give Orlando an 83-79 lead,  Mike Dunleavy  of the Bulls hit a half-court 3-pointer to create the final difference... Twelve of the 15 teams in the Eastern Conference have losing records, and at 9-14 the Bulls are a half-game out of a playoff spot....The Bulls committed only five turnovers the entire game.  Davis separated his shoulder in Sunday's loss at Oklahoma City and was a game time decision but played 32 minutes and got a double-double. Hinrich missed his second game with a strained back and is considered day-to-day.  
 
 UP NEXT : For the Bulls, Wednesday @ Houston, Thursday @ Oklahoma City, Saturday vs. Cleveland. For the Magic, Wednesday vs. Utah, Saturday vs. Sacramento, Monday vs. New York. 
