  Sixers-Bulls notebook   By Paul Ladewski, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday March 29, 2011 12:11AM THE FACTS:  The Bulls vowed to atone for their lackluster performance against the 76ers two months earlier, a 105-99 loss in Philadelphia. Didn't happen. The visitors outquicked, outmuscled and outhustled them en route to a 27-13 advantage in the first period. The 76ers led from wire to wire, as the Bulls had their home streak snapped at 14 games in a row. QUOTE I:  "I really don't know (the reason). We weren't ready for this one. Put this one on me. We came out sluggish. That's how you lose in this league."   --  Bulls guard  Derrick Rose . GOOD MOVE:  After a film review prior to the game, 76ers head coach  Doug Collins  instructed his players to attack from the the middle of the floor. In particular, the strategy was beneficial to center  Spencer Hawes  (14 points), who drained several mid-range shots off pick-and-rolls there. QUOTE II:  "When we got together at 9:30 this morning, we won the game. We talked about what we believe in, how we do things and how we wouldn't waver from them. The guys responded. I could not be more proud of this team"   --  Collins. KEY MATCHUP:  Rose got his -- 31 points, 10 turnovers, five assists, three steals -- but Sixers stopper  Andre Iguodala  limited  Luol Deng  to 10 points, nearly eight below his season average. The forward shot only 3 of 11 in the field. QUOTE III:  "Deng doesn't get enough credit for what he does for his team. When he plays well, they're are darn near unstoppable. He could always shoot, but he has extended his range. He also can attack the basket and get to the (free throw) line. This is probably the best season in his career"   --  Iguodala. FANTASY DELIGHT:  Iguodala filled the scoresheet with 19 points, seven rebounds, seven assists, two steals and one blocked shot in 40 minutes. MESSAGE RECEIVED:  After a loss against Sacramento Kings one night earlier, Collins sent a text message to  Thaddeus Young  to boost his spirits. The guard responded with 21 points and seven rebounds in 25 high-octane minutes off the bench. Young set the tone at both ends of the court in a monstrous first period. The Georgia Tech product produced 17 points, six rebounds and three blocked shots in 11 minutes. He tweaked his groin late in the game, but the injury was not believed to be serious. QUOTE IV:  "Philly lost a game at home last night. I knew they would be ready tonight. We weren't. We came out flat"   --  Bulls head coach  Tom Thibodeau . NOTABLE:  The Bulls have become the chic pick to come out of the Eastern Conference playoffs, but one area may conspire against them. They rank 27th in free throw percentage in the league. Of their seven players with 100-or-more attempts, only Rose (85) has been successful more than 75 percent of the time. They bricked 12 of their 30 tries in the game. EASTERN DARKHORSE:  Meanwhile, there has been little talk about the Sixers, who won 14 of their last 22 starts to all but nail down a playoff spot. They have a favorable schedule the rest of the way. QUOTE V:  "That's a good position for us to be in. Yes, it is. Our staff has done a brilliant job with our defense. We've got one premier defender and that's Dre (Iguodala), who should be the Defensive Player of the Year. We play good team defense, we scramble and we have quickness, and our quickness makes up for a lot of problems"   --  Collins. STAND PAT:  The Bulls remained two games ahead of the Boston Celtics in the race for the top spot in the conference and 3 1/2 games behind the San Antonio Spurs in the hunt for the best record in the league. The latter was a topic of discussion at the Bulls morning shootaround, at which several players said the goal was a doable one. UP NEXT:  The 76ers will meet the Houston Rockets on Wednesday and the New Jersey Nets on Friday @ Philadelphia. The Bulls will face the Timberwolves @ Minnesota on Wednesday, the Pistons @ Detroit on Friday and the Toronto Raptors @ Chicago on Saturday.  