  Thunder-Nuggets notebook   By Michael Kelly, for NBA.com Posted Thursday January 20, 2011 2:12AM THE FACTS: Carmelo Anthony  scored 35 points and the Denver Nuggets beat the Oklahoma City Thunder 112-107 on Wednesday night.  Kevin Durant , who scored 44 in their last meeting, had 22 points. QUOTABLE:  "It was personal. I wanted to get it going early for myself and my team. I'm still here, I'm still playing. I'm still a Denver Nugget. I still have games to play."   -- Anthony, on his night after it was announced trade talks concerning him going to the Nets were ended. THE STAT:  The Nuggets improved to 19-4 at home, which is the second-best mark in the Western Conference behind San Antonio. TURNING POINT:  Denver trailed by five late in the third quarter before going on a 13-3 run to take the lead for good.  Al Harrington  gave the Nuggets the lead with his third 3-pointer of the game. HOT:  Oklahoma City guard  Russell Westbrook  had 28 points and 10 assists in notching his fifth straight double-double of the season. NOT:  The Thunder have not been sharp from behind the 3-point line the last two games, shooting 5-for-37. They were 3-for-15 Wednesday night. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Nuggets center  Nene  continues to be one of the most efficient players in the league. He was 7-for-8 from the field and is leading the NBA in field goal percentage at a .644 clip. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Nuggets general manager  Masai Ujiri  said before the game he has been talking to many teams about Anthony and is not upset with New Jersey for calling off trade talks. GOOD MOVE:  Nuggets coach  George Karl  kept guard  Ty Lawson  in the game deep into the fourth quarter and it helped keep the Nuggets' pace higher. With him in the game Denver went from four down to five ahead. QUOTABLE II:  "We've still got a month away before the trade deadline is over. I'm sure it'll be something else. We're not out of the woods yet. I was happy to get back on the court."   -- Denver guard  Chauncey Billups , on the trade talk involving him. NOTABLE:  Nuggets forward  Kenyon Martin  surpassed the 20,000-minute mark for his career Wednesday night. UP NEXT:  For the Thunder, Saturday vs. New York, Monday @ New Orleans, Wednesday @ Minnesota. For the Nuggets, Friday vs. Los Angeles Lakers, Sunday vs. Indiana, Tuesday @ Washington.  