Notebook: Rockets 104, Jazz 93 
 
 
 Andrew Aragon, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Nov 03, 2013 1:33 AM - Updated Sun Nov 03, 2013 5:35 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Utah Jazz fell to 0-3, which is their worst start in 34 years. It's the first time they've started the year on a three-game losing streak since they went 0-4 to begin the 1979-80 season. 
 
 THE LEAD:  Houston Rockets forward  Chandler Parsons  said it was a game his team knew they should win. And against the rebuilding Utah Jazz on Saturday night, the Rockets showed some signs of overconfidence and complacency in the first half.   
    In the second half, however, Houston simply took it to Utah. 
    The Rockets overcame a 19-point first-half deficit to defeat the Jazz 104-93, earning their fourth straight victory over Utah.  
    Parsons led Houston with 24 points, 12 rebounds and six assists.  James Harden  had 23 points and five assists while  Jeremy Lin  chipped in 20 points.  Dwight Howard  finished with 15 points and nine rebounds.  
 
  Richard Jefferson  led Utah with 18 points and five rebounds.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I wasn't happy about it, but it's something that everyone goes through. I could go 0-for-50 and I'm still going to shoot the ball the same way and shoot the ball with the same amount of confidence. I'm very confident and so is my team with me."  --  Rockets forward Parsons on breaking out of his shooting slump. He shot 0-for-8 from 3-point range in Houston's first two games. 
 
 
 THE STAT:  In stunning proof that the Jazz's offense was at times discombobulated, at other times stagnant, and overall just one huge mess after halftime, Utah had just one assist in the second half. One. For an entire half. It came with 1:45 left in the game when  Alec Burks  dished to  Gordon Hayward  before Hayward drained a 3-pointer.   
 
 TURNING POINT : After they seemed flat and disinterested during the first half, the Rockets rallied in the second half. During a six-minute stretch in the third quarter, Houston went on an 18-2 run to tie the game at 60-60. Harden scored seven points during the spurt -- matching his total from the first half -- and Howard contributed a couple of close-range shots. The Jazz, meanwhile, went ice cold after a sizzling first half. They missed nine straight shots and committed two turnovers during Houston's run. The game mostly stayed close until late in the fourth quarter, but the Rockets seemed to be the ones in control once they got back in it.    
 
 HOT:  Parsons carried the Rockets in the first half, scoring 20 of his points while shooting 7-for-9. He scored 16 of Houston's 24 points in the second quarter, hitting from long range (2-for-3) while also hurting the Jazz on drives to the basket.  Enes Kanter  showed in the first half that when he's playing well, Utah is formidable. He had 14 of  his 16 points and seven of his eight rebounds before halftime. Not coincidentally, the Jazz led by 16 at the break. 
 
 NOT:  Houston played with little energy or effort in the first half. The Rockets were outrebounded 27-12, and had a 16-0 deficit in second-chance points in the first two quarters. Utah shot just 32.4 percent and only 1-for-10 from 3-point range in the second half. The Jazz shot 7-for-10 from the free-throw line in the fourth quarter, but their misses were untimely. The three misfires came with them down between four and five points, and prevented them from closing the gap on Houston.   
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I shot (free throws) like I was  Mark Price . I had a slower song tonight in my head. Last night I had a fast song and I was going too fast. Tonight I had a couple slow jams playing in my head and I did pretty good so I'm going to keep it up. ... The playlist was some  Tank , some  Tyrese  and some  Usher  and some  Beyonce . And on the Beyonces I hit all net so I might have to keep singing Beyonce."  --  Rockets center Howard on his improved free-throw shooting and his free-throw routine against the Jazz. He shot 7-for-10 from the free-throw line. Against Dallas on Friday, He made 5 of 12 foul shots. 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE : The Rockets were a completely different team in the second half. On offense, Houston attacked, played downhill, fed off of Harden's playmaking abilities and stopped turning the ball over. Defensively, the Rockets kept Utah off the offensive boards, improved their pick-and-roll coverage and played proactively instead of reactively.   
 
 BAD MOVE:  The Jazz have been synonymous with sharing the ball and racking up a lot of assists since  John Stockton  was drafted in 1984. That style of play was nowhere to be found against Houston. Credit the Rockets' defense as it took the Jazz out of what they wanted to do with the ball, and Utah hardly put up a fight.   
 
 NOTABLE:  Houston reserve forward  Omri Casspi  did not play because of an ankle injury. The Jazz shot 4-for-22 from 3-point range. Houston had a 28-12 rebounding edge and outscored Utah 64-37 in the second half.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Rockets, Monday @ L.A. Clippers, Tuesday @ Portland, Thursday vs. Lakers. For the Jazz, Tuesday @ Brooklyn, Wednesday @ Boston, Friday @ Chicago. 
