
 Nuggets-Kings notebook   By Jimmy Spencer, for NBA.com Posted Saturday April 2, 2011 1:55AM THE FACTS:  The Denver Nuggets continued to roll, winning their fifth consecutive game with a 99-90 road victory against the Sacramento Kings on Friday night. The Nuggets have won 15 of their last 19 games and are now 17 games over .500 (46-29), their best mark of the season. The Nuggets now face a tough test in their next four games, at the Los Angeles Lakers, home against the Oklahoma City Thunder, at the Dallas Mavericks and another against the Thunder at Oklahoma City. QUOTABLE:  "We get to play the next four games with some aggressiveness and pride. We've had a hell of a run. The next four games are playoff games in the regular season against great teams and we'll have to improve and find out how good we are."   --  Nuggets coach  George Karl . THE STAT:  As a team, the Kings shot just 9.5 percent (2-for-21) from 3-point range. Kings guard  Marcus Thornton , who had scored 20 or more points in nine of his last 11 games, shot 4-for-14 from the field, including 0-for-6 from behind the 3-point line. He finished with 11 points but did add seven rebounds and five assists. TURNING POINT:  The Nuggets outscored the Kings by a margin of 31-16 in the third quarter to take 79-67 lead into the fourth quarter. The Kings had been up 28-21 after the first quarter and led 51-48 at halftime. QUOTABLE II:  "We're ready. Just getting ourselves mentally ready. I think everyone is mentally and physically prepared."   --  Nuggets guard  Raymond Felton  about getting ready for the playoffs. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Things got testy with just more than a minute to play when  Danilo Gallinari  slapped hard upwards at the ball but smacked  DeMarcus Cousins  in the throat. The hard foul led to a technical foul on Gallinari. After the technical was called, Kings center  Samuel Dalembert  was called for a technical when he put his hand around the back of Gallinari's neck. ROOKIE WATCH:  Cousins didn't have a great scoring night -- shooting 3-for-15 for 10 points -- though he did chip in eight rebounds and five assists. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Denver Nuggets guard  Arron Afflalo  started on Friday night after missing the last four games with a left hamstring strain. Afflalo played 25 minutes and scored 11 points. Afflalo did re-aggravate the injury a bit on Friday night but said after the game that he is hopeful to play on Sunday. NOTABLE: Chris Andersen  hobbled out of the locker room following the game after injuring his right ankle in fourth quarter. Karl said he wasn't sure of the extent of the injury but did say he won't be playing on Sunday. In the locker room, Felton talked about the severity of the injury, saying "his ankle is pretty bad" and that hopefully he'll be back before the playoffs...The scoring was spread throughout the box score on Friday night, with 13 players in double figures combined from both teams. UP NEXT:  For the Nuggets, Sunday at Lakers, Tuesday vs. Oklahoma City, Wednesday at Dallas. For the Kings, Sunday vs. Utah, Tuesday at Houston, Wednesday at San Antonio. 
