Notebook: Warriors 114, Clippers 110 
 
 
 Dan Arritt, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Nov 04, 2012 1:38 AM - Updated Sun Nov 04, 2012 1:38 AM 
 
 THE FACTS:   Without their starting center and top reserve in the lineup, the Warriors got the extra boost they needed courtesy of 23 points off the bench from  Carl Landry  and 16 from  Jarrett Jack , the key contributions in the 114-110 victory Saturday night against the Clippers at Staples Center. 
 
 QUOTABLE:   "We don't quit. We had every reason to quit. We gutted it out and we defended. Everybody played a role."
 -- Golden State coach  Mark Jackson 
 
 
 
THE STAT :  The teams combined for 65 fouls and 91 free-throw attempts. The Clippers went to the line 52 times, four off their franchise record. 
 
 TURNING POINT:   The Clippers never led in the game, but came back to tie the score several times after falling into an early 14-point hole.  Chris Paul  had one final opportunity to tie the score with 7.5 seconds remaining, but  Stephen Curry  drew a charge as Paul scored a layup and Curry then pushed the lead to four with a pair of free throws with 6.9 seconds on the clock.   
 
 HOT:   Landry shot 11-for-16 from the floor and grabbed 10 rebounds, six on the offensive end. It was the 12th career 20-10 game for Landry and the sixth off the bench. 
 
 NOT:   Despite having an easier matchup with Golden State center  Andrew Bogut  sitting out to rest his surgically repaired ankle, Clippers center  DeAndre Jordan  looked more like the awkward player of old against the Warriors. He battled foul trouble most of the night and finished with four points and eight rebounds in 23 minutes. Golden State's starting center, rookie  Festus Ezeli , had eight points and five rebounds in 28 minutes.  
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Curry has also battled ankle problems for the last year, but he played 43 minutes for the second consecutive night, finishing with 24 points, four assists and three steals. The Warriors needed all the production they could get from their backcourt, which was weakened by the season-ending knee injury to sixth-man  Brandon Rush  on Friday night against the Grizzlies. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  The Clippers didn't seem to take the Warriors seriously early on and they paid the price, giving up the game's first nine points and eventually falling behind by 14 in the opening quarter.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:   "It's a step back for us. I'm disappointed with the way we came out." 
 -- Clippers coach  Vinny Del Negro 
 
 
 NOTABLE:   Paul set a franchise record for most consecutive free throws made (19) and tied the franchise record for most free throws converted overall (19).  Corey Maggette  twice made 19 free throws in a game for the Clippers. Paul missed his only free throw of the night with 42.4 seconds remaining and the Clippers trailing by one. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Monday vs. Cleveland, Wednesday vs. San Antonio, Thursday @ Portland. For the Warriors, Monday @ Sacramento, Wednesday vs. Cleveland, Friday @ L.A. Lakers. 
