Notebook: Magic 92, Bobcats 83 
 
 
 Derek S. Smith, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Dec 11, 2013 10:47 PM - Updated Wed Dec 11, 2013 10:47 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Magic had seven players score in double figures as they snapped a six-game losing streak. 
 
 THE LEAD:  The Orlando Magic picked up a 92-83 over the host Charlotte Bobcats Wednesday night at Time Warner Cable Arena.  Glen Davis  and  Jameer Nelson  each scored a game-high 17 points for the Magic while  Gerald Henderson  paced the Bobcats with 12 points.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "It's been a long road trip, but you know what, we stuck together in spite of what happened and we're coming home with a win. It's good vibes and good feelings. We need to get some wins at home now. We've shown a lot of character to pick up a win against a good Charlotte team tonight. We played unselfishly and sacrificed tonight." 
 -- Orlando forward  Glen Davis 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Making the best of opportunities. Orlando dominated the offensive glass picking up 14 offensive rebounds. The Magic converted those 14 second chances into 17 points while limiting the Bobcats to only eight second-chance points. Davis and  Nikola Vucevic  both had double-figure rebounding nights.  
 
 TURNING POINT:   Victor Oladipo  opened the third quarter by scoring the first six points and pushing open the Orlando lead. The Magic had taken the lead heading into the half on a jumper by  Glen Davis , but that lead got extended by Oladipo quickly as the rookie scored those six points in just 51 seconds. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "Our team is not an offensive juggernaut and if we're not going to defend or rebound it's going to be a long night. And tonight it was. I thought we might be ready to take the next step, but that didn't happen tonight." 
 -- Charlotte coach  Steve Clifford 
 
 
 HOT:  Orlando was on fire from the 3-point line in the second half. The Magic made 7-of -their 11 shots from behind the arc after missing on eight attempts in the first half. Charlotte was a dismal 4-for-17 from the3-point line.  
 
 NOT:  Charlotte's starting back court struggled mightily Wednesday against Orlando.  Gerald Henderson  and  Kemba Walker  combined to shoot 7-for-32 from the floor and scored 22 points total. The duo has been averaging 38.0 points in the month of December.  
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Orlando coach  Jacque Vaughn  made the right call in playing center Vucevic on Wednesday. Vucevic had missed the previous four games, which were all losses for Orlando. In the four games without Vucevic, who average 10.9 rebounds, Orlando had been outrebounded 213-143 and 50-36 on offensive glass. Tonight, Orlando outrebounded Charlotte 52-41 overall and 14-9 on the offensive glass. He also played well defensively, holding Charlotte's  Al Jefferson  to only 10 points.  
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Tonight was a matchup of former Hoosiers. Charlotte's  Cody Zeller  had 10 points and six rebounds while former teammate Oladipo had 10 points as well and added four rebounds, two steals and two assists.  
 
 NOTABLE:   Kemba Walker  has played in 170 consecutive games, tying the third longest consecutive games played streak in franchise history ...  Gerald Henderson  has scored in double figures in 13 consecutive games ... The Bobcats have held opponents under 100 points for the 18th time this season which is tops in the league ... Vucevic has 10 double doubles this season after a 14-rebound, 12-point night ...  Arron Afflalo  has scored in double figures in 21 of 22 games this season ... the double-double by Davis was his first of the season ... Orlando has won 9 of the last 13 regular-season meetings between the two teams ... Orlando was a perfect 9-for-9 from the line.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Magic, Friday vs. Cleveland, Sunday @ Oklahoma City, Monday @ Chicago. For the Bobcats, Friday @ Indiana, Saturday vs. Lakers, Tuesday vs. Sacramento.  
