  Notebook: Thunder 111, Jazz 85 Posted Wednesday February 15, 2012 12:03AM By Randy Renner, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The Oklahoma City Thunder hadn't played a game since last Friday in Salt Lake City when they beat the Jazz. Utah has been a bit busier since then. The Jazz came into Chesapeake Energy Arena on the last night of a road back-to-back-to-back and it showed. The rested and ready Thunder tightened the defensive screws on the tired Jazz holding them to just 35.6 percent shooting while cruising to a 111-85 win. It is the seventh consecutive home victory for the Thunder while the Jazz have lost seven of their last nine. Thunder sixth man  James Harden  led all scorers with 22 points on 6-for-9 shooting.  Kevin Durant  added 21 and  Russell Westbrook  and  Serge Ibaka  each scored 16. Ibaka also grabbed 10 rebounds and blocked six shots. The Thunder dominated inside, outscoring the Jazz 60-42 in the paint. They also ran the Jazz ragged outscoring them 17-4 on the break. Utah had five players in double figures led by Al Jefferson's 15 points but it took him 19 shots to get there.  Derrick Favors  came off the bench to score 13 and Paul Milsap, Raja Bell and Alec Burks each finished with 10. Just like in the loss to New Orleans Monday night the Jazz starters sat on the bench in the fourth quarter. OKC's starters also spent the majority of the final frame being cheerleaders as every Thunder player suited up scored. QUOTABLE:  "I thought we came out and set the tone defensively in the first quarter. We started the game defensive minded. Our guys played hard and we made them take bad shots."   --Thunder Head Coach  Scott Brooks QUOTABLE II:  "It's the third night of a back-to-back-to-back, everybody's a little tired and we just ran out of gas. We just couldn't slow them down. We'll get ourselves back together, get some rest and we'll be fine."   -- Jazz Head Coach  Ty Corbin THE STAT:  The Thunder shot 71.4% (30-for-42) down low in the painted area. Utah managed just 44.7% (21-for-47) on that same part of the floor. And how's this for a stat line, Thunder center Kendrick Perkins ended the game with one point, seven rebounds and six assists. That ties a career high by Perkins who also had six assists against Atlanta back in the 2008 season. QUOTABLE III:  "You know he's an underrated passer and I'm doing a better job of letting him (Perkins) touch the ball more."   -- Brooks TURNING POINT:  The Jazz, playing their fourth game in five nights and coming off a lack-luster effort in New Orleans the night before, started badly by missing 15 of their first 16 shots. Utah trailed by a dozen in the early going and could never climb back into the game. The effort was better than against the Hornets but through the first three quarters the Jazz had missed two out of every three shots they attempted. QUOTABLE IV:  "We missed some shots but I don't think it was because our legs were tired. I think we just missed them."   --Jazz Guard  Devin Harris HOT:  In the first half Thunder point guard  Westbrook was 5-for-7...In the second half OKC's Ibaka (5-for-5), Harden (3-for-4) and Durant (4-for-6) combined to go 12-for-15 and score 30 points. NOT:  The Jazz started the game an abysmal 1-for-16 (6.3%) and had just four points in the first seven minutes of the contest. ... In the first half the Jazz shot 32.7 percent (16-for-49)...and just 12.5 percent (1-for-8) on 3-pointers. ...The second half wasn't much better as Utah shot 39 percent on 16-for-41. ...Thunder guard  Daequan Cook  was 1-for-5 on 3-pointers in the first 24 minutes. ...Oklahoma City had one of its worst free throw shooting nights, missing 12 freebies. The Thunder shot just 64.7 percent (22-for-34) at the stripe. GOOD MOVE:  Thunder point guard  Westbrook, taking an inbounds pass from  Nick Collison , drove the length of the court on former teammate  Earl Watson . Watson stayed with Westbrook in tight defense most of the way but when Westbrook faked outside and drove inside into the lane, the Jazz help defense wasn't there and Westbrook scored the layup. BAD MOVE:  Overheard along press row as Jazz players  Raja Bell  and  Earl Watson  were waiting to check back into the game. Bell turns to Watson and complains, "We consistently do dumb [stuff]. Consistently...do...dumb...[stuff]." Then just moments later Bell, himself, soft tosses a pass toward the left wing, OKC's  Kendrick Perkins  steps in front, intercepts Bell and fires a pass to a streaking Westbrook, who is all alone for a slam.  NOTABLE:  With 16 points tonight, Westbrook joins only two other players ( Oscar Robertson  and  Magic Johnson ) who have scored at least 5,000 points, dished out at least 1,900 assists and grabbed at least 1,300 rebounds in the first 274 games of their NBA careers. UP NEXT:  For the Jazz, Friday vs Wizards, Sunday @ Houston, Monday vs Spurs. For the Thunder, Wednesday @ Houston, Friday vs Warriors, Sunday vs Nuggets.  