  Kings-Timberwolves notebook   By Phil Miller, for NBA.com Posted Sunday March 20, 2011 7:29PM THE FACTS: Samuel Dalembert  dominated the paint with 26 points and 17 rebounds, and the Sacramento Kings rode 21 consecutive points in the second half snap a five-game road losing streak Sunday, handing the Minnesota Timberwolves their worst Target Center loss in almost three years, 127-95.  Marcus Thornton  added 23 points, nine assists and eight rebounds to help Sacramento win its 17th game of the season, tying Minnesota for the fewest in the Western Conference, while handing the Timberwolves their worst homecourt loss in almost three years.  Luke Ridnour  led the Wolves, who played the second half without injured forward  Kevin Lo ve , with 22 points. Kings forward  DeMarcus Cousins  was ejected in the third quarter after picking up two technical fouls, one for reacting to Ridnour's shove with one of his own, and one for pushing Martell Webster when he tried to keep the peace. They were the ninth and 10th technicals of Cousins' rookie season, and his second ejection. QUOTABLE:  "I don't understand what happened. I'm just setting a screen, and the next minute, he (Luke Ridnour) shoves me. I'm getting pushed. But they dealt with it the way they felt they should."   --  Cousins on the play leading to his ejection. THE STAT:  16 -- Years since the Timberwolves lost a home game by more than Sunday's 32-point margin. The Wolves have now lost by 32 at home three times, the most recent coming April 9, 2008 in a 122-90 loss to New Orleans. Only once in franchise history -- a 109-71 loss to the Sixers on Nov. 25, 1994 -- has the margin of defeat been larger. The Kings, meanwhile, had not won a road game so decisively since a 118-82 victory in New Jersey on Jan. 9, 2003.  TURNING POINT:  The Timberwolves cut a 17-point Kings lead to just six in the final minute of the third quarter, but over the next 5:54, they committed seven turnovers without scoring a point. By the time Luke Ridnour's floater was goal-tended more than five minutes into the fourth period, Sacramento had scored 21 consecutive points, eight by  Dante Greene , to put the game away. QUOTABLE II:  "Every day, there is an opportunity to get better, but we lost that opportunity today and you can never get it back. It's gone. We didn't get better today."   --  Timberwolves coach  Kurt Rambis. HOT:  Samuel Dalembert had averaged 16.3 points and 11.8 rebounds over his last four games, but he really broke out once NBA rebounding leader Kevin Love left the Wolves' lineup. Dalembert made 13 of 20 shots and scored 26 points, one off his career high, while collecting 17 rebounds, most he's had all season. NOT:  Kevin Love was off to a slow start for the Wolves, missing both of his shots in the first half, when he felt something pull in his abdomen. He waved off the Wolves' trainer and continued to limp around the floor for several minutes in obvious discomfort. Finally, he left the game for good with three minutes remaining in the first half, and was diagnosed with a pulled left groin. His three-rebound performance ended his streak of 56 consecutive games with 10 or more rebounds. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Marcus Thornton has continued to thrive even without  Tyreke Evans  in the Kings' lineup, and he just missed his first career triple-double against Minnesota. Thornton, averaging 24.3 points over his last four games, scored 23 points with nine assists and eight rebounds. "He could have gotten it if we were interested in chasing stats," said Kings coach  Paul Westphal . INSIDE THE ARENA:  A "Read to Achieve" promotion provided free tickets to Twin Cities students, resulting in a Sunday afternoon crowd of 18,993, second-largest of the season for the Timberwolves. With so many kids in the crowd, the Wolves were essentially never booed, despite suffering the worst home loss in three years. The largest cheer of the game came when a fan seated in a recliner at the free-throw line made a shot while lying down, winning the recliner. GOOD MOVE:  Wolves forward  Michael Beasley  scored eight points in a two-minute span late in the third quarter, and Sacramento coach Paul Westphal grew concerned as Sacramento's double-digit lead dwindled to six. So Westphal inserted Donte Greene into the game with explicit orders: Stop Beasley. Not only did the 6-11 forward's length bother the Wolves' top offensive weapon -- Beasley didn't score another point in the game -- but Greene hit five shots, including three 3-pointers, in the fourth quarter for 13 points of his own, and Sacramento pulled away again. NOTABLE:  An odd moment to open the fourth quarter: The third period appeared to end on Luke Ridnour's traveling violation, and both teams huddled up. But during the between-periods break, officials determined that Ridnour's violation came with two-tenths of a second remaining on the clock. The Kings were awarded the ball, and they inbounded to make the quarter official. Then the ball was handed to the Wolves to begin the fourth period...Minnesota center  Darko Milicic  scored 10 points in the game's first 6 1/2 minutes, making five of six shots. But he scored only three points the rest of the game...The Wolves were outscored 42-20 in the fourth quarter, and committed 10 turnovers...Minnesota's schedule is about to get much tougher. Ten of the Wolves' remaining 11 games are against teams with winning records, and the next five are all against teams with winning percentages of .662 or better. UP NEXT:  For the Kings, Monday @ Chicago, Wednesday @ Milwaukee, Friday @ Indiana. For the Timberwolves, Thursday @ Dallas, Friday @ Oklahoma City, Sunday vs. Boston.  