  Lakers-Bulls notebook   By Kent McDill, for NBA.com Posted Friday December 10, 2010 11:52PM THE FACTS:  In a sloppy, weird but highly competitive game,  Derrick Rose  scored 29 points and the Bulls survived a spectacularly bad first quarter to beat the Los Angeles Lakers 88-84 at the United Center Friday.  Kobe Bryant  scored 23 points but was 9-for-23 from the field and missed two free throws in the fourth quarter when the Lakers were staging a comeback. QUOTABLE:  "This gives us the sense of how good we can be.''    -- Bulls forward  Carlos Boozer , who had 10 points and a game-high 11 rebounds. THE STAT:  The victory ended the Bulls' seven-game losing streak to the Lakers, dating back to December 2006. TURNING POINT:  After scoring just 15 points in the first 18 minutes of the game, and being 6-for-27 from the field, the Bulls outscored the Lakers 19-3 in the final six minutes of the second quarter to take a 36-32 halftime lead. THE MOMENT:  Early in the fourth quarter, there were four turnovers (two by each team) committed in a 15-second span, with no clock stoppage in between. HOT:   Matt Barnes  of the Lakers was 5-for-7 from the field for 10 points and had seven rebounds and two steals in his 24 minutes of playing time. NOT:  In the first quarter, the Bulls were bad in remarkable style. They missed three dunks, committed six turnovers, shot 25 percent from the field and, on back-to-back possessions, turned over an offensive rebound when two Bulls battled each other for the ball and then lost it all together. INSIDE THE ARENA:  About 36 hours from his own big game against the New England Patriots, Bears coach  Lovie Smith  attended the Bulls game.  Patrick Kane , the Blackhawks' star, enjoyed his rehabilitation from injury by watching the Bulls while the Blackhawks were in San Jose for a game against the Sharks. GOOD MOVE:  Backup shooting guard  Ronnie Brewer , who plays twice as much as starting shooting guard  Keith Bogans  for the Bulls, played 24 minutes Friday, scored 10 points and hit all six of his free throw attempts, four of them in the fourth quarter. QUOTABLE II:  "We beat the Lake Show. It feels great. It's unfortunate we can't go hit the streets tonight."    -- Bulls center  Joakim Noah , referring to the fact the Bulls have another game Saturday night against Minnesota. NOTABLE:  In the third quarter, Brewer blocked Bryant on a shot underneath the basket, then scored off a feed from Rose on the fast break at the other end to give the Bulls a 59-53 lead. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Saturday vs. Minnesota, Monday vs. Indiana, Wednesday at Toronto. For the Lakers, Sunday at New Jersey, Tuesday at Washington, Wednesday at Indiana.  