  Spurs-Suns notebook   By Mike Tulumello, for NBA.com Posted Thursday April 14, 2011 1:54AM THE FACTS:  The San Antonio Spurs fell just short of claiming the NBA's best record. The Phoenix Suns, playing with a near-playoff fervor, rolled up solid leads then barely hung on to beat the visiting Spurs 106-103 Wednesday night to close the regular season. The Spurs finished 61-21, just one game short of the Chicago Bulls. They already had clinched the No. 1 spot in the West. Had the two teams finished in a tie, a random drawing would have determined who is the No. 1 overall seed in the playoffs. Coach  Gregg Popovich  said. "We would have loved to have won. But we didn't. That's the way it goes. Now the fun starts." The game might have been costly for the Spurs. In the opening minutes,  Manu Ginobili  got tangled up with teammate  Tim Duncan , who was setting a high screen, and defender  Grant Hill . Ginobili crashed to the floor, hurting his right elbow. He did not return. The elbow was described as hyper-extended. An x-ray was negative, and an MRI will be done when he returns to San Antonio. For the Suns, who finished 40-42,  Marcin Gortat  had 21 points and 13 rebounds.  Channing Frye  added 17 points and nine boards. For the Spurs, Duncan had 17 points and 12 rebounds. The Spurs also flashed their depth, with reserves  Gary Neal  (14 points),  George Hill  (13 points) and  Danny Green  (13 points) all contributing. QUOTABLE:  "It was a good, positive way to end the season....Forty and 42 sounds a lot better than 39-43....It was really important to let the fans know we're giving it our all...We've had the fans on an emotional roller-coaster this year."    -- Suns coach  Alvin Gentry . THE STAT:  The Suns committed only six turnovers. TURNING POINT:  The Suns pushed a 61-57 lead early in the third quarter out to 87-74 early in the final quarter to give them enough breathing room to withstand a late Spurs' charge. QUOTABLE II:  "You get to coach those players once in your life."    -- Suns coach Alvin Gentry on Hill, who played in his 80th game of the season at age 38. Gentry called Hill the league's "most versatile" defender, as he's guarded everyone from  Tony Parker , to  Amar'e Stoudemire , to  Blake Griffin  to  Derrick Rose . HOT:  Gortat, finishing a season that was eye-opening for Suns' coaches, players and fans, hit 10-for-16 shots for 21 points. NOT:   Aaron Brooks  continued his erratic play, shooting 0-for-7 and committing four fouls. Brooks, on trial for a possible new contract in the offseason, played the final few minutes in place of  Steve Nash  (who was banged up). Though Brooks didn't play well, he managed to hit 4-for-4 on free throws in the final six seconds to preserve the Suns' win. NOTABLE:  Nash became the third NBA player ( John Stockton ,  Jason Kidd ) to lead the NBA in assists for five seasons. He averaged 11.4. Nash also finished the season as the No. 1 free-throw shooter of all time (.903933) just ahead of  Mark Price  (.903895). He has traded places with Price throughout the season. He also had a plus-277 points (on a season-long plus-minus basis) entering the game, by far the team's best. In addition, Gentry said, "He's probably played in 12 to 15 games where he shouldn't have been out there (because of injuries). Nash has given no indication he will ask for a trade in the offseason (he has one year left on his contract) and has told NBA.com that, "I expect to be back." UP NEXT:  For the Spurs, they will face the Grizzlies in the playoffs. The Suns' season is over.  