  Notebook: Timberwolves 122, Trail Blazers 110 Posted Sunday March 4, 2012 1:36AM By Kerry Eggers, for NBA.com THE FACTS: Kevin Love  scored a season-high 42 points to go with 10 rebounds to lead Minnesota past Portland 122-110 Saturday night at the Rose Garden. Martell Webster  came off the bench for season highs in points (21) and rebounds (eight) as the Timberwolves (19-19) moved ahead of the Blazers (18-19) in the Western Conference standings. Nicolas Batum  scored 29 points and  Gerald Wallace  had 25 points, 14 rebounds, five steals and three assists for Portland, which fell at home for the sixth time in their last eight outings. QUOTABLE:  "It just gets old. We knew the importance of this game, especially with a tough road trip coming up. We're going to reveal our character. We're going to show who we are coming up here soon -- a team that's going to fight, or a team that's going to lay down."   --  Portland's  Jamal Crawford . THE STAT:  Minnesota shot superbly from the field (54 percent), 3-point range (52 percent) and the free-throw line (86 percent). The Timberwolves shot .682 from the field and made 8 of 10 3-point attempts in racing to a 40-28 first-quarter lead -- most scored against Portland in any quarter all season. TURNING POINT:  The score was tied 84-84 early in the fourth quarter when the Timberwolves when on a 15-2 run -- keyed by a four-point play by  Derrick Williams  -- to seize a 99-86 lead. The Blazers got no closer than nine points the rest of the way. QUOTABLE II:  "Nobody expected us to be where we're at. This is when we need to make our push. We've been throwing the 'P' word around for the first time in my four years here. If we continue to win games, who knows?"   --  Love, on the Timberwolves being in playoff contention this late in the season. HOT:  Minnesota was on fire early, especially Love, who scored 15 points in the first quarter -- going 3 for 3 from 3-point range. The Wolves made 7 of their first 8 attempts from beyond the arc in the period. NOT:  Minnesota's  Ricky Rubio  made only 1 of 8 shots from the field, a layup in the fourth quarter. But the rookie point guard dished out 12 assists -- 10 in the first quarter. QUOTABLE III:  "We have to get connected ? do the things you need to do to win games. We didn't commit to defending tonight. We get smacked around before we realized we were in a game, and then we played. We showed we have the capability, but we have to get smacked upside the head before we do. You can't just flip a switch."   --  Portland head coach  Nate McMillan . INSIDE THE ARENA:  Former University of Oregon tailback  LaMichael James  was in the house. Former Trail Blazer center and 2010 Oregon gubernatorial candidate  Chris Dudley  was courtside with son  Charles , 13 ? decked in a Timberwolves No. 42 jersey. Dudley served as a volunteer assistant coach for three years during Love's time at Lake Oswego, Ore., High School. GOOD MOVE:  Minnesota mixed up its defensive coverage on  LaMarcus Aldridge , alternating Love and  Nikola Pekovic  and coming often with double-team help. Aldridge finished with 14 points and seven boards before fouling out in the fourth quarter. BAD MOVE:  Portland's  Joel Przybilla  fouled Rubio and, in disgust, walked over the fallen opponent in the fourth quarter, drawing a technical foul. NOTABLE:  Love, who had averaged 12 points in Portland appearances his first three seasons, finished one point off his career high. It was the local kid's league-best 27th 20/10 game and his 32nd double-double. UP NEXT:  For the Blazers, vs. New Orleans Monday, @ Minnesota Wednesday, @ Boston Friday. For the Timberwolves, vs. L.A. Clippers Monday, vs. Portland Wednesday, vs. L.A. Lakers Friday.  