  Notebook: Pacers 104, Cavaliers 98 Posted Thursday April 12, 2012 12:45AM By Brian Dulik, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Small forward  Danny Granger  scored five of his game-high 23 points in overtime, powering the Indiana Pacers to a 104-98 victory over the Cleveland Cavaliers. Power forward  David West  added 19 points, while center  Roy Hibbert  collected 11 points, a game-best 11 rebounds and five assists for Indiana. With the road win, the Pacers maintained their hold on third place in the Eastern Conference standings. Cavaliers power forward  Antawn Jamison  had 21 points and eight boards, while shooting guard  Lester Hudson  scored 19 points and forced OT by making a floater over West with 1.2 seconds left in regulation. QUOTABLE:  "We know we were in a tough fight tonight. We're playing for home-court advantage in the playoffs, so there is no room for any slippage on our part. (Cleveland) is playing really hard and had us on their heels."   -- Pacers power forward  David West THE STAT:  The Pacers clinched their first winning road record in eight years and improved to 17-14 away from Bankers Life Fieldhouse this season. This marks just the fourth time Indiana has posted a winning road mark since joining the NBA in 1976-1977. "We set a goal for the season to be above .500 on the road -- and we accomplished that," Pacers coach  Frank Vogel  said. "Now, it's on to the next goal." Indiana is one of four East teams with winning records away from home, along with conference-leading Chicago, Miami and Orlando. The only West squads in that club are San Antonio and Oklahoma City. TURNING POINT:  The Pacers held the Cavaliers scoreless for the first 3:02 of OT, allowing them to build a 99-94 lead on a jumper by West and a 3-pointer by Granger. Hudson finally put Cleveland on the board with 1:57 left on a short jumper, but Granger answered with a perimeter deuce, then assisted on point guard George Hill's 3-pointer that gave Indiana an insurmountable 104-96 lead. "Before overtime, Coach (Vogel) said to win the tip and (score) the first basket," Hibbert said. "We paid attention to every shot and every rebound, and tried to limit them to one shot." QUOTABLE II:  "I told my coaches at the two-minute mark of overtime, 'I think we just ran out of gas.' That's no excuse. I just looked at my guys, and thought we ran out of gas. We just didn't have anything left in the tank."   -- Cavaliers coach  Byron Scott HOT:  West not only took down the Cavaliers, he forced their mascot out of the game while playfully scuffling with him just before the opening tip. The 6-foot-9, 240-pound West accidentally struck Moondog in the face, forcing his costume head into his left eye. The veteran performer left Quicken Loans Arena to receive medical treatment, but did not suffer a serious injury, according to a team spokesman. "I feel terrible about that, I really do," West said. "We were just messing around. Make sure he knows I'm sorry." Hibbert watched the sequence play out near the Pacers' bench, and also couldn't believe what occurred between the furry canine and West. "For real? We thought he was just playing when it happened," Hibbert said. "Oh, man, that's crazy. I've never heard anything like that in the NBA." NOT:  The Cavaliers used an 18-1 run to go in front 86-79 with 5:43 left in the fourth quarter, but were outscored 25-12 the rest of the way. ... Cleveland is 2-11 in its last 13 games, 3-14 in its previous 17 contests, and 6-20 in its last 26 games. ... The Cavaliers are an NBA-worst 0-5 in OT games. ... Hudson missed eight of his nine 3-point attempts and made a game-high six turnovers. ... Pacers power forwards  Tyler Hansbrough  and  Lou Amundson  committed nine fouls in 30 minutes while going 2-for-6 from the field. ... Hill missed three straight free throws in the final 22 seconds of regulation, setting the stage for Hudson's game-tying and OT-forcing basket. "George is down on himself right now for missing those free throws, but I told him he was the reason why we got the lead back," Vogel said. QUOTABLE III:  "When they got their (fourth-quarter) lead, they just got too comfortable. They were still playing real hard, but we were a little more aggressive on some of their catches."   -- Pacers center  Roy Hibbert GOOD MOVE:  For the second straight game and evening, Scott used an all-reserve lineup to start the fourth quarter. And for the second consecutive contest, small forward  Omri Casspi , power forward  Luke Walton , and Hudson triggered a huge Cavaliers comeback. They were joined by shooting guard  Manny Harris  and center  Samardo Samuels  in outscoring Indiana 20-6 over the first six minutes of the period. "The coaching staff and my teammates all fought hard, but we just came up a little bit short in the end," Samuels said. "Next time, we expect to win." BAD MOVE:  Cavaliers center  Semih Erden  suffered a severely sprained right ankle early in the second quarter, just one night after playing his way back into the rotation. Erden's ankle gave way as he drove to the basket on a fast break, prompting him to crumble to the court at the feet of Pacers point guard  A.J. Price . The native of Turkey was unable to put any weight on his right leg and was helped off the floor by Jamison and injured Cleveland center  Anderson Varejao . Initial X-rays were negative, but Erden left the arena on crutches. NOTABLE:  Hill racked up 17 points, three rebounds, five assists and two blocked shots while filling in for injured starter  Darren Collison , who is expected to play Friday when Indiana hosts Cleveland. ... Cavaliers point guard  Donald Sloan  had eight points and six assists without a turnover. ... Samuels scored 13 points in 18 minutes off the bench. ... Scott ruled out point guard  Kyrie Irving  (right shoulder sprain) and Varejao (right wrist fracture) from playing in Cleveland's next two games, but said "both of them are improving." UP NEXT:  For the Pacers, Friday vs. Cleveland, Saturday @ Milwaukee, Monday vs. Minnesota. For the Cavaliers, Friday @ Indiana, Saturday @ Washington, Sunday vs. Orlando.  