  Magic-Wizards Notebook   By Rich Dubroff, for NBA.com Posted Saturday February 5, 2011 12:05AM THE FACTS:   Dwight Howard  hit his first 10 shots and finished 10-for-11 with 22 points and 15 rebounds as the Orlando Magic beat the Washington Wizards 110-92 on Friday night.  Ryan Anderson  had 19 points,  Jason Richardson , 18 and  J.J. Redick,  15. In his first game in Washington since the Dec. 18 trade from the Wizards to the Magic,  Gilbert Arenas  had 10 points, six rebounds and six assists. Nick Young  and  Kirk Hinrich  led the Wizards, who lost for the seventh straight time, with 17 points.  John Wall , who was ejected late in the fourth quarter, had 14 points. QUOTABLE:  "I expected to get booed some, glad I got cheered. It just shows that people understand it was one year, one bad mistake, and it can't erase seven good years that I had here."  -  Arenas  on his reception THE STAT:  Howard was 10-for-11 from the field, and didn't even attempt a shot in the fourth quarter. TURNING POINT:  A 9-0 third quarter run on a 3-pointer by Anderson and three baskets by Howard that gave Orlando a 70-62 lead with 3:01 to play in the third quarter. QUOTABLE II:  "I thought Gilbert defensively was fabulous. I don't know how many times a coach has stood here and said that about him, but he really was the guy."  ­- Orlando coach  Stan Van Gundy  on Arenas' defense. HOT:  Howard hitting his first 10 shots and not missing one until 2:20 was left in the third quarter. NOT:  Young missed 13 of his 20 shots as Arenas played tough defense on him. "He never scores on me. He already knew what was going to happen," Arenas said. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  With  Brandon Bass  out with a sprained left ankle, Anderson started for the second straight night and hit three 3-pointers. If Bass stays out, Anderson could be a real find. GOOD MOVE:  A night after Van Gundy played Howard all 48 minutes, he limited him to 32 minutes, and he was very effective. BAD MOVE:  Young continuing to shoot while Arenas continued to harass him. ROOKIE WATCH:  Besides Wall, forward  Trevor Booker  had six points and six blocked shots in 24 minutes. Center  Kevin Seraphin .did not score. The Magic have no rookies. INSIDE THE ARENA:  The crowd of 18,940 was mostly pro-Arenas, though there were a number of jeerers. NOTABLE:  The Magic were 12-for-31 from 3-point range. The Wizards were just 3-for-10. Hinrich hit all three in the fourth quarter. UP NEXT:  For the Magic: Sunday @ Celtics, Tuesday vs. Clippers, Wednesday @ Sixers. For the Wizards: Saturday vs. Hawks, Wednesday vs. Bucks, Feb. 12 vs. Spurs.  