  Blazers-Jazz notebook   By Andrew Aragon, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday December 28, 2010 12:34AM THE FACTS:   LaMarcus Aldridge  had 26 points and seven rebounds to lead the Portland Trail Blazers to a 96-91 win over the Utah Jazz on Monday night. The Trail Blazers enjoyed some rare road success, as they entered Monday's game as losers of seven of their last eight games away from home.  Andre Miller  had 17 points with nine of them coming in the fourth quarter. Former Jazz  Wesley Matthews  had 14 points against his former team. The Jazz were led by  Deron Williams , who had 31 points and six assists. QUOTABLE:  "We need that. We've seen that. He is developing into 'that guy,' that go-to guy. I thought tonight he played with a lot of confidence. He got deep in the paint and didn't settle. Most of his attempts were in the paint, and he made good decisions."   -- Blazers coach  Nate McMillan  on Aldridge's play against the Jazz. THE STAT:  41-31. The Blazers' rebounding was a big factor in their win, as they had a 41-31 edge on the boards over Utah. They had 10 offensive rebounds, which they turned into 13 second-chance points.  Marcus Camby  was a monster on the boards, as he had 12 rebounds in less than 23 minutes before he left the game with a sprained ankle. TURNING POINT:  Portland dominated the fourth quarter. A 3-pointer by  Patrick Mills  gave the Blazers the lead for good at 73-70, and his shot was part of a 9-2 run. A jumper by Aldridge gave Portland an 87-79 lead, and the Blazers held off a late flurry by Williams to hold on for the victory. QUOTABLE II:  "They took the life out of us and busted us in the mouth and everything else. We fell out like flies. When you play games at home like this in your building, you've got to be a little bit tougher than what we were."   -- Jazz coach  Jerry Sloan  on the Blazers' hard-nosed play on Monday night. HOT:  Williams was Utah's only consistent threat on offense, as he shot 11-for-16. He scored 11 of the Jazz's 25 points in the fourth quarter.  Rudy Fernandez  sparked the Blazers off the bench with 13 points on 4-for-5 shooting. NOT:   C.J. Miles  had an off shooting night for the Jazz, as he was 4-for-12 from the field. Utah shot 33 percent in the fourth quarter. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Aldridge has become Portland's go-to guy with  Brandon Roy  out of the lineup, and he's also emerging as a fantasy standout for his owners. He bounced back from a mediocre effort (15 points, eight rebounds) against Golden State to put up big numbers against Utah. Prior to the Blazers' loss to the Warriors, he averaged 29.3 points and 12.3 rebounds in their four previous games. GOOD MOVE:  The Blazers signing Matthews away during the offseason paid dividends for them on Monday. Matthews overcame a tough first half to contribute to Portland's win. He had 10 points after halftime and six of his eight rebounds after the break. BAD MOVE:  The Jazz could have used  Andrei Kirilenko 's versatility during the decisive fourth quarter, but he didn't play a second in the final period. Although Kirilenko had a tough shooting night (1-for-5), his energy was missed by the Jazz when Portland pulled away. ROOKIE WATCH:  Jazz first-year player  Gordon Hayward  played the entire fourth quarter after sitting all of the first three quarters. He played instead of Kirilenko during crunch time, and scored four points -- all of which game at the free-throw line. NOTABLE:  Portland broke a five-game losing streak against Utah dating back to last season. The Blazers have held their opponent to less than 100 points in 15 of their 16 wins. It was Williams' seventh 30-plus scoring night this season. The Jazz are 0-2 when they've had more than three days off. Monday's game was their first game in four nights. UP NEXT:  For the Trail Blazers, Tuesday @ Nuggets, Thursday vs. Jazz, Sunday vs. Rockets. For the Jazz, Wednesday @ Clippers, Thursday @ Trail Blazers, Saturday vs. Grizzlies.  