Notebook: Heat 102, Sixers 93 
 
 
 Zachary Paul, for NBA.com   
 
Posted Fri Mar 08, 2013 11:21 PM - Updated Fri Mar 08, 2013 11:21 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:   The Miami Heat improved their franchise-record winning streak  to 17, defeating the Philadelphia 76ers 102-93 Friday at AmericanAirlines Arena and tying the Los Angeles Clippers for the longest winning streak in the NBA this season. 
 For the second straight game, the Heat toyed with an inferior opponent. They trailed after three quarters before turning it on in the fourth.  LeBron James  led all scorers with 25 points and also had 10 rebounds and five assists. Guard  Dwyane Wade  finished with 22 points and four assists while center  Chris Bosh  added 16 points and four rebounds.  
 The Sixers were led by  Thaddeus Young 's 25 points.  
 The Heat will go for win No. 18 Sunday against the Pacers, the last team to defeat them. Indiana won 100-85 Feb. 1 at Bankers Life Fieldhouse. The Pacers lead the season series 2-0.  
 
 QUOTABLE:   It was good teamwork, particularly in the second half ... Probably more than anything in the first half that got us in trouble was our offense. It's happened three straight games now. We're not used to that ... The second half, only five turnovers. Our game was much more efficient."  
 -- Heat coach  Erik Spoelstra   
 
 
 THE STAT:   The Heat had five players in double-figures, including  Shane Battier  (11) and  Ray Allen  (12).  
 
 TURNING POINT:  Trailing 77-76, the Heat took control with a 10-0 run early in the fourth quarter. The Heat started the quarter by scoring 13 of the first 17 points.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "LeBron James just grabbed the game. He had a big 3-pointer at the end of the (third) quarter and then they put him to guard Jrue Holiday. So he did it on both ends of the floor."  
  -- Sixers coach  Doug Collins    
 
 
 HOT:  It was a little later than usual, but James put together yet another efficient game. Most of it came in the fourth quarter when the Heat finally pulled away. James had such a strong finish he was able to sit half the final period.  
 
 NOT:   The Sixers got little from guard  Evan Turner  and center  Spencer Hawes . Turner was unable to provide much offense while Hawes took a few questionable shots and struggled to defend Bosh.   
 
 GOOD MOVE:  The Heat are starting to get used to playing from behind, especially against inferior opponents. They have struggled against the likes of the Magic, Kings and Timberwolves, but continue not to panic. They once again rallied with ease versus the Sixers.  
 
 BAD MOVE:  The Sixers had no answer once they cooled from the 3-point line. Philadelphia's offense took a hit once the Heat made the proper second-half adjustments. It was the biggest reason for their struggles, especially in the fourth quarter.  
 
 NOTABLE:  The Heat improved to 28-3 at home ... The Sixers have been held to under 100 points for nine straight games ... Philadelphia dropped its 12 straight game on the road ...  Shane Battier' s streak of 3-pointer attempted with a two-point shot ended at 44.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Sunday vs. Pacers, Tuesday vs. Hawks, Wednesday @ Sixers. For the Sixers, Sunday @ Magic, Monday vs. Nets, Wednesday vs. Heat. Sixers. 
