Notebook: Nets 105, Bobcats 96 
 
 
 Jake Appleman, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Apr 06, 2013 11:12 PM - Updated Sat Apr 06, 2013 11:12 PM 
 
 THE FACTS :  Deron Williams  and the Brooklyn Nets fended off the Charlotte Bobcats down the stretch in a 105-96 win Saturday night at Barclays Center.  
 Williams (32 points, six assists) has now scored 30 or more points -- and 20 in the second half -- for the second straight home game for the Nets (44-32).  Brook Lopez  chipped in 19 points, while  Reggie Evans  finished with 14 points and 20 rebounds.  Ben Gordon , who was central in trade rumors involving the Bobcats (18-59) and Nets, got hot late and led the Bobcats with 27 points.  Gerald Henderson  (22, points, five assists, three rebounds) proved tough for the Nets to contain early on. With the win, the Nets moved 1.5 games ahead of the Bulls in the race for the Eastern Conference's fourth seed. 
 
 QUOTABLE : "One of the few intelligent things I've said this season was [that] Deron Williams was the only guy I wasn't worried about."  
 -- Nets interim coach  P.J. Carlesimo     
 
 
 THE STAT : The Nets outscored the Bobcats in the paint 52-32.   
 
 TURNING POINT : Williams got a very, very friendly roll on a spinning fadeaway in the lane to put the Nets up 97-94. The basket began a 10-2 run to close the game.   
 
 QUOTABLE II : "I think we were disappointed in ourselves that we didn't put them away early, but it really was a good test for us to have it go down to crunch time, a little silver lining." -- Brook Lopez  
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA : Williams gave a short speech about autism awareness before the game. ...The scoreboard kept fans up in tune with what was happening during the Final Four in Atlanta.  
 
 ROOKIE WATCH :  Michael Kidd-Gilchrist  put up six points and six rebounds in just under 19 minutes of action.    
 
 NOTABLE: Andray Blatche  (16 points, seven rebounds) scored the Nets' first eight points of the second quarter. ... In his second game back for Brooklyn after missing five with various ailments,  Joe Johnson  scored 15 points on 5-for-16 shooting. ... Evans lost a tooth early in the third quarter but kept on playing. ... The Nets have now won seven straight -- including four in a row at home -- against the Bobcats.  
 
 UP NEXT : For the Bobcats, Tuesday @ Memphis, Friday @ Detroit, Saturday vs. Milwaukee. For the Nets, Tuesday vs. Philadelphia, Wednesday @ Boston, Friday @ Indiana.  
