
 Pacers-Timberwolves notebook   By Tom Coyer, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday March 9, 2011 11:24PM THE FACTS:   Kevin Love  notched his 52nd consecutive double-double and led the Minnesota Timberwolves to a 75-101 win over the struggling Indiana Pacers. Love's 16 points and 21 rebounds moved him past  Moses Malone's  streak of 51 set in 1979 and is the longest since the NBA/ABA merger in 1976.  Michael Beasley  also scored 16 in just 22 minutes for the Wolves. In spite of losing its fifth straight, Indiana still holds the No. 8 seed in the Eastern Conference. QUOTABLE:  "MVP, MVP, MVP," was the chant coming from the Minnesota home crown for the second consecutive game. This is a bit absurd for a team with 50 losses, but Love was very appreciative of the crowd support, especially the standing ovation. "They have been great all year but like I said, they are a funny crowd." THE STAT:  This was an awful shooting performance by the visiting Pacers. In the first quarter Indiana went 7:52 without making a field goal missing on 14 consecutive shots. The Pacers set season lows field goals made (24) and field goal percentage (29.6%), they did however manage to avoid their season low in points which is 73. TURNING POINT:  This game was pretty much all Minnesota from the tip. Indiana did hold a 4-6 lead at the 9:53 mark in the first quarter. From there, Minnesota went on an 18-3 run and the game was rarely within 10 points during the final three quarters, with the Timberwolves leading by as much as 30. QUOTABLE II:   Tyler Hansbrough  laughed about how, in spite of their recent losing streak, the Pacers are still currently an Eastern Conference playoff team. "It's unbelievable, but yeah we're still in the playoffs as of right now. That's why we need to turn things around quickly." NOT:   Danny Granger  has really been struggling from the floor lately. During the four games leading up to tonight he had been shooting just 34 percent (17/50). Tonight he was much worse making just two shots out of his 19 attempts (10.5 percent). NOTABLE:  Love's streak of 52 consecutive double-doubles, a modern era record, is impressive just on it's own, but Love also set the Timberwolves single-season record for offensive rebounds in just the 66th game of the season. In the third quarter Love passed  Al Jefferson's  single-season mark of 308 offensive rebounds. He is also just 94 total rebounds away from the team's single season record of 1,139 total rebounds set by  Kevin Garnett . UP NEXT:  For the Pacers, Friday @ Raptors, Sunday @ Knicks, Tuesday vs. Knicks. For the Wolves, Friday vs. Jazz, Sunday @ Warriors, Wednesday @ Jazz. 
