Notebook: Thunder 115, Timberwolves 111 
 
 
 Peter Kapsner, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Jan 04, 2014 11:53 PM - Updated Sat Jan 04, 2014 11:53 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  Kevin Durant  makes sure the Thunder avoid losing three in a row for the first time in nearly a year. 
 
 THE LEAD:  Durant played one-on-five for most of the night and his 48 points were enough to lift the Thunder over the Timberwolves 115-111 at Target Center.  Even though all five starters for the Wolves scored in double figures, led by  Nikola Pekovic  with 31 points and  Kevin Love  with 30, they couldn't overcome Durant's spectacular array of pull-up jumpers, free throws, runners, 3-pointers, and drives to the hoop.  
 The game was tight for most of the night, including the last minute. After Durant hit a jumper with four seconds remaining to put the Thunder up two, Love got fouled on a 3-point attempt with 2.2 seconds left and a chance to put the Wolves ahead. Instead, he missed all three free throws (the last one intentionally), and the Wolves were finished.  Derek Fisher  added 13 points, helping Durant and the Thunder avoid their first three-game losing streak since February.   
 
 QUOTABLE I:  "He (Durant) is a great player. He makes shots from a lot of different angles. He puts a lot of pressure on you. When he gets it going like that, he's pulling up from 30-35 feet and knocking them down."  
 -- Minnesota coach Rick Adelman 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Thunder went 27-for-28 from the charity stripe, outscoring the Wolves by nine points from the line. The Wolves own a +8.39 differential in free throws made this year (the best spread since 1970-71), so the Thunder's ability to outscore the Wolves at the line proved enormous -- particularly with Love missing four free throws in the final minute. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "First time in my career in a situation like that where I missed four straight. I'm an 80-85 percent free-throw shooter. I make that shot a number of times, but tonight it didn't fall."  
 -- Kevin Love 
 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Durant was blistering the Wolves from all over the court in the fourth quarter, but the biggest basket may have come from  Jeremy Lamb  on a put-back when Durant finally missed with 1:19 left. Lamb's basket gave the Thunder their first lead since midway through the second quarter. 
 
 HOT:  Pekovic has been on a great run. With Saturday's big line, he's now averaging 24.3 points and 10.7 rebounds over his last eight games.  
 
 NOT:  The Wolves bench continues to be downright D-League. They were outscored 36-5 by the Thunder bench, and often didn't look like they belonged on an NBA court. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  With  Reggie Jackson  in foul trouble throughout the night, coach Thunder coach  Scott Brooks  leaned on Fisher for 25 minutes -- 10 more than his season average. Fisher responded with eight of his 13 points in the third quarter and kept the Thunder in the game. 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  Though injured,  Russell Westbrook  traveled with the team and sat on the Thunder bench. He apparently did more than just watch the game as Durant gave him credit for his hot play.   
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "First half I had to be more aggressive. ... I was hanging my head. My teammates kept me encouraged and Russell was great on the bench as a coach for me and helped me out."  
 -- Kevin Durant 
 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Timberwolves rookie  Shabazz Muhammad  was assigned to the NBA D-League. He has played just 42 minutes this season. For OKC, center  Steven Adams  had 10 points, nine rebounds and a pair of blocks in 15 minutes.  
 
 NOTABLE:  Love rejected Durant on a dunk attempt late in the first quarter.  Serge Ibaka  returned the favor on a Love dunk attempt in the second. ... Jackson's timing with Durant is not Westbrook-like as he threw an alley-oop into the crowd in the second quarter while Durant stood still. ...  Chase Budinger  is still out after knee surgery with no timetable for his return. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Wolves, Monday @ Philadelphia, Wednesday vs. Phoenix, Friday vs. Charlotte.  For the Thunder, Sunday vs. Boston, Tuesday @ Utah, Thursday @ Denver. 
