  Notebook: Heat 108, Nets 78 Posted Tuesday March 6, 2012 10:43PM By Shandel Richardson, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The Miami Heat defeated the New Jersey Nets 108-78 Tuesday at AmericanAirlines Arena. Despite guard  Dwyane Wade  not playing the second half, the Heat were in control throughout. Forward  Chris Bosh  scored 20 points in his first game since missing the past three to attend the funeral of his grandmother. Forward  LeBron James  scored 11 of his 21 points in the second half to help offset the loss of Wade, who left in the second quarter with a sprained right ankle. The Heat led by as many as 39 points, stopping their two-game losing skid. The Nets were short-handed, with center  Brook Lopez  sidelined with a sprained ankle. Not even a repeat performance by guard  Deron Williams  could have helped the Nets. Williams, coming off a 57-point effort against the Charlotte Bobcats, finished with a team-high 16 points and four assists. The Heat finished with six players in double-figures, including second-year center  Dexter Pittman  scoring a career-high 10 points and grabbing six rebounds. QUOTABLE:  "That's the thing I love about this game. Even if it's just for a couple hours, you get to just go out there and live your dream and be who you're meant to be, do what you were put on this Earth to do. It's always good to just have that just to get away just for a little bit. I've been looking forward to it for a while. I wanted to get back out there in the worst way."   -- Heat forward Chris Bosh on returning after missing three games because his grandmother's death. THE STAT:  The Heat shot 65.9 percent in the first half, including 5-for-8 on 3-pointers. The shooting surpassed their previous season-high of 65.7 percent against Boston Dec. 27. TURNING POINT:  The Heat led by 13 after the first quarter, but blew the game open with an 18-6 run to start the second quarter. Bosh led the spurt by scoring eight points, including a layup that made it 48-23 with 6:25 left. QUOTABLE II:  "We were down early and we were down late. They were about three steps quicker than us tonight. They played on a more of a playoff level and we played on more of a preseason level."   -- Nets coach  Avery Johnson . HOT:  Bosh showed no signs of rust after the long layoff. His last competitive game was Feb. 23 against the New York Knicks. Bosh made 8 of his first 11 attempts on his way to finishing 9-for-14 from the field. NOT:  Without Lopez, who was injured against the Bobcats, the Nets were lacking at center. They went from a player averaging 27 points the past three games to  Shelden Williams , who finished with zero points in 17 minutes. GOOD MOVE:  Before the game, Miami coach  Erik Spoelstra  was critical of the Heat becoming a jump-shooting team in during their two-game losing skid. The difference was evident with the team attacking the basket more. Wade scored his first six points on layups or dunks. He and James combined to shoot just one 3-pointer, a halfcourt heave by James at the end of the third quarter. BAD MOVE:  The Nets fell behind too early. Much of that could be attributed to their poor first-half shooting, where they shot just 38 percent in. The only brief spurt was a 10-2 run late in the third quarter, cutting the Heat's lead to 23. NOTABLE:  The Heat won 10 straight at home, the last loss coming Jan. 22 against the Milwaukee Bucks. They have defeated the Nets nine straight times. The Nets offered no further update on Lopez, who is expected to miss three weeks with the injury. Wade is expected to play Wednesday against the Atlanta Hawks. He said he could have returned Tuesday if the outcome wasn't already decided. The Heat are 21-2 when they score at least 100 points. UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Wednesday vs. Atlanta, Saturday vs. Indiana, Tuesday @ Orlando. For the Nets, Wednesday vs. L.A. Clippers, Friday @ Charlotte, Saturday vs. Houston.  