  Notebook: Jazz 104, Rockets 83 Posted Thursday March 1, 2012 12:19AM By Andrew Aragon, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The Utah Jazz's Jekyll and Hyde (solid at home, below average on the road) act continued on Wednesday night when they beat the Houston Rockets 104-83. The good Jazz snapped a four-game losing streak as  C.J. Miles  scored a season-high 27 points and point guard  Devin Harris  had one of his best games of the season with 19 points and three assists. Utah is 13-6 at home and 3-12 on the road. Luis Scola  had 18 points and 10 rebounds to lead the Rockets, who had a four-game winning streak ended. QUOTABLE:  "Energy. I think that fight is the biggest thing. Not to say we don't play hard on the road, but it's a different level. A lot of teams have that because you have your home fans and your comfort level, and some guys always play better at home. I think we just have to find a way to bring that fight on the road, a little bit of that attitude and that swagger, like the rim is 10 feet here and it's 10 feet there."   -- Jazz forward Miles on the difference between his team at home and on the road so far this season. THE STAT:  Before Wednesday's game, Houston coach  Kevin McHale  said his team's rebounding woes were "going to come back and bite us if we don't take care of business." It finally bit them. The Jazz had a 50-34 rebounding edge over the Rockets. It was the eighth straight game the Rockets were outrebounded by an opponent. TURNING POINT:  Harris took over when he reentered the game with 4:30 left in the second quarter. He started pushing tempo to help the Jazz break out of a lethargic start. He drew three fouls, went 6-for-6 from the free-throw line, had eight points and grabbed two rebounds in the final three minutes of the second quarter. Utah trailed 40-37 with Harris on the bench, and he was instrumental in the Jazz taking a 49-44 lead into halftime. HOT:  Scola played like King Luis Scola in the first quarter. He shot 6-for-9, scored 12 points and collected five rebounds. ... Slam Dunk champion  Jeremy Evans  played for the first time since winning the prestigious contest. He entered the game in the first quarter and committed two turnovers in his first 90 seconds. But he eventually redeemed himself with two -- what else? -- dunks and a thunderous block on an attempted dunk by  Goran Dragic  in the fourth quarter. He finished with seven rebounds. NOT:  After Dragic drained a 3-pointer to make it 36-30 with 7:31 left in the second quarter, the Rockets went ice cold. They shot 2-for-13 the rest of the period while getting outscored 19-8. After shooting 52 percent in the first quarter, the Rockets shot 33 percent the rest of the way. QUOTABLE II:  "He's getting more and more comfortable with seeing things with what he can do and what we want him to do. He's continuing to get better and we're going to need him to continue to grow."   -- Jazz coach  Tyrone Corbin  on the play of Harris. GOOD MOVE:  Harris has done little to make Jazz fans forget  Deron Williams , but he showed how effective he can be when he plays to his strengths as he did against the Rockets. He was aggressive in getting to the basket and drawing fouls, and ran the offense efficiently in the half court. FANTASY WATCH:   Kevin Martin 's fantasy owners aren't too pleased with him. He only scored six points, down from his 17.9 per game average. His shooting percentage was lousy, as he went 0-for-4 from 3-point range and 2-for-10 overall. NOTABLE:  Wednesday was declared "Jeremy Evans Day" in Utah by Utah  Governor Gary R. Herbert  to honor Evans' winning the Sprite Slam Dunk contest. The declaration was made on Wednesday because it was Leap Day. Evans was honored before the game. ... Harris left the game with 3:53 left in the third quarter because of nausea and did not return. ...  DeMarre Carroll  played for the first time since signing with the Jazz on Feb. 8. He had two points and two rebounds in three minutes. ... The Jazz outscored the Rockets 50-14 in the paint in the final three quarters. ... Utah is 9-2 when holding opponents to fewer than 90 points. UP NEXT:  For the Rockets, Friday vs. Denver, Sunday vs. L.A. Clippers, Tuesday @ Boston. For the Jazz, Friday vs. Miami, Saturday @ Dallas, Monday @ Cleveland.  