  Celtics-Heat notebook   By Shandel D. Richardson, for NBA.com Posted Sunday April 10, 2011 7:47PM THE FACTS:  The Miami Heat defeated the Boston Celtics 100-77 Sunday at AmericanAirlines Arena. Forward  LeBron James  scored a game-high 27 points while guard  Dwyane Wade  added 13 and forward  Chris Bosh  had 13. After falling behind early, the Heat took control in the third quarter and picked up their first victory against the Celtics this season. They had lost three previous three meetings. The win gives the Heat the inside the track on the No. 2 seed in the Eastern Conference playoffs.  Paul Pierce  led the Celtics with 24 points while  Kevin Garnett  added 21. QUOTABLE:  "We're not done. It would mean nothing to take care of this game, for us not to finish off the next two."  --  Heat coach  Erik Spoelstra. THE STAT:  The Heat's bench has been often criticized, but it scored 32 points today. The play from  Mario Chalmers ,  Juwan Howard  and  Joel Anthony  eased the burden on Wade, Bosh and James. It was one of the Heat's complete efforts from the supporting cast. TURNING POINT:  The key to the game was the Heat's ability to contain  Rajon Rondo . After having big performances in the first three games, he finished with just seven points and five assists. The Heat were able to do it with solid efforts on the defensive end from Chalmers and  Mike Bibby .  HOT:  His numbers don't appear here often, but Joel Anthony was the Heat's unsung hero. Spoelstra has said all season how his effort often goes unnoticed because it doesn't appear in the box score. Anthony finished with seven points and 10 rebounds while also playing solid defense on Celtics forward Kevin Garnett. NOT:  Rajon Rondo and  Ray Allen  were virtually non-factors. They finished a combined 7 of 17 from the field for 20 points. Rondo's number were especially damaging because the Celtics rely so much on him as a distributor. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  LeBron James was an efficient 11 of 19 from the field, scoring 27 points. He also had seven assists, five rebounds and four steals. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Actress  Gabrielle Union , tennis star  Serena Williams , rapper  Drake  were among a handful of stars on hand to see this matchup.  GOOD MOVE:  Spoelstra played Mario Chalmers a lot more in the second half to slow Rondo defensively. Then at one point he played Chalmers and Mike Bibby in the backcourt. Their effectiveness kept the Heat from having to use Dwyane Wade or LeBron James on Rondo. It kept them fresher on the offensive end. BAD MOVE:  The Celtics didn't play with their usual toughness. The Heat were often the aggressor, offensively and defensively. It was the first time the Heat was more the physical team. It showed with a 42-26 rebounding edge. NOTABLE:  Center  Zydrunas Ilgauskas  made his second straight start, replacing  Erick Dampier ...The Heat's win was their first over a top four opponent in the Eastern Conference since Feb. 3 (Orlando) ...Heat swingman  Mike Miller  sprained his left thumb. His status is unknown. UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Monday @ Atlanta, Wednesday @ Toronto. For the Celtics, Monday @ Washington, Wednesday @ New York.  