  Notebook: Bucks 105, Nets 99 Posted Monday March 12, 2012 11:14PM By Jake Appleman, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The Nets couldn't sustain an excellent first half and lost to the Bucks 105-99 at Prudential Center. Felled by  Brandon Jennings  (34 points, seven rebounds, seven assists) and a dominant third quarter from  Drew Gooden  (5-6 for 11 points in the frame), the loss wasted a phenomenal performance from  Kris Humphries , who posted a career-high 31 points and was one rebound shy of his personal best with 18. Humphries also neutralized  Ersan Ilyasova  (four points, three rebounds), who notched career highs of his own with 29 points and 25 rebounds when the teams last met in Newark three weeks ago. With the victory and a loss by the Knicks, the Bucks are now tied for the eighth spot in the Eastern Conference. QUOTABLE:  "It's just a constant change and change and adapt; kind of the story of this season for us."   --  Humphries, discussing how the Nets play differently with and without their two top offensive players,  Deron Williams  and  Brook Lopez . Both missed Monday's loss. THE STAT:  Humphries became the fifth Net since 1985-86 to post a 31-18 line, joining  Mike Gminski, Sam Bowie, Buck Williams  and  Derrick Coleman . TURNING POINT:  The Nets came out sluggish in the third quarter, as a seven-point halftime lead shrunk early on and finally evaporated when the Bucks'  Beno Udrih  sank a corner 3-pointer to end the frame. Jennings then drilled a 3-pointer to start the fourth quarter which gave the Bucks their first lead. QUOTEABLE II:  "I don't mean to analyze his game, but it's pretty simple: He's going to take roughly the same type of shots every night, and if they go in he has a big game. If they don't, he doesn't."   --  Bucks head coach  Scott Skiles , on Jennings. QUOTEABLE III:  "We didn't come out of the locker room after halftime with the right mindset."   --  Nets head coach  Avery Johnson. INSIDE THE ARENA: Justin Tuck  and  Ahmad Bradshaw  of the Super Bowl champion New York Giants sat courtside...The sights and sounds of the game were very easy to hear from a close distance. Humphries responded to an overly concerned fan by humorously saying, "I know, relax." Gooden yelled "watch out!" at the nearby Udrih after defensive corralling a rebound late in the second quarter; perhaps the idea being that he was going to clear space with his elbows. Parts of an ongoing conversation between  Mike Dunleavy Jr.  and officials, regarding  Gerald Green's  propensity to hook Dunleavy on drives to the basket, were also audible. ROOKIE WATCH: Tobias Harris  and  Jon Leuer  made minimal impact for the Bucks, while  MarShon Brooks  had a substandard performance for the Nets. NOTABLE:  Humphries scored six points as the Nets raced out to an early 8-2 lead...Ilyasova didn't register a positive stat until the first play of the second quarter, mostly thanks to picking up two early fouls. After the game Skiles noted that Ilyasova, who has carried the Bucks lately en route to winning the Eastern Conference Player of the Week award, was tired on the second night of a back-to-back...Humphries tied his previous career high for points (25) less than five minutes into the third quarter...Udrih finished with a season-high 15 points...Four Bucks (Gooden, Jennings, Udrih, Dunleavy) had at least six assists...Jennings's 34 points were the most the Nets have given up this season. UP NEXT:  For the Bucks, Wednesday vs. Cleveland, Friday @ Golden State, Tuesday @ Portland. For the Nets, Wednesday vs. Toronto, Friday @ Orlando, Saturday vs. New Orleans.  