  Suns-Trail Blazers notebook   By Kerry Eggers, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday December 8, 2010 1:43AM THE FACTS:  The Trail Blazers salted away the game with 10 straight free throws over the final 42 seconds to preserve a 106-99 victory over Phoenix  on Tuesday night at the Rose Garden. It was the second straight win for Portland (10-11) after a six-game losing streak. QUOTABLE:  "The second half, we made plays. We got stops, we made shots, we executed down the stretch. We score 37 points in the fourth quarter. Those are the kind of things we need to do to win. it was good to see that."    -- Portland coach  Nate McMillan THE STAT:  Portland made 32 of 33 free throws, including 24 of 25 in the second half and 17 of 17 in the fourth quarter. TURNING POINT:  The game was tied 89-89 with four minutes left when  LaMarcus Aldridge  blocked a  Jared Dudley  shot, then made a pair of free throws at the other end to start a 7-0 run. QUOTABLE II:  "I want to get me a  Patty Mills  jersey."    -- Portland's  Marcus Camby , kidding his teammate after Mills came off the bench to score a season-high nine points and get career highs in minutes (28), assists (seven) and rebounds (three). HOT: Rudy Fernandez  scored 11 points in a span of 2:45 in the first half, including 3-pointers on successive possessions. NOT:  Phoenix's  Jason Richardson , often a Blazer-killer, was a non-factor, contributing six points, two rebounds and one assist in 24 minutes. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT: Brandon Roy  had one of his most productive games of the season with 20 points, five rebounds and five assists in 38 minutes. GOOD MOVE:  McMillan used backup point guard Mills in his normal role off the bench instead of inserting him in the starting lineup for the suspended  Andre Miller . Mills came through with nine points, seven assists and three rebounds in 29 minutes. BAD MOVE:  Twice down the stretch,  Steve Nash  -- who otherwise had an outstanding game -- tried to dish off passes on the drive that were intercepted. He finished with six turnovers. NOTABLE:  Andre Miller sat out the game after an incident with Clippers rookie  Blake Griffin  on Sunday night. It ended Miller's consecutive-game streak at 632 -- longest for a current NBA player. UP NEXT:  For the Blazers, Thursday vs. Orlando, Friday @ Phoenix, Sunday @ San Antonio; For the Suns, Wednesday vs. Memphis, Friday vs. Portland, Dec. 15 vs. Wolves  