Notebook: Bucks 105, Celtics 98 
 
 
 Brian Robb, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Nov 01, 2013 11:43 PM - Updated Sat Nov 02, 2013 1:16 AM 
 
 THE FACT : The Bucks beat the Celtics for the second straight year in Boston's home opener.  
 
 THE LEAD : Rookie coach  Brad Stevens  failed to secure his first win in the NBA, as the Milwaukee Bucks overcame a 22-point second half deficit to escape with a 105-98 victory at the TD Garden.  Zaza Pachulia  captained the Bucks' (1-1) second unit, posting a game-high 20 points with nine rebounds as Milwaukee fought their way back in the second half for their first win of the year.  Brandon Bass  paced a balanced scoring attack for the Celtics (0-2) with 17 points, and rookie big man  Vitor Faverani  added 12 points and 18 rebounds, but it wasn't enough. 
 
 QUOTABLE : "Zaza brings physicality. He throws his body all over the place, and he was able to get in there and get some real good steals. Zaza played a terrific game." 
  --Bucks' coach  Larry Drew 
 
 
 THE STAT : The Celtics blew a 22-point in the second half during the defeat. The last time Boston blew that sizable a lead at home in a loss was all the way back in December 2003 against the Phoenix Suns.  
 
 TURNING POINT : After Bass put the Celtics up by three on a pair of free throws with just over two minutes remaining, the Bucks closed out the game with a 10-0 run, featuring six points from Pachulia. 
 
 QUOTABLE II : "We got selfish as a team. Instead of worrying about winning the ballgame, we were worried about stats and getting points." 
 -- Gerald Wallace  on Boston's second half struggles 
 
 HOT :  Bass -- Boston's starting power forward has barely missed over his first two games of action, burying six of his first seven shots Friday night. He is shooting a scorching 66.7 percent thus far this season.  
 
 NOT :  Caron Butler  -- Milwaukee's offseason trade acquisition from the Clippers failed to find his scoring touch over a dismal first half. The small forward missed all five of his attempts from the field, before coming alive in the fourth quarter.  
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT : Faverani -- The Brazilian big man filled up the box score in all areas, posting a double-double, while also tallying six blocks, an assist and a steal in just his second career NBA game.  
 
 ROOKIE WATCH :  Nate Wolters  -- The Bucks' second round pick impressed Drew in extended action at the point guard position, tallying 14 points and a game-high six assists over 29 minutes of action.  
 
 GOOD MOVE : Drew stuck with four members of his second unit for the final 17 minutes of the game, as they dug out from the deep hole the Bucks' starting five created at the beginning of each half.  
 
 NOTABLE :  Bill Russell  was honored at the conclusion of the first quarter with a tribute video and a standing ovation from the TD Garden after having his statue unveiled in City Hall Plaza before the game.  ...  Luke Ridnour  and  Brandon Knight  did not suit up for the Bucks due to injury. ...  Jared Sullinger  made his season debut after a one-game suspension for an offseason arrest. He tallied 10 points and three rebounds in 10 minutes. ... Boston led by as many as 22 points. ...  Avery Bradley  started at guard after passing concussion tests following a collision with  Kyle Lowry  in Toronto Wednesday night. ... The Bucks had just one turnover in the second half. ...The Bucks limited the Celtics to 21.2 percent shooting in the second half.       
 
 UP NEXT : For the Celtics, Sunday @ Detroit, Monday @ Memphis, Wednesday vs. Utah. For the Bucks, Saturday vs. Toronto, Wednesday vs. Cleveland, Saturday vs. Dallas.  
