  Cavs-Magic notebook   By Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com Posted Friday November 26, 2010 10:57PM THE FACTS:   Dwight Howard  led six Orlando players in double figures with 23 points and the Magic led almost all the way in a 111-100 victory over the Cleveland Cavaliers. The Magic shot 56 percent and made 13 of their first 22 3-point shots.  Antawn Jamison  came off the Cleveland bench for 22 points and  Mo Williams  added 20. QUOTABLE:  "There were five white jerseys and three with stripes, and it's hard to play against all of them out there... I just don't undertstand it. I know there's going to be some bad calls, I understand that's a part of the game. They are human. But you can't miss 'em all night, especially on one end." -- Cleveland coach  Byron Scott THE STAT:  Howard, who led the NBA in personal fouls (287) last season, has committed only three fouls in the last three games while shooting 47 free throws. TURNING POINT:  Three-pointers by Jamison and  Jamario Moon  had helped the Cavs trim Orlando's lead to nine early in the fourth quarter, but  Brandon Bass  made four straight jump shots and the Magic stretched it back to 14. QUOTABLE II:  "It seemed like every time we made that run, they would hit another big shot. It is a credit to those guys for being resilient and not allowing us to get back into the game and make it close." -- Cavs guard  Daniel Gibson HOT:  Nelson tried to set up Howard for a dunk by flipping an alley-oop pass over the rim, but it went into the basket. NOT:  Gibson, a 41 percent 3-point shooter on the season, missed all three attempts and shot 2-for-8 overall. GOOD MOVE:   J.J. Redick  has been a solid, if unspectacular, starting replacement for the injured  Vince Carter  in two games. He had 15 points and five assists in a game-high 37 minutes. BAD MOVE:  Scott apparently expects to hear from the league office about his postgame criticism of the officials. "My checkbook's OK," he said. QUOTABLE III:  "We were terrible defensively, terrible. I saw very few good things defensively. I'm very happy with the the win, but I'd like us to become a defensive team. We have very high goals, and we're not getting there playing defense like that." -- Magic coach  Stan Van Gundy FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  In a league of hot point guards, Nelson is shooting 55 percent over the last five games while averaging 15.6 points and 9.2 assists. NOTABLE:   Chris Duhon  had nine assists in only 20 minutes off the Magic bench ... After winning three straight road games, the Cavs have lost four straight. UP NEXT:  For the Cavaliers, Saturday vs. Memphis, Tuesday vs. Boston, Thursday vs. Miami. For the Magic, Saturday @ Washington, Tuesday vs. Detroit, Wednesday @ Chicago.  