
 Bobcats-Clippers notebook   By Dan Arritt, for NBA.com Posted Sunday January 30, 2011 1:54AM THE FACTS:  With leading scorer  Eric Gordon  sidelined with a sprained right wrist for a few more weeks, the Los Angeles Clippers need  Randy Foye  to pick up some of the scoring slack. He came through again Saturday night, scoring a season-high 21 points to left the Clippers to a 103-88 victory against the streaking Charlotte Bobcats at Staples Center. QUOTABLE:  "I was feeling pretty good tonight. I just need to continue to play, to keep working and never be satisfied."   -- Randy Foye. THE STAT:  Since Gordon went down with the injury Jan. 22 against Golden State, Foye has recorded a season-high point total in each game. He scored 15 points Tuesday in a seven-point loss in Dallas, and 20 the following day in a 13-point loss in Houston. TURNING POINT:  With the Bobcats trailing by two points with about seven minutes remaining in the first half, the Clippers scored 11 straight points and then stretched the run to 16-2 on a put back by rookie  Blake Griffin . Six different Clippers scored during the run, and Charlotte didn't pull within single digits the rest of the game. QUOTABLE II:  "Defensively, we were not there. The Clippers had more energy than us."   -- Charlotte forward  Boris Diaw . HOT:  Another player who needs to bump up his scoring during Gordon's absence is small forward  Ryan Gomes . He came through against the Bobcats, scoring 18 points on 6-for-8 shooting, including 3-for-4 from beyond the 3-point stripe. NOT:  Clippers center  DeAndre Jordan  was saddled with foul trouble for most of the first half and finished with just four points and four rebounds, his least productive game in about eight weeks. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Griffin finished with a team-high 24 points and 10 rebounds. He was especially strong early on, scoring 15 points in the opening quarter, including a highlight-reel 360-degree spin and reverse lay up. He later dunked Foye's lob pass that was sent from the top of Charlotte's 3-point line. GOOD MOVE:  Beginning in the second quarter, Charlotte coach  Paul Silas  put seldom-used forward  Dominic McGuire  on Griffin and that seemed to slow down the rookie, limiting him to nine points the rest of the way. McGuire played 22 minutes, his longest run since Jan. 3 against Miami, and finished with five points, seven rebounds and three assists. BAD MOVE:  The Clippers led by 23 points after three quarters and were in good position to let the starters rest the remainder of the game, but the reserves gave up the first seven points of the fourth quarter, prompting Clippers coach  Vinny Del Negro  to reinsert Griffin et al. ROOKIE WATCH:  The other two rookies for the Clippers weren't so effective.  Eric Bledsoe  had two points and three assists and  Al Farouq-Aminu  had three points and one rebound, both off the bench. They were a combined 2-for-11 from the floor. NOTABLE:  The Clippers committed a season-low seven turnovers. Their previous low was eight against Orlando on Dec. 12. The Clippers have also won eight straight at home. The Bobcats, meanwhile, were trying for a franchise-best fifth straight road win. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Monday vs. Milwaukee, Wednesday vs. Chicago, Friday @ Atlanta. For the Bobcats, Monday @ Utah, Wednesday @ Detroit, Friday vs. Miami. 
