  Lakers-Kings notebook   By James Ham, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday December 27, 2011 1:46AM THE FACTS:  The Sacramento Kings handed the Los Angeles Lakers a 100-91 defeat in front of a loud and ruckus, sell-out home crowd.  Kobe Bryant  led all scorers with 29 points, but the Kings' backcourt of  Tyreke Evans  and  Marcus Thornton  answered with a combined 47 points on the night. QUOTABLE:  " Chuck Hayes  is the glue of this team. We knew he would be the glue when we signed him and he shows it everyday."   -- Coach  Paul Westphal THE STAT:  Outside of Bryant, the three other guards to play in the Lakers' backcourt combined for six points on 3-for-18 shooting, including 0-for-6 from 3-point range in just under 57 minutes of action. TURNING POINT:  With 5:59 remaining in the third quarter and the Kings leading 61-55, the Lakers'  Pau Gasol  picked up his fourth foul trying to draw a charge on  J.J. Hickson . Without an interior threat, the Kings went on to outscore the Lakers 17-9 in the final six minutes of the third to take a 78-64 score into the fourth quarter. GOOD MOVE:  Westphal giving rookie  Isaiah Thomas  some early burn against Lakers guard  Steve Blake . Thomas was fearless, going right at Blake on multiple possessions, coming away with five points and two assists in 13 minutes of play. ... Coach  Mike Brown 's decision to play  Matt Barnes  after a DNP-CD on Sunday. Barnes is a Sacramento native and gave the Lakers a tremendous boost with his toughness. BAD MOVE:  Westphal choosing  Travis Outlaw  to defend  Metta World Peace . The hoopster formally known as  Ron Artest  gave Outlaw fits to the tune of 19 points, on 8-for-14 shooting. NOTABLE: Jimmer Fredette  scored the first basket of his career with 1:36 left in the first quarter. The BYU product scored six points and dished out three assists in 26 minutes on the night. UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Tuesday vs.Utah, Thursday vs. New York, Saturday vs. Denver;  For the Kings, Tuesday @ Portland, Thursday vs. Chicago, Saturday vs. New York.  