  Magic-Wolves notebook   By Phil Miller, for NBA.com Posted Sunday January 16, 2011 12:07AM THE FACTS:   Ryan Anderson  scored 15 points and helped neutralize Wolves' forward  Kevin Love , leading the Orlando Magic to a slump-busting 108-99 victory in Target Center over the Minnesota Timberwolves on Saturday. Love notched his 27th consecutive double-double, but his 11 points and two offensive rebounds (among 15 total boards) were his fewest of each since Nov. 10.  Jason Richardson  and  J.J. Redick  each scored 21 points to help break Orlando's two-game losing streak.  Corey Brewer  led Minnesota, which was without forward  Michael Beasley  for the second straight game, with 23 points and five steals, both season highs. QUOTABLE:  "They've got a couple of MMA fighters on their team. We've only got one MMA fighter -- that's me. Do we like physical games? Yeah. I'm a very physical player. It's rare when you play a team with a couple guys like that."    --  Dwight Howard , on the bumping-and-shoving style of defense by Minnesota's  Darko Milicic  and  Nikola Pekovic , both of whom fouled out THE STAT:  37:06 -- Combined minutes played by Milicic and Pekovic, who committed 12 fouls in that time, all while guarding Howard. TURNING POINT:  The Magic slogged through an ugly first half, and trailed by seven at the break.  Stan Van Gundy  "let us know he's getting tired of the slow starts" at halftime, Ryan Anderson said of his coach's emphatic locker-room speech, and a motivated Orlando erased Minnesota's lead in less than four minutes, never to trail again. HOT:   Hedo Turkoglu  took only five shots from the field, but his defense on  Wesley Johnson  and  Martell Webster  (a combined 2-for-7) helped the veteran rack up a +30 plus/minus, more than double any of his teammates. NOT:  Second-year Minnesota guard  Jonny Flynn  continues to look lost on the floor as he tries to recover from offseason knee surgery. Flynn was 1-for-6 from the floor on Saturday, the 11th time in his last 12 games he has failed to make at least half his shots. Flynn is shooting 27.1 percent (16-for-59) since Dec. 20, and 19.2 percent (5-for-26) in his last five games.  INSIDE THE ARENA:  The game was delayed for three minutes in the third quarter when the Target Center lights went out. ... Minnesota Twins catcher  Drew Butera , an Orlando native, attended the game and visited with the Magic players afterward. ROOKIE WATCH:  Johnson was expected to flourish with Beasley sidelined this week, but he's fizzled in both games. Johnson, who scored only six points Thursday, committed three turnovers, all on ill-advised passes, in the first 4:21 of the third quarter Saturday, and was quickly bench. He never returned to the game, finishing with four points. NOTABLE:  The Magic have beaten Minnesota six consecutive games, and five straight times in Target Center. ... Love, who leads the NBA in rebounding, collected 15 boards, all but two on the defensive end. He had just four points and four rebounds after halftime. Love's 36 double-doubles this season matches his total for all of 2009-10. ... Redick scored 11 of his 21 points in the fourth quarter. ... Beasley's sprained left ankle kept him out of the Wolves' lineup for the second straight game, but coach  Kurt Rambis  said Beasley may return Monday in Portland. UP NEXT:  For the Magic, Monday @ Boston, Wednesday vs. Philadelphia, Friday vs. Toronto. For the Timberwolves, Monday @ Portland, Wednesday @ L.A. Clippers, Monday Jan. 24 vs. Houston.  