  Bucks-Nets notebook   By Jake Appleman, for NBA.com Posted Saturday January 8, 2011 10:45PM THE FACTS:  The Milwaukee Bucks waltzed into the Prudential Center and danced all over the hapless New Jersey Nets, 115-92. The Bucks were led by former Net  Chris Douglas-Roberts  (24 points, four rebounds) and  Ersan Ilyasova  (22 points, 13 rebounds).  Kris Humphries  (22 points, 8-for-12 from the floor, eight rebounds) played decent basketball in spite of the evident surrounding turmoil. QUOTABLE:  "I'm not hiding it at all. I really wanted to beat these guys."    -- Douglas-Roberts on defeating his former team THE STAT:  The two former Nets (Douglas-Roberts and Keyon Dooling) were a microcosm of the hot-shooting Bucks (58.3%), finishing a combined 13-21 from the floor. TURNING POINT:  Halftime. The Bucks outscored the Nets 33-20 in the decisive third quarter, turning a 10-point lead into an insurmountable 23-point bulge. QUOTABLE II:  "It's not like a  Magic Johnson  situation where he's a 6-foot-9 point guard and if he wants to post up he will dribble it down himself in the post and just take over."    --  Avery Johnson  on the struggles the Nets had getting  Brook Lopez  the ball in good positions FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Diminutive backup point guard  Earl Boykins  continued his resurgence, chipping in 17 points and six assists off the bench. INSIDE THE ARENA:  The Nets Dancers, lustrous in black spandex and glittery silver sneakers, performed a routine set to a techno remix of "(I've Had) The Time of My Life" from the film Dirty Dancing...After the outcome had been decided, a blooper reel ran on the Jumbotron with the Curb Your Enthusiasm theme playing over arena loudspeakers... ROOKIE WATCH:   Derrick Favors  (12 points, six rebounds) had nice stats, but turned in an inconsistent performance while  Larry Sanders  (six points, five rebounds) looked like the rest of the Bucks: much more acclimated to his surroundings. NOTABLE:   John Salmons  started the game by draining two 3-pointers and two free throws without missing; good for eight points in five minutes...The Bucks started the game on a 23-11 run... Chasing down a loose ball just before halftime,  Sasha Vujacic  almost crashed into a baby sitting courtside. Even stranger, the baby's father then pretended to fling the child back out on to the court...Boos rained down on the Nets when Douglas-Roberts stole the ball and converted an uncontested layup to give the Bucks a 75-50 lead midway through the third quarter...Three of the Nets' five starter failed to register an assist... Jordan Farmar  pitched in a very quiet 20 points and 10 assists, staring in place of  Devin Harris  (right quad contusion)... Andrew Bogut  (virus) didn't dress for the game. UP NEXT:  For the Bucks, Tuesday @ Atlanta, Wednesday vs. San Antonio, Friday @ Philadelphia. For the Nets, Wenesday at Phoenix, Friday at Los Angeles Lakers, Saturday at Portland.  