  Notebook: Bucks 112, Bobcats 92 Posted Friday March 23, 2012 10:30PM By Derek Smith, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The Milwaukee Bucks used a balanced scoring attack and dominated the paint Friday night at Time Warner Cable Arena and picked up a 112-92 win over the struggling Charlotte Bobcats.  Luc Mbah a Moute  led the Bucks with 20 points while  Gerald Henderson  scored a game-high 29 points for the Bobcats. QUOTABLE:  "We wanted to come out with a lot of energy tonight. When we move and share the ball we're a good team. We imparted our will out there and were able to get an easy win."  --  Mbah a Moute. THE STAT:  Owning the Paint. The Bucks dominated the interior on both ends of the court Friday night. Milwaukee had 72 points in the paint on 36-of-55 shooting compared to just 34 points in the paint for Charlotte. The Bucks also dominated the glass with a 47-37 edge. TURNING POINT:  The Milwaukee Bucks put together a 16-2 run between the first and second quarters that changed the game. Charlotte missed 11 straight shots during the run and Milwaukee scored 10 of the 15 in the paint. The run took Milwaukee from a five-point deficit to a 31-22 lead. The Bucks would never trail again in the game and the Bobcats got no closer than seven points. QUOTABLE II:  "We've got a comfortable group out there and wanted to use our depth to our advantage. It was a fun way to play. We knew that we needed to get this one and we did."  --  Milwaukee guard  Mike Dunleavy . HOT:  Mbah a Moute came off the bench and sank eight of 12 shots and scored a team-best 20 points. Mbah a Moute also added eight rebounds and a block. He's scored in double figures in three of the last four games and has had double-doubles in two of those games. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Henderson was the lone bright spot for the Bobcats tonight. He scored a season-best 29 points on 13-for-19 shooting and was a perfect three-for-three at the charity stripe. The shooting guard also added six boards, three assists and a steal. He is averaging 17.3 points in his last six games. INSIDE THE ARENA:  It was a Hardwood Classic game at Time Warner Cable Arena. The Bobcats wore retro jerseys inspired by the Carolina Cougars of the ABA and played period music throughout the game. Former Bobcats owner  Bob Johnson  was seated at center court for the game. ROOKIE WATCH: Kemba Walker  scored 13 points and was the second leading scorer on the Bobcats roster Friday. He has scored in double figures in four of the last six games and 28 times on the season. NOTABLE:  Bobcats forward  D.J. White  sprained his right toe in the first half and did not return ... The 29 points by Henderson matched the season-high by a Bobcats player this season ... Bobcats forward  Corey Maggette  scored in double figures for the 18th time in the last 19 games. He is averaging 17.2 points during that span ...  Drew Gooden  recorded his third double-double in five games with 14 points and 12 rebounds ... Milwaukee is averaging 113 points in its last six wins and shooting better than 50 percent in those games. They are 7-1 on the season when shooting better than 50 percent and 18-4 when hitting the century mark ... The 72 points in the paint scored by the Bucks was a season high. UP NEXT:  For the Bucks, Saturday vs. Indiana, Monday @ New York, Tuesday vs. Atlanta. For the Bobcats, Saturday @ New Jersey, Monday vs. Boston, Wednesday vs. Minnesota.  