  Sixers-Clippers notebook   By Bryan Chu, for NBA.com Posted Thursday March 17, 2011 2:15AM THE FACTS:  Tony Battie  smacked birthday boy  Blake Griffin  in the face, and a fight nearly broke out. Sixers coach  Doug Collins  was ejected. All that happened in the final two minutes of the second quarter as tensions were running high, but it was the Sixers who remained poised and responded in the second half, jumping all over the Clippers and eventually blowing them out 104-94 Wednesday at Staples Center. The Sixers (35-33) avoided a three-game losing skid with the help of  Jodie Meeks , who tallied a game-high 22 points.  Jrue Holiday , a UCLA product, had 20 points and nine assists. Former Clipper  Elton Brand  had a monster game with 19 points, 12 rebounds and five blocks. The Clippers (26-43) were led by  Randy Foye , who had 20 points. Griffin, who turned 22 years old, fouled out for the third time this season. He finished with 14 points on 3-for-12 shooting and 8-for-15 from the free throw line.  DeAndre Jordan  added 16 points and 15 rebounds. The play that will surely be played over and over was the foul by Battie on Griffin. It was a 2-on-1 fastbreak with Griffin driving to the basket. Meeks ran in front of Griffin, and then from behind Battie whacked Griffin in the face and took him to the floor. He continued to grab onto Griffin's jersey, prompting Griffin to react. The referees and players, however, jumped in before anything escalated. Battie was initially assessed a Flagrant Foul 2, but after the timeout, the referees downgraded the call to a Flagrant Foul 1. It appeared as if Battie was holding on to Griffin's jersey to prevent a harder crash to the floor. In the brief skirmish, Jordan was given a technical foul. There were nine fouls in the final 2:38 of the second quarter. After a testy first half, the Sixers came out reinvigorated in the third period, pounding the Clippers with a 26-8 run to take a 77-59 lead. Philadelphia, which outscored Los Angeles 30-19 in the third period, shot 66.7 percent from the field in that period. QUOTABLE:  "I thought it was kind of crazy. Just being in LA, you kind of witness crazy things anyway. Even though it was emotional. I thought it was crazy. It was kind of fun. Coach [Collins] getting ejected definitely lit a fire."  --  Holiday told NBA.com on the final minutes of the second quarter and its impact on the team. THE STAT:  0.7 -- In less than a second, Battie picked up three fouls (two loose ball and one shooting) and Collins picked up a pair of technicals and was ejected. The Clippers couldn't capitalize with this whistle fest as they went 2-for-8 from the line. THE STAT II:  19 -- The number of free throws the Clippers shot in the second quarter alone. They only converted seven (36.8 percent). TURNING POINT:  Collins getting ejected in the second quarter. QUOTABLE II:  "I sure didn't want to get ejected, but I just felt like I had to stand up for our guys. They were great. They responded."  --  Collins on his early exit. HOT:  Meeks, who is in his second season with Philadelphia, has now scored in double figures in his last 10 games. During that span he is averaging 14.9 points. En route to his game-high 22 points, which was just two shy of tying his career high, against the Clippers, Meeks also tied a career-high in 3-pointers made with five. NOT:  The Clippers as a team shot 18-for-34 (52.9 percent) from the free throw line. Griffin and Jordan combined to go 12-for-25 from the charity stripe (48 percent). QUOTABLE III:  "(The Sixers) pretty much manhandled us through the whole game."  --  Foye on the loss. FANTASY   SPOTLIGHT:  Sixers forward  Andre Iguodala  was questionable coming into the game with soreness in his right knee. He finished the game with nine points on 4-for-13 shooting and eight assists in 33 minutes of play. After the game, he was seen limping and had ice on his left knee. GOOD MOVE:  Assistant coach  Michael Curry  stepped in for Collins in the second half and made a solid decision of putting Meeks on Clippers guard  Mo Williams , who was held to just six points in the second half. NOTABLE:  Clippers guard  Eric Gordon , who has missed the last five games because of a sprained right wrist, is feeling better and has been shooting recently. "I expect him to play this weekend, on Saturday [against the Cavaliers]," Clippers coach  Vinny Del Negro  said. "We'll see how he does tomorrow with his workout and make it a day-to-day thing. It's up to him on how he feels. How comfortable he is. We don't want any setbacks." Gordon missed 18 games just last month with that same injury to his wrist. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Saturday vs. Cleveland, Sunday vs. Phoenix, Wednesday vs. Washington. For the Sixers, Friday @ Sacramento, Saturday @ Portland, Wednesday vs. Atlanta.  