
 Nets-Bucks notebook   By Rick Braun, for NBA.com Posted Saturday March 19, 2011 12:03AM THE FACTS: Carlos Delfino  made a career-high eight 3-pointers and tied his season high with 26 points, and  John Salmons  added 25 points as the Milwaukee Bucks scored a 110-95 victory over the New Jersey Nets Friday night in Milwaukee to snap a three-game losing streak. QUOTABLE:  "I guess it was one of those days. You start hitting the first shots and then your teammates are doing the job to find you."  --  Delfino on his 8-of-11 night on 3-pointers. THE STAT:  The Bucks shot 56.8 percent from the field, their second-best shooting night of the season. Their best shooting performance came back on Jan. 8 when they shot 58.3 percent -- also against the Nets. TURNING POINT:  With the score tied, 59-59, after New Jersey's  Anthony Morrow  scored on a layup, Delfino gave the Bucks the lead for good with a 3-pointer with 8:05 left in the third, then added two more threes over the next 2 1/2 minutes to give Milwaukee a 70-63 lead. The Nets crept within 74-73, but the Bucks scored the last six points of the third quarter and never led by less than four the rest of the way. QUOTABLE II:  "That opens up the floor for us. Carlos' shooting really opens up the floor for me, and  Brandon (Jennings ) can get into the paint and finish. When we do that, I guess that was (general manager)  John Hammond's  vision for the team that that's how it should be every game. Obviously it doesn't work that way in the NBA, but we've got shooters, we've got an inside presence and we've got a good point guard, so hopefully we can keep it up."  --  Bucks center  Andrew Bogut  on the effectiveness of Delfino and Salmons and how it opened things for everyone. HOT:  Salmons made 11 of 16 shots from the field, his best percentage performance of the season, and is now 21 for 35 (60 percent) in his last two games. Prior to those two games he was shooting 39 percent (268 for 687). NOT:  Nets point guard  Deron Williams  made just 4 of 13 from the field. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Along with his 26 points and eight 3-pointers, Delfino added eight rebounds, three assists and three steals. ROOKIE WATCH:   Larry Sanders  played 11 1/2 minutes but went just 1-for-5 from the floor. He did grab three rebounds, however, after going without a rebound in 18 minutes Wednesday night. NOTABLE:  Nets guard Deron Williams has been hampered by a sore right wrist and talked after the game of the possibility he might have to sit out some games. "Until I do that, it's going to hurt," Williams said. "It's affecting me so much mentally now. You know I like going up against the top point guards. I like matchups. Usually fare well in those matchups, but I'm going to have a tough time doing that if I can't play my game. I'm ready to get healthy and get back to being me." Williams sank a shot from about 10 feet beyond halfcourt to beat the first-quarter buzzer and pull the Nets within 29-26 after Jennings made a jumper with two seconds left...Bogut returned after missing Wednesday's game with a migraine headache. It was the second game he's missed this season because of a migraine. He also missed a pre-season contest for the same reason. He finished with 13 points, seven rebounds and four blocked shots...Jennings had 16 points and 10 rebounds for his fifth double-double of the season. ... New Jersey's  Kris Humphries  had a double-double with 10 points and 11 rebounds, and  Brook Lopez  led the Nets with 25 points. UP NEXT:  For the Nets, Sunday @ Washington, Monday vs. Indiana, Wednesday @ Cleveland. For the Bucks, Sunday vs. New York, Wednesday vs. Sacramento, Friday @ New York.   
