  Notebook: Raptors 99, Sixers 78 Posted Wednesday April 4, 2012 10:17PM By Andy Jasner, for NBA.com THE FACTS:   Andrea Bargnani  scored 24 points and  DeMar DeRozan  had 18 points for the Toronto Raptors in their 99-78 victory over the reeling Philadelphia 76ers Wednesday night at the Wells Fargo Center.  Alan Anderson  scored 13 points, Ed Davis grabbed 14 rebounds and  Jose Calderon  had 12 points and 13 assists for the balanced Raptors, who won their third straight game. Jrue Holiday  and  Elton Brand  scored 20 points each for the Sixers, who fell to 29-25. QUOTABLE:  "Every guy in this room is improving and getting better every day. We want to finish the season as strong as possible."   -- Calderon. THE STAT:  The Sixers scored just seven points in the fourth quarter and missed 13 straight shots. The Sixers also had 22 points in the second half, a floor record for least amount of points in a second half. The previous low was 25. TURNING POINT:  Toronto built a 79-71 lead after the third quarter and then turned up the defensive pressure in the fourth. The lead swelled to 14 at 90-76 and the Raptors cruised from there. HOT:  Anderson was rewarded with a start and he played very well, hitting five of his seven shots for the Raptors. NOT:   Evan Turner  shot 2-for-10 and Jodie Meeks was 1-for-5 for the Sixers. QUOTABLE II:  "It was just a great, gutsy team effort."   -- Raptors coach  Dwane Casey FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  In addition to his 20 points, Brand added four rebounds, four blocked shots and three assists. He was a rare bright spot on an otherwise tough night for the Sixers. INSIDE THE ARENA:  There was a bit of a late-arriving crowd for this game against the Raptors. By halftime, though, the decibel level improved and announced attendance was 18,186. QUOTABLE III:  "When you let a team like that hang around, it comes back to bite you."   -- Brand GOOD MOVE:  The Raptors moved the ball around the perimeter and inside and out quite well. There was an offensive rhythm throughout the game, especially in the fourth quarter. BAD MOVE:  The Sixers didn't get to the free throw line enough. It has been a problem all season, especially in tight games down the stretch when jumpers have stopped falling. Philadelphia was 7-for-8 from the free throw line. ROOKIE WATCH:   Nikola Vucevic  had two rebounds in slightly more than three minutes while  Lavoy Allen  didn't play for the Sixers. NOTABLE:   Andre Iguodala  suffered a left eye contusion in Tuesday's loss at Miami, but he started against Toronto and donned a pair of protective glasses in the first half. Iguodala began the second half without the glasses. "One of the snaps kept coming off," Iguodala said. ... The Raptors put together their first three-game winning streak since Nov. 17-20, 2010. ... Holiday hit his first eight shots. ... The seven points scored by the Sixers in the fourth quarter is their fewest in any quarter in building history dating to 1996. It's also the fewest fourth quarter points the team has scored in the shot clock era going back to 1954-55. ... The Sixers' bench scored a season-low 18 points. ... Over the last five games, Bargnani is averaging 25 points. ... Toronto outrebounded the Sixers 46-29. ... The Sixers have scored less than 80 points five times in the last 11 games. NEXT:  For the Raptors, Friday vs. Cleveland, Sunday @ Oklahoma City, Monday @ Indiana. For the Sixers, Saturday vs. Orlando, Sunday @ Boston, Tuesday @ New Jersey.  