  Thunder-Lakers notebook   By Bryan Chu, for NBA.com Posted Monday April 11, 2011 2:30AM THE FACTS:  Seconds remaining on the clock in a game that saw the Lakers get blitzed in the final three minutes by the Thunder, who went on to win 120-106 Sunday at Staples Center,  Kobe Bryant  asked  Kendrick Perkins  a simple question. "You happy about this win?" "It's Kobe being Kobe," Perkins said. "This game probably didn't even mean nothing or probably did. I don't know. They'll never show it." Seventy-seven minutes after the final buzzer sounded, Bryant did give a glimpse. Asked whether he was angry, he smiled, looked down and brushed the question off. After being pressed again, he smirked and muscled out two words that may have said everything. "Yeah. Yeah." The Lakers (55-25) have now dropped five straight, the first time that has happened since  Pau Gasol  has been with the team. It's the longest losing streak since the 2006-07 season. More importantly, Los Angeles, which hosts the NBA-leading San Antonio Spurs on Tuesday, is tied with Dallas for the second spot in the Western Conference and holds just a one-game cushion on Oklahoma City (54-26). The Lakers do hold the season series, 2-1, over both teams, however. In the victory, which was the team's fourth straight,  Kevin Durant , who dropped 31 points, and  Russell Westbrook , who added 26, led the Thunder, who snapped an eight-game losing streak at Staples Center, to a resounding 17-2 run to end the game. The Lakers actually had a lead 104-103 with 3:10 to go before the Thunder sprinted to the finish line. For the Lakers, Bryant finished with 31, Gasol added 26 and  Andrew Bynum  logged a double-double, 12 points and 13 rebounds. Oklahoma City led for nearly 30 minutes of play and Los Angeles seemed drained. The Lakers were down by 12 in the first quarter and then again by a dozen in the middle of the second. Just when it seemed as if they had no life, the Lakers got their spark. Bryant and Perkins got tangled up at the free throw line at the 5:21 mark of the second quarter. Both had to be separated, and they wound up jawing back at one another. They both received double fouls and double techs. Los Angeles then went on a 7-0 run that started with a Bryant 3-pointer. They would outscore the Thunder 20-10 from that confrontation on as the Lakers slashed into the Thunder's lead, 66-64, by halftime. The Lakers took their first lead of the game, 76-74, at the 6:03 mark of the third quarter. But, the fourth quarter was anything but spectacular. They committed nine turnovers, and, subsequently were outscored 32-16. The salt on the wound was a four-point play by Westbrook at the end of the game after Bryant fouled him on a 3-point make. QUOTABLE I:  "It's definitely a big win for us. The trade (for Perkins) has been the difference. Our confidence is up. Our swagger is up."   -- Oklahoma City guard  James Harden,  who had 16 points, told NBA.com. QUOTABLE II:  "I didn't want to redecorate the walls in here. I made the effort to go into the training room and keep to myself.   -- Bryant after the loss. QUOTABLE III:  "It happens, guys getting tangled up, guys are in the flow of the game. One thing about Kobe, he's a physical guy and he's not going to back down. It's nothing personal, nothing to that nature. We just got tangled up.   -- Perkins on the second quarter incident with Bryant. THE STAT:  1 -- The number of turnovers the Lakers committed in the first three quarters. They ended up committing nine in the final period, which led to eight Thunder points. TURNING POINT:  In the final 2:59 to play, the Lakers committed five straight turnovers (Bryant 2;  Derek Fisher ; Gasol). HOT:  Durant tore apart the Lakers defense, sinking 11-for-15 from the field. He also was a perfect 8-for-8 from the line. NOT:  The Lakers in the fourth quarter. They were outscored 32-16. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Westbrook had a solid first half, scoring 18 points making 5-for-8 from the field at one point. He went ice cold, however, missing nine of his next 10 shots. But Westbrook, who is one of the league's most improved players, closed strong, scoring six straight points down the stretch, including a four-point play. QUOTABLE III:  "We're just playing horrible defense right now. We're making too many mistakes."   -- Bryant on what he's feeling right now. NOTABLE:  Oklahoma City's bench outscored the Lakers' 37-20...The Thunder shot 55.6 percent and the Lakers shot 46.9 percent. ... Lakers backup point guard  Steve Blake  had a solid game, converting all three of his 3-point attempts. ...  Lamar Odom , who is a favorite to win this year's NBA Sixth Man Award, was a non factor. He scored seven points on 3-for-9 shooting. Odom's reality show, "Khloe and Lamar," with wife,  Khloe Kardashian , aired today on E! UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Tuesday vs. San Antonio, Wednesday @ Sacramento. For the Thunder, Monday @ Sacramento, Wednesday vs. Milwaukee.  