  Notebook: Hawks 107, Pistons 101   By Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com Posted Friday January 27, 2012 11:26PM THE FACTS:  Guard  Joe Johnson  overcame a slow start to score 30 points as the Atlanta Hawks defeated the Detroit Pistons in overtime 107-101 at The Palace Friday night. Limited to two first-half points, Johnson scored 10 fourth-quarter points, including a game-tying 3-pointer with 1.9 seconds remaining in regulation. Center  Zaza Pachulia  had six of his 16 points in overtime. QUOTABLE:  "In the second half, I had to step my play up to help this team get over the hump. In those situations when you play good defense, you don't expect for a guy to make that shot. He played good defense and it was a tough shot. I was lucky it went down."   -- Joe Johnson on his 3-pointer at the end of regulation while being guarded by  Rodney Stuckey .  THE STAT:  13. It wasn't Friday the 13th but that was an unlucky number for the Pistons. They missed 13 layups or tip attempts in the first half, which allowed the Hawks to stay in contact. They wound up with 25 missed shots at the rim, including four in overtime. TURNING POINT:  The Pistons were on the verge of wrapping up a victory when forward  Austin Daye  made a baseline shot with 39.9 seconds left, giving his team an 87-81 lead. But just six seconds later, Detroit left Hawks forward  Marvin Williams  alone in the left corner and his 3-pointer made it a one-possession game. Johnson then stole a Stuckey pass, setting the stage for his tying jumper. QUOTABLE II:  "It was tough, It was loud out there and we couldn't hear [Coach  Lawrence Frank ] but you've got to guard Joe Johnson pretty much fullcourt. We've got to communicate more and understand if it's a close game, it's going to be in Joe Johnson's hands."   -- Pistons forward  Jason Maxiell  on Johnson's clutch 3-pointer HOT:  Maxiell provided an unexpected offensive spark, scoring 12 second-quarter points. He hadn't scored more than 11 all season. He finished with 19 points, his highest total since he had 19 against Atlanta on March 13, 2010. The last time Maxiell reached 20 points was April 11, 2008, when he scored a career-high 28 against Washington. NOT:  The Hawks' reserves were outscored by the Pistons' bench, 43-18. None of the six players coach  Larry Drew  called upon contributed more than seven points and they also combined for seven turnovers. Entering the game, the Pistons bench had been outscored by an average of 9.9 points per game. NOTABLE:  Hawks starting point guard  Jeff Teague  left the game in the third quarter with a sprained left ankle and did not return. ... Detroit forward  Tayshaun Prince  missed his second consecutive game because of a family matter. The Pistons were also without guards  Ben Gordon  (shoulder) and  Will Bynum  (foot). ... Center  Greg Monroe 's 22 points and 11 rebounds led Detroit, which has lost 13 of its last 15. ... Williams finished with 22 points and eight rebounds. ... The Pistons reached 100 points for the first time this season. UP NEXT:  For the Hawks, Sunday @ New Orleans, Tuesday @ Toronto, Thursday vs. Memphis. For the Pistons, Saturday @ Philadelphia, Monday @ Milwaukee, Tuesday @ New York.  