Notebook: Nuggets 101, Pistons 94 
 
 
 Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Dec 12, 2012 1:05 AM - Updated Wed Dec 12, 2012 1:05 AM 
 
 THE FACTS:  Point guard  Ty Lawson  scored 26 points, 16 in the second half, leading the Denver Nuggets to a 101-94 win over the slumping Detroit Pistons at The Palace of Auburn Hills Tuesday.  Corey Brewer  added 15 points for the Nuggets, who overcame an early 17-point deficit and defeated the Pistons for the sixth consecutive time.  Brandon Knight  scored 20 points while  Jason Maxiell  scored a season-high 18 points and made a career-high tying six blocks. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We're way behind as far as the basketball we want to play but we're finding a way to stay around .500. With this early schedule, it's not favorable, but we're sticking around .500. If we can stay .500 or better going into the New Year, then we have an opportunity to gain some momentum." 
 -- Nuggets reserve point guard  Andre Miller  after they evened their record at 11-11 . 
 
 
 THE STAT:  38. Nuggets backups Miller, Brewer and  JaVale McGee  combined for 38 points on 16-for-24 shooting. McGee scored all but two of his points in the second quarter, when Denver had a 31-17 advantage. Overall, Denver's reserves outscored the Pistons bench 42-33.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  Sparked by McGee and Lawson, the Nuggets took over the lead with a 15-3 run to finish the first half. McGee scored the first six points of the outburst, including a steal and fast-break slam to give Denver its first lead. Lawson rode the wave of momentum with two layups and a pair of free throws. The Pistons shot 1-for-9 and made three of their eight second-quarter turnovers during that five-minute stretch. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "The bench came in and gave us a good lift. JaVale was dunking everything, Corey Brewer was getting steals and easy baskets and Andre was controlling the tempo. They helped us get back in the game and we took it from there." 
 -- Lawson on Denver's second unit . 
 
 
 HOT:  Brewer is averaging 17.6 points over his last five games. He made three of his five 3-point attempts, providing a much-needed outside threat, as his teammates went 3-for-12 from long range. His hot streak has lifted his season average to 11.7 points per game, tops among the second unit. 
 
 NOT:  Pistons center  Greg Monroe  had 27 points and 10 rebounds in the first meeting between the clubs but with Detroit playing for the fourth time in five nights, his tank was empty. He made just one basket in nine attempts, despite grabbing five offensive rebounds, and also committed five turnovers. He was coming off a 22-points performance against Philadelphia Monday. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Detroit center  Andre Drummond  had seven points and 11 rebounds, four more rebounds than he grabbed in the previous three games. Starting shooting guard  Kyle Singler  had no life in his legs, scoring nine points on 4-for-12 shooting. He went 2-for-8 in the second half. 
 
 NOTABLE:  The Nuggets are 2-2 on their current road trip, which ends in Minnesota Wednesday. ... Detroit out-rebounded the Nuggets, the league's No. 2 rebounding team, 51-37. ... Denver is averaging 19 fast-break points in the last 10 games. ... The schedule has not been kind to either club. The Pistons have played 24 games, more than any other team, while Denver has played just six home games. ... The Pistons had a 14-game home winning streak against the Nuggets snapped two seasons ago and didn't play them at The Palace last season. ... Detroit has faced three of the league's top five offensive rebounders in its last four games, Cleveland's  Anderson Varejao  (6.0), Denver's  Kenneth Faried  (4.2) and Chicago's  Joakim Noah  (4.1). Faried didn't have an offensive rebound Tuesday.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Nuggets, Wednesday @ Minnesota, Friday vs. Memphis, Sunday @ Sacramento. For the Pistons, Friday @ Brooklyn, Saturday vs. Indiana, Monday vs. L.A. Clippers. 
