  Knicks-Bulls notebook   By Mike Vorkunov, for NBA.com Posted Saturday December 25, 2010 3:45PM THE FACTS:  The New York Knicks took a Christmas Day matinee over the Chicago Bulls with a 103-95 victory at Madison Square Garden.  Raymond Felton  was the catalyst as he scored 16 of his 20 points and dished out eight of his 12 assists in the second half, adding five steals as well.  Amar'e Stoudemire  contributed 20 points and ten rebounds as all five Knicks starters scored in double digits.  Carlos Boozer  led the Bulls with 26 points and 19 rebounds, while  Derrick Rose  scored 25 points, dished out eight assists, grabbed seven rebounds and had six steals to go along with seven turnovers in the loss. QUOTABLE:  "That's real important because we're chasing them. One thing is that we play them three games and we've won two so we get the tie breaker now. That helps. It's just a little thing but there's a lot of basketball to be played."   --  Knicks coach  Mike D'Antoni  on the significance of beating the Bulls, a team they are currently a game behind in the Eastern Conference standings. THE STAT:  The Knicks aren't known as a defensive team but against the Bulls, it was the less-heralded side of the ball that won the game for them. New York held Chicago to just 12 points in the fourth quarter and forced them into 44 percent shooting from the field, an accomplishment because opponents had been shooting 47 percent against them. Rose was forced into 12-of-28 shooting. New York also blocked ten shots, with Stoudemire tying his season-high with six. QUOTABLE II:  "I turned to  Toney Douglas  and I told him I was going to do it."   --  Landry   Fields  describing how he called his tip-in basket off of a missed  Ronny Turiaf  free throw. Fields flew in, got the put-back and was fouled, then hit the ensuing free throw to make it a five point-possession for the Knicks. TURNING POINT:  It came with 5:07 remaining after  Kurt Thomas  blocked Stoudemire's shot to force a jump ball. New York won the tip and knocked it over to Felton, who drove in for a running bank shot from eight-feet out. That gave the Knicks a 95-87 lead and control of what was a back-and-forth game. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Oscar winner  Philip Seymour Hoffman  was on hand in the front row. NOTABLE:  Felton dished out double-digit assists for the sixth consecutive game, which is three games shy of the franchise record held by  Michael Ray Richardson  during the 1979-80 season. The game was also his ninth 20 point, 10 assist game of the season, which is second in the league behind the 12 by Utah's  Deron Williams . UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Tuesday @ Miami, Thursday @ Orlando, Sunday vs. Indiana. For the Bulls, Sunday @ Detroit, Tuesday vs. Milwaukee, Friday vs. New Jersey.  