  Notebook: Jazz 96, Trail Blazers 94 Posted Thursday April 26, 2012 11:51PM By Andrew Aragon, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  With their starters mostly resting for their first-round Western Conference playoff series, the Utah Jazz still had enough depth to defeat the Portland Trail Blazers on Thursday night. Rookie  Alec Burks  had a career-high 18 points and  Derrick Favors  had 15 points and five rebounds as the Jazz prevailed 96-94 in a regular season finale that mostly featured all the intensity and urgency of a preseason contest. The game's excitement, however, did pick up in the fourth quarter. The shorthanded Trail Blazers had a chance to win, but former Jazzman  Wesley Matthews  clanked a potential game-winning 3-pointer as time expired. Utah's  Paul Millsap  did not play, while fellow starters  Devin Harris ,  Gordon Hayward  and  Al Jefferson  were finished after the first quarter. Portland, which ends the season on a seven-game losing streak, was led by  J.J. Hickson . He had a game-high 20 points and nine rebounds. QUOTABLE:  "We coach to win. We didn't have the regular guys in there, but these guys understood we wanted to execute our stuff and continue to develop and grow as who we are -- not just some team that goes up and down the floor and takes wild shots. For the most part, we stayed in our offense and executed."  -- Jazz coach  Tyrone Corbin  on still playing to win with his younger and less experienced players on the court during crunch time. THE STAT:  Even with Millsap sitting out and Jefferson hardly playing, the Jazz handled the Trail Blazers on the glass. Utah had a 48-36 advantage in overall rebounds, and gained a big edge with its offensive boards. The Jazz had a 13-6 edge in offensive rebounds and a 16-8 advantage in second-chance points. TURNING POINT:  Slam Dunk Contest champion  Jeremy Evans  provided the Jazz with a spark midway through the fourth quarter. During a 10-0 run for Utah, he had a put-back dunk, a high-flying dunk and three rebounds. The spurt turned a four-point deficit into a 94-88 lead for the Jazz with 3:29 remaining in the game. HOT:  Burks shot the ball well (6-for-9) en route to scoring his career high. He also played smart, committing just one turnover in 22 minutes. Evans had his first career double-double with 13 points and 10 rebounds. Rookie  Enes Kanter  had a double-double with 12 points and 10 rebounds while playing a career-high 33 minutes. For Portland, Hickson shot 10-for-13 and seasoned veteran  Kurt Thomas  shot 5-for-7 and scored 10 points. NOT:  Portland's  Luke Babbitt  shot 0-for-5 in the first half, and 3-for-11 overall. He was 1-for-8 from 3-point range. Matthews shot terribly in what was once his home arena. He was 4-for-18 while scoring 14 points. GOOD MOVE:  Winning wasn't all that necessary for the Jazz, who had already locked up the Western Conference's No. 8 seed prior to Thursday. So it wasn't all that odd to see Corbin close the game with Burks, Kanter, Evans,  DeMarre Carroll  and  Blake Ahearn  on the court. The younger players gained some valuable experience from Corbin's decision to play them, and they repaid him by pulling out the victory. QUOTABLE II:  "We played well enough to win it. We just didn't get enough rebounds. That's the story of the year. We didn't do just enough to get over the hump. There are easily 18 games like that this season. In a short season, you can't bounce back from that."   --Trail Blazers guard Matthews on his team losing another close game. ROOKIE WATCH:  Burks and Kanter weren't the only rookies to shine on Thursday night. Portland's  Nolan Smith  made his fourth career start and scored a career-high 16 points and dished seven assists. He scored all of his 16 points in the second half. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Prior to tipoff, Kanter grabbed a microphone and thanked fans for their support this season at mid-court. After asking the crowd what's up approximately five times and thanking fans, he said, "Go Jazz, baby" and dropped the microphone, much to the delight of his teammates. FANTASY WATCH:  Hickson finished the season strong after joining the Trail Blazers. He recorded double-doubles in six of his last nine games, providing a valuable spark to the fantasy owners who either held on to him after the Sacramento Kings waived him, or picked him up after he joined the Trail Blazers. QUOTABLE III:  "I thought it he did a good job. It's fun. For me it's great to see the kid from when he came in when we finally started camp and how closed he was with everybody around him and how he's opened up now and relaxed in this atmosphere with these guys and this organization. It's great to see his personality come out."   --Jazz coach Corbin on Kanter's pregame announcement to Jazz fans. NOTABLE:  Utah's  Raja Bell  played for the first time since March 15 as he was out with injuries to his left adductor and left knee. He entered the game in the second quarter and went scoreless in 18 minutes. Millsap missed just his 14th game in six seasons. Portland was without  Raymond Felton ,  Nicolas Batum  and  Jamal Crawford . UP NEXT:  The Trail Blazers' season is over. For the Jazz, first round Western Conference playoff series against the Spurs, with Game 1 Sunday at 1 p.m. ET in San Antonio.   