Notebook: Pelicans 135, Sixers 98 
 
 
 Bradley Handwerger, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Nov 16, 2013 11:45 PM - Updated Sat Nov 16, 2013 11:45 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Pelicans scored at least 30 points in every quarter Saturday night after hitting the 30-point threshold in only four quarters all season. 
 
 THE LEAD:   Anthony Davis  nearly collected his first career triple-double Saturday night. Instead, he settled for 13 points, nine rebounds and eight blocks in only three quarters to pace the Pelicans to their most comfortable win of the season, a 135-98 pounding of Philadelphia. Davis, who set a franchise record for blocked shots in a quarter with five in the first, was far from alone in having a standout night for the Pelicans (4-6), however.  
 Philadelphia (5-6) couldn't figure out a way to stop  Ryan Anderson , who finished with a game-high 26 points;  Eric Gordon , who ended with 19 points; or  Jrue Holiday , a former 76er, who put up 14 points, 12 assists and six rebounds. 
 New Orleans snapped a three-game skid by shooting better than 61 percent, including 13 of 28 from 3-point range, while blocking 16 shots. 
 The 76ers, meanwhile, head to Dallas trying to figure out where the freefall ends. After beginning the season 3-0 with two wins over Miami and Chicago, the 76ers have lost six of their past eight games. 
 Without  Michael Carter-Williams , who has missed three straight games with a bruise to arch of his left foot, Philadelphia is flat-lining. The 76ers allowed New Orleans 26 fast-break points, turned the ball over 19 times and couldn't shut down the Pelicans inside or outside. 
 
 Darius Morris  led Philadelphia with 20 points, but also turned the ball over five times, and  Tony Wroten  had 19 points. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I just told our guys they have to have that Utah stink and they have to hold onto that. How we felt getting on that plane coming home that's how we've got to approach everything. To me, we were all hurt." 
 -- Pelicans Coach  Monty Williams  on the focus his young team has to play with on a nightly basis. 
 
 
 THE STAT:  11 -- Philadelphia's biggest flaw Saturday night was its inability to guard the 3-point arc. The Pelicans hit 12 treys  
 
 TURNING POINT:  For the first eight minutes, Philadelphia appeared more than able to keep pace with New Orleans. But when  Hollis Thompson  missed a 3-pointer with 4:45 to play, it was the last chance for the 76ers to stick around.  Tyreke Evans  converted a layup and then Anderson hit a 3-pointer, a jumper and another long-range shot, a tenuous two-point Pelicans lead grew to 12. New Orleans led by less than 10 only one more time, after a Morris 3-pointer, and went up by double digits for good when Anderson answered with a trey of his own. 
 
 HOT:  The Pelicans' Evans has gotten off to a slow start with the team after missing much of the preseason with a left ankle sprain. But Saturday night, he went 5-for-6 in the first half, had three assists and two steals and rebounds each, giving fans a glimpse of the potential management sees in him. 
 
 NOT:  Philadelphia forward  Evan Turner  struggled on the second night of a back-to-back, going just 2 of 11 for four points. Turner was coming off a game in which he shot 53 percent and led the 76ers with 27 points in a 10-point loss to Atlanta.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "it was transition. Transition and covering the paint. They did just whatever they wanted to do tonight." 
 -- Philadelphia forward  Thaddeus Young  
 
 
 NOTABLE:  The Pelicans didn't allowed 100 points for the first time in four games. ... Anderson's 26 points came in his first game back after missing the initial nine of the season with a broken toe. ... Philadelphia, meanwhile, has now allowed 100 points in all but one game this season. The 135 the 76ers gave up Saturday night was a season high. ... New Orleans' bench scored a season-high 71 points.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Pelicans, Wednesday vs. Utah, Friday vs. Cleveland, Monday @ San Antonio. For the 76ers, Monday @ Dallas, Wednesday vs. Toronto, Friday vs. Milwaukee. 
