  Notebook: Hawks 100, Raptors 77   By Duane Watson, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday January 31, 2012 10:40PM THE FACTS:  The Atlanta Hawks (16-6) defeated the Toronto Raptors (7-15) 100-77 at the Air Canada Centre on Tuesday night. The Raptors could not find a way to cool off  Joe Johnson's  hot shooting hand, who shot 13-for-18 from the field and 3-for-5 from behind the arc for 30 points. Johnson led a balanced attack with six Hawks in double figures and did it early. Atlanta took a 23-18 lead after the first quarter and widened the gap to 19 at halftime. The Hawks never let up and The Raptors' 19 turnovers leading to 27 points for the Hawks kept the game out of reach.  Tracy McGrady  scored 15 points off the bench and  Marvin Williams ,  Jeff Teague  and  Zaza Pachulia  each chipped in 10 points. The Raptors were led by  Jerryd Bayless'  14 points, while  Ed Davis  scored 11 points with 11 rebounds. QUOTABLE:  "Joe is the head of the snake with us and our guys understand their roles as far as what their jobs and responsibilities are, they have the open shots, they take their shots. But when we're playing and we start playing together really distributing the basketball among one another, we become very tough to defend because we take out some of the predictability of what we do."   -- Hawks head coach  Larry Drew THE STAT:  Johnson scored 30 points in 30 minutes. He only needed a half hour to dispose of the Raptors and putting the game well out of reach. TURNING POINT:  The Hawks ended of the 2nd quarter on a 20-6 run, capped off with Johnson's 28-foot, 3-point shot with 1.9 left. Atlanta shot 66 percent from the field and Johnson matched his first quarter point total of 12, with another dozen in the second giving them a 56-37 lead into halftime. QUOTABLE II:  "I still can play! I can play and I'm just trying to give this team a little boost off the bench. Some veteran experience and glad I can make plays and make the game a lot easier for these guys."   --  McGrady on his 15-point, 4-rebound game off the bench. HOT:  Johnson shot 10-for-12 from the floor and had 24 points in the first half. The Raptors had no answers for the Hawks leading scorer who put the ball in the basket in a variety of ways. His scoring allowed the floor to open up for the Hawks offense, creating opportunities for others and his ability to get going early put the game away quickly. GOOD MOVE:   Gary Forbes  solved the small backcourt situation in the Raptors matchups with some solid defense on ohnson coming off the bench for 10 points and an open court steal for a layup in the 3rd. But by then, the game was out of reach. BAD MOVE:  The Raptors started the game with a backcourt of  Jose Calderon  and  Jerryd Bayless  that led them to a win in New Jersey on Sunday. However, that ball-handling tandem suffered from a height disadvantage causing mismatches that the Hawks efficiently made work of.  While it provided early offense for Bayless with eight points in the first frame, the Raptors were beat early and often by the Hawks bigger guards. NOTABLE:  The Hawks win gives them their fourth win of five games on the road, something they haven't done since December 8-14, 1968. ...The Hawks first 56 points in the first tied a half was an opponent season high for first half scoring for Toronto. ... Rasual Butler  left the game in the third quarter with a mild ankle sprain but returned in the fourth. ... The Hawks have now won six games in a row against Toronto. UP NEXT:  For the Raptors, Wednesday @ Boston, Friday vs. Washington, Sunday @ Miami. The Hawks return home for the next few games, Thursday vs. Memphis, Saturday vs. Philly and Monday vs. Phoenix.  