
 Jazz-Thunder notebook   By Randy Renner, for NBA.com Posted Sunday October 31, 2010 10:50PM THE FACTS:  The Utah Jazz hadn't held a lead in either of their first two games but led for most of the way Sunday night in Oklahoma City. Utah had five players score in double-figures and cruised to a 120-99 victory over the Thunder. Paul Millsap  led Utah with 30 points and 16 rebounds, while also dishing out six assists.  Al Jefferson  played his best game as a member of the Jazz with 23 points and 10 rebounds. All-Star point guard  Deron Williams  added 16 points and 15 assists. Oklahoma City was once again led by All-Star forward  Kevin Durant,  who had 28. Point guard  Russell Westbrook  added 22. QUOTABLE:  "We stayed together and played well. When you get outside shooting at the four and the five positions that's tough to defend. We've always been a good passing team, it's when we don't do it that's frustrating."   --Jazz coach  Jerry Sloan NOTABLE:  Utah is usually one of the best passing teams in the NBA but the Jazz had averaged 20 assists in their first two games and the offense looked stagnant. Sunday night, Utah players helped out on 32 baskets with crisp passes. THE STAT:  During morning shootaround, Sloan thought about changing up his starting lineup. He didn't and the starters responded by shooting 34-for-60 and scoring 95 points. TURNING POINT:  Two days of hard practice in Salt Lake City. The Jazz came into this game with a new attitude. Their offense and defense were out of sync in their first two games but everything clicked against OKC. QUOTABLE II:  "We were one of the league leaders on defense last season, but we weren't very good tonight."   --Thunder coach  Scott Brooks HOT:  After starting the season hitting just 40.9 percent from the field and 23.1 percent on 3-pointers, the Jazz were 7-for-11 from long range and shot 53 percent overall. NOT:  Oklahoma City continues its struggles on offense. The Thunder hit just 25 percent on 3-pointers and 40 percent overall. Kevin Durant was 4-for-6 from long range, but the rest of the team was just 1-for-14. INSIDE THE ARENA:  A festive Halloween atmosphere. Several fans wearing costumes and kids were trick-or-treating in the concourses. GOOD MOVE:  Reports out of Salt Lake City indicated Sloan was thinking of taking  Andrei Kirilenko  out of the starting lineup. Instead, Sloan put the long-armed Kirilenko on Durant. Kirilenko pestered Durant into just 3-for-13 shooting and nine points through the middle of the third quarter. BAD MOVE:  Brooks opted to go with  Jeff Green  on Millsap but Green couldn't contain the Utah forward. Millsap was 12-for-19. ROOKIE WATCH:  Utah's  Gordon Hayward  scored four points and  Jeremy Evans  did not score on 0-for-1 shooting. Thunder rookie center  Cole Aldrich  saw his first action of the season. He rebounded a  James Harden  miss and slammed it home for his first points of the season. He finished with five points, two rebounds and a steal. NOTABLE:  Oklahoma City has now scored 105 points from the free throw line in just three games for an average of 35 points a game. UP NEXT:  For the Jazz, Wednesday vs Raptors, Friday @ Golden State, Saturday vs Clippers. For the Thunder, Wednesday @ LA Clippers, Thursday @ Portland, Sunday vs Celtics. 
