  Notebook: Pacers 104, Rockets 102 Posted Sunday April 1, 2012 10:56PM By Matt Miller, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The Indiana Pacers refused to let a poor third-quarter performance or a few slip-ups in the closing moments of regulation affect their confidence at all. Danny Granger  scored a game-high 32 points and grabbed seven rebounds, and  Roy Hibbert  added 15 points, nine boards and five blocks as the Pacers overcame a 10-point fourth-quarter deficit to defeat the Houston Rockets 104-102 in overtime on Sunday at Toyota Center. With the victory, Indiana (31-21) improved to 11-5 this season against the Western Conference. Goran Dragic  led the Rockets (28-25) with 22 points, six assists and six rebounds, while  Courtney Lee  netted 20 points to go with four assists. Houston, which is 8-17 away from home this season, will begin a four-game road trip Monday sitting in sole possession of eighth place in the West. QUOTABLE:  "I was able to get going, and my shot was falling tonight. ... Early on, I could tell this was going to be a night where I would be getting a lot of plays run especially for me."   -- Granger THE STAT:  The Pacers were outrebounded offensively 18-9 in regulation, but they turned the tables on Houston in overtime with a 5-0 edge on the offensive glass. TURNING POINT:  After getting outscored 31-19 in the third quarter, Indiana responded by beating Houston 30-20 in the fourth to force overtime. The teams were deadlocked at 95 with three minutes remaining in the extra session when Pacers forward  Paul George  converted an "and-one" play and Granger drained a 3-pointer on back-to-back Indiana possessions, putting the Pacers ahead for good. HOT:  Lee spearheaded the Rockets' third-quarter surge with 10 points on 5-for-6 shooting, three assists and one steal. NOT:  The Rockets made only 36.4 percent (8-for-22) of their field-goal attempts in the fourth quarter, allowing the Pacers to easily erase a double-digit deficit. QUOTABLE II:  "We didn't have the amount of movement that we needed. We tried to shake free on some simple [sets]. They [The Pacers] really started to deny some things, but our execution wasn't as good as it needed to be with our ball movement."   -- Houston coach  Kevin McHale  on the Rockets' offensive struggles in the final period BAD MOVE:  Indiana guard  Darren Collison  missed two of four free-throw attempts in the final 20 seconds of the fourth quarter to give Houston a second life. The Pacers likely would have won in regulation if not for Collison's shaky shooting at the charity stripe. QUOTABLE III:  "For the last two years, he's been money down the stretch on the free-throw line. These are the first two misses he's had in crunch time since he's been a Pacer."   -- Indiana coach  Frank Vogel  on Collison's ability to make clutch free throws NOTABLE:  The Pacers improved to 25-4 when they grab more rebounds than their opponent. ... Indiana is now 8-1 when all five starters score at least 10 points. ... The Pacers improved to 19-4 when they score more fast-break points than their opponent. ... Houston dropped to 8-5 in games decided by four points or less. ... The Rockets are now 23-4 when leading after three quarters. ... Houston is 8-11 since the All-Star break. ... Three of the Rockets' last four home games have gone to overtime. Houston is 1-2 in those three contests. ... Dragic has netted at least 20 points in back-to-back games. ... Rockets center  Marcus Camby  collected a season-high four steals. UP NEXT:  For the Pacers, Tuesday vs. New York, Wednesday @ Washington, Friday vs. Oklahoma City. For the Rockets, Monday @ Chicago (NBA TV), Friday @ L.A. Lakers (NBA TV), Sunday @ Sacramento (NBA TV).  