Notebook: Nuggets 123, Warriors 116 
 
 
 
 
Posted Thu Jan 16, 2014 2:48 AM - Updated Thu Jan 16, 2014 2:48 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Nuggets shot 54.2 percent from the floor, which is the best mark of any Warriors opponent this season. 
 
 THE LEAD: J.J. Hickson  had a career-high 24 rebounds, 13 points and a delivered a critical steal, drive and dunk sequence in the final minute as the Denver Nuggets scored the game's final eight points to clinch a 123-116 win against the Golden State Warriors on Wednesday. 
 
 Nate Robinson  scored 14 of his 24 points in a fourth-quarter explosion, and the Nuggets (20-18) came back despite blowing an eight-point lead with 3:44 remaining.  Ty Lawson  recorded 22 points and 11 assists for his seventh double-double in eight games.  Wilson Chandler  also had 22 points in his return to the starting lineup for Denver.  David Lee  scored a game-high 28 points with 11 rebounds for the Warriors (25-15).  Stephen Curry  added 24 points with seven assists but shot just 2-for-8 in the fourth quarter. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "They're always in attack mode, always got teams on their heels. We were like, 'You know what? We're going to be attacking them and make them back up and see how they like it.' And they didn't like it too much."  
 -- Denver's Nate Robinson 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Nuggets zoomed past the Warriors for 28 fast-break points. That's the most Golden State has given up this season, and Denver was plus-19 in that category on the night. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Two of those 28 points came courtesy of Hickson, who found himself repeatedly guarding Curry as the Warriors tried to take advantage of the Nuggets' decision to switch all of Golden State's Curry/Lee pick-and-rolls down the stretch. When Curry made a move towards the rim in a key late possession, Hickson was able to reach down, poke the ball free and go the length of the court for a dunk. Hickson was fouled on the play as well, and though he missed the free throw, the Nuggets regained the ball twice on offensive rebounds, forcing the Warriors to foul Lawson, who drained a pair of foul shots at the 21.0-second mark for a 121-116 lead. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  The funny thing was, Hickson wasn't even supposed to be involved in defending the Warriors' last meaningful possession. Denver coach  Brian Shaw  said his plan coming out of the timeout at 1:04 was to have Chandler guard Curry and Robinson guard Lee off the inbounds, so they could switch back onto their more natural assignments if the Warriors followed through with another pick-and-roll. But Hickson wound up on Lee instead of Robinson, and dutifully picked up Curry -- with dire consequences for the Warriors. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "Steph turned it over, but I'll live with J.J. Hickson defending him on the perimeter. He didn't make the play. That pretty much summed up our night. You can't disrespect the game and think it won't bite you."  
 -- Warriors coach  Mark Jackson 
 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Jackson left himself open to second-guessing by keeping center  Andrew Bogut  on the bench for all but 1:29 of the fourth quarter. Hickson took advantage of Bogut's absence to knock down an 8-foot floater in the lane which gave Denver the lead for good at the 1:04 mark. And Bogut also might have corralled a rebound in the final minute when the Nuggets' two offensive boards sealed the outcome. 
 
 HOT:  Chandler, back in the starting lineup after playing 21 minutes off the bench Monday in his return from a two-game absence due to a strained hip, proved he was over that early, scoring 12 points in the first quarter alone. 
 
 NOT:  Warriors forward  Andre Iguodala  was held to a 1-for-7 night, missing all four attempts behind the arc. 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Nuggets guard  Randy Foye  continued his sizzling January with a 21-point performance featuring 8-for-12 shooting, 4-for-7 on 3-pointers. Foye has three 20-point games this season -- all in Denver's last five contests -- and he's averaging 16.6 points per game and shooting 45.7 percent on treys this month. 
 
 NOTABLE : Lee had his 22nd double-double of the season. . . . Denver shot 50.0 percent from distance, tied for their second-best performance of the year. That included a 42-footer to beat the buzzer at the end of the third quarter by  Evan Fournier . . . .  Klay Thompson  had 21 points for the Warriors. . . . Golden State made a trade prior to the game to address their lack of scoring punch on the bench, giving up backup point guard  Toney Douglas  to receive offensive-minded guards  Jordan Crawford  and  MarShon Brooks  from Boston. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Nuggets, Friday vs. Cleveland, Sunday @ Phoenix, Thursday @ Portland. For the Warriors, Friday @ Oklahoma City, Saturday @ New Orleans, Monday vs. Indiana. 
