  Notebook: Spurs 105, Hawks 83   By Tim Price, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday January 25, 2012 11:50PM THE FACTS: DeJuan Blair  scored 17 points, but three players --  Matt Bonner  (17 points),  Tiago Splitter  (16) and  Danny Green  (10) -- came off the San Antonio bench and scored in double figures to lead the Spurs to a 105-83 victory over the Atlanta Hawks on Wednesday at AT&T Center. The Hawks (13-6) had won six out of their last seven coming into the game. But, after allowing the Spurs to shoot 51 percent from the field including 11-of-23 from the 3-point line (almost 48 percent), the Hawks trailed by double digits the entire fourth quarter. Bonner hit 5-of-7 3-pointers. Even though the Spurs (12-7) turned the ball over 20 times, they started the halves off on the right foot defensively by limiting Atlanta to 18 points in the first quarter and 17 in the third. QUOTABLE:  "The ball was going in. It wasn't any one individual. I think it was a team effort. Everybody executing, setting good picks, attacking and finding the open man."   --  Bonner THE STAT:  Even though  Kirk Hinrich  appeared in his first game this season, coming off the bench after recovering from the left shoulder surgery he underwent early in November, his 3-of-4 shooting performance for seven points in 13 minutes was no boost for the Hawks. The Spurs bench outscored Atlanta's 51-27 for the game and was up 41-13 heading into the fourth quarter. TURNING POINT:  The Spurs led by three points with 7 1/2 minutes to play in the third quarter. It still was a single-digit lead with two minutes left before the fourth quarter, yet the Hawks were only able to get off one shot in the final 120 seconds and turned the ball over three times. All of the Spurs six points to close out the quarter came from Blair, who converted a fastbreak 3-point play and scored underneath on a reverse layup off an assist from  Tony Parker  (15 points, seven assists) for a 76-61 lead to start the fourth quarter. San Antonio cruised the rest of the way, leading by as much as 26 points before the end of the game. QUOTABLE II:  "All the things that we talked about that we needed to do from a defensive standpoint, we didn't get it done. In most cases we do a pretty good job of defending the three. It just seemed time and time again we kept losing people, for whatever reason. Bonner hit, I believe, three threes in that third quarter. That was something we talked about prior to the game, making sure we didn't lose him. But we did time and time again."   --  Hawks coach  Larry Drew . HOT:  Splitter, the Spurs' 2008 first-round selection who played his first season in San Antonio last year after starting his career in Europe, was 5-of-6 from the floor along with adding 6-of-7 from the free-throw line. Over the past six games Splitter is 30-of-41 from the floor (73.2 percent). NOT:  After a productive night on Monday when the Hawks won in Milwaukee,  Josh Smith  went 6-of-17 from the floor against the Spurs. He shot 7-of-14 against Milwaukee, but the two games prior to that he was a combined 7-of-24. And  Joe Johnson,  who had averaged 25.3 points in the past six Hawks' victories (including 28 points with half of that coming in the fourth quarter at Milwaukee) managed 10 points against San Antonio. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Tough night to pull good numbers. No double-doubles.  Jeff Teague  scored 20 points and had five rebounds, but he had zero assists on a night when Atlanta moved the ball poorly (17 assists to San Antonio's 29) and was outrebounded 44-34. GOOD MOVE:  Spurs coach  Gregg Popovich  was in the midst of his first round of substitutions with the Spurs up 19-16 late in the first quarter. By that time Splitter was in for  Tim Duncan  (six points, 11 rebounds in 21 1/2 minutes), Green was in for  Kawhi Leonard  and  Cory Joseph  took Parker's spot. By the start of the second quarter Bonner subbed for Blair. That group of four Spurs players hit 10 of their next 11 shots and expanded San Antonio's lead to 41-28. BAD MOVE:  Bonner already had made three 3-pointers by early in the third quarter, yet the Hawks were slow to get out and allowed Bonner to keep firing. First, Smith didn't bother to get out on Bonner and he hit a three to make it 60-54. Just a couple more trips down the floor and Bonner sat back while Green went baseline and  Marvin Williams  sagged in. He was out of position when the pass was whipped back to Bonner past the 3-point line for another triple and a 63-54 lead. ROOKIE WATCH: Ivan Johnson  returned to his former hometown (he played at downtown San Antonio's Fox Tech High School) and scored eight points -- and committed four fouls -- in 21 minutes. Donald Sloan , another Atlanta rookie with Texas connections (a member of a high school state playoff team at Seagoville after  LaMarcus Aldridge  already had graduated; and then played at Texas A&M), was put on the inactive list after Hinrich was activated. Leonard had the defensive assignment most of the night against Johnson and he helped the Spurs limit Johnson to 10 points and three turnovers. Joseph had his best night with the Spurs: eight points on 4-of-6 shooting with four assists in 18 1/2 minutes. NOTABLE:  The Hawks have not won in San Antonio in 15 years, dating back to February 1997 when the Spurs played in the Alamodome. ... This was the second of a five-game road trip for Atlanta. ... Smith was called for a technical foul by  Josh Tiven  for arguing a call late in the third quarter. Tiven had called Smith for charging. ...  Zaza Pachulia  was called for a flagrant foul 1 when he was caught throwing an elbow toward Splitter in the fourth quarter and Atlanta trailing by 23. UP NEXT:  For the Hawks, Friday @ Detroit, Sunday @ New Orleans, Tuesday @ Toronto. For the Spurs, Friday @ Minnesota, Sunday @ Dallas, Monday @ Memphis.  