  Clippers-Sixers notebook   By Mike Radano, for NBA.com  Posted Wednesday December 15, 2010 10:52PM THE FACTS:   Jrue Holiday  had a game-high 24 points as the Sixers beat the Clippers 105-91 at the Wells Fargo Center. The Sixers have now won 7-of-8 at home and three straight games for the first time all season. The Clippers fell to 0-11 on the road this year. QUOTABLE:  "I didn't like our second half effort at all. I didn't think we played particularly well in the first half. We made some shots. We made some plays. We controlled the turnovers a little bit but I thought in the second half [the Sixers] were more aggressive. Jrue Holiday controlled the tempo of the game and did a nice job for them but we weren't very good execution-wise defensively."   -- Clippers coach  Vinny Del Negro  on his team's poor second half. THE STAT:  The Sixers committed just five turnovers on the night, which matched a floor record. The Clippers turned the ball over 15 times. TURNING POINT:  Sixers head coach  Doug Collins  called a timeout with 6:05 left in the third quarter after Griffin hit an 18-foot jumper that gave the Clippers a 68-65 lead. Collins must have said the right thing as the Sixers went on a 22-6 run to end the quarter with an 87-74 lead. QUOTABLE II:  "I am feeling more and more like myself, especially with the second hop. Sometimes, maybe I get out of position on the first one but now I'm able to come back and not quit on the play."   --  Spencer Hawes  on his improved play and ability to give the Sixers an inside presence. QUOTABLE III:  "[Hawes] is a very good shooter. It's a lot of what we do and I hear the fans grown a little bit when he starts to take a shot, but he can make threes. I feel very confident in him shooting. He's one of our better mid-range shooters."   -- Doug Collins on Spencer Hawes' willingness to take shots from outside. THE STAT II:  The Sixers scored 21 points (8-for-11) off the fast break compared to just eight points (2-of-3) by the Clippers. HOT I:   Baron Davis  exploited open areas in the Sixers' defense to score 16 points in the first half. The veteran guard was 7-for-11 from the field and added a pair of assists for good measure. HOT II:   Andre Iguodala  was a perfect 7-for-7 in the second half as he scored 16 of his 20 points. Iguodala was a big part of a Sixers attack that outscored the Clippers 52-35 in the second half. It was the first time since Nov. 26 against Miami that Iguodala had scored 20 or more points. NOT:   Jodie Meeks  has come of age over the last several weeks after being inactive for the first six games of the season. That said, the second-year guard out of Kentucky struggled in 33 minutes of action as he shot just 2-for-9 from the field and finished with nine points. In six starts this month he had averaged 15 points per game. GOOD MOVE:  Collins gave the Sixers the day off Friday after three games in four nights and with the Los Angeles Lakers on the docket. Collins admitted his team was tired on Wednesday and had to fight through that to get a very important win. UP NEXT:  For LA Clippers Friday @ Detroit, Saturday @ Chicago, Tuesday vs. Minnesota. For Philadelphia Friday vs. Los Angeles Lakers, Saturday @ Orlando, Tuesday @ Chicago.  