  Notebook: Knicks 103, Pistons 80   By Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com Posted Saturday January 7, 2012 10:46PM THE FACTS:  Forward  Amar'e Stoudemire  had 22 points, eight rebounds and four assists as the New York Knicks cruised to a 103-80 victory over the Detroit Pistons at The Palace Saturday. Guard  Mike Bibby  added 16 points off the bench, including a 14-point second quarter when he made four 3-pointers, as the Knicks outscored the Pistons, 39-18. QUOTABLE:  "We came out from the beginning and jumped on them. Everybody got going and we covered down defensively. That picked up our defense, too. Tonight, we put four quarters together."  --  Knicks forward  Carmelo Anthony . THE STAT:  13. That was a lucky number for the Knicks Saturday as they threw down 13 dunks.  Tyson Chandler  converted a couple of alley-oops from Carmelo Anthony. Stoudemire overpowered Pistons reserve forward  Jason Maxiell  in each half. Stoudemire had a second-quarter slam after Maxiell went reeling backward, then trash-talked Maxiell during the fourth quarter after dunking in his face. TURNING POINT:  Bibby's first 3-pointer of the second quarter started a 26-4 Knicks run and his fourth one ended it, giving New York a commanding 58-36 lead. Anthony had six points, three rebounds, three blocks and two assists during that 5:56 span, while the Pistons shot 1 of 8 from the field and made four turnovers. QUOTABLE II:  "This is not representative of who we want to be. We all have to own it. This is going to be a long season, so what we have to do is figure out all the things that are going to be part of the solution."  --  Pistons head coach  Lawrence Frank  after his team's third straight loss HOT:  Bibby entered the game shooting 31.8 percent and had made only 4 of 13 3-point attempts. He only took five shots but made the most of them while adding three assists and four free throws. NOT:  Pistons forward  Tayshaun Prince  continued his season-long funk with four points and two rebounds. Prince, who signed a 4-year, $27-million contract entering training camp, is averaging 8.9 points and 3.4 rebounds. GOOD MOVE:  Anthony made a game-winning 3-pointer against Washington Friday despite a sore back. He received treatment until the wee hours of the morning and didn't get much sleep but refused to let his teammates down. Though his back tightened up, he contributed 13 points and seven assists. BAD MOVE:  Pistons rookie guard  Brandon Knight , starting in place of injured Rodney Stuckey (groin), attempted 13 3-pointers. That's not what Frank wants from his young floor leader. Knight had only four assists along with three turnovers. NOTABLE:  Pistons forwards  Austin Daye  and  Charlie Villanueva  sat out with ankle sprains. ... Knicks head coach  Mike D'Antoni  started rookie  Iman Shumpert  at point guard ahead of Toney Douglas. Shumpert made three first-half fouls in his first start but had 11 points and three assists. ... The Pistons have now lost three straight games by 16 or more points for the first time since January 1980. ...  Ben Gordon  committed nine of Detroit's 21 turnovers, which led to 23 Knicks points. UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Monday vs. Charlotte, Wednesday vs. Philadelphia, Thursday @ Memphis. For the Pistons, Monday @ Chicago, Tuesday vs. Dallas, Thursday @ Milwaukee.  