  Bulls-Sixers notebook   By Andy Jasner, for NBA.com Posted Friday January 7, 2011 10:40PM THE FACTS: Jodie Meeks  scored 24 points,  Lou Williams  scored 20 points off the bench and the Philadelphia 76ers put together one of their most impressive performances this season with a 105-99 victory over the Central Division-leading Chicago Bulls on Friday. Some torrid shooting gave the Sixers an 86-74 lead after the third quarter, and they hung on for their second straight home win and 10th of the season. Consider the fact that the Sixers won only 12 home games all of last season.  Carlos Boozer  led the Bulls with 31 points and 13 rebounds while point guard  Derrick Rose  had 27 points and nine assists. It was the second straight road loss for the Bulls. Earlier this season, the Sixers may have squandered a double-digit lead. But this team is much different than the group which started the season. Yes, it was a one possession game down the stretch, but  Andres Nocioni  grabbed a huge offensive rebound and knocked down two free throws with 15.9 seconds remaining. QUOTABLE:  "When Lou is playing well, it makes us a totally different team."   -- Sixers coach  Doug Collins  on Williams' effort THE STAT:  Lost in the offensive outburst was Philadelphia's solid defense, especially outside the 3-point line. The Sixers finished last in the league in 3-point defense during last season's 27-55 debacle. But the Sixers' defense limited the Bulls to just 3-of-15 from beyond the arc. It has been evident that the Sixers have been working on this aspect during those long hours of practice. TURNING POINT : Leading 76-70, Meeks hit consecutive 3-pointers to push the Sixers advantage to 12 at 82-70 with 1:51 remaining in the third. HOT : Boozer hit 14-of-19 shots just two days after being benched for the final 14 minutes in a two-point loss at New Jersey. NOT: Keith Bogans  started both halves and gave the Bulls virtually nothing. He missed his only 3-pointer and wasn't really a factor at all. QUOTABLE II:  "I was in a good rhythm because of the fluid offense. We were moving the ball well from side to side and I was getting good looks."   -- Meeks on his performance FANTASY SPOTLIGHT: Jrue Holiday  is beginning to stuff the stat sheet. The second-year Sixers point guard had 19 points, six assists and four rebounds. This comes two days after a 26-point, nine-assist performance in a win over the Washington Wizards. INSIDE THE ARENA : There was quite a bit of energy inside the Wells Fargo Center. Having the Chicago Bulls in town didn't hurt, of course.  Scott Hartnell, Mike Richards, Claude Giroux and James van Riemsdyk  of the Philadelphia Flyers took in the action from front-row seats. QUOTABLE III:  "Our catch-and-shoot defense was not very good and we weren't challenging shots."   -- Bulls coach  Tom Thibodeau,  on the third quarter GOOD MOVE:  Collins was rewarded by continuing to show so much confidence in Meeks. This is a much different player than the one who began the season. Not only was Meeks scoring, he was driving to the basket and drawing fouls. Those are signs of a maturing player. BAD MOVE:  The Bulls could have run more offensive sets for  Luol Deng  -- especially in the fourth when they desperately needed baskets. Deng was a matchup problem for the Sixers and Collins even mentioned that before the game. ROOKIE WATCH: Evan Turner  scored two points in 14 minutes for the Sixers. The No. 2 overall pick from Ohio State did receive some playing time in the fourth, which will help him as he develops. Meanwhile,  Omer Asik,  a 7-footer from Turkey, had four rebounds and two assists in 12 minutes for the Bulls. NOTABLE:  Williams' 20 points for the Sixers was more than the entire Bulls bench -- 19. Overall, the Sixers' bench outscored Chicago, 32-19. INJURY UPDATE:  Nocioni dislocated his middle finger on his right hand midway through the first quarter. He returned with his finger heavily taped at the start of third. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Saturday vs. Boston, Monday vs. Detroit, Wednesday @ Charlotte. For the Sixers, Saturday @ Detroit, Tuesday vs. Indiana, Friday vs. Milwaukee.  