  Clippers-Magic Notebook   By Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday February 8, 2011 11:23PM THE FACTS:   Dwight Howard  had 22 points and 20 rebounds and the Orlando Magic broke out of a shooting slump in the fourth quarter to beat the Los Angeles Clippers, 101-85. After taking a one-point lead into the final period, the Magic broke away with 12-of-19 shooting, including 5-of-8 from behind the 3-point line. All-Star rookie forward  Blake Griffin  of the Clippers was held to 10 points and had a team-high 12 rebounds.  Baron Davis  and  Ike Diogu  had season highs of 25 and 18 points, respectively, for the Clippers. QUOTABLE:  "We had some turnovers, they had some steals. They got out on the open court and hit some threes. Once they were up, they never let up."  -  Blake Griffin . QUOTABLE II:  "Even in the first half when we weren't making anything, I liked the shots we were getting. The ball was moving, they were open shots, we were stepping into 'em. At some point we're going to break out of the way we've been shooting the ball and the ball's going to start going in the basket."  -  Magic coach  Stan Van Gundy . THE STAT:  Leading the league in both offensive rebound percentage and total rebound percentage, the Clippers took a 49-37 beating on the boards, and that doesn't include the Magic's 19-6 advantage in team rebounds. TURNING POINT:  The Clippers were ahead for most of the game until going scoreless for 5:07 midway through the third quarter. The Magic scored 13 straight points and never trailed again. HOT:  After a stretch of 6 games (and three quarters Tuesday) in which they shot only .278 from 3-point range, the Magic blew the game open with 5-of-8 shooting in the fourth quarter. NOT:  The Clippers shot 22-for-60 (.367) after the first quarter, failing to convert many open jumpers. GOOD MOVE:  With Howard lurking behind him and either  Ryan Anderson  or  Earl Clark  defending him, Griffin shot 4-for-12 and was forced to pass out to perimeter shooters, who couldn't make the Magic pay for it. QUOTABLE III:  "We were showing (Griffin) a little double team early to get him out of his comfort zone because right now he's a highlight reel. That's how they're successful and that's how they get their energy."  -  Magic guard  Gilbert Arenas . BAD MOVE:  With the Magic down 51-46 early in the third quarter, Howard picked up his fourth foul on a charge. ROOKIE WATCH:  Griffin and  Al-Farouq Aminu  combined for 19 Clipper points and 16 rebounds. NOTABLE:  It was Howard's fifth 20-20 game of the season and the 31st of his career . . . Clippers guard  Eric Gordon , the NBA's ninth-leading scorer at 24.1 points per games, missed his eight straight game due to a wrist injury . . . The Magic have beaten the Clippers nine straight times . . . Arenas made 1-of-6 3-pointers, bringing him to 14-for-63 (.222) in his last seven games. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Wednesday @ New York, Friday @ Cleveland, Sunday @ Toronto. For the Magic, Wednesday @ Philadelphia, Friday vs. New Orleans, Sunday vs. L.A. Lakers.  