
 Warriors-Cavs notebook   By Brian Dulik, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday March 8, 2011 10:49PM THE FACTS:  Shooting guard  Monta Ellis  buried six 3-pointers in the second half and scored a game-high 24 points, powering the Golden State Warriors to a 95-85 victory over the Cleveland Cavaliers. Point guard  Stephen Curry  added 23 points for Golden State, which outscored Cleveland 77-55 in the final three quarters.  Baron Davis  paced the Cavaliers with 19 points off the bench. QUOTABLE:  "Monta had to do something tonight to get us going and to get himself going. I thought he was setting up the other guys more than he was looking for his own shot early on, but he really got hot in the second half."   -- Golden State coach  Keith Smart THE STAT:  Over the second and third quarters, Ellis and Curry combined to go 7-for-7 on 3-pointers and scored 37 points. Cleveland's entire team scored 35 during that time frame. Ellis had 19 points and Curry added 18 as the Warriors turned a 12-point deficit into an 11-point lead. "I'm fortunate to be coaching a team that has two players that can shoot it deep, make mid-range pull-ups, get to the rim, and also be playmakers," Smart said of his starting backcourt. TURNING POINT:  The Cavaliers had cut Golden State's lead to 78-74 with eight minutes left in regulation, but the Warriors answered with nine straight points over the next 2:07. Adding injury to insult, the key sequence saw Cleveland center  J.J. Hickson  dislocate his left little finger while making a turnover. Ellis stole the ball and went to the other end to make a momentum-killing 25-footer. QUOTABLE II:  "When it popped out like that, I thought they were going to have to cut it off or something. I was scared. [My finger was sticking out] like an arrow."   -- Cavaliers center J.J. Hickson QUOTABLE III:  "In the first 5-6 minutes of the third quarter, I thought we were just there. You've got to be physical and aggressive with them, but after the first quarter, we didn't do that."   -- Cleveland coach  Byron Scott HOT:  Ellis took over the contest after a quiet opening period and finished with 24 points, seven rebounds, a game-best seven assists, three steals and two blocked shots. He made five of his career-high six 3-pointers in the third quarter, staking the Warriors to a double-digit lead that they never relinquished. ... Curry also stuffed the stat sheet with 23 points, seven boards, six helpers and two steals. NOT:  Cavaliers point guard  Ramon Sessions  is shooting 9-for-34 (26.5 percent) since Davis made his debut with the team three games ago. Davis is 19-for-40 (47.5 percent) with Cleveland, which is why Scott said he was "getting close" to replacing Sessions in the starting lineup. "I thought Baron was great, so I thought I'd leave him out there tonight and roll with it," Scott said. GOOD MOVE:  Cavaliers center  Ryan Hollins  kept rolling toward the rim in half-court sets, which paid off as he recorded six dunks. He missed his only two non-slam attempts, but finished with a season-high 14 points in a season-high tying 24 minutes off the bench. Hollins also played some terrific defense on pick and rolls. BAD MOVE:  Cleveland's reserves refused to stop Warriors forwards  Al Thornton  and  Vladimir Radmanovic  from attacking the basket in the pivotal second period. The veteran went 5-for-7 from the field and 5-for-5 from the foul line, capped by a Thornton three-point play in transition late in the frame. NOTABLE:  Hickson returned to the game after having his dislocated finger popped back into place. The third-year pro said he was "a little sore," but would play Wednesday in Milwaukee. ... The Warriors evened the teams' all-time series at 49-49, but Cleveland owns a 32-18 edge at home. ... Golden State power forward  David Lee  collected eight points and nine rebounds in the fourth quarter. He finished with 14 and 14. ... All fans in attendance received a bobblehead of injured Cavaliers center  Anderson Varejao . UP NEXT:  For the Warriors, Wednesday @ New Jersey, Friday vs. Orlando, Sunday vs. Minnesota. For the Cavaliers, Wednesday @ Milwaukee, Sunday vs. Oklahoma City, March 16 @ Sacramento. 
