  Lakers-Spurs notebook   By Tim Price, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday December 29, 2010 12:11AM THE FACTS: Tony Parker  scored 23 points on 10-of-18 shooting, and San Antonio limited Los Angeles to 28-percent shooting in the second half as the Spurs defeated the Lakers 97-82 Tuesday night at AT&T Center in a Western Conference showdown that didn't live up to its billing. Lakers (21-10) have lost three in a row -- all by double digits -- and have fallen into a tie for third best in the West along with Utah. The Spurs (27-4) are six games better and have won 12 of their last 13. QUOTABLE : "I couldn't put the ball in the basket, and it snowballed from there. It's my responsibility to make them. Things just kind of fed off me not being able to make shots, and everybody else started not being able to make shots. I just gotta put the ball in the damn hole. It's my job and I gotta do it."    -- Kobe Bryant THE STAT :  Tim Duncan  and  Manu Ginobili  combined to shoot 4-of-19 for 11 points, but the rest of the Spurs went 33-of-68 (48.5 percent). TURNING POINT:  Even though Bryant (he took 27 shots to score 21 points) missed his final nine shots of the first half, the Lakers were ahead by two.  DeJuan Blair  set the tone with his energy from the opening whistle of the third quarter. In a 4 1/2-minute span early in the second half he scored six points in the paint, grabbed four rebounds and had a pair of steals and turned that halftime deficit into a five-point lead. QUOTABLE II : "We played excellent team defense, and that's where we had been lacking. That was the most important part of the night for us. Tony Parker put us on his shoulders for a lot of the game, so we were able to hang in there even though Manu and Timmy didn't have their best offensive night."    -- Spurs coach  Gregg Popovich HOT : Blair played 10 minutes in the third quarter and went 4-of-5 for nine points. He finished with season highs in both 17 points and 15 rebounds. NOT:  The two MVPs went ice cold. After hitting three of his first four shots, Bryant missed 13 in a row. He finished 8-of-27 and had five turnovers. Duncan opened 0-for-6, not hitting anything from the floor until 5 1/2 minutes remaining in the third quarter, and finished 1-of-7 for two points. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Parker had a 20-point outing for the second-straight game. Though he only had three assists, he had a season-high 14 in his previous game when he scored 20 points. GOOD MOVE : In just his second game back after missing four in a row because of a right big toe sprain,  George Hill  pushed to play 27 minutes. He got so winded he asked to come out in the fourth quarter after hitting a short jumper that gave the Spurs a 15-point lead just under the five-minute mark. But in between the time he asked for a blow and the time he actually got off the floor he hustled for a steal and a blocked shot of Bryant. Hill had nine points, six rebounds and three blocked shots in the second half. BAD MOVE: Derek Fisher  got perturbed when  Richard Jefferson  bumped into him and got an easy bucket underneath that gave San Antonio an eight-point lead in the third quarter. Fisher took off with the ball after Jefferson and was called for a technical foul. On the next trip down the floor for LA, Fisher was called for an offensive foul.  Phil Jackson  put in subs that included  Matt Barnes, Shannon Brown  and  Steve Blake  and the Spurs went on to lead by 14 before Bryant and  Pau Gasol  made it back to the court. ROOKIE WATCH: Gary Neal  went 3-of-10, but the shots that went down were the ones from past the 3-point line. One of those got a high-five from Popovich and another came when the 24-second clock was dwindling. NOTABLE:  The Spurs finished December with a 10-0 record at home. If the Lakers lose Wednesday night in New Orleans, it'll mark their second four-game losing streak of the season. UP NEXT : For the Lakers, Wednesday @ New Orleans, Friday vs. Philadelphia, Sunday vs. Memphis. For the Spurs, Thursday @ Dallas, Saturday vs. Oklahoma City, Tuesday @ New York.  