  Kings-Hornets notebook   By Larry Holder, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday December 15, 2010 11:42PM THE FACTS:   Chris Paul  paced a furious comeback with 22 points and 11 assists as the New Orleans Hornets defeated the Sacramento Kings 94-91 on Wednesday night in the New Orleans Arena. The Hornets set a franchise record their 23-point comeback leading to the win was the largest deficit overcame in team history. THE STAT:  The Hornets outscored the Kings 49-23 after Sacramento held a 68-45 with 7:58 remaining in the third quarter. TURNING POINT:  Hornets guard  Marcus Thornton , who was previously buried on the coach Monty Williams' bench, hit a falling 5-foot jumper with 3:04 remaining in the game to give the Hornets their first lead since they lead 14-13 in the first quarter. New Orleans never trailed again. QUOTABLE:  "You saw at the end of that I started screaming. It felt good. It felt good to come back. After the game, I found out it was the largest comeback in franchise history. So, it was good. It felt good."   --Thornton on his tip in with 17.3 seconds left in the game to seal the improbable win. HOT:  Kings guard  Tyreke Evans  was a game-time decision after missing Tuesday night's game with plantar faciitis in his left foot. But it didn't seem to affect Evans as he scored 22 points on 9-for-18 shooting in nearly 43 minutes. So much for the injury. NOT:  Hornets starting forward  Trevor Ariza  played less than 20 minutes scoring no points while only taking three shots. Williams said sometimes that's the way things fall in a game. GOOD MOVE:  Williams' decision to finally play Thornton more minutes. Thornton hasn't played enough consistent defense to crack Williams' rotation, but the Hornets have desperately lacked scoring threats outside of Paul and  David West . Thornton went 8-for-15 from the floor scoring 19 points off the bench in nearly 24 minutes and was the scoring spark plug the Hornets (15-10) needed. ROOKIE WATCH:  Kings center  DeMarcus Cousins  scored 13 points, but he also drew a traveling call with 40.0 seconds left with the Kings (5-18) down 91-88 for a costly turnover. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Actor  Matthew McConaughey  attended Wednesday night's game and was caught on the big screen. QUOTABLE II:  "You could feel it happening. We just couldn't reverse it. The defensive intensity we had earlier wasn't there. Excessive fouling put us in the penalty early. We didn't move the ball effectively. When we did get stops, we didn't do a good job of keeping them off the boards. They got second shots. We didn't have anybody make a big play for us. There's a combination of fatigue. ... Maybe it's fatigue, maybe it's inexperience, maybe it's breaks in the game. I tend to think it's a little bit of all of them."   -- Kings coach  Paul Westphal  on losing 23-point lead. NOTABLE:  Sacramento obviously played its worst in the fourth quarter. The team only scored 14 points and shot 28.6 percent from the field. ... Kings guard  Beno Udrih  did his part scoring 20 points on 9-for-15 shooting. ... West struggled a bit as he only scored 11 points on 5-for-14 shooting. ... Hornets center  Emeka Okafor  hasn't taken a shot in the second half of the last two games. ... The Hornets paid attendance was 13,325. UP NEXT:  The next three games for each team, in this format. For the Kings, Friday @ Oklahoma City, Sunday vs. Houston, Tuesday vs. Golden State. For the Hornets, Friday vs. Utah, Sunday @ Detroit, Monday @ Indiana.  