Notebook: Mavericks 103, Cavaliers 95 
 
 
 Brian Dulik, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Nov 18, 2012 12:20 AM - Updated Sun Nov 18, 2012 12:20 AM 
 
 THE FACTS:  Shooting guard  O.J. Mayo  scored 19 points and center  Chris Kaman  collected 15 points, eight rebounds and a season-high six blocks as the Dallas Mavericks pulled away late for a 103-95 victory over the Cleveland Cavaliers. Small forward  Shawn Marion  added 10 points and 10 rebounds for the Mavericks, while point guard  Darren Collison  had 14 points and eight assists. Cavaliers point guard  Kyrie Irving  scored a game-high 26 points, but suffered a left index finger contusion in the third quarter that affected his play down the stretch. It was Cleveland's fifth straight loss. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We're going to start calling people out and challenging them. We're going to make guys accountable on this team. If they buckle, they'll buckle. But if they don't buckle, you'll see what happens." 
 -- Mavericks' Shawn Marion 
 
 THE STAT:  Reigning Rookie of the Year Irving did not have a rebound or an assist in 34 minutes. The last NBA player to score at least 26 points without a board or a helper was Portland forward  Nicolas Batum  on Feb. 4, 2012, who posted a 33-0-0 stat line against Denver. "I think this was the first time in my life that I didn't have an assist -- I mean ever," Irving said. "I was still finding the open man, but sometimes the shots just don't fall." X-rays on his hand were negative and Irving vowed to play Sunday in Philadelphia. "It hurts a lot, but I'm going to get through it," he said. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Mavericks scored nine straight points to seize a 98-89 lead with 3:05 remaining in the fourth quarter. Kaman started the run with a jumper, while Mayo followed with a 3-pointer. Collison and Marion then sandwiched hoops around a Cavaliers timeout, paving the way for Dallas to snap its four-game road losing streak. "The key to [the run] was we quit doing certifiably insane things with the basketball," quipped Mavericks coach  Rick Carlisle , whose squad made 22 turnovers. "The guys got it done together." 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "These are the wins that make you feel good because we all did it together. Despite Cleveland's record, they're a very, very good team. Whoever made the right decisions down the stretch was going to win." 
 -- Mavericks' Darren Collison 
 
 HOT:  Dallas shooting guard  Dominique Jones  had a season-high 10 points, four rebounds, five assists and two steals in 18 minutes off the bench. He had been a "Did Not Play -- Coach's Decision" in the three previous games. "My owner [ Mark Cuban ] gets an assist on that one," Carlisle said. "He talked to me last night and told me he thought Do-Jo could give us a lift tonight." ... Kaman's six blocked shots were one more than his season total entering the evening. ... Cavaliers power forward  Tristan Thompson  collected 10 points and 12 rebounds. 
 
 NOT:  Mavericks power forward  Elton Brand  started, but was scoreless in 11 minutes. ... Cavaliers rookie shooting guard  Dion Waiters  -- a first-round draft pick -- shot 4-for-16 from the field. ... Cleveland center  Tyler Zeller  had three points and two boards in 26 minutes. The rookie from North Carolina played with a protective face mask in his first action since suffering a non-displaced fracture of his left orbital bone on Nov. 5 at the Clippers. ... Cavaliers power forward  Jon Leuer  was a healthy inactive for the first time this season. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "I'm not feeling comfortable with my left hand and attacking the rim. I only had one hand [in the fourth quarter] and I was trying to force shots over Chris Kaman. He did a good job coming over, trying to block me." 
 -- Cavaliers' Kyrie Irving 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Carlisle employed an 11-man rotation in the opening half, one night after the Mavericks were blown out in Indiana. The veteran coach then rolled the dice with 2:27 left in the third quarter by inserting swingman  Dahntay Jones  into the game for the first time. Jones wound up playing the final 14:27, picking up three points, two boards and two assists. "Playing 11 in the first half is unusual, but we needed them all," Carlisle said. "And Dahntay was a big-time pro stepping up for us." 
 
 BAD MOVE:  The 34-year-old Marion played 33 minutes in his second game in two nights. He had missed Dallas' previous five contests with a sprained left knee. "I didn't want to play Marion 32 minutes tonight, but he was so good in the fourth quarter that I didn't want to take him off the floor," Carlisle said. Marion said he understood his coach's rationale. "I'm feeling it right now, but sometimes you do what you've got to do because we needed this win," he said. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Cavaliers small forward  Alonzo Gee  went 3-for-5 from the foul line, snapping his perfect 20-for-20 start to the season. ... Irving was called for traveling in the first quarter when he stepped over the baseline while inbounding the ball. ... Zeller rejected a 3-point attempt by Dominique Jones in the third. ... Cleveland forced 22 turnovers while committing a season-low 11 miscues. ... Cuban sat courtside next to the Mavericks' bench. ... There were 24 lead changes and nine ties. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Mavericks, Monday vs. Golden State, Wednesday vs. New York, Saturday vs. L.A. Lakers. For the Cavaliers, Sunday @ Philadelphia, Wednesday vs. Philadelphia, Friday @ Orlando. 
