Notebook: Celtics 94, Warriors 86 
 
 
 Brian Robb, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Mar 01, 2013 11:54 PM - Updated Fri Mar 01, 2013 11:54 PM 
 
 THE FACTS: Paul Pierce  finished with a game-high 26 points, as the Boston Celtics took control in the second half and held off the Golden State Warriors with a 94-86 win.  Jeff Green  scored of his 10 of 18 points in the fourth quarter for Boston, as they overcame 17 turnovers and won their eighth straight game at the TD Garden.  Stephen Curry  had 25 points for the visitors, but struggled through a miserable shooting night (6-for-22) and his teammates could not pick up the slack offensively. The Warriors have now dropped three straight games overall, and nine of their last 12.   
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I give them credit, they defended, but we missed shots. That's who they are. They're well prepared, extremely well prepared. Extremely well coached, and they battled. We missed shots, and we turned the basketball over. We allowed them to get it going in transition a little bit. And they won the ball." --  Warriors coach   Mark Jackson. 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Warriors shot just 34 percent (32-of-94) from the field, their second lowest field goal percentage in a game this season.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  After Golden State tied the game at 60 midway through the third quarter, the Celtics closed the frame with a 9-2 run to give the Celtics a seven-point edge heading into the fourth. The Warriors got no closer than five points the rest of the way.   
 
 GOOD MOVE:  After Boston's best perimeter defender,  Avery Bradley  went to the bench with his fifth foul early in the third quarter,  Doc Rivers  had his team switch to a zone defense. The adjustment worked, as the normally sharpshooting Warriors hit a putrid 30.2 percent of their shots in the second half. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  ""I think it really bothered them. You know, they're a great one-on-one team who really thrives on taking you off the dribble, making an extra pass, shooting the three-ball. I think it altered their offense a little bit once we got into the zone. It was really effective, especially in the second half." --  Pierce . 
 
 
 HOT:   Pierce -- Boston's longtime captain came out assertive in the first half, scoring 18 of his 26 points before intermission on 7-of-10 shooting.  
 
 NOT: Jarrett Jack   -- Golden State's shooters struggled for much of the night, but the normally reliable sixth man was a major liability Friday night. Jack missed eight of his nine shots, and scored just two points in 18 minutes of action.  
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT: Chris Wilcox  -- The veteran big man has enjoyed the benefit of additional playing time since Boston traded away  Jason Collins  last week. Wilcox put together one of his best games of the season against the Warriors, posting eight points and seven rebounds in 21 minutes off the bench.    
 
 ROOKIE WATCH: Harrison Barnes  -- The standout small forward started off strong with 13 points in the first half, but trailed off late against a stingy Celtics' zone defense.  
 
 NOTABLE: D.J. White  and  Shavlik Randolph  dressed for their first games as members of the Boston Celtics. Both players signed 10-day contracts with the team this week, but did not see action against the Warriors. Recent new additions  Jordan Crawford  and  Terrence Williams  also made their home debuts. Crawford scored four points and grabbed five rebounds in 17 minutes.  David Lee  returned to action for Golden State after serving a one-game suspension for his involvement in an altercation against Indiana Tuesday night. The Warriors have lost the first three games of their four-game road trip. The Warriors have lost eight of their last ten games in Boston.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For Golden State, Saturday @ Philadelphia, Monday vs. Indiana, Wednesday vs. Sacramento. For Boston, Tuesday @ Philadelphia, Wednesday @ Indiana, Friday vs. Atlanta.    
