  Notebook: Warriors 119, Jazz 101   By Steve R. Waterhouse, for NBA.com Posted Friday February 3, 2012 2:07AM THE FACTS: Monta Ellis  and  Stephen Curry  combined on a 62-point effort as the Warriors scored a season high in points to beat the Jazz 119-101. Ellis' 33-point effort included a season-high 17 in the third quarter. He shot 13 of 21 and has five 30-plus point games this season -- two against the Jazz. Curry added 29 on a 10-for-14 effort and dished out a season-high 12 assists. QUOTEABLE:  "They are a dynamic backcourt that can score. And at their best, I would put them up against anybody in the game. We know what they're capable of."  --  Warriors coach  Mark Jackson  on the play of Ellis and Curry. THE STAT:  The Warriors limited their turnovers to a season-low eight, tying Tuesday's total in a win over Sacramento. They also helped themselves on the glass with 22 offensive rebounds that led to 28 second-chance points. TURNING POINT:  The Warriors closed out the third quarter with a 13-2 run and opened the fourth with a 5-0 run that turned a 75-all tie into a 93-77 lead. NOTEABLE:  The Warriors closed out this six-game homestand with a 3-3 mark. ... After a rough start,  David Lee  played a big factor in the second half with 17 points. Lee was 2 of 12 in the first half with six points. He finished with a 9-for-23, 23-point, 14-rebound effort. ...  Andris Biedrins  grabbed eight rebounds in the first quarter -- a team-high this season. He finished with nine boards and played a season-high 28 minutes. Though, he was the only starter who didn't score a point. ...  Jamaal Tinsley , who started for injured  Devin Harris , scored nine points and dished out 13 assists for the Jazz. ...  Gordon Hayward  led Utah with 21 points and  Al Jefferson  and  Josh Howard  scored 19 apiece. HOT: Dorell Wright  (13 points), Lee, Ellis and Curry combined on a 62.5-percent shooting effort in a 40-point third quarter. The Warriors scored 71 points in the second half -- tied for the most in a half by any team this season. QUOTEABLE II:  "We really, in the second half, separated ourselves offensively. We executed, we took care of the basketball, we limited their second-chance opportunities and we defended. It was a thing of beauty -- unselfish basketball. You look at David (Lee) struggling early on shooting the basketball, but he continued to battle. I couldn't be more satisfied with the effort collectively."  --  Jackson. IN THE ARENA:  In addition to Warriors owners  Peter Guber  and  Joe Lacob  was self-help author and motivational speaker  Tony Robbins . UP NEXT:  For the Jazz, Saturday vs. Los Angeles Lakers, Monday @ New York, Tuesday @ Indiana. For the Warriors, Saturday @ Sacramento, Tuesday vs. Oklahoma City, Thursday @ Denver.  