  Pacers-Bucks notebook   By Rick Braun, for NBA.com Posted Sunday February 13, 2011 12:09AM THE FACTS:   Danny Granger  scored 30 points, including two 3-pointers during a decisive 14-0 run in the fourth quarter, and  Darren Collison  added 22 points as the Indiana Pacers improved to 7-1 under new coach  Frank Vogel  with a 103-97 victory over the Milwaukee Bucks Saturday night at the Bradley Center in Milwaukee. QUOTABLE:  "That's the sign of a playoff team, the ability to shut another team down in the fourth quarter."  -  Indiana coach Frank Vogel on his team forcing Milwaukee to miss 12 straight field goal attempts in the fourth quarter. THE STAT:  The Bucks made just 8 of 26 shots (30.8 percent) in the fourth but it was much worse than even those numbers. While the game was still on the line, Milwaukee made just two of its first 17 shots (11.8 percent) in the quarter, including 12 in a row, to fall behind by 14 points.  Earl Boykins'  3-pointer with 1:49 left ended the streak of 12 misses, and Milwaukee made 6 of its last 9 to make the numbers look better than they really were. TURNING POINT:  A behind-the-back pass from  Andrew Bogut  set up  Carlos Delfino  for a layup that tied the game at 76 with 9:51 left. From there the Bucks went 8:02 without a field goal, although  Luc Richard Mbah a Moute's  two free throws with 9:08 gave them a brief 78-77 lead. Indiana's 14-0 run after that turned things around quite emphatically. QUOTABLE II:  "He definitely needs more touches and more field goal attempts. It's just a matter of trying to get everybody in sync and a few guys at a time having a good offensive night instead of just one on any given night. It's something we're struggling with."  -  Bucks guard  John Salmons  on Bogut getting just 10 field goal attempts HOT:  The Pacers went 5 for 5 during their deciding 14-0 run in the fourth quarter. ... Pacers forward  Josh McRoberts  made all four shots he took, including a 3-pointer. NOT:  Not a single player in Milwaukee's starting five made at least half of his shots. INSIDE THE ARENA:  At halftime the Bucks saluted the Green Bay Packers for their Super Bowl XLV victory last Sunday, with Packer president and CEO  Mark Murphy , cornerback  Charles Woodson  and safety  Charlie Peprah  on hand. The Lombardi Trophy also was on display on a table at halfcourt during the ceremony, which included U.S. Senator  Herb Kohl , the Bucks' owner. GOOD MOVE:  With the speedy Collison running the offense, the Pacers looked to run even off made Milwaukee baskets, leading to 18 fast-break points, including eight of them on fouls. Between that and attacking the basket in the half-court sets, the Pacers more than doubled Milwaukee in free throw attempts, 41-20. NOTABLE:  After scoring eight points in the first 5:50, Bucks forward  Corey Maggette  left with lower back pain and did not return. ... .The Pacers ended a six-game losing streak to the Bucks and now hold a 4 ½-game lead over Milwaukee in the race for the final playoff spot in the Eastern Conference. ... The loss was Milwaukee's third straight and dropped the Bucks to 13 games under .500 for the first time since they finished the 2008-'09 season at 34-48. UP NEXT:  For the Pacers, Tuesday vs. Miami, Wednesday @ Detroit, Feb. 22 @ Washington. For the Bucks, Monday vs. Los Angeles Clippers, Wednesday vs. Denver, Feb. 22 vs. Minnesota.  