Notebook: Celtics 111, Heat 110 
 
 
 Zachary Paul, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Nov 09, 2013 11:35 PM - Updated Sat Nov 09, 2013 11:35 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Miami Heat shot 57.7 percent for the game, including 66.7 percent in the fourth quarter, and still lost.  
 
 THE LEAD:  Forward  Jeff Green  sank a  buzzer-beating 3-pointer from the right corner to give the Boston Celtics a 111-110 win against the Miami Heat on Saturday at American Airlines Arena. 
 Boston trailed 110-106 with 3.6 seconds left after  LeBron James  made two free throws. But after hitting a layup, Celtics forward  Gerald Wallace  fouled  Dwyane Wade  on the inbounds pass with 0.6 seconds left. Wade missed the first free throw and intentionally missed the second, failing to hit the rim. That gave the ball back to Boston, with Wallace in-bounding, and he delivered a perfect crosscourt pass to Green.  
 Green led the Celtics with 24 points, and the Celtics starting backcourt of  Avery Bradley  and  Jordan Crawford  combined for 32. 
 James, shaking off a sore back, scored 25 points with eight rebounds and 10 assists.  Chris Bosh  scored 20, but missed a 22-footer with 21.1 seconds left.  
 It was the third straight win for the Celtics. Miami had won three straight after a 1-2 start. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "They outplayed us, outcompeted against us. This game has always had an energy and a karma about it, and we did too many things where we did not deserve to win that game and it cost us in the end."  
 -- Heat coach Erik  Spoelstra 
 
 
 THE STAT:   The Celtics led in fast break points, 15-5.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  Wade acknowledged that he made the decision to miss the second free throw on his own. If he had merely made that shot, the best the Celtics could have done at the end was tie.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I had that play written down, but I have never run it before."  
 -- Celtics coach  Brad Stevens  said of the final play. 
 
 
 HOT:   Michael Beasley , inserted in the second quarter for a spark, scored 10 points in just eight minutes for the Heat, then didn't play again. For that stretch, the Heat ran offense through him, even with James and Bosh on the floor.  
 
 NOT:  No one in particular, with neither defense putting up much resistance. But rookie  Kelly Olyny k , making his first NBA start, did miss six of nine shots.  
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Stevens gave Wallace extended minutes down the stretch, and the veteran responded with several big plays.  
 
 BAD MOVE:  Doesn't get much worse than Wade missing those free throws. "I was trying to hit the rim but it didn't go as planned," he said.  
 
  NOTABLE:   Udonis Haslem  (back) did not play, so  Shane Battier  started in his place for the Heat..  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Tuesday vs. Bucks, Friday vs. Mavericks. For the Celtics, Monday vs. Magic, Wednesday vs. Bobcats, Friday vs. Blazers.  
