  Notebook: Bulls 85, Magic 59 Posted Tuesday March 20, 2012 12:27AM By Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com THE FACTS: Carlos Boozer  had 24 points and 13 rebounds and the Chicago Bulls, playing without  Derrick Rose , handed the Orlando Magic their most one-sided home defeat in eight years, 85-59. John Lucas III  came off the Chicago bench for 20 points, hitting his first three 3-point shots late in the first quarter. Dwight Howard  was the only Magic player to score more than 10 points, finishing with 18 points and 12 rebounds. Bulls head coach  Tom Thibodeau  became the quickest coach in NBA history to win his 100th game, doing it in his 130th game. QUOTABLE:  "Tonight you saw a team playing without their star player and they did what they needed to do to win, and they beat us with no problem. I wish they would have had Derrick Rose, in a sense."  --  Magic forward  Glen Davis . THE STAT:  The Bulls set a franchise record for fewest points allowed in a regular season game. QUOTABLE II:  "The real story honestly was our defense. That was probably one of the best performances on defense we've had this season."  --  Bulls forward  Carlos Boozer . ANOTHER STAT:  The 26-point margin of defeat was the worst in the  Stan Van Gundy  era, of which this is the fifth season. The last time the Magic lost by more than 26 points at home was a 118-88 loss to Dallas on March 28, 2004. TURNING POINT:  The Magic led, 14-13, when Lucas nailed a 3-pointer with 1:42 left in the first quarter. He made two more within a minute and another long jumper to start the second quarter to put Chicago up by 10. QUOTABLE III:  "We've got a deep team and everybody stepped up."  --  Thibodeau . HOT:  Boozer made nine of his first 12 shots, mostly rainbow jumpers and fadeaway jumpers. NOT:  The Magic shot 35 percent overall, 20 percent from behind the arc and 39 percent from the free-throw line. GOOD MOVE:  The Bulls got by all night with single coverage on Howard from  Joakim Noah, Omer Asik  and Boozer, which enabled them to guard the perimeter. BAD MOVE:  When  Ryan Anderson  scored on an offensive rebound, the Magic were down by only 11 early in the second half. That's when Howard got his ninth technical foul of the season. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Rose, who has missed four games with a groin strain, is likely to miss at least one more. QUOTABLE IV:  "They've played without the league MVP and they've beaten Philly and Miami and blown us out. Give them credit for what they're doing and what kind of team they have."  --  Van Gundy. IN THE ARENA:  Lots of Bulls fans chanting: "SCAL-a-BRI-ne!" ( Brian Scalabrine  played the final 22.9 seconds). NOTABLE: Avery Johnson  of Dallas held the record broken by Thibodeau, winning his 100th game in 131 tries . . . The worst home-court defeat of the Van Gundy era had been his first defeat at home, a 116-92 loss to Detroit on Nov. 2, 2007. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Wednesday @ Toronto, Saturday vs. Toronto, Monday vs. Denver. For the Magic, Wednesday vs. Phoenix, Friday vs. Cleveland, Monday @ Toronto.  