
 Hornets-Spurs notebook    By Tim Price, for NBA.com  Posted Saturday October 30, 2010 11:57PM THE FACTS:   Chris Paul  had only five assists for New Orleans, but he was perfect from the 3-point line and didn't miss a free throw as his 25 points led the Hornets to a 3-0 record with a 99-90 victory over the San Antonio Spurs (1-1) on Saturday at AT&T Center.  Tony Parker , who's $50-million contract extension over four seasons was announced Saturday morning, was uninjured but did not play in the fourth quarter after going 0-of-4 in 11 third-quarter minutes. QUOTABLE:  "I wasn't surprised (Parker sat out the entire fourth quarter). I play the Spurs four times a year, so I sort of know how Pop (Spurs coach Gregg Popovich) goes. He's one of those coaches that, whatever group gets you back in the game, he's going to let those guys ride it out." --  Hornets star Chris Paul THE STAT:  The Hornets were a perfect 4-of-4 converting fastbreak opportunities in the third quarter. So New Orleans outscored the Spurs 13-2 running down the floor on the break in the quarter and broke open a one-point game into a 16-point lead heading into the fourth. TURNING POINT:  After being called for an offensive charge against Parker with 2:17 left in the first half, Paul took out his frustrations. He hit 6-of-7 in the seven minutes that followed as the Hornets outscored San Antonio 26-9. That changed a 39-34 Spurs lead to a 60-48 advantage for New Orleans. QUOTABLE II:  "I thought (the team that was on the court in the fourth quarter) was more aggressive. I thought they were very active, did their work early and they made their shots." --  Spurs head coach Gregg Popovich HOT: Marcus Thornton  was 7-of-15 coming in, and he went 8-for-14 for a season-high 17 points off the bench with seven rebounds. NOT:  In his two games as a starter as a 6-8 center alongside  Tim Duncan , second-year player  DeJuan Blair  has gone a combined 4-of-19. Though he had 11 rebounds with four on the offensive end, Blair went 2-for-10 against the Hornets -- but so did Duncan. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Though he missed nine of his 11 3-pointers,  Manu Ginobili  scored 23 points and had six assists and a pair of steals after scoring 22 points in the opener. GOOD MOVE:  It appeared to work for a while when Parker sat out the entire fourth quarter and Duncan played only the final 27 seconds of the game. The backcourt of Ginobili,  George Hill  and rookie  Gary Neal  helped the Spurs double up the Hornets by outscoring them 30-15 during a stretch of nine minutes. It was 93-90 with two minutes left. BAD MOVE:  Perhaps Parker sitting ended up backfiring. With a rookie (Neal), second-year player (Blair) and third-year player (Hill) representing youth on the floor, San Antonio failed to score in six trips down the floor to finish the game. ROOKIE WATCH:  Neal, who the Spurs signed out of Europe after a college career at Towson, hit his first NBA shot (a 3-pointer) with five minutes left in the third quarter. He later took a quick 3-pointer following an offensive rebound by Blair, and his miss went right back down the court and resulted in  Trevor Ariza's  3-pointer off a pass from Paul that made it a nine-point lead for New Orleans. The next time he took a shot he missed, leaving  Willie Green  to rebound and go all the way down the floor for another Hornets' basket. Plus, he fouled Green, who made the free throw and gave New Orleans a 16-point lead with a minute to go before the fourth quarter. Neal finished 3-of-6 for eight points. NOTABLE:  New Orleans is off to a 3-0 start for the first time since '07-08. UP NEXT:  For the Hornets, Wednesday @ Houston, Friday vs. Miami, Saturday @ Milwaukee. For the Spurs, Monday @ Clippers, Wednesday @ Phoenix, Saturday vs. Houston. 
