
 Grizzlies-Hawks notebook   By Matt Winkeljohn, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday December 1, 2010 11:06PM THE FACTS:  In their first game without All-Star guard Joe Johnson, who will undergo surgery Thursday to remove "loose objects" from his right (shooting) elbow, the Hawks won their fourth straight game with a 112-109 victory over the visiting Grizzlies.  Al Horford  led six Hawks in double figures with 20 points. Atlanta's bench was big, outscoring Memphis reserves 40-26 as  Josh Powell  and  Jamal Crawford  scored 16 points each.  Rudy Gay  scored 23 and  Mike Conley  22 for Memphis, which lost for just the second time in six games as Atlanta swept the season series 2-0.  QUOTABLE:  "Definitely. You'll see a balanced attack, and I think that's tough for other teams to key in on when you've got six or seven guys scoring like that."    -- Jamal Crawford, when asked if Wednesday's share-the-ball approach will become the status quo as the Hawks move on without Joe Johnson. THE STAT:  11 -- The Hawks had just 11 turnovers against a Memphis team that entered the game ranked No. 1 in the NBA in forced turnovers (17.8 per game), and No. 2 in steals (9.44; they had just five Wednesday). TURNING POINT:  Memphis trailed 63-57 at halftime, and fell behind 86-76 by the end of the third quarter before drawing within a point as Conley's running jumper whittled Atlanta's lead to 95-94 with 4:37 left in the game.  Mike Bibby  countered with a 3-pointer on the ensuing possession, and added treys with 2:25 and 17 seconds left in the game as well. He shot 4-for-5 from long range Wednesday, and has made 16 of 20 over the previous six games. This prompted coach  Larry Drew  to say, "I've got to get him more play calls. He is into a groove. When he gets his feet under him, he can knock them down with the best of them." QUOTABLE II:  "That guy's shooting 56 percent from the 3-point line, and he's got a huge heart. If there was a key play to be made, he made it. [The Hawks] didn't feature any one player like they would do more of with Joe Johnson in the game."    -- Grizzlies coach  Lionel Hollins  on Mike Bibby, who is actually shooting 53.8 percent from beyond the arc. HOT:  Powell was smoking in the second quarter, when Atlanta turned a 29-27 deficit into a 63-57 halftime lead with a 36-point run that represented the Hawks' most productive second quarter of the season. Powell scored 12 points in the period, including six straight in the middle of the quarter, on 6-for-7 shooting. Fellow sub Crawford scored 10 in the period. . . .Memphis' Conley followed his season's-best 28-point outing in Tuesday's win over the Lakers with 22 points and nine assists. He made 10 of 13 shots for the second night in a row. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Depending on the parameters of your league, it might be worth looking at  Maurice Evans  if you're in need of a second-tier player whose numbers figure to ratchet upward. He'll likely remain the starter for as long as Johnson is out, and in his first start for Johnson Wednesday night he scored nine first-half points. Similarly, Crawford's minutes will increase although perhaps not as dramatically as Evans'. ROOKIE WATCH:  One night after serving as the chief protagonist while the Grizzlies harassed the Lakers'  Kobe Bryant  into a 9-for-25 shooting night, Grizzlies guard  Xavier Henry  had a non-descript game. He scored three points in 22-plus minutes, did not grab a rebound, and had one assist and a blocked shot. NOTABLE:  The Hawks like playing the Grizzlies. Prior to Wednesday, Atlanta's season high in points came in 119-104 season-opening win at Memphis on Oct. 27. Atlanta's 112 points represented their fifth-largest output of the season. . . . Atlanta moved to 5-5 at home. The Hawks are 7-2 on the road, the best mark in franchise history after the first nine away games. UP NEXT:  For the Grizzlies, Friday vs. Rockets; Sunday @ Nuggets; Monday @ Jazz. For the Hawks, Friday vs. 76ers; Saturday @ Heat; Monday @ Magic. 
