Notebook: Thunder 97, Magic 89 
 
 
 Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Mar 22, 2013 11:20 PM - Updated Fri Mar 22, 2013 11:20 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:   Kevin Durant  scored nine straight points during a fourth-quarter stretch in which the Thunder blocked four of five Orlando Magic shots and Oklahoma City pulled out a 97-89 victory. 
 Durant and  Russell Westbrook  scored 21 of the Thunder's 27 points in the fourth quarter as they broke a two-game losing streak and stretched Orlando's losing streak to six. 
 Westbrook scored 18 of his 19 points in the second half. 
 
 Maurice Harkless  matched Durant's game-high 25 points. It was a career scoring high for the Magic rookie, who also had nine rebounds and a career-high four blocks. 
 
 Serge Ibaka  finished with 14 points, 13 rebounds and five of the Thunder's 11 blocks. 
 The Thunder led by 15 points in the first half, but didn't take the lead for good until Durant's 3-pointer with 2:44 left. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "In the third quarter they got hot on us. I think we took their punch and were able to get some stops and make some big plays in the fourth." 
 -- Durant 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Thunder shot 10 free throws in the last 100 seconds of the game. The Magic shot 10 free throws all night. 
 
 ANOTHER STAT:  During a stretch of the second quarter, the Magic played with Harkless,  Andrew Nicholson ,  E'Twaun Moore ,  DeQuan Jones  and  Beno Udrih : Total years of NBA experience: nine, eight of them Udrih's. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Durant blocked a layup by  Tobias Harris  that would have given the Magic an 84-83 lead with 5:52 left, then nailed a 3-pointer at the other end. 
 
 HOT:  Harkless had a big night from the inside and outside, shooting 11-for-18 including a couple of slick dunks  and 2-of-3 from behind the arc. 
 
 NOT:  Harris had major problems with the Thunder's long from line, shooting 3-for-17. Most of his misses were blocked or altered. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We missed a couple of layups. They got their hands on a lot of them. I know I missed a whole lot of easy shots that I normally make." -- Harris. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "I like the way we started. I liked the way we finished, with a defensive mindset. Every possession was intense and forused defensive basketball." 
 -- Thunder coach  Scott Brooks 
 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Considering the Magic's injury problems, Harkless and Harris figure to be getting plenty of shots and points in their 12 remaining games.   
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  O'Quinn became the fourth rookie to start a game for the Magic this season. 
 
 NOTABLE:  The Magic will play their first nationally televised game of the season Monday night against Miami on ESPN . . . Magic center  Nikola Vucevic  did not play because of a concussion he got Tuesday night . . . Magic guard  Arron Afflalo  went down with a hamstring injury early in the second quarter and did not return. The extent of the injury was not known immediately after the game. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Thunder: Sunday vs. Portland, Wednesday vs. Washington, Friday @ Minnesota. For the Magic: Monday vs. Miami, Wednesday @ Charlotte, Friday vs. Washington. 
