  Notebook: Pacers 102, Clippers 89 Posted Tuesday March 20, 2012 11:10PM By Conrad Brunner, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  One of the primary byproducts of Indiana's acquisition of  Leandro Barbosa  is more time at the point for  George Hill . The early returns from both players were remarkably positive. Barbosa scored 12 points with three assists in 18 minutes in his debut with the Pacers while Hill had 15 points, six assists and zero turnovers as the Pacers snapped a two-game losing streak with a 102-89 victory over the Los Angeles Clippers Tuesday at Bankers Life Fieldhouse in Indianapolis. Indiana's second unit held a dominant 50-23 scoring advantage as Hill, Barbosa and  Tyler Hansbrough  (17 points) all had big nights.  Blake Griffin  led the Clippers with 23 points and 10 rebounds but did most of his damage in the first half. Indiana improved to 26-18 while L.A. (26-19) opened a back-to-back-to-back stretch, all on the road, by snapping a two-game win streak. QUOTABLE:  "My teammates, they really helped me to be comfortable out there. First of all, I'm very happy to get the first win at home. I was very excited to play with the second group, it's an energy group and we run like crazy so it was enjoyable. And to see the fans cheering for us when we bring that energy was just great. I'm very happy to be here."   -- Barbosa THE STAT:  Indiana's second unit has scored at least 44 points in four of the last five games and is averaging 43.4 in that span, well above the season average of 29.9. TURNING POINT:  The second unit changed the game in the first half, scoring 19 of the points in a 21-6 run that turned a 30-23 Indiana deficit into a 44-36 advantage. The starters blew it open in the second as  Roy Hibbert  had a three-point play and  Danny Granger  hit consecutive 3-pointers as Indiana pushed the advantage to 73-62 late in the third period to take full control. QUOTABLE II:  "We owned the airspace. We played a more physical game, went back to the way we play, really not focused on the offensive end, focused on the defensive end. Any time we can focus on the defensive end, the offense will take care of itself. We have a lot of guys on this team that can score the ball but we have to be willing to defend. When we do that, we're all right."   -- Hill HOT:  Hill made 6-of-7 shots, including all three of his 3-pointers. Hansbrough was 7-of-10 as Indiana's second unit combined to shoot 21 of 35 (.600). ... Griffin shot 10 of 18, while Chris Paul was 6-of-11 and scored 16. NOT:  Indiana's starters combined to shoot 14 of 38 (.368), even with Granger scoring a game-high 25. He shot 7 of 17. QUOTABLE III:  "George Hill and Barbosa, who just got here, are both fast. Granger is a handful. I thought we did a good job on  Paul George . I thought Hansbrough's first half really set the tone. The free throws and their bench are really what bothered us. We didn't shoot the ball well enough and they got a lot of production from a lot of guys tonight."   -  Clippers Coach Vinny Del Negro GOOD MOVE:  With Hill playing well in the second half, Vogel stuck with the backup point guard down the stretch and it paid off as Hill made a number of key buckets, including a pair of 3-pointers late in the shot clock and a heady lead pass that Barbosa converted into a three-point play. BAD MOVE:  Del Negro used a zone defense for much of the fourth quarter but the Pacers had no problems against it, stretching the lead to 19. NOTABLE:  In addition to Barbosa's debut with the Pacers,  Nick Young  made his first start with the Clippers, scoring 13 points on 5-of-13 shooting, 1-of-6 from the 3-point line. With Young in the lineup,  Randy Foye  shifted to the bench and in fact picked up his first DNP-CD of the season. ... Tempers flared in the second half, as Hansbrough and Griffin got tangled up under the bucket, and Paul and  Lou Amundson  likewise locked up tumbling into the Pacers bench at the end of the third quarter. Both incidents prompted brief scrums but no technical fouls. ... Adding Barbosa to the mix shakes up Indiana's second unit rotations. Hill, who has played almost exclusively at shooting guard, will spend more time backing up  Darren Collison  at the point. That knocks  A.J. Price , who had been playing well, out of the rotation. ...  Jeff Foster  missed his ninth straight game and 33rd of the season with a sore back. His status is scheduled to be re-evaluated this week. UP NEXT:  For the Pacers, Thursday @ Washington, Friday vs. Phoenix, Saturday @ Milwaukee. For the Clippers, Wednesday @ Oklahoma City, Thursday @ New Orleans, Saturday vs. Memphis.  