
 Celtics-Grizzlies notebook Posted Sunday November 14, 2010 12:09AM THE FACTS:  Boston's Big Three may be aging, but in Saturday night's final game of a four-game road trip,  Ray Allen ,  Paul Pierce  and  Kevin Garnett  combined to score 13 of the team's 17 points in overtime to knock off the Memphis Grizzlies, 116-110, in front of a sellout crowd at FedExForum. The win was the Celtics third of their trip, leaving them with a 10-2 mark. QUOTABLE:  "It feels like we've been on the road for awhile. You get mentally fatigued, especially on Saturday night when you should be at home watching the  (Manny) Pacquiao  fight. That's what I'm more disappointed at, letting this thing go to overtime. I got the fight on DVR." -- Pierce, who scored a game-high 28 points, on the team finally returning to Boston. THE STAT:  When  Rudy Gay  scored with 7.3 seconds remaining in regulation to tie the game and eventually send it into overtime, the Grizzlies appeared to have the momentum. But Boston responded by scoring the first seven points in overtime to pull out the win. TURNING POINT:  Through three quarters,  Ray Allen  made just 1 of 6 shots from the floor, causing coach  Doc Rivers  to take him out earlier than he normally would. Rivers told Allen to stop looking for his shot and to let it come to him. When Allen re-entered the game, he made four of his last five shots, including a 3-pointer to wipe out the Grizzlies' fourth quarter lead, and another 3-pointer early in the overtime period to give the Celtics a five-point cushion. ROOKIE WATCH:  Grizzlies coach  Lionel Hollins  said he had been contemplating playing rookie point guard  Greivis Vasquez . He finally got the seldom-used guard into the game late in the third quarter and Vasquez didn't disappoint. His hustle on both ends of the floor ignited a run by the Grizzles that saw them wipeout a four-point deficit when he entered the game, and eventually take a three-point fourth-quarter lead. Vasquez finished with seven points, two assists and two rebounds in 12 minutes, all career-highs. HOT:  Boston veteran center  Shaquille O'Neal  turned back the clock for a night as he showed flashes of how he used to dominate games in his prime. O'Neal was dunking early and often against the Grizzlies, scoring 14 of his 18 points in the first half. O'Neal made 7 of his 10 shots, and even went 4 of 5 from the free-throw line, while grabbing six rebounds. NOT:  After a strong start, Grizzlies point guard  Mike Conley  has struggled. Conley made just 3 of 10 shots and committed 13 turnovers -- including a pair of costly ones in overtime. QUOTABLE II:  "We're still learning each other. I'm still learning the other players. Once we get like 30, 40, 50 games in, we'll be like Mamma Mia." --  Shaquille O'Neal  on fitting in with his new team. NOTABLE:  Thanks to a sizeable crowd of Boston fans, the Grizzlies recorded their first sellout of the season, the earliest they've had a sellout in a season since Opening Night of the 2005-06 season. UP NEXT:  For the Celtics, Wednesday vs. Washington, Friday vs. Oklahoma City, Nov. 21 at Toronto; For the Grizzlies: Monday at Orlando, Tuesday vs. Portland, Saturday vs. Miami. 
