  Wolves-Warriors notebook   By Geoff Lepper, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday December 15, 2010 1:55AM THE FACTS:   Monta Ellis  scored 34 points, including 19 in the second quarter, and  Reggie Williams  added 26, all but four in the second half, as the Golden State Warriors won for the second time in 14 games, beating the Minnesota Timberwolves 108-99 Tuesday night.  Darko Milicic  scored a career-high 25 points for Minnesota, which nonetheless fell to 1-13 on the road. QUOTABLE:  "It's finally starting to sink in. It's important not just for him, but for his teammates to know, this kid can play, and he can score, when he's aggressive and people are believing in him. I think he is starting to understand that his teammates want him to do it because he can. They know his ability."    -- Warriors coach  Keith Smart  on Williams, who is 17-for-23 on 3-pointers and averaging 22.5 points over his last four games THE STAT:  After opening up with an ice-cold 17-point first quarter, the Warriors -- who came in ranked 20th in the league in terms of field-goal percentage, at 44.8 percent -- shot 56.9 percent the rest of the way. TURNING POINT:  The Warriors led for the final 18 minutes, but the advantage wasn't secure until an 8-2 run midway through the fourth quarter -- capped by a streaking fast-break dunk from Williams -- which made it 100-88 with 3:45 to go. HOT:  Ellis wasn't perfect from the floor in the second quarter, missing five of 12 shots, but the Timberwolves were powerless to stop him as he racked up 19 points. Minnesota tried doubling him with a third man shading over in the lane as cover; Ellis simply scythed through the double-team and scored on the help defender. Then the Timberwolves put  Luke Ridnour  on him, so Ellis posted him up and casually dropped in spinning layups. NOT:   Kevin Love  didn't have a terrible game, in terms of counting stats (13 points, 14 rebounds) but his 6-for-18 night didn't help Minnesota as it tried to hang onto an early 11-point lead. And he fell one board short of extending his streak of games with at least 15 rebounds, which ended at 10 straight. QUOTEABLE II:  "In the second half, we did not give maximum effort. We gave them too many second-chance opportunities and turned the ball over too many times. It was a bunch of little things that we failed to execute."    -- Minnesota coach  Kurt Rambis FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  After sitting out 24 games recovering from back surgery,  Martell Webster  made some noise in his debut with the Timberwolves, scoring 17 points on 6-for-8 shooting with five rebounds -- and five turnovers -- in 26 minutes. Watch out for him as a waiver-wire pickup. GOOD MOVE:  With Ellis playing the entire game -- his fifth consecutive contest clocking 40-plus minutes -- Smart had to get creative to buy him some "rest" on the floor. So when Rambis brought  Corey Brewer  into the game during the third quarter to take over for the woefully overmatched Ridnour, Smart essentially removed Ellis from the game plan, having him stand in the corner as a decoy to catch his breath while Williams commenced taking advantage of Ridnour's porous defense. NOTABLE:   Jonny Flynn , who also hadn't played all year for Minnesota because of a bad hip, made his season debut with three points and four assists in 16:31. . . . This was Ellis' fifth 30-point game this season. . . . Golden State snapped a seven-game losing streak overall and five-game losing streak at home. . . . Despite the end of his streak, Love did record his 20th double-double of the year. UP NEXT:  For the Timberwolves, Wednesday @ Phoenix, Friday @ Portland, Saturday @ Denver. For the Warriors, Saturday @ Portland, Monday vs. Houston, Tuesday @ Sacramento.  