Notebook: Warriors 89, Nuggets 81 
 
 
 Michael Kelly, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Dec 24, 2013 1:23 AM - Updated Tue Dec 24, 2013 1:23 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Nuggets have suffered as many home losses in the past seven days (three) as they did during the 2012-13 season. 
 
 THE LEAD: David Lee  scored 28 points and grabbed 10 rebounds,  Andre Iguodala  had 12 points in his first game back in Denver since last season and the Golden State Warriors rallied late to beat the Nuggets 89-81 on Monday night. 
 
 Klay Thompson  scored 13 points and  Stephen Curry  struggled with foul trouble and finished with 12 for the Warriors (16-13), who continued a dominance over the Nuggets (14-13) that started in last season's playoffs. 
 Lee missed all but the first game of that first-round series after tearing his hip flexor, but he made a triumphant return to Colorado. 
 
 Ty Lawson  had 16 points and  Timofey Mozgov  finished with 14 points and 11 rebounds for Denver, which has lost four straight and five of six. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "Last time I played in this building wasn't the greatest result so I wanted to come out early and attack the basket."  
 --  David Lee 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Warriors missed their first eight free throws before sinking their last 10 to close out the game. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  After a free throw cut Golden State's lead to two, Iguodala, amid a cacophony of boos directed at him all game, sank a 24-foot 3-pointer that gave the Warriors an 83-78 lead. His defense down the stretch helped seal the win. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "It's just our day and age in sports now. So many transactions and fans are so into it now with the media they're so close to the game." 
 --  Andre Iguodala , on the fans booing him for leaving the Nuggets after one season to play for the Warriors 
 
 
 HOT:  Lee has nine straight double-doubles and is averaging 18.2 points and 9.9 rebounds this season. He has more double-doubles dating back to last season than anyone else in the NBA. 
 
 NOT:  Curry was a Nuggets killer during the playoffs last season but had a tough time in the first half Monday. Although he hit two 3-pointers and had eight points, the 88 percent foul shooter missed all three of his free throws and committed four fouls. The last one was a frustration foul after Lawson blocked his shot. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  The Warriors focused their defense on Lawson in the fourth quarter and forced him into either tough shots or to give up the ball. It worked. Denver shot 6-for-21 in the final 12 minutes. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "We wanted Ty Lawson to attack the paint. The ball started sticking, we couldn't swing the ball from side-to-side. The pace was too slow."  --  Nuggets coach  Brian Shaw 
 
 
 BAD MOVE:  The Nuggets have had trouble finding a rhythm lately and it didn't help that they missed four dunks. They also had 18 turnovers. 
 
 QUOTABLE IV:  "We're not playing with confidence or a sense of urgency it takes to win. We have to get our confidence back and share the ball a little more." 
 -- Nuggets guard  Andre Miller 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  Nuggets forward  Kenneth Faried  did not dress because of a sprained left ankle. ... The Warriors have now won four of their last 21 games in Pepsi Center, including the playoffs. ... Mozgov's double-double was the fifth of his career. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Warriors, Wednesday vs. L.A. Clippers, Friday vs. Phoenix, Sunday @ Cleveland. For the Nuggets, Friday @ New Orleans, Saturday @ Memphis, Monday vs. Miami. 
