Notebook: Lakers 101, Warriors 77 
 
 
 Dan Arritt, For NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Nov 10, 2012 2:02 AM - Updated Sat Nov 10, 2012 2:02 AM 
 
 THE FACTS:   With a different coach on the bench just hours after Mike Brown was fired, and a more intense effort delivered by the players, the Lakers got back to the business of beating up on teams.  Kobe Bryant  led the onslaught, finishing with 27 points, nine rebounds and seven assists in the 101-77 victory Friday night against the Warriors at Staples Center. 
 
 QUOTABLE:   "Tonight, we recognized mismatches and we went through them and there were some results." 
    --Lakers interim coach  Bernie Bickerstaff. 
 
 
 THE STAT:   One. Bickerstaff, anointed as the interim coach earlier in the day following Brown's dismissal just five games into this season and 83 games into his Lakers' tenure, already has matched Brown's one-win total from this season. 
 
 TURNING POINT:   The Warriors, who posted a victory over the Clippers at Staples Center last weekend, hung around for about 2 ½ quarters before the Lakers closed the third quarter on an 18-5 run to take a 72-55 lead into the fourth. It was during the third quarter that the crowd started the first of several "We want Phil" chants, in reference to reports that  Phil Jackson  could be interested in returning to coach the Lakers for a third time. 
 
 HOT:  Lakers backup point guard  Darius Morris , who didn't play the first two games this season, continues to develop a role among the reserves. The second-year guard scored a career-high 10 points, part of a 37-point bench effort for L.A. 
 
 NOT:   Lakers forward  Metta World Peace  appeared to find his shot earlier in the week when he scored 18 points on 7-for-11 shooting in a win against the visiting Pistons. He came back with a 3-for-12 effort in Wednesday's loss in Utah, then missed his first 10 shots against the Warriors before finishing 3-for-14 with 10 points.  
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Bickerstaff already has made one subtle adjustment to the rotation, keeping 7-foot forward  Pau Gasol  with the second unit instead of 7-foot center Dwight Howard. Gasol is the better passer of the two big men, allowing him to create better scoring opportunities for the reserves. Gasol finished with 14 points and 16 rebounds. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Golden State sharpshooter  Klay Thompso n was one of two Warriors who scored in double figures in the first half. He picked up two fouls in the first 3 ½ minutes of the third quarter while trying to guard Bryant, however, and went to the bench for the rest of the quarter. By the time he returned, the Lakers had stretched their seven-point lead to 18.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:   "Give them credit, they came out and played with really good emotion tonight at home under the circumstances."  
 --Golden State forward  David Lee. 
 
 
 NOTABLE:   Lakers reserve  Devin Ebanks  did not play after getting arrested for driving under the influence earlier Friday in L.A. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Sunday vs. Sacramento, Tuesday vs. San Antonio, Friday vs. Phoenix. For the Warriors, Saturday vs. Denver, Wednesday vs. Atlanta, Friday @ Minnesota.  
