  Lakers-Timberwolves notebook   By Phil Miller, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday March 2, 2011 12:16AM THE FACTS:  The Minnesota Timberwolves may be the NBA's best rebounding team, but they were humbled by the Los Angeles Lakers' huge front line on Wednesday, allowing the Lakers to collect their fifth straight win, and 14th in a row against Minnesota, 90-79, despite a horrendous shooting night. Los Angeles made only 37.5 percent of its shots, including a combined 5-for-20 by forwards  Ron Artest  and  Pau Gasol , yet pulled away in the fourth quarter thanks to a 53-39 domination of the boards, including a whopping 18 offensive rebounds.  Kobe Bryant  scored 20 of his 24 points in the second half, while Gasol collected 17 rebounds. Rookie  Wes Johnson  scored 20 points for the Wolves. QUOTABLE:  "He's probably a little better at it than Kobe is, because Kobe ignores the offense."    -- Lakers coach  Phil Jackson , on Artest's grasp of the triangle offense THE STAT:  28 -- Second-chance points by the Lakers, compared to only seven by the Wolves, a reflection of L.A.'s domination of the offensive rebounds. Minnesota was nearly outrebounded on Laker misses in the first half, collecting 16 defensive boards and giving up 13 offensive. TURNING POINT:  Minnesota trailed by only four points after three quarters, and five reserves opened the fourth quarter. The result was a disjointed offense that missed nine of its next 10 shots and turned the ball over twice, allowing L.A. to open a double-digit lead that Minnesota never whittled below eight points again. QUOTABLE II:  "It's disheartening for our guys to do a good job on defense, scrambling, helping, doing everything, and then -- how many times did (the Lakers) take a difficult shot and make it?"    -- Wolves coach  Kurt Rambis FANTASY SPOTLIGHT: Anthony Randolph , acquired a week ago from New York, was given almost 14 minutes of playing time, his most since Nov. 9, and rewarded the Wolves with four points and four rebounds, plus his first Minnesota highlight play: An emphatic alley-oop dunk from  Luke Ridnour  midway through the third period that gave Minnesota a four-point lead. GOOD MOVE:  Minnesota challenged Wes Johnson to guard Kobe Bryant, and the rookie gave the former MVP trouble for much of the night. Bryant had only four points in the first half, going 2-for-8 from the field. Johnson eventually fouled out, however, and Bryant scored 20 second-half points. BAD MOVE:  Rambis turned to his bench en masse to open the fourth quarter, leaving  Anthony Tolliver  and  Lazar Haywood  to guard  Andrew Bynum  and  Luke Walton , and the Lakers took advantage of their superior size to open the period with an 8-2 run that turned a close game into a double-digit lead. ROOKIE WATCH:  Wes Johnson's 20 points marked the first time in his career he has scored 15 or more points in three straight games. He also matched his career high with eight rebounds. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Lakers coach Phil Jackson and Wolves coach Kurt Rambis presented  Star Tribune  columnist  Sid Hartman  with framed jerseys in a ceremony before the game. Hartman was partly responsible for bringing the Lakers franchise into existence, and in 1947 acted as the team's general manager. NOTABLE:   Kevin Love  extended his streak of double-doubles to 47 straight with 13 points and 11 rebounds. ... L.A. has won seven straight games in Target Center. ... The Timberwolves announced during the second half that they have reached a buyout agreement with center  Eddy Curry , acquired from the Knicks as part of the  Carmelo Anthony  trade on Feb. 22, and waived him. ... Wolves forward  Martell Webster  missed his fourth straight game, and 33rd of the season, with a bad back. Webster has played only three games since Feb. 4. UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Friday vs. Charlotte, Sunday @ San Antonio, Monday @ Atlanta. For the Timberwolves, Wednesday @ Detroit, Friday @ Philadelphia, Saturday @ Washington.  