  Pistons-Hawks notebook   By Matt Winkeljohn, for NBA.com Posted Sunday March 20, 2011 5:53PM THE FACTS:   Al Horford  scored 18 points and  Joe Johnson  and  Josh Smith  had 17 each Sunday as the Hawks snapped a two-game losing streak with a 104-96 win over the visiting Pistons. In winning for just the third time in the past nine games, the Hawks led most of the game although the Pistons closed to within three points a few times in the fourth quarter.  Rodney Stuckey  led Detroit with 22 points off the bench and fellow sub  Chris Wilcox  scored 18 as the Piston's two-game winning streak ended. Detroit dropped three of four games against Atlanta on the season. Atlanta starters made 31-of-55 shots (56.4 percent), and after being out-rebounded badly in consecutive homes losses to the Nuggets and Heat, the Hawks won the battle of the boards, 39-34. QUOTABLE:  "It feels good, especially when we do it the right way. We had 25 assists, were very unselfish, and we were making the right decisions."  --  Josh Smith, who did not have an assist. THE STAT:  80-39: this was the margin by which Atlanta's starters outscored Detroit's starters. The Pistons have the fourth-best scoring bench in the NBA -- averaging 39.1 points per game -- but even though the Pistons' reserves far out-stripped their usual performance in out-scoring Atlanta's subs 57-24, the difference in starters was too large to overcome. TURNING POINT:  The Pistons were within 98-95 and had the ball before Smith rebounded a jumper missed by Detroit's Stuckey with 1:15 left in the game. Atlanta worked the ball around, and Smith hit a 5-foot, turnaround jumper over  Austin Daye  as the shot clock expired for a 100-95 lead. Horford then blocked a running shot by Detroit's  Tayshaun Prince , and moments later  Greg Monroe  made just one of two free throws for Detroit. Smith rebounded the miss, and soon went to the line himself. He made one to seal victory with 36 seconds left. QUOTABLE II:  "They play such a physical style . . . I thought our guys willed themselves to today's win."  --  Atlanta coach  Larry Drew , who said before the game he's looking for more toughness from his team. HOT:  Atlanta reserve center  Zaza Pachulia  scored 11 points in the second quarter, including seven-of-eight free throws...Wilcox made five-of-six shots for 10 points in the second quarter when the Pistons made 14-of-19 shots (73.7 percent). He made nine-of-10 shots overall, and has made 26-of-33 (78.8 percent) over the past four games...Back in the starting lineup, Atlanta's  Marvin Williams  made all four of his shots in the third quarter to score 10 of his 13 points. Willams has averaged 13.5 points over his past four games...Stuckey, who made 9-of-18 shots, added a team-high eight assists. NOT:  Detroit's  Rip Hamilton , back in the starting lineup after missing Friday's win over the Knicks because his grandfather passed away, made just two-of-nine shots with one rebound. GOOD MOVE:  Drew used a three-guard lineup at times in large measure because he said he's trying to help reserve  Jamal Crawford  break out of a slump. Crawford made three-of-eight shots for nine points -- his third single-digit scoring game in the past four, including a scoreless outing in Friday's loss to the Heat. ROOKIE WATCH:  Detroit center/forward Monroe made six-of-seven shots, and grabbed a team-high 10 rebounds with three steals and two assists. He was active inside, but let Atlanta's Horford loose for a few jumpers. NOTABLE:  With 10 rebounds, Horford grabbed double-digit boards for the first time in seven games. He's been battling ankle problems...Atlanta reserve guard  Jeff Teague , who recently started three straight games with  Kirk Hinrich  moving over to shooting guard, Joe Johnson from shooting guard to small forward, and Marvin Williams to the bench, did not play. In Friday's loss to the Heat, he did not play in the first half. Drew explained: "Jeff has done a great job since the trade. I really wanted to look at a few things and put him in the lineup [last week]. When we made the trade, we brought Kirk Kinrich in here to run things. I think I really need to get into that frame of mind as we get down the stretch. Kirk is going to be our point guard. Jeff will find some minutes." Johnson was especially efficient Sunday, making seven-of-13 shots and his only three-point try. He also had eight assists. The Hawks are 14-2 when he has seven or more assists. UP NEXT:  For the Pistons, Wednesday vs. Heat, Friday @ Cavs, Saturday vs. Pacers. For the Hawks, Tuesday vs. Bulls, Wednesday @ 76ers, Saturday vs. Nets.  