  Notebook: Magic 99, Bucks 94 Posted Sunday February 12, 2012 12:44AM By Rick Braun, for NBA.com THE FACTS: Jason Richardson  took a fan's criticism and whipped the Milwaukee Bucks with his response. After a fan near the bench told him he was washed up during the first quarter, Richardson scored 28 of his 31 points in the second half, including 8-of-9 shooting on 3-pointers, to lead the Orlando Magic to a 99-94 victory Saturday night at the Bradley Center. Richardson, who turned 31 on Jan. 20, drained four 3-pointers in a 16-0 fourth-quarter run that erased an 88-78 deficit. He finished 9 of 11 from behind the arc. Hedo Turkoglu  added 19 points, including three 3-pointers, as the Magic (17-11) made 15 bonus buckets to offset a 5-for-15 night by star center  Dwight Howard . Drew Gooden  scored 21 points and  Ersan Ilyasova  had 17 points and 16 rebounds for the Bucks (12-15), who came home from two road victories to lose their third straight home game. QUOTABLE:  "I'm a competitor and I love when people talk trash to me. That's just part of the game. But when you go past the line, like I thought the guy did, I had to show him I wasn't. He said that in the first quarter, so I was thinking about that since then. I made one shot in the first quarter and I came in here (the locker room at halftime) and thought about what he said. I thought we were playing with no energy. I said, 'Just go out there and play.' I got into the zone and shots were falling."  --  Richardson, on a fan's comment that he was washed up as his second-half motivation. THE STAT:  After going 1 for 4 in the first half, Richardson went 10 for 14 in the second half and scored 28 of the Magic's 58 second-half points. TURNING POINT:  The Bucks had just used a 13-0 run to take an 88-78 lead when Richardson got open for a 3-pointer. A short banker by  Jameer Nelson  and another 3-pointer by Richardson, and the Magic was halfway into a 16-0 run that changed the game. QUOTABLE II:  "At the end he was just knocking down shots. But as almost always happens when guys go on those runs, he got a couple open ones that get them going. And then you're just feeling it."  --  Magic head coach  Stan Van Gundy  on the fact that Richardson was making 3-pointers with a hand in his face in the fourth quarter. HOT:  Aside from Richardson, who was beyond hot, Ilyasova made 7 of 10, including his only 3-pointer. NOT:  Bucks guard  Brandon Jennings  went 3 for 14 and 0 for 5 on 3-pointers. Jennings is now 26 for 82 (31.7 percent) in his last six games. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  While Howard struggled from the field for his 11 points, he had 14 rebounds and four blocked shots. INSIDE THE ARENA:  University of Wisconsin basketball coach  Bo Ryan  was in attendance and visited the Magic locker room afterward. Magic head coach Van Gundy was once the head coach at Wisconsin, and Magic guard Nelson played at Ryan's alma mater Chester High School in Chester, Penn. GOOD MOVE:  Van Gundy sent Richardson back into the game with 6:28 left in the fourth quarter. BAD MOVE:  The last 10 points of Milwaukee's 13-0 run to take an 88-78 lead came off pick-and-roll plays with backup point guard  Beno Udrih  and center Gooden. But Udrih went to the bench in favor of Jennings with 3:46 left, and the Bucks offense made just two field goals the rest of the way. NOTABLE:  Bucks forward  Luc Richard Mbah a Moute  missed a dunk in the first quarter, but the ball bounced to the right sideline, where Jennings retrieved it and passed to  Shaun Livingston  for a 3-pointer -- Livingston's first of the season and just his second attempt. After starting the season 4-0 at home the Bucks have gone just 3-5 in the Bradley Center. ... Richardson's nine 3-pointers tied Portland's  Nicolas Batum  for most in a game this season. ... Howard was shut out until a dunk with 4:43 left in the first half. ... Gooden is averaging 21.8 points over his last four games. UP NEXT:  For the Magic, Monday vs. Minnesota, Wednesday vs. Philadelphia, Friday vs. Milwaukee. For the Bucks, Monday vs. Miami, Wednesday vs. New Orleans, Friday @ Orlando.  