  Bulls-Warriors notebook   By Geoff Lepper, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday December 27, 2011 2:23AM THE FACTS: Stephen Curry  rebounded from a poor season opener to provide 21 points, 10 assists, seven rebounds and six steals as the Golden State Warriors beat the Chicago Bulls 99-91 Monday.  Monta Ellis  added a game-high 26 points and seven assists and  David Lee  scored 22 points to help  Mark Jackson  secure his first victory as an NBA coach, although Golden State's celebrating was tempered by a recurrence of pain in Curry's surgically repaired right ankle.  Luol Deng  led Chicago with 22 points and 10 boards, but reigning MVP  Derrick Rose  was forced into a 4-for-17 shooting night. QUOTABLE:  "For us, it's not really singling out D-Rose. We had an opportunity to show what we've been working on in training camp defensively as a team, getting on the same page. It just happened that D-Rose was here and we figured it out tonight." --  Curry, on the typically soft Warriors defense creating havoc. THE STAT:  The Bulls committed an uncharacteristic 20 turnovers, 16 of them as a result of steals by the very active Warriors defenders. In addition to Curry's half-dozen,  Kwame Brown  had four steals and  Andris Biedrins  three more as Golden State consistently jumped out on Chicago's high screen-roll sets, jamming up the Bulls' attack before it could initiate on several possessions. TURNING POINT:  Curry attempted only one shot -- a miss -- through the first 14 minutes of the game. He quickly remedied that situation by going off for the Warriors' next 12 points in the span of 2:28, including a left-handed jumper from the elbow. By the time it was all over, with 7:14 left before halftime, Golden State led 46-27. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Curry had a huge game in all facets, going 7-for-12 from the field, 6-for-7 from the line and littering the box score with glittering numbers. But it's worth watching his ankle, which gave out with 6 minutes left when he landed on the foot of Bulls sharpshooter  Kyle Korver . Curry said he had an X-ray during the game that revealed no further damage, and he may be available Wednesday against New York. GOOD MOVE:  Everything Jackson tried seemed to work out in spades, including giving significant first-half run to defensive-minded reserves such as Brown,  Brandon Rush  and  Ekpe Udoh . That trio helped force Chicago into 14 turnovers by halftime, and Golden State led by 16 points at the break. QUOTABLE II:  "He was very emotional. He fired me up a little bit. He teared up a little bit, but it was great for us to see his passion and get more wins for him. I like his passion."   --  Brown on Jackson's reaction to career win No. 1. HOT:  As befuddled as Ellis looked Sunday against the Clippers en route to a 6-for-19 night, he looked equal amounts professorial Monday in lighting up the Bulls on 10-for-17 shooting. NOT:  Rose may be the league's reigning MVP, but Oracle Arena is becoming one of his least favorite locations to visit. Last year, the Warriors forced Rose into a nine-turnover, 14-point night, primarily using Ellis on him and instituting traps near halfcourt as much as possible. Monday, the Warriors allowed Rose to set up the Bulls' offense, but provided swarming help to Curry at the first sign of movement towards the basket. INSIDE THE ARENA: Anthony Dixon , running back for the resurgent San Francisco 49ers, watched from the stands and drew a solid ovation when he was featured on the overhead scoreboard in the third quarter. NOTABLE:  The Bulls missed out on their first 2-0 start since 2002 . . . The Warriors announced a second straight sellout, their fifth dating back to the end of last season. . . .  Rip Hamilton  scored 10 points for Chicago and is now just 92 away from 15,000 for his career. UP NEXT:  For the Warriors, Wednesday vs. New York, Saturday vs. Philadelphia, Monday @ Phoenix. For the Bulls, Thursday @ Sacramento, Friday @ Clippers, Sunday vs. Memphis.  