
 Nets-Jazz notebook   By Andrew Aragon, for NBA.com Posted Thursday November 18, 2010 12:35AM THE FACTS:   Paul Millsap  recorded his fifth double-double of the season with 19 points and 15 rebounds to lead the Utah Jazz to a 98-88 win over the New Jersey Nets on Wednesday night. The Jazz had a balanced scoring effort, as each of the team's starters were in double figures.  Deron Williams  had a team-high 23 points and eight assists.  Anthony Morrow  led the Nets with 24 points, while  Devin Harris  had 19 points and eight assists. QUOTABLE:  "Paul is one of those guys that just comes and works all the time. He's a pleasure to work with because he comes and works every single day he comes to practice, tries to make himself better."  --  Jazz coach  Jerry Sloan  on Millsap THE STAT : 5. The Jazz took impeccable care of the basketball against the Nets, committing just five turnovers. They had just one turnover in the first half. TURNING POINT:  Utah led for nearly all of the final three quarters, but couldn't shake the scrappy Nets until late in the game. The Jazz took their biggest lead at 71-58 in third quarter, and needed the cushion, as New Jersey got within five points in the final three minutes.  Raja Bell 's 15-foot jumper with two minutes left in the game made it 93-86, and finally put it away. QUOTABLE II:  "We hold them to 40 percent shooting from the field and give up 98 points. But we couldn't drop it in the ocean as a team tonight. Shooting 37 percent from the field is not good."  -- Nets coach  Avery Johnson  on his team's solid defensive effort and struggles on offense HOT:  Nets center  Brook Lopez  was unstoppable in the first half, as he scored all of his 17 points before the break. NOT:  Lopez made almost no impact on the game in the second half, as he got in foul trouble and watched the majority of it from the bench. Forward  Travis Outlaw  continued his up-and-down season as he missed his first 10 shots and scored three points. Jazz forward  C.J. Miles  shot 1-for-7, scoring two points, before leaving the game midway through the second quarter with a strained lower back. He did not return. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Outlaw, who entered Wednesday's game ranked sixth in the league in 3-point percentage, continued to frustrate his fantasy owners. He had scored an average of 23.3 points while shooting 58.3 percent in the Nets' previous three games. He was 0-for-5 from 3-point range. ROOKIE WATCH:  It was mostly a quiet night for rookies, but first-year Jazz forward  Gordon Hayward  did earn a deafening cheer from his home crowd. He scored with a left-handed dunk in transition to give Utah an 81-70 lead early in the fourth quarter. It was his only basket of the night. NOTABLE:  Utah is 5-1 when giving up fewer than 100 points. It was the first time this season that all five Jazz starters scored in double figures. Utah shot 1-for-12 from 3-point range. The Nets outrebounded the Jazz 18-11 in the first quarter and 57-44 for the game. New Jersey had just 11 assists. UP NEXT:  For the Nets, Friday @ Kings, Saturday @ Nuggets, Tuesday vs. Hawks. For the Jazz, Friday vs. Spurs, Saturday @ Blazers, Monday vs. Kings. 
