  Rockets-Thunder notebook   By Randy Renner, for NBA.com  Posted Wednesday December 15, 2010 11:15PM THE FACTS:  The Oklahoma City Thunder got off to a big start, then had to fight from behind before cruising in the second half to a 117-105 win over the Houston Rockets. Thunder stars  Kevin Durant  and  Jeff Green  combined for 53 points, 32 of them from Durant. Sharp-shooter  Kevin Martin  led the Rockets with 22 points. The Thunder dominated the glass, outrebounding the Rockets 41-28 and they shared the ball well with five players dishing at least four assists. OKC has won four games in a row and 13 of the last 17. QUOTABLE:  "We did a good job passing the ball, several players with multiple assists. And our defense in the third quarter was about as good as we can play."   --Thunder coach  Scott Brooks THE STAT:  In the third quarter Oklahoma City held Houston to 20 points, the fewest in any quarter during the game, on 8-for-19 shooting. A six-point lead for the Thunder at halftime became an 11-point lead at the end of the third. TURNING POINT:  With Oklahoma City trailing 45-39 midway through the second quarter, the Thunder ripped off a quick 7-0 run over the next 1:30 then went on to outscore Houston 23-11 in the rest of the half. Oklahoma City led 62-56 at the break and the Rockets could never catch up. QUOTABLE II:  "Everybody has to step up and make plays for us and tonight they did."   -- Scott Brooks HOT:  Rockets guard  Kevin Martin  was 7-for-14 shooting including 5-for-7 on 3-pointers. NOT:  Houston forward  Shane Battier  managed just five points on 2-for-7 shooting Wednesday night. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Durant, the NBA's leading scorer, filled his stat line with 32 points on 12-for-18 shooting, including 2-for-2 from long range. He also was 6-for-6 at the line, grabbed seven rebounds and dished out four assists. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Sitting courtside as a special guest of the Thunder was eight-time NBA All-Star and Hall of Famer  Bob Lanier . Lanier is in Oklahoma City for an NBA Cares event. Former Oklahoma governor George Nigh and his wife Donna were also among those sitting courtside. GOOD MOVE:  Oklahoma City began the game with a 13-4 run, then couldn't stop Houston as the Rockets did them six points better with a 19-4 run. That's when Brooks put his bench players in and they stopped the bleeding and stabilized the game with a 20-15 spurt. That brought the Thunder back to within two at 38-36 when the full starting lineup returned. ROOKIE WATCH:  Rockets guard  Ishmael Smith  played 13:20 but went scoreless on 0-for-4 shooting. He did grab a rebound. Forward  Patrick Patterson  played 3:38, scoring three points and pulling down a rebound. Thunder center  Cole Aldrich  was inactive. NOTABLE:  Oklahoma City came into the game shooting an NBA-best 85.4 percent from the free-throw line. The Thunder improved on that steller average by making 28 of their 29 charity tosses.  James Harden  was the player with that one miss. UP NEXT:  For the Rockets, Friday vs Grizzlies, Sunday @ Sacramento, Monday @ Golden State. For the Thunder, Friday vs Kings, Sunday vs Suns, Tuesday @ Charlotte.  