  Notebook: Pistons 96, Celtics 81 Posted Sunday February 19, 2012 10:18PM By Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Center  Greg Monroe  led a balanced attack with 17 points as the Detroit Pistons defeated the Boston Celtics for the second time in five nights, 96-81, at The Palace Sunday.  Rodney Stuckey  added 16 points for Detroit, which has won three straight and seven of its last nine.  Paul Pierce  led Boston, which lost its third straight and dropped to .500, with 18 points. Celtics forward  Kevin Garnett  missed the game for personal reasons and guard  Rajon Rondo  was ejected with three minutes left in the third quarter for arguing with the officials. QUOTABLE:  "Our effort and intensity and focus over a full 48 minutes has changed. Everybody has come into their roles. Everybody is holding each other accountable and we're all playing together."   -- Monroe on his team's recent surge. THE STAT:  46-15. The Pistons attempted 31 more free throws than the Celtics, though they made just 29 of 46. Detroit's previous highs were 27 made free throws (vs. Portland on Jan. 21) and 33 attempts (vs. Orlando Jan. 2.) It was also 11 free throws more than any opponent had attempted against the Celtics, who attempted just 15 and converted 11. Stuckey led the free throw parade by making 12 of 15. TURNING POINT:  The Celtics went on a 12-4 run at the start of the third to cut Detroit's 13-point halftime lead to 59-54 but the Pistons swiftly reestablished control with 12 unanswered points. Seven different players had points during that spurt and Detroit was up double digits the remainder of the game. QUOTABLE II:  "Too many times we're looking at the officials to bail us out. We can't expect anything from the referees. We're on the road and you're not always going to like the call you get. You've just got to continue to play through it. We can't be a fragile team."   -- Pierce on the free throw disparity. HOT:  Stuckey only had two baskets but his aggressive moves to the basket allowed him to make his living Sunday at the foul line. He is averaging 25 points over the last four games and also had a season-high four steals against the Celtics. NOT:  The Celtics continued to struggle with their rebounding and ball handling. They were pounded on the offensive boards, as the Pistons had a 29-6 advantage in second-chance points. Boston ranks last in the NBA in rebounding percentage. They came into the game 17th in turnovers per game and surely sank further in that category, making 24 that led to 40 Detroit points. GOOD MOVE:  Pistons coach  Lawrence Frank  inserted forward  Jason Maxiell  into the lineup 10 games ago and Detroit has a 7-3 record since that move. Maxiell, who is slimmer and quicker than he was last season, has given the Pistons an energetic, defensive presence. He had six points, 10 rebounds, three assists, two steals and a block in 21 minutes Sunday. BAD MOVE:  Rondo lost his cool after not getting a whistle when he drove into the lane. Boston wound up with a 24-second violation on the play and Rondo got two technicals in the blink of an eye. Rondo had scored a career-high 35 points against Detroit in Boston on Wednesday. Without him, the Celtics had no realistic chance to mount a comeback. NOTABLE:  Boston coach  Doc Rivers  is uncertain whether Garnett would return in time for Monday night's game at Dallas. "There's a chance he'll be there," he said. "I'm leaving that entirely up to him." ... Celtics reserve forward  Brandon Bass  did not make the trip because of a sore left knee. ... Detroit had its second sellout this season, boosted by a halftime performance by Flo Rida. ... Monroe, who had 10 rebounds, recorded his 16th double-double. UP NEXT:  For the Celtics, Monday @ Dallas, Wednesday @ Oklahoma City, Tuesday (Feb. 28) @ Cleveland. For the Pistons, Tuesday @ Cleveland, Wednesday @ Toronto, Tuesday (Feb. 28) vs. Philadelphia.  