Notebook: Lakers 100, Kings 86 
 
 
 Dan Arritt for NBA.com 
 
Posted Mon Nov 25, 2013 12:49 AM - Updated Mon Nov 25, 2013 12:49 AM 
 
 THE FACT :  The Los Angeles Lakers' bench has outscored the opposition's reserves in 13 of 14 games this season. 
 
 THE LEAD:   The Lakers have the NBA's highest-scoring group of reserves and  Xavier Henry  is just one of the reasons why. Henry exploded for a team-high 21 points off the bench Sunday night against the visiting Sacramento Kings, leading the way in a 100-86 victory at Staples Center Sunday night. 
 
 QUOTABLE:   "We have good guys. They share. They don't care [about their stats]. They have the right values." 
 --Lakers coach  Mike D'Antoni 
 
 
 THE STAT:   The leading scorer for the Lakers (7-7) has come off the bench five times this season and been the co-leading scorer in another.  
 
 TURNING POINT:   The Kings (4-9) came back from a 20-point deficit the day before against the Clippers before ultimately losing by one, so it was no surprise when they nearly erased a 12-point third quarter deficit.  Luc Mbah a Moute  trimmed L.A.'s lead to two with a driving layup, but that was as close as Sacramento would get as the Lakers scored the final 10 points of the quarter to go back ahead by double digits. The Kings wouldn't get any closer than nine the rest of the way. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:   "We're sticking out our principles. They aren't thinking, they're reacting." 
 
 HOT:   Henry scored 12 points in the fourth quarter to help put away the Kings. He finished 7-for-11 from the field, only the second time this season he has made more than half his shots.  Jodie Meeks  also had an efficient game for the Lakers, scoring 14 points on 6-for-10 from the floor. Meeks has scored at least 14 points in three of the last four games.  Jordan Hill  and  Pau Gasol  reached double figures in points and rebounds. Kings point guard  Greivis Vasquez  scored 13 of his team-high 20 points in the opening quarter, shooting 6-for-7. 
 --Mike D'Antoni 
 
 NOT:   The Kings scored just three points in the final 7:16 of the third quarter, opening the door for the Lakers to stretch their lead back to double digits. Sacramento's reserves combined to miss all six of their field-goal attempts in the decisive third quarter. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:   It's pretty safe to say Gasol and  DeMarcus Cousins  of the Kings aren't fond of each other. Gasol had to feel some pleasure when he baited Cousins into committing his third foul with just under three minutes remaining in the first half and the Kings trailing by 10. As Cousins tried to back down on Gasol with a post-up move, Gasol looked toward one of the referees after the first bump and then fell on his back after the second. He earned the offensive foul on Cousins, which sent him to the bench for the rest of the half. 
 
 BAD MOVE:   Even when Cousins tried to lend a helping hand, he ended up getting a technical foul. Cousins gave Lakers point guard  Jordan Farmar  an extra shove as he was falling to the court with 5:42 left in the game. Cousins then tried to help Farmar up, but he would have none of it. Cousins then started having loud words with Lakers forward  Shawne Williams , forcing them to be separated. Both players received technical fouls for the incident. Cousins also received a technical foul late in Saturday's one-point loss to the Clippers. 
 
 NOTABLE:    The 61 points by the Kings through the first three quarters was a season-low for an L.A. opponent this season. ... Lakers starting point guard  Steve Blake , who had his string of double-digit assist games snapped at a career-best four games Friday night, generated 12 assists against the Kings. ... The Lakers can go above .500 for the first time this season with a victory Tuesday at Washington. ... The Lakers are 6-1 this season when scoring at least 100 points. 
 
 UP NEXT:   For the Lakers, Tuesday @ Washington, Wednesday @ Brooklyn, Friday @ Detroit. For the Kings, Friday vs. L.A. Clippers, Sunday vs. Golden State, Dec. 3 vs. Oklahoma City.  
