  Magic-Bulls notebook   By Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com Posted Sunday April 10, 2011 5:23PM THE FACTS:   Derrick Rose  scored 39 points and forced Orlando's  Jameer Nelson  to take a game-tying shot a tenth of a second late, leading the Chicago Bulls to a 102-99 victory. The Bulls' 60th victory was accomplished against a Magic team playing without center  Dwight Howard , who was serving a one-game suspension for getting his 18th technical foul. Ryan Anderson , starting at center for the Magic, scored a career-high 28 points and grabbed 10 rebounds. The final 50 seconds of the game included three replay reviews, including a look at Nelson's final 3-point shot, which left his hand a fraction of a second late after Rose's defense forced an extra move. QUOTABLE:  "I just wanted to make sure I contested (Nelson's shot). That was the biggest thing (coach  Tom Thibodeau ) was saying was to make sure you contest, but not foul him."   -- Rose, on Nelson's split-second-too-late jumper at the end. THE STAT:  After outrebounding the Magic, 50-30, in their last meeting on March 4, the Bulls had a modest 37-33 advantage in this game. QUOTABLE II:  "In the last game, we rebounded the ball great and they had Howard. Tonight they spread us out and the only people I saw on that board, fighting for it, were the Magic."   -- Bulls coach Tom Thibodeau. TURNING POINT:  When a replay review gave the ball to the Magic with 49.7 seconds left, they were down 97-96 and working for a shot. The ball went out of bounds again with 32.3 seconds left, and this time a review gave the ball to the Bulls, who never gave up the lead. HOT:  Having earned the Eastern Conference's No. 1 seed in spite of mediocre 46 percent shooting for the season, the Bulls shot 60 percent against Orlando. Rose shot 13-for-17 and made all 10 of his free throws, stretching his streak at the foul line to 29. NOT:  The Magic's  Brandon Bass  and  Gilbert Arenas  shot a combined 4-for-19. QUOTABLE III:  "Because Dwight (Howard) wasn't in the game, guys had to create a little bit more to fill in for him. We obviously had to get to the offensive rebounds more. When he's out you have to work extra hard, and today I think we did a great job fighting the whole game."   --Ryan Anderson IN THE ARENA:  Not the Magic's Dwight Howard or  Quentin Richardson , who were serving one-game and two-game suspensions, respectively. QUOTABLE IV:  "We played hard, we tried to win a game, we didn't get it done. Other than taking another loss, I don't know what meaning there is to this."   -- Magic coach  Stan Van Gundy FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Rose, who leads NBA guards in points plus rebounds plus assists per game at 37.0, raised his average with 39 points, five assists and three rebounds. ROOKIE WATCH:  Bulls center  Omer Asik  had two points, one assist and one block in 14 minutes. NOTABLE:  The Bulls have won 49 of their last 61 games . . . This is the sixth time the Bulls have won 60 games in a season. They went on to NBA titles after each of the the first five times, most recently in 1997-98 . . . The Magic are 1-3 without Howard, who has been suspended for two games and missed two more with the flu. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Tuesday @ New York, Wednesday vs. New Jersey, then a first-round playoff series against Indiana. For the Magic, Monday @ Philadelphia, Wednesday vs. Indiana, then a first-round playoff series against Atlanta.  