  Notebook: Blazers 94, Hornets 86 Posted Friday February 10, 2012 11:19PM By Larry Holder, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Backup guard  Jamal Crawford  was potent coming off the bench with a game-high 31 points as the Portland Trail Blazers knocked off the New Orleans Hornets 94-86 on Friday night in the New Orleans Arena. The Blazers halted a two-game losing streak, while the Hornets have lost eight consecutive games and 23 of their last 25 games. QUOTABLE:  "One of the things we talked about before the game was that we needed a win. Sometimes it's not about how you win, it's that you won. New Orleans scrapped. You can't play that team's record. ... We did struggle in the first half. We couldn't put anything in the basket. Seemed like it had a top on the basket. We continued to work."   -- Blazers coach  Nate McMillan THE STAT:  Five times in the last six games the Hornets led at halftime, including Friday night when New Orleans went into intermission up 46-42. The lack of a closer continues to punish the Hornets as New Orleans ended up losing all five of those games. TURNING POINT:  Portland's defense late in the fourth quarter kept New Orleans off the scoreboard. The Blazers came up with two blocked shots in consecutive Hornets possessions with less than three minutes left.  LaMarcus Aldridge  swatted away a layup attempt by the Hornets'  Marco Belinelli  with 2:58 left. Then on the next possession, the Blazers'  Gerald Wallace  blocked another shot near the rim by New Orleans'  Trevor Ariza . HOT:  Crawford came up huge all night. He went 10-for-16 from the floor and 9-for-10 from the free-throw line for his 31 points. Crawford also added eight assists. NOT:  Forward  Al-Farouq Aminu  drained a 3-pointer with 48 seconds left to cut Portland's lead to 86-84. Then less than five seconds later, Aminu unnecessarily fouls Portland's  Raymond Felton  allowing Felton to drain both free throws to seal the game. Aminu fouled out after having a rather solid game with 12 points off the bench. But that foul was big. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Ariza did just about all he could to keep New Orleans in the game. Ariza led the Hornets with 23 points, nine rebounds, five assists and two steals in 46 minutes. QUOTABLE II:  "I'm pretty sure teams are going to be calling for Trev [at the trade deadline], a veteran team, because he does the things that help you win games. I hate that we haven't been able to capitalize on some of the plays he's given us."   -- Hornets coach  Monty Williams NOTABLE:  Hornets guard  Jarrett Jack  missed Friday night's game against Portland with a sore knee and will miss at least one week. Jack returned to action from the ailment on Wednesday against Chicago after missing the previous three games because of the knee. But it was evident in the Bulls loss that Jack wasn't ready to return as he struggled offensively and simply didn't have the same burst as normal. To make matters worse, center  Chris Kaman  injured his ankle during pregame warmups and didn't play. Guard  Eric Gordon  (knee), forward  Carl Landry  (knee) and forward  Jason Smith  (concussion) rounded out Hornets injured players not to play Friday. ... Felton had 18 points for the Blazers, while Aldridge and Wallace each scored 14. UP NEXT:  For the Blazers, Saturday @ Dallas, Tuesday vs. Washington, Wednesday @ Golden State. For the Hornets, Monday vs. Utah, Wednesday @ Milwaukee, Friday @ New York.  