  Blazers-Mavericks notebook   By Dave Ivey, for NBA.com Posted Thursday December 16, 2010 12:55AM THE FACTS:   Caron Butler  scored 23 points and  Dirk Nowitzki  scored 21, including eight of the Mavericks' final 12 as they survived a  LaMarcus Aldridge -fueled, fourth-quarter charge by the Trail Blazers for a 103-98 victory on Wednesday in Dallas. Aldridge scored 20 of his season-high 35 points in the final period as Portland erased a 17-point, third-quarter deficit before dropping its third straight game. Four other Mavericks scored in double figures. QUOTABLE:  "We need that from [Aldridge]. I thought early he passed up some opportunities to go, and he got aggressive. Really, we played through him pretty much the entire second half. That type of fight, physical play and establishing the post position is what we need from him nightly."    -- Blazers head coach  Nate McMillan . THE STAT:  For the third straight game, Dallas frittered away a sizable lead. The Mavericks were up by 24 on Saturday against the Jazz and held on for a 103-97 win, their 12th straight. On Monday, they led by 20 before losing to the Bucks 103-99. On Wednesday, Dallas had Portland down by 17 in the third quarter, only to find themselves in a tie game in the last three minutes. TURNING POINT:  Portland entered the game ranked second in the league in offensive rebounding (13.4 per game) and was well on its way to reaching that total with nine in the first half. Dallas shut the Blazers down in the second half, limiting them to zero offensive boards in the third quarter and none in the fourth until Aldridge's putback slam with 50.3 seconds remaining. QUOTABLE II:  "The fourth quarter is all about making plays and Dirk made big plays tonight. He made big shots down the stretch, and one of those shots was with LaMarcus really all over him."    -- McMillan. HOT:  Butler scored 11 of his season high-tying 23 points in the third quarter and Portland's  Wesley Matthews  went toe-to-toe with him, scoring 13 of his 17 in the third. That was just a prelude for Aldridge's exhibition in front of his hometown crowd in the fourth quarter. The Dallas native scored 20 of the Trail Blazers' 30 points in the period and pulled down six of his 10 rebounds. Aldridge was 8-for-10 from the field in the fourth. NOT:  The teams started a combined 0-for-15 from 3-point range before  Jason Kidd  finally connected with 3:28 left in the first half. For the game, Dallas shot 18.8 percent (3-for-16) from behind the arc -- Kidd was 3-for-3 -- and Portland shot 21.4 percent (3-for-14). ... Portland star  Brandon Roy  scored just four points, his fourth single-digit effort in his last five games. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  After playing a season-low 8:36 in Monday's loss at Memphis and scoring a combined five points (2-for-18) in his last three games, Portland forward  Nicolas Batum  provided a spark off the bench with 11 points, six rebounds, two assists and a block. INSIDE THE ARENA:  It was "Totally '80s Night" at the American Airlines Center, featuring music by artists from the decade such as  Michael Jackson ,  Madonna ,  Journey  and the  Beastie Boys . ... Hall of Fame quarterback  Troy Aikman  of the Dallas Cowboys was among the 19,531 in the crowd, the 374th consecutive sellout at the arena. NOTABLE:  After entering the game shooting a dreadful 23.7 percent (9-for-38) from the free-throw line, Mavericks center  Brendan Haywood  converted his first two attempts ... Portland's  Andre Miller , who scored a career-high 52 in his last trip to Dallas on Jan. 30, tallied nine points, eight assists, five rebounds and two steals. ... The Mavericks were 20-for-21 at the charity stripe. UP NEXT:  For the Mavericks, Friday vs. Phoenix, Monday @ Miami, Tuesday @ Orlando. For the Trail Blazers, Friday vs. Minnesota, Saturday vs. Golden State, Monday vs. Milwaukee.  