  Notebook: Rockets 105, Spurs 102   By Matt Miller, for NBA.com Posted Saturday January 21, 2012 11:53PM THE FACTS:  Houston Rockets point guards  Kyle Lowry  and  Goran Dragic  came alive when their team needed it most. Lowry and Dragic combined to score 16 points on 6-for-11 shooting during the fourth period, and  Kevin Martin  poured in a team-high 25 points as the Rockets extended their league-best winning streak to six games with a 105-102 victory over the San Antonio Spurs on Saturday at Toyota Center. San Antonio (10-7) played without  Tim Duncan  (rest) but received a great effort from reserve  Tiago Splitter , who netted a career-high 25 points to go with 10 rebounds and four assists.  Tony Parker  finished with a double-double of 24 points and a season-high 13 assists, but he connected on only 10 of 23 shots. Despite shooting a season-high 55.7 percent (44-for-79) overall, Houston (9-7) did not secure the win until guard  Gary Neal's  desperate attempt at a game-tying 3-pointer fell way short of the basket a couple seconds before time expired. QUOTABLE:  "The great thing about having another point guard out there that can make plays is that they can't blitz both of us. So I was pretty much just saying, 'Hey, Goran, make the plays for us.'"  --  Lowry on how the Rockets' dual point-guard lineup created havoc for San Antonio THE STAT:  The Spurs have had little to brag about defensively when playing away from home this season. San Antonio has allowed an average of 108.3 points in its six road defeats this season. All six opponents have hit more than 50 percent of their shots. TURNING POINT:  Neal drained a 3-pointer and a deep 2-point jumper to put San Antonio ahead for the first time all night, 84-79 with 9:15 left in the fourth quarter. That lead did not last long, however, as the Rockets responded with a 13-2 run over the next four minutes to take gain a 92-86 edge. The Spurs became dysfunctional on offense during this stretch, missing six of seven shots and committing two turnovers to allow the Rockets to use their small, quick lineup to their advantage. QUOTABLE II:  "We didn't have a bad game. Some days there are no excuses. It's not error mentally. ... Two teams were battling back and forth, but [the Rockets] made the right plays."  --  Spurs forward  Richard Jefferson . HOT:  Houston's offense has gotten off to hot starts each of the last two games, averaging 56.5 points on 56.8 percent (46-for-81) shooting from the field in the first half of these two contests NOT:  San Antonio's 3-point shooting slump continued Saturday with the Spurs making only seven of 22 attempts from behind the arc. The Spurs have shot 26.9 percent (29-for-108) from long range over their last five games. GOOD MOVE:  With Duncan sitting out of this game to rest, the Spurs played with small lineups that could have hampered their ability to keep up with Houston on the glass. But solid gang rebounding off Houston's and their own misfires helped San Antonio finish with a 43-32 edge on the boards, including a 16-4 advantage offensively. BAD MOVE:  Splitter was in the midst of delivering one of the greatest performances of his career, but Popovich took him out in favor of foul-happy  DeJuan Blair . Not surprisingly, the Rockets made their game-changing run before Splitter returned. QUOTABLE III: "Splitter did his best  Tim Duncan  impresson."  --  Houston coach  Kevin McHale. NOTABLE:  Rockets forward/center  Jordan Hill  (flu) returned from a one-game absence. ... Tony Parker was favoring his hip area on the sidelines while taking a breather during the fourth quarter, but he said it was just lingering discomfort from a nasty fall he suffered earlier this week. Parker played the final 7:39 and did not appear to be in severe discomfort. ... San Antonio fell to 0-3 this season on the second night of home-road back-to-backs. ... The Rockets improved to 3-1 in games decided by three points or less. ... Houston is now 5-0 when it reaches 100 points. ...  Samuel Dalembert  blocked a season-high six shots to help the Rockets build a 9-2 edge in that category. ... Six Rockets scored in double figures for the second time this season. ... Rookie  Kawhi Leonard  snatched a career-best 11 rebounds (seven offensive) for San Antonio. UP NEXT:  For the Spurs, Monday @ New Orleans, Wednesday vs. Atlanta, Friday @ Minnesota. For the Rockets, Monday @ Minnesota, Wednesday vs. Milwaukee, Friday vs. Washington.  