Notebook: Spurs 95, Warriors 88 
 
 
 Tim Price, NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Jan 19, 2013 12:18 AM - Updated Sat Jan 19, 2013 12:18 AM 
 
 THE FACTS: Tony Parker  went 10-for-18 for 25 points and eight assists and  Tim Duncan  scored 24 points with 10 rebounds as the Spurs won another on their home court with Golden State again as the victim in a 95-88 decision Friday night at AT&T Center. 
 The Spurs (31-11) have won 14 straight at home and have not lost to Golden State in San Antonio since Feb. 14, 1997, a streak of 28 games. 
 The Warriors (23-15) have lost three straight for the first time this season and have dropped five of their last six.  Stephen Curry  missed his second-straight game with a right ankle sprain. He might be available Saturday night in New Orleans.  David Lee  scored 22,  Klay Thompson  had 21 and  Jarrett Jack  scored 20 with 10 assists in place of Curry. 
 
 QUOTABLE : "Tonight, it was another tough game with playoff intensity. It was very physical, and they are a very good team. They are playing very well and they played very hard tonight.."  
 -- Tony Parker 
 
 THE STAT : The Warriors hung tough -- they were down by two with five minutes left -- largely because of the play at point guard where Jack was playing in place of Curry. In his first start with Curry sidelined last time out, Jack took more shots than anyone else on the team and had two assists with five turnovers as Golden State was blown out by Miami at home. Tonight, Jack played 43 minutes and his 10 assists were joined by one turnover. 
 
 TURNING POINT : During a stretch of 4:15 that took the game into the final minute, San Antonio went on a 9-2 run and led 95-86 with less than a minute to go. The Warriors shot 1-for-6 in that stretch while Parker was 3-for-5. 
 
 QUOTABLE II : "[The Spurs] made some tough plays. They have a history of doing just that. I'm disappointed in the loss, but at the same time I really like the way my team got after it." -- Warriors coach  Mark Jackson 
 
 
 HOT: Tiago Splitter  is making a pretty good frontcourt mate with Duncan. Tonight, Splitter went 8-for-10 and had nine rebounds with 19 points. Splitter has scored in double figures in each of the past five games and is shooting 27-for-37 during that stretch. 
 
 NOT: Gary Neal  opened the game 3-for-6. He finished by missing his last six shots but still led the San Antonio bench with eight points.  Manu Ginobili  was missing from the bench for the second-straight game with a hamstring strain. 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT : Duncan's 24 points and 10 rebounds also included three blocked shots, which he produced in the first quarter. Duncan at least three blocks each game over the past seven games and has averaged 4.1 rejections during that span. 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA : The start of the second half was delayed more than 10 minutes while a work crew repaired one of the rims that was found to be damaged. There was a suggestion made on press row that  Carl Landry  did it with a dunk with about six minutes left in the first half, but Landry said the rim was like that when he checked into the game. 
 
 GOOD MOVE : The Spurs were trailing by three when Boris Diaw checked in for Duncan with 5:23 left in the third quarter. Diaw didn't score, but he ran up to the top of the key on more than one occasion to screen for Parker. It appeared to speed up the Spurs' halfcourt pace, and Parker responded for two of his three baskets in the quarter with his French teammate on the floor. San Antonio led by as many as nine points before the end of the quarter with Parker and Diaw out there together. 
 
 BAD MOVE : With Curry sidelined, the Warriors were unable to get to the line much. Jack had two free throws tonight. Parker had five for San Antonio. Golden State also was unable to get Landry involved in the second half. He was 7-for-10 in the first half but had only three shots after halftime and missed them all. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH: Harrison Barnes  continued his streak of starting every game this season for Golden State (38 games, eight rebounds and four points during 37 minutes in this one) and teammate  Festus Ezeli  started his 33rd game (no points but five rebounds). 
 
 NOTABLE : Not only have the Warriors not won in San Antonio in 16 years (that's even before Duncan was drafted by the Spurs), Golden State has dropped 16 straight games overall in the series. 
 
 UP NEXT : For the Warriors, Saturday @ New Orleans, Monday vs. L.A. Clippers, Wednesday vs. Oklahoma City. For the Spurs, Saturday @ Atlanta, Monday @ Philadelphia, Wednesday vs. New Orleans. 
