  Notebook: Nets 97, Bobcats 87   By Jake Appleman, for NBA.com Posted Sunday January 22, 2012 9:52PM THE FACTS:  The Nets reversed their role from a night ago, and became the team that maintained an early lead all game, in a 97-87 win over the Bobcats. A night after he said he didn't like the Prudential Center,  Deron Williams  (19 points, 10 assists, 9 rebounds) started 5-7 from the floor and looked right at home.  Anthony Morrow  (19 points, +12) and  Jordan Farmar  (13 points, 4 assists, +10) made important contributions off the bench to build the lead back up. The Bobcats missed the presence of a healthy  D.J. Augustin , who left the game midway through the first half with an inflamed right big toe. QUOTABLE:  "Our bench gave us big production tonight especially Anthony Morrow. Shawne Williams came up big for us, Farmar made some shots, so had a nice synchronized rotation going."    -- Nets Coach  Avery Johnson THE STAT:  The Bobcats committed 12 first half turnovers, including 9 from their starting lineup, aiding the Nets' fast start. They only turned the ball over once in the second half and outscored the Nets by 6. TURNING POINT:  The Nets punished the Bobcats' second unit early in the second quarter to turn a 7-point lead into a 13-point advantage. Back-to-back buckets-a jumper and a 3-pointer-from Farmar and Morrow put the Nets up 38-25. While a pair of 3-pointers from former Net  Eduardo Najera  momentarily stopped the bleeding, the Nets built the lead up to 16 by halftime. QUOTABLE II:  "I was making no excuses. You guys asked me if I liked the arena. I said I didn't like the arena. No excuse for shooting bad. It has nothing to do with the arena. I'm not shooting good home or road."    -- Williams, addresses the controversy from last night surrounding his dislike of the Prudential Center. QUOTABLE III:  "I just played in the Turkish Cup in October. It was three games in three days. AAU basketball in high school, similar. But probably not, nothing compared to three NBA games in three days."   -- Williams, on the Nets finishing up a back-to-back-to-back stretch tomorrow in Chicago. INSIDE THE ARENA:  With the Giants playing in the NFC Championship game at the same time, few fans turned out, although some came to support  Kemba Walker , who is from the Bronx. ROOKIE WATCH:   MarShon Brooks  (20 points, 6 rebounds) led the Nets in scoring and took over early in the fourth quarter when he scored 6 points in under a minute. ...Walker (16 points) started the game explosively, scoring 11 first quarter points-almost tying his season average-while only attempting 5 field goals. But with a 1-8 stretch after that, he regressed closer to his 38 percent season shooting average as the game went on. ... Bismack Biyombo  (6 points) was athletic and active in his 18 minutes, and even effective at times during the Bobcats' late fourth-quarter surge. NOTABLE:  Biyombo and  Tyrus Thomas  both soared to make highlight reel rejections for the Bobcats. ...The Nets scored their first 10 points of the game in the paint. UP NEXT:  For the Bobcats, Tuesday vs. New York, Wednesday @ Washington, Friday @ Philadelphia. For the Nets, Sunday vs. Charlotte, Monday @ Chicago, Wednesday @ Philadelphia, Friday @ Cleveland.  