Notebook: Nuggets 118, Rockets 110 
 
 
 Michael Kelly, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Thu Jan 31, 2013 1:11 AM - Updated Thu Jan 31, 2013 1:11 AM 
 
 THE FACTS: Danilo Gallinari  scored 27 points,  Kenneth Faried  added 19 points and nine rebounds and the Denver Nuggets used a big run to start the fourth quarter to beat the Houston Rockets 118-110 on Wednesday night. 
 
 Ty Lawson  scored 16 points and  Andre Iguodala  had 15 for the Nuggets, who have won five straight. They finished January with a 12-3 record to move 11 games above .500. 
 
 Jeremy Lin  scored 13 of his team-high 22 points in the fourth quarter and  James Harden  and  Chandler Parsons  had 21 each for the Rockets, who had their three-game winning streak stopped. 
 
 Omer Asik  had 10 points and 18 rebounds for Houston, which had six players score in double figures. 
 Denver has beaten Houston in all three meetings this season and four in a row dating back to last season. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "It was a great month, we needed a special month and I think we got it. It puts us in position to hopefully have a great season."  
 -- Nuggets coach  George Karl 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Turnovers were a problem again for the Rockets. After averaging 20 in the first two meetings they had 22 more Wednesday. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The end of the third quarter and the start of the fourth. The Nuggets were down 85-77 with a minute left in the third when they started their push. They went on a 24-3 run through the first 5:06 of the fourth to go up 101-88. Houston missed six consecutive shots and committed six turnovers as Denver took control. 
 The Rockets cut the lead to six a few minutes later but another Gallinari 3-pointer pushed the advantage to nine. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "Gallinari made a couple of tough threes and then we decided we were going to do it on our own. It snowballed a little bit and they got ahead. You never want to lose. You especially don't want to lose when it's self-inflicted, and we did."  
 -- Houston coach  Kevin McHale 
 
 
 HOT:  Gallinari got hot for the Nuggets when they took control. He hit two 3-pointers and scored nine points in the first three minutes of the fourth to help Denver grab control. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "They had eight three pointers the whole game and they probably had four or five in the fourth quarter. They just got hot and we were trying to play uphill and come back from there on out."  
 -- Jeremy Lin  
 
 
 NOT:  Iguodala had a forgettable offensive third quarter. He missed all five of his shots, four from 3-point range, and had two airballs.  
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Houston's  Toney Douglas  was a pest at the end of the third quarter. The Houston guard stole the ball from  Andre Miller  and  Timofey Mozgov  on consecutive possessions and made layups both times to give the Rockets an 82-75. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Harden will be happy not to see the Nuggets for a while. He has committed 19 turnovers in three games against them, including six more Wednesday. 
 
 QUOTABLE IV:  "They are one of the top-scoring teams in the league and they get a lot of points on the fast break, so they try to push the tempo. We were trying to be active and get our hands on a few passes and disrupt the pace they're trying to get to."  
 -- Andre Iguodala, on Denver's ability to force turnovers against Houston 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  Denver reserve center  JaVale McGee  missed his second straight game with a sore left shin. An MRI performed Tuesday showed no stress fracture. He is day-to-day. ... The Nuggets' 12 wins were tied for the most in January. The last time they did it was last year. The franchise record for wins in any month is 13, set in March 1982. ... Gallinari had four blocks. He is averaging 2.66 blocks in three games against the Rockets. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Rockets, Saturday vs. Charlotte, Tuesday vs. Golden State, Wednesday @ Miami. For the Nuggets, Friday vs. New Orleans, Tuesday vs. Milwaukee, Thursday, Feb. 7, vs. Chicago. 
