  Notebook: Celtics 87, Magic 56   By Brian Robb, for NBA.com Posted Monday January 23, 2012 11:52PM THE FACTS:  The Boston Celtics held the Orlando Magic to a franchise-low in points, helping them cruise to their second straight victory with an 87-56 win. The record-setting defensive effort was all the more impressive given how shorthanded Boston was, as it was missing five players, including starters  Rajon Rondo  and  Ray Allen  due to injury. The entire roster stepped up their game without the two of the team's All-Stars, tying a franchise record for fewest points allowed with 56.  Paul Pierce  had a game-high 19 points for the Celtics, as they steadily built upon a double-digit lead in the second half with their stingy defense.  Kevin Garnett  also had a double-double in the team's first win over an opponent with a winning record all season. Orlando shot an inept 24.6 percent from the field and  Dwight Howard  was the team's only player in double figures with 18 points. QUOTABLE:  "They took us out of everything we did. I'm not saying we don't deserve blame, give us a lot of blame, but also make sure you give them a lot of credit. I mean that intensity and that defense was absolutely phenomenal."   --  Stan Van Gundy  on Boston's defense THE STAT:  Orlando scored an anemic 20 points in the second half, as Boston set a new franchise record for fewest points allowed in a half during the shot clock era. The Magic also hit a mere 18.5 percent of their shots from the field over those 24 minutes. The team's 24.6 percent shooting percentage for the evening was the lowest percentage in an NBA game since 2004. TURNING POINT:  The Celtics held a double-digit lead for the entire second half, but the game remained competitive in the early stages of the third quarter despite Orlando's porous offense. It wasn't until midway through the frame when Boston seized complete command of the contest with an 8-0 run, pushing its lead to 21 and putting the game out of reach for the Magic. QUOTABLE II:  "I think it really started at the top with  Avery Bradley  tonight. I mean, he was very infectious on the rest of us with his ball pressure all night long."   -- Pierce HOT: Brandon Bass  -- The C's sixth man tied Pierce for a game-high with 19 points and couldn't miss in the second quarter. Bass hit all seven of his shots in the period, (four field goals, three free throws) to finish with 11 of the Celtics' 24 points in the frame. NOT:  Dwight Howard -- After hitting his first three baskets of the night, Howard struggled just like the rest of his team to find the bottom of the net. The All-Star center missed 11 of his 12 final shots, finishing with an underwhelming 4-for-15 line. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Pierce -- With Rondo sidelined, the C's captain has taken on more of a point forward role within Rivers' offense and it has showed in the box score. After nearly having a triple-double Sunday against Washington, Pierce followed it up with another terrific all-around effort with seven assists and five rebounds to go along with his 19 points. INSIDE THE ARENA: Patrick Chung  and  Brian Waters  of the Super Bowl-bound New England Patriots enjoyed the game from courtside. GOOD MOVE:  Bradley helped to neutralize Orlando's offense by playing full-court pressure defense against Orlando's point guards for his 29 minutes on the floor. Players from both sides credited Bradley for setting the defensive tone with his energy all night for Boston. ROOKIE WATCH:  With Boston having only 10 active players, rookies  JaJuan Johnson, Greg Stiemsma  and  E'Twaun Moore  all saw extended minutes in the blowout victory for Boston. Moore played the biggest role out of the trio, backing up Bradley at point guard and chipping in six points off the bench in 19 minutes. NOTABLE: Glen Davis  made his first return to Boston. His former team greeted him with a Jumbotron tribute and a standing ovation from the crowd. Davis was dealt with  Von Wafer  in the offseason to Orlando for Bass. ... The win was the Celtics' second lowest shooting percentage allowed in franchise history. Boston's 16 field goals allowed was also a new franchise record in the shot clock era. ... Orlando had 15 of its 23 turnovers in the second half. ... Not one Magic player shot above 40 percent from the field. ... The Celtics hit all 19 of their free throws. ...  Mickael Pietrus  (shoulder),  Keyon Dooling  (knee) and  Chris Wilcox  (calf) all sat out due to injuries. Dooling and Rondo are on pace to return to action later this week. ... Boston led by as many as 33 points. ...  Jermaine O'Neal  and Howard got into a scuffle and were whistled for technical fouls midway through the third quarter. ... The two teams will face off in a rematch Thursday night. UP NEXT:  For the Magic, Tuesday @ Indiana, Thursday vs. Boston, Friday @ Portland. For the Celtics, Thursday @ Orlando, Friday vs. Indiana, Sunday vs. Cleveland.  