Notebook: Heat 103, Pistons 89 
 
 
 Zachary Paul, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Mar 22, 2013 11:05 PM - Updated Fri Mar 22, 2013 11:05 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:   And the streak goes on.   LeBron James  led the way with 29 points, eight rebounds and eight assists as the Miami Heat remained the league's hottest story by winning for the 25th straight time, defeating the Detroit Pistons 103-89 Friday at AmericanAirlines Arena.  
 The Heat now stand just eight wins shy of tying the 1971-72 Los Angeles Lakers' record of 33 straight victories. Miami once again needed to complete a rally to keep the streak alive.  
 The Pistons led by 11 in the first half before the Heat turned things on, especially at the end of the third quarter.  
 The Heat had five players score in double-figures, including  Dwyane Wade  (19 points),  Ray Allen  (11),  Mario Chalmers  (11) and  Norris Cole  (10).  
 For the Pistons, it was their 10th straight loss. They were led by  Greg Monroe 's 23 points on 10 of 19 shooting.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "It's not the nature of our team. I don't think it's the nature of our personnel. We don't get caught up in things like that, saying that we're untouchable. We know that we can beat on any night if we don't come in with the mind set to play our game. It's not hard at all."  
 -- James said on not getting complacent during the streak.  
 
 
 THE STAT:   The Heat shot 56 percent from the field, including 8 of 15 from 3-point range, while holding the Pistons to 41 percent.   
 
 TURNING POINT:  Trailing 68-67, the Heat created just enough separation with a 7-0 run at the end of the third and the start of the fourth quarter.   
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "They (the Heat) are a great team. I think we gave our best. It's not like they just beat us. They beat 24 teams before us. Tonight it was totally different. A lot of people probably expected them to beat us by 40 or 50 points. That's not going to happen."  
 -- Pistons guard  Jose Calderon   
 
 
 HOT:  James didn't turn it on until the second half, getting it going just in time to spark the rally. He got to the free throw line 15 times, which means he attacking the basket more. James did hit a 3-pointer in the third quarter, but he was most effective off the dribble.  
 
 NOT:   From a scoring standpoint, it was one of the worst nights for Heat center  Chris Bosh . It was just the sixth time this season he failed to reach double-figures, finishing with a season-low five points. Bosh did grab six rebounds, but his scoring struggles were evident.  
 
 GOOD MOVE:  With Bosh struggling, the Heat got strong efforts from  Shane Battier ,  Ray Allen  and  Chris Andersen . The added scoring helped offset a slow night for Bosh and Wade, who at times had trouble finding his shot.  
 
 BAD MOVE:  The Pistons let things slip away when the Heat started scoring more in transition. Give credit to Miami turning it up on the defensive end in the second half, which led to several fast-break points.  
 
 NOTABLE:  The Heat improved to 31-3 at home ...Miami announced forward Juwan Howard would be signed for the remainder of the season ... The Pistons have lost 16 of 18 since center  Andre Drummond  was injured. Drummond has been out with a stress fracture in his back ... This was fifth time Miami has rallied from a double-digit deficit during the winning streak. The Heat trailed the Pistons by 11 in the first half ... This is Detroit's first double-digit losing streak since 2010.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Sunday vs. Bobcats, Monday @ Magic, Wednesday @ Bulls. For the Pistons, Saturday @ Bobcats, Tuesday vs. Timberwolves, Friday vs. Raptors.  
