  Notebook: Pistons 110, Bobcats 107 Posted Saturday March 31, 2012 11:36PM By Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Forward  Tayshaun Prince  scored 24 points as the Detroit Pistons rallied from eight points down with 1:50 left in regulation and defeated the Charlotte Bobcats in overtime, 110-107, Saturday night. Reserve guard  Will Bynum  had 17 points, including a game-tying 3-pointer with 15.7 seconds left in regulation and five overtime free throws. Forward  Byron Mullens  led the Bobcats, who lost their seventh straight, with 20 points. QUOTABLE:  "You have ups and downs, it's part of the game. It's just playing through it and knowing your ability. I know what I can do out there on the court, so I have the utmost confidence in myself. I never lose that, regardless of what happens."   -- Will Bynum on his performance after missing all eight of his field-goal attempts in Chicago Friday THE STAT:  47-31. The Pistons had a 16-point advantage in bench points after their bench failed them in Chicago the previous night. Detroit's reserves only produced nine points on 3-for-21 shooting Friday but they contributed 47 points and 17 rebounds Saturday. Along with Bynum, forward  Jonas Jerebko  was a key factor with 18 points, five rebounds and three assists. TURNING POINT:  Charlotte was on the verge of its fourth road victory of the season but the Pistons outscored it 12-4 in the final two minutes of regulation. Rookie guard  Brandon Knight  sparked the run with two 3-pointers off passes from Prince. QUOTABLE II:  "We let the ball do the work more in this game. We trusted each other. It's something we've got to do, get everybody involved. We did that tonight and it was a great team win."   -- Jonas Jerebko on Detroit's strong bench play HOT:  Prince has picked up his scoring in the last four games, averaging 21.3 points. That hot stretch has lifted his season average to 13.1 points, third on the team. A spot-up shooter earlier in his career, Prince did all of his damage inside the 3-point line Saturday, making 11 two-point field goals. NOT:  Bobcats guard  Gerald Henderson  made a pivotal turnover during Detroit's regulation comeback and had another in the closing seconds of overtime with his team trailing by three. He shot 4-for-13 from the field while scoring 13 points. GOOD MOVE:  Jerebko passed up a 3-point attempt late in the regulation and swung the ball to Bynum for the game-tying 3-pointer. "I was going to make it, but Will made it instead," Jerebko said. BAD MOVE:   Stephen Silas , whose father  Paul  allowed his son to make the in-game adjustments Saturday, didn't call a timeout during the Pistons' late rally until Detroit tied the game. ROOKIE WATCH:  A year ago on Final Four Saturday, Connecticut's  Kemba Walker  and Kentucky's Brandon Knight faced each other and UConn came away with a one-point victory. They met again under very different circumstances a year later. Wallker had five points and seven assists off the bench for Charlotte, while Knight finished with 12 points and six assists. NOTABLE:  Both teams were without their leading scorers. Bobcats forward  Corey Maggette  had a right Achilles' tendon strain while Pistons guard  Rodney Stuckey  missed his second straight game with a sore left hamstring. Detroit sixth man  Ben Gordon  (sore groin) sat out for the third straight time. ... The Pistons lead the season series 3-0. ... Detroit had a season-high 62 points in the paint after scoring just 24 in Chicago. ... The Pistons' loss at Chicago Friday ensured they could finish no better than .500 this season. That marks their fourth consecutive non-winning season, their longest streak since they had six consecutive losing seasons from 1997-78 through 1982-83. ... Swingman  Reggie Williams  added 17 points for Charlotte. UP NEXT:  For the Bobcats, Tuesday @ Toronto, Wednesday @ Atlanta, Friday @ Milwaukee. For the Pistons, Tuesday vs. Orlando, Thursday vs. Washington, Friday @ Atlanta.  