  Notebook: Sixers 98, Bobcats 89 Posted Monday February 13, 2012 10:49PM By Derek S. Smith, for NBA.com THE FACTS:   Lou Williams  scored a game-high 23 points off the bench while  Thaddeus Young  added 20 to propel the Philadelphia 76ers past the struggling Charlotte Bobcats 98-89 Monday night at Time Warner Cable Arena.  Corey Maggette  scored 22 for the Bobcats, who have now lost a franchise record 15 consecutive games. QUOTABLE:  "Thad (Young) gave us a huge lift when we needed it and Lou (Williams) did a great job off the bench again. The guys who are doing it are the guys who are going to be out there. The bench was playing well and so we went with it. I knew this was going to be a very tough game out there."   -- Philadelphia coach  Doug Collins THE STAT:  Bench scoring. The Sixers are second in the league in scoring from the bench. Philadelphia's two leading scorers tonight did not start.  Lou Williams  had 23 points and  Thaddeus Young  had 20. The reserves combined to score 23-of-27 points for Philadelphia in the pivotal fourth quarter. Overall, the Sixers bench scored 55 points compared to only 23 from the Bobcats reserves. On the season the Sixers average 43.3 points off the bench. TURNING POINT : Costly turnovers. The Bobcats had the chance to tie the game or take the lead late in the third quarter, but  Matt Carroll  lost the ball on a drive to the basket with 4.5 seconds left. He then proceeded to pick up a loose ball foul that extended the Sixers lead to four points. HOT:  Young scored 20 points on just nine shot attempts. He made six field goals and then was 8-for-9 from the free throw line. Young also added six rebounds. He's been in double figures in five of the last six games. Young had made 62.5 percent over the last four games and are 2-1 when he scores 20 or more points. NOT:  The Charlotte offense. The Bobcats are last in the league in points and scoring margin having been outscored by an average of 14.4 points per game this season. The Bobcats have yet to crack the 90-point barrier in February and are averaging just 80.3 points over the last six games. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Duke assistant coach  Chris Collins  and his son Ryan were in attendance from Durham to watch Philadelphia and head coach Collins. ROOKIE WATCH:   Kemba Walker  scored 21 points and added five assists for the Bobcats. Walker averaged 16.3 points over the most recent three-game stretch for the Bobcats and added 14 assists while committing just two turnovers. It was the fifth game of 20 or more for Walker and his 12th time in double figures in the last 17 games. NOTABLE:   Maggette recorded season highs with 22 points and three steals. ...  Boris Diaw  had a season-best 10 assists. ...  Reggie Williams  netted 14 points and scored in double figures for the third time in five games. ...  Nikola Vucevic  grabbed a career-high 10 rebounds. ... Williams scored 20-plus points for the eighth time this season. ... the Sixers are first in the NBA in scoring defense. ... Philadelphia has committed 11 or fewer turnovers in each of the past 10 games (76 total). UP NEXT:  For the Sixers, Wednesday @ Orlando, Friday vs. Dallas, Sunday @ Minnesota. For the Bobcats, Wednesday @ Minnesota, Friday @ Toronto, Sunday @ Indiana.  