  Notebook: Spurs 101, Warriors 95   By Tim Price, for NBA.com Posted Thursday January 5, 2012 12:35AM THE FACTS: Tony Parker  scored 21 points for San Antonio, but key defensive stops down the stretch finally helped to cool off Golden State's  Monta Ellis  and the Spurs -- in their first game without the injured  Manu Ginobili  -- managed a 101-95 win over the Warriors on Wednesday night at AT&T Center. Ginobili got a rousing cheer from fans while sitting courtside in street clothes, but he'll be in a hospital smock tomorrow when surgeons operate on the fifth metacarpal bone that he fractured in his left hand Monday at Minnesota. He'll miss at least six weeks, which would be OK if the Spurs (4-2) could play all those games in San Antonio where they are a league-best 4-0. Ellis scored 38 points in 44 minutes for Golden State (2-4). He was 9-for-11 to start the game, but spent the second half shooting 6-for-18 while backcourt mate  Stephen Curry  limped off the court with an injured right ankle. Curry is listed as day-to-day. QUOTABLE:  "I'd rather finish the game than start it. In the second half we did a great job shutting down their guards. They came out hot, but we played better defense. We play some good defense, we get some stops and we're able to get out and run and get some open threes."    -- Spurs key reserve guard  Danny Green THE STAT:  Not only did the Spurs shoot 12-for-17 in the fourth quarter and limit the Warriors to 7-for-20 (San Antonio won the final quarter 31-20), they got four blocks. Two came from  Tim Duncan  and the other two from the journeyman Green, who had the chief defensive assignment on Ellis. The Warriors led in fastbreak points 12-4 after three quarters, but San Antonio outran Golden State 10-3 on the break in the fourth, keyed by the defensive stops. Parker scored 10 fourth-quarter points and backup point guard  T.J. Ford  (he played on the floor at the same time during the fourth with Parker) had four assists in the final period. TURNING POINT:  Golden State led 88-80 when Ellis hit a pair of free throws with 6:46 to go. But with Green getting a chance to go one-on-one on defense against Ellis some of the fourth quarter, Ellis struggled in going 2-for-8 and the Spurs outscored Golden State 21-7 the rest of the way. QUOTABLE II:  "They tried to get the ball out of (Ellis') hands. He's just that good that he can create, take the double team and make plays. I'd love to give Green all the credit, but it was a collective effort trying to contain him."    -- Warriors coach  Mark Jackson HOT:  Apologies to Ellis and Curry, who started the game hitting the first 15 of 18 shots they took, but they weren't perfect.  Richard Jefferson  was. He went 5-for-5 from the 3-point line for 17 points. He's 11-for-15 in his last three games from distance and is shooting 58 percent for the season. Ellis and Curry were 9-for-10 in the first quarter and 15-for-18 through most of the first half, but then went on a 1-for-10 stretch. NOT:  Ellis could take some of the heat for Golden State's lack of offense the final six minutes of the game, but  Kwame Brown  came up a dud. With Golden State trailing by three with 2 1/2 to go, Brown missed all four of his free throws over the next 30 seconds. Brown went 3-for-6 from the floor, but was 2-for-8 from the line for the game. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Ellis chipped in seven assists (he had 11 earlier this week against Phoenix) to go along with his 38 points. He could be a bigger keeper if Curry misses prolonged action and the Warriors, as would be expected, channel the offense through Ellis. Duncan had his first double-double of the season -- 15 points and 11 rebounds. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Spurs great  George Gervin  and former coach and general manager  Bob Bass  spoke at halftime as the Spurs franchise honored former player  Mike Mitchell . A teammate alongside Gervin for seven seasons during some of the first notable teams in San Antonio (he played for San Antonio during the 1982 and '83 Western Conference finals against the Lakers), Mitchell died battling cancer in June. Team officials presented gifts to Mitchell's wife  Diana  and son  Mike . GOOD MOVE:  Though Jackson begged to differ after the game, the Spurs shied from double-teamming Ellis and relied mostly on Green to work on Ellis. Green also scored eight points in 15 minutes including all of the fourth quarter. GOOD MOVE II:  Though he said before the game he would not do it, Spurs coach  Gregg Popovich  played point guards Ford and Parker on the floor at the same time in the fourth quarter. With Parker handling the scoring load while Ginobili was on the bench, Ford passed the ball and got eight assists -- half of those when he played the entire fourth quarter. GOOD MOVE III:  With Ellis knocking down plenty of jumpers -- and Curry hobbling off to the locker room with his sprained ankle -- it left the best move to be done off the floor. That came when the Warriors announced they had finished off the paperwork to sign  Nate Robinson . Though Robinson was waived earlier this season by Oklahoma City and has bounced between New York and Boston in recent seasons, Robinson at least provides Golden State a body when Curry tries to fight through what is threatening to become a chronic ankle problem. Robinson is expected to join the team in time for Friday's game at the Lakers. "We brought him in because of his ability to score, because of his energy and effort," Jackson said. "A proven guy. He's going to have an opportunity, and that's even if Stephen (Curry) is healthy. There's minutes to be had. We're happy to have him." BAD MOVE:  Having Brown on the floor for Golden State during a tight game late will prove to be a disaster for Jackson if he keeps it up. The four missed free throws rattled Golden State in the final two minutes. ROOKIE WATCH:  When Curry limped off,  Klay Thompson  (11th overall selection in the draft from Washington State) stepped up. He was 4-for-10 including a pair of threes and scored 10 points in 24 minutes. NOTABLE:  The Spurs have won 27-straight at home, 13 overall, against Golden State. The last time the Warriors won in San Antonio came in 1997. ...  Gary Neal  got his first playing time for the Spurs this season after his appendectomy prior to the season. He played 16 minutes and scored seven points. ... Other than San Antonio, Orlando and Denver are the only teams with a 4-0 home record in the league. ... Duncan was called for a technical by referee  Mark Lindsay  for arguing a call late in the first half. UP NEXT:  For the Warriors, Friday @ L.A. Lakers, Saturday vs. Utah, Tuesday vs. Miami. For the Spurs, Thursday vs. Dallas, Saturday vs. Denver, Sunday @ Oklahoma City.  