  Notebook: Celtics 91, Heat 72 Posted Sunday April 1, 2012 8:46PM By Brian Robb, for NBA.com THE FACTS: Rajon Rondo  put on a masterful performance with his league-leading fifth triple-double of the season, as the Boston Celtics blew out the Miami Heat 91-72 for their fifth straight win. The All-Star point guard had 16 points, 11 rebounds and 14 assists, serving as the catalyst for the C's during their dominant third quarter, when they outscored Miami 31-12 and opened up a comfortable 24-point lead.  Paul Pierce  added a game-high 23 points for the C's, who won their eighth straight at TD Garden.  LeBron James  had 23 points for the defending Eastern Conference champions, who were dealt their biggest loss of the season. The deficit was largely due to Miami's struggles on the offensive end, as they hit just 34.8 percent of their shots during the contest. QUOTABLE:  "We told Rondo that we needed him to be a scorer. Not necessarily a playmaker; a scorer. And I thought he set the tone at the beginning of the game by doing that, and I thought that loosened it up for everybody else to get into the game. He was terrific."  - -  Doc Rivers  on Rondo THE STAT:  In the second half, Miami made 26.8 percent of its shot attempts (11-of-41), mustering a mere 28 points over the final 24 minutes. TURNING POINT:  Rondo took charge of what was a tight five-point affair midway throughout the third quarter, jumpstarting the C's to a 17-2 run. The 26-year old guard was nearly involved in every basket in the outburst, scoring four points and dishing out five assists over the pivotal stretch that put Miami away. QUOTABLE II:  "We wanted to play well, but we didn't. They played exceptionally well. It was as good as they've played against us in a long time. Our mental focus wasn't there the whole game. It was an old-fashioned butt whooping tonight."   --  Dwyane Wade HOT:  Rondo -- With his 14 assists, the 6'1'' point guard has now finished with double-digit assists in 13 consecutive games. NOT: Chris Bosh  -- The standout power forward could not get anything going on the offensive end against  Kevin Garnett  and the vaunted Celtic defense. Bosh missed nine of his eleven shots and finished with just four points overall, 14 below his season average. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Pierce - Boston's captain continued to build upon his tremendous month of March, contributing across the board on both ends with seven rebounds, three assists and two steals to go along with his 23 points. QUOTABLE III:  "This game was unacceptable. We will fix it together, collectively. We're not happy about it, we have not been able to come up with an answer on the road, particularly in the third quarter. We fell prey to that again tonight."  - -  Erik Spoelstra INSIDE THE ARENA : Red Sox President and CEO  Larry Lucchino  took in the game at TD Garden. GOOD MOVE:  Rivers made a point before the game to tell Rondo he "needed to be a scorer" in order for the C's to be at their best against Miami. The point guard responded to the challenge, leading the C's with 10 points in the first quarter, which helped to open up the offense for his teammates over the remainder of the contest. ROOKIE WATCH: Greg Stiemsma  continues to deliver valuable minutes off the bench for Boston, pitching in with six points, four rebounds and two steals in 24 minutes before fouling out in the fourth quarter. For the Heat,  Norris Cole  continues to be marred in a slump, missing nine of his 11 shots, and is now shooting just 27.9 percent over his last ten games. NOTABLE: Udonis Haslem  played 24 minutes off the bench for the Heat and finished with eight points and eight rebounds. The reserve power forward had missed Friday's game against Toronto for family reasons, but rejoined his teammates on Saturday in Boston.  Ray Allen  missed his sixth straight game due to lingering pain in his right ankle. Rivers elaborated on Allen's recent attempts to get back on the floor before the game: "You can see moving around, he's just not ready to play. He literally can't play," Rivers told reporters. Allen could return as soon as Wednesday against San Antonio. Reserve swingman  Mickael Pietrus  was seen in the locker room wearing sunglasses while visiting teammates for the first time since suffering a concussion in Philadelphia on March 23rd. There is still no timetable on his return to action. James did not record an assist for just the second time in his career. Bass set a career-high with 10 free throw attempts. The Celtics turned the ball over seven times in the fourth quarter. Miami was just 11-of-46 on shot attempts outside the paint. UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Tuesday vs. Philadelphia, Wednesday vs. Oklahoma City, Friday vs. Memphis. For the Celtics, Wednesday vs. San Antonio, Thursday @ Chicago, Saturday @ Indiana.  