
 Hawks-Bobcats notebook   By Derek S. Smith, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday April 13, 2011 11:28PM THE FACTS:  The Charlotte Bobcats will head into the offseason on a two-game winning streak thanks to a 96-95 victory over the reeling Atlanta Hawks.  Gerald Henderson  paced the Bobcats with 20 points while  Josh Powell  led the way for the Hawks off the bench with 16. Atlanta will enter the postseason on a six-game losing streak ahead of its first-round matchup with the Orlando Magic. QUOTABLE:  "I was hoping that it wouldn't end like this. It was one of my concerns after we locked up the fifth spot. I was hoping I could pull it out of our guys to continue to play hard and really compete. I was hoping our guys would play at a higher level, but they didn't respond to that. Now, it's time to flip the switch and I'm pretty confident that they will do that."   -- Atlanta head coach  Larry Drew . THE STAT:  Minutes. Drew chose to rest his starters for a majority of the game. Only two of their starters saw more than 20 minutes of playing time with just  Kirk Hinrich  scoring in double figures. Charlotte on the other hand used all of its starters at least 29 minutes and had just one starter not reach double figures in scoring. TURNING POINT:  Bench play. The Bobcats bench stole the momentum form Atlanta midway through the fourth quarter. After the Hawks cut the lead to just four points,  D.J. White  salted the game away. The Charlotte forward started a 7-0 run with a dunk in transition and also ended it with a 17-foot jumper to put the Bobcats back ahead 85-74. QUOTABLE II:  "I just try to get better every day and in each game. I look at it as an opportunity to get better at my job. We didn't do what we wanted to as a team this year so we have a lot to work on as a team so we can make the playoffs next year."   -- Charlotte guard Gerald Henderson. HOT:  Henderson. The Bobcats second-year guard finished the season with a 20-point, six-rebound, six-assist night. He closed out the year on a hot streak having scored in double figures in 22 of his final 28 games and averaging close to 15 points per game in that stretch compared to just 4.3 in his first 83 games in the NBA. NOT:  Hawks starting five. The Atlanta starters were just 10-for-26 from the floor and accounted for only 20 of the teams 85 points. Joe Johnson scored just two points on 1-for-6 shooting for his fourth consecutive game in which he scored below his season average. BAD MOVE:  Resting the starters. Drew has chosen to rest his starters at the regular season has wound down with disastrous results. The Hawks limp into the playoffs on a six-game losing streak with losses to Charlotte and Washington in two of their three final regular season games. ROOKIE WATCH:   Papa Sy  was the lone rookie to see action Wednesday night. He played just nine minutes and was the only player for either team to not score a point. NOTABLE:   Kwame Brown  has scored in double figures in six straight games after his 11-point performance Wednesday night.  D.J. Augustin  has scored in double figures in 21 of his last 26 games and is averaging 14.9 points during that stretch.  Dante Cunningham  finished the season scoring in double figures in eight of the final 11 games and averaging 11.9 points during that stretch. Powell and  Damien Wilkens  both scored in double figures for the fifth time this season. Hawks guard  Jeff Teague  has registered double digit totals in points in three of the last four games. UP NEXT:  For the Hawks, Saturday @ Orlando, Tuesday @ Orlando, Friday vs. Orlando. For the Bobcats, Season Finished. 
