  Hawks-Rockets notebook   By Matt Winkeljohn, for NBA.com Posted Saturday January 15, 2011 10:40PM THE FACTS:  Houston reserve point guard  Aaron Brooks  had one of his two best games of the season, tying his season high of 24 points by scoring 17 in the second half to lead the Rockets to a 112-106 win Saturday at Atlanta. Houston rookie  Patrick Patterson  was taken to a local hospital in the middle of the game with flu-like symptoms and congestion after scoring six points. One night after blowing a 16-point fourth quarter lead at home in a 110-105 overtime loss to the Hornets, Houston -- after arriving in Atlanta at 2:45 a.m. -- shot 54 percent from the field and out-rebounded a bigger Atlanta squad 45-32 to snap the Hawks' five-game winning streak and 10-game home winning streak. Houston's  Luis Scola  scored 18 of his 20 in the first half, and reserve forward-center  Jordan Hill  added 16 points as the Rockets' reserves outscored Atlanta's subs 50-15. Hawks supersub  Jamal Crawford  scored just eight points after averaging 27.2 over the previous six games.  Joe Johnson  led Atlanta with 30 points. QUOTABLE:  "The last two years, we have been very resilient. As I told them after the game, it just shows that we have the potential to keep winning games, but we have to finish like we did tonight. Aaron had a huge game, a big basket when they cut it to five. I'm really proud of the way they played after the game last night."    -- Houston coach  Rick Adelman , whose team snapped a two-game skid. THE STAT:  17-3. Brooks and starting point guard  Kyle Lowry  combined for 17 points and three assists in the fourth quarter, when the Rockets put the Hawks away by making 11 of 19 shots, and 3-of-5 3-pointers. Brooks scored 12 points, making half his six shots, 2-of-3 treys, and all four of his free throws. Houston subs -- playing more minutes than usual one night after an overtime loss -- outscored Houston starters 18-11 in the final quarter as Adelman played Lowry and Brooks side-by-side for much of the period. TURNING POINT:  Trailing 80-71 after a  Josh Smith  layup for Atlanta with 3:22 left in the third quarter, the Rockets closed the period with a 12-2 run as they made their final five shots of the period -- including a Brooks jumper, 3-pointers by Brooks and Lowry, and a pair of shots by Hill. Atlanta took a one-point lead when  Al Horford  scored on the first possession of the fourth quarter, but a Brooks 3-pointer about a minute later gave the Rockets the lead for good. Houston pushed the lead to 13 points by the middle of the fourth. QUOTABLE II:  "We gave it our all tonight, but [Houston] is a team that plays extremely hard. I knew when  Patrick Patterson  made the under-the-arm scoop, falling down . . . that it was a pretty good night for them."    -- Hawks forward Josh Smith. HOT:  Brooks, who has battled a sprained left ankle much of the season, has averaged 18.5 points in four games since he was most recently shelved with the injury. He played just 15-plus minutes in Friday's loss to New Orleans, but played 28:07 Saturday. He also scored 24 points in the first of those four games, a Houston win at Boston on Jan. 10. . . . With 30 points Saturday, Johnson has averaged 28 points over Atlanta's past six games. . . . Horford has three straight double doubles (24 points, 10 rebounds Saturday). GOOD MOVE:  Adelman's decision to play Brooks and Lowry at the same time -- despite both being 6-feet -- paid off handsomely down the stretch as starting shooting guard  Kevin Martin  (2-for-7 with two turnovers in just under 20 minutes) was off kilter in his second game back after missing time with a sore left wrist. NOTABLE:  Rockets rookie forward Patrick Patterson was taken to a local hospital in the middle of the game after team officials said he appeared ill. Patterson made all three of his shots in 3:54, but team officials said he had been displaying flu-like symptoms. "I haven't heard a word," Adelman said after the game. "He was just not feeling good, and the doctors took him to the hospital for tests. We haven't heard anything." UP NEXT:  For the Rockets, Monday vs. Bucks, Wednesday vs. Knicks, Friday at Grizzlies. For the Hawks, Monday vs. Kings, Tuesday @ Heat, Friday vs. Hornets.  