  Notebook: Lakers 103, Trail Blazers 96 Posted Saturday March 24, 2012 2:13AM By Dan Arritt, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  In his first start for the Lakers, point guard  Ramon Sessions  gave his new team something to look forward to Friday night, scoring 20 points and handing out 11 assists in a 103-96 victory against the Trail Blazers at Staples Center. QUOTABLE:  "Sessions did a great job controlling the tempo for us. He's shooting the ball well and to have a double-double in 35 minutes is not bad."  --  Lakers head coach  Mike Brown. THE STAT:  In each of his five games since getting traded from the Cavaliers to the Lakers last week, Sessions has improved his scoring output. He had seven points in his debut March 16, followed by games of 10, 14 and 17. His double-double against Portland was the 23rd of his career and the 34th time he has scored at least 20 points in his 305th NBA game. TURNING POINT:  Four times the Trail Blazers cut the deficit to one point in the fourth quarter. After the final time, Sessions came down the floor and sank his second 3-pointer of the game to give the Lakers a 93-89 lead with 3:03 left. He then assisted on baskets by  Matt Barnes  and  Pau Gasol  to keep it a two-possession lead. HOT:  The Lakers shot 61.9 percent in opening quarter (13-for-21).  Andrew Bynum ,  Kobe Bryant  and Sessions combined to shoot 12-for-15 and score 28 of the Lakers' 30 points in that stretch. Bynum finished with a team-high 28 points on 12-for-20 shooting. Bryant, meanwhile, cooled off and missed his final 11 field-goal attempts. For the Trail Blazers, forward  LaMarcus Aldridge  bounced back from some early foul trouble and scored 29 points on 12-for-18 shooting. NOT:  Portland point guard  Raymond Felton  was looking for his fifth straight game in double figures, a streak he hadn't put together in more than a year. He never found his shot, however, and finished with six points on 2-for-11 shooting. The Trail Blazers didn't get much out of their second-leading scorer either, as  Nicolas Batum  finished with nine points on 3-for-9 shooting. GOOD MOVE:  Barnes has probably benefited the most from Sessions thus far. In the first four games after Sessions arrived, they spent a lot of time together on the second unit and were on the floor for most of the fourth quarter Friday. After a bad pass by Sessions went into the hands of  Jamal Crawford  early in the fourth, Barnes blocked Crawford's fast-break lay up on the other end, preserving the Lakers one-point lead. Barnes then sank a 3-pointer in front of the Portland bench on the other end, pushing the lead back to four. Barnes scored seven of his nine points and played all but 72 seconds in the final quarter. Sessions was the only member of the Lakers to play all 12 minutes. BAD MOVE:  Though he collected in a team-high 16 rebounds, Gasol couldn't find his touch offensively. He went scoreless until hitting an 18-footer with 4:07 left in the first half and seemed content to stay as far away from the rim as possible. During one sequence early in the third quarter, Sessions made a nice backdoor bounce pass to Bryant, who tossed the ball behind his back to Gasol. Instead of taking the ball hard to the rim, which would have brought the crowd to its feet, Gasol threw up a running hook shot from four feet that missed badly. Of course, he came back on the next possession and hit a 20-footer to push the leas back to 58-54. QUOTABLE II:  "We came out tonight and were staying in the moment, trying to control what we can control ... we just came up a little short."  --  Trail Blazers head coach  Kaleb Canales. NOTABLE:  Sessions is the first Lakers' point guard to get a double-double since  Derek Fisher  had 13 points and 11 assists in a three-point victory against the Heat in January 2009 ... Portland forward  J.J. Hickson , acquired off waivers Wednesday after he was released by Sacramento, made his debut for Portland and equaled his season-high with 14 points off the bench on 6-for-9 shooting ... the Lakers had a season-high 33 assists on 40 field goals ... The Lakers increased their Pacific Division lead over the idle Clippers to 3 1/2 games. UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Sunday vs. Memphis, Tuesday @ Golden State, Thursday vs. Oklahoma City. For the Trail Blazers, Sunday vs. Golden State, Tuesday vs. Oklahoma City, Thursday vs. New Orleans.  