Notebook: Knicks 83, Bulls 78 
 
 
 Joshua Newman, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Dec 11, 2013 11:04 PM - Updated Wed Dec 11, 2013 11:37 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Knicks are now just 3-11 in their last 14 games and, at 6-15 overall, they are in last place in the Atlantic Division and second-to-last in the Eastern Conference.  
 
 THE LEAD:  Coming off a pair of ugly losses to the Boston Celtics on Sunday and Cleveland Cavaliers on Tuesday, the New York Knicks flipped the script on Wednesday. New York registered a 19-0 run to open the second quarter before holding on late to defeat the Chicago Bulls 83-78 at Madison Square Garden.  
 
 Carmelo Anthony  led the way with a game-high 30 points, while  Amar'e Stoudemire , playing the second end of a back-to-back for the first time this season, scored 10 of his 14 in the first half. After playing 27 minutes on Tuesday evening, the former All-Star forward played a season-high 30 on Wednesday.  
 For the Bulls (8-12),  Mike Dunleavy  continued his recent strong play with a team-high 20 points, but on 7-for-24 shooting from the floor.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We got after it. We were very determined to go out there and get this win tonight. We have a tendency to play harder against teams that we respect." 
 
 -- Amar'e Stoudemire 
 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "This is the longest I've been able to play him. He has come a long way since the start of the season when I could only play him a certain amount of minutes. His minutes are starting to grow and we are starting to benefit from that." 
 
 --Knicks coach  Mike Woodson 
 
 
 QUOTABLE III : "The last couple nights, Amar'e has been stepping up big time by giving us another option we can go to offensively. Defensively, he's stepped up and we've had his back out there. We have to help him get better and we have to do it together." 
 
 --Carmelo Anthony 
 
 
 THE STAT:  In what has largely been a season of discontent so far, Anthony has been a source of consistency. His 30 points on Tuesday marked his 17th game of at least 20 points this season. He entered the night averaging 25.4 points per game, which placed him second in the NBA behind Oklahoma City Thunder star  Kevin Durant .  
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Knicks looked sluggish early and trailed after the first quarter, 17-15, before going on a 19-0 run to open the second quarter and take control. Stoudemire had six of those points as a driving layup from  Beno Udrih  capped the run for a Knicks 34-17 lead with 5:55 to play in the first half.  
 
 HOT:  Stoudemire has scored in double-figures in four of his last five games as he slowly begins to look a little like the player he was before injuries began to derail him. In his last five games, Stoudemire has averaged 11.8 points in 20.3 minutes off the bench.  
 
 NOT: Metta World Peace  saw extended time in the last three games with  Kenyon Martin  out with a sore left ankle, but that came to an end on Wednesday. The 16th-year pro out of St. John's registered a "DNP-Coach's Decision" for the first time this season. In the three games before Wednesday, World Peace played an average 21.7 minutes per outing.  
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  Actors Jimmy Smits, Judd Hirsch, Jeremy Piven, and R&B singer Estelle sat courtside.  
 
 NOTABLE:  With  Raymond Felton  out indefinitely with a sore left hamstring,  Pablo Prigioni  registered his fifth start of the season. ...In his return from a two-game absence, Martin had a season-high four blocks, including three on one possession in the second quarter. ... Iman Shumper t left the game early in the third quarter after he banged knees with Dunleavy. The Knicks called it a bruised left knee and he did not return. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Friday @ Boston, Saturday vs. Atlanta, Monday vs. Washington. For the Bulls, Friday @ Milwaukee, Saturday vs. Toronto, Monday vs. Orlando 
