Notebook: Kings 95, Wizards 94 
 
 
 James Ham, For NBA.com 
 
Posted Thu Jan 17, 2013 1:30 AM - Updated Thu Jan 17, 2013 1:30 AM 
 
 THE FACTS : The Sacramento Kings and Washington Wizards gave the fans their money worth on Wednesday night at Sleep Train Arena, as the Kings held off two late shot attempts by the Wizards for a 95-94 victory. 
 
 DeMarcus Cousins  had another double-double, finishing with 21 points and 16 rebounds.  Tyreke Evans  finished with 21 points, eight assists and eight rebounds in a near triple-double performance, while veteran  John Salmons  was the third Kings player to score 21 points in the win. 
 
 Bradley Beal  set a new career-high, scoring 26 points on an impressive 9-for-14 from the field.   Nene  was a beast in the post, finishing with 15 points and nine rebounds before fouling out.  John Wall  scored 14 points and handed out 10 assists off the Wizards bench. 
 
 QUOTABLE : "I just think it was really hard to keep the team from going to Anaheim and we did that. I think it was really hard to come up with a financing plan for a new arena in a down economy in California and we did that. We've had our back against the wall before. I think we have what it takes. I just hope all the pieces fall into place and we get an opportunity to present and submit a fair and competitive offer."  
 -- Mayor, and former Suns All-Star,  Kevin Johnson  from his courtside seat on Sacramento's chances of keeping the Kings  
 
 THE STAT : While the Wizards shot 8-for-11 from the foul line, it was the two misses in the closing seconds that changed the outcome of this game. 
 
 TURNING POINT : This game was back and forth all the way down the stretch, but with 30.2 seconds remaining and the game tied at 94-94, Wall bricked a pair of free throws.  Evans hit one of his two attempts at the other end and the Kings held on for one point win. 
 
 HOT : Beal was on fire in the first half, scoring 15 points on 6-for-8 shooting, but so was Evans.  The Kings shooting guard matched Beal's total of 15 points, but shot a stellar 6-for-7 from the field before the break.   
 
 NOT: Trevor Ariza  struggled mightily from the field, missing all six of his field-goal attempts and finishing with a goose-egg in 21 minutes of action. 
 
 GOOD MOVE : After not playing Fredette in the first half, Kings coach  Keith Smart  turned to his second-year guard late and he responded with 12 big points off the bench.  
 
 BAD MOVE : Not using Fredette in the first half after he scored 16 points in 13 minutes in the Kings win on Monday night. 
 
 QUOTABLE II : "People forget this is only  Jimmer [Fredette's]  second year, so he's still learning how to play. He's still trying to find himself.  He's having a hard time because he is a good scorer for us, but at the same time, he has to come out there and run the point guard position.  He has to balance that out and he's still trying to find his way."   
 -- Cousins on Jimmer Fredette 
 
 NOTABLE : Beal set a new career-high with 26 points, including 6-for-7 shooting from 3-point range.  The Wizards had 32 total assists, but had their three-game win streak snapped.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Wizards, Friday @ Denver, Saturday @ Clippers, Monday @ Portland.  For the Kings, Friday @ Memphis, Saturday @ Charlotte, Monday @ New Orleans.  
