  Cavaliers-Grizzlies Notebook   By Marlon Morgan, for NBA.com Posted Friday February 4, 2011 11:50PM THE FACTS:  After allowing the hapless Cleveland Cavaliers to hold the lead through three quarters, the Memphis Grizzlies got their act together in the final period as three players scored in double figures in a 112-105 win. Cleveland's loss extended their losing streak to 23 games, tying them with the 1995-96 expansion Vancouver Grizzlies and the 1997-98 Denver Nuggets for the longest single-season losing streak in NBA history. The Grizzlies have won a season-high five straight, and have catapulted over Portland for the eighth spot in the Western Conference. QUOTABLE:  "We're not there yet. There's still a lot of basketball to be played. We've still got to prove ourselves. We've got to go back tomorrow (at Houston) and prove ourselves or there's a possibility we'll drop down again. We're going to try to stay humble and let everybody know we're serious."   - Grizzlies guard  Sam Young . THE STAT:  The Grizzlies overcame a 12-point first half deficit to pull out the win, matching their biggest home comeback of the season. They also bounced back from 12-point down against Toronto (Dec. 27) and Houston (Jan. 21). TURNING POINT:  Trailing 84-83 heading into the fourth quarter, the Grizzlies 13-0 run to start the final stanza and finally distance themselves from a shorthanded, scrappy Cavs squad desperate to halt their losing ways. HOT:  Cleveland center  J.J. Hickson  was nearly unstoppable as he tied his career high with 31 points, 2-0 above his season average, to go along with 15 rebounds. Six of his boards came on the offensive glass. Not to be outdone was Grizzlies forward  Zach Randolph,  who before the game was named January's Western Conference Player of the Month. Randolph was 12 of 19 from the floor, finishing with 29 points and 13 boards. NOT:  Although he managed to score 19 points, Cleveland forward  Antawn Jamison  missed 15 of his 22 shots from the floor, including seven of his eight 3-point attempts. QUOTABLE II:  "As I told them tonight, to get where we want to go is going to take a lot more than they think we have to give. They haven't given anything yet. They've given a lot, but there is a lot more sacrifice that has to be made. There is a lot more unselfishness that has to be done. It goes to a level that draws a bond that when you achieve your goals, it lasts forever. That's what we're trying to get to."   - Grizzlies coach  Lionel Hollins . NOTABLE:  Grizzlies coach Lionel Hollins and Cleveland coach  Byron Scott  were both a part of the Vancouver team that lost 23 straight games. Hollins was an assistant coach, while Scott was a reserve guard. ... In posting his second double-double of the season, Grizzlies forward  Rudy Gay  hauled in a season-high 11 rebounds to go with 26 points. ... Gay and Randolph each scored 20 or more points together for the 39th time, setting a setting a franchise record as the most prolific duo on team history, surpassing  Shareef Abdur-Rahim  and  Bryant Reeves . ... Since Sam Young joined the starting lineup, the Grizzlies have gone 11-3. Young, a forgotten player earlier this season, is taking advantage. He tied his season high of 19 points against the Cavs, his fifth straight game in double figures. UP NEXT:  For the Cavaliers, Saturday vs. Portland, Monday at Dallas, Wednesday vs. Detroit. For the Grizzlies, Saturday at Houston, Monday vs. the L.A. Lakers, Tuesday at Oklahoma City.  