  Cavaliers-Spurs notebook   By Tim Price, for NBA.com Posted Saturday November 20, 2010 11:55PM THE FACTS:   Tony Parker  led the Spurs with 19 points, the fifth-straight game he's led in scoring, and rookie  Tiago Splitter  contributed 18 points in relief of  Tim Duncan  as San Antonio (11-1) extended its franchise-best start to a season with a 116-92 victory over the Cleveland Cavaliers on Saturday at AT&T Center. While the Cavaliers (5-7) have lost four of their last five, the Spurs have won 10-straight and have the best record in the NBA. QUOTABLE:  "Tony has been doing a good job of running the show. He's finding different people, and I'm sure it's fun for him to find Tiago (Splitter) rolling to the basket the way he does." --  Spurs coach  Gregg Popovich THE STAT:  The Cavaliers missed four-straight free throws -- five out of six overall during a two-minute stretch of the second quarter -- that allowed the Spurs to go on a 21-9 run to open the second quarter. San Antonio led by 11 with seven minutes before halftime, and the closest the Cavs could get after that was four. TURNING POINT:  With Duncan getting the start in the second night of a tough back-to-back upon returning from Utah, he came out early in favor of Splitter. Entering less than four minutes into the game, Splitter quickly blocked a shot and finished the first quarter by hitting 2-of-3 shots and also adding a steal and pair of rebounds. His energy kept the game close and set up the Spurs for their decisive run in the second quarter. QUOTABLE II:  "I knew (Splitter) was a good basketball player, but I didn't expect him to come in and play the way he played." --  Cavaliers coach  Byron Scott HOT:   Manu Ginobili  in the second quarter. Ginobili finished with 13 points on 4-of-7 shooting, and almost all of that came in the first 8 1/2 minutes of the decisive second quarter. He hit 4-of-5 shots, including a pair of 3-pointers, and added 3-of-4 free throws in the quarter. He finished his time on the floor +23 for the night. NOT:  The Cavaliers shot 50 percent in the fourth quarter, but they were outshot 21-14 and went through a stretch of three minutes where they failed to score and watched an eight-point deficit grow to 25 with 5 1/2 minutes to go. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  In the five-straight games Parker has led the Spurs he's averaged 22.4 points, even though his 19 points against Cleveland was his lowest point total during that stretch. He's also averaged 6.6 assists and has shot 66 percent. GOOD MOVE:  Duncan played only 17 minutes, but he used them wisely and let Splitter take most of the workload. He had five assists and took the rest of the night off when he came to the bench with six minutes left in the third quarter. He has  Dwight Howard  to face when the Orlando Magic come to town Monday. BAD MOVE:   Ryan Hollins , though he's an 80-percent free-throw shooter this season, missed 3-of-4 foul shots during the decisive Spurs run in the second quarter. ROOKIE WATCH:  Splitter, the Brazilian who's played the past two seasons in Spain, was 7-of-10 and had three rebounds and a pair of blocked shots in 26 minutes. His most extensive playing time previously had been 19 minutes, and he did not play (coached decision) the past two games. NOTABLE:  The Cavaliers were assessed a flagrant 2 foul for the second night in a row when Hollins' arm hit Splitter in the face as Splitter was going in for a basket in the fourth quarter.  Joey Graham  got the flagrant 2 the night before in New Orleans. Hollins also picked up a flagrant 1 at New Orleans. All three flagrants came in the fourth quarter. UP NEXT:  For the Cavaliers, Tuesday @ Indiana, Wednesday vs. Milwaukee, Friday @ Orlando. For the Spurs, Monday vs. Orlando, Wednesday @ Minnesota, Friday vs. Dallas.  