  Notebook: Spurs 114, Nuggets 99 Posted Friday February 24, 2012 12:26AM By Michael Kelly, for NBA.com THE FACTS: DeJuan Blair  tied a career high with 28 points and added 12 rebounds,  Tim Duncan  had 18 points and nine rebounds and the San Antonio Spurs raced out to a big lead early and held on to beat the Denver Nuggets 114-99 on Thursday night. Richard Jefferson  had 17 points and eight rebounds and  Tony Parker  had 16 points and 12 assists for the Spurs, who have won 12 of 13 and went 8-1 on their nine-game, 17-day road trip. Corey Brewer  had 23 points,  Andre Miller  had 19 and  Arron Afflalo  scored 19 for the injury-depleted Nuggets, who have lost 12 of their last 16. QUOTABLE:  "Considering what they had to go through, not just with injuries but the schedule they just had, having to play tonight, it wasn't a fair fight."    -- Spurs coach  Gregg Popovich , on the Nuggets. THE STAT:  San Antonio came out firing from 3-point range and it punished the Nuggets in the first half behind the arc. The Spurs hit 9 of 18 from there in the first 24 minutes while the Nuggets were 2-for-9. TURNING POINT:  The Spurs took advantage of Denver's lack of energy in the first quarter. Leading 7-6, San Antonio went on a 19-1 run to put this one on ice early. The lead grew to as much as 28 in the first half and the Nuggets had no answer for anything the Spurs did. Later, after the Nuggets cut the Spurs' lead to 12 midway through the fourth quarter, the Nuggets had a chance to get the lead under 10 but missed five straight shots and the lead grew to 17 again. QUOTABLE II:  "We didn't scare them. We almost scared them."    -- Nuggets coach  George Karl , on his team's comeback in the second half. HOT:  Blair was dominant all game. He hit 8 of 10 shots in the first half and finished the game 12-for-21 from the field. He did his damage inside, using his wide body to outmuscle the Nuggets underneath. His rebound and putback with 2:42 left in the third stopped a Denver 10-0 run that had cut the leads to 18 and gave the crowd some life. QUOTABLE III:  "It was great to have Tony and Tim back. We fed off of them -- or they fed off of me today."    -- Blair NOT:  The Nuggets have gone from the surprise team of the NBA at the beginning of February to an also-ran in the playoff race. Injuries have hurt them, but not taking care of the home court could come back to haunt them in April. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Parker continues to put together a career season. In his last four games he is averaging 25.8 points and 11.8 assists -- all Spurs wins. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Former Nuggets players  Fatty Taylor  and  Chuck Williams  -- players from the ABA days -- presented the game ball before tip. The Nuggets wore their throwback uniforms in honor of their ABA history. GOOD MOVE:  Popovich had his two stars, Duncan and Parker, on the bench for a long stretch of the first half while Blair and  Danny Green  did the heavy lifting on offense. They combined for 27 of the Spurs' 65 points at intermission. BAD MOVE:  Nuggets rookie  Jordan Hamilton  had a breakout game against the Clippers on Wednesday but couldn't duplicate it against San Antonio despite having wide-open looks. Even with his inaccuracy Hamilton kept shooting -- and missing. He finished 0-for-7 from the field. QUOTABLE IV:  "We need to get some guys out of the training room and back on the court so we can be the team we started off the season as."    -- Nuggets forward  Al Harrington. NOTABLE:  The Nuggets are 9-8 at home this season. Last year they lost eight home games total. ... Denver's 15 points in the first quarter and 39 points in the first half tied a season low in both categories. ... The Spurs had six players in double figures. UP NEXT:  For the Spurs, Wednesday vs. Chicago, Friday, March 2 vs. Charlotte, Sunday, March 4 vs. Denver. For the Nuggets, Wednesday vs. Portland, Friday, March 2 @ Houston, Sunday, March 4 @ San Antonio.  