  Mavericks-Spurs notebook   By Tim Price, for NBA.com Posted Saturday November 27, 2010 12:12AM THE FACTS:   Dirk Nowitzki  hit 12-for-14 shots for 26 points as the Dallas Mavericks snapped San Antonio's 12-game winning streak with a 103-94 victory over the Spurs on Friday at AT&T Center. The Spurs (13-2) had the longest win streak in the young season, and now the Mavs (11-4) are in pursuit of that mark after winning their fourth straight. QUOTABLE:  "Dallas did a great job tonight. As a group they executed better than we did. I think they were a bit hungry and a bit more competitive than we were tonight. It showed up in the fourth quarter."   -- Spurs coach  Gregg Popovich THE STAT:  Dallas' bench struggled for much of the night, but the Mavs reserves outscored San Antonio's 21-9 in the fourth quarter.  Jason Terry  and  Shawn Marion  led that charge, going a combined 8-for-10 in the quarter for 19 points plus four assists. TURNING POINT:  Trailing 89-88 entering the final 4 ½ minutes, the Spurs' offense bogged down when  Tony Parker  failed to get anything going on a critical possession. He had  Richard Jefferson  with some room in the corner behind the 3-point line, but with Jefferson 0-for-4 on the night, Parker kept the ball and dribbled to the basket in traffic. He tossed up an air ball that ended with a 24-second violation. It was the first of three missed shots and three turnovers over the next two minutes that would find the Mavs securing a 95-88 lead with two minutes to go. QUOTABLE II:  "There's nothing that's gotten us down so far this year. We're really together right now."   -- Mavericks coach  Rick Carlisle HOT:  It wasn't the 42-point performance from three nights ago against Detroit, but Nowitzki's 26 points all came from the floor -- he didn't attempt a free throw. He added eight rebounds and five assists and now is averaging 34 points the last three games. He's second in the league in scoring behind only  Kevin Durant . NOT:  Jefferson was shooting 57 percent from the floor until three games ago. Over the past three games he's shot 8-for-29 and 28 percent. He missed all four of his shots against the Mavs. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:   Manu Ginobili  scored a season-high 31 points. It's the third-straight game he's led the Spurs in scoring (27 points per game average in those games). He added four assists Friday. ROOKIE WATCH:   Gary Neal  scored five points just two nights removed from his three free throws that sent the Spurs into a victorious overtime period against Minnesota. But he had more turnovers (three) than he had made shots (two) against the Mavs. NOTABLE:  Dallas is shooting 78 percent from the free-throw line, but the Mavs struggled through a 20-for-31 effort from the stripe in San Antonio (the Spurs went 25-for-27).  Tyson Chandler  (19 points, eight rebounds) was 13-for-16 from the line while the rest of the Mavs went 7-for-15. UP NEXT:  For the Mavericks, Saturday vs. Miami, Monday vs. Houston, Wednesday vs.. Minnesota. For the Spurs, Sunday @ New Orleans, Tuesday @ Golden State, Wednesday @ Clippers.  