
 Rockets-Wolves notebook   By Jim Beilby, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday January 25, 2011 12:20AM THE FACTS:  The Houston Rockets looked like a team who had a big fourth-quarter lead against an inferior team and then mailed it in. And the Minnesota Timberwolves almost made them pay. Down 17 points with 4:15 to play, Minnesota closed the gap to three with a 20-6 run before running out of time and losing their ninth game in the last ten tries, 129-125. QUOTABLE:  "We got a big lead and then got casual with the ball. Instead of making them defend, we threw it away two or three times. Then the threes they hit -- I don't know what you do against a team that just comes down and fires.... The Wolves were doing whatever they wanted. We scored enough, but we didn't do anything on the defensive end."   -- Rockets'coach  Rick Adelman THE STAT:   Kevin Martin  has scored at least 20 points in seven of his last nine games. He only needed a little over two quarters to eclipse that mark tonight. He had 19 points at the half and finished with 34 points. TURNING POINT:  Feeding off an even more lackluster effort than usual by Minnesota, Houston took control of the game in the third quarter with a 25-7 run. Martin scored 12 points in the quarter and Minnesota's frontcourt was held to four points. QUOTABLE II:  "We made it interesting. That''s what we do as team. There is no easy win for us ever but we stayed with it, fought through our rough stretches and came out with a win."   -- Rockets guard Kevin Martin NOTABLE:  With his 24 points and 17 rebounds (and seven assists thrown in for good measure),  Kevin Love  recorded his 30th straight double-double, the longest such streak since  Kevin Garnett  tallied 37 straight double-doubles in 2006. Love's nine offensive rebounds matched that of the entire Rockets team. UP NEXT:  For the Wolves, Wednesday vs. Oklahoma City, Friday @ Utah, Saturday vs. Toronto. For the Rockets, Wednesday vs. Clippers, Thursday @ Dallas, Saturday @ San Antonio. 
