  Hawks-Heat notebook   By Shandel Richardson, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday January 18, 2011 11:26PM THE FACTS:  The Atlanta Hawks defeated the Miami Heat 93-89 in overtime Tuesday at AmericanAirlines Arena.  Joe Johnson  and  Jamal Crawford  each scored 19 points to lead the Hawks. Atlanta had five players in double figures, including  Josh Smith  and  Mike Bibby  who each finished with 15 points.  LeBron James  led Miami with 34 points while guard  Dwyane Wade  added 27 points and six rebounds. It was the Heat's fourth straight loss. QUOTABLE:  "We showed a lot of heart and toughness to stick in there, and keep on grinding away. We had a horrible start to the game offensively."   -- Heat coach  Erik Spoelstra . THE STAT:  The Hawks scored 25 points off 16 Heat turnovers. That was especially beneficial tonight because of the low scoring. TURNING POINT:  With the Heat trailing by two late in overtime, James was fouled when driving to the basket. He argued with officials that he was shooting, but they ruled the foul was on the ground. Instead of attempting free throws, the Heat missed their next shot and allowed the Hawks to remain in control. QUOTABLE II:  "We don't have any quit in us. I was a little bit concerned coming in on a back-to-back, but we've done a good job on our back-to-backs, coming into this building and playing against a good Miami Heat ball club. I thought our guys just sucked it up."    -- Hawks coach  Larry Drew .  HOT:  In a game where few players shot well, the Hawks' Crawford was effective, especially in the fourth quarter and overtime. He shot 8-for-15 from the field, making 2-for-6 3-pointers. NOT:  Wade and James combined to shoot just 19-for-50. Both showed the rust after being held out of recent practices. It was James' first action since sitting the past two games with a sprained ankle. Wade was bothered by knee soreness all week. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Despite the poor shooting, James still had 10 rebounds and seven assists. His field goal percentage, however, will limit the fantasy production. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Rappers  Birdman  and  Lil' Wayne  and actress  Gabrielle Union . GOOD MOVE:  The Hawks turned the Heat into a one-dimensional team, forcing them to rely on James and Wade. As a result, it produced several bad shots. The Hawks' strong defense kept Wade from attempting a shot in overtime. BAD MOVE:  The Heat returned to that team we saw early in the season. They looked out of sync and lacked rhythm. At times, James and Wade looked like it was their first time playing together as teammates. The Heat have to consider that unacceptable considering this is the 43rd game of the season. NOTABLE:  Heat forward  Chris Bosh  missed his first game of the season due to a sprained left ankle. Spoelstra said there is no timetable on when Bosh will return. With the Heat playing Toronto Saturday, it's likely Bosh doesn't play until Jan. 27 against the New York Knicks. Hawks forward  Al Horford  missed the second half with a sprained ankle. UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Saturday vs. Toronto, Jan. 27 @ New York, Jan. 28 vs. Detroit. For the Hawks, Friday vs. New Orleans, Saturday @ Charlotte, Jan. 26 @ Milwaukee.  