  Thunder-Grizzlies notebook   By Marlon W. Morgan, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday January 4, 2011 11:53PM THE FACTS:  In the midst of a close game, Memphis got scoring from the unlikeliest of places down the stretch. Guard  Tony Allen , who had made just one 3-pointer this season and was a 67 percent free throw shooter, drilled a pair of fourth quarter 3s and nailed two clutch free throws with 15 seconds left to give the Grizzlies a 110-105 victory over Oklahoma City at FedExForum. QUOTABLE:  "I've got to start dunking. I've just got to start dunking. Ain't no excuses over here. I'm going to start finishing.''    -- Grizzlies guard Tony Allen after scoring a season-high 19 points, but still missed several layups, including one in which he was wide open on a breakaway after one of his three steals. THE STAT:  Offensively, both teams were able to do what they do best. For the Grizzlies, it was a matter of pounding the ball inside where they managed to get 31 points and 16 rebounds from forward  Zach Randolph  and 10 points and 10 boards from center  Marc Gasol  as the team shot 51.2 percent from the floor. The Thunder, on the other hand, used their outside game and quickness at slashing to the basket and  Kevin Durant  and  Russell Westbrook  each scored 28 as the Thunder shot 51.3 percent. TURNING POINT:  After Allen's free throws put the Grizzlies up 108-105 with 15 seconds remaining, the Thunder called a timeout. Coming out of the timeout, the ball was inbounded to Durant, who rushed up an ill-advised, long 3-point attempt with 11 seconds left that wasn't close to going in. Randolph rebounded, was fouled, and made a pair of free throws to seal the win. QUOTABLE II:  "We had the game. We played hard all the way through. I made some bad mistakes in the fourth quarter. It's going to be hard for me to sleep tonight. It's all a learning process for me.''    -- Thunder forward Kevin Durant HOT:  In addition to Durant and Westbrook's scoring, Oklahoma City got a boost from its bench, which combined for 33 points on 13-for-18 shooting from the floor.  James Harden  led the way with 17 points, making six of his seven shots. NOT:  Conversely, the Grizzlies' bench, which was shorthanded with  O.J. Mayo  out with bronchitis, scored just 14 points and made only five of 14 shots from the floor. Forward  Darrell Arthur  scored nine of those 14 points. NOTABLE:  For Mayo, it was the first game he has missed after playing in 198 consecutive games to start his NBA career. ... Prior to Tuesday night's loss, Oklahoma City had won 10 consecutive games in which it was coming off a loss. The last time it lost back-to-back games was Oct. 31-Nov.3. ... Randolph had his 17th career 30-15 game, including his third this season. Over the last two seasons, no player has more 30-15 games than Randolph's 10. ... Durant's 28 points snapped a four-game streak of 30-plus games against the Grizzlies. UP NEXT:  For the Thunder: Thursday @ Dallas, Saturday vs. Memphis, Jan. 12 @ Houston. For the Grizzlies, Friday vs. Utah, Saturday @ Oklahoma City, Monday @ Charlotte.  