  Magic-Wizards notebook   By Rich Dubroff, for NBA.com Posted Saturday November 27, 2010 11:51PM THE FACTS:   Dwight Howard 's put back of  Jameer Nelson 's miss with four seconds left gave the Orlando Magic a 100-99 win over the Washington Wizards on Saturday night. Howard had a season high 32 points. The Magic improved to 12-4.  Gilbert Arenas  had a season-high 31 points despite missing 14 of his 23 field goals and five of his six 3-pointers.  Nick Young  had a season-high 21 points. Washington dropped to 5-10. QUOTABLE:  "There was never a doubt in that one, guys. We played that one exactly the way we wanted. Never a doubt. You'll hear coaches say that, but it couldn't be more true tonight. We absolutely stole a game."    --Magic coach  Stan Van Gundy THE STAT:  47-38. Washington dominated the boards, but Orlando was still able to prevail. TURNING POINT:  The lead changed on the last five scores, and it wasn't until Arenas missed a jumper as the horn sounded that the game was decided. The Magic led by 12 at halftime, and Arenas and Young combined for 41 of Washington's 56 points in the second half. QUOTABLE II:  "I think we won the game. That's all that matters -- no matter how ugly or pretty it was. We won the game. I don't think you can steal wins. You just play to the end."   -- Dwight Howard on Stan Van Gundy's comments HOT:  Young had 14 points in 3:33 early in the fourth quarter that propelled Washington to an 87-82 lead with 7:40 to play. In his last four games, Young has 18, 19, 20 and 21. Will he score 22 In Miami on Monday?  NOT:  Starting in place of the injured Carter,  J.J. Redick  shot just three times in 25 minutes, scoring eight points. In the first two games Carter was injured, Redick had 20 and 15. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  The Magic's  Quentin Richardson , who entered Saturday's game averaging 6.7 points, had 20 -- a season high. With Carter sitting, Richardson is shooting more. He had 14 in Friday night's win. GOOD MOVE:  Washington coach  Flip Saunders  inserted Young with 8:16 to play in the third quarter and watched him score 19 of his 21 points, nearly getting the win. BAD MOVE:  Wizards center  JaVale McGee , who had 10 or more rebounds in the previous five games, committed two fouls trying to guard Howard in the first seven minutes. Howard had 10 points in the first quarter. ROOKIE WATCH:  In his fourth game, Washington rookie forward  Kevin Seraphin  had four points in just under 10 minutes. IN THE ARENA:   Alex Ovechkin , the star Washington Capitals wing, was seated at courtside and got a loud ovation when he was shown on the scoreboard. NOTABLE:  The Wizards have won five games, but not against a team with a winning record. They've beaten Philadelphia twice, Houston, Toronto and Memphis. Those teams have a combined 21-43 record. UP NEXT:  Magic: Tuesday vs. Pistons, Wednesday @ Bulls, Friday @Pistons, Wizards: Monday@ Heat, Wednesday @ Toronto, Friday vs. Trail Blazers  