  Clippers-Lakers notebook   By Bryan Chu, for NBA.com Posted Saturday March 26, 2011 2:46AM THE FACTS:  Tempers flared up once again between the in-house rival Lakers and Clippers. In a game that the Lakers pulled out a 112-104 decision Friday at Staples Center, Clippers center  Chris Kaman  was ejected in the last minute of the game following a rough screen on Lakers guard  Derek Fisher , whose left arm struck Kaman's head in the process. Kaman and Fisher were initially given double technicals, but then Kaman had a few choice words to Fisher. Kaman ended up getting a second technical and was ejected from the game. After the game, Kaman was not available for comment. There has been no lost love between these two teams. In the second meeting on Jan. 16,  Lamar Odom  twisted  Blake Griffin 's arm in the final 5.7 seconds of the game. Other players were involved and eventually four players were ejected. With the victory over the Clippers, the Lakers (52-20) took the season series 3-1 and now have won 14 of their last 15 games. Interestingly enough, the Spurs lost to the Blazers on a last-second alley-oop bucket from the Blazers'  Nicolas Batum . The Spurs, who have the best record in the league at 57-15 and have lost two straight, have five fewer losses than the Lakers with 10 games remaining. The two meet in Los Angeles on April 12. Kobe Bryant  scored 12 of his game-high 37 points in the forth quarter. He was 14-for-17 from the free-throw line.  Pau Gasol  added 26 points on 10-for-15 shooting. For the Clippers (28-45),  Mo Williams  dropped a season-high 30 points. Griffin chipped in with 22 points and  Randy Foye  added 12 off the bench. Coming into the game, the Lakers and Clippers logged a combined five overtimes in their previous game. The Lakers led by as many as 16 in the contest, but the Clippers climbed back in the game. They got to within four points in the final minute of the game, but the Lakers had key stops, and the Clippers lost their composure. QUOTABLE:  "We got tangled up and [Kaman] hit me with a pretty good screen. I was just trying to get around it, and I guess he thought I was trying to hit him...I don't care if it's Chris Kaman or any other big guy, you can't come and set moving screens the whole game and not expect to be times when you get tangled up...this is a competition, as much as you're trying to tear my head off, I'm trying to tear your head off."   -- Derek Fisher on his exchange with Kaman in the final minute of the game. QUOTABLE II:  "I just looked at [the play]. I thought Derek came up high on [Kaman's] head and I thought it was a pretty bad play on his part. Chris could have gotten hurt. There's no reason for that. Chris was just setting a good screen, it was a legal screen, and Fisher came up high with the elbow. The NBA will look at it and they'll make those decisions."   -- Clippers coach  Vinny Del Negro  on the play that got Kaman ejected. QUOTABLE III:  "What's he going to do, shoot him with one of his bow and arrows? Give me a break."   -- Kobe Bryant on Kaman saying afterward that he wanted to meet up with Fisher after the game. THE STAT:  5: The number of ejections when the Lakers and Clippers faced this season. In the second meeting, Odom, Griffin,  Ron Artest  and  Baron Davis  were ejected for a last-minute scuffle. TURNING POINT:  In the final minute, Artest, who logged 15 points, three steals and three blocks, stripped Griffin on a breakaway attempt. At that point, the Lakers had a 108-104 lead. On the ensuing possession, Fisher was fouled and missed his second attempt. Bynum tapped in the ball, but it appeared as if the ball was still over the cylinder. That basket gave the Lakers a 110-104 lead. HOT:  Williams sank 9-for-11 from the field at one point in the game. In the third period, he dropped 14 points on 5-for-7 shooting. Williams set a season-high 30 points on 11-for-16 shooting and also dished out six assists. NOT:  This was one of the worst games for Clippers guard  Eric Gordon . Gordon, who missed his first 11 shots, didn't get in the scoring column until he sank an 18-footer from the right wing at the 5:37 mark of the fourth quarter. He finished with seven points on 3-for-14 shooting. Gordon also had a 3-for-14 effort against Atlanta on Jan. 2. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  In his first game back after serving a two-game suspension for a midair hit on Minnesota's  Michael Beasley , Lakers center  Andrew Bynum  played 32 minutes and recorded a double-double (11 points, 12 rebounds) and three blocked shots. ROOKIE WATCH:  After notching his first career triple-double in his last game versus the Wizards, Griffin had 22 points, six rebounds and four assists against the Lakers. He had only two points in the fourth quarter, making his lone shot attempt. NOTABLE:  Gasol donated $26,000 to the Japan Relief and Recovery Fund run by Direct Relief International after scoring 26 points against the Clippers. He along with several other NBA players, including All-Stars  Derrick Rose ,  Al Horford  and  Russell Westbrook , donated $1,000 for every point they scored to help the relief efforts in Japan. You can also donate $10 to the fund by texting "Give10" to 20222. "We're just creating awareness of how many people are suffering," Gasol said. "Obviously, the natural disaster that [Japan] suffered is really rough. So I think that all the support that we can create and all the more that we can contribute, the better. This was a good way for me to be involved." ... In the second quarter, Lakers forward  Matt Barnes  was trying to tap a defensive rebound to himself off a Gordon missed, but instead Barnes tipped the ball into the Clippers' basket. ... Artest missed two relatively wide-open dunks in the first two minutes of the third quarter. ... Both teams shot 50 percent from the field. UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Sunday vs. New Orleans, Thursday vs. Dallas, Friday @Utah. For the Clippers, Saturday vs. Toronto, Wednesday vs. Dallas, Friday @ Phoenix.  