  Notebook: Magic 92, Lakers 80   By Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com Posted Saturday January 21, 2012 12:37AM THE FACTS: Dwight Howard  had 21 points and 23 rebounds, and the Orlando Magic led comfortably throughout most of a 92-80 victory against the Los Angeles Lakers. Jameer Nelson  shook off a slump to contribute 17 points and nine assists to the Magic's fifth win in six games. Kobe Bryant  scored 30 points for the Lakers, who shot 29 percent in the first half while falling behind by as many as 23 points. QUOTABLE:  "It's not about putting up big numbers. The stat sheet doesn't tell what happened during the game. The objective for me is to dominate on both ends of the floor. It's not just about scoring, but getting my teammates involved, crashing the boards and making the defense work."   -- Magic center Dwight Howard THE STAT:  The Lakers actually raised their NBA-low 3-point shooting percentage to .259 with a 6-of-20 performance while the Magic shot a healthy .444 (12-for-27) from behind the arc. QUOTABLE II:  "We are struggling offensively, no question about it. We got a lot of good looks . . . a lot of them. We just have to keep hitting the open man and those shots will fall."   -- Lakers guard  Kobe Bryant . TURNING POINT:  After a sluggish first half, the Lakers found themselves down by only 11 points after  Andrew Bynum  and  Pau Gasol  produced the first three baskets of the second half.  Ryan Anderson  nailed a 3-pointer to turn things back in Orlando's direction. QUOTABLE III:  "Every time it was sort of getting away when they were making a run, it seemed like then we'd make a three.  J.J. (Redick)  hit one, Ryan (Anderson) hit one in the corner and we always kept them at double figures or more."   -- Magic coach  Stan Van Gundy . HOT:  Howard has had three 20-point, 20-rebound games among his last five games while averaging 19.6 rebounds. NOT:  The Lakers made eight of their first 35 shots, including only one 3-pointer. GOOD MOVE: Jason Richardson , held out of three preceding games by a left knee bruise, returned to start at small forward against the Lakers and played strong defense on Bryant in the first half. Richardson thanked the trainers for keeping him out of Wednesday night's game. BAD MOVE:  The Lakers had trimmed the Magic's lead to eight with 6:03 left when Bryant knocked a ball out of bounds and drew a technical foul for complaining that the Lakers were not awarded possession. After Nelson made the foul shot, Richardson drove around Bryant for a dunk, moving Orlando's lead back into double figures permanently. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Howard has played 165 minutes in four games over five days. ROOKIE WATCH: Darius Morris  scored the first five points of the final quarter for the Lakers. He was the only Laker non-starter with more than one field goal. NOTABLE:  Although they are 14-32 all-time against the Lakers, the Magic have won five of the last seven meetings, not including the Lakers' 4-1 triumph in the 2009 NBA Finals ... The Lakers have lost three of four while averaging only 83.5 points ... Howard has 37 career 20/20 games, five this season. UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Sunday vs. Indiana, Wednesday vs. L.A. Clippers, Saturday (Jan. 28) @ Milwaukee. For the Magic, Monday @ Boston, Tuesday @ Indiana, Thursday vs. Boston.  