Notebook: Knicks 100, Bobcats 98 
 
 
 Bill Kiser, For NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Dec 05, 2012 11:03 PM - Updated Wed Dec 05, 2012 11:03 PM 
 
 THE FACTS :  J.R. Smith  hit a fadeaway jumper under pressure at the buzzer, capping a late fourth-quarter rally and give the New York Knicks a 100-98 victory over the Charlotte Bobcats on Wednesday night. 
 Smith, who finished with 13 points, hit the 18-footer over rookie  Michael Kidd-Gilchrist  as the Knicks (13-4) overcame an eight-point deficit in the final six minutes to win their fourth straight game. 
 
 Kemba Walker  had 25 points and 11 assists for the Bobcats (7-10), who led 93-85 with 6:12 remaining. However, the Knicks held Charlotte to just five points the rest of the way en route to the fifth consecutive loss for the Bobcats. 
 
 QUOTABLE : "It was unbelievable. It's the first game winner I've ever hit. I knew what move I wanted to go to -- my step-back. Fortunately, [Kidd-Gilchrist] fell for it and I got it off. He did a great job, because I had to shoot it over his head."  
 -- J.R. Smith 
 
 THE STAT : The Bobcats had 14 turnovers, with five of those coming on their final six possessions of the fourth quarter. The Knicks forced a pair of steals, got a 24-second shot clock violation, a 5-second inbounds call and a traveling call on  Ben Gordon  with 39 seconds left and the score tied 98-98. 
 
 TURNING POINT : Those final six minutes. With the turnovers limiting the Bobcats' possessions, Charlotte was just 2-for-8 from the field, while the Knicks went 7-for-3 -- a 15-5 swing, capped by Smith's game winner. 
 
 QUOTABLE II : "The huddle was very calm. They were like, 'Hey, we can win this.' We missed a lot of good shots tonight, shots that we normally make. But J.R. hung in there and made the shot when it counted."  
 -- Knicks coach  Mike Woodson 
 
 
 HOT :  Carmelo Anthony  in the first half. The Knicks' All-Star scored 20 points over the first two quarters on 7-for-11 shooting (including 3-for-3 on 3-pointers). 
 
 NOT : 'Melo in the second half -- he missed 11 consecutive shots, including four 3-pointers, before hitting a jumper with 2:35 left in the fourth quarter that pulled the Knicks within 98-96. Anthony finished with 23 points. 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT : Anthony left the game with 2:10 remaining in the fourth quarter after suffering a cut on his left middle finger while diving for a loose ball. He required five stitches. 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA : As part of the promotion around the Bobcats' Wednesday night home game series, team officials brought out famed boxing announcer Michael Buffer to announce the starting lineups. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH : Kidd-Gilchrist, who was named the Eastern Conference's rookie of the month before the start of Wednesday's game, finished with 12 points. But he also had four turnovers, including Smith's steal with less than 10 seconds remaining that set up the Knicks' game winning shot. 
 
 QUOTABLE III : "We're playing everyone tough. We're just not getting the results right now, but there's no reason to be down about this thing. It doesn't feel good, but we believe that we'll just be pushing forward and we'll be able to perform in more of the situations that we get with these young guys." 
 -- Bobcats coach  Mike Dunlap 
 
 
 NOTABLE : Just from looking at the stat sheet, the Bobcats came out on top of the Knicks in nearly every category -- field goal percentage (47.0 percent, to 42.4), 3-point percentage (43.8 to 31.7), free throw percentage (86.7 to 69.2), rebounds (50-36), even points scored in the paint (52 -40). 
 
 NOTABLE II : Again, turnovers -- the Bobcats' 14 turnovers led to 23 points for the Knicks. Charlotte forced New York into eight turnovers, but none in the fourth quarter, and only managed to turn those into four points.  
 
 UP NEXT : For the Knicks, Thursday @ Miami, Sunday @ Chicago, Monday vs. Denver. For the Bobcats, Friday @ Milwaukee, Saturday vs. San Antonio, Tuesday vs. Golden State. 
