  Hornets-Suns notebook   By Jerry Brown, for NBA.com Posted Saturday March 26, 2011 2:08AM THE FACTS:  Playing on back-to-back nights and after losing star forward  David West  for the season with a knee injury, the Hornets used 19 points from replacement  Carl Landry  and 23 points and seven assists from  Chris Paul  to stem Phoenix's last-gasp attempt at a playoff spot with a 33-point fourth quarter. "I think a lot of guys stepped up," said Paul, who followed a bank shot with a 22-footer to put his team ahead 102-98 with 54 seconds left. "When you lose someone like D. West you can't just throw one person in there; it has to be by committee. I think we showed a lot of resilience, a lot of fight to win a game like this on the road." The Suns played without  Mickael Pietrus , lost guard  Vince Carter  to the stomach flu at halftime and center  Marcin Gortat  to a broken nose in a freak, after-the-play, and collision with teammate  Steve Nash.  The Suns led 78-73 after three quarters and appeared poised to gain a game on both Memphis and New Orleans in the playoff race, but folded down the stretch and are now three games behind the eighth-place Grizzlies with 11 to play. Steve Nash  made only one of nine field goals and managed three points with five turnovers. "We just fell short," Phoenix coach  Alvin Gentry  said. "Chris Paul made a couple of really big plays for them and we just couldn't get over the hump." SAME STUFF, DIFFERENT PLACE:  If anyone knows about overcoming injuries, it's an ex-Rocket like Landry, who has plenty of experience from his day in Houston. "I've been in situations like this in Houston many times," said Landry, who hit eight of 16 shots and added six rebounds and three steals in 30 minutes. "We lost  Tracy McGrady , we lost  Yao Ming  ... Guys just stepped up and we took the Lakers to seven games. We have people on this team who can step up. Now is the time. QUOTABLE:  "It's a stab close to the heart. It's not over, but it hurts. Especially at home against a team we're trying to chase. ... We have all the excuses in the world but in the end we had a chance to win and didn't knock down shots and didn't get the key stops."   -- Suns guard  Jared Dudley , asked whether this game was "the dagger" for Phoenix's playoff hopes. THE STAT:  Suns center  Robin Lopez  might have had the worst stat line of the season. Playing just four minutes, Lopez had no points, four fouls and a technical foul while complaining about an over-the-back call. Even after the Suns lost Gortat to his injury, the Suns stayed with a small lineup to match the Hornets. TURNING POINT:  The Suns led 73-68 with four minutes left in the third period when  Trevor Ariza  hit a 3-pointer to cut the Phoenix lead to two. As Gortat turned to run downcourt, he collided with the back of Nash's head and went down to the court with blood gushing from his nose. "I feel very woozy. It's the first time I've actually had a broken nose," Gortat said after the game, looking very unsteady on his feet and holding an ice bag to his face. I have no idea (if he can play Sunday against Dallas). I don't know what the doctor is going to tell me." STAT II:  The NBA's top scoring bench produced a season-high 65 points for the Suns, even without Gortat for the final 16 minutes. But the starters scored just 35 points -- with Nash, Carter and Lopez combining for just three. NOTABLE:  Gortat had a double-double with 18 points and 10 rebounds in 27 minutes before leaving with the injury. He now has 17 straight games scoring in double digits and has 17 double-doubles off the bench, tops in the NBA. QUOTABLE II:  "I know they were kind of excited. They got on the Jumbotron and the mike and they said 'We've got a chance to move up because Memphis lost tonight!' That fueled our fire. That got us going, it got coach going too."   -- Landry, about the react of the Hornets to Phoenix's in-game announcer  Cedric Ceballos ' comments during the third quarter break. NOTABLE II:  The Hornets had lost three straight in Phoenix and hadn't won at US Airways Center since Oct. 30, 2008. But the win put them four games ahead of the Suns in the loss column. UP NEXT:  For the Hornets, Sunday @ Los Angeles Lakers, Wednesday vs. the Trail Blazers and Friday vs. the Grizzlies. For the Suns, Sunday vs. the Mavericks, Tuesday @ Sacramento and Wednesday vs. the Thunder.  