Notebook: Suns 107, Clippers 88 
 
 
 Dan Arritt, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Dec 31, 2013 1:52 AM - Updated Tue Dec 31, 2013 1:52 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Suns handed the Clippers their biggest deficit of the season (29) en route to delivering their largest margin of defeat. 
 
 THE LEAD:  The runaway train that's become known as the Suns made their second stop in Los Angeles this month, only this time the opponent was the streaking Clippers (21-12) and not the other NBA tenant that shares Staples Center. It didn't seem to matter to Phoenix, which continued the most surprising start in the NBA this season by winning, 107-88, on Monday night, moving the Suns (19-11) within percentage points of the Clippers and Rockets for fourth place in the Western Conference. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "It's not the worst loss; Portland and Golden State were the worst losses. This is the worst we've played." --  Clippers coach  Doc Rivers 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Suns posted 10 wins in December for first time since 2007. 
 
 TURNING POINT:   Things looked bad for the Clippers right from the start as the Suns scored the game's first nine points. The Clippers bounced back to take a one-point lead later in the opening quarter, but that lasted all of 11 seconds before Phoenix stole it back for good. The crippling stretch came in the final five minutes of the first half, when  Gerald Green  made three of his five 3-pointers as the Suns closed on a 19-6 run to go up by 21. L.A. showed some life by scoring the first five points of the second half, but Phoenix came back with a 9-0 run to put them down by 25, their biggest deficit of the season through that point of the game. 
 
 HOT:   Suns point guard  Goran Dragic  has come up a point short of matching his career high of 32 points three times this season, and it appeared he might be in line to finally smash through that mark after scoring 20 points in the first half and 26 through three quarters, but the lead grew so wide that he wasn't needed in the final 12 minutes. The Suns came in as one of the top 3-point shooting teams in the league and shot 12-for-31 from beyond the arc, with Green scoring 21 points on 5-for-10 from long range and  Channing Frye  contributed 12 points on 4-for-7 from deep. 
 
 NOT:   Take your pick. Not only did the Clippers shoot 36.5 percent from the floor, but the only L.A. player who made more than half his shots was  Jared Dudley  and he finished 3-for-5. Throw in 20 turnovers and  Chris Paul  called it the ugliest game since he was traded the Clippers at the start of last season.  Jamal Crawford  continues to see his shot slip away after moving into the starting lineup earlier this month. He shot 4-for-13 from the field with 15 points and is converting just 35.2 percent of his attempts in the last four games.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "This was just an old-fashioned butt whoopin' and they did it from beginning to end." --  Paul 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  The Suns were at their best in the final five minutes of each of the first three quarters, stamping out any possible momentum by the Clippers. After briefly exhaling after taking a 9-0 lead to open the game, the Suns closed the first quarter with 17-10 burst. They finished off the first half with the 19-6 run and then closed the third by scoring 12 of the final 18 points. That left Dudley as the only L.A. starter to play the fourth. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  As the Suns were stringing together their run to close the first half, Clippers center  DeAndre Jordan  ended up with the ball in his hands after Phoenix center  Miles Plumlee  blocked  Blake Griffin  in close. Jordan was close enough to throw down a dunk but instead opted to try a finger-roll, which came up woefully short. Plumlee grabbed the rebound and then scored on the other end, extending the lead to 15. On the next trip down the floor, Dragic left Crawford standing still as he drove past him for a layup. Griffin then committed the 10th turnover of the half for L.A. and Green drained a 3, putting the Clippers behind by 20 points for the first time on their home floor this season. 
 
 NOTABLE:  The Suns blocked seven shots in the first half before finishing with nine. ... The Clippers opened and closed the month of December by losing three of four. ...Jordan finished with two points and 19 rebounds, the 10th time this season he has posted at least 16 rebounds after hitting that mark just seven times in his first five NBA seasons. ... Griffin finished with 15 points and five rebounds, ending a streak of six consecutive double-doubles. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Wednesday vs. Charlotte, Friday @ Dallas, Saturday @ San Antonio. For the Suns, Thursday vs. Memphis, Saturday vs. Milwaukee, Jan. 7 @ Chicago.  
