  Jazz-Celtics notebook   By Brian Robb, for NBA.com Posted Friday January 21, 2011 11:08PM THE FACTS:  The Boston Celtics led and dominated from start to finish, cruising to a 110-86 victory over the Utah Jazz for their fifth straight win at the TD Garden.  Kevin Garnett  scored a game-high 21 points for the Celtics and  Paul Pierce  chipped in with 20 as Boston led by as many as 25 in the blowout victory.  Deron Williams  had a season-low five points for the Jazz, who turned the ball over 21 times in their third straight loss, all of which have come on the road. QUOTABLE:  "We are doing all the little things that are really helping us execute. A lot of the things that you guys don't see that  Doc [Rivers]  always talks about. Doing the little things is what great teams do and I think we are finally starting to master them."   -- Paul Pierce THE STAT:   Rajon Rondo  had 10 of Boston's 18 assists in the first half, two more than the entire Jazz roster complied over the game's first 24 minutes. TURNING POINT:  Williams picked up his second foul just 3:42 into the first quarter. Boston immediately took advantage of his absence, exploding for a 16-3 run midway through the frame as Utah looked lost and tentative on both ends without their floor general. The outburst enabled Boston to build a double-digit lead that they did not look back from for the rest of the night. QUOTABLE II:  "Well they showed us what basketball is like tonight. They came out and took us out of our offense, we couldn't do anything of what we were trying to do."   --  Jerry Sloan HOT:  Pierce has made a habit of coming out of the gate with authority during this home stand and Friday night was no different. Pierce tallied 13 of Boston's 30 points in the opening frame, enabling the Celtics to jump out to an early 11-point lead on Utah. NOT:   Al Jefferson , the former Celtics power forward,   had a disappointing debut at the TD Garden in a Jazz uniform. Bothered by stifling interior defense by the Celtics, Jefferson missed 10 of his 11 shots and scored just seven points, highlighting a miserable offensive evening for Utah's starting five. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  With the return of Garnett from a calf injury earlier this week,  Glen Davis  has returned to his regular spot as the sixth man off Boston's bench. Big Baby has thrived in the switch back to his normal role, and he continued tonight, as he posted an efficient line of 15 points and seven rebounds in 28 minutes. The power forward is now shooting 60 percent from the field since Garnett's return. ROOKIE WATCH:   Semih Erden  saw extended minutes for Boston in the second half in place of the injured  Shaquille O'Neal . The 24-year-old took advantage of the opportunity, scoring a career-high 14 points in 30 minutes of action. In addition, the Turkish center hit all five of his shots from the field and had seven rebounds, three steals, and a block. For Utah, swingman  Gordon Hayward  was one of the few bright spots in the loss, posting nine points and four boards. NOTABLE:  O'Neal left the game just five minutes into the first quarter with a right hip injury and did not return. Rivers announced after the game he would not travel with the team to Washington D.C. for Saturday's game with the Wizards.  Marquis Daniels  played 26 minutes on a sprained right ankle. He told reporters after the game the ankle was still tender, but he expects to play against Washington. The Jazz scored 19 second-chance points.  Earl Watson  had a season-high 12 points off the bench for Utah to lead the team in scoring. Boston improved to 26-3 when leading after halftime. The Celtics finished their homestand 5-1. UP NEXT:  For the Jazz, Saturday @ Philadelphia, Tuesday @ Lakers, Wednesday vs. San Antonio. For the Celtics, Saturday @ Washington, Tuesday vs. Cleveland, Thursday @ Portland.  