Notebook: Blazers 113, Nuggets 98 
 
 
 Michael Kelly, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Nov 02, 2013 1:15 AM - Updated Sat Nov 02, 2013 1:15 AM 
 
 THE FACT : The Trail Blazers ended a nine-game losing streak in Denver. Portland had not won at Pepsi Center since Dec. 16, 2007. 
 
 THE LEAD :  Nicolas Batum  got hot in the first half, while it was  Wesley Matthews  and  LaMarcus Aldridge  took over in the second half as the Portland Trail Blazers beat Denver 113-98 in the Nuggets' home opener on Friday night.  
 Aldridge had a game-high 25 points for the Blazers (1-1)  -- nine in the fourth quarter -- while Batum and Matthews finished with 21 apiece.  
 
 Nate Robinson  came off the bench to lead the Nuggets (0-2) with 24 points and  Ty Lawson  added 21. 
 
 QUOTABLE : "LaMarcus brought us home with his post game. It's good to have a guy like that who can make those plays and guys can play off of him."  
 -- Portland coach  Terry Stotts 
 
 
 THE STAT : The Blazers were hot from far out but inside the arc was a different story. Portland hit 37 percent on two-point field goal attempts, 27 percent lower than its effectiveness from long range.  
 
 TURNING POINT : After the Nuggets cut a 24-point deficit to seven with 4:57 left, the Blazers responded. Matthews grabbed an offensive rebound and drained a 3-pointer and Aldridge hit four straight turnaround jumpers to make it a 15-point game.  
 
 QUOTABLE II : "There's not too many guys in this league who can put their back to the basket and get you a bucket when you need one. That's why he's a two-time All-Star, because he makes those big shots."  
 -- Blazers forward  Dorell Wright , on Aldridge 
 
 HOT : The Blazers were scorching from long range. Batum was connecting from 3-point range in the first half and at the start of the second half it was Matthews. He hit his first three from behind the arc to pace Portland, which hit 12-for-17 through the first seven minutes of the third quarter to take a 78-57 lead. 
 
 NOT : Nuggets forward  J.J. Hickson  struggled against his former team. He did grab nine rebounds rebounds but he was 2-for-13 from the field and was victimized by Aldridge in the final minutes.  
 
 QUOTABLE III : "J.J. got caught up in that a little bit."  
 -- Nuggets coach  Brian Shaw 
 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA : Nuggets mascot Rocky was injured during pregame ceremonies and didn't appear the rest of the game. The team said he had the wind knocked out of him and he would be back for the next home game. 
 
 GOOD MOVE : With Denver using a bigger lineup the Blazers used their quickness and outside shooting to take a big lead. 
 
 BAD MOVE : The Nuggets seemed to have no answers for the Blazers. They cut down on their turnovers from Wednesday's loss at Sacramento but they couldn't control Portland's shooters. It didn't help that they were backing away from Batum in the first half, leaving the forward wide open for shots. 
 
 QUOTABLE IV : "We let them get out to an early start. They had a bunch of 3s, some easy 3s. We didn't play defense and it was just too big of a hole to come back from."  
 -- Nuggets' Ty Lawson 
 
 NOTABLE : Matthews' double-double was the third of his career. ... Denver's bench outscored the starters 55-43. ... The Blazers were 11-for-15 from the foul line while Denver was just 20-for-34.  
 
 UP NEXT : For the Blazers, Saturday vs. San Antonio, Tuesday vs. Houston, Friday vs. Sacramento. For the Nuggets, Tuesday vs. San Antonio, Thursday vs. Atlanta, Friday @ Phoenix. 
