  Notebook: Blazers 100, Bulls 89 Posted Friday March 16, 2012 11:28PM By Kent McDill, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Playing their first game for interim head coach  Kaleb Canales , the Portland Trail Blazers pulled off an improbable upset of the host Chicago Bulls Friday, 100-89.  LaMarcus Aldridge  led the Blazers with 21 points, and  Wesley Matthews  had 18. The Bulls were playing their second consecutive game without point guard  Derrick Rose , who has a strained groin.  Carlos Boozer  led the Bulls with 22 points and 14 rebounds, but the home team shot just 42 percent from the field. THE FACTS II:  The Bulls scored the first five points of the second half to build their biggest lead of the game at eight points. Portland stayed in the game, then took their first lead of the second half, 81-79, on a basket by  Craig Smith  with 10:27 left in the fourth quarter. The Bulls never managed to erase the lead the rest of the game, and scored just 10 points in the entire fourth quarter. QUOTABLE:  "That was so fun, honestly. It was a great team effort. The odds were against us. I think that was our best win of the year."    -- Portland guard  Jamal Crawford THE STAT:  Playing a more uptempo style instituted in one practice by Canales, the Blazers had only eight turnovers in the game. Guard  Raymond Felton  made six of 11 shots for 16 points with five assists and one turnover, while Matthews had 18 points on six of 11 shooting with only two turnovers. THE STAT II: John Lucas III , the star of Wednesday night's win over Miami with 24 points, was three for 11 from the field for eight points against the Blazers. THE STAT III:  The Bulls, the best offensive rebounding team in the league, had 18 offensive boards but scored just 15 points on follows, going seven for 19 on second attempts. TURNING POINT:  The Blazers scored the first six points of the fourth quarter to build a five-point lead the Bulls never managed to erase. INJURY UPDATE:  Rose did not play for the second straight game because of a sore groin and his status for Saturday's game against Philadelphia is uncertain.  C.J. Watson , who was called a game-time decision as he nurses a sore ankle, played 29 minutes and scored 10 points with three assists and five turnovers. GOOD MOVE:  Pick one -- trading  Marcus Camby , trading  Gerald Wallace , or changing coaches, from  Nate McMillan  to Canales, a former video intern. Something worked. QUOTABLE II:  "We knew today was a new beginning for us. Coach Kaleb told us this morning and before the game, 'I ask you one thing -- compete.'"    -- Portland forward  Nicolas Batum QUOTABLE III:  "We had no energy offensively and no energy defensively. We got out-worked."    -- Bulls coach  Tom Thibodeau NOTABLE:  The Bulls are 8-4 in games played without Rose this season ... the Bulls have lost 73 man-games to injury in 47 games, with  Rip Hamilton  missing 24 of those games ... at the age of 34, Canales is the youngest head coach in the league ... the Blazers chose Canales over former head coach  Bernie Bickerstaff , who is an assistant with the team. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Hall of Famer  Dennis Rodman , who played three championship seasons with the Bulls, was in attendance Friday. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, vs. Philadelphia Saturday, @ Orlando Monday, @ Toronto Wednesday. For the Blazers, @ Oklahoma City Sunday, vs. Milwaukee Tuesday, vs. Memphis Thursday.  