Notebook: Timberwolves 120, Magic 115 
 
 
 Peter Kapsner, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Thu Oct 31, 2013 12:49 AM - Updated Thu Oct 31, 2013 12:49 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  All-Star  Kevin Love  returns in fashion with 31 points and 17 rebounds in an overtime 120-115 win over the Orlando Magic at the Target Center. 
 
 THE LEAD:  Returning from a hand injury that cost him most of the 2012-13 season, Love did everything expected of an All-Star, including hitting a game-tying 3-pointer with 10 seconds left in regulation en route to a dominant line of 31 points and 17 rebounds. The outgunned Magic gave the Wolves everything they could handle for the first 48 minutes, exploiting a porous Minnesota defense with open shots and drives to the rim. Six Magic players scored in double figures, led by  Arron Afflalo  with 24 points. However, they couldn't quite keep up in overtime as the Wolves scored 17 points in the extra session to put the game away. 
 
 QUOTABLE I:  "In the third quarter we just let them get going. We talked about how their concentration needs to be maintained (on defense) no matter what is going on on the offensive end. Kevin made a big shot to take it into overtime and then in overtime I thought we did a good job of defending them. Let's take the win. We just need to learn from it."  --  Wolves coach  Rick Adelman.  
 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Love's semi-desperation 3-pointer near the end of regulation caught nothing but net and left him lying flat on his back. Along with the obvious significance for the game, Love's heave allowed the Wolves to beat a team they'd expect to beat if they have any postseason aspirations.     
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We were not planning to foul. Great screens by Minnesota and a big-time player made a big-time play."  -- Magic coach  Jacque Vaughn  on Love's game-tying trey. 
 
 THE STAT:  Along with saving the game for the Wolves, Love quickly regained his double-double form, grabbing his 10th rebound to go with 14 points just three minutes into the second half. Love led the NBA with 48 double-doubles in 2011-12 and is a near lock to finish in the top five in that category again. 
 
 HOT: Nikola Vucevic . The Orlando big man held his own all night against the bruising duo of Love and  Nikola Pekovic . Vucevic went off for 22 points and 16 boards while tacking on three blocks. Vucevic was third in the NBA in double-doubles last year and will likely compete with Love all year in this category. 
 
 QUOTABLE III: " Tonight we fought. We got back in the game and got a lead. I just wanted to play my game. I just wanted to do well." --  Vucevic on competing hard throughout the game.  
 
 
 NOT:  Orlando Magic at the free throw line. A night after making just 6 of 10 at Indiana, the Magic was an abysmal 11 of 18 against the Wolves and are now just over 60 percent for the year. The Lakers were a league worst 69.2 percent last year as 28 of the 30 NBA teams finished over 70 percent. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Adelman replaced three starters at the 2:22 mark of the first quarter after Orlando had gone on an 9-2 run to close within four points. The Wolves went on an immediate 9-1 run to expand the lead back to 12 and showed off their new bench depth in the process. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH: Victor Oladipo  entered the game with 6:33 left in the first quarter in route to playing 37 minutes for Orlando. Oladipo never looked overmatched as he sliced through the defense with several impressive drives on the way to 16 points, six boards, and four assists. By contrast. both Wolves' first round picks,  Shabazz Muhammed  and  Gorgui Dieng  never got off the bench.   
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Ricky Rubio  quietly showed tonight why he is a fantasy owner's dream. On a "down" night he still filled up the stat sheet with 13 points, 11 assists, six boards and three steals. 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  Tonight is the last home opener in the Target Center as it currently stands. The City of Minneapolis agreed with the Wolves on a $97 million dollar renovation project scheduled to break ground in spring of 2014. The renovation adds more premium seating, larger walkways and gathering spaces, and even a restaurant overlooking Target Field where the Minnesota Twins play.  
 
 NOTABLE:  Tonight's victory is just the second in the last ten games for the Wolves over the Magic. The Magic still lead the overall series 30-18......Tonight's game is the 13th straight season the Wolves have opened at home......Wolves forward  Chase Budinger  remains out indefinitely after suffering significant cartilage damage in his knee....The 2013-14 season marks the 25th in Wolves history. 
 
 UP NEXT:   For the Wolves, Friday vs. Oklahoma City, Sunday @ New York, Monday @ Cleveland. For the Magic, Friday vs. New Orleans, Sunday vs. Brooklyn, Wednesday vs. L.A. Clippers. 
