  Notebook: Nuggets 96, Raptors 81   By Michael Kelly, for NBA.com Posted Saturday January 28, 2012 12:51AM THE FACTS:   Rudy Fernandez  scored a season-high 23 points, Nene had 20 points and 10 rebounds and the Denver Nuggets beat the Toronto Raptors 96-81 on Friday night. Danilo Gallinari  had 21 points and  Andre Miller  had 13 points and 12 assists for the Nuggets, who have won six straight. Bench players  Leandro Barbosa  and  Jerryd Bayless  had 19 and 18 points, respectively, for the Raptors, who were without leading scorer  Andrea Bargnani . QUOTABLE:  "Our guys have to believe. We can't sit back and wait for Andrea to come back. As it was said famously before, he's not walking through that door. It's us against the world for a while, we don't know how long it's going to be, and we've got to play like it."    -- Toronto coach  Dwayne Casey THE STAT:  Toronto's starting guards  DeMar DeRozan  and  Jose Calderon  combined to shoot 6-for-25 with five assists combined. TURNING POINT:  After trailing by as many as 23, Toronto used a 10-2 run to start the fourth to pull within 80-74 and forced Denver to call a timeout with 9:37 left. Gallinari hit an off-balance jumper to get it to eight and after a Raptors miss Fernandez followed with his fifth 3-pointer to push the lead to 85-74. HOT:  Fernandez in the first half. He showed no rust after missing four of the last five games with a sore right Achilles tendon. He hit his first five shots, including three 3-pointers. His 3-pointer started a 15-4 Nuggets run early in the second and he also had a give-and-go with  Corey Brewer  that drew a foul and a pair of free throws. Later, he saved a ball from going out of bounds, twirled and buried another 3 to give Denver a 48-27 lead. NOT:  The Raptors in the first quarter. They started out 1-for-15 from the field and at one point missed 12 shots in a row. The streak was broken when  James Johnson  hit a running jumper with 3:08 left in the period. Toronto trailed 16-2 before Johnson's basket. QUOTABLE II:  "I'm feeling good with my shots and I'm happy my Achilles is feeling better, which is more important."   -- Fernandez. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Gallinari has been on fire since scoring just three points against Philadelphia on Jan. 18. In his past four games he is averaging 25.5 points and 6.2 rebounds. GOOD MOVE:  With the Nuggets' lead trimmed to six points Miller and  Al Harrington  came back into the game. Denver settled down and built the lead back to 11. BAD MOVE:  Former Nugget  Linas Kleiza  and Harrington got into a shoving match with 30 seconds left in the game. Harrington took exception to Kleiza putting his hand in his face under the Toronto basket and the two exchanged words upcourt. They went face-to-face and Kleiza shoved Harrington. Fernandez tried to play peacemaker and instead was shoved into Kleiza by Harrington. Cooler heads prevailed but Harrington and Kleiza were assessed technicals. QUOTABLE III:  "Some NBA guys think it's funny because you can do all that and the referees are out there to save them, and I don't play games like that. Rudy was the only way I could get to him, so I picked Rudy up and kind of tossed him."    -- Harrington. NOTABLE:  Nene has scored at least 20 points and grabbed 10 or more rebounds in 22 career games. ... The Nuggets allowed a season-low 32 points in the first half. ... Denver is 4-0 when holding an opponent to under 90 points. UP NEXT:  For the Raptors, Sunday @ New Jersey, Tuesday vs. Atlanta, Wednesday @ Boston. For the Nuggets, Sunday vs. L.A. Clippers, Tuesday @ Memphis, Thursday @ L.A. Clippers.  