  Notebook: Lakers 92, Nuggets 89   By Dan Arritt, for NBA.com Posted Saturday December 31, 2011 7:05PM THE FACTS:  Lakers center  Andrew Bynum  made a meaningful return to the lineup Saturday afternoon against the visiting Nuggets, scoring 29 points and grabbing 13 rebounds, including six on the offensive glass, to lead the Lakers to a 92-89 victory at Staples Center. Bynum missed the first four games of the season after he was suspended for a flagrant foul on Dallas guard  J.J. Barea  during last season's Western Conference playoffs. QUOTABLE:  "He's a big fella that's extremely skilled and has some athleticism. He just knows how to play the game."  --  Lakers coach  Mike Brown  on Bynum. THE STAT:  Bynum shot 13-for-18 from the field, hitting all five field-goal attempts in the fourth quarter. His three-point play with 3:23 left cut the deficit to two and his lay up off a pass from  Derek Fisher  with 1:52 remaining gave the Lakers the lead for good, 91-89. Denver did not score a point in the last 3:40 after taking an 89-84 lead on a tomahawk dunk by  Nene . TURNING POINT:  On the possession after Bynum's three-point play, Nene missed a dunk that would have given the Nuggets a four-point lead. Fisher missed a 3-point attempt on the other end, but hustled to the other side of the floor and dove for the loose ball, calling timeout before Denver could tie him up.  Kobe Bryant  then drew a foul while dribbling on the perimeter, putting the Lakers in the bonus situation. Bryant made both foul shots to tie the score, 89-89, and the Lakers never trailed again. HOT:  It wasn't just Bynum who helped the Lakers to a 46-32 advantage in the paint.  Pau Gasol , who moved to power forward with the return of Bynum, shot 7-for-10 from the floor and scored 17 points. Throw in a 3-for-3 shooting night for reserve  Josh McRoberts  and the Lakers' big men were a combined 23-for-31 from the floor. NOT:  Down two points with about three seconds remaining, Nuggets forward  Danilo Gallinari  missed a great opportunity to tie the score. Bryant had missed a jump shot while standing on the 3-point line, leading to a fast break by Gallinari. Lakers guard  Steve Blake  didn't give up on the play, however, distracting Gallinari enough that his lay up rolled off the rim ... As strong as the Lakers were in close, they were awful from distance. They finished 2-for-24 from 3-point range, including 0-12 in the first half.  Metta World Peace  couldn't score from anywhere, finishing 0-for-8 with no points and four turnovers ... Both teams combined for 22 turnovers in first half. GOOD MOVE:  Denver coach  George Karl  stayed with his hottest players down the stretch, and that was forward  Al Harrington  and guard  Andre Miller  off the bench. Harrington played the entire fourth quarter and finished with a team-high 21 points. Miller had 13. BAD MOVE:  World Peace told reporters after a one-point loss to the Bulls on Christmas Day that he probably wouldn't do much dunking this season after a slam against Chicago zapped him of his energy. He didn't follow his own advance while driving to the basket late in the first quarter. He elevated for a left-handed dunk but couldn't get it over the rim, leading to a fast break going the other way. QUOTABLE II:  "We get three lay ups and a couple free throws in the last three minutes of the game and we miss all of them."  --  Karl on his team's play down the stretch. NOTABLE:  After starting the first four games of the season, second-year small forward  Devin Ebanks  gave way to  Matt Barnes  in the starting lineup. With World Peace absorbing the back-up minutes, that left no room on the floor for Ebanks and he did not play ... Bryant finished one assist short of a triple double, totaling 17 points, 10 rebounds and nine assists. UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Sunday @ Denver, Tuesday vs. Houston, Thursday @ Portland. For the Nuggets, Sunday vs. Lakers, Monday vs. Milwaukee, Wednesday vs. Sacramento.  