Notebook: Heat 109, Bobcats 77 
 
 
 Zachary Paul, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Mar 24, 2013 9:47 PM - Updated Sun Mar 24, 2013 9:47 PM 
 
 THE FACTS :  There must be something about the Miami Heat and playing from behind. Miami (55-14) once again found itself down big in the early stages before rallying for its 26th-straight victory. This time, the Heat overcame an 11-point, first-quarter deficit to defeat the Charlotte Bobcats 109-77 Sunday at AmericanAirlines Arena.  
 It was the next step in bringing the team closer to catching the 1971-72 Los Angeles Lakers' 33-consecutive win record.  
 The Heat were without guard  Dwyane Wade , who sat out with a sore knee, but still had  LeBron James . That was more than enough to handle the 16-win Bobcats (16-54). James led the way with 32 points, 10 assists and eight rebounds.  Chris Bosh  and  Norris Cole  finished with 15 points apiece while  Ray Allen  added 14 off the bench. The Bobcats were led by  Kemba Walker 's 32 points.  
 It marked the seventh time Miami has recovered from a double-digit deficit during the winning streak. The Heat trailed 19-8 early before restoring order late in the first quarter. Miami led by as many as 34 in the second half.  
 
 QUOTABLE : "This team is built around a lot of depth, veterans, guys who are going to be able to step in. The feeling that D-Wade was out was that, `Ok, we'll find someone to step up.' It wasn't a big thing."'   
   --LeBron James about not having Wade 
 
 THE STAT :  The Bobcats shot just 33 percent from the field.  
 
  TURNING POINT : After trailing 19-8, the Heat went on a 15-0 run and never looked back.    
 
 QUOTABLE II : "We didn't turn the ball over a lot and we made shots. Then we dried up and our defense had to hold the line for a long time before we scored in the second quarter."  
  --Bobcats coach  Mike Dunlap 
 
 
 HOT : James put together yet another efficient performance, shooting 11-for-14 from the field. He fell two rebounds short of a triple-double. James played just 34 minutes after logging at least 40 the three previous games.  
 
 NOT : The entire Bobcats teams had problems shooting the ball, especially reserve  Ben Gordon . He missed his first seven shots. Walker also struggled, going 7-for-21 from the field despite being the Bobcats' leading scorer.  
 
 GOOD MOVE : Wade's injury doesn't appear to be serious, but still was the right call by Heat coach  Erik Spoelstra . He could use a breather as the Heat begin to prepare for the postseason. He may sit Monday against Orlando, too.  
 
 BAD MOVE : The Bobcats became the seventh team during the Heat's winning streak to lose after holding a double-digit lead. Charlotte led early but just couldn't sustain it, eventually being overwhelmed by the Heat's defense. 
 
 NOTABLE : It was just the fifth start of the season for Miami's  Mike Miller , who replaced Wade in the starting lineup. ... The Heat improved to 32-3 at home. ... Veteran  Juwan Howard  made his first appearance of the season, becoming the first player at the age of 40 to appear in a Heat uniform.  
 
  UP NEXT : For the Heat, Monday @ Magic, Wednesday @ Bulls, Friday @ Hornets For the Bobcats, Wednesday vs. Magic, Friday @ Knicks, Saturday @ Sixers.  
