
 Clippers-Nets notebook   By Jake Appleman, for NBA.com Posted Friday March 11, 2011 11:17PM THE FACTS:  Led by the sterling inside tandem of  Kris Humphries  (19 points and a career-high 20 rebounds) and  Brook Lopez  (24 points, seven rebounds), and sparked by  Jordan Farmar  (24 second-half points, seven assists), the Nets downed the Clippers in overtime, 102-98.  Blake Griffin  had a chance to give the Clippers a one-point lead with 1.2 seconds remaining in regulation, but he split a pair of free throws, sending the game to the extra session. Griffin (23 points, nine rebounds), Randy Foye (19 points, seven assists) and Chris Kaman (23 points, 10 rebounds) all featured in defeat. QUOTABLE:  "We're a pretty gutsy team. We have been in two triple-overtime games this year and the guys just never really quit. I told them I was really disappointed with what I was looking at in the first half. I didn't have a smile on my face either, but they bounced back and rose to the challenge."    -- Nets coach  Avery Johnson THE STAT:  Six minutes and 48 seconds is the amount of game clock that elapsed between the beginning of the second half and the Nets tying the game at 57-57 on a Farmar layup. The span changed the entire complexion of the game. TURNING POINT:  Halftime. Whatever Johnson said to light a fire under the Nets worked as they erased a 14-point deficit in a little over half a quarter. QUOTABLE II:  "It's starts with me also. I take a lot of blame, just not being able to stop the bleeding in the second half and make plays for my team."   --  Mo Williams  on the loss and his poor (3-for-17) shooting night FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Not only did Humphries nearly have a 20-20 game, he was perfect (8-for-8) from the field. "We call him lumberjack," Farmar said of Humphries. "He's the guy that goes to work for us every day. He's the tough, the man on the floor and he makes things happen." INSIDE THE ARENA:  Sly was joined on the court by other mascots to celebrate his birthday. The Orlando Magic mascot, Stuff, was ejected early in the fourth quarter due to an incident with a fan...  Jay-Z  sat a few seats down from the Nets bench per usual... DeAndre Jordan  stepped all over some fans sitting courtside while chasing down a loose ball in the fourth quarter. ROOKIE WATCH:  Griffin had an average game -- for him -- while  Al-Farouq Aminu (eight points, five rebounds, careless with the ball) and  Eric Bledsoe  (scoreless) played their roles. NOTABLE:  The Clippers scored their first 10 points on five dunks from Griffin and Jordan. The third slam, a sky-high left-handed alley-oop finish from Griffin, and the reaction it drew from the crowd instantly revealed why the game was a sellout...Nets not named Lopez started the game shooting 2-for-12... Travis Outlaw  started the second half in place of  Sasha Vujacic  and the Nets began the third quarter on an 8-0 run...Griffin picked up back-to-back offensive fouls in overtime, both times trying maneuver on Humphries...A driving layup from Foye, a Newark native, gave the Clippers a 41-21 lead midway through the second quarter, making a Nets victory seem highly unlikely. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Saturday @ Washington, Monday @ Memphis, Wednesday vs. Philadelphia. For the Nets, Monday vs. Boston, Thursday vs. Chicago, Friday @ Milwaukee. 
