Notebook: Magic 90, Pistons 74 
 
 
 Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Nov 21, 2012 11:18 PM - Updated Wed Nov 21, 2012 11:18 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:  The Orlando Magic scored the first 21 points of the second half and beat the Detroit Pistons, 90-74. Detroit led by three points at halftime, but missed its first 15 shots of the third quarter and never got back in the game, losing to Orlando for the second time in five days. 
 
 Greg Monroe  scored a game-high 19 points for the Pistons, but managed only four of their 26 points after halftime. 
 Rookie  Andrew Nicholson  scored 15 points for the Magic, who have only two victories against the Pistons to show for their efforts in their last nine games. 
 
 THE STAT:  The Pistons went scoreless for the first nine minutes and 45 seconds of the second half. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We took ourselves out of the game. We got away from getting the ball inside where Greg (Monroe) was pretty effective in the first half. We stopped moving and settled for jump shots."
 -- Pistons forward  Kyle Singer . 
 
 
 TURNING POINT:  After closing the first half with six straight points to take a 48-45 lead, the Pistons did not score for nine minutes, 45 seconds, and fell 18 points behind.  
 
 HOT:  The word doesn't apply to this game except for Nicholson, who made seven of nine shots. 
 
 NOT:  The Pistons missed their first 15 shots of the second half and 31 of their first 34. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  According to Magic forward  Glen Davis , coach  Jacque Vaughn  didn't say much at halftime. He showed some video and said: "Let's go play hard." 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "They executed better than us, that's for sure, but they didn't come out with anything special. They stuck to basics and they made it work."
 -- Monroe. 
 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Whatever Pistons coach  Lawrence Frank  tried in the third quarter, it didn't work. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "We had line changes tonight. We had guys going in and out. You're constantly trying to find different answers, putting different guys in there to see if they can bring something different to the game."
 -- Frank. 
 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:   Maurice Harkless , one of nine rookies on the two rosters, got his first start for the Magic. The 19-year-old forward put up seven points and four rebounds in 21 minutes, but Nicholson came off the bench with better production.  Andre Drummond  had four points in 19 minutes for the Pistons. 
 
 NOTABLE:  The Pistons shot 8-for-44 (.182) in the second half. ... The Magic average 104.3 points in their four victories, and 79.6 points in their six losses. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Pistons: Friday vs. Toronto; Sunday @ New York; Monday vs. Portland. For the Magic: Friday vs. Cleveland; Sunday vs. Boston; Wednesday vs. San Antonio. 
