  Notebook: Celtics 94, Jazz 82 Posted Wednesday March 28, 2012 11:50PM By Brian Robb, for NBA.com THE FACTS:   Kevin Garnett  had a double-double with 23 points and 10 rebounds as the Boston Celtics recovered after squandering a 18-point second half lead to defeat the Utah Jazz 94-82 at the TD Garden. The victory was the C's third straight win in a game that the hosts appeared to have under complete command early in the second half, as they built up a comfortable cushion. The Jazz fought back valiantly however, using a 23-5 run to tie the game back up with just over 11 minutes remaining before Garnett and company regained control.  Paul Pierce  added 20 points and six rebounds for the victors, as the C's jumped back into a tie for the Atlantic Division lead with Philadelphia after the win.  Gordon Hayward  had 19 points, seven rebounds and five assists in the setback, as the Jazz dropped to 8-18 on the road. QUOTABLE:  "He's been playing like that a lot since the second half of the season and we've been going to him a lot more. He really is inspiring to his teammates when he's got it going like that on both ends of the court and we kind of feed off his energy."   -- Pierce on Garnett's play. THE STAT:  After being dominated on the boards for the first three quarters 42-25, the Celtics turned the tide late, winning the rebounding battle 13-7 in the final frame, neutralizing Utah's biggest strength as they pulled away for the win. TURNING POINT:  With the Jazz trailing by three with just over eight minutes remaining, the Boston bench stepped up in a big way with back-to-back jumpers from  Keyon Dooling  and  Sasha Pavlovic , pushing the lead to eight while the majority of the starters rested. The C's maintained the sizable spread the rest of the way. HOT:  Garnett. The 35-year-old showed some spring in his step in the second half against the young Jazz front line, pouring in 16 of his 23 points after the intermission on 7-of-9 shooting. NOT:   C.J. Miles . Utah's backcourt struggled mightily on the offensive end, and Miles was a main culprit. He missed nine of his ten shots, including all five he took in the second half. He finished with three points, tying his lowest scoring output as a starter this season. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:   Rajon Rondo . The All-Star point guard finished with 14 assists and has been masterful at distributing the ball lately, tallying 11 straight games with double-digit assists. Over the month of March, he has averaged 12.5 assists. NOTABLE:   Ray Allen  sat out his fourth straight game with a right ankle injury. Rivers is hopeful he will be able to play Friday night against Minnesota.  Avery Bradley  started his third straight game for Allen and played a career-high 43 minutes. The C's had no update on the condition of  Mickael Pietrus  who is out indefinitely due to a concussion suffered last Friday against Philadelphia. Despite 17 offensive rebounds, Utah managed just 7 second chance points. The Jazz had 11 turnovers in the first half, compared to just two for Boston. The C's finished with 11 turnovers, four below their season average. Garnett and  Al Jefferson  were whistled for double technicals after a brief scuffle in the fourth quarter. Jefferson scored 16 of his 18 points in the second half. Boston has now won seven straight games at home. UP NEXT:  For the Jazz, Friday vs. Sacramento, Saturday @ LA Lakers, Monday @ Portland. For the Celtics, Friday @ Minnesota, Sunday vs. Miami, Wednesday vs. San Antonio.  