  Notebook: Thunder 98, Grizzlies 95   By L. Jason Smith, for NBA.com Posted Thursday December 29, 2011 12:02AM THE FACTS:  Oklahoma City forward  Kevin Durant  scored 32 points and guard  Russell Westbrook  hit a pair of free throws with four seconds left to help the Thunder edge the Memphis Grizzlies 98-95 at FedExForum on Wednesday in a rematch of last year's Western Conference semifinals. It was Durant's third 30-point performance in three games for Oklahoma City (3-0). Forward  Zach Randolph 's 24 points and 12 rebounds led the Grizzlies (0-2). QUOTABLE:  "It's the reality. We don't make 3s. We would like to have a couple of guys that make 3s consistently, but we don't.. That's just the way we are."    -- Memphis coach  Lionel Hollins  on the Grizzlies' struggles from 3-point range, where they're shooting 21.7 percent through two games. THE STAT:  Memphis couldn't buy a shot from deep, going 2-for-16 from 3-point range. Oklahoma City, on the other hand, canned 10-for-25 attempts from beyond the arc, with reserve guards  James Harden  and  Daequan Cook  making three apiece. TURNING POINT:  The Grizzlies took just their second lead of the game at 76-75 with 9:40 to go in the fourth quarter on a 12-footer by Randolph. But Oklahoma City responded with a 14-1 scoring run over the next four minutes that included a pair of long-range bombs from Cook and two more from from Harden and Durant. When the smoke cleared, the Thunder had pushed its lead to 12 points (89-77). Oklahoma City was 5-for-7 from 3-point range in the fourth quarter. QUOTABLE II:  "They match up with us very well.  Rudy Gay  is coming off shoulder surgery and playing well. Of course Zach and the big fella  Marc  [ Gasol] . I was hoping he didn't sign back with them, but he signed back and they have a good team. It's going to be a battle every time we play 'em, but it's always fun."   -- Kevin Durant on the rivalry developing between the Thunder and Grizzlies, who went seven games in last year's Western Conference semifinals. HOT:  After going 1-for-7 from the field to open the game, Durant made nine of his last 10 shot attempts in becoming the first NBA player in the last two years to open a season with three consecutive 30-point performances. NOT:  Memphis opened the game by missing its first 12 field-goal attempts. Its first bucket didn't come until the 4:04 mark of the first quarter on a layup by Randolph. NOTABLE:  Memphis lost point guard  Mike Conley  to a left ankle sprain just 24 seconds into Wednesday's game. Conley did not return and was replaced by rookie guard and former Gonzaga standout  Jeremy Pargo , who finished with 15 points, seven assists, three rebounds and just one turnover. UP NEXT:  For the Grizzlies, Friday vs. Houston, Sunday @ Chicago, Tuesday vs. Sacramento. For the Thunder, Thursday vs. Dallas, Saturday vs. Phoenix, Monday at Dallas.  