  Notebook: Bulls 110, Nets 95   By Kent McDill, for NBA.com Posted Monday January 23, 2012 11:38PM THE FACTS:  The Chicago Bulls made the game-time decision Monday to let  Derrick Rose  (sprained toe) and  Joakim Noah  (sprained ankle) play at the United Center, and it worked out. Rose scored 22 points and Noah had 16 points and 10 rebounds as the Bulls whipped the New Jersey Nets 110-95.  Rip Hamilton  had 22 points and 10 assists, giving the Bulls two double-doubles on the night.  Deron Williams  had 16 points and 10 assists for the Nets, who also got 22 points from  Jordan Farmar  off the bench. THE FACTS II:  The Bulls played the game without starting forward  Luol Deng , who suffered a sprained wrist in the Bulls' last game. The extent of the injury was not immediately revealed by the team. Reserve forward  Taj Gibson  missed his second straight game with an ankle sprain. The Nets, meanwhile, were playing their third game in three nights, and played without starting guard  MarShon Brooks , who had a sore Achilles' tendon. The decision to keep him out of the game was not made until right before game time. QUOTABLE:  "I'm the only one who knows if I'm ready to go out."    -- Rose talking about the decision to play Monday THE STAT:  The Bulls had a season-high 33 assists on 43 baskets. THE STAT II:  In a matchup of Turkish centers, Bulls reserve center  Omer Asik  outplayed Nets starter  Mehmet Okur.  Asik had 10 points and four rebounds in 10 minutes while Okur had seven points and one rebound in 22 minutes. THE MOMENT:  Playing before an audience worried about his physical condition, Rose offered up back-to-back perfect assists on baskets by Noah and Hamilton midway through the first quarter. Then, with three minutes left in the quarter, Rose missed a 3-pointer,  Ronnie Brewer  got the rebound, missed the putback, Hamilton got the rebound and with Rose screaming for the ball, Hamilton sent the ball back outside to the MVP who hit the 3-pointer for a 23-11 Bulls lead. INJURY UPDATE:  Brooks was a game-time scratch from the Nets' lineup because of a sore Achilles' tendon. Rose played with his sprained big toe, and Noah played despite his sprained ankle. Deng's situation is very uncertain, and he is seeing numerous doctors. Gibson is listed as day-to-day but also remains an uncertain contributor for a while. HOT:  Hamilton made 10 of 16 shots for his 22 points. He had four rebounds to go with his 10 assists. NOT:  Bulls guard  Kyle Korver  continues to be ice cold from the field at home. He is 2-for-14 in his last four home games. QUOTABLE II:  "Then he's week-to-week."    -- Bulls coach  Tom Thibodeau , after being asked how Deng's "day-to-day'' status would change if his wrist injury proved to be serious. GOOD MOVE:  With Deng and Gibson out, Thibodeau used popular bench forward  Brian Scalabrine  as his first sub. Scalabrine had five points, three rebounds and four assists in 23 minutes. NOTABLE:  With his first basket of the game, Hamilton became the 120th player in NBA history to score 15,0000 points. NOTABLE II:  With their game Monday, the Bulls became the first team this season to play 19 games. But the rest of the league catches up this week as the Bulls play every other day this week and do not have a back-to-back until Tuesday and Wednesday of next week. However, after Friday's home game against Milwaukee, the Bulls play nine consecutive road games, eight of them against Eastern Conference opponents. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Wednesday vs. Indiana, Friday vs. Milwaukee, Monday @ Miami. For the Nets, Wednesday vs. Toronto, Friday @ Indiana, Saturday vs. Detroit.  