  Bobcats-Lakers notebook   By Bryan Chu, for NBA.com Posted Saturday March 5, 2011 2:14AM THE FACTS:   Phil Jackson  can't explain why the Lakers have had such difficulty against the Bobcats. For one night, however, they figured it out. Jumping out to an early double-digit lead, the Lakers wound up defeating the Bobcats, 92-84, and notching their sixth straight victory. The Lakers (44-19) split the season series 1-1 against the Bobcats after having been embarrassed by their largest margin of defeat, 109-89, last month. The Lakers now head on a four-game road trip -- all against playoff bound teams (Spurs, Hawks, Heat, Mavericks) -- as they hope to improve their record to close the gap for homecourt advantage come the playoffs. This game was important just for the sheer reason of maintaining momentum, especially against a Bobcats team they have struggled against, losing eight of their last 10 coming into the contest. In the victory,  Kobe Bryant  tallied 27 points in 30 minutes,  Pau Gasol  had 20 points and 10 rebounds and  Andrew Bynum  had nine points and a season-high 17 rebounds. The Bobcats (26-35) have now lost three in a row and are a game behind the Pacers, who lost to the Mavericks, for the eighth seed in the East. In the defeat,  D.J. Augustin  scored a team-high 22 points.  Shaun Livingston  added 12 and  DJ White  had 11. Bobcats forward  Stephen Jackson , who had eight points in 25 minutes, suffered a strained left hamstring in the third quarter and did not return. He missed practice on Thursday because of that same hamstring. "Jax is not healthy and that's a big problem for us," Bobcats coach  Paul Silas  said. "He really shouldn't have played...He's going to have to sit out until that thing gets better...I'm not sure how many games he has to sit out, but he's going to have to sit out...he comes back too soon, he's going to re-injure that thing and he's never going to get healthy. We just have to bite that bullet." The Lakers jumped on the Bobcats in the opening period by using a 17-2 run to lead 29-19 at the end of the first quarter. They held their 10-point lead going into halftime, 45-35. The closest Charlotte got in the second half was 71-63 in the fourth quarter, but then Lakers went on a 7-0 run and did not look back. QUOTABLE:  "The big difference is that we didn't have Gerald Wallace. If we had him we would've been better."  --  Silas on what the difference was this time around compared with the 20-point victory they had last month in Charlotte. QUOTABLE II:  "They didn't beat us like we beat them so it doesn't make a difference."  --  Bobcats center  Kwame Brown . THE STAT:  93.3. The combined percentage the Lakers (19-for-21) and Bobcats (9-for-9) shot from the free throw line. TURNING POINT:  The Lakers put the Bobcats away in the opening minutes of the third quarter. Los Angeles built on its 10-point halftime lead with an 11-2 run to go up 56-39. QUOTABLE III:  "It ain't getting better...forcing myself isn't helping it...when I was wrestling with  Ron Artest  under the basket, I felt a real sharp pull, the sharpest pain since I've hurt it. It was kind of scary...I have to get healthy, I hurt it in Charlotte before, but it's never gotten this serious where I couldn't get through the game and it's been two games in a row. I have to take a real serious look at it."  --  Jackson on his left hamstring injury. QUOTABLE IV:  "As far as standings on the East, it makes no difference if you play for the Lakers. You know what I'm saying."  --  Lamar Odom  to NBA.com on whether he's watching the standings. HOT:  Bynum was just one rebound shy of tying his career high of 18 rebounds set back on Jan. 10, 2010. Bynum, who had four points and 13 rebounds by halftime, also added a season-high six blocks. NOT:  Lakers reserve point guard  Steve Blake  struggled off the bench. He was 1-for-7 from the field and missed five of his six 3-pointers. He finished the game with three points in 30 minutes of action. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Augustin started off hot, making 5-for-9 from the field in the first quarter. He had 11 of the team's 19 points in the first period. He finished the game 9-for-22 shooting and added six rebounds and four assists. His 22-point performance marks the third, 20-plus point game in the last five contests. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Tennis greats  Roger Federer  and  Pete Sampras  were sitting side-by side courtside next to the Lakers bench. NOTABLE:  There was a scary moment for the Lakers and  Derek Fisher  at the 3:36 mark of the third quarter. On an offensive rebound, Kwame Brown and Fisher had their arms get tangled up and Fisher got the worst of it. Fisher's left arm got pulled back. He did not return and was diagnosed with a sprained left elbow, a Lakers spokesperson said. "We're concerned about it," Lakers coach Phil Jackson said. "We want to get him back and get him icing that arm as soon as possible, so that he can be ready on Sunday. From Brown's point of view: "(Fisher) stuck his hands in when I was trying to go up. It was just a play that happened. It was nothing big or malicious. He got his hand caught; it was nothing. Fish is going to be fine. He's a big boy." ... Lakers backup forward  Matt Barnes  was initially cleared to play against the Bobcats after missing 25 games following surgery on his right knee. Barnes aggravated the nerve in his knee during shootaround and did not play. "It was weird," Barnes said. "I aggravated a nerve while I was stretching, so it had nothing to do with my knee. My knee is fine...it just didn't felt right, so better safe than sorry."...The Lakers tied their season high in blocks with 12...Neither team shot better than 40 percent from the field. The Lakers were 38.2 percent and the Bobcats 39.8 percent. UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Sunday @ San Antonio, Tuesday @ Atlanta, Thursday @ Miami. For the Bobcats, Saturday @ Portland, Monday vs. Clippers, Wednesday vs. Chicago.  