
 Bobcats-Nets notebook   By Jake Appleman, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday November 3, 2010 11:19PM THE FACTS:  The Charlotte Bobcats won their first game of the season in appropriate fashion: overcoming a 10-point deficit to defeat the New Jersey Nets 85-83 in a slugfest that ended with players from both teams fighting on the floor for a loose ball.  Boris Diaw  (24 points, three rebounds, three assists) and  Gerald Wallace  (20 points, 11 field-goal attempts, 11 rebounds, countless floor burns) starred for the Bobcats.  Devin Harris  and  Brook Lopez  played through pain to combine for 36 points, 10 rebounds and 11 assists. QUOTABLE:  "You saw how ugly things can get, when you just run up and down the floor and don't execute."    -- Bobcats coach,  Larry Brown THE STAT:  The Nets shot 14-for-15 from the line, but just 5-for-17 on 3-pointers. TURNING POINT: D.J. Augustin  sank two free throws with 30.9 seconds remaining to give the Bobcats the 85-83 lead that would end up as the final score. QUOTABLE II:  "Luckily it wasn't someone bigger."    -- Brook Lopez, on colliding with Augustin and hurting his shoulder. Augustin and Lopez were selected back-to-back with the ninth and 10th picks in the 2008 NBA Draft. HOT:  Wallace also played through pain to earn his numbers. He got to the basket seemingly at will, converting well around the rim and sinking all eight of his free throws. NOT:   Troy Murphy . In his Nets debut, Murphy finished with just two points on 1-for-3 shooting in 18 minutes. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:   Derrick Favors  (11 points, 5-for-7 from the floor, eight rebounds) turned in an efficient performance. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Yankees starting pitcher,  C.C. Sabathia , sat courtside. In other related baseball news, the New York Mets picked up the contract option on shortstop  Jose Reyes  ... Public Address announcer  Gary Sussman  referred to Lopez as "the Pez dispenser" after an assist late in the third quarter to  Anthony Morrow  ...  DeSagana Diop  was happy to hear that his favorite soccer team, Olympique Marseille, defeated MSK Zilina 7-0 in a Champions League fixture earlier in the day ... With 2:24 remaining and the Nets up two, the "Lock it up" scene from  Wedding Crashers  played on the jumbotron. Unfortunately for most in attendance, the Nets failed to do just that. ROOKIE WATCH:   Sherron Collins  (zero points, two assists in four minutes) made his NBA debut. NOTABLE:  Lopez scored 10 of the Nets' 19 points in the first quarter ... Murphy made his first field goal as a Net on a 19-foot jumper with 45.2 seconds left in the first half ... Harris went to the locker room during the third quarter with a sprained left shoulder after colliding with  Stephen Jackson . He returned and took a charge against  Shaun Livingston  on the low block early in the fourth quarter. UP NEXT:  For the Bobcats, Friday @ Detroit, Saturday vs. Orlando, Monday vs. San Antonio. For the Nets, Friday @ Orlando, Saturday @ Miami, Tuesday vs. Cleveland. 
