Notebook: Nuggets 113, Bobcats 99 
 
 
 Derek Smith, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Feb 23, 2013 10:47 PM - Updated Sat Feb 23, 2013 10:47 PM 
 
 THE FACTS: Ty Lawson  scored a team-best 20 points and led six Denver Nuggets in double figures for a 113-99 win over the Charlotte Bobcats Saturday night at Time Warner Cable Arena.  Kemba Walker  led all scorers with 24 for the Bobcats, who are 2-9 in February.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "It's a good win for us. It feels great to be back playing in the Carolinas. We're trying to get 18 more wins to get that number four seed. We need to focus. We can be a good team when we focus and are on the same game plan. It's going to be a grind." --  Denver guard Lawson. 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Nuggets used their deep bench to their advantage Saturday night. Denver's reserves outscored Charlotte's 45-28 and were led by  JaVale McGee's  17 points and six rebounds. McGee had seven dunks and helped the Nuggets to 66 points in the paint.  
 
 TURNING POINT: T he game changed at the 4:41 mark of the second quarter when Kemba Walker picked up his third foul and was sent to the bench with the game tied 47-46. The Nuggets went on a 13-8 run to close the half and never looked back.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "In the second half our defense got more solid. We had a solid game from a big group of guys that really got us going in a big way. The guys were out there playing hard on both ends and it really showed in how we played tonight." --  Denver coach  George Karl. 
 
 
 HOT: Kenneth Faried  set the tone in the interior for Denver Saturday. The forward had 15 points on 7-of-9 shooting and added five rebounds. It was his first time in double figures since February 12 and the 36th time this season he reached double figures. Denver's forwards and centers were dominant against the Bobcats and combined to shoot 25-of-38 from the floor and score 57 points.  
 
 NOT: Byron Mullens  had been on a tear for the Bobcats since returning to the lineup on February 4, but that came to a screaming halt this weekend. Saturday against Denver he scored four points and was 1-of-9 from the floor and missed all three of his 3-point attempts. For the weekend, Mullens was 2-of-21 from the floor and missed all seven of his 3-point attempts and finished with only six points. 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Kemba Walker has been the lone bright spot for the Bobcats of late. He finished the game with 24 points and five assists with a shooting night which saw him make 9-of-14 from the floor and 5-of-6 from the charity stripe. Walker is averaging 24.8 points in his last four games. This is Walker's longest stretch in his career in which he has scored 20 or more points in a game.  
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Sitting Gallinari. Denver coach George Karl chose to play  Danilo Gallinari  just 15 minutes and rest the team's leading scorer who has a left thigh bruise. Gallinari had six points on 2-of-3 shooting from behind the arc. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Charlotte rookie  Jeffery Taylor  had a career-high 18 points off the bench and played 33 minutes. He added three rebounds, two assists, two steals and two blocks to his stat line.  Michael Kidd-Gilchrist  was again in double figures with 12 points and four rebounds.  
 
 NOTABLE:  The Bobcats have been swept by eight teams this season including seven teams from the Western Conference.  Gerald Henderson  scored in double figures for the 10th time in 11 games and the 31st time this season. Walker is the sixth player in franchise history to post a streak of at least four straight games with 20-plus points.  Josh McRoberts  saw his first action as a member of the Bobcats. He played six minutes and grabbed three rebounds in that time. Nuggets guard  Andre Iguodala  handed out a season-high 10 assists, recording his first points-assists double-double of the season and his sixth overall. The Nuggets are 7-2 when shooting 80 percent or better from the charity stripe. Denver is now 18-6 when recording 10 or more steals after collecting 11 against Charlotte. The Nuggets are 22-3 when holding opponents under 100 points.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Nuggets, Monday vs. Lakers, Wednesday @ Portland, Friday vs. Oklahoma City. For the Bobcats, Tuesday @ Clippers, Friday @ Utah, Sunday @ Sacramento. 
