  Notebook: Bulls 88, Celtics 79   By Brian Robb, for NBA.com Posted Saturday January 14, 2012 12:04AM THE FACTS: Derrick Rose  scored 12 of his 25 points in the fourth quarter, helping the Chicago Bulls fend off a fourth quarter rally by the Boston Celtics and hold on for an 88-79 win. The Bulls led by as many as 20 points in the third quarter, but the C's fought back, cutting Chicago's edge to one with 10 minutes remaining in the game, before the defending MVP took over. Rose showed no effects of a turf toe injury that forced him to sit out his last game, leading a balanced Chicago attack late to finish with seven assists and four rebounds along with his game-high 25 points.  Luol Deng  and  Joakim Noah  chipped in with double-doubles in the fourth straight victory for the Bulls.  Rajon Rondo  finished with 14 points and 11 assists for the C's, who have now dropped three straight games for the second time this season. QUOTABLE:  "I think he's gotten very comfortable with all types of defenses now. He knows where the holes are. He gets an open shot or a good look or he'll create an open look for one of his teammates and I think that comes from experience."  --  Head coach  Tom Thibodeau  on Derrick Rose's offense. THE STAT:  The Celtics dug themselves a hole in the early stages of the first half offensively they were unable to fully recover from. Over the first 16 minutes of the game, Boston scored a mere 13 points, on 5-of-26 (19.2 percent) shooting from the field, continuing their pattern of slow offensive starts this season. TURNING POINT:  After Boston cut a 20-point Bulls lead to one early in the fourth quarter, Rose asserted control of his team's offense, scoring seven straight points for the Bulls to push the lead back up to eight with six minutes remaining. Boston was unable to close the deficit below six during the rest of the night as Chicago buckled down their defense and continued to hit clutch shots to keep the C's at bay. HOT: Carlos Boozer  -- The veteran power forward scored from all over the floor in the first half, hitting six of his first eight field goal attempts for 12 points to help Chicago build an big early lead. NOT: Paul Pierce  -- The Celtics' captain continues to struggle as he tries to work himself into game shape after missing nearly three weeks with a heel injury. The All-Star missed eight of his shots tonight, and finished with just 13 points and only one rebound. Over the past three games, the small forward has hit just 23.5 percent (8-of-34) of his attempts from the field. QUOTABLE II:  ""I have to play better for us to win ball games and I realize that. Right now we're going through a little lull, and we've just got to get through it."  --  Pierce. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Deng -- The former Duke star finished with a double-double in the first half on his way to a monster night for the visitors. Deng finished with 21 points and 16 rebounds as he continues to show himself as one of the best rebounding small forwards in the league. NOTABLE: Brandon Bass  earned the surprise start at center in place of  Jermaine O'Neal.  He finished with 10 points and nine rebounds in 22 minutes in a move that may become permanent according to head coach  Doc Rivers . O'Neal played 22 minutes off the bench. The Bulls played once again without  C.J. Watson  (elbow) and  Richard Hamilton  (groin). Watson could return to action later this weekend according to Thibodeau. For the second straight game, the Celtics were dominated in second chance points 24-14. Rondo was whistled for his fourth technical of the season with 2:17 remaining the 2nd quarter. The Celtics never led during the contest. Former fan favorite  Brian Scalabrine  earned a rousing ovation from the TD Garden upon entering the game with under a minute remaining the first quarter.  Keyon Dooling  did not suit up for Boston due to a sore right knee. He will miss Saturday's contest in Indiana as well, but hopes to return for Monday's tilt with the Thunder. Chicago outrebounded Boston 46-34. Chicago now has the best record in the NBA at 11-2. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Saturday vs. Toronto, Monday @ Memphis, Tuesday vs. Phoenix. For the Celtics, Saturday @ Indiana, Monday vs. Oklahoma City, Wednesday vs. Toronto.  