  Hornets-Clippers notebook   By Dan Arritt, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday November 23, 2010 2:18AM THE FACTS : The Los Angeles Clippers, owning the worst record in the NBA and without two starters due to injury, took on the team with the best mark Monday night and accomplished what seemed like an impossible task, defeating the New Orleans Hornets, 99-95, at Staples Center. QUOTABLE : "We're not playing with a sense of urgency....I know we had a back-to-back last night and tonight, but that is no excuse."-- New Orleans coach  Monty Williams THE STAT:  The Clippers shot just 17-for-34 from the free-throw line, but  Eric Gordon  made the most important two with 4.7 seconds remaining, giving his team its final four-point lead. TURNING POINT:  Trailing by four points with two minutes remaining, the Clippers called a 20-second timeout, but it wasn't to congratulate each other for staying so close to the Hornets. Instead, they finished with a 10-2 run. QUOTE II:  "I thought our second half was the best, besides us not being able to convert at the free-throw line..... These guys are hanging tough right now." --  Clippers coach  Vinny Del Negro HOT:  Gordon continues to play like an All-Star, scoring a team-high 27 points, including seven in the fourth quarter. Gordon came in averaging 23.3 points, which was six better than his career average. NOT:  The Hornets did not convert a field-goal attempt the last 3:25, going 0-for-4 from the field and committing three turnovers in that span. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Hornets forward  David West  had his second 30-point game in the last three, finishing with 30 points and 10 rebounds to lead New Orleans. He missed a running four-footer with 8.9 seconds remaining that would have tied the score, however. GOOD MOVE:  Del Negro awarded  DeAndre Jordan  with a season-high 33 minutes, and the 6-foot-11 center responded with 12 points on 6-for-9 shooting and grabbed eight rebounds. BAD MOVE:   Chris Paul  scored 12 points in the opening quarter on 4-for-5 shooting, making all three 3-point attempts, but was 1-for-7 with just two points and two assists the rest of the game. ROOKIE WATCH:  Clippers forward  Blake Griffin  wasn't as sensational as he was Saturday night when he scored 44 points in a loss to the Knicks, but he was solid as a rock, totaling 24 points and 13 rebounds. . INSIDE THE ARENA:  Academy Award-winning actress Charlize Theron sat courtside. NOTABLE:  The Clippers had lost nine straight and its last 14 meetings against the Hornets. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Thursday vs. Sacramento, Friday at Phoenix, Monday vs. Utah. For the Hornets, Wednesday at Utah, Friday at Portland, Sunday vs. San Antonio.  