  Notebook: Bucks 112, Wizards 98 Posted Monday April 2, 2012 11:45PM By Rich Dubroff, for NBA.com THE FACTS: Brandon Jennings  had 17 of his 19 points in the third quarter as the Milwaukee Bucks beat the Washington Wizards 112-98 on Monday night. Jennings was one of six Bucks in double figures.  Monta Ellis  and  Mike Dunleavy  each had 17,  Ersan Ilyasova  had 16 points and 11 rebounds and  Ekpe Udoh  had 15 points. Milwaukee is just two games out of the final spot in the NBA's Eastern Conference, and begins a five-game homestand on Wednesday. Washington was led by  Jordan Crawford's  23 points. The Wizards have lost seven of eight. QUOTABLE:  "It's huge when you have five or six guys in double figures. This is the effort you need to make a run into the playoffs."  --  Jennings on his team's balanced scoring. THE STAT:  The Bucks outrebounded the Wizards 48-35. TURNING POINT:  After Washington cut the lead to 55-53 early in the third quarter, the Milwaukee went on a 10-0 run, to make it 65-53. The Wizards did cut the lead to seven in the fourth quarter, but the Bucks scored 21 of the next 28 points to put the game away. QUOTABLE II:  "We were down on ourselves a couple of times. I felt it in our huddle."  --  Washington head coach  Randy Wittman  on the Wizards' lackluster effort. HOT:  Jennings was 6-for-10 in the third quarter, and his 17 points nearly outscored Washington's 22 in the quarter. NOT: John Wall  shot just 4-for-13 from the field. He was 6-for-6 from the line, but wasn't pleased with the officiating. "I'm not going to say I got fouled, so I won't get fined," Wall said. GOOD MOVE:  Milwaukee head coach  Scott Skiles  subbed Dunleavy and  Shaun Livingston  at the right times. Dunleavy had eight points in the second and seven in the fourth. Livingston had all 10 points -- on 5-for-5 shooting in the fourth. BAD MOVE:  Except for a technical foul called on him in the third quarter, Wittman seemed a little passive. In fact, he came late to his post-game press conference and admitted he had forgotten until the Wizards public relations director reminded him of his obligation. NOTABLE: Drew Gooden  played just six minutes in the second half, and the Bucks' dominance enabled him to rest his sore lower back. UP NEXT:  For the Bucks: Wednesday vs. Cavaliers, Friday vs. Bobcats, Saturday vs. Trail Blazers. For the Wizards: Wednesday vs. Pacers, Thursday @ Pistons, Friday @ Nets  