Notebook: Mavericks 100, Timberwolves 98 
 
 
 Peter Kapsner, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Dec 31, 2013 12:02 AM - Updated Tue Dec 31, 2013 12:02 AM 
 
 THE FACT: Shawn Marion  scored a season-high 32 points to give the Mavericks a three-game lead over the Timberwolves for the eighth seed in the Western Conference. 
 
 THE LEAD:  The Dallas Mavericks narrowly defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves 100-98 in a spirited contest Monday night at Target Center. Marion not only led the way on offense, but also saved the Mavericks (18-13) with a last-second, controversial defensive play as he prevented  Kevin Love  from getting off a potential game-winning 3-pointer. Love finished with 36 points for the Timberwolves (15-16), while  Dirk Nowitzk i chipped in 16 for the Mavs. 
 The teams exchanged substantial runs in the second and third quarters, leading to a tight fourth. Down two as time expired, Love's 3-point attempt was knocked aside by Marion in what looked like a clear foul. Love stood rooted to the court in disbelief even after both teams left for the locker room.  
 
 QUOTABLE I:  "He got fouled. I just wonder what that would have been if Nowitzki,  LeBron James , all the top players in the league. ... A guy reaches in on a last-second shot like that instead of challenging it. ... Maybe they don't understand Kevin is one of the top five players in the league."  
 -- Timberwolves coach  Rick Adelman 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Love's MVP campaign is in full force. He has now scored at least 30 points or had 10 rebounds in all 30 games he's played this season. This is the longest such streak since  Bill Walton  did it in his first 34 games for Portland in the 1976-77 season. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  After the Wolves came back from a 19-point deficit to force a tight fourth quarter, Marion gave the Mavs a bit of breathing room by draining back-to-back 3's, including one off a bobble. This put them up five with just under four minutes remaining and they were able to withstand the Wolves from there. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "That's an extension of what I used to do."  
 --  Shawn Marion ,  reflecting on how he dialed back the clock in hitting the big shots Monday night 
 
 
 HOT:  The 22nd-ranked Mavericks defense held the second-rated Wolves offense to 98 points. This is the second straight game they've held their opponent under 100 points. Dallas is 12-2 when accomplishing this feat.  
 
 NOT:  The Wolves' bench was abysmal, getting outscored 26-5 while committing nine turnovers -- including five by  J.J. Barea.  
 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "We need to get our bench going. ... Five points is just not okay."  
 --  Kevin Love 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:   Rick Carlisle  continues to give  Brandan Wright  solid minutes as he works his way back from injury. Wright scored 14 points in 18 minutes, including 10 during a 4½-minute burst in the first half. 
 
 QUOTABLE IV:  "He's a big part of our team. One of our four-headed monster at center. ... His scoring is big."  --  Rick Carlisle  on  Wright's contributions 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  There was a lot of pregame buzz about NBA players copying the "Dirk" one-foot fade-away, including James,  Kevin Durant , and now Love. Love shot the Dirk imitation several times Monday night. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Nowitzki had five rebounds, but none offensively. He remains two short of the franchise record for offensive boards. ...  Nikola Pekovic  registered his fifth straight double-double. ...  Ricky Rubio  recorded his 1,000th career assist. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Wolves, Wednesday vs. New Orleans, Saturday vs. Oklahoma City, Monday @ Philadelphia. For the Mavericks, Wednesday @ Washington, Friday vs. L.A. Clippers, Sunday vs. New York. 
