
 Kings-Nets notebook   By Jimmy Spencer, for NBA.com Posted Saturday November 20, 2010 1:28AM THE FACTS:  The Sacramento Kings used their best defensive performance of the season to snap a six-game losing streak with a 86-81 home win against the New Jersey Nets. QUOTABLE:  "We all know what we have to do now. The man thing to do is play defense."   -- Sacramento guard  Tyreke Evans . THE STAT:  The Kings held the Nets to the lowest point total of any opponent thus far this season. The only other team the Kings held to less than 100 points was when Minnesota beat the Kings 98-89 on Nov. 10. TURNING POINT:  The Kings had been missing that big shot -- especially the big 3-pointer -- for much of the early season. But with 3.4 seconds remaining and balancing a two-point lead, Sacramento guard  Beno Udrih  struck with a 3-pointer to cement a Kings win. QUOTABLE II:  "It does feel especially good for a big shot to fall for our team. Making a big one like that is the best thing in the world."   -- Sacramento coach  Paul Westphal . HOT:  Kings forward  Carl Landry  is averaging 18.8 points in his last four games. On Friday, he scored 15 points and grabbed six rebounds. NOT:  At 45.7 percent, New Jersey shot a higher percentage from the field than Sacramento's 42.9 percent. But New Jersey was just 2-for-11 (18.2 percent) from behind the arc. Sacramento also grabbed 18 offensive rebounds. The Nets have now been held to under 85 points three times this season. GOOD MOVE:  Westphal distributed more minutes on Friday to defensive-minded players and it seemed to pay off. Sacramento's coach said prior to the game to expect a tighter rotation against the Nets. The victim of that rotation appeared to be second-year forward  Omri Casspi , who had been averaging 26.4 minutes per game.  Donte Greene , who had been used sparingly prior to the second half against the Knicks on Wednesday, took much of that time, playing 34 minutes. ROOKIE WATCH:   DeMarcus Cousins  is slowly becoming a focal point of the Kings' offense. The rookie big man is earning touches on the block and around the free-throw line, and is being given opportunities to attack the rim and get to the free throw line. After making one free throw to give the Kings an 81-79 lead with just more than a minute left, he missed the second but grabbed his own offensive rebound. It led to an Evans made jumper to give Sacramento a four-point advantage. Cousins finished with eight points and 10 rebounds in 29 minutes. He managed to stay in the game after picking up two early fouls, finishing the game with just the two. NOTABLE:  The Kings trailed to the Nets 46-43 at halftime. They still have never led at halftime all season long. ...  Kris Humphries  had a team-high 18 points on 9-for-12 shooting for the Nets. ... Evans had a game-high 20 points. UP NEXT:  For the Nets, Saturday at Denver, Tuesday vs. Atlanta, Wednesday at Boston. For the Kings, Sunday vs. New Orleans, Monday at Utah, Thursday at Clippers. 
