Notebook: Grizzlies 103, Raptors 82 
 
 
 Marlon W. Morgan, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Nov 28, 2012 11:45 PM - Updated Wed Nov 28, 2012 11:45 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:  After another lackluster first half against a team with a sub-.500 record, the Memphis Grizzlies woke up in the second half, turned up their defensive pressure, and ran past the Toronto Raptors Wednesday night, 103-82, at FedEsForum. The Grizzlies used a balance attack as five players scored in double figures, led by reserve forward  Marreese Speights , who tied his season highs of 18 points and 12 rebounds. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "The last practice I went at it hard, and this morning in shoot around I went hard, just knowing that the last game I only played five minutes and I wanted to get on the court. ... I just went into it with a better attitude and my teammates told me to play with a lot of confidence. My confidence was lacking in the past, but tonight I feel like my confidence came back."  
 -- Grizzlies' Marreese Speights 
 
 THE STAT:  The Grizzlies led 48-47 at the half, but used an 11-1 run to start the second half, which was jump started by their defense, to put the game out of reach.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Grizzlies allowed Toronto to shoot 47 percent in the first half after spending most of the half above 50 percent. But they tightened things up in the second half, particularly in the third quarter when they held the Raptors to 23.5 percent shooting (4-for-17) and just 14 points. Meanwhile, the Grizzlies shot 72 percent in the quarter which led to 33 points. 
 
 HOT:  Grizzlies forward  Zach Randolph  was efficient in the post, scoring 17 points on 7-for-10 shooting from the floor. Randolph also grabbed a game-high 13 rebounds to record his 12th double-double in 13 games this season. He also found time to dish out six assists. 
 
 NOT:  Toronto came into the game as one of just three teams in the NBA with three players averaging 17 or more points. None of those players reached that plateau.  Andrea Bargnani  did not play due to a sore ankle, but  DeMar DeRozen  was held to 16 and  Kyle Lowry  had just 12. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We kind of ran out of juice in the third quarter, but they are very professional players. That is what they are supposed to do. It hurts, but it should hurt when you get spanked like that. At the same time, this group has bounced back before and I know they will bounce back again."  
 -- Toronto coach  Dwane Casey 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  The Grizzlies were without the services of reserve forward  Darrell Arthur , who dressed but did not play because of a sore knee. He is expected to return for Friday's game against Detroit. ... Raptors forward  Quincy Acy  didn't make any friends at FedExForum Tuesday night. First, he committed a flagrant-1 foul on  Rudy Gay  late in the fourth quarter that caused Gay to get a technical foul. Then, with 15.8 seconds left in the game, he got away with pushing  Josh Selby , who retaliated and was called for a technical foul. ... Grizzlies' center  Hamed Haddadi  played in just his second game of the season. He scored his first basked of the season on his only shot attempt and played a season-high seven minutes. ... Toronto forward  Linus Kleiza  had 11 points in the first half on 5-for-13 shooting. In the second half, he was held scoreless, missing his only two shot attempts. ... Grizzlies center  Marc Gasol  had his streak of 33 consecutive free throws made snapped in the second quarter. That left him one shy of  Anthony Peeler 's 15-year franchise record. ... After missing Monday's game against Cleveland with the flu, Grizzlies point guard  Mike Conley  returned with 16 points, including 4-for-6 from 3-point range. He also had five assists, two steals and two blocked shots. ... Toronto's  Ed Davis  made his first start of the season in place of Bargnani. He scored 10 points and led the Raptors with six rebounds. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Raptors, Friday vs. Phoenix, Monday at Denver, Wednesday at Sacramento. For the Grizzlies, Friday vs. Detroit, Saturday at San Antonio, Tuesday vs. Phoenix. 
