
 Jazz-Nuggets notebook   By Micheal Kelly, for NBA.com Posted Thursday October 28, 2010 12:59AM THE FACTS:   Carmelo Anthony  had 23 points and seven rebounds and  Arron Afflalo  added 22 points as the Denver Nuggets welcomed back head coach  George Karl  with a 110-88 rout of the Utah Jazz in the season opener for both teams Wednesday night. Deron Williams  led the Jazz with 17 points and  Paul Millsap  had 15. Karl, who missed the last month of the 2009-10 season and the postseason while undergoing treatment for throat and neck cancer, saw his team take a 9-0 lead and never trail.  Chauncey Billups  had 14 points and eight assists and newcomer  Al Harrington  had 10 points off the bench. QUOTABLE:  He's such a big piece to this puzzle. It's good to see him come out and set the tone." -- Billups, on Afflalo's strong play. THE STAT:  The Jazz didn't look sharp on offense, committing 22 turnovers that led to 19 Denver points. TURNING POINT:  Afflalo had 12 points in the first half and sparked a key run that extended the Nuggets' lead in the second quarter. Afflalo came back into the game with Denver leading 30-24 and made an immediate impact. The fourth-year guard snuck in and grabbed  Nene 's missed layup and beat the shot clock with a layup. On Denver's next possession he drove to the bucket for a layup and drew a foul. His free throw made it 45-28 and Utah never got within 13 again. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Former Nuggets center and longtime NBA player  Dikembe Mutombo  returned to Pepsi Center to deliver the game ball before tip-off. QUOTABLE II:  "Let's give credit to Denver, but the season's not over." -- Jazz coach  Jerry Sloan , on the opening-night loss. HOT:  The Nuggets are expecting big things from Afflalo this season, and in the opener he didn't disappoint. Afflalo has earned a reputation as a tough defender but Wednesday he came through with 20 points on 8-for-11 shooting, and he was 3-for-5 from 3-point range. NOT:  Utah. After blistering through the preseason 8-0, the Jazz looked flat in the season opener. They missed their first five shots and had three turnovers before scoring a point. The closest they were all game was 15-11 with 4:32 left in the first half and never seriously threatened after that. GOOD MOVE:  Karl went with  Shelden Williams  as the starting power forward over Harrington and was rewarded with a game-high 16 rebounds from Williams. BAD MOVE:   Andrei Kirilenko  was mostly invisible in this one. He missed all four of his shots from the field and finished with two points and three rebounds. ROOKIE WATCH:  Utah reserve forward  Gordon Hayward , a key player on Butler's surprising run to the NCAA title game last spring, had nine points and five rebounds in his first NBA game. NOTABLE:  Karl was forced to go to his bench quicker than expected. Nuggets center Nene left 2:04 into the game because he was poked in the eye. Billups cut his bottom lip 1:18 later. Both returned before the end of the first half. UP NEXT:  For the Jazz, Thursday vs. Phoenix, Sunday @ Oklahoma City, Wednesday vs. Toronto. For the Nuggets, Thursday at New Orleans, Saturday at Houston, Wednesday vs. Dallas. 
