Notebook: Wizards 96, Bulls 93 
 
 
 Rich Dubroff, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Jan 17, 2014 11:54 PM - Updated Fri Jan 17, 2014 11:54 PM 
 
 THE FACT:   The Washington Wizards reached .500 for the third time this season with a win over the Chicago Bulls. Washington hasn't been over .500 since Oct. 31, 2009. 
 
 THE LEAD:   John Wall  scored 23 points and had 11 assists to lead six Wizards in double figures as Washington beat Chicago 96-93 on Friday night. It was the third straight win for Washington. The Wizards will try to go over .500 on Saturday night against Detroit.  Martell Webster  and  Bradley Beal  each had 14. Washington held the Bulls, who had won six of their previous seven, to just one field goal in the final 5:16.  Marcin Gortat 's field goal with 4:28 to play gave the Wizards a 92-91 lead.  
 
 Kirk Hinrich  led Chicago with 18. D.J. Augustin had 16.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I don't know how the heck it went in. I surprised myself." 
 -- Wall on an acrobatic shot he made as he was falling backward and being fouled by the Bulls'  Mike Dunleavy .  
 
 
 THE STAT:   Chicago missed eight of its final nine field goals. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Two nights after playing a triple-overtime game, the Bulls had a chance to force another one, but  Jimmy Butler , who played 60 minutes on Wednesday, tried a 3-pointer as time expired. Nene didn't let him get the ball off. 
 Dunleavy was originally going to shoot it, but Wall got in his way. 
 "I got open. But unfortunately we were a little too close to the sideline. The inbounders' guy jumped to me and I didn't have a shot ... With 10 seconds left it's different than having like two or three, when you just want to get a look. Ten seconds is a lot of time. You can get a two there. I just wasn't going to chuck one up," Dunleavy said.   
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We were gonna try Mike. When he threw the ball to me, I was caught off guard by it. I think everybody was." 
 -- Butler on getting the ball unexpectedly with time running out.  
 
 
 HOT:  Wall was 9-for-15 from the field including that circus shot.  
 
 NOT:   Nene , who had the key block, who came into the game with a field goal percentage of exactly .500, missed 12 of his 15 shots from the field.  
 
 GOOD MOVE:   Nene and Wall switched off. Wall blocked Dunleavy's way and he tossed the ball to Butler. Nene stuffed Butler's shot to end the game.  
 
 BAD MOVE:  Butler inadvisably trying to throw up a shot at the buzzer.  
 
 NOTABLE:  Both teams were trying for .500. Chicago hadn't been at the break-even point since Nov. 27. Washington has lost the three times it's been at .500 this season. 
 
 IN THE ARENA:   Attorney General  Eric Holder , who often comes to Wizards games, came to the locker room to congratulate the winners.   
 
 UP NEXT:   For the Bulls: Saturday vs. Philadelphia, Monday vs. Los Angeles Lakers, Tuesday @ Cleveland. For the Wizards: Saturday vs. Detroit, Monday vs. Philadelphia, Wednesday vs. Boston 
