Notebook: Pelicans 105, Jazz 98 
 
 
 Bradley Handwerger, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Nov 20, 2013 11:35 PM - Updated Wed Nov 20, 2013 11:35 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  Utah has allowed at least 100 points in eight of the team's 13 games, losing seven of those contests. 
 
 THE LEAD:  One week later and the New Orleans Pelicans finally figured out how to beat the Jazz 
 Seven days after New Orleans gave up a 16-point third-quarter lead to the then-winless Jazz, the Pelicans held on with a late lead, beating Utah 105-98 at the New Orleans Arena. 
 
 Anthony Davis  once again flirted with a triple-double, finishing with a game-high 22 points, nine rebounds and eight blocks to pace New Orleans to its second straight win. 
 Utah's only win came against these Pelicans (5-6) and they haven't been close to getting another win since, dropping one game to the Spurs and two straight to Golden State. 
 The Jazz (1-12) couldn't figure out a way to stop Davis and  Ryan Anderson  in the final five minutes. They combined for nine of New Orleans' final 13 points, with Davis adding three rebounds and a block. Anderson finished with 19 points off the bench. 
 It didn't help that Utah's leading scorer,  Gordon Hayward,  couldn't get going, finishing with only six points. A week after he found his way to the free-throw line for 14 attempts, he got only four Wednesday night. 
 New Orleans got to the free throws for 13 more shots than did Utah and turned 15 turnovers into 18 points.  
 For New Orleans,  Jrue Holiday  had 14 points and four assists, while  Tyreke Evans  contributed 13 points and five rebounds off the bench. 
 
 Enes Kanter  led Utah with 19 points and nine boards while  John Lucas III  had a season-high 14 points on 5 of 8 shooting, hitting four 3-pointers. 
 
 QUOTABLE : "You have to grow up. This is who we have and this is who we are going to be. We can't manufacture anyone else to put on the floor."  --  Utah coach  Tyrone Corbin  on if his young team lost its composure. 
 
 
 THE STAT:  33.3 -- The Jazz's 3-point percentage Wednesday night. While it's better than their season average, it doomed them when factoring in number of attempts. Utah took 24 long-range shots and made only eight. Nearly 30 percent of Utah's shots came from beyond the arc. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Pelicans used an 11-2 run to begin the fourth quarter to finally put some distance between them and Utah. It began with a driving layup by Evans and concluded with a wide open 3-pointer by Anderson. Utah called timeout to stem the onslaught, but never found a way to get back within five points of New Orleans. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "The natural tendency is to say to yourself, 'Oh man, here we go.' "  --  Pelicans coach  Monty Williams  on his thoughts when Utah pulled to within two points in the fourth quarter. 
 
 
 HOT:  After missing the first nine Pelicans games due to a toe injury, New Orleans' Anderson has started his season 16 of 25 shooting while recording 45 points. He's 10 of 16 from 3-point range so far. 
 
 NOT:  Hayward led the Jazz to a win over New Orleans on Nov. 13 with 27 points. Wednesday night, however, he had a hard time getting going. He finished just 1 of 17 and shot only four free throws. He also went 0-for-8 from 3-point range. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Utah rookie  Trey Burke  played in his first game after missing the first 12 with a broken finger. He went 5 of 8 and finished with 11 points. ... The Pelicans' Davis has 14 blocked shots in his past six quarters. ... Hayward's 11 assists were a career high . ... The teams combined to shoot 6 of 25 to begin the game. ... The Pelicans entered the game fifth in the NBA in free-throw shooting (78.7 percent) but hit only 60.6 percent Wednesday night. ... New Orleans'  Austin Rivers  set a season-high for assists with four. His previous high was three against Utah on Nov. 13. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Pelicans, Friday vs. Cleveland, Monday @ San Antonio, Tuesday vs. Golden State. For the Jazz, Friday @ Dallas, Sunday @ Oklahoma City, Monday vs. Chicago. 
