
 Nuggets-Mavericks notebook   By Dave Ivey, for NBA.com Posted Sunday November 7, 2010 12:14AM THE FACTS:  The short-handed, shorter-statured Nuggets spread the floor and shot the lights out from downtown Saturday in a 103-92 victory against the Mavericks in Dallas.  Carmelo Anthony  paced five Denver players in double figures with 27 points and  Chauncey Billups  added 18. QUOTABLE:  "They are a unique team with their shot-making ability and they can just rise up on you like very few other teams can. Two things: We weren't close enough to them, and they made shots. ... Thirteen 3s and we turn it over 21 times -- it's going to be a losing formula."   --  Mavericks head coach  Rick Carlisle THE STAT : The Nuggets shot 61.9 percent (13-for-21) from 3-point distance, with six different players draining at least one trey. The Mavericks shot 26.7 percent (4-for-15). TURNING POINT:  The game was knotted at 79-79 after three quarters, but Denver nabbed six of its 16 steals in the fourth quarter and forced eight turnovers in the decisive period -- five by  Dirk Nowitzki . Nowitzki was shut out in the fourth and finished with 23 points and seven turnovers. HOT : Mavericks guard  Jason Terry  knocked down his first six shots and was 9-for-10 in the first half, including 2-for-2 from 3-point distance. He scored 23 in the first half, a career best for a single half, and finished with a team-high 26 points. NOT:  The Mavs dropped to 1-2 at home with their second straight loss at the American Airlines Center. The team had stressed the importance of winning at home after going 28-13 last season, the third-worst home record among Western Conference playoff teams. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT : After failing to score more than 20 points in each of his last four games against Dallas, Anthony scored 15 in the third quarter alone. He was a perfect 4-for-4 from 3-point range and added five rebounds, four assists and four steals.  J.R. Smith  also filled up the box score with 11 points, six rebounds, five assists and five steals off the bench. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Fresh off the first World Series appearance in franchise history, Texas Rangers pitcher Derek Holland got a nice round of applause when he was shown on the big screen at the AAC. ROOKIE WATCH:  Denver forward  Gary Forbes  made his second start replacing injured center  Nene ( groin) and registered eight points. He made both attempts from beyond the arc. NOTABLE:  Denver's bench outscored the Dallas reserves 40-19, with Smith, Al Harrington (14) and Dave Ivey, for NBA.com (10) scoring in double figures. UP NEXT:  For the Nuggets, Monday @ Chicago, Tuesday @ Indiana, Thursday vs. Lakers. For the Mavericks, Monday vs. Boston, Wednesday @ Memphis, Friday vs. Philadelphia. 
