
 Pistons-Wizards notebook   By Rich Dubroff, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday April 5, 2011 11:07PM THE FACTS :  John Wall's  driving dunk with 14.8 seconds to play lifted the Washington Wizards to a 107-105 win over the Detroit Pistons on Tuesday. Wall had 16 of his 26 points in the fourth quarter as the Wizards won their third straight game for the first time in three years. He also had 12 assists. Andray Blatche  also had 26 points along with 10 rebounds for Washington.  Maurice Evan s had 20 and  Jordan Crawford  had 17. The Pistons'  Austin Daye  had a chance to win the game with a 3-pointer, but it spun out at the buzzer.  Greg Monroe  had 22 points and 14 rebounds to lead Detroit, who lost for the fourth straight time. Four Pistons had 14 points:   Daye , Will Bynum,   Tracy McGrady  and  Tayshaun Prince . QUOTABLE:  "Oh man, it seems like a long time ago, but it's not."   -Wall when he was told he was a junior in high school the last time the Wizards won three straight. THE STAT:  The last Washington three-game streak came from Apr. 4-9, 2008. "We lost enough tough ones, so we deserve a little bit of luck," Wizards coach  Flip Saunders  said. TURNING POINT:   Wall was just 2 for 10 from the field in the first three quarters and made four of five in the fourth quarter. He hit eight of 10 free throws as he took over the game. QUOTABLE II:  "Man -- it's not supposed to happen like that."   --Daye on missing the game-winning shot. HOT:  Wall in the fourth quarter. Evans had 10 straight points for Washington to end the second and start the third quarter. NOT:  One night after watching Connecticut defeat Butler for the NCAA championship, Detroit's  Richard Hamilton  had a horrible shooting night, making just 1 of 11. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Wall continued his all-around great play with 26 points, 12 assists, six rebounds and four steals, impressing his coaches and rivals, too. "He just kept getting into the paint. It's what we didn't want him to do," Pistons guard  Ben Gordon  said. GOOD MOVE:  Wall hustling all over the court with six games left in a lost season.The great ones-they don't know what time of the season it is," Saunders said about his excellent late-season play. BAD MOVE:  Whatever  Rodney Stuckey  did to annoy Pistons' coach  John Kuester . For the second straight game, Stuckey, Detroit's leading scorer, didn't play. He declined comment after the game.. ROOKIE WATCH:  Because of injuries, the Wizards are left with just nine healthy players, and four of them are rookies. Besides Wall and Crawford,  Kevin Seraphin  had two points in eight minutes and  Mustafa Shakur  didn't score. Monroe's 22 points, 14 rebounds and four assists were five points, three rebounds and an assist short of his season-best. His four steals equaled a career-high. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Monroe, who played his college ball for Georgetown at the Verizon Center, received just a tepid welcome as he returned to play his first game as a professional. Because of the vagaries of the NBA schedule, he hadn't played here in 13 months. NOTABLE:  Gordon was hit on his left knee late in the second quarter and didn't return. He's the only Piston to play in each of his team's games, and hopes to play Wednesday against New Jersey. UP NEXT:  For the Pistons: Wednesday vs. Nets, Friday vs. Bucks, Sunday @ Bobcats 'For the Wizards: Wednesday @ Pacers, Friday @ Celtics, Saturday vs. Hawks 
