  Bulls-Pistons notebook   By Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com Posted Friday April 1, 2011 11:25PM THE FACTS:   Derrick Rose  had 27 points, seven assists and four steals as the Chicago Bulls defeated the Detroit Pistons for the 11th straight time 101-96 Friday night at The Palace. The Bulls maintained a 2 ½ game lead over Miami and increased it to three games over Boston in the fight for the Eastern Conference's top playoff seed. The Pistons, who were officially eliminated from playoff contention, got 30 points from  Richard Hamilton . QUOTABLE:  "That's our goal. We want to get the highest seed possible. We've got seven games to get it done. I'm looking forward to playing every game."    -- Bulls forward  Carlos Boozer  on trying to finish with the best conference record. THE STAT:  20 turnovers, 27 points. Chicago's top-rated field-goal percentage defense allowed the Pistons to shoot 52 percent from the field but made up for it by forcing turnovers. The Pistons committed a season-high 20, leading to 27 Bulls points. Chicago collected 14 steals, two shy of its season high. TURNING POINT:  Rose got rolling late in the first quarter during a 10-0 Bulls run. He fed  Luol Deng  for a layup, then stole a Hamilton pass and made two free throws. He followed that with an old-fashioned three-point play after a  Ronnie Brewer  steal and finished the outburst with a 3-pointer. That gave Chicago a 10-point lead and it never trailed again. QUOTABLE II:  "Dennis, you've been to a lot of places, but there's no place like home."   -- Ex-Piston  Isiah Thomas  on ex-Piston and ex-Bull  Dennis Rodman , who was honored during a halftime ceremony. HOT:  Boozer had a strong all-around performance, contributing 22 points, eight rebounds, seven assists and three steals. His assist total tied his season high. Boozer scored nine third-quarter points and made a pivotal three-point play with 2:22 remaining after the Pistons pulled within three points. NOT:  Detroit's leading scorer this season,  Rodney Stuckey , opted to come off the bench instead of replacing  Tracy McGrady , who had tired legs. Stuckey was ineffective, supplying just two points and three assists while also committing a pair of turnovers. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Hamilton averaged a team-high 16.7 points during the month of March and got off to a roaring start in April. He made 9 of 14 field goal attempts and 11 of 12 free throws while reaching the 30-point mark for the second time this season. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Rodman had his No. 10 jersey raised to the rafters during a halftime ceremony. Rodman had not appeared at The Palace since he retired. Fellow Bad Boys Thomas,  Joe Dumars ,  James Edwards ,  John Salley ,  Vinnie Johnson  and  Rick Mahorn  took part in the celebration. "It's surprising to me," Rodman said. "I just feel like I didn't deserve to have my number retired because I didn't do as much as I should have." Rookie  Greg Monroe  will continue to wear No. 10 but no future Piston will wear the jersey. Rodman reportedly will be elected to the Naismith Basketball Hall of Fame. ROOKIE WATCH:  Monroe had six points, nine rebounds and three steals in 36 minutes. He failed to reach double digits for just the fourth time in the last 19 games. NOTABLE:  The Pistons have failed to make the playoffs the last two seasons. That's their longest drought since a three-season stretch during the mid-1990s (1992-93, 1993-94, 1994-95). ... Detroit hasn't defeated Chicago since Dec. 23, 2008. ... Rose averaged 29.5 points in the four-game sweep over the Pistons. ... Bulls center  Joakim Noah  missed his second straight game with a right ankle sprain.  Kurt Thomas  started in his place and finished with four points, eight rebounds and three steals. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Saturday vs. Toronto, Tuesday vs. Phoenix, Thursday vs. Boston. For the Pistons, Sunday @ Boston, Tuesday @ Washington, Wednesday vs. New Jersey.  