
 Wizards-Sixers notebook   By Andy Jasner, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday February 23, 2011 10:34PM THE FACTS:   Jrue Holiday  led seven 76ers in double figures with a team-high 20 points in their 117-94 rout of the Washington Wizards on Wednesday.  Thaddeus Young  was solid off the bench with 18 points and 10 rebounds. The Sixers built a 36-point lead and cruised to the victory, putting them at 28-29. Not bad after a 3-13 start this season. During the game, the Wizards traded guard  Kirk Hinrich  and forward  Hilton Armstrong  to the Atlanta Hawks for guards  Mike Bibby  and  Jordan Crawford , forward  Maurice Evans  and a 2011 first-round draft choice.  John Wall  paced the Wizards with 21 points and 12 assists while  Trevor Booker  scored 17 of his 21 points in the fourth quarter. The Wizards have lost 12 of their last 14 games. QUOTABLE:  "Anytime you have players traded, guys are wondering what's going on."   -- Wizards coach  Flip Saunders THE STAT:  For the third time in the past four games, the Sixers have placed seven players in double figures. TURNING POINT:  The Sixers broke open the game in the third quarter by outscoring the Wizards 34-15. HOT:  Holiday was 8-or-12 for the Sixers while knocking down both free throws. NOT:   JaVale McGee  missed all four shots from the field in 12 minutes for the Wizards. QUOTABLE II:  "We lost to these guys twice before. We knew we had to keep on them and pick up this victory. Every win from here on out is big."   -- Sixers forward  Elton Brand FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Not only did Young record a double-double for Philadelphia, but he was 8-for-8 from the free-throw line while adding two steals. INSIDE THE ARENA:  There were a number of empty seats for this game -- not surprising considering the Wizards entered with a 15-40 record. However, Pennsylvania Gov.  Ed Rendell  took in the action courtside. QUOTABLE III:  "It was a pretty tough thing to hear. Kirk's a veteran guy who taught me an awful lot about NBA basketball. I'll really miss him. And Hilton was a good friend, too. I wish them both well."    -- John Wall on trades taking place before the deadline GOOD MOVE:  Sixers coach  Doug Collins  stuck with Young for most of the third. Young's energy was evident as the Sixers built a commanding 24-point lead. BAD MOVE:   Rashard Lewis  only played 12 minutes for the Wizards. He's too good of an offensive player to be on the bench that long. ROOKIE WATCH:  Wall, the Wizards' No. 1 overall pick from Kentucky, had 21 points, 12 assists and five rebounds. Rookie forward  Trevor Booker  added 21 points, tying his career-high.  Kevin Seraphin  was scoreless in 10 minutes. Sixers guard  Evan Turner , the No. 2 overall pick, had 15 points and eight rebounds. NOTABLE:  The Sixers have scored more than 100 points in eight of the past 11 games, including 110 points or more four times. UP NEXT:  For the Wizards, Friday @ Miami, Saturday vs. Dallas, Monday vs. Chicago. For the Sixers, Friday vs. Detroit, Sunday @ Cleveland, Tuesday vs. Dallas. 
