  Mavericks-Rockets notebook   By Matt Miller, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday April 12, 2011 12:39AM THE FACTS:  The Los Angeles Lakers need not look over their shoulders to find the Dallas Mavericks. Dallas has passed them in the Western Conference standings. The Mavericks snapped a three-game road losing streak and moved one-half game ahead of the Lakers for second place in the West with a 98-91 overtime victory over the Houston Rockets on Monday at Toyota Center. Although L.A. (55-25) can claim the West's No. 2 seed and home-court advantage through the second round of the playoffs by winning both of its remaining games, Dallas (56-25) needs only a win in Wednesday's season finale against New Orleans and one Laker loss to finish the season in second place. Dirk Nowtizki  scored 23 points and pulled down 12 rebounds, while  Shawn Marion  added 21 points for the Mavericks, who swept the season series with Houston for the first time since 2005-06.  Kevin Martin  poured in 28 points to pace the Rockets (42-39), who played without starters  Kyle Lowry  (sore left foot) and  Luis Scola  (sore left knee). QUOTABLE:  "No, not necessarily. I never cheer for them."   -- Dallas guard  Jason Terry  on whether he plans to cheer for the Spurs when they play the Lakers on Tuesday. THE STAT:  The Mavericks gave Houston numerous second-chance opportunities, allowing 17 offensive rebounds, but the Rockets could not cash in on those extra looks. Houston netted nine second-chance points -- one fewer than Dallas, which pulled down only six offensive boards.  TURNING POINT:  Houston had made only one bucket over the last seven-plus minutes when  Gordan Dragic  found  Courtney Lee  cutting to the basket for an easy two. Lee nailed the layup after drawing a foul and sank the free throw to give the Rockets an 86-85 lead with 10.8 seconds left in regulation. On Dallas' next possession, Terry baited  Chuck Hayes  into a shooting foul with 1.5 seconds remaining. Terry, however, could not connect on the second free-throw attempt, sending the game into overtime. TURNING POINT II:  Terry redeemed himself in the extra session by nailing a pair of jumpers that gave the Mavericks breathing room and two free throws that sealed the deal. The undermanned Rockets, meanwhile, continued to throw up bricks as they shot 2-for-12 in overtime. QUOTABLE II:  "The game was all about trying to establish some momentum and some traction. ... Fortunately, we played some of our best minutes of the game during overtime."   -- Dallas coach  Rick Carlisle HOT:  Marion's stellar month of April continued Monday, as the 6-foot-7 forward shot 10-for-14 to go with four boards and four assists. In six games this month, Marion has averaged 18.8 points on 60.5 percent (52-for-86) shooting. NOT:   Jason Kidd  still has not recaptured his rhythm from the perimeter, finishing 0-for-5 from 3-point range. The veteran point guard has made just four of 30 attempts (13.3 percent) from long range over his last six games. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  With Lowry sidelined, Dragic has filled the void with back-to-back double-doubles. Dragic is averaging 14.5 points, 10.0 rebounds, 7.0 assists and 2.5 steals in two games as a starter. ROOKIE WATCH:  Houston forward  Patrick Patterson  provided the Rockets with quality minutes on the defensive end and remained active on the glass. He scored eight points on 3-for-8 shooting, grabbed five rebounds and handed out one assist. NOTABLE:  Dallas will finish the regular season with a 28-13 road record. The Miami Heat are the only team with a chance to match the Mavericks' win total away from home this season. ... Dallas has won nine of its last 12 meetings with the Rockets in Houston. ... The Mavericks halted the Rockets' 18-game winning streak when limiting opponents to less than 100 points. ... Dallas improved to 13-3 this season when Nowitzki posts a double-double. ... Houston lost at home for only the second time this season when allowing less than 103 points. ... The Rockets have matched a single-season franchise record for most overtime losses (six) in a season. ... Martin has drained at least one 3-pointer in 15 consecutive games. ... Lee snatched a career-high tying eight rebounds. UP NEXT:  For the Mavericks, Wednesday vs. New Orleans (ESPN), NBA playoffs. For the Rockets, Wednesday @ Minnesota.  