Notebook: Heat 97, Nuggets 94 
 
 
 Michael Kelly, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Dec 31, 2013 1:48 AM - Updated Tue Dec 31, 2013 1:48 AM 
 
 THE FACT: LeBron James  returned from missing a game with a groin injury to record his third double-double of the season and the 258th of his career. 
 
 THE LEAD:  James celebrated his 29th birthday with 26 points and 10 assists,  Chris Bosh  added 17 points on 8-for-12 shooting and the Miami Heat ended 2013 with a 97-94 win over the Denver Nuggets on Monday night. 
 
 Dwyane Wade  had 12 points for the Heat (24-7) before sitting out the second half with back spasms and  Ray Allen  scored 13 points off the bench, including a big shot in the final two minutes that gave the Heat a three-point lead.  Ty Lawson  had 26 points and  J.J. Hickson  added 12 points and 11 rebounds for the Nuggets (14-16), who have lost seven straight for the first time in 11 seasons. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "Special? It was not special. It's special to go out there with my teammates and be back in uniform, help them win a ballgame on the road."  
 -- Miami' s   LeBron James , on playing on his birthday after missing one game because of a groin injury 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Miami 21, Denver 0: The combined score to start each half over a span totaling 5:57.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  With Wade out at crunch time,  Michael Beasley  was on the court as Miami tried to hold on in the end. When the defense collapsed on James, he kicked it out to Beasley at the top of the circle, and the forward drained a 3-pointer to give the Heat a 96-92 lead with 30 seconds left. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I trust my teammates. Whoever's on the floor, if they're open they're going to get the ball. It happened to be Beasley." 
 -- LeBron James 
 
 
 HOT:  Bosh was efficient throughout but especially in the second half. He went 5-for-7 and scored 11 points to help the Heat finish the road trip 3-1. 
 
 NOT:  The Nuggets are struggling for consistency and an identity. They are averaging 92 points a game on this losing streak and they are having trouble starting games and quarters.  
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "Those guys made plays and we missed a couple of shots at the end, and that was all she wrote. Obviously, we're on a seven-game losing streak, but hopefully we can turn this thing around. We're trying to put it together."  
 -- Nuggets forward  Darrell Arthur 
 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  Colorado Rockies All-Star outfielder Carlos Gonzalez was courtside for the game. During a timeout in the fourth quarter he stood up to take a halfcourt shot. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  The Heat defense on the last play of the game sealed the win. Denver had a chance to inbound the ball with 1.8 seconds left for a final shot, but Miami's coverage forced a five-second call and foiled the Nuggets' final opportunity. 
 
 QUOTABLE IV:  "He didn't want me to get nowhere near the ball."  
 --  Ty Lawson , on LeBron James guarding him on the final inbound play 
 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Miami's  Norris Cole  went hard to the floor after he was fouled by Lawson early in the third quarter. Cole's head slammed off the floor and he had to be helped to the locker room.  Joel Anthony  came in and hit two free throws for Cole. 
 
 QUOTABLE V:  "He's fine and he could've gone back in. He's going to have a fat lip tomorrow. If that's not an endorsement to wear your mouth guard I don't know what is."  
 -- Heat coach  Erik Spoelstra  on Norris Cole's injury 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  Bosh was named the NBA Eastern Conference Player of the Week after averaging 22.3 points and 8.0 rebounds in four games. He also hit the game-winning 3-pointer with 0.5 seconds left against Portland on Saturday. ... The Nuggets scored a season-low four points off turnovers. ... Miami shot better than 50 percent for the ninth time in its last 12 games. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Thursday vs. Golden State, Saturday @ Orlando, Sunday vs. Toronto. For the Nuggets, Wednesday vs. Philadelphia, Friday vs. Memphis, Sunday @ L.A. Lakers. 
