Notebook: Heat 98, Nuggets 93 
 
 
 Michael Kelly, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Nov 16, 2012 2:58 AM - Updated Fri Nov 16, 2012 9:23 AM 
 
 THE FACTS:   LeBron James  had 27 points and 12 assists,  Shane Battier  was 6-for-7 from 3-point range on his way to 18 points and the Miami Heat ended more than a decade of futility in Denver with a 98-93 win over the Nuggets on Thursday. 
 
 Mike Miller  had 14 points for the Heat, who snapped a 10-game losing streak in Denver despite not having guard  Dwyane Wade , who sat out with a strained right foot. 
 
 Andre Miller  scored 19 points and nearly brought the Nuggets back from 19 down.  JaVale McGee  had 18 points and  Kenneth Faried  scored 16 and grabbed a career-high 20 rebounds. 
 
 QUOTABLE:   "This is a tough building to play in, especially when you get in at five in the morning."  
 
 --  James 
 
 THE STAT:  The Nuggets hurt themselves with poor 3-point defense and another bad night at the foul line. Miami hit 13-for-27 from long range and it again missed crucial free throws. It's 30th in the league in foul shooting. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  After trimming a 19-point deficit to one,  Ty Lawson  had a chance to give Denver its first lead of the game. He hit a runner in the lane that was negated when Battier drew the offensive foul. Denver never took the lead. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:   "The first quarter, that was pretty much the deciding point of the game. And them knocking down 3s. You've got Wade out and you surround LeBron James with 3-point shooters and they knock them down."  
 
 --  Miller  
 
 HOT:  Battier stayed outside on offense and it paid off for him and the Heat. The forward hit his first three from long range and only took 3-pointers in the first three quarters, hitting 5-for-6.  
 
 HOT II:  McGee doesn't get many plays run for him but he makes the most of his touches. In the fourth quarter he scored six points during a 17-4 Denver run, including a running hook as the shot clock expired. McGee has built on his playoff performance from the spring. 
 
 NOT:  The Nuggets' 3-point defense struggled against the Heat, which came into the game second in the league in shooting percentage from long range. Miami hit its first four shots from behind the arc in the third quarter to extend its halftime lead to 19. 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Faried continues to be a beast on the boards. He is averaging a double-double this season and nearly had that in the first half.  
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  Several Denver Broncos players were in attendance, including linebacker  Von Miller , running back  Willis McGahee  and cornerback  Champ Bailey , who was sporting a LeBron James sweatshirt. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  James evoked cheers from the fans who booed him at the start of the game when he blocked  Corey Brewer 's shot at one end and then finished an alley-oop at the other in the first quarter. He later heard cheers when  Kosta Koufas  blocked his drive into the front row early in the third quarter. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  With the Heat reeling and trying to hold on, the Nuggets had another shot at the lead with 1:05 left. But  Danilo Gallinari  jacked up a quick 3-pointer that missed and  Norris Cole  drained a 3 from the corner to seal the game.  
 
 QUOTABLE III:   "At that moment we were wearing them out a little bit, the momentum was on our side, keep attacking, that would be my choice. The hustle, the energy was on our side so don't go out of character. That was somewhat out of personality. We don't pull quick 3s."  
 
 -- Nuggets coach  George Karl 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  Heat point guard  Mario Chalmers  suffered a strained right triceps in the first quarter and didn't play after logging seven minutes. ... Heat coach  Erik Spoelstra  said Wade sitting out was a precautionary move and he's day-to-day. ... Nuggets forward  Wilson Chandler  sat with a sore left hip. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Saturday @ Phoenix, Wednesday vs. Milwaukee, Saturday vs. Cleveland. For the Nuggets, Saturday @ San Antonio, Monday @ Memphis, Wednesday @ Minnesota. 
