  Notebook: Heat 105, Bobcats 82 Posted Friday April 13, 2012 10:34PM THE FACTS:  The Miami Heat defeated the Charlotte Bobcats 105-82 Friday night at AmericanAirlines Arena. The Heat were led by  LeBron James ' 19 points while forward  Chris Bosh  added 18 points and seven rebounds. The Heat were playing without guard  Dwyane Wade , who was resting a sore ankle. Miami received a surprise effort off the bench from center  Dexter Pittman , who scored a season-high 16 points. Wade has now missed three games in the past two weeks. QUOTABLE:  "We have a resilient group and we were all very angry about [Thursday] night, in the moment, and that's the way it should be. If you don't feel the pain of a game like [Thursday] night, which we had a locker room full of a lot of pain, if you don't have that, you're not going to be able to go where you want to go. So, everybody felt it and today all it's about is getting up. We have to get up, collectively, bounce back. And that's what this league is all about."   -- Heat coach  Erik Spoelstra  said of the motivation entering after Thursday's loss to the Bulls. THE STAT:  The Heat shot 51 percent from the field while holding the Bobcats to 44 percent. TURNING POINT:  The Heat took control with a 22-9 run at the end of the first quarter. Miami never trailed again. HOT:  Bosh was 8 of 11 from the field, breaking free from his recent shooting slump. It was one of his most productive games since the All-Star break. NOT:  Bobcats guard  D.J. Augustin  shot just 1 of 7 from the field. Center  Byron Mullens  also made just 2 of 9 field goals. GOOD MOVE:  Without  Ronny Turiaf  (hamstring), the Heat turned to former starter  Joel Anthony . He finished with 10 points and five rebounds. BAD MOVE:  The Bobcats didn't get much from the backcourt. After the game, coach  Paul Silas  said the positive about the game was the play of forward  Derrick Brown . Charlotte needs more from its guards. UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Sunday @ New York, Monday @ New Jersey, Wednesday @ Toronto. For the Bobcats, Sunday vs. Boston, Monday vs. New Orleans, Wednesday vs. Chicago.  