Notebook: Trail Blazers 102, Knicks 91 
 
 
 Kerry Eggers, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Nov 26, 2013 3:02 AM - Updated Tue Nov 26, 2013 3:02 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  The   Portland Trail Blazers' 11-game win streak is tied for the fourth-best in franchise history, trailing only 1991 (16 games), 2007 (13) and 2002 (12). 
 
 THE LEAD: Nicolas Batum  led the way as Portland jumped to a 22-point halftime lead, saw the lead scissored to seven points in the late-going, then held on for a 102-91 victory over the New York Knicks Monday night at the Moda Center. 
 Batum totaled 23 points, seven rebounds and six assists for the Trail Blazers (13-2).  Damian Lillard  contributed 23 points and six assists,  LaMarcus Aldridge  had 18 points and 14 rebounds and  Wesley Matthews  added 17 points and six rebounds for Portland. Forward  Carmelo Anthony  dropped in 34 points with 15 rebounds for the Knicks (3-10), who lost for the sixth straight time. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "One of the things I've been concerned about was how we started games, especially defensively. I was really pleased with the way we set the tone in the first quarter, particularly at the defensive end, and maintained that throughout the first half." 
 
 -- Portland coach  Terry Stotts 
 
 
 TURNING POINT:  New York had closed a 22-point first-half lead to 81-74 early in the fourth quarter when the Blazers went on a 9-0 run. The Knicks cut the margin to seven again late in the game, but it was too little, too late. 
 
 HOT:  Batum scored 13 of his 23 points in the first quarter and made 8-for-12 shots from the field, including 3 of his 5 shots from 3-point range. 
 
 NOT:  New York's starting shooting guard,  Iman Shumpert , played 23 minutes without scoring a point, going 0-for-3 from the field. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "When you lose six in a row, you keep talking about effort. You can't coach effort, you can't teach effort -- that's just the game. If we don't come out and play hard, we're going to keep losing. If we keep losing, you know, make moves."  
 
 -- New York's  J.R. Smith , with a hint to the Knicks' front office 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Aldridge was 1-for-6 and scored four points in the first half, but kept after it, going to the basket often over the final 24 minutes. He scored 14 points on 6-for-14 shooting in the second half. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  The Knicks trailed 82-74 with 10 minutes left when  Amar'e Stoudemire  tried to dunk over  Joel Freeland . The ball bounced out past the free-throw line, where the Blazers scooped up the rebound and shoveled the ball ahead to Batum for a dunk the other way. 
 
 QUOTABLE III : "The game was kind of weird. We came out well, and then it was just one of those games where there wasn't a lot of energy in the game. But we stayed with it and got the win."  
 
 -- Aldridge 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  Stotts was victorious on his 56th birthday. ... Portland was without sixth man  Mo Williams , serving a one-game suspension for his involvement in a fracas during the Trail Blazers' 113-101 at Golden State Saturday night. In addition, Aldridge was fined $45,000 and Matthews $20,000 for their involvement in the incident. ... New York was minus injured starters  Raymond Felton  (hip) and  Tyson Chandler  (leg). Felton said he expects to be back in action against the Clippers Wednesday at Staples Center. Chandler isn't likely to return until Christmas time. ...  Before the game, New York coach  Mike Woodson  called Portland's starting five "as good as any unit in the league." ... Stotts and Woodson were teammates on the 1976 Indiana team that played Kentucky in the annual high school series. "I was at Bloomington High North, he was at Broad Ripple High [in Indianapolis]," Stotts said. "He was the star; I played a minute." Said Woodson: "Terry was a good player. Any time you make the Indiana all-star team, you have to be pretty good. Our team was loaded with a lot of talent, but we weren't expected to win the series against Kentucky, with Darrell Griffith and that group. But we won both games." 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Wednesday @ L.A. Clippers, Friday @ Denver, Monday vs. New Orleans. For the Trail Blazers, Wednesday @ Phoenix, Monday @ L.A. Lakers, Tuesday vs. Indiana. 
