  Notebook: Cavaliers 98, Nets 82   By Brian Dulik, for NBA.com Posted Sunday January 1, 2012 11:02PM THE FACTS:  Power forward  Antawn Jamison  scored a season-high 23 points, including three 3-pointers, as the Cleveland Cavaliers rallied for a 98-82 win over the New Jersey Nets. Shooting guard  Daniel Gibson  added 19 points off the bench, including five threes, as Cleveland outscored New Jersey 55-33 in the second half. Point guard  Deron Williams  collected 16 points and five assists for the Nets, who had all five starters score in double-figures but lost their fourth straight game. QUOTABLE:  "We had a really good run in the first half, but in the second half, they got hot from the 3-point line. Boy, they caught fire. They had a little more energy and bounce in their step coming out of halftime."   -- Nets coach  Avery Johnson THE STAT:  The Cavaliers made an NBA season-high 16 3-pointers on just 26 attempts (61.5 percent). Gibson buried 5-of-7 tries, while  Kyrie Irving  and  Alonzo Gee  joined Jamison with a trio of triples. "I'm still not convinced totally that we're a 3-point shooting team," Cleveland coach  Byron Scott  said. "But I think we have some guys that are capable of knocking down some threes on a consistent basis." The Cavaliers were 10-of-12 (83.3 percent) beyond the arc in the second half. TURNING POINT:  With New Jersey leading 52-45 two minutes into the third quarter, Irving made long 3-pointers on consecutive Cavaliers possessions. The first overall pick in the NBA Draft not only ignited the crowd, he ignited his entire team, which ended the game on a 53-30 run. "This is a great win for us," said Irving, who finished with 13 points, four rebounds and four assists. "It feels good to finally be on the board making NBA threes and helping my team." QUOTABLE II:  "We had a tough second half. We couldn't execute, but they did. We didn't help each other rotate on defense. We gave them wide-open looks, and they made them."   --  Mehmet Okur HOT:  Gibson is shooting a scorching .692 on 3-pointers to start the season, making 9-of-13 tries. "Boobie" is 14-of-26 on total field goal attempts (.538) and a perfect 2-of-2 from the foul line. "Coach Scott reminded me that every time I come in, there's never a guarantee how many minutes I'll play, and that I need to just dog whoever I'm playing against," Gibson said. "So I just try to make it a miserable night for whoever is in front of me." NOT:  Williams had his third six-turnover game of the season and is averaging 4.80 giveaways per game. He also shot 6-of-16 from the floor, which actually raised his field goal percentage to .375 on the campaign. "Moving forward, it's gonna be hard to start both point guards (Williams and Sundiata Gaines)," Johnson said. "It takes an enormous amount of energy for Deron to work defensively against those twos (shooting guards)." QUOTABLE III:  "If you're shooting a lot of stand-up, uncontested shots, your percentage is going to be a lot better. I'm not one to talk, though, since I missed all (four) of my 3-pointers tonight."   -- Cavaliers shooting guard  Anthony Parker GOOD MOVE:  Johnson only gave guard  MarShon Brooks , who entered the night as the NBA's top scoring rookie, 12 minutes off the bench. Brooks missed all three of his shots, failed to score, and looked out of sync at both ends of the court. "He just wasn't at his best tonight," Johnson said. "Things defensively gave him a few problems, but he'll bounce back." BAD MOVE:  The Nets went right at Cavaliers power forward  Tristan Thompson  four times early in the fourth period. The rookie from Texas responded by blocking all four New Jersey shots, though one of them was ruled goaltending. "When Tristan came in, he brought a new energy," Irving said. "It feels good to have another rookie contributing off the bench." NOTABLE:  The Cavaliers largest margin of victory last season was 12 points. Both of their wins in 2011-2012 have been by 16 points. ... Gibson, Jamison and Irving combined to go 8-of-8 on 3-pointers in the second half. ... Nets power forward  Kris Humphries  set career highs in free throws made (9) and attempted (11). He also was lustily jeered throughout the first half by the Cleveland crowd, likely because of his brief marriage to reality television star  Kim Kardashian . ... Cavaliers center  Anderson Varejao  grabbed a game-high 11 rebounds, while Cleveland point guard  Ramon Sessions  had a team season-best eight assists. UP NEXT:  For the Nets, Monday vs. Indiana, Wednesday @ Boston, Friday @ Toronto. For the Cavaliers, Tuesday vs. Charlotte, Wednesday @ Toronto, Friday @ Minnesota.  