Notebook: Jazz 105, Nuggets 103 
 
 
 Andrew Aragon, For NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Nov 27, 2012 1:14 AM - Updated Tue Nov 27, 2012 1:14 AM 
 
 THE FACTS : After a first half in which Utah seemingly couldn't stop anything Denver did, the Jazz recaptured their defensive and physical style of play just in time to stay perfect at home.  
    The Jazz (8-7) overcame a 16-point deficit to defeat the Nuggets 105-103 Monday night to improve to 6-0 at home.  Derrick Favors  made three free throws in two separate trips to the line in the final 41 seconds, and the Jazz prevented Denver (8-7) from taking a shot on its final possession to preserve the victory.  
     Favors scored a season-high 19 points and  Al Jefferson  had 28 points and five rebounds for the Jazz.  Jamaal Tinsley  also had a season-high 15 points and six assists for Utah.  
 
     Kenneth Faried  had 21 points and nine rebounds for Denver, while  Ty Lawson  had 16 points and nine assists for Denver, which shot 73 percent and scored 48 points in the paint in the first half but couldn't hold on for the victory.  
 
 QUOTABLE : "I knew they were going to try and get it to Ty Lawson or Gallo [ Danilo Gallinari ]. When I saw Ty drive, I've been playing against him all summer, I knew he was going to try and make something happen and go to the goal. I just tried to come collapse. He saw me and time ran out."  
 --Jazz forward  DeMarre Carroll  on his defense on Denver's last possession against Lawson, who passed the ball when Carroll collapsed on him as time was winding down 
 
  THE STAT : Denver's shooting percentage dipped from 73 percent in the first half to 36.1 percent in the second half. Utah's defense had a lot to do with it, taking away easy and close-range looks for the Nuggets. Denver had just 18 points in the paint in the second half. 
 
 TURNING POINT : The Jazz got back in the game with a Nuggets-like spurt in the third quarter.  Marvin Williams  and Jefferson each made layups to start a 14-0 run, and Utah surged with eight points in 51 seconds when Tinsley sank a layup and Williams and  Randy Foye  drained back-to-back 3-pointers. Utah turned a 77-65 deficit into a 79-77 lead.  
 
 HOT : Jefferson wasn't at his best defensively or on the boards, but his offensive game was on point. He shot 10-for-15 and played with aggression in the second half. Favors was efficient in scoring his season-high in points, shooting 6-for-8. For the Nuggets, Faried played a complete game. His points were hard-earned and he was his typical rebounding-machine self. He also frustrated the Jazz with his hustle and scrappy play.  
 
 NOT :  Gordon Hayward  has mostly sparked the Jazz when he's come off the bench, but not Monday night. His defense was solid, but his shot was off as he went 1-for-8 from the field, including 0-for-3 from 3-point range.  Andre Miller  shot 2-for-7 and missed a 3-pointer with the Nuggets trailing 104-103 with five seconds remaining in the game.  
 
 QUOTABLE II : "We started making our own dumb mistakes on offense, turned the ball over ... and that's just us -- we're still maturing. This is a hard place to play; the crowd was really getting into it. We tried to put them out early but they kept fighting, and this is what great teams do."  
 -- Nuggets forward Kenneth Faried on the difference between the first and second half for his team 
 
 GOOD MOVE : Utah coach  Tyrone Corbin  hasn't been able to find the right starting lineup for the Jazz, who got off to yet another slow start on Monday. He did, however, make phenomenal lineup decisions in the second half. Reserves Favors, Hayward and Carroll played almost all of the fourth quarter as starters  Paul Millsap , Williams and Foye mostly stayed on the bench. The fourth quarter squad got stops, kept Denver from getting in a rhythm and held the Nuggets to 35 percent shooting in the period.   
 
 BAD MOVE :  Andre Iguodala  lost his cool and it ended up costing his team. As the Jazz were closing their 14-0 run in the third quarter, Iguodala was assessed two technical fouls and ejected for arguing with one of the officials. His absence wasn't necessarily the reason the Nuggets lost, but they certainly could have used Iguodala's presence with the game on the line in the fourth quarter.  
 
 NOTABLE : Utah's first-half woes weren't just limited to defense, as it committed five turnovers in the game's first five minutes. The Jazz were outscored in the paint at home (66-40) for the first time this season. The Nuggets nearly shot as well from the field (54.8 percent) as they did from the free throw line (56.3 percent).  
 
 UP NEXT : For the Nuggets, Thursday @ Golden State, Friday @ L.A. Lakers, Monday vs. Raptors. For the Jazz, Wednesday @ New Orleans, Friday @ Oklahoma City, Saturday @ Houston. 
