Notebook: Mavericks 103, Warriors 99 
 
 
 Micah Powell, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Nov 27, 2013 11:55 PM - Updated Wed Nov 27, 2013 11:55 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  With the loss, Golden State fell to 0-4 in the second game of back-to-back games. 
 
 THE LEAD:  Dirk Nowitzki  poured in 22 points to lead six Mavericks scorers in double figures, powering Dallas to a 103-99 win over Golden State, Wednesday night at the American Airlines Center. 
 Golden State (9-7) cut a 17-point fourth-quarter deficit down to four with under a minute remaining, but  Samuel Dalembert  rejected a 3-point attempt from  Draymond Green , and  Harrison Barnes  missed a 3 at the buzzer to seal the Dallas (10-6) victory.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "You can't go on the road against a good basketball team and give them extra possessions. That's not who we are and that's not the way we're built. So, we turned it over, we were careless and we paid the price." 
 -- Warriors coach  Mark Jackson 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Warriors showed signs of fatigue from its thrilling 102-101 victory over New Orleans on Tuesday by committing 19 turnovers, which the Mavericks converted into 30 points. One of the most turnover-prone teams in the league, Dallas coughed up the ball a season-low six times. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Dallas was poised to run away with a lopsided victory but  Stephen Curry  poured in 13 of his game-high 29 points in the fourth quarter to close the gap. While Curry was on fire from long range, hitting six of his 10 attempts, the rest of the team struggled to find its groove, connecting on just three of 13 shots from 3-point distance including three misses in the final two minutes. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I think it was our best turnover game of the year. In a game like this, where you've got guys on the other team that can do skill-wise what these guys can do, you've got to take care of the ball." 
 -- Mavericks coach  Rick Carlisle 
 
 
 HOT: Jae Crowder  came off the bench and provided a strong scoring punch, hitting three 3-pointers and scoring 12 points in just 18 minutes of action.  DeJuan Blair  created second chances with his work on the glass, grabbing seven of his nine rebounds on the offensive end of the floor. 
 
 NOT: Monta Ellis , who had scored at least 18 points in every game to start the season, chipped in just four points on 2-for-16 shooting.  
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Though Ellis could not find his scoring touch, he did dole out 10 assists. ...  David Lee  scored 20 points and pulled down 12 rebounds for his team-leading seventh double-double. 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  One lucky fan crossed one item off his Black Friday shopping list after hitting a shot from half court before the fourth quarter to win a 70-inch television. While the shot got fans off their feet, nobody was more excited than  Vince Carter , who hugged the man after he drained the shot. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:   Shane Larkin  proved to be the go-to backup behind  Jose Calderon , playing a season-high 17 minutes and posting seven points and six assists.  
 
 NOTABLE:  For the second consecutive game, Nowitzki passed  Kevin Garnett  to move into 14th place on the NBA's all-time scoring list. ... Carlisle said after the game that Ellis played despite a stiff back. ...  Klay Thompson  posted a regular-season career-high 10 rebounds and also recorded his first career double-double with 20 points.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Mavericks, Friday @ Atlanta, Saturday vs. Minnesota, Tuesday vs. Charlotte. For the Warriors, Friday @ Oklahoma City, Sunday @ Sacramento, Tuesday vs. Toronto. 
