  Notebook: Cavaliers 103, Bobcats 90 Posted Tuesday April 10, 2012 11:39PM By Brian Dulik, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Shooting guard  Lester Hudson  continued his red-hot play with a game-high 25 points, a career-best eight rebounds, and six assists in leading the Cleveland Cavaliers to a 103-90 victory over the Charlotte Bobcats. Hudson scored 14 points in the fourth quarter as the Cavaliers came from behind to snap their six-game home losing streak. Shooting guard  Gerald Henderson  paced the Bobcats with 21 points, while point guard  D.J. Augustin  collected 16 points and 11 assists. Charlotte has lost 13 straight games and has the worst record in the NBA at 7-49. QUOTABLE:  "Hudson is a great player and he deserves to be in this league. He's a hard worker, and I have a lot of respect for him with the way he's come in and contributed."   -- Bobcats point guard  D.J. Augustin THE STAT:  Hudson is averaging 24.7 points, 4.7 rebounds and 5.3 assists over his last three games for the Cavaliers, who promoted him from the NBA D-League's Austin Toros on March 30. "I have confidence in myself to score the ball and I'm having fun," said Hudson, a second-round selection by Boston in the 2009 NBA Draft. "When you play well and win, it makes each one more enjoyable." Hudson scored 23 points Friday at Toronto, then poured in 26 points Sunday at New Jersey, earning him a second 10-day contract from Cleveland on Monday. TURNING POINT:  After power forward  D.J. White  made a jumper to give Charlotte a 73-72 lead early in the fourth quarter, Cavaliers point guard  Donald Sloan  answered with a 19-footer that put his ahead for good. Sloan's shot started a 10-0 Cleveland run that turned into a 23-4 spurt, culminating with a Hudson one-hand slam. All five Cavaliers players had hoops during the 6:07 onslaught, led by Hudson's nine points and small forward  Omri Casspi's  seven. "We started getting stops on every possession and we started getting out in transition," Hudson said. QUOTABLE II:  "Guys have seen (Hudson) because he's been in and out of the league, but you really don't know a player until you go against him. There is something to be said for that."   -- Bobcats shooting guard  Gerald Henderson HOT:  Hudson scored 76 points in 36 combined games with the Celtics, Grizzlies and Wizards over the past two seasons. The 6-foot-3 slasher now has 101 points in seven contests with the Cavaliers over the last 12 days. ... Cleveland shooting guard  Anthony Parker  had 19 points and was 4-for-6 beyond the arc. The older brother of WNBA star  Candace Parker  is averaging 16.5 points and shooting .500 on 3-pointers over his last four contests. ... Augustin recorded his sixth double-double of the season for the Bobcats. The fourth-year pro had been sidelined for three games with right knee tendinitis. ... Charlotte point guard  Kemba Walker , who was starting in Augustin's absence, rung up 20 points on 9-for-13 shooting. NOT:  Bobcats small forward  Corey Maggette  was 1-for-7 from the field and scored four points in 16 minutes off the bench. ... Charlotte's starting frontcourt of center  Bismack Biyombo , power forward  Byron Mullens , and small forward  Derrick Brown  were held to three points on 1-for-6 shooting in the first half. ... The Bobcats are 1-13 all-time at Quicken Loans Arena, which is the worst mark by any visiting team. ... Cavaliers power forward  Antawn Jamison  missed 12 of his first 17 field goal attempts. ... Cleveland is 2-10 in its last 11 games, 3-13 in its previous 16 contests, and 6-19 in its last 25 games. It remains in last place in the Central Division, one game behind the Pistons. QUOTABLE III:  "(Augustin) settled us down and he made us a lot better with him in there. It's because D.J. is back that Gerald Henderson's game picked up and Kemba Walker's game picked up."   -- Bobcats coach  Paul Silas GOOD MOVE:  Cavaliers coach  Byron Scott  did not make a substitution in the fourth quarter, allowing Hudson, Sloan, Casspi, center  Semih Erden , and power forward  Luke Walton  to play all 12 minutes. That quintet, which had never played together before during a game, outscored the Bobcats 31-19. "I had no idea they were going to play as well as they played when they came in," Scott admitted. "It was perfect to win the game this way and have (veterans Jamison and Parker) sit in the fourth quarter." BAD MOVE:  Scott said the Cavaliers will attempt to persuade starting center  Anderson Varejao  to bypass the upcoming Summer Olympics in London. Varejao -- a member of the Brazilian National Team since he was a teenager -- has missed 30 straight games since breaking his right wrist on Feb. 10 against Milwaukee and has battled injury problems throughout his NBA career. In recent months, "The Wild Thing" has repeatedly said he will be part of the Games, which take place from July 27 to August 12. NOTABLE:  Cavaliers center  Tristan Thompson , who played youth hockey in Toronto, picks the Pittsburgh Penguins to beat the Vancouver Canucks in the NHL Stanley Cup Final. "They've got Sid the Kid ( Sidney Crosby ) back, so I'm going with Pittsburgh this year," said Thompson, a former left-handed goalie. "Sidney is like  Kobe Bryant  and (Washington Capitals superstar)  Alexander Ovechkin  is like LeBron (James)." ... Cleveland Indians manager Manny Acta sat courtside. The Tribe was scheduled to play the Chicago White Sox in a 7:05 p.m. home game, but it was rained out. ... The Bobcats wore their home white jerseys because the Cavaliers opted to sport their alternate blue uniforms. UP NEXT:  For the Bobcats, Thursday vs. Detroit, Friday @ Miami, Sunday vs. Boston. For the Cavaliers, Wednesday vs. Indiana, Friday @ Indiana, Saturday @ Washington.  