  Notebook: Heat 101, Pistons 98   By Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday January 25, 2012 11:38PM THE FACTS:  Forward  LeBron James  scored 32 points, including six free throws in the last 1:19, as the Miami Heat survived a scare against the struggling Detroit Pistons, 101-98, at The Palace Wednesday night. Forward  Chris Bosh  had 27 points as Miami won for the fifth time in six games. Reserve forward  Austin Daye  scored a career-high 28 points and center  Greg Monroe  contributed 20 points and 10 rebounds for the Pistons, who have lost 12 of their last 14 games. QUOTABLE:  "What I've found out as a member of the Miami Heat is teams get very excited to play us, especially on the road. The crowds are pretty electric and a lot of guys make a lot of shots against us. Austin Daye got it rolling tonight and Monroe played a tough game. We've come to expect guys playing well against us because the home crowd is much more electric."   -- Miami forward/guard  Shane Battier  on the Pistons' unexpectedly strong challenge. THE STAT:  16. James extended his personal winning streak over the Pistons to 16 games, including the postseason, with the Heat's victory Wednesday. When James played for Cleveland, the Cavs defeated the Pistons in their last three regular-season meetings during the 2008-09 season, then swept Detroit 4-0 in the opening round of the Eastern Conference playoffs. The Cavs also enjoyed a four-game, regular-season sweep in James' final season there in 2009-2010. The Heat went 4-0 against the Pistons last season. James' most recent loss to Detroit was Nov. 19. 2008 at The Palace when the Pistons beat Cleveland, 96-89. TURNING POINT:  After forward  Jonas Jerebko  made a 3-pointer to give the Pistons a 98-95 lead with 1:33 remaining, their inexperience in close games rendered them punchless the rest of the way. Rookie guard Brandon Knight missed two free throws, Damien Wilkins lost a Jerebko pass out of bounds and Daye shot an airball on a 3-point try. Knight also missed a shot in the lane before Bosh contested a Monroe baseline attempt with the Pistons still only down one. Daye then traveled on Detroit's final possession.   QUOTABLE II:  "We came up a couple of plays short but we lost on our terms tonight."   --   Pistons coach  Lawrence Frank HOT:  Daye had scored 45 points and made just one 3-pointer in 158 minutes entering the game. He also missed his first two shot attempts Wednesday. Suddenly in the second quarter, the third-year forward erupted for 18 points and made four 3-point shots. He wound up shooting 10 of 18 from the field while adding six rebounds and three assists. Daye's previous career high was 22 points against Minnesota on March 2, 2011. NOT:  The Heat's perimeter defenders had problems with both Daye and Knight (17 points, five assists). Miami's frontcourt players did a poor job rebounding, as  Joel Anthony ,  Eddy Curry  and  Udonis Haslem  combined for just four as the Pistons controlled the boards, 43-26. GOOD MOVE:  Monroe shot 1-of-4 in the first quarter, including two blown layups. Though he was coming off a 3-of-14 outing in Oklahoma City, Monroe realized he couldn't stop looking for his shot if his team had any chance of winning. He went 7-of- 10 from the field the rest of the game while reaching the 20-point mark for the first time in seven games. BAD MOVE:  Miami coach  Erik Spoelstra  decided to give Curry more minutes ahead of Dexter Pittman as the backup center for the next few games. Curry gave his team nothing but a turnover and a blown dunk. NOTABLE:   Dwyane Wade  missed his sixth consecutive game with a sprained left ankle, though Battier expects Wade to return against New York Friday. "We get our explosiveness back with Dwyane coming back Friday," he said. "Hopefully, we can get back to getting up and down the floor a little more." ... Detroit forward  Tayshaun Prince  missed the game for personal reasons. Guards  Ben Gordon  (shoulder) and  Will Bynum  (foot) were also out of action. ... Bosh scored 13 of his team's first 14 points. ... Detroit Lions quarterback  Matthew Stafford  and University of Michigan  Denard Robinson  were among the crowd of 18,058. UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Friday vs. New York, Sunday vs. Chicago, Monday vs. New Orleans. For the Pistons, Friday vs. Atlanta, Saturday @ Philadelphia, Monday @ Milwaukee.  