  Notebook: Wizards 106, Lakers 101 Posted Thursday March 8, 2012 12:02AM By Ben Standig, for NBA.com THE FACTS:   Roger Mason  drained three 3-pointers in the fourth quarter while  Trevor Booker  and  Kevin Seraphin  had career efforts down low as the Washington Wizards stormed back in the second half for a 106-101 win over the Los Angeles Lakers. The Lakers led by 21 points in the third quarter, but shot their way out of the lead in the second half while the Wizards picked up production from unlikely sources and redeemed themselves after Monday's 20-point home loss against Golden State. Mason finished with 14 points and gave the Wizards the lead for good with consecutive 3-pointers opening the fourth quarter,  Nick Young  scored a team-high 19 points and doled at a career-high six assists. Kobe Bryant  paced the Lakers with 30 points, but missed 22 of 31 shots.  Pau Gasol  and  Andrew Bynum  each scored 19 points for the Lakers one night after blowing another double-digit lead at Detroit QUOTABLE:  "Guys had career night against us because of the momentum that they had from the bad shot selection that we took, the lack of ball movement and the turnovers."   -- Lakers coach  Mike Brown THE STAT:  Coming off a loss Tuesday night in Detroit, the Lakers shot 26.3 percent (10-for-38) in the second half. Bryant shot 3-for-18 in the second half and missed nine of 10 shots in the fourth quarter. TURNING POINT:  Trailing 76-57 with 7:04 left in the third quarter, Booker scored consecutive baskets with a follow-slam dunk and hook shot. The comeback soon followed as the Wizards closed the quarter on a 26-7 run and then Mason opened the fourth with consecutive 3-pointers. QUOTABLE II:  "We were doing them hard, and stayed in the game. That's all we did. Then, we started making some shots and the crowd got into it. All of a sudden, there were no more Laker fans, and the momentum. That's what, hopefully, can go a long way for us in terms of that mentality of staying in the game, playing as hard as you can."   - Wizards coach  Randy Wittman HOT:  Booker tallied 18 points and a career-high 17 points while seldom-used reserve Seraphin posted career best numbers with 12 points and nine rebounds. The two post players shot a combined 14-of-16 from the field and generated 18 points and 18 rebounds in the second half against the NBA's top rebounding team. NOT:   John Wall  picked a good night for an off night. The Wizards electric point guard missed seven of eight shots and finished with four points despite a favorable matchup against grizzled veteran  Derek Fisher . GOOD MOVE:  Wittman stuck with his Booker and his energetic reserves in the fourth quarter, playing Young, Seraphin, Mason and  Shelvin  Mack extended minutes against the Lakers' stars. Wall sat out all but three minutes and starting center  JaVale McGee  never saw the court during the final 12 minutes. QUOTABLE:  "All we have to do is play hard. I was out there kind of loafing around, having a good time and they caught up. Got their home crowd into it and they were able to hit shots."   -- Lakers center Bynum NOTABLE:  The Wizards picked up their first win against the Lakers since 2006, snapping a nine-game losing streak. UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Friday @ Minnesota, Sunday vs. Boston, Tuesday @ Memphis. For the Wizards, Saturday vs. Portland, Monday @ San Antonio, Tuesday at Dallas.  