  Mavericks-Hornets notebook   By Larry Holder, for NBA.com Posted Thursday March 10, 2011 12:30AM THE FACTS:  Hornets guard  Jarrett Jack  hit three free throws after a foul by the Mavericks'  Jason Kidd  with 8.4 second left as the New Orleans Hornets stunned the Dallas Mavericks 93-92 on Wednesday night at the New Orleans Arena. QUOTABLE:  "He (Kidd) kind of closed in on me. I saw I could swipe under his arm. I was able to get the call and go to the free-throw line. ... You can't put any added pressure on yourself in the situation when you walk up there to the line. Coach preaches to go back to your fundamentals and that's what I did."   --Jack, who scored 21 points, on drawing the late fourth-quarter foul and draining three game-winning free throws THE STAT:  The Hornets only outscored the Mavs in one quarter, but it was the only one that mattered as New Orleans beat Dallas 33-22 in the fourth quarter. TURNING POINT:  With the Hornets looking like they were done for, they went on an 8-0 run in the final 50.2 seconds to snatch the win away from the Mavs.  Marco Belinelli  hit a 3-pointer with 50.2 seconds left.  Emeka Okafor  hit a 3-footer with 19.2 seconds remaining and missed a free throw. The Mavs'  Tyson Chandler  missed two free throws with 17.7 seconds left. And Jack, who started in place of the injured  Chris Paul , sealed it with his three free throws. QUOTABLE II:  "You've got to make a stop. By putting them on the free-throw line, they're shooting free throws with the clock stopped and it keeps them in the game. Credit them for making plays and we did not."   -- Mavs coach  Rick Carlisle  on the collapse in the final minute HOT:  Belinelli and  Carl Landry  came up big off the short Hornets bench. Belinelli scored 21 points going 8-for-15 in 40 minutes, while Landry added 15 points on 7-for-9 shooting. NOT:  Kidd and the Hornets'  Trevor Ariza  combined to shoot 0-for-17. Ariza had six points and nine rebounds, while Kidd had three points and seven assists. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Belinelli hit a fadeaway 51-footer from halfcourt as time expired in the first half. ... Actor/comedian  Harry Shearer , musician  Kermit Ruffins  and Saints quarterback  Chase Daniel  sat courtside for Wednesday's game. NOTABLE:  Paul (concussion) missed his second full game Wednesday vs. the Mavs. Hornets coach  Monty Williams  said he doesn't know how long Paul will be out. "You just roll with it. ... You don't want to mess with anyone's brain," Williams said. ... The Hornets did have some good news on the injury front as Ariza (groin) started vs. Dallas after missing the last three games. Williams said he needs every able body he can find with the Hornets clinging to the seventh spot in the Western Conference. ... Chandler (right ankle sprain) started Wednesday after missing the last three games with the ailment. Chandler had 16 points and 13 rebounds. ... Mavs forward  Peja Stojakovic  (back) missed Wednesday's game as  Shawn Marion  started in his place. Marion then left the game with sore ribs during the third quarter after bowling over a cameraman on a Belinelli flagrant foul. Marion said X-rays on his ribs were negative after the game. UP NEXT:  For the Mavs, Thursday vs. New York, Saturday vs. L.A. Lakers, Tuesday @ Portland. For the Hornets, Saturday vs. Sacramento, Monday vs. Denver, Wednesday vs. Phoenix.  