  Notebook: Jazz 99, Warriors 92 Posted Sunday March 18, 2012 12:24AM By Andrew Aragon, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Promise and potential are two commonly used words when analysts describe  Derrick Favors.  There was no looking to the future on Saturday night, as he was outstanding in the here-and-now. The Utah second-year forward/center had 23 points and a career-high 17 rebounds to lead the Jazz to a 99-92 overtime win over the Golden State Warriors. He helped force an extra period by converting a three-point play after a high-flying dunk, and then scored four of his points in overtime. Four other players scored in double figures for the Jazz, who needed to find a way to pick up the scoring slack because of the absence of leading scorer and rebounder  Al Jefferson.  He attended his grandmother's funeral in Mississippi on Friday and was not with the team.  Paul Millsap  and  Jamaal Tinsley  each had 13 points for Utah. Nate Robinson  led Golden State with 19 points. QUOTABLE:  "Offensively, he was really patient. He made the right moves, made that little jump shot at the free-throw line (that gave the Jazz an 89-87 lead early in overtime). It was great growth for him and a great shot for him to make."  --  Jazz head coach  Tyrone Corbin  on the offensive night for Favors, who played his usual solid game defensively and on the boards. THE STAT:  When the Utah Jazz outrebound opponents at home, they usually win. And on Saturday night, they blistered the Warriors on the boards. They had a 65-40 advantage over Golden State. Favors (17), Millsap (12) and rookie  Enes Kanter  (13) outrebounded the Warriors by themselves. TURNING POINT:  Overtime was no contest. The Jazz scored the first six points of the extra period, as Favors sank a 15-foot jumper and a layup. After a couple of free throws by Robinson, Millsap helped the Jazz blow the game open by making three straight baskets. Golden State shot 16.7 percent in overtime, while Utah made 6 of 9 shots. HOT:  Millsap was brisk from the outside for much of the game, but warmed up late in the contest. He shot 4-for-7 in the fourth quarter and overtime after a 2-for-11 start.  David Lee  dominated in the first half and early moments of the second. He made eight of his first 10 attempts, using both hands to create his own shots while hitting baskets off the glass. NOT: Richard Jefferson  made his debut for the Warriors after they acquired him in a trade with the San Antonio Spurs on Thursday. After a promising start -- he made his first two shots -- Jefferson missed 12 straight attempts. He finished with nine points and seven rebounds. Lee, after his phenomenal start, missed his last five shots, and a big reason for that was Favors' defense on him. QUOTABLE II:  "We had an opportunity to win this ballgame up three and we didn't close it out. Situations like that, worst-case scenario there should be a guy forced to take two free throws. You can't give him a basket and the foul. Better off even letting him go and dunk it. Just a bad play."  --  Golden State head coach  Mark Jackson  on the three-point play by Favors late in the game. The Warriors led 87-84 before Favors was fouled by  Andris Biedrins  as he dunked and made the free throw to tie the game with 27.8 seconds left. FANTASY WATCH:  Robinson has been a quality fantasy fill-in the last few games and could continue to be so with the uncertain status of  Stephen Curry . He scored in double figures for the fourth straight game on Saturday, while also contributing four assists and three rebounds. ROOKIE WATCH: Klay Thompson  made his fifth start of the season and was impressive for the Warriors. He made two baskets during an 11-2 run in the fourth quarter and finished with 17 points, nearly doubling his season average.  Charles Jenkins  contributed for Golden State with six points in the fourth quarter. Kanter helped filled Jefferson's void on the glass, as his 13 rebounds were a career-high. NOTABLE:  Golden State's schedule gets increasingly difficult after Saturday's defeat. The Warriors don't have two consecutive days off the rest of the season. UP NEXT:  For the Warriors, Monday vs. Timberwolves, Wednesday @ New Orleans, Thursday @ Houston. For the Jazz, Sunday @ L.A. Lakers, Tuesday vs. Thunder, Thursday @ Sacramento.  