  Notebook: Nets 111, Kings 99 Posted Sunday April 1, 2012 1:38AM By James Ham, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The New Jersey Nets came into Power Balance Pavilion and dominated the Sacramento Kings in front of their home crowd. After a tough fought first half, the Nets outscored the Kings 32-20 in the third quarter on the way to a 111-99 rout. The Kings left  Anthony Morrow  open and he made them pay all night long. The veteran wing finished with 24 points on 6-for-11 from 3-point range, to lead all scorers.  Deron Williams  struggled with his shot, but still finished with 19 points and 15 assists.  Kris Humphries  and  Johan Petro  anchored the post for the Nets, who improved to 19-35 on the season. After missing last night's game in Utah,  Tyreke Evans  returned for the Kings and scored a team high 23 points.  DeMarcus Cousins  looked good early, but struggled to get it going in the second half, finishing with 14 points and nine rebounds, but on 4-for-12 shooting from the field. QUOTABLE:  "This is huge. Everybody's playing loose, playing confident. Coach is really being patient and everything. He's showing a lot of confidence in us and we're showing a lot of confidence in the coaching staff. Everything's working well. We've just got to continue play like we're playing now."    -- Anthony Morrow on the Nets' three-game win streak. THE STAT:  The difference in this game was 3-point shooting. The Nets went 10-for-28 from behind the arc, while the Kings hit just three of their 17 long-range attempts. The Kings had plenty of opportunities down the stretch to draw close, but their inability to hit the big three pointer killed them in this one. TURNING POINT:  The Kings came out flat in the third quarter and the Nets did not. The result was a 91-76 Nets lead going to the fourth quarter. The Kings had a few moments when they looked like they might claw back into the game in the fourth, but in the end, this one was decided in the third. QUOTABLE II:  "We're playing better defensively, which is helping us on offense. We're giving a good team effort. It's different guys stepping up; tonight it was A-Mo (Anthony Morrow) and Johan (Petro). Yesterday it G ( Gerald )  Wallace , one day it's  Gerald Green , the next days it's Hops. We're just getting great, great team efforts night in and night out."    -- Deron Williams on the recent run of success for the Nets. HOT:  The Kings did the one thing you cannot do when playing Morrow -- leave him open at the 3-point line. The Nets sharp shooter made them pay, scoring 24 points on 8-for-17 shooting, including six 3-pointers. NOT:   Chuck Hayes  was supposed to be the Kings defensive stopper and rebounding specialist when this season began. Injuries and weight issues have limited his effectiveness on the floor and tonight was more of the same. The veteran forward finished 0-for-3 from the field and failed to grab a single rebound in 13 minutes of action. GOOD MOVE:   Avery Johnson  did a great job of creating matchup problems all over the floor against the Kings tonight. Gerald Wallace is a tough cover at either forward position against the Kings and Johnson moved him around to exploit the advantage. BAD MOVE:  Every scouting report in the league calls for a man to stay with Morrow on the perimeter. The Kings did not heed the warning tonight and he lit them up. NOTABLE:  The Nets have won three in a row for the first time this season. This is only the second time in the last three seasons the Nets have accomplished this feat. UP NEXT:  For the Nets, Tuesday @ L.A. Lakers, Wednesday @ Portland, Friday vs. Washington. For the Kings, Monday vs. Minnesota, Tuesday vs. Phoenix, Thursday vs. L.A. Clippers.  