  Notebook: Knicks 91, Cavaliers 75 Posted Saturday March 31, 2012 11:28PM By Joshua Newman, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Coming off a loss to the Atlanta Hawks on Friday night, the New York Knicks picked themselves back up on Saturday night and continued to defy logic by winning games as serious injury troubles continue to mount. Reserve guard  J.R. Smith  scored 12 of his game-high 20 points in the fourth quarter while adding nine rebounds and five steals to propel the Knicks to a 91-75 victory over the shorthanded Cleveland Cavaliers in front of the 60th consecutive sellout crowd at Madison Square Garden. Smith led three players in double figures as  Carmelo Anthony  scored 19 points,  Tyson Chandler  had 14 points and 12 rebounds and  Iman Shumpert  finished with 10 points. Antawn Jamison  scored 13 points for the Cavs, who were without  Kyrie Irving  thanks to a sprained right shoulder. The night got off to a rough start when the Knicks announced that second-year starting point guard  Jeremy Lin  would be out for six weeks once he has arthroscopic surgery early next week to repair a slightly torn left meniscus. That timetable means he is finished for the regular season at the very least. QUOTABLE:  "Last night he struggled, but he bounced back big time tonight. That is how we need him to play coming off the bench. He has the ability to score points, I just need him to be active."    -- Knicks interim head coach  Mike Woodson  on Smith. THE STAT:  Already being asked to play heavier minutes than normal,  Baron Davis  turned in a fine game at point guard with the key being a gaudy assist-to-turnover ratio of 5-to-1 in 29 minutes of action. More games like that would help the Knicks' cause as Davis sported a 5.4-to-4.6 ratio for the season entering the night. TURNING POINT:  A defensive battle that the Knicks controlled throughout quickly turned into a rout just past the midway point of the fourth quarter as the Knicks closed the game on a 15-3 run. Smith scored five points in that game-closing run, including a lone 3-pointer from the left wing that gave the Knicks an 81-72 lead with 4:22 to play. HOT:  With Lin down for at least the rest of the regular season and  Amar'e Stoudemire  still on the shelf, it's all hands on deck in terms of offensive production. Smith did his share on Saturday night, shooting 8-for-15 from the field for his 20 points, his best scoring output since March 14 against the Blazers. NOT:  Second-year swingman  Landry Fields  has been mired in a scoring slump for some time now and Saturday didn't make it any better for the Stanford product. After shooting just 37.5 percent (9-for-24) over the last five games, Fields shot just 2-for-8 to finish with four points. QUOTABLE II:  "We need J.R. to play like that. For him to play like that, it gives us a boost, especially coming off the bench. Coming down the stretch, we need him to play like that."    -- Anthony on Smith QUOTABLE III:  "You feel for your teammate. No one wants to see anyone go through surgery. He had been playing so well and now to lose him to knee surgery is tough. We'll be with him and we'll hold the fort down until we get him back."   -- Chandler on the loss of Lin. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Actors  Michael Rappaport ,  Steve Schirippa  and  Darren Criss , as well as San Francisco 49ers wide receiver  Mario Manningham  watched the game courtside. NOTABLE:  It's a simple fact that when the Knicks rebound, they win games. With the 47-38 rebounding advantage they held on Saturday against the Cavs, the Knicks moved to 19-9 in games in which they out rebound their opponent and 22-14 in games where they haul in at least 40 rebounds. On topic, the Knicks are now 14-0 when they outrebound and outscore the opposition. The Knicks shot 39.5 percent from the floor against just 38.9 percent for the Cavs. UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Tuesday @ Indiana, Thursday @ Orlando, Sunday vs. Chicago. For the Cavaliers, Tuesday vs. San Antonio, Wednesday at Milwaukee, Friday at Toronto.  