  Hawks-Magic notebook   By Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com Posted Monday December 6, 2010 11:15PM THE FACTS:   Jamal Crawford  and  Mike Bibby  combined for 16 points in the fourth quarter Monday night and the Atlanta Hawks shut down the flu-ridden Orlando Magic, 80-74. Winning for the third time in four games without  Joe Johnson , the Hawks won for the first time in Orlando since the opening game of the 2008-09 season.  Dwight Howard , one of three Orlando players coming back from a bout with the flu, had 14 points, 13 rebounds and six turnovers for the Magic, who have lost two straight for the first time this season. QUOTABLE:  "On the road, we're a team that has to play with a rhythm that benefits us. We can't come into this building and try to get up and down with them . . . I thought we did a good job of grinding it on every possession. We kept the game close and we came up with the shots at the end." --  Hawks coach  Larry Drew  on the game's pace THE STAT:  The Magic made 4-of-22 3-point shots. TURNING POINT:  After a layup by  Vince Carter  brought the Magic to within two midway through the fourth quarter, they went scoreless for more than four minutes as the Hawks stretched their lead to 71-62. The scoreless stretch included three turnovers, four missed shots and a missed free throw. QUOTABLE II:  "They are the team that always seems to stand in our way. It is a huge win. There is no question about it." --  Al Horford , who had 16 points, 10 rebounds and three blocks playing mostly power forward. HOT:  The NBA's leading 3-point shooter at .539, Bibby drilled two big ones late in the fourth quarter and shot 3-for-4 for the game. He is 16-for-23 (.696) in his last six games. NOT:  The Magic are 17-for-66 (.258) from behind the arc in their last three games . . . Since shooting 11-for-12 and scoring a career-high 27 points at Detroit on Friday night,  Brandon Bass  is 9-for-24. GOOD MOVE:  After being dominated by Howard in the playoffs last spring and in a loss here a month ago, the Hawks moved 7-foot, 255-pound  Jason Collins  into the starting lineup and shifted Horford to power forward. BAD MOVE:  With the Magic desperately needing a basket with 3:02 remaining, Howard was called for an offensive foul (without the ball). Bibby's subsequent 3-pointer gave Atlanta a nine-point lead with 2:45 left. QUOTABLE III:  "It was a bad basketball game and we played worse than they did. All you have to do is look at the numbers." --  Magic coach  Stan Van Gundy . NOTABLE:  The Hawks outscored the Magic by 19 points during Bibby's 36 minutes . . . The 74 points were the fewest for the Magic in a home game since an 82-73 loss to Denver on Feb. 11, 2009 . . .  J.J. Redick , who had missed one free throw all season in 31 attempts, missed two Monday night. UP NEXT:  For the Hawks, Tuesday vs. New Jersey, Friday @ San Antonio, Saturday vs. Indiana. For the Magic, Thursday @ Portland, Friday @ Utah, Sunday @ L.A. Clippers.  