  Celtics-Kings notebook   By Brian Robb, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday January 12, 2011 11:15PM THE FACTS:  The Boston Celtics pulled away from the shorthanded Sacramento Kings in the second half Wednesday night on their way to a comfortable 119-95 victory.  Paul Pierce  took command from the opening tip, leading all scorers with 26 points and  Rajon Rondo  posted 10 points and 13 assists to give himself yet another double-double. A season-high eight Celtics players scored in double figures overall during the rout.  Carl Landry  was the high scorer for Sacramento with 17 points, as they lost their 12th consecutive road game. QUOTABLE:  "Paul was more aggressive. Last game we didn't do anything hard as a team. Paul knew last game we didn't approach the game well mentally. He led us tonight though and that's what leaders do."   -- Celtics coach  Doc Rivers THE STAT:  The Celtics put on an offensive showcase in the third quarter, hitting 15 of their 21 shots during the frame for 33 points. TURNING POINT:  Up by just six at halftime against the undermanned Kings, Boston hit the floor after halftime with a purpose, jumping out to a quick 9-2 run to give themselves a double-digit lead. They carried that momentum through the rest of the quarter, outscoring the Kings by 15 points over those 12 minutes. HOT:  Pierce -- Motivated by recent back-to-back losses, the C's captain showed plenty of aggression right out of the gate. The All-Star hit six of his first eight shots, scoring 15 of Boston's 28 first quarter points. Pierce is now shooting 51.1 percent overall for the year, a career high. NOT: DeMarcus Cousins  -- The Kings rookie struggled for his second straight night, missing six of his nine attempts. The Kentucky product has sunk just 25 percent of his shots in his past two games. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  With  Tyreke Evans  out these past three games, guard  Beno Udrih  has become Sacramento's primary source of scoring. The seventh-year guard is averaging 22.3 points in each of those contests while dishing out just under five assists per game. ROOKIE WATCH:  The injury plagued Celtics relied on both  Luke Harangody  and  Semih Erden  for minutes off the bench in the frontcourt. Both players answered the call for Rivers, providing solid all-around efforts. Erden had 10 points and a season-high seven rebounds in his return to the rotation. Harangody tallied three points while filing the rest of the box score with four rebounds, three assists, a block, and a steal during 22 minutes of action. NOTABLE: Kevin Garnett  sat out his seventh straight game with a strained right calf. Rivers expects him to return Monday for the C's clash with Orlando.  Jermaine O'Neal  also did not suit up due to a sore left knee. Evans continues to be bothered by a sore left ankle, as he did not play his third straight game for the Kings. Kings coach  Paul   Westphal  is optimistic Evans will play Friday against the Knicks. Rivers passed  K.C. Jones  for the 3rd most wins in Celtics history with 309. Boston outscored Sacramento in the paint 56-42. Despite two feet of snow falling in Massachusetts during the day, the TD Garden was close to full capacity. UP NEXT:  For the Kings, Friday @ New York, Saturday @ Detroit, Monday @ Atlanta. For the Celtics, Friday vs. Charlotte, Monday vs. Orlando, Wednesday vs. Detroit.  