  Nets-Timberwolves notebook   By Jim Beilby, for NBA.com Posted Sunday January 2, 2011 12:18AM THE FACTS:  The Minnesota Timberwolves have scored enough points to give them a chance to win games. Their problem has been defensive. Tonight, they found enough defensive rhythm to get their ninth win of the season, defeating the New Jersey Nets 103-88. Minnesota held New Jersey to 9 third quarter points and 33 second half points, both season bests by wide margins.  Kevin Love  scored 23 and grabbed 10 rebounds for the Wolves in the winning effort. QUOTABLE:  "For us to score nine points in the quarter, that's not good at all. Well try changing the lineups and shuffling guys in and out. But we just couldn't get it done."   -- Nets' coach,  Avery Johnson THE STAT : Despite losing the game and being outshot, the Nets outrebounded Minnesota, the number one team in the league in total rebounds, 49-44. They also kept Kevin Love five rebounds under his average. Avery Johnson acknowledged that rebounds and especially keeping Kevin Love off the offensive glass was a point of emphasis with his team. TURNING POINT:  Trailing by one at half, 56-55, Minnesota opened up the third quarter with a 14-0 run to build a 68-55 lead. From that point, Minnesota's lead remained double digits. QUOTABLE II:  "We upped our defense and just didn't give the guys any room to get to the basket, we were contesting shots. I think in the last 5 or 6 games we've been better than we have the whole season. As long as we get better defensively we're going to get better from here on."   -- Minnesota forward, Kevin Love INSIDE THE ARENA:  Kim Kardashian  and her entourage sat courtside, watching her boyfriend,  Kris Humphreies. NOTABLE:  The Wolves are 7-1 when holding their opponent under 100 points. Minnesota came into the game allowing 109.6 points per game, last in the league in that category. This is only the third time this season Minnesota has kept the opposition under 90 points (Milwaukee: 85 points on 10/29; Sacramento: 89 points on 11/10). Some of that, of course, is the Nets' offensive troubles. They are 29th in the league in scoring, averaging only 92.4 points per game. UP NEXT : For the Wolves, Monday @ Boston, Wednesday vs. Charlotte, Friday vs. Portland. For the Nets, Wednesday vs. Chicago, Friday @ Washington, Saturday vs. Milwaukee.  