Notebook: Wizards 120, Magic 91 
 
 
 Rich Dubroff, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Mon Jan 14, 2013 11:41 PM - Updated Mon Jan 14, 2013 11:41 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:  Six Washington Wizards scored in double figures to lead the team to its largest margin of the season, a 120-91 win over the Oriando Magic on Monday night. 
 
 Emeka Okafor  had 19 points and 11 rebounds,  A.J. Price  and  Kevin Seraphin  each had 18.  Bradley Beal  added 17.  John Wall  had 12, and  Jan Vesely  had 10. 
 It was the third straight win of the year for Washington, which led all the way.  
 
 Jameer Nelson  led the Magic with 19.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I didn't see the glazed over, here we go again [look]."  --  Wizards coach  Randy Wittman  on the team's mood at halftime. 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Washington had a season high 32 assists. "It just came out of nowhere, how fast we're playing now," Beal said. . 
 
 TURNING POINT:  After Orlando cut a 19-point lead to six at halftime, the Wizards scored a season high 37 points in the third quarter to put the game away. The transition defense? "It was terrible. I don't know why it was so bad, but it was bad," Magic guard  J.J. Redick  said. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:   "Just some nights in the NBA you're not gonna have it,"  --  Orlando coach  Jacque Vaughn. 
 
 
 HOT:  Beal was 7-for-10 from the field and both free throws. 
 
 NOT:  Two days after scoring 30 points in a win over the Los Angeles Clippers,  Arron Afflalo  was just 1-for-11 from the field and had a season-low two points. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Wittman playing Vesely, who's steadily improved rece ntly. He was 5-for-7 from the field in 25 minutes. 
 
 BAD MOVE:   Afflalo and  Nelson kept shooting and shooting. They were a combined 7-for-28. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Orlando forward  Glen Davis  and guard  E'Twaun Moore , who both suffered injuries in different games against the Wizards last month, both returned. Davis had 13, Moore scored five.  
 
 IN THE ARENA:  Beal was presented with the Eastern Conference rookie of the month award before the game.   
 
 NEXT:  Magic: Wednesday vs. Pacers, Friday vs. Bobcats, Sunday vs. Mavericks. For the Wizards: Wednesday @ Kings, Friday @ Nuggets, Saturday @ Clippers 
