  Nets-Sixers notebook   By Andy Jasner, for NBA.com Posted Friday April 1, 2011 11:09PM THE FACTS:  It's official. The Philadelphia 76ers are going back to the playoffs. After a 27-55 debacle last season, the Sixers changed coaches --  Eddie Jordan  to  Doug Collins  -- and it has resulted in a 40-36 record through 76 games. The Sixers had no problem dispatching the New Jersey Nets, 115-90, Friday night.  Thaddeus Young  came off the bench to score 22 points and  Elton Brand  contributed 21 points to lead the rout, not to mention the Sixers' third straight win. The Sixers remain in the sixth position in the Eastern Conference playoff race, 2-1/2 games ahead of the New York Knicks. Brandan Wright  paced the Nets with 15 points and 11 rebounds. The Nets (23-52) started slow and never recovered while trailing by as many as 35 points. New Jersey has now dropped five straight and nine of 10. QUOTABLE:   "To get this in front of our home fans is such an accomplishment. Our guys played well."   -- Collins on the Sixers qualifying for the playoffs. THE STAT:  The Sixers shot 56 percent from the field and only committed nine turnovers. TURNING POINT:  The Sixers held a 60-43 lead at halftime and extended that advantage to 29 -- 94-65 -- at the end of the third quarter. In a number of previous games this season, the Sixers have allowed the opposition to work its way back into the game. Not this time. HOT:  Young was 9-for-12 from the field and 4-for-4 from the free throw line. NOT:   Deron Williams  missed six of his eight shots, but that's understandable as he's on the way back from a wrist injury. QUOTABLE II:  "To get in the playoffs is a special feeling. Now that we're in, we can focus on winning more games. I'm elated, but we have a lot of work to do before the playoffs."   -- Brand on qualifying for the playoffs for just the second time in his career. The Sixers also earned a postseason berth two years ago, but Brand was injured. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Once again,  Jrue Holiday  shined in a variety of ways. The ever-improving Sixers point guard had 17 points, seven assists and six rebounds. INSIDE THE ARENA:  There was a noticeable buzz inside the Wells Fargo Center, especially with the Sixers on the verge of qualifying for the playoffs. As the game inched closer to its conclusion, the decibel level rose from the crowd of 16,695. This city seems to be hungry for playoff basketball and now it's a reality. QUOTABLE III:  "You want to be playing good basketball at this time of the year and we're doing that. Even when we lost to Miami, I told the guys that we'll be OK if we keep playing at a high level like that."   -- Sixers forward  Andre Iguodala GOOD MOVE:  The Sixers forced the Nets out of their comfort zone on offense, making shots more difficult for the likes of Williams and  Anthony Morrow , among others. Philadelphia's defense was fantastic from the opening tip. BAD MOVE:  The Nets didn't drive to the basket all that much. While they did corral some offensive rebounds in the first half, it wasn't nearly enough. ROOKIE WATCH:   Evan Turner , the Sixers' No. 2 overall pick from Ohio State, had four points and three rebounds in 11 minutes. Nets guard  Ben Uzoh  scored two points and added three assists off the bench. NOTABLE:  The Sixers swept the Nets for the second consecutive season, a span of eight games. DID YOU NOTICE?:  Guard  Mario West  entered the game late in the third quarter for the Nets. When that happened, West became the 22nd player to suit up in a Nets uniform this season. That is one player shy of tying the franchise mark of 23 set in both 1996-97 and 1998-99. Amazingly, West scored a career-high 13 points. BIG DAY:  Nets center  Brook Lopez  celebrated his 23rd birthday on Friday. UP NEXT:  For the Nets, Sunday vs. Miami, Tuesday vs. Minnesota, Wednesday @ Detroit. For the Sixers, Saturday @ Milwaukee, Tuesday @ Boston, Wednesday vs. New York.  