  Thunder-Bobcats notebook   By Derek S. Smith, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday December 21, 2010 10:27PM THE FACTS: Kevin Durant  scored 32 points to lead the Oklahoma City Thunder to a 99-81 win over the struggling Charlotte Bobcats Tuesday night at Time Warner Cable Arena. Oklahoma City blitzed Charlotte in the fourth outscoring them 31-12. The Bobcats were led by  Stephen Jackson's  20 points. QUOTABLE : "Our defense was good throughout the game and we kicked it up a notch in the fourth quarter. We were able to scramble and then get some easy baskets on the other end."   -- Thunder forward  Kevin Durant THE STAT:  18 fast break points. Oklahoma City used its athleticism to take the game Tuesday night. The Thunder dominated the boards 44-32 which included 34 defensive rebounds. That rebounding edge allowed the Thunder to use their speed and quickness to their advantage and get out on the break where they outscored Charlotte 18-6. TURNING POINT:  Start of the fourth quarter. Charlotte took the lead at 69-68 after a three-point play from Stephen Jackson to close the third quarter, but after that it was all Oklahoma City. The Thunder reeled off a 7-0 run over 1:48 to start the final frame and take a lead they would never relinquish. HOT:  Oklahoma City in the fourth quarter. The Thunder shot 62.5 percent from the floor and connected on four of its seven shots from behind the arc and were a perfect seven-for-seven from the line. NOT:  Charlotte in the fourth quarter. The Bobcats managed just 12 points in the fourth quarter. Charlotte didn't make its first field goal until the 2:54 mark and was a total of 4-for-16 from the floor in the quarter. It was the second night in a row that the Bobcats struggled for a quarter in the second half. Charlotte scored just 11 points in the third quarter Monday nights in its loss at Washington. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Kevin Durant. The Thunder all-star netted 32 points on 8-for-13 shooting. Durant also connected on 14-of-16 attempts at the charity stripe. He added seven rebounds, three assists, one steal and one block. It was his tenth 30-plus point game of the season. He is averaging 28.2 over his last five games. ROOKIE WATCH: Sherron Collins  was the lone rookie to see action in Charlotte Tuesday night. Collins scored five points in 14 minutes of action after being recalled from the Maine Red Claws of the NBDL earlier in the day. NOTABLE : Nike announced that the Brand Jordan Classic is moving from Madison Square Garden to Charlotte's Time Warner Cable Arena. The event will be held April 16. Despite claiming no changes would be made Larry Brown started Kwame Brown and Matt Carroll. The Thunder are now 8-1 after a loss. Charlotte had double figure blocked shots for the seventh time this season. Thunder guard Russell Westbook has scored in double figures in all 29 games this season. UP NEXT : For the Thunder, Wednesday @ New York, Saturday vs. Denver, Monday vs. Dallas. For the Bobcats, Monday vs. Detroit, Wednesday vs. Cleveland and Friday vs. Golden State.  