  Mavericks-Trail Blazers notebook   By Kerry Eggers, for NBA.com Posted Monday April 4, 2011 12:32AM THE FACTS:   Gerald Wallace  scored 19 points to lead six Trail Blazers in double figures in a 104-96 victory over Dallas Sunday night at the Rose Garden. It was the eighth straight home victory for Portland (45-32), which remains in sixth place in the Western Conference, a game ahead of both Memphis and New Orleans (44-33).  Shawn Marion  scored 19 points for Dallas (53-24), which lost its third game in a row. QUOTABLE:  "Defensively, we made (the Mavericks) work. The execution on the offensive end was really good -- recognizing the mismatches and going to them right away. We were sharp."   -- Portland coach  Nate McMillan . THE STAT:  With Dallas center  Tyson Chandler  (back) out of action, Portland pounded the Mavericks inside, winning the points-in-the-paint battle 50-38. TURNING POINT:  The Mavericks were within 76-65 late in the third quarter when  Rudy Fernandez  keyed a 9-0 Portland run, finishing it with a driving dunk for an 85-65 lead late in the period. Dallas scored heavily in garbage time to make the final count respectable. QUOTABLE II:  "It's not about trying to match up with anyone. It's about winning games, finding a rhythm down the stretch and just getting to the playoffs."   --  LaMarcus Aldridge , asked if the Blazers were trying to make a statement against a potential postseason opponents. If the playoffs began today, No. 3 Dallas would face No. 6 Portland in the first round. HOT:  Wallace did most of his damage on drives to the basket, making 8 of 10 shots from the field. NOT:  Dallas guard  Jason Kidd  looked like a 38-year-old veteran playing his fourth game in five nights. Kidd went scoreless on 0-for-6 shooting. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Wallace filled the scoresheet with 19 points, eight rebounds, three assists and three steals in 37 minutes. INSIDE THE ARENA:  It was the Trail Blazers' fourth annual "Green Awareness" game, promoting sustainability, recycling and renewable energy. The Rose Garden became the first existing professional sports venue in the world to achieve the Leadership in Energy & Environmental Design (LEED) Gold Certification in 2010. GOOD MOVE:  Fernandez made the hustle play of the game. Playing defense late in the third quarter, he tipped a Marion pass, raced to the sideline to retrieve the ball and made a baseball pass to Wallace for a fast-break layup. BAD MOVE:  With his team trailing 93-74 and 8:49 remaining, Dallas coach  Rick Carlisle  reinserted  Dirk Nowitzki  in the game. Nowitzki played the rest of the way and played 35 minutes when a rest at this point in the season with defeat all but inevitable would have been a good idea. ROOKIE WATCH:  Portland center  Chris Johnson  entered the game (surprisingly) in the second quarter and made a nice dipsy-do reverse layup off the glass. NOTABLE:  The teams split their season series 2-2, with each team winning twice on its homecourt. UP NEXT:  For the Blazers, Golden State Tuesday, @ Utah Thursday, L.A. Lakers Friday. For the Mavericks, Denver Wednesday, L.A. Clippers Friday, Phoenix Sunday.  