Notebook: Bulls 100, Celtics 99 
 
 
 Brian Robb, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Jan 18, 2013 11:48 PM - Updated Fri Jan 18, 2013 11:48 PM 
 
 THE FACTS: Marco Belinelli  hit a go-ahead fadeaway jumper with three seconds remaining in overtime, as the Chicago Bulls escaped the TD Garden with a hard fought 100-99 victory over the Boston Celtics.  Richard Hamilton  had a team-high 20 points for the visitors, who led by as many as 10, but had to battle back from a late deficit in regulation and overtime to overcome a season-high 30 points from  Rajon Rondo . It was the third straight win overall for the Bulls, while the Celtics dropped the final two games over their five-game homestand.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "It was a dog fight. It's one of those games that was a war from the beginning. It was kind of a like a rollercoaster ride. We're just happy that we made the last shot" --  Hamilton. 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Despite forcing 21 turnovers by the Bulls, the Celtics were not able to translate those miscues into their own points, as they scored just seven points off those mistakes.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  With 12 seconds remaining in regulation and the Bulls trailing 88-86,  Joakim Noah  forced a jumpball with  Paul Pierce  after an inbounds pass. The center won the tip easily, which enabled  Kirk Hinrich  to hit an open jumper on the ensuing possession and force overtime.  
 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I didn't think we played very well. I didn't think we played very smart. We hung in there, which is a good sign. We made a lot of little mistakes and they won the game. They did make some unbelievable shots." --  Boston coach  Doc Rivers. 
 
 
 
 HOT:   Rondo -- Boston's floor general could not be contained by the Bulls defense in the second half, pouring in 18 of his 30 points after intermission on 6-of-9 shooting.   
 
 NOT: Kevin Garnett  -- The newly elected All-Star starter could not find the bottom of the net over the first three quarters, missing nine of his first ten attempts before heating up during the fourth quarter and overtime.  
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Noah  -- The 27-year-old center has his 19th double-double of the season, posting an efficient 14 points along with 13 rebounds over a game-high 45 minutes of action.  
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA: Stevan Ridley  and  Patrick Chung , teammates on the New England Patriots both enjoyed the contest from courtside and received a rousing ovation from the TD Garden crowd.  
 
 ROOKIE WATCH: Jared Sullinger  -- The rookie forward fared exceptionally well against a formidable Bulls front line, grabbing 15 rebounds over a season-high 38 minutes of action before fouling out in the final minute of overtime.   
 
 NOTABLE: Luol Deng  left the game in the fourth quarter after aggravating a sprained hamstring. He did not return.  Avery Bradley  sat out with sore ribs, suffered in the loss against the New Orleans Hornets Wednesday night.  Leandro Barbosa  started in his place. The Bulls have won 14 straight games on the road. The Celtics did not lead until the fourth quarter. Pierce passed  Robert Parish  for 22nd on the NBA all-time scoring list.  Carlos Boozer  had a season-high 20 rebounds.      
 
 
 UP NEXT:  For Chicago, Saturday vs. Memphis, Monday vs. LA Lakers, Wednesday vs. Detroit. For Boston, Sunday @ Detroit, Tuesday @ Cleveland, Thursday vs. New York.  
