Notebook: 76ers 104, Bobcats 98 
 
 
 Derek S. Smith, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Nov 30, 2012 10:30 PM - Updated Fri Nov 30, 2012 10:56 PM 
 
 THE FACTS: Jason Richardson  scored 14 of his season-high 22 points in the fourth quarter and  Evan Turner  added a game-high 25 points as the Philadelphia 76ers downed the host Charlotte Bobcats Friday night at Time Warner Cable Arena.  Ben Gordon  led the Bobcats off the bench with 19 points. It was the third straight win for the 76ers and the third consecutive loss for the Bobcats.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I was just being aggressive out there. We were struggling a little bit in the fourth and when Evan came out of the game I knew I had to pick up my offense and help the team win. We're really sharing the ball right now and finding the open man." -- Philadelphia guard Richardson. 
 
 THE STAT:  Philadelphia controlled the interior offensively Friday. The 76ers connected on 28-of-45 shots in the paint for a total of 56 points. The claimed 13 offensive rebounds and made eight put backs for 18 total second-chance points. The Bobcats inability to guard in the post has been problematic in their losses 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Richardson and Turner capped a 12-4 run in impressive fashion to finish off the Bobcats Friday night. The teams were tied at 83 with 7:52 to play when Philly took the lead for good on a  Jrue Holliday -assisted 3-pointer from Richardson. Richardson connected on the third three in the spurt for a six-point cushion and then Turner closed out the run with a nifty up and under move on the left side for a 95-87 lead.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "Jason (Richardson) was our ace of spades tonight. I need Jason fresh at the end of games and you can see why. He was tremendous. His threes were big for us and he did a good job chasing on defense.  He's key for us." -- Philadelphia coach  Doug Collins. 
 
 
 HOT:  The 76ers offense was on fire in the first half. Philadelphia was 24-of-41 (58.5 percent) from the floor in the first 24 minutes including 3-of-6 from the 3-point line and a perfect 3-of-3 from the free throw line.  Thaddeus Young  was the team's top scorer with 12 points on 6-of-7 shooting. Holiday had 10 assists in the first half and team assisted on 17 of 24 made baskets. For the game the 76ers shot 51.2 percent which represents a season high eclipsing their 49.5 percent shooting night against Oklahoma City. 
 
 NOT:  Ben Gordon in the second half was limited to just four points. The Bobcats stayed in the game in the first half thanks to a hot-shooting Gordon. The Bobcats guard netted 15 points on 6-of-11 shooting in just 16 minutes of action in the opening half including a perfect 3-of-3 from behind the arc. Gordon however was held to just four points in the second half by the 76ers. When combining the second half against Atlanta on Wednesday and the first half from Friday against the 76ers, Gordon scored 35 points. 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Evan Turner is on fire of late for the 76ers. The Philadelphia forward scored a game-high 25 points and 10-of-15 shooting and added 10 rebounds on the night. Turner has scored in double figures in a career-best eight straight games  and is averaging 22.3 points in his last four outings. Turner has sunk 6 of his last 11 threes and collected his second double-double in the last five games and fourth overall on the year.  
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Charlotte's pair of rookies continue to play big roles for the team.  Michael Kidd-Gilchrist  went for 10 points, eight rebounds, two assists and a steal in the loss while  Jeff Taylor  scored tied his career-high with 16 points with two assists, one steal and one rebound. Philly's  Maalik Wayans  had five points on the night and now has scored 22 points in his last three games after getting just two points in his first six games played.  
 
 NOTABLE:  Kidd-Gilchrist scored in double figures for the sixth time in eight games while Taylor posted double figures for the sixth time in seven games.  Bismack Biyombo  had a career-high tying 14 points. Gordon led the team in scoring for the second straight game and notched his ninth double figure game of the season.  Kemba Walker's  nine assists matches his season high.  Byron Mullens  was in double figures for the eighth time in his last nine outings. 76ers guard Holiday tallied 13 points and a career-high 15 assists, posting season highs in assists for 76ers and for a Bobcats opponent. It was his second straight double-double and sixth of the season.  Thaddeus Young  scored in double figures for the 14th time this season.  Lavoy Allen  scored 10 points and grabbed 10 rebounds to record his first double-double of the season. Richardson scored 20-plus points for the fourth time this season.  
 
 UP NEXT : For the 76ers: Saturday @ Chicago, Tuesday vs. Minnesota, Friday vs. Boston. Friday @ Denver. For the Bobcats: Monday vs. Portland, Wednesday vs. New York, Friday @ Milwaukee. 
