  Notebook: Wolves 120, Rockets 108   By Matt Miller, for NBA.com Posted Monday January 30, 2012 11:34PM THE FACTS:  With  Michael Beasley  healthy again and regaining his form, rookie  Ricky Rubio  developing with each game and  Kevin Love  being, well, Kevin Love, the Minnesota Timberwolves may have discovered their own "Big Three." Beasley scored a season-high 34 points off the bench, Love added 29 points and seven rebounds and Rubio chipped in with 18 points, 11 assists and eight rebounds to lead Minnesota past the Houston Rockets, 120-108, on Monday at Toyota Center. The Wolves' trio shot a combined 26-for-39 (66.7 percent) while tearing holes through Houston's defense, which allowed opponent season highs in shooting percentage and points. Kevin Martin  poured in a team-high 29 points on 9-for-15 shooting in his return from a two-game absence (inflammation in right heel) to lead the Rockets (12-9), who had won nine of their last 10 games and 15 of their last 16 meetings with the Wolves (10-11). QUOTABLE:  "I've seen Beas [Beasley] score in a couple games like that. ... One thing we're trying to build with him is a consistency. He was focused tonight. Me and Beas came in early today and got our work done, and I just wanted to help him with focus, because I think when he's focused he can't be stopped. ... He did all the work, but I just wanted to help him get in a zone."  --  Minnesota guard  Martell Webster  on Beasley's potential. THE STAT:  The Wolves became just the second Rockets opponent in the last 14 games to connect on at least 46 percent of its field-goal attempts, shooting a season-best 58.1 percent (43-for-74) overall. This was certainly a great way for Minnesota to bounce back after a dismal 38.5 percent (40-for-104) effort in Sunday's loss to the Lakers. TURNING POINT:  The Wolves buried the Rockets with a franchise-record 42-point third quarter on 62.5 percent shooting (15-for-24), including a 4-for-7 effort from 3-point range. After handing out only six assists in the first half, Minnesota started to work the ball around the court more and pushed the tempo off six Houston turnovers en route to eight third-period assists. The Rockets' defense showed little resistance throughout this game, but it looked particularly lethargic coming out of the break. QUOTABLE II:  "We never found anything defensively that we could hang our hat on. ... It just felt like one of those games where we were stuck in the mud."  --  Houston head coach  Kevin McHale . GOOD MOVE:  After spending the first half distributing the ball to his teammates, Rubio attacked the basket with aggression and looked for his shot in the third period. The adjustment paid off for Minnesota and Rubio, who scored 12 points on 4-for-4 shooting and dished out five assists during the Wolves' third-quarter onslaught. HOT:  Beasley has rounded back into shape quickly after missing 11 games due to a right mid-foot sprain, scoring at least 15 points in back-to-back contests. After tying the Wolves' franchise-record for scoring off the bench (34 points) on 10-for-14 shooting (12-for-12 at the free-throw line) to go with three rebounds and one steal Monday, Beasley is averaging 24.5 points on 17-for-29 (58.6 percent) shooting, 7.5 rebounds and 1.5 steals over his last two contests QUOTABLE III:  "No disrespect to [Rockets guard]  Courtney Lee , but he's like a foot shorter than me."  --  Beasley on Lee, who simply was outmatched when attempting to defend Beasley in the post. NOT:  Houston's 3-point-shooting woes continued Monday as the Rockets shot a mediocre 7-for-19 from long distance. Houston has drained only 31.2 percent (24-for-77) of its attempts from beyond the arc over its last four games, failing to eclipse the 37-percent mark in all of these contests. BAD MOVE:  In the first quarter, Rockets forward  Luis Scola  was falling out of bounds underneath Houston's basket when he threw the basketball against Love to avoid a turnover. The only problem was that the ball inadvertently smacked against Love's groin area, knocking the All-Star forward to the floor for a couple moments in what was one of the most painful hustle plays of this season. NOTABLE:  Minnesota played without starting center  Darko Milicic  (illness), who has low potassium levels and did not travel with the team. Wolves guard  J.J. Barea  traveled with the team but remains sidelined as he recovers from a strained left hamstring. ... Minnesota has won two games in a row at Toyota Center. ... Love failed to record a double-double for only the second time in 21 games this season. ... The Wolves improved to 4-1 on the road against Western-Conference foes. ... Minnesota won for the first time this season (1-6) when allowing at least 100 points. ... Houston fell to 0-6 when its opponent connects on at least 50 percent of its shots. ... Houston lost for the first time this season (7-1) when scoring at least 100 points. ... Martin has netted at least 25 points in five consecutive games. UP NEXT:  For the Wolves, Wednesday vs. Indiana, Friday @ New Jersey, Saturday vs. Houston. For the Rockets, Wednesday @ San Antonio, Friday vs. Phoenix, Saturday @ Minnesota.  