  Cavaliers-Lakers notebook   By Bryan Chu, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday January 12, 2011 1:51AM THE FACTS:  It's a rarity that Lakers coach  Phil Jackson  isn't familiar with the opposing team's players. Well he admitted so Tuesday against a Cleveland team filled with undrafted players and NBA D-League players. And the Cavaliers played like it. The Cavaliers, who have been injury-plagued all season, struggled from tipoff and the game quickly turned into a scrimmage just mere minutes into the first quarter as the Lakers posted a record-setting night defensively, crushing the Cavaliers 112-57 Tuesday at Staples Center. The Lakers (28-11) held the Cavaliers to the fewest points scored by a Laker opponent in the shot clock era. The previous low was 66 points by the Charlotte Hornets on March 12, 2002. The margin of victory (55) by the Lakers was the third largest in team history (63 was the most against the Warriors on March 19, 1972). The 57 points posted by the Cavaliers (8-30) were the fewest they have scored in franchise history. The previous low was 59 points against the Spurs on March 25, 1997. Los Angeles has now won five straight and held its opponents to under 100 points each time. During this stretch, Los Angeles is holding its opponents to 83.8 points per game and 41.5 percent shooting. In their largest margin of victory this season, seven Lakers finished in double figures.  Ron Artest  and  Andrew Bynum  led the way with 15 points. The Cavaliers (8-30) have now lost 11 straight and 21 of their last 22. They are now 1-13 against Western Conference opponents this season. The lone bright spot -- if there was one -- for the Cavaliers was forward  Alonzo Gee , who finished with a team-high 12 points.  Mo Williams  finished the game with two points on 1-for-9 shooting in 26 minutes.  Antawn Jamison  had six points on 3-for-10 shooting in 31 minutes. Just how bad did it get for the Cavaliers? Well, when  Manny Harris  drilled a jumper in the third quarter, the Staples Center crowd started to cheer. It didn't help that the Lakers, who shot 53.5 percent, were making shot after shot. Lakers guard  Shannon Brown  even drilled a standing 42-foot trey at the buzzer to give the Lakers a 92-41 lead heading into the fourth quarter. QUOTABLE:  "Crazy. Karma is a b****. Gets you every time. It's not good to wish bad on anybody. God sees everything!"   -- Heat forward  LeBron James  tweet at 9:30 p.m. QUOTABLE II:  "Nah. You forget who you are talking to you. I feel for [Cleveland coach]  Byron  [ Scott ], but as far as the game goes, your trying to beat them by as many points as you can beat them."   --  Kobe Bryant  on whether he is empathetic when beating a team by this many points. THE STAT:  2 -- In the first quarter, no Cavalier had more than two points. THE STAT II:  5 -- No Cavaliers player had more than five points by halftime. THE STAT III:  56 -- The largest lead by the Lakers. TURNING POINT:  It wasn't much a turning point play, but a play that typified the night. Cleveland center  Ryan Hollins  had a pass picked off by  Pau Gasol , who fed it to Bryant. With a clear path to the basket, Bryant opted to throw the ball off the glass to Bynum who bashed in a two-hand dunk. On the sideline, Scott couldn't only dip his head down and cover his hand over his face. QUOTABLE III:  "I hope the guys in [the locker room] feel like I do. I felt embarrassed. Guys looked scared. Flat-out scared...they looked scared to death."   -- Scott on his team's performance. QUOTABLE IV:  "[This loss is] definitely by far one of the most embarrassing moments that I've been a part of as far as the game of basketball. It can't get any worse than this. I don't know how much of this I can take but this by far is rock bottom."   -- Jamison on the loss. HOT:  Gasol had a double-double (13 points, 10 rebounds) by halftime and finished with 13 points and 14 rebounds to go along with three steals. NOT:  The Cavaliers as a team. They shot just 29.9 percent form the field. Only two players finished in double figures. ROOKIE WATCH:  Harris struggled in this contest after averaging 16.5 points in his last two games. Harris posted eight points on 2-for-8 shooting. NOTABLE:  Lakers forward  Matt Barnes  underwent successful right knee surgery after tearing his lateral meniscus against the Hornets on Jan. 7. Barnes will be out eight weeks, the Lakers said. ... Lakers newly acquired  Joe Smith  saw his first minutes as a Laker. He had four rebounds and missed the only shot he took in 6:13 of play. ... The Lakers led by as many as 17 in the first quarter, 23-6, and by halftime they were up 57-25. The Cavaliers' 25 halftime points was the fewest points the Lakers gave up this season. The Lakers all-time opponent low scored for a first half was 19 points against the Clippers on Dec 14, 1999. Cleveland made just four field goals in the second quarter, shooting 26.3 percent. UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Wednesday @ Golden State, Friday vs. New Jersey, Sunday @ Los Angeles. For the Cavaliers, Wednesday @ Utah, Thursday @ Denver, Wednesday vs. Phoenix.  