  Sixers-Celtics notebook   By Brian Robb, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday December 22, 2010 11:25PM THE FACTS:  The Boston Celtics came from behind to win their 14th straight game over the pesky Philadelphia 76ers 84-80. The C's pulled out the victory despite shooting a season-low 38.8 percent from the field.  Ray Allen  led all scorers with 22 points for Boston.  Elton Brand  had 16 points for the 76ers in the loss. QUOTABLE:  "We've won games in the 100's. We've won games in the 80's. That's the versatility of this team this year. We just are finding ways to grind it out. We don't who is going to be out there each night. No excuses, we just find a way."    --  Paul Pierce THE STAT:  The Celtics won the game despite only shooting 25 percent from the field in the fourth quarter (4-for-16). Boston made up for the subpar shooting with their aggressiveness, getting to the line 14 times in the closing 12 minutes. TURNING POINT:  Up two with just under a minute remaining,  Kevin Garnett  starred for Boston during two crucial defensive stops, thwarting Philly's  Andre Iguodala  on multiple drives to the baskets, enabling the Celtics to hold on for the win. QUOTABLE II:  "We showed a lot of character and a lot of heart. That's more what this team is like. It's disappointing we didn't close out this win tonight but we played strong, we played well"    -- Elton Brand HOT:  Allen came out firing in the first quarter, hitting five of his first seven shots, which included a buzzer-beating jumper as time expired in the opening frame. He finished the quarter with 11 points overall. NOT:  Pierce could not find the bottom of the net for the better part of four quarters. Iguodala did well to limit his effectiveness on the offensive end. Thanks to that tough defense, Boston's small forward missed his first seven shots, and hit just 4-for-15 attempts on the evening. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Brand bounced back from a subpar outing last night in Chicago to post 16 points and 12 rebounds, his sixth double-double during the month of December.  INSIDE THE ARENA:  Red Sox slugger  David Ortiz  watched the game alongside Patriots lineman  Vince Wilfork  from courtside.  ROOKIE WATCH:   Avery Bradley  looked comfortable for Boston off the bench at the guard spot. He had a nice steal and fast break layup in the second quarter.  Semih Erden , who is still limited with shoulder and groin issues, grabbed five rebounds in 11 minutes of play. NOTABLE:   Nate Robinson  left the Celtics bench area in the first quarter to have his right ankle re-taped. He returned to the game with 8:02 left in the second quarter. Boston shot a season-low 39.5 percent in the first half. The Celtics outscored Philadelphia in the paint 34-18. The 76ers finished with just 14 assists. Boston had just 10 turnovers, including only two in the second half. Philadelphia had a 15-0 edge in free throw attempts in the second quarter. UP NEXT:  For the 76ers, Sunday @ Denver, Monday @ Golden State, Wednesday @ Phoenix. For the Celtics, Saturday @ Orlando, Tuesday @ Indiana Wednesday @ Detroit.  