  Hornets-Magic notebook   By Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com Posted Friday February 11, 2011 11:34PM THE FACTS:   Willie Green  scored a season-high 24 points and the New Orleans Hornets broke a four-game losing streak with a 99-93 victory over the Orlando Magic.  David West  had 17 points and 17 rebounds for the Hornets, who held the Magic to four points over the final 8:38 in completing a two-game sweep of Orlando. Green had a big first quarter, then hit a 3-pointer and a long turnaround jumper in the Hornets' game-closing 14-4 run.  Dwight Howard  led the Magic with 20 points (only two in the last 21 minutes) and 17 rebounds. QUOTABLE:  "Too bad we're not in the East."    -- Hornets guard  Chris Paul QUOTABLE II:  "Bottom line is that we can't beat a good team ... we've lost eight straight to teams that are over .500 right now and we haven't been able to play at the level we need to play. We get another chance on Sunday [against the Lakers] but we haven't been able to raise our game to that level.    -- Magic coach  Stan Van Gundy THE STAT:  The Magic shot 5-for-18 and missed all four of their 3-point shots in a 13-point fourth quarter. They also had six turnovers. TURNING POINT:  With 8:38 left and the Magic leading by two, technical fouls were called on the Hornets'  David Anderson  and coach  Monty Williams . The free throws gave Orlando an 89-84 lead, but the rest of the game was all Hornets. HOT:  Green made three of the Hornets' first four baskets and shot 10-for-20, moslty from long range. NOT:  The Magic shot 5-for-21 from 3-point range, and they are a frigid 65-for-228 (.285) over the last nine games. GOOD MOVE:  Although they looked disastrous at the time, the technicals on Anderson and Williams sparked the Hornets. QUOTABLE III:  "We've been feeling like we don't get calls all year long because of me being a rookie coach ... One of my rules is not getting fourth-quarter techs, and that was kind of stupid at that point. But the game changed in our favor."    -- Monty Williams BAD MOVE:  The Hornets did not put Howard on the free-throw line in the fourth quarter. It was the eighth time this season Howard has missed eight or more free throws in a game. NOTABLE:  Hornets forward  Trevor Ariza  played 40-plus minutes after missing three games with a sprained left ankle ...  Emeka Okafor , a major factor in the Hornets' win over the Magic a month ago, was out with a strained oblique muscle . . . The Magic's last victory over a team currently holding a winning record was a 117-107 decision against a Dallas team playing without  Dirk Nowitzki  on Jan. 8 ...  Earl Clark  matched his career scoring high of 14 for Orlando. UP NEXT:  For the Hornets, Saturday vs. Chicago, Tuesday @ Golden State, Wednesday @ Portland. For the Magic, Sunday vs. L.A. Lakers, Wednesday vs. Washington, Wednesday (Feb. 23) vs. Sacramento.  