  Kings-Rockets notebook   By Matt Miller, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday April 6, 2011 12:47AM THE FACTS:  The Houston Rockets' offense slammed into a wall at the most inopportune time. Samuel Dalembert  scored 21 points, grabbed 15 rebounds and blocked three shots to lead six Kings in double figures, as Sacramento halted Houston's seven-game home winning streak and late-season playoff push with a 104-101 victory Tuesday at Toyota Center.  Marcus Thornton  poured in 15 of his 21 points in the second half for the Kings (23-54), who have made their own late-season surge by winning six of the last eight games. Kevin Martin  scored a game-high 30 points to pace Houston (41-37), which blew a chance to gain ground on the Memphis Grizzlies in the race for the Western Conference's final playoff spot. The Rockets sit three games behind the Grizzlies with only four regular-season contests remaining for each team. Houston found open looks at the basket from mid and long range throughout the game, but it clanked most of them to finish 42.6 percent (40-for-94) from the field. The Kings clogged the paint and outrebounded the Rockets 40-30 on the defensive glass. QUOTABLE:  "I kind of think we didn't take this game as seriously as we should have. ... Today, when the shots didn't fall, the frustration got to us a little bit."  --  Rockets guard  Kyle Lowry . THE STAT:  The Kings became the fourth opponent in the Rockets' last eight games to net at least 55 points in the paint, dominating Houston inside by a count of 58-36. TURNING POINT:  The Rockets' dismal shooting allowed the Kings to control this game from the second quarter on, but Houston somehow entered the fourth period down by only two points. Sacramento maintained its poise, capitalized on the Rockets' inability to sink open shots and kept Houston off the offensive glass en route to building a 92-80 lead with less than six minutes remaining. QUOTABLE II:  "It can be easy just to say, 'the season's over with,' but this team has a lot of toughness and heart. That's going to be our identity from here on out."  --  Thornton on Sacramento's refusal to quit on this season. HOT:  Dalembert,  DeMarcus Cousins  (15 points, 15 rebounds) and  Jason Thompson  were a three-headed monster that terrorized the Rockets inside during the first half. They combined for 27 points on 11-for-17 shooting, 23 of the Kings' 26 first-half rebounds and seven assists. The trio also played a critical role in Sacramento's 20-4 edge in the paint during the second period. NOT:  Martin, usually a stellar free-throw shooter, missed four of his eight free-throw attempts. Kings coach  Paul Westphal  summed it up well by saying, "That's very uncharacteristic of him." FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Cousins stayed aggressive on the defensive glass and scored almost at will during the first half. In fact, the rookie forward had a double-double before the end of the second quarter. But Cousin's production tailed off after halftime, turning what could have been a great night for his fantasy owners into an above-average performance. GOOD MOVE:  The Kings picked the correct times to push the tempo off Houston's misses and turnovers, leading to several easy buckets. Although the Rockets are known for their run-and-gun style of play, Sacramento found the right balance between letting the pace get out of their favor and never taking advantage of fast-break opportunities. ROOKIE WATCH:  Houston forward  Patrick Patterson  made a pair of nifty defensive plays and blocked two shots to go along with his six points and five rebounds. NOTABLE:  Sacramento improved to 11-18 in games decided by five points or less. ... The Kings are now 12-4 when they shoot 50-plus percent from the field. ...Dalembert has posted 13 double-doubles this season, while Cousins has recorded nine in the last 19 games...Six of the Rockets' last seven opponents have made at least 50 percent of their field-goal attempts... Martin has netted at least 30 points in three consecutive contests...Houston shot 14-for-21 (66.7 percent) at the free-throw line. UP NEXT:  For the Kings, Wednesday @ San Antonio, Friday @ Memphis, Sunday @ Golden State. For the Rockets, Wednesday @ New Orleans, Saturday vs. L.A. Clippers, Monday vs. Dallas  