  Notebook: Raptors 103, Pistons 93  Posted Wednesday February 22, 2012 11:35PM By Duane Watson, for NBA.com THE FACTS:   DeMar DeRozan  had 23 points and 7 rebounds while  Leandro Barbosa  came off the bench for 17 points as the Toronto Raptors beat the Detroit Pistons 103-93 at the Air Canada Centre on Wednesday night. The win snaps a four-game skid for the Raptors, who got their second victory in a franchise-tying seven-game homestand. The Pistons played their second in a back-to-back, losing to the Cavaliers on Tuesday night 101-100. They couldn't get it going tonight and were out shot, out rebounded, out passed and out hustled beating them in a number of statistical categories. They are now on a two-game losing streak and are 3-14 on the road this season. For the Raptors,  James Johnson  scored 15 points and  Aaron Gray  chipped in a double double with 12 points and 12 rebounds. Jose Calderon had a game-high 15 assists. Detroit was led by their All-Star delegates,  Greg Monroe  and  Brandon Knight , 30 points and 14 rebounds and16 points respectively. Both will be playing in the Rising Stars Challenge game in Orlando this weekend. QUOTABLE:  "We definitely needed that and I hope it carries over into the second half of the season. Detroit has been playing extremely well, so that was a good test for us."   -- Raptors forward  DeMar DeRozan THE STAT:  Calderon is third in the league in assists averaging 8.9 per game had a game high 15. The Pistons as a whole could only muster 16. While the two point-guard tandem of Knight and  Rodney Stuckey  has been effective during the Pistons recent run, they had difficulty moving the ball and only had four assists between them. TURNING POINT:  Even though the Raptors were up 23 points in the fourth quarter, the Pistons made a 22-8 run to bring the game within 9. It wasn't until Barbosa's fast -break layup with 33.3 seconds in the game making it 101-89 that the Raptors victory was assured. QUOTABLE II:  "I just like to play basketball. Whatever the game is giving me, I'll take. If they are double teaming, then the pass has to be somewhere. I just let Jose (Calderon) run the floor and he gets everyone else facilitating."   -- Raptors forward  James Johnson HOT:  DeRozan shot 5 for 6 from the field and 4 for 4 from the free throw line for 14 points in the first half. The Raptors shot 57.5 percent as a team from the field and lead at the half 53-45. "I like to start off quick and have my team follow right behind me," DeRozan said. NOT:  While a number of their shots weren't falling, the Pistons shot 2 for 11 from the 3-point line for the game. Both made baskets came courtesy of Knight with less than eight minutes left In the fourth quarter. GOOD MOVE:  With 8:07 left in the game and an 89-66 score for the Raptors, Pistons head coach  Lawrence Frank  inserted Knight back into the game. He immediately made an impact, hitting the team's first 3-point shot of the game and assisting on a Jonas Jerebko dunk to start a 22-8 run, bringing the game to within 9 points. NOTABLE:  The Pistons have no dropped two in a row after wining their previous three games. ... The victory also ends Toronto's three game losing streak versus Detroit. ... The Raptors shot .429 from beyond the arc, while holding Detroit to an opponent season low .167 from three-point range. ... DeRozan has scored 20 or more points in six of the last nine games. ... Gray's double-double was his first of the year, with season highs in points (12) and rebounds (12). ... Monroe's 30 point game was his second 30 point game of his career. UP NEXT:  Toronto is on a road trip after the All-Star break Tuesday @ Houston, Wednesday @New Orleans and vs Memphis on Friday. Detroit is at home after the break Tuesday vs. Philadelphia, Wednesday vs. Charlotte and Saturday @ Memphis.  