
 Knicks-Bucks notebook   By Rick Braun, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday November 9, 2010 11:29PM THE FACTS:   Brandon Jennings  scored 19 points and added six assists as the Milwaukee Bucks broke out of a shooting slump with a torrid first quarter on their way to a 107-80 victory over the New York Knicks on Tuesday at the Bradley Center. The Bucks (3-5) entered the game shooting just 39.9 percent for the season but made 13 of their first 15 shots and took a 41-19 lead after the first quarter. Milwaukee finished with seven players in double figures. The Knicks (3-4) never got closer than 14 the rest of the way. QUOTABLE:  "Our energy level was high tonight. Playing against a team like the Knicks, a team that shoots a lot of threes and gets out rolling, you have to bring a lot of energy in the beginning, and I think that's what we did."   -- Jennings on the Bucks' quick start THE STAT:  After entering the game shooting just 39.9 percent as a team, the Bucks exploded in the first quarter to make 13 of their first 15 shots. They ended the first quarter 15-for-22 to hold a 41-19 lead. Of their seven missed shots, the Bucks claimed four offensive rebounds. TURNING POINT: Drew Gooden  entered the game shooting just 39.3 percent but was 4-for-5 in the opening 4:49 as the Bucks raced to a 20-10 lead. QUOTABLE II:  "He and Bogues  (Andrew Bogut)  got into it and I thought he was addressing our bench and I thought I'd address him back."   -- Bucks coach  Scott Skiles , on New York forward  Amar'e Stoudemire , who was given a technical foul when he and Bogut tussled briefly on the way down the court in the third quarter. HOT:  Bogut didn't have many opportunities, but he didn't miss on any of them, going 5-for-5 to score 10 points. NOT:  After his 4-for-5 start, Gooden made just one more shot out of his next 10 and finished at 5-for-15. He is now shooting just 38 percent (27-for-71) on the season. GOOD MOVE:  Bucks coach Skiles started  Luc Richard Mbah a Moute  in place of the injured  Carlos Delfino  (neck). The Bucks are 2-0 when Mbah a Moute starts. ROOKIE WATCH:  New York guard  Landry Fields  had eight points and center  Timofey Mozgov  added seven points and five rebounds. NOTABLE:  Milwaukee's Delfino did not play because of a strained neck. Mbah a Moute started in his place and posted 10 points and eight rebounds. Mbah a Moute left in the third quarter for X-rays on his right elbow after getting his arm twisted while caught up in a screen, but X-rays were negative and he returned to the game. ... Bucks guard  John Salmons  had a basket taken away minutes after he made the shot early in the fourth quarter, as replay review showed it came after the shot clock had expired and the call was overturned. ... With just under a minute left and the Bucks ahead by 107-77, Milwaukee rookie  Larry Sanders  earned a loud ovation by sprinting after a loose ball and diving on the court to try to save the ball. UP NEXT:  For New York, Wednesday vs. Golden State, Friday @ Minnesota, Monday vs. Houston. For Milwaukee, Wednesday @ Atlanta, Saturday vs. Golden State, Tuesday vs. Los Angeles Lakers. 
