
 Clippers-Hornets notebook   By Larry Holder, for NBA.com Posted Thursday February 24, 2011 12:52AM THE FACTS:   David West  piled up 22 points while  Chris Paul  added 19 points and 10 assists as the New Orleans Hornets toppled the Los Angeles Clippers 98-87 on Wednesday night at the New Orleans Arena. It's the fewest points the Hornets have allowed in a month having given up 72 points to San Antonio on Jan. 22. Los Angeles has now lost nine of its last 11 games. QUOTABLE:  "That's the kind of game we've been playing all year long. When we play ugly games like that, those games feel good to us."   -- Hornets coach  Monty Williams  on earning a defensive-minded win THE STAT:  It would be easy to assume with the Clippers'  Blake Griffin  playing, the Hornets would have no chance in winning the points battle in the paint. New Orleans bucked that trend as it outscored Los Angeles 46-34 in the point, and that was without the injured  Emeka Okafor . Griffin had 21 points and 13 rebounds. TURNING POINT:  It came early for the Hornets as they finished the first quarter with a 12-0 run to end the period as New Orleans lead 23-16. The Hornets were really never threatened again. QUOTABLE II:  "When you turn it over that much, you're going to play on your heels. When you got a guy like Chris Paul, he'll pick you apart."   -- Clippers coach  Vinny Del Negro  on Los Angeles turning over the ball over 23 times and it turned into 25 New Orleans points HOT:  Hornets guard  Willie Green  added a significant punch New Orleans has needed at the two-guard. He scored 17 points on 7-for-11 shooting. Green scored 10 of his 17 points in the third quarter to help put the Clippers away. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Clippers guard  Randy Foye  continues to play well in  Eric Gordon 's absence. Foye was the only other force in the starting lineup scoring 15 points and picking up nine assists. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Former Saints quarterbacks  Archie Manning  and  Bobby Hebert  attended Wednesday night's game. NOTABLE:  Clippers guard  Baron Davis  (left knee) missed Wednesday night's game as rookie  Eric Bledsoe  started in his place.  The Los Angeles Times  reported that Davis may miss several games with the ailment. ... The Hornets finalized their trade with the Kings on Wednesday afternoon sending guard  Marcus Thornton  and cash to Sacramento in return for forward  Carl Landry . The trade is a bit of a double-edged sword for the Hornets. Landry brings much needed inside help to back up West or Okafor, but Thornton was a fan favorite who often brought the only bit of offense at the two-guard off the bench. Thornton's defensive inconsistencies kept Thornton's minutes erratic at best. Landry won't be available until Friday's game at Minnesota and will practice Thursday. ... Okafor (oblique strain) didn't play against the Clippers on Wednesday night. It's the 10th consecutive game he's missed. Williams said "in a perfect world" that Okafor would play Friday in Minnesota. Williams said Okafor did practice well, but forward  Jason Smith  started for Okafor. ... Center  Chris Kaman  was the only other play in double figures for the Clippers with 12 points. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Friday @ L.A. Lakers, Saturday vs. Boston, Monday @ Sacramento. For the Hornets, Friday @ Minnesota, Sunday vs. Houston, Tuesday @ Toronto. 
