  Hornets-Lakers notebook   By Bryan Chu, for NBA.com Posted Saturday January 8, 2011 2:44AM THE FACTS:  On a night  Kobe Bryant  reached another milestone, all the Lakers chipped in to hold off the Hornets, 101-97, Friday at Staples Center. Bryant, who had a game-high 25 points on 10-for-19 shooting, cracked the NBA's top-10 scorers of all time, surpassing  Oscar Robertson  for ninth on the list. Bryant now has 26,720 career points. Next on the list is  Hakeem Olajuwon  (26,946) followed by  Elvin Hayes  (27,313). Bryant's shot that put him past the Big O was a double-clutch, 8-foot runner that he banked in at the 1:09 mark in the third quarter. The Lakers (26-11), who had four other players finish in double figures, have now won three straight and five of their last six. This victory may have come at a cost, however, as  Matt Barnes  suffered a right knee injury in the second quarter. Barnes, who was noticeably limping when he left the locker room postgame, said he went up for a rebound, came down on one foot and then rolled his ankle. His leg got stuck and he fell back. "I never had any type of meniscus [injury], so I don't know what I'm supposed to be feeling," said Barnes who will have an MRI Saturday morning. "(The trainers) said it's that area, (the meniscus)." In the loss, the Hornets (21-16) had five players score in double figures.  David West  had a team-high 23 points and 12 rebounds.  Chris Paul  added 12 points and 10 rebounds and  Emeka Okafor  posted 13 points and 13 rebounds. QUOTABLE:  "It's cool. I don't really know what much to say. It's a great honor. Obviously Oscar, I paired so much of my game after his, Jerry [West], and Michael [Jordan], those big guards. It means a lot."   -- Bryant said of passing Robertson on the NBA's all-time scoring list. QUOTABLE II:  "I can't pass him but I want to catch him. That's all I care about. (A reporter asked: And  Michael Jordan ?) "I don't care about passing Michael Jordan."   -- Bryant on wanting to catch  Bill Russell 's record of 11 championship rings. QUOTABLE III:  "It's a great relationship (with Olajuwon), all the guys. They played this game. They're legends. They're a phone call away so why not use them?"   -- Bryant on taking pieces of his game from the NBA greats. THE STAT:  50 -- The number of points the Lakers scored in the paint to the Hornets' 32. The Lakers made a conscious effort to go inside and take advantage of their height against a smaller New Orleans' frontcourt. TURNING POINT:  After trailing 62-61 in the middle of the third quarter, the Lakers ended the third quarter on a 15-4 run to go up 80-71. Five different Lakers scored during their run. Los Angeles did not trail from that point on. HOT:  Lakers forward  Lamar Odom , who admitted his left elbow still hurts from when he injured it against Phoenix Wednesday, scored seven straight points in the middle of the fourth quarter and helped the Lakers stay afloat. Odom tallied 17 points, 13 rebounds and two blocks. NOT:  The New Orleans reserves. Before the game started, Hornets coach Monty Williams harped on the inconsistency of his team's bench. Not much changed against the Lakers. The reserves combined to score 15 of the team's 97 points. They were 5-for-19 shooting. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Though Gasol hasn't been putting up the type of monster numbers he did at the start of the season, he has been contributing across the board. Against the Hornets he tallied 21 points on 6-for-8 shooting, 13 rebounds, seven assists and two steals. NOTABLE:  Coming into the game a lot was made of Bryant's comments to  Peter Vecsey  of the  New York Post  on how knee is "almost bone-on-bone." After the game he didn't seem bothered by the state of his knee. "Do I look worried? Did we win last year? My knee last year was the size of a balloon and we still won. I'm not that concerned about it. We just have to be smart and pace (it)." ... Lakers backup point guard Steve Blake tweaked his left ankle and left the game in the fourth quarter. Lakers coach  Phil Jackson  said he expected Blake to play on Sunday against the Knicks. ... Hornets center  DJ Mbenga , who played with the Lakers the two previous seasons, received his championship ring. Bryant and  Derek Fisher  met Mbenga, who did not dress for the contest, at midcourt ... With 10 assists, Paul now has 4009 career assists ... The Lakers shot 60.6 percent from the field in the first half to the Hornets' 44.7 percent, yet the Lakers led by just five, 51-46, at halftime. UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Sunday vs. New York, Tuesday vs. Cleveland, Wednesday @ Golden State. For the Hornets, Sunday @ Denver, Wednesday vs. Orlando, Friday @ Houston.  