Notebook: Heat 109, Lakers 102 
 
 
 Zachary Paul, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Jan 24, 2014 12:07 AM - Updated Fri Jan 24, 2014 12:07 AM 
 
 THE FACT : The Heat improved to 9-0 all-time when  Chris Bosh  takes at least 20 shots. 
 
 THE LEAD:  The Miami Heat beat the Los Angeles Lakers 109-102 Thursday at AmericanAirlines Arena in a game that had a similar storyline for Miami this season. The Heat (31-12) built a first-half, double-digit lead and then allowed the opponent to make a late run before hanging on for the win. It was most recently similar to the Heat's victory against the Boston Celtics two nights ago. 
 Without guard  Dwyane Wade  for a fourth straight game, it was once again up to Bosh and forward  LeBron James . Bosh scored a game-high 31 points on 15-for-22 shooting, while James finished with 27 points, 13 rebounds and six assists. The Heat led by as many as 16 before the Lakers (16-27) made things interesting in the fourth quarter. Los Angeles pulled to within four late but could get no closer. Guard  Jodie Meeks  and center  Pau Gasol  led the Lakers with 22 points each. 
 
 QUOTABLE:   "Chris [Bosch] has been important and critical to our execution since we put this team together because he has that understanding of balance as to when to be aggressive reading the game and when to facilitate." 
 --Heat coach  Erik Spoelstra 
 
 
 THE STAT:   The Heat shot 57 percent from the field, including 8-for-20 from the 3-point line. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Lakers had a chance to make it a one-possession game with 1:09 left in the final two minutes when Young missed an ill-advised 3-pointer. On the Heat's next possession, Bosh hit a jumper from the top of the key to seal the victory. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:    "I thought that we tightened up a little bit defensively ... I thought that were very tentative at first. We were looking the names on the (Heat) jersey instead of playing a little bit tougher. We hit a couple big shots down the stretch. They just hit a couple bigger shots and they beat us."   
 --Lakers coach  Mike D'Antoni 
 
 
 HOT:  Bosh moves to the second option when Wade is sidelined. His shot attempts were the most since taking 26 against Portland Dec. 28. Bosh was the early catalyst for the Heat before James sprinkled is way into the act.   
 
 NOT : At some point, the Heat are going to need some consistency from Wade. He's been allowed to take nights off to rest his knees, but teammates have openly said it has disrupted rhythm. Although the rest has been beneficial, Wade is needed on the court more often than not the second half of the season.   
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Heat center  Greg Oden  logged a season-high 11 minutes, the first time he's reached double-digits. The Heat apparently are speeding up the process of inserting him in the rotation. Oden finished with five points and five rebounds, which is very encouraging. 
 
 BAD MOVE: Nick Young  waited too long to get started for the Lakers. He was a non-factor for three-and-a-half quarters before causing all sorts of problems for the Heat late in the game. If he were that effective in the early stages, the Lakers may have had a better chance of pulling off the upset. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Lakers guard  Kobe Bryant  said before the game he is expected to return shortly after the NBA All-Star Break ... Bryant was selected to his 16th All-Star Game, second only behind  Kareem Abdul-Jabbar  ... James, the leading vote-getter, was selected for the 10th straight year ... Wade will also make his 10th appearance ... Spoelstra said Wade is day-to-day for Sunday's game against the Spurs.   
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Sunday vs. Spurs, Wednesday vs. Thunder, Saturday @ Knicks. For the Friday, Friday @ Magic, Sunday @ Knicks, Tuesday vs. Pacers.  
