  Notebook: Pistons 105, Raptors 86 Posted Saturday March 10, 2012 11:08PM By Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Starting guards  Rodney Stuckey  and  Brandon Knight  combined for 39 points and 15 assists as the Detroit Pistons cruised to a 105-86 victory over the Toronto Raptors at The Palace Saturday night. The Pistons never trailed, leading by as much as 31 while winning their third straight. Guard  DeMar DeRozan  led Toronto with 15 points. QUOTABLE:  "We've been doing a good job of attacking lately. We knew they really didn't have any shot-blockers back there, so we were just trying to get stops and attack and get easy baskets. We did a pretty good job of doing that the whole game."   -- Stuckey on the Pistons' strong guard play THE STAT:  15-14. Knight, a candidate for Rookie of the Year honors, single-handedly outscored the Raptors 15-14 and also had four assists as the Pistons rolled to a 37-14 first-quarter lead. That was their highest-scoring quarter of the season and morphed into a 61-point first half, also a season high. Knight, who had scored just six points the previous two games, made all three of his 3-pointers in the opening frame and finished with 19 points and seven assists. TURNING POINT:  Early leads can often evaporate when the reserves enter the game but Detroit's second unit had no trouble maintaining that advantage. Backup forward  Damien Wilkins  had eight points and two steals in the second quarter as the Pistons led by at least 20 throughout the second quarter. QUOTABLE II:  "My teammates were getting me open, setting good screens and putting their confidence in me. Then it was just me being aggressive from the beginning of the game."   -- Knight on his big first quarter HOT:  Pistons power forward  Jason Maxiell  followed up his 19-point performance against Atlanta Friday, which tied his season high, with a 12-point, 7-rebound outing Saturday. Maxiell has reached double figures the last four games while averaging 12.8 points and 8.2 rebounds. NOT:  Toronto point guard  Jose Calderon  endured through a rough and abbreviated appearance. He was overwhelmed by Knight in the opening quarter, then suffered a sprained right ankle while stepping on Knight's foot in the second quarter. Calderon had to be helped to the visitors' locker room and could miss several games. Calderon who came into the game ranked third in the league in assists (8.7 per game), shot 1 of 7 from the field while scoring two points. NOTABLE:  Raptors forward and leading scorer  Andrea Bargnani  returned after missing 26 of the previous 28 games with a strained left calf. He was rusty, shooting 2 of 8 from the field while scoring eight points. ... Pistons forward  Tayshaun Prince  played his 700th career game in a Detroit uniform. He's sixth on the Pistons' all-time list in games played. He had 10 points. ... Detroit forward  Jonas Jerebko  contributed 13 points and six rebounds. ... The Pistons play nine of their next 10 on the road, beginning with a five-game West Coast trip. ... The margin of victory was Detroit's largest this season. Its previous high was 17 against Charlotte Jan. 13. UP NEXT:  For the Raptors, Sunday vs. Milwaukee, Tuesday @ Cleveland, Wednesday @ New Jersey. For the Pistons, Monday @ Utah, Wednesday @ Sacramento, Friday @ Phoenix.  