  Notebook: Spurs 115, Clippers 90   By Tim Price, for NBA.com Posted Thursday December 29, 2011 1:34AM THE FACTS:  After shooting 39.8 percent from the floor in the season-opening victory over Memphis, the San Antonio Spurs used a 56-percent shooting night to down the Los Angeles Clippers 115-90 on Wednesday at AT&T Center. While L.A.'s  Blake Griffin  scored 28 points, all five Spurs starters scored in double figures.  Manu Ginobili  scored 24, including a 5-for-8 night shooting from 3-point range. QUOTABLE:  "The shots went in tonight. Some nights they don't drop, and that's why we try to depend on defense to get us through those nights. Again, tonight the best part of our game was defense, just like Game 1."    -- Spurs coach  Gregg Popovich THE STAT:  San Antonio shot 45-for-80 from the floor, 10-for-19 from 3-point territory and was a perfect 15-for-15 from the foul line. The Spurs also had no trouble converting in transition. They outscored Los Angeles 20-14 on the fastbreak while converting eight of 10 opportunities. TURNING POINT:  The Spurs used the opening 5 1/2 minutes of the second half to go on a 17-6 run and take a 75-60 lead. San Antonio had earlier led by 15 in the first half, but the Clippers erased all of that before settling for a four-point deficit at halftime. The Spurs missed only five of their 21 third-quarter shots, outscored Los Angeles 38-17 and took a 25-point advantage into the final quarter. QUOTABLE II:  "They pretty much got what they wanted. We gotta realize the key to this season is going to be on the defensive end. We were taking the ball out of the net every time down. They were scoring at will."    -- Clippers point guard  Chris Paul HOT:   Richard Jefferson  was 8-for-9 from the floor and is shooting 65 percent through the opening two games. He was 3-for-4 from 3-point range and had 19 points in 27 minutes. NOT:  Paul gave his new Clippers teammates nine assists, but he shot 3-for-10 from the floor. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Griffin fell one short of a double-double by adding nine rebounds to his 28 points. GOOD MOVE:  The Spurs already have incorporated a young corps into a steady rotation with rookie swingman  Kawhi Leonard  and second-year players  Tiago Splitter  and  James Anderson  filling in and playing on the floor together. The trio combined for 18 points on 7-for-14 shooting and 14 rebounds, and  Matt Bonner  also added a pair of 3-pointers for six points. And the Spurs will try to fit in another second-year player,  Gary Neal , once he returns from appendectomy surgery next week. Neal averaged almost 10 points in his reserve role last season. BAD MOVE:  It was inevitable that the Spurs' reserves would not be able to keep enough of a lead for Popovich to be comfortable enough to keep the veterans  Tim Duncan , Ginobili and  Tony Parker  on the bench after the team entered the fourth quarter with a 25-point lead. It would have been useful since the Spurs have to complete a back-to-back on the schedule with a game Thursday at Houston. Once it got to 12 points with eight minutes left, Duncan and Ginobili re-entered while Parker sat the rest of the game. Still, neither Duncan nor Ginobili had to play more than four minutes of the fourth. ROOKIE WATCH:  Leonard had another strong rebounding night for the Spurs with eight in 20 minutes (he had four offensive rebounds in the season-opener). Clippers rookies  Travis Leslie  and  Trey Thompkins  combined for eight minutes during garbage time late in the game. NOTABLE:  The Clippers have lost 17 straight in San Antonio dating back to January 2002. ... In games played against the Spurs in San Antonio with Duncan on the court, the Clippers are 1-27, losing by an average of 15 points in those games. Paul has lost 12 of 14 games in San Antonio during his career. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Friday vs. Chicago, Sunday vs. Portland, Wednesday @ Houston. For the Spurs, Thursday @ Houston, Saturday vs. Utah, Monday @ Minnesota.  