
 Cavaliers-Bobcats notebook   By Derek S. Smith, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday March 30, 2011 10:32PM THE FACTS:   Boris Diaw  scored 26 points and added 11 assists to lead an injury-plagued Charlotte Bobcats to a 98-97 win over the Cleveland Cavaliers Wednesday night at Time Warner Cable Arena. The Bobcats were without  Tyrus Thomas  and lost leading scorer  Stephen Jackson  in the second quarter but were able to hold on for the win and their slim playoff chances too.  Ramon Sessions  led the Cavaliers with 24 points off the bench. QUOTABLE:  "He was awesome. He can do that every night. I guess I have to just give him the ball more down there so he can work with it. We needed him to do that tonight and he really came through."   -- Charlotte head coach  Paul Silas  on Diaw's play Wednesday night. THE STAT:  33. The Bobcats were credited with 33 assists on 42 made field goals. Charlotte had two players reach double figures in assists with Diaw's 12 and  D.J. Augustin  adding 11 dimes. TURNING POINT:  Defense. Cleveland had the ball in the backcourt with 13.2 seconds left down with a chance to win after Diaw missed the second of two free throws. However, Charlotte's defense forced Sessions to pick up his dribble and call timeout on the left wing with 2.8 second left. That defensive stop forced  Anthony Parker  to make a quick drive to the basket for a runner which was partially blocked by  Dominic McGuire  to seal the victory for the Bobcats. QUOTABLE II:  "We were so shorthanded out there. Guys had to step up and take care of things. We could have very easily just packed it in and not given ourselves a chance. These guys are amazing. They just won't give up."   --  Silas HOT:   Kwame Brown . The Bobcats center scored at will on Wednesday night. He finished the game with a season-high 16 points on 7-for-9 shooting with eight rebounds and two blocks. Brown has averaged 13.8 points over his last four games and tallied four straight games with 10 or more points. NOT:  Cleveland's defense. The Cavaliers allowed the second worst offensive team in the NBA to shoot 56 percent from the floor and score five points above its season average. In the fourth quarter Charlotte connected on 10 of its 17 shots and got an assist on all but one of those baskets. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Diaw. The Bobcats forward tied season high marks with 26 points on 11-for-16 shooting and dished out 11 assists. He also added seven rebounds, one steal and one block while hitting a pair from behind the arc and knocking down six free throws. Diaw is averaging 18.7 points, 6.7 rebounds and 8.0 assists in his last three games which have all been Charlotte victories. It was the seventh double-double of the year for Diaw. ROOKIE WATCH:  Cleveland has five rookies on its roster, but failed to get an impact from any of the five.  Semih Erden ,  Manny Harris  and  Samardo Samuels  all failed to see any action on the court while  Luke Harangody  had three points and five rebounds in 25 minutes of action and  Christian Eyenga  had two points in 14 minutes. NOTABLE:  Bobcats leading scorer Jackson left the game in the second quarter after tweaking his injured left hamstring and is listed as day-to-day.  D.J. Augustin  tied a career high Wednesday with 12 assists.  Gerald Henderson  has scored in double figures in 15 of the last 20 games for the Bobcats and is averaging 14.4 points since March 6.  Dante Cunningham  netted double figures for the second time in three games coming off the bench. Sessions recorded 20-plus points for the 13th time this season while  J.J. Hickson  did so for the 15th time this season.  Baron Davis  scored in double figures for the seventh time since joining the Cavaliers at the trade deadline. UP NEXT:  For the Cavaliers, Friday @ Washington, Sunday @ New York, Tuesday vs. Charlotte. For the Bobcats, Friday @ Orlando, Sunday vs. Washington, Tuesday @ Cleveland. 
