  Notebook: Bulls 93, Celtics 86 Posted Friday April 6, 2012 1:14AM By Kent McDill, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  After falling behind by 13 late in the first half, the Chicago Bulls locked down the visiting Boston Celtics in the second half and recorded a 93-86 victory Thursday at the United Center.  Luol Deng  led the Bulls with 26 points, 18 in the second half. Chicago's  Carlos Boozer  had 12 points and 14 rebounds, while  Joakim Noah  had 17 points, nine rebounds and three blocked shots for the Bulls.  Paul Pierce  had 22 points for the Celtics, while  Kevin Garnett  had 12 points and 14 rebounds and  Rajon Rondo  had 10 points and 12 assists. THE STAT:  The Bulls trailed by 11 at halftime, but took 12 more shots than the Celtics in the second half thanks to nine offensive rebounds. THE STAT II:  The Bulls committed eight first-half turnovers but only had four more in the second half. THE STAT III:  The Bulls finished the game with eight blocked shots while the Celtics had just two. QUOTABLE:  "We just played more inspired.''    -- Bulls center Joakim Noah, talking about the second half of the game. QUOTABLE II:  "We're not going to go places with that kind of mental toughness. It was a crime. We just thought we were cool tonight. We were the cool Celtics. No one wanted to work."    -- Boston coach  Doc Rivers . TURNING POINT:  The Bulls erased the 49-38 halftime deficit in the first eight minutes of the third quarter, including eight straight points just before Watson hit a 3-pointer to tie the game at 58. THE MOMENT:  In front of the TNT national audience, the game had a remarkable 30-second stretch in the fourth quarter. With the Bulls up 81-77, Bulls guard  C.J. Watson  stole a pass from Paul Pierce and took off on a fast break. He missed his layup, Luol Deng missed a putback, the Celtics got the ball but at the Boston end Noah blocked Pierce at the basket, and Deng scored on a fast break layup for a six-point Bulls lead with four minutes remaining. INJURY UPDATE:  After playing the guessing game with the media before the game, the Bulls did not use guard  Derrick Rose  for the 12th straight game because of his sore right groin. Rose said he would definitely play against the New York Knicks on Sunday in Madison Square Garden.  Rip Hamilton  had his best game of three since coming back from a shoulder injury, scoring nine points with three assists and three rebounds with no turnovers. In his second game back from a sore ankle,  Ray Allen  came off the bench and scored 14 points in 31 minutes ( Avery Bradley  started for him and scored nine points in 27 minutes). QUOTABLE III:  "I don't know if it was tired legs or mental weakness, but we didn't come out and put this team away like we should have when we were up 11."    -- Boston forward Paul Pierce. HOT:  Joakim Noah had his second straight great game. In the two contests he has made 12-for-17 shots, grabbed nine rebounds in each, and has had seven blocked shots. NOTABLE:  With the victory, the Bulls avoided their first three-game losing streak in the regular season since March of 2010 when they lost 10 games in a row... the Celtics have lost five straight regular season games at the United Center... When Ray Allen did not start Thursday, it was only the fourth time in his career he has played in a game when he did not start. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, @ New York Sunday, vs. New York Tuesday, vs. Miami Thursday. For the Celtics, @ Indiana Saturday, vs. Philadelphia Sunday, at Miami Tuesday.  