  Celtics-Pacers notebook   By Conrad Brunner, for NBA.com Posted Monday March 28, 2011 11:17PM THE FACTS:   Roy Hibbert  scored a game-high 26 points and  Darren Collison  produced eight of his 17 points down the stretch as the Pacers pulled away in the final six minutes to beat Boston 107-100 Monday in Conseco Fieldhouse. Indiana (33-42), which has beaten the Celtics, Bulls and Knicks in its last four home games, held Boston to 4-of-14 shooting in the final period and reduced its magic number for clinching the final playoff berth in the Eastern Conference to seven. Boston (51-22) remained two games behind Chicago in the race for the top spot in the East.  Paul Pierce  led Boston with 23 points. QUOTABLE:  "We must continue to work with each other on defense and help each other out and try to shed this Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde image. We are working on it and everybody is giving it their best shot. We are still growing as a team and must continue to work to help each other out."    -- Hibbert THE STAT:  After failing to shoot better than .375 in their first three games with the Celtics, all double-digit losses, the Pacers hit 54.5 percent. TURNING POINT:  The game was tied 94-all midway through the fourth quarter when Collison stepped forward, hitting a jumper and then swiping the ball from  Rajon Rondo  at midcourt, racing in for a two-handed dunk that brought the crowd to its feet and pushed the Pacers to a 100-94 lead. Boston closed to 102-97 but Collison hit another jumper and then, after Pierce hit a 3-pointer, Collison drove past Rondo for a layup that iced it with 34.4 seconds left. QUOTABLE II:  "We became a great team because we were known to do it for 48 minutes. We seem to be missing that right now. Every team has their issues. All teams want to be playing well going into the playoffs. We've got a couple of days coming up to practice and try to get it right. It's frustrating. We've put ourselves here, we've got to take ourselves out of it."   --  Kevin Garnett HOT:  Hibbert shot 12-of-17, Collison was 8-of-9 and A.J. Price 6-of-9 for the Pacers. ... Indiana got 41 points and 19 rebounds from its bench, including 15 from Price. ... Rondo hit his first five shots and finished 9-of-13. ... Pierce hit 8-of-13 and  Glen Davis  7-of-11. NOT:  Boston's frontcourt combination of Garnett and  Nenad Kristic  totaled 13 points, eight rebounds and nine fouls in 43 minutes. NOTABLE:  Indiana, which trailed by 10 in the first quarter, overcame a double-digit deficit to win for the third time in the last five games after doing so just twice in the first 70. ... The Pacers got some good news when  Mike Dunleavy  was back in uniform after an exam revealed his broken left thumb had healed. Dunleavy, who missed 19 games, did not play but is expected to play Wednesday against Detroit. ... Celtics coach  Doc Rivers  said in his pregame briefing that Rondo would miss a second game in a row with a jammed pinky finger on his right hand. But he changed that plan immediately before tip and started Rondo instead of  Delonte West . ...  Jermaine O'Neal , who had arthroscopic surgery on his right knee in February, could be back at practice later this week but Rivers is taking a cautious approach to his possible game use. UP NEXT:  For the Pacers, Wednesday vs. Detroit, Friday vs. Milwaukee, Sunday @ New Orleans. For the Celtics, Thursday @ San Antonio, Friday @ Atlanta, Sunday vs. Detroit.  