
 Wizards-Suns notebook   By Rich Dubroff, for NBA.com Posted Friday January 21, 2011 10:47PM THE FACTS: Channing Frye  scored 25 points -- including seven 3-pointers -- and  Steve Nash  had 17 points and 14 assists, leading the Phoenix Suns to their season-high fifth straight win, 109-91 over the Washington Wizards on Friday night. Frye had four 3-pointers in 85 seconds in the third quarter as the Suns took control of the game with a 12-2 run. Phoenix had six players in double figures.  Marcin Gortat  had 13 points and a season-high 14 rebounds.  Grant Hill  and  Vince Carter  each scored 12 and  Goran Dragic  had 11. Washington was led by  Nick Young , who had 25 points -- 20 of them in the first half.  Rashard Lewis  had 16 points and 12 rebounds,  Andray Blatche  14. John Wall scored 11 and had 14 assists. The loss broke the Wizards' four-game home winning streak.  Kirk Hinrich  suffered a sprained right elbow in the fourth quarter and is doubtful for Saturday's game against Boston. QUOTABLE:  "If I play good 'D', then I deserve to shoot the ball,"    -- Frye on his hot shooting. THE STAT:  Frye tied a season-high with seven 3-pointers. He had one 3-pointer to close out the second half, four in the third quarter and one early in the fourth quarter. TURNING POINT:  The 85-second stretch in the third quarter when Frye hit three 3-pointers in succession. The hot shooting gave Phoenix a 67-59 lead with 5:54 to play in a game the Suns won going away. QUOTABLE II:  "One guy is old enough to be the other guy's dad."    -- Suns coach  Alvin Gentry  on comparing the soon-to-be 37-year-old Nash with the 20-year-old Wall. HOT:  Frye was 6-for-9 in the second half -- five of them 3-pointers. He entered the game averaging 11.2 points. He's averaged 21 in the first three games of Phoenix's road trip. NOT:  Wall's shooting. In the last two games, he's 7-for-24 from the field. On the other hand, he does have 27 assists. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Gortat, acquired by the Suns in a Dec. 18 trade with Orlando, had his second straight double-double. He scored 16 points and had 12 rebounds against Cleveland on Wednesday. The 6-11 big man could be picked up cheaply, and will have to contribute needed muscle for a possible playoff push. GOOD MOVE:  Gentry putting Hill on Young for the second half. Young had just five points on 2-for-5 shooting in the second half after scoring 20 in the first half. BAD MOVE:  It didn't seem like anyone was on Frye in the third quarter. Washington coach  Flip Saunders  said that Frye was making them -- contested or uncontested. ROOKIE WATCH:  Besides Wall, Washington F  Trevor Booker  had two points in seven minutes, and Wizards C  Kevin Seraphin  scored four points and had five rebounds in 15 minutes. Suns C  Garret Siler  had a season-high four points in 77 seconds. It was just the eighth game he's played. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Sen.  John McCain  (R-Arizona), the 2008 Republican presidential nominee and a devoted Suns fan, was introduced to the crowd and got a decidedly mixed response.  Calvin Hill , the great NFL running back, and father of Grant Hill, also attended the game. NOTABLE:  The Wizards played the first of back-to-back home games. They'll host Boston on Saturday -- their first consecutive home games since Nov. 11-12, 2005. On Feb. 4-5, they'll do it again. UP NEXT:  For the Suns: Saturday @ Pistons, Monday @ Sixers, Wednesday vs. Bobcats. For the Wizards: Saturday vs. Celtics, Monday @ Knicks, Tuesday vs. Nuggets 
