  Clippers-Wizards notebook   By Daimon Eklund, for NBA.com Posted Saturday March 12, 2011 11:14PM THE FACTS:   Blake Griffin  scored all 26 of his points before halftime and  Eric Bledsoe  scored 21 of his 23 points in the second half as the Los Angeles Clippers ran away with a 122-101 win against the Washington Wizards. The Wizards, who trailed by as many as 19 in the first half, cut the lead to three points with 8 1/2 minutes left in the third quarter. That was as close as Washington would get as the Clippers pulled away again with a 15-2 run, including nine points from Mo  Williams , who finished with 22. Los Angeles eventually built the lead to 27 points before putting on the cruise control. The game was the first matchup between Griffin, the 2009 No. 1 pick, and 2010 No. 1 draft choice  John Wall . The Wizards point guard did his best to keep Washington in the game, finishing with 25 points, eight assists and seven rebounds. QUOTABLE:  "At this point in the season, having played so many games and so many minutes, it's nice to just sit there."  --  Griffin, who was on the bench the entire fourth quarter. THE STAT:  The Clippers shot 23 free throws in the first quarter -- compared to 21 field goals -- with Blake Griffin making 8 of 9 from the line in the period. Griffin was 10 of 11 on free throws in the game, and the Clippers finished 31 for 43 -- tying their most free throw attempts in any game this season. TURNING POINT:  Washington came back with a 10-0 run over the second and third quarters and seemed to have the momentum when they cut the lead to 68-65 early in the third quarter and Griffin was called for an offensive foul on the next possession. Williams took the momentum back with a 3-pointer that sparked the Clippers third-quarter run. HOT:  Clippers center  DeAndre Jordan  had 10 points, 17 rebounds and several highlight dunks of the sort more often seen from Griffin. NOT:  The Wizards struggled to stop Griffin without forward Andray Blatche, who sprained his right shoulder Tuesday against Milwaukee. Washington's rookie  Trevor Booker  started the game guarding Griffin and picked up two quick fouls. He was replaced by  Jianlian Yi , who had three fouls in the first period. Booker and Yi each had five fouls for the game and neither scored any points until Booker hit a shot with 7 1/2 minutes left in the game. QUOTEABLE II:  "It was tough. Just some of the calls, it got me down. They kept going to Blake, kept going to Blake, and he had a pretty good first half."  --  Booker on his early foul trouble GOOD MOVE:  Once it was obvious the Wizards couldn't handle Griffin inside, the Clippers got him the ball on the post nearly every possession in the first quarter. Griffin's presence helped Los Angeles to a 38-27 lead at the end of the frame. BAD MOVE:  During the Clippers' first-quarter parade to the free throw line, Jordan air-balled two separate free throw attempts and was just 4 for 10 from the line in the game. ROOKIE WATCH:  The hype was on Griffin and Wall coming in, but the game was also a reunion for Wall and Bledsoe who were teammates last year at Kentucky. Bledsoe's 23 points marked his NBA high and came in 22 minutes of playing time. INSIDE THE ARENA:  The Verizon Center was sold out for the fourth time this season, although the crowd booed the Wizards several times in the fourth quarter as the game got out of hand. NOTABLE:  Washington has lost 10 of its last 11 games and 19 of the last 22. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers: Monday @ Memphis, Wednesday vs. Philadelphia, Saturday vs. Cleveland. For the Wizards: Monday vs. Thunder, Tuesday @ Bulls, Friday @ Raptors.  