  Thunder-Knicks notebook   By Adam Zagoria, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday December 22, 2010 11:31PM THE FACTS: Amar'e Stoudemire  had 23 points, seven rebounds and three blocks and  Wilson Chandler  dropped 21 points as the Knicks snapped a three-game losing streak with a 112-98 rout of the Oklahoma City Thunder at Madison Square Garden. QUOTABLE:  "They're playing well. They're one of the top teams in the West, right now in the NBA, and this win pretty much lets us know how good we can become if we keep getting better."    -- Stoudemire THE STAT: Kevin Durant  scored 13 points in the first period and seemed like he would go off for a big night, but the Knicks held him to 13 the rest of the way, seven in the second half, and the NBA's leading scorer finished with 26. TURNING POINT:  The Knicks took charge in the second period, outscoring their visitors 36-27 and using a key 10-0 run to go ahead 63-53.  Landry Fields  and  Danilo Gallinari  each hit 3-pointers during the spurt. QUOTABLE II:  "It's phenomenal. When we have everybody, the starting five, the reserve five doing all that it can, we're a tough team to beat."    -- Fields HOT:  The Knicks' bench produced 29 points after struggling to contribute in recent games.  Ronny Turiaf  scored 11,  Toney Douglas  added nine and  Shawne Williams  seven. NOT: The Thunder have dropped two of three after winning five in a row. ROOKIE WATCH:  Fields had an all-around quality game with 14 points, 10 boards and three assists. INSIDE THE ARENA: John McEnroe , actor  John Lithgow , singer  Ciara ,  Jerry Ferrarra  of  Entourage  and  Seth Meyers  and  Jason Sudeikis  of  SNL  were in the house. NOTABLE: Raymond Felton  had his fifth straight 10-assist game, dishing exactly 10 times. That's the first time a Knick has done that since  Stephon Marbury  in January 2004. As a unit, the Knicks had 30 assists against just 11 turnovers. UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Saturday vs. Chicago, Tuesday @ Miami, Dec. 30 @ Orlando. For the Thunder, Saturday vs. Denver, Monday vs. Dallas, Dec. 29 vs. Nets.  