  Notebook: Magic 103, Wizards 85   By Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday January 4, 2012 11:49PM THE FACTS: Dwight Howard  had 28 points and 20 rebounds and the Orlando Magic led all the way in a 103-85 victory against the winless Washington Wizards. Howard had his double-double well before the end of the first half.  Ryan Anderson  added 23 points and 15 rebounds for Orlando. The Wizards missed their first 12 shots, never got within double figures in the final three quarters and fell to 0-6 for the first time in the history of the franchise. QUOTABLE:  "I don't think there's any question that (Howard) is one of the most dominant defensive players and rebounders that there has ever been in this league."   -- Magic coach Stan Van Gundy THE STAT:  In 51 seasons as the Chicago Packers, Chicago Zephyrs, Baltimore Bullets, Capital Bullets, Washington Bullets and Washington Wizards, this is the first time the franchise has ever posted a 0-6 start. TURNING POINT:  It took the Wizards nearly 4 1/2 minutes to score (on a put-back by  Andray Blatche ), and they were already down nine points by then. QUOTABLE II:  "Seems like tonight when we started missing shots, we just kind of put our heads down and that was it, from the first quarter there. They never looked back."   -- Wizards forward  Rashard Lewis HOT:  Ryan Anderson is having the most productive run of his career, averaging 21 points and 7.4 rebounds over the last five games while shooting 48.6 percent from behind the arc. QUOTABLE III:  "Ryan has been great. He just has to be more consistent, just keep it up."   -- Magic center Dwight Howard NOT:   Nick Young 's team-leading 17 points came on 5-for-15 shooting. He is 16-for-54 (29.6 percent) in the last four games for the Wizards, including 2-for-12 in 3-point shooting. GOOD MOVE:  Howard came out of nowhere to block  John Wall 's layup less than two minutes into the game, a play that stunned the Wizards. BAD MOVE: Chris Duhon 's second foul shot was about to bounce off the rim with 2:40 left in the first quarter when the Wizards' Blatche took it off the rim -- goaltending on a free throw attempt. IN THE ARENA:  The NBA tipped off balloting for the 2012 NBA All-Star Game with an event before the game. The game will be played Feb. 26 at Orlando's Amway Center. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Howard posted his third 20-plus rebounding game in his last five games. ROOKIE WATCH: Chris Singleton  had seven points and four rebounds in 22-plus minutes for the Wizards. NOTABLE:  Washington coach  Flip Saunders  hinted at a lineup change. "We're going to have to do something with our starts, whether it's personnel-wise or whatever, but somehow we've got to have some juice to start games," he said. ... Anderson's 15 rebounds were one short of his career-high. ... The Wizards shot 36.6 percent for the game and are 39.2 percent for the season. ... The Magic's last six opponents, including the Wizards, are a combined 10-26. UP NEXT:  For the Wizards, Friday vs. New York, Sunday vs. Minnesota, Tuesday vs. Toronto. For the Magic, Friday vs. Chicago, Sunday @ Sacramento, Wednesday @ Portland.  