  Hawks-Mavericks notebook   By Darrin Scheid, for NBA.com Posted Saturday January 29, 2011 11:40PM THE FACTS:  Dallas forward  Dirk Nowitzki  scored 19 points, and guard  Jason Terry  had 18 points, five boards and 11 assists off the bench as the Mavericks defeated the Atlanta Hawks 102-91 at the American Airlines Center. Dallas won its fourth consecutive game with a balanced attack. Nobody scored 20, but seven Mavericks were in double-figures. Hawks guard  Joe Johnson  scored 27 points and pulled down eight rebounds, but his performance couldn't help the Hawks overcome a 20 percent shooting night from the 3-point line. QUOTABLE:  "We came out at the start of that fourth quarter, and shot selection was not very good. They came down and hit a couple of shots, then Dirk hit the big three . There was still plenty of time to go in the game, but we just seemed to never recover from it."   -- Atlanta head coach  Larry Drew . THE STAT:  Dallas spent three quarters getting pushed around underneath by a Hawks team playing without its third-leading rebounder  Marvin Williams , who was serving the first of a two-game suspension for a scuffle with Knicks forward  Shawne Williams  on Friday. Heading into the fourth, Dallas trailed 78-77, and Atlanta was ahead 46-30 in points in the paint. The Hawks had Dallas down 30-27 on the boards. But the first six minutes of the final period belonged to Dallas big men  Brendan Haywood ,  Shawn Marion  and Nowitzki. The three combined for 12 points in a 14-1 run to open the fourth as Dallas took a 91-79 lead with 8:07 left. TURNING POINT:  Leading 84-79 with 9:08 left in the game, Nowitzki blocked a driving layup attempt by Atlanta forward  Zaza Pachulia . Nowitzki's 3-pointer at the other end forced the Hawks to call time out. On the Hawks next possession, Marion blocked an eight-footer by Johnson, and the Mavericks converted with a Marion basket. A bad pass by Atlanta forward  Josh Smith  led to a Jason Terry bucket, and Dallas had scored six unanswered points in less than a minute. HOT:  Nowitzki was 8-for-11 from the field and hit his only 3-point attempt. Nowitzki's hot shooting night broke a string of five consecutive games where he shot worse than 50 percent from the field. Nowitzki delivered the knockout punch with a fourth-quarter shot behind the arc to make it 87-79. NOT:  Atlanta was 4-for-20 from the 3-point line. Point guard  Mike Bibby  entered the game as the NBA's fourth-best 3-point shooter at 45.7 percent, and his 96 3-pointers made ranked sixth. Bibby picked up his third foul with 6:56 left in the half and sat the remainder. He had just one attempt from the field in the first half and missed that one. Bibby was 1-for-3 from beyond the arc for the game, and teammate  Jamal Crawford  finished 1-for-7. Johnson was 0-for-5. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Johnson had 27 points on 13-for-24 shooting and added eight points, six assists and two steals. His 27-point game comes one night after he dropped 34 on the Knicks. He has four 30-plus performances in his past eight games. BAD MOVE:  With 1:06 left in the first half, Atlanta guard Jamal Crawford lost the ball to  Jason Kidd  at half court. Kidd dribbled toward the basket when Crawford grabbed his arm. Officials called a clear path foul, giving Dallas the foul shots and possession. Kidd hit both, and  DeShawn Stevenson  followed with a 3-pointer to turn a 49-48 Dallas deficit into a 52-49 lead. NOTABLE:  The Mavericks are 9-0 when at least six players score in double-figures...The 10 points scored by Haywood marks the first times since the third game of the season, Oct. 31 against the Clippers, that he has scored at least 10. UP NEXT:  For the Mavericks, Monday vs. Wizards, Wednesday @ Knicks, Friday @ Celtics, For the Hawks, Monday vs. Raptors, Wednesday vs. Clippers, Thursday at Wizards.  