Notebook: Warriors 107, Spurs 101 (OT) 
 
 
 Geoff Lepper, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Feb 23, 2013 2:28 AM - Updated Sat Feb 23, 2013 2:28 AM 
 
 THE FACTS:  Having lost 16 straight games to the San Antonio Spurs, perhaps it was fitting that  Jarrett Jack  and the Golden State Warriors needed to beat them twice Friday night. 
 Jack scored seven of his game-high 30 points in the final 91 seconds of overtime -- including a fast-break reverse layup to put the Warriors up for good -- in Golden State's 107-101 victory against San Antonio. 
 It was the Warriors' first triumph over the Spurs since Jan. 7, 2008, and only a second loss in the last 17 contests overall for San Antonio. 
 Jack, who also had 10 assists, cemented the win with three free throws down the stretch after appearing to give the Warriors the decision in regulation via a 3-pointer with 7.3 seconds remaining. 
 That shot put Golden State up 93-91; the Spurs, however, calmly called timeout and responded with a  Manu Ginobili  back cut and layup off the ensuing inbounds play. 
 In OT, the Spurs opened a 98-96 advantage on  Tiago Splitter 's jump hook at the 2:10 mark, but Golden State scored 11 of the game's final 14 points. 
 Warriors forward  David Lee  had 25 points and a career-high 22 rebounds for his fifth career 20-20 performance. 
 
 Danny Green  scored 20 points to lead San Antonio.  Tim Duncan  had 19 points, 13 rebounds, four blocks and three assists for the Spurs, who finish up their nine-game rodeo road trip in Phoenix on Sunday. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "There was a point in time in the fourth quarter and overtime where [Warriors coach  Mark Jackson ] yelled at me and told me to get to my spot and take us home. I love him for having that confidence in me. I just tried to come back and deliver for him."  
 -- Jarrett Jack 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Warriors trailed 80-67 after allowing the first 12 points of the fourth quarter, but roared back with 13 straight to tie things up with 6:10 remaining. Six of Golden State's points in that stretch came from the free-throw line, which the Warriors made a point of emphasis late. After taking just four foul shots in the first half, they were 21-for-26 in the second half and overtime. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The last of Lee's 22 rebounds was one of his biggest this season. The Warriors were clinging to a 102-101 lead when Duncan swatted a drive by Golden State guard  Klay Thompson .  Tony Parker  collected the rebound and sprinted for the cup, only to see his fast-break layup attempt slide off the rim. Lee outfought Splitter for the loose ball, and the Spurs never had another go-ahead shot. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "There are teams in this league that say, 'OK, we hung in there, we lost to a team that's on fire and playing incredible basketball.' . . . But we have the disease of greed. We wanted more."  
 -- Mark Jackson 
 
 
 HOT:  Jack became the first player to record a 30-point, 10-assist game off the bench since  Magic Johnson  did it on Feb. 16, 1996 against Dallas. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "With all due respect to what  Jamal Crawford  has done for the Los Angeles Clippers and with all due respect to what  J.R. Smith  has done for the New York Knicks, Jarrett Jack has been the best sixth man all year long."  
 -- Mark Jackson 
 
 
 NOT:  Outside of Ginobili, San Antonio's bench was a disaster, combining to go 2-for-14 from the floor with six points, four assists and three turnovers. That meant the Spurs had to lean on their starters for heavy minutes despite having played the night before in Los Angeles against the Clippers. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Despite their lofty ranks in terms of points per game (fourth, at 104.5) and pace of play (seventh), the Spurs came into Friday No. 21 among NBA teams in terms of free-throw attempts per contest, at 21.1. After getting to the line just eight times in the first half -- against 11 3-pointers, nine of which missed -- San Antonio attacked off the bounce in the third quarter, generating 16 free throws and launching just twice from behind the arc. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  The Spurs liked the inbounds play that led to Ginobili's game-tying layup at the end of regulation so much, they tried to run it again in overtime -- only to see Thompson come up with the steal that sealed the Spurs' fate. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Warriors forward  Harrison Barnes  had a bad night at the office, with a 1-for-8 shooting performance matched by defensive ineptitude in the fourth quarter and OT. 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  The Warriors were wearing their brand-new all-gold ensemble, including the league's first modern-era jerseys with short sleeves. 
 
 NOTABLE:  There were 20 lead changes and 17 ties in the game. . . . Golden State outscored San Antonio 25-2 in terms of fast-break points. . . . Duncan passed  Robert Parish  for 23rd on the all-time scoring list. Duncan now has 23,350 career points. . . . Spurs swingman  Stephen Jackson , who returned to the team Thursday after missing three games in the aftermath of his wife's miscarriage, did not play. It was his first DNP-Coach's Decision of the season. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Spurs, Sunday @ Phoenix, Wednesday vs. Phoenix, Friday vs. Sacramento. For the Warriors, Sunday @ Minnesota, Tuesday @ Indiana, Wednesday @ New York. 
