  Notebook: Wizards 86, Heat 84 Posted Saturday April 21, 2012 10:56PM By Shandel D. Richardson, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The Washington Wizards defeated the Miami Heat 86-84 Saturday at AmericanAirlines Arena. The Wizards scored the winning basket when Nene hit a layup with .5 seconds left after receiving a pass from guard  John Wall . It was the Wizards' third straight victory. The Heat played for the most part without  Chris Bosh, LeBron James  and  Dwyane Wade . Bosh and James were held out for rest purposes while Wade left three minutes into the game after dislocating his left index finger. The loss means the Heat will have the Eastern Conference's No. 2 seed in the playoffs. Wall finished with 13 points 13 assists and six rebounds. Reserve guard  Cartier Martin  scored a game-high 22 points, including four 3-pointers. The Heat were led by  Mike Miller  and  Mario Chalmers , who each scored 16 points. QUOTABLE:  "It wasn't our finest offensive (performance) but we stuck in there. I thought our defense was pretty solid all night. We didn't collapse when we struggled to score points."  --  Wizards head coach  Randy Wittman . THE STAT:  The Heat committed 22 turnovers that led to 27 points. TURNING POINT:  The Wizards built a 14-point, third-quarter lead and were able to off several charges by the Heat. QUOTABLE II:  "It's unfortunate that we were unable to find a way to come out with a win at the end because the group really competed and really got after it. They showed a lot of mental toughness and resolve ... It's a shame. You wanted those guys in the locker room to be able to finish it off."  --  Heat head coach  Erik Spoelstra . HOT:  Martin shot 8 of 15 from the field, including 4 of 8 from 3-point range. He hit a big 3-pointer with 4:48 left in the game to put the Wizards ahead 78-74. NOT:  Chalmers and guard  Norris Cole  combined to shoot just 10-of-28 from the field, and neither were able to contain Wall on the defensive end. GOOD MOVE:  The Heat were entertaining the idea of playing James once Wade was lost for the game. James went to the locker room get taped, but Spoelstra decided against the move. No need in risking further injury. BAD MOVE:  It was another tough break for Wade, who has battled injuries throughout the season. The good news is the injury occurred on his non-shooting hand, but not the best of times to have to deal with something that could become nagging. NOTABLE:  Heat center  Ronny Turiaf  did not play for the sixth straight because of a hamstring injury. He is likely to miss remainder of regular season and return for the playoffs. Spoelstra said he expects Bosh to return at some point before the regular season ends. UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Sunday vs. Rockets, Tuesday @ Celtics, Thursday @ Wizards. For the Wizards, Monday vs. Bobcats, Wednesday vs. Cavs, Thursday vs. Heat.  