  Notebook: Knicks 120, Cavs 103 Posted Wednesday February 29, 2012 10:55PM By Adam Zagoria, for NBA.com THE FACTS: Steve Novak  and the Knicks' bench keyed a huge second-half comeback as the Knicks came from 17 points down in the first half to beat the Cleveland Cavaliers, 120-103, at Madison Square Garden. The Knicks outscored the Cavs, 71-42, in the second half. Novak came off the bench to hit five 3-pointers and score 17 points. After he left the game in the fourth and the Knicks' lead dwindled slightly, the crowd chanted, "We want Novak." Ten Knicks scored and seven reached double figures. Jeremy Lin had 19 points, 13 assists and one turnover.  Tyson Chandler  tallied 13 points and 15 rebounds.  Carmelo Anthony  scored 22 points and  Amar'e Stoudemire  added 14. QUOTABLE:  "I got the ball in some good spots and they found me and I knocked them down....To hear your name chanted at Madison Square Garden, there's nothing like it. It's unbelievable."   --  Novak in his on-court interview. THE STAT:  The Knicks' bench, a weakness for much of the early portion of the season, scored 50 points, including Novak's 17 and  Iman Shumpert's  12.  Baron Davis  had four points and a season-best eight assists off the bench. QUOTABLE II:  "The way Novak played, he was ridiculous."   --  Knicks head coach  Mike D'Antoni . TURNING POINT:  Trailing 61-49 at the break, the Knicks outscored the Cavs, 33-19, in the third period, when Anthony and Novak scored nine points apiece. Novak hit three 3-pointers in the quarter. The Knicks led, 82-80, after three and then pushed the lead to 97-84 with their bench providing the punch. HOT:  The Knicks are now 10-3 since Linsanity began Feb. 4 against the Nets. Though Lin struggled against the Miami Heat in the last game before the break, he broke out for a big game in his first game back. NOT: Josh Harrellson  didn't get off the bench for the Knicks even though he was able to play after recovering from a broken wrist. D'Antoni likes Harrellson and said he could've played and he will try to get him in in future games. QUOTABLE III:  "Great. I brought him over about 50 seconds and said that's unbelievable what he's doing."   --  D'Antoni on Lin's bounce-back from the Miami Heat game NOTABLE:   Kyrie Irving  said he's still mulling whether to play for Australia in the 2012 London Olympics. "I'm not sure," Irving said. "You know, it's still up in the air. I haven't made a decision yet. You'll probably hear about it next week or so, what decision I make. But it's still up in the air." Asked if there was any deadline to decide, Irving said, "Honestly, if there is, I'm not aware of it, so I don't know." QUOTABLE IV:  "To be honest the last couple days in practice that [second] group has just kicked our first team's butt in practice. You see there's a lot of talent coming off the bench now."   --  D'Antoni. INSIDE THE ARENA: Magic Johnson, Howard Stern  and tennis star  Caroline Wozniacki  all sat courtside. UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Sunday at Celtics, Tuesday at Mavericks, Wednesday at Spurs. For the Cavs, Friday vs. Bulls, Saturday at Wizards, Monday vs. Utah.  