  Bulls-Lakers notebook    By Bryan Chu, for NBA.com  Posted Wednesday November 24, 2010 2:48AM THE FACTS:  Going small and receiving a lift from their bench were two keys to the Lakers pulling out a 98-91 victory over the Bulls Tuesday at Staples Center. The Lakers (13-2) record is now tied for the fifth best two-loss record in Lakers history. The Bulls (7-5) have now lost seven straight to the Lakers.    Three Lakers scored 20 or more points in the contest.  Lamar Odom  and  Shannon Brown  each had 21 points and  Kobe Bryant  added 20 points. Chicago's  Derrick Rose  led all scorers with 30 points,  Joakim Noah  tallied 19 points and 13 rebounds and  Taj Gibson  had 16 and 12. The game was tight for the first three quarters and neither team could hit a shot consistently as both shot 39.5 percent from the field. QUOTABLE:  "Everybody in the league knows that their bench is like a transition team. They get out in the open and shoot a lot of threes. They were hitting tonight."  --  Rose  on the Lakers bench THE STAT:  29: The number of points the Lakers bench outscored the Bulls bench (39-10). The reserves for the Lakers made 50 percent of their shots to the Bulls' 16.6 percent. TURNING POINT:  The Bulls took an 81-79 lead with 8:13 to go in the fourth quarter, and then Lakers coach  Phil Jackson  inserted a smaller lineup of  Steve Blake , Brown and Bryant. Consequently, Los Angeles went on a 17-2 run (14 came from the Laker reserves). At one point during that rally, the Lakers hit three straight 3-pointers (two from Blake, one from Matt Barnes). HOT:  Jackson was worried Rose's speed pregame when he spoke to reporters. Rose didn't disappoint. He scored 11 points in the second and mimicked that effort in the third quarter as he finished with a game-high 30 points. He put on a clinic, zooming by defenders and contorting his body for several acrobatic baskets around the rim. NOT:  The Lakers'  Ron Artest  and  Derek Fisher  struggled. The two combined to shoot 1-for-14. Artest was a non-factor early after picking up his second foul in the first three minutes of play. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Rose finished with 30 points on 11-for-25 shooting. He also dished out eight assists and had a steal and a block. Rose has now scored 30 or more points in three of his last four games. GOOD MOVE:  Jackson giving Brown extended, meaningful minutes. The backup guard, who came in averaging 18 minutes per game, logged 28 minutes Tuesday and tied a season-high with 21 points, which included 13 in the second quarter. Brown has quickly become one of the most improved players in the league. In the last seven games, Brown has averaged 15 points on 54.5 percent shooting. He has also made 17 threes during that span. QUOTABLE II:  "He's a great shooter. So when he has open looks I expect them to go down. I don't think it's something where he's hot or anything like that. He's such a great shooter, if he's open he's going to make it."   --  Bryant  on Brown's improvement BAD MOVE : Bulls forward  Kyle Korver  continuously jacking up shots. After his first made jumper in the first quarter, Korver clanked his final five, which included 0-for-3 from the deep in the fourth quarter. Korver finished the game with two points and two turnovers in 24 minutes of action. ROOKIE WATCH:  With a lack of depth in the frontcourt and Pau Gasol needing a breather, Jackson went to  Derrick Caracter  in the middle of the fourth period. Caracter scored a basket and the blocked a  Luol Deng  attempt on the other end of the court. NOTABLE : There was a moment of silence for Lucas Anthony Tang, who died in Staples Center moments after Tuesday's Lakers game against the Warriors. The two-year-old boy fell from a third-level luxury box minutes after the game ... With 11 rebounds, Gasol recorded 6001 career rebounds ... The Lakers were 24-27 from the free throw line (88.9 percent) to the Bulls' 19-for-26 (73.1 percent). UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Friday @ Utah, Sunday vs. Indiana, Tuesday @ Memphis. For the Bulls, Wednesday @ Phoenix, Friday @ Denver, Saturday @ Sacramento.  