  Wizards-Clippers notebook   By Bryan Chu, for NBA.com Posted Thursday March 24, 2011 3:37AM THE FACTS:  The Clippers and Wizards did their best impersonation of last night's grueling triple overtime match between the Lakers and Suns. And just as their Los Angeles counterpart, the Clippers had huge contributions late. Eric Gordon , who had a key 3-pointer in overtime, and  Blake Griffin , who notched his first triple-double, helped will the Clippers to a 127-119 double overtime victory over the Wizards Wednesday at Staples Center. Both the Clippers' and Lakers' game lasted three hours and nine minutes as Staples Center has now played host to five overtimes of basketball in the last two nights. Ironically, these two teams face off on Friday. The Clippers (28-44) were led by Griffin's monster game of 33 points, 17 rebounds and 10 assists. Gordon, whose 3-pointer sent the game into double overtime, tallied 32 points, which included four threes.  Chris Kaman  also posted a stellar game with 28 points and 12 assists. With the loss tonight, the Wizards (17-53) have now lost eight of their last nine by an average of 19 points. However, it says something when the Wizards played the night before and lost by 34 points to the Blazers and grinded it out until the end against the Clippers. Rookies  John Wall  and  Jordan Crawford  did all they could to help the Wizards pull out a win. Wall finished with 32 points and 10 assists, and Crawford added 25 points and a season-high 10 assists.  JaVale McGee  logged 22 points, 13 rebounds and four blocked shots. In double overtime, the Clippers pulled away late with the help of Kaman and a key offensive rebound by  Jamario Moon  that led to a  Randy Foye  3-pointer to put the Clippers up 125-119 with 46.1 seconds left. The Wizards turned the ball over on their last two possessions, ultimately sealing their fate. Even to get into the second overtime was a whirlwind. Wall secured an offensive rebound with 5.8 seconds to go and was fouled. He split his pair, and the Clippers faced a 113-110 deficit. Out of the timeout,  Mo Williams , who had 10 assists to go along with 17 points, inbounded it to a streaking Gordon, who gave a strong headfake, sending McGee sailing past him. Gordon calmly drained a 3-pointer from the left wing to tie the game at 113-113 with 1.9 seconds left. The Wizards had a timeout left, and Crawford had a good look from the left corner, but his shot was just short. In regulation, both teams were trading baskets in the fourth quarter. Down the stretch, Griffin played some solid defense. He stripped Wall and that led to a breakaway Gordon dunk. Then Griffin took a charge on Crawford. The Clippers led 101-97 with 2:07 left, but the Wizards had a shot, trailing 102-100 with the ball and 19 seconds remaining. Out of the timeout, Wall drove straight into the belly of the defense and softly floated an 8-foot shot over Griffin's reach to tie the game with 14.6 seconds left. Griffin had the game's final shot, a 3-pointer at the top of the key that came up short and to the right. QUOTABLE:  "I was thinking man they have to be tired. In the back of mind of my mind, I was like ah man...thankfully it only went two...I'm a little tired."   --  Griffin on whether he saw the Lakers-Suns triple overtime and how he felt after the game. QUOTABLE II:  "Luckily we didn't go to a third one. Luckily we made the right plays in the second overtime."   --Gordon on whether he saw last night's game. THE STAT:  16 -- The number of dunks and alley-oops in the game. There were seven in the triple overtime game between the Lakers and Suns Tuesday. Griffin and McGee topped one another in what was an NBA All-Star dunk contest part deuce. QUOTABLE IV:  "He had some nice dunks. He could get up and he's so long. I know he dunked on Chris [Kaman], that was probably the nicest one."   --Griffin on the dunkfest TURNING POINT:  Gordon's 3-pointer to send the game into double overtime just seemed to will the Clippers to victory. QUOTABLE IV:  "Huge, man. I had a feeling he was going to hit it. That's our guy. We have a lot of confidence in him. Pumpfake of the year. It seemed like it was slow motion too...It was awesome."   -Griffin on Gordon's 3-pointer in regulation to send it into overtime. HOT:  Crawford started the game missing his first seven shots, but he went 10-for-21 from the field the rest of the way. Crawford has scored in double figures in eight straight games and is averaging just over 21 points during that stretch. He is shooting 37 percent from the field, however. Crawford played a game-high 52:49. NOT:  Wizards guard  Maurice Evans  struggled from the field going 2-for-9 shooting in 37:18 of play. QUOTABLE V:  "This one hurts. The fact that we had the game, it was ours to win, and we gave it away."   -- Crawford on the loss. GOOD MOVE:  Clippers coach  Vinny Del Negro  bringing Moon off the bench when Williams fouled out in the second overtime. Moon went on to grab a key offensive rebound that led to a Foye 3-pointer and a six-point lead with 46.1 seconds left in double overtime. BAD MOVE:  The Clippers committed 25 turnovers, which led to 31 points for the Wizards. Gordon, who finished with five turnovers, had two costly ones late in the game. He lost the handle in the final minute of regulation that lead to a Crawford free throw. In overtime, Gordon again lost the handle and that led to a  Yi  layup to give the Wizards a 112-107 lead with 1:40 left. ROOKIE WATCH:  Griffin didn't put much stock into getting his first triple-double, but it did help him get one step closer to setting a Clippers record for most double-doubles in a season. Griffin now has 55, which is tied with  Elton Brand , who did it in the 2001-02 season. After failing to log double-digit rebounds in the last seven contests coming into the game, Griffin grabbed 17 boards (four offensive, 13 defensive) in a team-high 51:28 of play. NOTABLE:  Wizards guard  Nick Young  missed his fifth straight game with a bruised left knee. He told NBA.com that he will be ready for Friday's game at Denver. Young is averaging a team-high 17.7 points per game this season. ... Clippers center  DeAndre Jordan  missed his second straight game with pneumonia. "He's feeling better, he was at shootaround this morning," Del Negro said. "He's lost a little weight. He's pretty sick. We'll see how he feels tomorrow, try to get his energy and effort up. We'll get him out on the court a little bit and see how he does and we'll see what Friday brings."  UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Friday @ Lakers, Saturday vs. Toronto, Wednesday vs. Dallas. For the Wizards, Friday @ Denver, Sunday @ Golden State, Monday @ Utah.  