Notebook: Heat 95, Cavaliers 84 
 
 
 Brian Dulik, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Nov 27, 2013 11:48 PM - Updated Wed Nov 27, 2013 11:48 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  LeBron James  beat the Cavaliers for the 10th time in 11 games since leaving Cleveland as a free agent in the summer of 2010. 
 
 THE LEAD:  Four-time NBA MVP LeBron James collected a game-high 28 points, eight rebounds, and a game-high eight assists in leading the Miami Heat to a 95-84 victory over the Cleveland Cavaliers. Shooting guard  Dwyane Wade  scored 22 points for Miami, while power forward  Michael Beasley  added 17 points and nine boards off the bench. Shooting guard  Dion Waiters  paced Cleveland with a season-high tying 24 points, but All-Star point guard  Kyrie Irving  was limited to 16 points on 6-for-19 shooting. The Heat extended their winning streak to eight games. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I don't think [the fans' reaction] could ever get any worse than that first night coming back. It's still crazy, still weird for sure to come back to this arena. I've always said the fans are amazing, some of the best in the league." 
 -- LeBron James 
 
 
 THE STAT:  James is averaging 26.5 points, 6.9 rebounds, 7.3 assists, and 1.27 steals in 11 career games against the Cavaliers. The Akron St. Vincent-St. Mary High graduate was the No. 1 overall pick in the 2003 NBA Draft by Cleveland. James spent his first seven pro seasons with the franchise, scoring a team-record 15,251 points. "The only way to stop him is to ask him to drive down to his house in Akron and have him stay there for a couple of hours," Cavaliers coach  Mike Brown  quipped. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Heat scored 12 straight points bridging the end of the first quarter and the start of the second, taking the lead for good at 32-28. Shooting guard  Ray Allen  had five points during the run, while point guard  Norris Cole , power forward  Chris Andersen , and Beasley made one basket apiece. "I do enjoy those stretches when I'm out there with Ray," Wade said. "He's obviously had a great career, and he's a guy who can come in and be the No. 1 option at any point." 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "Of late, there have been some cheers when LeBron comes back here. At the end of the day, he's from Ohio. I think some fans are proud of that -- and they should be. He's given these fans a lot to be proud of." 
 -- Dwyane Wade 
 
 
 HOT:  The Heat, who are 11-1 since Nov. 3, have only been held below 100 points twice in 15 games this season. ... Miami forced 19 turnovers and limited Cleveland to a .349 shooting. ... Wade shot 10-for-14 from the floor to raise his season marksmanship to .524. ... Cavaliers power forward  Tristan Thompson  grabbed a game-high 11 rebounds in just 23 minutes. ... Cleveland shooting guard  Jarrett Jack  played a season-best 37 minutes and dished out a team-high six assists. 
 
 NOT:  Cavaliers center  Andrew Bynum  missed eight of his 10 shots and only scored four points in 23 minutes. ... Cleveland's starting lineup combined to shoot 10-for-39 from the field, including 0-for-7 on 3-pointers. ... The Cavaliers have lost four straight games and are 1-7 since Nov. 6. ... Heat power forward  Rashard Lewis  made his first start of the season, but was limited to four points and one rebound. ... Miami center  Chris Bosh  scored six points in 30 lethargic minutes. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "I think [the Cavaliers] are all struggling trying to find their identity, offensively and defensively. They've got some interesting pieces and Mike is going to keep pushing them to get better. We'll see what happens." 
 -- LeBron James 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  James will host Thanksgiving for the entire Heat traveling party at his home just outside of Akron. "Toronto doesn't celebrate Thanksgiving tomorrow, so we couldn't have it there," he said. "It was either going to be at a hotel or at my house." James also ordered a postgame meal of burgers, french fries, shakes, and smoothies from a popular Akron restaurant chain and had it delivered to Miami's locker room at Quicken Loans Arena. "Akron will always be home," he said. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  The Cavaliers used the top overall pick in this year's draft on UNLV power forward  Anthony Bennett , who logged his fourth "Did Not Play -- Coach's Decision" of the season. Bennett has played in 11 games, but has only scored 22 points in 122 minutes and is shooting .214 on field goal attempts. "A.B. is a young guy trying to find his way, but he is progressing," Brown said. "But not to the point that I want to put him ahead of  Earl  [ Clark ]." 
 
 NOTABLE:  James has the ability to opt out of his Miami contract at the end of this season, but declined to discuss a possible return to Cleveland. "You guys know I'm not going to talk about free agency right now," he said, adding with a chuckle. "I also haven't done the whole Family Feud thing, asking 100 people on the street, 'Do you like LeBron or not?'" ... Cavaliers rookie small forward  Sergey Karasev  was loudly booed when he fouled James on a third-quarter breakaway, preventing him from scoring another crowd-pleasing dunk. ... Heat power forward  Shane Battier  (flu) and center  Greg Oden  (chronic knee problems) were inactive, along with Cavaliers shooting guard  C.J. Miles  (right calf strain) and center  Henry Sims . Miles missed his third straight game, allowing Australian rookie shooting guard  Matthew Dellavedova  to make his third consecutive start. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Friday @ Toronto, Sunday vs. Charlotte, Tuesday vs. Detroit. For the Cavaliers, Friday @ Boston, Saturday vs. Chicago, Dec. 4 vs. Denver. 
