  Notebook: Pistons 89, Hornets 87   By Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com Posted Saturday February 4, 2012 11:25PM THE FACTS:  Center  Greg Monroe  had 24 points and 16 rebounds, tying a season high, as the Detroit Pistons defeated the New Orleans Hornets for their second straight victory, 89-87, Saturday night at The Palace. Monroe's seventh double-double in his last eight games helped the Pistons overcome the loss of rookie guard  Brandon Knight,  who suffered a broken nose with 6:51 remaining in the first quarter and did not return. Forward  Trevor Ariza's  season-high 26 points led the Hornets, who lost their fifth straight and 20th in the last 22 games. QUOTABLE:  "He's breathing fine but his nose is a little crooked. He's probably going to have to sit out (briefly) and get a mask. I'm looking forward to seeing the mask."  --  Monroe on Knight's broken nose THE STAT:  52. Led by Monroe and forward  Jason Maxiell  (10 points), the Pistons consistently got production from their frontcourt players by working the ball inside. They had a 52-36 advantage in points in the paint, as all but nine of their baskets were scored in the lane. Detroit was averaging 39 points in the paint entering the game. TURNING POINT:  After getting a short rest, Monroe stopped a 9-0 Hornets run with a putback of a missed  Tayshaun Prince  jumper with 4:56 remaining. Rookie guard  Walker Russell Jr ., who played 33 minutes because of Knight's injury, then forced a turnover and scored a fast-break layup for a 79-74 lead. The Hornets were down at least three from that point until Ariza's layup at the buzzer. QUOTABLE II:  "I've been playing more and more lately, so when Coach (Lawrence Frank) called me, I had the confidence to step up there and play. I was playing freely. Guys were telling me, 'Hey, Walk, it's your show, your keys now.' I can appreciate that and it boosted my confidence even more."  --  Pistons rookie guard Russell Jr. on filling in for Knight most of the game. HOT:  Ariza had not scored more than 18 this season but he kept his team within striking distance by dropping in an assortment of midrange shots and layups along with two 3-pointers. He also made all six of his free throws, grabbed seven rebounds, made four assists and had three of his team's six steals. NOT:  Ex-Piston  DaJuan Summers  made his third straight start at shooting guard for the Hornets but had a forgettable night in his return to Detroit. He played just eight minutes, shot 1 of 5 from the field and committed three fouls. Summers also broke Knight's nose with an inadvertent elbow while battling for an offensive rebound. NOTABLE:  Hornets starting point guard  Jarrett Jack  missed his second straight game with a sore left knee.  Greivis Vasquez  had 14 points, nine assists and six rebounds as his replacement. ... Hornets reserve forward  Al-Farouq Aminu  had 14 points, one below his season high. ... Detroit guard  Rodney Stuckey  had 17 points and forwards Prince and  Jonas Jerebko  added 11 apiece. ... The Pistons completed a stretch of seven games in nine nights and now get three days off. ... Despite two consecutive victories, Detroit's 6-20 record is a franchise worst after 26 games. UP NEXT:  For the Hornets, Monday vs. Sacramento, Wednesday vs. Chicago, Friday vs. Portland. For the Pistons, Wednesday @ New Jersey, Friday vs. New Jersey, Sunday vs. Washington.  