Notebook: Lakers 106, Kings 100 
 
 
 James Ham, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Dec 07, 2013 1:52 AM - Updated Sat Dec 07, 2013 1:52 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Los Angeles Lakers got rolling late and sent the Sacramento Kings to their sixth straight loss tonight at Sleep Train Arena. 
 
 THE LEAD:  With  Kobe Bryant  scheduled to return from injury on Sunday, the scrappy, short-handed Los Angeles Lakers (10-9) gave the Sacramento Kings (4-13) everything they had tonight, coming away with the 106-100 victory on the Kings' home floor. 
 
 Jodie Meeks  led the way for the Lakers, finishing with 19 points on 7-for-11 shooting.  Pau Gasol  also had 19 points and seven rebounds to help the Lakers improve to a game over .500 on the season. Veteran  Steve Blake  chipped in 13 points and handed out 10 assists, while  Robert Sacre  scored 11 points, grabbed five rebounds and blocked two shots in his first start of the season for coach  Mike D'Antoni . 
 
 DeMarcus Cousins  scored 20 points and grabbed 11 rebounds, but shot just 6-for-17 from the field and turned the ball over six times.  Rookie  Ben McLemore  kicked in 20 points as well, and added six rebounds in the loss.   Isaiah Thomas  was hot in the first half, scoring 14 points and dishing out seven assists before the intermission, but went scoreless in the second half.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We started competing.  I thought that in the third quarter we weren't competing for whatever reason and a little bit in the first.  We just weren't playing as hard as we have been. [I] called their attention to it, and because they are good guys, they said 'OK, then they need to do it,' and they did it."   
 
 --Mike D'Antoni 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Lakers outscored the Kings 25-13 in the deciding fourth quarter. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Sacramento came out flat in the fourth and the Lakers ran them off the court.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "It was a bad stretch at the end of the game.  We definitely beat ourselves."  
 
 --DeMarcus Cousins 
 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "We're ready to help him out anyway possible.  He's a great player, so he's going to come back and play well, we're not worried about that.  But it's our job as role players to help him out and knock down shots."   
 
 --Jody Meeks on the impending return of Bryant 
 
 
 HOT : Meeks was on fire fire tonight, scoring 20 points on 7-for-11 shooting from the field and 5-for-6 from 3-point range.  
 
 HOT II:   Jordan Hill  lost his starting job before tonight's game and only played 15 minutes off D'Antoni's bench. The 26-year-old forward/center gave the Kings fits, finishing with seven points and nine rebounds in limited minutes.   
 
 NOT:  After hitting all eight of his shots against the Golden State Warriors last Saturday, forward  Patrick Patterson  has gone cold for Sacramento.  In Tuesday's loss to the Thunder, Patterson shot 1-for-9 from the field and he repeated that performance tonight against the Lakers.  
 
 GOOD MOVE : D'Antoni switched up his starting lineup, inserting Sacre for Hill.  The move looks like pure genius in hindsight.  
 
 BAD MOVE:  Kings coach  Michael Malone  gave his bench a long leash in the fourth quarter and they ended up costing him the game. 
 
 NOTABLE : McLemore scored a career-high 20 points in the loss.  ... Thomas set a new season-high in assists with nine. ... Sacre started his first game of the season for the Lakers. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Sunday vs. Toronto, Tuesday vs. Phoenix, Friday @ Thunder. For the Kings, Saturday @ Utah, Monday vs. Dallas, Wednesday @ Phoenix.  
