  Notebook: Kings 120, Celtics 95 Posted Saturday March 17, 2012 1:26AM By James Ham, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  After being embarrassed at home on both Tuesday and Wednesday nights, the Kings drilled the Boston Celtics by a score of 120-95, in front of a capacity crowd in Sacramento. Marcus Thornton  led the way for the Kings with 36 points, including 26 in the second half. Starting power forward  Jason Thompson  put up 21 points and 15 rebounds for the second straight game and second year center  DeMarcus Cousins  finished with 20 points and seven rebounds. Ray Allen  did his best to keep the Celtics in the game. The veteran guard finished with a team high 26 points on 9-for-16 shooting.  Paul Pierce  scored 19 points, but went 5-for-15 from the field and left the game early with a sprained right ankle. QUOTABLE:  "That wasn't Kings basketball. We showed no heart, no toughness and that's not who we are as a basketball team."    -- Marcus Thornton on the Kings bad losses on Tuesday and Wednesday at home. THE STAT:  The Kings are 28th in the league in assists, but something was different tonight. The ball moved freely from one side of the court to the other and the result was a season high 29 assists. TURNING POINT:  The Kings came out hot in the third quarter and never looked back. Leading 52-51 at the half, the Kings started the third on an 11-0 run, finishing the quarter with 41 points and a 93-74 lead. QUOTABLE II:  "I think that for some reason we play to the competition. The last two winnable games, we just didn't play how we are supposed to. When we get stops and finish with a rebound, we can run and when we run and get easy fast break points, then it makes the half court game easy."   -- Jason Thompson on the Kings propensity to play to their competition. HOT:  Thompson was all over the floor, scoring, rebounding and running a version of the high post to perfection. The fourth year forward out of Rider finished with 21 points on 9-for-11 shooting. Thompson also grabbed a game-high 15 rebounds and handed out four assists. HOT II:  Thornton caught fire in the second half, scoring 26 points after the break. He finished the game with 36 points on 13-for-24 shooting and hit five of his 10 long range attempts. HOT III:  Allen did his best to keep the Celtics in the game. The 15-year veteran turned back the clock tonight, scoring 26 points, including five long balls. GOOD MOVE:  Smart found a hole in the Celtics defense and Thompson exploited. It seemed basic enough, but the ball ran through Thompson at the top of the key and the Celtics gave him too much room. From this position, Thompson found cutters, hit jumpers and opened up the floor for the Kings shooters. NOTABLE:  The Kings snapped their three game losing streak and improved to 3-3 through the first six games of their franchise long nine game home stand. UP NEXT:  For the Celtics, Saturday @ Denver, Monday @ Atlanta, Thursday @ Milwaukee. For the Kings, Sunday vs. Minnesota, Tuesday vs. Memphis, Thursday vs. Utah.  