  Thunder-Sixers notebook   By Andy Jasner, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday March 9, 2011 11:07PM THE FACTS:   Kevin Durant  scored 34 points and grabbed 16 rebounds while  Russell Westbrook  had 27 points and 12 assists in leading the Oklahoma City Thunder to a come-from-behind 110-105 victory over the Philadelphia 76ers on Wednesday. The Thunder outscored Philadelphia 9-4 in overtime to improve to 40-23. Oklahoma City trailed by five points with 2:16 remaining in regulation but rallied for the huge win.  Nick Collison  also contributed 13 points and 10 rebounds off the bench. Jrue Holiday  and  Lou Williams  scored 22 points each for the Sixers, who fell to 33-31.  Jodie Meeks  added 17 points while Andre Iguodala was solid again with 14 points, eight assists and six rebounds. QUOTABLE:  "I like it in close games because the competitive spirit rises with this group."  --  Thunder coach  Scott Brooks. THE STAT:  The Sixers are 3-21 when failing to outshoot the opposition this season. Oklahoma City shot 50 percent compared to 42 percent for the Sixers. TURNING POINT:  Down by five points with 2:16 left in regulation, the Thunder clamped down on defense. After they were able to tie the game, they used that momentum to pull away in the extra session. HOT:  Durant was 13-for-26 from the field, including 3-for-7 from beyond the arc, and 5-for-5 from the free throw line. More importantly, he makes big shots at the biggest moments. NOT:   Thaddeus Young  missed eight of his 10 shots while compiling five fouls in 29 minutes. QUOTABLE II:  "It was a big win for us. We stayed with it, got some stops and Coach drew up some great plays for us."  --  Durant. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Westbrook finished with 27 points, 12 assists and five rebounds for the Thunder. INSIDE THE ARENA:  The Sixers are winning consistently these days and the fans responded in a big way for their game against Oklahoma City. The fans were into it from the opening tip and that included Chairman  Ed Snider , who stood and cheered all night from his front row seat. The crowd of 19,283 was loud from start to finish. QUOTABLE III:  "We've been closing these kinds of games lately. This was the first one in a while we let slip away. We need to win these from here on out. I know we'll learn from it and move forward."  -- Sixers forward  Elton Brand . GOOD MOVE:  Durant guarded Iguodala for much of the fourth quarter and overtime. As the game wore on, Durant's long arms deflected several passes and turned them into points on the other end. Durant seemed to really bother Iguodala in overtime. BAD MOVE:   Andre Iguodala  had the ball in his hands a bit too much in overtime. He has done a very good job playing the point forward position, but Holiday might have been a better fit to move away from Durant. ROOKIE WATCH:   Evan Turner , the Sixers' No. 2 overall pick from Ohio State, was scoreless in 13 minutes. He missed all three shots from the field. NOTABLE:  Oklahoma City improved to 7-1 in overtime this season. HAPPY BIRTHDAY:  Sixers Director of Statistical Information  Harvey Pollack  celebrated his 89th birthday on Wednesday. Pollack is the only individual who worked in the NBA in its inaugural 1946-47 season who is still currently working for an NBA team. He started as the assistant publicity director of the old Philadelphia Warriors (now Golden State) in 1946-47. UP NEXT:  For the Thunder, Friday vs. Detroit, Sunday @ Cleveland, Monday @ Washington. For the Sixers, Friday vs. Boston, Saturday @ Milwaukee, Monday @ Utah.  