  Notebook: Mavs 94, Jazz 91   By Andrew Aragon, for NBA.com Posted Friday January 20, 2012 2:24AM THE FACTS:   Shawn Marion  scored a season-high 22 points and  Jason Terry  hit a clutch go-ahead 3-pointer to lift the Dallas Mavericks to a 94-91 victory over the Utah Jazz on Thursday night. The defending champs rebounded after an agonizing loss to the Los Angeles Clippers on Wednesday, and led for almost the entire contest against the Jazz.  Rodrigue Beaubois  sparked the Mavericks with 17 points in just 18 minutes. Al Jefferson  had 22 points and nine rebounds to lead the Jazz, and  Paul Millsap  had a double-double with 16 points and 13 rebounds. QUOTABLE:  "This is a big win. This is a tough place to play. They're a great home team ever since I got in the league with [ John ]  Stockton  and [ Karl ]  Malone . The crowd gets into it like no other place. I'm happy with this team win."   -- Mavericks forward  Dirk Nowitzki  on his team winning in front of a charged-up crowd THE STAT:  The Mavericks kicked their feet up and made themselves at home -- with their shooting. They were able to stymie several Utah runs with big baskets and shot a sizzling 52.1 percent. Their season shooting percentage entering Thursday's game was 43 percent. TURNING POINT:  Terry had little reason to take an important shot after he started the game 2-for-12 and 1-for-8 from 3-point range. But he's a confident veteran, and he got the ball in his hands with 2:26 remaining in the game and it tied 87-87. Terry, who has developed into a Jazz killer, then swished a go-ahead 3-pointer to deflate Utah and its crowd. On the Mavericks' next possession, Marion scored after a sweet assist from  Jason Kidd  to put the game out of reach at 92-87. HOT:  Beaubois was a tough matchup for the Jazz, as he created his own shot, moved well without the ball to get some baskets in the lane and also hit from the outside. His 17 points were a season-high and he shot 6-for-9. Dallas shot 63.2 percent and scored 34 points in the third quarter. NOT:  The Jazz had a rough time getting going when coming out of the locker room. They missed eight straight shots during one span in the first quarter. They missed seven of their first eight shots in the third period. In the fourth quarter, they shot just 29.6 percent.  Devin Harris  had a lousy game for the Jazz, shooting 0-for-7 while finishing with one point and two assists in 23 minutes. QUOTABLE II:  "It's the fourth quarter. The truth was Beaubois was exhausted so he had to come out. Jet's been there before. I've seen plenty of nights where he's not shot it good, and then in the fourth quarter he'll make a big one. He's our guy. That shot was as important a shot as we've hit all year."   -- Dallas coach  Rick Carlisle  on Terry's go-ahead 3-pointer in the fourth quarter. GOOD MOVE:   Delonte West  went up high and fouled Jefferson on a shot attempt in the first quarter. Jefferson caught West and made sure the Dallas guard didn't fall to the ground and risk injury. Jefferson held West on his shoulder like a sack of potatoes before letting him down in a light-hearted moment. ROOKIE WATCH:  Utah's  Alec Burks  earned valuable playing time in the team's defeat. He started the fourth quarter on the court, and played nearly nine minutes of the period. He scored four of his 10 points in the fourth.  Enes Kanter  also started the fourth on the floor, and provided the Jazz with some rebounds and physical play. He had seven boards in 13 minutes and scored two points. NOTABLE:  The Mavericks earned their first road victory of the season over a Western Conference team. The Jazz fell to 7-2 at home. It was the 13th straight time Dallas has held an opponent to fewer than 100 points, tying a franchise record. The Mavericks have defeated the Jazz five straight times. UP NEXT:  For the Mavericks, Saturday @ New Orleans, Monday vs. Phoenix, Wednesday vs. Minnesota. For the Jazz, Saturday vs. Minnesota, Wednesday vs. Toronto, Friday @ Dallas.  