  Notebook: Wolves 93, Pistons 85   By Jim Beilby, for NBA.com Posted Thursday January 19, 2012 12:05AM THE FACTS:  It wasn't pretty, especially in the first half, but the Minnesota Timberwolves will take the result. Despite shooting 28.9 percent from the field in the first half, they came back and defeated the Detroit Pistons 93-85 on Wednesday night. They started their run in the second half of the second quarter, turning a 16-point Pistons lead into six at the half. It was during key stretches in the fourth quarter that Minnesota took control of the game, playing excellent defense at times and receiving contributions from a number of bench players, especially  Anthony Tolliver ,  Wayne Ellington  and  Nikola Pekovic . Kevin Love  lead Minnesota with 20 points and 17 rebounds. And for a while it seemed possible that  Ricky Rubio  would flirt with a quadruple-double. He finished with nine points, eight assists, seven rebounds, and six steals. His only field goal (1-for-8 from the field) was a candidate for the highlight reel; a behind-the-back dribble drive in traffic that bought the Target Center crowd to their feet. QUOTABLE:  "Our guys have really bought into trying to defend. All they talk about in timeouts is getting stops, 'We've got to get stops, we've got to get in a rhythm, our shots will fall.' And that's the type of attitude we need to have. We have to defend and we have to rebound."   -- Minnesota coach  Rick Adelman THE STAT:  Minnesota's bench scored 46 points, nearly half of Minnesota's total points. Detroit only shot 10-for-21 from the free throw line (47.6), a shockingly bad number since they came in shooting better than 80 percent as a team. TURNING POINT:  After a  J. J. Barea  technical foul, Detroit led by two with 6:54 to play in the game. In the next four minutes, Tolliver and Ellington would each score five points to give Minnesota a seven point lead. QUOTABLE II:  "It feels good (to be able to rely on defensive stops). That's something that has been lacking (here) the last few years. So it feels good that in games like this when we are struggling on the offensive end which doesn't happen too often, we were still able to get it done."   -- Kevin Love NOTABLE:  This was the Wolves' first victory when trailing after three quarters. They trailed 71-64 going into the final quarter Wednesday. With this victory, Minnesota has won three straight against Detroit. This is their longest active streak against any team in the league. UP NEXT:  For the Wolves, Friday @ L.A. Clippers, Saturday @ Utah, Monday vs. Houston. For the Pistons, Friday vs. Memphis, Saturday vs. Portland, Monday @ Oklahoma City.  