  Spurs-Bucks notebook   By Rick Braun, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday January 12, 2011 11:39PM THE FACTS: Manu Ginobili  scored 23 points and  Matt Bonner  added 17 off the bench as the San Antonio Spurs dug down in the second half to pull away for a 91-84 victory over the Milwaukee Bucks on Wednesday night at the Bradley Center. QUOTABLE:  "We knew they were going to look for him on pick-and-rolls. He's a good player, so although we didn't blitz on him we helped on him. They were lacking some shooters at that point, so we really collapsed the defense on him."   -- Ginobili on shutting down Bucks guard  John Salmons  on key possessions down the stretch. THE STAT:  After shooting 45.7 percent in the first half and taking a 51-43 lead into the break, the Bucks were stifled in the second half by the San Antonio defense. The Spurs held the Bucks to just 31.4 percent shooting (11-for-35) in the second half while allowing just 33 points. The Spurs also forced just two first-half turnovers, but forced four in the first 2:23 of the third quarter and nine in the second half. TURNING POINT: Salmons  had just scored an 18-footer and a 3-pointer to cap an 8-0 run that pulled the Bucks within 81-80 with 3:11 left, and Milwaukee had the ball again with a chance to take the lead. The Bucks got the ball to Salmons again, but the Spurs were ready and completely prevented him from getting near the basket. Salmons had to settle for a 20-footer with a hand in his face, and after that missed, Ginobili scored on a runner in the lane to make it 83-80. The Bucks never got closer than three again. QUOTABLE II:  "I have no doubt (his eyes) were closed. He had no clue. He couldn't even see the basket."   -- Spurs coach  Gregg Popovich  on Bonner's 15-footer that beat the shot-clock buzzer and gave the Spurs an 87-82 lead with 57 seconds left. HOT:  Bonner made 7 of 12 shots, including 3 of 5 on 3-pointers, to help the San Antonio offense. NOT:  Bonner's offense was needed because starting forward  Richard Jefferson , a former Buck, went 0-for-5 (four of them 3-pointers) and did not score. GOOD MOVE:  With the shot clock running down and 6-foot-11  Tim Duncan  having him seemingly stymied, 5-foot-5 guard  Earl Boykins  pump-faked and then leaned to his right along the baseline and made a one-handed, underhand shot from 11 feet away with 1:58 left in the third quarter. NOTABLE:  Bucks guard  Brandon Jennings , out since Dec 18 with a broken left foot, was working out on the court before the game, as was forward  Carlos Delfino , who continues to work toward a return from concussion symptoms that have sidelined him since Nov. 6. ... Bucks center  Andrew Bogut  had eight rebounds in 11 minutes of first-quarter play and had a double-double of 11 points and 10 rebounds in the first half. He finished with 15 points and 14 rebounds. ... The loss dropped the Bucks to 8-9 at home, where they've lost four of their last five. UP NEXT:  For the Spurs, Friday vs. Dallas, Sunday vs. Denver, Wednesday vs. Toronto. For the Bucks, Friday @ Philadelphia, Monday @ Houston, Wednesday vs. Washington.  