  Pacers-Hawks notebook   By Matt Winkeljohn, for NBA.com Posted Saturday December 11, 2010 10:58PM THE FACTS:   Jamal Crawford  scored 25 points off the bench,  Al Horford  scored 16 with 16 rebounds and a career-high eight assists, and Josh Smith scored 21 -- including two late three-point plays when Indiana cut its deficit to seven points -- to lead the Hawks to a 97-83 win over the visiting Pacers. Two teams that played one night earlier were lethargic in a first quarter that ended with a 16-14 lead for Atlanta. Reserve guard  Jeff Teague  jump-started Atlanta in a 32-point second quarter when he scored 5 of his 7 points and added four of his career-high eight assists. Atlanta has beaten the Pacers eight straight times and six straight in Atlanta. Mike Dunleavy led Indiana with 16 points (making 4 of 6 3-pointers) as the Pacers lost their fourth straight road game. Indiana's two leading scorers on the season,  Danny Granger  and  Roy Hibbert,  each made just 3 of 14 shots. QUOTABLE:  "Al Horford shut down Roy Hibbert tonight and gave him nothing in the low post. He's more physical than Roy, and he's a very good player."    -- Indiana coach  Jim O'Brien,  on the game's key matchup. THE STAT:  The Pacers made 55 of 131 3-points shots (42 percent) in their five prior games before making just 8 of 28 (28.6 percent) Saturday. Given the disparity in second-chance points (15-3 for Atlanta) and at the free throw line (Atlanta made 27 of 34, Indiana 15 of 16) that spelled doom. TURNING POINT:  The first four-plus minutes of the second quarter finished the Pacers. Both teams appeared gassed in the first quarter, combining to make 11 of 41 shots after playing the night before. Then, the Hawks out-scored the Pacers 17-3 to start the second period, as Teague had a bucket, three rebounds and two assists in 4:27. Atlanta coach  Larry Drew  said Teague's speed and quickness cranked up the Hawks. He was fresh after not playing Friday night in San Antonio. QUOTABLE II:  "It started creeping into my mind when I saw I had eight assists. But I wasn't really caught up in that; I was just happy that we won."    -- Horford, when asked about nearing a triple-double. HOT:  Indiana's  Brandon Rush  scored 14 points off the bench, and has 30 in his past two games while making 11 of 22 shots and 6 of 12 3-pointers Friday and Saturday combined. . . . Crawford led the Hawks in scoring two nights in a row with 23 Friday at San Antonio and 25 Saturday. He scored 26 in a win over New Jersey in the game prior, trailing only Josh Smith's 34. NOT:  Granger made just 3 of 14 shots, and the newest Hawk --  Damien Wilkens  -- was particularly adept at harassing him Saturday. Granger missed all five of his 3-point attempts, and has made just one of 10 over two games. His rebounding has dropped, too. Although he's still averaging 5.2 per game, the 6-9 forward had just three Saturday to give him a total of nine over his past three games. . . .  Maurice Evans  was back in the starting lineup for the Hawks at shooting guard, but he scored just 2 points while making 1 of 4 shots. He missed his only trey, and has made 1 of 10 in the past six games while making a mere 5 of 27 shots (18.5 percent) overall in that span. GOOD MOVE : Drew's decision to reset his starting lineup with Evans at shooting guard while taking center Jason Collins out of the starting lineup and moving Horford from power forward to center paid off handsomely although Evans had nothing to do with it. Collins started three straight games against teams with more physical centers, but Drew said the Hawks wanted to keep Hibbert on the move defensively, hence Horford at the center spot. Atlanta ran much of its offense through Horford (whose eight assists were a career high), and Hibbert was out of sync offensively (season low-tying 6 points on 3 of 14 shooting). NOTABLE : Hawks reserve forward Josh Powell left the game with 8:37 left in to go upon re-spraining his right knee. He said he thinks he'll be able to play Tuesday at Detroit. "I think God was just testing me," Powell said. . . . The Hawks have won eight of 10 games, both losses coming on the road against two of the NBA's hottest teams, Miami and San Antonio. Atlanta is 5-2 since All-Star guard  Joe Johnson  was shelved for elbow surgery. . . . Josh Smith took intravenous fluids before the game after suffering cramping issues in Friday's loss at San Antonio. UP NEXT:  For the Pacers, Monday @ Bulls, Wednesday vs. Lakers, Friday vs. Cavs. For the Hawks, Tuesday @ Pistons, Thursday @ Celtics, Friday vs. Bobcats.  