  Bucks-Heat notebook   By Shandel Richardson, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday January 4, 2011 11:08PM THE FACTS:  The Miami Heat trailed by four at halftime, but recovered to capture a 101-89 victory against the Milwaukee Bucks Tuesday at AmericanAirlines Arena. Guard  Dwyane Wade  scored a game-high 34 points while forward  LeBron James  added 25. The Bucks, who were without leading scorer  Brandon Jennings , were led by  John Salmons'  18 points and six assists. It was the third time in four games the Heat had to rally from a first-half deficit. QUOTABLE:  "We're going to have to win games in a lot of different ways. Good teams always find a way to win ... Just their style of play, they're going to make you play physically. Just to get this win, in this fashion, we really, really had to impose our will."   -- Heat forward  Chris Bosh THE STAT:  The Heat won the rebounding edge 47-34. After struggling defensively the first half, the Heat made an effort to limit the Bucks to one shot in the second half. TURNING POINT:  With the score tied at 68 late in the third quarter, Heat forward  James Jones  hit a 3-pointer from the corner to put Miami ahead for good. The Heat had missed their first six 3-point attempts before Jones' shot. QUOTABLE II:  "A lot of times when you're playing against them (the Bucks), it's a grind-out game. We have to play a different type of game, having some mental toughness and some resiliency."   -- Heat coach  Erik Spoelstra HOT:  Wade, who shared the NBA Player of the Month award with James for December, continued his recent hot streak. He shot 10-for-19 from the field and made 13 of 15 free throws. With the Heat needing a late spark, he scored 17 fourth-quarter points. NOT:  Salmons led the Bucks with 18 points, but had difficulty producing offense while also having to slow Wade. He shot just 6-for-18 from the field. Reserve guard  Earl Boykins , who has been a spark of late, also struggled. He made just 2 of 8 field goals. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  James continues to be a triple-double threat each night. He added nine assists and six rebounds to his totals. The fact he shot 8-for-15 should make fantasy owners plenty happy. GOOD MOVE:  The Heat seemed to let each of their stars dominate each quarter. Wade and James shared the honors in the first quarter while Bosh was big in the second. After James controlled the third quarter, Wade closed things with a big fourth quarter. The balance made it difficult for the Bucks to key on any player. BAD MOVE:  Bucks coach  Scott Skiles  was called for his second technical foul when he incidentally bumped into  Carlos Arroyo  while the ball was in play. Skiles was not ejected because his second technical was considered non-unsportsmanlike. NOTABLE:  Injured Heat forward  Udonis Haslem  says rehab is ahead of schedule. Haslem, who has a torn ligament in his left foot, moved into a walking boot Monday. He could return early as mid-April but says he'll only do it if it doesn't interfere with chemistry. UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Friday @ Milwaukee,Sunday @ Portland, Wednesday @ L.A. Clippers. For the Bucks, Wednesday @ Orlando, Friday vs. Miami, Saturday @ New Jersey.  