Notebook: Bulls 81, Bucks 72 
 
 
 Rick Braun, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Jan 11, 2014 12:18 AM - Updated Sat Jan 11, 2014 12:18 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Bulls held their fifth straight opponent under 90 points and earned their fourth consecutive win. 
 
 THE LEAD:   Carlos Boozer  returned from a sore knee to score 19 points and grab 13 rebounds as he led the Chicago Bulls to an 81-72 victory over the Milwaukee Bucks on Friday night at the BMO Harris Bradley Center.  Mike Dunleavy  added 18 points as the Bulls (16-18) won their seventh game in their last nine.  O.J. Mayo  led the Bucks (7-28) with 16 points off the bench, but Milwaukee lost its fourth straight. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We were just trying to contest shots -- trying to rebound and make them shoot over our hands, and it worked out." 
 --  Carlos Boozer  on forcing the Bucks to shoot just 31.8 percent 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Not only did the Bucks shoot just 28-for-88, but they also missed their last 11 shots after getting within 73-72 on  Brandon Knight 's hoop with 5:09 left. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Bucks were clearly the more energetic and physical team at the outset and jumped to a 10-1 lead. But that physical play started to result in fouls, and the Bulls went to the line eight times in the last 3:28 of the first quarter. That trend continued throughout, and Chicago ended the night with a huge advantage at the line, going 27-for-39 to just 9-for-12 for Milwaukee. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "That's bizarre. I don't know if there's any rhyme or reason to it. There have been a lot of different ways road teams have won. From our standpoint, we get a lot of fans here so we do feel a little bit more comfortable with the support we get. I can't explain why the Bucks have won in the United Center the last three or four times." 
 --  Mike Dunleavy  on the road team winning the last eight times the two teams have met  
 
 
 HOT:  Dunleavy made six of 10 shots, including all three of his 3-pointers. He was one of just three players to shoot 50 percent or better in the game. 
 
 NOT:  This category could also be known as "Pick a Bucks player." Rookie  Giannis Antetokounmpo  went 0-for-5,  Khris Middleton  was 1-for-7 and Knight was 5-for-21. 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:   Joakim Noah  only had eight points but with 10 rebounds, seven assists, two blocks and two steals, he filled out his line nicely. 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  The Friday night crowd was announced as 15,148 and included a strong Chicago contingent cheering for the Bulls. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  When Milwaukee set a physical tone early, the Bulls used the Bucks' aggressive play against them and put several Milwaukee players in foul trouble.  
 
 BAD MOVE:  Bucks center  Larry Sanders  picked up his fourth and fifth fouls in a two-minute span of the third quarter, then added a technical foul for shoving Boozer.  
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Antetokounmpo, who is now starting at small forward, was held scoreless for the second time in three games and has just two points in those three games.  
 
 NOTABLE:  The road team has won the last eight games in the series dating back to the Bulls' final visit to the Bradley Center in the 2011-'12 season. ... Bucks forward  John Henson  missed his sixth straight game with a high ankle sprain but  traveled with the team to Oklahoma City and may play Saturday night. ... After snapping a streak of 20 missed 3-pointers on Tuesday night, Bucks forward  Ersan Ilyasova  was 2-for-2 on 3-pointers in this one. ... The Bulls have won their last eight games at the Bradley Center. ... The Bucks were called for 20 fouls in the first half, the first time they've committed that many fouls in a half since Nov. 24, 2008, at Orlando when they committed 25 in the second half. ... The Bulls signed forward  Cartier Martin  to a 10-day contract. Martin was waived three days earlier by the Atlanta Hawks. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Saturday vs. Charlotte, Monday vs. Washington, Wednesday @ Orlando. For the Bucks, Saturday @ Oklahoma City, Monday @ Toronto, Wednesday vs. Memphis. 
