
 Bucks-Sixers notebook   By Andy Jasner, for NBA.com Posted Friday November 19, 2010 10:43PM THE FACTS:   Thaddeus Young  scored 23 points and  Lou Williams  contributed 19 points for the 76ers, who defeated the Milwaukee Bucks 90-79 at home.  Two days after a disappointing eight-point loss to the Toronto Raptors, the Sixers responded with a solid all-around effort, especially from their bench.  Corey Maggette  paced the Bucks with 20 points while Drew Gooden had 16. The Bucks shot 34 percent, including 0-for-12 on 3-pointers. QUOTABLE:  "We just couldn't get our offense going."  --  Bucks center  Andrew Bogut THE STAT:  The Sixers bench outscored Milwaukee, 47-32. With Philadelphia's starters scuffling, the reserves gave them a much-needed lift led by Young. TURNING POINT:  Philadelphia built a 16-point lead with four minutes left in the third quarter, going ahead 69-53. The lead was still 13 after the third. Though the Bucks briefly closed within eight late in the game, it was never really that close. HOT:  Young started hot and stayed that way in arguably his most consistent performance all season. NOT:  Elton Brand missed his first four shots and wound up with four points on 1-for-7 shooting. He was plagued by foul trouble all night and never got into a rhythm. QUOTABLE II:  "This was big for us. Hopefully, we can build on this and start a winning streak."  --  Williams, on the Sixers' 3-10 record FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Williams continues to get to the free throw line (6-for-6) on a daily basis. That's vital for a team which needs production from all of its players. INSIDE THE ARENA:  There was a bigger buzz at the Wells Fargo Center with a number of church groups in attendance. For a struggling team like the Sixers, it had to feel good to have a larger-than-usual crowd. GOOD MOVE:  Sixers coach  Doug Collins  went to his bench early. Collins has repeatedly said he would play the players who were performing the best. On this night, it was the bench. BAD MOVE:  The Bucks simply couldn't make shots. They were 4-for-19 in the third quarter and many of them were wide-open looks. All the great coaching in the world can't change this fact. ROOKIE WATCH:   Evan Turner  is playing with confidence. That much is evident despite the rough start for the Sixers. The No. 2 overall pick from Ohio State finished with eight points and six assists. NOTABLE:  The Bucks were 0-for-12 from 3-point territory. The last time the Sixers held an opponent to zero threes was Nov. 7, 2007 against Charlotte (0-for-13). UP NEXT:  For the Bucks, Saturday vs. Oklahoma City, Wednesday at Cleveland, Friday at Detroit. For the Sixers, Tuesday at Washington, Wednesday at Toronto, Friday at Miami. 
