Notebook: Kings 91, Magic 82 
 
 
 James Ham, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Dec 08, 2012 1:25 AM - Updated Sat Dec 08, 2012 1:25 AM 
 
 THE FACTS:  In front of a near capacity Sacramento crowd, the Kings upset the Orlando Magic 91-82. 
 
 Isaiah Thomas  and  Jimmer Fredette  combined to shoot 10-for-17 from the field and scored 32 huge points off the Sacramento bench.   DeMarcus Cousins  anchored the post, notching another double-double.  The third-year big man out of Kentucky finished with 17 points, 14 rebounds and four assists in the win. 
 
 Glen Davis  battled in the post, finishing with 20 points and 11 rebounds before fouling out in the final minute.  The Magic's starting backcourt of  Aaron Afflalo  and  Jameer Nelson  combined for 35 points in the loss.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I've been trying since I've been here to say 'it doesn't matter who's on the floor, let's get the win.'  You've got your contract.  Enjoy the game now.  Let's just win.  Let's win the game, that's what's important." 
 -- Kings coach  Keith Smart 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Kings' bench outscored the Magic's bench 44-22. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  At the 8:28 mark of the fourth quarter, Fredette buried a 3-pointer in transition that gave the Kings the lead and brought down the house.  The Kings never trailed the rest of the way. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We really appreciate them.  They're some of the best fans in the NBA and they have been for a long time.  We appreciate that they keep coming back, win or lose." 
 -- Kings' Jimmer Fredette 
 
 
 HOT:  After a sub-par first half, Nelson came out hot in the third quarter for Orlando, scoring 10 points on 4-for-4 shooting and getting his team right back in the game. 
 
 NOT: John Salmons  really struggled, finishing with five points on 1-for-8 shooting in his 24 minutes of action.   
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Coach Smart has had a difficult time figuring out which young point guard to use off his bench, so tonight he used them together.  For a long stretch in the second and then again in the fourth quarter, Smart used Fredette, Thomas and  Marcus Thornton  in a super small three guard set.  It was this lineup that gave his team the lead and won this game. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Whatever was said in the Kings' locker room during halftime had the opposite effect.  After leading by 12 going into the third, the Kings were outscored by 14 in the third.  The home team recovered in the fourth for the win, but a flat third made this one a lot closer than it had to be.  
 
 NOTABLE: Tyreke Evans  missed his third game in the last week due to swelling in his knee.  Earlier in the day, Evans underwent an MRI that came back negative.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Magic, Sunday @ Phoenix, Wednesday vs. Atlanta, Friday vs. Golden State.  For the Kings, Saturday @ Portland, Monday @ Dallas, Wednesday @ Milwaukee.  
