  Notebook: Sixers 103, Celtics 71 Posted Wednesday March 7, 2012 10:17PM By Andy Jasner, for NBA.com THE FACTS: Evan Turner  scored a career-high 26 points,  Elton Brand  was efficient with 18 points and the Philadelphia 76ers snapped a two-game losing streak with a resounding 103-71 victory over the Boston Celtics Wednesday night at the Wells Fargo Center. Six Sixers (23-17) scored in double figures and they extended their lead in the Atlantic Division to two games. Boston could have been tied for first place with Philadelphia with a win. Paul Pierce  led the Celtics with 16 points while  Brandon Bass  had 12 points. Boston had won five in a row entering this game but looked tired after Tuesday's 97-92 overtime victory over the Houston Rockets. The Celtics shot a season-low 35 percent and fell to 20-18. QUOTABLE:  "It was a good night. I'm going to just try and build off this."   -- Turner, on his career-high following 15 straight games below double figures in points. THE STAT:  The Celtics were 0-for-8 from 3-point territory. The last time the Celtics didn't hit one 3-pointer in a game came at Orlando on Jan. 22, 2009. This was Boston's worst 3-point shooting performance since going 0-for-10 against Utah on Dec. 21, 2005. TURNING POINT:  The Sixers have struggled holding leads this season. Not this time. They built a 55-33 advantage at halftime and extended it to 80-53 at the end of the third quarter. It was enough of a cushion to win comfortably. HOT:  Brand knocked down eight of his 10 shots while Turner was 11-for-19. NOT:   Ray Allen  missed all five of his shots, including both 3-pointers. Allen hit both free throws, however. QUOTABLE II:  "Evan is a great leader. He really is. He's a guy who really likes to lead on the floor. He needs the ball. When he has the ball in his hands, he's a totally different player."   -- Sixers coach  Doug Collins  on Turner. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT: Andre Iguodala  nearly compiled a triple-double with 10 points, eight assists and seven rebounds. INSIDE THE ARENA:  The Celtics-Sixers rivalry remains as intense as ever. That emotion was felt before Wednesday's game began and it continued all night. Before the game, the Sixers introduced former president  Pat Croce  and he received a huge ovation. Croce played a big role in the club drafting  Allen Iverson  with the No. 1 pick in 1996. Under Croce's leadership, the Sixers advanced to the Finals before falling in five games to the Los Angeles Lakers in 2001. QUOTABLE III:  "We were really sloppy. Honestly, we missed a ton of open shots."   -- Celtics coach  Doc Rivers . GOOD MOVE:  Despite struggling in his last start two nights ago in a loss at Milwaukee, Turner was given another shot. And did he ever deliver. BAD MOVE:  While Allen misfired from the field, the Celtics could have gone to him more. Great shooters need to keep shooting. That's what Allen has done his entire career. ROOKIE WATCH:  Boston forward  JaJuan Johnson  scored 10 points off the bench while center  Greg Stiemsma  added four points. For the Sixers, forward  Nikola Vucevic  registered a double-double with 14 points and a career-high 12 rebounds while  Lavoy Allen  had two points and six rebounds. NOTABLE:  Pierce played in his 999th career game Wednesday. Pierce is in third place in Celtics history in this category with only  John Havlicek  (1,270) and  Robert Parish  (1,106) in front of him. ... Sixers forward  Thaddeus Young  (13.2 points per game, 5.2 rebounds per game) was out with an upper respiratory tract infection. ... Celtics center  Jermaine O'Neal  missed the game with a sprained left wrist. ... The Celtics missed eight straight shots during one stretch in the second. ... Boston dropped to 3-15 when it scores 89 or fewer points in a game. ... The Sixers outrebounded Boston 54-35. NEXT:  For the Celtics, Friday vs. Portland, Sunday @ L.A. Lakers, Monday @ L.A. Clippers. For the Sixers, Friday vs. Utah, Sunday @ New York, Wednesday @ Indiana.  