  Sixers-Cavs notebook   By Sam Amico, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday November 16, 2010 11:05PM THE FACTS:  It wasn't a thing of beauty, but it snapped a four-game losing streak at home. And when it comes to Cleveland's 101-93 victory over Philadelphia on Tuesday night ... well, the Cavaliers will take it. That's especially true since the Cavs finally got it right in the third quarter, a constant struggle for them in this early season. But Tuesday, the Cavs outscored the 76ers by a 26-16 count in the third, including an 11-0 run. That broke open a 54-all halftime tie. The Cavs (5-5) received a team-high 18 points from  Daniel Gibson  off the bench, and an unexpected 13 from reserve forward  Joey Graham . The man whom Graham backs up,  Jamario Moon , also scored 13 on 5-for-8 shooting. The Sixers (2-9) got a team-high 17 from  Thaddeus Young . QUOTABLE:  "The third quarter has been our nemesis all season. Tonight, we came out with a different mindset and different energy."    -- Cavs coach  Byron Scott THE STAT:  The Cavs are trying to become known for the motion offense Scott implemented -- but Tuesday, the story was mostly defense, as the Cavs forced the Sixers into 15 turnovers, committing just seven themselves. "The turnover thing, that's definitely a problem," Sixers coach  Doug Collins  said. TURNING POINT:  It's worth repeating: The Cavs won this game in the third. As Scott indicated, they came out with energy and focus, determined not to allow the ghosts of third quarters past haunt them against a struggling opponent. HOT:  In two games against the Sixers this season, Graham has come off the bench to score 10 and 13 points, respectively. In the Cavs' other eight games, he has totaled two. " Joey Graham  loves to see us," Collins said with a smile and a shake of the head. NOT:  The Sixers' young backcourt of  Jrue Holiday  and  Evan Turner  committed eight of the team's 15 turnovers (four apiece) and shot a combined 7-for-22. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Young had an outstanding game, shooting 8-for-12 and collecting eight rebounds. With  Andre Iguodala  (sore Achilles) expected to miss more time, Young might be a nice pickup. That's assuming he's not already on someone else's roster. ROOKIE WATCH:  Turner received a nice ovation from Cavs/Ohio State fans during player introductions, and despite the turnovers, gave an all-around performance. He finished with 16 points, nine rebounds and a blocked shot. Meanwhile, undrafted rookie guard  Manny Harris  (who played for Ohio State rival Michigan), finished with four points for the Cavs. NOTABLE: Anderson Varejao  (ribs) returned to the Cavs' lineup and connected on four of five shots for nine points. Varejao is 14-for-15 shooting in two games against the Sixers this season. ...  Elton Brand  tallied a quiet 13 points and 11 boards for the Sixers. ... Holiday, the first NBA player born in the 1990s, finished with a game-high 10 assists.     UP NEXT:  For the Sixers, Wednesday vs. Toronto, Friday vs. Milwaukee, Tuesday @ Washington. For the Cavs, Friday @ New Orleans, Saturday @ San Antonio, Tuesday @ Indiana.  