  Trail Blazers-Spurs notebook   By Tim Price, for NBA.com Posted Sunday December 12, 2010 8:24PM THE FACTS:  Three-point shooting and fastbreaks have boosted the Spurs to the league's best record, but that old defensive monster reared its head in their latest victory. San Antonio recorded season-bests for fewest points allowed and lowest opponent shooting percentage in a 95-78 win over the Portland Trail Blazers on Sunday at AT&T Center. The Spurs (20-3) limited the Trail Blazers (12-12) to 38-percent shooting and were aggressive enough on offense to get 15 more trips to the foul line.  George Hill  had a season-high 22 points off the bench as the Spurs starting backcourt and first guard off the bench outscored Portland's 54-19. QUOTABLE:  "Today was a good performance defensively. That's something to enjoy, but we still have a ways to go. Right now there are about 10 or 15 teams that are doing a better job defensively. (During a timeout 1 1/2 minutes into the game after the Blazers hit their opening three shots) I inserted a few words here and there of the adjectival form that make it hit home a little closer."    -- Spurs coach  Gregg Popovich THE STAT:  The Spurs survived one of their poorer shooting nights -- 32-of-74, 43 percent for a team that's been shooting 47 percent on the season. But the Trail Blazers dropped below 40 percent on the afternoon when, trailing by 10 with 10 minutes left, they missed six of their next eight shots and dropped to a 17-point deficit with 3 1/2 minutes to go. TURNING POINT:  The Trail Blazers hit their opening three shots of the game and, throwing in  Brandon Roy's  open three, they were rather easy. Popovich called timeout just 1 1/2 minutes into the game and quickly sat his team down and "as nicely as I can" asked the players to play defense. Portland went 5-of-17 the rest of the quarter for 10 points. QUOTABLE II:  "I tweaked my left knee early in the game, and it was a little sore going on from there. I didn't really have the same lift, but I should be good for tomorrow (at Memphis)."  -- Brandon Roy HOT : Hill, who's quickly becoming a candidate for Sixth Man, checked into the game with San Antonio leading by one with just less than five minutes to go in the first quarter. He went to the foul line five seconds later and hit the first two of a 9-of-9 night, and the Spurs led by 10 when he came out with about 1 1/2 minutes before halftime (17 points in 15 minutes). His 22 points at game's end came on 5-of-9 shooting from the floor (3-of-4 threes). NOT:   Nicolas Batum  has been enjoying a nice season, and at 44-percent shooter this season he's a decent offensive option to go along with his length on defense. But he was 2-of-9 against the Spurs and is 2-of-16 the past two games. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Hill's 22 looks even better when the first half against Portland and the final quarter Friday against Atlanta are combined. In 27 minutes of playing time over those three consecutive quarters Hill scored 25 points, hit 4-of-4 3-pointers and went 11-of-12 from the foul line. INSIDE THE ARENA : The Baseline Bums may be long removed from their days of infamy when they raised havoc in Hemisfair Arena, but they still fill the better part of three sections in AT&T Center and lead their share of cheers. The latest line involves anytime Hill comes up with a big play, and it draws off the city's Spanish-speaking heritage: "Hip hip, Jorge! Hip hip, Jorge! Hip hip, Jorge!" GOOD MOVE:  Putting  Richard Jefferson  on Roy, who was 4-of-16 for nine points in 30 minutes. This isn't the first time Jefferson sacrificed points (he scored five Sunday) for stops. He had the primary assignment on Charlotte leading-scorer Gerald Wallace earlier this season and both players scored single-digits points. BAD MOVE : It'll be a bad move if the Trail Blazers front office can't find help for the backcourt. The Spurs starting backcourt and first guard off the bench outscored Portland's 54-19 largely because Roy,  Andre Miller  and  Rudy Fernandez  shot a combined 7-of-29 compared to the 17-of-37 of  Tony Parker  (14 points),  Manu Ginobili  (18 points) and Hill. The Portland guards generated three foul shots compared to San Antonio's 16. ROOKIE WATCH:   Gary Neal  scored 11 points for San Antonio in 19 minutes at guard. The Trail Blazers'  Armon Johnson  (Nevada, 34th pick) got off eight shots in 3 1/2 minutes of late-game garbage time, and he picked up a technical with less than a minute to go. NOTABLE : This was  Tim Duncan's  1,000th regular season game . ...  Joel Pryzbilla  was assessed a flagrant foul when he bumped Parker to the floor midway through the third quarter. ... The Spurs were 2-3 prior to Sunday in games where they scored less than 100 points. UP NEXT:  For the Trail Blazers, Monday @ Memphis, Wednesday @ Dallas, Friday vs. Minnesota. For the Spurs, Wednesday vs.. Milwaukee, Thursday @ Denver, Saturday vs. Minnesota.  