  Notebook: Pacers 102, Bobcats 88 Posted Wednesday February 22, 2012 11:06PM By Will Dannelly, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  In what could be considered a homecoming, Ex Carolina Tarheel  Tyler   Hansbrough  scored a game-high 22 points and added nine rebounds for the Indiana Pacers off the bench to help beat the Charlotte Bobcats 102-88 Wednesday night at Time Warner Cable Arena.  Corey Maggette  scored 20 points for the Bobcats who have only one win in their last 19 games. QUOTABLE:  "Our team has no ceiling. I've said that from day one. I know we can play with the best in the league. We've just got to do it on a consistent enough basis to earn one of the league's best records. We are near the top. We want to be at the top. We've got great talent at every position. We're not a mega-star team but we've got stars on our team. We've put together a solid bench. We're trying to build the best defensive team in the league. We're trying to learn from what Dallas did last year with championship level passing and if we put all those things together, there is no ceiling for us."  --  Pacers head coach  Frank Vogel. THE STAT:  The Pacers tried to give the game away. The game started with an aggressive run by the Bobcats, putting Indiana down by nine early. After a strong 12-4 run to finish the first half, Indiana started the second half as flat as the first, allowing the Bobcats to tie the game with 5:56 left in the third. TURNING POINT:  After a strong second half start by the Bobcats to tie the game, Indiana pulled down 21 offensive rebounds and countered with a 16-6 run to finish out the third quarter and put the Bobcats out of the game. HOT:  Hansbrough came out strong with a 22-point, nine-rebound performance. Also for the Bobcats, while not a tremendous offensive force,  Bismack Biyombo's  presence in the paint was felt as he recorded six blocked shots on the night and contributed nine points. NOT:  Despite a strong week, Indiana center  Roy Hibbert  couldn't get it going against Charlotte. He followed up his 30-point effort against Orleans with nine against the Bobcats. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Hansbrough was met with a mixture of cheers and boos both when coming off the bench and anytime he touched the ball. Bobcat cheerleader and Ex-American Idol contestant  Brittany Kerr  is back from Hollywood after being cut from the show but her singing days are not over. Kerr sang her version of  Gloria Gaynor's  "I Will Survive" during the disco-themed halftime show. Fans in Charlotte want so badly to have something to cheer about that one of their loudest moments of the game was encouraging the P.A. announcer to give a man just one more chance to shoot to win a laptop during a timeout break. The man actually got two extra shots thanks to the crowd's encouragement, and missed them both. ROOKIE WATCH:  Biyombo has struggled to make a positive impact lately at home, often being remembered more for throwing up airball free throws than anything else. With 4:00 left in the 1st quarter he made an impressive play, blocking  Darren Collison's  shot and then hustling down the court to finish a fast break with a slam dunk assisted by  D.J. Augustin . NOTABLE:  It has been more than two years since the Pacers have lost to the Bobcats...The last time Charlotte beat Indiana was in November of 2009...This was the ninth straight victory for the Pacers over the Bobcats...This was the second of three games in which Bobcats guard  Kemba Walker  and Pacers forward  Paul George  face each other. The two will also meet Friday during the BBVA Rising Stars Challenge in Orlando. UP NEXT:  For the Pacers, For the Bobcats, Wednesday @ Detroit, Friday @ San Antonio, Sunday vs. New Jersey. For the Pacers, Tuesday vs. Golden State, Saturday @ New Orleans, Monday @ Chicago.  