  Nuggets-Hawks notebook   By Matt Winkeljohn, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday March 16, 2011 11:21PM THE FACTS:  The host Hawks cooled Denver's three-point shooting, but the Nuggets attacked the basket instead to win their third straight road game and fourth straight overall, 102-87. Nene led the Nuggets with 20 points,  Arron Afflalo  added 15 in his first game after missing three straight with a strained hamstring, and  J.R. Smith  scored all 15 of his points in the fourth quarter -- after Atlanta closed to within 72-69. After making 17 three-pointers in Monday's win in New Orleans and 18 in Saturday's win over Detroit, Denver made just one on the way to a 46-42 halftime lead, and two more in the third while expanding that margin to 72-63, yet the Nuggets made up for it by out-scoring Atlanta 48-28 in the paint and out-rebounding the Hawks 43-35. The Nuggets finished seven-of-14 on three-pointers. The Hawks tried to play big against Denver much of the time, and reserve center  Zaza Pachulia  scored a season-high 19 points with 10 rebounds, but starting center  Al Horford  had just seven points, forward  Josh Smith  made just four of 16 shots and Atlanta made just 41.5 percent of its shots (34 of 82).  Joe Johnson , who scored 36 points Tuesday against Milwaukee, scored 12 points on four-of-13 shooting. QUOTABLE:  "This is a fun team. I don't know who's going to finish [in the game] most nights . . . the other teams can't know what we're going to do because we don't know what we're going to do. We've experimented."   --Nuggets coach  George Karl . THE STAT:  The Nuggets had five players score at least five times each, Atlanta two. This speaks to the numerous personnel options and flexibility that Karl noted. TURNING POINT:  After Atlanta pulled within 72-69 on a Pachulia layup with 10:07 left in the game, Denver out-scored the Hawks 21-8 over the next 5:50 with Smith scoring 10 of the Nuggets' points in that time. He then traded three-pointers with Atlanta's Joe Johnson when his 27-footer at the shot clock gave Denver a 96-80 lead with 3:36 left. QUOTABLE II:  "It just shows we're still an immature team. Something needs to be done."   --Horford, who took just five shots. HOT:  Smith made three-of-four treys and hit six-of-seven shots in the fourth quarter as Denver wore down the Hawks. ... Denver point guard Ty Lawson has registered 10 or more assists in four straight games, including 10 Wednesday. He has 42 dimes in that span. ... Nene has made 36 of 53 shots (67.9 percent) of his shots over the past five games. ... NOT:  Atlanta forwards Josh Smith and Joe Johnson combined to make eight-of-29 shots. ... Since scoring 24 point with five steals in Saturday's win over Portland when he moved into the starting lineup, Atlanta point guard  Jeff Teague  has made just three-of-16 shots with two steals. He made one-of-seven shots Wednesday. ...  J.R. Smith  has made 17-of-29 three-pointers (58.6 percent) over the past three games. QUOTABLE III:  "This Denver team is really a tough team now because they have a lot of pieces that are capable of scoring, whereas before, when they played through one guy, they became a little predictable."   --Atlanta coach  Larry Drew . INSIDE THE ARENA:  Atlanta Falcons owner  Arthur Blank  was in the crowd at Philips Arena. ... Music producer  Polow da Don (Polow-Freache Jamal Fincher Jones) , and CNN anchor  John King  were also at the game. ROOKIE WATCH:  After starting three games in a row while Afflalo was out, Denver's  Gary Forbes  went scoreless in 5:17 Wednesday. NOTABLE:  Wednesday was just the second game in Denver's past 24 road games in which the Nuggets allowed fewer than 100 points. ... Denver is 9-2 since trading  Carmelo Anthony . ... The Nuggets snapped a four-game losing streak in Atlanta, and have won just three times in their last 21 visits there. ... After whipping Milwaukee 110-85 Tuesday night, Atlanta lost the second game of a back-to-back for the first time this season while playing at home. The Hawks were 7-0 in second-game situations at home. UP NEXT:  For the Nuggets, Friday @ the Magic, Saturday @ the Heat, Monday vs. Raptors. For the Hawks, Friday vs. the Heat, Sunday vs. the Pistons, Tuesday vs. the Bulls.  