  Mavericks-Celtics notebook   By Brian Robb, for NBA.com Posted Saturday February 5, 2011 12:02AM THE FACTS:   Jason Kidd  hit the game-winning 3-pointer with just 2.5 seconds remaining in regulation as the Dallas Mavericks edged the Boston Celtics 99-97 for their seventh straight win.  Dirk Nowitzki  scored 21 of his game-high 29 points in the second half, as the Mavericks closed out the game with a 10-0 run to put an exclamation point on the come-from-behind victory.  Ray Allen  scored 24 points for the Celtics, in just their fourth home loss on the season. QUOTABLE:  "I loved the way our guys battled. It comes down to a make or miss here or there, that's how close it was. Fortunately we were able to hang in and make plays. Kidd's shot was huge and we got the stops we needed."   -- Dallas coach  Rick Carlisle . THE STAT:  Two of the most efficient offenses in the NBA were on display from the starting tip Friday night. In the opening 12 minutes both teams combined for 61 points overall, and collectively hit a staggering 67.5 percent of their field goals. The Celtics trailed by seven at the end of the frame, despite hitting 13 of their 19 shot attempts. TURNING POINT:  Down one with just under 10 seconds remaining in the game, the Mavericks attempted to pass the ball to a rolling Nowitzki in the post. The All-Star fumbled the pass, yet still recovered enough to pass out of a triple team by the collapsing Celtics defense. Kidd was the recipient of Nowitzki's good look and shook off his defender before drilling the game winner at the top of the key. QUOTABLE II:  "I just thought defensively we broke a lot of our defensive rules. I thought we played hard, but I thought we tried to cheat a lot defensively as a team, you know gambles, and they made us pay for every one of them."   -- Boston coach  Doc Rivers . HOT:   Kevin Garnett  -- The Eastern Conference All-Star hit a couple early layups against Nowitzki and carried the momentum through the rest of the first quarter. The Big Ticket finished the period with 12 points, going a scorching 6-for-6 from the field. NOT:  Garnett cooled off considerably after his hot start, missing nine of his final 10 shots, including a wide open mid-range jumper with just under a minute remaining and the Celtics clinging to a one-point lead. QUOTABLE III:  "Jason Kidd has a track record of hitting big shots and putting teams on his back. He's carried the load and responsibility for a long time."   -- Kevin Garnett. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:   Kendrick Perkins  made his first start of the season at center in just his sixth game of the season. Upon rejoining the C's regular starting five, the veteran had his first double-double since April 4, 2010 against Cleveland Cavaliers. Perkins finished the night with 13 points and 12 rebounds in 32 minutes of action, posting a season high in all three categories GOOD MOVE:  With the Mavericks thin at the three spot, Carlisle elected to go small in the backcourt and give the 6-foot  J.J. Barea  his first start of the year at shooting guard. The former Northeastern star responded with hot shooting from the outside, going 2-for-3 from downtown on his way to 11 points on the evening. He has hit five of his last seven shots from beyond the arc. BAD MOVE:  Down one with just under three seconds remaining,  Rajon Rondo  inbounded the ball for Boston near halfcourt. The C's point guard tried to connect with Garnett on a risky alley-oop toss, but Rondo's pass sailed over Garnett's head out of bounds, turning the ball over to Dallas. ROOKIE WATCH:  With  Shaquille O'Neal  sidelined,  Semih Erden  worked his way off the bench for the first time in three games. The Turkish center logged eight minutes in the first half, and was active offensively, hitting two of his four shots. He should remain in the rotation as long as O'Neal is inactive. NOTABLE:  With the win, Dallas swept the season series between the teams.  Danny Ainge  announced after the game  Jermaine O'Neal  underwent surgery Friday to "clean up" his ailing left knee. He is expected to sit out an additional 6-8 weeks of action. S. O'Neal sat out the game with a inflamed Achilles. He is also doubtful for the team's Sunday matinee contest against the Orlando Magic. Allen hit 3 treys on the evening and is up to 2,555 overall through his career. He needs just six more to break  Reggie Miller 's record as the all-time leader in 3-pointers. Both teams combined for just ten free throws in the first half. Dallas had six players in double figures.  Tyson Chandler  had a terrific effort in the middle for the Mavs with 14 points and 15 rebounds. Dallas held Boston scoreless for the final 2:38 of regulation. UP NEXT:  For the Mavericks, Saturday @ Charlotte, Monday vs. Cleveland, Wednesday @ Sacramento. For the Celtics, Sunday vs. Orlando, Monday @ Charlotte, Thursday vs. Lakers.  