  Notebook: Suns 79, Celtics 71   By Brian Robb, for NBA.com Posted Friday January 20, 2012 11:58PM THE FACTS: Marcin Gortat  had a game-high 24 points and 12 rebounds, helping the Phoenix Suns to muster enough offense to outlast the shorthanded Boston Celtics 79-71. Boston's offense looked lost for much of the evening without All-Star point guard  Rajon Rondo , and the Suns took advantage to pull away in the fourth quarter, overcoming 21 turnovers for their second straight road victory. Both teams combined for 39 turnovers in the sloppy affair, plagued by missed open shots and a slow pace.  Steve Nash  commanded the Phoenix offense well during crunch time though and fell just short of a double-double with 11 points and nine assists.  Ray Allen  had a team-high 14 points for Boston, as the C's have now lost six of their last seven games. QUOTABLE:  "With [Rondo] out of the lineup it's going to change the team. I think Rondo makes the court open up, and puts pressure on the defense. Tonight we could close down the court and take away their space."   -- Nash on playing the C's without Rondo THE STAT:  Without their floor general in Rondo, Boston failed to attack the rim all night with regularity. The jump-shot heavy C's managed just two free throws in their 35-point first half, and finished with just nine attempts overall. TURNING POINT:  After surrendering the lead late in the third quarter, Phoenix rallied with an 8-0 spurt to close out the frame and claim a five-point lead. The Celtics, largely due to their inefficient offense, were unable to close that five-point gap at all over the remainder of the contest. QUOTABLE II:  " I mean, I told our guys this is more of me and our staff; we've got to figure out something with our offense. The offense is awful."   -- Celtics coach  Doc Rivers HOT:  Gortat -- The Suns' big man caught fire in the first quarter and nearly outscored the Celtics by himself. Gortat tallied 14 points of his 24 points in the frame, on 7-of-11 shooting, while the hosts only managed 15 points over the opening 12 minutes. NOT:   E'Twaun Moore  -- The rookie guard was pressed into extended action with Rondo sidelined, and failed to make the most of his opportunity. The former Purdue star hit only one of six attempts from the field, and has been ice cold lately, hitting just one of his past eleven shots during his last three games. Moore also turned the ball over three times and the Celtics were -8 while he was on the floor in a mere 12 minutes of action. QUOTABLE III:  "We're 4 or 5 games under .500, we'd like to be a lot better, but it is what it is. We just have to keep going back to the drawing board and get back to work, lace them up, and keep preparing. This is a group that's not going to lose any confidence. That's not going to put our heads down."  - - Paul Pierce ROOKIE WATCH:  Suns forward  Markieff Morris  saw his second career start at the power forward spot. Morris only played five minutes in his starting debut Wednesday night due to a stomach virus, but struggled to get comfortable within the Phoenix offense in his 20 minutes against Boston. The former Jayhawk went scoreless and turned the ball over four times on the night. NOTABLE:   Keyon Dooling  (knee) and  Chris Wilcox  (calf) both missed their fourth straight game for Boston. Neither would address their condition with reporters before the contest, but both hope to action next week. Rondo remains day-to-day with a sore right wrist. The MRI on his wrist came back negative, and Rivers says he hopes to play Sunday against Washington.  Avery Bradley  earned his first career start in place of Rondo. He finished with 12 points. Along with Morris,  Ronnie Price  also saw a rare start, his third of the season, in place of  Jared Dudley  in the Suns new-look starting lineup.  Alvin Gentry  went with the Price and Morris for the second straight game in order to improve the team's defensive intensity and add more scoring to the bench unit. Phoenix outrebounded Boston 44-32. The 71 points for the C's were the lowest home point total the team has had since Allen and  Kevin Garnett  joined the team in 2007. Gortat finished one point short of his career-high. UP NEXT:  For the Suns, Monday @ Dallas, Tuesday vs. Toronto, Friday @ Portland. For the Celtics, Sunday @ Washington, Monday vs. Orlando, Thursday @ Orlando.  