  Notebook: Hornets 83, Warriors 81 Posted Wednesday April 25, 2012 1:47AM By Geoff Lepper, for NBA.com THE FACTS:   Marco Belinelli  scored a game-high 23 points, including a goaltended layup with 0.7 seconds remaining, to lead the New Orleans Hornets to a 83-81 victory over the Golden State Warriors on Tuesday. Greivis Vasquez  had 11 points, seven assists and six rebounds for New Orleans, which struggled offensively without star guard  Eric Gordon  -- who was benched for "rest," according to the team. Gustavo Ayon  added 13 points, seven boards and four assists as the Hornets posted just their fourth victory -- against 33 losses -- in games where they trailed after three quarters. Klay Thompson  had 16 points to lead the Warriors, who enhanced their chances of keeping their first-round pick in this year's draft. Golden State has to convey the selection to Utah unless it falls among the top seven picks. QUOTABLE:  "I just loved our defense tonight. . . . I thought we were outstanding holding that team to 17 points (in the fourth quarter). We played the right way."   -- Hornets coach  Monty Williams THE STAT:  On a night where offensive fireworks were in exceedingly short supply, neither club scored more than 22 points in a single quarter. The teams combined for 29 turnovers, although the number often felt like double that amount. TURNING POINT:  With the game tied 81-81 inside the final minute, the Warriors had three chances at a go-ahead score -- thanks to a pair of offensive rebounds on the possession by  Chris Wright  -- but came up empty each time:  Richard Jefferson  missed a mid-range jumper,  Charles Jenkins  clanked a 3-pointer and then Jenkins was swatted on the drive by Ayon. Vasquez grabbed the rebound and started the fast break that ended with Wright goaltending Belinelli out of desperation. Following a Warriors timeout, Jenkins' inbounds pass, meant to be a lob, went off the top of the backboard instead. QUOTABLE II:  "I don't know if it's the best or worst game-winner of the season, but we won a game, and that's important for us and our fans, too."   -- Marco Belinelli HOT:  With Gordon benched, Belinelli slid back into the Hornets' starting lineup at shooting guard and went 9-for-14 with four assists, four boards and three steals against the team that initially drafted him in 2007. NOT:  Jenkins, Golden State's only healthy point guard, notched 10 assists, but had only three after the first quarter. He also committed four turnovers and shot 4-for-16 on the evening. ROOKIE WATCH:  With four blocks in addition to his other numbers, Ayon easily won the battle of first-year big men against Golden State's  Jeremy Tyler  (13 points but 5-for-17 shooting) and  Mickell Gladness  (seven points, four blocks). INSIDE THE ARENA:  Wearing a  Stephen Jackson  jersey,  Kevin Cronin  from San Francisco swished a half-court shot between the third and fourth quarters to win $25,000 in a Warriors season-ticket holder promotion. It was the third winning half-court shot by a Golden State season-ticket holder since March 24. One fan will get a chance to shoot from three-quarters-court in the Warriors' season finale Thursday -- with the prize being $1 million. NOTABLE:  Hours before tipoff, the Warriors announced the ascension of first-year executive  Bob Myers , a 37-year-old Bay Area native, to the position of general manager. Myers, who had been assistant GM to  Larry Riley , was brought in with the expectation of owner  Joe Lacob  that he'd take the job in a couple of years. But Lacob accelerated the timetable after working closely with Myers at the trade deadline, when the club flipped  Monta Ellis  and  Ekpe Udoh  to Milwaukee for center  Andrew Bogut . "Frankly, I didn't need another year to figure it out," Lacob said. "I mean, that's the bottom line. He's good." Riley will remain with the organization as director of scouting. . . . With the loss, the Warriors need just one more loss to ensure a tie for the No. 7 draft slot. If San Antonio beats Golden State (23-41) on Thursday, the Warriors will finish dead even with either Toronto or New Jersey, who also have 23 wins and play each other in their season finale. The slot would then be determined by a coin flip on Friday. . . . Hornets forward  Jason Smith  sat out with a sprained left ankle. . . .  Carl Landry  had 14 points for New Orleans, while  Al-Farouq Aminu  grabbed 11 rebounds. UP NEXT:  For the Warriors, Thursday vs. San Antonio. For the Hornets, Thursday @ Houston.  