Notebook: Magic 110, Pistons 106 
 
 
 Dana Gauruder, For NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Nov 16, 2012 11:29 PM - Updated Fri Nov 16, 2012 11:29 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:   J.J. Redick  had 23 points, including a go-ahead 3-point shot with 42.8 seconds remaining, as the Orlando Magic snapped a five-game losing streak with a 110-106 victory over the Detroit Pistons at The Palace of Auburn Hills Friday night.  Glen Davis  contributed 17 points and 13 rebounds, and  Jameer Nelson  had 13 points and 10 assists as the Magic wiped out a 13-point, second-half deficit.  Greg Monroe  had 23 points and  Tayshaun Prince  added 18 for Detroit, which dropped to 1-9. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We had to deliver our blow. We had to be more aggressive. We had to do everything harder and be tougher. We made some adjustments, set some screens, got guys open, put the ball in the right people's hands and made some big stops in the end." 
 -- Jameer Nelson on his team's comeback 
 
 THE STAT:  55.8. The Magic, averaging 88 points per game, scored 66 in the second half on 55.8 percent shooting. Redick scored 17 of his points after the break and Nelson, who missed the previous six games with hamstring and groin injuries, scored all of his 13 after halftime. Nelson and Redick also combined for nine of the Magic's 15 second-half assists. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  After the Pistons took a 75-62 lead, the Magic went on a 27-11 run spanning the third and fourth quarters. Orlando got points from eight different players during the outburst, including a Redick 3-pointer that tied the game at 85-85 and two free throws that put his team on top. 
 
 QUOTABLE II : "He's a guy that, when he shoots, I think it's going in every single time. That's great confidence to have in him." 
 -- Orlando coach  Jacque Vaughn  on Redick. 
 
 HOT:  Monroe continues to be one of the few bright spots for the Pistons. He's averaging 19 points and 10.6 rebounds over the last seven games. He scored 13 second-half points Friday but it still wasn't enough. 
 
 NOT:  Detroit's backcourt players --  Brandon Knight, Rodney Stuckey, Kyle Singler  and  Will Bynum  -- continually got broken down by Orlando's guards in half court sets during the second half. The Magic managed to rack up their 66 second-half points despite just four fast-break points. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Nelson gathered his teammates together during a third-quarter timeout and his inspiring words sparked the run. They missed his leadership on and off the court during their five-game swoon. "He's our leader," Vaughn said. "No doubt about that." 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Pistons coach  Lawrence Frank  stuck with his second unit too long when the Magic made their move. Four of his reserves played at least five minutes during the fourth quarter and he also ran out of timeouts in the late going. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Detroit forward  Corey Maggette  grabbed his 4,000th career rebound during the second quarter. ...  Brandon Knight  had a double-double for the Pistons with 10 points and 12 assists, a career high. ... Center  Nikola Vucevic  also had a double-double for Orlando (11 points, 13 rebounds). ... The Magic had lost 12 of its last 15 at The Palace. ... Pistons rookie  Kyle Singler  made his second start at shooting guard, even though  Rodney Stuckey  returned to action after missing a game with flu-like symptoms. Singler had 14 points. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Magic, Sunday @ Toronto, Monday @ Atlanta, Wednesday vs. Detroit. For the Pistons, Sunday vs. Boston, Wednesday @ Orlando, Friday vs. Toronto. 
