
 Sixers-Bucks notebook   By Rick Braun, for NBA.com Posted Saturday March 12, 2011 11:53PM THE FACTS: Andrew Bogut  scored 17 points in his best offensive performance since Feb. 5, as the Milwaukee Bucks crushed the Philadelphia 76ers 102-74 Saturday night at the Bradley Center for their third straight victory. QUOTABLE:  "Milwaukee is a very good team; that's a playoff team when they're healthy. That team tonight will make the playoffs."   -- 76ers coach  Doug Collins THE STAT:  Have the Bucks turned a corner? Their average margin of victory in their three-game winning streak is 22.3 points, having beaten Washington by 19, Cleveland by 20 and the Sixers by 28. TURNING POINT:  After  Lou Williams ' 3-pointer pulled Philadelphia within 37-30, the Bucks made seven straight shots from the field in a 20-6 run that gave them a 57-36 lead. The Sixers would get no closer than 12 the rest of the way. QUOTABLE II:  "Larry has come a long way. There's no question Larry's getting better. The thing with him is there aren't physical issues. He's got the length, he's got the athleticism; he's staying in plays a little bit longer and he's able to follow the action a little bit better."   -- Bucks coach  Scott Skiles  on rookie  Larry Sanders HOT:  The Bucks shot 52.6 percent as a team, the second straight game in which they've shot at least 50 percent. They've only done it nine times this season but are 9-0 in those games. The Bucks entered the game at 42.5 percent for the season, worst in the league. NOT:  Other than rookie forward  Evan Turner  and guard  Lou Williams , their first two players off the bench, the rest of the Sixers reserves combined to go 4-for-23. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Wide receiver  Donald Driver  of the Super Bowl champion Green Bay Packers was in a courtside seat and autographed a football that Bango, the Bucks' mascot, threw into the crowd between the third and fourth quarters. ROOKIE WATCH:  Sanders looked as smooth as he has all season, hitting 4 of 6 shots for eight points and blocking five shots. ... Sixers forward Evan Turner had 10 point and four assists. NOTABLE:  Bucks forward  Corey Maggette  dressed for the game after missing the previous two with a sore knee, but did not play. ... The victory pulled the Bucks (26-38) within a half-game of Indiana and Charlotte, who are tied for the eighth and final Eastern Conference playoff spot at 27-38. ... The last time the Bucks won three straight games by 19 or more points was from April 10-14 of the 2000-2001 regular season. ... The Bucks' biggest lead was 34 points. ... Bucks forward  Ersan Ilyasova  missed his eighth straight game with a concussion. UP NEXT:  For the 76ers, Monday @ Utah, Wednesday @ Los Angeles Clippers, Friday @ Sacramento. For the Bucks, Sunday @ Boston, Tuesday @ Atlanta, Wednesday vs. Orlando. 
