  Bobcats-Wizards notebook    By Rich Dubroff, for NBA.com  Posted Monday December 20, 2010 10:54PM THE FACTS: Nick Young  scored 21 points,  Andray Blatche  had 19 and  Kirk Hinrich  18 as the Washington Wizards outscored the Charlotte Bobcats 31-11 in the third quarter on their way to a 108-75 win on Monday night. It broke Washington's seven-game losing streak. Charlotte lost for the third straight time, and dropped its ninth consecutive road game.  Stephen Jackson  led the Bobcats, who committed 29 turnovers, with 13. Over the last nine days, Charlotte has lost three games by more than 30 points. QUOTABLE : "We're not a team. We're not well-coached. We don't play hard. That's my responsibility. I feel bad. To put a team out there and look that way, it's totally my responsibility."   -Bobcats coach  Larry Brown  on his team's frightful performance. THE STAT:  In the third quarter, when they were outscored 31-11, Charlotte was a horrifying 1-for-14 from the field. TURNING POINT:  A 21-2 run that began the third quarter that gave Washington a 71-47 lead with 6:30 to play. QUOTABLE II : "Whenever a trade happens, it's kind of an eye-opener; you try and regroup as a team. So far, we've done a pretty good job of that."   -Hinrich on playing without  Gilbert Arenas,  who was traded to Orlando for  Rashard Lewis  on Saturday. HOT:  With G  John Wall  sidelined with a bruised right knee for the last four games, Young is averaging 23.5 points.. NOT:  Bobcats F  Gerald Wallace , the team's second leading scorer at 16.7 points per game, has missed the last three games with a sprained left ankle. Dominic McGuire has replaced him, and in his last two games, he's just 3-for-15 from the field. In his first game in Washington since the Wizards cut him loose last February, McGuire did not score in 21 minutes. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Lewis, who reported to the team Monday afternoon, didn't dress, but he's likely to get a lot more touches than he did in Orlando. He might be worth a chance. GOOD MOVE:  Washington coach  Flip Saunders  starting Young and Hinrich in the backcourt for the second straight game. They combined for 19 points in the first quarter. BAD MOVE:  Charlotte C  Nazr Mohammed  getting tossed by referee  Scott Foster  in the midst of the 21-2 run. Maybe it was really a good move since he didn't have to watch the remainder of the Bobcats' horrid performance. ROOKIE WATCH:  With the game easily in hand, Saunders found playing time for two rookies: F  Trevor Booker  had six points in 15 minutes and C  Kevin Seraphin  scored two points in five minutes. Charlotte G  Gerald Henderson , who was questionable with an inflamed left knee, had two points?and four turnovers?in 15 minutes. N THE ARENA:  Not many. After their first sellout of the season last Saturday when Miami came to call, the Wizards had another smallish crowd-13,825?and no celebrities. DC bold-faced names usually don't come around when the Bobcats visit. NOTABLE:  The win was Washington's biggest since Nov. 11, 2005 when they beat Seattle by 41. UP NEXT:  Bobcats: Tuesday vs. Thunder, Dec. 27 vs. Pistons, Dec. 29 vs. Cavaliers Wizards: Wednesday vs. Bulls, Sunday @ Spurs, Monday @ Rockets  