Notebook: Grizzlies 92, Mavericks 82 
 
 
 Marlon W. Morgan, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Dec 22, 2012 12:12 AM - Updated Sat Dec 22, 2012 12:12 AM 
 
 THE FACTS:  The Grizzlies were looking forward to welcoming former teammate  O.J. Mayo  and the Dallas Mavericks to FedExForum Friday night. But they had no intentions on being gracious hosts in their reunion. Defensive wizard  Tony Allen  made sure that Mayo's welcome would be a rude one, holding the hot-shooting guard to just 10 points, 10 below his average, on 3 of 10 shooting as the Grizzlies won their fourth straight game, 92-82.  Rudy Gay  led the Grizzlies with a game-high 26 points. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  ""I treated it as a regular opponent, whether he was a Kobe (Bryant) or LeBron (James) or what have you. I studied him. I had maybe 15 minutes worth of film on his last three games of all his buckets. I watched that. I sat here quiet and didn't really talk to my teammates. I was just focused on doing the task at hand." 
  -- Grizzlies guard  Tony Allen  on guarding  O.J. Mayo . 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Grizzlies completed their three-game homestand with a perfect record, which is due to some outstanding defense. They showed by they lead the NBA in opponents scoring, holding Chicago, Milwaukee and Dallas to a combined 77.8 points per game.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  Dallas trailed throughout the night, but was trailing just 88-82 with 1:42 left in the game. But the Grizzlies got two big offensive rebounds by center  Marc Gasol . Then, after the second one, he nailed a jumper from the top of the key that put his team up 90-82 with 41 seconds left. 
 
 HOT:  Gay broke out of brief scoring slump. He had averaged just 13 points in his last three games before dropping in 26 on the Mavericks. Gay was just two points shy of tying his season high. 
 
 NOT:  While the Grizzlies defense has allowed them to continue their winning ways, their offense continues to struggle. During their homestand, they averaged just 87 points a game. Against the Mavs, they shot poorly again, this time 40 percent. 
 
 QUOTABLE;  "I was very pleased. We were undermanned, coming off of a late night back-to-back. The guys really hung in and gave what they could give. I was really happy with how everybody fought. There's not much consolation when you lose, but the effort was good."  
 -- Dallas coach  Rick Carlisle . 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Grizzlies coach  Lionel Hollins  said he went into the game planning to play Allen whenever Mayo was in the game. The result was Allen playing a season-high 35 minutes, which never allowed Mayo to get into an offensive rhythm.  
 
 NOTABLE:  Point guard  Mike Conley 's 11 assists Friday night helped him become the team's career leader. Conley surpassed  Jason Williams  and now has 2,079 career assists. ... Gasol picked up his second straight double-double with 11 points and 11 rebounds. But he's a long ways away from teammate  Zach Randolph , who had his NBA-leading 20th double-double with 17 points and 13 boards. ... Dallas entered the game ranked third in the league in points off turnovers with 19. Against the Grizzlies, they turned 16 Memphis turnovers into 29 points. ... Dallas point guard  Darren Collison  left the game in the second half with an illness. ... The Mavs will enter Christmas under .500 for the first time since the 1999-2000 season, which is the last time they failed to make the playoffs.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Mavericks, Sunday at San Antonio, Thursday at Oklahoma City, Friday vs. Denver. For the Grizzlies, Saturday at Houston, Wednesday vs. Philadelphia, Saturday vs. Denver. 
