Notebook: Knicks 94, Timberwolves 91 
 
 
 Adam Zagoria, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Dec 23, 2012 8:02 PM - Updated Sun Dec 23, 2012 8:03 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:  After the Knicks trailed virtually the entire game,  Carmelo Anthony t urned it on down the stretch and scored 19 of his game-high 33 points in the fourth quarter as New York rallied to beat the Minnesota Timberwolves, 94-91, at Madison Square Garden. 
 Despite picking up his fifth foul late in the fourth, Anthony scored his team's last 12 points, including going a perfect 7-of-7 from the line in the final 1:13, as the Knicks came from 86-82 down in the final four minutes to outscore the Wolves, 12-5. "MVP" chants reigned down on him whenever he stepped to the stripe. 
 The Knicks improved to 4-2 in the final game of their six-game homestand, 20-7 overall and 12-2 at home. 
 
 J.R. Smith  added 19 points for the Knicks off the bench,  Tyson Chandler  had 16 points and nine rebounds and  Raymond Felton  had 15 points. 
 
 Nikola Pekovic  had 21 points and 17 rebounds for the Wolves, who were without  Kevin Love  (eye injury).  Alexey Shved  tallied 18 points and  Luke Ridnour  had 14. 
 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We didn't want to look back at this game later in the season and say this was a game that we shouldn't have lost....We picked it up defensively in the second half and we won the game."  --  Anthony. 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Wolves shot 7-of-22 from beyond the arc and the Knicks were 6-of-26. The Knicks have been below 40 percent from beyond the arc in their last five games. 
 
 
 TURNING POINT:  After trailing virtually the entire game, the Knicks went ahead 87-86 on a driving layup by Anthony with 1:13 remaining. He was fouled by  Andrei Kirilenko  and added a foul shot to make it 88-86. Anthony also hit a 3-pointer to get the Knicks within 86-85.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "That was kind of an MVP performance at the end. He stepped up and made the plays. When he got that fifth foul called, it's like a light went off and he made the plays big-time."  --  Knicks coach   Mike Woodson  on Anthony. 
 
 
 
 WHO'S HOT:  Pekovic torched the Knicks for most of the game. He entered averaging 22.5 points and 9.8 boards in his last six games. 
 
 WHO'S NOT: Ronnie Brewer,   Jason Kidd  and  Steve Novak  continue to struggle for the Knicks. They combined for four points one game after combining for eight. Brewer and Kidd went scoreless. 
 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "It's the fight in our team and it says a lot...Long as we come out on the winning end, I don't care how it plays out."  --  Woodson. 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  It appears the Knicks won't unveil  Amar'e Stoudemire  at any point during their upcoming three-game West Coast swing, and that he will make his season debut in 2013. 
 "No, I don't think he will be available [on the trip]," Woodson said. "He's just not ready to go. I don't foresee that. I just don't." 
 
 NOTABLE II: Marcus Camby , who has missed 12 straight games with plantar fasciitis, told reporters he would be able to play Tuesday at the Lakers. 
 
 
 QUOTABLE IV:  "We gotta take our homecourt, protect our homecourt...We take it one game at a time and wee what happens."  --  Anthony . 
 
 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA: Derek Jeter  sat courtside in a protective boot because he is recovering from a fractured ankle. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Tuesday @ Lakers, Wednesday @ Phoenix, Friday @ Sacramento. For the Wolves, Wednesday vs. Houston, Saturday vs. Phoenix, Jan. 2 at Utah. 
