Notebook: Spurs 102, Hawks 100 
 
 
 Tim Price, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Dec 03, 2013 12:56 AM - Updated Tue Dec 03, 2013 6:19 AM 
 
 THE FACT: Tim Duncan  became the oldest player in NBA history to record a game with at least 20 points and 20 rebounds at 37 years and 221 days old. 
 
 THE LEAD: Mike Budenholzer  was on the Spurs staff for 19 seasons, and his return to San Antonio as head coach for the Hawks fell short of a win when Duncan hit a buzzer-beating jumper that gave the Spurs a narrow victory. 
 
 Jeff Teague , who led the Hawks with 19 points, hit a 3-pointer with 4.7 seconds to go to tie the game. The Spurs called timeout and turned to Duncan. He rolled off a low screen set by  Marco Belinelli  and gathered in a pass from  Manu Ginobili , turned and shot with .4 seconds left for the 16-foot game-winner in the 102-100 decision Monday night at AT&T Center. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We never lost trust in (Duncan). We would be crazy if we did."  --  Ginobili . 
 
 
 THE STAT:  This was the 22nd time Duncan has rung up a 20-20 night. The last time was almost one year ago when Duncan scored 22 points and had 21 rebounds against Utah. He wasn't far from his career-best rebounding night (27 set four seasons ago). His season best in points is 24, set the first week, and his previous high mark for rebounds this season was 10. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  There were 20 lead changes and 17 more times when the game was tied. San Antonio led by seven points with just less than three minutes to go. But the game headed to a tight finish when a pair of 3-pointers --  Paul Millsap  with 17 seconds to go followed by Teague's with 4.7 left -- had the game a breath away from overtime. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "Very, very (tough loss). The effort definitely was there. To go out there and lay it all out there and not come out with the victory is kind of tough."  --  Millsap . 
 
 
 HOT: Boris Diaw  came into the game listed as the sixth-best in field-goal percentage in the league at a .556 clip. He was 7-for-9 tonight off the bench for San Antonio, and he's gone 12-for-16 his past three games. 
 
 NOT: Danny Green  hit a shot the Spurs absolutely needed when he drained a 3-pointer just inside three minutes left to give San Antonio a seven-point lead. But he missed his first six shots and is 10-for-33 his last five games. 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  In his last three games, Duncan has averaged 20.6 points. In the nine games previous to that he was averaging 9.5 points. 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  Budenholzer, whose 19 seasons on the staff of the Spurs included six as the chief assistant to  Gregg Popovich , received a courteous round of applause from the San Antonio crowd when he was announced as Hawks head coach during pre-game lineup introductions. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Not that  Lou Williams  had one of his best offensive games for the Hawks, but having him on the court in a prominent role gave a Spurs team that is second in points allowed so far this season another threat to guard. Limited to six games this season (and now his second start) because of the problems with his right knee, Williams had 10 points in almost 27 ½ minutes. He had four assists and no turnovers, but went 0-for-6 from the 3-point line. Yet all five Hawks starters scored in double figures. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  The Spurs perimeter defense had trouble closing off the 3-point line late. The Hawks were 5-for-11 on their 3-pointers in the fourth quarter, including the two from Millsap and Teague in the final 20 seconds that almost sent the game to OT. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  After Duncan hit his game-winning jumper with .4 left, Atlanta brought in  Pero Antic  to throw the ball in. It's all the action he saw. He did get a pass to Millsap, whose 23-foot 3-pointer to win the game hit the rim and missed. 
 
 NOTABLE:  The Hawks have not won in San Antonio since February 1997, a streak of 16 straight games. ... The Spurs will play their next three games in three different countries (Mexico, Canada and back in the U.S.); the game Wednesday is in Mexico City against the Timberwolves. ...  Kyle Korver  missed his fourth straight game because bruised ribs, and Budenholzer believes Korver should return soon. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Hawks, Wednesday vs. Clippers, Friday vs. Cleveland, Tuesday vs. Oklahoma City. For the Spurs, Wednesday vs. Minnesota (@ Mexico City), Saturday vs. Indiana, Tuesday @ Toronto. 
