  Bulls-Raptors notebook   By Holly J. MacKenzie, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday February 23, 2011 11:06PM THE FACTS:  On Wednesday night at the Air Canada Centre, the Toronto Raptors pulled off an impressive 118-113 victory over the Chicago Bulls, spoiling  Joakim Noah 's return to the court. After a close first half, the Raptors pulled away late thanks to strong fourth-quarter performances from  DeMar DeRozan  and  Leandro Barbosa . DeRozan and  Andrea Bargnani  led the Raptors with 24 points apiece and  Jose Calderon  finished with a game-high 17 assists. While  Derrick Rose  was held to just 13 points at the end of the third quarter, he finished with a game-high 32 points and 10 assists as he did everything in his power to try and will his team to a victory. Rose scored 19 of his 32 in the fourth quarter, but it wasn't enough as the Raptors shot 58 percent -- a season high for a Bulls opponent. QUOTABLE:  "i just feel like I'm supposed to. I'm supposed to go out there and help my team. I just want to win. I want to do as much as I can to win."    -- DeMar DeRozan on his mindset down the stretch of the fourth quarter. THE STAT:  The Raptors shot 58 percent for the game. If you were to listen to any of the Bulls, they would tell you this is why they lost this game. Giving up 58 percent shooting for a game and 67 percent shooting in the fourth quarter of a close game almost guarantees a loss. What might be most impressive is that the Bulls were in the game with under a minute remaining, thanks to the stellar fourth quarter of Rose. Ultimately though, the Bulls were reminded that if they don't play defense, they're not likely to walk away with a win. TURNING POINT:  With Rose first trading buckets with Barbosa, the Raptors then switched to DeRozan on the offensive end. After Rose tied the game with less than two minutes remaining, DeRozan hit a pair of free throws while Rose missed a jumper.  Amir Johnson  scored for the Raptors on the following possession to put his team ahead by two and then came back for the defensive play of the game, blocking a layup attempt by Rose with 13 seconds remaining. QUOTABLE II:  "What didn't? Every aspect. Start with defensive transition, keeping the ball out of the paint, challenging shots, every aspect of our defense out the window."    -- Bull coach  Tom Thibodeau  on what disappointed him most about his team's defensive effort in the loss. HOT:  Despite the loss, Rose showed why he is in the MVP conversation when he scored 19 of his 32 points in the fourth quarter. He got to the line nine times in the final quarter and made all of his attempts. He finished the game 14-for-16 from the foul line and also added 10 assists. He shot just 8-for-22 from the floor for the game, but his effort in the fourth almost made up for his team's defensive breakdowns. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:   James Johnson  started his first game in a Raptors uniform, finishing with nine points, five rebounds and three blocks. Most importantly for fantasy owners is the number of minutes Johnson played. Logging over 26 minutes, look for the Raptors to continue to give Johnson time to show his skills. NOTABLE:  Noah pulled down 16 rebounds in his first game back since having surgery on his right hand. Of those 16 rebounds, nine were offensive, helping the Bulls beat the Raptors 16-4 on the offensive glass. Calderon's 17 assists were just two shy of Chicago's 19 assists as a team. The Raptors had 58 points in the paint to 48 for the Bulls.  Joey Dorsey  was inactive for the Raptors because of back spasms. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Thursday vs. Miami, Saturday @ Milwaukee and Monday @ Washington. For the Raptors, Friday vs. Phoenix, Sunday vs. Dallas and Tuesday vs. New Orleans.  