  Cavs-Pacers notebook   By John Oehser, for NBA.com Posted Friday December 17, 2010 10:24PM THE FACTS:   Danny Granger  scored 30 points with 12 rebounds and the Indiana Pacers got a needed victory in convincing fashion, pulling away from the struggling Cleveland Cavaliers for a 108-99 victory at Conseco Fieldhouse in Indianapolis Friday. Granger, after scoring just 13 points in a Wednesday home loss to the Lakers and 14 in a recent loss to Atlanta, shot 12-for-22 from the field for Indiana, which had lost three consecutive games. Roy Hibbert ,  Brandon Rush  and  Mike Dunleavy  each added 15 points for Indiana, which took a five-point halftime lead and maintained a comfortable edge throughout the second half. Mo Williams  had 22 points to lead the Cavaliers, who lost their 10th consecutive game. QUOTABLE:  "We'll take it. Cleveland has had some issues. They're struggling a little bit with a losing streak, but we'll take the win. This team just came back from Miami and played those guys well. We were up for the challenge. We obviously played well enough to win."    -- Mike Dunleavy THE STAT:  The Pacers had been dramatically outrebounded during a recent three-game losing streak, and turning that statistic around was key Friday. The Pacers outrebounded the Cavaliers 48-39 and held a slight advantage in every quarter. In a three-game losing streak, they had been out-rebounded 147-06 -- 48-36 by the Hawks, 48-41 by the Bulls and 51-29 by the Lakers. TURNING POINT:  The Pacers were never really out of control, but after leading by five points at halftime, they pushed a four-point lead to 69-56 with a 13-4 run.  Josh McRoberts  started the run with a fast-break dunk and Granger had a 3-point field goal to give Indiana its first double-digit lead. QUOTABLE II:  "You take a win. You have to beat the teams you're supposed to beat. You have to play them, so you have to beat them."    -- Danny Granger HOT:  Granger didn't have his best game in a loss to the Lakers Wednesday, but he was back to being a front-line scoring threat Friday. He started the game hot, and his 7-for-13 shooting for 15 points helped the Pacers push to a 53-48 halftime lead. He had 20 points by the end of the third quarter, and stayed consistent throughout the game. NOT:  Neither team was particularly cold at any point, but with the Cavaliers short-handed with injuries they couldn't afford off nights from two of their players. Starting guard  Daniel Gibson  shot 1-for-7 from the field and finished with four points and reserve  Ramon Sessions  missed 5-for-7 shots from the field. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Dunleavy missed much of the last two seasons with injuries, and his continued health and presence in the lineup has helped the Pacers stay competitive throughout much of the early part of the season. He scored 15 points Friday, and while he shot just 4-for-12, he made 2-for-3 3-point field goals. There has been speculation that because Dunleavy is in the final year of his contract he may not be part of the Pacers' core moving forward, but coach  Jim O'Brien  said he hopes that's not the case. "Mike has had a really, really strong year," O'Brien said. "I wouldn't want to have the opportunity to have Mike and not have have him our team." GOOD MOVE:  Granger said he played a bit too passively and coasted at times in his last two games. He said he wanted to be more aggressive on Friday, and the result was his biggest scoring game since scoring 37 against Sacramento on November 30. "I made a point to go out and try to be an assassin," Granger said. "That philosophy worked better for me." BAD MOVE:  Can't really fault Cavaliers coach  Byron Scott  for the approach, but injuries have forced a lack of depth that on Friday forced Cleveland to play with a short bench. Only eight players played extensively, and the Pacers rotated players throughout the final half to pull steadily away. NOTABLE:  Cavaliers forward  Leon Powe  missed the game after tearing some skin off of his middle finger in practice Thursday, Scott said. Forward  Joey Graham  also will missed with a right quad strain, further reducing an already tight rotation for the Cavaliers. . . . The Cavaliers finished with three second-chance points, the fewest by a Pacers opponent this season. . . . Hibbert blocked a season-high six shots for Indiana. UP NEXT:  For the Cavaliers, Saturday vs. New York, Monday vs. Utah, Wednesday @ Atlanta. For the Pacers, Sunday @ Boston, Monday vs. New Orleans, Sunday vs. Memphis.  