  Bucks-Trail Blazers notebook   By Kerry Eggers, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday December 21, 2010 2:04AM THE FACTS:  The Trail Blazers led almost from start to finish in completing their three-game homestand unbeaten with a 106-80 rout of Milwaukee on Monday night at the Rose Garden.  LaMarcus Aldridge  led the way with 29 points and a career-high 19 rebounds in 44 minutes. QUOTABLE:  "This is the best I've played as far as points in the paint, going for the basket, getting to the free throw line -- all those things are pretty high right now. This is the best I've played in my career."    -- Aldridge on his recent play THE STAT: Wesley Matthews  set the tone by going 5-for-5 -- including 3-for-3 from 3-point range -- and scoring 13 points in the first quarter. Matthews finished with 22. TURNING POINT:  Milwaukee went on a nine-point run to get to within 23-18 late in the first quarter. Portland went on a 34-point second-quarter rampage to take a 59-35 lead into intermission, and it was over. QUOTABLE II:  "Now I have standards for him. He's going to get an earful from me if I see anything less than this. This is regular to me."    -- First-year Blazer Wesley Matthews, on recent play of Aldridge. HOT:  Aldridge, on the greatest four-game tear of his career, made 12 of 18 shots from the field. Aldridge is shooting 62 percent from the field and averaging 29.3 points over that stretch. NOT:  The Bucks, who entered the game shooting a league-worst 41 percent from the field, fired with only 38-percent accuracy Monday night. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Aldridge totaled 29 points, 19 rebounds and even had two assists, two steals and two blocked shots. INSIDE THE ARENA:  The announced crowd of 20,406 was the 128th straight sellout at the Rose Garden, including playoffs, dating to December 2007. GOOD MOVE:  With  Marcus Camby  and  Joel Przybilla  injured, Portland coach  Nate McMillan  had no centers to guard  Andrew Bogut , but mixed up the defense and sent double-team help at Milwaukee's 7-footer early. Bogut didn't make a field goal until midway through the third quarter and finished with five points and five rebounds in 26 minutes. BAD MOVE:  McMillan played Aldridge 44 minutes in a blowout, perhaps to give him a chance to reach 20 rebounds. The risk of injury in a blowout wasn't worth it. ROOKIE WATCH: Luke Babbitt  notched season highs in minutes (18) and points (six) and made a nice lob pass to Aldridge for a dunk. NOTABLE:  Aldridge fell one rebound shy of becoming Portland's first 20/20 player since  Zach Randolph  in April 2003. UP NEXT:  For the Blazers, Saturday @ Golden State, Monday @ Utah. For the Bucks, Tuesday @ L.A. Lakers, Thursday @ Sacramento  