  Warriors-Thunder notebook   By Randy Renner, for NBA.com Posted Sunday December 5, 2010 11:11PM THE FACTS:  The Oklahoma City Thunder jumped out to a big lead early and then held on for dear life down the stretch for a 114-109 win over the Golden State Warriors. The Thunder led by as many as 23 but were outscored 39-24 in the fourth quarter. It wasn't quite enough for Golden State. Thunder forward  Kevin Durant  led OKC with 28 points while point guard  Russell Westbrook  added 19 and dished 13 assists. Warriors guards  Stephen Curry  and  Monta Ellis  combined for 68 points as Curry set a season-high with 39 points. The Warriors have now lost four straight in Oklahoma City. QUOTABLE:  "It was not the way to finish but we got the win. We wanted to play better in the fourth quarter. Giving up almost 40 points is not good basketball."    -- Thunder coach  Scott Brooks THE STAT:  In a game that turned out very close, Oklahoma City outscored Golden State at the free-throw line by 19 points. OKC was 37-for-40 at the stripe, while the Warriors were 18-for-21. TURNING POINT:  An 18-2 start by Oklahoma City put the Warriors into a hole they could never dig their way out of. Golden State rallied in the fourth quarter, but could get no closer than three. QUOTABLE II:  "We've just gotta keep executing and finish our plays. That hurt us early. Steph played great, he's a little beaten up right now, a little sore but he played great."    -- Warriors coach  Keith Smart HOT:  In the fourth quarter, Golden State guards Ellis and Curry were a combined 8-for-12 for 22 points. NOT:  Also in the fourth quarter, the entire Thunder team was just 7-for-20 for 24 points. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Curry filled the stat sheet with 39 points on 14-for-20 shooting including 4-for-7 on 3-pointers. He also dished six assists, stole the ball twice, blocked a shot and grabbed a rebound. GOOD MOVE:  Brooks put defensive specialist  Thabo Sefolosha  on Ellis, the Warriors' leading scorer. In the first 22 minutes of the game Sefolosha held Ellis to just 2-for-5 shooting and five points. ROOKIE WATCH:  Warriors forward  Jeff Adrien  played 10:51, scored five points and grabbed six rebounds. Guard  Jeremy Lin  was in the game for 8:34, scoring one point. Thunder center  Cole Aldrich  is on assignment to Tulsa of the NBA D-League. NOTABLE:  This is the first Sunday game Oklahoma City has won this season. The Thunder had come in 0-3 in home Sunday games and 0-1 on the road. The Thunder are a combined 13-3 on other days of the week. UP NEXT:  For the Warriors, Tuesday @ Dallas, Wednesday @ San Antonio, Friday vs Heat. For the Thunder, Monday @ Chicago, Wednesday @ Minnesota, Friday @ New Orleans.  