Notebook: Clippers 111, Thunder 103 
 
 
 Dan Arritt, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Thu Nov 14, 2013 2:33 AM - Updated Thu Nov 14, 2013 2:33 AM 
 
 THE FACT:   Clippers point guard  Chris Paul  had 14 points and 16 assists to become the first NBA player since  Magic Johnson  in 1990 to produce double digits in both categories in the first nine games. 
 
 THE LEAD:   Without two of their legs to stand on, the Thunder couldn't keep the roof from caving in Wednesday night against the Clippers.  Kendrick Perkins  missed the game following the death of his grandfather and  Serge Ibaka  was ejected for fighting late in the first half, creating just enough instability that Oklahoma City let a nine-point halftime lead slip away in the 111-103 loss at Staples Center.   
 
 THE STAT:   The primary method the Clippers took advantage of Oklahoma City's missing big men was in rebounding. L.A. owned a 50-35 edge on the glass, including an 18-8 advantage on the offensive end. 
 
 QUOTABLE:   "We came out and pitched a great defensive performance. I told our guys before the game, "We know now it. Now we've got to go from knowing it, to doing it and doing it all the time.' " 
 -- Clippers coach  Doc Rivers 
 
 
 TURNING POINT:   The Clippers started the fourth quarter the same way they opened the game, with an 8-0 run that pushed the lead to 91-78. The Thunder whittled the deficit back down to five and had a chance to trim it to four with 2:58 left, but  Russell Westbrook  missed two free throws. On Oklahoma City's next trip down the floor, Clippers guard  J.J. Redick  poked the ball away from  Reggie Jackson  and passed it to  Blake Griffin  who was racing down the middle of the floor. Griffin slipped and fell at the top of the 3-point circle, but  managed to bat the ball back to Redick, who passed it to  Jamal Crawford  on the right wing and he laid the ball in for a 104-96 lead with 2:23 left. L.A. then finished off the win at the free-throw line. 
 
 HOT:   Crawford, the NBA Sixth Man of the Year last season, is back to his old tricks, scoring 20 points off the bench against the Thunder, including 12 in the final quarter. Crawford has produced 30 of last 54 points in fourth quarter. Nobody benefitted from the absence of Perkins and Ibaka more than Griffin, who finished with a team-high 22 points, 12 rebounds, seven assists and three steals. The Thunder got 33 points from  Kevin Durant  but a more noticeable number was his 10 assists, one off his career high. Durant was forced to do more passing as the Clippers threw an extra defender at him with Ibaka off the floor. 
 
 NOT:  Both teams scored 24 points off 22 turnovers. The Thunder received absolutely nothing from reserve guards  Jeremy Lamb  and  Derek Fisher , who combined to miss all eight of their field-goal attempts and score zero points. Oklahoma City coach  Scott Brooks  elected to start  Ryan Gomes  in Ibaka's spot at forward to start the second half -- even though Gomes had appeared in just one game this season -- and the ex-Clipper committed four fouls in six minutes while trying to slow Griffin. As for the Clippers, Redick missed his first five shots and committed a glaring turnover that led to a clear-path foul in the first half, but he bounced back to make five of his next eight shots and finish with 15 points. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:   Intentionally fouling Clippers center  DeAndre Jordan  has become a common tactic by NBA coaches. Not a bad idea, considering Jordan came in shooting 42.2 percent from the line for his career and 37.8 this season. But when the Thunder elected to purposely send Jordan to the line with 2:20 left in the third quarter, Jordan responded by hitting both foul shots for a 77-75 lead. Jordan then stuffed Durant on the other end, leading to a fast break and two more free successful throws for Griffin. Just as important, reserve forward  Nick Collison  picked up his fifth foul on the play, leaving Oklahoma City on the verge of losing another big man. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:   "We can put on helmets and pads tomorrow, but we're not going to do that." 
 --   Doc Rivers 
 
 
 BAD MOVE:    It all started with a simple rebound in traffic by Griffin, who got tangled up with Ibaka in the process. Ibaka, who was assessed a flagrant foul and later fined for slapping Griffin in the groin during a game at Staples Center last March, apparently thought Griffin held on for too long and flung him aside. That prompted Clippers enforcer  Matt Barnes  to give Ibaka a two-handed shove to the chest. Ibaka raised his fist toward Barnes and players from both sides converged, but Ibaka didn't throw the punch. In the end, Ibaka and Barnes were ejected and Griffin received a technical foul. The Clippers benefited from that trade-off, as Ibaka was 6-for-6 from the floor at that point with 13 points and Barnes was 0-for-5 with none. Barnes wasn't too pleased with his early exit though, grabbing one of his sons from out of the stands as he left the arena floor and then tweeting his unhappiness about continuously getting fined for sticking up for his teammates. Barnes later deleted the expletive-filled tweet. 
 
 NOTABLE:   The Thunder are the ninth straight opponent to score at least 40 points in the paint against the Clippers. 
 
 UP NEXT:   For the Clippers, Saturday vs. Brooklyn, Monday vs. Memphis, Wednesday at Minnesota. For the Thunder, Thursday at Golden State, Saturday at Milwaukee, Monday vs. Denver.  
