Notebook: Magic 94, Bucks 91 
 
 
 Dick Scanlon, NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Nov 13, 2013 11:27 PM - Updated Wed Nov 13, 2013 11:27 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  Arron Afflalo 's career-high 36 points were just enough to lift the Orlando Magic over the depleted Milwaukee Bucks. 
 
 THE LEAD:  Afflalo tied a franchise record with five 3-pointers in the third quarter and scored 29 points in the second half to help the Magic break a three-game losing streak, 94-91. 
 The Bucks had only eight players and lost  Caron Butler  to a left shoulder injury late in the fourth quarter. 
 Milwaukee came out sizzling and led by 19 when Butler nailed a 3-pointer with 7:44 left in the first half. 
 Afflalo shot Orlando back into the game with three 3-pointers in a span of 82 seconds early in the third quarter, but the Magic did not take the lead for keeps until Afflalo's two free throws with 2:06 remaining in the game. 
 
 O.J. Mayo , who played almost 44 minutes, led the Bucks with 25 points. Butler had 20 and  Khris Middleton  had 19. 
 
 THE STAT:  After scoring 32 points in the first 9 1/2 minutes while shooting 65 percent, the Bucks scored 59 points in the remaining 38 1/2 minutes, shooting 37 percent. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We did wear down. You could tell . . . From an injury standpoint, this is an all-time low for us." 
 -- Bucks coach  Larry Drew 
 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Bucks had a 54-43 lead and the ball out of bounds with 2.5 seconds left in the first half.  Maurice Harkless  stole the inbounds pass and went down for a dunk, leaving the Magic nine points down at halftime. 
 
 HOT:  Afflalo shot 11-for-15 overall and 8-for-11 from 3-point range. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I noticed during the first half that every time Jameer (Nelson) got into the paint, every time that  Victor (Oladipo)  got into the paint and every time  Nik (Vucevic)  touched the ball, they were kind of conditioned to just sink in and help. So I had a lot of open looks . . . I only took three shots (actually four) in the first half but I knew they would be there in the second half." 
 -- Afflalo 
 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "He got away from us. We left him a couple of times, but there was dribble penetration where we did have to help, and it left him open in the corner. He was just on fire tonight." 
 -- Drew, on Afflalo 
 
 
 NOT:  Nelson and Oladipo shot a combined 7-for-25, and both are shooting below 40 percent for the season. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Veteran guard  Ronnie Price , who had played a total of 21 minutes in the Magic's first eight games, started the second half in a three-guard lineup and contributed seven rebounds in 25 minutes. 
 
 QUOTABLE IV:  "He came in and he played with so much energy that I thought it was contagious for our team." 
 -- Afflalo, on Price. 
 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Instead of going up hard for a dunk or a foul, Oladipo kept trying to sneak around to the other side of the basket for a layup -- and kept getting it stuffed. 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Afflalo had a fantasy dream game with eight rebounds, six assists, two steals and 6-for-6 foul shooting. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Three of Milwaukee's eight players were rookies, and they played a total of 65 1/2 minutes . . . Point guard  Nate Wolters  played almost 40 minutes and finished then game with 37 assists and six turnovers, a league-leading ratio of 6.17. 
 
 NOTABLE:   The Bucks have lost 15 straight games in Orlando, going back to Dec. 29, 2004. ... Aside from the four players they had already inactive, the Bucks had three late scratches -- center  Zaza Pachulia  (foot), and guards  Brandon Knight  (ankle) and  Gary Neal  (foot) . . . Butler left the game with 1:42 remaining. His availability for Friday night is unknown. 
 
 UP NEXT : For the Bucks: Friday @ Indiana, Saturday vs. Oklahoma City, Wednesday vs. Portland. For the Magic: Saturday vs. Dallas, Wednesday vs. Miami, Saturday (Nov. 23) @ Miami. 
