  Magic-Thunder notebook   By Randy Renner, for NBA.com Posted Thursday January 13, 2011 11:46PM THE FACTS:  Monster games by big-time players thrilled another sellout crowd in Oklahoma City and a national television audience watching on TNT as the Thunder and the Orlando Magic battled down to the last second. Orlando's  Jason Richardson  hit a 3-pointer at the buzzer but the Magic were still a point short as Oklahoma City won 125-124. OKC's  Kevin Durant  led the Thunder with 36 points. Teammate  Russell Westbrook  added his second triple-double of the season with 32 points, 13 assists and 10 rebounds. Orlando's  Dwight Howard  led all scorers with 39 points and he pulled down a game high 18 rebounds. QUOTABLE:  "We just couldn't stop them at all, especially Durant and Westbrook. They average 50 a night but we gave them 68."   -- Magic coach  Stan Van Gundy THE STAT:  Durant and Westbrook combined to go 24-for-39, for 68 points. Together they pulled down 14 rebounds, dished 15 assists, blocked three shots and stole the ball twice. TURNING POINT:  Oklahoma City led all the way but a 3-pointer by Thunder forward  Jeff Green  as the shot clock expired with 2:48 left in the game gave OKC a 119-112 lead after Orlando had come to within 114-112 less than a minute earlier. QUOTABLE II:  "That was about as good as we can play offensively, especially against one of the best defensive teams in the league. We beat a very good team tonight."   -- Thunder coach  Scott Brooks HOT:  In the first half, Durant scored 21 points on 8-for-9 shooting. NOT:  Orlando forward  Hedo Turkoglu  scored just seven points on 2-for-9 shooting. He was 0-for-1 from long range. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Howard scored 39 points on 11-for-19 shooting, including 17-for-20 from the free-throw line. He also grabbed 18 rebounds, eight on the offensive glass. Howard added two blocked shots and handed out an assist. INSIDE THE ARENA:  PGA Tour veteran  Scott Verplank , who lives in the Oklahoma City area, sat courtside and signed autographs before the game. So did University of Oklahoma football coach  Bob Stoops . GOOD MOVE:  In the fourth quarter, Westbrook found Durant running along the baseline with a bullet pass between two Orlando defenders. Durant jammed it home for a 10-point OKC lead. NOTABLE:  Until tonight Orlando had managed to contain Durant. The Oklahoma City forward came in averaging just 17.6 points for his career against the Magic, the lowest average against any team. Durant was determined this game wouldn't be like the others and it wasn't as he hit for 36, his third straight game with 30 points or more. Oklahoma City is now 7-0 this season in national TV games (TNT, ESPN). UP NEXT:  For the Magic, Saturday @ Minnesota, Monday @ Boston, Wednesday vs 76ers. For the Thunder, Monday @ LA Lakers, Wednesday @ Denver, Saturday vs Knicks.  