  Cavaliers-Hornets notebook   By Larry Holder, for NBA.com  Posted Friday November 19, 2010 11:48PM THE FACTS:   David West  scored a season-high 34 points along with 11 rebounds as the New Orleans Hornets knocked off the Cleveland Cavaliers 108-101 on Friday night at the New Orleans Arena. The Hornets allowed a team to reach the 100-point mark for the first time this season, but still managed to pick up its 10th win of the early season. QUOTABLE:  "We had some breakdowns there at the end. Some things that were communicated in the huddle that we didn't go out and execute. That's not the way we've got to close. If that's a better team, we're probably still out there playing in overtime."   -- West on the Hornets' lack of defense THE STAT:  33 ? Fourth-quarter points the Cavaliers scored. It's the most points the defensive-minded Hornets have surrendered in a single quarter this season. Cleveland trimmed New Orleans' lead down to 104-101 with 21.2 seconds remaining in the game. TURNING POINT:  The Hornets went on a 15-0 run in the second quarter to go up 59-41 with 1:03 left in the first half. It gave the Hornets enough cushion to avoid their second-half defensive breakdowns. HOT:  West was undoubtedly the Hornets' go-to player Friday night as he shot 14 of 20 from the floor for his 34 points. West also had three blocked shots and a crucial steal in the waning seconds to seal the win. NOT:  The Cavaliers as a whole. They came back and made it close down the stretch, but the Cavaliers struggled for most of the game shooting from the floor as they ended up only shooting 34.9 percent. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  The Cavs' Antawn Jamison scored a team-high 20 points off the bench along with 11 rebounds. He hit three 3-pointers and an assist as well. QUOTABLE II:  "I thought we showed a lot of character tonight. We showed a lot of fight. We got down 20 or 18 points, whatever the case may be, and we didn't mail it in."    --  Cavs coach  Byron Scott  on the team's performance NOTABLE:  Cavs forward  Joey Graham  was ejected early in the fourth quarter after being called for a flagrant two foul on West. Graham smacked West across the head and face as West went up for an uncontested layup. West went down hard, but remained in the game. Graham did try to attend to West while on the ground. West said the foul was "just part of the game" and he didn't hold a grudge. ... Cavs center  Ryan Hollins  fouled West hard less than three minutes later. Hollins was called for a flagrant one foul. ... This was Scott's first trip back to New Orleans since being fired by the Hornets 371 days ago. UP NEXT:  For the Cavaliers, Tuesday vs. Clippers, Wednesday @ Utah, Friday @ Denver. For the Hornets, Sunday @ Sacramento, Monday @ L.A. Clippers, Wednesday @ Utah.  