  Notebook: Hornets 102, Nets 94 Posted Saturday March 17, 2012 11:15PM By Abe Schwadron, for NBA.com THE FACTS: Jarrett Jack, Chris Kaman  and  Marco Bellinelli  each hit long jumpers in the game's waning moments, while  Deron Williams  missed twice in the final minute, and the New Orleans Hornets overcame a 12-point deficit at the start of the fourth quarter to spoil  Gerald Wallace's  Nets debut and beat the New Jersey Nets, 102-94 at the Prudential Center on Saturday night. Jack drilled a 3-pointer to give New Orleans a one-point lead with 1:28 to play and Kaman made a desperation heave to beat the shot clock on the next Hornets possession to put the Nets in a 97-94 hole. After Williams missed a driving runner at the other end, Bellinelli delivered the dagger on a fading shot from beyond the arc with 16.8 remaining. Kaman and Bellinelli each poured in 20 points to lead New Orleans, which shot 51 percent from the field as a team. Wallace scored 11 points in 37 minutes in his first game with New Jersey, while Williams led the Nets with 20 points and 12 assists in his first game back since missing four straight contests with a calf injury. QUOTABLE:  "Words can't even describe it to be honest. That's really what's been happening to us all season man...We just haven't been able to close out games for whatever the reason may be. Tonight we were able to put it all together and pull out a W."  --  Hornets guard Jack, on New Orleans finally being able to close out a game. THE STAT:  Led by Morrow and  Gerald Green  (16 points), the Nets bench outscored New Orleans' 38 to 28, but New Jersey is 4-14 when outscoring the opponent's bench, and the Hornets bench outdid the Nets' in other areas. New Orleans' bench totaled 11 assists and 17 rebounds, to just four assists and 10 rebounds for the Nets' second unit. TURNING POINT:  After Wallace hit a 3-pointer from the corner that beat the third-quarter buzzer and gave the Nets a 12-point lead heading into the fourth, all the momentum was with New Jersey. But the Hornets didn't let the Nets blow things open, instead responding with a 6-0 run to open the fourth and keep them in the game. QUOTABLE II:  "We got 20 games left in the regular season, and I'm really looking forward to seeing how this group finishes the season. And to me, it was kind of the intro, but we definitely have a lot of work to do."  --  Nets head coach  Avery Johnson . HOT:  Morrow was on fire from deep, making all four of his 3-point attempts and shooting 8-for-13 from the field to score 20 points, tying Williams for New Jersey's team-high on the night. It's his seventh game of 20 or more points this season. NOT:  The Nets in the fourth quarter. New Jersey was outscored 32-12 in the final period, thanks to 5-for-23 field goal shooting (22 percent). The Nets missed all three of their 3-point attempts in the fourth, and only Williams scored more than two points (he had six). GOOD MOVE:  Getting Wallace in the starting lineup, no matter how little he knew about the Nets' offense. Wallace scored his first two points as a Net on an alley-oop from Williams early in the first quarter and brought defensive intensity from the outset. As expected, he filled up the stat sheet even in a loss, registering three rebounds, three assists and a season-high three blocked shots to go with his 11 points on 3-for-9 shooting. NOTABLE:  Hornets center  Jason Smith  saw his first action in over a month, and scored six points on 3-for-9 shooting in 20 minutes of action. Smith missed 20 games with a concussion, before which he was averaging 8.2 points and 3.9 rebounds per game. QUOTABLE III:  "We might have to get him a helmet or something, because he plays so hard, he's bound to get hit in the head. He plays the way I did, that's why I love him so much. He just gives it up every night." --  Hornets head coach  Monty Williams , on [Jason] Smith's return from a concussion. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Wallace is wearing No. 45 with the Nets, after wearing No. 3 for the entirety of his previous 10-plus seasons in the NBA. New Jersey retired No. 3 in 1993 after the tragic death of former shooting guard  Drazen Petrovic , whose name hangs in the rafters at The Rock. UP NEXT:  For the Nets, Monday vs. Cavaliers, Wednesday vs. Wizards, Friday @ Atlanta. For the Hornets, Wednesday vs. Warriors, Thursday vs. Clippers, Saturday vs. Spurs.  