Notebook: Thunder 109, Pelicans 95 
 
 
 Bradley Handwerger, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Dec 07, 2013 12:05 AM - Updated Sat Dec 07, 2013 12:05 AM 
 
 THE FACT:   For the 12th time in 19 games this season, the Pelicans allowed an opponent to score at least 100 points. New Orleans fell to 3-9 in such games. 
 
 THE LEAD:   Oklahoma City found itself in a battle with New Orleans for the first 24 minutes Friday night. Then it found itself in cruise control, rolling past the Pelicans 109-95 for its ninth win in the past 10 games.  Kevin Durant  recorded a game-high 29 points and eight rebounds while  Russell Westbrook  finished 25 points and four assists despite being sick earlier in the day to pace the Thunder (14-4). 
 Oklahoma City took advantage of a Pelicans' frontcourt that was missing  Anthony Davis , who sat out his third-straight game with a broken left hand. The Thunder scored 48 points in the paint and blocked 11 shots by New Orleans (9-10). After shooting 52 percent in the opening 12 minutes, a stretch in which the Pelicans took a 22-11 lead, New Orleans went cold thereafter, shooting just 32 percent in the final three quarters.  Serge Ibaka  was solid inside for Oklahoma City, putting up 17 points but more importantly, coming through with 13 rebounds and three blocked shots. 
 The Thunder climbed back in the game after  Jrue Holiday 's reverse layup put the Pelicans up by 11.  Five players helped Oklahoma City go on a 13-4 run to close the first quarter. New Orleans would never find a way to lead by more than a basket again in the game.  Ryan Anderson  finished with 18 points in the loss for New Orleans, which also got 10 from both  Eric Gordon  and  Jrue Holiday . 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We took a little bit of self pride.  You know, guys, you got to stop your man. You can't worry about help." 
 -- Thunder coach  Scott Brooks  on what changed after New Orleans' quick start. 
 
 
 THE STAT:  11 -- The number of blocks the Thunder finished with Friday night. Oklahoma City entered the game averaging just six blocks per game. But the Thunder's menacing defense on the interior forced the Pelicans into jump shots instead of easy layups. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Pelicans appeared to be squarely in Friday night's game until suddenly they weren't. And the letdown occurred with less than a minute to play in the first half. After New Orleans' Gordon tied the game with a driving layup, Oklahoma City's Westbrook allowed the shot clock to slowly tick away until he launched a 26-foot shot at the least second. The ball went in off the rim, Westbrook turned around and holstered his fingers in a fake belt. After New Orleans missed a game-tying 3-point attempt by Holiday, the Thunder's  Reggie Jackson  matched Westbrook's shot and the Thunder took a six-point lead to halftime. New Orleans would never be back within six points. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I don't know if we got away from it or if we were just a bit intimidated because we were missing so much." 
  -- Pelicans coach  Monty Williams  on why New Orleans got away from going to the basket. 
 
 
 NOT:  New Orleans needed a big game out of  Al-Farouq Aminu  if they were going to have a chance against the Thunder. He didn't deliver, however, finishing with just seven points on a cold 3-of-14 shooting.  
 
 NOTABLE:  Oklahoma City shot 80 percent from the free-throw line. ... The Thunder held the league's second-best fast-break team to just 10 such points. New Orleans came in averaging 17 per game. ... The Thunder held the Pelicans to just 32 percent shooting in the final three quarters. ... The Pelicans shot just 18.8 percent. ... New Orleans did lead with 20 second-chance points while allowing just five to Oklahoma City. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Pelicans, Wednesday vs. Detroit, Friday vs. Memphis, Sunday @ Denver. For the Thunder, Sunday vs. Indiana, Tuesday @ Atlanta, Wednesday @ Memphis. 
