Notebook: Magic 109, Hawks 92 
 
 
 Jon Cooper, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Nov 27, 2013 12:11 AM - Updated Wed Nov 27, 2013 12:11 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  Arron Afflalo shoots Orlando over Atlanta in an afflaugher. 
 
 THE LEAD: Arron Afflalo  scored 26 points and the Orlando Magic shot a blistering 57 percent in the second half to beat the Atlanta Hawks 109-92 Tuesday night at Philips Arena. 
 Afflalo was 9-for-18 from the field, 4-for-7 from three, and scored 10 points in the third quarter when Orlando outscored Atlanta 36-20 to take control of the game. Rookie guard  Victor Oladipo  and forward  Andrew Nicholson  each added 18 and center  Nikola Vucevic  had a 12-point, 15-rebound double-double, his eighth of the year for the Magic, who ended a four-game losing streak, an 11-game skid to the Hawks and a seven-game skein at Philips. Orlando surrendered the first seven points of the game and trailed by as much as eight in the first half, but shot 62.5 percent in the third quarter and 58.1 percent in the second half, while holding the Hawks to 32.4 percent and eventually led by as much as 24 in the fourth quarter.  Jeff Teague  and  Al Horford  each scored 15 to pace the Hawks, who have now lost back-to-back home games. 
 
 THE STAT:  9-for-11 -- Orlando took over the game in the third quarter, scoring on nine of 11 attempts in the paint, including 4-for-4 on fast-break layups. The Magic outscored Atlanta 18-10 in the paint but limited the Hawks to 5-for-14 shooting in the quarter. Key in those PIPs were a pair of uncontested Afflalo layups on back-to-back possessions, both assisted by  Jameer Nelson . The Magic had nine buckets in the paint in the entire first half. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  With only 2:37 elapsed in the third quarter and Orlando's deficit doubled to eight, coach  Jacque Vaughn  called timeout. Coming out of that timeout, third-year guard  E'Twaun Moore  took matters into his own hands. He scored Orlando's next seven points on a 10-foot floater in the lane (following a  Glen Davis  offensive rebound), hitting a layup on the next possession, then making a steal and getting a three-point play on a layup. The burst cut the lead to three and ignited the Magic, which outscored Atlanta 18-8 over the next five minutes, and put Orlando up by seven. Moore finished with nine points on 4-for-4 shooting with a rebound and a steal in the quarter. 
 
 HOT:  Afflalo leads Orlando in scoring and has feasted on Atlanta this season. He continued his fine ATL dining Tuesday night, shooting 9-for-18, 4-for-7 from downtown and 4-for-4 from the line. Afflalo, who was supposed to start the game at guard but instead moved to forward when  Tobias Harris  was a late scratch, scored 10 points in the third quarter, making 4-of-6 shots, and even in his poorest-shooting quarter, the second, when he was 3-for-7, still drained both of his 3s. In two games against the Hawks this season, Afflalo is shooting 50 percent (17-for-34), and almost 54 percent from 3 (7-for-13). He also has 10 assists vs. five turnovers. 
 
 HOT:  Jameer Nelson had the touch in the third quarter, scoring seven points on 3-for-7 shooting and handing out eight assists without a turnover. Nelson really got it going in a 3:25 stretch when Orlando outscored Atlanta 14-4 and went from five points down to seven points up. He was involved in all seven of the Magic's hoops, assisting on six of them and hitting a 3 for the other. 
 
 NOT:  After shooting 3-for-5, with two assists in the first quarter, Teague made only one field goal over the final three. The Hawks' point guard went 1-for-6 over the final 36 minutes and had the same number of turnovers as assists (four). Teague came into the game leading the Hawks in scoring at 17.8 ppg, with an assist-to-turnover ratio of nearly 3:1. It should be pointed out that he did hit a game-high six free throws, going 6-for-6. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I'm just trying to stay in my zone, stay in my lane with my shooting touch, my rhythm. Regardless of who we're playing. I would like to say so, but no." 
 
 -- Afflalo, on if there's any reason for shooting so well against Atlanta 
 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I was coming up short every time. It's just how it fell for me tonight. No excuse. They played well. They shot the lights out. It's tough to beat a team when they're shooting like that." 
 
 -- Teague 
 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Oladipo wasn't supposed to start Tuesday, but Orlando is glad he did. Held below double-figure scoring for only the third time on Sunday, Oladipo bounced back, scoring 18 points on 7-for-11 shooting, with five assists. He came up big in the fourth quarter, scoring 10 of Orlando's 24 points as the Magic pulled away. He also had a major throwdown over Atlanta bigs Horford and  Paul Millsap . Most impressive to Vaughn was his poise after picking up his fourth foul with 2:53 left in the second quarter. Oladipo played almost 13 minutes in the second half without picking up another foul. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Tobias Harris had been in Orlando's original starting lineup but suffered pain in his left foot and was deactivated. Harris had missed 12 games with a high-ankle sprain before playing 16 minutes on Sunday night. He had six points on 3-for-8 shooting (0-for-3 from 3) with one rebound. ...Oladipo started in place of Harris at two-guard and Afflalo moved to small forward. ... Atlanta guard  Shelvin Mack  left the game with a sprained left ankle in the second quarter. He had six points in eight minutes on 3-for-5 shooting with two rebounds and a steal at the time of the injury. ... Despite being dogged by several Magic players, Hawks forward  Kyle Korver  sank a 3-pointer in the second quarter to extend his consecutive games streak to 88, putting him one away from tying the NBA record and moving him past  Dan Majerle  into 26th all-time in NBA history with 1,361. It turned out to be his only FGM of the game in six tries. ... A season-high seven different Hawks made at least one 3-pointer, with Atlanta's bench providing six of the nine on the night. ...  DeMarre Carroll  led the Hawks in rebounding for the fifth time this season with seven. He also hit his first two shots, giving him 7-for-7 over his first six quarters this year against Orlando. He finally missed a shot at 8:29 of the third. ... Hawks forward  Mike Scott  was 1-for-2 from three, giving him a 3-point field goal in each of his last three games. He's shooting 62.5 percent (5-for-8) in that stretch. ...  Lou Williams  pulled down his 1,000th career rebound with 3:49 remaining in the game, off a  Kyle O'Quinn  jumper. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Hawks, Wednesday @ Houston, Friday vs. Dallas, Saturday @ Washington. For the Magic, Wednesday vs. Philadelphia, Friday vs. San Antonio, Monday @ Washington. 
