  Suns-Timberwolves notebook   By Phil Miller, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday April 6, 2011 11:54PM THE FACTS:  The Phoenix Suns played their starters barely half the game Wednesday, yet still easily handed the Minnesota Timberwolves their 12th straight loss, 108-98 in Target Center, giving the Wolves the NBA's worst record.  Marcin Gortat  was the only Suns player to work more than 30 minutes, and he responded with 20 points and 16 rebounds against a Minnesota team missing  Kevin Love , the league's top rebounder.  Steve Nash  racked up nine assists in just 22 minutes,  Grant Hill  scored 17 points in 19 minutes, and  Aaron Brooks  came off the bench with 19 points and six assists.  Michael Beasley  scored 24 points to lead the 17-62 Wolves, who dropped into the NBA cellar when Cleveland won its 17th game earlier Wednesday night. QUOTABLE:  "It'd be nice to win a few games and have some positive feelings to end the season. But it's somewhat irrelevant, and it'll be forgotten in three or four weeks."   -- Nash, on the lottery-bound Suns' final week. THE STAT:  55.7 -- Phoenix shooting percentage over the game's final 38 minutes, after Timberwolves center  Darko Milicic  left with an ankle injury. Without Milicic and Love, Minnesota offered little resistance to Phoenix inside, and the Suns scored 56 points in the paint, compared to the Wolves' 38. TURNING POINT:  Milicic missed two games after spraining his left ankle Friday against Miami, but after testing it before the game, he decided to play. After a slow start, Minnesota trailed by only three when Milicic aggravated the ankle again while grabbing a rebound 10 minutes into the game, and he was unable to return. Without Milicic and Love, who sat out for the sixth time in eight games with a strained left groin, the Wolves were abused inside by Gortat, who scored 20 points,  Hakim Warrick , who had five resounding dunks in his seven points, and  Josh Childress , who made five of six shots, all of them from in close. QUOTABLE II : "All young guys want to be the top scorers in the league. They don't understand what it takes to win. You've got to let them flesh it out, and just hope they get it out of their system fast, because then you can move on."   -- Wolves forward  Martell Webster , on the growing pains of Minnesota's young roster. HOT:  Having finally recovered fully from a sore back that has cost him nearly half the season,    Webster is beginning to look like the player the Wolves thought they were receiving when they traded the 16th pick in the draft for him last June. Webster went 5-5 from the field Wednesday, including a pair of 3-pointers, and scored 13 points, his fourth straight double-figure output. NOT:  Minnesota lost its 12th consecutive game, claimed the worst record in the league, and now appears likely to finish the season on a 15-game losing streak. Two of their remaining three games are against teams with winning records -- Minnesota is 4-41 in such games -- and the other is on the road, where the Wolves are 5-34 and have lost nine straight. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Suns coach  Alvin Gentry  made clear that  Aaron Brooks  will play at least half the time in the season's remaining games, in order to reduce the wear on point guard Nash. Brooks played 25:53 on Wednesday, and scored 19 points, his second-highest production since being traded to Phoenix in February, and added six assists. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Vikings receiver  Sidney Rice  sat in the front row across from the Wolves' bench. GOOD MOVE:  Hill and  Nash made only cameo appearances, sitting out the entire second and fourth quarters as Gentry gave extra playing time to his bench. The subs outscored Minnesota 26-21 in the fourth quarter. BAD MOVE:   Luke Ridnour  had Nash off-balance midway through the third period and tried to drive past him, then pulled up for a 10-foot jumper. Ridnour underestimated the 36-year-old Nash, who scrambled back and blocked the shot, his third block of the season. ROOKIE WATCH:   Nikola Pekovic  tried to fill in for Milicic, but his plodding style wasn't especially effective, particularly on the defensive end, against the quick Suns. Pekovic scored eight points in 19 minutes, but collected only two rebounds. NOTABLE:  Nash's nine assists kept him in the NBA lead at 11.4 per game, but with his minutes reduced the rest of the season, he may have trouble holding off Boston's  Rajon Rondo , who averages 11.3. ... Love is questionable for the Wolves' upcoming road trip with a strained groin, and he's not sure whether he will return this season. ... In a last-minute decision, Wolves coach  Kurt Rambis  gave forward  Anthony Tolliver  his first start of the season in Love's place, and the veteran responded with 10 points and nine rebounds. ... Milicic announced Wednesday he will auction off his championship ring from the 2004 Detroit Pistons and donate the proceeds to a foundation that raises money for children with life-threatening diseases. UP NEXT:  For the Suns, Friday @ New Orleans, Sunday @ Dallas, Monday vs. Minnesota. For the Timberwolves, Saturday @ Denver, Monday @ Phoenix, Wednesday vs. Houston.  