Notebook: Warriors 98, Kings 87 
 
 
 Geoff Lepper, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Nov 03, 2013 1:01 AM - Updated Sun Nov 03, 2013 5:37 PM 
 
 THE FACT: Stephen Curry  passed the 5,000-point mark for his career with a 3-pointer at the 3:11 mark of the second quarter. 
 
 THE LEAD:  Curry and  David Lee  notched their first double-doubles of the season and the Golden State Warriors made quick work of the Sacramento Kings on Saturday, 98-87. Curry had 22 points and 12 assists, four of the latter going to  Klay Thompson , who finished with a game-high 27 points. Lee collected 15 points and 12 rebounds as the Warriors neutralized the Kings -- especially star center  DeMarcus Cousins , who had just eight points and seven boards in 18 mostly ineffective minutes. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I thought we did an outstanding job of being aggressive (defensively) and taking their home-run hitters out of the equation."  --  Warriors coach  Mark Jackson. 
 
 
 THE STAT : The Warriors came in leading the league at 120 points per game, but were happy to sacrifice some of their scoring pace to throttle Sacramento's offense. The Kings shot just 34.5 percent, 31.7 in the first half. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Trailing by 20 points after a dreadful first half, the Kings showed renewed life coming out of intermission and went on an 8-0 run to start the third quarter. But after a quick timeout for Golden State, Thompson dropped 3-pointers on consecutive possessions to put the Warriors -- who would eventually reel off 15 straight points -- firmly back in control. 
 
 HOT : After missing their first four 3-point attempts, Golden State went on a 7-for-11 run from behind the arc, as Sacramento's defensive intensity simply evaporated into the night. That helped the Warriors open a 10-point lead after one quarter, and double that advantage after two. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "It wasn't us at all. It wasn't who we want to be. We're starting the games a little slow, and me and DeMarcus and the rest of the guys in the starting lineup, we have to crank the game up and take responsibility. We're trying to win, and you don't win like that. We're letting people push us around. They did whatever they wanted today. We've got to come with more fire. . . . We're better than that, man."  --  Kings guard  Greivis Vasquez. 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  After watching Cousins put up 54 points in Sacramento's first two games, the Warriors decided to force him to expend some energy on the defensive end, going early and often to center  Andrew Bogut  on post-ups. The strategy paid off handsomely in the first half, when Cousins was held to just two points and had to hit the bench after being whistled for a third personal foul defending Bogut in needlessly tight fashion 20 feet from the hoop. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Guard  Ben McLemore  provided a rare bright spot for the Kings with a team-high 19 points on 8-for-17 shooting. 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  Kings owner  Vivek Ranadive , a former minority owner of the Warriors, was still watching his old team beat down his new one deep into a painful fourth quarter. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Lee got off to a late start in his defense of last year's double-double crown. He led the league with 56 such games. . . . Reserve forwards  Travis Outlaw  (15 points, 12 rebounds) and  Jason Thompson  (12, 10) both notched double-doubles of their own as Sacramento's second unit got a ton of playing time, and succeeded at making the final score look a little more respectible. . . . Warriors backup center  Jermaine O'Neal  was a late scratch due to a right foot contusion. . . . Golden State's biggest lead was 27 points. Sacramento's was one. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Kings, Tuesday vs. Atlanta, Friday @ Portland, Saturday vs. Portland. For the Warriors, Monday @ Philadelphia, Wednesday @ Minnesota, Friday @ San Antonio. 
