  Heat-Grizzlies notebook   By Marlon W. Morgan, for NBA.com Posted Saturday November 20, 2010 11:42PM THE FACTS:  After losing the ball with nine seconds left, which allowed  LeBron James  to tie the game at 95-95, Memphis Grizzlies forward  Rudy Gay  knew he had to atone for his mistake. So with the game clock winding down and James in his face, Gay hit a step-back jumper at the buzzer to give the Grizzlies a 97-95 win over Miami in front of a sellout crowd of 18,119. The win snapped the Grizzlies' five-game losing streak. QUOTABLE:  "I don't care if  James Naismith  was guarding me. That would be scary because he's dead. But I really didn't care who was guarding me. ... I never understood people coming to Memphis and wearing other people's jerseys and rooting for other teams. The guy was heckling me and I'm at home. So I just looked at him.   -- Gay on hitting game-winning shot over James THE STAT:  Grizzlies forward  Zach Randolph  was benched to start the game, along with guard  O.J. Mayo , for showing up late to the team's afternoon shootaround. After going 1-for-3 for two points and one rebound in the first half, Randolph hit 7-for-11 in the second half to finish with 21. He also hauled in 12 of his 13 rebounds after the break, six of those coming on the offensive end for easy putbacks. TURNING POINT:  After James gave Miami a 90-87 lead on a three-point play with 3:05 remaining, the Grizzlies scored eight straight points to take a 95-90 lead after a  Mike Conley  layup with 38 seconds left. HOT:  Led by  Eddie House , the Miami Heat were on fire from long range, hitting 10-for-22 3-pointers. House came off the bench to make 6-for-9 3s, en route to a 20-point night.  Chris Bosh  even banked in a trey that pulled the Heat to within 95-93 with 31 seconds left. NOT:  Meanwhile, the Grizzlies managed to make just 1-for-11 3-pointers, the lone one coming from Conley. Gay and Mayo each misfired on three attempts. INSIDE THE ARENA:  In attendance to watch the Grizzlies win was former University of Memphis and Los Angeles Rams star receiver  Isaac Bruce , who shot the Celebrity Cannon in the fourth quarter which shoots t-shirts into the stands. NOTABLE:  Grizzlies rookie  Xavier Henry  made his first start in place of Mayo. Initially, he thought he was going to be going up against  Dwyane Wade . But when he found out Wade was sitting out with a sore wrist, Henry was left with the challenge of guarding both  Jerry Stackhouse  and James, whom he said he faced during a summer camp while he was in high school. ... Miami forward  Udonis Haslem  sprained his left foot and will be evaluated Sunday. UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Monday vs. Indiana, Wednesday at Orlando, Friday vs. Philadelphia; For the Grizzlies, Wednesday vs. Detroit, Friday vs. Golden State, Saturday at Cleveland.  