  Notebook: Jazz 100, Suns 88 Posted Wednesday April 25, 2012 4:37AM By Andrew Aragon, for NBA.com    THE FACTS:  Year one of the Utah Jazz's rebuilding project will close with a playoff berth. The Jazz clinched the Western Conference's final playoff spot by beating the Phoenix Suns 100-88 on Tuesday night. Reaching the postseason wasn't supposed to happen this fast after Utah traded cornerstone  Deron Williams  to New Jersey and former coach  Jerry Sloan  resigned during a tumultuous season last year, but the franchise quickly regrouped. Paul Millsap  had 26 points, 15 rebounds, four assists and three steals, while  Al Jefferson  had 18 points and 16 rebounds and  Derrick Favors  contributed 13 points and 11 rebounds for the Jazz. Steve Nash  had 14 points and 11 assists in what may have been one of his final games in a Phoenix uniform. QUOTABLE:  "We battled through everything. Nobody expected us to be where we're at, but we're there now. We worked hard for it. Hopefully, we're going to make some noise."   -- Jazz forward Millsap on Utah reaching the playoffs THE STAT:  The Jazz's offensive rebounding was a killer for the Suns. Utah grabbed 14 offensive boards to keep possessions alive, score second-chance points and demoralize Phoenix when it seemingly had made stops. Favors had five of the offensive rebounds and Millsap had four. TURNING POINT:  All it took for the Jazz to finally pull away from the scrappy Suns was seeing Phoenix take a brief fourth quarter lead. After Phoenix went ahead 76-74, the Jazz held the Suns to just one basket in the next eight minutes. Utah retook momentum with a 3-pointer by  Devin Harris , a dunk by Favors and a three-point play by Millsap. Jefferson scored on four straight possessions to put Utah ahead 93-80 with 2:17 remaining. HOT:  The Jazz's best play came on defense. Whether it was Favors tallying one of his career-high-tying five blocks or  Gordon Hayward  coming up with a timely steal, Utah rarely let Phoenix build momentum. Millsap made five of his first six shots and scored 11 points in the first quarter. Hayward tied a career-high with eight assists. NOT:  Phoenix center  Marcin Gortat  simply vanished in a game that could have put the Suns in the playoffs. He shot 1-for-6 in the first half, and all of his five misses were blocked by Favors. Gortat averaged 15.7 points prior to Tuesday, and only scored two points against Utah. The Jazz started the second quarter missing 12 of their first 13 shots, but were able to maintain a lead by playing great defense, drawing fouls and getting to the free-throw line. Phoenix shot 34.8 percent in the fourth quarter. GOOD MOVE:  Jazz coach  Tyrone Corbin  picked his spots in using his big lineup of Millsap at small forward, Favors at power forward and Jefferson at center. He put them on the court together with 9:59 remaining in the fourth quarter and it changed the complexion of the game on both ends. The Jazz, who trailed 76-75 at the time, then went on to allow two points in nearly six minutes. Millsap, Favors and Jefferson combined for 19 points and 18 rebounds in the fourth quarter. QUOTABLE II:  "One of the things that these players in this locker room always thought about, and we gave it to them early, was that you have to believe in yourself. As long as we stayed together, we played hard and we played smart, anything can happen. We continued to learn from our mistakes early. We came into work every day. We had to work to get better."   --Jazz coach Corbin on his team sticking together during the compressed season INSIDE THE ARENA:  Portland Trail Blazers center  Kurt Thomas  was spotted in the crowd watching the game. Portland closes its season at Utah on Thursday night. ROOKIE WATCH:  The Suns needed a lift from  Markieff Morris , but didn't get one. He had just six points and four rebounds in 24 minutes. He started in place of the injured  Channing Frye . Jazz guard  Alec Burks  sparked the Jazz with eight points, but he also committed four fouls in less than two minutes to open the fourth quarter. QUOTABLE III:  "We didn't play great or deserve it tonight. We didn't shoot the ball well. We turned it over a little bit too much and their bigs gave us a real hard time. We didn't deserve it tonight."   -- Nash NOTABLE:  The Jazz snapped a seven-game losing streak against the Suns. Frye missed the game because of a subluxed right shoulder he suffered against Denver on Saturday.  Grant Hill  played less than three minutes because of a nagging knee injury. UP NEXT:  For the Suns, Wednesday vs. San Antonio. For the Jazz, Thursday vs. Portland.  