  Raptors-Bulls notebook   By Paul Ladewski, for NBA.com Posted Sunday April 3, 2011 12:10AM THE FACTS:  Give head coach  Jay Triano  and the last-place Raptors some credit here. They didn't roll over and play dead against a Bulls team that had the No. 1 playoff seed on the line. Guard  Derrick Rose  went off for game-highs of 36 points, 10 assists and three blocked shots, but even with guard  Jose Calderon  (strained left hamstring) and forward  Andrea Bargnani  (sore right ankle) out of action, the visitors were in the chase from start to finish. It wasn't until Bulls reserve forward  Kyle Korver  bagged a pair of jump shots late in the game that the outcome was decided for all intents and purposes. QUOTE I:  "These guys feel like they have a lot to prove, and they do. They're in the early parts of their careers, and every game they try to earn respect from opponents, officials, teammates. They've got a lot of drive."    -- Jay Triano QUOTE II:  "(The Raptors) were shorthanded and played extremely well. They played hard and they played smart. They played unselfishly and put a lot of pressure on us. At the end, we did the things that we needed to do."    -- Bulls head coach  Tom Thibodeau MOVIN' ON UP:  The Bulls closed to within one game of the idle San Antonio Spurs in the race for the best record in the league. Each team has six games left to play, three of them at home. MOB ACTION:  The Bulls' second unit is known as the Bench Mob and it made a difference. Led by guard  Ronnie Brewer  and  Taj Gibson , the five-man band combined for 35 points, 22 rebounds and seven assists. For the undermanned Raptors, guard  Leandro Barbosa  accounted for all 18 of their points off the bench. QUICK RETURNS:  Indicative of the bench play was a sequence late in the first period, when the Bulls scored two field goals in 3.5 seconds. After Rose hit a layup, Brewer stripped forward  Amir Johnson  and threw down a dunk for a 25-19 advantage. The University of Arkansas product leads the team in steals this season. QUOTE III:  "That's what we do. All of us have a job, and ours to come off the bench and play solid and provide a boost. Booz (forward  Carlos Boozer ) got two fouls early, so I stepped in and did my job."    -- Taj Gibson KEY MATCHUP:  Because of emergency starter  Jerryd Bayless , who scored 26 points and handed out eight assists, the matchup at point guard wasn't a totally lopsided one. The guard scored 17 points in the third quarter, when the visitors shot 54 percent in the field keep it close. QUOTE IV:  "At practice, (Thibodeau) is going to curse us out. We're used to it, man. We're used to him yelling. We know that we can always get better, but we just have to go out there and put more effort into it."    -- Derrick Rose FANTASY DELIGHT:  Raptors forward  Ed Davis  scored 17 points, converted all except one of his eight field goals, grabbed 11 rebounds and blocked three shots in 40 minutes. It didn't hurt that the Bulls were without center  Joakim Noah  (sprained right ankle) for a third consecutive game. UP NEXT:  The Raptors will meet the Orlando Magic @ Toronto on Sunday afternoon, the Knicks @ New York on Tuesday night and the Cleveland Cavaliers @ Toronto on Wednesday evening. The Bulls will host the Phoenix Suns on Tuesday night and the Boston Celtics on Thursday evening.  