Notebook: Jazz 103, Nuggets 93 
 
 
 Michael Kelly, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Dec 14, 2013 1:47 AM - Updated Sat Dec 14, 2013 1:47 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Denver Nuggets lost their third home game of the season, this one to the Jazz, just nine games into the campaign. They lost three home games all of last year. 
 
 THE LEAD: Gordon Hayward  had a huge night, scoring a season-high 30 points and pulling down a career-high 13 rebounds and the Utah Jazz recovered after blowing a 16-point lead to beat the Denver Nuggets 103-93 on Friday night. 
 
 Derrick Favors  had 19 points and  Richard Jefferson  added 14 for the Jazz (6-19), who have gone 5-5 after starting the year 1-14. 
 
 Wilson Chandler  and  Jordan Hamilton  scored 17 points apiece for the Nuggets (13-9), who had their six-game home winning streak snapped. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "You got that right. They're hard to get."  
 
 -- Utah coach  Tyrone Corbin , when asked if it was a good road win 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Jazz starting backcourt of Hayward and  Trey Burke  outscored Denver's tandem of  Ty Lawson  and  Randy Foye  40-0. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Trailing 79-75 early in the fourth, Corbin put Jefferson and Hayward back in the game and they both made an immediate impact. Jefferson's three-point play with 6:49 left put the Jazz ahead for good and Hayward scored 12 points in the fourth to help seal the win. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We gave up five conventional three-point plays in the fourth quarter. They drove, we fouled them and they made the bucket. You can't do that, especially in the fourth quarter. Too many things to overcome."  
 
 -- Nuggets coach  Brian Shaw 
 
 
 HOT:  Hayward was on all night. He eased into the game and kept getting stronger as it went on. He was 6-for-8 in the fourth quarter when his Jazz regrouped to take over the game. He now has two 30-point games in his career, and both have come against Denver. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "I finally knocked down some shots and finished around the rim. It was a good feeling. Just taking what the defense was giving me."  
 
 -- Gordon Hayward 
 
 
 NOT:  The Nuggets foul shooting was again an issue. Denver was 14-for-24 from the line while the Jazz hit 19 of  their 20 shots. 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  Before the game the Nuggets P.A. announcer asked for a moment of acknowledgement for the victims and people of Arapahoe High School. A shooting at the school Friday afternoon left one person dead and two injured, one critical. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Corbin moved  Marvin Williams  to the power forward spot the last game and it paid dividends Friday. Williams drew Nuggets forward  Kenneth Faried  to the outside and beyond his comfort zone. Williams finished with 11 points and was 3-for-6 from 3-point range. Meanwhile, Faried, Denver's most energetic player, logged just 18 minutes and was largely marginalized. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  The Nuggets starters put them in a bind once again. After allowing Boston to score 39 in the first quarter last week they gave up 33 to the Jazz to start the game. The slow beginnings might lead to changes. 
 
 QUOTABLE IV:  "I don't know if I have to shake it up or what I have to do with that starting lineup. The chemistry for whatever reason is not there." 
 
 -- Coach   Brian Shaw 
 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Burke was only 3-for-12 from the field but he was steady at the point. He had 10 assists and just one turnover, and he helped hold Lawson and Foye without a point.  
 
 QUOTABLE V: " We did a good job of not letting [Ty] get all the way to the rim. He's so quick, so good at getting to the rim I tried to force him into the bigs. With Foye, he's a great shooter so we tried to close out really hard on him and make him put the ball on the ground."  
 
 -- Trey Burke 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  Friday marked the 30-year anniversary of the highest-scoring game in NBA history. The Detroit Pistons beat the Nuggets 186-184 in three overtimes at McNichols Arena. ... Burke's double-double was the second of his career. ... Utah's starters outscored Denver's 84-36. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Jazz, Saturday vs. San Antonio, Monday @ Miami, Wednesday @ Orlando. For the Nuggets, Sunday vs. New Orleans, Tuesday vs. Oklahoma City, Friday vs. Phoenix. 
