  Notebook: Heat 91, Magic 81 Posted Sunday March 18, 2012 10:53PM By Shandel Richardson, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The Miami Heat defeated the Orlando Magic 91-81 Sunday at AmericanAirlines Arena. Guard  Dwyane Wade  led all scorers with 31 points on 13-of-25 shooting. The Heat were able to survive despite a subpar scoring effort from forward  LeBron James , who finished with 14 points, 12 rebounds and seven assists. With James handling the intangibles, forward  Chris Bosh  picked up the scoring load. Bosh finished with 23 points on 9-of-13 shooting. The Heat led by as many as 13 in the first half before Orlando closed the gap before halftime. It wasn't until a 7-0 run late in the fourth quarter before the Heat were able to relax. The Magic, who defeated the Heat last Tuesday in Orlando, were led by  Dwight Howard's  18 points and 11 rebounds. Three other Magic players scored in double-figures, including guard  Quentin Richardson's  15 points off the bench. QUOTABLE:  "I was very aggressive. I'm trying to do what I'm able to do to help us win. I felt that at certain times in the game I wasn't aggressive, so I wanted to get aggressive."  --  Wade . THE STAT:  The Magic shot 39 percent from the field, including 9-of-25 from the 3-point arc. Give the Heat defense the credit because they contested most of Orlando's shots. TURNING POINT : Holding a 77-73 lead, the Heat scored seven straight points during a three-minute stretch late in the fourth quarter. It created just enough separation after the Magic were able to keep things close for the most part. QUOTABLE II:  "Chris Bosh, a great player, with  Ryan Anderson  guarding him looked like a totally different player in the second half than he did in the first half. Why we came in such a game and didn't bring any effort early is hard to understand."  --  Magic head coach  Stan Van Gundy . HOT:  Wade shot 13-of-25, but did most of his work in the fourth quarter. He was key in helping the Heat go on a decisive run down the stretch. He also had six rebounds and four assists. NOT:  The Magic shot just 12 of 21 from the foul line, with Howard making 4-of-10. The nine misses were vital in a 10-point loss. GOOD MOVE:  The Heat established Bosh early. He had been struggling the past few games, with James and Wade handling the bulk of the scoring. Bosh played with more aggression, giving the Heat a three-headed attack. BAD MOVE:  Orlando seemed to go away from Howard in the fourth quarter, becoming a 3-point shooting team. The Magic made nine, but they could probably would have been more effective utilizing Howard against the Heat's suspect post defense. NOTABLE:  Heat forward  Mike Miller  missed his fourth straight game with a sprained left ankle. Center  Eddy Curry  rejoined the team after missing Friday's game against the Sixers to attend the funeral of his grandmother. Miami has won 13 straight games at home. The teams split the season series, with each winning two. UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Tuesday @ Suns, Friday @ Pistons, Sunday @ Thunder. For the Magic, Monday vs. Bulls, Wednesday vs. Suns, Friday vs. Cavs.  