  Bobcats-Heat notebook   By Shandel D. Richardson, for NBA.com Posted Friday November 19, 2010 10:41PM THE FACTS:  With guard  Dwyane Wade  battling the flu, forwards  LeBron James  and  Chris Bosh  combined for 54 points in the Miami Heat's 95-87 victory against the Charlotte Bobcats Friday at AmericanAirlines Arena. The Heat led by 19 at halftime, but held off a late rally by the Bobcats. Guard  Stephen Jackson  led Charlotte with 30 points. The Heat finished their six-game homestand with a 4-2 record, falling to Boston and Utah. QUOTABLE:  "People will look at this boxscore and say, 'Oh, LeBron James willed them to win.'"He was very good tonight. At times, he puts us on his back."   - Heat coach  Erik Spoelstra THE STAT:  Bosh pulled down a season-high 14 rebounds. When he's aggressive on the boards, the Heat are a much different team. He provided the Heat with some much-needed inside muscle, something critics have said they lacked this season. TURNING POINT:  The Bobcats took an 82-80 lead on Stephen Jackson 3-pointer with 4:55 left, but James took charge. With Wade a non-factor because of his health, James did most of his work in the final five minutes. You could say it was the first time James was the main option in the closing moments of a tight game, the role usually belonging to Wade. HOT : Bosh turned in his second consecutive strong game. After scoring a season-high 35 points against Phoenix Wednesday, he was the perfect complement to James. His assertiveness continues to show a growing level of comfort after struggling with the adjustment most of the season. It will be hard for the critics to continue bashing Bosh. NOT:  Wade missed the morning shootaround. He was treated for dehydration at pre-game and his condition showed on the court. He wasn't his usual energetic self, finishing 4 of 13 from the field. He scored just 11 points, but did have four assists. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  James continues to fill up the stat sheets, although this wasn't one of his bigger games. In addition to his scoring, he also had five assists, two steals and two rebounds. INSIDE THE ARENA:   Serena Williams  and WWE wrestler  The Big Show. GOOD MOVE : Heat coach Erik Spoelstra put the ball in James' hand when it counted. With the Heat facing possibly another second-half meltdown, James carried the Heat down the stretch. He was given full control of the offense, scoring and creating opportunities for others. His late-game presence helped them avoid another late-game collapse. They blew a 22-point lead against Utah. BAD MOVE:  The Bobcats just seemed to run out of gas in the late stages. Much of their energy was used to erase the 19-point, halftime deficit, and they just didn't have anything left. Stephen Jackson, who shot 12 of 24, didn't receive much help. Gerald Wallace scored only six points on 2 of 9 shooting. NOTABLE:  Bosh, who went 8-for-8 from the foul line, has now made 19 straight free throws. UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Saturday @ Memphis, Monday vs. Indiana, Wednesday @ Orlando. For the Bobcats, Saturday vs. Phoenix, Tuesday @ New York, Wednesday vs. New York.  