  Notebook: Hawks 97, Bucks 92   By Rick Braun, for NBA.com Posted Monday January 23, 2012 11:42PM THE FACTS: Joe Johnson  scored 24 of his 28 points in the second half, and  Josh Smith  snapped an 88-88 tie with a 3-pointer with 41.9 seconds left, leading the Atlanta Hawks to a 97-92 victory over the Milwaukee Bucks at the Bradley Center. QUOTABLE:  "I think it all started when we started running this particular play called 'Princeton,' and I started getting in the lane. I was able to make plays for myself and my teammates and we started to get into a rhythm."  --  Johnson, who scored nine straight Atlanta points to turn an 83-79 deficit into an 88-85 lead. THE STAT:  The Hawks held the Bucks to 34.6 percent shooting (9 for 26) in the fourth quarter and outscored Milwaukee, 18-9, over the final 3:30. TURNING POINT:  Johnson had scored nine straight Hawks points to give his team an 88-85 lead when center  Drew Gooden  tied the game with just his seventh 3-pointer over the last seven seasons. Johnson again put the Atlanta offense. When he drew double-team coverage, he got the ball to  Jeff Teague , who found Smith wide-open in the left corner for a 3-pointer that put the Hawks on top for good. QUOTABLE II:  "Joe is as good as they are offensively when he gets into a rhythm. He's a guy in those situations who we know we can really play off of him because he will not only make the shots, but he'll make the right play when he's double-teamed."  --  Hawks coach  Larry Drew  on Johnson. HOT:  Johnson's 10-for-22 night wasn't impressive, but his 8-for-13 second half also included an 8-for-8 performance from the free throw line. NOT:  Swingman  Mike Dunleavy  finished with 17 points for the Bucks, but he seemed snake-bit from behind the arc as several big shots rimmed out and he finished 0 for 5 on threes. INSIDE THE ARENA:  The Bucks had a moment of silence before the game for former broadcaster  Jim Irwin , who died Monday. Irwin was the radio voice of the Bucks from 1978-'94 and was the radio voice of the Green Bay Packers from 1975-'99. GOOD MOVE:  Bucks coach  Scott Skiles  stuck with a lineup starter Brandon  Jennings,  reserves  Drew Gooden, Mike Dunleavy, Stephen Jackson  and  Ersan Ilyasova  throughout the fourth quarter, and that lineup got the Bucks to an 83-79 lead with 3:30 left. BAD MOVE:  Skiles felt that starters  Andrew Bogut, Luc Richard Mbah a Moute, Shaun Livingston  and  Carlos Delfino  had sat too long to come back strong for the closing 3 1/2 minutes and his lineup of Jennings and four reserves wilted over the final 3:30. NOTABLE:  Hawks guard  Kirk Hinrich , who has missed all of the season thus far after off-season shoulder surgery, could see his first action of the season when the Hawks travel to San Antonio Wednesday. ... Bucks rookie  Jon Leuer , who started the previous six games, was replaced in the starting lineup by Mbah a Moute and did not play. ... The game featured 19 lead changes. ... After winning their first four home games and losing their first eight road games, the Bucks have now won two straight on the road and lost two straight at home. ... The game was the first of a five-game road trip for the Hawks, who have won six of their last seven and 9 of their last 11. UP NEXT:  For the Hawks, Wednesday @ San Antonio, Friday @ Detroit, Sunday @ New Orleans. For the Bucks, Wednesday @ Houston, Friday @ Chicago, Saturday vs. Los Angeles Lakers.  