Notebook: Mavericks 103, Jazz 93 
 
 
 Micah Powell for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Nov 23, 2013 12:22 AM - Updated Sat Nov 23, 2013 12:22 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  With the victory, the Mavericks have won 20 of its last 23 matchups with Utah in Dallas. 
 
 THE LEAD: Monta Ellis  poured in 26 points and  Dirk Nowitzki  added 18 to power the Mavericks to a 103-93 win over Utah Friday night at the American Airlines Center. Dallas (9-4) came out of the gates hot, building a 28-point lead in the second quarter and holding Utah (1-13) to just 34 first-half points. The Jazz answered back in the second half, trimming the Mavs' lead all the way down to five before Dallas pulled away late. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "Our first half was very good. The second half we gave in to playing the score instead of continuing to work to do things the right way. They made runs. We have to give them a lot of credit. They stuck with it, played hard and made big plays. We had to make some plays at the end to win and we'll take it." 
 --Mavericks coach  Rick Carlisle 
 
 
 THE STAT: Samuel Dalembert  recorded his first double-double as a Maverick, posting 18 points and 12 rebounds while connecting on all eight of his shots from the field. It marked the first time Dalembert has reached those totals without missing a shot. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Sitting out much of the fourth quarter, Nowitzki entered the game after Utah cut the Dallas lead to just five points at the 4:41 mark. Dallas proceeded to rattle off a 7-0 run to push the lead back to double-digits and out of reach. 
 
 HOT:  The Utah bench keyed the Jazz's comeback in the second half and finished with 56 of Utah's 93 points.  Marvin Williams  led the way with 19 points and  Jeremy Evans  added 14.  
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Ellis continued to be the offensive catalyst for the Mavericks, leading the team in scoring for a fourth consecutive game. ... Williams filled up the stat sheet for Utah, grabbing five boards, hitting four 3s, dishing three assists and registering two steals.  
 
 ROOKIE WATCH: Trey Burke  played in his second career game and recorded five points, five rebounds and three assists in 19 minutes. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Dallas improved to 7-0 at home, its best start since the club won its first 10 games in 2003-04. ... Dallas improved to 8-0 when Ellis records at least five assists.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Mavericks, Saturday @ Nuggets, Monday vs. Nuggets, Wednesday vs. Warriors. For the Jazz, Sunday @ Thunder, Monday vs. Bulls, Friday vs. Suns. 
