  Notebook: Jazz 108, Clippers 79   By Andrew Aragon, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday January 18, 2012 12:40AM THE FACTS:  The Utah Jazz weren't supposed to be the fast-breaking, show-stopping team in their matchup with the Los Angeles Clippers. But it was the Jazz, and especially second-year player  Jeremy Evans , who supplied the highlight-reel dunks and fast-break points in a high-flying and one-sided 108-79 victory over the Clippers on Tuesday night.  Paul Millsap  led Utah with 20 points and six rebounds and  Al Jefferson  had 10 points and 13 boards. Evans had four dunks. Los Angeles, playing without  Chris Paul  and  Mo Williams , got 14 points from  Caron Butler  in the second game of a back-to-back-to-back stretch.  Blake Griffin  had 10 points and 11 rebounds. QUOTABLE:  "I enjoyed watching the guys have fun doing what they do. They really work together and they deserve to have success."   -- Jazz coach  Tyrone Corbin  on his team's Showtime-like performance against the Clippers on Tuesday night. THE STAT:  Two stats stand out in Utah's dominating performance. The Jazz outscored the Clippers in the paint, 56-34. They also had an enormous advantage in fast-break points at 27-8. TURNING POINT:  It seems ludicrous to say that an NBA game was decided in the first few minutes, but this one felt that way. The Clippers, on their way to their lowest scoring output of the season, missed seven of their first eight shots. The misfires allowed the Jazz to race out to a 13-2 lead with Millsap supplying six of the points. Los Angeles never fully recovered, as it was only able to get within five points in the first quarter and eight in the third quarter. HOT:  Perhaps inspired by their opponent, Utah backups  Earl Watson  and Evans teamed up to form "Salt Lob City." They combined for two breathtaking alley-oops in the Utah win. The Jazz had a total of eight dunks. NOT:  After Butler hit a fadeaway jumper with 1:43 left in the second quarter, the Clippers went almost a full four minutes of game time without scoring. They closed the first half my missing three straight shots and committing a turnover. They didn't score in the third quarter until  Randy Foye  made a layup with 9:48 left in the period. The Jazz weren't much better during a dreadful stretch of basketball, as a 3-pointer by  Raja Bell  was the only basket made in nearly four minutes. QUOTABLE II:  "I think you've got some pride in here. We knew there was a better quality of ball for us to be had, but we just couldn't get it to translate to games. We just kept (plugging) away until we could take it from the practice court to the game."   --Jazz guard Bell on Utah going 9-2 in its last 11 games after starting 0-2. GOOD MOVE:  It helped that Paul didn't play, but the Jazz's gameplan on defense was almost flawless. They clogged the middle, pushed the action to the outside and kept the Clippers' tremendous athletes from getting momentum-changing lobs and dunks. Utah was aggressive, as its on-ball defenders did a great job of fronting and its bigs were helpful in playing up on pick-and-roll plays. FANTASY WATCH:  Utah's  C.J. Miles  is starting to show some life and could be a viable pickup in deeper formats. His 19 points were a season high. He also tied a career high with four steals and had five rebounds. Two of his last three games have been solid as he had 17 points against the Nets on Saturday. His playing time is inconsistent, making him a risky play, but he could be a decent fill-in. ROOKIE WATCH:   Courtney Fortson , called up from the NBA D-League's Los Angeles D-Fenders on Sunday, made his second appearance for the Clippers. He did fairly well considering his inexperience, finishing with 13 points, four rebounds and two assists in 22 minutes. Utah's  Enes Kanter  and  Alec Burks  got extended playing time in the blowout victory. Kanter had a career-high 10 points and five rebounds. Burks had 11 points and six rebounds. NOTABLE:  The Clippers haven't won in Utah since 2003, a streak of 16 games. They are 2-43 in their last 45 games in Utah. Butler played in his 600th game. The Jazz's bench, despite being without key reserves  Josh Howard  and  Derrick Favors , outscored the Clippers' reserves 54-32. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Wednesday vs. Mavericks, Friday vs. Timberwolves, Sunday vs. Raptors. For the Jazz, Thursday vs. Mavericks, Saturday vs. Timberwolves, Wednesday vs. Raptors.  