
 Grizzlies-Nets notebook   By Jake Appleman, for NBA.com Posted Thursday January 27, 2011 12:13AM THE FACTS:  The New Jersey Nets capped a 4-1 homestand with a 93-88 win over the Memphis Grizzlies. No Net scored 20-plus points, but five players finished in double figures.  Rudy Gay  (22 points, six rebounds) paced Memphis in defeat. The loss broke a three-game winning streak for the Grizzlies. QUOTABLE:  "They played to their strengths and they deserved the win. They never quit playing, you have to give credit to coach  Avery Johnson  for changing the culture here. They play hard even when they are behind by 11 points. We could never get the lead up large enough that some of those guys might've quit playing."    -- Grizzlies coach  Lionel Hollins , who also received praise from Johnson in his postgame presser THE STAT:  The Nets bench outscored the Grizzlies bench 56-12. TURNING POINT:   Brook Lopez  converted near the rim to put the Nets up five at 81-76 with 4:21 left, and Gay missed an open wing 3 at 88-85, which effectively preserved the win. INSIDE THE ARENA:  With 7:01 remaining in the second quarter, all of the fans in the upper level of the arena were invited to sit in the red seats in the lower level... ROOKIE WATCH:   Derrick Favors  (nine rebounds) was yelled at by  Devin Harris  for not running an out-of-bounds play correctly, which led to a delay of game warning, and then a shot clock violation. Favors spent considerable time before and after the game discussing things with assistant coach  Popeye Jones , who appears to be having a good impact on the youngest rookie the league has seen in three years. After the game Johnson praised Harris' leadership... Grevis Vasquez  was mostly ineffective and  Xavier Henry  didn't play for the Grizzlies. NOTABLE:  Harris went flying into some empty courtside seats on the game's first play, and then fed Favors for the first two points of the game...The Grizzlies converted an astounding number of dunks in the first quarter...The Grizzlies doubled up the Nets in the first quarter 32-16... Sam Young  converted a ridiculous alley-oop slam late in the third quarter to give the Grizzlies a 62-51 advantage... Marc Gasol  kicked the ball like FC Barcelona's  Sergio Busquets  after missing a free throw late in the fourth quarter. Somewhat related, an esoteric soccer conversation about holding midfielders took place near the World Trade Center as vicious snow whipped the faces of stunned pedestrians. UP NEXT:  For Memphis, Friday @ Philadelphia, Saturday vs. Washington, Monday vs. Orlando. For New Jersey, Friday @ Indiana, Saturday @ Milwaukee, Monday vs. Denver. 
