  Jazz-Cavs notebook    By Sam Amico, for NBA.com  Posted Monday December 20, 2010 10:48PM THE FACTS: C.J. Miles  came off the bench to score 22 points and lead a balanced scoring attack, and visiting Utah cruised to a 101-90 win over Cleveland. The victory marked the first time the Jazz (20-9) won back-to-back games this month. Meanwhile, the Cavaliers (8-20) lost for the 11th time in 12 games. QUOTABLE:  "Well, they're a different team. I wonder why. In all fairness to them, they had a great player here and he left. But they'll fight through it again, I'm sure."    -- Jazz coach  Jerry Sloan THE STAT:  1,210. That's now the number of victories compiled by Sloan, tying him for third in all-time coaching wins with  Pat Riley . When asked for his thoughts on the accomplishment, Sloan said, "I don't have any. That's not how I played and that's now how I've ever coached. Obviously, I like to win. But I couldn't win without the coaches I've had with me. When you talk about coach of the year and that sort of thing, I've always felt it should be a staff rather than a coach." TURNING POINT:  The entire third quarter, when the Jazz methodically broke down the Cavs behind the heady play of point guard  Deron Williams  (17 points, 10 assists) -- turning a five-point halftime lead to 12 by the start of the fourth. QUOTABLE II:  "Every little mistake we made we paid for. I thought we played hard, but it was just too many mistakes. ... They did a pretty good job of carving us up on the defensive end."    -- Cavs coach  Byron Scott HOT:  Jazz guard  Raja Bell  seemed to bury a 3-pointer every time the Cavs made a little run, finishing a sizzling 5-for-6 on threes (and 6-for-9 shooting overall) for 19 points. NOT:  Forward  J.J. Hickson  (10 points) and guard  Ramon Sessions  (two) were the only reserves to score for the Cavs. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Jazz big man  Al Jefferson  collected a quiet 16 points and 13 boards in 38 minutes. And if Miles is still available in your league, sign him now. GOOD MOVE:  Sloan kept Williams in the game for all but four seconds of the third quarter, and his point guard responded with nine points on 3-for-4 shooting. ROOKIE WATCH:  First-round pick and former Butler University star  Gordon Hayward  took one shot and missed it for the Jazz. Hayward is averaging 2.1 points in 9.2 minutes per game. NOTABLE : Jazz center  Mehmet Okur  sat out after spraining his ankle in warm-ups. Okur missed the first 26 games while recovering from a ruptured Achilles' tendon suffered in last season's playoffs. ... The Jazz are 14-1 when scoring 100 points or more. They also improved to 16-3 when allowing less than 100. ... On top of all that, the Jazz are now 11-1 against Eastern Conference opponents. UP NEXT : For the Jazz, Wednesday @ Minnesota, Monday vs. Portland, Wednesday (Dec. 29) @ L.A. Clippers. For the Cavaliers, Wednesday @ Atlanta, Sunday vs. Minnesota, Tuesday vs. Orlando.  