
 Kings-Raptors notebook   By Holly MacKenzie, for NBA.com Posted Sunday January 9, 2011 5:07PM THE FACTS:  The Toronto Raptors held on to defeat the Sacramento Kings 118-112 Sunday afternoon at the Air Canada Centre. The Kings were without  Tyreke Evans  as both teams brought little to the table defensively, with Toronto shooting 59 percent for the game.  Andrea Bargnani  had 30 points and  DeMar DeRozan  added 28, leading the Raptors to their 13th victory of the season. QUOTABLE:  "Offense was good. We didn't play good defense all game long. We got better the last five minutes and that's what got us the win...Like the coach always say, we're not going to have a problem scoring the ball. Our biggest issues are always our defense. We've got to get better. We cannot afford to play four quarters like this. Especially at home in front of our crowd."    -- Andrea Bargnani on the team's lackluster defensive effort THE STAT:  In the fourth quarter, Sacramento's shooting percentage plummeted to 36 percent while the Raptors held steady at 60 percent. With the score tight, the Raptors started hitting from deep, connecting on four of their five attempts from beyond the arc while Sacramento was just 1-for-6 from downtown in the fourth. TURNING POINT:  After a  DeMarcus Cousins  layup cut Toronto's lead to one with just over a minute remaining, Bargnani hit his second 3-pointer of the game to put the Raptors up four. After a missed three from  Francisco Garcia  with 43 seconds remaining, the Raptors added to their lead and were able to escape with the victory. QUOTABLE II:  "My teammates getting the ball in my hands, that allowed me to create...We're very limited [with all of the injuries]. We need everything from the people that we've got. I'm just trying to step it up and help my team get the win."    -- DeMar DeRozan on his aggressiveness in the win HOT:  DeRozan finished with 28 points on 13-for-20 shooting. Over the past six games, DeRozan is averaging 24 points, almost 10 above his 14.4 points per game average on the season. In the game against the Kings he added four assists, three rebounds, a steal and a blocked shot. NOT:  Starting in place of the injured Evans,  Jermaine Taylor  wasn't expected to replace the reigning Rookie of the Year. His team probably hoped to get more from him than they did, though. Taylor finished with four points on 2-for-8 shooting in 21 minutes of play. He also didn't see the floor in the fourth quarter. ROOKIE WATCH:  Cousins looked like he was having a sub-par game, finishing with just nine points at the end of three quarters. Then, the fourth quarter happened. Cousins finished the game strong and finished with 18 points, 10 rebounds, two assists, a steal and two blocked shots. Cousins scored nine points in the fourth on 4-for-5 shooting in the quarter while the rest of his team struggled to put the ball in the basket. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Vernon Wells, Adam Lind, Jesse Litsch and Travis Snider of the Toronto Blue Jays were sitting courtside. It was Jewish Heritage afternoon at the Air Canada Centre. NOTABLE:  The Raptors started the game 10-for-10 from the floor. It was the first time a team has opened a game hitting their first ten field goal attempts since Houston did it against Toronto on March 1st, 2010.  Leandro Barbosa  had 11 points in the fourth quarter, hitting both of his attempts from beyond the arc and shooting 4-for-6 from the floor.  Carl Landry  had 22 points off of the bench for the Kings.  Beno Udrih  led Sacramento in scoring with 25 points.  Jerryd Bayless  returned from an ankle injury to score 10 points in 14 minutes. UP NEXT:  For the Kings, Tuesday @ Washington, Wednesday @ Boston and Friday @ New York. For the Raptors, Wednesday vs. Atlanta, Friday vs. Detroit and Saturday @ Washington. 
