Notebook: Raptors 101, Wizards 88 
 
 
 Rich Dubroff, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Jan 03, 2014 11:22 PM - Updated Sat Jan 04, 2014 1:41 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Toronto Raptors won their season-high fifth straight game.  It's their longest winning streak since a six-game run from March 22-April 4, 2009. 
 
 THE LEAD: DeMar DeRozan  scored 20 points,  Kyle Lowry  had 19 and 11 assists while  Patrick Patterson  added 18 as the Raptors beat the Washington Wizards 101-88 on Friday night. 
 Toronto outscored Washington 36-16 in the third quarter to build a 23-point lead and coasted.  Nene  led the Wizards with 15 points. Since drawing to .500 for the second time this season, the Wizards have lost two straight home games. 
 
 QUOTABLE:   "I hope it's a smack in the face. I hope it's 20 degrees below zero and they get smacked in the face outside with that, too. Maybe that'll wake them up, too. I'll figure something out. We're going to get it one way or another." 
 --Washington coach  Randy Wittman  on his team's effort 
 
 
 THE STAT:  This is the first time Toronto has been over .500 since Apr. 3, 2010. 
 
 TURNING POINT:   The Raptors began the third quarter with a 25-8 run, building a 20-point lead. The Wizards didn't help themselves by going nearly nine minutes without a field goal in the third and fourth quarters.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We're not going to out-talent too many teams right now. We don't have the Hall of Famers right now -- yet." 
 --Toronto coach  Dwane Casey  
 
 
 HOT:   Patterson was 8-for-10 from the field, making all five of his third quarter shots in the last three minutes as the Raptors took an 84-61 lead after three.   
 
 NOT:  John Wall  was 4-for-15 from the field.  
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "We had ... more selfish play than we've had."  
 -- Washington's coach Randy Wittman 
 
 
 QUOTABLE IV:  "I don't see it [as selfish play] at all. I think we're playing the right way as a team. You can't say that. I feel like we try to play as a team, try to play the right way." 
 --Washington's John Wall 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Toronto played extremely unselfishly in the third quarter. They had 10 assists to Washington's one. 
 
 QUOTABLE V:  "Winning is contagious, and we're making winning plays. It's not about making extra passes. It's about winning and how you win is by making extra passes, so everyone is making extra passes, so everybody wants to win. It's not the fancy passes." 
 -- Toronto's Kyle Lowry 
 
 
 BAD MOVE: Trevor Ariza  drew two technical fouls from official  Joey Crawford  midway through the third quarter and was ejected.  
 
 NOTABLE:  Toronto had a season-high 29 assists. It was the second straight game the Raptors set a season high in assists.  
 
 IN THE ARENA:   The crowd of 14,940 expressed its displeasure at the home team by booing.  
 
 UP NEXT:   For the Raptors, Sunday @ Miami, Tuesday @ Indiana, Wednesday vs. Detroit. For the Wizards, Sunday vs. Golden State, Tuesday @ Charlotte, Wednesday @ New Orleans 
