  Notebook: Spurs 89, Hornets 86 Posted Saturday March 24, 2012 11:06PM Larry Holder, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Center  DeJuan Blair  came through above the familiar names as he piled up a team-high 23 points as the San Antonio Spurs defeated the New Orleans Hornets 89-86 on Saturday night in the New Orleans Arena. The Spurs have now won six of their last seven games. QUOTABLE:  "I thought that they (the Spurs) hung in there. I thought New Orleans for most of the game was more efficient than we were and executed better than we did. So we just had to hang in there and keep plugging. That's probably the best thing we did."   -- Spurs coach  Gregg Popovich THE STAT:  Popovich pointed out how the Hornets were more efficient through out most of the game than the Spurs. But the turnover battle played into the Spurs' hands as San Antonio only committed seven turnovers, while New Orleans characteristically gave the basketball away 16 times. The Spurs scored 23 points off those turnovers. TURNING POINT:  The Spurs and Hornets exchanged the lead several times during the latter stages of the fourth quarter. It wasn't a tip-in by  Tim Duncan  to give San Antonio the lead for good that sealed the win. It was  Danny Green 's 20-footer from the corner with 41.8 seconds left to give the Spurs an 89-96 lead that was the finisher. Green did let the Hornets hang around when he missed two free throws with 2.3 seconds remaining in the game. But San Antonio hung on. QUOTABLE II:  "I just love my team. I love my guys. As much as I complain and push, I just love my guys."   --Hornets coach  Monty Williams  on his 12-36 team HOT:  Hornets guard  Jarrett Jack  has played probably one of his best seasons in his NBA career this year. Jack scored a game-high 27 points on 11 of 19 shooting along with seven rebounds and five assists. NOT:  Despite the win, the Spurs were dreadful from 3-point land as they only shot 2 of 19 from beyond the arc. San Antonio shot 40 percent overall from the the floor in the win. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Actor  Samuel L. Jackson  attended Saturday night's game and sat courtside. He's become a regular fixture in the New Orleans Arena the past couple of weeks as he's attended several games recently. NOTABLE:  Spurs guard  Manu Ginobili , who started for Parker against the Mavs, stayed home in San Antonio to rest, according to Popovich. Ginobili should be fine to play Sunday against the Sixers in San Antonio. The Spurs were also without center  Tiago Splitter  (back, didn't make the trip) and guard  Gary Neal , who bruised the top of his foot during Friday's win. Popovich said X-rays were negative, but Neal couldn't move his foot too well during pregame workouts in New Orleans. ... Popovich also said that it's unlikely that center Duncan will play Sunday so Duncan can receive some rest on the third game of the back-to-back-to-back stretch. ... New Orleans saw forward  Carl Landry  in action for the first time since Feb. 4 as he returned from a sprained MCL in his knee. Landry scored 15 points off the bench in his return. ... Smith served the first game of his two game suspension handed down by the league after he essentially tackled Clippers forward  Blake Griffin  on Thursday and was ejected. Smith issued a statement through the team on Saturday: "I deeply regret the incident that took place during the 4th quarter of our game vs. the Clippers on Thursday night. Not only do I want to express my sincere apology to Blake Griffin and the Clippers organization, but also to all basketball fans that might have the impression from seeing the play, that it's okay to go beyond playing aggressive and attempt to injure someone during the course of a game. It's never been a part of my makeup to intentionally hurt anyone on the court, nor ever will be, and I have the utmost respect for Blake and the game of basketball to ever abuse it in any fashion. I also want to apologize to my teammates, coaches and Hornets fans for the consequences of my actions." ... Popovich continues to like what he sees from forward  Stephen Jackson  as he scored 14 points off the bench. UP NEXT:  For the Spurs, Sunday vs Philadelphia, Tuesday @Phoenix, Wednesday @ Sacramento. For the Hornets, Monday @ L.A. Clippers, Wednesday @ Golden State, Thursday @ Portland.  