  Lakers-Clippers notebook   By Bryan Chu, for NBA.com Posted Saturday February 26, 2011 2:05AM THE FACTS:   Blake Griffin  may have owned Staples Center with his All-Star leap six days ago, but after Friday's in-house tussle, the Lakers proved it's still their house. Behind a third-quarter explosion by  Kobe Bryant , who was fighting pain in his right elbow, and stout defense, the Lakers pounded the Clippers, 108-95, to go up in the season series, 2-1. Lakers (41-19) have now won three straight as they head to the Oklahoma City Sunday to face the Thunder, who have added big-man Kendrick Perkins, for a rematch of the first round of last year's playoffs. In the win, the Lakers were led by Bryant, who had 24 points on 10-for-16 shooting, and  Andrew Bynum , who chipped in with 16 points and 11 rebounds. The short-handed Clippers (21-38), who traded away  Baron Davis  to the Cavaliers Thursday and are still without  Eric Gordon , could have used the help of newly-acquired  Mo Williams  and  Jamario Moon , both of whom are still waiting to have their physicals cleared in time for Saturday's home game against the Celtics. In the loss, which was the Clippers third straight and 10th in their last 12,  Randy Foye  tied a season-high 24 points and Griffin added 22 points and 10 rebounds. The Clippers trailed 52-50 at halftime, but were outscored 56-45 in the second half. For the game, the Clippers shot 37.8 percent to the Lakers' 50.6 percent. The Lakers largest lead of the game was by 26, 100-74, in the fourth quarter. The Lakers recorded just seven turnovers to the Clippers' 11. QUOTABLE:  "It hurts like a mother--------. Very sore. Very sore. I've had problems with it before, so when I hit it, my whole arm went numb. I had a hard time bending it."  --  Bryant, who wore a padded purple sleeve on his arm in the second half after getting hit on the right elbow in the second quarter, on his injury. The Lakers are calling it an ulnar nerve contusion injury (funny bone). THE STAT:  18-17 -- The third quarter score in which Bryant had 18 and the entire Clippers squad had 17. TURNING POINT:  Bryant caught fire in the middle of the third quarter as the Lakers rattled off a 16-5 run to go up 76-62 at the 3:47 mark. Bryant connected on 5-for-7 during the Lakers' run, including two 3-pointers. Bryant finished with 18 in the period on 8-for-11 shooting. He missed out on his 20th point after his dunk on the breakaway wasn't in time as the third quarter buzzer sounded. QUOTABLE II:  "Kobe took (the game) over. He made some tough shots and got us back on our heels and they got some momentum."  --  Clippers coach  Vinny Del Negro  on Bryant and the third quarter being the difference. HOT:   Pau Gasol  finished with 22 points on 8-for-9 shooting. At one point in the game, he was 6-for-6 from the field before missing a 17-foot baseline jumper at the 3:56 mark of the second quarter. He was also 6-for-6 from the line. Earlier this year against the Warriors, Gasol scored 28 points on 10-for-10 shooting and 8-for-8 from the free throw line. At the time, Gasol was only one of three players who had accomplished a perfect line of at least 20 points, five rebounds and five assists without missing on at least five shots from the field and the line. NOT:  The Lakers did a solid job on Griffin, relegating him to just a jump shooter. Griffin, who is second in the league in dunks, had only two. He shot 7-for-18 from the field. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Foye tied a season-high 24 points. The Clippers took a first quarter 31-30 lead behind Foye's 14 points on 4-for-5 shooting from three. Foye has been on an offensive surge of late. In the last 30 days, Foye has scored 20 or more points seven times. NOTABLE:  Williams and Moon were introduced to the media Friday just a day after the Clippers traded Davis and a 2011 unprotected first-round pick to the Cavaliers for Williams and Moon. "It was definitely a shock," said Williams of the trade. "We left an organization that we did some great things. We won a lot of games together. Obviously, we went through a period, the post-LeBron [James] era. They're in a rebuilding mode now. [Cavaliers General Manager]  Chris Grant  ? I give him a lot of respect ? he came to me and said to me that's the reason why we're making this move because we're in a rebuilding mode, and I feel that you deserve to go somewhere where you can be happy and excel with a young team, an up-and-coming team like the Clippers. I feel real good about the situation here...obviously this is the first time in my career that I've played in good climate. I've always played in cold-weather places. My wife was like, 'that's why I stuck it out with you.' I appreciate the Clippers for keeping my marriage together." Del Negro weighed in on his new players. "I think it'll be a nice fit," he said. "I'm excited about the guys we added, but I'm more excited about let's see how this will all come together." Del Negro mentioned Williams' ability to shoot with range and his All-Star experience. Similar to Mavericks owner  Mark Cuban , Lakers coach  Phil Jackson  raised an eyebrow when New Orleans, a team owned by the NBA, took on additional salary with a recent trade involving a swap for the Kings'  Carl Landry  and New Orleans'  Marcus Thornton . "I was most surprised by New Orleans' trade," Jackson said. "I want to know who is making that trade and how they can take on that salary when everybody else is in the league. This is the owners who have to take on this extra salary...those are things that seem to me manipulations I'm not quite comfortable with...How is this happening? Where is the consensus? If New Orleans happens to win a championship does everyone get a trophy at the end?"  As for other trades, Jackson opined on the Celtics and Thunder trade. "They're different, we'll see if their better," said Jackson of the Thunder gaining center  Kendrick Perkins  and losing forward  Jeff Green  and center  Nenad Krstic  to the Celtics. "Their speed is going to change. They're going to be more of a bang-em-sock-em kind of team. They will have guys who can set picks...that will help them out and it will give them a defensive player in the middle." Jackson said he was surprised by the trade because Celtics coach  Doc Rivers  has been "touting that his starting group had never lost a playoffs. That even was being mentioned this year...but obviously they made a tactical change on how they are going to approach this season. Maybe it's seeing Miami and wanting more speed. Jeff Green is a talented player, probably not being used to his capabilities at times in Oklahoma City. He could blossom there." UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Sunday @ Oklahoma City, Tuesday @ Minnesota, Friday vs. Charlotte. For the Clippers, Saturday vs. Boston, Monday @ Sacramento, Wednesday vs. Houston.  