Notebook: Spurs 96, Wizards 86 
 
 
 Tim Price, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Feb 02, 2013 11:54 PM - Updated Sat Feb 02, 2013 11:54 PM 
 
 THE FACTS: Tony Parker  scored 19 points and had 12 assists to help the Spurs to a 96-86 victory over Washington, but the Spurs didn't walk away without losing when  Tim Duncan  went down with an injury in the first half Saturday at AT&T Center. Duncan has a left knee sprain and a right ankle sprain after Washington's  Martell Webster  fell and rolled behind Duncan and onto his legs. 
 Duncan was helped from the floor but was able to walk on his own power once he made it through the tunnel. The team had no further news on the severity of the injuries. The Spurs already were playing without  Manu Ginobili , who was kept out after experiencing left hamstring tightness during Wednesday's victory over Charlotte. 
 The Spurs (38-11) have won 10 straight overall and 18 straight at home. San Antonio also got 10 points and 11 rebounds from  Kawhi Leonard , 15 points from  Danny Green  and 12 from  Tiago Splitter . San Antonio led by as much as 27. 
 The Wizards (11-35) were led by 21 points (off 22 shots) from  John Wall , who also added nine assists. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "[The Duncan injury] was scary. Those are always the ones you don't want to see when a guy falls into you while your feet are planted. I just talked to [the Spurs team] doctors and they said he is going to be fine."  
 -- Wizards coach  Randy Whittman 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Wizards scored a season-low 26 points in the first half, including a season-low nine points in the second quarter (Washington scored 10 points in the second quarter last night at Memphis). But they fought to make a game of it with 30 points in both the third and fourth quarter. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Washington had cut San Antonio's 12-point first quarter lead to single digits with seven minutes to go in the first half. Parker had been on the bench to start the second quarter, and when he came back into the game the Spurs outscored the Wizards 20-3 to end the first half. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "To have your best player going down holding his ankle and knee is frustrating. We don't know how long he'll be out, but we've got to get the job done out there; no let ups."  
 -- Spurs veteran  Stephen Jackson 
 
 
 HOT:  Parker is 18-for-25 from the floor in his last two games, and he is 58-for-91 (64 percent) during his last seven games. 
 
 NOT:  During the Wizards' nine-point second quarter they shot 4-for-22 from the floor (18 percent) and 1-for-6 from the foul line. 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Parker is averaging 23.4 points and 9.8 assists the last five games. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:   Aron Baynes , formerly at Washington State and recently signed by the Spurs out of the Euro League, was assigned to the D-League affiliate in Austin following his nine-rebound performance last week. He may get a quick call-up now that Duncan is hurt. ...  Bradley Beal  missed his third straight game for Washington with a right wrist sprain. ... That left point guard  Nando De Colo  as the only rookie playing, and he had two points, two rebounds and two assists in 10 minutes for the Spurs. 
 
 NOTABLE:  The 18-game homecourt winning streak for the Spurs is the third longest in franchise history (22 straight during the 2010-11 season is the longest). ... This was the last home game for the Spurs before the "Rodeo Road Trip" begins. The team will play nine away from home and not play in the AT&T Center until Feb. 27, but five of the nine games are against teams that currently have losing records. ...  Trevor Booker  did not play for Washington because of left wrist soreness. ... Washington took 14 more foul shots than last night in Memphis, but the 8-for-17 showing from the line tonight still could use some brushing up. ... Leonard's 11 rebounds matches a career high. ... The Wizards have lost 14 straight games to the Spurs and 13 in a row in San Antonio (they have never won in the AT&T Center). 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Wizards, Monday vs. L.A. Clippers, Wednesday vs. New York, Friday vs. Brooklyn. For the Spurs, Wednesday @ Minnesota, Friday @ Detroit, Sunday @ Brooklyn. 
