  Notebook: Nuggets 99, Lakers 90   By Michael Kelly, for NBA.com Posted Sunday January 1, 2012 11:47PM THE FACTS: Danilo Gallinari  scored 20 points,  Ty Lawson  had 17 and 10 assists and the Denver Nuggets used a game-ending 11-0 run to beat the Los Angeles Lakers 99-90 on Sunday. The win avenged a loss to the Lakers on L.A. less than 24 hours earlier. QUOTABLE:  "Why would we want to play five-on-five basketball against the Lakers? I feel they have size at every position on the court and I feel we have speed at every position on the court. The only way I know to incorporate it into a strategy is try to play fast and quick."   --  Nuggets coach  George Karl , on urging his team to push the pace. THE STAT: Kobe Bryant  scored 16 points but was 6-for-28 from the field. The Nuggets forced him into tough shots all night. TURNING POINT:  Lawson came back into the game midway through the fourth quarter and immediately pushed the pace. His speed and quickness led to easy layups and free throws. QUOTABLE II:  "Kobe's a great player, he probably had an off night tonight, but, still, we played great defense. He looked tired. I'm glad we were putting pressure on him and making him take tough shots."   --  Lawson. HOT: Andrew Bynum  feasted on the Nuggets in the back-to-back games. He averaged 23.5 points and 14.5 rebounds in the two contests. NOT:  Both teams struggled from behind the 3-point line for the second straight game. The Lakers were 4-for-23 and Denver was 2-for-18 from long range. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Lawson is a double-double ready to happen every night. He has failed to score in double figures just once in five games QUOTABLE III:  "Layups after layups after layups, that's what happened. Why? We didn't get back."   --  Bynum. GOOD MOVE:  The Lakers kept feeding Bynum and  Pau Gasol  in the paint all game. The Nuggets' frontline was in foul trouble all game and Bynum had another big night for the Lakers with 18 points and 16 rebounds. Gasol finished with 20 and 11. BAD MOVE:  Bryant kept trying to shoot his way out of his funk but could never do it. He had trouble shooting over the taller Gallinari, and when he got around him the Nuggets defense collapsed. NOTABLE:  Bryant's free throw with 10:43 left in the third quarter gave him 28,000 career points. He finished the night with 28,012, good for sixth all-time and first among active players. He is 584 points behind former teammate  Shaquille O'Neal . UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Tuesday vs. Houston, Thursday @ Portland, Friday vs. Golden State. Denver. For the Nuggets, Monday vs. Milwaukee, Wednesday vs. Sacramento, Friday @ New Orleans.  