  Thunder-Pacers notebook   By John Oehser, for NBA.com Posted Saturday November 27, 2010 12:37AM THE FACTS:   Russell Westbrook  played big all night, and with  Kevin Durant  playing even bigger late, the Oklahoma City Thunder rallied to a resilient, 110-106 overtime victory over the Indiana Pacers Friday. Wesbtook led the Thunder (11-5) with a career-high 43 points, and Durant added 25, with five of Durant's points coming in the fourth quarter and six more in overtime. Danny Granger  scored 30 points for Indiana, which had a 103-102 lead in overtime before Durant scored four points on consecutive possessions to give Oklahoma City a 106-103 lead. Indiana got no closer. Durant's running, fall-away 10-footer put the Thunder ahead, 104-103, with 58.6 seconds remaining. His leaning, 17-footer on the next possession made it a three-point game with 23.1 seconds remaining. The Pacers are 7-7. QUOTABLE:  "We played hard all the way through the game. We always play hard, and I think we were rewarded tonight for our hard work and perseverance."   --  Durant THE STAT:  The Thunder struggled from the field much of the game, but in keeping with their strength, they stayed in the game by getting to -- and being successful from -- the free-throw line. The Thunder shot 36 of 41 free throws, offsetting 38.9 percent shooting from the field. TURNING POINT:  The Pacers led by 14 early in the third period period before an 11-0 Thunder run made it 64-61, Indiana, with 5:47 remaining in the quarter. The Pacers pushed the lead back to eight, but the Thunder trailed by just five points after the quarter to set up a tight final quarter and overtime. QUOTABLE II:  "This is one that we should have won in regulation. We let it get away from us."   ---  Granger HOT:   Roy Hibbert  continued to be a reason Indiana can compete with the league's stronger teams. Hibbert scored 19 points and had 10 rebounds, and the Pacers center was particularly strong during a third quarter in which Indiana for the time being held off a Thunder rally. He had nine points in the period. NOT:  The Thunder trailed by eight at halftime, and a lack of production from the forward position was a reason. Durant, who struggled in a 121-101 loss at Indiana last season, shot 2 of 10 in the first half and  Jeff Green  shot 3 of 11 during the same period. The duo combined for 13 points, while Green did lead the Thunder with nine rebounds in the first two quarters. Each player finished stronger, with Durant scoring 19 points in the second half and overtime and Green scoring eight second-half points and finishing with 14 rebounds. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Westbrook worried the Pacers before the game, and with reason. Pacers coach  Jim O'Brien  said a key to defending Oklahoma City was pressing Westbrook and Durant, and while Indiana was effective much of the game against Durant, Westbrook shot 13 of 24 from the field and 17 of 18 from the free-throw line. Westbrook also had eight assists, eight rebounds and a team-high three steals. GOOD MOVE:  Forward  James Posey  was a game-time decision for Indiana because of back injury. It turned out to be a good decision to play him. He entered the game late in the first quarter and made three of his first four 3-pointers early in the second quarter to help the Pacers turn a five-point deficit into a 33-27 lead with just under eight minutes remaining in the half. NOTABLE:  Thunder center  Nenad Krstic  missed the game with a sore back. "It's nothing too serious," Thunder coach  Scott Brooks  said.  Serge Ibaka  started in his place. The Thunder are 6-1 on the road this season with victories in their last five road games. . . . Indiana beat Oklahoma City 121-101 last season in Indianapolis in a game the Thunder never led and trailed by as many as 31. . . . Pacers point guard  T.J. Ford  (stomach virus) and forward Posey (upper back) played after being game-time decisions . . . It was Granger's third 30-point game of the season. . . . Pacers forward  Mike Dunleavy  had 12 points and 10 rebounds for his first double-double of the season. UP NEXT:  For the Thunder, Sunday @ Houston, Monday vs. New Orleans, Wednesday @ New Jersey. For the Pacers, Sunday @ Los Angeles Lakers, Tuesday @ Sacramento, Wednesday @ Utah.  