  Nuggets-Thunder notebook   By Randy Renner, for NBA.com Posted Friday April 8, 2011 11:32PM THE FACTS:  The Oklahoma City Thunder used a smothering defense to hold the high-scoring Denver Nuggets almost 20 points below their season average and come away with a 104-89 win. Thunder two-time All-Star  Kevin Durant  led all scorers with 28 points. Durant also grabbed seven rebounds and two steals. All-Star point guard  Russell Westbrook  added 17 points while handing out eight assists. Westbrook also snatched six steals. The Thunder had five players in double figures.  Denver was led by  Nene  who had 18 points while grabbing nine rebounds.  Danilo Gallinari  and  Raymond Felton  had 17 apiece and  Kenyon Martin  picked up a double-double with 14 points and 13 rebounds. Oklahoma City wins the season series from the Nuggets 3-1 and the Thunder won two of those games this week. QUOTABLE:  "That was a really good defensive performance. We protected the paint and we made them take tough shots. Our guys really battled."  --  Thunder head coach  Scott Brooks. THE STAT:  The Nuggets shot 40.3 percent for the game and just 37.9 percent after three quarters. They also had only eight fast break points, 6.5 under their season average. TURNING POINT:  After trailing by 18 with 8:35 left in the game, the Nuggets went on an 11-2 run to cut the margin to just nine with 5:39 to play. The Thunder responded with a 10-5 spurt to take command 97-83 with 3:37 to go. The key plays were a driving layup by  Thabo Sefolosha , a steal by Durant leading to his own bucket and a steal by Westbrook who dished to Sefolosha for a slam. QUOTABLE II:  "Those were two good teams out there tonight. We battled all night long and it's gonna be something if we meet in the playoffs."  --  Thunder forward Kevin Durant. HOT:  In the first half OKC's  James Harden  scored 10 points on 4-for-5 shooting...also in the first half Denver (12-for-12) and Oklahoma City (7-for-8) combined to go 19-for-20 from the free throw line. NOT:  In the first four minutes of the game the Thunder scored 0 points on 0-for-6 shooting...In the first half Denver's Kenyon Martin and Oklahoma City's Kevin Durant were 4-for-11. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Oklahoma City's 34th sell-out of the season, the most since the team moved from Seattle. GOOD MOVE:  Early in the game Denver center Nene made a nice back door cut for a slam then at the other end of the floor blocked a shot from Thunder guard Thabo Sefolosha. GOOD MOVE TOO:  Thunder shooting guard James Harden and center  Kendrick Perkins  team up on a nifty inbounds play in the second quarter. Harden nods to Perkins who charges into the lane and Harden gives him a bounce pass that Perkins grabs and dunks. GOOD MOVE III:  Thunder center  Nazr Mohammed  with a back door cut late in the third quarter and slamming over Denver's  Al Harrington . BAD MOVE:  Denver point guard  Ty Lawson  fires a pass across the court to forward Danilo Gallinari who lets it go through his hands and into the crowd for a turnover. NOTABLE:  Oklahoma City is now 14-3 on Friday nights. Denver falls to 17-23 on the road, the second worst record of the top eight teams in the Western Conference. UP NEXT:  For the Nuggets, Saturday vs Timberwolves, Monday vs Warriors, Wednesday @ Utah. For the Thunder, Sunday @ LA Lakers, Monday @ Sacramento, Wednesday vs Bucks.  