Notebook: Wizards 97, Bobcats 83 
 
 
 Derek Smith, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Jan 07, 2014 10:38 PM - Updated Tue Jan 07, 2014 10:38 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Washington Wizards now have eight road wins -- more than all of last season, when they were 7-34. 
 
 THE LEAD:  The Washington Wizards snapped their three-game losing streak with a 97-83 win over the Charlotte Bobcats on Tuesday night at Time Warner Cable Arena.  Marcin Gortat  had a double-double with 18 points and 13 rebounds and was one of four Washington starters in double figures. Charlotte's  Gerald Henderson  led all scorers with 27 points.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "It was great to get the victory out there tonight. We played hard and we played together and had fun out there. Coach let us play out there tonight and that really helped us." 
 -- Washington center  Marcin Gortat 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Wizards were executing well on offense and on the glass against Charlotte. Washington shot 47.1 percent and is now 9-2 when shooting better form the field than its opponent. The Wizards dominated the rebounds 46-38 and improved to 10-5 when grabbing more rebounds than its opponent.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Wizards used a 17-0 run early in the third quarter to put the game away against Charlotte.  John Wall  threw down an alley-oop from  Trevor Booker  to jump start the Wizards run which saw that duo combine for 13 of the 17 points over a 4:22 span. They forced the Bobcats into a 0-for-6 stretch with three turnovers during the run and were never seriously challenged the rest of the way.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "Defense was big for us tonight. We didn't have to double down on  Al Jefferson . He's demolished in the past. Marcin (Gortat) came out and played for the team tonight. We had different guys score the ball and played on both ends of the court and was nice to get away from that three-game losing streak." 
 -- Washington guard Wall 
 
 
 HOT: Bradley Beal  had the hot hand for Washington on Tuesday. The second-year guard had a team-best 21 points on 10-for-18 shooting. He had nine of his 21 in the fourth quarter , when he connected on four of six field-goal attempts and added a pair of assists.  
 
 NOT: Al Jefferson , Charlotte's second-leading scorer, was held to only six points on 3-for-9 shooting against Washington. It was only his second game not reaching double figures and the first time since November 22.  
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  Charlotte owner  Michael Jordan  was seated courtside with longtime agent  David Falk . Rapper Nelly was also in attendance and sat courtside as well at center court. Washington's Gortat met pregame with a large group from the Polish School of Charlotte. The Bobcats and Sprite gave away a trip for four to the 2014 NBA All-Star game in New Orleans. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:   Cody Zeller  played 11 minutes and scored five points and grabbed one rebound. For Washington.  Otto Porter  also played 11 minutes and had two points, one rebound and one assist.  Glen Rice  was inactive for the Wizards.  
 
 NOTABLE:  Henderson scored in double figures for the 24th time in his last 25 games and has seven games with 20 or more points on the season ... Jefferson posted his 14th double-figure rebounding game ...  Kemba Walker  has scored in double figures for the 33rd time this season and has played in 184 consecutive games which is the second-longest consecutive games streak in franchise history ... Wall has scored in double figures for the 30th time this season, and Beal has scored in double figures for the 19th time this season. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Wizards, Wednesday @ New Orleans, Friday @ Indiana, Saturday vs. Houston. For the Bobcats, Friday @ Minnesota, Saturday @ Chicago, Tuesday vs. New York. 
