  Notebook: Bucks 105, Raptors 99 Posted Wednesday February 8, 2012 10:52PM Duane Watson, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The Milwaukee Bucks (11-14) defeated the Toronto Raptors (8-19) 105-99 in Toronto to capture their fourth road win of the season and halting a three game losing streak. A highly contested, offensive inspired game saw six Bucks players in double digits, but the catalyst was former Raptor  Carlos Delfino  who scored a season-high 25 points, grabbed nine rebounds and shot 6-for-8 from the three-point line. Delfino's defense was key as he made one of his three steals in the open court down the stretch on  DeMar DeRozan  to deny the Raptors a chance of getting their fourth home win (3-7). The Raptors start a franchise tying longest home stand with 6 more successive games to come at the Air Canada Centre. The Bucks are coming off a 107-105 loss in Phoenix and were in need of a win, while they ended their own three game skid, they gave Toronto their third loss in a row.  Drew Gooden  contributed 20 points and 14 rebounds, while  Mike Dunleavy  scored 18 points and  Stephen Jackson  had 17.  DeMar DeRozan  led the Raptors with 25 points,  James Johnson  added 15 and  Jose Calderon  scored 9 points with a game high 15 assists. QUOTABLE:  "I'm lucky, it's one of those nights, I should play roulette. I've just been working on my game, tonight I guess I was making shots."   -- Delfino on his 6-for-8, 3-point shooting tonight. THE STAT:  Milwaukee's 11 team blocked shots, the majority of which came when the Raptors needed baskets most, continually having the door slammed shut on their runs. The Bucks defense stepped up when needed and put them over to win the game. TURNING POINT:  Delfino's sixth 3-pointer of the night with 2:52 left in the fourth quarter made it 94-85 and was the beginning of the end. He followed it up a minute later with an open court steal on DeRozan and was fouled, putting him on the free throw line making one of two and widening the margin to 8 points, (97-87). QUOTABLE II:  "Carlos was huge, it was kind of like him and Dunleavy were Siamese twins, Dunleavy had it going in the first half and 'Los got it going in the second half, so that's big."   -- Bucks center Gooden HOT:    Dunleavy  is averaging 10.4 points on the season, but exploded with 16 points in the second quarter on 5-for-6 shooting and 3-for-4 from three-point line, leading the Bucks into halftime with a 58-51 lead. NOT:  Brandon Jennings  came off a three-point, four-field-goal-attempt performance on Tuesday. Jennings is averaging 19.2 points per game, while taking 16.7 attempts. He got more shots off tonight (3-for-12). He was equally as cold with 11 points, 4 assists and 3 turnovers, while shooting 4-for-8 from the free throw line. GOOD MOVE:  Milwaukee head coach  Scott Skiles  has not been liking what he has been getting out of his starters of late and went with  Stephen Jackson  and Dunleavy off the bench for big minutes in the second quarter. The duo delivered, scoring 24 (Dunleavy 16 and Jackson eight points) of the Bucks 30 points for the quarter. NOTABLE:  The Raptors 29 points in the first quarter was a season high. ... Raptors guard  Jerryd Bayless  left the game in the third quarter with a sore left ankle and did not return. ... The Bucks have won 7 of the last 8 meetings with the Raptors and five in row dating back to last year. ...Toronto led 29-28 after the first quarter for the first time since January 13th vs. Indiana. ...The Bucks have either tied or outscored their opponents in the fourth quarter each of the last 14 games. UP NEXT:  The Raptors continue their home stand Friday vs. Boston, Sunday vs. Lakers and Tuesday vs. New York. Milwaukee travels on Friday @ Cleveland, on Saturday vs. Orlando and on Monday vs. Miami.  