  Bulls-Jazz notebook   By Andrew Aragon, for NBA.com Posted Thursday February 10, 2011 1:17AM THE FACTS: Derrick Rose  had 29 points and seven assists to carry the Chicago Bulls to a 91-86 win over the Utah Jazz on Wednesday night. The game featured the return of former Jazzmen  Carlos Boozer ,  Kyle Korver  and  Ronnie Brewer  to Utah. Boozer had 14 points, and Korver hit a key 3-pointer in the fourth quarter to give the Bulls an 87-83 lead. Brewer had a steal with Chicago up 89-86 with 7.4 seconds left to seal the win for the Bulls. For the Jazz,  Paul Millsap  had 20 points and 14 rebounds, and  Al Jefferson  had 26 points and eight rebounds. QUOTABLE:  "It was a tough loss. Put it on me, because at the end of the game I had the ball in my hands. I've gotta make plays to win the game. Two turnovers, not characteristic for me. Put it on me."   -- Jazz guard  Deron Williams  on a couple of costly turnovers in the late minutes of Wednesday's game THE STAT:  5-0. The Bulls, for the fifth time this season, entered a game on a two-game losing streak. They stayed perfect in games in that type of scenario, improving to 5-0 when they need to avoid a three-game losing streak. TURNING POINT:  The Bulls overcame the Jazz in a game that featured playoff-like intensity with key plays in the final minutes. Korver's 3-pointer made it a two-possession game, but Jefferson answered with a three-point play. Rose sank two free throws to make it 89-86 before Brewer put the game away with a steal and two foul shots. QUOTABLE II:  "We (Brewer, Korver and I) had figured they were going to run some of the plays from our years and late in the game when (Williams) drove and kicked it, Ronnie got the steal and sealed the game for us. We knew it was one of two plays and we picked the right one."   -- Bulls forward Boozer on Brewer's steal on Utah's last possession HOT:  The Bulls' defense returned to its consistent form this season in holding the Jazz to 86 points. Their last opponents, Golden State and Portland, scored more than 100. Jefferson shot 12-for-19, and  Raja Bell  was 4-for-6 shooting and scored 11 points. NOT:  The Jazz missed 11 of their first 12 shots in the second quarter.  Andrei Kirilenko  shot just 5-for-14, and Williams was 5-for-13. The Bulls didn't score and missed six straight shots in the final 4:25 of the first quarter. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Rose, the leading candidate for the league's MVP award, continued to pay off for fantasy owners. Although his shooting percentage wasn't great (he shot 11-for-26), he scored higher than his average and had three rebounds and a steal. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Boozer was a polarizing figure when he played for the Jazz. He wasn't endeared by fans because he once requested a trade on a radio show, said he was going to get a raise regardless if he opted out of his last Utah contract, and his perceived inability to play through pain. Jazz fans left no doubt about how they feel about Boozer now, as he was booed during pregame introductions, whenever he checked into the game and every time he touched the ball. Korver was cheered the first time he entered the game, and Brewer got a respectful reaction from fans. BAD MOVE:  The Jazz's last possession was a mess. Trailing by three, Williams drove deep in the paint and had a bad pass stolen by Brewer. ROOKIE WATCH:  Bulls rookie  Omer Asik  had four points and seven rebounds in 15 minutes. For the Jazz,  Gordon Hayward  played four minutes and scored one point. NOTABLE:  The Bulls are one of four teams that has yet to lose three straight games this season. Boston, Oklahoma City and San Antonio are the others. ... Chicago has held nine of its last 11 opponents to 90 points or fewer. ... Millsap had his 14th double-double of the season. ... Williams had his 24th double-double of the season with 11 points and 12 assists. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Saturday @ New Orleans, Tuesday vs. Charlotte, Thursday vs. San Antonio. For the Jazz, Friday vs. Phoenix, Tuesday @ Phoenix, Wednesday vs. Golden State.  