  Notebook: Pacers 103, Thunder 98 Posted Friday April 6, 2012 11:00PM By Conrad Brunner, for NBA.com THE FACTS:   Kevin Durant  was brilliant, but he couldn't do it alone. Oklahoma City's slender superstar almost carried his team all the way back from a 24-point deficit, scoring 24 of his 44 points in the final 15 minutes, but the Thunder couldn't overcome a gritty performance from Indiana and fell 103-98 to the Pacers Friday at Bankers Life Fieldhouse. Indiana led 72-48 midway through the third quarter but Durant's three-point play cut it to 96-91 with 1:08 left.  Darren Collison  hit a clutch jumper with 16.8 seconds remaining to ice it for Indiana. The Pacers won their fourth in a row and improved to 34-21, 18-7 at home and two games ahead of Orlando in the race for third place in the East. Oklahoma City has its first three-game losing streak of the season and fell to 40-15, 17-10 on the road. QUOTABLE:  "We're clicking offensively, we're coming defensively, we're rebounding the ball well. We know we can win in a variety of different ways. And we're doing it all without practice. Who needs practice?"   -- Indiana Coach  Frank Vogel THE STAT:   Danny Granger  scored 13 of his 26 points in the fourth quarter to lead the Pacers. In the last three games in which he has played in the fourth quarter and overtime, Granger has racked up 40 points, including 14 against the Knicks and 13 against the Rockets in comeback victories. TURNING POINT:  The Thunder used a small lineup to spark a 17-3 run closing the third and opening the fourth periods, cutting Indiana's lead to 75-65 with 10:57 remaining. With plenty of time and all the momentum, Oklahoma City seemed poise to take the game away. But  Leandro Barbosa  and Granger hit consecutive 3-pointers to give the Pacers desperately needed breathing room and the Thunder would not challenge again until the closing seconds. QUOTABLE II:  "I thought we did a real good job on  (Russell) Westbrook  and  (James) Harden  -- not so good on Durant."   -- Vogel HOT:  Durant was electrifying, hitting 15 of 24 from the field, including 3-of-8 from the 3-point, line, and making 11 of 13 free throws. Granger was again solid for the Pacers, scoring 19 in the second half, and  Roy Hibbert  had 21 points, 12 rebounds and four blocked shots for Indiana. NOT:  Rarely can a player produce 21 points, 11 rebounds and nine assists and look worse than Westbrook, who shot 7 of 23 and played with obvious frustration throughout the game. QUOTABLE III:  "You can't panic. Three in a row is tough, especially late in the season, but you can't panic. We played hard all three games and we fought back in this one. We just have to get ready at home and try to get a win. It's a lesson learned for us. We just have to keep pushing."    - Durant GOOD MOVE:  After  Kendrick Perkins  dunked with 9.9 seconds remaining to cut it to 99-95, the Pacers had trouble getting the ball inbounds, but Hibbert raced over to catch the entry pass, put both feet down like a wide receiver tightroping the sideline and flipped the ball to Collison before the 7-2 center went sailing into the first two rows of spectators. Collison wrapped up the ball, was fouled and made two free throws to help seal the verdict. BAD MOVE:  With the Thunder down four with 37.9 seconds remaining, Coach  Scott Brooks  opted not to foul, allowing the Pacers to run 21 seconds off the clock before Collison rose up for the decisive jump shot. NOTABLE:   Paul George  had a career-high 16 rebounds and three steals for the Pacers. ... Indiana wrapped up its Western Conference schedule 12-5 overall, 6-2 at home. ... The Pacers topped 100 points for the fifth consecutive game and ninth in 12 since the trade for Barbosa. ... The Thunder, who entered as the second-highest scoring team in the league, failed to score 100 for the fourth game in a row. ... Indiana shot 32 percent in the second half, 53 percent in the first. UP NEXT:  For the Pacers, Saturday vs. Boston, Monday vs. Toronto, Wednesday @ Cleveland. For the Thunder, Sunday vs. Toronto, Monday @ Milwaukee, Wednesday vs. L.A. Clippers.  