
 Raptors-Sixers notebook   By Andy Jasner, for NBA.com Posted Friday April 8, 2011 10:56PM THE FACTS:  It was far from easy. But the Philadelphia 76ers picked up their 41st victory with a gritty 98-93 victory over the Toronto Raptors on Friday. There were six Philadelphia players in double figures led by  Elton Brand's  22 points and 20 by  Thaddeus Young .  Andre Iguodala  added 16 points while  Jrue Holiday  contributed a double-double -- 13 points and 11 assists. DeMar DeRozan  paced the Raptors with 27 points while  Jerryd Bayless  scored 24 points. In the end, Toronto didn't have quite enough and fell to 21-58. The Raptors had won three straight at the Wells Fargo Center and they kept this game close despite some serious depth issues because of injuries. QUOTABLE:  "We're not as connected as we've been. Our rotation is a little bit screwed up right now."   -- Sixers coach  Doug Collins THE STAT:  The Raptors went 26 straight possessions without a field goal during one brutal stretch from midway through the first quarter into the second. TURNING POINT:  After the Raptors got within 82-80 with 6:47 remaining, the Sixers turned up the pressure and did just enough to win the game. HOT:  Brand hit 10 of his 16 shots from a variety of angles. NOT:   James Johnson  missed five of his eight field goal attempts. QUOTABLE II:  "We just fought through it. It's important for us to stick together."   --Iguodala on struggling to beat the Raptors FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  In addition to Holiday's double-double, he added four rebounds and four steals while knocking down all seven of his free throws. INSIDE THE ARENA:  There was a sparse crowd for this matchup at the Wells Fargo Center. The Sixers have already clinched a playoff berth and the Raptors entered with just 21 wins. That might have had something to do with it. QUOTABLE III:  "I hope we're not looking ahead. I know me personally, I'm not. We have two games left before the playoffs and we need to finish strong."   -- Brand GOOD MOVE:   Collins stayed with  Jodie Meeks  for 40 minutes despite his recent shooting struggles. Meeks was 0-for-8 from beyond the arc two nights ago and missed his first three against Toronto. But he finished with 10 points and may have regained some confidence with the added minutes. Smart move. BAD MOVE:  The Sixers had a clear mismatch at center with the undersized  Reggie Evans  starting for Toronto. Somehow, the Sixers didn't dominate in the middle. Evans, a former Sixer, had 15 rebounds. ROOKIE WATCH:   Evan Turner , the Sixers' No. 2 overall pick from Ohio State, had 10 points, three rebounds and two assists. Raptors forward Ed Davis started and wound up with 14 points and 10 rebounds. INJURED:  The short-handed Raptors entered the game without guard  Leandro Barbosa  (sore right pinky finger) and forward  Amir Johnson  (sore left ankle). The Raptors were already without  Jose Calderon  (left hamstring),  Andrea Bargnani  (right ankle) and  Linas Kleiza  (right knee surgery). Then the Raptors announced that forward  Sonny Weems  wouldn't return after halftime because of a sore right knee. NOTABLE:  Young outscored the Raptors bench 20-11. He has scored 20 or more points in five of the past seven games. The Sixers are 12-3 when Young scores 20 or more points this season. Over the past 11 games, Young is averaging 16.9 points on 56.8 percent shooting. DID YOU NOTICE:  Toronto coach  Jay Triano  was ejected with 5:34 remaining. Triano walked all the way to halfcourt to protest a call before being tossed from the game. NEXT:  For the Raptors, Sunday vs. New Jersey, Monday @ Milwaukee, Wednesday vs. Miami. For the Sixers, Monday vs. Orlando, Wednesday vs. Detroit. 
