  Magic-Celtics notebook   By Jimmy Toscano, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday January 18, 2011 1:05AM THE FACTS:  It took 26 lead changes and 18 ties, but the Boston Celtics prevailed 109-106 over the Orlando Magic on Monday. In the end, it was the Celtics' Big Three of  Paul Pierce ,  Kevin Garnett , and  Ray Allen  that had a hand in the Celtics' win. Pierce hit the Celtics' last field goal, Garnett stole the ball on the Magic's next possession, and Allen hit the free throws to put it out of reach. QUOTABLE:  "I said it to somebody else, we look like a totally different team out there just with Kevin on the court. And I told people this earlier; you can't replace what Kevin gives to the ballclub. He'll always show up with his numbers but his presence and feel for the game and everything he does for this team goes far beyond the numbers."   -- Paul Pierce on the defensive change with Kevin Garnett back in the lineup THE STAT:  The Celtics shot a staggering 60 percent (42-70) from the field but still couldn't pull away from the Magic. That's because the Magic made 11 3-pointers and 27 free throws. Allen hit the Celtics' only three 3-pointers of the game. TURNING POINT:  After  Jameer Nelson  tied it up at 104 with 51 seconds to play, it was Pierce's turn to take the lead back once and for all. Dribbling to his right, Pierce stepped back at the elbow, pump faked, and got  Jason Richardson  to bite. As Richardson landed, Pierce leaned in, got the foul, and drained the basket. He hit the free throw to go up three, and the Celtics never looked back. QUOTABLE II:  "Look, to me the biggest shot was Ray Allen in the corner, that was an unbelievable shot. We defended the shot, he made a dead run going away from the ball, and to knock that in, that's an unbelievable shot and that's why you'll see him in the Hall of Fame."   --  Stan Van Gundy  on Allen's 3-pointer to put the Celtics up 102-101 with 2:15 remaining HOT:  Allen shot 8-for-11 (3-for-4 from three-point territory) for 26 points. Thirteen of those points came in the fourth quarter, as he converted on four of five shots including two 3-pointers. He's shooting 70 percent from beyond the arc in January (28-for-40). NOT: Nate Robinson  was 2-for-8 from the field, missing all four 3-point attempts. His shoot-first mentality early in the fourth quarter earned him a spot on the bench shortly after. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT: Dwight Howard  only scored six points the last time he faced the Celtics, but tonight was a different story. Howard finished with 33 points points on 10-for-19 shooting including an uncharacteristic 13-for-18 from the line. He also ripped down 13 boards in the losing effort. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Boston Red Sox closer  Jonathan Papelbon  watched the game courtside. He was shown on the JumboTron chugging a beer as his theme song,  Shipping up to Boston  by the  Dropkick Murphys  played over the speakers. GOOD MOVE:  After missing nine games with a right calf strain,  Doc Rivers  chose to start Garnett tonight. Garnett showed no lingering injury issues as he scored 19 points and grabbed eight rebounds. Oh, and he stole the ball with 15 seconds to play to seal the deal. NOTABLE: Jermaine O'Neal  sat out his third straight game with an injured left knee. He was away getting another opinion on it and is said to have a decision on whether or not to get surgery by Tuesday. ... Allen has 2,533 career 3-pointers, 27 away from  Reggie Miller 's record 2,560. Miller was on hand for the game tonight, calling it for TNT's broadcast. UP NEXT:  For the Celtics, Wednesday vs. Detroit, Friday vs. Utah, Saturday @ Washington. For the Magic, Wednesday vs. Philadelphia, Friday vs. Toronto, Saturday @ Houston  