Notebook: Sixers 106, Raptors 98 
 
 
 Andy Jasner, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Nov 20, 2012 10:48 PM - Updated Tue Nov 20, 2012 10:48 PM 
 
 THE FACTS: Nick Young  scored 23 points,  Jason Richardson  contributed 21 points and the Philadelphia 76ers completed their five-game homestand with a 3-2 mark in a 106-98 victory over the Raptors on Tuesday at the Wells Fargo Center.  Jrue Holiday  added 19 points,  Thaddeus Young  had 18 and  Evan Turner  12 for the Sixers, who improved to 7-4. 
 
 DeMar DeRozan  led the Raptors (3-8) with 24 points while  Andrea Bargnani  scored 22.  Kyle Lowry  and  Jose Calderon  chipped in with 13 points each while  Jonas Valanciunas  had 11. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I think by finishing games, we're learning about each other." 
 
 -- Holiday 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Sixers outshot Toronto 47.1 percent to 45.1 percent. The Sixers have outshot their opponent in each of the past three games and are 6-0 when doing that this season. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  After Lowry tied the game at 96, Richardson converted a three-point play. Following two missed free throws by Lowry, Richardson then knocked down a 3-pointer from the baseline for a 102-96 advantage. Thaddeus Young added a layup for an eight-point lead and that turned out to be enough of a cushion. 
 
 HOT:  Thaddeus Young was 8-for-13 from the field and was as active as he has been all season. Several of his baskets came from offensive rebounds. When Young brings this type of energy, the Sixers usually respond.  
 
 NOT: Lavoy Allen  continues to struggle offensively for the Sixers. He missed three of his four shots. 
 
 
QUOTABLE II : "It was our game. We couldn't finish it out." 
 
 -- Calderon, on squandering a six-point lead late in regulation. 
 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Holiday nearly compiled a triple-double of 19 points, 12 assists and eight rebounds. He also added three steals. For Toronto, Lowry returned from an injury and had a strong all-around game -- 13 points, seven assists and seven rebounds. 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  The announced crowd of 13,965 was rather quiet for three quarters. When the Sixers rallied and pulled out a win with a strong finish, the fans responded with a number of loud ovations. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "We just fought. The fans started to get behind us and that played a big part." 
 
 -- Nick Young, on rallying for the win. 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Sixers coach  Doug Collins  went to a small lineup in the fourth quarter and the team played very well. The small lineup won't work every night, but it sparked the team against Toronto. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Toronto didn't do a good job attacking the Sixers' small lineup. The Raptors had a clear advantage in the low post and couldn't capitalize. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Valanciunas started and had 11 points, 11 rebounds and three blocked shots for Toronto. Guard  Terrence Ross  and forward  Quincy Acy  didn't play. For the Sixers, forward  Arnett Moultrie  and guard  Maalik Wayns  also had DNP-CDs. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Richardson suffered a head contusion in the third quarter but returned early in the fourth. ... Collins picked up a technical foul with 10:10 remaining. ... Calderon had 13 points, 12 assists and five rebounds. ... The Sixers trailed by seven entering the fourth. It was their first victory this season when tied or trailing at the start of the fourth. They were 2-25 last season. ... Nick Young scored 10 of his season-high 23 points in the fourth. ... Richardson had his third 20-plus point effort over the past five games. ... Holiday had his fourth double-double. ... Toronto was 4-for-16 from beyond the arc. ... The Raptors are 0-6 when allowing 100 or more points this season. ... The Sixers have won three in a row for the second time this season. 
 NEXT: For the Raptors, Wednesday @ Charlotte, Friday @ Detroit, Sunday vs. San Antonio. For the Sixers, Wednesday @ Cleveland, Saturday vs. Oklahoma City, Sunday vs. Phoenix. 
