  76ers-Jazz notebook   By Andrew Aragon, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday March 15, 2011 12:52AM THE FACTS:   Al Jefferson  had 30 points and 17 rebounds as the Utah Jazz defeated the Philadelphia 76ers 112-107 in overtime on Monday night. C.J. Miles , in his sixth start of the season, had 19 points and eight rebounds for the Jazz.  Andrei Kirilenko  scored seven of his 16 points in overtime. For the 76ers,  Andre Iguodala  led Philadelphia with 23 points, six rebounds and six assists.  Lou Williams  came off the bench to score 22 points. QUOTABLE:  "I guess we don't want an easy game. We try to make it hard on ourselves to win, but we'll take it any way we can get it."  --  Jazz center Jefferson on his team pulling the victory out in overtime after blowing a double-digit lead in the fourth quarter. THE STAT:  0. That was Iguodala's point total in overtime. He had torched the Jazz for 14 points on 5-for-7 shooting in the fourth quarter, but was blanked by Kirilenko in the extra period. TURNING POINT:  The Jazz blew a 21-point lead in regulation and fell behind by three points in the final minute of regulation. Jefferson tipped in a shot and Miles tied the game with a strong drive and layup in the final seconds of the fourth quarter and forced overtime. Utah then retained its momentum in overtime. Kirilenko hit a 3-pointer and followed a Jefferson miss with a dunk. He had two free throws to ice the game with 18.5 seconds remaining. QUOTABLE II:  "I feel good about the way we fought back and got back in the game and had a few chances to win it. I wish we could have won it, then we would all be elated right now, but we just laid two eggs in a row and I definitely don't feel good about that."  --  76ers forward  Elton Brand  on his team fighting back after falling behind big in the first half. It was the second straight game Philadelphia trailed by 18 points at halftime. HOT:  The Jazz made their first five shots and led 10-2 with 9:20 left in the first quarter. Utah assisted on 17 of 22 made baskets in the first half. Kirilenko made his last three shots. The 76ers shot 63.2 percent in the fourth quarter. NOT:  Brand and  Jrue Holiday  shot a combined 2-for-15 for the 76ers in the first half. Brand, however, rebounded to make seven of his last 10 attempts. The 76ers shot 27.3 percent in the second quarter. Philadelphia shot 22.2 percent in overtime. FANTASY WATCH:  Jefferson continued his scoring tear and retained his status as a No. 1 center against the 76ers. He has topped his scoring average of 18.7 points in 17 of Utah's last 19 games. He has scored 30 or more points in four of the Jazz's last five games. He didn't shoot that great (11-for-26) against the Sixers, but he did have six assists and two blocked shots to go along with his 17 boards. ROOKIE WATCH:   Derrick Favors  made his first start for the Jazz and had 11 points, six rebounds and two assists.  Jeremy Evans  came off the bench for Utah and impacted the game with eight points and six rebounds in 20-plus minutes. 76ers rookie  Evan Turner  struggled, shooting 1-for-6 and scoring four points in 16-plus minutes. NOTABLE:  Jazz guard  Devin Harris , who had 19 points and four assists, strained his right hamstring in the fourth quarter and did not play in overtime. His status is day-to-day. Jefferson's six assists tied a career-high, and it was his 28th double-double of the season. Utah is 5-0 in overtime games this season, and has defeated the Sixers six straight times at home. Miles and Evans both tied their season-high in rebounds. The 76ers are 2-6 in overtime games. UP NEXT:  For the 76ers, Wednesday at L.A. Clippers, Friday @ Sacramento, Saturday @ Portland. For the Jazz, Wednesday vs. Timberwolves, Sunday @ Houston, Monday @ Memphis.  