  Notebook: Suns 99, Hawks 90 Posted Monday February 6, 2012 11:04PM By Matt Winkeljohn, for NBA.com THE FACTS: Steve Nash  and the Suns toyed with the Hawks for much of the game Monday night, when the Phoenix point guard had 24 points and 11 assists to lead the visitors to a 99-90 win that left the Hawks in a free fall. The Suns made 11 3-pointers, and while Atlanta wasn't as vulnerable in the paint as in the two previous games the Hawks still suffered their third straight ugly home loss after starting the season 8-1 in Philips Arena. Phoenix has won three of its past four games, and has beaten the Hawks four straight times. They meet in Arizona next Wednesday. Nash had all of his points and 10 of his assists in the first three quarters and the Suns led by 22 points early in the fourth quarter with him on the bench. Atlanta coach  Larry Drew  pulled the last of his starters with 6:24 left in the game and his team trailing by 16. Atlanta subs made the score more respectable from there as  Willie Green  scored 12 of his 14 points in the final period, but the Hawks have hardly been competitive in losing to the Grizzlies, 76ers and Phoenix in Philips Arena in a span of five days. Channing Frye  had 19 points and nine rebounds as the Suns outrebounded Atlanta 45-35 and shot 51.9 percent (41-for-79), including 11-for-24 from beyond the arc. Josh Smith  had 18 points for the Hawks, and  Joe Johnson  added 17. QUOTABLE:  "I just don't see how we respond as if the game is over [in the second quarter]. I was hoping we were past that point."  --  Drew. THE STAT:  The Suns out-rebounded the Hawks 39-22 over the final three quarters. ANOTHER STAT:  The Hawks are 3-4 against teams from the Western Conference, and 13-5 against teams from the East. TURNING POINT:  For Atlanta's third straight game, all at home, there really was no turning point as the Hawks were thoroughly outplayed almost from the jump. The point could be made that the absence of centers  Al Horford  (torn pectoral muscle) and  Jason Collins  (sprained elbow) has caught up to Atlanta. QUOTABLE II:  "We tried to be aggressive, and take advantage of the mismatches . . . [Nash] never does [play like he's 37]. He's an awesome player."  --  Frye. HOT:  Nash made all four of his shots in the first quarter, including a pair of treys, and made 9-of-12 for the night. . . . Smith (6-for-12 shooting) broke out of his scoring slump. Prior to scoring 18 Monday, he averaged 8.3 points over his previous four games while scoring in single digits three times and shooting 13-for-37. NOT:  After making just 1-of-5 shots, Atlanta's  Kirk Hinrich  has shot 6-for-25 over five games. . . . Hawks sub  Vladimir Radmanovic  went scoreless for the fourth time in six games, missing all five of his shots. He's made just 3-of-13 in that span. . . .  Tracy McGrady  missed both his shots for Atlanta, and his availability (knees, back) continues to be hit or miss. He played just 8:12, and not at all in the second half. GOOD MOVE:  Despite the fact that the Hawks had struggled horribly to defend the paint in their two previous games (surrendering a combined 112 points there), Suns coach  Alvin Gentry  said before the game that his team wouldn't deviate much from their normal operating procedure. Sure enough, Phoenix took a 27-23 lead by the end of the first quarter largely on the strength of jump shots. Outscored 16-6 in the paint in the period, the Suns moved ahead by swinging the ball around, and shooting 4-for-6 from beyond the arc and 8-for-12 outside the paint. BAD MOVE:  When Atlanta center  Zaza Pachulia  picked up his fourth foul with 8:09 left in the third quarter, the Hawks' disadvantage in the paint became much greater. With Smith (6-9) and rookie forward  Ivan Johnson  (6-feet-8) forced to play center against  Marcin Gortat  (6-11), the Suns began moving the ball through the post more frequently and to positive effect.. Phoenix outscored Atlanta 12-6 in the paint in the third, when Gortat scored six of his eight points and grabbed six of his nine rebounds as the Suns won the quarter 29-16. ROOKIE WATCH:  Suns forward  Markeif Morris  pitched in seven points and seven rebounds, and made his only three-point shot to beat the shot clock. NOTABLE: Jared Dudley  returned to the starting lineup for Phonix after missing the Suns' win Saturday over the Bobcats. That ended his streak of consecutive games played at 206, dating back to March 6, 2009.  Michael Redd , who started Saturday and scored 17 points in Dudley's place, scored 10 off the bench as  Shannon Brown  did not play-coach's decision for the second time in six games. . . . The Suns are 5-1 when Dudley (10 points) and Frye (19) both score at least 10 points. The lone loss game in a game that Nash and  Grant Hill  missed. UP NEXT:  For the Suns, Tuesday @ Bucks, Thursday vs. Rockets, Saturday vs. Kings. For the Hawks, Wednesday vs. Pacers, Friday @ Magic, Saturday vs. Heat.  