  Raptors-Grizzlies notebook   By Holly J. MacKenzie, for NBA.com Posted Monday January 24, 2011 11:06PM THE FACTS:  On Monday night at the Air Canada Centre,  Rudy Gay  scored on a baseline fadeaway with 0.8 seconds remaining to give the Memphis Grizzlies a 100-98 victory over the Toronto Raptors. Gay finished with 21 while  Marc Gasol  and  Zach Randolph  added 17 points apiece.  Andrea Bargnani  scored 29 points and  DeMar DeRozan  had 25 in the loss for the Raptors, their eighth straight. QUOTABLE:  "That's my ritual. That's how I get some serenity before the game ... It felt good. I got to the right spot and you asked me why I was here earlier, that's why. I felt like it was the same thing, like I was in there by myself."    -- Rudy Gay on being at the arena nearly three hours before the game getting shots up and also on the game-winning shot. THE STAT:  Offensive rebounds in the fourth quarter. While the Grizzlies finished with 18 offensive rebounds (46 total), they grabbed seven offensive boards in the fourth quarter, helping to offset their woeful 33 percent shooting from the floor. It was an ugly fourth quarter for Memphis, but thanks to Gay's last-second shot and the extra possessions from those offensive rebounds, it was enough. TURNING POINT:  The turning point in this one wasn't a turning point at all, but rather a fourth quarter where the Grizzlies were eventually able to outlast Toronto. While the Raptors came back from 12 down to briefly take the lead with just under four minutes remaining, the teams would trade baskets and still be tied with 18.9 seconds to go after a tough drive and layup by  Jerryd Bayless . For the Grizzlies' final possession of the game, they went to Gay and he responded, nailing a beautiful fadeaway with 0.8 remaining on the clock. QUOTABLE II:  "With so much time on the clock, I knew I was going to give it to him to go get us a shot. He's the one guy on our team that can get a shot, make the shot but also get a really good shot. I thought about throwing the ball in the post but I knew they were just going to come and double and collapse. I figured if I wanted one guy to take the shot, it would be Rudy."   - -  Lionel Hollins  on the final play of the game. HOT:  While Randolph didn't have a great night from the floor, shooting just 8-for-24, he still finished with 17 points and 12 rebounds, good for his 11th straight double-double. For the Raptors, Bayless started in place of  Jose Calderon  (out with flu-like symptoms), and finished just two rebounds shy of a triple-double. Bayless scored 15 points and dished a career-high 11 assists to go with a career-high eight rebounds. NOT:   Sundiata Gaines  was re-signed to his second 10-day contract with the Raptors just hours before the game against the Grizzlies and he had not been with the team during the morning shootaround. Gaines hustled in his 16 minutes of burn, but shot just 3-for-10 from the floor. NOTABLE:  Shorthanded doesn't begin to describe the Raptors bench on Monday night. Out of a 15-man roster, Toronto had nine players in uniform, including  Sonny Weems  who dressed for just the second time in 19 games and just hours after coach  Jay Triano  said he was not ready to play during morning shootaround. Of the nine players dressed and available to play, six had D-League experience. Raptors' rookie  Ed Davis  set a career-high with five blocked shots.  O.J. Mayo  scored 15 points off of the bench for the Grizzlies. On January 15th, 2010, the Raptors became the first team in NBA history to make a 3-point field goal in 900 consecutive games. Tonight, the Raptors 3-point streak finally came to an end at 986 games with the team going 0-for-12 from deep against the Grizzlies. UP NEXT:  For the Grizzlies, Wednesday @ New Jersey, Friday @ Philadelphia and Saturday vs.Washington. For the Raptors, Wednesday vs. Philadelphia, Friday vs. Milwaukee and Saturday @ Minnesota.  