  Knicks-Sixers notebook   By Andy Jasner, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday April 6, 2011 11:09PM THE FACTS:  The New York Knicks sure picked the right time to peak. Paced by  Carmelo Anthony's  31 points along with 18 points from  Amare Stoudemire , the Knicks ousted the Philadelphia 76ers 97-92 on Wednesday. It was the fifth straight win for the Knicks (40-38), who passed the Sixers and moved a half-game ahead into the sixth spot in the Eastern Conference playoff race. Thaddeus Young  led the Sixers (40-39) with 25 points off the bench while  Elton Brand  scored 24 points and grabbed nine rebounds. The Sixers dropped their third game in a row for the first time since Nov. 23-26. QUOTABLE:  "As soon as I let it go, it felt good."   -- Anthony on his 3-pointer with 11.8 seconds remaining to give the Knicks a 95-91 lead. THE STAT:  The Sixers shot just 2-for-18 from 3-point territory. They missed their first 13 attempts before  Jrue Holiday  connected with 8:06 left. TURNING POINT:  After the Sixers appeared to have taken back the momentum with an 88-87 lead late in the fourth, the Knicks responded with a huge 3-pointer by  Toney Douglas.  Then with 42.4 seconds left, Douglas knocked down a pair of free throws for a 92-88 advantage. Anthony made the big shot at the end, but Douglas' play helped guide the Knicks to this road victory. HOT:  Anthony was 12-for-23, including 5-for-8 from 3-point territory. NOT:   Jodie Meeks  scored nine points but shot 2-for-11, including 0-for-8 from beyond the arc. QUOTABLE II:  "We're playing well going into the postseason. This is a big game for us."   -- Stoudemire on the win. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Stoudemire added seven assists, six rebounds and three blocked shots to his 18-point effort. It was quite an all-around performance. INSIDE THE ARENA:  It was evident from the opening tip what type of atmosphere there would be for this Knicks-76ers matchup. There was quite a large contingent of Knicks fans scattered throughout the Wells Fargo Center. Overall, the crowd was loud and stayed that way all night because of the rooting interest in both teams. It made for an interesting scene. QUOTABLE III:  "We were 2-for-18 from three. You make a couple of shots, you win the game."   -- Sixers coach  Doug Collins GOOD MOVE:  Collins stuck with Young in the fourth quarter. Smart move. Young gave the Sixers a boost of energy and nearly helped them rally for the win. Young had 15 points in the second half. BAD MOVE:  The Sixers gave Anthony way too much space on his 3-pointer down the stretch. It might have been wiser to force him to the basket. ROOKIE WATCH:   Evan Turner , the Sixers' No. 2 overall pick from Ohio State finished with four points and seven rebounds in 21 minutes.  Landry Fields  had six points and two rebounds in 25 minutes for the Knicks. NOTABLE : Knicks guard  Chauncey Billups  got tangled up with Brand with 5:52 remaining in the third quarter and stayed on the floor for a couple of minutes. After a brief return to the game, Billups left with a right thigh contusion and never returned. ... Stoudemire said after the game that he sprained an ankle, but doesn't expect to miss any upcoming games. NEXT:  For the Knicks, Friday @ New Jersey, Sunday @ Indiana, Tuesday vs. Chicago, Wednesday @ Boston. For the Sixers, Friday vs. Toronto, Monday vs. Orlando, Wednesday vs. Detroit.  