  Celtics-Timberwolves notebook   By Jim Beilby, for NBA.com Posted Sunday March 27, 2011 11:12PM THE FACTS:  After losing their last game at home to the Charlotte Bobcats, the Boston Celtics didn't want to start a four game road trip with another loss to a team with a losing record. But, despite building a 20-point first quarter lead, it took some big shots and big stops in the final three-and-a-half minutes of the game for the Celtics to defeat the lowly Minnesota Timberwolves, 85-82. With the victory, Boston has now defeated Minnesota nine straight times. More importantly, Boston avoided what would have been their first three game losing streak. QUOTABLE:  "I thought we have a terrific first quarter. The ball was hopping, we kept the game simple, and then I thought we started over-thinking ourselves out on the floor. I didn't like our third quarter defense. I think we gave up 28 points and our number is 22. Never over 22. So that bothered me. Other than that, we'll take the win."  --  Boston head coach  Doc Rivers. THE STAT:  In the first three quarters,  Paul Pierce  had 11 points on 3-for-9 shooting. He doubled that in the final quarter, scoring twelve points and making all five of his free throws. TURNING POINT:  After a 21-7 run by Wolves in the third quarter to retake the lead, the game remained close until Pierce retook the lead for the Celtics, 75-73, with a three-point play with 3:26 in the game. And then, on the four of the next five possessions, Pierce and  Kevin Garnett  made big shots and built a five point lead with 20 seconds to play. HOT:  In his last two games, Minnesota forward  Anthony Randolph  has averaged 27.5 points per game and 13.0 rebounds per game, including a career-high 31 points against Dallas on Thursday. He has scored in double figures in each of his last five games. NOT:  In tonight's game, Randolph scored three points on 0-for-5 shooting and he had four fouls and three turnovers. Evidently Doc Rivers' plan to halt Randolph's hot streak worked: "No deep post and make him put it on the floor to score." INSIDE THE ARENA:  The Target Center audience had significantly more people wearing Celtic green and white than the Timberwolves colors. And at many times during the game the fans cheering for the visiting Celtics were louder than the fans cheering for Wolves. NOTABLE:  Minnesota is seeking the cement it's reputation as Winter sports purgatory. The four big Minnesota winter sports teams (Wolves, Wild, Gophers' basketball, and Gophers' hockey) have combined for a 22-game losing streak (seven for Wolves, eight for Wild, five for Gophers' basketball, and two for Gophers' hockey). The last victory by a major Minnesota sports team was by the Timberwolves who defeated the Utah Jazz on March 11, 122-101. UP NEXT:  For the Wolves, Wednesday vs. Chicago, Friday vs. Miami, Saturday @ Memphis. For the Celtics, Monday @ Indiana, Thursday @ San Antonio, Friday @ Atlanta.  