  Notebook: Grizzlies 108, Hornets 99   By Marlon W. Morgan, for NBA.com Posted Saturday January 14, 2012 11:45PM THE FACTS:  Memphis Grizzlies center  Marc Gasol  continued his stellar start to the season, picking up his third straight double-double and fourth in his last four games as the Grizzlies defeated New Orleans, 108-99, Saturday night. Gasol scored 20 points and had 11 rebounds to go along with three assists. QUOTABLE:  "I think Marc (Gasol) is deserving of having All-Star consideration. Whether it happens or not, I don't know. It's a great honor to be on the All-Star team. He's played to that level against everybody. He's been a warrior."   --  Grizzlies coach  Lionel Hollins . THE STAT:  Reserve guard  Greivis Vasquez , who was traded to New Orleans by Memphis Dec. 24 for forward Quincy Pondexter, looked forward to showing the Grizzlies what they were missing. After a tentative start, Vasquez was on the floor when the Hornets made a fourth quarter run. He finished with 14 points, six assists and three rebounds against his former teammates. TURNING POINT:  The Grizzlies were on the verge of running the Hornets out of FedExForum in the third quarter when an 11-3 run gave them an 82-65 cushion. But New Orleans coach  Monty Williams  went with four reserves and starter  Jarrett Jack  and the Hornets battled back to pull to within 93-91 with 7:42 to go before the Grizzlies finally closed the game out. HOT:  New Orleans center  Jason Smith  made the most of his season-high 26 minutes with 15 points and a season-high 10 rebounds as he helped get the Hornets back in the game in the second half. He was one point shy of his season high of 16 at Utah Jan. 2. NOT:  The Hornets front line of  Emeka Okafor  and  Chris Kaman  totaled just 13 points and nine rebounds, while Smith and  Gustavo Ayon  came in and combined for 24 points and 17 boards. QUOTABLE II:  "I thought they did a good job of taking our bigs out. At the same time, I thought that (Ayon) and Jason came in and gave us what our starting bigs couldn't. We didn't play as well from our starting unit."   --  New Orleans coach Monty Williams. NOTABLE:  The Grizzlies have won back-to-back games for just the second time this season as they improved to 5-6. They cap off their four-game homestand Monday against the Chicago Bulls in their annual  Martin Luther King, Jr . Day Game. ... Jack was a tough guard for the Grizzlies, finishing with 23 points on 8 of 14 shooting. But he also had a difficult time keeping up with Grizzlies guard  Mike Conley , who had a season-high 17 points and seven assists. ... The Grizzlies, one of the league's worst free throw shooting teams at 69.7 percent, made 80.5 percent (33 of 41) of their attempts Saturday. ... Ayon had career highs in points (nine), assists (5) and blocked shots (two). UP NEXT:  For the Hornets, Monday vs. Portland, Wednesday vs. Memphis, Thursday at Houston. For the Grizzlies, Monday vs. Chicago, Wednesday at New Orleans, Friday at Detroit.  