  Knicks-Pacers notebook   By Mike Vorkunov, for NBA.com Posted Sunday January 2, 2011 4:49PM THE FACTS:  There was no New Years hangover for the New York Knicks as they defeated the Indiana Pacers 98-92 at Madison Square Garden.  Amar'e Stoudemire  took control in the fourth quarter, on the way to a game-high 26 points. All five Knicks starters scored in double-digits, as did  Toney Douglas  off the bench.  Danny Granger  led the Pacers with 25 points and  Darren Collison  scored 22 points. QUOTABLE:  "Bad defense on my part. I got beat a couple of times."   --  Ronny Turiaf  on what he did to tie a career-high with six blocked shots. THE STAT:  Stoudemire has turned into a closer for the Knicks. He leads all NBA players with 7.3 points-per-game in the fourth quarter. He scored nine points today in the fourth quarter to finish off the Pacers, including six of the last seven Knicks points of the game. TURNING POINT:  With the Knicks holding a narrow 91-90 lead, Stoudemire made a strong move along the baseline and finished to give New York a 93-90 lead with 2:43 remaining. He then scored his team's next two baskets to close out the win for the Knicks. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Granger had a banner day at the Garden. In addition to his 25 points, he grabbed a career-high 17 rebounds. He is averaging 5.5 rebounds per game this season but in his last three games he has grabbed a total of 29 boards. He has also gone to the offensive boards harder, as he had seven offensive rebounds against the Knicks. NOT: Raymond Felton  has been quiet after arguably out-playing  Derrick Rose  in the Knicks' Christmas Day win over the Bulls. In that game he had 20 points and 12 assists, but in the three games since, he has averaged just 13.7 points-per-game and accumulated 13 assists total. He struggled against the Pacers, scoring 14 points but dishing out just two assists while turning the ball over five times. NOTABLE:   Danilo Gallinari  scored 19 points in 29 minutes before he left with an injury in the fourth quarter. He sprained his left knee and did not return. Gallinari will have an MRI tomorrow but there is no timetable set for his return yet. UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Tuesday vs. San Antonio, Friday @ Phoenix, Sunday @ Los Angeles Lakers. For the Pacers, Friday vs. San Antonio, Saturday @ Atlanta, Tuesday @ Philadelphia.  