Notebook: Nuggets 102, Pelicans 93 
 
 
 Michael Kelly, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Mon Dec 16, 2013 2:29 AM - Updated Mon Dec 16, 2013 2:29 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  Denver's 5-foot-9 guard  Nate Robinson  had two blocked shots, one short of his career high. They were his first two blocks of the season. 
 
 THE LEAD: J.J. Hickson  scored 19 points and grabbed 11 rebounds,  Wilson Chandler  also scored 19 points and the Denver Nuggets used a strong third quarter to pull away from the New Orleans Pelicans 102-93 on Sunday night. 
 Robinson had 14 points off the bench for Denver, which had five players score at least 12 points. 
 
 Ryan Anderson  led New Orleans with a game-high 26 points and  Austin Rivers  chipped in with a season-high 17 for the Pelicans. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I got my  Dikembe Mutombo  and  Shaquille O'Neal  old-school swag. Tell them guys watch out, I'm blocking shots. I just try to take pride in my defense. Tonight I got two good blocks and hopefully I'll get two more."  
 -- Nate Robinson 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The teams had identical shooting nights from the field (37-for-85) and 3-point range (7-for-24), but Denver held a 21-12 advantage in made free throws. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The game was close in the third when the Nuggets clamped down on defense to pull away. They forced New Orleans to miss seven straight shots and turned them over twice during an 8-0 run that made it 71-62. The Pelicans didn't get closer than six the rest of the way. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We just got outworked tonight. We were minus-20 on the boards. Anytime you do that against a team on their home floor you're going to find yourself in a tough spot. They had 19 turnovers and we didn't take advantage because we gave them so many extra possessions."  
 -- New Orleans coach  Monty Williams 
 
 
 HOT:  Hickson was a big reason Denver pulled away in the second half. He hit all four of his shots, had seven rebounds and played solid defense in the middle. He finished the night with two steals and two assists. 
 
 NOT:  The Pelicans were off in the second half. They shot 37 percent and missed several open jumpers that allowed the Nuggets to get out on the break.  
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "Those are all shots we can make. It happens in games. The challenge was when you miss shots like that you give up fast-break opportunities. We had a cold stretch that hurt us but it still means we have to run back and play defense. We didn't have it in the second half."  
 -- Ryan Anderson 
 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  The Nuggets celebrated the birthday of their mascot,  Rocky , by inviting several other mascots to perform during the game. The Denver Broncos' representative got the biggest ovation. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Concerned about poor starts, Nuggets coach  Brian Shaw  called a timeout after New Orleans jumped out to an 8-0 lead in the first 2:08 of the game. Denver came out of the huddle and outscored the Pelicans 16-5 to get right back in it. 
 
 QUOTABLE IV:  "I felt like we were in control the whole time, I just wanted our guys to relax." 
 -- Brian Shaw 
 
 
 BAD MOVE:  The Pelicans had a chance to get some separation heading into halftime but they missed two shots in the final 30 seconds and then allowed  Randy Foye  to hit a 3-pointer from the corner as the shot clock expired to tie the game at 52 heading into intermission. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Denver outrebounded New Orleans 51-32 and 15-9 on the offensive glass. ... Hickson recorded his sixth double-double of the season. ... Pelicans guard  Tyreke Evans  did not dress after aggravating his sprained left ankle Friday. ... Chandler is averaging 17.7 points and 6.7 rebounds over the last three games. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Pelicans, Tuesday @ Golden State, Wednesday @ L.A. Clippers, Saturday @ Portland. For the Nuggets, Tuesday vs. Oklahoma City, Friday vs. Phoenix, Saturday @ L.A. Clippers. 
