Notebook: Suns 116, Kings 107 
 
 
 Mike Tulumello, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Dec 14, 2013 12:42 AM - Updated Sat Dec 14, 2013 12:42 AM 
 
 THE FACT: Rudy Gay  has the rare distinction of having played two straight games on the same court for two different visiting teams. His last game for the Raptors was against the Suns in Phoenix last Friday. 
 
 THE LEAD:  The Phoenix Suns' dual-point guard experiment continues to be a smash hit.  
 Just check out the standings after their 116-107 win Friday night over the visiting Sacramento Kings. With  Goran Dragic  and  Eric Bledsoe  combining for 57 points, the Suns -- widely regarded as the Western Conference's worst team entering the season -- won their fourth straight to move to 13-9. 
 The Kings dropped to 6-15. 
 Dragic scored 29, three short of his career high, and Bledsoe added a career-high 28.  
 "I think they trust each other," Suns coach  Jeff Hornacek  said. "It's great to see those guys working together and to be able to play them together." 
 "Every game is better," Dragic said. "We have a good feeling about each other." 
 
 Miles Plumlee , who put on a leaping and dunking exhibition, had 12 points, nine boards, a career-high four steals and three blocks for the Suns. 
 "Plumlee outworked us," Kings coach  Michael Malone  said. 
 For the Kings,  Isaiah Thomas  scored 29 while Gay had 24 points in his Kings' debut.  
 The Kings had beaten the Suns on back-to-back nights in November, but the Suns were missing Bledsoe in those games. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We're filling in the blanks as we go."  --  Bledsoe on the evolving relationship with Dragic  
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Suns hit 12-for-24 on 3-pointers.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  Plumlee blocked  DeMarcus Cousins'  break-away layup from behind early in the third quarter, with the ball bouncing off the board to near halfcourt. The spectacular block set up a Bledsoe hoop that was the key to a 19-4 Suns' run to start the second half. That turned a 61-58 halftime deficit into a 77-65 lead. "To Miles' credit, he didn't quit (on the play)," Hornacek said. "He timed it perfectly." 
 Plumlee later put on a dunk-fest that once again brought fans to their feet.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I don't know if the guys in the league know that he can jump. But we know."  --  Dragic on Plumlee 
 
 
 HOT:  Dragic and Bledsoe combined to shoot 21-for-30. 
 
 NOT:  Cousins, hounded by Plumlee, shot 5-for-16. "He was unbelievable," Bledsoe said of Plumlee. "DeMarcus is tough for anybody, and Miles held his own." 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Playing Dragic and Bledsoe together. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  The Kings started Gay at the small forward and  Jason Thompson  at the four, with  Derric k  Williams  (who had started the previous seven games) coming off the bench to replace Thompson. This didn't work, as the Suns blitzed the Kings 13-2 to start the game and 14-4 to start the second half with this group (the second half run eventually reached 19-4) The Kings fared better with Williams. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH : The Kings'  Ben McLemore  shot 1-for-6 for four points. He had three turnovers and one assist. 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT: Gerald Green , the Suns' sixth man and designated gunner, is in a down cycle. Over his past five games, he's shot 10-for-36 for 33 points. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Through Friday's game, Bledsoe is averaging 19.2 points and 6.3 assists while Dragic is averaging 19.0 points and 6.2 assists. The last teammates to average more than 18 points and six assists over an entire season were  Michael Jordan  (30.1, 6.1) and  Scottie Pippen  (21.0, 7.0) in the 1991-92 season...The Suns are now No. 7 in the crowded West playoff picture.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Kings, Sunday vs. Houston, Tuesday @ Charlotte, Wednesday @ Atlanta. For the Suns, Sunday, vs. Golden State, Wednesday vs. San Antonio and Friday @ Denver. 
