  Hornets-Sixers notebook    By Mike Radano, for NBA.com  Posted Sunday December 12, 2010 9:16PM THE FACTS :  Lou Williams  scored a team-high 17 points off the bench and  Andre Iguodala  had ten rebounds to go with 16 points at the Sixers beat the Hornets 88-70 at The Wells Fargo Center on Sunday afternoon. The win was the sixth out of the last seven home games for the Sixers who will travel to play New Jersey on Tuesday before visits from both the Los Angeles Clippers and Lakers before embarking on an eight-game road trip into the New Year. The Sixers (8-15) eased out to a 45-23 halftime lead as the Hornets (14-9) struggled to find any consistency on the offensive end of the floor. Chris Paul  led the Hornets with a game-high 25 points and was the only member of the team to scored in double figures. QUOTABLE : "It's a mixture of us recognizing that they're struggling on the offensive end and being aggressive as well and not allowing them to get into a rhythm. You can't allow them to get back in the game."    -Williams on the Sixers mindset early in the game as the Hornets struggled to do much of anything offensively. THE STAT:  The Sixers held New Orleans to just 6-for-42 (14.3 percent) shooting from the field in the first half. The Hornets made just one field goal in the second quarter. TURNING POINT:  The Sixers held a 19-12 lead after Hornets guard Marcus Thornton hit's a 17-foot jump shot with 1:21 left in the first quarter. The Hornets did not get another field goal until Paul hit a a 16-footer with 5:07 left in the half. During that 8:14 drought for the Hornets, the Sixers built a 36-16 lead and never looked back. QUOTABLE II:  "I told the guys we have a heck of a week ahead of us and we had to get started today. We did and we needed a game like this."    -Sixers head coach  Doug Collins  on his teams overall effort against the Hornets. HOT:  Iguodala's 16 points and 10 rebounds gave him consecutive double-doubles and fourth of the season. He had 11 double-doubles a season ago. NOT:   Trevor Ariza  and  David West  combined to shoot 4-for-21 from the field and just 14 points. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:   Elton Brand  scored 15 points and pulled down 13 rebounds in the win. ROOKIE WATCH:  Sixers No.1 pick Evan Turner played 21:08 and scored seven points in the win. Turner's times has been reduced during this recent home stand as the Sixers and Collins tried to pick up some very important wins and in turn, the Sixers coach has shortened his bench to seven players. Collins remains optimistic about his rookies future and noted Turner had a very good practice on Saturday. QUOTABLE III:  "He's shown that he's going to fight for us but we've got to return the favor and fight for ourselves."   -    Paul on Hornets head coach  Monty Williams , who picked up a technical with just over two minutes to play in the third quarter. NOTABLE:  The Sixers have now won three straight against the Hornets for the first time since 1999 . . . The Sixers have won 5-of-7 . . . Seven of the Sixers eight wins have been by double-digits this season . . . The 70 point scored by the Hornets was a season low . . . The Hornets shot just 14.3 from the field in the first half, which is a franchise low for any half . . . The hornets had a franchise low four assists. UP NEXT:  For the Hornets, Monday @ Miami, Wednesday vs. Sacramento, Friday vs. Utah, December 19 @ Detroit, December 20 @ Indiana. For the Sixers, Tuesday @ New Jersey, Wednesday vs. L.A. Clippers, Friday vs. L.A. Lakers, Saturday @ Orlando, and December 21 @ Chicago.  