  Raptors-Clippers notebook   By Holly J. MacKenzie, for NBA.com Posted Sunday February 13, 2011 10:28PM THE FACTS:  On Sunday evening the Toronto Raptors defeated the Los Angeles Clippers, 98-93 in front of a sold-out Air Canada Centre crowd. While people were on hand to see rookie sensation  Blake Griffin , it was their Raptors who had them cheering as six players reaching double figures. Led by  Andrea Bargnani's  27 points, the Raptors held off the Clippers down the stretch as they picked up their 15th victory of the season. Griffin led the Clippers with 21 points and 15 rebounds. QUOTABLE:  "I wish we could play a big game every night. It seems like every time we play a team with a superstar or a lot of hype around them we definitely step up and we did tonight."   -  DeMar DeRozan  on getting fired up to play against Blake Griffin. THE STAT:  After struggling from the floor in the opening quarter, Bargnani's offensive game picked up as the game wore on. Scoring nine points in the first half on 3-for-9 shooting, Bargnani scored 18 points in the second half to finish with a game-high 27 points to go with six rebounds and two assists. TURNING POINT : With eight minutes remaining in the third quarter,  Vinny Del Negro  picked up a technical foul for arguing with an official about a call.  Jose Calderon  hit a technical free throw to put the Raptors up by three and then  Baron Davis  picked up a technical, just 13 seconds after Del Negro's. While the Raptors did not run away with the game following the two technical fouls, momentum shifted towards the Raptors and Del Negro sat Davis for the rest of the third quarter. With Davis on the bench, the Raptors pushed their lead to seven going into the fourth. The final quarter was tightly contested, but after  DeAndre Jordan  fouled Bargnani on a made bank shot and Bargnani completed the 3-point play with less than four minutes remaining, the ACC crowd rejoiced, the Clippers wore expressions of defeat and the Raptors got the win. QUOTABLE II:  "He's coming along. He's learning every day. The fact that they've got me,  [Alex] English , Andrea [Bargnani],  Reggie [Evans ] in his ear every day, just telling him all of the stuff we know, and he actually listens and uses it."   -  Amir Johnson  on the growth of rookie  Ed Davis. HOT:   Brian Cook  was solid for the Clippers in the loss. The reserve scored a season-high 17 points on 6-for-11 shooting in his 24 minutes off of the bench. He also grabbed six rebounds and hit three of his five 3-point field goal attempts. NOT:   Randy Foye  struggled against the Raptors, scoring five points in his 37 minutes, shooting just 2-for-14 from the floor. Foye was coming off of an emotional Saturday evening where Villanova retired his jersey. Foye joined the team in Toronto on Sunday morning, but forgot to bring his shot with him. INSIDE THE ARENA:  The game on Sunday marked the 500th regular season game played at the Air Canada Centre. The first game at the ACC was February 21st, 1999 against the Vancouver Grizzlies. ROOKIE WATCH:  While Blake Griffin was the rookie everyone had their eyes on, he wasn't the only first-year player putting on a show. Griffin finished with 21 points and 15 rebounds on 7-for-13 shooting, recording his 45th double-double of the season. Raptors rookie  Ed Davis  logged a solid night's work as well. Davis finished with 13 points on 6-for-8 shooting, while grabbing a career-high 14 rebounds to go with an assist a steal and three blocked shots. NOTABLE:  Both Griffin and DeRozan will take part in the NBA Dunk Contest on All-Star Saturday night and both players had memorable highlight reel slams in the game on Sunday. DeRozan said he got his four dunks picked out for the contest and that close friend  Dwight Howard  recently exchanged ideas with him. DeRozan also emphatically said he will not be going the Dwight route with any Superman costumes.  