  Wolves-Nuggets notebook   By Michael Kelly, for NBA.com Posted Sunday December 19, 2010 12:57AM THE FACTS: Kevin Love  had a career-high 43 points and had 17 rebounds but it wasn't enough against the Denver Nuggets, who survived a fourth-quarter rally to beat the Minnesota Timberwolves 115-113 on Saturday.  Carmelo Anthony  had 24 points to lead the Nuggets. QUOTABLE:  "I got into a pretty good rhythm, especially from the 3-point line. I felt really good out there. I was upset I missed some free throws."    -- Love on his career night.   THE STAT:  Love was deadly from long range, going 5-for-5 from 3-point range, tying his career high set Dec. 4 against Cleveland. TURNING POINT:  Minnesota had clawed back from 20 down to pull within six. They had a chance to cut it to four when Love grabbed an offensive rebound, but Anthony blocked the shot and  J.R. Smith  hit a 3-pointer to give Denver a 115-106 lead with 1:12 left. HOT:  Love continues to have a strong season scoring and on the boards. Saturday was his 14th straight double-double and seven of his 17 rebounds were on the offensive glass. QUOTABLE II:  "He attacked the offensive glass every time. For some reason he always seemed to get his hands on the basketball. I can see why, when I look at the stat sheet on numerous nights, he has 20 and 20.    -- Anthony, on Love's play. NOT : Nene has played strong of late but for the second straight game he fouled out after scoring just six points. INSIDE THE ARENA : Colorado Rockies centerfielder Dexter Fowler was hanging out in the Nuggets locker room after the game. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Ty Lawson would have been a good fill-in at point guard this week. In his third start for Chauncey Billups the second-year guard had 23 points and tied a career-high with nine assists. BAD MOVE:  Down two with 27.3 seconds left, the Timberwolves elected not to foul and the Nuggets ran the clock down. Anthony threw up a shot just before the shot clock expired and Denver was able to run out the clock to win it ROOKIE WATCH:  Minnesota's  Wesley Johnson  had 12 points and pulled down three rebounds in 23 minutes. NOTABLE:  Love finished one rebound shy of a double-double in the first half. UP NEXT:  For the Timberwolves, Monday @ L.A. Clippers, Tuesday vs. Utah, Sunday, Dec. 26, @ Cleveland. For the Nuggets, Wednesday @ San Antonio, Saturday @ Oklahoma City, Sunday, Dec. 26, vs. Philadelphia.  