  Notebook: Bulls 99, Hornets 95 Posted Tuesday February 28, 2012 11:14PM By Kent McDill, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The Chicago Bulls survived a strong effort by visiting New Orleans Tuesday to record a 99-95 victory to start the unofficial second half of the season. The Bulls led by 10 points in the first quarter but trailed at halftime, then led by 11 points in the fourth quarter but trailed by four points with 1:26 remaining. The Bulls scored the game's last eight points as the Hornets missed their last three shots and had two turnovers in the final 90 seconds.  Derrick Rose  led the Bulls with 32 points, while  Chris Kaman  had 17 points for the Hornets. THE FACTS II:  The Hornets have three key players out due to injury, but their second-string outscored the Bulls' heralded bench (called the Bench Mob) 39-19.  Xavier Henry  led the Hornets second string with 12 points. QUOTABLE:  "Derrick Rose had to play 41 minutes to beat us."   --  New Orleans head coach  Monty Williams . THE STAT:  The Hornets outscored the Bulls from 3-point range 12-9 and outscored the Bulls from the free throw line 19-14 but the Bulls scored 60 points in the paint. THE STAT II:  The Bulls had two double-doubles, as  Luol Deng  scored 14 points with 11 rebounds and  Joakim Noah  had 15 points and 16 rebounds. Rose fell one assist shy of his own double-double. TURNING POINT:  After Bulls come back from a four-point deficit to tie the game at 95, Bulls forward  Taj Gibson  recorded his fifth blocked shot of the game on a drive by  Gustavo Ayon  with 52 seconds remaining. INJURY UPDATE:  Bulls guard  Richard Hamilton  returned after missing 12 straight games due to a sore right thigh and played almost 17 minutes, scoring five points with five assists. Bulls guard  C.J. Watson  returned from a concussion and played seven minutes. Hornets forwards  Carl Landry  (MCL sprain) and  Jason Smith  (concussion) remain out but could be back by the weekend. HOT:  Noah's numbers have been on the rise, thanks in part to his triple-double in the last game before the break. He is averaging 13 rebounds a game over his last six. QUOTABLE II:  "Derrick figures out what you need, whether it is playmaking or scoring."   --  Bulls head coach  Tom Thibodeau  on Rose, who had 13 fourth-quarter points. NOTABLE:  When the Bulls conclude their three-game road trip Sunday, they will not play more than two consecutive games on the road the rest of the season. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, @ Spurs Wednesday, @ Cavaliers Friday, @ 76ers Sunday. For the Hornets, vs. Raptors Wednesday, vs. Mavericks Friday, vs. Pacers Saturday.  