
 Rockets-Sixers notebook   By Andy Jasner, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday March 30, 2011 10:52PM THE FACTS:   Jrue Holiday  scored 24 points and added 12 assists while  Thaddeus Young  contributed 22 points off the bench in the 76ers' 108-97 victory over the Houston Rockets on Wednesday. The Sixers cut their magic number to one in their quest for a berth in the playoffs.  Lou Williams  also had 15 points, five assists and four rebounds for the Sixers. Kyle Lowry  paced the Rockets with 19 points,  Kevin Martin  scored 18 points and  Luis Scola  had 17. But the Rockets couldn't come up with a much-needed road victory. They entered the game trailing the Memphis Grizzlies by two games for the eighth and final playoff spot in the Western Conference. QUOTABLE:  "We're one step closer. We really wanted to get this win. That's the goal to keep getting better from here on out."   -- Sixers forward  Elton Brand THE STAT:  The Sixers shot 54 percent from the field. Why is that significant? Well, the Sixers are 17-4 when shooting 50 percent or better this season. TURNING POINT:  The Sixers led 84-82 after the third quarter, but broke the game open thanks to some crisp offense and stingy defense. Philadelphia held the Rockets without a field goal for more than five minutes. The lead eventually swelled to 100-90 with 3:15 remaining and the Sixers cruised to the victory. HOT:  Young was terrific with an 11-for-19 performance from the field. Not only was he driving to the basket, but he was also knocking down the mid-range jumpers. If Young can do that on a consistent basis, he'll be even more dangerous. NOT:   Chase Budinger  struggled to find his rhythm in missing 10 of his 14 shots. He was very active yet couldn't get going offensively. QUOTABLE II:  "I see greatness in this young kid. I'm thrilled at Jrue's growth."   -- Sixers coach  Doug Collins  on Holiday FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:   Andre Iguodala  had nine points, 10 assists and eight rebounds in nearly 37 minutes. INSIDE THE ARENA:  The fans were buzzing at the Wells Fargo Center, especially in crunch time. They can sense this run for the playoffs. Sixers owner Ed Snider took in the action from his usual front-row seat. QUOTABLE III:  "I think so, because you lose and then you're hoping other teams lose. We've just got seven more games left and have to make the best out of it."   -- Kevin Martin on the loss GOOD MOVE:  Collins gave Iguodala some much-needed rest with a lengthy break in the fourth quarter. Iguodala is still clearly bothered by tendinitis in his right knee. The more rest he can get, the better off he'll be in this stretch drive toward the playoffs. BAD MOVE:  The Rockets could have gone inside more often to Scola, who hurt the Sixers with a variety of low-post moves. For some reason, they went away from him too often. ROOKIE WATCH:   Evan Turner , the Sixers' No. 2 overall pick from Ohio State did not play.  Patrick Patterson  was effective for the Rockets with eight points and five rebounds in 21 minutes off the bench. NOTABLE:  Young outscored the entire Rockets' bench 22-20. He also outscored the entire Bulls' bench 21-14 on March 28. The Sixers improved to 10-2 when Young scores 20 or more points. UP NEXT:  For the Rockets, Friday vs. San Antonio, Sunday vs. Atlanta, Tuesday vs. Sacramento. For the Sixers, Friday vs. New Jersey, Saturday @ Milwaukee, Tuesday @ Boston. 
