  Notebook: Celtics 100, Wolves 79 Posted Friday March 30, 2012 11:40PM By Jim Beilby, for NBA.com THE FACTS:   Doc Rivers  preaches defense to his Boston Celtics and his teams gave him exactly what he wanted on Friday night, smothering the Minnesota Timberwolves 100-79. Boston not only outplayed Minnesota in nearly every aspect of the game, they physically intimidated the Wolves and took them out of any rhythm for most of the night. With  Ray Allen  out for the fourth straight game with a bad ankle,  Kevin Garnett  scored 24, including 10 on key possession in the final quarter.  Rajon Rondo  only scored six points, which is right in line with his recent production -- he is only averaging 5.8 ppg over the last four games. But his focus on getting he teammates involved resulted in 17 assists. Rondo has recorded double-digit assists in the last 12 games, including tonight, the longest such streak in the league. QUOTABLE:  "Our defense is who we are ... it takes a ton of discipline to play this team, to take away all the back cuts. I thought our guys did a great job all night."   -- Rivers THE STAT:  The key stats all revolved around the defense of the Celtics. They held Minnesota to 34.7 percent shooting, 15 assists, and they forced 21 turnovers. Boston, on the other hand, shot 48.9%, accumulated 29 assists, and only had nine turnovers. TURNING POINT:  After trailing by as many as 16, Minnesota closed the gap to 10 points with 5:27 to play in the game.  Kevin Garnett  responded with back-to-back baskets, both over  Kevin Love , and then two possessions later, another basket with the shot clock running down, to give Boston a commanding 17 point lead with 1:29 to play. QUOTABLE II:  "You can definitely learn a lot from that team, how hard they play, their mode and how they approach the game at this point of the season. It just didn't seem, myself included, that we had our legs. We were getting good shots, but things just seemed to rattle out and not fall for us."   -- Love, who led the Wolves with 22 points and 11 rebounds, both well under his season averages. NOTABLE:  Boston has now won 10 straight against Minnesota. ... Minnesota started 5-for-7 from three, but then made only one of their next seventeen. ... The 21 point loss by Minnesota is their largest margin of defeat this season. ... Love leads the NBA in scoring (31.3 ppg), rebounding (14.1 rpg), and 3-points field goals made (46) for the month of March. No player in league history has ever led the league in a calender month in these three statistical areas. UP NEXT:  For the Wolves, Sunday @ Portland, Monday @ Sacramento, Wednesday vs. Golden State. For the Celtics, Sunday vs. Miami, Wednesday vs. San Antonio, Thursday @ Chicago.  