Notebook: Kings 112, Mavericks 97 
 
 
 James Ham, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Dec 10, 2013 2:19 AM - Updated Tue Dec 10, 2013 2:19 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  With newly acquired  Rudy Gay  looking on from the stands, the Sacramento Kings led by as many as 24 points on their way to a 112-97 victory over the Dallas Mavericks. 
 
 THE LEAD:  The short-handed Kings (6-13) jumped all over the Mavericks (13-9) coming out of halftime at Sleep Train Arena.  Playing with only 10 healthy bodies due to a major trade early in the day, coach  Michael Malone 's Kings ran the Mavs off the floor. 
 
 DeMarcus Cousins  established himself in the post early, leading the Kings with 32 points and 19 rebounds.   Derrick Williams  had a breakout game, scoring a career-high 31 points on 12-for-16 shooting in the win.   
 With  Greivis Vasquez  on his way to Toronto as part of the seven player deal with the Raptors,  Isaiah Thomas  received his first start of the season and didn't disappoint.  The NBA's leading bench scorer posted his first double-double of the season, dropping in 24 points and handing out a career-high in assists with 12. 
 
 Monta Ellis  led the way for Dallas, scoring a team-high 21 points in 34 minutes.   Dirk Nowitzki  added 18 points, seven assists and six rebounds. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "If he wants me to mop the floors after the game, I'm going to do that, too."  
 
 --Isaiah Thomas on coach Michael Malone starting him 
 
 
 THE STAT : Sacramento outscored the Dallas 23-5 in fast-break points.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Kings came out of the locker room at halftime ready to speed things up, and ran the veteran Mavericks into the ground in the second half.   
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "It's not hard to look at their situation and predict who's going to play. The problem is, you have their best players on the floor for longer periods of time.  In many ways, it's a harder game.  These situations take on weird personalities." 
 
 -- Mavs coach  Rick Carlisle  on the Kings roster   during pregame  
 
 
 HOT:  Williams was all over the court for the Kings tonight, scoring a career-high 31 points on 12-for-16 shooting from the field and 3-for-5 from long range. 
 
 QUOTABLE III : "I'm just glad I hit a 3-point shot.  I've really been struggling so far this season with my shot and it's good when you see your first couple go."  
 
 --Derrick Williams on his strong shooting night 
 
 
 NOT: Vince Carter  struggled off the Mavericks bench, scoring just seven points on 3-for-11 shooting and missing all four of his 3-point shots. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  With his bench either not playing well or on their way to the Raptors via trade, Malone let his starters run the show.  The first unit finished with 100 of the teams 112 points on the night.   
 
 BAD MOVE:  Carlisle and his veteran team had no answer for the speed of the Kings.  
 NOTABLE: Thomas set a new career-high in assists with 12.  ...Williams set a new career-high in points scored with 31.  ... Ray McCallum  scored his first career basket in the final minute of the game. ...Dallas set a new season-high in assists with 14.  Ellis scored 20 or more points for the 15th time this season. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Mavs, Wednesday @ Golden State, Saturday vs. Bucks, Wednesday vs. Memphis. For the Kings, Wednesday vs. Utah, Friday @ Phoenix, Sunday vs. Rockets.  
