  Mavericks-Bulls notebook   By Kent McDill, for NBA.com Posted Friday January 21, 2011 12:04AM THE FACTS:  With neither team shooting better than 37 percent, the host Chicago Bulls outlasted the Dallas Mavericks 82-77.  Derrick Rose  was the only Bull in double figures with 26 points but shot only 9-for-28.  Dirk Nowitzki , still seeming a bit hobbled from his recent knee injury, was 6-for-16 from the field for a team-high 19 points. The Bulls played their third consecutive game without forward  Carlos Boozer , who is out with an ankle injury. THE FACTS II:  The Bulls outrebounded the Mavericks 51-41, and got 17 offensive rebounds.  Kurt Thomas , starting at center in place of injured  Joakim Noah , had 11 rebounds and nine points, six in the fourth quarter. QUOTABLE:  "I don't care how much defense you play, at some point you have to put the ball in the basket."    -- Dallas guard  Jason Terry  on the Mavericks' poor shooting night THE STAT:  The Mavericks were shooting under 30 percent after one half, going 11-for-37 from the field. THE STAT II:  The Bulls got 30 points from their bench.  Kyle Korver  had nine points,  Ronnie Brewer  and  C.J. Watson  had eight, and  Omer Asik  had five points and seven rebounds. TURNING POINT:  When Terry, who has been a key fourth-quarter contributor for the Mavericks, missed a 3-pointer with 15 seconds left and the Bulls up by three, the Bulls got the rebound and were in command from there to the end. HOT:   Tyson Chandler  was the only Dallas player to shoot 50 percent or better, going 5-for-9 from the field for 12 points. He also had 12 rebounds and three blocked shots. NOT:  Bulls forward  Luol Deng , who ranks third in minutes played per game, appears to be tiring, and his shot shows it. He was 3-for-13 from the field, although he did provide 12 rebounds. QUOTABLE II:  "Derrick Rose is their team. I don't care who else they have on that roster. He took 28 shots tonight. Anybody who takes 28 shots, it's the Jordan rules."    -- Jason Terry  GOOD MOVE:  With the Bulls front line of  Taj Gibson , Deng and Thomas in foul trouble most of the night, Bulls coach  Tom Thibodeau  played Brewer and Watson with Rose for much of the second half. NOTABLE:  The Mavericks averaged 80 points in their two meetings with the Bulls this season. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, vs. Cleveland Saturday, vs. Milwaukee Monday, vs. Orlando Friday. For the Mavericks, @ New Jersey Saturday, vs. L.A. Clippers Tuesday, vs. Houston Thursday.  