  Notebook: Hornets 86, Jazz 80 Posted Monday February 13, 2012 11:45PM By Larry Holder, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Center  Chris Kaman  played his best game of the season after being questionable to play with an ankle injury with 27 points and 13 rebounds as the New Orleans Hornets defeated the Utah Jazz 86-80 on Monday night at the New Orleans Arena. The Hornets snapped an eight-game winning streak and a span of 23 losses in 25 games. QUOTABLE:  "Our guys continue to fight. They do it for each other. They do it for the fans. I just think they're a unit that's been through a lot and won't use any of that as an excuse. ... Chris Kaman was really huge tonight: his scoring, his rebounding, his leadership, his talking in the huddle. I've never seen him do that. It does feel good. The food is going to be better tonight. The flight is going to be shorter tomorrow."  --  Hornets head coach  Monty Williams  on picking up a rare win. THE STAT:  The Jazz came out flat and sloppy against the Hornets after playing a relatively clean and aggressive game one night earlier in Memphis. Utah committed 20 turnovers overall and nine turnovers in the third quarter alone. The Hornets outscored the Jazz 25-15 in the third quarter thanks to the turnovers. TURNING POINT:  New Orleans opened the second half on about as solid of a run as it has all season. The Hornets went on on 20-4 run, which included a 16-0 span, as the Hornets went from leading 41-38 to flying ahead 61-42 with 4:35 left in the third quarter. QUOTABLE II:  "It's absolutely (disappointing). It's everything I thought it wouldn't be, it happened tonight. We came out flat at the beginning of the ballgame. We turned the ball over in the first three possessions of the game. We relaxed. We thought we could just show up and win the ballgame."  --  Jazz head coach  Tyrone Corbin  on losing to the Hornets after winning at Memphis on Sunday. GOOD MOVE:  Corbin saw several of his frontline starters playing sluggishly in the third quarter and benched  Paul Millsap, Al Jefferson, Raja Bell  and  Devin Harris  for the entire fourth quarter. Utah didn't come from behind to win the game, but it sure made it close cutting the Hornets lead to 83-80 with less than a minute left in the fourth quarter. BAD MOVE:  It's more like bad news for the Hornets as the team announced following the win that guard  Eric Gordon  will have surgery on his injured right knee and will miss at least another six weeks. Gordon has played in only two games this season after being traded over from the Clippers in the  Chris Paul  trade in the preseason. General manager  Dell Demps  said the team had hoped rest and rehab would have healed Gordon's knee, but surgery is needed to fully resolve the injury. ROOKIE WATCH:  Hornets forward  Gustavo Ayon  continues to be a nice addition in New Orleans as he scored 13 points on 6 of 7 shooting and added nine rebounds. NOTABLE:  Forward  Carl Landry  (knee), forward  Jason Smith  (concussion), guard  Jarrett Jack  (knee) and center  Emeka Okafor  (knee) are out. Williams said during Monday's shootaround that Okafor injured his knee at some point during the last two days and had no specifics. It's the first game Okafor has missed all season. UP NEXT:  For the Jazz, Tuesday @ Oklahoma City, Friday vs. Washington, Sunday @ Houston. For the Hornets, Wednesday @ Milwaukee, Friday @ New York, Monday @ Oklahoma City.  