Notebook: Knicks 106, Magic 94 
 
 
 Adam Zagoria, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Mar 20, 2013 10:45 PM - Updated Wed Mar 20, 2013 10:45 PM 
 
 THE FACTS :  Carmelo Anthony  returned to the lineup after a three-game hiatus due to a knee ailment and notched 21 points and eight rebounds as the Knicks won their second straight, beating the Orlando Magic 106-94 Wednesday night at Madison Square Garden. 
 
 J.R. Smith  added 22 points off the bench on a night in which everything wasn't rosy for New York (40-26), though. The Knicks, who are already without four injured frontcourt players, got more bad injury news when  Iman Shumpert , who started at small forward, tweaked his surgically-repaired left knee and did not play the second half. He finished with seven points in 14 minutes. 
 The young Magic (18-51) feature four New York natives and several played well.  Tobias Harris  scored 14 points,  Kyle O'Quinn  had 12 points and 14 rebounds and  Moe Harkless  added 11 points and six boards. The Magic were without  Nikola Vucevic  (illness). 
 
 QUOTABLE : "It feels good [to have Anthony back]. "He's our leader and we need him. We're just waiting on a few more guys to get back and we'll be alright."  
 -- J.R. Smith in his on-court interview 
 
 THE STAT : The Knicks went 15-for-34 (44 percent) from the arc, with Anthony going 3-for-5. The Magic shot 5-for-17 (29 percent). 
 
 TURNING POINT : After Orlando closed to within 51-46 at the half, the Knicks outscored them 32-19 in the third to take a commanding 83-65 lead after three. Anthony and Smith scored seven points apiece in the third. 
 
 QUOTABLE II : "He could've played, but I elected to hold him until he's seen by the doctors tomorrow. I think he's gonna be OK."  
 -- Knicks coach  Mike Woodson  on Shumpert 
 
 HOT : In his first start at MSG for the Magic, Harris, a Long Island native, went for 14 points on 7-for-10 shooting. A second-year forward obtained from Milwaukee, Harris entered averaging 14.1 points and 9.0 rebounds in his last five starts for the Magic. 
 
 NOT :  Jameer Nelson  went 2-for-7 for six points for the Magic. 
 
 QUOTABLE III : "Keep attacking the basket. It's been working lately, and that's what I'm going to keep doing."  
 -- J.R. Smith 
 
 NOTABLE :  Tyson Chandler  remains out for what Woodson called "a few games" with a small bulging disc.  Amar'e Stoudemire  and  Rasheed Wallace  are down for extended periods with injuries, and  Kurt Thomas  is out 2-4 weeks with a stress reaction in his right foot. Without all those bigs, Woodson started  Kenyon Martin  alongside Anthony and Shumpert in the frontcourt, with  Pablo Prigioni  and  Raymond Felton  in the backcourt. The Knicks recently signed Martin for the rest of the season and Woodson said "Somebody would've picked him up for the playoff run. ... Kenyon's a nice piece so we just gotta keep him healthy so he can help us." Woodson said he and GM  Glen Grunwald  don't have any moves planned. "Our team as it stands today is what it is," he said. "We have to try to get Kurt and Rasheed back [for the playoffs]." 
 
 QUOTABLE IV:  "That's our goal [to win the division]. ... That's a goal we set at the beginning of the season at training camp and it's still there. As of right now we are still where we belong and we just have to take care of business down the stretch." 
 --Carmelo Anthony on the Knicks winning the Atlantic Division 
 
 QUOTABLE V : "I thought he was great. He only played 32 minutes. ... For him to play 32 and get 21 and eight and we win, I think it was positive night for him."  
 -- Mike Woodson on Anthony 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA : Knicks fan, actor and famed New Yorker John Leguizamo sat courtside. 
 
 UP NEXT : For the Knicks, Friday @ Toronto, Saturday vs. Toronto, Tuesday @ Boston. For the Magic, Friday vs. Oklahoma City, Monday vs. Miami, Wednesday @ Charlotte. 
