  Notebook: Mavericks 100, Magic 98 Posted Saturday March 31, 2012 12:42AM By Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com THE FACTS: Dirk Nowitzki 's 28 points included a 15-foot game-winning shot with 5.9 seconds left in the Dallas Mavericks' 100-98 victory over the Orlando Magic. Jason Terry  and  Delonte West  came off the Dallas bench to combine for 32 points (17 in the fourth quarter), plus nine rebounds, eight assists and three steals. Jameer Nelson  led Orlando with 24 points.  Ryan Anderson  added 21 points, but missed a layup at the final horn. The Magic led by as many as 15 points late in the third quarter. QUOTABLE:  "We had a chance to tie it and I blew it. Ultimately, we need to play the whole game. We've been talking about that the whole season practically, just playing a whole 48 minutes. They made a great run and we didn't have answers during that time."   -- Anderson THE STAT:  After 34 minutes the Magic had committed eight turnovers and had a 14-point lead. In the final 14 minutes they had eight more turnovers and the lead evaporated. TURNING POINT: Hedo Turkoglu  drove for a dunk that would have put the Magic up by three with 1:12 left, but  Ian Mahinmi  blocked it and West got the rebound. QUOTABLE II:  "You block and go down and score, that was huge. There was not one play in the last six minutes that was not a huge play. That's the kind of game it was."   -- Dallas coach  Rick Carlisle HOT:  After a broken finger limited him to a total of eight minutes in the preceding 22 games, West scored 15 points in 24 minutes for the Mavericks. "His energy, his toughness has been something we've missed. He came to play tonight and we needed him," said Terry. NOT: J.J. Redick  missed all six of his shots, including five 3-pointers, and committed three turnovers. GOOD MOVE:  The Mavericks put  Dwight Howard  at the free throw line 16 times. He provided nine misses, which stood out big in a two-point loss. NOTABLE:  After missing six games with a knee injury, Dallas center  Brendan Haywood  started and played almost 26 minutes . . . The Mavericks have won six straight times in Orlando and the Magic have won their last two in Dallas. UP NEXT:  For the Mavericks, Monday vs. L.A. Clippers, Wednesday vs. Memphis, Friday vs. Portland. For the Magic, Sunday vs. Denver, Tuesday @ Detroit, Thursday vs. New York.  