  Magic-Jazz notebook    By Andrew Aragon, for NBA.com Posted Saturday December 11, 2010 1:29AM THE FACTS: Deron Williams  scored 32 points and dished nine assists to lead the Utah Jazz to a 117-105 win over the Orlando Magic on Friday night.  C.J. M i les  came off the bench and poured in 26 points and Paul Millsap added 22 points as the Jazz wrapped up a six-game homestand. Utah went 4-2 during the long stint at home.   Jameer Nelson  had 19 points for the Magic, who lost their fourth straight game.    QUOTABLE:  "We had a guy (John Stockton) who did it before he got here. He did it a lot. Deron is playing terrific basketball is all I can say. I don't know where we'd be without him.    --Jazz coach  Jerry Sloan  on Williams making or assisting on every basket the Jazz made in the third quarter, and on his overall performance  THE STAT:  62.5. The Jazz scorched the nets with their 3-point shooting, making 62.5 percent (10-for-16) of their attempts. They were especially impressive from long range in the second half, as they hit 9 of 13 of their attempts.  TURNING POINT:  The Jazz put together two big runs in the third quarter to put the game away early. Utah scored 10 straight points to take a 71-63 lead as Williams scored eight of the points and assisted on a basket by Millsap. After Orlando got within four, the Jazz went on an 11-2 run to go up 82-69. Williams was again the catalyst for the spurt, as he scored five points and assisted on two other shots.  QUOTABLE II:  "Well, I mean look they killed us. Millsap in the first half, Deron Williams in the third quarter, C.J. Miles in the fourth quarter, I mean they dominated us. Deron Williams took a close game, took it over right away in the second half. He dominated us."    --Magic coach  Stan Van Gundy  on his team's night.  HOT:  Williams found his 3-point shot after struggling from long range (3-for-21) in Utah's last four games. He was 4-for-7 from 3-point range against the Magic. Miles scored 19 of his points in the second half and drained four 3-pointers. For Orlando,  Brandon Bass,  making his first start of the season, shot 8-for-11 and scored 18 points.  NOT:  The Magic went cold in the game's decisive third quarter. They shot 31.6 percent from the field with starters  Dwight Howard, Rashard Lewis  and Nelson combining to shoot 0-for-7.  FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  If owners used Bass as an emergency fill-in on Friday, the 6-foot-8 forward answered the call. He provided an excellent shooting percentage, eight more points than his average and a total of eight rebounds.  GOOD MOVE:  The Jazz played a lot of zone defense in the second half after allowing 57 points in the first two quarters when they couldn't cover Orlando man-to-man on a consistent basis. The move paid off magically, as Jazz defenders covered their spots, and didn't give Orlando many second shots.  BAD MOVE:  The Magic were selfish on offense, especially in the second half. They rarely made extra passes and had just seven assists after halftime.  ROOKIE WATCH: Gordon Hayward  made his second start of the season for the Jazz. He played 17 minutes, had two rebounds, four fouls and a turnover. He shot 0-for-1 and scored no points.  NOTABLE : The Magic allowed an average of just 90.8 points per game prior to giving up 117 to Utah. Howard had his 16th double-double of the season with 14 points and 12 rebounds. The Jazz swept the Magic for the second time in four seasons and sixth time overall.  UP NEXT:  For the Magic, Sunday @ Clippers, Tuesday @ Nuggets, Saturday, Dec. 18, vs. 76ers. For the Jazz, Saturday @ Mavericks, Monday vs. Warriors, Friday @ Hornets.  