  Mavericks-Lakers notebook   By Bryan Chu, for NBA.com Posted Friday April 1, 2011 3:09AM THE FACTS:   Pau Gasol  said the guys on the floor did what they had to do. Tyson Chandler  chimed in and said there is no intimidation factor and that the Mavericks stood their ground. But  Phil Jackson  said it best following the Lakers' 110-82 chaotic victory over the Mavericks, a game that saw five players ejected and two fans tossed from Staples Center Thursday. "Each one has had a taste of the other team in their mouth," Jackson said. A bad one. In what is a potential second-round playoff matchup, the Lakers (54-20) answered the physical play of the Mavericks (53-22). The Lakers were up 90-73 at the 9:23 mark of the fourth quarter when the game got out of hand as tempers boiled over. Lakers guard  Steve Blake  was driving to the basket, only to have  Jason Terry  shove him out of bounds.  Matt Barnes  tried to get into the mix and shoved Terry. Mavericks assistant coach  Terry Stotts , who tried to restrain Barnes, was then shoved into a courtside spectator by Barnes, who kept screaming "get off of me." When the dust settled, Terry, Blake, Barnes and Mavericks center  Brendan Haywood  were ejected. Minutes later the game had to be stopped when a spectator was kicked out of Staples for fighting and then another spectator tried to run onto the court, but was tackled by security before he could. In the final two minutes of the game, Lakers guard  Shannon Brown  was ejected when things got chippy between him and Mavericks forward  Brian Cardinal . After the dust settled, the Lakers went on to win their eighth straight and 16 of their last 17. They now have won 10 straight at home. The Lakers also swept the season series against the Mavericks, 2-1, and hold a 1.5 game lead on the Mavericks for the second seed in the Western Conference. More importantly with the Spurs (57-18) losing their fifth straight, the Lakers are now just 2.5 games back of San Antonio with eight games remaining. The two will meet on April 12. Interestingly enough, the Lakers and Mavericks have not met in the postseason since 1988. Five Lakers finished in double figures.  Kobe Bryant  tallied a game-high 28 points. Gasol added 20 points and  Andrew Bynum  had 18 points and 13 rebounds. For the Mavericks,  Dirk Nowitzki  scored 27 points.  Peja Stojakovic  chipped in with 13 and  Jose Barea  had 10. QUOTABLE:  "Just a couple of hard fouls man, just the heat of the game. It was a dogfight out there. It's the way it is sometimes."   -- Mavericks forward  Shawn Marion  on the intensity of the game. QUOTABLE II:  "We know teams are going to try to take us out of our rhythm. We know teams respect our ability, our skill level [and] that they're going to get physical with us. We've been talking about this the last two and half weeks. We've been practicing scenarios where the game gets physical."   -- Mavericks coach  Rick Carlisle . QUOTABLE III:  "It's just the buildup for what we can see down the road."   -- Phil Jackson of the potential playoff matchup. QUOTABLE IV:  "That's not what you do. You grab your own players. That's kind of the rule of the game."   -- Phil Jackson on Stotts trying to restrain Barnes. THE STAT:  25 -- The number of points the Lakers outscored the Mavericks in the second half (56-31). The Lakers led 54-51 at halftime. TURNING POINT:  Lakers forward  Lamar Odom , who finished with 16 points and 11 rebounds, had a relatively quiet game for the first 35 minutes of play. But he got hot quick, draining three straight 3-pointers and a layup as the Lakers went on a 11-0 run to blow the game wide open, 90-70, at the 10:25 mark of the fourth quarter. HOT:  Odom was huge in the second half. He was 4-for-7, including three straight 3-pointers. NOT:  Aside from Nowitzki, no other Maverick could get going offensively. Nowitzki was 10-for-20 shooting and the rest of the team combined to shoot 31.7 percent (20-for-63 from the field). FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Bynum continues to impress. Against the Mavericks, he was a difference maker on the inside. Bynum finished with his seventh double-double this month. INSIDE THE ARENA:  The game was stopped in the middle of the fourth quarter when a fight broke out in the stands. A man was seen being escorted out of Staples Center. Moments later a woman tried to run onto the court, but Staples Center security stopped her. NOTABLE:  With 16 points, Odom now has 12,002 career points. He is just the 23rd player in NBA history to log more 12,000 points, 7,000 rebounds and 3,000 assists. He is also ninth fastest to do in games played. ... The Mavericks were 9-for-10 from the free throw line in the first half and were just 7-for-13 the rest of the way. ... The Lakers shot 44.7 percent from the field to the Mavericks 36.1 percent. UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Friday @ Utah, Sunday vs. Denver, Tuesday vs. Utah. For the Mavericks, Saturday @ Golden State, Sunday @ Portland, Wednesday vs. Denver.  