  Nets-Bobcats notebook   By Derek S. Smith, for NBA.com Posted Friday December 3, 2010 11:11PM THE FACTS:   Stephen Jackson  scored 25 points in his return from a one-game suspension to lead the Charlotte Bobcats to a 91-84 overtime victory against the visiting New Jersey Nets Friday night at Time Warner Cable Arena.  Travis Outlaw  scored 21 points while  Anthony Morrow , a native of Charlotte, scored 19 points in front of friends and family. QUOTABLE:  "It's just good to get back with the guys and the team. It's still hard for me. I'm not going to change overnight. But I know what I have to do to in order to do the right thing for my teammates and the fans and that's just play basketball.   -- Jackson on returning after a one-game suspension by the NBA THE STAT:  Rebounds. Charlotte had three players grab 11 or more rebounds and dominated the Nets on the glass 62-48. The Nets'  Brook Lopez  didn't get a rebound until the fourth quarter and the entire New Jersey front line combined for just 16 rebounds overall. TURNING POINT:  Missed free throws.  Gerald Wallace  missed a pair of free throws with 11.7 second left in regulation that would have put the game out of reach. Wallace compounded the miss by fouling Outlaw second later which would allow the Nets to make a pair of free throws and send the game to overtime. QUOTABLE II:  "You know, they're selling Dr. Naismith's rules coming up. I think he'd be a little suspect in thinking this was the game he invented."   --Charlotte coach  Larry Brown HOT:  Bobcat defense. Charlotte held the Nets to 31.9 percent shooting. The Bobcats also grabbed 62 rebounds which is a team high on the season and limited New Jersey to 11 second-chance points. NOT:  Three-point shooting by the Nets. New Jersey was just 5-for 25 from behind the arc Friday night. New Jersey came into the game as the tenth best team from the three-point line. Morrow was 3-for-8 while Outlaw was 1-for-8 and  Jordan Farmar  connected on just one of his five attempts. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:   Boris Diaw . The Bobcats forward scored 11 points, grabbed 16 rebounds and dished out eight assists. INSIDE THE ARENA:   Bruce Smith , member of the Pro Football Hall of Fame, sat courtisde. He was in Charlotte in advance of the ACC Football Championship being played Saturday night at Bank of America Stadium. Also in attendance was NC State basketball legend  David Thompson . ROOKIE WATCH:  The Nets saw all three of its rookies get playing time Friday night, but they combined to score just 10 points in more than 45 minutes of action. NOTABLE:  The Bobcats had three players notch double-doubles Friday night. Wallace (12 points, 13 rebounds), Diaw (11 points, 16 rebounds) and  Nazr Mohammed  (14 points, 11 rebounds). The 16 rebounds by Diaw was a career best. This was the eighth game of 20-plus points for Jackson this season. The 65 points in the first half marked an NBA season low, replacing the low of 73 by Golden State and Milwaukee on November 13. The Nets recorded Bobcats opponent season lows for field goals made with 29 and field goal percentage with .319. New Jersey guard Farmar scored 16 points and dished 10 assists in his start for the injured  Devin Harris . It was the second double-double of the season for Farmar. UP NEXT:  The next three games for each team, in this format. For the Nets, Sunday vs. Boston, Tuesday @ Atlanta, Thursday @ Dallas. For the Bobcats, Saturday @ Philadelphia, Tuesday vs. Denver, Friday @ Indiana.  