  Notebook: Pistons 109, Bobcats 94 Posted Wednesday February 29, 2012 11:05PM By Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Guard  Rodney Stuckey  had 29 points and center  Greg Monroe  supplied 19 points and a career-high 20 rebounds as the Detroit Pistons snapped a three-game losing streak with a 109-94 victory over the Charlotte Bobcats Wednesday. Rookie guard  Brandon Knight  added 20 points for the Pistons. Forward  Corey Maggette 's 17 points topped the Bobcats, who have lost 19 of their 20. QUOTABLE:  "We're a different team when he's attacking. That's point blank. When he's attacking the goal with that kind of intensity consistently, we're a different team. That's something we have to ask of him every night, to impose his will over the whole game."   -- Monroe on Stuckey's performance THE STAT:  8-6. An 8-6 record during the month of February might not seem like a major accomplishment but the Pistons haven't experienced a winning month in more than three years. The last time they had a winning month was December 2008, when they went 9-5 a month after acquiring  Allen Iverson  from Denver. Since then, the Pistons played 20 months without going better than .500. TURNING POINT:  Detroit went on a 12-2 run midway through the second quarter, stretching a six-point advantage to 53-37 and it led by double digits the rest of the way. The Pistons outrebounded the Bobcats 8-1 during that stretch, giving themselves extra opportunities as five players scored. QUOTABLE II:  "It started with our defensive rebounding. It was really bad. I think Monroe had 20 and we got out-rebounded (55-37), which is unacceptable. We can't expect win with a differential like that, so we need to get tougher in that area of the game."   -- Charlotte guard  Gerald Henderson  on his team's loss HOT:  Monroe capped off a huge month with his first 20-rebound performance in his two-year career. He averaged 18.7 points and 10.7 rebounds in February while continuing his push for the league's Most Improved Player award. He collected eight of his rebounds Wednesday at the offensive end, as the Pistons had a 23-7 advantage in second-chance points. Monroe's 19 double-doubles, including 13 in the last 18 games, rank eighth in the league. NOT:  Charlotte rookie guard  Kemba Walker , who entered the game averaging 13.3 points, scored six in 19 minutes off the bench while going 2 of 8 from the field. Walker also had difficulty guarding fellow rookie Knight during the second quarter when Knight scored 14 points. NOTABLE:  Bobcats center  Bismack Biyombo  suffered a strained left shoulder during the first half and did not return. ... Henderson scored 13 points after missing the previous nine games with a hamstring strain. ... Detroit forward  Tayshaun Prince  had his second double-double this season with 14 points and 10 rebounds. ... The Pistons' 55 rebounds were a season high, as was their 58 halftime points. They reached 100 points for the fifth time this season. ... The officials handed out four technicals, two for each side. UP NEXT:  For the Bobcats, Friday @ San Antonio, Sunday vs. New Jersey, Tuesday vs. Orlando. For the Pistons, Saturday @ Memphis, Tuesday vs. L.A. Lakers, Friday (March 9) vs. Atlanta.  