  Thudner-Rockets notebook   By Matt Miller, for NBA.com Posted Sunday November 28, 2010 11:05PM THE FACTS:  The Houston Rockets fought off a couple of fourth-quarter surges by the Oklahoma City Thunder to claim a 99-98 victory on Sunday at Toyota Center.  Kevin Martin  led the Rockets (5-11) with 23 points, while  Shane Battier  came out of a shooting slump to chip in with a season-high 18 points on 7-for-11 shooting. Russell Westbrook  scored 23 points and dished out a game-high 10 assists for the Thunder (11-6), who lost on the road for the first time in six games.  Kevin Durant  added 18 points on a lackluster shooting night, which included a misfire on a potential game-winning 20-foot jump shot as time expired. QUOTABLE:  "I'm sure I was a little nervous at the end, but we finally made enough plays to secure a win. It's about time we beat a good team at home."  --  Battier on the Rockets' first win over an opponent that entered its matchup with Houston above .500 THE STAT:  Houston found a shooting rhythm from beyond the arc Sunday, making 10 of 17 attempts from 3-point range. TURNING POINT:  After Oklahoma City scored five straight to cut its deficit to 86-84 with 5:28 remaining in the fourth, the Rockets went on a 7-0 run in which they grabbed four offensive rebounds to create some much-needed breathing room. TURNING POINT II:  A Westbrook jumper sandwiched between two key defensive stops in the final minute gave the Thunder a chance to win the game on the last possession. But Durant could not connect on a 20-footer, allowing Houston to escape with the win. HOT:  Both teams came out of halftime on fire. The Rockets shot 5-for-6 from 3-point range in the third quarter, while the Thunder made 11 of their first 13 shots from the field en route to a 12-for-18 effort in third. NOT:  Durant, who shot 7-for-18 Sunday, has fallen into a shooting slump over the last two games, making only 16 of his last 44 attempts. QUOTABLE II:  "It felt great when it left my hand. It's very frustrating. It's tough for me that it came up short. I've only had one [game-winning shot] in four years in this league. It was just one of those nights."--  Durant on his last-second shot FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Rockets point guard  Kyle Lowry  continued his recent upswing with another solid performance Sunday. He matched a season high of 14 points, distributed a team-high eight assists, grabbed six rebounds, and blocked two shots. Lowry is averaging 9.3 points, 7.6 assists, and 2.25 steals in his eight starts this season. INSIDE THE ARENA:  The public-address announcer introduced Houston Texans receiver  Andre Johnson  during the third quarter of Sunday's game. Johnson received a thunderous standing ovation from the Rocket faithful, producing the loudest cheers of the night. Earlier in the day, Johnson was ejected from the Texans' game with the Tennessee Titans for fighting with Titans defensive back  Cortland Finnegan . GOOD MOVE:  Instead of going with  Luis Scola  at the beginning of the fourth quarter, Adelman chose to stick with second-year forward  Jordan Hill . The move paid off as Hill's athleticism and length gave Oklahoma City's  Jeff Green  fits. Hill also made his presence felt on the offensive end, scoring eight points and grabbing four rebounds in the fourth. QUOTABLE III:  "My time came, and I just tried to take advantage of it. Just go out there and do things I love to do, and that's playing good basketball -- rebounding, defensive stops, and just doing the little things that help my team stay in the game."  --  Hill on his performance in Sunday's game BAD MOVE:  Thunder forward  Serge Ibaka  scored 12 of Oklahoma City's first 14 points on 5-for-5 shooting, but only attempted two shots from that point. Houston's defense seemingly had no answer for Ibaka early on, but Ibaka's teammates inexplicably failed to feed him the ball as the game progressed. NOTABLE:  Thunder center  Nenad Krstic  missed his second game in a row Sunday with a sore lower back. ... The Rockets have won 11 consecutive games at home against the Thunder franchise. ... Scola has scored in double figures in 12 straight games. ... Houston is 3-0 on Sundays this season. ... The Rockets won for the first time this season when scoring less than 100 points. UP NEXT:  For the Thunder, Monday vs. New Orleans, Wednesday @ New Jersey, Friday @ Toronto. For the Rockets, Monday @ Dallas (NBA TV), Wednesday vs. L.A. Lakers, Friday @ Memphis.  