Notebook: Kings 121, Hornets 110 
 
 
 James Ham, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Thu Apr 11, 2013 2:28 AM - Updated Thu Apr 11, 2013 2:28 AM 
 
 THE FACTS:  Playing what could be their second to last game in Sacramento, the Kings put on a show for their home crowd, drilling the New Orleans Hornets 121-110.  
 Veteran wing  John Salmons  came out firing, scoring 22 points on 7-for-10 shooting to get the Kings started.  Marcus Thornton  kicked in 20 points and five rebounds, while  Jason Thompson  chipped in a solid 20-point, eight-rebound performance in the win. 
 Sacramento struggled to defend  Robin Lopez , allowing the big man out of Stanford to score 20 points on 7-for-8 shooting.  Eric Gordon  added a game-high 23 points and seven assists, while  Brian Roberts  kicked in a career-high 20 points off the Hornets bench. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "People don't understand that I've got a good relationship with the Maloofs. Publicly we may differ on occasion ... or more, but behind the scenes we have great conversations. They know I'm fighting like crazy to keep the team here. They believe in our ownership group. When you look at dollars and cents, (The offer is) going to be very comparable, which was important to us. We have an investment from the city of $258 million for a brand new arena downtown and our market is one of the best one-team markets in all of sports."  
 
 -- Sacramento mayor Kevin Johnson on the fight to keep the Kings in the capital city of California 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Kings came out hot and never really cooled off, shooting 55.3 percent (47-for-85) from the field and 50 percent (10-for-20) from long range. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  This one was over early.  The Kings led by 17 after the first quarter, 17 at the half and by the time the fourth quarter rolled around, the home team had a commanding 22 point lead.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "This is the third situation I've been in and so my focus and approach has always been the same -- to focus on today, to focus on doing your job, making sure your job is done well, done right and leaving the chips to fall where they may.  And if not, I'll put my hat on and say thank you and move on."  
 
 -- Sacramento coach  Keith Smart  on his uncertain future 
 
 
 HOT:  The Kings couldn't miss in the first half, shooting an incredible 62.8 percent from the field as a team and going 6-for-10 from behind the arc.   
 
 NOT:  Sacramento native  Ryan Anderson  loves coming back to his old stomping grounds and playing the Kings. But Wednesday, he couldn't hit water if he fell out of a boat.  Anderson finished with nine points on 3-for-13 shooting for New Orleans. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  With the Hornets playing the second night of a back-to-back, the Kings turned on the jets and ran them out of the gym.  Sacramento is leading the NBA in scoring since the All-Star break and showed why on Wednesday. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  With the game out of reach,  Monty Williams  left his franchise player  Anthony Davis  in the game. With a little under six minutes remaining and New Orleans trailing big, Davis went down in a heap with an apparent left knee injury.  
 
 NOTABLE:  Anthony Davis, the first pick in the 2012 NBA Draft, went down hard in the fourth quarter clutching his left knee.  He was eventually helped off the court, but it didn't look good.  
 
 NOTABLE II:  Roberts scored a career-high 20 points on 6-for-11 shooting from the field and 2-for-3 shooting from 3-point land. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Hornets, Friday vs. L.A. Clippers, Sunday vs. Dallas, Wednesday @ Dallas. For the Kings, Friday @ San Antonio, Sunday @ Houston, Monday @ Oklahoma City. 
