  Grizzlies-Nuggets notebook   By Michael Kelly, for NBA.com  Posted Wednesday February 23, 2011 12:41AM THE FACTS:   J.R. Smith  scored 26 points and the shorthanded Denver Nuggets beat the Memphis Grizzlies 120-107 on Tuesday in their first game since trading  Carmelo Anthony  and  Chauncey Billups  to New York in a 13-player deal. QUOTABLE : "It's tough. When you've had a hometown guy and Melo being here anchoring this team for seven, eight years, change is not easy to accept or see past. It's going to take time. Melo's held down this city for long time. It's good we got off to this kind of start.   --  Nuggets guard  Arron Afflalo , on playing without Anthony and Billups. THE STAT:  Despite losing 41.7 points a game with the departure of their top two scorers the Nuggets hit the 120-point mark for the ninth time this season. TURNING POINT:  The Nuggets led by 10 midway through the second quarter when they went on a 14-0 run over the next 3:05 to go up 58-34. Memphis never got closer than 15 until the final seconds of the game. QUOTABLE II:  "It's been pretty nuts, getting lots of phone calls, hearing all the rumors, I'm just glad all the mess is over. It was a whole bunch of nonsense for the last month dealing with that in New York, I'm glad that craziness is out of the way.   --  Guard  Raymond Felton , on the trade finally happening. HOT:   Ty Lawson  showed, for one night, he was ready for the burden of quarterbacking the Nuggets. The second-year player scored 21 points, dished out seven assists and had six steals to pace the Nuggets. NOT:  The Grizzlies' defense was porous all night. Denver hit 10 of its first 15 shots and drove through the lane for easy baskets the whole game. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Afflalo put up good numbers with Anthony getting most of the touches, and now he's poised to do even more. He had 21 on a very efficient 7-for-12 shooting night. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Before the game Nuggets president  Josh Kroenke  and general manager  Masai Ujiri  talked about reluctantly including hometown hero Billups in the deal with New York. "We tried every way not to include him in this trade. This is one of the most difficult things," Kroenke said. "When we came to the realization to maximize our return we had to make the deal bigger. That's when we realized it could be Chauncey. I didn't sleep for a couple of days." GOOD MOVE:   George Karl  showed again that he can do much with little, using a nine-player roster to build a 27-point lead and win easily. BAD MOVE:  The Grizzlies had trouble handling the ball against the Nuggets, committing 21 turnovers through the first three quarters, which led to 25 points for Denver. ROOKIE WATCH:   Gary Forbes  spent a good portion of this season as a spectator but was pressed into service with a shorthanded backcourt. He scored 10 points in 22 minutes. NOTABLE:  The crowd gave a standing ovation when the three players Denver got from New York, Felton,  Danilo Gallinari  and  Timofey Mozgov , arrived at the arena in the second half. UP NEXT:  For the Grizzlies, Wednesday @ Minnesota, Saturday vs. Sacramento, Sunday @ San Antonio. For the Nuggets, Thursday vs. Boston, Friday @ Portland, Monday vs. Atlanta.  