
 Cavs-Nets notebook   By Jake Appleman, for NBA.com  Posted Tuesday November 9, 2010 10:44PM THE FACTS:  The Cleveland Cavaliers defeated the New Jersey Nets 93-91, handing the Nets their fifth consecutive loss.  J.J. Hickson  (18 points and 10 rebounds) and  Antawn Jamison  (15 points, eight rebounds) led the Cavaliers, whose bench outscored their starters 52-31. The Nets got 17 points from their bench. QUOTABLE:  "He helps us in so many ways on both ends of the floor because he's one of our best communicators on the defensive end. He was excellent tonight."  -- Cavs coach  Byron Scott  on Jamison's performance. Jamison hadn't played since Oct. 30 against the Sacramento Kings. THE STAT:   Anthony Morrow  scored seven points in the first 2:08 of the first quarter on a 3-pointer and a four-point play. He didn't score again until the last minute of the fourth quarter. TURNING POINT:   Anthony Parker  hit a rainbow 3-pointer to put the Cavaliers up 89-82 with 1:29 remaining in the fourth quarter QUOTABLE II:  "You know, that's the good thing about those situations. You don't really have time to think. I caught it. I looked at the clock. I saw two seconds, and I heard 'Tawn -- he had just passed to me. He said 'shoot it'...I had Outlaw on me, a long defender. I just wanted to give it a chance. When it left my hand, it felt good. I just stayed with it. And fortunately it went it."  -- Anthony Parker, on his rainbow 3-pointer HOT:   Daniel Gibson  (15 points, 6-for-10 from the field, 4-for-5 on 3-pointers) hit big shots when the Cavaliers needed them. NOT:   Mo Williams  didn't have an impressive stat line (two points, 1-for-12 from the field, -10). FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:   Travis Outlaw  put up good numbers (27 points, 11-for-22 from the floor, seven rebounds, one block) for the Nets. INSIDE THE ARENA:  The West Point Glee Club sang the National Anthem to honor "Military Appreciation Night"...The Nets Dancers performed in military garb to the White Stripes song "Seven Nation Army" during a break between the first and second quarter...Radio personality Paul "Cubby" Bryant sat courtside...Treach from the seminal Hip Hop group Naughty by Nature appeared on the Jumbotron in an attempt to motivate the crowd. ROOKIE WATCH:   Derrick Favors  rebounded, quite literally, from a sluggish first half to finish with six points, seven boards and one block. NOTABLE:  The cross matchup between the Nets' starting small forward (Travis Outlaw) and the Cavaliers' power forward (J.J. Hickson) featured two players that both wear #21...Jamison came off the bench and hit his first three shots from the floor...Parker was originally drafted by the Nets before being dealt to the Philadelphia 76ers in a draft day swap that involved  Keith Van Horn  and  Tim Thomas ...The game featured only 20 turnovers combined between the two teams...Every player that started for the Cavaliers finished with a negative plus-minus rating. All of the bench players, except  Ryan Hollins  (five fouls in under nine minutes of action) finished at least +12 UP NEXT:  For the Cavaliers, Wednesday vs. New Jersey, Saturday vs. Indiana, Tuesday vs. Philadelphia. For the Nets, Wednesday @ Cleveland, Saturday vs. Orlando, Monday @ LA Clippers. 
