  Notebook: Nuggets 116, Pistons 115 Posted Thursday March 22, 2012 12:51AM By Michael Kelly, for NBA.com THE FACTS:   JaVale McGee  dunked a missed free throw with five seconds left and the Denver Nuggets, who blew a 25-point lead, overcame a 45-point night from  Ben Gordon  and beat the Detroit Pistons 116-115 on Wednesday night. Arron Afflalo  had 23 points and his missed free throw turned out well for Denver. Down by three, Afflalo hit a layup and was fouled. His foul shot went off the back iron and McGee dunked it to give the Nuggets the win. Gordon's 45 points were a season high and the most he has scored since joining the Pistons, but it wasn't enough. He missed a potential game winner from 21 feet with 2.8 seconds left. QUOTABLE:  "You have to go through a little bit of hell to get to heaven. It's a painful, painful way to lose. We put ourselves in a position to win and we put ourselves in a position to lose."    -- Pistons coach  Lawrence Frank . THE STAT:  Gordon hit all nine of his 3-pointers for the second time in his career. He and  Latrell Sprewell  are the only players to hit that many 3s without a miss in NBA history. TURNING POINT:  The Pistons failed to foul Afflalo before he made a move to the basket, putting him at the line and setting up the final sequence. On the missed free throw, McGee was quicker than  Greg Monroe  into the lane and got to the front of the rim for an uncontested dunk. QUOTABLE II:  "I just went hard and pushed Monroe under the rim and I was just wide open. I was trying not to goaltend it and I just dunked it. It was definitely exciting -- my first game-winner."    -- JaVale McGee. HOT:  Gordon was lights out after the first quarter. In the second quarter he scored 21 points to lead Detroit back from a 45-20 deficit to within five at the half. He scored 17 more in the third, and in the fourth he turned into a playmaker before hitting a go-ahead 3-pointer with 2:52 left. Gordon was just three points shy of his career high set more than five years ago when he was with the Chicago Bulls. QUOTABLE III:  "Our bigs were setting some hellified screens, getting me open, getting me some space. I tried to seize the opportunity and I was fortunate to get a game like that.    -- Ben Gordon. NOT:  Nobody seemed to have an off night offensively -- which was bad news for both defenses. The Pistons shot 50.6 percent and Denver hit 58.2 percent from the field. The Nuggets made 19 of their first 23 shots. GOOD MOVE:  Frank started Gordon because of  Rodney Stuckey 's sore toe. Some bench players prefer to continue to come off the bench when someone is injured but Gordon showed he's comfortable starting or subbing in. QUOTABLE IV:  "The guy was freakin' off the charts. Not only did he make shots, he made plays. You can't say enough positive adjectives about the job he did. He was phenomenal."    -- Lawrence Frank, on Gordon. BAD MOVE:  The Pistons didn't foul Afflalo early enough on Denver's last offensive possession. When Afflalo did start going to the basket the prudent thing would have been let him go in for an uncontested layup and finish the game at the line. QUOTABLE V:  "The plan was to foul after two seconds went off the clock. I think we had a chance to foul before Afflalo actually got the ball. After he got the ball I was thinking to let him go but then I hear everybody screaming 'foul, foul, foul!' I should have stuck with my instincts and wrapped him up so he couldn't finish."    -- Ben Gordon. ROOKIE WATCH:  Detroit point guard  Brandon Knight  had a solid game, scoring 16 points and hit a big 3-pointer down the stretch. NOTABLE:  The Pistons hit their first 11 shots from 3-point range and finished 14 of 18 from that distance. ...  Ty Lawson  led the Nuggets with 25 points. He made his first 10 shot attempts and missed his last two, both 3-pointers. ... Denver is 12-1 against the Eastern Conference, 7-1 at home. UP NEXT:  For the Pistons, Friday vs. Miami, Saturday @ New York, Monday @ Washington. For the Nuggets, Friday @ Utah, Sunday @ Minnesota, Monday @ Chicago.  