  Bulls-Pacers notebook   By Conrad Brunner, for NBA.com Posted Friday March 18, 2011 11:35PM THE FACTS:  Recovering nicely from  Derrick Rose's  furious fourth-quarter assault, the Indiana Pacers scored the first seven points of overtime and hung on to pull out a 115-108 victory Friday in Conseco Fieldhouse, snapping the Bulls' eight-game win streak.  Tyler Hansbrough  had 29, including the first bucket of overtime and a steal that led the second, to lead Indiana. Rose, who scored 19 of Chicago's final 20 points in regulation -- including three free throws with 1.2 seconds left to tie it -- wound up matching his career high with 42 points. QUOTABLE:  "This was a great one to win. We let it slip away in regulation to a tie but we didn't let it slip totally away."    -- Pacers forward  Danny Granger THE STAT:  Indiana held Chicago to 1-of-11 shooting in overtime. TURNING POINT:  The Pacers led 95-80 in the fourth quarter but Rose took over down the stretch. He benefited from controversial decisions at both ends of the floor in the final seconds of regulation. The first was a foul call against  Darren Collison  on his 3-point attempt with 1.2 seconds remaining, leading to the tying free throws. The second was a no-call when Rose appeared to hit Granger's arm on the potential game-winning jumper at the buzzer. Despite the dispiriting finish, the Pacers channeled their frustration and controlled overtime from the outset. QUOTABLE II:  "That's a team we could possibly see in the playoffs. I can't wait to play them again."   -- Rose HOT:  Hansbrough scored at least 20 points for the seventh time in eight games. He's averaging 22.8 in that span on 56 percent shooting (72 of 129). NOT:  The Bulls shot 6-of-27 from the 3-point line, including 2-of-17 in the second half and overtime. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Jersey Shore star  J Woww  was sitting courtside. ... KISS drummer  Eric Singer  also was in attendance. NOTABLE:  The Pacers have won three of four against playoff teams this week and moved 1 and1/2 games ahead of Charlotte in the race for the eighth spot in the East. ... Indiana led by 13 in the first quarter, 17 in the second and 20 in the third before Rose rallied the Bulls in the fourth quarter. ... Chicago lost for the first time in 13 games against Central Division competition, spoiling the Bulls' quest to become the first team in NBA history to go undefeated within its division. ... Hansbrough tied his career high with 12 rebounds for his sixth double-double. ... The Pacers improved to 1-3 in overtime games while the Bulls dropped to 3-2. UP NEXT:  For the Pacers, Saturday @ Memphis, Monday @ New Jersey, Wednesday @ Charlotte. For the Bulls, Monday vs. Sacramento, Tuesday @ Atlanta, Friday vs. Memphis.  