  Trail Blazers-Hawks notebook   By Matt Winkeljohn, for NBA.com Posted Saturday March 12, 2011 11:09PM THE FACTS:   Jeff Teague  made Atlanta coach  Larry Drew  look like a genius Saturday night. The reserve point guard made the most of a starting opportunity, tying a career high with 24 points and adding a career-high five steals as the Hawks snapped a four-game losing streak with a 91-82 win over the visiting Blazers. It was Atlanta's fifth straight win over Portland. Drew shook up his starting lineup in part out of necessity and in part for a spark. Although the insertion of center  Zaza Pachulia  and Teague took a while to take hold, it paid off as the Hawks rallied from a 38-35 halftime deficit.  Jamal Crawford  scored all of his 20 points in the second half for Atlanta. Teague, whose insertion into the lineup bumped  Kirk Hinrich  to shooting guard and shooting guard  Joe Johnson  to small forward in place of  Marvin Williams , was averaging 4.0 points and 0.5 steals per game. Pachulia, playing in place of injured  Al Horford  (sprained left ankle), had six points and six rebounds to help Atlanta to a 40-34 edge in rebounding one night after the Hawks were out-rebounded 50-28 in a dreadful loss at Chicago. LaMarcus Aldridge  led the Blazers, who have lost two straight after winning four straight, with 22 points. QUOTABLE:   "He gave it to me in a big way tonight. He was absolutely sensational from start to finish on both ends of the floor. His speed and his quickness is . . . something we just don't [otherwise] have. I'm hoping this will be kind of a springboard for him. We needed something to rejuvenate us, and he did that. "  -- Drew, when asked if Teague gave him the energy he was looking for Saturday. THE STAT:  56-28: Even without Horford and with power forward  Josh Smith  scoring a modest 14 points, the Hawks whipped Portland inside, doubling the Blazers in points in the paint -- 56-28. Atlanta made 28-of-44 shots there, the Blazers just 14-of-38. The Hawks drove the ball relentlessly, particularly in the second half. TURNING POINT:  The Hawks looked like a new team in the decisive third quarter. Entering the second half, the Hawks had scored just 61 points over their previous four quarters -- including a mere 26 in the second half of Friday's loss at Chicago. They struggled horribly against Portland's zone defense in the first half Saturday, making just 13-of-36 shots, before outscoring the visitors 27-16 in the third quarter. QUOTABLE II:  "It feels great to come in and have a good game. I'm a laid-back person, but I always try to play with emotion and a chip on my shoulder."   --Teague. HOT:  Teague was spectacular in the first quarter, scoring 10 points on four-of-five shooting with four steals. He stole back-to-back Portland inbounds passes and scored off each, including a 3-pointer. Immediately before that, he went to the free throw line and made one shot after a steal. Teague also scored 10 points in the fourth quarter...  Atlanta reserve forward  Damien Wilkins , whom Drew has recently said deserves more playing time, scored 10 points in the second quarter while making all five of his shots. Wilkins finished with 12 points to tie his season high, the second time in three games he's been in double digits... Jamal Crawford was scoreless off Atlanta's bench in the first half, but scored 10 points in each of the final two quarters. He made four-of-seven shots in each period... Portland's  Wesley Matthews  scored 16 of his 19 points in the second half, making six-of-11 shots in that span, including three-of-six three-pointers. NOT:  Portland point guard  Andre Miller  missed his  all eight of his shots, often with Teague harassing him. . . . All-Star guard  Joe Johnson scored 11 points, the fourth straight game in which he's scored below his 18.8-point average, and the fourth time in five games he's been below that mark. Johnson has made just 3 of 27 three-pointers (percent) over the past seven games after missing both long ball tries Saturday. . . . Atlanta's  Marvin Williams , who was moved out of the starting lineup Saturday, scored just four points and has scored a total of 10 in the past three games. . . .  Marcus Camby  scored two points for the Blazers, but made just one of four shots. He has made two of 17 shots over his past four games. QUOTABLE III:  "I actually called him into my office at halftime, [and said], 'I need you to be in attack mode, be aggressive. Stay off the officials.' He came out and responded in the second half. He has a tendency of trying to draw fouls, particularly out at the three-point line, and it throws his shot off."   --Drew, speaking about Crawford's 20-point second half. QUOTABLE IV:  "We were missing shots like crazy. We were missing layups and we just looked drained. Those possessions at the end of the first quarter changed things. It gave them some energy."   --Blazers coach Nate McMillan, alluding to Teague's back-to-back-to-back steals and the six points he scored in the final 11.9 seconds of the first quarter to give Atlanta a 19-18 lead. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Former Atlanta Braves pitcher  John Smoltz , now retired, was in Philips Arena, which was largely barren with the SEC basketball tournament being played next door in the Georgia Dome. GOOD MOVE:  The Hawks scrapped their zone offense in the second half and made 24-of-41 shots (58.5 percent) in the second half after making 16-of-36 while tying their season low of 33 points in the first half. This prompted Drew to say, "We starting running our zone offense, but we just weren't moving the ball quickly enough. We actually went back to a man-to-man offense against the zone, and we started moving the ball pretty well. And Jamal started being a little more aggressive." NOTABLE:  Hawks reserve forward  Josh Powell  was inactive Saturday after being stopped by police earlier in the today for undisclosed reasons. Team spokesman  Arthur Triche  said the team was aware of the incident, but would offer no additional comment.... With two assists, Atlanta's  Joe Johnson  passed  Bob Pettit  (2,369) to move into fifth place in franchise history with 2,370.  Doc Rivers  leads with 3,866....Horford was literally a last-minute scratch, and his availability for Tuesday's game against the Bucks is unclear. UP NEXT:  For the Blazers, Tuesday vs. Mavs, Thursday vs. Cavs, Saturday vs. 76ers. For the Hawks, Tuesday vs. Bucks, Wednesday vs. Nuggets, Friday vs. Heat.  