  Bulls-Trail Blazers Notebook   By Kerry Eggers, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday February 8, 2011 1:56AM THE FACTS:   LaMarcus Aldridge  scored a career-high 42 points to lift the Portland Trail Blazers (28-24) past Chicago 109-103 Monday night at the Rose Garden.  Derrick Rose  had 36 points and six assists for the Bulls (34-16), who have begun their four-game road trip 0-2. QUOTABLE:  "All-Star. That's all I can say."   -  Joel Przybilla   on Aldridge, who did not make the All-Star team. THE STAT:  Portland was 37 for 40 (.925) from the free-throw line, a season-high for made foul shots. Chicago was 11 for 18 at the line. TURNING POINT:  The Blazers led 84-83 with six minutes left when  Rudy Fernandez  touched off a 7-0 run with a driving reverse layup and three free throws when he was fouled in the act of shooting a 3-pointer. The resulting eight-point cushion was key. QUOTABLE II:  "Maybe back in high school, when everybody was 5-foot and I was 6-9."   -  Aldridge, asked if he has ever notched career scoring highs three times in three weeks, as he has done the last three weeks in going from 37 to 40 to 42. HOT:  Aldridge was 15 for 23 from the field, scoring on an array of post moves, dunk shots off lob passes and jumpers from the perimeter. NOT:  It was a rough shooting night for Portland's  Wesley Matthews , who was 3 for 12 from the field. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT : Portland's  Andre Miller  had one of his greatest games in a Blazer uniform, collecting 27 points, 11 assists, six rebounds and four steals in 42 minutes. Miller was 7 for 11 from the field and 13 for 13 from the foul line. INSIDE THE ARENA:  University of Oregon coach  Dana Altman  was in the house to watch Chicago's  Kurt Korver , who played for him at Creighton. GOOD MOVE:  Portland coach  Nate McMillan  chose to sit  Dante Cunningham , who fractured an eye socket in Saturday's win at Cleveland but was listed as "probable" before the game. The Blazers won, anyway, and it gave Cunningham some time off before he returns to action Friday at Toronto. BAD MOVE:  Chicago coach  Tom Thibodeau  chose to single-cover Aldridge, mostly with  Carlos Boozer , much of the night. Aldridge had a career game. ROOKIE WATCH:   Omar Asik , Chicago's 7-footer from Turkey, provided some good minutes off the bench with nine points and five rebounds. NOTABLE:  McMillan basically went with a six-man rotation, with only Fernandez getting more than six minutes off the bench. UP NEXT:  For the Blazers, at Toronto Friday, at Detroit Sunday, at Minnesota Monday. For the Bulls, at Utah Wednesday, at New Orleans Saturday.  