  Notebook: Timberwolves 106, Spurs 96   By Jim Beilby, for NBA.com Posted Monday January 2, 2012 11:56PM THE FACTS:  The Minnesota Timberwolves followed up their victory over Dallas on Sunday night with an equally impressive 106-96 win over the San Antonio Spurs. Despite turning the ball over 19 times (Minnesota ranks last in the league in that statistic), the Wolves benefitted from hot shooting and impressive play by  Kevin Love  and  Luke Ridnour . Love scored 24 and grabbed 15 boards and Ridnour scored 19 on 7-for-10 shooting and dished out a season-high nine assists. San Antonio made a number of runs, but could not get within 10 for the final quarter and a half. It did not help that  Manu Ginobili  was unable to finish the game. He fractured the fifth metacarpal in his left hand with 2:38 to play in the second quarter. QUOTABLE:  "A real solid win for us. ... In the first quarter, we played so well offensively; the ball was moving. We scored 66 points in the first half against them. ... (but) it was kind of fool's gold because they were scoring too. ... In the second half we did a nice job of controlling the tempo, making sure we defended better, while still maintaining it offensively."   -- Minnesota coach  Rick Adelman THE STAT:  Minnesota shot 57.7 percent from the field and 57.1 percent from beyond the arc, season highs both for the Wolves and for a Spurs opponent. TURNING POINT:  San Antonio got within seven with 7:38 to play in the third quarter and looked to have all the momentum. Minnesota responded with a pair of 3-pointers by  Wes Johnson  and Love and a pair of layups by  Darko Milicic . With strong defense and good tempo, Minnesota's lead stayed in the double-digits for the rest of the game. QUOTABLE II:  "(We do) the same thing everybody else does. There's no magic. He's an All-Star player. We do a variety of things on pick and rolls and sometimes it works and sometimes it doesn't. You don't stop great players."   -- Spurs coach  Gregg Popovich  on trying to stop Love HOT:  Minnesota's starting backcourt of Johnson and Ridnour had an extremely strong game. They didn't miss a shot until 3:13 in the third quarter. At that time, they were 24-for-24 including 4-for-4 from 3-point range. NOTABLE:  Monday's victory snaps a 16-game winning streak for the Spurs vs. the Wolves. UP NEXT:  For the Wolves, Wednesday vs. Memphis, Friday vs. Cleveland, Sunday @ Washington. For the Spurs, Wednesday vs. Golden State, Thursday vs. Dallas, Saturday vs. Denver.  