Notebook: Magic 109, Hawks 102 
 
 
 Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Dec 29, 2013 11:13 PM - Updated Sun Dec 29, 2013 11:13 PM 
 
 THE FACT: Arron Afflalo  led seven Orlando players in double figures with 21 points in a 109-102 victory over the Atlanta Hawks. 
 
 THE LEAD: Jameer Nelson  and rookie  Victor Oladipo  combined to score seven straight points midway through the fourth quarter as the Magic (10-20) pulled away to their second straight win and their second straight against the Hawks. 
 After playing from behind for most of the game, the Hawks (17-14) took an 85-84 lead with 6:55 left, but three Atlanta turnovers helped Orlando turn that quickly into an eight-point lead. 
 The Hawks'  Kyle Korver  nailed a 3-pointer with 9:52 left in the second quarter to stretch his NBA record of consecutive games making at least one 3-pointer to 100. 
 
 Jeff Teague  scored 22 points for the Hawks, who had played three straight overtime games and were playing their third game in four nights. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I don't know when fatigue comes in. Obviously we had enough to come back and take the lead. I think you have to give Orlando credit more than anything. They made some plays and their defense picked up and we weren't able to execute." --  Hawks coach  Mike Budenholzer 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Magic had a season-high 30 assists on 41 field goals. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We passed the ball a lot tonight and it started with Arron. The man was getting double-teamed, he was really making the right plays for us . . . it was like an effect out there for everybody, just sharing the ball, getting everybody involved. We got a lot of points off that." --  Magic forward  Tobias Harris 
 
 
 TURNING POINT : Atlanta had moved ahead by one point on  Shelvin Mack's  layup midway through the fourth quarter. After Nelson answered with a layup, the Magic converted turnovers by  Lou Williams , Mack and Teague into quick points on an 11-2 run from which the Hawks did not recover. 
 
 QUOTABLE III : "I think we took the lead at one point and ended up giving away eight straight points. It was one of the those nights where we just couldn't get over the hump, just one of those games where Orlando played well and we just could never match their energy." --  Lou Williams 
 
 
 HOT : After shooting 53 percent on Friday night, the Magic came back with 55.4 percent shooting against the Hawks. 
 
 NOT:  Hawks forward  Paul Millsap , almost a 50 percent shooter for the season, made only 4-for-14 shots. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Oladipo (15 points, five rebounds, eight assists, two steals) appears to be more suited to coming off the bench at this stage. 
 
 BAD MOVE :  Elton Brand  does not appear to be the answer for replacing the injured  Al Horford  at center, not that the Hawks necessarily have a better one. 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Afflalo had his sixth straight game of 20-plus points and his fifth straight of making more than half his shots.  
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Atlanta's  Pero Antic  and  Dennis Schroder  combined for 11 points and seven rebounds. 
 
 NOTABLE : The Hawks played their second game without Horford, who is out with a torn right pectoral, and for the first time all season without forward  DeMarre Carroll  (sprained right thumb). . . . The Magic won for the first time while giving up 100 points or more. . . . Korver maintained his league-leading 50 percent shooting (81-for-162) from behind the arc. 
 
 UP NEXT : For the Hawks: Tuesday @ Boston, Friday vs. Golden State, Saturday @ Chicago. For the Magic: Tuesday vs. Golden State, Thursday @ Cleveland, Saturday vs. Miami. 
