Notebook: Celtics 91, Magic 89 
 
 
 Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Nov 08, 2013 11:22 PM - Updated Fri Nov 08, 2013 11:22 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Boston Celtics overcame poor shooting with strong defense and posted their second straight victory. 
 
 THE LEAD:  Brandon Bass led six Celtics in double figures and hit two free throws with 10.5 seconds left as Boston won for the first time on the road, 91-89, over the Orlando Magic. 
 The Celtics shot less than 35.8 percent and made only 2-of-14 3-point shots, but held the Magic to 40 points in the second half. 
 
 Arron Afflalo  scored a game-high 24 points and scored Orlando's last nine points, including a four-point play with 1:38 remaining. But Afflalo stepped over the line on what was intended to be a 3-point shot with only 4.6 second left. That basket left the Magic a point short, and  Avery Bradley 's free throw with 3.5 seconds left finished the scoring. 
 
 THE STAT:  Starting when they were down, 37-27, midway through the second quarter, the Celtics' next 15 field goals included five dunks and six layups. 
 
 TURNING POINT:   Jordan Crawford  drove right to the basket for a layup and a three-point play in the final second of the first half, leaving the Celtics only three points behind after the Magic had dominated the game early. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We stuck together when we were missing shots, a lot of easy shots, but everybody stuck together as a team." 
 --  Jordan Crawford 
 
 
 HOT:  Nobody . . . until Afflalo nailed three long jumpers in the final 98 seconds. 
 
 NOT:  The Celtics started the game 13-for-40. The Magic started the second half 3-for-14. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Bradley switched off between guarding the Magic's point guard (mostly  Jameer Nelson ) and two-guard (mostly Afflalo). 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "There were a couple of times that he (Bradley) was able to get into us and disrupt us a little bit." 
 -- Magic coach  Jacque Vaughn 
 
 
 BAD MOVE:  For the second straight game, the Magic squandered a lead early in the second half and Vaughn waited too long to stop the opposing rally with a timeout. This time it was a 15-6 Boston run that included three Magic turnovers. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "I think we have to take care of the ball a little better, especially the playmakers, then be more prepared to play coming out at the half." 
 --  Arron Afflalo 
 
 
 IN THE ARENA:   Nick Anderson , the first collegian ever drafted by Orlando in 1989, was honored as part of the Magic's 25th anniversary celebration. 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Celtics forward  Jared Sullinger  (11 points in 19:32) is emerging as a consistent scorer if he stays healthy, and Stevens indicated he will be getting more minutes. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:   Victor Oladipo  had his worst game for the Magic, shooting 3-for-12 with three turnovers and four fouls . . . Boston 7-footer  Kelly Olynyk  scored only eight points but hit a big baseline jumper late in the fourth quarter. 
 
 NOTABLE:  For the first time in their 25 seasons in the NBA, the Magic have held four straight opponents to field-goal percentages of under 40. Since the 1985-86 season only 23 teams have done it in five or more consecutive games, most recently the Indiana Pacers in February. The NBA record is eight straight games, by San Antonio in 1998 and New York in 1999 . . . Nelson had seven of the Magic's season-high 20 turnovers. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Celtics: Saturday @ Miami, Monday vs. Orlando, Wednesday vs. Charlotte. For the Magic: Saturday @ Atlanta, Monday @ Boston, Wednesday vs. Milwaukee. 
