
 Suns-Hornets notebook   By Larry Holder, for NBA.com Posted Friday April 8, 2011 11:51PM THE FACTS:  Reserve guard  Willie Green  shot the lights out off the bench with 31 points as the New Orleans Hornets cruised past the Phoenix Suns 109-97 on Friday night in the New Orleans Arena. The Hornets have won three games in a row and nine of their last 13 games. QUOTABLE:  "I knew I was in a rhythm. I knew I was in a zone. But I didn't know I was 12-for-12. It was a good feeling. I had it going and I was trying to keep it going. I was just trying to be aggressive. It was a good win. ... Once I got it going, I was asking for it (the ball)."   -- Green on his hot shooting night as he set a franchise record by starting the game 12 of 12 from the floor. THE STAT:  Green's hot shooting was rather contagious for the rest of the Hornets as New Orleans shot 55.6 percent from the floor for the game.  Trevor Ariza ,  Carl Landry ,  Jason Smith  and  Jarrett Jack  all shot 50 percent or better. TURNING POINT:  After a sluggish start and being down by as many as 10 points in the first quarter, Hornets guard  Chris Paul  hit consecutive shots near the end of the first quarter with his second being a jumper at the buzzer to give the Hornets a 31-30 lead. It highlighted an 11-0 run for New Orleans. QUOTABLE II:  "I don't know if you say en fuego or caught fire, whatever the case was, he got hot tonight."   --Hornets coach  Monty Williams  on Green's shooting performance HOT:  Landry actually ended up with a better shooting night percentage-wise than Green. The Hornets forward went 8 of 10 from the floor for 17 points. Throw Ariza into the hot mix as he piled up 21 points, eight rebounds, four steals and three rebounds in the win. NOT:  Backup point guard  Aaron Brooks  started for  Steve Nash , who missed Friday night's game with a hamstring injury. Brooks went 2-for- 7 from the floor for nine points. Brooks did add nine assists, though. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Hall of Fame former Saints linebacker  Rickey Jackson  sat courtside just seats away from former Hornets minority owner  Gary Chouest . TV chef  Mario Batali  and former Saints and Packers cornerback  Mike McKenzie  also sat courtside for Friday's game. NOTABLE:  If the Hornets win Sunday at Memphis, they can't finish worse than seventh in the Western Conference. If New Orleans wins out, it can't finish any lower than the sixth seed. The Hornets also still have a shot at the fifth seed if they win out and Denver loses out. ... The Suns had five players in double figures led by  Jared Dudley's  18 points.  Marcin Gortat  chipped in with 17 points,  Grant Hill  added 15 and Vince Carter came off the bench to score 14. ... Paid attendance was 14,950 in the New Orleans Arena. ... Paul finished with 12 assists. UP NEXT:  For the Suns, Sunday @ Dallas, Monday vs. Minnesota, Wednesday vs. San Antonio. For the Hornets, Sunday @ Memphis, Monday vs. Utah, Wednesday @ Dallas. 
