Notebook: Nuggets 102, Mavericks 100 
 
 
 Michael Kelly for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Nov 24, 2013 1:44 AM - Updated Sun Nov 24, 2013 1:44 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Denver Nuggets missed their first seven shots from 3-point range in the fourth quarter, but made the only one they needed when  Randy Foye  drained one with 1:11 left to give them a 101-100 lead. 
 
 THE LEAD: Kenneth Faried  had 18 points and 14 rebounds,  Ty Lawson  scored 20 points and the Denver Nuggets rallied after blowing a 17-point lead to beat the Dallas Mavericks 102-100 on Saturday night. 
 Foye finished with 17 points, including the go-ahead 3-pointer, to help Denver stretch its home winning streak to five games.  Dirk Nowitzki  scored a game-high 27 points and  Monta Ellis  had 25 for the Mavericks, who had their five-game winnings streak snapped. They had three chances to send the game into overtime but Nowitzki and Ellis each missed two shots in the final minute. 
 
 QUOTABLE : "We did everything we were supposed to do, we just didn't make the shots."  
 -- Monta Ellis 
 
 THE STAT : Nuggets guard  Andre Miller 's alley-oop to  Wilson Chandler  with 8:18 left in the first half was the 7,988th of his career and moved him past  Rod Strickland  for ninth on the NBA's all-time list. He finished with four assists. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Nuggets hit nearly 50 percent from 3-point range in the first half but went cold in the second half. They were 2-for-12 after intermission and missed their first seven in the fourth before Foye hit one that put them up for good. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I work extremely hard on my shot, so 5-for-12, 1-for-12, it doesn't matter, just got to continue to shoot the ball with confidence."  
 -- Randy Foye 
 
 HOT:  Dallas forward  Vince Carter  was 1-for-7 in the first half but came alive in the second. He went 5-for-6 from the field and hit all four of his 3-pointers to help the Mavericks climb out of double-digit hole. His last 3-pointer pulled Dallas within 86-85 with 10:13 left. 
 
 NOT:  Chandler had a tough shooting night after going scoreless against Chicago on Thursday. He missed 11 shots, eight from behind the arc, and finished with 10 points.  
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  The monstrous new scoreboard at Pepsi Center malfunctioned in the third quarter and didn't display the score and time of the game. The PA announcer called out the score as it changed. The video portion of the scoreboard was working. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Foye gave up nine inches to Nowitzki but played him tough on the final shot. He didn't allow the Dallas star to get a comfortable, clean look and forced him into a 22-foot fadeaway. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Mavericks coach  Rick Carlisle  got ejected with 5:14 left in the first half. Carlisle was upset that Nowitzki wasn't given two free throws on a foul, and then became incensed on the next play when Foye had a hard foul on Ellis. He was given two quick technical by official Tony Brothers. assistant Monte Mathis took over the head-coaching duties. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "I thought the foul was excessive. I thought he fouled him and he came down on him extra hard. I'm going to stand up for my players."  
 -- Rick Carlisle, on the hard foul on Ellis 
 
 NOTABLE : Nowitzki also had nine rebounds and Ellis six. ... Faried's double-double was the sixth of the season and 49th of his career. ... Dallas  Samuel Dalembert  was playing with sore ribs. ... Foye's 17 points were a season high. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Mavericks, Monday vs. Denver, Wednesday vs. Golden State, Friday @ Atlanta. For the Nuggets, Monday @ Dallas, Wednesday @ Minnesota, Friday vs. New York. 
