
 Pacers-Pistons notebook   By Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday February 16, 2011 11:31PM THE FACTS:   Ben Gordon  scored the first four points of overtime and the Detroit Pistons held on for a 115-109 victory over the Indiana Pacers Wednesday night.  Tayshaun Prince  had 25 points and 11 rebounds and Gordon added 16 off the bench for Detroit, which snapped a three-game losing streak. The Pacers wasted a big night from center  Roy Hibbert , who matched his career high with 29 points. QUOTABLE:  "It's coming at a good time because we've played up and down throughout. Just because we got this win tonight doesn't mean we need to keep playing. We've won a game, then lost two or three, and we've been doing that all season."    -- Tayshaun Prince on his team entering the All-Star break 15 games below .500. THE STAT:  18,006. Pistons guard  Tracy McGrady  made a baseline shot early in the third quarter, lifting him past the 18,000-point mark for his career. He finished with 15 points and has now scored 18,006, 10th best among active players. McGrady, the youngest player on the active list, is 59th on the league's all-time scoring list. TURNING POINT:  Prince and his teammates were fuming when the officials didn't blow the whistle on the final possession of regulation. His 12-foot shot landed short of the basket and Prince felt he was fouled more than once by  Danny Granger  on the play. But the Pistons took their frustrations out on the Pacers instead of the officials, holding them to 1-for-7 shooting and forcing two turnovers in overtime. QUOTABLE II:  "It would solve a lot of our problems. I thought our energy was great the entire time and the players took ownership. When they take ownership and play with that type of effort, I'm not saying we'll win the championship but we'll be very tough to beat."    -- Pistons coach  John Kuester  on his team's lack of consistent effort this season. HOT:  Hibbert gave  Ben Wallace ,  Greg Monroe  and  Chris Wilcox  fits with his assertive play near the basket. He took 23 shots and made 12 as well as hitting all five of his free throws. Wallace finally slowed him down in the extra session, forcing him to miss twice inside while holding him scoreless. NOT:   Mike Dunleavy  was a non-factor once again for the Pacers, scoring three points and sitting out most of the second half. He has reached double digits once in the last six games. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Prince shot 11-for-16 from the field to raise his season shooting percentage to 48 percent. He came into the season with a career percentage of 46.3, but has shot 46 percent or less in four of the last five seasons. GOOD MOVE:  Pistons 6-foot-5 guard  Rodney Stuckey  posted up 6-foot  Darren Collison  and 6-foot-2  A.J. Price  in the early going, scoring 10 first-quarter points to get Detroit's offense humming. BAD MOVE:  Kuester stuck with backup point guard  Will Bynum  too long in the fourth quarter as Indiana erased a 10-point deficit in the final 4:22. The Pistons came up empty on four straight possessions, including two misses by Bynum, before Stuckey returned to the game. ROOKIE WATCH:  Monroe bounced back from three subpar performances with 13 points. He averaged seven points during Detroit's three-game losing streak. Monroe also had a crucial block against  Brandon Rush  late in regulation. NOTABLE:  Indiana is now 7-3 under interim coach  Frank Vogel . ... The Pacers had a six-game winning streak against Detroit snapped. That tied its longest winning streak against the Pistons in the last 30 years. ... Indiana reserve center  Jeff Foster  missed the game with a sprained right ankle. ... Detroit is 15 games under .500 at the break for the second straight season. The Pistons had not been that far under .500 entering All-Star weekend since they were 11-37 during the 1993-94 season. UP NEXT:  For the Pacers, Tuesday @ Washington, Wednesday vs. Detroit, Friday vs. Utah. For the Pistons, Tuesday vs. Houston, Wednesday @ Indiana, Friday @ Philadelphia. 
