  Sixers-Pacers notebook   By Andy Jasner, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday January 11, 2011 10:26PM THE FACTS:  The Indiana Pacers won a road game for the first time since Nov. 30 with a 111-103 victory over the Philadelphia 76ers on Tuesday. Five Pacers scored in double figures led by  Danny Granger 's 27.  Darren Collison  had 21 points and 13 assists -- with just one turnover -- and  Mike Dunleavy  scored 20 points.  Jrue Holiday  paced the Sixers with 19 points while  Elton Brand  had 18 points. The Pacers built a 16-point lead, 67-51, in the third quarter and then held on for the much-needed road win by shooting 51 percent from the field, including 8-for-16 from 3-point territory. Indiana had dropped nine in a row on the road since beating Sacramento 107-98 on Nov. 30. QUOTABLE:  "We've been really working hard, working at it, studying film. It feels good to get a win out of it."   -- Granger, on the victory THE STAT:  The Pacers had 29 assists with Collison racking up 13 by himself. TURNING POINT:  The Pacers closed the game on a 12-4 run by making clutch shots and knocking down free throws. HOT:  Dunleavy had 18 points at halftime, including four 3-pointers. He shot 7-for-12, finished 8-for-16 overall and kept up the trend by always playing well in Philadelphia. NOT: Andre Iguodala  made his return to the Sixers lineup after missing the past seven games with tendinitis in his right Achilles. Iguodala didn't look sharp and wound up with just one point, seven assists and four rebounds. It was Iguodala's lowest point total since his rookie season when he had one at Houston on Dec. 4, 2004. QUOTABLE II:  "Our guys played like this was a playoff game."   -- Indiana coach  Jim O'Brien FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  It's just a matter of time before Holiday registers a triple-double for the Sixers. He finished with 19 points, eight assists and seven rebounds and looked poised the whole game. The second-year point guard just continues to improve every game. INSIDE THE ARENA:  There were pockets of empty seats throughout the Wells Fargo Center, which was no surprise considering the snow falling outside the arena. But the fans who did arrive were into the game. QUOTABLE III:  "We were just flat. We had zero, zero energy and we got so far behind."   -- Sixers coach  Doug Collins GOOD MOVE:  The Pacers kept going to  Roy Hibbert  in the low post. While Hibbert missed some easy shots, those were good shots. BAD MOVE:  Collins told his team at shootaround to focus on Dunleavy at the start of the game. His players didn't respond to the warning, as Dunleavy hit his first four shots and had 18 points alone in the first half. This is a case where the players have to take the blame. The coaches did their job. ROOKIE WATCH: Evan Turner , the Sixers' No. 2 overall pick from Ohio State, played a very spirited game with 12 points and five rebounds. More than that, he was active on defense. That's what the coaching staff has been preaching all season. NOTABLE:  Indiana shot just one free throw through the third. Very rarely does a team go three quarters and attempt just one free throw. The Pacers did finish 11-for-11 from the foul line with some late attempts. UP NEXT:  For the Pacers, Wednesday vs. Dallas, Friday vs. Chicago, Monday @ L.A. Clippers. For the Sixers, Friday vs. Milwaukee, Wednesday @ Orlando, Thursday @ Charlotte.  