  Notebook: Thunder 111, Trail Blazers 95 Posted Monday March 19, 2012 1:17AM By Randy Renner, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The Oklahoma City Thunder used a big first quarter and big time performances from  Russell Westbrook  (28 points) and  Kevin Durant  (26 points) to cruise past the Portland Trail Blazers 111-95. The Thunder led by 16 at the end of the first quarter and by as many as 21 in the first half. Oklahoma City never trailed though the lead got down to just eight points in the fourth quarter. Durant was 4-for-5 on 3-pointers and also grabbed seven rebounds, handed out six assists, stole the ball three times and blocked a shot. Westbrook was 12-for-21 and 2-for-3 from long range.  James Harden  had 14 points. He was just 1-for-7 from the field but 11-for-14 at the free throw line. Backup point guard  Jamal Crawford  led Portland with 23 points. Starting point guard  Raymond Felton  had 19 on 6-for-10 shooting and  Wesley Matthews  added 16. Portland's  LaMarcus Aldridge  had 15 but it took him 19 shots to get there. QUOTABLE:  "It was important for us to get off to a good start, we came out with a mindset of toughness. Our first quarter was really good, probably one of our best defensive quarters this season and then we kinda relaxed."  --  Thunder head coach  Scott Brooks. THE STAT:  OKC outscored Portland 31-15 in the first quarter, holding the Blazers to just 26.1 percent shooting. The rest of the game was played even up, 80 points from both teams. QUOTABLE II:  "We gave up a 31-point quarter and then we came back and responded. We knew they were going to come out aggressive, especially after (Friday's loss). They're the best team in the West for a reason."  --  Trail Blazers interim head coach  Kaleb Canales . TURNING POINT:  That big first quarter provided the cushion the Thunder used for the rest of the game. Oklahoma City didn't allow the lead to get below 12 points until the fourth quarter when Portland cut it to eight briefly before the Thunder got it back to double digits. QUOTABLE III:  "We did a good job getting that good start. I liked our pace, we did a good job pushing the ball. We just have to stay focused."  --  Thunder point guard  Russell Westbrook . HOT:  Thunder guard  Thabo Sefolosha , known as a defensive specialist, started the game 3-for-3 (two from long range) for eight points...Oklahoma City was 11-for-18 on 3-pointers...Durant, Westbrook and Sefolosha were a combined 9-for-11 on threes. NOT:  Portland shot just 26.1 percent (6-for-23) in the first quarter and scored 15 points...The Blazers were 2-for-10 (20 percent) on 3-pointers in the first 24 minutes...OKC's Harden missed all four of his shots (three from long range) in the first half and finished 1-for-7 from the field...The Thunder shot an abysmal 46.2 percent (6-for-13) from the free throw line in the first half and finished 18-for-28 (64.3 percent) at the stripe. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Another sell-out crowd inside Chesapeake Energy Arena. Oklahoma City has sold out 37 consecutive regular season games. GOOD MOVE:  After slow starts and bad finishes recently at home the Thunder began the game with a lot of energy and active hands on defense. Portland didn't get many open looks. On offense OKC had both its inside and outside game working Sunday night. NOTABLE:  Oklahoma City is now 10-1 this season in games following a loss. That's second in the NBA this season (Chicago 10-0). Over the last two seasons the Thunder is 30-7 in bounce back games...This is the 42nd game this season that Durant has scored at least 20 points and the 31st game that Westbrook has done it...The Trail Blazers expect both newly acquired point guard  Jonny Flynn  and center  Hasheem Thabeet  to be available Tuesday night against Milwaukee. UP NEXT:  For the Trail Blazers, Tuesday vs. Milwaukee, Thursday vs. Memphis, Friday @ LA Lakers. For the Thunder, Tuesday @ Utah, Wednesday vs. LA Clippers, Friday vs. Minnesota.  