  Notebook: Nuggets 105, Suns 99 Posted Saturday April 7, 2012 1:21AM By Michael Kelly, for NBA.com THE FACTS:   Andre Miller  scored 13 of his 15 points in the fourth quarter and spearheaded a late rally to lift the Denver Nuggets over the Phoenix Suns 105-99 on Friday night. Arron Afflalo  scored 30 points and  Al Harrington  had 23 for the Nuggets, who kept pace with Houston in the Western Conference standings. The Rockets and Nuggets are tied for seventh. Shannon Brown  scored 18 points and  Steve Nash  had 14 points and 11 assists for the Suns, who had their three-game winning streak snapped. Phoenix fell to 10th in the West, 1½ games behind Utah. QUOTABLE:  "It was amazing to see a guy like him just step up and put this team on his back."    -- Denver rookie  Kenneth Faried , on Miller. THE STAT:  The Nuggets tied a franchise low with five turnovers while forcing 16. Denver outscored the Suns 26-4 in points off turnovers. TURNING POINT:  Miller's fourth quarter. He had two points entering the period and took over the game late. He started with a halfcourt alley-oop to Faried, hit two layups and two free throws and then found Afflalo in the corner for a 3-pointer that put the Nuggets ahead 103-99. QUOTABLE II:  "The pass he threw to Kenneth from halfcourt might be one of the best passes I've ever seen. He has this passion to will games. Andre's scoring and passing, rebounding, he had a pretty special night. I'd give this one to Andre."    -- Nuggets coach  George Karl . HOT:  Afflalo missed his first four shots of the game and then caught fire. At one point he hit seven straight shots and scored 25 of his 30 points in the second and third quarters combined. NOT:  Nuggets center  Timofey Mozgov  didn't play for the fourth straight game. The team's starter for most of the year -- when healthy -- Mozgov has lost minutes to  JaVale McGee , who the Nuggets are giving a long look in trying to decide if he fits into their future plans. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Colorado Avalanche players  Paul Stastny  and  David Jones  sat courtside a night after they were eliminated from the playoffs in the same arena. GOOD MOVE:  The Nuggets were struggling against the Suns smaller lineup in the fourth quarter, so Karl matched the strategy by subbing in the 6-foot-9 Harrington for the 7-foot McGee. The move paid off down the stretch. QUOTABLE III:  "We still had a chance to win. Even though we had turnovers we were up five with a couple of minutes left. We have to be better at controlling the game."    -- Steve Nash. ROOKIE WATCH:   Jordan Hamilton  got the start for the injured  Wilson Chandler , becoming the 16th player to be in the starting lineup for Denver. He responded with a strong start, scoring five quick points and grabbing three rebounds. He finished with 11 points and five rebounds. NOTABLE:  The Nuggets won despite shooting just 40 percent and getting outrebounded 54-41. ... Suns reserve guard  Michael Redd  scored 13 of his 15 points in the fourth quarter. ... Denver were 11-for-27 from 3-point range. They are now 10-0 when hitting 10 or more 3 pointers. UP NEXT:  For the Suns, Saturday vs. L.A. Lakers, Monday @ Minnesota, Wednesday @ Memphis. For the Nuggets, Saturday @ Golden State, Monday vs. Golden State, Wednesday vs. Minnesota.  