Notebook: Trail Blazers 113, Warriors 101 
 
 
 Geoff Lepper, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Nov 24, 2013 2:25 AM - Updated Sun Nov 24, 2013 2:25 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  L aMarcus Aldridge  recorded the third 20-20 game of his career. 
 
 THE LEAD:  Aldridge provided 30 points and 21 rebounds as the Portland Trail Blazers won their 10th straight game, beating the Golden State Warriors 113-101 Saturday. 
 Aldridge and the Trail Blazers (12-2) came alive after a scuffle late in the third quarter which led to six technical fouls and three ejections -- including Portland's leading scorer to that point,  Wesley Matthews  (23 points). Trailing by 10 after it was all sorted out, Portland outscored the Warriors 42-20 over the final 15:42, with 17 of those points coming from Aldridge. 
 
 Damian Lillard  had 20 points and nine assists for the Trail Blazers, who wiped out a 14-point third-quarter deficit to win. 
 
 Klay Thompson  tied for game-high honors with 30 points, but fouled out with more than five minutes left. And  Stephen Curry 's 22-point, 11-assist night in his return from a two-game absence with a mild concussion was not enough to keep the Warriors (8-6) from dropping their third straight game. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "Obviously, the altercation changed the complexion of the game. I liked the way responded, and I liked the way we stood up for each other. ... I thought it really brought us together."  
 -- Portland coach  Terry Stotts 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Portland scored 30 points off 20 Golden State turnovers.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Blazers held the Warriors scoreless for a nearly six-minute stretch in the fourth quarter, reeling off 14 consecutive points to transform what had been a close game into a 104-92 lead. 
 
 IN THE ARENA:  Play stopped for several minutes at the 3:42 mark of the third quarter when the teams were involved in a shove-filled fracas under the Warriors' hoop. The scrum was set off when Golden State's  Andrew Bogut  and Portland's  Joel Freeland  tangled up as Matthews' jumper dropped home. As the two jawed afterwards,  Mo Williams  appeared to take exception to Bogut's action and charged into the fray. Both teams milled about, with players mostly pushing; Aldridge and Golden State's  Draymond Green  both had to be held back by members of their respective coaching staffs. After exhaustive replay review, six technicals were handed out -- to Aldridge, Freeland, Matthews and Williams from the Blazers and to Bogut and Green from the Warriors. Green and Williams were ejected for their actions; Matthews was also sent to the locker room, having picked up his first technical less than a minute earlier. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "He put the team on his back. In my opinion, he's the best power forward in the game, and he showed it. He didn't shoot it well, but he had to find a way to carry us. Twenty-one rebounds, his defensive presence, he had a couple of blocks, and then he got to the line. Thirty and 21? He carried us."  
 -- Wesley Matthews on Aldridge's performance 
 
 
 HOT:  Matthews' shooting -- 8-for-9 overall, 5-for-6 from deep -- kept Portland within shouting distance before his ejection. The rest of the Blazers converted just 37.7 percent on the evening. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  David Lee  put up 15 points and 12 rebounds for the Warriors, but he was mercilessly targeted by the Blazers at the defensive end. Aldridge and Portland followed the same late-game blueprint as Memphis did Wednesday -- going right at Golden State's 2013 All-Star. In the end, Aldridge went to the line 19 times (making 16 free throws) to offset a 7-for-21 performance from the field. 
 
 NOT:  Curry, who was a game-time decision, went 8-for-21 from the floor, including three misses and a pair of turnovers during the Warriors' critical fourth-quarter drought. It was the fifth time in his last seven games that Curry finished under 40 percent for a game and on this occasion, his typical efficiency from beyond the 3-point arc (2-for-9) couldn't save the day. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "They deserved to win, they made us look silly out there, especially in the fourth quarter." 
 -- Andrew Bogut 
 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  For the second consecutive night, Golden State's  Nemanja Nedovic  was his club's first guard off the bench. The Serbian finished with an up-and-down line: five points, three fouls, two rebounds, two turnovers and one assist. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Williams reported he and Matthews were celebrating the Blazers' comeback inside the visitors' locker room. "Me and Wes was in here jumping all across the place," Williams said. . . . With Williams unavailable,  Earl Watson  stepped off Portland's bench and saw his first action of the season, helping to steady the ship with a pair of assists in 4 1/2 fourth-quarter minutes. . . . Aldridge passed  Cliff Robinson  for sixth on Portland's all-time list for field goals, with 3,939 to Robinson's 3,936. . . . Matthews is only the second player in the NBA this season to score 23 points on nine or fewer field-goal attempts (Houston's  Dwight Howard  was the other). . . . Aldridge joined Orlando's  Nikola Vucevic  in this season's 20-20 club. . . . Portland's win ended a three-game losing streak against Golden State, who swept the season series in 2012-13. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Trail Blazers, Monday vs. New York, Wednesday at Phoenix, Sunday at L.A. Lakers. For the Warriors, Tuesday at New Orleans, Wednesday at Dallas, Friday at Oklahoma City. 
