  Hawks-Jazz notebook   By Andrew Aragon, for NBA.com Posted Thursday January 6, 2011 12:51AM THE FACTS: Joe Johnson  had 28 points and  Jamal Crawford  chipped in 26 as the Atlanta Hawks dismantled the Utah Jazz 110-87 on Wednesday night. The Hawks led from start to finish, moved the ball spectacularly well and had five guys score in double figures.  Al Horford  had 18 points and a game-high eight rebounds. The Jazz, booed loudly by their home fans at the end of the game, got 19 points apiece from  Deron Williams  and  Andrei Kirilenko . They were without starting power forward  Paul Millsap , who sat out with a sore hip. QUOTABLE:  "He is getting into his rhythm. You can see he is starting to find rhythm in his game and what we do. I am very proud of how he has been defending. He has done just a tremendous job in his effort on the defensive end."   -- Hawks coach  Larry Drew  on the play of Johnson in recent games. THE STAT:  56.0. The Hawks didn't shoot like the 13th best 3-point shooting team in the league, which is where they were ranked entering Wednesday's game. Atlanta was unconscious from long range, making 56 percent of its 3-point shots. The Hawks were 6-for-8 from 3-point range in the third quarter. TURNING POINT:  This game was over almost as soon as it began. The Jazz missed eight of their first 10 shots, and the Hawks made them pay. Atlanta opened the game on a 12-3 run, and an 8-0 spurt put it ahead 20-6. Johnson outscored the Jazz 8-6 by himself during the game's first seven minutes. Utah didn't get closer than seven points after falling behind 20-6. QUOTABLE II:  "You can't do it every game. You can't keep getting down by 10-15 points in the first half and expect to come back every time. You can do it every now and then. We've done it a lot in this short season. You can't rely on it. I don't think any coach in America has a gameplan to get down by 15 and come back every game. It's not a gameplan."   -- Jazz guard Williams, who has helped Utah come back from a 10-point deficit to win 11 games, and a 15-point deficit to win six games this season. HOT:  Crawford started the game hot and mostly stayed that way. He made four of his first five shots. In the fourth quarter, he recorded his 31st four-point play -- most in league history -- to put the Hawks up 98-73. For the Jazz, Kirilenko made six of his last eight shots. NOT:  The Jazz slightly recovered from missing eight of their first 10 shots, but still shot just 35.3 percent in the first quarter. Williams (5-for-15),  Al Jefferson  (6-for-17),  C.J. Miles  (2-for-7) and  Ronnie Price  (1-for-5) all struggled from the field. For the Hawks,  Mike Bibby  shot just 1-for-5 and was roundly booed as fans remembered how he used to play well against the Jazz when he was a member of the Sacramento Kings. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Johnson still isn't 100 percent after having elbow surgery earlier this season, but he's starting to come on strong in both fantasy and real basketball. He scored 29 points in each of the Hawks' last two games prior to Wednesday. He shot 5-for-7 from 3-point range and 10-for-17 overall against the Jazz. In Wednesday's game he easily topped his averages in points (18.0), field-goal percentage (41.0) and 3-point percentage (26.9). GOOD MOVE:  The Hawks set up their outstanding 3-point shooting by playing inside-out. They continually passed in and out of the post and the Jazz rarely could get out to the shooters on the outside. BAD MOVE:  Someone had to start in place of Millsap, but  Francisco Elson  was not the answer. He played the entire first quarter, and had no points and one turnover. He committed an offensive foul on Utah's first possession, setting the tone for a below-average performance. ROOKIE WATCH:  Jazz first-year player  Gordon Hayward  provided one of few highlights for Utah on Wednesday when he blocked a shot by Crawford off the glass in the second quarter. Hayward and fellow Jazz rookie  Jeremy Evans  each scored four points. For the Hawks,  Jordan Crawford  played in garbage time and had a big dunk with less than a minute to play. NOTABLE:  The Hawks have now won two straight games in Utah after losing their previous 15 games here. Their 23-point win was the largest victory margin of the season for the Hawks. It was Utah's fifth wire-to-wire loss of the season. UP NEXT:  For the Hawks, Saturday vs. Indiana, Tuesday vs. Milwaukee, Wednesday @ Toronto. For the Jazz, Friday @ Memphis, Saturday @ Houston, Wednesday vs. New York.  