  Notebook: Bulls 107, Cavaliers 75 Posted Thursday April 26, 2012 11:03PM By Kent McDill, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The Chicago Bulls clinched the best record in the National Basketball Association and homecourt advantage through the NBA Finals with a 107-75 victory over the Cleveland Cavaliers Thursday at the United Center. Bulls guard  John Lucas  III tied his career high with 25 points, making 10 of 16 shots.  Joakim Noah  (13 points, 12 rebounds) and  Taj Gibson  (10 points, 12 rebounds) had double-doubles for the Bulls.  Tristan Thompson  had 13 points and 12 rebounds for the Cavaliers. DND-DNP UPDATE:  The Bulls played without starters  Derrick Rose  and  Luol Deng  and key reserve  Kyle Korver  for rest and "maintenance" purposes. Rookie of the Year candidate  Kyrie Irving  did not play for the Cavaliers for the same reason. THE FACTS II:  The Bulls will play the Philadelphia 76ers in the first round of the NBA playoffs beginning Saturday. QUOTABLE:  "Last year, we had to rely heavily on (Rose's) scoring to have a good chance to win. This year Derrick does not have to score like that. We have a number of guys who can score the ball. We have a lot more scoring this year."    -- Bulls coach  Tom Thibodeau  on comparing this season's team to last season's team. THE STAT:  With the victory, the Bulls finished the 2012 season with a record of 50-16, a winning percentage of .757. Last year, they were 62-20, a winning percentage of .756. THE STAT II:  In a meaningless game with three key players out, the Bulls still shot 53 percent from the field, and outrebounded the Cavaliers 60-38. TURNING POINT:  It was a game of sorts in the first quarter but the Bulls won the second quarter 32-20 to lead by 13 at half and the result was determined. GOOD MOVE:  Thibodeau rested Rose and Deng, who are still nursing injuries, but prodded the remaining players to give it their best shot to get the win and the No. 1 overall seed. HOT:  Noah recorded his 24th double-double of the season. QUOTABLE II:  "The season is over. It was a tough year but I'm impressed with a lot of positives we have and I'm excited about the future."    -- Cleveland coach  Byron Scott . ROOKIE   WATCH: Jimmy Butler , who could be a key defensive contributor for the Bulls in the post-season, had 12 points and four rebounds in 28 minutes. NOTABLE:  The National Basketball Retired Players Association announced Thursday that it has moved its corporate headquarters to Chicago from New York... Bulls forward  Brian Scalabrine  spoke to United Center crowd before the game, extolling them to support the Bulls as they go for "Banner No. 7"... UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, the first round of the playoffs against the Philadelphia 76ers. For the Cavaliers, the 2012-13 season.  