Notebook: Rockets 105, Warriors 83 
 
 
 Matt Miller, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Dec 06, 2013 11:47 PM - Updated Fri Dec 06, 2013 11:47 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Houston Rockets limited the Golden State Warriors to season lows in field-goal percentage (35.5 percent), 3-point field-goal percentage (12.5 percent), 3-pointers made (two) and assists (10) in Friday's win.  
 
 THE LEAD:  One game after staging an epic late-game comeback from a 27-point deficit, the Warriors dug another huge hole out of which they could not climb.  
 
 Dwight Howard  scored 22 points and grabbed 18 rebounds, and  James Harden  added a game-high 34 points and seven rebounds as the Rockets cruised to a 105-83 victory over Golden State on Friday at Toyota Center.  Terrence Jones  added a double-double with 16 points and 10 boards to go with three blocks for Houston (14-7), which snapped a two-game skid while winning for the seventh time in its last eight home contests.  
 
 Stephen Curry  scores 22 to lead the Warriors (11-9), who have lost three of their last four road games. But the sharpshooter committed eight turnovers and went just 5-for-14 from the field. Curry remains two 3-pointers shy of breaking  Jason Richardson 's franchise record of 700. The fifth-year shooting guard's teammates were hardly in rhythm either, as Golden State set season lows in several offensive categories and committed 22 turnovers that led to 23 points for the Rockets.     
 
 QUOTABLE:  "That's the way we play. If we don't get after it on the defensive end, it's going to be tough for us. ... [It was] desperation. We had to win a game. We lost two games we should have won [to Utah and Phoenix], so it was time to come home and just win." 
 -- James Harden 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Warriors allowed at least 100 points for the eighth game in a row, falling to the Rockets for the 18th time in the last 21 meetings between these clubs. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Golden State grabbed a 2-0 lead on an  Andrew Bogut  dunk, but that was about as close as the Warriors came to challenging Houston. Fueled by intense first-quarter performances on both ends of the court from Jones, Harden and Howard, the Rockets proceeded to outscore Golden State 31-10 over the remainder of the period to build a 19-point lead it never relinquished. The Warriors' Curry and  Klay Thompson  (2-for-10) only made matters easier for the opposition in the opening 12 minutes by bricking all of their shot attempts and throwing several questionable passes that ignited fast breaks for Houston.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "Tonight, our starters did a poor job of setting the tone. We got outworked. They played with more force, and it set the tone for the rest of the way." 
 -- Golden State coach  Mark Jackson 
 
 
 HOT:  Howard established himself early and often and surpassed 15 points for the first time in eight contests, but it was his dominance on the glass that truly sparked the Rockets' explosive first half. The 7-footer has snatched 18 rebounds in consecutive games after failing to pull down more than 11 boards in each of the previous five tilts. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "He got the ball in the paint, he was strong, got fouled a lot and made his free throws. ... He's one of those guys, he can go get a ton of rebounds. He's a huge, huge part of what we're doing."  
 -- Houston coach  Kevin McHale  on Howard 
 
 
 NOT:  The Warriors could not have looked much worse offensively to begin this one, as they connected on only four of 20 field-goal attempts and committed six turnovers during the opening quarter. The starting backcourt of Curry and Thompson combined to miss all six of their shots, while  Harrison Barnes  went 0-for-5. 
 
 QUOTABLE IV:  "Nights like tonight we didn't hit shots early, and we have a tendency to dwell on that as opposed to getting stops and letting that lead to easy offense. ... In road games like this, our defense has to show up for us to weather the storm of cold-shooting nights." 
 -- Stephen Curry 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  After delivering a pair of quiet performances, Jones recaptured the aggressive approach that has helped Houston set the tone in several games since he joined its starting five. The second-year forward's work on the glass and commitment to run the court in the early going not only knocked Golden State big man  David Lee  off-balance, but also led to Jones scoring 11 of the Rockets' first 18 points. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Jackson brought veteran  Jermaine O'Neal  off the bench late in the first period and matched him up one-on-one with Howard. The 6-foot-11 big man was no match for Howard, who bullied O'Neal in the paint and earned deep position on multiple occasions en route to netting nine points in a two-and-half minute span. Incidentally, Golden State's deficit grew from 10 to 17 during this stretch.  
 
 NOTABLE:  The Warriors'  Andre Iguodala  and  Toney Douglas  are accompanying their teammates on Golden State's three-game road trip, an indication that at least one of these players could come back to the lineup before the Warriors return to the Bay Area. "[Douglas] has been trying to lobby for me to put him back into the lineup and give him a chance to play, but we want to stay true to the process and make sure he's healthy in whole," Jackson said. "I think it's important to make sure [guys are] 100 percent because what we don't want is a setback." ... Forward  Chandler Parsons  returned to Houston's starting five after missing the previous two games with back spasms. He finished with eight points on 3-for-13 shooting, five assists and three steals in 34-plus minutes of action. ... The Rockets allowed a season-low 12 points in the first quarter. ... Howard blocked a Barnes shot with 3:05 remaining in the fourth period, snapping a career-worst streak of four-plus games without a rejection. ... Houston has finished with at least 50 total rebounds in eight games this season, which is tied for the most in the league this season with Philadelphia. ... The Rockets collected a season-best 14 steals. ...  Golden State fell to 8-9 against the Western Conference this season and 2-6 versus Southwest-Division foes. ... The Warriors are now 0-4 this season when playing on Friday. ... Lee has scored in double figures in 96 consecutive contests, the third-longest active streak in the NBA.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Warriors: Saturday @ Memphis, Monday @ Charlotte, Wednesday vs. Dallas. For the Rockets: Sunday vs. Orlando, Thursday @ Portland, Friday @ Golden State. 
