Notebook: Wizards 90, Sixers 87 
 
 
 Benjamin Standig, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Mon Mar 04, 2013 1:39 AM - Updated Mon Mar 04, 2013 1:41 AM 
 
 THE FACTS:   John Wall  scored six of his 16 points in the final 93 seconds as the Washington Wizards rallied after losing a fourth quarter lead for a 90-87 win over the Philadelphia 76ers. 
 
 Martell Webster  also had 16 points and  Emeka Okafor  finished with 12 points and 16 rebounds for the Wizards (19-39). Washington had lost two straight, both at home, and appeared headed for a hat trick as Philadelphia led 87-84 with 2:10 remaining and leading scorer  Bradley Beal  went to the locker room with a sprained left ankle. 
 Not known as a viable perimeter shooter, Wall made a long jumper followed by two free throws, pushing Washington ahead 88-87 with 1:04 left. On the next defensive trip, Wall swatted  Evan Turner 's shot.  Nene  grabbed an offensive rebound on Washington's next possession and Wall took advantage, draining a 20-footer with 4.9 seconds remaining.  
 
 Dorell Wright  scored 15 points and  Jrue Holiday  had 14 for the 76ers (23-35), who have lost eight of nine games. After missing 12 of his first 14 field-goal attempts, Holiday capped a 13-2 run with a jumper, 3-pointer and two free throws as Philadelphia led 2:50 remaining. 
 Beal said postgame X-rays were negative, but the team remained uncertain how long their rookie starter would be out if at all. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I've proven myself in college. I just have to keep proving myself. I like the ball at the end of games. On those types of plays, you want to be the hero, you want to have the pressure. Sometimes you're going to succeed, sometimes you're going to fail. As long as you have confidence and believe in your ability, you're going to be alright. 
 
 -- Wall on making shots during the final stretch 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Over his previous eight games, Wall had committed at least five turnovers five times including in Friday's loss to New York. Collectively Washington committed 10 of its 16 turnovers in the second half against Philadelphia, but Wall accounted for only two overall while doling out six assists. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "John like he is always makes something happen. He got to the free throw line and again hit a big shot. Obviously we're disappointed. We really wanted to win that game." 
 
 -- Holiday on Wall and the 76ers' inability to win consecutive games for the first time since winning three   straight from Jan 30-Feb 4. 
 
 
 HOT:  The backcourt pairing of Wall and Beal, one of the NBA's most promising, was 13-for-23. Wall finished 7-for-11.  
 
 NOT:  Holiday found the basket late, but finished 4-for-19 from the field, missing five of seven from beyond the 3-point arc. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:   The Wizards had Nene back in the lineup after the power forward missed the previous two games with a sore right shoulder. The Brazilian big man scored 11 of his 15 points in the first half and grabbed nine rebounds. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "I honestly thought it was more serious than what it was, because at first, I really couldn't move my foot. I couldn't really feel it. I guess that's just what happens when you're in shock and your mind's just going all over the place." 
 
 -- Beal on his injury 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  Sixers guard  Nick Young  missed his second straight game with a left ankle sprain. Young, who spent the first 4 1/2 years of his career with the Wizards, has not played in Washington since the deadline deal last season shipped him to the Los Angeles Clippers.  Royal Ivey  started in Young's place. ...  Jan Vesely , No. 6 overall pick in the 2011 draft, played for the first time since Feb. 8. The Wizards forward played 16 minutes and scored six points after finishing with four in his previous 16 games. ... 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the 76ers, Tuesday vs. Boston, Wednesday @ Atlanta, Friday @ Miami; For the Wizards, Wednesday @ Minnesota, Friday @ Brooklyn, Saturday vs. Charlotte. 
