  Notebook: Sixers 109, Pacers 106 Posted Saturday April 21, 2012 11:16PM By Conrad Brunner, for NBA.com THE FACTS: David West  took care of things inside, but the Indiana Pacers were beaten outside.  Lou Williams  had a four-point play and a 3-pointer in overtime and scored 19 points to spur Philadelphia to a 109-106 victory over Indiana Saturday at Bankers Life Fieldhouse in Indianapolis. West scored a season-high 32 points and pulled 12 rebounds for his 12th double-double and his step-back jumper with 45.1 seconds left put the Pacers up 106-105. But Indiana came up empty on its final three possessions and  Jrue Holiday  scored twice on drives to give the Sixers (33-30) a much-needed win. Philadelphia reduced its magic number for clinching a playoff berth to one and move into a seventh-place tie with New York in the Eastern Conference playoff bracket. Indiana (41-23) had its seven-game win streak snapped and the Pacers' magic number for wrapping up the third seed remains at one. QUOTABLE:  "I could just feel our guys were so connected and it was a hell of a win. I spoke to them the other day and I said 'We worked so hard, I would just hate for this season to slip away from us. Let's give ourselves every chance to get in the playoffs. Let's see what we can do.' I think our guys responded. Indiana's going to mash you inside and knock you around, and you have to be able to take that."   -  Philadelphia head coach  Doug Collins . THE STAT: Danny Granger  had scored 28 points in the Pacers' first five overtime games, including four victories, but was shut out this time, missing his only shot, an off-balance 3-pointer in the closing seconds. TURNING POINT:  The Pacers had multiple opportunities to win but couldn't hit the big shots. They rallied from a 96-90 deficit in regulation to tie it at 98-all but  Paul George  missed a potential game-winning 3-pointer at the buzzer. Indiana missed two more 3-pointers in the final 18 seconds of overtime, one by  George Hill  that would've put them in front and the final shot by Granger that would've tied it. QUOTABLE II:  "He and I have been going against each other for eight years now. And when you see somebody that much you get used to each other and you kind of get a feel for their game. If he gets looks, open space, he can get into a rhythm and get it going. He's kind of an unorthodox player. He's strong and he has a great shot but with a quick release. You have to pay attention to him at all times. Tonight his stats don't show it, but he opens up the floor for his teammates. My main thing is just trying to keep him off the three-point line and not let him get comfortable. "   --  Philadelphia's  Andre Iguodala  on defending Granger HOT:  West topped 20 points for the third time in the last four games after doing so four times in the first 60, hitting 13 of 22 from the field. ...  Tyler Hansbrough  had his biggest game in weeks with 17 points on 8-of-14 shooting. ...  Elton Brand  scored 20 on 9-of-15 shooting for the Sixers. NOT:  Granger was the only Indiana starter to fail to score in double figures, producing four points on 2-of-12 shooting. ...  Roy Hibbert  struggled through a 2-of-10 night, and  Leandro Barbosa  was 2-of-9. ... Philly's two struggling starters continued to slump as  Nikola Vucevic  was 2-of-8 and  Jodie Meeks  2-of-7. QUOTABLE III:  "We didn't make enough big plays when we needed to. This hurt us in the outcome. It is certainly not what we wanted. We came up a little short but we also showed some sharpness out there. Philly made some big plays to hang in there and win."   --  West. GOOD MOVE:  After Hill's 3-pointer late in overtime missed, the rebound pinballed around until it wound up in the hands of Williams, who quickly fed a streaking Holiday for a dunk that made it 109-106 with 12.4 seconds left. BAD MOVE:  George came up empty in a couple of key situations, drawing a five-second violation and failing to get the ball inbounds with 12 seconds left in overtime. He could've won the game in regulation when he was isolated at the top of the key but lost his dribble and left himself with only an off-balance 3-pointer that was wide left. NOTABLE:  Granger had scored at least 18 points in the previous 14 games but finished with just four, though he did pull 11 rebounds. ... The Pacers enjoyed advantages of 23-10 on second-chance points and 48-32 on points in the paint. ... Hill appeared to tweak his left shoulder when fouled on a drive to the basket midway through the third quarter, but remained in the game. Hill missed 12 games in January with an injury to the same shoulder. When he checked back into the game midway through the fourth quarter, he was wearing a protective brace. ...  Darren Collison  returned after missing six of the previous seven games. Vogel announced another rotation change, with veteran small forward  Dahntay Jones  heading to the bench. Vogel wants to give George, who starts at shooting guard, additional minutes as a backup small forward. ... NFL Draft prospect  Ryan Tannehill , a quarterback from Texas A&M, Cincinnati Bengals cornerback  Terence Newman  and Pro Bowl wide receiver  Larry Fitzgerald  of the Arizona Cardinals were in the house. UP NEXT:  For the Pacers, Monday vs. Detroit, Wednesday vs. Chicago. For the Sixers, Monday @ New Jersey, Wednesday @ Milwaukee, Thursday @ Detroit.  