  Celtics-Jazz notebook   By Andrew Aragon, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday March 1, 2011 1:43AM THE FACTS: Ray Allen  scored 25 points and shot 5-for-8 from 3-point range to lead the Boston Celtics to a 107-102 win over the Utah Jazz on Monday night. Each of the Celtics' starting five scored in double figures.  Paul Pierce  had 21 points and  Kevin Garnett  had 18 points and 16 rebounds. For the Jazz,  Al Jefferson  continued his recent stretch of outstanding play as he had 28 points and 19 rebounds. QUOTABLE:  "We closed out the game pretty well, but we want to be more good than lucky. I thought even though we made shots, it was off of broken plays where our execution was not where it's usually at."   -- Celtics coach  Doc Rivers  on not being entirely satisfied with Monday night's win THE STAT:  46.7. One of the differences between the two teams was Boston's 3-point shooting. The Celtics shot 46.7 percent (7-for-15) from 3-point range, while the Jazz were just 1-for-7 from 3-point range. TURNING POINT:  After  Glen Davis  gave the Celtics the lead for good at 95-94, Boston got stops on Utah's next two possessions. Following the first stop, Allen drained his fifth 3-pointer of the game to put the Celtics up 98-94. The Jazz got closer at 98-96, but Pierce sank a 3-pointer to make it 101-96. Utah got within two points three more times, but the Celtics continued to make clutch shots. QUOTABLE II:  "Very, very satisfied. A lot of things have taken place over the last few weeks for us, still being away from home since the All-Star break. There's always opportunity for when complacency settles in for the last game of the road trip and I think right now we're satisfied that we ran through to the finish line and finished this trip off."   -- Allen on the Celtics finishing off their four-game road trip against Western Conference opponents with a victory. Boston went 3-1 on the trip. HOT:  Allen continues to produce during his remarkable career. He made three of his 3-pointers in the first quarter and shot 9-for-15 overall. Jazz newcomers  Devin Harris  and  Derrick Favors  both shot well. Harris was 6-for-11 and Favors was 4-for-5. NOT:  Davis struggled from the field, shooting 2-for-6. Utah's  C.J. Miles  was 1-for-6 and rookie  Gordon Hayward  was 1-for-5. The Jazz shot 37 percent in the fourth quarter. GOOD MOVE:  Rivers called a well-timed timeout after the Celtics fell behind 10-2, and his players responded to whatever he said. Boston outscored Utah 25-4 in the game's next seven minutes, shooting 10-for-13 during the span. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Harris' fantasy value has been higher in Utah since he was traded from New Jersey, and it should continue to rise. He had 19 points, five assists and just two turnovers. He scored better than his average (15.0) INSIDE THE ARENA:  Celtics fans travel well, and they made their presence known against the Jazz. Chants of "Let's go Boston" were heard a few times during the contest. ROOKIE WATCH:  For Boston,  Avery Bradley  played six minutes in the first half and had four points and one rebound. Favors had nine points, four rebounds, one assist and a blocked shot in less than 16 minutes. Hayward had four points in 21-plus minutes. NOTABLE:  Jefferson and Garnett were whistled for a double technical after fighting for position in the paint with 3:12 left in the game. ... The Jazz have lost six straight home games. ... Boston has won five of its last six games. ... Pierce shot nine free throws in the second quarter. ...  Rajon Rondo  had a double-double with 18 points and 11 assists. UP NEXT:  For the Celtics, Wednesday vs. Suns, Friday vs. Warriors, Sunday @ Milwaukee. For the Jazz, Thursday vs. Nuggets, Saturday vs. Kings, Monday @ New York.  