  Heat-Cavs notebook   By Brian Dulik, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday March 29, 2011 11:12PM THE FACTS:  Miami forward  LeBron James  had a triple-double with 27 points, 10 rebounds and 12 assists, but the Cleveland Cavaliers never trailed en route to a 102-90 upset of the Heat. Cleveland built a 23-point lead in the third quarter, then rode the inspired play of  Anthony Parker  and  Ryan Hollins  to hold on in the fourth. Power forward  J.J. Hickson  led the Cavaliers with 21 points and 12 rebounds. QUOTABLE:  "All I want to say is you [fans] deserve this. You guys deserve it because you've been so great for us all year. That's all I want to say."   -- Cavaliers shooting guard Anthony Parker THE STAT:  Ex-Cavaliers superstar James racked up 13 points in the first 11 minutes, but was held scoreless for the next 24:05 as Cleveland small forwards  Christian Eyenga  and  Alonzo Gee  turned up the defensive pressure. "King James" later went into stat-padding mode by scoring Miami's final seven points. "I'm sure this win is probably special to a lot of people," Cavaliers coach  Byron Scott  said. TURNING POINT:  After Heat guard  Mike Bibby  buried a 3-pointer to tie the score at 83-83 with 7:02 left in the fourth, Cleveland hit Miami with a 12-0 run to regain command. Parker made a 3-pointer and an old fashioned three-point play during the game-deciding stretch, while Hollins contributed a running two-hand dunk after rejecting Heat power forward  Chris Bosh  at the other end of the floor. QUOTABLE II:  "The last game here [a 118-90 loss to Miami on Dec. 2] left a bad taste in my mouth. They embarrassed us, and I was still a little ticked off by what happened. This was a great win."   -- Cavaliers coach Byron Scott HOT:  Parker broke out of his prolonged shooting slump by scoring 20 points on 7-for-9 from the floor. He also made all four of his 3-point attempts -- and had a fifth triple taken away by a video review. "This was such a great feeling because the last time we played them here, we were embarrassed and [Miami] took a little bit from us," Parker said. "This was the night that we wanted to get them back." NOT:  Miami's bench did not score in the second half and had just four points over the final three quarters. On the evening, reserves  Juwan Howard ,  James Jones ,  Joel Anthony ,  Eddie House  and  Zydrunas Ilgauskas  combined for six points on 3-for-12 shooting in 66 minutes. "Defensively, our guys are starting to understand what we need to do," Scott said. "We were pretty solid all night on the defensive end." QUOTABLE III:  "Even when I played here, the atmosphere was great. The fans are unbelievable -- I've always said that -- and it was great for their team tonight."   -- Heat small forward LeBron James GOOD MOVE:  Miami guard  Dwyane Wade  and James kept setting up Bibby beyond the arc, which paid off as the veteran went 7-for-11 on 3-pointers. Bibby was 6-for-8 from downtown in the second half as the Heat erased a 71-48 deficit before Cleveland regrouped for the win. "This is a disappointing loss," Miami coach  Erik Spoelstra  said. "We are not playing to our identity that we are capable of." BAD MOVE:  Bosh refused to use his long, 6-foot-11 frame to attack the basket for Miami, only attempting two foul shots (and making none). He grabbed exactly one defensive rebound -- on a missed free throw by the Cavaliers -- and finished with four total boards in 33 minutes. "We've talked about it all season long, not allowing teams to get into the paint and get easy layups," Scott said. NOTABLE:  James made a 53-footer to end the third quarter that was initially ruled after the buzzer, but was overturned by lead official  Ed Malloy  following a lengthy video review. The NBA office, however, ruled after the game that the basket should not have counted because the officials misapplied the replay rules. ... "The Chosen One" lost to his former team for the first time in four games. ... James' triple-double was the first at Quicken Loans Arena since Sacramento's  Beno Udrih  on March 28, 2010. ... Cleveland needs one win in its final nine games to avoid finishing with the worst mark in franchise history. ... Wade had 24 points and six assists, while Bibby scored 23. Bosh was limited to 10 points and four boards. ... Point guard  Baron Davis  had 10 points and seven assists in his first start for the Cavaliers. UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Wednesday @ Washington, Friday @ Minnesota, Sunday @ New Jersey. For the Cavaliers, Wednesday @ Charlotte, Friday @ Washington, Sunday @ New York.  