Notebook: Heat 109, Cavaliers 105 
 
 
 Zachary Paul, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Feb 24, 2013 9:18 PM - Updated Sun Feb 24, 2013 9:18 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:  The Miami Heat defeated the Cleveland Cavaliers 109-105 Sunday at AmericanAirlines Arena.  
 A strong fourth quarter by  Dwyane Wade  kept the Heat from blowing a 22-point, first-half lead to capture their 11th straight victory. Wade scored 15 of his 24 points in the fourth to help the Heat rally from an eight-point deficit in the quarter.  
 The Heat regained the good when forward  Shane Battier  hit a 3-pointer from the wing to make it 103-101 with 1:27 left. Guard  Mario Chalmers  then sealed with a pair of free throws with 18.2 seconds remaining.  
 Forward  LeBron James  led all scorers with 28 points and eight assists. The Heat had five players in double figures, including Chalmers (16), Battier (14) and  Ray Allen  (11).  
 The Cavs were led by  Dion Waiters ' 26 points.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "Our team was a little slow, four games in a five nights. A young team came in and put it on us, but we're a veteran team. We found a way and we got ourselves an opportunity to get back in the game. We smelled it and we took it from there." --  Wade . 
 
 
 THE STAT:   The Heat shot 12 of 19 (62 percent) from the 3-point line.   
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Heat went on an 11-2 run late in the fourth quarter, keyed by nine points from Wade. Miami trailed 97-89 with 5:16 left.  
 
 HOT:  Wade got hot at the right the time. After starting 3-of-8 from the field, he closed with a strong fourth quarter. His play late kept the Heat afloat.  
 
 NOT:  It was perhaps the first time forward  Chris Andersen  didn't appear a good fit with the Heat. At times, he looked lost and not on the same page with teammates. It showed he's not there yet conditioning-wise.  
 
 GOOD MOVE:  After James carried the load for three quarters, the Heat turned things over to Wade in the fourth. James became somewhat passive, almost deferring to the hotter Wade.     
 
 BAD MOVE:  The Cavs showed their youth in the closing moments. They took several bad shots after playing with poise for most of the game. In the end, this loss could be blamed on their lack of experience.  
 
 NOTABLE:  The Heat improved to 24-3 at home ... Heat swingman  Mike Miller , who missed three games with an ear and sinus infection, was active ... The Cavs were without role player  Omri Casspi , who remains hospitalized after having his appendix removed. Also inactive was  Daniel Gibson . He didn't play for personal reasons.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Tuesday vs. Kings, Friday vs. Grizzlies, Sunday @ Knicks. For the Cavs, Tuesday at Bulls, Wednesday vs. Raptors, Friday vs. Clippers.  
