  Spurs-Grizzlies notebook   By Marlon W. Morgan, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday March 1, 2011 11:49PM THE FACTS:  The Memphis Grizzlies didn't miss a beat when center  Marc Gasol  picked up his second technical foul with 5:12 remaining in the first quarter. All they did was plug in forward  Darrell Arthur , who put up 21 points, eight rebounds and three blocked shots as the Grizzlies atoned for Sunday's loss at San Antonio with a convincing 109-93 win over the Spurs at FedExForum. QUOTABLE:  "We're not going to lie down at any point. We're going to keep fighting. We're going to try to make the playoffs. That's our goal for this year. And we don't care who's in our way. We're going to fight and not give up."    -- Grizzlies forward Darrell Arthur THE STAT:  The Grizzlies lead the league in forcing turnovers and steals, which have been their calling card all season. But to have the kind of success they did against the Spurs Tuesday is almost unheard of. The Grizzlies recorded 11 steals and forced the Spurs into 22 turnovers, seven of those coming in the first quarter. The Spurs' turnovers led to 30 points for the Grizzlies. TURNING POINT:  Leading 61-52 at the half, the Grizzlies took complete control of the game in the third quarter, holding San Antonio to just 15 points to build an 83-67 cushion heading into the final period. GOOD MOVE:  With Gasol out, Grizzlies coach  Lionel Hollins  had to decide how best to divvy up the minutes at the center and power forward positions. One of the things that helped maximize minutes came when he decided to play small forward  Shane Battier  at the power forward position to help give Arthur a blow. HOT:  Forced into playing major minutes in the second half with Gasol's absence, Arthur was a matchup nightmare for the Spurs in the second half, scoring 15 of his 21 points. He started out doing most of his damage via the midrange jumper. Then when the Spurs started coming out to cover him, he began driving past them, one of those being a nice spin move early in the fourth quarter. NOT:  Filling for injured starting point guard  Tony Parker , who is out two to four weeks with a strained calf muscle,  George Hill  had an off night. Hill scored just six points on 2-for-6 shooting. QUOTABLE II:  "They are eighth and fighting for a spot in the playoffs. They wanted it more than us. We won in San Antonio because we had the juice and aggressiveness. Today, we didn't have it and they kicked our butts. We were a little soft with the ball. We knew they were going to jump on us. They still got us on our heels and we were not aggressive enough. We got fouled more against a team that plays like that. We were exposed."    -- Spurs guard  Manu Ginobili NOTABLE:  The Grizzlies won a season-high fifth consecutive home game, their longest home streak since winning a franchise-record 11 straight last season (Dec. 18, 2009-Jan. 25, 2010). They have also won 13 of their last 15 games at FedExForum, with their only losses coming against the Los Angeles Lakers and Chicago. ... The Grizzlies' 16-point win tied their largest margin of victory ever against the Spurs. It was just the third time in 62 meetings that they had a double-digit win against San Antonio. ... Grizzlies forward  Zach Randolph , not exactly noted for his defense, had a season-high four steals. ... For the second time this season, the Grizzlies failed to make a 3-point, going 0-for-5 from long distance. They are, however, 2-0 in those games, with the other being a win against Houston on Jan. 21. UP NEXT:  For the Spurs, Wednesday @ Cleveland, Friday vs. Miami, Sunday vs. L.A. Lakers. For the Grizzlies, Friday vs. New Orleans, Sunday @ Dallas, Monday vs. Oklahoma City.  