  Notebook: Mavericks 96, Clippers 92 Posted Tuesday February 14, 2012 12:13AM By Dave Ivey, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Weak free-throw shooting by  Blake Griffin  and a strong fourth quarter by  Dirk Nowitzki  added up to yet another defeat in Dallas for the Los Angeles Clippers, who dropped their 10th straight road game against the Mavericks, 96-92, on Monday night. Caron Butler  had a season-high 23 points for the Clippers and Griffin scored 20 despite missing his first seven foul shots, including five in the final quarter. He finished 2-for-9 at the stripe. Nowitzki was only 5-for-15 from the field, but scored 11 of his 22 points in the fourth quarter. The Mavericks were killed on the boards (50-36), making up for it with 22 points off 21 turnovers. QUOTABLE:  "We're very happy with the way that we're playing right now. People are coming to play defensively and guys are getting better every day. We're winning games against tough teams."  --  Center  Brendan Haywood  on the Mavericks' four-game winning streak. THE STAT:  The Mavericks won for the first time this season when they were behind entering the fourth quarter (0-9 before Monday). The Clippers were up 76-74 after three periods. TURNING POINT:  With 9.8 seconds left and Dallas leading 94-92,  Jason Kidd  attempted a long inbounds pass that was intercepted by  Chris Paul . Paul pushed the ball upcourt and found Butler at the 3-point line. Butler was 5-for-9 behind the arc at that point and had a decent look, but was off the mark and got Kidd off the hook. QUOTABLE II:  "We got a good look, so Caron pulled up. He had been shooting it pretty well for the night and hit some big shots, so I had no problem with that."  --  Clippers head coach  Vinny Del Negro  on the decision not to call a timeout after the steal by Paul. QUOTABLE III:  "It felt real good. I got my feet up under me, followed through. It was a routine shot, just fell a little short."  --  Butler on his missed 3-pointer with 3.9 seconds remaining. HOT:  The Mavs have been playing stingy defense lately, particularly in the early going. The Clippers scored 19 points in the first quarter, the fourth time in the last five games that Dallas has held its opponent to fewer than 20 in the opening period. The Mavericks only held three teams below 20 in their first 24 games. Dallas is 6-1 in those games. NOT:  Griffin is shooting just 52.2 percent (96-for-184) at the charity stripe this season, down from 64.2 percent during his Rookie of the Year campaign in 2010-11. GOOD MOVE: Shawn Marion , the Mavericks' most versatile defender, drew another tough assignment against the smaller, quicker Paul and held his own. Both players finished with 16 points. Paul dished nine assists, but also committed a team-high five turnovers. BAD MOVE:  The Clippers turned it over nine times in the fourth quarter alone, allowing the Mavericks to pull out the victory despite shooting 31.7 percent (13-for-41) in the second half. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Haywood scored all 10 of his points in the first quarter and topped Dallas with nine rebounds. ...  Mo Williams  contributed 11 points, four rebounds, three assists and two steals off the bench for L.A.  Kenyon Martin  scored in double figures for the first time with his new team, tallying 10 points on 5-for-7 shooting. NOTABLE:  The Mavericks gave Butler his 2011 NBA championship ring before the game. He played 29 games for Dallas last season before suffering a ruptured patellar tendon on New Year's Day, ending his season. ... Los Angeles finished 4-2 on its road trip. ... The Clippers haven't won in Dallas since April 19, 2006. ... The Mavericks are 12-1 when Marion scores at least 13 points. ... Dallas hasn't trailed by more than four points during its four-game winning streak. ... Kidd played in his 1,286th career game, tying former Maverick  Sam Perkins  for 13th place on the all-time list. UP NEXT:  For the Mavericks, Wednesday vs. Denver, Friday @ Philadelphia, Sunday @ New York. For the Clippers, Wednesday vs. Washington, Thursday @ Portland, Saturday vs. San Antonio.  