  Suns-Jazz notebook   By Andrew Aragon, for NBA.com Posted Saturday February 12, 2011 1:46AM THE FACTS:   Steve Nash  had 18 points and 10 assists as the Phoenix Suns spoiled  Tyrone Corbin 's coaching debut with a 95-83 win over the Utah Jazz on Friday night. Hakim Warrick  came off the bench to score 16 points and  Robin Lopez  chipped in 14 points and six rebounds for the Suns, who have won six of their last seven games. For the Jazz, playing in their first game since former coach  Jerry Sloan  resigned on Thursday,  Deron Williams  had 19 points and 14 assists. QUOTABLE:  "I think he gave us energy. We were struggling a little bit, getting outhustled on some plays and I thought that he just stepped up and really gave us the energy that we needed."   -- Suns coach  Alvin Gentry  on the spark provided by Warrick in Friday's game. THE STAT:  27. After a solid first half in which they led throughout, the Jazz offense fell apart in the second half. Utah scored just 27 points and shot 32.4 percent. The Jazz scored 13 points in the third quarter and 14 in the fourth quarter. TURNING POINT:  The game was tied 73-73 with 11:06 left, and the Suns then proceeded to hold the Jazz to two points in the next seven minutes. Phoenix outscored Utah 12-2 during the span with Warrick scoring five of the points. The Jazz missed eight shots and had two turnovers during the game-deciding stretch. QUOTABLE II:  "We ran out of gas. I mean, I don't know if it was emotions in the first half, when we showed up for the game, but the second half we just got away from everything we were doing."   -- Jazz coach Tyrone Corbin on his team's struggles in the second half. HOT:  Warrick was a sparkplug off the bench, shooting 6-for-8. For the Jazz, rookie  Gordon Hayward  shot 5-for-5 and scored 14 points in 30 minutes of play.  Paul Millsap  had 16 points on 7-for-10 shooting. The Jazz shot 65 percent in the first quarter before going ice cold from the field. NOT:   Channing Frye  shot 2-for-11 and  Jared Dudley  was 1-for-7 for Phoenix. The Suns missed their first seven shots and shot 25 percent in the first quarter.  Al Jefferson  had perhaps his worst game as a member of the Jazz, shooting 2-for-14 and scoring 14 points. Jefferson did, however, have 12 rebounds. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  When Warrick gets minutes, he produces. He played 21-plus minutes against the Jazz and had six rebounds, three assists and a steal to go along with 16 points. When Warrick plays at least 22 minutes, he averages 17 points per game. Of course, it's risky for fantasy owners to put him in their lineup when they don't know how much he's going to play. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Williams usually receives the loudest cheers from home fans during pregame introductions. But the reaction was mixed on Friday because of his perceived role in Sloan resigning. After he scored eight points and dished nine assists in the first quarter, there were no more boos. The Suns had an unusually large number of fans for a road team in EnergySolutions Arena. ROOKIE WATCH:  Hayward had one of his best games during his rookie season, contributing four rebounds, an assist and no turnovers to go along with his 14 points. Suns rookie  Zabian Dowdell  played 14 minutes and scored six points on 2-for-8 shooting. NOTABLE:   Andrei Kirilenko  sprained his right ankle with 2:43 left in the second quarter and did not return. He had eight points on 3-for-3 shooting and five rebounds before leaving. The Suns are 2-0 against the Jazz this season. It was the fourth consecutive home loss for Utah. Phoenix improved to 4-15 in games in which it scores fewer than 100 points.  C.J. Miles , starting for an injured  Raja Bell , had 19 points and six rebounds for the Jazz. UP NEXT:  For the Suns, Sunday vs. Kings, Tuesday vs. Jazz, Thursday vs. Mavericks. For the Jazz, Tuesday @ Phoenix, Wednesday vs. Warriors, Feb. 23 @ Dallas.  