Notebook: Pacers 95, Jazz 86 
 
 
 Andrew Aragon, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Thu Dec 05, 2013 12:49 AM - Updated Thu Dec 05, 2013 12:49 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Indiana Pacers broke a six-game losing streak in Utah, winning here for the first time since 2005.  
 
 THE LEAD:  It was just a matter of time.  
    The league-best Indiana Pacers weren't at their greatest on Wednesday night, but they earned a 95-86 grind-it-out victory over the Utah Jazz. The Pacers played what they're known for -- stifling defense -- in the second half, pulling away after trailing by double digits in the first half.  
 
 Paul George  led a balanced attack, scoring 19 points while five other Pacers scored in double figures.  Lance Stephenson  had 15 points.  
      For the Jazz,  Derrick Favors  (22 points, 13 rebounds) and  Enes Kanter  (20 points, 10 rebounds) each recorded double-doubles. Rookie point guard  Trey Burke  had 13 points and a career-high nine assists for Utah.    
 
 QUOTABLE:  "Games aren't always going to go your way. But when you can play an imperfect game and still grind it out and get a 'W' it's good thing." 
 -- Pacers coach  Frank Vogel   
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Pacers showed why they lead the league in field-goal percentage defense and points allowed per game in the second half. Indiana held Utah to 13 made baskets and 38.2 percent shooting after halftime.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Pacers put the game away with a 13-3 run in the fourth quarter. Indiana, not surprisingly, was balanced even in putting the Jazz away. Six different players scored for the Pacers during their game-clinching run.  Luis Scola  started the spurt with a jumper, George finished a steal with a dunk,  C.J. Watson  buried a 3-pointer, Stephenson made a layup following a sweet assist from  David West ,  Roy Hibbert  hit a hook shot and West capped it with a jumper to put Indiana ahead 88-76 with 3:39 remaining.  
 
 HOT:  Some of Indiana's unheralded players were among its best against the Jazz. Scola, who averaged 8.0 points per game prior to Wednesday, had 12 points in the first half. Scola, who George said is a luxury for the Pacers following the game, finished with 14 points. Watson hit two big 3-pointers. The first put some distance between the two teams, giving the Pacers a 75-69 lead early in the fourth quarter. The second gave Indiana an 82-76 lead, and answered a 3-pointer by Utah's  Gordon Hayward  just as the Jazz seemed to have a chance to build momentum.  
 
 NOT:  Hayward broke out of his shooting slump on Monday, but he was neck-deep in it again on Wednesday. He shot 3-for-14 against his home state Pacers. He was just 1-for-7 inside of 3-point range. Indiana overcame some cold shooting stretches. The Pacers missed eight straight shots during a 7-for-21 shooting performance in the first quarter. They also missed their first 12 3-point attempts.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "It was just a relief. I wasn't able to shoot the ball well. I was just fatigued out there. I was just trying to will a win for us."  
 -- Paul George on pointing to the heavens after making his first 3-pointer after missing his first seven attempts from long range 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  The Pacers were sluggish in the first half. Hibbert's asthma kicked in, and George said his lungs were burning early in the game because of the high altitude. Indiana, however, did what elite teams do, and just kept grinding. The Pacers eventually got their lungs back, and their efforts to end their losing streak in Utah were impressive.    
 
 BAD MOVE:  Utah's offense flowed freely in the first half with Burke leading the way. But in the second half it mostly ground to a halt. The Jazz got stagnant, didn't make as many hard cuts, set as many screens or dish extra passes, playing right into the Pacers' hands.    
 
 NOTABLE:  Utah's  Brandon Rush  hit a jumper early in the second quarter. It was the first points he's scored in the NBA in a little more than 13 months after he tore his ACL while playing for the Golden State Warriors last season. The Jazz were without starter  Marvin Williams  (sore right heel) and reserve  Jeremy Evans  (stomach flu). Indiana's bench outscored Utah's 28-15. The Jazz recorded just two offensive rebounds in the second half. Stephenson got a technical foul after he was whistled for an offensive foul and threw the ball over his shoulder in the fourth quarter.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Pacers, Thursday @ San Antonio, Sunday at Oklahoma City, Tuesday vs. Miami. For the Jazz, Friday @ Portland, Saturday vs. Sacramento, Monday vs. Portland. 
