  Wizards-Kings notebook   By Rich Dubroff, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday January 11, 2011 11:47PM THE FACTS: Nick Young  scored a career-high 43 points,  John Wall  added 22 and  Kirk Hinrich  had 14 in the fourth quarter and overtime to lead the Washington Wizards to a wild 136-133 win over the Sacramento Kings on Tuesday night. Young scored 16 straight points in the last 3:49 of the third quarter, but the Kings climbed back and overcame a six-point deficit with 12 seconds remaining in regulation to send the game into overtime. The Kings, who are 2-12 on the road, and losers of 11 straight away from home, were led by  Francisco Garcia  and  Beno Udrih  with 26.  Carl Landry  had 23. Garcia and Landry's were season highs. QUOTABLE:  "I just had a lot of confidence after I hit three shots in a row. I just felt like I couldn't miss."   -- Young on his hot night. THE STAT:  The Wizards' 136 points were the most since they scored 144 against Phoenix on Dec. 22, 2006. They had their first 40-point quarter of the season. TURNING POINT:  Hinrich getting hot in overtime, scoring three quick baskets to give Washington a five-point lead.. QUOTABLE II:  "I told him he needed to start working on his assists, but he didn't listen to me."   -- Sacramento coach  Paul Westphal  on Young's outstanding scoring night. HOT:  Young's 43 points were the most by a Wizard this season, and were just three away from the most scored by any NBA player this year. NOT:  In his first game against Wall,  DeMarcus Cousins  was just 4-for-19 from the field. Wall and Cousins spent a year at the University of Kentucky and left after their freshman year in 2010. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  For those rushing to acquire Young for their teams, keep in mind that he had just seven points in his previous game against Charlotte. GOOD MOVE:  Young kept being left open and kept shooting. You can't go with 43. BAD MOVE:  The Kings leaving Young open in the third quarter when he drilled four straight 3-pointers. ROOKIE WATCH:  Besides 22 points, Wall had nine assists and six rebounds. He also had six turnovers.  Trevor Booker , Washington's rookie forward, had two points in two minutes, and  Kevin Seraphim , their rookie center, had two points in five minutes. Cousins had 10 points and eight rebounds in 37 minutes. G  Pooh Jeter  had a career-high 11 assists and nine points in 21 minutes. INSIDE THE ARENA: Omri Casspi , the first Israeli to play in the NBA, had lots of fans waving the Israeli flag as the Wizards celebrated Jewish Heritage Night NOTABLE: Andray Blatche  suffered a sprained right shoulder in the fourth quarter. He finished with 16 points and 13 rebounds. Wall left the game with cramps during overtime. UP NEXT:  For the Kings: Wednesday @ Celtics, Friday @ Knicks, Saturday @ Pistons. For the Wizards: Thursday @ Timberwolves, Saturday vs. Raptors, Monday vs. Jazz.  