Notebook: New York 101, Charlotte 91 
 
 
 Derek Smith, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Nov 08, 2013 10:53 PM - Updated Fri Nov 08, 2013 10:53 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  New York spoiled the head coaching debut of Knicks legend, Hall of Famer and current Charlotte assistant coach  Patrick Ewing  on Friday night.  
 
 THE LEAD:   Carmelo Anthony  scored 28 points and  Andrea Bargnani  added 25 as the New York Knicks avenged their loss to the Charlotte Bobcats earlier this week with a 101-91 victory Friday night at Time Warner Cable Arena.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We finally put together a 48-minute ballgame together. They made their runs, but we withstood it. Our offense was as good as it's been in this early part of the season. I want our guys to understand that we can't come out and be soft. Tonight we maintained on both ends." 
 -- New York head coach  Mike Woodson 
 
 
 THE STAT:  New York was hot from beyond the 3-point line Friday in Charlotte. The Knicks sank 12-of-26 attempts (.426), which was more than 50 percent better than their season average of 7.3 per game. They also almost doubled their shooting percentage of 24.3 percent. New York scored 36 points from behind the arc compared to just 12 for the Bobcats.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Knicks called timeout with 3:15 to play in the third after Charlotte had closed to a 10-point gap. New York sank three straight 3-point baskets to push the lead to a game-high 19 points and a more than comfortable 83-64 lead. The Knicks made 6-of-7 3-point attempts in the third quarter while shooting 73 percent en route to snapping a three-game losing skid. 
 
 HOT:   Andrea Bargnani  was forced to play center Friday night and was a force on both ends of the court. The former No. 1 draft pick scored 25 points, grabbed eight rebounds, dished out three assists and blocked five shots. The rebound, assist and block totals all matched or eclipsed his season totals in those categories.  
 
 NOT:   Charlotte's center,  Bismack Biyombo , didn't fare as well Friday night. He failed to make a field goal and scored just three points in 26 minutes of play. Biyombo was also unable to matchup with Bargnani on the perimeter.  
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:   Carmelo Anthony  led the Knicks in all three statistical categories Friday. He netted 28 points, a season-high six assists and grabbed eight rebounds. Anthony is averaging 30.0 points in the last two games and has scored 22 or more in the last four games and led the team in scoring in each game this season. He has scored in double figures in 20 consecutive games dating back to last season.  
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  Former Denver Broncos and Washington Redskins running back  Clinton Portis  was in attendance Friday night and seated behind the Knicks bench. The Bobcats and Wells Fargo announced a Yellow Ribbon program that will honor veterans for their service to the country during one home game per month and had their first honoree Friday night and presented him with a check for $1,000.00. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Charlotte's  Cody Zelle r saw 23 minutes of action and had three points and two rebounds.  Tim Hardaway Jr.  played for the Knicks scoring five points in 14 minutes of play.  
 
 NOTABLE:  Bobcats guard  Kemba Walker  scored a season-high tying 25 points. It was his third time scoring 20 points or more in his last five games and his fifth double-figure scoring output in six games this season. Gerald Henderson scored 18 points and grabbed a season-high nine rebounds. Henderson has tallied 18 or more points in each of his last three games.  Michael Kidd-Gilchrist  scored 14 points on 6-of-11 shooting. He is averaging 14.7 points on 68 percent shooting over a three-game span. With his 15 points,  Raymond Felton  scored in double figures for the fourth time in five games. The Knicks improved to 4-1 in their last five games at Time Warner Cable Arena.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Sunday vs. San Antonio, Wednesday @ Atlanta, Thursday vs. Houston. For the Bobcats, Monday vs. Atlanta, Wednesday @ Boston, Friday @ Cleveland. 
