  Notebook: Celtics 94, Clippers 85 Posted Tuesday March 13, 2012 2:46AM By Dan Arritt, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  A day after blowing a five-point lead down the stretch against the Lakers, the Celtics turned the tables on the Clippers and erased a four-point deficit in the final four minutes Monday night, winning for the seventh time in the last nine games, 94-85, at Staples Center. QUOTABLE:  "It was a game of runs, really. It has to do with our defense. We talked about last night and we were angry because we were not able to get any stops, and we talked about if we are going to be a defensive team, then we have to get stops down the stretch."  --  Celtics head coach  Doc Rivers . THE STAT:  The Celtics came into the game 8-17 on the season when getting outrebounded. The Clippers owned a 51-42 edge on the boards, but Boston earned the victory anyway. The Celtics also improved to 12-1 when scoring between 90-99 points. The only loss was against the Lakers the day before, 97-94. TURNING POINT:  Trailing by four points after a 3-point basket by Clippers reserve forward  Bobby Simmons  with 4:22 remaining, the Celtics called timeout and devised a plan to go inside against Simmons, who is on his second 10-day contract.  Kevin Garnett  got inside position for an easy basket, and  Rajon Rondo  scored on a fast-break lay up after a turnover by  Blake Griffin . Simmons was then called for an offensive foul on the other end, and followed that up by fouling  Paul Pierce  after the cagey veteran got position down low. Pierce made both free throws and  Chris Paul  missed a 3-pointer on the other end, leading to a 3-point basket by Pierce and the completion of a 9-0 run that gave the Celtics a 83-78 lead with 2:47 left. The Clippers cut the deficit back to three a couple times but couldn't get any closer. HOT:  Garnett had the unenviable task of guarding the much younger and more active  DeAndre Jordan , and also taking turns against Griffin. Not an easy workload after playing 35 minutes the day before against  Andrew Bynum  and the Lakers. The 35-year-old veteran responded, however, scoring 21 points and grabbing eight rebounds while playing another 35 minutes. His turnaround, fadeaway jumper over Simmons with 38 seconds remaining pushed the lead back to five points and sent the Clippers to their eighth loss in the last 12 games. NOT:  Somebody needs to take the scoring pressure off Griffin and Paul and that person would normally be  Caron Butler . However, the veteran small forward continued his disappearing act for the Clippers, shooting 3-for-13 and scoring seven points. In the Clippers' last eight losses, Butler is a combined 16-for-75 from the field (21.3 percent). GOOD MOVE:  Jordan came into the game third in the league in blocked shots and may have invented another statistical category, the grabbed shot. On the possession after he and Garnett received technical fouls for bumping each other, Jordan went high in the air as Rondo threw up a wild lay up and grabbed the ball with two hands. That seemed to fire up the Clippers, as they closed the second quarter on a 19-10 run to take a 48-39 lead into the half. BAD MOVE:  The Clippers began the fourth quarter with the ball and trailing by a point, but Clippers coach  Vinny Del Negro  must have forgot to devise a play during the break. After dribbling the ball on the perimeter for 21 seconds, Paul finally began driving to the basket but before he could let go of his lay up, the shot clock expired. QUOTABLE II:  "We weren't getting enough stops. We didn't push them into transition. It's tough that we can't close games out. They defended us really well and forced us into some tough shots. We just have to get better."  --  Chris Paul. NOTABLE:  Garnett passed  Moses Malone  for 11th all time on the minutes-played list. Another former Celtics center,  Robert Parish , is next at No. 10. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Wednesday vs. Atlanta, Thursday vs. Phoenix, Saturday vs. Houston. For the Celtics, Wednesday @ Golden State, Friday @ Sacramento, Saturday @ Denver.  