  Celtics-Cavs notebook   By Sam Amico, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday November 30, 2010 10:55PM THE FACTS:   Rajon Rondo  turned Cleveland's final tune-up before  LeBron James  and Miami into one big reminder of who still owns the Eastern Conference. That would be none other than the Boston Celtics, who scored a relatively easy 106-87 road win over the Cavaliers on Tuesday. Rondo finished with game-highs of 23 points and 12 assists, as well as five rebounds. He received unlikely help from non-Big Three members  Glen Davis  and  Marquis Daniels , who came off the bench to score 17 and 16 points, respectively, for the Celtics (13-4). Davis also grabbed 11 rebounds.  Anderson Varejao  led the Cavs (7-10) with 16 points and 12 boards. QUOTABLE:  "I thought the bench turned the game around. They pounded it down low to [Davis] and Marquis. I thought those were the two guys changed that changed game for us."    -- Celtics coach  Doc Rivers THE STAT:  60. The Celtics scored a whopping 60 points in the paint, compared to 26 for the Cavs. What makes that number even more remarkable is the fact the Celtics didn't need a lot of shots to do it, as they made 51 percent (44-for-87) of their field goals. Interestingly, that was only slightly worse than their 56 percent shooting on free throws. TURNING POINT:  As Rivers mentioned, the bench was the difference, as guys like Davis, Daniels and  Nate Robinson  (eight points, four rebounds) helped the Celtics turn a 23-21 deficit at the end of the first quarter into a 56-45 lead at halftime. Rivers credited the performance to extra practice time -- as the reserves held their own session Monday before the starters arrived. QUOTABLE II:  "We stopped doing the things that got us the lead. We started to let the ball stick. Once you let the ball stick against that team, it gets really tough to score."    -- Cavs guard  Daniel Gibson HOT:  Rondo's 23 points came on 11-for-17 shooting. He has now recorded eight double-doubles in the 14 games in which he's played. Not bad for a guy who received treatment after the game for a tender hamstring and foot. NOT:  Cavs forward  J.J. Hickson  wasn't a total loss, as he grabbed a season-high 11 rebounds. But his lone point came on a free throw with 1:10 left in the game. "He's still searching but he'll be fine," Scott said. "Just like the rest of our guys. We'll be fine." FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:   Ramon Sessions  came off Cleveland's bench to score 14 points and pass for four assists. Also, keep an eye on Daniels, who may be looked upon to score for the Celtics now that  Delonte West  (wrist surgery) will miss extended time. NOTABLE:  The Cavs led by nine points midway through the first quarter. The Celtics led by as many as 20 in the second half. ...  Kevin Garnett  recored his eighth double-double of the season with 11 points and 10 rebounds. ... The Cavs compiled a season-high 10 steals. ... The Cavs fell to 4-5 at home while the Celtics improved to 6-3 on the road. UP NEXT:  For the Celtics, Wednesday vs. Portland, Friday vs. Chicago, Sunday @ New Jersey. For the Cavaliers, Thursday vs. Miami, Saturday @ Minnesota, Sunday @ Detroit.  