  Knicks-Cavaliers notebook   By Brian Dulik, for NBA.com Posted Saturday February 26, 2011 12:05AM THE FACTS:  The Cleveland Cavaliers beat the New York Knicks for the second time this season at Quicken Loans Arena, leading by as many as 12 points in a 115-109 victory. New Knicks small forward  Carmelo Anthony  had 27 points and eight rebounds before fouling out, while power forward  Antawn Jamison  scored a team-high 28 for Cleveland. QUOTABLE:  "This was a game -- regardless of how long we've been together -- that we should have got tonight."   -- New York forward Carmelo Anthony. THE STAT:  The Cavaliers grabbed a season-high 62 rebounds in winning the battle of the boards by 20. Undersized center  J.J. Hickson  had a game-high 15, while Jamison collected 13.  Amar'e Stoudemire  led the Knicks with 11. "They ain't that big, but they're kind of strong," New York forward  Shawne Williams  said. "We've got to do a better job boxing out, but I thought the ball just bounced the wrong way tonight." TURNING POINT:  Shooting guard  Daniel "Boobie" Gibson  buried a 3-pointer from the elbow-extended with 31 seconds left, extending the Cavaliers lead to 110-105. New York never got closer than three points the rest of the way. "That was the biggest shot of the game," Knicks guard  Chauncey Billups  said. QUOTABLE II:  "I don't know what it is with us playing New York, but I like what I saw tonight."   -- Cleveland coach  Byron Scott . QUOTABLE III:  "The pick-and-roll hurt us tonight and rebounding destroyed us."   -- New York guard Chauncey Billups. HOT:  Hickson was a force in the paint, amassing 24 points, 15 boards and a career-high five blocked shots. One of his rejections was a highlight-reel stuff of Stoudemire, who was attempting to dunk from beyond the no-charge circle, only to have Hickson fully envelop the basketball with his hand. NOT:  Anthony was savaged defensively by Jamison, who is not known as one of the league's more physical players. Jamison scored seven straight Cleveland points on isolation plays against 'Melo in the fourth quarter, drawing two of Anthony's six fouls in succession. GOOD MOVE:  Billups kept initiating contact in the open floor, daring the officials to blow their whistles. They did, allowing Billups to go 12-for-14 from the foul line and keep New York from getting blown out in the second half. He finished the night with 26 points and eight assists in just 29 minutes. "(Knicks coach  Mike D'Antoni's ) system is awesome offensively," Billups said.  BAD MOVE:  The biggest shot of the game for New York wasn't taken by Anthony, Stoudemire or Billups, but by Williams. With 16 seconds left and the Knicks only down 111-107, Williams launched a 3-pointer from the top of the arc that drew nothing but iron.  Ramon Sessions  grabbed the miss and made two free throws to ice the win for Cleveland. NOTABLE:  Anthony said his troublesome right elbow flared up in the second half, forcing him to put it in a padded, protective sleeve. "I'm hurt and sore, but I'll be ready to go Sunday," he said, adding that the joint felt numb late in the contest. "There is a little swelling, but the doctor took a look at it. I'm familiar with it. I'll be fine." ... The Cavaliers are 6-7 against the Atlantic Division and 5-40 against the rest of the NBA. ... Stoudemire had a game-high 31 points on 14-for-27 shooting. ... New York's bench made one basket in the second half. ... Cleveland has won 10 straight games over the Knicks, last losing to New York on Dec. 19, 2007. UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Sunday at Miami, Tuesday at Orlando, Wednesday vs. New Orleans. For the Cavaliers, Sunday vs. Philadelphia, Wednesday vs. San Antonio, Friday at New York.  