  Celtics-Hornets notebook   By Bradley Handwerger, for NBA.com Posted Saturday March 19, 2011 11:36PM THE FACTS:  The Boston Celtics overcame an 11-point halftime deficit by hitting 12 of 16 shots in the third quarter, finishing off the New Orleans Hornets with an 89-85 victory on the second leg of a back-to-back. Glen Davis  and  Ray Allen  each finished with 20 points for Boston (49-19) while  David West  led New Orleans with 32 points. QUOTABLE:  "It felt like a road game tonight. I'm not saying the refs. There was just a lot of energy in there tonight."   -- Hornets point guard  Chris Paul , hinting at the fact that of the sellout crowd of 18,018, the New Orleans Arena was half-filled with Celtics fans. THE STAT:  Boston used only an eight-man rotation, but the three men off the bench were one of the big differences in the game. The Celtics' bench outscored New Orleans' reserves 39-6. TURNING POINT:  It was just one shot, but it was an important one. Allen hit a long-range 3-pointer with 9:41 to go in the third, Boston's first trey of the game. It jump-started the Celtics comeback from 11 points down in the third and turned a would-be blowout into a tight game. QUOTABLE II:  "We're all competing against each other. We'll never admit it, but we all want the other one to lose. I still love him though."   -- Hornets coach  Monty Williams  on coaching against friends and mentors this season. Williams has coached against Portland coach  Nate McMillan , San Antonio coach  Gregg Popovich  and Boston coach  Doc Rivers . HOT:  New Orleans' West hadn't been himself heading into Saturday's game, but the power forward went 14-for-23 for a game-high 32 points in the loss. NOT:  This one's a double: Boston's  Paul Pierce  and New Orleans' Paul were stone cold Saturday night. Pierce went 1-for-9 and didn't hit his first shot until 5:20 remained in the fourth quarter. Paul, meanwhile, came into the game averaging nearly 29 points in the previous three games. He finished 0-for-9 from the floor. GOOD MOVE:  The Celtics' Davis earned fouls early in the game and had to sit down in the first half. But after despite picking up his fourth foul in the third quarter, Rivers kept him in and Davis responded with eight points in the third to help tighten the game. NOTABLE:  The Celtics went 12 of 16 in the third quarter and outscored the Hornets 27-13. ...New Orleans'  Marco Belinelli  was 8-for-13, including 5-for-8 from 3-point range to finish with 23 points. ... Boston's 14 first quarter points was their lowest-scoring quarter of the season. UP NEXT:  For the Hornets, Thursday @ Utah, Friday @ Phoenix, Sunday @ Lakers. For the Celtics, Monday @ New York, Wednesday vs. Memphis, Friday vs. Charlotte.  