  Notebook: Rockets 97, Knicks 84   By Matt Miller, for NBA.com Posted Saturday January 28, 2012 11:46PM THE FACTS:  For the New York Knicks, life without leading scorer  Carmelo Anthony  has been expectedly rough. For the Houston Rockets, life without leading scorer  Kevin Martin  could not get much better. Reserve forward  Chase Budinger  scored 19 points, handed out three assists and grabbed two rebounds, and backup point guard  Goran Dragic  added 16 points on 6-for-8 shooting and five assists as the Martin-less Rockets pulled away from the Carmelo-less Knicks in the second half to claim a 97-84 victory on Saturday at Toyota Center. Backup center  Jordan Hill  added a double-double of 14 points and 11 rebounds for Houston (12-8), which has won nine of its last 10 games -- 2-0 without Martin -- to move into a tie for first place in the Southwest Division. New York forward  Amar'e Stoudemire  led all scorers with 23 points to go with eight boards, three steals and two blocks.  Tyson Chandler  chipped in with a double-double of 14 points and 11 rebounds. But the solid performance of New York's frontcourt duo was not nearly enough to save the Knicks (7-13) from losing for the ninth time in their last 10 games, as the rest of the team shot an abysmal 30.6 percent (19-for-62) from the field. QUOTABLE:  "We got good depth. If we can get stops and get out and run and put those guys in position to just play, [the backups] make tremendous plays. ... I'm hoping that we can get that nice mix of guys where we don't have heavy, heavy numbers of minutes [for our starters]."   -- Houston coach  Kevin McHale  on his bench. THE STAT:  The Rockets' reserves continued their red-hot performance of late, outscoring New York's bench 61-35. Houston's backups combined to shoot 22-for-36 (61.1 percent) from the field to go with 18 rebounds and 10 assists. The Knicks' reserves, meanwhile, finished 14-for-38 (36.8 percent) overall to go with 10 boards and eight assists. The Rockets' bench has averaged 40.2 points over the last five games, pouring in at least 36 points in four of these contests. TURNING POINT:  The Knicks were fighting through a rough shooting night thanks to domination on the offensive glass and second chances and trailed Houston 64-58 with three minutes left in the third quarter. But the Rockets cranked up the defensive intensity and closed the third period on a 12-2 run, limiting New York to only one basket in its last nine possessions. The Knicks saw a heated contest get away from them as they committed four turnovers and received a technical foul during Houston's spurt. BAD MOVE:  Chandler allowed his emotions to overwhelm him during a crucial stretch of the third quarter after the refs did not blow their whistles when he drew contact from Houston's big men on three separate occasions. Although Chandler had good reason to complain, it would have been wise to cool his temper before it escalated into a technical foul at the end of the period that accomplished nothing other than contributing another point to the Rockets' game-changing run. QUOTABLE II:  "There were a couple of blown assignments on defense, but for the most part, I was just frustrated. It's tough losing to teams you're supposed to beat. ... Emotions got the best of me. I don't know what to say. I'm as baffled as you are."   -- Chandler on his technical and the Knicks' slump. HOT:  Budinger has been the biggest beneficiary of Martin's absence in the last two games, averaging 20.0 points on 15-for-26 (57.7 percent) shooting, including 6-for-10 shooting from 3-point range, 5.0 rebounds and only 1.0 turnover. QUOTABLE III:  "Getting used to each other out there on the court during games is what's making us better. We're starting to get our chemistry down with one another, and that's why [our bench] is playing better and better."   -- Budinger on the strong stretch of performances by Houston's reserves. NOT:  Knicks guard  Toney Douglas  has struggled mightily with his shot since returning to the starting five in the last two games. After his 3-for-13 performance Saturday, Douglas has connected on only nine of 31 field-goal attempts (29.0 percent) since rejoining the starting lineup. GOOD MOVE:  Knicks coach  Mike D'Antoni  shifted rookie  Iman Shumpert  to a reserve role Saturday so he could spend more of his time on the court playing the shooting guard and small forward positions, rather than carrying the burden of being the starting point guard. The move paid off, with Shumpert playing an active game without the ball in his hands and displaying smarter shot selection. Shumpert finished with 11 points on 5-for-13 shooting, two rebounds, two assists and one steal. NOTABLE:  D'Antoni provided no significant updates on Anthony's status. Anthony is still on track to return as soon as Tuesday. ... McHale said "we'll cross that bridge when we get there" in regard to Martin's status for Monday's game against Minnesota. ... Houston shot a season-high 56.4 percent (22-for-39) in the first half. ... The Rockets have won 13 of their last 14 games against New York, including seven in a row at Toyota Center. ... Houston has swept each of its last three back-to-back sets. ... The Rockets improved to 8-0 when limiting their opponent to less than 90 points. ... Houston is now 12-0 when leading after three quarters ... The Rockets' 61 bench points set a season high. ... Houston netted a season-best 33 points in the second period. ... The Knicks dropped to 1-7 this season against the Western Conference. ... New York fell to 1-5 on the second night of back-to-back sets. UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Tuesday vs. Detroit, Thursday vs. Chicago (TNT), Friday @ Boston (ESPN). For the Rockets, Monday vs. Minnesota, Wednesday @ San Antonio, Friday vs. Phoenix.  