
 Thunder-Blazers notebook    By Kerry Eggers, for NBA.com Posted Friday November 5, 2010 2:43AM THE FACTS:  Oklahoma City held Portland without a field goal until the final second in overtime to score a 107-106 victory. The Blazers missed their first six shots and had two turnovers in their first eight possessions in the extra session. QUOTABLE:  "We beat ourselves tonight. The game came down to rebounding, getting stops and having execution on offense. They dominated the boards, we had too many defensive breakdowns and we settled for a lot of jump shots."    -- Nate McMillan THE STAT:  Oklahoma City outrebounded Portland 47-38, grabbing 15 off the offensive glass. TURNING POINT:  Portland led 70-58 with seven minutes left in the third quarter but shot only 2 for 12 the rest of the period. The Thunder went into the fourth quarter down only 81-75 and gradually clawed their way back. QUOTABLE II:  "I had a feeling  (Kevin Durant)  was going to sit on the jumper, because he's pretty long. When he went past, I couldn't tell if he got a piece of (the ball) or not. But when I let go, it didn't feel right on release."      -  Brandon Roy,  on his missed 22-footer that could have won the game at the end of regulation play. HOT :  LaMarcus Aldridge  kept the Blazers in it early, sinking his first six shots and scoring 12 of Portland's first 14 points. Then  Nicolas Batum  caught fire, scoring 11 of his 14 first-half points in a seven-minute stretch of the second quarter. NOT:  Brandon Roy scored 19 points but made only 6 of 17 shots, including 1 of 4 from 3-point range. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:   Andre Miller  totaled 16 points, 11 assists, six rebounds and two steals for the Blazers. For Oklahoma City, Kevin Durant and  Russell Westbrook  each had 28 points and 11 boards. INSIDE THE ARENA:  The Blazers were paying tribute to former player  Maurice Lucas , who died on Saturday at age 58 of cancer. With 25 of his family members in attendance, the Blazers played video clips of the five-time all-star forward's career. During the game's first timeout, the fans rose and gave him a standing ovation, and shouted "Luuuuuuke!" in unison as they did when he entered a game. GOOD MOVE:  Oklahoma City switched Kevin Durant onto Brandon Roy in the second half, and Roy made only 2 of 10 shots in the final two quarters and overtime. BAD MOVE:  The Blazers had LaMarcus Aldridge going early, and the power forward was 10 for 13 shooting through three quarters. They stopped going to him, though, and he had only one field goal the rest of the way. ROOKIE WATCH:   Armon Johnson  made a meaningless 3-pointer at the buzzer in overtime for his only points. The point guard had two rebounds and three assists in 12 minutes off the bench. NOTABLE : With Oklahoma City ahead 103-102 in overtime, Kevin Durant's jump shot bounced off the rim. Teammate  Jeff Green  saved it just before he fell out of bounds to Durant, who was fouled and made a pair of free throws with 13.7 seconds left. If it wasn't the biggest play of the game, it was close. UP NEXT:  For the Blazers, Saturday vs Toronto, Sunday @ L.A. Lakers, Tuesday vs. Detroit. For the Thunder, Sunday vs. Boston, Wednesday vs. Philadelphia. 
