  Notebook: Sixers 103, Cavaliers 87 Posted Wednesday April 18, 2012 11:36PM By Brian Dulik, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Point guard  Jrue Holiday  scored 19 of his game-high 24 points in the third quarter, powering the Philadelphia 76ers to a 103-87 victory over the Cleveland Cavaliers. Small forward  Andre Iguodala  had 19 points, 13 rebounds and seven assists for Philadelphia, while power forwards  Elton Brand  and  Thaddeus Young  each scored 12 points. The 76ers moved 2 1/2 games ahead of Milwaukee in the race for the final Eastern Conference playoff spot. Center  Samardo Samuels  and shooting guard  Lester Hudson  led Cleveland with 15 points apiece. Cavaliers point guard  Kyrie Irving  added nine points in his return from a right shoulder sprain. QUOTABLE:  "Sometimes with our team, we're kind of passive. But sometimes, you have to be a little selfish. We needed this win. This was a team we shouldn't have lost to. I think everybody came in with that mindset."   -- 76ers shooting guard  Holiday THE STAT:  In the third period, Holiday not only scored 19, he provided the assist on four more hoops -- meaning the UCLA product was responsible for 27 of Philadelphia's 31 points. He made all five of his 3-point attempts in the frame en route to finishing the evening 6-for-6 beyond the arc. "The three-point line was my friend tonight," a smiling Holiday said. "Every shot was falling and everything was going our way." In 216 previous NBA games, Holiday's career high was five 3-pointers. "We caught Jrue in a rhythm, and we kept on finding him," Iguodala said. TURNING POINT:  With the score tied at 57-57 midway through the third, Philadelphia unleashed a 24-2 run to blow out the host Cavaliers. Holiday scored 14 points during the 5:21 onslaught, while Iguodala added six, and center  Spencer Hawes  and Young each had two. "It seemed like our momentum kind of went downhill," Cleveland coach  Byron Scott  said. "That's basically how I saw it, and I think also we just kind of ran out of gas." The Cavaliers helped fuel the 76ers' surge by missing 11 of their 12 field goal attempts and committing three turnovers. QUOTABLE II:  "It's all good stuff tonight. Now, the guys can go home and enjoy a little sunshine and have an off-day. It was a great win, much needed. If Indy can help us tomorrow (by beating the Bucks), that's even better."   -- 76ers coach  Doug Collins HOT:  The 76ers moved within two victories of clinching their first winning season since 2004-2005. Philadelphia also earned its fifth straight triumph over the Cavaliers and improved to 16-16 all-time at Quicken Loans Arena. ... 76ers point guard  Lou Williams  had eight points, five assists and no turnovers. He also was a plus-29 in 26 minutes off the bench. ... Iguodala's 13 boards were a season high, while his 12 defensive rebounds were one shy of his career best. ... Philadelphia center Lavoy Allen had four points, five rebounds and a career-high five assists in 29 minutes, while Hawes collected eight points and seven boards in 16 minutes. NOT:  The Cavaliers are 2-13 in their last 15 home games and 7-24 overall since Feb. 22. Cleveland's last victory over a team with a winning record came on March 11 against Houston. ... Cavaliers power forward  Antawn Jamison  was a minus-15, making him a minus-62 while shooting 5-for-23 over the last two games. ... 76ers center  Nikola Vucevic  got the start, but was benched after committing two turnovers and one foul in the first 151 seconds. He ended up with zero points, three boards, three turnovers, and three fouls in eight minutes ... Philadelphia center  Tony Battie  was the only player on either squad to dress, but not play. QUOTABLE III:  "We're just trying to find a way to conjure up energy for 48 minutes. We just have to find a way to compete at a higher level for longer periods of time. That's the bottom line."   -- Cavaliers coach  Byron Scott GOOD MOVE:  Though the Cavaliers have long been destined for the NBA Draft Lottery, Irving refused to let his rookie season end prematurely. The No. 1 overall pick returned to action after missing nine games with a sprained right shoulder -- and showed no fear in driving to the basket against the 76ers. Irving did take one hard fall when he was body-blocked by Brand in the second quarter, but landed on his left side and bounced right back up. "Those plays are going to happen and are inevitable," said Irving, who had nine points, three rebounds and four assists in 20 minutes. "It's not going to make me change my game at all." BAD MOVE:  Collins opted to keep Vucevic in the starting lineup, rather than returning Allen or Hawes to the unit, but got next-to nothing from the rookie pivot against one of the worst frontcourts in the NBA. Undersized Cavaliers centers  Tristan Thompson  and Samuels physically overpowered the 7-footer, giving their team one of its few advantages on the court. ... Cleveland was outworked and outhustled by a 76ers squad that was playing its third game in three nights. Making their performance look even worse, the Cavaliers were only one day removed from a 116-77 loss in Detroit that saw them trail 100-50 after three quarters. NOTABLE:  The Cavaliers' owned and operated NBA D-League team -- the Canton Charge -- opens its second-round playoff series Thursday against the Austin Toros. Game 1 will be played at the Canton Civic Center with a 7:30 p.m. tipoff. Tickets are available for as low as $9. ... Cleveland small forward  Alonzo Gee  (left ankle sprain) missed his second straight game, but Scott said he could play Friday when the Cavaliers host New York. ... With Gee out, shooting guard  Manny Harris  started for Cleveland, while  Anthony Parker  slid up one spot to play small forward. ... 76ers center  Craig Brackins  remains away from the team for personal reasons. UP NEXT:  For the 76ers, Saturday @ Indiana, Monday @ New Jersey, Wednesday @ Milwaukee. For the Cavaliers, Friday vs. New York, Sunday @ San Antonio, Monday @ Memphis.  