Notebook: Pistons 105, Bobcats 99 
 
 
 Derek S. Smith, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Feb 20, 2013 11:01 PM - Updated Wed Feb 20, 2013 11:01 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:   Greg Monroe  scored 10 of his 19 points in the fourth quarter as the Detroit Pistons defeated the Charlotte Bobcats 105-99 Wednesday night at Time Warner Cable Arena.  Brandon Knight , who left the game with a knee injury, led the Pistons with 21 points.  K emba Walker  scored a game-high 24 for the Bobcats. 
 
 QUOTABLE: " We all stepped and played well tonight. We got into attack mode tonight. They drew up plays for me in the post tonight. I just tried to make the right decisions and took advantage of some one-on-one action and was able to make some plays at the rim." 
 -- Greg Monroe 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Detroit picked up consecutive road victories for the first time since March 26-28 of last season. The Pistons won at Milwaukee 105-100 on February 9 and tonight in Charlotte. The Bobcats are now 20-100 since the start of the 2011-12 season. 
 
 TURNING POINT:   Rodney Stuckey  had back-to-back three-point play opportunities for the Pistons early in the fourth quarter. Stuckey ended up with five points and took the Pistons from an 81-77 lead to an 86-77 lead. The energy he brought helped lift the Pistons past the loss of Brandon Knight to a knee injury and helped the Pistons never relinquish the lead in the final quarter. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "It was a good result. We got off to a good start which always helps. We executed well down the stretch with our patience, our poise and playing through a little bit of adversity. Brandon was playing very well and then goes down tied to come back and goes back down again. It was a very gritty team win." -- Detroit coach  Lawrence Frank 
 
 
 HOT:  Charlotte guard Kemba Walker has had back-to-back 24-point outings. Walker had 24 points, seven assists, four rebounds and three steals Tuesday night in Orlando and finished with a 24 point, three assist, four rebound, and two block night Wednesday against Detroit. 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:    Jose Calderon  has averaged 14.6 points and 6.4 assists in eight games with the Pistons. Against Charlotte, Calderon had 17 points and was a perfect 4-for-4 from behind the arc and made 5-for-6 from the free-throw line in leading the Pistons to victory. 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  NBA great and former Charlotte Hornet player  Robert Parrish  was in attendance. The Bobcats got into the "Harlem Shake" craze with its own version of the dance led by Rufus Lynx and several other local mascots including Chubby Checker of the American Hockey League's Charlotte Checkers and mascots from Queens University and UNC Charlotte. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:   Michel Kidd-Gilchrist  finished the night with 11 points, six rebounds, three assists and three blocked shots. Detroit saw two of its five rookies play Wednesday night.  Viacheslav Kravtsov  had six points and four rebounds in 13 minutes of play while  Kyle Singler  got the start and contributed eight points and three rebounds before fouling out after 23 minutes on the court.  
 
 NOTABLE: Ramon Sessions  scored 18 points and was in double figures for the 12th time in the last 13 games.  Gerald Henderson  scored in double figures for the ninth straight game and had a season-high tying five assists.  Byron Mullens  scored in double figures for the eighth straight game since returning to the lineup on February 4. Detroit's Brandon Knight scored 21 points for his 15th game of 20-plus points this season. Monroe scored in double figures for the 47th time this season and added a career-high tying three blocks. Stuckey was in double figures for the 29th time this season and had a season-best seven rebounds. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Pistons, Friday @ Indiana, Saturday vs. Indiana, Monday vs. Atlanta. For the Bobcats, Friday vs. Chicago, Saturday vs. Denver, Tuesday @ L.A. Clippers. 
