  Raptors-Nuggets notebook   By Michael Kelly, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday March 22, 2011 12:33AM THE FACTS: Ty Lawson  had 23 points and eight assists and seven Denver players scored in double figures as the Nuggets routed the Toronto Raptors 123-90 on Monday night. QUOTABLE: "The gossip of the trade was one-sided. Celebrations in New York and we just got the scraps. We never felt that way. We felt we had a hell of a chance to be a good team and all of (the players) are better than I thought they were."   --  Nuggets coach  George Karl , on the team being 10-4 since trading  Carmelo Anthony  and  Chauncey Billups . THE STAT:  The Nuggets had 31 assists on 43 baskets. They're 7-0 this season when they have 30 or more assists. TURNING POINT:  Lawson's first quarter. The speedy point guard set the tone right away, hitting all five of his shots, including two 3-pointers, and scoring 17 points in the period to give Denver a 36-23 lead. QUOTABLE II: "It's hard for me to keep up with him on a fastbreak, so for somebody who's trying guarding him it's worse."   --  Nuggets forward  Wilson Chandler , on Lawson's quickness. HOT: Nene  continues to take advantage of more touches in the offense. He had a very efficient 18 points on 7-for-9 shooting and had seven rebounds while playing just 24 minutes. NOT:  After averaging 10.4 point in five games, Toronto rookie  Ed Davis  is struggling offensively. He has scored a total of seven points in the last three games. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Lawson has shown he can handle the responsibilities of running a team. In the month of March the second-year player is averaging 16.3 points and eight assists. GOOD MOVE:  Karl went with a bigger starting lineup because of  Arron Afflalo's  left hamstring injury. The Nuggets size and length led to a 52-21 edge in rebounding and 60 points in the paint. BAD MOVE:  The Raptors might be able to blame this one on the schedule makers. After beating the Thunder in Oklahoma City on Sunday night they had to travel to the thin air of Denver and play an uptempo Nuggets team. ROOKIE WATCH:  Denver's  Gary Forbes  didn't get many minutes but he made the most of them, scoring 14 points on 5-for-9 shooting. NOTABLE: J.R. Smith  had 13 points and 10 rebounds and finished two assists shy of his first career triple-double. His eight assists tied a career high. UP NEXT:  For the Raptors, Wednesday @. Phoenix, Friday @ Golden State, Saturday @ Los Angeles Clippers. For the Nuggets, Wednesday vs. San Antonio, Friday vs. Washington, Wednesday, March 30, vs. Sacramento.  