  Notebook: Heat 93, Knicks 85 Posted Sunday April 15, 2012 4:22PM By Adam Zagoria, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Miami's Big Three combined for 73 points as the Heat won their third straight over the Knicks this season, 93-85, at Madison Square Garden. Carmelo Anthony  scored 42 points on 14-for-27 shooting in a losing effort for the Knicks, who dropped into eighth place, half a game behind the Philadelphia 76ers, in the Eastern Conference standings. LeBron James  led the Heat with 29 points and 10 rebounds,  Dwyane Wade  added 28 points and  Chris Bosh  posted 16 points and 14 boards. QUOTABLE:  "I don't think it means anything for the postseason. What it means is something about us and how we've been playing on the road as of late. We want to do a better job of it and the only way out is to get up, show up and collectively do better."    -- Heat coach  Erik Spoelstra QUOTABLE II:  "You wanna win every game, especially on the road. We know we haven't played to our capabilities on the road."    -- James THE STAT:  The Heat were 3-8 in their last 11 road games before this win. The Knicks were 9-0 at home under  Mike Woodson  before this loss. TURNING POINT:  After the Knicks led 79-75 on a  J.R. Smith  dunk, Miami used an 18-3 run to go ahead 93-82.  Joel Anthony , Wade and James scored six unanswered points during the spurt. QUOTABLE III:  "We'll be fine. We'll bounce back. We'll rebound from this and learn from it and hopefully be better."   -- Woodson WHO'S HOT:  Anthony continues to play like a new man under Woodson. He entered averaging 28.2 points in his last five games and has now scored 40 or more in two of his last five, including a season-best 43 in a home win over the Chicago Bulls. WHO'S NOT:  The Knicks Bench. Other than Smith (16 points), the bench of  Steve Novak ,  Jared Jeffries  and  Mike Bibby  managed just eight points. QUOTABLE IV:  "I feel good about our team. We played hard tonight."    -- Woodson NOTABLE:   Tyson Chandler  injured his knee in the third quarter and exited the game, but returned in the fourth to finish with nine points and five rebounds. He was also whistled for a Flagrant Foul 1 against James. "He's gonna be ok. He banged knees. He'll get treatment [Monday] but he'll be fine," Woodson said. QUOTABLE V:  "I think I'll be OK. It's just a bad collision."    -- Chandler   INSIDE THE ARENA:   Jay-Z ,  Beyonce ,  Jon Stewart ,  Justin Tuck  and  Hakeem Nix  all sat courtside. QUOTABLE VI:  "It's tough to stop him, but it's even better to watch him."    -- Smith on Anthony. UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Tuesday vs. Celtics, Wednesday @ Nets, Friday @ Cavaliers. For the Heat, Monday @ Nets, Wednesday vs. Raptors, Thursday vs. Bulls.  