Notebook: Rockets 109, Celtics 85 
 
 
 Matt Miller, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Nov 20, 2013 12:13 AM - Updated Wed Nov 20, 2013 12:16 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Rockets, who have not trailed in their last 115 minutes of action, rode scorching shooting and stingy interior defense to their second straight wire-to-wire victory -- a 109-85 blowout of the Celtics on Tuesday at Toyota Center.  
 
 THE LEAD:  The Rockets hosted a block party at the beginning of Tuesday's tilt with the Celtics, and the series of swats buried Boston. 
 
 Terrence Jones  scored a career-high 24 points on 10-for-12 shooting and grabbed nine rebounds for Houston (8-4), which has won three consecutive games overall and at home.  Patrick Beverley  added 16 points on 6-for-9 shooting, while  Dwight Howard  chipped in a double-double of 10 points and 11 boards to go with three blocks. 
 Reserve guard  Courtney Lee  paced the Celtics (4-8), losers of four straight, with 17 points.  Jared Sullinger  (10 points, nine rebounds) also delivered a decent performance off the bench for Boston, which quickly fell behind 18-1 and was never competitive after coming up empty on its first 10 possessions.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "Even though he wasn't playing [a couple weeks ago], he kept working harder. His hard work is paying off now. He's playing phenomenal for us. He's bringing that energy, that spark, that toughness, that defensive pressure." 
 
 -- Beverley on Jones 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Houston has rejected an average of 12.0 shots in the four games since Jones was inserted into its starting lineup. The Rockets, meanwhile, have led at the end of the first period in each of these games. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Rockets jumped on the Celtics at the outset, beginning the contest on an 18-1 run that was fueled by five rejections and a break-neck pace in transition. That first punch proved to be the knockout blow for Houston, as Boston trailed by double-digits for the remainder of the game. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We kept them to one point for a very long time just off of great on-the-ball defense and great help side by Dwight Howard. ... I'm just trying to make the simple plays, and I'm just trying to be there for cuts and offensive rebounds when I can." 
 
 -- Houston's Jones 
 
 
 HOT:  Houston carved up the Celtics' defense and earned plenty of great looks at the basket from within five feet or out on the perimeter during the first half. The stats certainly reflected the Rockets' red-hot offensive performance. Houston's effective field-goal percentage for the opening 24 minutes was an eye-popping 83.3 percent. 
 
 NOT:  Boston missed its first nine field-goal attempts of the contest -- four of which were blocked by a Rocket -- and its only points in the opening five minutes of the first period came on a technical free throw. The misery would only grow for the Celtics, who finished the opening half with an effective field-goal percentage of 37.5 percent after a 6-for-26 effort (23.1 percent) inside the paint.  
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Fueled by the defensive activity of its frontcourt, Houston's players pushed the ball up the floor after nearly every defensive stop in the early going. Boston's offensive dysfunction left itself in the dust far too often, as the Rockets racked up 15 fast-break points and shot 16-for-20 (80.0 percent) in the first quarter while generating their highest-scoring output for an opening period this season. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Through 12 games, the Celtics have sandwiched two four-game losing skids around a four-game win streak. Although this is a rebuilding and developmental campaign for Boston, its streaky nature seems to be a sign of a young group that lacks perspective and can potentially get lost in waves of negativity and positivity.   
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "I never look at it as, 'Hey, it's just one of those things.' There's something behind why you don't play the way you can play. ... We're letting one end [of the court] affect the other." 
 
 -- Celtics coach  Brad Stevens 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  Rockets center  Omer Asik , who reportedly requested a trade after a dispute over playing time with coach  Kevin McHale , joined his teammates on the bench for the first time since Thursday's win at New York and played for the first time since Wedensday's defeat at Philadelphia. The Turkish 7-footer logged nearly seven minutes against Boston, all of which came in the fourth quarter when the game was clearly out of hand. ... Boston's leading scorer,  Jeff Green , has shot 2-for-13 (15.4 percent) from the field over the last two games. ... The Celtics' last two opponents have outscored Boston in the paint by a total of 112-58. ... The Celtics dropped to 1-7 when they hand out fewer assists than their opponent.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Celtics: Wednesday @ San Antonio, Friday vs. Indiana, Saturday @ Atlanta. For the Rockets: Wednesday @ Dallas, Saturday vs. Minnesota, Monday @ Memphis. 
