Notebook: Suns 91, Cavaliers 78 
 
 
 Brian Dulik, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Nov 27, 2012 11:10 PM - Updated Tue Nov 27, 2012 11:37 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:  Point guard  Goran Dragic  collected 19 points, five rebounds and seven assists as the Phoenix Suns pulled away for a 91-78 victory over the Cleveland Cavaliers at Quicken Loans Arena. Power forward  Michael Beasley  added 15 points for Phoenix, which also got 14 points off the bench from power forward  Luis Scola . Cleveland center  Anderson Varejao  had game highs of 20 points and 18 rebounds -- recording his career-high sixth straight double-double -- while rookie shooting guard  Dion Waiters  scored 16 points. The Suns swept their two-game season series from the Cavaliers. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I'll make just a real quick statement. Andy Varejao was fantastic and everyone else sucked tonight. Anything else you need to know." 
 -- Cavaliers coach  Byron Scott 
 
 
 THE STAT:  NBA rebounding leader Varejao is averaging 14.7 points and 17.7 rebounds during his six-game double-double streak. The mop-topped Brazilian, who made 10-for-15 field goals against the Suns, is averaging 14.5 points and 14.9 boards on the season. "Varejao comes up with about six rebounds a game -- including tonight -- that he has no business getting, but he does because of the great energy he plays with," Phoenix coach  Alvin Gentry . "I just love watching him out there." 
 
 TURNING POINT:  After the Cavaliers took a 59-57 lead on a Waiters layup with 3:28 left in the third quarter, the Suns scored the final 14 points of the period and maintained a double-digit lead for the rest of the game. Shooting guard  Jared Dudley , Beasley and Scola each scored four points during the run. "They just outplayed us there, they wanted it more," Waiters said. "We've got to come out with a better sense of urgency, like we have been when we're on the road." 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We're not Oklahoma City. We're not the best team in the West, but we can play better and we can come home from this (six-game, 10-day road trip) above .500." 
 -- Suns shooting guard Jared Dudley 
 
 HOT:  Varejao scored 14 points on 7-for-8 shooting with five rebounds in the third quarter. He also became the second Cavaliers player with six straight double-doubles, joining  Jim Chones  (who also had six in 1977-1978), and the first NBA player with 15-plus rebounds in six consecutive games in a single season since Orlando center  Dwight Howard  in 2010-11. ... Waiters dished out a career-high seven assists -- all in the third -- after having X-rays taken on his left hand at halftime. ... Suns backup center  Jermaine O'Neal , who had nine points and six rebounds, is averaging 12.0 points and 6.0 boards in his last six games. 
 
 NOT:  The Cavaliers are 1-10 in their last 11 games. They also completed their first four-games-in-five-nights set without a win. ... Cleveland shooting guard  C.J. Miles  went 3-for-11 from the floor and missed all five of his 3-pointers, dropping his dismal season percentages to .289 and .268, respectively. ... Cavaliers power forward  Tristan Thompson  went 1-for-7 shooting for the second home game in a row. ... Cleveland point guard  Jeremy Pargo  is 11-for-37 on field goals with 12 turnovers over the last three games. ... Suns center  Marcin Gortat  only had six points and three rebounds in 24 minutes, going 0-of-4 on free throws. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "We didn't play as a team tonight. The fourth quarter was terrible. When you don't give yourself a chance to play defense, it's hard. When you take bad shots, it leads to easy fast breaks." 
 -- Cavaliers center Anderson Varejao 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  With the Suns just two games into their longest road trip of the season, Gentry used a 10-man rotation and substituted liberally. Dragic (31 minutes) and Beasley (29 minutes) were the only Phoenix players to log more than 25 minutes. "Obviously, the Cavs were a little tired, so we wanted to push the tempo a little bit tonight," Gentry said. "Once we finally got our energy up in the third quarter, we did that, and I thought we did a great job of finding the mismatches." 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Cavaliers shooting guard  Daniel  "Boobie"  Gibson  was expected to play, but did not accompany his teammates out of the tunnel. Following the first quarter, team officials announced that he was out with a sore right elbow. Gibson, who has now been a last-minute scratch three times in the last six games with the injury, will undergo an MRI on Wednesday. Waiters, whose X-rays were negative, is also scheduled to have additional tests performed on his left hand. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Cavaliers center  Tyler Zeller  and his older brother, Suns center  Luke Zeller , played in the same game for the first time as professionals -- but were not on the court at the same time. Tyler had two points and two rebounds in 20 minutes, while Luke grabbed one board in three minutes. "I wanted to outscore him, but I couldn't get up a 3-pointer there at the end," Luke Zeller joked. "That was the plan, though." ... Waiters and Brown were assessed double-technicals in the third quarter, while Tyler Zeller and O'Neal went nose-to-nose in the fourth, but O'Neal received the only technical. ... Reigning NBA Rookie of the Year  Kyrie Irving  (left index finger fracture) is expected to be sidelined until mid-December for Cleveland. He worked out on the arena's main court before the game with his broken finger heavily protected. ... Suns radio announcer  Tim Kempton  was the Cavaliers' starting center in the final NBA game played at The Coliseum in suburban Richfield, Ohio. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Suns, Wednesday @ Detroit, Friday @ Toronto, Sunday @ New York. For the Cavaliers, Friday @ Atlanta, Saturday vs. Portland, Monday @ Detroit. 
