  Notebook: Nuggets 103, Timberwolves 101 Posted Tuesday February 21, 2012 1:28AM By Michael Kelly, for NBA.com THE FACTS: Al Harrington  had a season-high 31 points and nine rebounds,  Arron Afflalo  had 20 points and hit a tie-breaking jumper with 33.7 seconds left to lift the shorthanded Denver Nuggets over the Minnesota Timberwolves 103-101 in overtime Monday night. Rookie  Kenneth Faried  had 10 points and a career-high 14 rebounds for Denver, which snapped a three-game losing streak despite losing both of its point guards during the game. Starter  Ty Lawson  sprained his left ankle in the first half and  Andre Miller  was ejected late in the third quarter. Kevin Love  recorded 22 points and 13 rebounds and  Michael Beasley  had 17 points off the bench for the Timberwolves, who had their three-game win streak snapped. QUOTABLE:  "Me and Arron needed to be more aggressive, earn our pay tonight. Usually, we're laid back and let the game come to us. We forced the issue a little bit." --  Harrington. THE STAT:  Neither team could hit a shot for the first 3:08 of overtime. The teams combined to miss 13 shots in that time, a streak that finally ended when Harrington hit a turnaround jumper to give Denver a 95-93 lead. TURNING POINT:  With 4.9 seconds left and Minnesota down by three,  Martell Webster  stole Denver's inbounds pass near midcourt. Instead of pulling up for a 3-pointer to tie the game, Webster dunked the ball with 1.3 seconds left. Corey Brewer hit 1 of 2 free throws with .5 seconds left and the Nuggets held on. QUOTABLE II:  "I was going to try to attack the basket and get a foul. If I had to do it over again, yeah, I'd probably pull up for a jump shot but what was going through my mind was go to the rim and possibly get fouled. Most people probably would have pulled up for the 3-point shot, yeah, I can see why they would. If I had to do it over again I'd probably do the same thing. I'll take that one. I'm alright."   --  Webster. HOT:  Despite giving up 4 inches and 40 pounds, Timberwolves guard  Luke Ridnour  played strong defense on Afflalo in the fourth quarter and overtime. He forced Afflalo into a tough shot at the end of regulation and he harassed him in the extra period with quick feet and hands. NOT:  Harrington struggled from the foul line and it almost cost the Nuggets the game. He missed all five attempts, including two with Denver trailing 91-90 in regulation. He also missed a pair in the overtime. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Former Nugget forward  Wilson Chandler  was spotted sitting in Denver executive vice president  Masai Ujuri's  suite during the game. He was also in the Nuggets locker room postgame, sitting in his old stall. Chandler, who came over in the trade New York last year, signed with a team in China during the lockout but is expected to re-sign with the Nuggets soon. GOOD MOVE:  When the Timberwolves lost  Nikola Pekovic  to a sprained right ankle in the first half, the Nuggets went with a small lineup for most of the second half even with a pair of 7-footers in  Timofey Mozgov  and  Kosta Koufos . Both watched as Harrington played center and Faried was the power forward. It worked because the Nuggets' quickness overcame their lack of size. BAD MOVE:  Miller let his emotions get the better of him at a time when his team desperately needed his leadership. With his team ahead by seven and 31 seconds left in the third he was called for an offensive foul. He argued his way into a technical but didn't stop there. He kept talking and picked up another technical right away, sending him to the locker room and forcing the Nuggets to go to rookie  Julyan Stone  for the rest of the game. QUOTABLE III:  "There was no question it put extra pressure on our team, but we passed the test. It doesn't fall into an Andre Miller thought process."   --  Denver head coach  George Karl , on Miller getting tossed. ROOKIE WATCH:  Stone and Faried didn't play like rookies, especially in overtime. The pair were a big reason Denver pulled this one out. Faried came up with big rebounds and strong defensive plays throughout the game, including three blocks. Stone played the final 18 minutes and had just two turnovers. He also played strong defense on  Ricky Rubio . His one bad play was throwing a soft pass that Webster intercepted with Denver up by three. QUOTABLE IV:  "My heart dropped. I was thinking, 'I got to get back on defense.' I seen him pass 3-point line and said thank you. That's all I was thinking, go lay it up."   --  Stone, on Webster's steal. NOTABLE:  The Timberwolves lost Pekovic to a sprained right ankle in the first half. ... Love notched his 29th double-double of the season and 158th of his career. He has 10 straight double-doubles dating back to Feb. 1. ... Faried's 14 rebounds are the most by a Denver rookie since  Carmelo Anthony  did it twice during the 2003-04 season. UP NEXT:  For the Timberwolves, Wednesday vs. Utah, Tuesday, Feb. 28 @ L.A. Clippers, Thursday, March 1 @ L.A. Lakers. For the Nuggets, Wednesday @ L.A. Clippers, Thursday vs. San Antonio, Wednesday, Feb. 29 vs. Portland.  