  Notebook: Hawks 95, Wizards 92 Posted Saturday March 24, 2012 11:19PM By Ben Standig, for NBA.com THE FACTS:   Joe Johnson  scored nine of the Atlanta Hawks final 11 points including the go-ahead 3-pointer with 46.8 seconds left, part of a 17-5 closing run over the final 6:21 for a 95-92 win over the Washington Wizards on Saturday night. The Hawks, winners of three straight and five of six, trailed 73-57 late in the third quarter before pulling within 10 points entering the fourth quarter and 78-74 after eight straight points from their second unit. Johnson, who finished with 16 points, and  Josh Smith  (team-high 20 points) took over down the stretch and  Marvin Williams  scored 13 points off the bench. After blowing a 22-point lead in Thursday's loss to the Indiana Pacers, the Wizards followed nearly the same script as they once again fell behind in the final minute. Cruising in the first half behind  Nene ,  Jordan Crawford  and a plethora of offensive rebounds, the Wizards took control after the first quarter and led 52-41 at halftime, but shot only 29.4 percent (5-of-17) from the field in the fourth quarter. Nene finished with 21 points and 11 rebounds while Crawford scored 20. QUOTABLE:  "Joe came in, particularly in that fourth quarter, and it took him a couple of trips up and down to get loose again. But he really got aggressive, got to attack mode, and I guess that little bit of rest we gave him in the fourth quarter did him some good, because he seemed to be more juiced up once he got back in the game."  --  Hawks head coach  Larry Drew. THE STAT:  After the Wizards controlled the glass for three quarters -- including 14 offensive rebounds -- the Hawks finished with a dominating 17-4 advantage in the fourth quarter and would up with a 41-39 edge for the game TURNING POINT:  After Johnson made two baskets pulling the Hawks closer at 92-90,  Kirk Hinirch's  attempt at a game-tying shot missed and Wizards forward  Trevor Booker  was whistled for a loose ball foul while battling with Smith. Dejected by the call, the Wizards defenders lost track of Johnson who drained the open look. After the Hawks went up one, Crawford missed a long jumper and after Johnson sank two free throws to extend the lead to three,  John Wall  erred on a contested 3-pointer at the buzzer. QUOTABLE II:  "We know we're improving. We don't just think it, we actually know. Only thing we have to get right is how to hold onto a big lead. We have to learn how to step on people's throats.  --  Booker. HOT:  After sitting out Friday's win over the New Jersey Nets with an Achilles injury,  Zaza Pachulia  returned to the starting lineup and scored 13 points, including 10 in the fourth quarter on 4-of-5 shooting. NOT:  Wall not only missed the final shot, but nine of his 10 shots overall, finishing with eight points. The second-year point guard missed his two attempts from distance on the night and is only 2-of-27 (7.4 percent) on the season. QUOTABLE III:  "Everything is easy man when you're up eight, nine, 10, 15, 20 points, everybody is free-flowing shooting, making plays. Down the stretch, when it's gut check time...then everybody seems to get a little tense, a little tight and then basket is not as big. We knew we had a chance."  --  Johnson GOOD MOVE:  Drew letting his starters rest the first half of the fourth quarter, affording Johnson and company time to recharge for the final stanza. NOTABLE:  Playing in his third NBA game, Wizards guard  Edwin Ubiles  sank 4-of-8 shots and scored a career-high 10 points. Signed to a 10-contract on March 18, the former Siena star missed seven of eight shots in his previous two games. UP NEXT:  For the Hawks, Sunday vs. Utah, Tuesday @ Milwaukee, Wednesday vs. Chicago For the Wizards, Sunday @ Boston, Monday vs. Detroit, Thursday @ Indiana  