Notebook: Jazz 89, Bulls 83 (OT) 
 
 
 Matt Payne, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Nov 26, 2013 2:36 AM - Updated Tue Nov 26, 2013 2:36 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  Monday morning brought the news that Chicago's  Derrick Rose  would miss the rest of the season after undergoing surgery to repair a torn medial meniscus in his right knee, and Monday evening saw the Bulls fall to the Jazz for their fourth straight loss. 
 
 THE LEAD:  With both teams coming off of lopsided losses on Sunday, it was the Utah Jazz who summoned the energy to pull out an 89-83 overtime win over the Chicago Bulls on Monday at EnergySolutions Arena. 
 The game wasn't pretty, as each team shot below 40 percent from the field. The Jazz used a six-point possession to take a 64-52 lead late in the third quarter, but the Bulls went on a 19-4 run to make it close before it went into overtime, where Utah pulled away to secure its second win of the season. 
 All five Jazz starters reached double figures in scoring, and  Gordon Hayward  dished out a career-high 12 assists for Utah.  Luol Deng  and  Carlos Boozer  combined for 50 points for the Bulls, and Deng scored 11 of his 24 points during the Bulls' fourth quarter comeback.   
 
 QUOTABLE:  "Feels great to finally be back out there with my team, to get another win. It wasn't the prettiest win. I think we could have beaten them in regulation, but it was a good one." 
 
 -- Utah rookie  Trey Burke , who played a season-high 34 minutes in his first career home start 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Chicago was just 1-for-13 from 3-point range, while Utah drained seven from downtown. Veterans  Marvin Williams  (3-for-7) and  Richard Jefferson  (2-for-2) played heavy minutes and effectively stretched the Bulls' defense with their long-range shooting. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Chicago scrapped back into the game to force overtime, but Utah owned the extra period. Jefferson made two free throws, then Burke drilled a 3-pointer from the top of the key to fire up the crowd and give the Jazz a five-point lead.  Jeremy Evans  followed with an alley-oop slam on a pass from Hayward to seal the win.  
 
 HOT:  Chicago may have lost, but its duo of Deng and Boozer was the only reason the Bulls were in it at all. Boozer, who was showered with a rousing chorus of boos each time he touched the ball against his former team, scored a game-high 26 points to go along with 16 rebounds, two steals and a block. Deng also had a double-double with 24 points and 10 boards. 
 
 NOT:  Chicago's bench failed to show up for duty Monday night, shooting a combined 5-for-19 from the field for only 13 points.  Mike Dunleavy  was just 1-for-8 and committed a turnover late in overtime that eliminated any hope of a Chicago comeback. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "[Derrick] has great mental toughness and he'll be fine. This will be another bump in the road and he'll get past it. We expect him to make a full recovery for our team." 
 
 -- Chicago coach  Tom Thibodeau  on Rose's season-ending knee surgery 
 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Burke made his first two shots then struggled afterward, finishing with 14 points (on 5-for-17 shooting), six rebounds, four assists and a steal for the Jazz.  
 
 NOTABLE:  Utah's  Derrick Favors  had 10 points and seven rebounds but fouled out in only 26 minutes of court time. ... Likewise, it was a frustrating night for Chicago's  Joakim Noah , who picked up a technical foul, missed what could have been a game-winning free throw in the final minute and eventually fouled out of the game. ... Utah's  Enes Kanter  missed the game with a sprained right ankle and will be a game-time decision for Utah's game against Phoenix on Friday. ... Both teams were coming off of tough road losses on Sunday -- the Bulls lost 121-82 to the Clippers, while the Jazz fell to the Thunder 95-73. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Wednesday @ Detroit, Saturday @ Cleveland, Monday vs. New Orleans. For the Jazz, Friday vs. Phoenix, Saturday @ Phoenix, Monday vs. Houston. 
