  Knicks-Trail Blazers notebook   By Kerry Eggers, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday January 12, 2011 1:19AM THE FACTS:   Amar'e Stoudemire  led five Knicks in double figures with 23 points in a 100-86 victory over the Trail Blazers Tuesday night at the Rose Garden. It was the fourth win in five games for the Knicks (22-15), while Portland (20-19) dropped its second straight game at home. QUOTABLE:  "We were slow in reacting to everything they did. We looked like we were running in quicksand right from the start."    -- Portland coach  Nate McMillan . THE STAT:  New York had 27 assists, Portland eight. The Blazers' previous season low was 15. TURNING POINT:   Raymond Felton 's 3-pointer capped a 13-2 run as New York broke open a tight game for a 94-78 lead late in the game. QUOTABLE II:  "They had a good defensive scheme. I felt comfortable the first half, but foul trouble plagued me. The second half, I could never really get comfortable. They did a good job of digging and never giving me clear paths to the rim."    --  LaMarcus Aldridge , who collected 19 points and 10 rebounds but saw his string of six straight 25-point performances end. HOT:  New York's  Ronny Turiaf  sank 8-for-9 shots from the field. NOT:   Wesley Matthews  (2-for-13) and  Marcus Camby  (0-for-6) combined on 2-for-19 shooting for the Blazers. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Turiaf, who entered the game averaging 4.0 points and 2.8 rebounds, had one of the best games of his career. He scored a season-high 19 points, matched his season high with 10 rebounds and collected three assists, three steals and two blocked shots. GOOD MOVE:  New York coach  Mike D'Antoni  used Turiaf to defend Aldridge. Turiaf held Portland's leading scorer to 19 points and helped force him into six turnovers. BAD MOVE:  Camby had Aldridge open at the rim for what would have been an easy dunk, but threw the ball so high, Aldridge would have needed a helicopter to get to it. ROOKIE WATCH:   Landry Fields  played a key role in New York's win, contributing eight points on 4-for-6 shooting to go with six rebounds, four assists and two steals in 41 minutes. NOTABLE:  The Knicks, who rank 23rd in the NBA in opponents' field goal percentage (.466), held Portland to .349 shooting. UP NEXT:  For the Blazers, at Phoenix Friday, Minnesota Monday. For the Knicks, at Utah Wednesday, Sacramento Friday, Phoenix Monday.  