  Notebook: Bucks 108, Hawks 101 Posted Tuesday March 27, 2012 11:40PM By Rick Braun, for NBA.com  THE FACTS:   Monta Ellis  scored 17 of his game-high 33 points in the fourth quarter and also chipped in eight assists, lifting the Milwaukee Bucks to a badly needed 108-101 victory over the Atlanta Hawks Tuesday night at the Bradley Center. The Bucks (23-27), who pulled within two games of the New York Knicks for the final playoff spot in the Eastern Conference, were playing their fifth game in six nights. The Hawks (30-21), who played a four-overtime game on Sunday to end three games in three nights, were led by  Josh Smith's  30 points and 18 rebounds. But after taking a lead at the end of the third quarter, they could not keep Ellis in check. QUOTABLE:  "I saw my wife ( Juanika ) today. She really lifted me up; because that's the first time she's been here. And then to see my kids (son  Monta Jr . and daughter  Myla ) on FaceTime, that really lifted me up, so I just wanted to come out and have some fun tonight."   -- Ellis, on where he found energy playing the fifth game in six nights. THE STAT:  Both teams shot 50 percent and the Hawks had a 42-36 edge in rebounds, but Atlanta turned the ball over 22 times -- including 10 in the first quarter -- to just 12 for the Bucks. That led to a 25-19 edge in points off turnovers for Milwaukee. TURNING POINT:  The Bucks had missed six shots in a row covering the end of the third and start of the fourth quarter, and the resulting 8-0 run had given the Hawks an 81-78 lead after they trailed by as many as 17 in the first half. But Ellis came to the rescue, starting things on the defensive end. He stepped in front of a Jeff Teague pass intended for Kirk Hinrich and went the other way for a dunk. That got the lid off, and Ellis quickly followed that with a jumper that gave the Bucks an 82-81 lead and he was off and running on his big fourth quarter. QUOTABLE II:  "It really got the fans back into the game and once we got the fans into the game it really lifted us back up. We just wanted to grind it out from there and we did."   -- Ellis on how his steal and dunk early in the fourth quarter got the lid off the basket. HOT:  Ellis made 15-of-24 shots one night after going 2-for-14 in a loss at New York. He made 7-of-9 in the fourth quarter, capping his night with a twisting jumper over two defenders. NOT:  Hawks guard  Joe Johnson  made just 4-of-14 shots for 11 points, eight under his average. He may have been affected by five stitches he had to get in his mouth after a first-quarter collision with teammate  Zaza Pachulia . FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Smith's 30 points, 18 rebounds and five assists should have made some fantasy owners happy. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Green Bay Packers wide receiver  Jordy Nelson  was in attendance and helped Bucks mascot  Bango  with a stunt dunk during a fourth-quarter timeout. GOOD MOVE:  Bucks coach  Scott Skiles  called a timeout with 1:41 left after consecutive baskets by Smith got Atlanta within 100-96. He called a play for Ellis, who delivered a 15-footer with 1:27 left. NOTABLE:  The Bucks were without starting forwards  Carlos Delfino  (groin) and  Ersan Ilyasova  (back). Skiles said each is day-to-day. Hawks forward  Vladimir Radmanovic  was out with a sore back for the sixth time in seven games. ... The Bucks beat a team over .500 for just the second time since beating Miami on Feb. 1. They defeated Philadelphia on March 5. The Bucks are just 6-18 against teams that are .500 or better. "That's something we've talked about," said center  Drew Gooden . "That's something that's been brought to the team's attention." UP NEXT:  For the Hawks, Wednesday vs. Chicago, Friday vs. New York, Saturday @ Philadelphia. For the Bucks, Friday @ Cleveland, Saturday vs. Memphis, Tuesday @ Washington.  