
 Timberwolves - Grizzlies notebook   By Marlon W. Morgan, for NBA.com  Posted Saturday October 30, 2010 11:36PM THE FACTS:  Memphis had a franchise-record 22 steals as Minnesota committed a whopping 30 turnovers in the Grizzlies, 109-89, victory Saturday night. The Grizzlies picked up their second straight win to improve to 2-1 for the first time since the 2005-06 season, which was the last time they made the playoffs. QUOTABLE:  "After the first game, I had lost sleep just because we lost. I wasn't even tired after the game, like I didn't give it all that I had in me. I don't want to feel like that ever again.''   - Grizzlies guard  O.J. Mayo , who scored a game-high 29 points to go with five assists and seven rebounds. THE STAT:  Grizzlies' point guard  Mike Conley  was the catalyst behind the team's hawking defensive effort. Conley tied his franchise record with seven of the team's 22 steals The Grizzlies previous team record for steals in a game was 19 which was last reached March 9, 2004 against San Antonio. TURNING POINT:  For the most part, the Grizzlies put this one away in the first quarter when they used a 19-0 run to take a 23-4 lead. It was a lead that never got below double digits. HOT:  Because of injuries, Memphis third-year forward  Darrell Arthur  has been inserted into the starting lineup for all three games this season, and he's made the most of those opportunities. Starting for center  Marc Gasol  in the season opener, Arthur scored a career-high 19. The last two games he's started for forward  Zach Randolph , scoring 14 at Dallas and 18 against Minnesota. NOT:  The injuries to Gasol and Randolph were a chance for second-year center  Hasheem Thabeet  to show his improvement, but instead, the 7-2 player has given the Grizzlies virtually nothing. Through three games, Thabeet has a total of six rebounds and three blocked shots while scoring just one point. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Conley was a stat sheet stuffer with 14 points, 11 rebounds, seven steals and seven assists. NOTABLE:  So far this season, Grizzlies forward  Rudy Gay  is earning the $84 million contract he signed this summer. With his 25 points against the Timberwolves, Gay has topped the 20-point mark in all three games. UP NEXT:  For the Timberwolves, Tuesday at Miami, Wednesday at Orlando, Friday vs. Atlanta. For the Grizzlies, Tuesday at L.A. Lakers, Wednesday at Golden State, Friday at Phoenix. 
