Notebook: Rockets 111, Spurs 98 
 
 
 Tim Price, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Dec 25, 2013 11:57 PM - Updated Thu Dec 26, 2013 12:02 AM 
 
 THE FACT : The 40 points the Houston Rockets scored in the first quarter of their victory Wednesday night matches the 40 points the San Antonio Spurs gave up in a quarter while losing last week to the Oklahoma City Thunder. 
 
 THE LEAD : Houston opened up an 18-point lead over the Spurs in the first quarter, and  James Harde n finished it off when he scored 16 of his game-high 28 points in the fourth quarter in the Rockets' 111-98 Christmas Day win at AT&T Center. The Rockets hit 11-for-14 from the floor to start the game and had four 3-pointers from  Chandler Parsons  (21 points), then Harden went on a 6-for-7 streak in the fourth quarter. 
 Starting bigs  Dwight Howard  (15 points, 20 rebounds) and  Terrence Jones  (21, 14) had double-doubles for Houston (19-11). 
 
 Manu Ginobili  (22 points in 24 minutes) had a strong game off the bench for the Spurs (22-7), but the starters hardly got going.  Kawhi Leonard  had 13 points and  Tim Duncan  added 11 with 14 rebounds, but San Antonio got a 37 percent shooting night (19-for-52) from the starting five. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "That's an embarrassing loss. They whipped us. They whipped us good."  --  Spurs coach  Gregg Popovich 
 
 
 THE STAT : The Spurs, for now, are in the league's top five defensive stats for points allowed and in the top 10 for opponent field goal percentage. But in the past 10 days they have allowed a season-worst 115 points to the Clippers and 40 points in a quarter to Oklahoma City. The Rockets shot 52 percent from the floor, including 12-for-24 on 3-pointers. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Spurs were down by three points 2 ½ minutes into the fourth quarter. Harden checked into the game less than a minute later and scored on the next four Rockets possessions. Not much later in the quarter he hit a 3-pointer that put Houston ahead by 10 with almost five minutes to go. The Spurs were able to trim the deficit to less than double digits just once. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "Coming into the game I wanted to keep (teammates) involved and keep them going and try to get mine at the end. It played out well."  --  Harden 
 
 
 HOT : Not only did Parsons hit his first four 3-point shots, he snapped out of a 1-for-9 slump with his 3-point shooting over his previous three games by finishing 5-for-9 from the 3-point line. 
 
 NOT : It looked like  Tony Parker  was busting out of a 15-for-37 shooting slump over three games when he went 10-for-19 in the home win Monday over Toronto. But he was 3-for-11 Wednesday while sometimes being guarded by  Jeremy Lin . Not noted as a top-notch defender, Lin had two blocked shots and just one turnover and won the assist matchup with Parker 8-4 (Duncan had one more assist than Parker). 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Howard's stats tend to overshadow most big men, but Jones had what was arguably his best game from his two pro seasons. It was his sixth double-double this season and his first since eight games back when he went for 16 and 13 against Orlando. 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  The Oregon Ducks football team waddled into the house to watch the game and see former Oregon standout  Aaron Brooks  score six points off a pair of 3-pointers in 14 minutes for Houston. The Ducks are in town to play the Texas Longhorns in the Alamo Bowl next week. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Despite the ankle injury that's been bothering Harden and forced him to miss the past two games, he looked fine with all the wear and tear late in the game. The Rockets ran some high screens for him that allowed him to drive to the bucket or get enough room to drive and convert a pull-up jumper. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  With the Rockets getting plenty of production from Jones in complementing another big night from Howard, the Spurs were unable to go small very often. With big  Tiago Splitter  on the floor, Splitter answered with just six points and four rebounds. He hesitated at times under the bucket. He took two shots in the fourth quarter and both were blocked. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH: Isaiah Canaan  played the final 23 seconds of the game for Houston and had an empty stat line as he was on the floor as the clock ran out. 
 
 NOTABLE:  The Rockets have won both games played this season against the Spurs, and both were in San Antonio; Houston scored 112 in the other one, and will face the Spurs again Jan. 28. ... Against the Rockets, Clippers, Thunder and Trail Blazers, the Spurs are 0-6 against those elite Western Conference teams this season. ...  Omer Asik  continues to not be on road trips with the Rockets as he is listed as having a right thigh contusion, and  Greg Smith  did not dress for his second straight game with a right knee injury that likely will keep him out of Houston's home game Thursday night against Memphis. ... The Spurs have played eight Christmas Day games (they are 4-4 all-time) and this was the first game at home on the holiday...Harden has been having much success against the Spurs lately, averaging 30.0 ppg in his last five contests with them...Houston is 8-2 with making at least 10 3s...The Spurs recorded a season-low 18 assists...Parker scored a season-low six points...Duncan posted his ninth double-double of the season, Howard his 20th...This was Howard's fourth 20-plus rebounding game of the season. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Rockets, Thursday vs. Memphis, Saturday vs. New Orleans, Sunday @ Oklahoma City. For the Spurs, Thursday @ Dallas, Sunday vs. Sacramento, Tuesday vs. Brooklyn. 
