Notebook: Pistons 85, Hawks 84 
 
 
 Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Jan 04, 2013 11:42 PM - Updated Fri Jan 04, 2013 11:42 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:  Reserve forward  Austin Daye  scored a season-high 20 points as the Detroit Pistons won their fourth straight game with an 85-84 victory over the Atlanta Hawks at The Palace of Auburn Hills on Friday.  Greg Monroe  had 18 points and nine rebounds and  Jason Maxiell  contributed 10 points and 10 rebounds for the Pistons, who led by 17 with seven minutes left and barely hung on.  Josh Smith  led the Hawks with 20 points and  Al Horford  supplied 18 points and 15 rebounds.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I went through a lot. It's tough to always stay confident but I told myself I can play this game at a high level. Even last year, I wasn't playing a whole lot. To play now with (other) guys that weren't playing like  Charlie (Villanueva)  and  Will (Bynum) , for us three it's a blessing. I just look at it as 'Hey, I got an opportunity and I'm taking advantage of it.'" 
 -- Daye on his hot shooting after being benched for 21 games. 
 
 
 THE STAT:  75-52. The Pistons haven't made things easy on themselves during the hot streak. They have been outscored in the fourth quarter 75-52 in the last three games. Atlanta outscored them 22-11 in the final quarter Friday as they shot 5-for-20 from the field and made five turnovers.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Hawks had two chance to win it in the final six seconds. Horford made a perimeter shot that was originally ruled a tying 3-pointer. After an officials' review, Horford was deemed to have a toe on the line. In the final second,  Lou Williams  had a corner shot partially blocked by Detroit center  Andre Drummond . 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We just got away from our defensive principles. We kind of got spread out and Lou Williams hit some tough shots and then their guys kind of got it going. As a team, we lost our defensive principles, what we need to do to help each other and communicate."  
 -- Monroe on the Pistons' near collapse. 
 
 
 HOT:  Detroit's red-hot bench continued to dent the Hawks. In a double-overtime loss at Atlanta on Dec. 26, the Pistons got a franchise-record 85 points from their bench. The reserves made the difference in the rematch, as Detroit had a 41-14 advantage in bench points. It had been outscoring opposing reserves by an average of 5.7 points entering the game. 
 
 NOT:  Atlanta point guard  Jeff Teague  had a rough night, scoring five points on 2-for-9 shooting. He also committed a team-high five turnovers, though he did dish out nine assists. He is shooting 8-for-34 from the field in the last three games. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Along with his game-saving block, Drummond had six points and nine rebounds in 20 minutes as he continued his push to make the All-Rookie First Team. Detroit guard  Kyle Singler  was limited to two points in 16 minutes.  
 
 NOTABLE:   Kyle Korver  made the 1,200th 3-pointer of his career in the third quarter. ...  Rodney Stuckey , who missed the previous three games with a left ankle sprain, had 10 points. ... Smith only played six seconds in the fourth quarter after aggravating a hip injury in the first half. ... Hawks guards  Devin Harris  (sore left foot) and Anthony Morrow (right hip strain) and center  Johan Petro  (flu) did not make the trip. ... Atlanta has a 9-6 road record, second-best among Eastern Conference teams. ... ... Pistons forward  Charlie Villanueva , who was ejected and then fined $25,000 by the league for a flagrant foul against Sacramento's Isaiah Thomas on Tuesday, went scoreless. He had made at least three 3 -pointers in five straight games. ... The Hawks are 5-2 with Williams in the lineup.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Hawks, Saturday vs. Boston, Tuesday @ Minnesota, Wednesday @ Cleveland. For the Pistons, Sunday vs. Charlotte, Friday @ Milwaukee, Saturday vs. Utah. 
