  Notebook: Pacers 98, Mavericks 87   By Dave Ivey, for NBA.com Posted Friday February 3, 2012 11:58PM THE FACTS:  No, Dallas. That wasn't Reggie Miller. That was second-year guard  Paul George  stroking seven 3-pointers and scoring a career-high 30 points Friday as Indiana stretched its winning streak to four with a 98-87 road victory against the Mavericks.  Dirk Nowitzki  led the defending champs with a season-high 30 points, but Dallas was defenseless against the perimeter shooting of George and the Pacers (12-for-25 from 3-point distance). David West  added 20 points on 9-for-11 shooting,  Danny Granger  scored 16 and  Roy Hibbert  grabbed a game-high 14 rebounds. Indiana won the rebounding battle 48-42 and scored 21 points off 16 Dallas turnovers. QUOTABLE:  "You got to be excited to play the defending champs. I went out there and really just gave them my all. The way I've been playing, I've grown to a comfort level. I just feel like I can knock down any shot now."  --  George, who was 7-for-11 from behind the arc. THE STAT:  The Pacers improved to 10-5 on the road, matching the Bulls for the most road wins in the NBA. They are 4-1 away from home against Western Conference teams after going 2-13 last season. Indiana, which ended a seven-game losing streak in Dallas, has also halted long losing skids in Chicago (13 games), Boston (seven) and Orlando (six) already this season. TURNING POINT:  Indiana took command midway through the third with a 10-0 run, building a 71-59 lead with 3-pointers from Granger and George and midrange jumpers by Granger and West. The Pacers protect late leads as well as anyone, improving to 13-1 when leading entering the fourth quarter. QUOTABLE II:  "He's oozing confidence, as is our whole team. The kid is just good at pretty much everything. And he's pure. He's refreshing to coach and he's just got a pure desire to be great, and it's showing up on the court."  --  Indiana head coach  Frank Vogel  on George. HOT:  Instead of looking old, Nowitzki looked like his old self. After scoring a combined 28 points on 11-for-39 shooting during a three-game shooting slump, he racked up 30 with a 12-for-17 effort against the Pacers. He sank his first six shots and nine of his first 10, scoring 20 points in the first half. NOT:  Another brick-filled second half spelled doom for Dallas. The Mavericks shot 32 percent (12-for-37) after the break, on the heels of a 21 percent debacle (8-for-38) in Wednesday's home loss against Oklahoma City. GOOD MOVE:  Mavericks center  Brendan Haywood  (six points, six rebounds, four blocks) managed to flush a dunk with 3:21 left in the first quarter despite being nearly blindfolded when his headband slipped down over his face. BAD MOVE:  Dallas guard  Rodrigue Beaubois  got nothing but rim when he attempted a one-handed breakaway slam late in the first half. Teammate  Shawn Marion  bailed him out with the offensive board and putback. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  In addition to a career high in points, George tied his career highs in steals (five) and assists (five) and matched his season high in rebounds (nine). During one sequence early in the fourth quarter, he blocked a fastbreak layup attempt by  Jason Terry , sprinted back down the court and buried a 3-pointer. NOTABLE:  Dallas point guard  Jason Kidd  missed his fourth straight game with a strained right calf. ... Mavericks head coach  Rick Carlisle  coached the Pacers for four seasons (2003-07), leading them to three straight playoff appearances. ... Indiana (16-6) is off to its best start since 2003-04 (17-5). ... The Pacers are 15-0 when scoring 90 or more points. ... Dallas is 0-7 when fewer than four players score in double figures. Only  Vince Carter  (14 points) and Terry (10) joined Nowitzki. ... Indiana opened the game by going 8-for-8 from the field and 6-for-6 at the line in the first six-plus minutes. UP NEXT:  For the Mavericks, Saturday @ Cleveland, Wednesday @ Denver, Friday @ Minnesota. For the Pacers, Saturday vs. Orlando, Tuesday vs. Utah, Wednesday @ Atlanta.  