  Nets-Spurs notebook   By Tim Price, for NBA.com Posted Saturday February 26, 2011 12:12AM THE FACTS:   Deron Williams  scored 14 points and had 12 assists, but his debut with the New Jersey Nets came at the wrong time and place. The Spurs' league-best record and 20-game home court winning streak proved too much when  Manu Ginobili  scored 26 points and  Tony Parker  added 13 points and 10 assists for a 106-96 victory over the Nets on Friday at AT&T Center. Five players scored in double figures for San Antonio (48-10). Anthony Morrow came off the bench for New Jersey (17-41) and scored 25. QUOTABLE:  "It was weird at first. We're still getting accustomed to each other. I haven't shot well since I injured my wrist in my first game against San Antonio (while playing for Utah). I pushed it tonight, I think on Manu. It's going to hurt until I rest it."    -- Williams. THE STAT:  Williams started the game with two quick assists, then a pair of turnovers on consecutive trips down the floor in the opening 3:30. But he settled in after that and did not turned it over for the next 35 minutes of the game. Bothered by a wrist he banged up early in the game, Williams hit only 5-of-13 shots and missed his three attempts past the 3-point line. TURNING POINT:  New Jersey led at the half (the Nets now are 10-10 when leading at halftime) but were almost doubled up in the third quarter when San Antonio outscored New Jersey 35-18. The Nets had only one fastbreak opportunity and blew that one, while the Spurs converted on 4-of-6 chances for 12 points. QUOTABLE II:  "(Williams) kind of tweaked his wrist tonight and he felt the effects throughout the game. He was really passing the ball. It could have easily been a 20-assist night. Hopefully we can make a few shots."  -- Nets coach  Avery Johnson. HOT:   DeJuan Blair  scored 13 first-quarter points and hit 7-of-8 shots to start the first half and  Tim Duncan  went 5-of-7 in the third quarter when the Spurs pulled away. Both finished with 8-of-11 shooting nights. NOT:   Richard Jefferson , the former Nets player, missed all seven of his shots from the floor. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Nets owner  Mikhail Prokhorov  saw his team play a road game for the first time this season. He was nowhere close to the bench, however, viewing the game from an executive suite in the AT&T Center.  Henry Cisneros , former HUD secretary in the Clinton administration and former mayor of San Antonio, also had a seat far from courtside. GOOD MOVE:  Morrow was listed as a probable starter on an early lineup card, but he came off the bench instead and scored his 25 points in 30 minutes. BAD MOVE:  Johnson still doesn't have much ammunition among the Nets to stave off an opposing team's surge on the road. Sensing that the Spurs were about to break open the game after scoring 17 of the game's 24 points in a six-minute span of the third quarter, Johnson brought Williams back in after a one-minute rest. It didn't matter. San Antonio scored 15 of the next 21 points and went to the fourth quarter leading 88-72. ROOKIE WATCH:   Damien James  (24th overall pick) got his second start of the season and his 18th game played overall. He scored seven points and had four rebounds, but also four turnovers. Both first-year players for the Spurs ( Gary Neal  and  Tiago Splitter ) missed the game with injuries. NOTABLE:  The Nets haven't won in San Antonio since Jan. 22, 2002. The Spurs last won 20-straight at home in a single season during the 1989-90 campaign.  Sasha Vujacic  started for the first time this season. UP NEXT:  For the Nets, Saturday @ Houston, Monday vs. Phoenix, Friday vs. Toronto in London. For the Spurs, Sunday vs. Memphis, Tuesday @ Memphis, Wednesday @ Cleveland.  