  Knicks-Wizards notebook   By Rich Dubroff, for NBA.com Posted Friday December 10, 2010 11:14PM THE FACTS:   Amar'e Stoudemire  had a most unusual triple-double -- 36 points, 10 rebounds and 11 turnovers -- leading the New York Knicks to their seventh straight win, 101-95 over the Washington Wizards. The victory also was New York's eighth straight on the road. It's the Knicks' longest win streak since Dec. 22, 2000-Jan. 7, 2001, and the eight straight on the road the second longest in team history. They won 13 straight from Oct. 15-Dec. 19, 1969. Gilbert Arenas  led Washington with 20. The Wizards have lost four straight and eight of nine. QUOTABLE:  "I had no idea that the turnovers were that high on my part tonight, I had no clue. But, when you turn the ball over and you still win, you must be a pretty good team."   -- Amar'e Stoudemire on his dubious triple-double. THE STAT:  Stoudemire tied a franchise record with his seventh straight game of at least 30 points. It was his seventh game this season with at least 30 points and 10 rebounds.  Willie Naulls  was the last Knick to have seven straight 30-10 games from Feb. 22-Mar. 4, 1962. TURNING POINT:  Stoudemire blocked Washington guard  John Wall 's shot with the Knicks ahead 97-92 with 47.5 seconds to play to secure the win. QUOTABLE II:  "One thing about Amar'e is he can score. What a lot of people didn't know, he can score from a lot of different ways."   -- New York guard  Raymond Felton . HOT:  What more can you say about Stoudemire? He had quarters of eight, seven, 11 and 10 and was serenaded by New York fans, who chanted "M-V-P, M-V-P." NOT:  Wall missed 10 of his 14 shots after missing Wednesday's game in Sacramento with a sore left foot. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Stoudemire's last seven games: 37, 35, 34, 31, 34, 34, 36. Now, that's a fantasy player's fantasy. GOOD MOVE:  New York coach  Mike D'Antoni  riding Stoudemire, and saying he has the green light. "It's about as green as you can get." BAD MOVE:  Washington forward  Andray Blatche  getting a technical early in the fourth quarter with his team trailing by just one point. A moment later, Stoudemire blocked his shot. ROOKIE WATCH:  Besides Wall's eight,  Trevor Booker  had a bucket in eight minutes for the Wizards. New York guard  Landry Fields  had 11 points and six rebounds. Center  Timofey Mozgov  played, but did not score in four minutes. IN THE ARENA:  The ultimate Knicks fan  Spike Lee  sat with Wizards owner  Ted Leonsis  next to Washington's bench. Wearing his usual team gear, Lee received a surprisingly warm response when he was shown on the scoreboard. Before the game, Wizards coach  Flip Saunders  said: "He's not going to see much of the game because I'm going to stand right in front of him." NOTABLE:  Stoudemire got a quick history lesson about the player he tied, he asked: "What was his name? Pete Naulls?" When he was told it was "Willie the Whale" Naulls, he said: "He must have been a pretty good player." Naulls averaged 15.8 points in 11 seasons with the St. Louis Hawks, Knicks and Celtics. He won NBA titles in his last three seasons with Boston. UP NEXT:  Knicks: Sunday vs. Nuiggets, Wednesday vs. Celtics, Friday vs. Heat Wizards: Tuesday vs. Lakers, Thursday @ Nets, Saturday vs. Heat  