  Jazz-Lakers notebook   By Bryan Chu, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday April 6, 2011 3:08AM THE FACTS:  The game was ugly. The game was bad. Those were  Lamar Odom's  words.   Derek Fisher  said it was the worst loss of the season. Nothing appeared to go right for the Lakers, even when it was vintage  Kobe Bryant  time. Down by one to the Jazz, and the ball in his hands, Bryant tried to pump fake and get rookie  Gordon Hayward  in the air. He didn't bite, so Bryant tried to go up and under. The ball slipped out of his hands. Turnover. All Bryant could do was stare at both his open palms in disbelief as the Lakers dropped their second straight game, an 86-85 defeat to the Jazz Tuesday at Staples Center. The play of its rookie lottery picks was a large reason why the Jazz ended up splitting the season series with the Lakers, 2-2. Hayward logged a season-high 22 points and had what would end up being the game-winning free throw.  Derrick Favors  finished with 14 points and 11 rebounds.  Paul Millsap  also chipped in with 22. This victory was bittersweet for Utah (37-41), which traded away its star player  Deron Williams  and saw its Hall-of-Fame coach  Jerry Sloan  resign in February. The win, which now puts  Tyrone Corbin's  record as head coach at 6-18 since replacing Sloan, over the Lakers snapped their 17-game losing streak at Staples Center and halted an eight-game skid. This game was payback for the Jazz too. Just four days ago, Utah was mathematically eliminated from the postseason with a loss to Los Angeles. QUOTABLE:  "I wish Gordon Hayward would have stayed in college and helped Butler last night instead of kicking our butts tonight. Geez."   -- Lakers coach  Phil Jackson  on the play of the rookie. QUOTABLE II:  "What a break. What a break. He feeds on those moments. It was opportunity for him to get another big moment, big shot. Gordon did a great job of staying down between him and the basket."   ­-- Corbin on the final defensive play by Gordon on Bryant. BAD HALF:  It was an ugly first half for both teams. How ugly? Odom fired a wide-open 3-pointer from the right wing and wound up banking it in. Neither team shot better than 40 percent (Lakers 39.4, Jazz 33.3) as Los Angeles led at halftime 40-34. By the end of the third quarter, the score was tied at 57-57. The Lakers found themselves down 84-79 after an  Al Jefferson  hook shot with 1:36 to play. Bryant tried to will his team to victory, hitting a pair of 3-pointers, which tied the game at 85-85 with 16.2 seconds to go. On the next possession, Hayward drove to the basket and was fouled by Bryant. Though Hayward split the free throws, it was just enough. QU OTABLE III:  "It was fun. You're out there competing especially against Kobe Bryant. Growing up you idolize him...we were going at it, competing."   -- Hayward on what it was like battling Bryant in a close game. THE STAT:  10 -- The number of missed free throws by the Jazz (13-for-23; Favors was 2-for-8 and Hayward was 2-for-5). HOT:   Andrew Bynum  was a beast on the inside. His career-high 23 rebounds included seven offensive boards. Just last month, Bynum had an 18-rebound game and two 17-rebound efforts. He also had four blocks. NOT:  Utah's Jefferson, a career 50.2-percent shooter, had one of his worst shooting performances of the season. He was 5-for-18 from the field and finished with 11 points. Jefferson was 1-for-10 shooting to start the game. He did have 11 rebounds and three blocks, however. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Looking for a player to pick up in the championship round of your fantasy league? Go for Hayward. Just two nights removed from setting a then-season-high 19 points, Hayward followed that up with a 22-point outing. He was an efficient 9-for-14 from the field and had six rebounds to go along with five assists. The big sign was that Hayward was the go-to guy down the stretch. If he wasn't sinking in a jumper, he was making a key pass. QUOTABLE III:  "I'm very, very found of him. He's a very skilled, all-around player. I think he's going to have a very bright future in this league. He reminds me of a more talented Jeff Hornacek. Jeff couldn't put the ball on the floor as well as he can."   -- Bryant on Hayward. ROOKIE WATCH:  The much-ballyhooed Favors notched his fourth double-double this season with 14 points and 11 rebounds. He was 6-for-9 shooting and had two blocks, but he was an abysmal 2-for-8 from the charity stripe. NOTABLE:  The Lakers won 17 of 18 games after the All-Star Break and now have lost two straight ... Los Angeles had a season-high 13 blocks. ... Utah shot 40 percent from the field and Los Angeles 37.8 percent. ... The Lakers missed 16 of 20 threes. ... The Lakers play the second of a back-to-back Wednesday at Golden State. ... With the loss, the Lakers (55-22) will need some major help to catch the league-leading Spurs (59-19). At the same time, Los Angeles can't lay off the pedal down the stretch because it has just a two-game cushion on Dallas (53-24) for the second spot in the Western Conference. UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Wednesday @ Golden State, Friday @ Portland, Sunday vs. Oklahoma City. For the Jazz, Thursday vs. Portland, Saturday @ San Antonio, Monday @ New Orleans.  