Notebook: Pelicans 99, Grizzlies 
 
 
 Marlon W. Morgan, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Thu Nov 07, 2013 12:46 AM - Updated Thu Nov 07, 2013 12:46 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  All three of the Grizzlies' losses this season have come against Southwest Division opponents (New Orleans, San Antonio and Dallas). 
 
 THE LEAD:  New Orleans allowed the Grizzlies to make what had been an uninteresting game somewhat entertaining by allowing a 29-point, fourth quarter lead dwindle to eight before finally closing the game out, 99-84, at FedExForum.  Eric Gordon  led the Pelicans with 19 points.  Anthony Davis  had 18 to go with nine rebounds and  Tyreke Evans  had 16 off the bench. The Grizzlies were led by  Mike Conley 's season-high 26.  Marc Gasol  was the only other Grizzlies player in double figures with 11. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We've had the lead at halftime before. The third quarters have just given us trouble. We just knew we had to come out with a concerted effort and be motivated to come out and have a big third quarter."  
 
 -- New Orleans center  Jason Smith 
 
 
 T HE STAT:  New Orleans hadn't outscored an opponent in the third quarter through four games this season. That was until Wednesday night when the Pelicans outscored Memphis 28-16, giving them an 18-point cushion heading into the final quarter. They started the quarter on an 8-1 run. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Grizzlies made the game interesting when  Mike Miller  hit a 3-pointer with 2:32 to go that cut New Orleans' lead to 93-84.  Jrue Holiday  then hit a shot as the shot clock expired for New Orleans. Grizzlies rookie  Jamaal Franklin  then had his shot blocked and the Pelicans closed out the game with two baskets by Evans. 
 
 HOT:  New Orleans let it be known early on that the Grizzlies were going to be in for a long night. The Pelicans made 13 of their first 16 shots and finished the quarter 14-for-20 (70 percent) to take a 33-18 lead. They shot over 50 percent in every quarter but the second. 
 
 NOT:  Take away Conley's 26 points and the rest of the Grizzlies scored just 58 points. The Grizzlies scored a season-low 84 points and that number would have been much lower had they not closed the game with a 21-8 run in the final 8:05. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We are a little frustrated. If we lost tonight giving the effort that we normally give and laid it all out there, we would have been fine with that. I saw that we came back at the end, but we were never really in the game. It's not our basketball. It's not what our city is used to, and we can't allow that."  
 
 -- Conley 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  Grizzlies forward  Zach Randolph  left the game in the second quarter when his wife,  Faune Drake , went into labor. ... Guard  Jerryd Bayless  left the game in the third quarter after spraining his right knee. He is listed as day-to-day. Then, in the fourth quarter, with the Grizzlies down by 28 points, Conley was elbowed under his right eye by  Anthony Morrow  and had to have three stitches. ... New Orleans entered the game shooting an NBA-best 52 percent from 3-point range. But against the Grizzlies, they were just 4-for-13 (30.8 percent). ... Grizzlies rookie Jamaal Franklin played in his first game and wasted no time getting his first points of the season, scoring on a put back 17 seconds after checking into the game in the fourth quarter. He finished with four points and two rebounds in 10 minutes. ... The Grizzlies lost at home for the first time this season and dropped to 2-3. They have not been over .500 this season. New Orleans won its first road game and is also 2-3. ... The Grizzlies had a season-low 29 rebounds. Gasol had just one rebound in 31 minutes. ... Conley has scored 20 or more points in three of the last four games.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Grizzlies, Saturday vs. Golden State,  Monday @ Indiana, Wednesday vs. Toronto. For the Pelicans, Friday vs. L.A. Lakers, Sunday @ Phoenix, Tuesday @ L.A. Lakers. 
