  Notebook: Mavericks 102, Bucks 76   By Dave Ivey, for NBA.com Posted Friday January 13, 2012 11:37PM THE FACTS: Dirk Nowitzki  scored his 23,000th point and was one of five Mavericks in double figures as they overwhelmed the short-handed and sloppy Bucks, 102-76, on Friday night. Dallas, which has won four straight overall and five straight at home, got 17 points from  Jason Terry , 16 from  Vince Carter  and 15 from  Rodrigue Beaubois . Playing without  Andrew Bogut  due to concussion-related symptoms, Milwaukee dropped to 0-7 on the road.  Brandon Jennings  scored 19 and  Shaun Livingston  added 15 for the Bucks. QUOTABLE:  "We appeared to be slow and non-reactive. There are some teams you can get away with that for a quarter, quarter and a half, and it's not as glaring. But the way they share and shoot the ball, if [their shots] are going in, you know you're in trouble pretty quick."  --  Milwaukee head coach  Scott Skiles . THE STAT:  The Mavericks produced their highest-scoring quarter (32 in the first) and half (60 in the first) and matched their highest-scoring game of the season. They shot 60.9 percent in the opening quarter, 57.9 percent in the first half and 52.0 percent for the game. TURNING POINT:  Any faint hopes Milwaukee had of hanging with the defending champs evaporated during a 14-0 Dallas run early in the third quarter. Nowitzki had seven points during that spurt, stretching the Mavericks' lead to 74-47 with a 3-pointer at the 7:07 mark. QUOTABLE II:  "On defense we're doing a good job of holding each other accountable and we feel like we can always do better at not letting the other team get in a flow."  --  Carter, after the Mavericks scored 33 points off 19 Milwaukee turnovers HOT:  Carter made his first five shots and scored 11 points in the first quarter, while Beaubois drained all four of his shots and scored nine points in the second quarter. NOT:  Subtract Jennings' 3-for-4 effort from 3-point range and the rest of the Bucks were a miserable 2-for-20 from downtown. In the second half, Milwaukee was 0-for-9 behind the arc and managed just 31 points on 28.9 percent shooting. GOOD MOVE:  With another game coming right up Saturday against Sacramento, Dallas was able to rest its key players. No starter played more than 22:19 and nobody played more than Terry (25.33). FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Nowitzki's 11 points boosted his career total to 23,008. He is just the 23rd player in NBA history to reach 23,000 and the third active player, with  Kobe Bryant  and  Kevin Garnett . After reaching the milestone on a free throw with 7:17 left in the second quarter, Nowitzki received a standing ovation and saluted the crowd. ROOKIE WATCH:  Second-round pick  Jon Leuer  made his third consecutive start for the Bucks. The first-year forward from Wisconsin finished with two points and two boards in 12:44.  Darington Hobson  was 0-for-8 from the field (0-for-4 on treys) and  Tobias Harris  added six points on 1-for-6 shooting with four rebounds and four turnovers. NOTABLE:  Bogut reportedly struck his head while taking a charge in Thursday's victory against Detroit. He was unable to pass a league-mandated concussion test Friday and spent the night in the team hotel. Milwaukee also played without  Mike Dunleavy  (groin),  Beno Udrih  (left shoulder) and  Luc Mbah a Moute  (right knee). ... Dallas point guard Jason Kidd participated in some drills Friday and could return to the lineup Saturday against the Kings. He has missed the last four games with lower-back spasms. ... Recently acquired 7-footer  Yi Jianlian  scored his first points as a Maverick when he swished a 16-footer with 4:27 left. ... Dallas had a 42-24 edge in points in the paint and a 55-33 advantage in bench scoring. UP NEXT:  For the Mavericks, Saturday vs. Sacramento, Monday @ Los Angeles Lakers, Wednesday @ Los Angeles Clippers. For the Bucks, Monday @ Philadelphia, Tuesday vs. Denver, Friday at New York.  