  Notebook: Lakers 116, Grizzlies 111 Posted Wednesday March 14, 2012 12:47AM By Marlon W. Morgan, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The Los Angeles Lakers fell behind 17 points, 72-55, midway through the third quarter, then used a rally led by  Andrew Bynum, Kobe Bryant  and  Pau Gasol  to pull out a 116-111 double-overtime victory over the Memphis Grizzlies before a sold out crowd of 18,119 at FedExForum. Bynum led the Lakers with 37 points while Bryant added 34. QUOTABLE:  "There's never been a panic with this group. The group just stayed the course, stayed the course, and stayed the course. As a coaching staff, you like that because there is still a lot of basketball left. ... That's what they did tonight. They played the game the whole time. Nobody panicked."    -- Lakers coach  Mike Brown THE STAT:  With both teams hesitant to make substitutions late in the game, a total of six players played more than 46 minutes, while four others totaled at least 34 minutes. Bryant and  Mike Conley  of the Grizzlies each played more than 51 minutes. TURNING POINT:  Through three quarters, the Grizzlies were shooting 49 percent and held an 80-71 lead. But from that point on, they shot .366 (15-41) and scored just 31 points. GOOD MOVE:  As the Lakers were chipping away, coach Brown listened to the suggestions his team was making during timeouts. That paid off as the suggestion of running pick-and-roll with Bryant and Gasol led to Gasol serving up several alley-oops to Bynum. Gasol finished with a team-high eight assists. BAD MOVE:  Grizzlies guard  Tony Allen  spent most of the fourth quarter on the bench with four fouls. But he was inserted late in the quarter with the Grizzlies clinging to a 95-90 lead. After a basket by Bynum and a missed shot by the Grizzlies, the Lakers Pau Gasol had the ball out near half court. Allen, who was guarding Bryant, went over the help on Gasol, who passed to the open Bryant for a game-tying 3-pointer that eventually helped the Lakers send the game into overtime. QUOTABLE II:  "We played a great game and should have won the game. We had a few mental lapses at key times. As I'm always telling those guys, it's the small things that win or lose games. We gave up a 3 when we were up three, and there was no reason to give up a 3."    -- Grizzlies coach  Lionel Hollins HOT:  From start to finish, Bynum, the starting center for the Western Conference in the NBA All-Star game, had his way with reserve All-Star  Marc Gasol . Bynum was an unstoppable force in the paint, making 15 of 18 shots for a game-high 37 points, while grabbing 16 rebounds. NOT:  The Grizzlies scored 60 points in the paint, but couldn't buy a basket from 3-point range. They were 2-for-19 from long range with guard  O.J. Mayo  going 0-for-8. NOTABLE:  Bryant was an efficient workhorse in his nearly 52 minutes on the court. He made 11 of 25 shots for 34 points while grabbing nine rebounds and dishing out five assists, with just three turnovers. Gasol had 14 points to go with his eight assists, and  Steve Blake  played 36 minutes off the bench, finishing with nine points, five assists and five rebounds. ... The Grizzlies were led by forward  Marreese Speights , who had 25 points, 15 in the third quarter, and seven rebounds. Marc Gasol added 20 points and 11 boards. ... Not having good shooting nights were Lakers forward  Metta World Peace  (1-for-7 shooting for five points), Grizzlies guards Conley (5-for-15) and Mayo (7-for-25). ... The Lakers shot 34 free throws, compared to just five by the Grizzlies, tying the largest free throw disparity in Grizzlies' history. UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Wednesday @ New Orleans, Friday vs. Minnesota, Sunday vs. Utah. For the Grizzlies, Friday vs. Toronto, Sunday vs. Washington, Tuesday @ Sacramento.  