Notebook: Bobcats 102, Timberwolves 101 
 
 
 Derek S. Smith, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Jan 27, 2013 12:15 AM - Updated Sun Jan 27, 2013 12:15 AM 
 
 THE FACTS: Kemba Walker  scored a game-high 25 points and  Gerald Henderson  sank a game-winning three-point basket as the Charlotte Bobcats rallied from an 18-point deficit to beat the Minnesota Timberwolves 102-101 Saturday night at Time Warner Cable Arena.  Luke Ridnour  had 22 points to lead the Timberwolves, who have now lost nine of their last 10. 
 
 QUOTABLE: " It was kinda crazy out there. I got the pass from Kemba and it was just a crazy shot. It feels great. It was a big play for us obviously. It was a big weight off of our back. We were happy to get a win at home." 
 
 -- Henderson 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Bobcats finally snapped their home losing streak. Charlotte had lost 16 straight at Time Warner Cable Arena. The last win prior to Saturday was Nov. 21 when the Bobcats defeated Toronto 98-97.Charlotte was on the cusp of setting the league mark for home futility which was 19 straight home losses by the Dallas Mavericks during the 1993-94 campaign. The Bobcats opened the season 5-2 at home and are now 6-18. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Bobcats took control and gained momentum early in the fourth quarter. Walker hit a 3-pointer with 8:52 to play for an 84-81 lead.  J.J. Barea  missed a short jumper on the ensuing Minnesota possession.  Ramon Sessions  scored a pair of his 23 points at the free throw line to extend the Bobcats lead to 86-81 and close out a 13-4 run to open the fourth.  
 
 HOT:  Sessions continues to be on a hot streak for the Bobcats. Sessions finished with 23 points on 7-for-11 shooting from the floor and 9-for-10 shooting at the free throw line and added four assists and three rebounds. Sessions is averaging 23.0 points, 4.7 assists, and 4.7 rebounds over the last three games and shooting 54.8 percent (23-of-42) from the floor and 91.7 percent (22-of-24) from the free throw line.  
 
 NOT:  Starting power forwards. The Bobcats and Timberwolves power forwards were a big disappointment Saturday in Charlotte.  Derrick Williams  got the start for the Timberwolves and played just 18 minutes and scored just five points with two rebounds and two turnovers.  Hakim Warrick  got the start for the Bobcats and was even less productive with two points and no rebounds in less than four minutes of playing time. 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Walker had an outstanding game for the Bobcats with a game-best 25 points. He added eight rebound and eight assists as well in the victory and picked up three steals and two blocked shots. Walker has scored 25 or more in three of the last five games and has scored in double figures for the 14th straight game. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Rough night for the rookies in Charlotte.  Michael Kidd-Gilchrist  played just 15 minutes due to foul trouble and scored just two points with no rebounds.  Jeffery Taylor  had three points and two rebounds.  Alexey Shved  for Minnesota was one of six Timberwolves to miss the game due to injury. 
 
 NOTABLE:  The 18-point deficit which Charlotte overcame was the largest deficit overcome to win a game this season. Charlotte shot a season-high 50.7 percent from the floor.  Ben Gordon  scored in double figures for the 12th time in the last 15 games and 24th time this season.  Bismack Biyombo  had his third double-double of the season and grabbed double-figure rebounds for the second consecutive game. He has also blocked at least two shots in eight of the last 10 games. ... Henderson scored in double figures for the sixth time in the last eight games. Ridnour scored a season-high 22 points, marking his third game with 20-plus points this season.  Ricky Rubio  had a season-high 14 points and dished out eight assists.  Andrei Kirilenko  scored in double figures for the 29th time this season while  J.J. Barea  scored in double figures for the 24th time. Kirilenko was forced out of the game on the first play and had to get stitches after he had blood dripping down the side of his face. Rubio also left the game in the third quarter with a right thigh contusion. Both players did return for Minnesota.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Timberwolves, Wednesday vs. L.A. Clippers, Friday vs. L.A. Lakers, Saturday vs. New Orleans. For the Bobcats, Monday @ Chicago, Wednesday @ San Antonio, Saturday @ Houston. 
