  Wolves-Cavaliers notebook    By Sam Amico, for NBA.com Posted Sunday December 26, 2010 9:37PM THE FACTS: Kevin Love  didn't have the best game of his career, but as has been the case a lot lately, he made the plays when they mattered most. As a result, Love and Minnesota escaped Cleveland with 98-97 victory Sunday to snap a seven-game losing streak. Love entered the fourth quarter with zero field goals and two points, but came alive to finish with 16 and 18 rebounds. That included the final board of the night, pulling it down after  Antawn Jamison  missed a runner and the Cavaliers (8-22) failed to tip it in just before the buzzer.  Michael Beasley  scored 28 points, including the game-winning layup with 5.9 seconds left, for the Timbewolves (7-24). QUOTABLE:  "I should only get paid for the fourth [quarter]. But if we get paid per minute, like the fourth, I would take that contract. It was a slow game for me. I don't know if it was Christmas, or the food I ate yesterday, but I was sucking wind out there. I was a little slow those first three quarters."    -- Love on his final 12 minutes THE STAT:  1-12. For the first time this season, the Timberwolves won a game after trailing in the first quarter. TURNING POINT : With the Cavs leading 95-94 and less than 30 seconds remaining, Minnesota's  Luke Ridnour  drove for a fast-break layup that was blocked by Antawn Jamison. But Love grabbed the rebound, got fouled and made the two ensuing free throws. Jamison followed with a shot in the key to put the Cavs back on top (97-96) with 10.9 seconds left, but Beasley drove past Jamison for the final score five seconds later. QUOTABLE II:  "This one stings a little bit more than probably any one this season. ... When you want to win the game, you have to go and take it. That's the bottom line."    -- Cavs coach  Byron Scott HOT:  Ridnour made all five of his 3-point attempts (and was 7-for-12 shooting overall) to finish with 23 points. He also passed for six assists and grabbed five rebounds. NOT : Cavs center  Anderson Varejao  grabbed a team-high 12 rebounds but scored just six points. He has now failed to reaching double figures in scoring in four straight games. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Wolves point guard  Jonny Flynn  continued his trend of playing 15-20 minutes off the bench (20:24) and finished with 11 points and four assists. ROOKIE WATCH : Wolves starting shooting guard  Wes Johnson  scored three points and grabbed five rebounds in 22 minutes. Johnson is averaging 9.3 points, 3.2 rebounds and 2.1 assists per game. NOTABLE : The Timberwolves overcame an 88-74 deficit with just 7:55 left in the game. ... Beasley scored 22 of his points in the first half. ... The double-double was Love's 26th of the season. ...  Mo Williams  (17 points, 11 assists) became the first Cav to record five straight double-doubles since Andre Miller did it during the 2001-02 season. ... For what it's worth, the Cavs finished 29-53 that year. UP NEXT:  For the Timberwolves, Monday vs. New Orleans, Wednesday vs. Denver, Saturday vs. New Jersey. For the Cavaliers, Tuesday vs. Orlando, Wednesday @ Charlotte, Saturday @ Chicago.  