  Jazz-Hornets notebook   By Larry Holder, for NBA.com  Posted Friday December 17, 2010 11:27PM THE FACTS:   David West  scored a game-high 23 points as the New Orleans Hornets pummeled the Utah Jazz 100-71 on Friday night in the New Orleans Arena. The 29-point win was the largest winning margin for the Hornets this season, while the 71-point output by the Jazz was the lowest point total this season. QUOTABLE:  "Give them the credit. They outworked us. They outplayed us. They outrebounded us. They outpassed us. They did everything better than us. They outcoached us."   -- Jazz coach  Jerry Sloan  on the loss THE STAT:  It's hard to find a place to start for the Jazz. The team had season lows in points (71), assists (13), rebounds (24), field-goal percentage (35.8 percent) and free-throw percentage (50 percent). The Hornets outrebounded the Jazz 53-24. TURNING POINT:  The Hornets (16-10) led by 17 points at halftime against San Antonio on Nov. 28 and all the Hornets did was lose 109-95 after a dreadful second half. New Orleans learned from its mistakes on Friday as it opened the second half with a 20-8 run to keep any thoughts of a Jazz comeback at bay. HOT:  West didn't shoot as much, but he made just about everything in sight as he went 7-for-9 from the floor and 9-for-9 from the free-throw line for his game-high 23 points. West also picked up eight rebounds. NOT:  There were so many "nots" for the Jazz (18-9), but you can point to point guard  Deron Williams  considering how he's scorched other top point guards so far this season. Williams went 4-for-12 from the floor for only 10 points along with just five assists. The Hornets'  Chris Paul  had 11 points, 10 assists and seven rebounds. GOOD MOVE:  Hornets coach  Monty Williams  has learned his scoring spark off the bench is now guard  Marcus Thornton . The second-year guard again played 24 minutes and again was a huge spark off the bench with 19 points on 8-for-10 shooting. It's the second consecutive game Thornton has come off the bench to score 19 points. Williams joked before the game that "little old ladies" kept asking him when he would start giving Thornton more minutes. QUOTABLE II:  "I was just trying to get myself going. I let my defense speak for my offense. I get myself going on defense and it makes my offense a whole lot easier. There is always room for improvement. I'm not a bashful guy. Just get back tomorrow and hope to get better."   --Marcus Thornton on his back-to-back 19-point performances NOTABLE:  This is the Hornets' first winning streak of any kind since winning three in a row in mid-November ... Jazz center  Mehmet Okur  played in his first game of the season Friday night after missing the first 26 games with a left Achilles injury. Okur played nearly 11 minutes and scored two points. But Okur wasn't too pleased with the loss: "Where was our effort?" Okur asked. "We just didn't play good basketball." ... Jazz guard  Raja Bell  started against the Hornets after missing the last three games with a strained right abductor muscle. Bell came back sluggish going 3-for-11 from the floor for eight points in 22 minutes. UP NEXT:  For the Jazz, Saturday @ Milwaukee, Monday @ Cleveland, Wednesday @ Minnesota. For the Hornets, Sunday @ Detroit, Monday @ Indiana, Wednesday vs. New Jersey.  