  Trail Blazers-Thunder notebook   By Randy Renner, for NBA.com Posted Sunday March 27, 2011 11:54PM THE FACTS:  Oklahoma City point guard  Russell Westbrook  hit three 3-pointers in the last five minutes of the game, including a deadly dagger with 21.9 seconds left, to send the Thunder into the NBA playoffs with a 99-90 win over the Portland Trail Blazers. The Oklahoma City win coupled with Houston's loss to Miami earlier in the evening clinches the Thunder's second straight playoff appearance. Westbrook led the Thunder with 28 points. He also had seven assists and seven rebounds. Thunder forward  Kevin Durant  added 21 and Serge Ibaka dropped in 18 points and grabbed eight rebounds. Portland forward  Gerald Wallace  led all scorers with a season-high 40 points, just a pair off his career high. Wallace though was 0-for-3 in the last 1:30 of the game. Westbrook tied a career-high with his four made 3-pointers in the game. QUOTABLE:  "Russell makes big shots, he has pride and confidence in his game and he made the big shots when it counted."   -- Thunder Head Coach  Scott Brooks QUOTABLE II:  "You just feel comfortable like everything is on a rhythm and that's what it seemed like tonight."   --Trail Blazers forward  Gerald Wallace  on his season-high 40 points. THE STAT:  Westbrook was 4-for-5 on 3-pointers including 3-for-3 from beyond the arc in the last 5:20 of the game. TURNING POINT:  Two blocks on consecutive shots by the Thunder with a minute to play and OKC clinging to a four point lead provided the critical stop.  Kendrick Perkins  blocked a short jumper from Gerald Wallace and then  Serge Ibaka  stuffed  Andre Miller's  shot off the rebound. Those blocks triggered a fast break and Westbrook dropped the ball in the basket for a six point lead. QUOTABLE III:  "They executed down the stretch, that was the difference. Those were heartbreaking 3's by Westbrook."   -- Wallace HOT:  Thunder forward Ibaka scored 12 points in the first half on 6-for-6 shooting. NOT:  Also in the first half Portland was just 1-for-7 (14.3 percent) on 3-pointers. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Among those in the sell-out crowd, New England Patriot wide receiver and Oklahoma City native  Wes Welker  and legendary former University of Oklahoma football coach  Barry Switzer . GOOD MOVE:  Despite his two bad knees Portland back-up point guard  Brandon Roy  still has plenty of good moves. He showcased his ability early in the second quarter when he drove around OKC's  James Harden  in the lane to score. GOOD MOVE TOO:  Thunder forward Durant with a big-time block on  Wesley Matthews'  three-point attempt to preserve a six point OKC lead just as the third quarter ends. BAD MOVE:  Portland's  Andre Miller  is one of the best at alley-oop passes but early in the first quarter his alley-oop for  Wallace was too close to the rim. Wallace dropped it in but was called for offensive basket interference and the points were taken off the board. NOTABLE:  Westbrook pledged to donate $1,000.00 for every point he scored tonight to Direct Relief International for the people of Japan, so with his 28 points Westbrook gives $28,000.00 to the effort. UP NEXT:  For the Trail Blazers, Monday @ San Antonio, Wednesday @ New Orleans, Friday vs Thunder. For the Thunder, Tuesday vs Warriors, Wednesday @ Phoenix, Friday @ Portland, Saturday @ LA Clippers.  