  Blazers-Warriors notebook   By Geoff Lepper, for NBA.com  Posted Sunday December 26, 2010 2:14AM THE FACTS: Monta Ellis  scored 39 points and added seven assists as the Golden State Warriors beat the Portland Trail Blazers 109-102 to craft their first winning streak since early November. The Warriors have now won two straight, both with fourth-quarter comebacks, after opening the year 0-16 when trailing after three periods.  David Lee  provided 21 points, seven rebounds and five assists, while  Dorell Wright  added 16 points, eight boards, four assists and three steals. QUOTABLE:  "They've shown that they can get back into games, make the right plays. You don't want to be down, but sometimes the game is going to dictate that you will be down. And what you've seen is a lot of character. . . . Being here so long, we have a tendency to focus on the negative and the bad that's going on with our organization, our team. That's not my style."   -- Warriors coach  Keith Smart THE STAT :  LaMarcus Aldridge  came into the game off a 29-point, 19-rebound performance in Milwaukee -- the latter number being a career-high -- but the Trail Blazers star continued his personal struggles at Oracle Arena. His 7-for-21 shooting night -- including a 2-for-8 mark in the fourth quarter, when Portland let a 6-point lead slip -- lowered his career mark from the floor in Oakland to 39.2 percent (38-for-97). TURNING POINT : The Trail Blazers led 97-91 with just more than 4 minutes left, but their seeming command provided illusory as Golden State scored 11 uninterrupted points to wrest back control. The run began with a trio of foul shots from Ellis, fouled on a 3-pointer, then continued with treys by Wright and  Reggie Williams . HOT :  David Lee  showed signs that his badly infected left elbow, which has hampered his shooting form for weeks, may have put the injury behind him, going 8-for-11 from the floor and 5-for-6 at the line to outplay Aldridge. NOT:  Portland coach  Nate McMillan  wanted to take advantage of Aldridge and Andre Miller in the post. The Warriors negated the former option with creative double teams. As for the latter, Miller simply couldn't hit the shots he got, going 4-for-15 to help sink Portland's chances despite a 53-32 advantage on the flass. QUOTABLE II:  "This loss was not because of what Golden State did, this was all on us. We did not execute down the stretch or play disciplined basketball on either end of the floor."    -- McMillan FANTASY SPOTLIGHT: Marcus Camby  returned to the Trail Blazers' lineup after missing two games due to injury and gathered up 13 rebounds and three blocks in 23 minutes. GOOD MOVE : Williams had a poor first half (1-for-4 floor, 0-for-2 on 3-pointers) and didn't play in the third quarter. But Smart's continued faith was paid off in a fourth period where Williams had seven points and three rebounds, playing the final 10:47 as the Warriors finished in smallball mode. ROOKIE WATCH : Warriors big man  Ekpe Udoh  continued to impress, delivering four points, three blocks and lending a defensive bite that led Smart to say the No. 6 selection is "climbing up the charts." NOTABLE:   Stephen Curry  returned from a six-game absence due to a sprained right ankle and had a season-high-tying 11 assists but missed 13 of 15 shots, including all five from deep. . . .  Wesley Matthews  led Portland with 25 points but committed five turnovers. . . . Portland's 53 rebounds were a season high. . . . Warriors forward Brandan Wright, who missed 18 games due to a lower back strain, suited up for Golden State for the first time since Nov. 13 but did not see any action in a DNP-CD. . . . Portland fell to 14-3 all-time on Christmas Day; it was the Blazers' first Christmas loss to the Warriors in six such meetings. UP NEXT:  For the Trail Blazers, Monday @ Utah, Tuesday @ Denver, Thursday vs. Utah. For the Warriors, Monday vs. Philadelphia, Wednesday @ Atlanta, Friday @ Charlotte.  