  Notebook: 76ers 96, Pistons 73   By Andy Jasner, for NBA.com Posted Friday January 6, 2012 11:02PM THE FACTS:   Jodie Meeks  scored 17 of his 21 points in the fourth quarter and led four 76ers in double figures as they cruised to a 96-73 win over the Detroit Pistons in the home opener at the Wells Fargo Center.  Spencer Hawes  had 16 points and 14 rebounds while  Lou Williams  scored 16 points and  Thaddeus Young  contributed 15 as the Sixers improved to 4-2. After a successful five-game road trip, the Sixers responded with the same intensity in front of 19,408 fans at home.  Greg Monroe  paced the Pistons (2-5) with 22 points. Detroit shot just 36 percent and committed 16 turnovers. QUOTABLE:  "Jodie Meeks was unbelievable tonight and he was really struggling early in the season. To see what he did is so gratifying because he's a huge part of what we do."   -- Sixers coach  Doug Collins , on Meeks THE STAT:  The Sixers won handily despite  Andre Iguodala  and  Elton Brand  combining for nine points on 3-of-13 shooting. This team is deep and doesn't rely on one specific player to carry them. TURNING POINT:  With the Sixers leading 70-62 midway through the fourth quarter, Meeks knocked down a 3-pointer and followed with a conventional three-point play for a commanding 14-point lead. Six points by Meeks in 20 seconds helped the Sixers pull away. HOT:  Hawes, who began the game leading the league in field goal percentage, was red-hot once again, going 8-of-14. Many of those shots were from 15 feet and beyond. NOT:  Detroit forward  Austin Daye  struggled with his shooting and wound up 2-of-11 from the field. His missed all three of his 3-pointers. QUOTABLE II:  "We feel really good about ourselves. We feel like we can improve, but we're off to a nice start."  -- Hawes FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Hawes not only recorded his fourth double-double, but he also contributed four assists and two blocked shots. Very, very impressive. INSIDE THE ARENA:  The Sixers were the final team to open at home following a five-game road trip. There was a large crowd at the Wells Fargo Center to welcome back the 3-2 Sixers, including former players  Julius Erving ,  Moses Malone ,  Bobby Jones  and  Earl Cureton . They all shook hands with new owner  Joshua Harris  as the crowd cheered. Nice scene on opening night. Former Sixers All-Star guard  Andrew Toney  was also in attendance along with NBA Deputy Commissioner  Adam Silver . QUOTABLE III:  "The coaches have a lot of trust and belief in us. That means a lot. They tell us to keep shooting when we're open."  -- Meeks GOOD MOVE:  Meeks struggled in the early going for the second consecutive game so the Sixers called on Williams for extended minutes in the first half. Williams was terrific and gave the Sixers an immediate spark. Having that depth is huge because Meeks came back with a big second half. BAD MOVE:  The Pistons didn't run enough plays for Monroe, who was their best player on this night. Monroe didn't start the fourth quarter which was surprising when you consider the Pistons trailed by eight points. ROOKIE WATCH:  Pistons guard Brandon Knight earned his first career start with an injury to  Rodney Stuckey . Knight was active from the opening tip and wound up with 10 points and nine rebounds. Sixers forward  Nikola Vucevic  scored six points in 2:47. He missed the previous game at New Orleans with a strained lower back. NOTABLE:  The Pistons missed all 10 of their 3-pointers with Knight finishing 0 of 5. ... The Sixers' bench outscored Detroit 45-22. NEXT:  For the Pistons, Saturday vs. New York, Monday @ Chicago, Tuesday vs. Dallas. For the Sixers, Saturday vs. Toronto, Monday vs. Indiana, Tuesday vs. Sacramento.  