Notebook: Spurs 101, Pelicans 95 
 
 
 Bradley Handwerger, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Jan 14, 2014 12:12 AM - Updated Tue Jan 14, 2014 2:10 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Pelicans lost their sixth consecutive game and seventh since the calendar changed to 2014. It's their longest losing streak of the season. 
 
 THE LEAD:    Tony Parker  scored 27 points and  Tim Duncan  added 18 before fouling out of a regular-season game for the first time in nearly four years as San Antonio Spurs defeated the New Orleans Pelicans 101-95 Monday night at the New Orleans Arena for their fifth straight victory. 
 The Pelicans'   Anthony Davis  had a big night -- 22 points, 11 rebounds, three blocked shots, two assists and two steals -- and gave New Orleans (15-22) an 87-86 lead with a driving layup midway through the final period. But Duncan, who also had nine rebounds before picking up his sixth foul, tied the game with a free throw 20 seconds later and the Spurs (30-8) never trailed again. 
 
 Manu Ginobili , playing for the first time in three games after sitting out with a tight hamstring, had 14 points while  Kawhi Leonard  added 13. 
 
 Brian Roberts , getting the start for New Orleans with  Tyreke Evans  (ankle sprain) and  Jrue Holiday  (tibia stress fracture) both out, finished with 19 points, four rebounds and four assists.  Austin Rivers  gave New Orleans a spark off the bench with 11 points on 5-for-11 shooting and recorded five assists. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I was just trying to be aggressive. I was in attack mode. When I saw TD go out, I knew I was going to be aggressive and try to create for myself or for my teammates. That shot was one of those shot I like to do it."  
 --  Tony Parker  on his final two points, a layup with 43 seconds to play 
 
 
 THE STAT:  26-for-31 -- The Spurs' final free throw numbers. San Antonio took nearly twice as many free throws as the Pelicans. In fact, the Spurs' 26 made free throws were more than New Orleans attempted. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  When New Orleans'  Al-Farouq Aminu  hit a 20-foot jumper early in the third quarter, it put the Pelicans up by double figures. But in the ensuing four minutes, San Antonio went on a 13-4 run that halted New Orleans' momentum. And though Duncan fouled out, it was this stretch, in which he scored nine of the 13 points, that proved to be his biggest impact on the game. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We had our chances tonight and we just didn't execute down the stretch. We had three costly turnovers in the last few minutes of the game against a team like that and they turned into layups."  
 -- Pelicans coach  Monty Williams 
 
 
 HOT:  The Spurs' Parker finished the game 9-for-15, including 3-for-4 after Duncan fouled out. His tough 2-footer with 43 seconds left put the game out of reach. 
 
 NOT:  New Orleans' Aminu continued his cold home-shooting stretch with a 3-for-10 night against the Spurs. In the past three home games (against San Antonio, Dallas and Washington), Aminu has gone just 6-for-23 from the floor. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Duncan fouled out for the first time since Jan. 20, 2010. ... San Antonio won the battle in the paint, outscoring New Orleans 50-40 there. ... Davis recorded his fourth 20 points/10 rebound night in the past five games. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Pelicans, Wednesday vs. Houston, Saturday vs. Golden State, Monday @ Memphis. For the Spurs, Wednesday vs. Utah, Friday vs. Portland, Sunday vs. Milwaukee. 
