Notebook: Heat 98, Grizzlies 91 
 
 
 Zachary Paul, For NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Mar 02, 2013 12:05 AM - Updated Sat Mar 02, 2013 12:05 AM 
 
 THE FACTS : The Miami Heat defeated the Memphis Grizzlies 98-91 Friday night at AmericanAirlines Arena.  
 Despite a struggling  LeBron James , the Heat (42-14) were able to extend their winning streak to 13 games. Guard  Dwyane Wade  picked up the load by scoring a team-high 22 points. James finished with 18 points on 4-for-14 shooting. Still, he did record 10 assists and eight rebounds.  With James having his worst shooting game of the season, it was Wade who came to rescue for three quarters. It was his fourth straight game with at least 20 points. Wade finished 9-for-16 from the field and also had eight assists.  
 The Heat's reserves also helped make up for James' off night.  Shane Battier  (14) and  Ray Allen  (10) combined for 24 points, making 6-for-10 3-pointers. The Grizzlies (38-19) were led by center  Marc Gasol 's 24 points. The loss ended their eight-game winning streak.  
 
 QUOTABLE :  "This was a gratifying win. I thought this was one of our better wins of the season. The entire game was tough for us. We never got into our normal flow on either end of the court. We had to work for everything. We had to find a different way to win."  
 --Heat coach  Erik Spoelstra 
 
 
 THE STAT : The Heat were 10-for-19 from the 3-point line.  
 
 TURNING POINT : James hit a 3-pointer with 24.2 seconds remaining to put the Heat ahead 93-89.   
 
 QUOTABLE II : "LeBron's 3 at the top of the key really broke our hearts, but we battled. We played a hard-fought game. They made their 3s tonight. Shane [Battier] made all of his 3s. Ray Allen made some 3s. Those guys off the bench contributed to hurt us."  
  --Grizzlies coach  Lionel Hollins 
 
 
 HOT : For three quarters, Wade was the Heat's only offense. He continues to show he is getting healthier as the season progresses. Wade kept the team afloat when James and center  Chris Bosh  were struggling in the first half.  
 
 NOT : James had his worst shooting effort of the season. The Grizzlies were able to force him to settle for jumpshots. At one point, James' streak of 475 straight games in double-figures was in jeopardy until he picked it up in the fourth quarter.  
 
 GOOD MOVE : Making the extra pass was key for the Heat. It was the main reason for the abundance of 3-pointers. Because of James and Wade's ability to dribble-drive, it left open 3-pointers for Allen,  Mario Chalmers  and Battier.  
 
 BAD MOVE : The flip side is the Heat at times were too passive, especially James and Bosh. It appeared they were perhaps too unselfish on offense in certain situations. The only member of the "Big Three" in attack mode was Wade.  
 
 NOTABLE : The Heat improved to 26-3 at home. ... Spoelstra and James were named Eastern Conference coach and player of the month. It was the fourth time James has won the honor. ... Hollins was named Western Conference coach of the month. ... On the ESPN pregame show, and again at halftime, Magic Johnson offered $1 million to James if he entered next year's NBA All-Star Weekend dunk contest.   
 
 UP NEXT : For the Heat, Sunday @ Knicks, Monday @ Timberwolves, Wednesday vs. Magic. For the Grizzlies, Sunday @ Magic, Wednesday vs. Trail Blazers, Friday @ Cavaliers.  
