  Bobcats-Heat notebook   By Shandel D. Richardson, for NBA.com Posted Friday April 8, 2011 11:25PM THE FACTS:  The Miami Heat defeated the Charlotte Bobcats 112-103 Friday at AmericanAirlines Arena. Guard  Dwyane Wade  scored 27 points and hit 15 of 16 free throws. It was his first action since missing one game with a bruised right thigh. Forward  Chris Bosh  also scored 27 points. while  LeBron James  contributed 23. The Heat allowed the Bobcats to keep things close, but never lost control. The win helped Miami forget about a surprising loss to the Milwaukee just two days earlier, and sets up Sunday's home finale against the Boston Celtics. The Bobcats, who were eliminated from playoff contention earlier in the week, were game in defeat. Center  Kwame Brown  scored a season-high 23 points while  Garrett Temple  added 17 off the bench. QUOTABLE:  "That's one down," Heat coach  Erik Spoelstra  said. "We have to move forward and get ready for Sunday (against Boston) and continue this. We have to be in playoff mode as we finish these last three games up." THE STAT:  The Heat were 31 of 35 from the foul line. Spoelstra has stressed the importance of driving to the basket. They were active in attacking the basket, especially Wade in the first half. TURNING POINT:  Tipoff was the turning because the Heat knew it needed a win to keep pace with Boston. Aside from a few lulls, the game was never in doubt. The Big Three of  Wade, James, Bosh started strong and never looked back. QUOTABLE II:  "I actually went against what I was going to do," Wade said. "I was going to come out and work my way into things. It didn't work out that way."  HOT:  Bosh seems to be criticized after every poor game, but rarely praised after solid performance. He rebounded from a poor game against the Bucks by shooting 9 of 14 from the field. He also was active on the defensive end and pulled down a team-high 10 rebounds. NOT:  Bobcats guard  D.J. Augustin  had a rough night, going 4 of 10 from the field. He was frustrated by the Heat's perimeter defense of  Mike Bibby  and  Mario Chalmers . FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Bobcats center Brown is often called one of the biggest No. 1 draft picks in history, but is starting to come around. He finished with 23 points on 10 of 15 shooting. He also grabbed a game-high 13 rebounds. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Actress  Gabrielle Union  was in attendance.  GOOD MOVE:  Spoelstra could have easily rested Wade in preparation for Sunday's big game against Boston. With one game under his belt, Wade should be better equipped. This is important because Wade has struggled mightily against the Celtics this season. He could use all the practice he can get. BAD MOVE:  The Bobcats simply didn't have enough healthy bodies. They dressed only nine players because of a roster depleted by injuries. The lone bright spot was it gave Brown a chance to put together one of his most productive games this season. NOTABLE:  The Heat now control their destiny in terms of earning the No. 2 seed in the Eastern Conference. If they win out, which would include a victory Sunday against the Celtics, they would host the first two rounds. ... Center  Zydrunas Ilgauskas  replaced  Erick Dampier  in the Heat starting lineup. ... Bobcats leading scorer  Stephen Jackson  missed his fifth straight game with a sore hamstring. UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Sunday vs. Boston, Monday @ Atlanta, Wednesday @ Toronto. For the Bobcats, Sunday vs. Detroit, Monday @ New Jersey, Wednesday vs. Atlanta.  