  Knicks-Lakers notebook   By Bryan Chu, for NBA.com Posted Monday January 10, 2011 3:01AM THE FACTS: Andrew Bynum  played angry. Real angry. Against an MVP-caliber player in  Amar'e Stoudemire , Bynum bounced him around and took it to him. The rest of the Lakers followed suit. In what was their best performance this season, the Lakers fought back from an early deficit, and despite losing Bynum -- who was ejected at the start of the fourth quarter -- they poured it on late, knocking out the Knicks 109-87 Sunday at Staples Center. The Lakers (27-11) showcased the type of championship defense that has been missing all season, holding a Knick team to 36-percent shooting and 21 points under their season average. The Lakers were feisty. Count the extracurricular activities including a flagrant foul on  Ron Artest  after clotheslining Stoudemire. Los Angeles had three Lakers finish with double-doubles. Leading the way was  Kobe Bryant , who had a game-high 27 points and 10 rebounds,  Pau Gasol  (20, 14) and  Lamar Odom  (13, 18). For the Knicks (21-15), Stoudemire finished with 23 points and 10 rebounds,  Wilson Chandler  added 19 and  Landry Fields  and  Raymond Felton  both chipped in with 12. This game may well be remembered for referee  Leon Wood 's back-to-back technicals issued to Bynum, who was initially called for a foul when Stoudemire went up for a jumper at the 11:26 mark of the fourth quarter. But what this game should be remembered for was how the Lakers responded after Bynum's ejection. After the technical free throws and Stoudemire's free throws, the Knicks trimmed the deficit to 81-73. The Lakers then went on an 18-8 run during a seven-minute span to close out the game. QUOTABLE I:  "Pretty surprised. I kept saying 'Are you serious?' (Wood is) a grown man, so I don't know if I showed him up or not. Definitely (I got all ball on Stoudemire's shot). (Wood) wouldn't acknowledge me. I asked him a question and he put his head down like a bad lab or something."   -- Bynum on his exchange with Wood QUOTABLE II:  "Andrew has a temper. He showed a little bit today. We need that aggressiveness, the anger down there."   -- Lakers guard  Shannon Brown , who had 16 points off the bench, on Bynum's assertiveness against the Knicks. THE STAT:  19 -- The advantage the Lakers had on the boards (61-42). TURNING POINT:  Bryant's fingertips were tingling in the opening minute of the third quarter. He drilled back-to-back 3-pointers, which started an 18-5 run and gave the Lakers a sizeable 70-54 cushion. HOT:  Bynum is back. He finished with 18 points on 8 for-15 shooting. He also had seven rebounds and two blocks in 25 minutes. Most importantly, Bynum made life difficult for Stoudemire. In the first half, Stoudemire was held to 1-for-10 shooting and had only five points. In comparison, Bynum was 6-for-10 for 12 points. One play typified just the night Bynum had against Stoudemire. In the third quarter, Bynum had Stoudemire pinned under the basket and went straight up and threw down a one-hander on Stoudemire's dome. NOT:  Stoudemire came in as the second leading scorer in the NBA with 26.3 points per game. He was also shooting 52.1 percent from the field (tied for 14th). But against the Lakers and Bynum, Stoudemire finished with 23 points on 7-for-24 from the field (29.1 percent). He did have 10 rebounds and six blocks, however. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Gasol had another all-around game. He posted 20 points, 14 rebounds, four blocked shots and two steals. He also was 10-for-11 from the charity stripe. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Actors  Jack Nicholson  and  Adam Sandler  -- co-stars in the movie  Anger Management  -- were sitting next to each other courtside. ROOKIE WATCH:  Knicks forward Fields sank five straight shots at one point in the first half. He finished the game with 12 points on 5-for-10 shooting and also snagged eight rebounds. NOTABLE:  Lakers forward  Matt Barnes  will undergo surgery Tuesday after an MRI revealed a tear of the lateral meniscus in his right knee suffered during Friday's game against the Hornets. Lakers team physician  Dr. Steve Lombardo  will perform the surgery at the Kerlan-Jobe Orthopaedic Clinic in Los Angeles. Barnes told reporters postgame that he "came down on one foot and rolled my ankle and then my leg got stuck and I fell back." Though the Lakers have not given a timetable for his recovery, Barnes tweeted that he will miss eight weeks. ... Rookie forward  Devin Ebanks , who was the Lakers' 43rd pick in the 2010 NBA Draft, was called up from the NBA D-League's Bakersfield Jam Sunday. ... Bryant was reported to have given Eagles quarterback  Michael Vick  a signed Lakers jersey with the message "Be Epic." The jersey was reportedly hanging in Vick's locker. Vick did have a shot to win the game, but his pass in the endzone was intercepted with under a minute to play in the fourth quarter. The Eagles fell 21-16 to the Packers. UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Tuesday vs. Cleveland, Wednesday @ Golden State, Friday vs. New Jersey. For the Knicks, Tuesday @ Portland, Wednesday @ Utah, Friday vs. Sacramento.  