  Notebook: Suns 120, Hornets 103   By Larry Holder, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday February 1, 2012 11:22PM THE FACTS:   Steve Nash  displayed no signs of a bruised thigh that sidelined him Monday night. Nash was quite efficient and quite dominant with 30 points and 10 assists as the Phoenix Suns toppled the New Orleans Hornets 120-103 on Wednesday night at the New Orleans Arena. Nash finished 13-for-16 from the floor in less than 29 minutes of action. QUOTABLE:  "I don't think anybody really understands, he's still really hurt. He's just one of those guys. He digs in when we really needed a win. He did a good job. I'd say if you wanted a percentage, he's still probably at 70 percent. But Steve at 70 percent is still pretty good."   -- Suns coach  Alvin Gentry  on Nash's outstanding game THE STAT:  There was a glaring disparity in the amount of free throws each team attempted. The Suns went 32-for-39 from the free-throw line in New Orleans. Phoenix made near twice as many free throws as the Hornets actually shot as New Orleans was 14-for-17 from the stripe. Gentry said the Suns did a nice job of attacking the basket and catching the Hornets off guard by getting to them in rotation. TURNING POINT:  The fourth quarter as a whole turned the game upside down. The Suns went on a 13-0 run midway through the third quarter to a one-point lead and a back-and-forth game into a 108-94 advantage and a blowout. Phoenix outscored the Hornets 32-16 in the final quarter. QUOTABLE II:  "The thing that I told our team was just talking about growing up individually and growing up as a team. You're going to deal with runs and we didn't deal with runs tonight. It can't affect the way that you play the game or your attitude."   -- Hornets coach  Monty Williams HOT:  Nash played great, yet so did Suns center  Marcin Gortat . Gortat scored 23 points on 6-for-10 shooting and also went 11-for-14 from the free-throw line. Gentry said it's something he expects from Gortat on a regular basis. NOT:  The Hornets are in one of their worst funks in recent team history. New Orleans has now lost 18 of their last 20 games. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  This probably won't be a regular occurrence, but backup Hornets guard  Greivis Vasquez  had probably the best game of his career against the Suns. Vasquez put up the first double-double of his NBA career with 20 points, 12 assists and six rebounds. NOTABLE:  Suns forward  Grant Hill  sat out the entire second half with a sore right knee. Hill only played 12 minutes against the Hornets scoring two points. ... Nash passed former Suns great  Kevin Johnson  to become the team's all-time assist leader. ...  Channing Frye  had 16 points for the Suns and  Jared Dudley  scored 15 points in the win. ... The Hornets had seven players in double figures and still lost by 17 points.  Jason Smith  scored 16 points, while  Trevor Ariza  added 15 points. ... Williams said he thought the  Chris Kaman  situation has been handled rather well from both sides as the Hornets continue to pursue a trade suitor for Kaman. The former All-Star center won't play again until he's traded away. "I've talked to Chris the whole step of the way until we made a decision," Williams said. "I explained everything that I was doing to make sure that he never felt disrespected. ... Kids play that game together called telephone to where you talk to him, you then talk to him. By the time it gets down to him, it's like something else. I feel like, and I would hope he feels the same way, that we always value how he's portrayed because he's a valued big." UP NEXT:  For the Suns, Friday @ Houston, Saturday vs. Charlotte, Monday @ Atlanta. For the Hornets, Thursday @ San Antonio, Saturday @ Detroit, Monday vs. Sacramento.  