Notebook: Warriors 108, Rockets 78 
 
 
 Matt Miller, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Mar 17, 2013 10:47 PM - Updated Sun Mar 17, 2013 10:47 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:  The Golden State Warriors delivered the type of bounce-back performance they were looking for two evenings after an embarrassing defeat at home, as they roughed up the Houston Rockets 108-78 on Sunday at Toyota Center.  
 
 Stephen Curry  scored 29 points, handed out 11 assists and grabbed five rebounds to lead Golden State (38-30), which won on the road for just the second time in its last 11 tries in the wake of a 113-95 loss to the Chicago Bulls on Friday in Oakland.  Klay Thompson  added 26 points on 10-for-18 shooting, while  Andrew Bogut  was the Warriors' defensive anchor with 12 boards and three blocks.   
 
 James Harden  recorded a near-triple-double of 21 points, 10 rebounds and eight assists to pace the Rockets (36-31), who wasted an opportunity to claim sole possession of sixth place in the Western Conference.  Jeremy Lin  poured in 21 points on 9-for-16 shooting for Houston, which shot 32.6 percent (28-for-86) overall and scored the fewest points it has all season. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I thought we were great. Obviously, you can play the same defense, and [the Rockets] make shots. At the end of the day, we were alert, aware, we paid attention to details, we contested shots, we protected the paint, we rebounded. It was just a thing of beauty." 
 
 -- Golden State coach  Mark Jackson  on how his players dominated Houston 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Warriors, who had dropped 17 of their last 19 meetings with the Rockets entering Sunday, including all three this season, snapped a nine-game losing streak at Toyota Center. Golden State's last win in Houston came on Dec. 31, 2007.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  After Harden drained a shot to tie the game at six, the NBA's top scoring team went through its worst offensive drought of the season and dug a hole it could not escape. The Rockets closed the first quarter with 12 consecutive misses to finish the period 3-for-23 (13.0 percent) from the field. Houston's offensive ineptitude continued in the second period, but the game got away from the Rockets when those struggles spread to the defensive end. The Warriors scored on eight consecutive possessions in the latter stages of the second quarter to stretch a nine-point advantage to a 52-31 lead.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "What can you say? ... We didn't do anything right tonight, and it was just one of those nights. We can dwell on it, or we can come out and kick the crap out of the next however-many opponents we have at home." 
 
 -- Lin on the Rockets' need to quickly put Sunday's struggles behind them 
 
 
 HOT:  Curry bounced back nicely from a dreadful 2-for-13 effort in Friday's blowout loss. The 6-foot-3 shooting guard spearheaded the Warriors' second-quarter surge that proved to be the difference, pouring in 14 points on 6-for-8 shooting in the period.  
 
 NOT:  Houston set season lows for scoring and field-goal percentage in a half, netting only 31 points on 9-for-46 (19.6 percent) shooting before halftime. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  With the Rockets ripping off an expected run in the second half, the Warriors kept their emotions under control and used excellent ball movement to create open shots for Curry and Thompson. After Houston cut its deficit to 62-57 with 4:39 remaining in the third quarter, the sharp-shooting duo combined to score 11 of Golden State's final 13 points in the period to extend the Warriors' lead to 75-60.   
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "To beat a good team on the road is always uplifting, and it gives you confidence." 
 
 -- Thompson on the psychological effect Sunday's victory could have 
 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Harden did not speak with the media after the game, exiting the locker room before reporters were allowed to enter. Although it is rational for Harden to be upset on an embarrassing evening for the Rockets, a superstar and team leader has to show more professionalism in the face of adversity.  
 
 NOTABLE:  Golden State allowed the Rockets to score a season-high 140 points and lost by 31 the last time these teams met in Houston on Feb. 5. ... Curry and Lin were the only members of their respective clubs to shake hands after the game. ... The Warriors earned just their third victory in their last 16 games against winning competition. ... Golden State improved to 27-5 this season when it dishes out more assists than its opponent. ... The Warriors are now 29-3 when leading after three quarters. ... Golden State held Houston to a season-worst 10 points on 3-for-23 (13.0 percent) shooting in the opening period. ... The Rockets fell to 4-12 this season when their opponent hits more 3-point attempts. ... Houston dropped to 5-15 when it is limited to less than 100 points. ... Rockets coach  Kevin McHale , who had a Hall of Fame playing career with the Boston Celtics, will not be rooting for the Celtics when they attempt to halt the Miami Heat's 22-game winning streak Monday. "It captures your attention. I was watching [the Heat game against Toronto] today," McHale said. "I would kind of like to see the streak go a little bit. ... It's cool, and I think that everybody starts watching the NBA a little bit more." 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Warriors: Monday @ New Orleans, Wednesday @ San Antonio, Saturday vs. Washington. For the Rockets: Wednesday vs. Utah, Friday vs. Cleveland, Sunday vs. San Antonio. 
