Notebook: Grizzlies 80, Bulls 71 
 
 
 Marlon W. Morgan, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Dec 18, 2012 1:09 AM - Updated Tue Dec 18, 2012 1:09 AM 
 
 THE FACTS:  On a night when the offenses for both Chicago and Memphis were shut down by two pretty good defenses, it came down to a deeper bench by the Grizzlies that allowed them to come away with an 80-71 win against the stubborn Bulls. The Grizzlies bench outscored their counterparts 31-16, led by guard  Wayne Ellngton 's 11 points. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "The second unit, we just tried to come in and just be aggressive and bring some intensity and really share the basketball. Tonight, it was just coming my way and I was knocking down shots. ... When you see a couple go down, as a basketball player it's kind of natural to get in that zone. I got pretty hot in the first half."  
 -- Ellington 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Both teams found shots hard to come by in this one. The Bulls finished the game shooting 37.3 percent from the floor while the Grizzlies were just a tad better at 37.5 percent.  
 
 THE TURNING POINT:  The Grizzlies found themselves trailing 20-11 after the first quarter as the Bulls opened the game shooting 53 percent to just 18 percent by the Grizzlies. The Grizzlies turned to their bench, which consisted of Ellington,  Jerryd Bayless, Quincy Pondexter, Marreese Speights  and  Darrell Arthur  in the second quarter. Their energy on both ends of the floor ignited a 20-8 run that turned the game in the Grizzlies favor for good. 
 
 HOT:  The Grizzlies' bench had the hot hand from long range, combining to make five of their six 3-point attempts. Ellington was the hottest, going 3-for-4. The rest of the team was 1-for-5. 
 
 NOT:  The Grizzlies front court of  Marc Gasol, Zach Randolph  and  Rudy Gay  struggled throughout. The three combined to make 10 of 34 shots for 26 points Gay had 12 of those points, all coming in the second half. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I thought the second quarter was the problem. We were outscored 28-14. We had a great first quarter, terrible second quarter, and got outrebounded on the road. We have to go after the ball. They played hard. That's how they play. You have to take care of the ball and we didn't do that. Then, we didn't get back and got in a big hole. A big hole." 
 -- Bulls' coach Tom Thibodeau. 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  The Grizzlies kicked off their three-game homestand by improving to 10-2 at FedExForum this season. The win also moved them to within a game of the San Antonio Spurs in the Western Conference's Southwest Division. ... The Grizzlies improved to 16-5 overall, the fastest they've ever reached 16 wins in franchise history. Their previous best was during the 2005-06 season when they were 16-9. ... The 11 points scored by the Grizzlies in the first quarter was their lowest total in any quarter this season. After scoring 20 points in the first quarter, the Bulls totaled just 51 the rest of the game. ... The Bulls are now just 2-9 against the Grizzlies in games played in Memphis. ...  Marco Bellinelli  picked up his seventh straight double-digit game with 13 points. ... Zach Randolph had hit 18th double-double of the season with 10 points and 15 rebounds. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Tuesday vs. Boston, Friday @ New York, Saturday @ Atlanta.  For the Grizzlies, Wednesday vs. Milwaukee, Friday vs. Dallas, Saturday @ Houston. 
