  Hawks-Sixers notebook   By Andy Jasner, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday March 23, 2011 10:26PM THE FACTS:  The Philadelphia 76ers placed seven players in double figures -- anchored by  Lou Williams'  17 off the bench in just 20 minutes -- in their 105-100 victory over the Atlanta Hawks on Wednesday.  Thaddeus Young  contributed 16 points while  Elton Brand  was solid once again with a double-double consisting of 13 points and 11 rebounds. The Sixers played a spirited second half, improved to 37-34, and pulled within 2 1/2 games of the Hawks for fifth place in the Eastern Conference playoff race. Josh Smith  led the Hawks with 33 points and 12 rebounds, but it wasn't enough. Atlanta looked like a different team for a while, rather than the one which got blitzed at home by 33 points by the Chicago Bulls on Tuesday. In fact, the Hawks built an 11-point advantage late in the third quarter. When Atlanta started missing shots, the Sixers capitalized and eventually sent the Hawks home with a 40-32 record. QUOTABLE:  "We just got a lot more active. The first three quarters, we were stuck in mud. Guys got in their rhythm in the fourth."  --  Williams on the victory. THE STAT:  The Sixers set a floor record for fewest free throws made and attempted (1-for-1) in the first half. Philadelphia still had the same numbers through the third. It had 17 attempts in the fourth. TURNING POINT:  Trailing by six points at the end of the third quarter, the Sixers quickly turned things around with an 11-0 run to take an 85-80 lead. That spurt was enough to energize them en route to their 37th victory of the season. HOT:  Smith did all he could to keep the Hawks in the game with a 13-for-21 performance from the field. NOT: Al Horford  entered the game with a sore hamstring and wound up missing eight of his 12 shots. QUOTABLE II:  "I think our depth tonight was the difference in the game."  --  Sixers coach  Doug Collins  on the Sixers' bench outscoring Atlanta 39-14. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Brand continues to rack up double-doubles, this time coming up with 13 points and 11 rebounds. It was Brand's 23rd double-double of the season. He had just 17 combined in his first two injury-riddled seasons with the Sixers. INSIDE THE ARENA:  The crowd was quite sparse but loud nonetheless. When the game got into crunch time, the fans got louder. They recognize how much progress the Sixers have made since the start of the season. QUOTABLE III:  "We have to keep fighting through this. There's nothing we can do except fight, fight and fight some more until we break through this."  --  Hawks guard  Joe Johnson. GOOD MOVE:  Sixers coach Doug Collins called on veteran forward  Tony Battie  to play meaningful minutes. It worked. Battie was very effective defensively and even knocked down a couple of shots. BAD MOVE:  The Hawks only used seven players. After getting trounced at home by Chicago one night earlier, they could have gone to their bench some more. ROOKIE WATCH: Evan Turner , the Sixers' No. 2 overall pick from Ohio State, played sparingly -- just four minutes. He went scoreless and grabbed one rebound. NOTABLE:   Andre Iguodala  finished with 16 points, but he was noticeably limping. Playing with tendinitis in his right knee, he seemed to be favoring that knee after launching shots or grabbing rebounds. Following the game, Iguodala said his knee was especially tender after tweaking it again during the game. NEXT:  For the Hawks, Saturday vs. New Jersey, Sunday @ Cleveland, Wednesday vs. Orlando. For the Sixers, Friday @ Miami, Sunday vs. Sacramento, Monday @ Chicago. .  