  Lakers-Suns notebook   By Mike Tulumello, for NBA.com Posted Thursday January 6, 2011 2:32AM THE FACTS:  The Los Angeles Lakers fought off a late rally to down the rival Phoenix Suns, 99-95, Wednesday night in Phoenix. Kobe Bryant  had 24 points on 9-for-17 shooting.  Ron Artest  hit the game's biggest shot, a 3-pointer with 1:30 left that pushed the Lakers' lead to 97-91. The Suns never got closer than 99-95 after  Channing Frye  hit a 3-pointer with 41 seconds left. Vince Carter  had a chance to cut the lead to one point but his 3-point try with 11 seconds left was blocked by  Pau Gasol . Jared Dudley  led the Suns with 21 points off the bench. QUOTABLE:  "I didn't think we moved the ball the way we wanted to, but we got a couple of baskets at the end that changed the course of the game. ... Oh, we're a powerhouse now."    -- Lakers coach  Phil Jackson , speaking sarcastically THE STAT:  The Lakers had a huge 47-31 rebounding advantage, even though the Suns started a big lineup of 7-foot  Robin Lopez  and the 6-foot-11  Marcin Gortat  up front to try to keep up with the bigger Lakers on the boards. Lopez had just one board in 12 minutes. TURNING POINT:  The Lakers outscored the Suns 7-1 in a key stretch of the closing minutes. That broke open a game the Suns had narrowed to 92-91 when Carter nailed a 3-pointer with 2:25 left. QUOTABLE II:  "The teams that have the best records win 30 games at home. We have to re-establish ourselves as a good home team."    -- Suns coach  Alvin Gentry , on his team's 8-8 home record. The Suns have averaged a 31-11 record the past six seasons at home. INSIDE THE ARENA:  The Auburn and Oregon football teams, who will play for the BCS title on Monday night in Glendale, attended the game. Gentry made no secret of his favored team, the fast-paced Ducks. "I like those guys. They play like we do. They're my favorite team in college." NOTABLE:  The Lakers improved to 7-1 against weak Pacific Division competition, including a 4-0 road record. The lone loss came vs. the Suns at home. UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Friday vs. New Orleans, Sunday vs. New York, Tuesday vs. Cleveland. For the Suns, Friday vs. New York, Sunday vs. Cleveland, Tuesday @ Denver.  