  Bobcats-Thunder notebook   By Randy Renner, for NBA.com Posted Friday March 18, 2011 11:09PM THE FACTS:  The Oklahoma City Thunder used a late run to blow past the Charlotte Bobcats 99-82 and extend their winning streak to a season-best five games. Thunder All-Star forward  Kevin Durant  was taken to the locker room with 1:40 to play with a bruised left shoulder. The injury is not believed to be serious. Durant led the Thunder with 25 points.  James Harden  came off the bench to score 21 and  Russell Westbrook  added 18. Oklahoma City forward  Serge Ibaka  had a double-double with 12 points and 13 rebounds.  The Bobcats were led by  Stephen Jackson's  18 points.  Boris Diaw  dropped in 13. The Thunder have now won nine of their last 10 and the Bobcats have lost eight of their last 10. This is the fourth straight game the Thunder have held opponents under 90 points. QUOTABLE:  "Our offense was out of sync for some reason tonight but our defense was solid and we really picked it up on defense in the fourth quarter."  --  Thunder coach  Scott Brooks . THE STAT:  The Thunder held Charlotte to 37.5 percent shooting in the fourth quarter and the Bobcats were just 1-for-7 with four turnovers in the last six minutes of the game. TURNING POINT:  Former Thunder forward  DJ White's  put-back brought his new team to within two points at 81-79 with 6:51 left but Charlotte would score only three more points in the game as Oklahoma City finished with an 18-3 run. A Westbrook steal of a Bobcat inbounds pass and his dunk sealed the win. QUOTABLE II:  "Russell got himself going on the defensive end. He got the big steal and basket in front of their bench late in the game and I thought that was really big."  --  Brooks. HOT:  In the first half Charlotte's Boris Diaw was 5-for-7 and  Dante Cunningham  was 3-for-4. Oklahoma City was 4-for-8 on 3-pointers. NOT:  Also in the initial 24 minutes Oklahoma City's Russell Westbrook was 0-for-5 and the Bobcats Stephen Jackson was 1-for-8. Charlotte was 0-for-6 from long range. INSIDE THE ARENA:  The game was delayed for about five minutes in the second quarter to repair the net on one of the baskets. GOOD MOVE:  In the third quarter Thunder point guard Russell Westbrook reaches in and taps the ball away from Bobcat point guard  D.J. Augustin  starting a Thunder fast break that ends with a Kevin Durant slam dunk. GOOD MOVE TOO:  With less than three minutes to play Westbrook steals a Bobcat inbounds pass and jams the ball home for Oklahoma City's biggest lead of the night 94-79. BAD MOVE:  Westbrook driving into the lane in the first quarter is expecting one of his teammates to be out on the right wing and Westbrook fires a no-look pass out that way. But no Thunder players are there and the ball goes into the first row of seats. BAD MOVE TOO:  Bobcats forward Boris Diaw firing a pass to an open Stephen Jackson in the corner but Jackson lets the ball go right off his fingers and into the crowd. NOTABLE:  The Thunder are now 22-6 versus teams from the Eastern Conference and 12-2 on Friday nights. OKC is 9-1 in March. Charlotte is 2-7 this month and 12-17 versus teams from the Western Conference. UP NEXT:  For the Bobcats, Saturday @ San Antonio, Wednesday vs Indiana, Friday @ Boston. For the Thunder, Sunday vs Raptors, Wednesday vs Jazz, Friday vs Timberwolves.  