  Cavaliers-Clippers notebook   By Brian Dulik, for NBA.com  Posted Friday February 11, 2011 11:58PM THE FACTS:  The Cleveland Cavaliers snapped their NBA-record losing streak at 26 games with a 126-119 overtime win over the Los Angeles Clippers. Cleveland's victory was its first since Dec. 18 and avoided breaking the North American pro sports record for consecutive losses, which it now shares with the 1976-1977 Tampa Bay Buccaneers of the NFL. QUOTABLE:  "Go home and watch SportsCenter. They ain't going to be talking about us tonight."   -  Cavaliers power forward  Leon Powe . THE STAT:  Cleveland point guard  Mo Williams , who had been out since Jan. 19 with a left hip injury, dished out nine assists in 11 first-half minutes to keep Los Angeles from extending an eight-point lead. Williams finished with 17 points and a game-high 14 assists in 31 minutes off the bench. TURNING POINT:  With less than one second left in regulation, Cavaliers center  J.J. Hickson  appeared to commit a goaltending violation on a short jumper by Los Angeles' Baron Davis. The officials, however, ruled Hickson's block legal and the teams headed to OT tied at 110-110. QUOTABLE II:  "That's how the ball bounces sometime. I thought it was goaltending. (The officials) didn't think it was and they can't review it."   -  Clippers coach  Vinny Del Negro . QUOTABLE III:  "I think that was the worst home-court advantage I've ever seen. There's such a thing as home-court advantage, but that was unbelievable."   -  Los Angeles power forward  Blake Griffin . HOT:  Hickson amassed 27 points, 14 rebounds and four blocked shots while guarding Griffin throughout the evening. His best defensive work came in OT when he held the Clippers' phenom to one basket. "J.J. took the challenge we gave him," Cleveland coach  Byron Scott  said. NOT:  Los Angeles' post players were savaged by Hickson and Cavaliers power forward  Antawn Jamison  for a combined 62 points and 23 rebounds. Griffin countered with 32 points and 13 boards, but shot just 11-for-26 against a notoriously soft frontline. GOOD MOVE:  Scott refused to double-team Griffin over the final seven minutes, opting to have Hickson play him one-on-one after he picked up his fifth foul. He wanted to prevent the Clippers from getting open looks beyond the arc, which worked as they missed five of six 3-pointers during the timeframe. BAD MOVE:  Davis was ejected after committing a foul with 13 seconds left in OT, allowing the Cavaliers to ice the victory at the foul line. The volatile veteran spent the extra period chirping at anyone who would listen about Hickson's regulation-ending rejection, foreshadowing his second technical foul. NOTABLE:  Cleveland power forward Jamison scored his 18,000th career point. He joined  Scottie Pippen  and  Dirk Nowitzki  as the only players in NBA history with 18,000 points, 7,000 rebounds and 900 3-pointers. ... The Cavaliers have not won a regulation game since Nov. 27 against Memphis. ... The Clippers have lost nine straight games at Quicken Loans Arena. ... Griffin notched his 44th double-double of the season with 32 points and 13 rebounds. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Sunday at Toronto, Monday at Milwaukee, Wednesday at Minnesota. For the Cavaliers, Sunday vs. Washington, Wednesday vs. the Lakers, Feb. 23 vs. Houston.  