Notebook: Nets 119, Pistons 82 
 
 
 Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Mar 19, 2013 12:54 AM - Updated Tue Mar 19, 2013 12:54 AM 
 
 THE FACTS:  Point guard  Deron Williams  had 31 points as the Brooklyn Nets handed the Detroit Pistons their ninth consecutive loss 119-82 at The Palace of Auburn Hills on Monday. Center  Brook Lopez  contributed 18 points and seven rebounds and  Andray Blatche  added 15 points as the Nets kept the pressure on the New York Knicks for the Atlantic Division lead. They bounced back from a 12-point loss to Atlanta the previous night. Guard  Will Bynum  led the Pistons with 18 points and center  Greg Monroe  added 17. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We controlled the game the entire game. There was a purpose to get last night out of our minds and set the right foot forward to the road trip." 
 
 -- Lopez on the Nets winning the first of eight straight road games 
 
 
 THE STAT:  51.2. Detroit's defense has fallen apart during its longest losing streak of the season. It has allowed opponents to shoot 51.2 percent from the field during that stretch. Brooklyn had no trouble poking holes in its hollow defense, shooting 54.2 percent while committing just 10 turnovers.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  Brooklyn was the aggressor from the start, scoring 36 first-quarter points with the aid of 10 made free throws, compared to one by Detroit. A 10-0 run midway through the quarter gave the Nets their first double-digit lead, 21-10, and they coasted from that point. The Pistons' last lead was 6-5 with 9:39 remaining in the quarter. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "Coach  ( P.J. Carlesimo)  told me what the deal was a couple of months ago. He was going to give younger guys some time and I'd probably be the odd guy out. He just wanted to make sure I stayed engaged and ready and when things rolled back around, I could be a factor in the playoffs. That's what I've done. I was sold on the big picture before I signed here." 
 
 -- Nets reserve guard and ex-Piston  Jerry Stackhouse , who scored 10 points on 5-for-5 shooting after not playing since Jan. 26. 
 
 
 HOT:  Williams reached the 30-point mark for the fourth time this season while playing just 28 minutes. He lit up counterpart  Jose Calderon  -- who was suffering from flu-like symptoms and only played eight minutes -- with 14 first-quarter points. He gave Brooklyn its first 20-point advantage late in the second quarter with a 3-pointer, then wrecked Detroit's attempt at playing zone in the third with another 14-point quarter.  
 
 NOT:  The Pistons had a multitude of issues offensively, but what stood out was their perimeter futility. They shot 1-for-18 beyond the arc, the fewest amount of made threes and lowest percentage this season.  
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  An enthusiastic group of Bosnian fans, seated on the first level, came out to see countryman  Mirza Teletovic . The Nets forward delighted his cheering section by making all four of his shots while scoring nine points. He also grabbed six rebounds. Detroit played a quartet of first-year players and they combined for 24 points, including 10 by guard  Kim English . 
 
 NOTABLE:  Brooklyn's eight-game road trip ties its longest in franchise history. It won't return home until it plays Chicago on April 4. ... Nets guard  Keith Bogans  and Detroit guard  Brandon Knight  sat out with left ankle injuries. ... Pistons coach  Lawrence Frank  returned to the sidelines after missing the previous six games to be with his ailing wife, who underwent major surgery for an undisclosed illness. ... Detroit's loss was its worst at home this season and the Nets' second-biggest margin of victory. It defeated Orlando by 39 in November.. ... Brooklyn leads the season series 3-0. The teams complete the series in Brooklyn at the end of their regular seasons on April 17. ... Detroit rookie center  Andre Drummond , who has missed 19 games with a stress fracture in his back, participated in the team's shootaround. "He's definitely on the right track," Frank said. "Obviously, we're being very conservative with him for very intelligent reasons and we'll just continue to increase his work level every day."  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Nets, Wednesday @ Dallas, Saturday @ L.A. Clippers, Sunday @ Phoenix. For the Pistons, Friday @ Miami, Saturday @ Charlotte, Tuesday vs. Minnesota. 
