Notebook: Wizards 77, Hornets 70 
 
 
 Bradley Handwerger, For NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Dec 12, 2012 1:34 AM - Updated Wed Dec 12, 2012 1:35 AM 
 THE FACTS: The Washington Wizards overcame a 10-point first quarter and outscored the New Orleans Hornets by 18 the rest of the way as they picked up their third win of the season with a 77-70 victory Tuesday night. 
 
 Jordan Crawford  scored a game-high 26 points and had six rebounds to pace the Wizards (3-15), who play at Houston on Wednesday. The guard started for only the fifth time this season and once he got comfortable, the Wizards got going. In the fourth quarter alone he had 12 points, two more than the entire Hornets roster. 
 The Hornets (5-15) shot just 32.5 percent for the game and weren't helped when leading scorer  Ryan Anderson  went cold. After going 7-for-12 in the first half for 17 points, he didn't score again, going 0-for-9 from the floor. 
 Defense and poor shot selection hurt both teams, who combined to shoot 32 percent. The Hornets turned the ball over 16 times, which Washington turned into 16 points. The Wizards gave the ball away 15 times, allowing the Hornets to score 14 points 
 Washington picked up the win in spite of the return of  Anthony Davis  for New Orleans. In 25 minutes, his first since missing 11 games with a stress reaction in his left ankle, the rookie scored 13 points, grabbed eight rebounds, had three steals and three blocked shots. 
 
 QUOTABLE : "That first quarter, I thought was getting my teeth pulled at the dentist without any Novocain. It was pretty painful."  
 -- Wizards coach  Randy Wittman , reflecting on the 11 points his team scored in the opening quarter 
 
 THE STAT : 22 -- That's New Orleans' shooting percentage in the second half. The Hornets made just nine shots, including going 1-for-11 from 3-point range. The poor shooting by the Hornets allowed Washington to stay in the game and eventually take the lead in spite of the Wizards shooting just 37 percent in the second half themselves. The Hornets had made better than 42 percent of their shots in the first half in taking a six-point halftime lead. 
 
 TURNING POINT : With 11:10 to play in the game, the Hornets still led 62-58. In the ensuing nine-minute stretch, they went cold and the Wizards took advantage. Washington outscored New Orleans 15-5, taking a 73-67 lead with 1:54 to play. The Wizards were able to coast from there as the Hornets were only able to score 28 second-half points. Crawford scored eight points in the stretch. 
 
 QUOTABLE II : "[Being] young can't be an excuse all the time. You've been playing basketball your whole life. You've got to know who or what is working. We didn't get that tonight consistently."  
 -- Hornets coach  Monty Williams  on the inconsistent play of his guards 
 
 NOT : Hornets point guard  Greivis Vasquez  has had better nights. Against the Wizards, he finished the game just 2-for-14 for five points. In fact, he has had a rough past three games. Since a 16-point night on Dec. 5, Vasquez has gone a combined 6-for-26 from the floor. 
 
 NOTABLE : The Hornets held Washington to 11 first-quarter points, the fewest in any quarter this season for a New Orleans opponent. Additionally, the 36 points by Washington in the opening two quarters were the fewest first-half points allowed the Hornets have allowed this season. ... Crawford's 26 points were the most scored by a Wizards individual this season. ... Washington's  Bradley Beal  scored 10-plus points for the 11th time this season. The rookie finished with 15 points and seven rebounds. ...  Nene  came up with his first double-double this season, coming off the bench for Washington to score 10 points while grabbing 10 rebounds. 
 
 UP NEXT : For the Hornets, Wednesday @ Oklahoma City, Friday vs. Minnesota, Sunday @ Portland. For the Wizards, Wednesday @ Houston, Friday vs. Lakers, Saturday @ Miami. 
