
 Spurs-Bobcats notebook   By Derek S. Smith, for NBA.com Posted Monday November 8, 2010 10:57PM THE FACTS:   Manu Ginobili  led the San Antonio Spurs to a 95-91 win over the struggling Charlotte Bobcats Monday night at Time Warner Cable Arena. The Spurs guard led all scorers with 26 points while rookie  Gary Neal  scored 15 points including three threes in the fourth quarter.  Tyrus Thomas  led the Bobcats with 16 points off the bench. QUOTABLE:  "He's been overseas for a few years and he's a great shooter. He plays with a lot of confidence. We needed a player like that. When we draw up a play for him, he delivers. He's been huge for us and gives us a lot off the bench.   -- Spurs guard  Manu Ginobili  on rookie guard Gary Neal's early season contributions THE STAT:  Charlotte starters  Gerald Wallace ,  Stephen Jackson  and  D.J. Augustin  combined to shoot 9-for-39 in the loss and score just 29 points. Conversely the Spurs top three players, Ginobili,  Tim Duncan  and  Tony Parker ,combined for 52 points. TURNING POINT:  Dunk by  Richard Jefferson  on a fast break with 8:25 to play in the third quarter. That dunk prompted a timeout by  Larry Brown  after the Spurs jumped out to a quick start in the third quarter. The Spurs utscored Charlotte 11-4 in the first four minutes to take back the lead which they would never relinquish. QUOTABLE II:  "They're a long, athletic, hard-nosed defensive club. Coach Brown's teams are always like that and they took us out of most things until we got a little more aggressive down the stretch. It's always a great win here because of how they play defense.   -- San Antonio coach  Gregg Popovich HOT:  Ginobili is averaging 27.0 points in his last two games and had led the team in scoring in each game. The Spurs are now 2-0 when he scored more than 25 this season. The San Antonio guard has scored 20-plus points for the fourth time this season and has been in double figures in each game this season. His average of 21.8 per game is tops on the team. NOT:  Gerald Wallace was just 2-for-11 from the floor and scored 7 points and grabbed three rebounds. It was his first game of the season in which he failed to reach double figures. The Bobcats forward has averaged just 9.5 points against the Spurs as a member of the Bobcats. His lowest average against any team in the league. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Charlotte owner  Michael Jordan  and referee  Joe Crawford  shared some heated words in the first quarter after Jordan questioned one of Crawford's calls. ROOKIE WATCH:    Neal  netted 15 points on 5-for-8 shooting including a clutch three in the fourth quarter to extend San Antonio's lead to five points. He is shooting .500 (12-for-24) from behind the arc on the season and averaging 7.7 points. NOTABLE:  The Spurs did not shoot their first free throw until the 4:37 mark of the second quarter.Duncan recorded his fourth double-double of the season with 14 points and 10 rebounds.  Parker has scored in double figures in each game this season. The Bobcats are now 0-3 at home for the first time in franchise history. Jackson is the only player on the team to have scored in double figuresin each game this season. UP NEXT:  The next three games for each team, in this format. For the Spurs, Wednesday vs. Clippers, Saturday vs.Philadelphia, Sunday @ Oklahoma City. For the Bobcats, Wednesday @ Toronto, Friday @ Washington, Saturday vs.Utah. 
