Notebook: Clippers 123, Lakers 87 
 
 
 Dan Arritt, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Jan 11, 2014 2:14 AM - Updated Sat Jan 11, 2014 2:14 AM 
 
 THE FACT:   The Lakers lost by 36 points to the Clippers, eclipsing their previous worst loss to the club of 31 points on Feb. 19, 1992. 
 
 THE LEAD:   The Lakers and Clippers continue to share the same arena for home games, but the similarities pretty much end there these days. The Clippers widened the gap even further in the reversed role with their Staples Center co-tenant, hammering the Lakers early and not letting up in a 123-87 victory.   
 
 QUOTABLE:   "That's something we talked about after the last game. We got up on Boston somewhat big and kind of let them back in the game, so tonight it was 48 minutes, executing our game plan offensively and defensively, and I thought we did a good job." 
 -- Clippers'  Blake Griffin 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Lakers have lost 10 of 11 for the first time since April 2005, the last season they missed the playoffs.    
 
 TURNING POINT:   The victor was crowned early in this one, thanks to a 21-2 run to end the first quarter that put the Lakers down by 18. They toyed with cutting the deficit to single digits, getting within 13 points in the second quarter and 16 early in the third, but the Lakers were officially put out to pasture went they went six minutes without scoring in the third quarter, allowing the Clippers to extend their advantage to 34 points.     
 
 HOT:   The Clippers scored 43 points in the opening quarter, including 20 in the paint, made 17 field goals and shot 70.8 from the floor, all season highs. Griffin continued his relentless play over the last four weeks. The power forward came in averaging 25 points in the previous 14 games and nearly met that mark in the first 12 minutes, scoring 18 points for his highest-scoring quarter of the season. Griffin finished with 33 points on 12-for-15 shooting, despite not playing the fourth quarter.  J.J. Redick  returned to the starting lineup for the Clippers after missing 21 games with wrist and hand injuries. He made the first shot of the game and scored eight of his 19 points in the first 3 ½ minutes to help L.A. to a strong start.  Darren Collison  also continues to make  Chris Paul 's absence seem a little easier. Collison started his third straight game in place of the injured six-time All Star and scored 20 points on 9-for-12 shooting. Collison made his first eight field-goal attempts in Monday's victory against the visiting Magic and sank seven of his first eight on Friday. The Lakers weren't completed blanked on highlights.  Kendall Marshall , probably the best thing to happen to the Lakers this season when they plucked him out of the D-League two weeks ago, sank his first three 3-point attempts and converted a three-point play in the first half before finishing with a team-high 16 points and 10 assists. 
 
 NOT:   The Lakers certainly contributed to the Clippers torrid start, committing nine of their 21 turnovers in the opening quarter, which led to 18 points.  But that wasn't even their worst quarter as they shot 2-for-20 in the third while getting outscored 31-8. With just nine healthy players available, the Lakers couldn't even pull their starters in the fourth as Marshall was forced to stick it out the first six minutes and  Wes Johnson  and  Robert Sacre  entered for the last half of the quarter. Even then, the Lakers weren't able to outscore the Clippers in the fourth until scoring the final six points of the game. The Clippers weren't completely spotless in their play. They missed their first six shots in the second quarter and shot 26.9 percent in that span, though they still managed to play the Lakers even, mostly due to the 10 points from Collison on 4-for-5 shooting. Lakers starting shooting guard  Jodie Meeks  had played well in the four games he was paired with Marshall coming in, but he finished with 11 points on 2-for-10 shooting and the Lakers were outscored by 43 points when he was in the game, 17 points more than the next closest starter. Clippers shooting guard  Jamal Crawford  moved back to the bench with Redick returning, but continues to struggle with his shot. Crawford, who shot 37.4 percent from the floor in 14 games as a starter with Redick out, finished 3-for-13 from the floor with 11 points. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:   "I don't think there was one positive thing we can take from that game."  
 -- Kendall Marshall 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:   Even without Paul, who led the league in steals the last three seasons, the Clippers have continued to be a turnover-forcing machine. In the last three games, the Clippers have scored 76 points off turnovers, which represents nearly a quarter of their points. The 16 steals against the Lakers represented a season high. 
 
 BAD MOVE:   Lakes backup center  Chris Kaman  has found himself out of the rotation on more than one occasion this season, so it was probably a relief when coach  Mike D'Antoni  summoned him into the game midway through the first quarter. Kaman didn't help his cause, however, attempting a behind-the-back pass to  Jordan Hill  when the Lakers were down by 20 points, prompting an audible outburst from teammate  Nick Young , who has certainly made his share of questionable plays this season. 
 
 NOTABLE:   The Lakers trailed by 43 points early in the fourth quarter, putting them at risk their largest margin of defeat in club history, a 46-point loss to Portland on Jan. 9, 1995. ... The Clippers have also posted their largest margin of victory over the Spurs this season. 
 
 UP NEXT:   For the Clippers, Wednesday vs. Dallas, Friday @ New York, Saturday @ Indiana. For the Lakers, Tuesday vs. Cleveland, Wednesday @ Phoenix, Friday @ Boston.  
