  Celtics-Bobcats notebook   By Brian Joura, for NBA.com Posted Saturday December 11, 2010 10:25PM THE FACTS:  The Boston Celtics did not play particularly well but they thoroughly dominated a lackluster Charlotte Bobcats squad by a 93-62 margin.  Ray Allen  and  Glen Davis  scored 16 points apiece to pace Boston, while  Kevin Garnett  added 13 points and 11 rebounds in just 23:26 for his 11th double-double of the season. Both teams shot under 40 percent heading into the fourth quarter and only a late surge by the Celtics bench got their shooting percentage up to 43.7 percent for the night. Nazr Mohammed  led Charlotte with 14 points while  Stephen Jackson  added 13 points and seven assists. QUOTABLE:  "We've got to somehow, someway figure out what's important. It starts with playing hard, playing unselfishly and competing at a hard level. If we do that, all of the other stuff will take care of itself. You beg people to play hard and do the right thing, that's not coaching. You don't coach effort, you coach execution."   -- Bobcats coach  Larry Brown THE STAT:  Bobcats forward  Gerald Wallace  missed his first five shots and was 1-for-7 at halftime while guard  D.J. Augustin  was 0-for-6 in the first half and missed all eight of his shots. TURNING POINT:  After scoring the final five points of the second quarter to open a 10-point halftime lead, the Celtics went on a 14-4 run early in the third quarter to put the game out of reach. Allen scored eight of his 16 points in this 4:10 stretch, including two 3-pointers. QUOTABLE II:  "I didn't say anything. Michael had a lot to say."   -- Brown, when asked what he said to his team after the game. He went on to say that owner  Michael Jordan  planned to address the team on Monday, but moved up his talk after witnessing the team's poor night. INSIDE THE ARENA:  A full house at Time Warner Cable Arena was filled with Celtics fans, especially in the lower bowl, where green jerseys dwarfed those of the home team. NOTABLE:  The Bobcats scored just 32 points in the first half, their lowest total of the season. They followed that up with a 15-point third quarter, also their worst mark of the year. Their 62 points was their lowest output this season, and their lowest total for a game since Opening Night of the 2009-10 season, a 92-59 blowout in Boston. UP NEXT:  For the Celtics, Wednesday @ New York, Thursday vs. Hawks, Sunday vs. Pacers. For the Bobcats, Tuesday vs. Raptors, Wednesday @ Memphis, Friday at Atlanta.  