Notebook: Bulls 103, 76ers 78 
 
 
 Paul Ladewski, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Jan 19, 2014 12:10 AM - Updated Sun Jan 19, 2014 2:04 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Bulls posted their seventh victory in the last nine games, while the 76ers dropped their sixth game in the last seven.  
 
 THE LEAD:  Bulls head coach  Tom Thibodeau  wanted more defense -- his team had allowed an average of 105 points in the last four games -- and he got it. The Bulls laid down the hammer in the second quarter, when it limited the visitors to 12 points en route to a 51-31 advantage. Rejuvenated center  Joakim Noah  led the way with 21 points and 16 rebounds, while guard  D.J. Augustin  contributed 19 points and eight assists off the bench. Meanwhile, injured center  Nerlens Noel  can't arrive soon enough for a 76ers team that lacks an inside presence at both ends of the court. Forward  Thaddeus Young  paced the Sixers with 12 points. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "It was a step in the right direction. They are hard to guard because of their speed, the way that they push the ball and keep coming. If you let your guard down a little bit, they can get back in the game quickly because of the pace they play." 
 -- Tom Thibodeau 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The 76ers converted only 11 percent (2-for-19) of their 3-pointers. Coupled with a 2-for-20 performance in a loss against the Miami Heat the previous night, they shot a woeful 4-for-39 from beyond the arc in the last two games.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "When you look back at those shots, three to five were poor shots. They were contested. We've put in so much time. I'm not going to walk away from that. We're going to continue to develop and teach shooting techniques."  
 -- 76ers coach  Brett Brown 
 
 
 THE FACTS II:  With his team comfortably ahead in the fourth quarter 95-65, Thibodeau actually took a seat on the bench for a brief moment. 
 
 THE STAT II:  Noah grabbed at least 10 rebounds in each of the last 12 games, the longest such streak of his career.   
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "I feel healthy. I feel good on the court. I feel very comfortable. I haven't felt like this for a long time."  
 -- Joakim Noah 
 
 
 THE FACTS III:  The  Marquis Teague  era is over in Chicago before it started. In a deal that was expected to be announced on Tuesday because of the Martin Luther King holiday, the former first-round draft pick was dealt to the Brooklyn Nets in return for forward  Tornike Shengelia , Yahoo! Sports was the first to report. The Bulls will rid themselves of a guaranteed contract while Augustin and  Kirk Hinrich  share the point-guard duties. 
 
 THE STAT III:  In an extended look earlier this season, Teague often lacked aggressiveness, played tentatively and never regained his confidence. Overall, he averaged 2.1 points and 1.3 assists in 68 games. 
 
 INJURY UPDATES:  The statuses of 76ers guard  Tony Wroten  (right ankle), guard  James Anderson  (back) and forward  Brandon Davies  (right pinkie) were listed as day-to-day. Wroten had to be assisted to the locker room and could be sidelined for an extended period. Forward  Lavoy Allen  (right calf) passed a pre-game examination and returned to action after a four-game absence. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  In a misplay that pretty much summed up the night, 76ers forward  Hollis Thompson  dribbled into teammate  Lorenzo Brown , who inadvertently turned a would-be dunk attempt into an errant layup.   
 
 HOT:  Augustin connected on 7-for-10 from the field and all three of his free-throw attempts. 
 
 NOT:  Young misfired on all five of his 3-pointers. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  76ers rookie  Michael Carter-Williams  was limited to 10 points and committed five turnovers, a far cry from the 26 points, 10 assists and three steals that the guard produced in a victory against the Bulls two months ago. 
 
 QUOTABLE IV:  "He has already played more games than he did all of last year at Syracuse. It is also hard to play against a physical team. This is a man's league, and you have to learn to play that way. It is a fantastic learning experience although a painful one."  
 -- Brett Brown 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  The 25-point differential was the largest for the Bulls this season. . . The Bulls improved to 7-1 when they shoot 48 percent or better in the field . . . The 76ers were guilty of 17 turnovers, on par with their league-worst average of 16.8 per game.   
 
 UP NEXT:  For the 76ers, Monday @ Washington, Wednesday @ New York, Friday vs. Toronto, Saturday vs. Oklahoma City. For the Bulls, Monday vs. L.A. Lakers, Wednesday @ Cleveland, Friday vs. L.A. Clippers, Saturday @ Charlotte.  
