Notebook: Grizzlies 92, Timberwolves 77 
 
 
 Marlon W. Morgan, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Mon Mar 18, 2013 11:24 PM - Updated Mon Mar 18, 2013 11:24 PM 
 
 THE FACTS : The Memphis Grizzlies looked like a team fresh off a four-game road trip early on against Minnesota, but once they got their bearings, the Grizzlies used their usually stingy defense and balanced offensive attack to put away the Timberwolves, 92-77, Monday night at FedExForum. The Grizzlies have five players score in double figures, led by  Mike Conley's  20 points, as they snapped a two-game slide. The Timberwolves were led by  Alexey Shved's  12 points off the bench.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We're trying to build something special. I don't know if we can do it or not, but we've got to work toward it. And that's to contend for a championship. Play all the good teams and beat them wherever you can play them. It's important to build on that every day. Every day you come to the gym, you've got to work hard. You've got to do what you do every day."  --  Grizzlies coach  Lionel Hollins. 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Grizzlies have now beaten Minnesota 10 consecutive times, their longest winning streak against an opponent in franchise history. The two teams will meet once more, March 30 in Minneapolis. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  It wasn't until late in the second quarter that the Grizzlies finally got their offense going as they used a 10-5 run to close the half with a 45-39 lead. That run carried over into the third quarter when the Grizzlies were able to take complete control thanks to a 9-0 run to start the quarter that was part of an 18-4 spurt that put the Grizzlies up, 63-43. 
 
 HOT:  After a couple of tough shooting nights at Denver and Utah, both losses by the Grizzlies, point guard Mike Conley regained his shooting touch. Conley was 8 of 13 from the floor to lead all scorers with 20 points. He also had six assists and two steals, which enabled him to set a club record for most steals in a season. Conley now has 146, breaking his former record of 144. 
 
 NOT:  As a team, the Timberwolves shot just 33.7 percent from the floor and no player scored more than 12 points. No starter managed to reach double figures as they shot a combined 13 for 43 (.302) from the floor. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "Tonight, we needed to come out with a lot of energy. We did in the first half, but in the second half -- the first six to seven minutes of the third quarter -- they just jumped on us and we never really responded the right way."  --  Minnesota center  Nikola Pekovic. 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  Minnesota guard  Ricky Rubio  hobbled off the court during a timeout with 3:34 left in the third quarter and didn't return. Coach  Rick Adelman  said he didn't know what Rubio's injury was, but that he could have returned had the game been closer. Rubio finished with just two points, that being on the first basket of the game. ... The Grizzlies are now 45-21, tying them for the fourth-most wins in a season in franchise history. The club record is 50 wins. With 16 games remaining, that's a record that should be shattered. ... The Timberwolves have lost eight straight road games, falling to 7-26 on the road. They have lost 16 of their last 17 road games. ... Grizzlies' forward  Tayshaun Prince  had his second double-double of the season with 12 points and 14 rebounds. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Timberwolves, Thursday @ Sacramento, Friday @ Phoenix, Sunday vs. Chicago. For the Grizzlies, Wednesday vs. Oklahoma City, Friday @ New Orleans, Saturday vs. Boston. 
