
 Mavericks-Clippers notebook   By Dan Arritt, for NBA.com Posted Sunday October 31, 2010 7:07PM THE FACTS:   Shawn Marion  and  Brendan Haywood  combined for 22 points off the bench Sunday afternoon and the Dallas Mavericks defeated the Los Angeles Clippers for 13th time in their last 14 meetings, 99-83, at Staples Center. QUOTABLE:  "I just provide energy on both ends of the floor."  "Sometimes, people put the emphasis on scoring all the time, and it's something I can definitely do, but I just came out with energy."  --  Marion,  who finished with 12 points THE STAT:  The Clippers have been atrocious coming out of halftime this season. They were a combined two for 12 from the field in the first three minutes of the third quarter in losses to Portland and Golden State, and went two for 11 in the first five minutes against Dallas, turning a two-point deficit into an 11-point deficit. TURNING POINT:  With the Mavericks trailing by a point in the final seconds of the first half, Dallas point guard  Jason Kidd  made a 50-foot basket from just inside the Clippers' 3-point line, giving his team a lead they would not relinquish. QUOTABLE II:  "I'm not going for the three-point percentage record, so I let it go." "I saw it was on line but a lot of times, when it's on line, it does not go in. I just got lucky."  --  Kidd  said of the long basket   HOT:  Haywood scored six consecutive points off offensive rebounds early in the second quarter, helping the Mavericks withstand a run by the Clippers. Haywood finished with 10 points on five-for-six shooting, grabbed six rebounds and blocked three shots in 28 minutes. NOT:  The Clippers shot 34.1 percent from the floor against the Mavericks. They have not shot better than 40.5 percent in each of their three losses this season. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Kidd came into the game with 28 assists in two games, his best start in that category since the 1997-98 season. He had seven more against the Clippers. ROOKIE WATCH:  Clippers point guard  Eric Bledsoe  was called upon to back up  Baron Davis  after  Randy Foye  injured his hamstring during practice Saturday. Bledsoe did well in his first substitution, helping the Clippers erase an early nine-point deficit.  Blake Griffin  struggled with his shot for the Clippers, shooting four-for-15 and scoring 16 points. NOTABLE:  The Clippers are 0-3 to start the season for the third consecutive year. UP NEXT:  The next three games for each team, in this format. For the Clippers, Monday vs. Spurs, Wednesday vs. Thunder, Friday @ Nuggets. For the Mavericks, Wednesday @ Nuggets, Saturday vs. Denver. Nov. 8 vs. Celtics. 
