
 Sixers-Bucks notebook   By Andy Jasner, for NBA.com Posted Friday January 14, 2011 10:56PM THE FACTS: Lou Williams  scored 25 points off the bench, and the Sixers shot the ball extremely well -- 57 percent -- but they still had to hold on for a 95-94 victory over the Bucks on Friday. The Bucks had two chances to win the game on their final possession.  Corey Maggette  drove to the basket and was stripped by  Andre Iguodala . Somehow, the ball got deflected and was kicked out to  Earl Boykins  on the baseline. Boykins' potential game-winning 3-pointer clanged off the rim. The speedy 5-foot-5 Boykins was sensational with eight points and a season-high 11 assists, just two shy of tying his career-high. Williams put the Sixers ahead 95-94 with a clutch 3-pointer over  John Salmons ' outstretched arm with 43.2 seconds left. Iguodala and  Elton Brand  added 15 points each for the Sixers, who finally won a close game. They had been 0-7 in games decided by four or fewer points this season. The Bucks placed six players in double figures paced by Maggette's 16.  Andrew Bogut  managed a double-double consisting of 10 points and 12 rebounds. QUOTABLE:  "It's a huge step. Our guys feel good about it."  --  Sixers coach  Doug Collins , on winning a game by four or fewer points for the first time THE STAT:  The Sixers improved to 7-2 in games this season when they shoot 50 percent or better. TURNING POINT:  Milwaukee held a 94-92 advantage with 2:03 remaining, but lost the lead for good when Williams hit his huge 3-pointer. If that shot doesn't fall, the Bucks very well could have picked up a tough road victory. HOT:  Brand knocked down his first seven shots and didn't miss until 1:03 was left in the third. Brand was hitting from a variety of spots on the floor. NOT:  Sixers starting guard  Jodie Meeks  had just three points on 1-for-8 shooting. His only basket was a 3-pointer in the third. QUOTABLE II:  "We've got to start doing something with our lineup. We've been patient long enough. We've got to get off to a better start."   -- Bucks coach  Scott Skiles , on falling behind by 15 points FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Williams isn't just a shooter. He's slicing to the basket and getting to the free throw line on a consistent basis. Williams was 9-for-11 from the foul line and added four assists. Any fantasy player is sure to pick up a bevy of points from Williams these days. INSIDE THE ARENA:  There was a nice crowd for a Friday night at the Wells Fargo Center against the 14-22 Bucks. The fans were into the action from the opening tip and throughout the game, especially in the final frenetic minute. QUOTABLE III:  "John Salmons did a good job defensively and he cut off the lane. Honestly, it was the only shot he was giving me, so I took it."   -- Williams, on his go-ahead 3-pointer over Salmons GOOD MOVE:  Collins started reserves  Thaddeus Young  and Williams in the fourth. This duo had been so playing so well and was extremely active. Collins has always said he'll go with the players competing at the highest level at any point in the game. BAD MOVE:  The Bucks didn't go inside enough to Bogut. Philadelphia's glaring weakness comes at center and the Bucks didn't do enough to exploit this mismatch. ROOKIE WATCH: Evan Turner , the No. 2 overall pick from Ohio State, had four points and two rebounds in 10 minutes. Bucks rookie forward  Larry Sanders  didn't play. NOTABLE:  Philadelphia's bench accumulated 44 points. Over the past eight games, the Sixers' reserves are averaging 43.6 points. NEXT:  For the Bucks, Monday @ Houston, Wednesday vs. Washington, Friday @ Cleveland. For the Sixers, Monday vs. Charlotte, Wednesday @ Orlando, Thursday @ Charlotte. 
