  Kings-Hornets notebook   By Larry Holder, for NBA.com Posted Saturday March 12, 2011 11:16PM THE FACTS:   Chris Paul  played with renewed vigor as he returned to the lineup with 33 points, 15 assists, seven rebounds and five steals as the New Orleans Hornets toppled the Sacramento Kings 115-103 on Saturday night at the New Orleans Arena. The Hornets have now won four of their last five games. The Kings have lost six in a row and eight of their last nine. QUOTABLE:  "I get into the lane a lot to draw defenders. I still made those passes tonight, but tonight I was able to fake a few guys and had some layups here and there and that's what got me going."  --  Paul, who went 13 of 21 from the floor after missing the last two games with a concussion, on his aggression the last three games he's played in. THE STAT:  Six -- the Hornets move into sixth place in the Western Conference with their win and Portland's loss to Atlanta. TURNING POINT:  The Hornets went on a 23-5 run to open the fourth quarter as New Orleans jumped out to a 107-90 lead after trailing 85-84 going into the final quarter. Paul scored 10 of his 33 points during the run. HOT:  Hornets forward  David West  played an All-Star caliber game on Saturday night. West scored 25 points on 12 of 18 shooting along with nine rebounds. NOT:  Hornets guard  Jarrett Jack  cooled off with Paul's return going 0 of 5 from the floor with no points in his 16 minutes of action. Jack had become a scoring force during the last 12 games, but his teammates picked up the slack for him. QUOTABLE II:  "We couldn't execute like we needed to in the fourth quarter and obviously couldn't stop Chris Paul and David West. That's pretty much the game in a nutshell. We can talk about it in more detail, but that's what happened as far as we're concerned."  --  Kings coach  Paul Westphal  on the loss. ROOKIE WATCH:  Kings forward  DeMarcus Cousins  was a force in the paint with 19 points and 11 rebounds. He went to the locker room after injuring his shoulder in the fourth quarter, but returned to the game. NOTABLE:  The Hornets scored a season-high with 113 points. It's the first time in 14 games that New Orleans has topped the 100-point plateau...Both pieces of the deadline trade between the Hornets and Kings played well on Saturday. Kings guard  Marcus Thornton  scored a team-high 25 points going 11 of 19 from the field. Thornton received a nice ovation from the crowd as he was a fan favorite in New Orleans. Hornets forward  Carl Landry  continues to be a force off the bench down low as he scored 20 points. His production gave the Hornets three players with 20 or more points...Paid attendance was 15,530. UP NEXT:  For the Kings, Monday vs. Golden State, Wednesday vs. Cleveland, Friday vs. Philadelphia. For the Hornets, Monday vs. Denver, Wednesday vs. Phoenix, Saturday vs. Boston.  