  Spurs-Rockets notebook   By Matt Miller, for NBA.com Posted Sunday March 13, 2011 12:28AM THE FACTS: Tim Duncan  may have lost a step or two, but he is still making big plays for the San Antonio Spurs. Duncan connected on a go-ahead eight-footer with 70 seconds remaining, and  Tony Parker  scored 21 points to lead the Spurs to a 115-107 victory over the Houston Rockets on Saturday at Toyota Center.  Manu Ginobili  added 19 points, three assists and three steals for San Antonio (54-12), which has won three games in a row since getting thrashed at home against the Los Angeles Lakers less than a week ago. Kevin Martin  scored a game-high 28 points and handed out five assists to pace Houston's attack, but it was not enough to prevent the Rockets (33-34) from dropping another must-win contest and creeping closer toward elimination from the NBA playoffs. QUOTABLE:  "[Duncan] gave us four big points in a row. ... He's not the guy that we just give the ball to and just wait and see. Not constantly, but in some parts of the game we're going to do it. He's still a great, great player."    -- Ginobili on Duncan's reduced role in San Antonio's offense THE STAT:  The Spurs grabbed only two more offensive rebounds than Houston, but they did not squander their second chances. San Antonio finished the game with an 18-8 advantage in second-chance points. TURNING POINT:  With the game tied at 107, Duncan turned back the clock and nailed a short jumper over 6-foot-6 center  Chuck Hayes  to give the Spurs the lead for good. Duncan also hit a pair of free throws that pushed San Antonio's advantage to 111-107 with 30.8 seconds left to play. QUOTABLE II:  "[The Spurs] understand their game. They understand who they are going to go to, and they put players in situations where they're going to be successful."    -- Rockets guard  Kyle Lowry  on San Antonio's ability to execute during the closing moments of games HOT:  Houston reserve guard  Courtney Lee  played an important role in keeping the Rockets within striking distance during the first half, scoring a team-high 15 points on 5-for-8 shooting and pulling down four boards. Lee delivered a valiant effort on the defensive end in the second half, helping limit Ginobili to only eight points on 2-for-8 shooting. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Parker turned in another productive night for his fantasy owners, scoring 21 points and dishing out six assists. Parker is averaging 23.7 points and 6.3 assists over the last three games, so owners should take advantage of the hot play from the man who orchestrates the Spurs' high-powered offense. BAD MOVE:  Lowry picked up an early second foul when an official caught him trying to shove a pressuring  Richard Jefferson  away from his body. Lowry may have been trying to send a message to the referees and his opponents, but he picked an improper time and place. ROOKIE WATCH:  The Spurs'  Gary Neal  reached double figures for the 11th time in the last 12 games, finishing with 10 points (4-for-9 from the field) to go with two rebounds and one steal. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Saturday's contest was the beginning of a six-game homestand for Houston, but the Rockets did not have much of a home-court advantage. With thousands of San Antonio fans in attendance, it seemed at times that the Spurs were playing at AT&T Center, especially in the closing seconds when a half-empty arena chanted "Go Spurs, Go!" ... Rockets owner  Les Alexander  was in the building, making a lengthy appearance on the Fox Sports Houston broadcast during the first half. ... Lowry drained a buzzer-beating 3-pointer from about 35 feet to give the Rockets an 82-81 lead and cap a 33-point third quarter for Houston. NOTABLE:   Luis Scola , the Rockets' top rebounder and second-leading scorer, missed his second straight game due to a strained left knee. ... The Spurs scored 36 points in the opening quarter, setting Houston's season high for most points allowed in the first period. ... The Spurs have won four straight over the Rockets. ...San Antonio has won five consecutive games on the second night of back-to-back sets. ... The Spurs improved to 41-3 this season when scoring at least 100 points. ... San Antonio improved to 13-0 on the road when it leads after one quarter. ... Houston fell to 17-14 at home. ... The Rockets fell to 4-20 when they allow at least 110 points. UP NEXT:  For the Spurs, Monday @ Miami (ESPN), Friday @ Dallas, Saturday vs. Charlotte. For the Rockets, Monday vs. Phoenix, Wednesday vs. Charlotte, Friday vs. Boston.  