  Blazers-Grizzlies notebook    By Marlon W. Morgan, for NBA.com  Posted Tuesday November 16, 2010 11:33PM THE FACTS:  No  Brandon Roy ? No problem. Filling in for the injured Roy, who was sidelined with a sore left knee, guard  Wesley Matthews  simply scored a career-high 30 points as the Portland Trail Blazers snapped a two-game skid with a 100-99 win over the Memphis Grizzlies. QUOTABLE:  "I was missing them early, but the team stuck with me. I stuck with myself and the coaches stuck with me and I was able to come out with a decent shooting night. ... Who doesn't get frustrated when you're being inconsistent? I demand so much from myself. I hold myself to a standard of accountability, especially when you put in the time and you don't see the results. But you've got to stick with it. My grandma and my mom kept telling me to stay with it. I kept staying with it."   -  Matthews on scoring a career-high 30 points in his first start of the season. THE STAT : Matthews entered the came averaging 9.5 points, but struggling with his shot, particularly from 3-point range where he was 6 of 32 (19 percent). But against the Grizzlies, the second-year guard made 5 of his first 6 from long range. He ended the game making 11 of his 19 shots overall, 5 of 10 from 3-point range. TURNING POINT:  With Portland clinging to a 95-93 lead with less than a minute remaining, the Grizzlies failed to score on their next two possessions. Guard  O.J. Mayo  turned the ball over when he lost his dribble, leading to an  Andre Miller  layup. Then, point guard  Mike Conley  missed a floater with 9.8 seconds remaining. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  In addition to scoring 11 of his team's final 15 points to finish with 19 points, Miller dished out nine assists and had five steals, the most by a Grizzlies' opponent this season. QUOTABLE II:  "We needed to play well to give ourselves something good going home. Now we need to go home and take care of business there. We had two bad games. We weren't playing well at all."  -  Portland coach  Nate McMillan  on avoiding an 0-3 road trip. NOTABLE:  FedExForum has definitely become Portland's home away from home. Their win over the Grizzlies was their eighth in a row at the Forum. The Grizzlies have not beaten Portland at home since Dec. 21, 2005. UP NEXT:  For the Blazers, Thursday vs. Denver, Saturday vs. Utah, Nov. 26 vs. New Orleans; For the Grizzlies, Friday at Washington, Saturday vs. Miami, Wednesday vs. Detroit.  