  Wizards-Lakers notebook   By Bryan Chu, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday December 8, 2010 2:49AM THE FACTS:  Local product  Nick Young  and the Wizards nearly came back from what seemed like an insurmountable lead. But the Lakers, behind  Kobe Bryant , managed to pull it out down the stretch, eking out a 115-108 victory over the Wizards at Staples Center Tuesday. The Lakers (15-6) led by as many as 19 points but they held on thanks to Bryant, who finished with nine of his game-high 32 points in the fourth quarter. An all-around game by  Pau Gasol , who had 21 points, 14 rebounds and eight assists, didn't hurt either.  Lamar Odom  had 24 points on an efficient 8-for-12 shooting night. The Wizards (6-14) have now lost eight straight to the Lakers, but this one was close down the stretch as they got to within four, 110-106, with 1:20 left in the game. But Bryant -- and a costly turnover by Washington -- was too much down the stretch. In the loss, Washington received stellar play from their three guards. Young recorded a season-high 30 points on 10-for-18 from the field. He also sank six 3-pointers.  John Wall  tallied 22 points and a season-high 14 assists and  Gilbert Arenas  chipped in with 23 points, but had seven turnovers. QUOTABLE:  "They really sucked the joy out of winning that one didn't they. ... We know when Nick Young comes to town we're just going to give up 25 points."   -- Lakers coach  Phil Jackson ,   on his team letting the Wizards back into the game and Young's performance. THE STAT:  19-18 -- Arenas and Young torched the Lakers by themselves in the third period, outscoring Los Angeles by themselves. As a team, the Wizards outscored the Lakers 28-18. TURNING POINT:  In the final three minutes of the third quarter, the Wizards rattled off a 16-1 run to get to within 87-84, a rally and effort that the team is saying can help them build on the season. "Even though we lost, we learned how to play with each other," Young told NBA.com. "If we don't do those turnovers here, take some of those away, we could've pulled this on out." HOT:  Young has now recorded back-to-back stellar performances off the bench. Against Phoenix Sunday, Young dropped 20 points and against the Lakers he had a season-high 30. The former USC guard poured in 15 in the second quarter alone. Young has now scored 20 or more points in seven contests this season, a stat that leads all reserves in the NBA. He is just three shy of matching his 20-plus game total from all of last season. QUOTABLE II:  "The opportunity is there for me. I'm not trying to slack off. It's my fourth year. I'm trying to make a name for myself. It's a sign, but at the same time (this loss is) tough. When you're performing well, you want to get that victory at home. I haven't gotten the chance to get one yet you know. Tonight we fought hard."   -- Young on his improvement this season and playing back in Los Angeles. NOT:  Lakers guard  Derek Fisher  continues to struggle with his shot. Fisher finished with eight points on 3-for-11 shooting, but he did have seven assists. In his last seven games, Fisher is shooting 23.5 percent from the field (12-for-51). FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Gasol nearly had his fifth career triple-double. He had eight points, eight rebounds and eight assists by halftime. He finished with 21 points, 14 rebounds and eight assists, but he did miss 11 of 18 attempts. Gasol had a chance to notch his second triple-double of the season, but in the third quarter Bryant blew a layup and Odom missed a dunk. Gasol's last triple-double came against Portland on Nov. 7 (20-14-10). GOOD MOVE:  Wizards coach  Flip Saunders  went with the 6-foot-8 rookie forward  Trevor Booker  and 6-foor-9 rookie center  Kevin Seraphin  down the stretch instead of playing center  JaVale McGee . Booker was everywhere in the fourth quarter as he finished with a season-high 14 points, 10 of which came in the final period. Seraphin did his work defensively, providing a force in the paint for Washington. BAD MOVE:  For veterans, Bryant and Odom both took some questionable shots down the stretch in a close game. With 16 seconds left on the shot clock and a 110-103 lead with under 2:30 to play, Bryant decided to jack up a 26-footer, which went long. Wall corralled the attempt, sprinted down the court and found Young for a 3-pointer in the corner to cut the deficit to 110-106 with 1:20 to go. Odom then mimicked Bryant's mistake. With 21.9 seconds to go (16 seconds on the shot clock) and nursing a 112-108 lead, Odom inexplicably fired a corner 3-pointer. The Wizards retained possession with 20.5 seconds. Wall missed a 3-pointer out of the timeout, however. "I asked him what he was thinking," said Jackson of Odom's attempt in the final minute. "He said 'I got selfish.' He did. That was a selfish move and that could have cost us the game." ROOKIE WATCH:  The Lakers got their first look at Wall and he didn't disappoint, finishing with 22 points on 7-for-14 shooting, 14 assists, three blocked shots and three turnovers. The speed of the rookie was just mind-boggling, despite spraining his right foot twice in the game and recently missing time with a bruised right knee. There was one play in the second quarter where Lakers guard  Shannon Brown  was backpedaling and Wall gave him a series of left and right moves. All Brown -- who is speedy in his own right -- could do was reach out and hold him. Wall also showed his vertical, rejecting layups by Fisher and Bryant. QUOTABLE III:  "It was great. We put up a great fight. We almost came back from 19 down. We showed a lot of heart."   -- Wall on facing the two-defending champs. NOTABLE:  Fisher is now the NBA's new ironman. With the suspension of Portland's  Andre Miller , Fisher now has the longest active streak of games played with 434, a run that dates back to April 15, 2005. Miller was the previous leader at 632 straight, but his streak ended after serving a one-game NBA suspension for a foul on the Clippers'  Blake Griffin  on Dec 5 ... Wizards forward  Andray Blatche  did not suit up against the Lakers because of a hip contusion, an injury that occurred during shootaround Monday. "He just couldn't seem to get loose tonight...he got hit," Wizards coach Flip Saunders said. "He cramped up yesterday and really couldn't run and it swelled up.  Yi  [ Jianlian ] played in his stead and finished with seven points and five rebounds ... The Wizards outshot the Lakers 50 percent to 44.9, respectively ... The Lakers' 36-23 lead at the end of the first quarter was the second most points they have scored this season (37 was the most against the Warriors on Nov. 22). UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Wednesday @ Los Angeles, Friday @ Chicago, Sunday @ New Jersey. For the Wizards, Wednesday @ Sacramento, Friday vs. New York, Tuesday vs. Lakers.  