  Grizzlies-Kings notebook   By Jimmy Spencer, for NBA.com Posted Thursday December 30, 2010 1:49AM THE FACTS: Tyreke Evans'  buzzer-beating heave from beyond the half court line lifted the Sacramento Kings to a 100-98 home victory against the Memphis Grizzlies on Wednesday night.  O.J. Mayo 's 22-foot jumper with 1.5 seconds appeared to be the game-winner, but a quick inbound to Evans sprinting up court led to the 50-foot, actual winning shot. QUOTABLE: "It happened so fast. [Mayo] made the shot and he had no expression on his face and he walked over to the bench so I thought a timeout was called. I looked at coach and everyone was spread all around so I just went to get the ball, put it up and it went in."    -- Evans on the final play of the game THE STAT:  The league's leader in points in the paint, Memphis took advantage of Sacramento inside. The Grizzlies moved their offense through  Marc Gasol  and  Zach Randolph  and outscored Sacramento 56-34 in the paint. TURNING POINT : Evans actually hit two game-winners. With 18.9 seconds remaining, Evans earned a steal on a turnover at midcourt by Mayo and finished with a dramatic one-handed flush to give the Kings a 97-96 lead with 16.4 seconds remaining. Mayo's go-ahead jumper looked to be a deflating blow to a Kings team that had lost eight consecutive games. Without a timeout, the quick inbound led to Evans' miracle shot. QUOTABLE II:  "It looked good. I got it off in time. I thought Rudy Gay was going to try to block it so I was going to double-pump. But once he let me shoot it I just tried to follow through and let it get to the rim."    -- Evans on what he was thinking during the game-winning shot HOT:  Evans has now put together back-to-back stellar performances. After hitting a rough stretch, hampered due to pain from plantar fasciitis. Evans scored 21 points and added four assists in the win. Evans scored 32 points in the team's Monday night loss to the Los Angeles Clippers. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Randolph's 14 points in the first quarter set the tone for his night. The big man finished with 35 points and 17 rebounds. INSIDE THE ARENA: DeMarcus Cousins  climbed the scorers table to celebrate with Sacramento's home crowd. If you didn't know any better, you may have thought the Kings had won a championship, or maybe even a playoff game. But for a team desperately seeking a win after dropping eight in a row, this was a simple moment of elation from a rookie who wears a bold heart on his sleeve. ROOKIE WATCH:  In addition to his highlighted celebration, Cousins put together one of his best games as a rookie. Sacramento's young center scored 21 points and grabbed 16 rebounds. NOTABLE : The last time the Kings won on a buzzer-bearter came in Seattle on Jan. 27, 2008 on a shot by former Kings guard  Kevin Martin . UP NEXT:  For the Grizzlies, Saturday at Utah, Sunday at Lakers, Tuesday vs. Oklahoma City. For the Kings, Saturday at Denver, Sunday vs. Phoenix, Tuesday vs. Atlanta.  