  Timberwolves-Bucks notebook   By Rick Braun, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday December 28, 2011 12:12AM THE FACTS: Brandon Jennings  scored 24 points and second-round pick  Jon Leuer  had 14 points, eight rebounds, two blocked shots and two steals in an unexpected fill-in role to lead the Milwaukee Bucks to a 98-95 victory over the Minnesota Timberwolves Tuesday night in Milwaukee. QUOTABLE:  "We picked Jon for a reason. I've always been a fan of Jon's. So far -- it's very early -- he's proven that he can play at this level. And tonight he earned more minutes, so we'll keep putting him out there and looking at him."   -- Bucks coach  Scott Skiles  on Leuer THE STAT:  While the Timberwolves enjoyed a 45-20 edge in free throw attempts and a 54-45 margin on the boards, it still wasn't enough to overcome their 26 turnovers. TURNING POINT:  Minnesota had all the momentum coming down the stretch, having cut a 20-point deficit to just two points on  Michael Beasley 's jumper with 1:41 left. Milwaukee center  Andrew Bogut  had fouled out with 2:08 left, so the Bucks were down their best inside offensive option. But Jennings drove the lane after a play broke down, and with the shot clock in its final stages he whipped a pass to a cutting Leuer, who scored and was fouled. Leuer's free throw made it 97-92 with 1:17 left, and the Bucks were able to hang on from there. QUOTABLE II:  "I was just trying to stay ready for whenever Coach called my name. I felt like I did a good job of helping the team."   -- Leuer HOT:  Minnesota forward  Kevin Love  posted 31 points and 20 rebounds, including a 19-for-24 performance from the free throw line. NOT:  Bucks shooting guard  Stephen Jackson  and Bogut each went 7-for-20 from the field. Minnesota's  J.J. Barea  clocked in at 1-for-9. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Love's 31-20 night is sure to please his fantasy owners. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Timberwolves assistant coach  Jack Sikma  and Bucks assistant coach  Sidney Moncrief  were teammates with the Bucks from 1986-'89. GOOD MOVE:  With  Drew Gooden  suspended for the game after a Flagrant 2 foul Monday night and  Luc Richard Mbah a Moute  and  Carlos Delfino  out with injuries, and Bogut,  Ersan Ilyasova  and  Larry Sanders  in early foul trouble, Skiles was forced in the second quarter to use a lineup that included the thin Leuer at center and  Mike Dunleavy Jr.  at power forward. The Bucks managed to take a 60-48 lead into the half. ROOKIE WATCH:  Leuer's big night made high-profile Timberwolves rookies  Ricky Rubio  and  Derrick Williams  an afterthought. Rubio finished with six points and four assists in 27 minutes, and Williams had three points and five rebounds in 19 minutes. NOTABLE:  Love shot 15 free throw attempts in the first 10:38 of the game, making 13 of them. One came on a technical foul on Skiles, who'd seen enough of Love's parade to the line and let officials know he didn't agree. Minnesota attempted 20 free throws in the first quarter, Milwaukee attempted 20 in the game. ... Skiles and Bogut each picked up a technical foul, but Love and Rubio missed on the two free throws. ... UP NEXT:  For the Timberwolves, Friday vs. Miami, Sunday vs. Dallas, Monday vs. San Antonio. For the Bucks, Friday vs. Washington, Monday @ Denver, Tuesday @ Utah.  