Notebook: Lakers 114, Pistons 99 
 
 
 Dan Arritt for NBA.com 
 
Posted Mon Nov 18, 2013 1:26 AM - Updated Mon Nov 18, 2013 1:44 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  Lakers forward  Jordan Hill  posted a career-high point total for the second time in five days, finishing with 24 points. His 17 rebounds were also a career best. 
 
 THE LEAD:  Hill   not only posted a career-high point total, but also contributed a career-best 17 rebounds as the Los Angeles Lakers pulled away in the second half to beat the Detroit Pistons 114-99 at Staples Center. Hill was just a minor part of the trade that sent the popular  Derek Fishe r to Houston in March 2012. The Lakers had just acquired  Ramon Sessions  to take over as the starting point guard, and Fisher had used up his value with the team. But less than two years later, Sessions is long gone and Hill has become as valuable as any member of the Lakers (5-7). He proved that again Sunday night.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "He's playing as hard as he can play. He's got talent and he's getting better."  
 --Lakers coach  Mike D'Antoni  on Hill 
 
 THE STAT:  Lakers back-up wing  Nick Young  entered the game as the fourth-highest bench scorer in the NBA at 16 points per, and he finished with 19 more against the Pistons (3-6).  
 
 TURNING POINT:   The Pistons were playing without guards  Chauncey Billups  (knee tendonitis) and  Will Bynum  (sore hamstring), but that prevent them from being competitive most of the evening. Their nine-point first half lead disappeared early in the third quarter but they still held a 71-69 advantage when  Rodney Stuckey  sank a baseline pull-up jumper late in the third quarter. But that slim lead would quickly disappear behind a 16-0 run by L.A. It began with back-to-back 3-pointers by Young and ended with Hill's teardrop runner in the lane for an 85-71 lead early in the fourth.  
 
 HOT:  Hill, who scored a previous career-high of 21 points Tuesday against the visiting Pelicans, shot 11-for-16 from the field to establish another career high for field goals made. Young seems to have finally found his home as a reserve. He reached double digits for the fourth straight game and eight of nine since moving to the bench.  Steve Blake  seems to be settling into the point guard role after taking over for injured  Steve Nash , finishing with nine points, 16 assists and four steals. Blake has assisted on 47.4 percent of L.A.'s baskets when he has been on the floor the last three games. Pistons center  Andre Drummond  made his first four shots before finishing with 14 points on 7-for-9 shooting. Fellow front-courters  Greg Monroe  and  Josh Smith  also had a nice touch Sunday, combining to shoot 15-for-27 from the floor and score 35 points for Detroit. Stuckey scored 12 of his 14 points in the second quarter for the Pistons, shooting 6-for-8 in that span. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "[The Lakers] did a better job in the second half of getting out in transition and finding that open man." 
 --Detroit coach  Maurice Cheeks 
 
 
 NOT:  The Pistons could have made things a lot more interesting had they made their free throws. They finished 7-for-17 from the line, compared to 10-for-10 for the Lakers.  Brandon Jennings  scored 23 points to lead Detroit but needed 22 shots to get there.  Chris Kaman  seems to be falling out of a favor with D'Antoni, playing just six minutes against the Pistons, his first time in single digits this season. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Jennings can still score the style points. He led a fast break in the second quarter that ended with his bank pass off the glass to a trailing Drummond, who finished with a dunk to stretch the lead to 48-45. Jennings, a Southern California native, had very little room to feed the ball to Drummond and the glass looked like his only option. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  The Lakers continue to be vulnerable to fast-break points, particularly after made baskets. In one glaring instance,  Pau Gaso l made a set shot from above the free throw line, but Smith was still able to beat him down the floor for a fast-break dunk and a 13-10 lead. The Lakers were outscored on the break, 21-17. 
 
 NOTABLE:  The Pistons wore jerseys with Motor City printed across the front as a way to pay homage to the city's automobile industry. .. Detroit scored 52 points in the paint after entering as the highest-scoring NBA team in the key at 51.2 points a game. ... After playing an NBA-leading 12 games in 20 days, the Lakers don't play again until Friday at home against the Warriors. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Friday vs. Golden State, Sunday vs. Sacramento, Nov. 26 @ Washington. For the Pistons, Tuesday vs. New York, Wednesday @ Atlanta, Friday vs. Atlanta. 
