Notebook: Heat 102, Wizards 72 
 
 
 Zachary Paul, For NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Dec 15, 2012 10:16 PM - Updated Sat Dec 15, 2012 10:16 PM 
 
 THE FACTS : The Miami Heat defeated the Washington Wizards 102-72 Saturday night at AmericanAirlines Arena.  
 For the Heat (15-6), it was the perfect remedy after losing three of the past five games. It was also their chance for redemption after falling to the Wizards (3-18) 105-101 Dec. 4 in Washington.  LeBron James  led the Heat with 23 points, 10 rebounds and five assists while  Dwyane Wade  added 13 points and  Chris Bosh  had 12.  
 The Heat led for most of the way behind strong play from their three superstars and a solid defensive effort. It was one of the few times they were able to produce a balanced scoring effort. Despite James leading the way again, they had four starters score in double-figures.  
 Miami took control in the early stages of the game and never trailed. A jumper by Wade made it 20-7 with 4:30 left in the first quarter.  
 The Wizards were led by  Bradley Beal 's 19 points.  
 
 QUOTABLE : "First quarter, we held them to 14 [points]. Our goal was to hold them to under 20."  
   -- Dwyane Wade said on the Heat's emphasis on defense 
 
 THE STAT : The Heat held the Wizards to 37 percent shooting from the field.  
 
 TURNING POINT : The Heat established dominance in the first quarter, outscoring the Wizards 26-14.  
 
 HOT : Wade and Bosh made 10 of their first 15 shots. This was important because it took some of the pressure of James, who had been carrying the load in recent weeks.  
 
 NOT : After having success against the Heat in the first game, Wizards guard  Jordan Crawford  was not the answer this time. He scored 22 points in the previous meeting, but struggled from the field. He had problems being defended by  Norris Cole  and  Mario Chalmers . Crawford finished with five points on 2-for-12 shooting.  
 
 GOOD MOVE : With the loss on Dec. 4 as motivation, the Heat made a point to put this game away early. They slammed the door once they got ahead and never looked back. Allowing the competition to hang around has been an issue this season, but not on this night.   
 
 BAD MOVE : The mistake for the Wizards was catching the Heat after coming off a loss to the Golden State Warriors. Miami felt it needed to make a statement and this was their chance. The Heat put together their most sound beating of an opponent this season.  
 
  NOTABLE : The Heat held a moment of silence before the game to honor the victims of the Connecticut elementary school shooting. ... Heat forward  Udonis Haslem  made his fourth start of the season, replacing  Shane Battier . ... The Heat improved to 11-2 at home.  
 
  UP NEXT : For the Heat, Tuesday vs. Timberwolves, Thursday @ Mavericks, Saturday vs. Jazz. For the Wizards, Tuesday vs. Hawks, Wednesday @ Magic, Friday @ Pistons.  
