  Knicks-Pistons Notebook   By Adam Zagoria, for NBA.com Posted Sunday January 30, 2011 10:52PM THE FACTS:  Playing his first game since Jan. 9, rookie center  Timofey Mozgov  put up career-highs of 23 points and 14 rebounds and heard chants of "Moz-gov, Moz-gov" in the final seconds of the Knicks' 124-106 victory over the Detroit Pistons at Madison Square Garden.  Amar'e Stoudemire  scored 26 of his 33 points in the second half and  Danilo Gallinari  added 29 points for New York. QUOTABLE : "I just breathed a little bit, took it easy and tried to play aggressive. That's it."   -  Mozgov  on what he did after missing his first four shots to finish 9 of 15 THE STAT : The 7-foot Mozgov had career-highs of nine points and six rebounds entering the game, and more than doubled both outputs. TURNING POINT:  With the game tied at 91, the Knicks opened the fourth quarter on a 12-2 run to seize a 103-93 lead. New York outscored the Pistons, 33-15, in the final quarter. QUOTABLE II:  "Twenty-three and 14, one shot deal? I think I'll try it again."   - Knicks coach  Mike D'Antoni  on whether Mozgov will play again HOT:  The Knicks bench. Mozgov,  Toney Douglas  (eight points) and  Bill Walker  (five) combined for 36 points, while Detroit's bench combined for 23. NOT:  Just like Mozgov,  Anthony Randolph  was given a chance to play due to the absence of  Wilson Chandler  (sore left calf) and  Shawne Williams  (suspension). But he failed to make an impact, going 0 for 1 in 7+ minutes in his first outing since Jan. 7. NOTABLE:  Stoudemire entered the game with a sprained right knee and proceeded to bang his left knee on  Will Bynum . QUOTABLE III:  "That was good. He banged the other knee so then he won't be limping anymore."   -  D'Antoni INSIDE THE ARENA:  Former Knicks standout  Gerald Wilkins  received the "Once a Knick, always a Knick" introduction. UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Wednesday vs. Dallas, Friday @ Philadelphia, Sunday vs. Philadelphia. For the Pistons, Wednesday vs. Charlotte, Friday vs. New Jersey, Saturday @ Milwaukee.  