  Notebook: Pacers 102, Hornets 84 Posted Saturday March 3, 2012 11:21PM By Bradley Handwerger, for NBA.com THE FACTS: David West  scored 14 points and grabbed 13 rebounds in leading the Indiana Pacers to a 102-84 win over the New Orleans Hornets on Saturday night. It was West's first game in the New Orleans Arena since leaving the Hornets after seven seasons. QUOTABLE:  "I think we have exhibited killer instinct over these last few games. When we have a team down, we're not letting up, we're not playing complacent at all. We're looking to step on their throats and it's resulting in big wins."   --  Pacers head coach  Frank Vogel  on six straight wins, including three straight by at least 14 points. THE STAT:  Though the Hornets have had troubles this season closing out games in the fourth quarter, Saturday's issue came in finishing the first half. New Orleans scored 14 points against Indiana in the second quarter, the fewest it has scored in the second this season. The 15-point differential buried New Orleans before halftime. TURNING POINT:  The Pacers' game-changing 21-4 run in the second quarter started and ended with two former Hornets. First, West put in a two-foot jumper to give Indiana a 35-33 lead with 7:31 to play in the first quarter. By the time the initial quarter ended on  Darren Collison's  19-foot buzzer-beating hook shot, Indiana was up 54-37. QUOTABLE II:  "It's tough to watch for everyone else, but I'm trying to figure out how to win games while it's going on. I'm trying to get the lineups out there, trying to push buttons."  --  Hornets head coach  Monty Williams  on losing big a night after picking up a win. HOT:  Indiana forward  Danny Granger  was 7 of 14, including going 4-for-7 from 3-point range, and finished with 20 points in his return to his hometown. NOT:  Hornets forward  Al-Farouq Aminu  was 0 of 5, continuing a recent trend of contributing little for New Orleans. Since the All-Star break, Aminu has gone 3 of 23 from the floor. INSIDE THE ARENA: Jesse Eisenberg  of Hollywood movie fame (The Social Network, Zombieland) sat courtside, donning a white Hornets cap. NOTABLE:  Saturday night's game was the second of a back-to-back for the Hornets, but it was the first time this season they've had back-to-back games at home. The previous eight, including a back-to-back-to-back stretch, were either all on the road or split between home and road ... Indiana's  Jeff Foster  sat out for the second time in three games with a sore lower back ... Saturday night's attendance was announced at 16,379. UP NEXT:  For the Hornets, Monday @ Trailblazers, Wednesday @ Kings, Friday @ Nuggets. For the Pacers, @ Bulls, Tuesday vs. Hawks, Saturday @ Heat.  