Notebook: Lakers 107, Celtics 104 
 
 
 Brian Robb, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Jan 17, 2014 11:59 PM - Updated Fri Jan 17, 2014 11:59 PM 
 
 THE FACT: Rajon Rondo  returned to the floor for the first time Friday night since tearing his right ACL in a game against the Atlanta Hawks on January 25, 2013. Rondo had missed the Celtics' past 84 games overall, including the postseason.   
 
 THE LEAD: Pau Gasol  had 24 points and 13 rebounds and  Ryan Kelly  had a career-high 20 points off the bench, as the Los Angeles Lakers (15-25) beat the Boston Celtics 107-104 in  Rajon Rondo's  season debut. Boston's veteran point guard finished with eight points and four assists over 19 minutes in his return to action, but it wasn't enough for the hosts who blew a 13-point second half to the visiting Lakers. Rondo had a chance to tie the game in the closing seconds but missed a 3-pointer from the wing as time expired.  Kelly Olynyk  had a career-high 25 points in the setback for the Celtics (14-27) who have now dropped 13 of their last 15 games overall.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I felt good. I felt pretty good. When I got back in the second quarter I got pretty winded, but that was expected. Other than that, I didn't feel like I was limited to anything tonight."  --  Rondo on his return to the court 
 
 
 THE STAT : The Lakers shot 73.3 percent (11-for-15) from 3-point range in the second half.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  Despite falling behind by eight points with just under three minutes remaining in the fourth quarter, the Lakers fought back, closing out the contest on an 11-0 run. The outburst was aided by three consecutive 3-pointers over the game's final 2:48. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "He's been studying the game like he's been out there for the last 40 games instead of just sitting there and doing what a lot of hurt guys do -- and that's not pay as much attention. And he has [paid attention]. So emotionally, mentally, he looked ready to me. And physically I thought he looked fine, too." --  Celtics coach  Brad Stevens  on Rondo's return 
 
 
 HOT:  Olynyk -- The first round pick out of Gonzaga showed off the scoring touch all night that made him a top NBA prospect this past summer. Olynyk scored 12 of his career high 25 points in the fourth quarter on 6-for-8 shooting but it wasn't enough to give Boston the win.   
 
 NOT: Avery Bradley  -- After a recent string of hot-shooting performances, Bradley cooled off against the Lakers, misfiring on 15 of his 20 shot attempts on the night, including one crucial attempt in the final minute of the game.  
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT: Kendall Marshall  -- The second-year guard had his fourth consecutive double-double for the Lakers, finishing with 19 points and 14 assists in what continues to be a breakout season for the former Sun.  
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Kelly -- The former Duke star put together the best performance of his young NBA career against the Celtics. Kelly posted a career-high 20 points on 6-for-12 shooting, and added four rebounds and a block in 34 minutes.    
 
 GOOD MOVE:  The Celtics announced Rondo as team captain before the game started. Stevens did not tell Rondo about giving him the new designation before the game, as it was announced to Rondo's surprise during the starting lineups. Rondo is the Celtics' first team captain since  Paul Pierce .  
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "I'm just definitely honored, following Paul Pierce who was our last captain and he held the seat for a long time. And so, it's definitely something I'm very proud of. I think I've earned it." --  Rondo on being named team captain 
 
 
 NOTABLE: Manny Harris  made his season debut for the Lakers, after being signed to a 10-day contract earlier in the week. Harris scored seven points in 22 minutes. ...New Celtics  Joel Anthony  (acquired via trade) and  Chris Johnson  (signed to 10-day contract Friday) were active for the Celtics but did not play. ... Kobe Bryant  updated reporters on his injury status, saying he expected his injured left knee to be re-evaluated in February. ... Nick Young  missed the game due to a one-game suspension for throwing a punch at  Goran Dragic  during the Lakers' loss against Phoenix on Wednesday night.   
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Celtics, Sunday @ Orlando, Tuesday @ Miami, Wednesday @ Washington. For the Lakers, Sunday @ Toronto, Monday @ Chicago, Thursday @ Miami.  
