  Notebook: Rockets 98, Grizzlies 89 Posted Saturday March 31, 2012 12:06AM By Matt Miller, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The Houston Rockets made more than enough mistakes to lose to the Memphis Grizzlies, but they also made more than enough shots to win. Goran Dragic  scored a season-high 25 points and dished out seven assists,  Courtney Lee  poured in 17 points and  Marcus Camby  grabbed 16 rebounds and blocked a season-best six shots as the Rockets used a sizzling 52.1-percent shooting effort to defeat the Grizzlies 98-89 on Friday at Toyota Center. Rudy Gay  netted 20 points and pulled down five boards, while  Marc Gasol  scored 19 points and grabbed nine rebounds to pace Memphis (27-22), which has lost four of its last six games overall and four of five on the road. The Grizzlies dominated Houston (28-24) on most areas of the stat sheet, but they sabotaged their chances of earning a victory by squandering 15 of 22 second-chance points and shooting 37.2 percent from the field. QUOTABLE:  "We just couldn't get a stop when we needed. We couldn't get a key stop, a key rebound or a key loose ball down the stretch. ... We have to be more alert on the defensive end of the court."   -- Grizzlies guard  Tony Allen THE STAT:  Houston, which beat Memphis on the defensive glass 35-22, has outrebounded its last nine opponents defensively by an average of 33.1-27.6. The Rockets have snatched at least 33 defensive boards in eight of their last nine games. TURNING POINT:  Guard  O.J. Mayo  drained a difficult jumper to slice Memphis' deficit to 84-81 with 4:39 remaining in the fourth period, but Houston quickly squashed the Grizzlies' surge thanks to a Patrick Patterson bucket and a one-handed runner by Dragic. GOOD MOVE:  Camby, making his first start at center since he was traded to Houston earlier this month, set the tone for the Rockets in the opening period. The 6-foot-11 veteran pulled down six rebounds, blocked three shots and collected two steals in the first quarter -- all while guarding the rim as the Rockets limited Memphis to only 19 points on 9-for-27 shooting. QUOTABLE II:  "I'm just scrapping. If you go 20 times, you might not get any [rebounds] in this league ... but if you be persistent with it, an opening may open up, and [the Grizzlies] opened up on those last two possessions."   -- Camby on his strong performance on the boards, which included two key offensive rebounds in the final two minutes of regulation. HOT:  After knocking down only two of seven 3-point attempts before halftime, Houston shot 5-for-7 (71.4 percent) from behind the arc in the second half to help itself fend off several Memphis runs. HOT II:  The Rockets recorded their 12th consecutive home victory over the Grizzlies on Friday. Memphis last won at Toyota Center on April 15, 2006, Houston's longest active home winning streak against any opponent. NOT:  Grizzlies guard  Mike Conley  handed out zero assists in 26-plus minutes on the court, marking the first time this season that Conley has failed to distribute a dime in a game in which he logged more than one minute. As a team, Memphis finished with only 10 assists, matching its season low and setting the Rockets' opponent season low. BAD MOVE:  Allen (5-for-15) attempted to operate off the dribble too often, choosing isolation basketball over the balanced offensive approach that has allowed Memphis to succeed over the last couple of seasons. NOTABLE:  Grizzlies forward  Dante Cunningham  suffered a right ankle sprain during the second period and did not return. He will be re-evaluated Saturday. ... The Rockets'  Kyle Lowry  (bacterial infection) and  Kevin Martin  (strained right shoulder) still have no timetable for their respective returns. ... ...  Luis Scola  (2,893) passed  Kevin Kunnert  (2,891) for ninth on the Rockets' all-time list for most career rebounds. ... Memphis guard  Rudy Gay  (420) passed  Shane Battier  (419) for third on the Grizzlies' all-time games played list. ... The Rockets never trailed, although Memphis tied the game four times. ... Houston improved to 16-0 this season when limiting opponents to less than 90 points and 7-0 when an opponent shoots worse than 40 percent overall. ...The Grizzlies fell to 6-13 on the road against Western-Conference foes. UP NEXT:  For the Grizzlies, Saturday @ Milwaukee, Monday @ Oklahoma City, Tuesday vs. Golden State. For the Rockets, Sunday vs. Indiana, Monday @ Chicago (NBA TV), Friday @ L.A. Lakers.  