Notebook: Pacers 115, Hornets 107 
 
 
 Conrad Brunner, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Nov 21, 2012 10:54 PM - Updated Wed Nov 21, 2012 10:54 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:   The Indiana Pacers may have found the formula they'll need to succeed in  Danny Granger's  absence. With  Paul George  scoring 37 points and hitting a franchise-record nine 3-pointers and  Roy Hibbert  posting a triple-double while setting a team record of his own with 11 blocked shots, the Pacers pulled away in overtime for a 115-107 victory over slumping New Orleans Wednesday in Bankers Life Fieldhouse. While the Pacers (6-7) won consecutive games for the first time this season, the Hornets (3-7) lost their fifth in a row and have allowed at least 100 points in every game in the slide.  David West  and  George Hill  each had 16 for the Pacers, while Hibbert had 10 points and 11 rebounds.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "It felt good to be in that zone and hopefully it can come out and give me a chance to do it again. ... I just have to continue to grow and stay loose and take the open shots when they come.  I really felt good out there tonight and I want to thank my teammates for all the help and encouragement they have been giving me."
  -- George 
 
 
 THE STAT:   Of George's points, 33, including all nine of his 3-pointers (in 11 attempts), came after intermission. He had been 0-of-16 from the arc in the fourth quarter, but went 3-for-3 against the Hornets. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  After George carried the Pacers to the brink of victory in regulation, scoring 11 in the fourth quarter including three 3-pointers, he was the only Indiana player not to shoot the ball on the final two possessions as the Hornets came back to force overtime. The Pacers made no such mistakes in overtime as George scored eight of the team's 13 points as Indiana built a 10-point lead and hung on from there. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "He's day to day but until they come to me and say he's symptom-free, he's going to be out. It's a situation where we're going to err on the side of caution."
  -- Hornets Coach  Monty Williams  on  Anthony Davis. 
 
 
 HOT:  George hit 13 of 21 overall, reaching 30 points for the second time in his career. New Orleans'  Ryan Anderson  made all five of his 3-point attempts and scored 17 points, but was 1 of 6 inside the arc. Indiana's  Lance Stephenson  continued his hot shooting from long range, making two of three from 3-point range to raise his season percentage to a team-high .448 (13 of 29). Stephenson was 4-of-35 from the arc in his first two seasons. 
 
 NOT:  Hibbert shot just 3-of-12, while the Indiana bench continued to struggle, combining to hit just 6 of 22 overall and 1 of 7 from the 3-point line.  
 
 GOOD MOVE:   Unable to get much direct offense generated from their post tandem of West and Hibbert, the Pacers began playing through, rather than to, the big men in the second half, using kick-outs and ball reversal to lead to a steady stream of open 3-point looks, the bulk of which went for George 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Though Anderson and Jason Smith (18 points) were hurting the Pacers on face-up jumpers, Hornets coach  Monty Williams  kept running a steady stream of post-ups for center  Robin Lopez  and the results were disastrous. Lopez was 3 of 17 from the field -- with seven of his shots blocked by Hibbert. Though he managed to get to the line, making 15 of 17 to score 21 points with 13 rebounds, Lopez's inability to beat Hibbert inside ultimately doomed New Orleans. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:    Austin Rivers  played 32 points, scoring six points with four rebounds and four assists. He was committed to the drive, eschewing the jump shot.  Darius Miller  did not score in seven minutes, and point guard Brian Roberts had six points off the bench. The Pacers will send draft picks  Miles Plumlee  and  Orlando Johnson  to Fort Wayne of the D-League for a pair of weekend games. It's the first time they've ever made a D-League assignment. "We've always had young teams with young guys playing in the rotation," Vogel said. "Now we're more of a veteran team and the young guys can benefit from getting some playing time to help stay sharp." Plumlee and Johnson will rejoin the Pacers for their four-game Western Conference road trip next week. 
 
 NOTABLE:  George broke  Reggie Miller's  franchise record for 3-pointers in a game. Miller made eight twice (1993 and '97). ... Hibbert broke a single-game block record of 10 shared by  Darnell Hillman  and Jermaine O'Neal. ... He and O'Neal are the only Pacers to have points-rebounds-blocks triple-doubles. ... Indiana entered the game 27th in the NBA with a 3-point percentage of .301 but hit 15 of 27 (.556). ... Indiana tied a season-low with nine turnovers and had a season high 26 assists. ... New Orleans played its second game in a row without No. 1 pick Davis (sprained ankle). He will travel with the team on its current road trip but the team is taking a cautious approach to his return. ... Though the Pacers have worked the phones exploring options to help soften the blow of  Danny Granger's  prolonged absence, team President  Donnie Walsh  said no major moves are on the horizon. Granger is out until at least the All-Star break due to chronic tendinosis in his left knee. ... Williams said he has named  Ryan Anderson ,  Jason Smith  and  Greivis Vasquez  as the Hornets' team tri-captains. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Pacers, Friday vs. San Antonio, Tuesday @ L.A. Lakers, Friday @ Sacramento. For the Hornets, Friday @ Phoenix, Sunday @ Denver, Monday @ L.A. Clippers. 
