  Notebook: Clippers 101, Nets 91   By Dan Arritt, for NBA.com Posted Monday January 16, 2012 7:34PM THE FACTS:  Despite the absence of their top two point guards,  Chris Paul  and  Mo Williams , the Clippers were still long, tall and talented enough to defeat the struggling Nets, 101-91, on Monday afternoon at Staples Center. QUOTABLE:  "With us having a couple of our key guys out, there's no question this is an important one."  --  Clippers coach  Vinny Del Negro. THE STAT:  For the second consecutive game, the Clippers never trailed. They beat the Lakers on Saturday night without ever falling behind, and haven't been chasing an opponent since the final minutes of the fourth quarter of an overtime victory Wednesday against the visiting Heat. TURNING POINT:  The Clippers used a 16-0 first-quarter run to take a double-digit lead, then extended their advantage to as many as 18 before the Nets rallied to tie the score, 81-81, with 6:46 remaining in the fourth quarter.  Kris Humphries  had a chance to give the Nets their first lead but he missed a 17-foot jumper and Clippers guard  Randy Foye  scored on back-to-back fast-break layups. New Jersey never got back within three points the rest of the way. HOT:  Clippers forward  Caron  Butler made three of four 3-point attempts in the opening quarter and scored 15 points, the highest-scoring quarter by a player on the Clippers this season. Unfortunately, he only scored five points the rest of the way, leaving him stuck on a season-high 20 points for the fourth time in the last five games. NOT:  If the Clippers blew this game they would've blamed the loss squarely on their free-throw shooting. The second-worst free-throw shooting team in the league coming into the game (68.4 percent), the Clippers shot 19-for-35 from the stripe (54.3 percent).  Chauncey Billups  was 7-for-7 or the numbers would have been a lot worse. The Nets weren't much better (17-26). QUOTABLE II:  "We have to do a better job there. It's not from lack of practice. We just have to concentrate and knock those down and make teams pay for fouling us."  --  Del Negro on his team's poor free-throw shooting. GOOD MOVE:  Clippers forward  Blake Griffin  probably earned a few floor burns during the game. At the start of the 16-0 run, he catapulted over some courtside seats to save a loose ball and passed it ahead to Butler, who scored on a dunk for a 15-10 lead. Griffin finished with a team-high 23 points and 14 rebounds but was just 5-for-13 from the line. BAD MOVE:  New Jersey small forward  DeShawn Stevenson  received a rare opportunity to start against the Clippers, helping form the ninth different starting lineup for the Nets this season. He'll probably only be remembered for the flagrant foul he committed on Griffin as he went up for a lob with 3:22 remaining in the first half and the Clippers holding a nine-point lead. Griffin made the first free throw and missed the second, then scored on a slam dunk on the ensuing possession for a 12-point lead. NOTABLE:  Paul sat out with a strained left hamstring suffered in the closing minutes of the victory against the Lakers. He's listed as day-to-day, but will travel to Utah for Tuesday night's game against the Jazz, the middle game of L.A.'s first back-to-back-to-back. Williams missed his second straight game with a sore right foot. Billups moved over to point guard and Foye started in Billups' spot at shooting guard ... The Clippers collected 15 offensive rebounds, including four by reserve forward  Reggie Evans  during his first five minutes on the floor ... For the second time this season, all five starters for the Clippers scored in double figures ...  DeAndre Jordan , who came into the game ranked second in the league in blocked shots at 3.00 a game, had three of his four blocks in the opening quarter. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Tuesday @ Utah, Wednesday vs. Dallas, Friday vs. Minnesota. For the Nets, Wednesday vs. Golden State, Saturday vs. Oklahoma City, Sunday vs. Charlotte.  