
 Pacers-Warriors notebook   By Geoff Lepper, for NBA.com Posted Thursday January 20, 2011 1:58AM THE FACTS:   Monta Ellis  added another plank to his All-Star campaign platform, scoring 36 points -- including an ankle-breaking, game-winning jumper with 0.6 seconds remaining -- to lead the Golden State Warriors past the Indiana Pacers on Wednesday, 110-108. Ellis added six assists and five rebounds for the Warriors, who got 21 points each from  Dorell Wright  and  David Lee .  Danny Granger  finished with 32 points, 13 boards and six assists for the Pacers, but also committed seven turnovers -- including a huge one in the final minute -- for the Pacers. TURNING POINT:  Warriors coach  Keith Smart  said he had "no reservations" about putting the ball in Ellis' hands with the score tied at 108 and 18.1 seconds remaining. Ellis held the ball out top with Brandon Rush guarding him, made a break to his right with 7 seconds left, then crossed over to his left -- leaving Rush floundering in his wake -- and pulled up for a 16-foot fadeaway that splashed in. QUOTABLE:  "If you're looking at the All-Star break, and saying, We're going to showcase the guys that are playing the best basketball at this particular time of the year.' . . . He's one of the guys that's playing very, very good basketball right now. He's done that all year."    -- Warriors coach Keith Smart THE STAT:  34. The Warriors, who have regressed in terms of transition scoring without former coach  Don Nelson  whipping the tempo to a frenzy, scored a season-high 34 fast-break points against the Pacers. Many of those were generated off of Indiana's 20 turnovers. HOT:  Ellis went off for 16 points in the second quarter alone, shooting 7-for-9 from the field (2-for-2 beyond the 3-point arc) and scoring the team's final 10 points of the first half to keep them within hailing distance heading into intermission. GOOD MOVE:  With Granger and former Warrior  Mike Dunleavy  (14 points, five rebounds, four assists) killing Golden State as small-ball power forwards, Smart unearthed  Brandan Wright , who had played a grand total of 32 minutes over the previous two months. Coming on with 28 seconds left in the third quarter, Wright made a huge impact in the final period, scoring six points on 3-for-3 shooting and grabbing four rebounds. QUOTABLE II:  "Brandan Wright came in there and gave us just what we needed at that juncture of the game. . . . Granger and Dunleavy can pop off somewhere against a traditional (power forward) and make 3s. I knew I had to find one guy that could play big and go rebound, but yet be able to get out and cover or switch in some coverages. The one guy I found, searching down the Rolodex, was Brandan Wright."  -- Smart BAD MOVE:  Although  Jeff Foster  tied his season-high with 15 points as the center in Indiana's small-ball attack, he was a liability down the stretch for the Pacers. First he committed a pass-and-crash offensive foul -- cannily drawn by Ellis -- with 2:28 left. Then he was whistled for climbing Lee's back with 1:18 remaining, giving the Warriors two foul shots. Finally, he failed to keep Lee off the offensive glass on Golden State's next-to-last offensive possession, allowing Lee to nab the ball and feed  Stephen Curry , who reset the offense and scored at the 21.8-second mark. NOTABLE:  Indiana did without starting center  Roy Hibbert , who missed the game due to flu-like symptoms.  Josh McRoberts  -- who earned just four minutes over six games since ceding the starting power forward role to  Tyler Hansbrough  -- returned to the lineup and had seven points and two rebounds in 18 minutes. . . . The Warriors didn't get a single point from their bench until  Acie Law  made a free throw with 28.3 seconds remaining in the third quarter. Golden State finished with 13 points total from its reserves -- seven from Law, six by Brandan Wright. . . . The Pacers followed one O'Brien directive to the letter: Indiana's game plan was to attack the Warriors with penetration, and they got to the line 29 times, making 25 free throws. . . . Wright tied his career-best with four steals, and tied a season-high with two blocks. UP NEXT:  For the Pacers, Saturday at Portland, Sunday at Denver, Wednesday vs. Orlando. For the Warriors, Friday vs. Sacramento, Saturday at Clippers, Monday vs. San Antonio. 
