Notebook: Cavaliers 93, Timberwolves 92 
 
 
 Brian Dulik, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Mon Nov 04, 2013 10:57 PM - Updated Mon Nov 04, 2013 10:57 PM 
 
 THE FACT: Kevin Love  missed a potential game-winning 3-pointer with two seconds left as Minnesota suffered its first loss of the season. 
 
 THE LEAD:  Shooting guard  C.J. Miles  scored 19 points in 19 minutes off the bench as the Cleveland Cavaliers held on for a 93-92 victory over the Minnesota Timberwolves at Quicken Loans Arena. All-Star point guard  Kyrie Irving  collected 15 points, eight rebounds, six assists, and a career-high nine turnovers for Cleveland, which held a 23-point lead midway through the third quarter. Shooting guard  Kevin Martin  scored a game-high 23 points for Minnesota, while All-Star power forward Love finished with 17 points and a game-best 13 rebounds. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "Heck yeah, we'll take that shot every time. The best power forward in the league with a great look to win the game. We just dug too big of a hole early to pull it out at the end." 
 
 -- Wolves' Martin 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Martin made all five of Minnesota's 3-pointers, while the rest of the Wolves combined to go 0-for-20 beyond the arc. That total included seven misses by Love, who won the 2012 Foot Locker Three-Point Contest at NBA All-Star Weekend. "More often than not, I believe I'm going to make that shot," Love said. " J.J. (Barea)  made a good pass and I was in good rhythm, but I just hit the back rim." 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Cavs took their largest lead at 72-49 on a 3-pointer by small forward  Alonzo Gee  with 5:11 left in the third. It was all downhill from there for Cleveland, which was outscored 43-21 the rest of the way. Minnesota ended the game on an 8-0 run with point guard Barea, power forward  Derrick Williams , small forward  Corey Brewer , and Love each making baskets -- but fell inches shy of stealing the victory when Love's 3-pointer hit the back of the rim. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "Luckily, K-Love missed the shot and we got the stop. When I look back at our games from last year, (this) would have been a loss for us. Maybe by double-digits, possibly." 
 
 -- Irving 
 
 
 HOT:  Cavs center  Andrew Bynum  set season highs in points (10), rebounds (four), blocked shots (three), and minutes (19). ... Cleveland power forward  Tristan Thompson  notched his 42nd career double-double with 12 points and 11 rebounds. ... Cavs center  Anderson Varejao  was 6-for-7 from the floor and is shooting a team-high 58.6 percent on the campaign. ... Wolves center  Nikola Pekovic  grabbed nine second-half rebounds and wound up with eight points and 12 boards. ... Brewer tallied a career-high six steals. 
 
 NOT:  Cavs rookie power forward  Anthony Bennett  -- the No. 1 overall pick in the NBA Draft -- missed all three of his shots, making him 0-for-15 with seven fouls in 50 minutes as a pro. ... Thompson committed six turnovers in the first half, while Irving had a half-dozen miscues after intermission. ... Wolves point guard  Ricky Rubio  failed to make a field goal in seven tries and was benched for the entire fourth quarter in favor of Barea. ... Minnesota center  Gorgui Dieng  picked up three fouls in his 158 seconds on the court. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "I have a good touch and I can shoot the ball. I just haven't ever been in a system where that was required. Here, with Kyrie (Irving) and running the pick-and-roll, that's going to be available." 
 
 -- Bynum 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Bynum saw action in both halves for the first time this season as Cavs coach  Mike Brown  attempted to match Minnesota's physicality. The 7-footer is still recovering from arthroscopic surgery on both knees in March, but found a way to draw three fouls and go 6-for-6 from the foul line. "Andrew is a skilled big guy who can pass it and can shoot it," Brown said. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Brown continues to keep Bennett in his 10-man rotation at the expense of second-year center  Tyler Zeller  and prospect  Henry Sims . The results have been disastrous as the former UNLV standout has jacked up eight 3-pointers and just seven shots in the paint -- most of them well off the mark. Bennett also has been lost defensively and has only blocked one shot in four games. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Martin is a native of Zanesville, a city in east-central Ohio. "It's always great to be back home, two hours away from where I grew up," he said. "I like playing in this arena, just like I like playing in most arenas." ... Timberwolves small forward  Chase Budinger  (left knee surgery) and center  Ronny Turiaf  (right elbow fracture) were inactive. ... Not in uniform for the Cavaliers were rookie point guard  Matthew Dellavedova  and rookie shooting guard  Carrick Felix  (sports hernia). ... The teams will complete their home-and-home season series Nov. 13 in Minnesota. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Timberwolves, Wednesday vs. Golden State, Friday vs. Dallas, Sunday @ L.A. Lakers. For the Cavaliers, Wednesday @ Milwaukee, Friday @ Philadelphia, Saturday vs. Philadelphia. 
