  Magic-Pistons notebook   By Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com Posted Monday January 24, 2011 11:24PM THE FACTS: Tayshaun Prince ,  Tracy McGrady  and  Austin Daye  scored 20 points each and the Detroit Pistons led the Orlando Magic almost all the way in a 103-96 upset. Daye added seven rebounds to his career-high scoring night. Ryan Anderson 's 21 points, and 20 points and 16 rebounds by  Dwight Howard  were not enough to keep the Magic's eight-game home winning streak from ending. QUOTABLE:  "Having the ability to go to (point guard) after being a scorer for many years is a comfortable thing. It could prolong my career and I have no problem with it. I like the way the team runs when I have the ball."    --Tracy McGrady THE STAT:  The Pistons were 12-25 when McGrady took over as the starting point guard on Jan. 12. They are 5-3 since. TURNING POINT:  Prince and  Ben Gordon  had two baskets each and Daye hit a 3-pointer in an 11-0 run that lifted the Pistons to a 10-point lead late in the first half. The Magic never caught up. QUOTABLE II:  "They turned it over twice in the first half and we turned it over 12 times. I mean, they're not a team that scores a lot of points but once you give them that many opportunities, they've got guys on that team that are good players."   -- Magic point guard  Jameer Nelson HOT:  Daye stroked a couple of long 3-pointers early in the fourth quarter to help Detroit stretch its lead to 12. QUOTABLE III:  "Don't leave me in the fourth because I'm going for the dagger threes. I'm trying to find the line and take some air out of the arena."   -- Pistons forward Austin Daye NOT: Hedo Turkoglu  played 29 scoreless minutes with three turnovers in the first three quarters for Orlando. ROOKIE WATCH: Greg Monroe  started at center and played 31 minutes for Detroit, scoring seven points including a tip-in midway through the fourth quarter that stymied a Magic rally. NOTABLE:  Anderson's 21 points tied his career high. He has scored in double figures in 10 straight games, all off the bench ... Piston starters shot 26-for-50 (52 percent) ... The Pistons had lost seven of eight road games and the Magic had not lost at home since Jan. 21 UP NEXT:  For the Pistons, Wednesday vs. Denver, Friday @ Miami, Sunday @ New York. For the Magic, Wednesday @ Indiana, Friday @ Chicago, Sunday vs. Cleveland.  