Notebook: Wizards 101, Thunder 99 
 
 
 Benjamin Standig, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Mon Jan 07, 2013 11:51 PM - Updated Mon Jan 07, 2013 11:51 PM 
 
 THE FACTS: Bradley Beal  scored 22 points including the game-winning, one-handed floater with 0.3 seconds remaining as the Washington Wizards surprised the Oklahoma City Thunder 101-99 on Monday. 
 
 Martell Webster  also scored 22 points and like Beal connected on a four-point play in the second half with his score giving the Wizards a 99-94 with 1:43 remaining. The Thunder scored the next five points, capped by  Kevin Durant's  3-pointer with 36 seconds remaining. Washington's  A.J. Price  with 12 seconds left, but Washington retained possession, called timeout and designed a play for the 19-year-old Beal.  
 Settling in around the free throw line, the No, 3 overall pick in the 2012 NBA Draft head faked two Thunder defenders including a switching  Kendrick Perkins  before calmly draining the jumper. 
 
 Emeka Okafor  had 12 points and 12 rebounds for the Wizards (5-28), who entered having lost five straight. Durant led the Thunder (26-8) with 29 points, and  Serge Ibaka  had 26 points and 11 rebounds. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I was just telling him that a lot of players come in this and don't hit shots like that - ever. To get started that early, that's what we're looking for. We're expecting big things out of you. He's coming into his own early." --  Wizards forward  Trevor Ariza  on Washington rookie Beal 
 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Wizards have two straight games over the Thunder, played in Washington, Durant's hometown. Two of Washington's five wins this season have come over last year's NBA finalists. The Wizards upset the Miami Heat on Dec.4. 
 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Oklahoma City led 70-63 midway through the third quarter, but the Wizards rallied with a 23-6 run. In that stretch, the Thunder missed 16 consecutive shots and went nearly 11 minutes without a field goal. 
 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We let them stick around, because we're not taking them serious enough. We can't do that, man. We can't do that." --  Thunder forward Durant. 
 
 
 HOT:  Beal matched his career-high with five 3-pointers on seven attempts. The scoring guard has tallied at least 22 points in three of his last five games. 
 
 NOT: Russell Westbrook  scored 17 points, but finished 4 of 17 from the field and missed five of six 3-pointers. The All-Star guard was not the only Oklahoma City player misfiring from long range. The Thunder finished 6 of 25 (24 percent) from beyond the arc. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "I didn't know what I was going to do to be honest with you. Coach just said go make a play. I knew [Kendrick] Perkins was going to go for it for sure. With the time running down like that you always want to contest a jump shot. I was just trying to make a smart play." 
 --  Washington guard Beal on his game-winner. 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Replacing the injured  Nene  in the starting lineup,  Kevin Seraphin  scored 19 points. 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  The Wizards played without  Jordan Crawford  (sore left ankle), Nene (right knee tendonitis) and  Cartier Martin  (hyper-extended left knee). However  Trevor Ariza  and  A.J. Price  returned to the lineup for the first time after lengthy injuries. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Thunder, Wednesday vs. Timberwolves, Friday @ Lakers, Sunday @ Trail Blazers... For the Wizards, Saturday vs. Hawks, Monday vs. Magic, Jan. 16 @ Kings. 
