Notebook: Nuggets 112, Bucks 104 
 
 
 Michael Kelly, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Feb 06, 2013 1:14 AM - Updated Wed Feb 06, 2013 1:14 AM 
 
 THE FACTS:   Ty Lawson  and  Danilo Gallinari  scored 22 points each and the Denver Nuggets used a 19-4 run in the final 6:13 to beat the Milwaukee Bucks 112-104 on Tuesday night. 
 The late surge helped Denver overcome a monster night from  Samuel Dalembert . The 6-foot-11 veteran scored a career-high 35 points and grabbed 12 rebounds in the loss. 
 
 Corey Brewer  had 20 points and  Kenneth Faried  had 13 points and 10 rebounds for the Nuggets, who have won seven straight. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "When you get the groove and you're in a zone you continue. The mentality was not to force anything and see what the game was giving me."  
 -- Samuel Dalembert 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Nuggets held Milwaukee's two top scorers,  Monta Ellis  and  Brandon Jennings , to a combined 24 points, 13 below what the two average per game together. Together they shot 11-for-36 from the field 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Denver's aggressive defense down the stretch created problems for the Bucks. After Ellis hit a jumper to make it 100-93, Milwaukee missed its next four shots and turned it over twice, which helped fuel the Nuggets' run. Once the defense created turnovers the offense scored layups and dunks and ran past the Bucks. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "Their switching defense, they were really aggressive. They played small the whole second half which causes a little bit of a problem for us."  
 -- Milwaukee coach  Jim Boylan 
 
 
 HOT:  A model of efficiency, Dalembert needed just 15 minutes to surpass his career high of 27 set two years ago. He hit his first nine shots and finished 17-for-21 from the field and easily topped his career high for made field goals, which was 13. He also played a season-high 27 minutes. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "The mistakes we were making they were getting easy shots and they were finishing them. Dalembert getting 35, we rejuvenated his career. He's been shooting the ball better but I've never seen him shoot the ball that well."  
 -- Nuggets coach  George Karl 
 
 
 NOT:  The Nuggets defense in the first half. The Bucks shot 60.8 percent in the first two quarters, including 68 percent in the second period alone. They sure fixed it in the second half, holding Milwaukee to 34.7 percent shooting. 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Gallinari has come on strong during the Nuggets' winning streak. Over the last six games he is averaging 21 points and five rebounds. He has emerged as a steady offensive force.  
 
 GOOD MOVE:  The Nuggets went small in the fourth quarter and it paid off defensively. They didn't sacrifice rebounding and were able to force seven turnovers and block four shots. 
 
 QUOTABLE IV:  "That's what we got [ Andre ]  Iguodala  for, his defense, and  Corey  [ Brewer ] made some plays. We just made some plays down the stretch."  
 -- Ty Lawson 
 
 
 BAD MOVE:   Larry Sanders  had to be helped off the court after he hit the floor hard with 4:41 left. Sanders, who had five blocks, tried for a sixth on Faried's dunk attempt and fell awkwardly to the floor. 
 
 QUOTABLE V:  "It's the back of the hip bone. They did a couple of X-rays but it's nothing too serious. I'll take care of this and get back as fast as I can."  
 -- Bucks'  Larry Sanders 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  The Bucks fell to 8-34 all-time in Denver. ... Denver's seven-game winning streak is its longest since Nov. 20-Dec 5, 2010. ... Dalembert's 35 points are the most in the NBA from a bench player this season.  ... Lawson has scored 20 points in seven of the last 11 games. The Nuggets are 6-1 in those games. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Bucks, Wednesday @ Utah, Saturday vs. Detroit, Monday vs. Washington. For the Nuggets, Thursday vs. Chicago, Saturday @ Cleveland, Sunday @ Boston. 
