Notebook: Rockets 93, Grizzlies 86 
 
 
 Marlon Morgan, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Mon Nov 25, 2013 11:44 PM - Updated Mon Nov 25, 2013 11:44 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  Memphis lost to Houston at FedExForum for the first time since Dec. 3, 2010, snapping a five-game home winning streak against the Rockets.  
 
 THE LEAD:  With the Rockets trailing by eight heading in the fourth quarter and struggling offensively most of the night, coach  Kevin McHale  ended up going with a lineup of mostly bench players. That group made 14-of-20 shots in the quarter and scored a season-high 38 points, to lead the Rockets to a 93-86 win at Memphis.  Chandler Parsons , one of just two starters to finish out the fourth quarter, scored a game-high 17 points while  Omri Casspi  led the final charge, scoring 11 of his 16 points in the final period. The Grizzlies were led by  Tayshaun Prince , who had a season-high 16 points. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We knew our offense was going to start clicking. We just had to keep defending them. We got some stops and were able to run and came up with some offense. That shows the character of the team. We just kept fighting and understood what we needed to do and were able to come up with the victory." 
 -- Houston guard  Patrick Beverley 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Grizzlies have now lost three consecutive home games for the first time since losing three in a row Nov. 10-16, 2010.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  Down by eight to start the fourth quarter, Houston began the period with a 14-2 run to take a 69-65 lead, the Rockets first lead since 6-4 in the first quarter.  
 
 HOT:  The combination of Parsons and Casspi in the fourth quarter was too much for the Grizzlies to handle. Parsons was 4 for 4 in the period for nine points and finished the game making 8-of-9 shots. Casspi was 3-for-4 in the period and 4-for-6 on the night.  
 
 NOT:  Grizzlies' point guard  Mike Conley  has played like an All-Star in the team's first 13 games, but Monday night was not his night. Conley was just 2 of 14 from the floor, finishing with 10 points. However, he did make up for his shooting woes with a season-high 10 assists for his first double-double of the season. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  In seeing that his team was struggling offensively, McHale kept searching for a lineup that worked. Finally, in the fourth he left starters Beverley and Parsons in to play with Casspi,  Omer Asik  and  Francisco Garcia . That group led a charge that outscored the Grizzlies 38-23. The Rockets scored just 32 points in the first half. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Meanwhile, Grizzlies coach  Dave Joerge r left his reserve unit of Nick  Calathes ,  Jerryd Bayless ,  Jon Leuer ,  Ed Davis  and  Mike Miller  in the game for the entire 14-2 run to start the fourth, a spurt that lasted four minutes. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I was trying to hold out as long as I could. I was trying to win it. I didn't want to put them in too early and then they run out of gas with two minutes to go. We ran out of gas when I had put them in any way. I was just trying to hold it together as long as we could." 
 -- Grizzlies coach  Dave Joerger  on why he didn't put his starters in earlier in the fourth quarter.  
 
 
 NOTABLE:  The Grizzlies were playing their first game without  Marc Gasol , the NBA's reining Defensive Player of the Year. Gasol suffered a grade 2 MCL sprain in the team's loss to San Antonio Friday night and is out indefinitely. "I have never been out of the game for this long," he said. "There's always going to be something new to learn and it's definitely going to be something new for me because I have never been put in this situation before for this long." ... In defeat, the Grizzlies held Houston to a season-low 93 points. The Rockets entered the game leading the NBA in scoring at 109.9 points. ... The Rockets were without All-Star guard  James Harden , who was out with a foot injury.  Jeremy Lin  started in his place and scored 14 points. ... In his first start of the season in place of Gasol,  Kosta Koufos  scored eight points and had a season-high 13 rebounds. ... While the Rockets were scorching in the final quarter, the Grizzlies made 5 of 15 points (.333). ... Through three quarters, Houston missed 14 of 16 3-point shots. In the fourth, they made 4 of 8 from long range. ... Houston guard  Aaron Brooks  suffered a thigh bruise. He is listed as day-to-day. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Rockets, Wednesday vs. Atlanta, Friday vs. Brooklyn, Saturday at San Antonio. For the Grizzlies, Wednesday at Boston, Saturday vs. Brooklyn, Tuesday vs. Phoenix.  
