  Raptors-Suns notebook   By Mike Tulumello, for NBA.com Posted Thursday March 24, 2011 1:24AM THE FACTS:  Desperation saved a tired Phoenix Suns' team Wednesday night. Faced with the end of their playoff chances, the Suns shook off the effects of a triple-overtime loss on Tuesday night, put on a frantic late-game rally and eased past the visiting Toronto Raptors, 114-106. "I thought it was our best win of the year," said a jubilant  Alvin Gentry , after the Suns' coach used all 12 of his players in the win. The Suns had to send home their defensive stopper,  Grant Hill , with flu-like symptoms after hill only played six minutes. They trailed throughout, then used a weird lineup that included their backup point guards,  Aaron Brooks  and  Zabian Dowdell , at the same time to get back in the game. In the closing seconds of the third quarter, Brooks hit two driving layups then scored on fast break at the buzzer to tie the game at 86. The Raptors took charge again, pulling to a 103-97 lead with 4:25 left By this time,  Steve Nash  had replaced Dowdell, and the Suns played at a frenzied pace. Nash, Jared Dudley and Brooks hit 3-pointers, while  Marcin Gortat  hit two layups on passes from Nash and blocked two shots. This was all part of a 17-3 Suns' run to close the game. Brooks, in what Gentry called his "best game as a Sun," had a season-high 25 points. Gentry loosened the reins on Brooks, allowing him to call his own plays instead of looking to the coach. "I'm getting more comfortable calling plays," Brooks said. "It's quicker if I call plays. We can get into our offense (faster)." Also for the Suns, Nash had 16 points, eight assists and one turnover in less than 22 minutes. Still, the night wasn't exactly a winner for the Suns (36-34) Their playoff chances may have been sealed about the time they took the floor. That's when No. 8 Memphis won at Boston. The upset means the Grizzlies maintained their 3-game lead over the Suns. They also hold the tie-breaker. With the loss, the Raptors (20-51) were eliminated from the playoffs. Andrea Bargnani  led them with 27 points.  DeMar DeRozan  added 19. The Suns have won 14 straight vs. the Raptors, their longest active streak against an opponent. All 14 wins have come since Nash rejoined them in 2004. QUOTABLE:  "If this team had been here since training camp, I think it would have been a different story."   --  Suns coach Alvin Gentry, more or less acknowledging his team's playoff run was nearly over, before the Suns even took the floor vs. the Raptors.   THE STAT:  The Suns hit 12-for-28 on 3-pointers, while the Raptors were just 3-for-12. TURNING POINT:  The Suns, down 103-97 with 4:25 left, closed out the game on a 17-3 run. QUOTABLE II:  "We can't be tired. We take off more time than  Johnny Carson ."   --  Gentry to the Suns late in the game, imploring his team to fight off fatigue. Not every player understood the reference, Gentry said. ROOKIE WATCH:  The Raptors  Ed Davis  had seven points and nine boards in 23 minutes. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Brooks may be back on track. After a horrendous stretch in which he shot 4-for-20 over three games, then was suspended by the NBA for a game, he's shot 15-for-25 for 40 points the past two games. NOTABLE:  Gortat's 53 minutes off the bench vs. the Lakers Tuesday night represents the most minutes played by a reserve since starters and reserves were labeled in NBA box scores in 1970-71, according to Elias Sports Bureau. UP NEXT:  For the Raptors, Friday @ Golden State, Saturday @ Los Angeles Clippers and Wednesday vs Bucks. For the Suns, Friday vs. Hornets, Sunday vs. Mavericks and Tuesday @ Sacramento.  