Notebook: Pacers 89, Cavaliers 74 
 
 
 Conrad Brunner, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Nov 02, 2013 10:38 PM - Updated Sat Nov 02, 2013 10:38 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  In winning its first three games, Indiana has outscored opponents by 42 points in the second half. 
 
 THE LEAD:   Lance Stephenson  took a big step forward last season, but wasn't even the most improved player on his team, thanks to  Paul George . If he keeps this up, Stephenson will be in the conversation for league-wide honors in his fourth season. Stephenson tied his career high with 22 points and established a new best with five 3-pointers made to help spark the Pacers to an 89-74 victory over the visiting Cleveland Cavaliers Saturday at Bankers Life Fieldhouse.  Through three games, Stephenson is averaging 19.0 points, 6.7 rebounds and 4.0 assists, shooting .595 overall and .643 from the 3-point line.  Paul George  had 21 points and 13 rebounds for Indiana.  Dion Waiters  was Cleveland's leading scorer with 17. The Pacers held the Cavs to .349 shooting and outrebounded them 51-37. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "He's been our most efficient offensive player this year. He's taken a giant leap. He was one of the most improved players in the league last year and he's taking a bigger step this year." 
 -- Indiana Coach  Frank Vogel  on Stephenson. 
 
 
 THE STAT:  In the first half this season, Indiana has shot .398 overall, .273 from the 3-point line and committed 36 turnovers while being outscored by 12. In the second half, the Pacers have shot .486 overall, .514 from the arc and committed 24 turnovers. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Cleveland scored the final six points of the third quarter to quickly trim what was a 13-point deficit to just seven, 62-55, entering the fourth quarter. Stephenson took over from there, scoring 10 points, including a pair of 3-pointers, in a 17-6 run that pushed Indiana's lead to 79-61. 
 
 QUOTABLE I I: "We just had a few too many of 'my bads' or 'my faults'.  That kind of adds up during the course of a game and we can't have that, especially against a good team like the Pacers.  We just can't have those defensive breakdowns going into the fourth quarter. " 
  -- Cleveland guard  Kyrie Irving 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:   Paul George  had four dunks but the one he missed might've been the most spectacular. Using  Roy Hibbert  as a lead blocker in transition, George weaved his way upcourt, then exploded through a narrow gap to soar to the hoop, but the dunk attempt rattled out. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Even though it's early, the Cavs have to be at least a little nervous about No. 1 overall pick  Anthony Bennett . The forward from UNLV has yet to make a shot, going 0-for-12, with half of those from the 3-point line. He was 0-for-4 against Indiana and missed the rim entirely twice. 
 
 HOT:   Stephenson was 5-for-7 from the 3-point line, bringing his season total to 9-for-14. ... George shot 8-for-17 overall, 3-for-6 from the arc. ...  Anderson Varejao  was 6-for-9 for the Cavs.   
 
 NOT:  Starting Cavs forwards  Earl Clark  and  Tristan Thompson  shot 1-for-9 combined. ... Starting guards Waiters and Irving were 13-for-38. ...  David West  had an unusually quiet night for Indiana with four points on 2-for-7 shooting.  
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "I wanted to make a difference and fill a void.  We did a good job on defense forcing their guards and doubling on Ty ( Tyler Zeller ).  We tried to front Kyrie and slow him down with our transition defense.  We're still learning.  We're looking forward to getting better as we get to know each other better." 
  -- Indiana guard  C.J Watson 
 
 
 NOTABLE:   Watson started at point guard for Indiana and had seven points, six assists and four rebounds. Regular starter  George Hill  was out with a sore left hip but is expected back for the Pacers' next game Tuesday in Detroit. ... Indiana has won seven in a row from Cleveland. ... The Pacers blocked six shots to bring their league-leading total to 36. ... Hibbert had two in the game and has 14 for the season. ... George's double-double was his first of the season. ... Indiana had a season-high 24 assists. ... Cavs coach  Mike Brown  spent the afternoon watching son  Elijah  score 18 points for Butler University in a 93-68 exhibition win over DePauw at historic Hinkle Fieldhouse. 
 
 UP NEXT:   For the Pacers, Tuesday at Detroit, Wednesday vs. Chicago, Friday vs. Toronto. For the Cavaliers, Monday vs. Minnesota, Wednesday at Milwaukee, Friday at Philadelphia. 
