  Spurs-Pacers notebook   By John Oehser, for NBA.com Posted Friday January 7, 2011 10:47PM THE FACTS:   Manu Ginobili  scored 25 points, hitting two late free throws to give the San Antonio Spurs the lead for good in a 90-87 victory over the Indiana Pacers at Conseco Fieldhouse in Indianapolis Friday. Indiana, after shooting 11 of 19 in the third quarter to take an 11-point lead, made just one field goal in the fourth quarter, finishing with 12 fourth-quarter points. The Spurs won for the first time in three games. They hadn't lost back-to-back games this season until losing to New York and Boston Tuesday and Wednesday.   QUOTABLE:  "We let them get away with many shots (early). In the second half, we were much better. We made them sweat more for every make."    -- Manu Ginobli THE STAT:  The Spurs closed well throughout the game, shaving chunks of Pacers leads at the end of the second and third quarters. But the key to the game was the Spurs' defense -- and the Pacers inability to hit big shots -- down the stretch. Indiana, after shooting 43.8 percent in the first three quarters, made just 1 of 15 fourth-quarter shots.  Mike Dunleavy  was the only player to make a fourth-quarter field goal for Indiana. TURNING POINT:  As Ginobli saw it, it came at the end of the third quarter. The Pacers took their largest lead of the game, 75-60, when Dunleavy faked a behind-the-back pass and finished a fast break with 1:32 remaining in the third quarter.  Gary Neal  made an 11-foot jump shot and  Richard Jefferson  finished the quarter with a finger roll layup to pull the Spurs to within 11. "It's not a huge difference, but your mindset is different starting the fourth quarter 15 down rather than 11," Ginobli said. "We closed quarters very well." QUOTABLE II:  "Our veterans stepped up when we needed to and that's all that matters."    -- Spurs guard  George Hill FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Pacers forward  Tyler Hansbrough  made his second career start -- his first of the season -- and scored a game-high 23 points with 12 rebounds. Hansbrough started at power forward with the Pacers trying to move to a smaller lineup. He also had two blocked shots and finished 10-for-10 from the field. "He almost took the game away from us," Spurs coach  Gregg Popovich  said. "I thought Tyler just ripped us up." HOT:  The Pacers had led by as many as eight points in the first half, but by halftime, the veteran Spurs had scrapped back into the game and taken a one-point lead. The Pacers dominated the third quarter -- and it wasn't just that Hansbrough was hot. The Pacers out-shot San Antonio 57.9 percent to 36.8 percent, with San Antonio making just 7 of 19 field goals and 1 of 5 3-pointers. NOT:  While no one was remotely hot for Indiana in the fourth quarter, Hibbert and  Danny Granger 's struggles were particularly damaging. Hibbert missed four field-goal attempts, and missed badly from inside the lane twice in the closing minutes. With Indiana trailing by one in the final seconds, Granger couldn't get a shot and passed off to Hibbert. He also missed two fourth-quarter field goals and had three turnovers in the period. GOOD MOVE:  Starting Hansbrough -- and starting him again in the second half. Hansbrough had 10 points at halftime on 5 of 12 shooting, then really got hot in the third quarter, when he made 5 of 6 field goals in a 12-point third quarter in which he also had six rebounds. Hansbrough's third quarter helped Indiana turn a one-point halftime deficit into a 75-64 lead entering the fourth quarter. QUOTABLE III:  "I think we showed tonight that we can play with the big boys. We had them down and we let them up. We just can't seem to find a way to close a game out. We have to keep working until we get that right."    -- Pacers point guard  Darren Collison NOTABLE:  Parker missed the shootaround with cold symptoms, but started the game and finished with 10 points on 3 of 11 shooting. . . . Spurs forward  Tim Duncan  had 15 points and 15 rebounds. . . . Hill, the Spurs' sixth man and an Indianapolis native, scored 16 points and and also had four assists. . . . The Spurs have eight consecutive victories over the Pacers. UP NEXT:  For the Spurs, Sunday vs. Minnesota, Tuesday @ Minnesota, Wednesday @ Milwaukee. For the Pacers, Saturday @ Atlanta, Tuesday @ Philadelphia, Wednesday vs. Dallas.  