  Notebook: Heat 107, Hawks 87 Posted Sunday February 12, 2012 10:43PM By Matt Winkeljohn, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The Heat didn't need  LeBron James  or  Dwyane Wade  to win in Atlanta on Jan. 5, and with them healthy Sunday, Miami completely trounced the defenseless Hawks 107-87 in the first of their three games in as many nights. James and Wade were injured when the Heat won 116-109 in triple overtime in Philips Arena last month, and this game bore no similarity to that one. Wade scored all 21 of his points in the first half,  Chris Bosh  had a double-double in the first half (10 points, 10 rebounds) on the way to totals of 14 points and a season-high 16 rebounds, and James almost had a double-double in the first two quarters with 14 points and nine rebounds (and four assists) as Miami built a 63-41 halftime lead. He finished with 23 points, 13 rebounds and six assists. After an 8-1 start at home, the Hawks have lost four of their past five in Philips, and trailed by at least 20 points in the same four home games. They trailed by 32 in the third quarter, and second time in that five-game stretch that's happened. Reserve  Willie Green  led Atlanta with 17 points. QUOTABLE:  "We couldn't have scripted a better start [to the three-games-in-three-days run]. We played Miami Heat basketball . . . we were able to get stops defensively, and transition translates into offense . . . I wanted to rebound tonight because it enables me to push the tempo."   -- James, who had just two rebounds in Miami's win at Washington on Friday. THE STAT:  31-13 -- That was Miami's first-half rebounding edge. The Heat took 21 defensive rebounds in the first two quarters, limiting Atlanta to just five offensive rebounds. TURNING POINT:  The Hawks trailed by just one when  Zaza Pachulia  hit a jump shot with 4:30 left in the fourth quarter, but Atlanta did not score again in the period as the Heat scored the final 11 points and the first four of the second quarter to take a 34-18 lead. The game was never remotely close after that stretch, during which the Hawks missed eight straight shots and were out-rebounded 9-2, QUOTABLE II:  "We had a great crowd tonight and we just didn't come out with the energy and effort that we needed . . . to beat a team like the Heat . . . it almost seemed like they wanted it [more] than we did. They got the loose balls, all the rebounds, and they were just more aggressive on both ends of the court."   -- Atlanta All-Star guard  Joe Johnson , who scored 12 points and did not have a rebound. HOT:  Wade made a modest 3-of-5 shots in the second quarter, but was perfect on seven free throw attempts. . . . Bosh had eight rebounds in the same period. . . .  Shane Battier  made 3-of-4 shots and has made 12-of-18 in his past three games. GOOD MOVE:  Miami coach  Erik Spoelstra  and his team do a great job tilting the floor at times with James and Wade on one side or the other, only to have the ball swing quickly to the weakside for what is often a wide-open shot. ROOKIE WATCH:  Atlanta forward  Ivan Johnson  played just 10:07 for reasons unknown, but made some use of his time. He had six points, two rebounds, two steals. . . . Miami guard  Norris Cole  shot just 4-for-11, but added a couple steals and a couple assists (plus a couple turnovers). He continues to play with an apparent absence of fear. NOTABLE:  The Heat are 2-1 halfway through a six-game road trip, and 2-1 against the Hawks this season after dropping a 100-92 decision in Miami on Jan. 2. . . . Spoelstra said reserve center  Dexter Pittman  has been limited recently by a thigh bruise, but has played well enough to earn more work when he's healthy. . . . The Hawks' old men got more playing time than they might have expected as Atlanta coach  Larry Drew  did not play any starters in the fourth quarter.  Jerry Stackhouse , a 17-year veteran, scored seven points with a couple rebounds, and center  Erick Dampier  grabbed four rebounds. The 16-year veteran signed a 10-day contract on Thursday. IN THE ARENA:   Earl Lloyd , the first African-American to play in the NBA (1950-'51 with the Washington Capitols), was honored at halftime in Philips Arena. The 83-year-old former small forward also played with the Syracuse Nationals and the Detroit Pistons. . . . UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Monday @ Bucks, Tuesday @ Pacers, Friday @ Cleveland. For the Hawks, Tuesday @ Lakers, Wednesday @ Suns, Saturday @ Blazers.  