Notebook: Kings 97, Bobcats 93 
 
 
 Bill Kiser, For NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Jan 19, 2013 11:13 PM - Updated Sat Jan 19, 2013 11:13 PM 
 
 THE FACTS: DeMarcus Cousins  scored 17 points and grabbed 10 rebounds as the Sacramento Kings held off a late fourth-quarter rally to beat the Charlotte Bobcats 97-93 on Saturday night at Time Warner Cable Arena in Charlotte, N.C. 
 
 Marcus Thornton  came off the bench to add 18 points for the Kings (16-25), who led by as many as 10 points only to see the Bobcats rally and take a 90-88 lead on  Gerald Henderson 's layup with 3:34 remaining. But  Tyreke Evans  scored the next six points to put Sacramento ahead to stay. 
 Evans finished with 16 points for the Kings, who also got 15 points from  Isaiah Thomas  and 11 from  Jason Thompson . 
 
 Ramon Sessions  led the Bobcats (10-30) with 16 points. Henderson, battling a sore back, added 15 points;  Kemba Walker  had 14 points and 10 assists, and  Hakim Warrick  and  Ben Gordon  put in 12 points apiece. 
 
 QUOTABLE : "I thought our guys did a great job of keeping their composure. We were betting and hoping that they would overreact to the post-up on Ramon Sessions, and they did. We moved the ball out of there and we got a quick shot on the backside. I think a combination of running what we needed to run at that particular time was critical. We didn't take a quick jump shot or try to force shots." 
 -- Kings coach  Keith Smart 
 
 
 THE STAT : The Kings finished with 24 assists, a night after putting up just nine assists in a 16-point loss to the Memphis Grizzlies. Thomas led Sacramento with seven assists, and eight players overall had one or more assists. 
 
 TURNING POINT : After the Bobcats took what would be their last lead, Evans hit a pair of free throws with 2:38 left to tie the score at 90-90. He then hit a pair of layups over a 31-second span in the final minute to put the Kings ahead to stay. 
 
 QUOTABLE II : "As soon as we won last night [beating Orlando on Friday], we planted the seed about what tonight meant. As you remember, not too long ago, we didn't play that well at home. So, to come off of a back-to-back like we did, that's definitely represented tonight. It's just something that we have to get better at. I'm on that and so are the players. They understand; they want to give these fans a win, too." 
 -- Bobcats coach  Mike Dunlap 
 
 
 HOT : Cousins posted his 18th double-double of the season for the Kings. He also had four assists, including a key feed to Evans for his second layup with 44 seconds remaining to put Sacramento ahead 94-90. 
 
 QUOTABLE III : "We executed pretty well. We're known to make some mistakes down the stretch, but we showed growth tonight in these close situations and we made some good plays." 
 -- Kings center DeMarcus Cousins 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH : Kings rookie forward  Thomas Robinson  was knocked out of the game in the opening minutes after taking a hard shot to the jaw. He received at least 10 stitches in his upper lip, and is scheduled to undergo oral surgery after a front tooth was knocked out. 
 
 NOTABLE : The Bobcats' home losing streak is now at 14 consecutive games, dating back to Nov. 21, 2012, a 98-97 victory over the Toronto Raptors. Since then, all of Charlotte's wins have come on the road. 
 
 QUOTABLE IV : "We've been losing some pretty close games, and we definitely need a home win. It's been a long time." 
 -- Bobcats guard Kemba Walker 
 
 UP NEXT : For the Kings, Monday @ Hornets, Wednesday vs. Suns, Friday vs. Thunder. For the Bobcats, Monday vs. Rockets, Wednesday vs. Hawks, Saturday vs. Timberwolves. 
