Notebook: Pistons 109, Heat 99 
 
 
 Dana Gauruder, For NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Dec 28, 2012 11:10 PM - Updated Fri Dec 28, 2012 11:10 PM 
 
 THE FACTS : Second-string guard  Will Bynum  had 25 points, including 13 in the fourth quarter, as the Detroit Pistons snapped the Miami Heat's six-game winning streak with a 109-99 upset at The Palace of Auburn Hills on Friday night. Bynum added 10 assists and  Charlie Villanueva  contributed 18 points for the Pistons (10-22), who got 64 of their points from their reserves.  LeBron James  had 35 points and Chris Bosh scored 28 for Miami (20-7), which played without  Dwyane Wade . The NBA suspended Wade for one game on Thursday for flailing his leg and making contact with the groin area of Charlotte's  Ramon Sessions  Wednesday. 
 
 QUOTABLE : "I have a consistent routine. I'm constantly working and believing in myself. I work my tail off all summer and sacrifice a lot for this game and it's just paying off." 
 -- Will Bynum on his big night 
 
 THE STAT : 18. James had a personal winning streak of 18 games against the Pistons snapped, dating back to his last two seasons with Cleveland. It began with the last three regular-season meetings between Detroit and Cleveland in 2008-09, followed by a four-game Cavaliers' sweep in the opening round of the Eastern Conference playoffs. Cleveland swept all four regular-season meetings the following season and Miami had gone 7-0 against the Pistons since James joined them.  
 
 TURNING POINT : Detroit's bench players turned everything around after Miami scored the first 10 points of the game and led by 15 after one quarter. They sparked a 14-0 run to start the second quarter and the Pistons wound up scoring 41 points in the quarter, a season high. The Pistons made eight 3-pointers, including three by Villanueva, while taking a 58-52 halftime lead.  
 
 QUOTABLE II : "We're a team that wants to be whole every night we go out there. A big part of the team was missing, but guys have to step up. We didn't have enough tonight defensively." 
 -- LeBron James on Wade's absence 
 
 HOT : Detroit's bench carried the team back from a 22-point deficit in a double-overtime loss to Atlanta on Wednesday, scoring 85 points. The reserve corps kept pouring in the points Friday, scoring 36 in the second quarter alone. They added 24 in the fourth quarter to close out the game. 
 
 NOT : Miami's backcourt trio of  Mario Chalmers, Mike Miller  and  Ray Allen  combined for 18 points on 6-for-25 shooting and also made four turnovers. Miller started in place of Wade, while Allen played 29 minutes after missing the game against Charlotte with a shoulder injury. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH : The Pistons got double-digit performances from both of the rookies that played.  Andre Drummond  recorded his fifth double-double with 10 points and 10 rebounds, while  Kyle Singler  had 12 points and five rebounds. 
 
 NOTABLE : Miami had won seven straight against Detroit. ... The Heat lost for the first time in 32 games over the last two seasons while shooting 50 percent or better. Miami went 50.6 percent from the field. ... Detroit forward  Tayshaun Prince  had four assists, giving him 2,000 for his career. ... The Pistons started a five-game homestand, their longest this season, while Miami is on a four-game road swing. ... Miami allowed 100 points for the first time in 10 games. ... Pistons guard  Rodney Stuckey , their sixth man, missed the game with a sprained left ankle suffered during their double overtime loss at Atlanta Wednesday 
 
 UP NEXT : For the Heat, Saturday @ Milwaukee, Monday @ Orlando, Wednesday vs. Dallas. For the Pistons, Sunday vs. Milwaukee, Tuesday vs. Sacramento, Friday vs. Atlanta. 
