Notebook: Bulls 96, Raptors 80 
 
 
 Scott Campsall, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Nov 15, 2013 10:54 PM - Updated Fri Nov 15, 2013 10:54 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  In all four of the Chicago Bulls' (4-3) wins this season, they have held their opponent under 81 points. Since 2010-2011, Chicago is 65-9 when it prevents its opponent from scoring at least 90 points.  
 
 THE LEAD:  Despite playing without their superstar point guard  Derrick Rose , The Chicago Bulls went into the Air Canada Centre Friday and took care of business, beating the Toronto Raptors (4-6) 96-80.  
 For the second straight game, the Bulls had all five of their starters score in double figures.  Luol Deng  lead the way with 19 points,  Joakim Noah  was right behind him with 18 and nine rebounds while  Carlos Boozer  and  Jimmy Butler  finished with 14 apiece.  Kirk Hinrich  played a game-high 40 minutes and had 12 points; four assists, filling in for the injured Rose.  
 The margin of victory would have been much wider for the Bulls had it not been for Raptors guard  DeMar DeRozan  who had what could easily be described as one of the best games of his five-year career. DeRozan tied a career-high with 37 points, including a stretch where he scored the Raptors final 11 points of the third quarter.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I thought they got us established in the paint early. Carlos [Boozer] was terrific, but Jo [Noah] was very, very active everywhere. I thought Kirk [Hinrich] did a great job of running the team. We had a balanced scoring attack and then I thought the defense overall was excellent."  --  Bulls head coach Tom Thibodeau on his team's effort .   
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Raptors shot 29-for-82 on the night. Players not named DeRozan combined to shoot 16-for-60.  
 
 TURNING POINT : Already leading by 14, the Bulls started the second half on a 15-4 run, forcing six turnovers in five minutes. This pushed the game out of reach.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:   "Kirk is a great player. He's underrated. He does a great job of running our team, gets us in our sets. Obviously, he's [been] a great defender his whole career. He hit some big shots in that third and fourth quarter for us, too.  We have the ultimate confidence in him and he played great tonight too. " 
 --  Bulls forward Boozer on the play of point guard Hinrich.  
 
 
 HOT:  Noah seemed to finally find his groove Friday, shooting an efficient 7-of-10 from the floor and grabbing a team-high nine rebounds. He had previously been struggling to regain his form as he continues to battle back from a preseason groin injury.  
 
 HOT:  DeRozan made 13 of his 22 attempts on the night, trying a career-high with 37 points. His inspired play was highlighted by a run in which he scored 11 straight points and 15 total in the third quarter.  
 
 NOT:  The rest of Raptors shot a combined 16-of-60 from the floor.   
 
 NOTABLE:  After being out all of last year with a torn ACL, Rose missed his first game of the season -- this time with a hamstring injury he suffered on Monday against the Cleveland Cavaliers. Rose hasn't played in Toronto since February 23, 2011... This game marked the beginning of a stretch in which the Raptors play six of seven at home... The Bulls shot 44 percent from 3-point territory -- their best output of the season. Chicago entered the game shooting 26 percent from three.  
 
 UP NEXT : For the Bulls, vs. Indiana Saturday, vs. Charlotte Monday, @Denver Thursday. For the Raptors, vs. Portland Sunday, @Philadelphia Wednesday, vs. Washington Friday.  
