  Notebook: Celtics 88, Wizards 76 Posted Sunday March 25, 2012 9:51PM By Brian Robb, for NBA.com THE FACTS: Avery Bradley  finished with a career-high 23 points, as the undermanned Boston Celtics cruised to a comfortable 88-76 win over the Washington Wizards. The 21-year-old guard started in place of the injured  Ray Allen  and set the tone for Boston from the opening tip on both ends of the floor. Bradley scored 19 of his 23 points in the first half, helping the Celtics open up a 25-point lead in the second quarter. The hybrid guard also helped to key a dominant defensive effort from Boston as Washington offense sputtered for most of the night, scoring just 24 points in the game's first 20 minutes. The putrid output put the visitors in a hole they were unable to climb out of. Boston cooled off offensively in the second half, only scoring 35 points, but the Wizards were unable to get any closer than eight points the rest of the way.  Paul Pierce  added 21 points for the hosts, who have now won six straight games at TD Garden.  Jordan Crawford  led the shorthanded Wizards, who played without  Nene , with 20 points. Washington has lost three straight games overall. QUOTABLE:  "He's just gaining more and more confidence as the year goes on. It was awesome to have him give us a big lift, especially with the injuries we have right now. It's just good to watch a guy like Avery mature before your eyes over the last couple years."    -- Pierce on Bradley's play THE STAT:  Wizards started the game an ice cold 1-of-12 from the field and things failed to improve much from there. They finished the first quarter with just 12 points, after stifling Celtics defense limited them to just 13.6 percent shooting (3-of-22) over the opening 12 minutes. TURNING POINT:  Washington kept the game competitive throughout much of the fourth quarter, cutting Boston's lead to ten points with just over five minutes remaining. The C's managed to stop the bleeding though, responding with a 10-0 run over the next two minutes, which put away the Wizards for good. QUOTABLE II:  "They just started off with great defense. We just didn't do a great job of moving the ball as a team. We were taking bad shots and they executed, getting whatever they wanted offensively."  - -  John Wall  on Boston's dominating first half HOT:  Bradley -- The second-year guard made the most of his spot start exploding for 13 points in first 5:15 of game, on 6-of-6 shooting. He scored 15 of his 23 points in the first quarter. NOT: Trevor Booker  -- The power forward continues to battle plantar fasciitis in his left foot, which has slowed down his offensive game on the floor. The former Clemson star missed six of his seven shots over 30 minutes of action, including a failed one-handed dunk attempt in the second quarter. He finished with a mere two points in 30 minutes. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Pierce -- The C's are usually at their best as a team when their All-Star small forward hits the glass and that's exactly what Pierce did Sunday night. The 6'6'' veteran grabbed eight boards, dished out three assists and scored 13 of his 21 points in the second half. He has averaging 6.8 rebounds over his past five games, two above his season average per game. GOOD MOVE:  Boston coach  Doc Rivers  told reporters before the game he based his move to start Bradley in place of Allen on matchups against Washington's athletic backcourt of Wall and Crawford. The decision paid obvious dividends as the duo was held in check, while Bradley delivered a breakout performance. ROOKIE WATCH: Greg Stiemsma  has become a crucial piece of the Celtics bench with  Jermaine O'Neal  and  Chris Wilcox  sidelined for the season, and the center continues to step up to the challenge. The 26-year-old hit a number of long jumpers on his way to 10 points, while also snatching seven rebounds. NOTABLE:  Nene sat out the game with back spasms. The former Nugget has averaged 16.7 points and 8.3 rebounds in his first three games with his new squad. He told reporters after the game he was day-to-day.  Kevin Seraphin  got the start in his place and had a double-double with 15 points and 11 rebounds. Washington started the game 3-of-25 from the field. Allen will be sidelined for Monday's game in Charlotte as well due to his sore right ankle. He underwent a MRI Monday for the injury.  Mickael Pietrus  also sat out the game with a concussion. There is no timetable on his return, according to Rivers.  Ryan Hollins  made his home debut for the C's, scoring two points in 12 minutes of action. The Wizards tied a season-low with 12 assists. Boston pulled within a half-game of Philadelphia for the Atlantic Division lead after the Sixers lost to the Spurs in San Antonio. Washington plays the final game of their back-to-back-to-back stretch Monday at home against Detroit. With the victory, Boston has swept the season series 4-0 against the Wizards. UP NEXT:  For the Wizards, Monday vs. Detroit, Thursday @ Indiana, Friday vs. Philadelphia. For the Celtics, Monday @ Charlotte, Wednesday vs. Utah, Friday @ Minnesota.  