  Lakers-Hawks notebook   By Matt Winkeljohn, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday March 8, 2011 11:12PM THE FACTS:  The Hawks wanted to run Tuesday and for a while they did, but the Lakers eventually overwhelmed Atlanta with size for their eighth straight win, 101-87. L.A. broke a three-game losing streak in Atlanta behind a triple towers-type effort. Big men  Andrew Bynum  (16 points, 16 rebounds, three blocked shots ) and  Pau Gasol  (14 points, 11 rebounds) carried action in the paint, and  Kobe Bryant  led all scorers with 26 points to move into sixth place in NBA history ahead of  Moses Malone  (27,409 career points) with 27,423 career points of his own. Atlanta, which has lost four of five, was led by  Al Horford 's 17 points, but the Hawks made just 39.8 percent of their shots. QUOTABLE I:  "We're just all on the same page; we're doing our homework. [Bynum] is doing everything we can ask of him. We've always had a tough time [in Atlanta]. We're making people take contested shots and taking them out of areas they're comfortable in. It's not necessarily that we're winning games but how we're winning them. We're really playing well. We're not making too many mistakes."   -- Kobe Bryant, on the Lakers' winning ways QUOTABLE II:  "Andrew has really been rebounding well, and with his hand strength, his arm strength he's dominant out there not just because of his size. With our [scoring distribution], it's not important that he score."   --Lakers coach  Phil Jackson  on Andrew Bynum THE STAT:  44-20 -- This was the Lakers' scoring edge in the paint, although it was even more impressive when they had a 38-10 edge in there over the first three quarters. TURNING POINT:  The Hawks chipped away at what had been a 22-point L.A. lead to cut their deficit to 90-82 on a  Kirk Hinrich  jumper with 5:38 left in the game, and moments later Hinrich launched a 3-pointer that could have cut the deficit to five points. It missed, Bryant rebounded the miss, and at the other end Gasol scored a pair of free throws followed by an Atlanta possession where the Lakers forced the Hawks into their fourth 24-second shot clock violation of the game. Moments later, with the shot clock about to expire on the Lakers, Bryant caught a deflected pass and launched a trey over the long out-stretched arm of Atlanta's  Josh Smith . It was good for a 96-82 lead that with 3:20 left in the game -- Atlanta's last gasp. QUOTABLE III:  "They have great players, and their length is what makes them a championship-caliber team. Those guys are 7-feet with really long arms."   -- Kirk Hinrich, on the effect of the Lakers' collective size. L.A. blocked a modest four shots, but the Lakers altered numerous others. That was especially evident considering the Hawks made just 10 of 23 shots attempted in the paint (43.5 percent). HOT:  Bynum has 50 rebounds in the past three games, with efforts of 17, 17 and 16 boards. He doesn't always shoot as much as he did Tuesday, when he made 8 of 10 shots, but over his past three games he made 13 of 16 shots. Over his past five games, he made 23 of 33. . . . Hinrich has made 18 of 32 shots in Atlanta's past three contests (56.3 percent). NOT:  The Hawks made just 39.8 percent of their shots (33 of 83), and the third quarter was especially brutal as the Lakers turned up their defense -- as they have frequently after halftime during their eight-game winning streak -- and limited Atlanta to 5 of 20 makes in the third quarter. . . . Atlanta's  Jamal Crawford  remains in a shooting slump. He made 2 of 8 shots Tuesday, including one of five 3-pointers, and over his past six games he's made just 25 of 72 shots (34.7 percent). GOOD MOVE:  Coach Jackson opted to have small forward  Ron Artest  defend Atlanta shooting guard  Joe Johnson  much of the time, although Johnson usually marked Bryant. Johnson got off to a solid start, making 4 of 5 shots to score 11 points in the first half. But the bigger Artest appeared to wear on him as he went scoreless in the second half, missing nine shots. That included four 3-pointers (where he has made just 2 of 23 over the past five games). Johnson also had just one rebound in the game, one assist and three turnovers. INSIDE THE ARENA:  NBA Hall of Famer  Julius "Dr. J." Erving , music producer/rapper  Polow da Don , his cousin and R&B artist  Monica , and Atlanta Falcons wide receiver  Roddy White  were in the crowd at Philips Arena. NOTABLE:  After first suggesting that he wasn't going to comment about the Miami Heat when asked before the game about crying, Jackson eventually did. "This is the NBA -- no boys allowed," he said. "Big boys don't cry. But if you're going to, do it in the toilet where no one can see." . . . Bryant corralled a loose ball late in the third quarter, and took off for a possible dunk but Horford wrapped him up in the lane. A foul was called and Bryant made two shots for a 75-57 lead, but the most interesting part of the play came in the moment after the play when Horford wagged his finger at the many Lakers fans behind the baseline. . . . Atlanta coach  Larry Drew  said recently that he planned to play reserve forward  Damien Wilkins  more, and Wilkins made his coach look good Tuesday by making 4 of 6 shots for 10 points while playing what was generally solid defense. QUOTABLE IV:  "He's very unique. I was in L.A. when we traded for him, and you saw the talent. Here's a young kid, 17 or 18 years old, and the talent was off the charts. It was a matter of learning the NBA . . . and he did that. He is certainly, when you look at some of the all-time great players, he'll be amongst the best in scoring and defensively. He has a motor that very good players have. He's a phenomenal player."   -- Larry Drew, when asked about Kobe Bryant passing Moses Malone to move into sixth place in NBA history with 27,423 points. QUOTABLE V:  "Stay cool."   -- Phil Jackson, when asked how to beat the Heat Thursday. UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Thursday @ Heat, Saturday @ Mavericks, Monday vs. Magic. For the Hawks, Friday @ Bulls, Saturday vs. Blazers, Tuesday vs. Bucks.  