  Knicks-Nets notebook   By Jake Appleman, for NBA.com Posted Friday April 8, 2011 10:45PM THE FACTS:  With the playoffs looming, the Knicks stayed in form and blew the Nets out of their own building, 116-93 -- even without  Amar'e Stoudemire  (sprained left ankle).  Carmelo Anthony  (25 points, 14 rebounds) and  Chauncey Billups  (22 points, 4 assists) led the visitors, who probably felt right at home in front of a crowd with a vocal orange-and-blue contingent. The Nets were without four starters, and it showed.  Brook Lopez , the lone remaining starter, had a solid game shooting the ball (11-17 for 27 points). By winning, the Knicks clinched a season sweep of their crosstown rivals for the first time since the lockout shortened 1998-99 season. QUOTABLE:  "There's not a preference for me, but at the same time six is always better than seven."   --  Anthony, waxing poetic about playoff seeding. THE STAT:  8-13. The Knicks started the game shooting 8-13 (61percent) from 3-point range, leaving the depleted Nets almost no chance of a comeback. TURNING POINT:  The eighth 3-pointer, by Billups, gave the Knicks a 13-point lead midway through the second quarter and kicked off a 9-0 run that put the game away. QUOTABLE II:  "We didn't do a good job of guarding the three-point line tonight. We had a couple of breakdowns defensively in terms of closing out the shooters. When they penetrated, we helped with too many guys, and didn't get backside rotations to their three point shooters. We went under on screens when we were supposed to go over; we just had a couple of breakdowns there that led to their high percentage shooting."   --  Nets coach  Avery Johnson  breaks down what went wrong defensively for his club. QUOTABLE III:  "Everybody chipped in and did their job. We were spacing the floor, Chauncey's running the whole show. It looks good. Hopefully, we can keep it up and hoping each day it gets a little bit better."   --  Knicks coach  Mike D'Antoni. INSIDE THE ARENA:  For Kids Night, an eleven-year-old name  DeAnte  introduced the Nets starting lineup. He didn't forget to mention the team's sponsorship with Vonage... Jay-Z  arrived midway through the first quarter and sat in his customary seat adjacent to the Nets bench... Spike Lee  sat courtside, wearing a bright orange-and-blue hat...A large fight broke out in section 226 during the fourth quarter... Ray Rice  of the Baltimore Ravens and  DJ Envy  attended the game. ROOKIE WATCH: Ben Uzoh  had an odd game (seven points and a career-high four blocks, all while shooting 1-6 from the free throw line). For the Knicks,  Landry Fields  rebounded well (eight total boards) in limited minutes. NOTABLE:  Lopez had ten points in the first five minutes. He and Anthony both finished the first frame with 14...Fields blocked a corner jumper from  Sasha Vujacic  and crashed into a courtside monitor while saving the ball. Anthony converted an and-one on the ensuing possession to give the Knicks a 28-22 first quarter lead... Jordan Farmar  hit  Derrick Brown  in the back with an errant pass early in the second quarter...Five Knicks finished in double figures. UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Sunday @ Indiana, Tuesday, vs. Chicago, Wednesday @ Boston. For the Nets, Sunday @ Toronto, Monday vs. Charlotte, Wednesday @ Chicago.  