  Sixers-Cavaliers notebook   By Mike Radano, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday December 7, 2010 10:28PM THE FACTS: Thaddeus Young  scored a game-high 26 points as the Sixers pounded the Cavaliers 117-97 at the Wells Fargo Center on Tuesday night. The Sixers (7-14) had seven players reach double figures in scoring as they won for the fifth consecutive time at home. The Cavaliers (7-14) extended their losing streak to five straight and have now lost nine of their last 11 dating back to a 101-93 win over the Sixers in Philly on Nov. 16. Neither team played much defense as the Sixers jumped out to a 66-54 halftime lead on the strength of 56.5 percent (26-for-46) shooting. The Cavaliers were actually better from the field as they shot 57.9 percent (22-38) in the first half. The Cavaliers were led by  J.J. Hickson ,   who had 19 points in the loss. QUOTABLE:  "He's been getting better and better every night. He had a nice interior presence for us. He's got that cocky part I thought he lost that in Sacramento and now he's getting resurrected." -  Sixers coach Doug Collins on the improved play of Sixers center Spencer Hawes, who finished with 10 points and 12 rebounds. THE STAT:  The Sixers set season highs for points in the first quarter (35) and in a half (66) as they took a commanding 66-54 lead into halftime. TURNING POINT:  Young hit a nine-foot jumper to give the Sixers a 24-22 lead with 2:45 left in the first quarter. The shot started a 13-4 run that resulted in a 35-26 lead after one quarter of play, one the Sixers would never surrender. QUOTABLE II:  "I didn't think the effort was much in the first half. We're just getting beat of the dribble like we're not even there. I don't know what it's going to take because as I stated at halftime, I'm pretty upset and I let the guys know that somewhere along the line, pride has to come into play. It's just has to. You can't keep getting beat like we keep getting beat off the dribble and letting teams down the lane for easy lay ups and nobody gets upset about it." - Cavaliers coach Byron Scott, on his team's poor effort over five consecutive losses. HOT:  Young has scored 20-plus points in each of his last two games after accomplishing the feat just once in the previous 19 games. He had a season-high 11 rebounds for his first double-double of the season after he had six in his first two seasons combined. NOT:  The Cavaliers have lost five consecutive games by an average of 22.2 points. Cleveland has lost by 20 or more points five times this season. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Hawes scored registered his first double-double of the season. The 7-foot-1 product of Washington has averaged 7.1 ppg over his last nine games. GUARD PLAY:   Jodie Meeks  continued his recent strong play with 16 points alongside  Jrue Holiday , who had 16 points with seven assists. BAD MOVE:  The Cavaliers took the day off after their 102-92 loss at Detroit on Sunday. It didn't help and  Antawn Jamison  joked with the local Cleveland Fox affiliate that he would have preferred to have gotten right back out on the court. Granted, the way the Cavaliers have played recently off day or not the result may not have changed. UP NEXT:  For Cleveland vs. Chicago (Wednesday), vs. at Houston (Saturday), at Oklahoma City (Sunday), at Miami (Dec. 15), at Indiana (Dec. 17). For Philadelphia vs. Boston (Thursday), vs. New Orleans (Sunday), at New Jersey (Dec. 14), vs. Los Angeles Clippers (Dec. 15), vs. Los Angeles Lakers (Dec. 17).  