  Suns-Cavs notebook   By Sam Amico, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday January 19, 2011 10:36PM THE FACTS:  Just when it seemed as if everyone was ready to write off the Phoenix Suns, they have a night like this. Actually, the Suns were far from great in Wednesday's 106-98 win at Cleveland -- but it was good enough, and more than anything, they made easy to believe the big picture is looking brighter.  Grant Hill  scored 27 points,  Steve Nash  had 15 points and 15 assists, and the Suns (19-21) won their fourth in a row, including three straight on the road. They also held off a couple of late charges by the Cavaliers (8-33), offering more evidence that the Suns are coming together at a pretty good time. QUOTABLE:  "Knowing [Cavs coach] Byron [Scott] the way I know Byron, every time you take a breather his guys will get back in the game. And that is a real testament to Byron."   --Suns coach  Alvin Gentry  on the Cavs cutting a 17-point deficit to three late in the game. THE STAT:  95.2 percent. That is what the Suns (20-for-21) shot from the free-throw line, an underrated reason why they were able to thwart every Cavaliers run. Hill went 7-for-7, Nash went 5-for-5 and  Marcin Gortat  (16 points off the bench) went 4-for-4. TURNING POINT:  Suns guard  Vince Carter  only made one basket, but it was perhaps the game's most important. It came with the Suns holding a 96-92 lead and 2:35 left in the game. Carter freed himself for an open look behind the 3-point arc in the left corner, and Nash (who else?) quickly hit him with a pass. Carter buried the shot and the Suns never led by less than six again. "We were struggling at the time," Gentry said. "So it was a big one." QUOTABLE II:  "We just have to figure out a way, when it's the fourth quarter, not to tense up."   -- Cavs coach  Byron Scott HOT:  Hill went 10-for-18 from the field and grabbed 12 rebounds. The 38-year old forward is averaging 24.3 points in the last three games. ... Suns big man  Channing Frye  finished with 18 points and four boards. ... Cavs power forward  J.J. Hickson  started at center, scoring 16 points and grabbing 15 rebounds. NOT:  The Cavs have lost 24 of 25 following a 7-9 start. That includes their six-game losing streak at home. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Gortat seems to be finding himself with his new team and is definitely worth a fantasy look. For the Cavs, guard  Ramon Sessions  (19 points, eight assists) continues to put up pretty good numbers. ROOKIE WATCH:  Cavs shooting guard  Manny Harris  received another start, finishing with 10 points on 3-for-6 shooting and staying active on defense. NOTABLE:  Phoenix is 8-19 when failing to score 110 points, but two of those wins have come against Cleveland. The Suns are 11-2 when they score 110 or more. ... The Cavs snapped a string of five straight games of allowing opponents to make at least 10 threes (the Suns were 6-for-19). The last time a team allowed six straight opponents to make at least 10 threes: 1986-87. ... The Cavs were without  Mo Williams , who re-injured his hip last week in Denver. He said he could be out "for a while." The team said there is no timetable for his return. UP NEXT:  For the Suns, Friday @ Washington, Saturday @ Detroit, Monday @ Philadelphia. For the Cavaliers, Friday vs. Milwaukee, Saturday @ Chicago, Monday @ New Jersey.  