  Bulls-Nets notebook   By Jake Appleman, for NBA.com Posted Thursday March 17, 2011 10:45PM THE FACTS:  In the battle of teams with the two longest winning streaks in the league, the Bulls outscored the Nets 15-4 down the stretch and came away with an 84-73 victory.  Derrick Rose  (21 points) and  Luol Deng  (19 points) led the way for the visitors. For the Nets,  Brook Lopez  (22 points, eight rebounds) and  Kris Humphries  (13 points, 16 rebounds, five blocks) had solid games, but an off night from the starting backcourt of  Deron Williams  and  Anthony Morrow  (4-for-22 combined from the field) made it an uphill climb. The team's 34.9 percent shooting was a combination of shots that spilled out, shots that didn't go down, and tough Bulls defense. QUOTABLE:  "We're still far away. We're still not a 48-minute team."    -- Derrick Rose, insisting that there improvements to be made before the playoffs THE STAT:  Both teams finished with 17 offensive rebounds, but it was the Bulls who seemed to make the most of theirs, milking clock and converting second chance opportunities (23 second-chance points to the Nets' 18). TURNING POINT:  Down 71-69 late in the fourth quarter, Williams stole the ball from Rose and pushed the other way in transition. Unfortunately for the Nets, he floated a soft feed to Morrow in the corner. It was a tough angle and Rose picked the pass off, racing the other way at breakneck speed for a layup. The four-point lead was all the security the Bulls would need. "Coach always tells us to run late in the game," Rose said, when asked about the layup. QUOTABLE II:  "If you would have told me we would hold one of the best teams in the Eastern Conference defensively, we would have taken it."    -- Nets coach  Avery Johnson , on holding the Bulls to 40.7 percent shooting and losing FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Williams had 11 assists, but his poor shooting (1-for-12) may have something to do with his nagging wrist injury. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Rapper  Bow Wow  sat courtside ... UFC fighter  Matt Hamill  was shown on the Jumbotron. ROOKIE WATCH:   Omer Asik  (11 points, career-high 16 rebounds and a few emphatic dunks) was a game-changing menace for Chicago while  Damion James  (six points, five rebounds) was solid in his return from a concussion. NOTABLE:  The Bulls wore green Saint Patrick's Day uniforms...Rose was serenaded with "M-V-P" chants...Late in the second quarter, Humphries rose to block Asik's dunk at the height of his jump. Two minutes later, he did the same thing to Joakim Noah...Rose only managed three total assists in his two trips to Newark...The victory was the eighth consecutive for Chicago and marked their longest streak since 2005. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Friday @ Indiana, Monday vs. Sacramento, Tuesday @ Atlanta. For the Nets, Friday @ Milwaukee, Sunday @ Washington, Monday vs. Indiana.  