Notebook: Bucks 94, Lakers 79 
 
 
 Dan Arritt, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Jan 01, 2014 2:05 AM - Updated Wed Jan 01, 2014 2:05 AM 
 
 THE FACT:   Bucks point guard  Brandon Knight  established a career-high point total for the second time in December, finishing with 37 points against the Lakers. 
 
 THE LEAD:   Two banged-up, beaten-down teams got together for the final NBA game of 2013, both looking to end the year on a high note while setting their sights on better times in the future. The Los Angeles Lakers will have to wait a while longer after stumbling out of the gate early against the visiting Milwaukee Bucks, who posted a 94-79 victory at Staples Center.  
 
 QUOTABLE:   "When [Knight] plays like that, it makes us an aggressive ballclub. He made some very aggressive moves." 
 -- Milwaukee coach  Larry Drew 
 
 
 THE STAT:   The Bucks, who came in with a league-worst 6-24 record, won their first game against a Western Conference opponent this season. 
 
 TURNING POINT:   After an embarrassingly miserable start for the Lakers,  Pau Gasol  scored the first four points of the second half to make it a five-point game. That was as close as the Lakers would get, however, as  Luke Ridnour  answered with his only 3-pointer in six tries and Knight scored eight points in a 67-second span to quickly extend the lead back to double figures. The Lakers cut the deficit back to single digits just once more, on a free throw by Gasol with 2:54 left in the game to make it 86-77, but the Bucks had four tries on the other end before  Ersan Ilysasova  scored on the fifth, ending any rush of optimism.  
 
 HOT:   Knight came to Milwaukee last summer in a trade that sent  Brandon Jennings  to the Pistons ... and even Jennings must be interested in how his replacement is performing since he attended the game during a five-day break for Detroit. Knight shot 15-for-25 from the field while also collecting eight rebounds. Knight, who set his previous career high of 36 points Dec. 18 against the Knicks, scored 18 points in the third quarter on 8-for-12 shooting. 
 
 NOT:   The Lakers made things a lot easier for the Bucks by missing their first 11 field-goal attempts. Gasol finally sank a jumper from the top of the key with 5:07 remaining to end the 14-0 burst by Milwaukee but the crowd was already making party plans. L.A. finished the night 35.8 percent from the floor, including 33.3 from the starting five. Gasol and  Nick Young  scored 25 points apiece, but combined to take 44 of L.A.'s 81 field-goal attempts. During the Lakers' current season-long six-game losing streak, they've lost to the team with the worst record in the East (Bucks), the worst record in the West (Jazz) and the second-worst record in the East (76ers).   
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Milwaukee's Drew penciled in his league-high 18th different starting lineup this season, moving Ridnour into the starting unit at shooting guard, shuffling  Giannis Antetokoun  to small forward and bringing  Khris Middleton  off the bench. The Lakers were already thin in the backcourt with injuries to  Kobe Bryant ,  Steve Nash ,  Steve Blake  and  Xavier Henry , so the move gave the Bucks one more ball-handler and long-distance gunner to frustrate the Lakers. Ridnour didn't shoot the ball very well from deep but still finished with 11 points and helped contain L.A.'s starting guards to four points on 2-for-14 shooting. 
 
 BAD MOVE:   Add starting point guard  Jordan Farmar  to the list of injured for the Lakers. Farmar missed 10 games earlier in December with a strained hamstring and felt tightness against the Bucks before departing late in the first half. Farmar is expected to have an ultrasound on the leg Wednesday before the Lakers can determine how long he might be out. Farmar had struggled with his offense since his return anyway, shooting 27.8 percent from the field.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:   "We are down at the bottom." 
 -- Lakers coach  Mike D'Antoni 
 
 
 NOTABLE:   When Gasol broke the Bucks' 14-0 run to start the game, he also passed  Pete Maravich  for 100th on the all-time NBA scoring list with 15,949 points. ... Neither team attempted a free throw until 1:07 remained in the first half, and the Bucks didn't take their first foul shot until midway through the third quarter. ...   Shawne Williams  led the Lakers with 11 rebounds, giving him back-to-back games in double figures for the first time in his career. 
 
 UP NEXT:   For the Lakers, Friday vs. Utah, Sunday vs. Denver, Tuesday @ Dallas. For the Bucks, Thursday @ Utah, Saturday @ Phoenix, Tuesday vs. Golden State.  
