
 Grizzlies-Suns notebook   By Mike Tulumello, for NBA.com  Posted Saturday November 6, 2010 2:20AM THE FACTS:   Jason Richardson  scored 38 points, including a tip-in to beat the final buzzer in regulation, as the Phoenix Suns pulled out a dramatic 123-118 double overtime win over the visiting Memphis Grizzlies.  Steve Nash  added 25 points, including nine in the second overtime. For the Grizzlies,  Marc Gasol  had 26 points.  Zach Randolph , in his first game since the season opener, had 12 points and 14 boards.  David Joerger  coached in place of  Lionel Hollins,  who missed the game to attend the funeral of former teammate Maurice Lucas. QUOTABLE:  "I will never, ever make the next birthday if we go though the season like that."    -- Suns coach  Alvin Gentry,  who turned 56 on the night the Suns pulled out a miraculous win. THE STAT : The Suns outrebounded the bigger Grizzlies 55-48, a rare win on the boards for them. TURNING POINT:  The Grizzlies had the game almost certainly won in the final second of regulation, but  Rudy Gay  inexplicably missed a chance to end it with a missed free throw. Up 99-97 with .4 of a second left, Gay could have banged his final free throw off the rim, leaving the Suns without enough time to rebound and throw up a length-of-court shot. Gay swished the free throw. Afterward, Gay said he tried to miss, yet he tossed up the shot with perfect arc. So the Suns called timeout and got the ball in the frontcourt. They designed a play where Hill threw a lob for Richardson, who leaped and tipped the ball in just before the buzzer. That sent the game to overtime. QUOTABLE II:  "I tried to rim it off the front."    -- Gay on his made free throw that ended up losing the game. HOT:  Grizzlies center Marc Gasol hit 12-of-13 shots for 26 points. NOT:  Suns center  Channing Frye , who was shooting 32 percent heading into the game, shot 0-for-6. Frye, though, gave the Suns rebounding (11) and defense, especially late. GOOD MOVE:  Gentry stuck with the struggling  Hedo Turkoglu  as a starter and the new Sun came through with his first good game. He finished with 18 points. BAD MOVE : With .4 seconds left, up 99-97, Gay missed then hit a free throw instead of the other way around. NOTABLE:  The Suns trio of centers,  Robin Lopez,  Frye and rookie Garret Siler scored one point -- yes, one point -- in a combined 55 minutes. UP NEXT:  For the Grizzlies, Saturday vs. Kings, Monday vs. Suns, Wednesday vs. Mavericks. For the Suns, Sunday @ Atlanta, Monday @ Grizzlies, Friday vs. Kings. 
