  Notebook: Thunder 92, Sixers 88 Posted Wednesday February 29, 2012 10:35PM By Andy Jasner, for NBA.com THE FACTS: Kevin Durant  scored 23 points,  Russell Westbrook  contributed 22 points and a season-high 13 rebounds and the Oklahoma City Thunder won their sixth straight game with a 92-88 victory over the Philadelphia 76ers Wednesday night at the Wells Fargo Center.  James Harden  also sparked the Thunder with 16 points and eight rebounds off the bench. The Thunder improved to 28-7 and an impressive 13-6 on the road. Jrue Holiday  and  Andre Iguodala  led the Sixers with 18 points each.  Thaddeus Young  added 16 but it wasn't enough as Philadelphia dropped its fourth in a row at home. The Sixers fell to 21-15 overall and 13-7 at home. QUOTABLE:  "It was sloppy at times but we stuck together and hung tight."   -- Thunder coach  Scott   Brooks . THE STAT:  The Sixers went cold in the fourth quarter as they missed 11 straight shots from 5:32 until Iguodala hit a 3-pointer with 5.9 seconds left. TURNING POINT:  Oklahoma City took control when the Sixers missed those 11 straight field goals in the fourth. Any momentum the Sixers had quickly vanished with each miss. HOT:  Harden was 4-for-9 but knocked down both of his shots in the fourth. Those were two huge baskets when the Thunder needed them desperately. NOT: Lavoy Allen  and  Evan Turner  each went 0-for-3 for the Sixers. QUOTABLE II:  "From the point guard position, it's just amazing."   -- Harden, on Westbrook's season-high 13 rebounds, including seven off the offensive glass. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Westbrook not only had 22 points and 13 rebounds, but he also had four assists and one steal. He was 8-for-8 from the free throw line. INSIDE THE ARENA:  The large crowd of 19,746 was buzzing all night. It reached a fever pitch in the fourth as the game came down to the waning seconds. QUOTABLE III:  "We've got to do a better job rebounding. Teams have really taken it to us on the offensive glass."   -- Iguodala, on the Sixers being outrebounded 56-39. GOOD MOVE:  Brooks called on reserve  Royal Ivey  to guard Williams at times. Ivey did a stellar job and forced Williams into some very difficult shots. Williams finished 3-for-11. BAD MOVE:  The Sixers stalled in their halfcourt offense down the stretch when points were difficult. They probably could have gone to the basket more often. ROOKIE WATCH:  Thunder guard  Reggie Jackson  scored two points in nearly 12 minutes. Forward  Ryan Reid  didn't play. For the Sixers, Allen started once again at center and went scoreless with two rebounds. Forward  Nikola Vucevic  had two points and four rebounds. NOTABLE:  Durant and Turner each received technical fouls with 36.2 seconds remaining in the second quarter. They had to be separated following some pushing and shoving. ... Thunder center  Kendrick Perkins  also received a technical with 4:22 left in regulation for shoving Brand. ... The Thunder continue to lead the league in blocked shots. They entered Wednesday's game at Philadelphia averaging 7.88 per game yet had only four against the Sixers. ... Westbrook has scored at least 20 points in 20 of the last 25 games. ...  Elton Brand  earned his seventh double-double this season with 10 points and 10 rebounds. ... The Sixers were outrebounded 56-39, marking the seventh time they have been outrebounded by double figures this season and the fifth time this month. ... Over the past five games, opponents have made 102 free throws while the Sixers have attempted 66. The Thunder made 26 while the Sixers attempted just 12. ... Westbrook's point-rebound double-double was his second of the season. NEXT:  For the Thunder, Thursday @ Orlando, Saturday @ Atlanta, Monday vs. Dallas. For the Sixers, Friday vs. Golden State, Sunday vs. Chicago, Monday @ Milwaukee.  