  Nuggets-Sixers Notebook   By Andy Jasner, for NBA.com Posted Sunday January 30, 2011 9:39PM THE FACTS:   Andre Iguodala  played one of his finest all-around games of the entire season with 24 points, seven assists, four steals and three rebounds -- not to mention fabulous defense on  Carmelo Anthony  -- as the Sixers earned a hard-fought 110-99 victory over the Nuggets on Sunday.  Thaddeus Young  scored 21 points off the bench and the Sixers finished their second straight month with a winning record. That hasn't happened since February and March of 2008. Six Philadelphia players scored in double figures and the team shot 55 percent from the field.  Chauncey Billups  led the Nuggets with 27 points, but he was scoreless in nearly four minutes in the fourth quarter.  J.R. Smith  scored 23 points while Anthony was ineffective with 12 points on 3-of-12 shooting to go along with six turnovers. After the game, Anthony said both knees were quite sore. Denver had been 3-0 on a five-game road trip before this loss. QUOTABLE:  "In the first quarter, I felt good. The second quarter, just sitting out for nine or 10 straight minutes, my knees tightened up on me. I wasn't really able to find my rhythm. No excuses, though."  -  Anthony , on the loss THE STAT : The Sixers committed only 11 turnovers in the game. They had 11 alone in the fourth quarter of Friday's loss to the Grizzlies. TURNING POINT:  The Sixers learned a major lesson: how to close out a game. Instead of giving away a double-figure lead in the fourth quarter, the Sixers kept the pressure on and broke open a relatively close game in the final six minutes. Denver was within 89-82 with 8:52 left, but the Sixers played smart basketball from that point. HOT : Young hit 10 of his 12 shots and seemed to thrive in this fast-paced game. NOT :  Shelden Williams  played 15 minutes and misfired on all three shots for Denver. QUOTABLE II:  "He wasn't going to let us lose."  - Sixers coach  Doug Collins ,  on Iguodala FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Billups not only gets to the free throw line, but he also connects. A 91 percent free throw shooter entering the game, Billups was 7-for-7. He also added five assists and three rebounds. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Anthony's only appearance at the Wells Fargo Center was enough to see much of the upper sections filled for this game. Since the Nuggets play such an entertaining style, the crowd was treated to a thrilling game. QUOTABLE III:  "We pushed back from their initial push. Then we got a lead and took control of the game."  - Sixers forward  Elton Brand GOOD MOVE:  Philadelphia kept attacking the basket and didn't just settle for jumpers down the stretch. That was a problem two nights ago when the Sixers let a 21-point lead whittle away in the second half. This was a different story because the Sixers drove to the basket and were rewarded with free throws. BAD MOVE:  The Nuggets got within seven points midway through the fourth and Smith was whistled for a technical foul. Smith had his shot blocked and he complained enough to get the technical. Nuggets coach  George Karl  just put his hands over his eyes because he understood how a play like that could alter his team's momentum. ROOKIE WATCH :  Evan Turner , the Sixers' No. 2 overall pick from Ohio State, continues to improve even when his shot isn't falling from the outside. Turner had 11 points, eight rebounds and six assists, and he was on the court during crunch time. Nuggets rookie  Gary Forbes  finished with two points off the bench. NOTABLE:  How about the differential in points in the paint? The Sixers had 50 compared to just 22 for the Nuggets. DID YOU NOTICE:  Anthony received a technical foul after the first half ended for throwing his head band into the crowd. NEXT:  For the Nuggets, Monday @ New Jersey, Wednesday vs. Portland, Friday vs. Utah. For the Sixers, Wednesday @ New Jersey, Friday vs. New York, Sunday @ New York.  