  Wizards-Nets notebook   By Jake Appleman, for NBA.com Posted Thursday December 16, 2010 10:30PM THE FACTS:  Led by an efficient night from  Brook Lopez  and  Kris Humphries , along with some much needed aggression from  Devin Harris , the Nets beat the Wizards 97-89 at the Prudential Center.  Nick Young  popped off the bench to lead the Wizards with 22 points. QUOTABLE:  "He understands that he has a huge responsibility, and he had a team meeting with the guys and they responded."    -- Nets coach  Avery Johnson  on Devin Harris' leadership role on the Nets.  THE STAT:  In a game that saw 62 fouls called between the two teams, Humphries and Lopez combined for 30 points and 22 rebounds, needing only 19 combined shots from the field to do so. TURNING POINT:   Quinton Ross  grabbed a loose-ball rebound and  Gilbert Arenas  fouled Harris, who sank two free throws to put the Nets up 92-87 with 29.5 seconds remaining. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Soul Train clips are becoming a staple on the Jumbotron at the Prudential Center...The song "Informer" by Snow often plays over the loudspeakers at the Prudential Center when  Jordan Farmar  impacts the box score...A virtual snowball fight between Nets players took place on the Jumbotron. ROOKIE WATCH:  No. 1 Draft choice  John Wall  (knee tendinitis) did not play for the Wizards while third pick  Derrick Favors  (four points, five rebounds) struggled with foul trouble. NOTABLE:  The Nets jumped out to a 13-4 first-quarter lead in the first six minutes with every starter except for Humphries scoring ... When  Hamady N'Diaye  checked in, a few Wizards fans in attendance serenaded him and waved a Senegalese flag in tribute... Arenas hit  Trevor Booker  in the back of the head with a soft pass in transition late in the second quarter... Both starting centers (Lopez and  Javale McGee ) battled foul trouble for much of the night...  Ben Uzoh  made  Kirk Hinrich  fall down with a spin dribble sequence late in the third quarter..."Use that body!" Humphries declared in frustration when  Stephen Graham  fouled  Al Thornton  with 7.8 seconds remaining in the third quarter. 7.2 seconds later, Humphries was at the stripe, shooting two shots after getting fouled on a tip-in attempt. He missed both... Ross started for the Nets and grabbed six rebounds in the first six minutes. He also pitched in a season-high five points... Both teams turned the ball over 20 times. UP NEXT:  For the Wizards, Saturday vs. Charlotte, Monday vs. Charlotte, Wednesday vs. Chicago. For the Nets, Friday @ Toronto, Sunday vs. Atlanta, Tuesday @ Memphis.  