  Notebook: Heat 129, Bobcats 90   By Shandel Richardson, for NBA.com Posted Sunday January 1, 2012 9:35PM THE FACTS:  The Miami Heat defeated the Charlotte Bobcats 129-90 Sunday at AmericanAirlines Arena. The Heat fell just short of their third 40-point victory in franchise history. Forward  Chris Bosh  led the Heat with 24 points and 10 rebounds. Guard  Dwyane Wade  added 22 points and six assists while forward  LeBron James  had 16 points, nine rebounds and five assists. The blowout victory comes just days after the Heat escaped the Bobcats in Charlotte with a 96-95 victory on Wade's last-second basket. That wasn't the case in the rematch. The Heat led from start to finish, holding double-digit leads for most of the game. D.J. White  led Charlotte with 21 points. The Heat's 129 points were the most by an NBA team this season. QUOTABLE:  "We came into the game with a very heightened sense of having the ability to concentrate. It speaks to our guys' professionalism."   -- Heat coach  Erik Spoelstra THE STAT:  The Heat shot 60 percent from the field, including 7 of 11 from 3-point range. TURNING POINT:  Can we just say the opening tip-off? The Heat dominated this game from the start. They scored the first six points and never looked back. It was a complete change from when the teams met last. HOT:     Bosh led the Heat with 24 points and 10 rebounds and two steals. It was Bosh's third consecutive strong game since struggling against the Dallas Mavericks in the season-opener. NOT:  Bobcats forward  Corey Maggette  shot 0-for-6 from the field and was a non-factor. Maggette played just 19 minutes and finished with just two points. GOOD MOVE:   Spoelstra  has kept confidence in point guard  Mario Chalmers . It hasn't been easy for Chalmers with all the attention going to rookie  Norris Cole , but Chalmers turned in his most solid performance of the season. BAD MOVE:  Charlotte coach  Paul Silas  failed to take advantage of the struggles of the Heat's Big Three. James and Bosh both had subpar games, yet the Bobcats still trailed by double-digits. NOTABLE:   Wade surpassed the 14,000-point total for his career. He is just 14th active player to accomplish the feat. Wade also made his 3,500th assist. The Heat is 5-0 for the first time in franchise history. UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Monday vs. Hawks, Wednesday vs. Pacers, Thursday @ Hawks. For the Bobcats, Tuesday @ Cavaliers, Wednesday @ Knicks, Friday vs. Hawks.  