  Magic-Pacers notebook   By John Oehser, for NBA.com Posted Saturday November 20, 2010 10:38PM THE FACTS:   Dwight Howard  scored 25 points and had a huge fourth quarter in the Orlando Magic's 90-86 victory over the Indiana Pacers in Indianapolis Saturday. Howard, after scoring 11 points in the first three quarters, scored 14 in the fourth quarter and had two critical defensive plays to help hold off Indiana, which rallied from a seven-point fourth-quarter deficit before falling just short. Forward  James Posey 's 3-pointer gave Indiana its only lead of the fourth quarter with 45.6 remaining, but Magic guard  Jameer Nelson 's 3-point play on the ensuing possession gave Orlando the lead for good. After Posey missed a 3-pointer on the ensuing possession,  Vince Carter  sealed the victory with two free throws for the magic with 9.8 seconds remaining. The Magic are 9-3. The Pacers are 5-6. QUOTABLE:  "We had to grind it out. It was very tough down the stretch to make shots, but we kept fighting."   -- Dwight Howard THE STAT:   Rashard Lewis  shot 3-for-3 in the first half -- 2-for-2 from 3-point range -- and that was only a warmup to his second half. Lewis' eight first-half points kept the Magic close, then he shot 5-for-6 in the third quarter, including 3-for-4 from 3-point range, for 13 of 21 points. This didn't bury Indiana, but it allowed Orlando to take control in the third quarter, and the Magic led 71-66 entering the fourth. TURNING POINT:  The Pacers played strong through the fourth quarter, taking an 86-85 lead on a 3-point field goal by Posey with 45.6 seconds remaining, but the turning point really was the play of Howard throughout the fourth. After scoring six points in the first half, he shot 5-for-8 and had six rebounds and two blocked shots in the fourth quarter. He had a steal and each of his blocked shots came in the final three minutes. QUOTABLE II:  "We're in a maturation mode. We are learning more every day. When teams play us, they have to respect us and know we will be ready to play."   -- Pacers guard  T.J. Ford . HOT:  Pacers center  Roy Hibbert  has been developing rapidly early in the season, but few would have expected his first half against Howard. Hibbert outscored Howard 17-6 and went 8-for-14 from the field. He also outrebounded Howard 5-2 and had two assists with just one turnover. He finished with 19 points and 10 rebounds for his fifth double-double of the season. NOT:  The Pacers must shoot well to win most games, particularly against teams such as Orlando. The Pacers' backcourt of  Mike Dunleavy  and Ford struggled much of the game, and partly as a result, while the Pacers pushed Orlando, they didn't have quite enough at the end. Dunleavy shot 4-for-12 and Ford shot 5-for-14 to finish with 10 points each. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Pacers forward  Brandon Rush  has been hot and cold at times in his career, but he was key to the Pacers staying close Saturday. He show 6-for-11 and although he was just 1-for-4 from 3-point range, he finished with 14 points and three rebounds. GOOD MOVE:  The Magic managed to get Hibbert in foul trouble early in the second half. He played just 10:38 in the final two quarters and got just two shots after scoring 17 points and out-playing Howard in the first. "I've got to do a better job keeping myself in the game," Hibbert said. NOTABLE:  The Magic are the No. 1 defensive team in the NBA and they showed it Saturday. Indiana was held to less than 90 points for just the second time this season. The Magic have held six of 12 opponents to less than 90 points, including the last three. ... The Pacers played a third consecutive game without starting point guard  Darren Collison  (ankle). He is expected back Monday at Miami. ... The Pacers' 14 points in the third period tied their low for a quarter this season. They had 54 in the third quarter against Denver November 9. UP NEXT:  For the Magic, Monday at San Antonio, Wednesday vs. Miami, Friday vs. Cleveland. For the Pacers, Monday at Miami, Tuesday vs. Cleveland, Friday vs. Oklahoma City.  