Notebook: Spurs 100, Raptors 80 
 
 
 Tim Price, For NBA.com 
 
Posted Thu Dec 27, 2012 12:14 AM - Updated Thu Dec 27, 2012 12:14 AM 
 
 THE FACTS: Tim Duncan  scored 15 points in 27 minutes and  Manu Ginobili  came off the bench for 14 points as the Spurs defeated Toronto 100-80 and snapped the Raptors' five-game winning streak Wednesday night at AT&T Center. 
 The story for San Antonio (22-8) was defense. The Spurs recorded their best defensive half this season when they were ahead 44-37 over the Raptors at halftime after limiting Dallas to 39 points in the second half of their previous game on Sunday. 
 The Raptors (9-20) were playing without starters  Andrea Bargnani  (right elbow and wrist ligament tears),  Kyle Lowry  (right triceps partial tear) and  Jonas Valanciunas  (right ring finger fracture). Valanciunas was injured Friday and is expected to miss at least four weeks. 
 None of the Toronto starters hit double figures.  Alan Anderson  and  Amir Johnson  both came off the bench to score 12 points apiece. 
 
 QUOTABLE : "I don't think there's a secret or something that [coach  Gregg Popovich ] talked about. We just came out more aggressive [in the second half] and realized we didn't play well the first half. We were a little flat and we needed to pick it up, play a little faster."  
 -- Manu Ginobili 
 
 THE STAT : The teams were almost deadlocked in shooting from the floor (San Antonio hit 34 shots to Toronto's 33 and led Toronto 8-7 in 3-pointers made), but San Antonio outscored Toronto 24-7 from the free-throw line. The previous season low in foul shots for the Raptors was a 9-for-12 night in late November at Houston. 
 
 TURNING POINT : The Raptors trailed by only four with four minutes left in the third quarter after Johnson hit a mid-range jumper. But the Raptors weren't able to get anyone other than Johnson involved in the offense, as they took only two more shots the next three and a half minutes -- both from Johnson -- and the Spurs went on a 13-2 run to go up by 15. 
 
 QUOTABLE II : "[DeMar DeRozan] didn't score much. You never know. Maybe he just had one of those nights where he wasn't feeling it, but it's better than the 25 he usually scores on us. We're thrilled with that."  
 -- Greg Popovich 
 
 HOT : Johnson came into the game hitting 15-for-23 from the floor in his last four games for Toronto. He started 6-for-6 tonight before missing his final two. 
 
 NOT : The Toronto starting backcourt of  Jose Calderon  and DeRozan went 6-for-18 compared to 7-for-14 for San Antonio's  Tony Parker  and  Danny Green . 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT: Kawhi Leonard  missed a double-double for San Antonio by scoring nine and grabbing 10 rebounds (11 is his career high). He's scored in double figures in two of his three games since returning from an 18-game absence due to a tendonitis injury. 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA : Members of both the Oregon State and Texas football teams had upper-deck seats as both squads are in town for the Alamo Bowl, which will be played Saturday night at the Alamodome. 
 
 GOOD MOVE : DeRozan almost helped defeat the Spurs in the first game between the two teams this season by scoring 29 points. Leonard, who missed that game, saw a lot of DeRozan in this one and limited him to eight points off 3-for-9 shooting. 
 
 BAD MOVE : Raptors coach  Dwane Casey  thought about starting Johnson in Valanciunas' place but went with  Aaron Gray  instead. The Raptors lacked any offensive punch from the start with Johnson sitting, and the Spurs started heading to the free-throw line right off the bat when Gray picked up three fouls in the first seven and a half minutes. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH :  Terrence Ross  hit three of his first four shots for Toronto and finished 5-for-10 with 11 points in 26 minutes. 
 
 NOTABLE: Landry Fields  (two points, two rebounds and two turnovers in 18 ½ minutes) saw his first action for Toronto since surgery on the ulnar nerve in his right hand and wrist sidelined him from the active list for 20 games starting Nov. 10. ... With Valanciunas out, Gray got his first start of the season and saw his first action after sitting the past five games. 
 
 UP NEXT : For the Raptors, Friday @ New Orleans, Saturday @ Orlando, Wednesday vs. Portland. For the Spurs, Friday vs. Houston, Sunday @ Dallas, Monday vs. Brooklyn. 
