  Sixers-Celtics notebook   By Brian Robb, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday April 5, 2011 11:25PM THE FACTS:  The Boston Celtics held the Philadelphia 76ers to just 32 points in the second half, enabling the hosts to pull away for a comfortable 99-82 victory.  Rajon Rondo  energized the C's in the potential Eastern Conference first-round preview with 16 points and 13 assists, while  Paul Pierce  had a team-high 18 points. Philadelphia kept the game tight in the opening 24 minutes, but could not recover after a nearly six-minute scoring drought to start the third quarter. Rookie  Evan Turner  proved to be the lone bright spot for the 76ers with a game-high 21 points in the setback. QUOTABLE:  "We want all of these games. Playoffs is like the main course, this will definitely be an appetizer."  --  Kevin Garnett THE STAT:  Boston's stifling defense forced Philadelphia to shoot just 28.6 percent (12-for-42) from the field in the second half. TURNING POINT:   Andre Iguodala  had a chance to cut the Sixers' deficit to seven points at the charity stripe with just four seconds remaining in the third quarter. Iguodala missed the freebie however, and Rondo took advantage, racing up the floor with the ball for a buzzer-beating floater as the period expired. The clutch shot pushed the Celtics' lead to 10 and the momentum carried over to the final frame for the victors. QUOTABLE II:  "We ran up against a team that played probably as well as they've played in a long time. When they play like that, it should make  Doc [Rivers]  smile because they're one of the best teams in the league."   -- Philadelphia coach  Doug Collins HOT:   Jeff Green  -- Facing criticism from Rivers before the game for his lack of aggressiveness and rebounding, Boston's midseason addition stepped up his game in the fourth quarter of this contest. Green made all three of his baskets in the period, and grabbed five rebounds. The swingman finished with eight points and a team-high seven boards. NOT:   Spencer Hawes  -- The former Sacramento center struggled all night against a revamped and relatively healthy Celtic front line, missing 11 of his first 12 shots from the field. Hawes finished 3-of-14 overall and scored just six points in the loss. INSIDE THE ARENA:  One lucky fan hit a half-court shot at halftime to take home a $25,000 dollar prize. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  By breaking out of a late-season slump, Rondo has returned to his aggressive roots as a dual threat with the basketball in his hands. After tonight's output, the point guard is averaging a double-double with 15.4 points and 10.8 assists in his past five games. ROOKIE WATCH:  With sixth man  Lou Williams  sidelined with a strained right hamstring, Turner found himself back in Collins' rotation for the first time in weeks. The second overall draft pick did not disappoint, carrying the 76ers' offense for the final three quarters on the offensive end. Turner tied a career high with nine field goals made, and also chipped in with five assists and three rebounds, making a strong case to stay in Philadelphia rotation in the weeks to come. NOTABLE:   Antonio Daniels  made his debut for the 76ers after signing a 10-day contract earlier in the day. The 36-year-old point guard had two points in nine minutes of action.  Nenad Krstic  had a strong return to the floor after missing the past two games with a bone bruise in his right knee. The center posted eight points and six rebounds in 18 minutes. The game had 19 lead changes, all of them coming in the first half. Boston improved to 23-1 at home against Eastern Conference opponents. The loss, combined with a win by New York over Toronto, reduced the Sixers' lead for the No. 6 seed in the Eastern Conference to just a half-game over the Knicks. Boston pulled even with the idle Miami Heat for the No. 2 seed with the win.  Jrue Holliday  scored 11 points in the first quarter, but did not score for the remainder of the game, missing his final eight shots from the field. The Celtics led by as many as 21 points in the fourth quarter. UP NEXT:  For the 76ers, Wednesday vs. New York, Friday vs. Toronto, Monday vs. Orlando. For the Celtics, Thursday @ Chicago, Friday vs. Washington, Sunday @ Miami.  