Notebook: Nets 107, Pistons 105 
 
 
 Jake Appleman, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:04 AM - Updated Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:30 AM 
 
 THE FACTS: Joe Johnson's  buzzer-beating jumper lifted the Nets to a 107-105 double overtime victory over the Pistons. Johnson scored 28 points and his floater in the lane sent the game into its second overtime.  Gerald Wallace  (25 points, 10 rebounds) contributed timely baskets and lived up to his "Crash" nickname.  Brandon Knight  led the Pistons with 22 points.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "When I shot it, when it left my hand, I knew it was going in."  --  Johnson .   
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Pistons managed to get back in the game on the strength of their offensive rebounding. For the game, they scored 28 second chance points to only 12 for the Nets.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  Johnson's buzzer-beater sent everyone home after fifty eight minutes of basketball.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "You can point to a number of plays and say it was the reason we lost."  --  Pistons center  Greg Monroe  (17 points, eight rebounds) who missed a pair of costly free throws near the end of the second overtime.  
 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  The Nets honored the victims of the shooting tragedy in Newton, Connecticut with a moment of silence before the game. ... Comedian  Jerry Seinfeld  attended the game.  
 
 ROOKIE WATCH: Kyle Singler  (Eight points, eight rebounds) and  Andre Drummond  (Eight points, nine rebounds) made solid contributions for the Pistons. Singler's layup set up the stage for Johnson's game winner.   
 
 NOTABLE:  Knight scored 20 points or more for the fifth straight game. ... In his return from a foot sprain,  Brook Lopez  scored nine points and grabbed four rebounds in 23-plus minutes of action. Playing on a minute count, Lopez did not see time in either overtime. The Nets did not disclose Lopez's status for Saturday night's game in Chicago, but Lopez said he felt good. "I felt very good there with no problem," he said. The Nets were 2-5 in Lopez's absence, the two wins bookending a five-game losing streak.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Pistons, Saturday vs. Indiana, Monday vs. LA Clippers, Wednesday @ Toronto. For the Nets, Saturday @ Chicago, Tuesday vs. Utah, Wednesday @ New York.     
