Notebook: Bulls 115, Cavaliers 86 
 
 
 Brian Dulik, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Nov 03, 2012 12:18 AM - Updated Sat Nov 03, 2012 12:18 AM 
 
 THE FACTS:  Point guard  Nate Robinson  collected 16 points and a game-high 12 assists off the bench as the Chicago Bulls led from wire-to-wire in a 115-86 rout of the Cleveland Cavaliers. Shooting guard  Richard Hamilton  and power forward  Carlos Boozer  each scored 19 points to pace visiting Chicago, which is off to a 2-0 start for the first time since the 2002-2003 season. Reigning NBA Rookie of the Year Kyrie Irving had 15 points for the Cavaliers, who also got 12 points apiece from center  Anderson Varejao  and small forward  Alonzo Gee . 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "A blind man could have seen how hot he was tonight. All you heard was his name (being announced after baskets), 'Rip Hamilton, Rip Hamilton.' He got us all going. All we had to do was get him the ball."
-- Bulls point guard  Nate Robinson 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Bulls shot 63.8 percent from the floor, including 73.7 percent in the first quarter and 66.7 percent in the first half. Chicago's starting lineup of Hamilton, Boozer, center Joakim Noah, small forward Luol Deng, and point guard Kirk Hinrich set the tone by making 27-of-41 field goal attempts (65.9 percent). "We ran the floor well and played inside-out to set up open shots tonight," Chicago coach Tom Thibodeau said. "When a guy got going, they searched him out a little bit." 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Chicago scored 11 straight points, capped by a Robinson deep 3-pointer, to take a commanding 39-16 lead with 9:57 left in the second period. The Cavaliers missed all six of their shots during the run, three of which came off the ice-cold hands of power forward Luke Walton, who was booed off the court by the Quicken Loans Arena crowd. "Tonight wasn't a big-time effort from us," Cleveland coach Byron Scott said. "We'll see how we react to it tomorrow." 
 
 QUOTABLE II : "Guys, that's what you call a good, old-fashioned butt whipping. I thought we were going through the motions. You can't play the Chicago Bulls going through the motions. They're just too good."
-- Cavaliers coach  Byron Scott 
 
 
 HOT:  The Bulls have won eight straight games over the Cavaliers, last losing on March 19, 2010 -- late in LeBron James' final season with Cleveland. ... Robinson only needed 27 minutes to ring up a double-double and was 7-for-9 shooting. ... Hamilton is averaging a team-high 19.0 points at age 34. ... Boozer led Chicago with seven rebounds and dished out six assists. ... Through two games, Varejao ranks first on the Cavaliers with 28 rebounds, 11 rebounds and two blocked shots. The mop-topped Brazilian is averaging 10.5 points, shooting .533 from the field, and is perfect on five free throw attempts. 
 
 NOT:  The Cavaliers' last four losses to Chicago have come by an average margin of 30.2 points, despite Bulls superstar point guard  Derrick Rose  not playing in three of them. ... Irving made four turnovers in the first quarter. ... Cleveland rookie center  Tyler Zeller  committed three fouls in his first four minutes on the floor. ... Cavaliers swingman  C.J. Miles  -- the team's biggest free agent acquisition over the summer -- missed eight of his 11 field goal tries and is 4-for-16 on the season. ... Bulls power forward  Vladimir Radmanovic  was the final player on either team to enter the game, doing so with 2:35 to play. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "In the third quarter, I decided to get a little more aggressive. Some dude behind me called me 'Old Man River', so I had to show him how it's done. That woke me up."
-- Bulls shooting guard  Richard Hamilton 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Thibodeau made sure the basketball wound up in the right hands when they got hot. Robinson scored 12 points in the second quarter on 5-for-5 shooting, while Hamilton exploded for 14 points on 7-for-8 shooting in the third. "The thing about Rip is he's going to hit the open man," Thibodeau said. "Also, he's never going to take a tough shot. And I thought Nate did a great job coming in ready, which we tell all of our guys." Bulls small forward  Marco Belinelli  even got into the act in the fourth, adding eight points on 3-for-4 shooting. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  For the second game in a row, Scott used Zeller, Walton, Miles, shooting guard  Daniel Gibson , and point guard  Donald Sloan  as his second unit -- and received similar poor results. They combined to miss their first nine shots and were savaged defensively. "As a young team, we still have a lot to learn," Scott said. "Chicago is a great basketball team." The Cavaliers' eight substitutes (including  Samardo Samuels ,  Omri Casspi  and  Jon Leuer ) finished with 16 personal fouls and missed 22 of their 34 field goal attempts. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Robinson was inadvertently poked in the right eye while banking in a jumper with 6:43 left in the fourth, but said he was fine after the game. ...  Lauren Holtkamp  -- the third female official in NBA history -- made her first visit to Quicken Loans Arena. ... Chicago opens a five-game homestand tonight at United Center against the Hornets. ... Cleveland begins its season-long, six-game, 11-day road trip this evening against the Bucks. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Saturday vs. New Orleans, Tuesday vs. Orlando, Thursday vs. Oklahoma City. For the Cavaliers, Saturday @ Milwaukee, Monday at L.A. Clippers, Wednesday @ Golden State. 
