Notebook: Spurs 116, Clippers 92 
 
 
 Tim Price, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Jan 05, 2014 12:01 AM - Updated Sun Jan 05, 2014 12:19 AM 
 
 THE FACT: Chris Paul  missed his second game of the season, and the Clippers fell to 1-1 without him after losing Saturday at San Antonio. Since moving to L.A., two seasons back, the Clippers are 10-10 without Paul (109-59 when he plays). 
 
 THE LEAD:  For the second straight game, the Clippers gave up 70 first-half points but this time failed to come back while Paul was out with a shoulder injury.  Tiago Splitter  scored a season-high 22 points and the Spurs defeated Los Angeles 116-92 at AT&T Center. 
 Splitter left early in the fourth quarter with a right shoulder sprain. He was injured when he and the Clippers'  Ryan Hollins  bumped near the basket.  Tim Duncan  added 19 points and 11 rebounds for the Spurs (26-8). 
 
 Darren Collison  started in place of Paul (he's expected to be out at least three weeks) and scored 14 points.  Jamal Crawford  led L.A., with 24 points and had seven assists, and  Blake Griffin  added 19 points. 
 The Clippers (23-13) allowed 70 first-half points one night earlier but still won at Dallas. They cut San Antonio's largest lead of 37 points down to 14 early in the fourth quarter but couldn't maintain the rally. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "In the first half we had no emotion. In the second half we communicated with one another. That's all we needed. We didn't need someone to talk like Chris (Paul). That would be our biggest mistake, to try to replace him with some one or some thing. Everybody has to step up and do their job a little bit better."  --  Griffin 
 
 
 THE STAT : While falling behind by 20 points after the first quarter, the Clippers had just one rebound (they went nearly 11 minutes without one). If that wasn't bad enough, the Clippers trailed by 35 at halftime when the Spurs did not turn the ball over in the second quarter. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  San Antonio outscored L.A., 17-2 to close out the final 4 ½ minutes of the first quarter and led by 25 heading into the second quarter. During that stretch the Spurs were 7-for-8 from the floor at one point while the Clippers missed six of seven. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We were really sharp from the beginning. Our first half was great. It was fun to watch."  --  Spurs guard  Manu Ginobili  (15 points, six assist) 
 
 
 HOT: Tony Parker  went 8-for-9 from the floor, including hitting his first six shots. He's 26-for-45 (58 percent) over his last four game s. 
 
 
 NOT: Danny Green  went 1-for-7 from the 3-point line, missing his first five tries (he had a streak of missing 10-straight over the past two games). He's 3-for-19 over the past four games. 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Duncan had his 12th double-double of the season with 19 points and 11 rebounds. He also had four assists. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  The Clippers lacked a perimeter defensive presence without Paul, so the Spurs took the ball inside. San Antonio scored 28 of their first 37 points inside the paint. By the end of the game the Spurs had a season-high 76 points in the paint. 
 
 BAD MOVE : With Paul out, the Clippers turned to Collison to start at point guard. But, having the defensive assignment often on Parker, Collison picked up his fifth foul still with 2:48 left in the third quarter and came out. Crawford brought the ball up the floor mostly with Collison on the bench. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH: Reggie Bullock  (North Carolina, 25th overall pick) was the only rookie listed on either roster, and he was inactive for the third-straight Clippers game with a left ankle sprain. 
 
 NOTABLE : The Spurs tied the season series between the teams at 1-1. ... Clippers guard  Stephen Jackson  played in his first game in San Antonio since the Spurs released him late last season after a disagreement with Popovich; Jackson hugged Popovich when he came onto the court, and he failed to score in five minutes against his old team. ... The Spurs were without  Boris Diaw , who stayed home with strep throat. ... The Clippers play their next four games in L.A., including once against the Lakers...San Antonio scored a season-high 76 points in the pain and dished a season-high 34 assists...The Clippers have lost three of their last four road games...They are also 1-6 when held to 93 points or less. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Monday vs. Orlando, Wednesday vs. Boston, Friday vs. Lakers. For the Spurs, Tuesday @ Memphis, Wednesday vs. Dallas, Jan. 12 vs. Minnesota. 
