  Notebook: Heat 99, Sixers 79   By Andy Jasner, for NBA.com Posted Friday February 3, 2012 10:14PM THE FACTS:  The Miami Heat continued their dominance over the Philadelphia 76ers in the regular season with their ninth straight victory.  Dwyane Wade  scored 26 points,  LeBron James  had 19 points and the Heat pulled away in the fourth quarter for a 99-79 victory Friday night at the Wells Fargo Center. Six Miami players scored in double figures as it improved to 17-6 and 7-4 on the road. Thaddeus Young  paced the Sixers with 16 points while  Lou Williams  and  Jodie Meeks  scored 13 points each. It was just the third home loss for the Sixers (12-3). Philadelphia had its four-game winning streak snapped and fell to 16-7 overall. The Sixers finished their seven-game homestand at 5-2. QUOTABLE:  "In the fourth quarter, we were able to play efficiently and pull away."   -- Heat coach  Erik Spoelstra , on a 15-0 run in the fourth. THE STAT:  The Heat shot 52 percent from the field and 8-for-13 from beyond the arc. TURNING POINT:  The Heat set a tone with a 7-1 spurt to open the fourth quarter. It extended a four-point lead to 10 and completely turned the momentum in their favor. Later in the fourth, the Heat ripped off a 15-0 run to officially seal the victory. HOT:  Heat guard  Mario Chalmers  was 5-for-8 from the field and 3-for-4 from 3-point territory. NOT:   Elton Brand  struggled for the first time this season, missing all three shots in 22 minutes for the Sixers. QUOTABLE II:  "This was probably the best game from start to finish in terms of playing together and communicating."   -- James. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Wade (26 points, five rebounds and four assists) and James (19 points, 12 rebounds, eight assists and two blocked shots) each played at an extremely high level and keyed Miami's victory. INSIDE THE ARENA:  The buzz inside the Wells Fargo began well before tipoff and continued throughout the game. This was a playoff-intensity atmosphere for a February regular season game and the sellout crowd of 20,694 was loud the entire night. It was the first sellout this season. Former Sixers forward  Rick Mahorn  took in the action from a front-row seat. QUOTABLE III:  "It doesn't frustrate us. We just have to keep playing hard and keep fighting."   -- Young. GOOD MOVE:  The Heat forced the Sixers further out on the perimeter than they wanted to be. Young and  Evan Turner , among others, were forced to take jump shots at times instead of driving to the basket. BAD MOVE:  Philadelphia has been so good at guarding the 3-point line all season. It wasn't a banner night in that respect as the Heat shot 8-for-13 from beyond the arc. ROOKIE WATCH:  Heat guard  Norris Cole  scored 11 points in 17 minutes. Sixers forward  Nikola Vucevic  was scoreless in a brief stint late in the fourth. Forward  Lavoy Allen  was the first player off the bench and wound up with eight points and five rebounds. NOTABLE:  The Heat missed their first 10 shots in the third quarter. ...  Andre Iguodala  swished a shot from midcourt at the end of the third and the ruling by the officials was no good. A video replay confirmed the ruling. ... Miami outrebounded the Sixers 47-38. ... Sixers center  Spencer Hawes  missed his 10th straight game with a strained left Achilles. ... James has now recorded at least 15 points, five rebounds and five assists for the 25th straight game. The only other player in NBA history to accomplish that feat is  Oscar Robertson . ... Brand went scoreless for just the fifth time in 823 games played and the third time in a Philadelphia uniform. The last time it happened was Feb. 3, 2009 against the Boston Celtics. ... The Heat won by at least 20 points for the fourth time this season. NEXT:  For the Heat, Sunday vs. Toronto, Tuesday vs. Cleveland, Wednesday @ Orlando. For the Sixers, Saturday @ Atlanta, Monday vs. L.A. Lakers, Wednesday vs. San Antonio.  