  Notebook: Wolves 105, Mavs 90   By Dave Ivey, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday January 25, 2012 11:51PM THE FACTS:  The good news for the Mavericks is that there are no more pregame ceremonies on the schedule. Just as Miami spoiled the banner-raising in the season opener, an undermanned Minnesota squad stole the spotlight after the 2011 NBA champions received their rings Wednesday, beating Dallas 105-90 behind 31 points and 10 rebounds from  Kevin Love . Love enjoyed his own pregame celebration of sorts, signing a four-year extension worth more than $60 million.  Ricky Rubio  contributed 17 points and 12 assists,  Wayne Ellington  scored 16 points and  Nikola Pekovic  added 13 off the bench.  Jason Terry  scored 17 and  Shawn Marion  had 15 for the Mavericks, who had their three-game winning streak and seven-game home winning streak snapped. QUOTABLE:  "It was a good day. I wanted to put everything aside that happened off the court and really wanted to focus on the game tonight. We fought back from double digits and came up with big runs and got big stops down the stretch. You can see us growing as a team and we've got to continue to fight."   -- Kevin Love, who recorded his 17th double-double in 18 games. THE STAT:  The Timberwolves halted the Mavericks' franchise-record streak of holding 15 consecutive opponents under 100 points -- and they did it with only nine available players. It was the most points surrendered by Dallas since a 115-93 loss to Denver on Dec. 26. Minnesota shot 42.9 percent (9-for-21) from 3-point range and outscored the Mavericks 28-6 at the free-throw line. TURNING POINT:  Minnesota broke open a 70-70 tie with a 16-3 surge spanning the third and fourth quarters. Love got the run started with one of his four 3-pointers (4-for-6), followed by a three-point play by Ellington and a couple of dunks by Pekovic. The only points mustered by Dallas between the 3:00 mark of the third period and the 9:11 mark of the fourth came on a jumper by  Rodrigue Beaubois  and a free throw by  Brandan Wright . The Mavericks shot 31.1 percent in the second half. QUOTABLE II:  "Minnesota was more aggressive. They had 33 free throw [attempts] to our 10. The more aggressive team is going to win most NBA games."   -- Mavericks coach  Rick Carlisle HOT:  All of the Mavericks not named  Lamar Odom  combined to shoot 61.5 percent (24-for-39) during the first half. Dallas knocked down nine of its first 11 shots in the second quarter and led 46-32 with 7:13 left before intermission. NOT:  Odom, starting for the injured  Dirk Nowitzki , was just 1-for-11 from the field in the first half. The reigning NBA Sixth Man of the Year finished 2-for-14, tallying five points, four rebounds, no assists and two turnovers. He did not get off the bench in the fourth quarter. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Rubio was only 4-for-16 from the field and committed seven turnovers, but the rookie played nearly the entire game (46:27) as Minnesota's only available point guard and added seven rebounds and four steals to his double-double performance. ... Beaubois finished with 11 points, five assists, three blocks (including one against Love) and three boards.  Jason Kidd  had eight points, eight rebounds and seven assists. NOTABLE:  Injured Minnesota guard  J.J. Barea  and retired sharpshooter  Peja Stojakovic , who helped the Mavericks win the franchise's first title, also received their rings. So did former Dallas greats  Brad Davis ,  Rolando Blackman  and  Derek Harper . The pregame ceremony included playoff highlights on the video screen and a speech by owner  Mark Cuban . ... Minnesota guard  Luke Ridnour  was a game-time scratch with a sore knee. ... Dallas lost for the first time when leading or tied at halftime (1-11). The Mavs were up 54-52 at the break. ... Minnesota center  Darko Milicic  matched his career high with seven blocks. UP NEXT:  For the Mavericks, Friday vs. Utah, Sunday vs. San Antonio, Monday @ Phoenix. For the Timberwolves, Friday vs. San Antonio, Sunday vs. L.A. Lakers, Monday @ Houston.  