  Lakers-Kings notebook   By Jimmy Spencer, for NBA.com Posted Thursday April 14, 2011 2:50AM THE FACTS:  It was drama on top of drama. In what could be the final professional basketball game in the city of Sacramento, the Kings showed they still had life -- before a familiar face ripped it away. The Kings overcame a 20-point fourth-quarter deficit against the visiting Los Angeles Lakers in Wednesday night's season finale and looked primed for a dramatic victory, before  Kobe Bryant  struck. Bryant's 3-pointer with 4.8 seconds remaining in regulation ultimately sent the game to overtime, where Bryant capped a game-high 36-point night to lead the Lakers to a 116-108 overtime victory. QUOTABLE:  "I told  Phil  [ Jackson ] that it was just fitting that it ended this way. It just didn't seem like a blowout victory here was going to happen just because of all the history that we have. It wound up being history revisited I guess."    -- Kobe Bryant after the game THE STAT:  The win cements a No. 2 seed for Los Angeles in the Western Conference playoffs. The Lakers season record of 57-25 tied them with the Dallas Mavericks in the final conference standings, but Los Angeles owns the tiebreaker. TURNING POINT:  The ultimate turning point is for the Kings franchise. Kings ownership is seeking relocation to Anaheim following the season and Wednesday night's finale may mean the end of 26 years of NBA played in California's capital. The mood inside and outside of the arena was focused on the game being potentially the last one in Sacramento. Following the game, a few thousand fans stayed and chanted for upwards to an hour for their team to stay. Coach  Paul Westphal  and a select number of Kings players addressed the crowd and received cheers. QUOTABLE II:  "They have been great. They've been supporting us since day one. I've been here, this is where I got drafted and played my first year in the NBA. I will never forget it. They have been good fans since day one."    -- Kings guard  Tyreke Evans QUOTABLE III:  "If it was up to me, I would want to be here and the team obviously wants to be here as well."    -- Kings forward  Jason Thompson HOT:  The Lakers (57-25) return to the playoffs at the No. 2 seed, chasing what would be their third consecutive NBA championship. After losing five in a row, the Lakers have now won on back-to-back nights, including Tuesday's win vs. San Antonio, to head into the playoffs. NOT:  The Kings (24-58), a young team that was hoping to see improvement this season, fell a win short of last season's 25-win total. The Kings did make a push in the last weeks of the season, winning eight of their final 15 games. INSIDE THE ARENA:  The NFL's  Mark Sanchez  (New York Jets) and  Tony Gonzalez  (Atlanta Falcons) were in attendance, sitting at center court. ... The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills, featuring  Adrienne Maloof  of the Kings' ownership group, were also in attendance followed around by cameras. ROOKIE WATCH:   DeMarcus Cousins ' rookie season came to a close with a fourth-quarter ejection after receiving his second technical foul, arguing with referees. Cousins had six points and six rebounds in 14 minutes on the night. The No. 5 overall pick entered the night averaging 14.2 points and 8.7 rebounds. Maturity stands as the chief question mark for the 20-year-old rookie, and Cousins did find himself in trouble a few times this season, most notably when the Kings suspended him in February following an altercation with a teammate following a loss. Despite the ejection in the finale, his overall body language and attitude made slight strides through the season. If he can develop his maturity, Cousins shows signs of being a star big man in the league. NOTABLE:  Bryant was fined $100,000 by the league on Wednesday for the use of a derogatory gay term against a referee. Bryant addressed the slur in his postgame interview on Wednesday: "For me, it's always about the bigger message. I made a mistake in terms of what I said. But it's always the responsibility that carries with it. What I mean by that, is for kids to think that it's okay or cool to call kids that or tease them because of that. I don't stand for that, I never have. I have been in so many altercations in middle school and in high school protecting kids from that. I certainly won't be a part of enhancing the feeling that that's okay. I just won't." UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, first-round of the Western Conference playoffs. For the Kings, season finished.  