  Notebook: Kings 114, Warriors 106   By James Ham, for NBA.com Posted Sunday February 5, 2012 1:38AM THE FACTS:  In front of an amazing home crowd, the Sacramento Kings fought off the charging Golden State Warriors, pulling away in overtime for the 114-106 win. In his second game back from injury,  Marcus Thornton  scored a season and game high 28 points, including an 18 point third quarter explosion.  Tyreke Evans  added 26 and  DeMarcus Cousins  finished with 21 points and a career high 20 rebounds. Dorell Wright  had a huge first half and finished with 24 points on the night.  Nate Robinson  came off the bench for the Warriors and chipped in a big 20 for the Warriors who fell to 8-13 on the season. QUOTABLE:  "I think people had this young man pegged the wrong way. He just needed direction and someone to help lead him in a direction. I can't take all the credit for it. This guy is willing to listen to what I am trying to say to him, what our coaching staff is trying to say to him."  --  Coach  Keith Smart  on Cousins' first career 20-20 game. THE STAT:  The Kings starting backcourt of Evans and Thornton scored 54 combined points tonight on the way to the victory. THE STAT II:  The Kings outrebounded the Warriors 55-36 on the night. The Kings starting frontline of Cousins and  Jason Thompson  combined to grab 36 rebounds, equaling the Warriors team total. TURNING POINT:  The Kings came out in the third quarter and owned the Warriors. Trailing by one at the half, 54-53, the Kings used 26 points third quarter points from their starting back court, outscored the Warriors 34-22 overall, and took an 87-76 lead into the fourth. TURNING POINT II:  At the 2:03 mark of the fourth, the Warriors bench led an incredible comeback and took the 99-97 lead on a huge dunk by  Brandon Rush . QUOTABLE II:  "My teammates encouraged me there in that third quarter and shots started falling down."   --  Thornton on his huge third quarter outburst. HOT:  Wright lit the world on fire in the first half, finishing with 19 points on 6-for-7 shooting from the field and 3-for-3 shooting from behind the arc. HOT II:  Playing in just his second game back from injury, Thornton scored an incredible 18 points...in the third quarter. Thornton shot 7-for-8 in the third and hit all four of his 3-point attempts. GOOD MOVE:  Coach  Mark Jackson  left his bench on the floor in the fourth quarter and they fought their way back into this one. Robinson led the charge with 20 points and rookie  Klay Thompson  hit a couple of key shots in a frantic, back and forth affair. NOTABLE:  Much to the chagrin of  Jimmer Fredette  fans, the rookie guard received his second consecutive DNP-CD tonight. NOTABLE II:  Thompson scored a career-high 16 points for the Warriors, including 12 points in the fourth. The rookie shot 5-for-8 from the field and knocked down all but one of his five 3-point attempts. UP NEXT:  For the Warriors, Tuesday vs. Thunder, Thursday @ Denver, Sunday vs. Rockets. For the Kings, Monday @ New Orleans, Tuesday @ Minnesota, Thursday vs. Thunder.  