Notebook: Rockets 113, Hawks 84 
 
 
 Matt Miller, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Thu Nov 28, 2013 12:06 AM - Updated Thu Nov 28, 2013 12:06 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Houston Rockets locked up their first 10-win November since 2006 with a 113-84 victory over the Atlanta Hawks on Wednesday at Toyota Center.  
 
 THE LEAD:  The Rockets were already without leading scorer  James Harden . Then,  Jeremy Lin  left early with a right knee contusion. 
 Next men up:  Aaron Brooks  and  Francisco Garcia .  
 Brooks (21 points, four assists) posted his second 20-plus-point performance in the last three games, and Garcia scored a season-high 21 points on 9-for-14 shooting to lift Houston to its sixth consecutive win over the Hawks.  Terrence Jones  added 14 points and six rebounds for the Rockets (11-5), winners of five in a row at Toyota Center and six of seven overall.  
 
 Paul Millsap  paced Atlanta (8-8), which is riding a season-worst three-game losing streak, with 16 points on 6-for-10 shooting and five boards. Local product  Cartier Martin , who played high school ball at Houston's Aldine Nimitz High, finished with 14 points on 5-for-10 shooting. Hawks center  Al Horford  chipped in 14 points and eight rebounds.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "He's feeling it. When he gets it going, watch it fly." 
 
 -- Brooks on Garcia's performance 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Rockets have not trailed for four consecutive home games, defeating the Nuggets, Celtics, Timberwolves and Hawks in that span. Houston last faced a deficit inside Toyota Center at the 3:59 mark of the first extra session of its double-overtime victory over the Raptors on Nov. 11.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  Atlanta began the game in sluggish, falling into an early double-digit deficit that forced it to play catch-up throughout the evening. The Hawks' most notable push came in the third quarter, when they put together a 15-5 run to cut Houston's 60-45 lead to 65-60 with 5:32 left in the period. The Rockets responded quickly with a stretch of stingy defense, however, as they held Atlanta to only two field goals over the next 6:30 while extending their advantage to 82-67. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "[The Rockets] understand how they want to play, and they understand their system. We're still building that identity a little bit. We're still building our understanding, and being able to sustain it for four quarters is something that we're going to have to be able to do." 
 
 -- Hawks coach  Mike Budenholzer 
 
 
 HOT:  Jones sparked Houston's offense in the early going yet again with another solid first quarter, during which the second-year forward netted nine of the Rockets' first 14 points on 4-for-4 shooting. Houston has averaged 30.9 points in the opening period over the eight games Jones has started, reaching 30 on five occasions. Jones has flourished individually since the promotion, as well, registering 14.4 points, 7.9 rebounds and 1.63 blocks per game.  
 
 NOT:  Atlanta's  Jeff Teague  continues to struggle mightily with his stroke and finishing, as the 6-foot-2 point guard shot 0-for-5 from the field Wednesday. Including the defeat to the Rockets, Teague has hit only 22.6 percent (7-for-31) of his shot attempts in his last three outings.  
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Although it may sound simplistic, Houston's unselfish and balanced approach has keyed its recent red-hot shooting. The Rockets have buried 53.2 percent of their shots and averaged 23.5 assists over their last six games. In each of their last five contests, five different players have either led the team in scoring or matched a teammate as the top scorer. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "One thing that we have to understand is that when we control how we play on the offensive end, we're a pretty good team. ... We do a great job of getting our shot every time, and we'll be better. We've learned now how to get a great shot every play." 
 
 -- Houston center  Dwight Howard  
 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Atlanta's defenders failed to display enough discipline and patience when guarding Jones, who used a pump fake to draw Hawks off their feet on several occasions.  
 
 NOTABLE:  Harden missed his third consecutive game with a sore left foot, but coach  Kevin McHale  said before the game that Harden "felt a lot better [Wednesday] morning." ... Lin, who has been starting in Harden's absence, left the game in the first period after suffering a right knee contusion. He did not return, but X-rays were negative. Lin was spotted as he was exiting the arena, and he was walking gingerly with a noticeable limp. ... Atlanta played without sharpshooter  Kyle Korver , who suffered a rib contusion during Tuesday's loss to Orlando. Korver, who has nailed a 3-point attempt in 88 consecutive games, missed a chance to tie  Dana Barros ' NBA record 89-game streak with a trey. The 11-year veteran, however, is still eligible to match Barros' mark when he returns because the record applies only to games in which the player appeared. ... The Hawks' bench was a bit thin, as reserve guards  Shelvin Mack  and  Lou Williams  sat out. Mack did not travel with the team after spraining his left ankle Tuesday. Williams, meanwhile, is not playing on consecutive nights while he works his way toward full strength in the wake of the torn ACL he suffered in January. ... Atlanta has lost in 20 of its last 22 visits to Houston. ... The Rockets' reserves outscored the Hawks' bench 67-32. ... Houston improved to 11-1 this season when it snatches more rebounds than its opponent. ... The Hawks fell to 1-6 when Teague pours in less than 16 points. ... Atlanta has dished out at least 20 assists in all 16 of its games this season. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Hawks: Friday vs. Dallas, Saturday @ Washington, Monday @ San Antonio. For the Rockets: Friday vs. Brooklyn, Saturday @ San Antonio, Monday @ Utah. 
