Notebook: Wizards 102, Knicks 101 
 
 
 Adam Zagoria, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Mon Dec 16, 2013 11:24 PM - Updated Mon Dec 16, 2013 11:50 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Wizards won their first game at Madison Square Garden since December 2006. They had lost 10 straight since then. 
 
 THE LEAD: Bradley Beal  darted past  Beno Udrih  for a go-ahead layup with 6.9 seconds left for Washington and the New York Knicks failed to call a timeout in the final seconds before  Carmelo Anthony  put up a wild 3-point attempt, sealing the Wizards' 102-101 victory Monday night. 
 The Knicks (7-17) had a foul to give and three timeouts left when Anthony let his shot go. 
 Beal, who hadn't played since Nov. 23 because of a leg injury, scored 14 of his 21 points in the fourth quarter, including two huge late 3-pointers. He scored Washington's last eight points of the game, and also added seven rebounds. For the Wizards (10-13),  Martell Webster  went for 30 points, including 6-for-8 from the arc, and  John Wall  added 20 points, eight assists and six rebounds. 
 Anthony led the Knicks with 32 points on 12-for-20 shooting to go with five rebounds and three assists.  J.R. Smith  scored 14 of his 18 points in the second half.  Tim Hardaway Jr.  added 14 points and  Andrea Bargnani  13 in the loss. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "[Udrih] couldn't even reach to grab the guy to take the foul. That's where the breakdown occurred. And then I didn't call the timeout, so I gotta take the heat for that."  
 -- Knicks coach  Mike Woodson  on the final play  
 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "They wanted me to run a pick-and-roll with  [Marcin] Gortat,  so my first instinct was to reject the screen and go baseline if I had it. There was absolutely nobody there." 
 --Bradley Beal 
 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "If [Woodson] said it's his fault, then it's his fault. There's no need for me to talk about that or make excuses for it. If he said it was his fault and he takes the blame, then he takes the blame." 
 --Carmelo Anthony on the un-called final timeout 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Wizards shot 11-for-18 from the arc (61 percent) and the Knicks made 11-for-30 (37 percent). 
 
 TURNING POINT:  After Beal tied it at 100 with a deep 3-pointer, Udrih made 1-for-2 foul shots with 24.5 seconds left to give the Knicks a tenuous 101-100 lead. Beal then answered with the game-winning layup and the Knicks had no answer. 
 
 QUOTABLE IV:  "We told them that we had the foul to give and you have to take it."  
 -- Mike Woodson on what he told his team before the game-winner 
 
 
 QUOTABLE V:  "When Melo's got the ball at the end of the game, I usually take my chances."  
 --  Iman Shumpert 
 
 
 HOT:  Webster came up four points shy of his career-high of 34, making 9-for-13 and 6-for-8 from the arc. 
 
 NOT:  Shumpert continued to struggled, going 2-for-8 for eight points. 
 
 NOTABLE: Kenyon Martin  (abdominal strain),  Raymond Felton  (strained left hamstring) and  Tyson Chandler  (right fibula) were out for the Knicks. "He's going to be out probably a little while so we just have to go with what we have," Woodson said of Martin, adding that it could be 1-2 weeks. As for Chandler, who has been out since Nov. 5, Woodson said he would scrimmage 5-on-5 Tuesday and if there are no setbacks, "He might play Wednesday." ...Already without Felton, the Knicks announced that  Pablo Prigioni  suffered a hairline fracture of his right great toe after playing the first half. Surgery is not required. He is expected to be out at least two weeks. Prigioni had 19 assists and just two turnovers in his last four games. ...Woodson said Shumpert might play some point guard and acknowledged there was a "possibility" the team could call up J.R.'s brother  Chris Smith  from the D-League. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Wednesday @ Milwaukee, Saturday vs. Memphis, Monday @ Orlando. For the Wizards, Wednesday @ Brooklyn, Saturday @ Boston, Dec. 27 @ Minnesota. 
