Notebook: Celtics 71, Bulls 69 
 
 
 Brian Robb, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Thu Feb 14, 2013 12:26 AM - Updated Thu Feb 14, 2013 12:37 AM 
 
 THE FACTS:  The Boston Celtics scored 28 of their 71 points in the fourth quarter, helping them rally past the Chicago Bulls with a 71-69 victory in one of the lowest-scoring NBA games since the shot clock was introduced in 1954-55.  Brandon Bass  had a game-high 14 points and nine rebounds in the ugly affair, which featured both teams shooting a mere 36 percent from the field.  Kevin Garnett  added a double-double for the Celtics who have now won eight of nine games without All-Star  Rajon Rondo .   Marco Belinelli  had a team-high 12 points off the bench for the Bulls, who have now dropped five of their past seven games overall.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I mean, you've got to love this team.  You really do.  This group of guys.  And we just keep talking about we choose to live.  We're not going to just roll over."  
 --  Doc Rivers  on winning eight of nine without  Rajon Rondo . 
 
 
 THE STAT:   The Celtics scored just 19 points in the second and third quarters combined, which ties the mark for 3rd lowest point total in two consecutive quarters in NBA history.   
 
 TURNING POINT:  After managing to score just 43 points in the first three quarters, the Celtics finally broke through with a 16-5 run at the start of the final period, as they fought back from a six-point deficit to retake the lead for the remainder of the contest.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "You win games on the defensive end and that's what we did tonight. We tried to make everything hard on their guards.  Nate's been playing well, and I just tried to get them out of their offense, tried to speed him up.  Everybody played great defense today -- we played great team defense and we rebounded the ball." 
 --  Jason Terry 
 
 
 HOT:   Garnett -- The 36-year-old veteran nearly took the night off to rest his tired legs, but ended up playing and carrying the Celtics offense late in this one. Garnett scored eight of his 12 points in the fourth quarter on 4-of-5 shooting.   
 
 NOT:  Paul Pierce  -- Boston's captain had his worst shooting night of the season, missing ten of his 12 shots from the field to finish with just eight points, ten below his season average.    
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  Former Celtics star  Antoine Walker  watched the game from courtside at the TD Garden.  
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT: Joakim Noah   -- Despite battling a case of plantar fasciitis in his left foot, Noah continues to rack up double-doubles for his team. The center posted 10 points and 16 rebounds against Boston, his 25th double-double of the season.    
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:   Marquis Teague   -- The rookie point guard saw plenty of action off the bench for Chicago, posting five points, three assists, and two rebounds in 20 minutes.  
 
 NOTABLE:  Boston's 71 points were their 3rd lowest point total in a win in franchise history. ...Boston scored just 24 points in the paint. ...Chicago outrebounded Boston in the fourth quarter 12-4. ...The Bulls had a season-high 22 turnovers. ... Kirk Hinrich  sat out his seventh straight game for Chicago with a sore right elbow. ...Boston had only ten active players on their roster.   
 
 UP NEXT:  For Chicago, Tuesday @ New Orleans, Thursday vs. Miami, Friday @ Charlotte. For Boston, Tuesday @ Denver, Wednesday @ LA Lakers, Friday @ Phoenix.    
