Notebook: Rockets 140, Warriors 109 
 
 
 Matt Miller, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Feb 06, 2013 12:40 AM - Updated Wed Feb 06, 2013 12:40 AM 
 
 THE FACTS :  The Golden State Warriors could only watch helplessly as the Houston Rockets rained 3-pointers in near record-setting fashion. 
 
 Jeremy Lin  scored 28 points and dished out nine assists,  James Harden  finished with 18 points, seven assists and three steals, and the Rockets matched an NBA record with 23 3-pointers in a 140-109 rout of the Warriors on Tuesday at Toyota Center.  Omer Asik  (11 points, 15 rebounds) and  Patrick Patterson  (12 points, 10 boards) each added a double-double for Houston (27-23), which has won five of its last six games overall and 10 of 13 at home.  
 
 Jarrett Jack  led Golden State (30-18), which had a four-game winning streak snapped, with 20 points and five assists.  David Lee  chipped in with 18 points and seven rebounds for the Warriors, who allowed the Rockets to record their highest scoring total in Toyota Center history. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I really didn't even know we had a chance to break the record until late in the game. We shoot a lot of 3s. That's just what we do." 
 
 -- Coach  Kevin McHale  on the Rockets' unconscious 3-point shooting 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Houston tied the NBA record with 23 made 3-pointers, outscoring the Warriors 69-9 from behind the arc. The Orlando Magic were the last team to reach this milestone, knocking down 23 of 37 attempts from downtown Jan. 13, 2009 in Sacramento. The Rockets might have set the record if not for Golden State's intentional fouls over the final 35 seconds of the contest.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Rockets scored on 17 of 23 possessions in the second quarter as they outscored the Warriors 39-25, extending a one-point advantage after the opening period into a 77-62 halftime lead. Golden State's defense struggled so mightily that the game got away from the Warriors after four empty offensive possessions toward the end of the period.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We're not going to lay down. If you're going to try to get the record, we're going to stop it. ... By no means are we going to accept giving up that many points, giving up open 3s and transition shots. ... We didn't play particularly well, but that doesn't mean lay down and surrender. That's not in our DNA." 
 
 -- Coach  Mark Jackson  on his team's decision to intentionally foul Houston in the final minute of the game. 
 
 
 HOT:  The Rockets' aim from long range was deadly in the first half as they buried 14 of 18 attempts (77.8 percent) from 3-point range, matching the NBA record for most treys in a half. Houston's crisp ball movement -- 22 assists on 26 baskets -- and unselfish play kept Golden State defenders scrambling, opening space on the court that led to several open looks from the perimeter. 
 
 NOT: Stephen Curry  (seven points) did a nice job of setting up his teammates, but his usually smooth stroke was absent. The fourth-year sharpshooter shot 3-for-12 (25.0 percent) from the field and attempted zero free throws.  
 
 GOOD MOVE:  With veteran wing  Carlos Delfino  sidelined with loose cartilage in his right elbow, McHale called upon  James Anderson  to fill the gap in his rotation. Anderson responded to receiving his most significant playing time as a Rocket by posting eight points, eight boards and four assists to go with some excellent off-ball activity. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Golden State's defense was too timid in its attempts to trap Houston's ball-handlers, and the Warriors also seemed a step slow when the Rockets forced them to switch. The slow rotations prevented Golden State from sealing off driving and passing lanes, which only made matters worse considering Houston's unconscious shooting from the outside. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Golden State's  Draymond Green  and Houston's  Marcus Morris  were ejected with 34.1 seconds left after Green committed a flagrant foul on Houston's  Patrick Beverley  while he was throwing up the potential record-setting 3-pointer. ... Warriors center  Andrew Bogut  will miss Wednesday's game at Oklahoma City as part of the club's plan to rest him on one night of back-to-back sets. Bogut underwent ankle surgery in April and returned to Golden State's lineup only eight days ago after taking time off for rehabilitation. ... Delfino is listed as day-to-day but said he will not play in Wednesday's matchup with Miami. ... Former Rocket  Yao Ming  made a surprise appearance at Houston's morning shootaround. Yao is currently studying economics at Jiao Tong University in Shanghai. ... The Rockets last reached 140 points in a 156-147 double-overtime defeat April 11, 1995 in Dallas. ... Houston's 77 first-half points are the most any NBA team has scored before halftime this season. ... Harden has attempted less than 16 shots in six consecutive contests after attempting at least 17 in 17 games in a row. ... At least six Rockets have scored in double figures in three straight games. ... Houston, which handed out a season-high 35 assists, improved to 6-1 this season when it registers at least 30 assists. ... The Rockets are now 12-3 when they connect on at least 40.0 percent of their 3-point attempts. ... The Warriors have lost nine consecutive games in Houston. Golden State has not won at Toyota Center since Dec. 31, 2007. ... The Warriors lost for the first time this season (8-1) when scoring at least 30 points in the first quarter. ... Golden State fell to 5-8 on the first night of back-to-back sets. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Warriors: Wednesday @ Oklahoma City, Friday @ Memphis, Saturday @ Dallas. For the Rockets, Wednesday @ Miami, Friday vs. Portland, Sunday @ Sacramento. 
