Notebook: Mavericks 100, Pelicans 97 
 
 
 Scott Kushner, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Thu Dec 05, 2013 12:27 AM - Updated Thu Dec 05, 2013 12:29 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Dallas Mavericks held its second consecutive opponent below 41-percent shooting. A night after allowing the Bobcats to convert just 38 percent from the field, the Mavericks locked down New Orleans to 40.4 percent.  
 
 THE LEAD:  One chance to take a late lead and another shot to send the game into overtime went by the wayside for the New Orleans Pelicans, as two open shots - an  Al-Farooq Aminu  jumper and a  Ryan Anderson  3-pointer - rimmed out in the final minutes, allowing the Mavericks to earn a 100-97 road win at the New Orleans Arena in front of 14,524 people on Wednesday night. 
 
 Dirk Nowitzki  of the Mavericks (12-8) drew a foul on  Jrue Holiday  and secured a rebound off of Aminu's miss, to set up three converted free throws in the final minute. That broke a tie with the first set, then forced New Orleans (9-9) to attempt a 3-pointer on the second. Dallas' defense did the rest to secure the victory. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We dodged a bullet. We switched at the end and Ryan Anderson got open because we kind of left him. I don't know what really happened. He had a clean look from the top of the key which he probably makes eight out of 10 times. So, we really dodged a bullet there at the end."  
 
 -- Dirk Nowitzki on getting a pair of key defensive stops in the final minute 
 
 
 THE STAT : 1-for-14. That's the combined field goal percentage of reserve guards  Tyreke Evans  and  Anthony Morrow,  who each struggled to finish on clean looks throughout the game. Morrow, typically a sharp-shooter from beyond the arc, missed four 3-pointers. Evans, who is known for his ability to finish at the rim, missed six layups. The pair's struggles allowed Dallas to outscore New Orleans 31-10 off the bench. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Trailing 75-68 late in the third quarter, Dallas called a timeout to stem the Pelicans building momentum. It worked to perfection, swinging the game entirely. Starting with a  Vince Carter  3-pointer, the Mavericks rapidly turned a seven-point deficit into a six-point lead by the opening three minutes of the fourth quarter. With the exception of 40 seconds, Dallas never allowed New Orleans to regain the lead again. 
 
 HOT:  It was a career night for Aminu, who paced the Pelicans on both ends of the floor for three quarters. The forward notched a double-double in the first half, had reached 16 rebounds by the end of the third quarter and tallied his career high in defensive rebounds midway through the fourth. Aminu finished the night with 16 points and a tied a career-high with 20 rebounds, while also chipping in a trio of steals and an assist. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Within an hour of opening tipoff, it was still uncertain if Mavericks' point guard  Jose Calderon  would play due to a bruise right knee suffered last week. The veteran was not only able to start for Dallas, and play 32 minutes, scoring 12 points, but he also provided a critical offensive boost in the fourth quarter. Calderon converted a pair of 3-pointers from the left wing to buoy Dallas' offense, breaking out of an early slump. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I started 1 of 8. I have to shoot though. They need me to be there to shoot the ball and even though I was 1 of 8 I had good looks, so I just figure 1-for-8 or 1-for-10, it's not going to make any difference. So I kept shooting."  
 
 -- Jose Calderon on his fourth quarter shooting 
 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Holding a 94-92 lead in the fourth quarter,  Shawn Marion  and Nowitzki battled for a rebound underneath their own basket without a Pelicans' player in sight. Rather than calmly gathering it in, Marion leaped in and inadvertently tipped it upward, where it carried through the hoop, tying the score. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Despite the absence of top post presence  Anthony Davis , the Pelicans made its inside game an early emphasis. Of its first eight field goals, seven came via layup or dunk. New Orleans outscored Dallas 48-38 in the paint...Holiday notched 26 points and nine assists, but may be remembered most for passing up an open shot in the final minute which led to Anderson's miss...New Orleans attempted just 15 free throws, including a scant four in the first half. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Pelicans, Friday vs. Thunder, Wednesday vs. Detroit, Friday vs. Memphis. For the Mavericks, Saturday @ Trail Blazers, Monday @ Kings, Wednesday @ Warriors. 
