  Notebook: Heat 113, Sixers 92   By Shandel Richardson, for NBA.com Posted Saturday January 21, 2012 11:01PM THE FACTS:  Forward  Chris Bosh  scored 30 points and  LeBron James  added 28 as the Miami Heat defeated the Philadelphia 76ers, 113-92, at AmericanAirlines Arena on Saturday. Miami ran its record to 6-0 without guard  Dwyane Wade  (sprained right ankle) this season as Wade missed his third consecutive game. But coach  Erik Spoelstra  won't commit to a return date. Philadelphia was led by guard  Lou Williams'  22 points off the bench.  Evan Turner  added 16 points. James (nine rebounds, five assists, four steals, three blocks) and Bosh (seven rebounds, five assists, two blocks) did most of the heavy lifting and they were aided by reserve forward  Udonis Haslem  (eight points, 10 rebounds) and center  Joel Anthony  (nine points, nine rebounds). QUOTABLE:  "The more I hear something like that it just becomes officially the theatre of the absurd."  --  Heat coach Erik Spoelstra on the Twitter hashtag #withoutwade that suggests Miami might be a better team without guard Dwyane Wade. THE STAT:  Tough pick. Miami is 6-0 without Wade, Philadelphia is 0-4 when allowing 100 or more points, Bosh had a season-best five assists. But let's go with Miami out-rebounding Philadelphia, 52-31. TURNING POINT:  The Heat was holding a 69-65 lead with 3:15 left in the third quarter and then went on a 23-8 run to take a 92-73 lead early in the fourth quarter. QUOTABLE II:  "They were ready tonight. They were very, very sharp from the start. We hung around and fought there a little bit. They wore us down."  --  Philadelphia coach  Doug Collins .  HOT:  Miami has blocked at least one shot in a franchise-record 306 consecutive games. On Saturday against the 76ers the Heat blocked 10 shots, tying its season best. NOT:  Philadelphia has shot worse than 45 percent from the field in in six of its last seven games. The 76ers only shot that poorly once in the first 12 games. GOOD MOVE:  Miami opted to rest Dwyane Wade instead of forcing him into the court before he's totally healthy. Of course, there's no rush to get him back considering Miami is now 6-0 without him. BAD MOVE:  Philadelphia couldn't use  Jodie Meeks ,  Jrue Holiday  or Lou Williams to take advantage of Wade's absence. The Sixers should have come up with something at either end of the court. NOTABLE:  Wade (sprained right ankle) remains day-to-day officially, so there's no word on whether he'll play Sunday vs. Milwaukee or Tuesday vs. Cleveland...Philadelphia center  Spencer Hawes  (left Achilles tendon) will be evaluated before Monday's game against Washington and could be activated...76ers center  Nikola Vucevic  left the game in the third quarter with a sprained left ankle. UP NEXT:  For the Heat Sunday vs. Bucks, Tuesday vs. Cavaliers, Thursday @ Pistons; For the 76ers Monday vs. Wizards, Wednesday vs. Nets, Friday vs. Bobcats.  