
 Wizards-Nuggets notebook   By Michael Kelly, for NBA.com Posted Saturday March 26, 2011 12:21AM THE FACTS:   Chris Andersen  had 17 points, 11 rebounds and five blocks and three other Denver players scored 17 points and the Nuggets routed the Washington Wizards 114-94 Friday night to win their ninth straight home game. QUOTABLE:  "People don't expect much from the bench guys. We have a great bench and whenever we get out there play loose and free."   --  J.R. Smith. THE STAT:  The Nuggets bench pitched in with 57 points and is averaging 56.7 points over the last three games. TURNING POINT:  Andersen's presence in the first quarter. When he entered the game near the midpoint of the period, Denver trailed 14-13. Over the next 6:18 he had three points, four rebounds and four blocked shots as the Nuggets finished the first on a 15-0 run take control of this one early. QUOTABLE II:  "The third quarter, it was a pretty good defensive quarter. After that it was just coast and cruise."   --  Nuggets coach  George Karl. HOT: Jordan Crawford  had 19 points and is averaging 21.5 points over his last six games. NOT:  The Wizards are 1-34 on the road, with their lone win coming at Cleveland six weeks ago. They had a chance to get No. 2 against the Clippers on Wednesday when they lost in overtime but they had no shot against the streaking Nuggets. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT: Al Harrington  is carving out strong numbers in the last three games. He is averaging 19.7 points on this homestand. GOOD MOVE:  With no game scheduled for the next four days the Nuggets decided to rest  Wilson Chandler  and his sore left foot/ankle against the road-challenged Wizards. Denver didn't need Chandler in this one. BAD MOVE: John Wall  was getting to the line early but when  Raymond Felton  came into the game he stopped his penetration. Wall scored all 13 of his points in the first half. ROOKIE WATCH:  The Wizards have six of them on the roster, and Crawford, Wall and  Trevor Booker  stood out in this one. The trio combined for 42 points, 14 rebounds and 12 assists. NOTABLE:  The Nuggets had 22 of their 45 rebounds in the first quarter. UP NEXT:  For the Wizards, Sunday @ Golden State, Monday @ Utah, Wednesday vs. Miami. For the Nuggets, Wednesday vs. Sacramento, Friday @ Sacramento, Sunday, April 3, @ Los Angeles Lakers. 
