  Lakers-Hornets notebook   By Larry Holder, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday December 29, 2010 11:47PM THE FACTS: Lamar Odom  came off the bench for the first time this season with Andrew Bynum making his first start and Odom still scored a game-high 24 points as the Los Angeles Lakers cruised by the New Orleans Hornets 103-88 on Wednesday night at the New Orleans Arena. The Lakers win halted a three-game losing streak. QUOTABLE:  "We had three losses, we might as well do it now. I anticipated doing it in the new year when we'd have a couple of days of practice and kind of have some activity that we could blend Pau (Gasol) back out to the wing." --Lakers coach  Phil Jackson  on making the lineup switch in starting Bynum over Odom to change things up because of the losing streak THE STAT:  Bynum played 30 minutes on Wednesday, which is the most minutes he's seen since returning from his knee injury. He was certainly effective going 8 of 12 from the floor for 18 points. Bynum said he'll have a better handle of how his knee responds Thursday with it being a day after the game. TURNING POINT:  The Lakers only led 26-23 at the end of the first quarter. Then Los Angeles broke the game open as the Lakers went on a 20-6 run to start the second quarter to take a 46-29 advantage midway through the second quarter. It set the stage for a relatively easy win. HOT:  The Lakers as a whole. They shot 58.6 percent from the floor for the game and blistered the Hornets worse in the first half shooting at a 67.6 percent clip in the first 24 minutes. NOT : Hornets guard  Marcus Thornton  had been a spark plug off the bench, but has been struggling as of late going only 2 of 11 from the floor with five points. Thornton was cold on Monday as well shooting 3 of 11. QUOTABLE II:  "They don't have anything missing. ... I don't see anything missing from that team. ... There's no holes in that team." --Hornets coach  Monty Williams  said about the Lakers before the game. Los Angeles proved him right during the game. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Arkansas football players and coaching staff attended Wednesday night's game as the Razorbacks are in town to for the Sugar Bowl against Ohio State on Jan. 4 across the street from the New Orleans Arena in the Superdome. Rapper  Lil' Wayne  and Texas Rangers manager  Ron Washington  also attended Wednesday night's game. NOTABLE : Lakers guard  Kobe Bryant  only played 28 minutes scoring 20 points ... Jackson said he's not happy that the NBA owns the Hornets. "Who's going to trade who to whom? Who's going to pull the button on it? Trading players and when Chris (Paul) says he has to be traded, how's that going to go?" When asked about the Hornets' long-term viability in New Orleans, Jackson said, "I don't know if New Orleans can support a team. It hasn't been successful in supporting a team until now. So all the situations that have gone on with New Orleans, unfortunately things have happened and if the franchise can't make it, someone is going to have to move them." ... Hornets reserve guard  Willie Green  is back with the team after the death of his sister and cousin in a car crash more than a week ago, but won't play tonight against the Lakers. Williams didn't put a specific timetable on Green's return to the court, though. ... Paul led the Hornets with 20 points. ... Hornets forward  David West  limped off the court and went back to the locker room with a sprained ankle in the second quarter. West came back to start the third quarter, though, and only ended with eight points. ... The Lakers crushed the Hornets on the boards 44-24. UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Tuesday vs. Clippers, Wednesday @ Utah, Friday @ Denver. For the Hornets, Friday @ Boston, Saturday @ Washington, Monday vs. Philadelphia.  