Notebook: Hawks 96, Pistons 89 
 
 
 Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Nov 22, 2013 11:30 PM - Updated Fri Nov 22, 2013 11:30 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  Pistons forward  Josh Smith , who did not start for disciplinary reasons, went scoreless in 20 minutes. Smith, who played his first nine seasons with the Hawks, had not been shut out since Dec. 14, 2004 against Indiana during his rookie season. 
 
 THE LEAD:  Point guard  Jeff Teague  had 18 points and nine assists to lead the Atlanta Hawks to their second victory over the Detroit Pistons in three nights, 96-89, on Friday at The Palace. Center  Al Horford  supplied 17 points and 11 rebounds while forward  Paul Millsap  and guard  Kyle Korve r added 14 points apiece. Second-year forward  Kyle Singler  had a career-high 22 points for Detroit while center  Andre Drummond  notched his seventh consecutive double-double with 15 points and 16 rebounds. Atlanta won the first meeting at home 93-85 on Wednesday.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "As far as I can remember, Josh has always started the game. I knew his dad was not doing so well and that could have been on his mind a little bit. Josh is a great player. He's going to get it going. He's going to be fine." 
 -- Horford on Smith's scoreless outing. 
 
 
 THE STAT:  86. Hawks guard Korver kept his march toward the NBA record for consecutive games with at least one 3-pointer. He made 4-of-6 attempts from beyond the arc to raise his streak to 86 games.  Dana Barros  holds the NBA mark with 89 consecutive games with a 3-pointer.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  Teague made an eye-opening defensive stop with 1:41 remaining. After counterpart  Brandon Jennings  stripped the ball from him, the 6-foot-2 Teague raced back and swatted Jennings' fast-break layup attempt. Atlanta led 92-89 at that point and the Pistons were silenced the rest of the way. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "He made a good play on the ball defensively," Teague said. "I just took my eye off it, trying to see what my options were before I made my move. I knew coach (Mike Budenholzer) was going to show it on film, so I had to make sure to get back and make an attempt on it, either foul him or make a good block, and I was able to meet him at the rim." 
 -- Teague on his game-saving block. 
 
 
 HOT:  Carroll scored nine of his points in the fourth quarter, including a 3-pointer with 2:20 remaining for a five-point Hawks lead. He added a layup in the final minute. Carroll had a double-double with 11 points and 12 rebounds against Detroit on Wednesday.  
 
 NOT:  Jennings had 14 assists but he shot poorly and was brutal down the stretch. He made 4-of 6 field goals and was 1-for-6 during the last eight minutes with four turnovers.  
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Detroit's  Kentavious Caldwell-Pope  had nine points but shot 4 for 14 from the field. He contributed defensively with four of the Pistons' eight steals. Pistons backup point guard  Peyton Siva  had an awful four-minute appearance in the first half in which he made three turnovers.  
 
 NOTABLE:  Smith did not travel back with the team on Wednesday night and coach  Mo Cheeks  decided on the team plane to have a practice. Apparently, the message wasn't received by Smith and he missed the practice, leading to his benching. Cheeks indicated the disciplinary measure was a one-game thing. ... Guards  Chauncey Billups  (knee tendinitis) and  Will Bynum  (sore left hamstring) missed their fourth consecutive games for Detroit. ... Atlanta G  Lou Williams  did not make the trip. Williams, who tore his right ACL last season, is not playing back-to-backs as a precautionary measure. He will be available to play against Boston on Saturday. ... Drummond, who ranks first in field-goal percentage, shot 6-for-7 from the field but he's 6-for-25 from the free-throw line this season after missing five of eight attempts on Friday. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Hawks, Saturday vs. Boston, Tuesday vs. Orlando, Wednesday @ Houston. For the Pistons, Sunday @ Brooklyn, Monday vs. Milwaukee, Wednesday vs. Chicago. 
