  Notebook: Pistons 87, Cavaliers 75 Posted Thursday March 29, 2012 12:37AM By Brian Dulik, for NBA.com     THE FACTS:  Small forward  Tayshaun Prince  matched his season high with 29 points and grabbed eight rebounds, leading the Detroit Pistons to an 87-75 victory over the Cleveland Cavaliers. Point guard  Brandon Knight  added 16 points and five assists for the Pistons, who were playing without  Ben Gordon  and lost  Rodney Stuckey  to a hamstring injury in the first quarter. Cavaliers point guard  Kyrie Irving  collected 22 points, a career-high tying nine rebounds and six assists, while power forward  Antawn Jamison  scored 17 points. The win allowed Detroit to move past Cleveland into 10th place in the Eastern Conference standings. QUOTABLE:  "Collectively, this was a super effort by our guys, especially being short-handed after losing Rodney (Stuckey) a couple of minutes in. Literally, everyone who played stepped up for us tonight."   -- Pistons coach  Lawrence Frank THE STAT:  Trusted veteran Prince turned back the clock in shooting 11-for-21 from the field, including 4-for-4 beyond the arc, and 3-for-4 from the foul line. In Detroit's first visit to Quicken Loans Arena this season, the 10th-year pro missed 13 of his 15 field-goal attempts and only had seven points. "I've always struggled in this building, including the last time I was here," said Prince, who played in three Pistons/Cavaliers playoff series between 2006-2009. "For whatever reason, I've missed a lot of open shots and had problems scoring. Tonight, it was a good thing I got two easy layups in the first quarter to get me going."     TURNING POINT:  The Cavaliers, who trailed by 15 points in the third quarter, pulled within 76-71 at the four-minute mark of the fourth when Irving buried a jumper. Following a Detroit miss, Irving attempted a long 3-pointer that drew nothing but iron, allowing Knight to race to the other end and drain a three that extended the Pistons' lead to 79-71 with 3:04 left. Cleveland never got closer than six points the rest of the way. "Me being the same age as Kyrie and in the same draft class, it's so exciting to play against him," Knight said of his fellow rookie. "I was just trying to step up tonight with the other guys out." QUOTABLE II:  "Prince looked like he did five or six years ago. Tayshaun played extremely well and really won the game for them. He's won championships, so he knows how to put the ball in the basket when the game is on the line."   -- Cavaliers coach  Byron Scott HOT:  Pistons power forward  Jason Maxiell  had 12 points, nine rebounds and three blocked shots. He went 6-for-9 shooting, including two thunderous, right-handed putback dunks. "Our main objective offensively is attacking the rim," Maxiell said. ... Detroit center  Ben Wallace  made a game-high four blocks and grabbed six boards in 16 minutes off the bench. ... Pistons power forward  Austin Daye  scored eight points in 29 minutes. "I'm not going to lie, in the third quarter I was really sucking wind," said Daye, who logged his most court time since Jan. 30 at Milwaukee. ... Detroit center  Greg Monroe  had eight points and a team-high 10 rebounds, extending his streak of games with at least five caroms to an NBA-leading 76. ... The Pistons won back-to-back road games for just the second time this season. "We'll try and continue to build upon that," Knight said. ... Cavaliers center  Tristan Thompson  led everyone with 11 boards. NOT:  The Cavaliers equaled their season low in points and tied their longest home losing streak of 2011-2012 at four games. They also lost their fifth straight contest overall, making them 1-8 since March 13. "We're going to keep playing and we're going to keep fighting," Scott said. "That's the only thing we know." ... Jamison had one defensive rebound in 37 minutes, shot 7-for-21, and made three turnovers. He also was repeatedly victimized by Maxiell and Daye. ... Cleveland's starting lineup combined to go 22-for-63 from the field. Irving was the top marksman in the bunch at 9-for-19, but committed a game-high five turnovers. ... Thompson shot 3-for-12, all coming on attempts in the paint. ... Cavaliers power forward  Luke Walton  played 11 minutes, but his only statistics were two fouls and two turnovers. ... Pistons small forward  Jonas Jerebko  had four fouls and missed both of his field goal tries in 15 minutes. QUOTABLE III:  "This has been a tough stretch of games, and this is our fifth loss in a row. Everyone is down on us, but we just have to pull it together and continue to compete. I'm still remaining optimistic, and we still want to surprise people."   -- Irving GOOD MOVE:  After Stuckey strained his left hamstring just 6:47 into the game, Frank called upon point guard  Will Bynum  and Daye to pick up the slack. Bynum responded with eight points and some quality defensive work, while the 6-foot-11 Daye gave the Cavaliers fits with his long arms and soft shooting touch. "Austin's length was a factor at both ends of the floor tonight, so it was good," Frank said. The seldom-used Daye played so well in the first half that he started the third quarter, temporarily shifting Prince to shooting guard -- the position usually manned by Gordon and Stuckey. BAD MOVE:  During his pregame press conference, Scott said "either Kyrie (Irving) or A.J. (Jamison), one of them has to be on the floor at all times for us to be successful." Once the contest began, neither starter was on the court for the first 2:15 of the second quarter or the opening 4:28 of the fourth. Though the Cavaliers were only outscored 10-8 during those timeframes, they lost all of their offensive mojo without their top two scorers in the game. "I kept them out at that particular time, just to see if the second unit could hold serve -- and they were able to do that," Scott explained. NOTABLE:  Gordon traveled to Cleveland, but did not dress for the game due to a strained right groin that he suffered Monday in Washington. The Pistons' sixth man received treatment at the arena, where he also was spotted watching postgame highlights on NBA.com. ... Frank said he had "no clue" whether Stuckey would be able to play Friday when the Pistons travel to Chicago. Stuckey sat out three games last week with a sore left toe, but only played five quarters before going down with the hamstring problem. ... Cavaliers guards  Manny Harris  and  Donald Sloan  -- both recent signees from the NBA D-League -- combined for 11 points and three assists in 27 minutes. Harris was playing for the Canton Charge, while Sloan was a member of the Erie BayHawks. UP NEXT:  For the Pistons, Friday @ Chicago, Saturday vs. Charlotte, Tuesday vs. Orlando. For the Cavaliers, Friday vs. Milwaukee, Saturday @ New York, Tuesday vs. San Antonio.  