  Magic-Lakers notebook   By Bryan Chu, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday March 15, 2011 2:35AM THE FACTS:  His health has rarely been right. His mentality during games questioned in the past. But on a night against the best big man in the league in  Dwight Howard ,  Andrew Bynum  came up with a career night. Bynum controlled the glass and the paint defensively as he helped the Lakers push through with a decisive 97-84 victory Monday at Staples Center. For the Lakers (48-20), five players finished in double figures, including 10 points, a career-high 18 rebounds and four blocks from Bynum.  Pau Gasol  led all scorers with 23 points and  Lamar Odom  added 16. Battling a left ankle sprain,  Kobe Bryant  finished with 16 points. The Lakers are now 10-1 record since the All-Star Break. Despite shooting 47.1 percent from the field to the Lakers' 43.8 percent, Orlando (42-26) committed 13 more turnovers. The Magic was also outrebounded 14-6 on the offensive glass. In the loss, Dwight Howard finished with 22 points and 15 rebounds. He did, however, commit more turnovers than the Lakers did as a team. Los Angeles had five turnovers and Howard committed nine (Orlando had 18).  Hedo Turkoglu  added 12 points and  Ryan Anderson  chipped in with 13. The Magic had a narrow 46-41 at halftime despite holding the Lakers to 35.4 percent shooting to the Magic's 47.2 percent. What kept the Lakers in the game was an 11-3 advantage on the offensive glass, which led to a 17-4 advantage on second chance points in the first half. The Lakers turned it up defensively in the third quarter, causing six Magic turnovers. In the third period, Los Angeles outscored Orlando 30-20 and 26-18 in the final period. QUOTABLE:  "It's really just going hard and trying to get every rebound. That's all I'm focusing on, seriously."  --  Bynum on his recent play. THE STAT:  27:17 -- Amount of time that elapsed before the Lakers took their first lead of the game, an 18-foot jumper by Bryant at the 8:43 mark to put the Lakers up 50-48 in the third quarter. TURNING POINT:  The Lakers second unit got it done. After a 3-pointer by  Shannon Brown  at the start of the fourth quarter, the Lakers went on a 14-3 run to go up 85-69. Part of Los Angeles' run included a 3-point dagger at the 9:12 mark by former Magic  Matt Barnes . That basket from the right corner gave the Lakers a 77-66 lead, which was their first double-digit lead of the game. QUOTABLE II:  "It's become a problem. The Chicago Bulls game we lost on the boards...when you give up 14 offensive rebounds, you're going to have a problem winning the game."  --  Magic coach  Stan Van Gundy  on their lack of size and rebounding being an issue. HOT:  Bynum has been one of the NBA's hottest players in the last two weeks. In his last six contests, Bynum is averaging 15.7 rebounds and has already grabbed 17 or more rebounds in three games during this stretch. Bynum could have posted even bigger numbers had he not picked up his fourth foul early in the third quarter. Of the 18 rebounds he snagged against Orlando, Bynum had nine offensive, which was three more than the entire Magic team. Going against the best big man in the league in Howard, Bynum set the tone early. He blocked Howard twice in the first quarter, one a reverse layup and another a running hook in the first quarter. Bynum registered six points, 11 rebounds and three blocks in the first quarter. QUOTABLE III:  "I think his understanding of how valuable he can be for us on the defensive end, rebounding and really being the anchor for us on defense, I think that mentality has allowed him to take huge steps in terms of what we're doing...To continue to hold teams consistently in the 80s the way we have the last couple of weeks, a lot of it begins and ends with his presence. He's been phenomenal."  --  Derek Fisher  on the importance and changed mentality of Bynum. NOT: The final stats (13 points, 6-for-10 shooting, eight assists) might not show it, but  Jameer Nelson  hurt the Magic by not being on the floor when it counted. Nelson was saddled with foul trouble all night. Three of his first four fouls were on the offensive end. He had a pair of pushoffs called with Fisher on him. Bryant also drew a charge on Nelson. Had Nelson been in the game in the first half, the Magic could have built on their nine-point lead. Instead, he was largely ineffective. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Monitor Bryant's status continuously. Though he played just two days after a severe left ankle sprain, Bryant was not his usual self. He went 7-for-19 from the field in 30 minutes of action. Last season, he missed five games after an ankle sprain on the same foot. After the game, Bryant said he wasn't really limited tonight by the ankle. "It affected my bounce a little bit just because of the trust factor," he said. "It was more mental. I was still kind of being unsure." NOTABLE:  Fisher had one of his best games of the season. He effectively took out Orlando's third best scorer in Nelson and Fisher also chipped in with 15 points, which is the most he has scored in about month. UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Friday vs. Minnesota, Sunday vs. Portland, Tuesday vs. Phoenix. For the Magic, Wednesday @ Milwaukee, Friday vs. Denver, Monday @ Cleveland.  