Notebook: Suns 104, Magic 96 
 
 
 Bill Fay, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Nov 24, 2013 10:08 PM - Updated Sun Nov 24, 2013 10:08 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  Phoenix had lost five straight to the Magic and seven of its last eight to the Magic. The Suns' seven losses were by an average of 16 points a game. 
 
 THE LEAD: Goran Dragic  and  Channing Frye  combined for the Suns' last 11 points of the game as Phoenix held off repeated second-half rallies by Orlando to beat the Magic 104-96. The Suns had a 10-point halftime lead and saw it cut to three on three occasions in the second half, but each time Dragic or Frye responded.  Dragic put the game away with a step-back 3-pointer over Magic center  Nikola Vucevic  that made it 102-92 with just over a minute left in the game. 
 Dragic led the Suns with 23 points and 13 assists.  Gerald Green  added 20 points and Frye finished with 14 points and seven rebounds.  
 Vucevic led Orlando with 20 points and 10 rebounds.  Andrew Nicholson  had 19 points and eight boards and  Arron Afflalo  had 16 points, seven rebounds and six assists. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "It's always a key when somebody is making a run that somebody makes a shot and stops it and keeps the crowd out of it. We did a great job of finishing the game tonight. We took the right shots. We didn't try to force anything. We just made the right play." --  Suns coach  Jeff Hornacek . 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Phoenix won the game despite shooting only three free throws. The Suns one made free throw for the game. The last time a team won a game making only one free throw, the New Orleans Jazz beat the Houston 103-101 on Nov. 19, 1977. The Jazz were one-for-five that night. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  When the Magic got it to 93-90 after Nicholson's third 3-pointer of the game with 3:27 to left in the game, Frye hit back-to-back layups and Dragic scored on a drive to give Phoenix breathing room at 99-92 with 2:02 to play. Dragic's step-back 3 a minute later, closed it out.   
 
 QUOTABLE II : Give them credit, they have some shot makers over there. They have guys that get the ball in their hands and make plays and make shots for their team." --  Magic  c oach  Jacque Vaughn . 
 
 
 HOT:  Suns' Green, who was 0-8 from 3-point territory against Charlotte Friday night, hit four of nine treys against the Magic. ...Nicholson, 0-for-11 from behind the 3-point line the last nine games, hit three of four bombs and scored 19 points in 25 minutes. ...Dragic had six turnovers against Charlotte, four in the fourth quarter, but had zero turnovers and 13 assists against Orlando. ... Twins  Markieff  and  Marcus Morris  had 12 and 16 points respectively, and also pulled down 13 rebounds between them.   
 
 NOT: Jason Maxiell , who started 10 of the Magic's first 11 games, hasn't played a minute in the last two. ...  Glen Davis , who had 20 points in 27 minutes in his season debut Saturday, had just six in 22 minutes Sunday.  
 .  
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Hornacek called a 20-second timeout after the Magic cut a 14-point deficit to just 88-83 just over six minutes to play so he could get starting guards Dragic and Green back in the game. Dragic immediately fed Frye for a 3-pointer to blunt the rally. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Vaughn gave Davis and  Tobias Harris  too much playing time in a very winnable game. Davis was playing for the just the second game this season and Harris was playing his first. Both were on the floor four minutes in the fourth quarter and neither scored.   
 
 NOTABLE:  The Magic have played three back-to-backs this season and are 0-6. They have two more coming up in the next week. ... The Suns outscored the Magic 18-6 on fastbreak points. 
 
 QUOTABLE   III:  "We know those guys played yesterday and they would be a little bit tired so we tried to jump them early and take advantage. It's very tough to play back-to-back games and have energy . Our goal was to play fast as possible, get easy buckets and be solid defensively." --  Dragic. 
 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Suns: Monday @ Miami, Wednesday vs. Portland, Friday @ Utah. For the Magic, Tuesday @ Atlanta, Wednesday vs. Philadelphia, Friday vs. San Antonio. 
