
 Kings-Nets notebook   By Jake Appleman, for NBA.com Posted Saturday October 30, 2010 12:14AM THE FACTS:  The New Jersey Nets overcame 26 turnovers to defeat the Sacramento Kings 106-100 in front of another loud crowd at the Prudential Center.  Brook Lopez  (29 points, 6 rebounds, 5 assists, 5 turnovers) dominated the first half against the overmatched Kings frontline, while  Devin Harris  (21 points, 10 assists) shined in the role of closer for the second time in three nights.  Tyreke Evans  and  Fransisco Garcia  led a balanced Kings attack with 18 points apiece. QUOTABLE:  "If you score 106 points and you have 26 turnovers, that's like a summer league game at the rec center."   -  Nets coach  Avery Johnson,  on his team's sloppiness THE STAT:  The Nets shot 45 free throws. TURNING POINT:  Back-to-back buckets from Harris--a wing 3-pointer and a midrange stepback jumper--gave the cardiac Nets their second come-from-behind victory in as many games. The Nets took the lead on the three at 98-97, and extended it to 100-97 on the stepback. QUOTABLE II:  "We have to stop fouling so much. When we take 93 shots and the Nets take 61, we are supposed to win."   --  Kings head coach,  Paul Westphal . HOT:  After averaging 25 points,12 rebounds and 2.5 blocks in two games against the Kings last season, Lopez continued his dominance. NOT:   Beno Udrih  shot 5-15 from the floor and struggled on the defensive end against Harris and  Jordan Farmar  in the first half. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:   Travis Outlaw  pitched in an efficient 18 points. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Sacramento Mayor and former Phoenix Sun,  Kevin Johnson , sat courtside... Seminal hip hop act Salt N' Peppa performed at halftime. In the much hyped rookie battle between  Derrick Favors  and  DeMarcus Cousins , it was Cousins that salted the Nets publicly for choosing Favors third in the Draft, but Favors who got the last laugh, peppering the box score with ten points and seven rebounds in nearly twenty minutes of action. Favors also registered a key dunk late in the third quarter and an important putback early in the final frame. GOOD MOVE:  With  Samuel Dalembert  not a full strength coming off of a left groin injury, Westphal went to  Darnell Jackson . Jackson (12 points, 6 rebounds, +13) was all over the place for the Kings, solidifying what had been soft interior defense. Even Jackson's swagger was everywhere; he yelled "and-one" at full volume midway through the third quarter after not getting a desired whistle, and followed an open midrange jumper in the fourth quarter with a primal scream. ROOKIE WATCH:  Cousins started and finished strong before fouling out, but struggled in between and frequently appeared winded during breaks in the action. NOTABLE:  Farmar and  Terrence Williams  are still getting used to the new digs at the Prudential Center, as they joked about the commute and parking at the arena before the game...Garcia drilled two nearly identical corner 3-pointers to extend the Kings' lead to six on two separate occasions in the fourth quarter, but he missed one with 1:29 remaining to extend the lead to five...The Israeli contingent in attendance to support the Kings' Omri Casspi might have been larger had the game not been held on the sabbath. UP NEXT:  For the Kings, Saturday @ Cleveland, Monday @ Toronto, Wednesday @ LA Lakers. For the Nets, Sunday vs. Miami, Wednesday vs. Charlotte, Friday @ Orlando 
