  Notebook: Cavaliers 96, Thunder 90 Posted Friday March 9, 2012 11:33PM By Randy Renner, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Cleveland rookie point guard  Kyrie Irving  scored two baskets and assisted on another in the last two minutes of the game to lead his Cavaliers to a 96-90 win over the Oklahoma City Thunder. The Cavs are the first visiting team to win inside Chesapeake Energy Arena since the Portland Trail Blazers way back on January 3rd. The Thunder had won 14 straight at home. Irving finished with nine points and 12 assists.  Antawn Jamison  led the Cavs with 21 points.  Anthony Parker  added 14. The Thunder had four players in double figures led by 3-time All-Star  Kevin Durant's  23. He also dished out eight assists but turned the ball over six times.  Russell Westbrook  added 19 and sixth man  James Harden  dropped in 15. The Thunder turned the ball over 17 times, could not control the offensive glass and fired up way too many jump shots only getting to the line 17 times. Even when they got to the stripe they weren't effective going just 10-for-17 (58.8 percent). QUOTABLE:  "We shot 24 threes which is not a good number when you only hit six. We settled too many times for jump shots. It's just not good enough basketball. The turnovers and the offensive rebounds just killed us."  --Thunder Head Coach  Scott Brooks THE STAT:  Cleveland outrebounded OKC 51-40 overall and had a huge 21-8 edge on the offensive glass. The Thunder was just 8-for-21 (38.1 percent) in the fourth quarter and missed all six 3-point attempts. TURNING POINT:  The Thunder grabbed an 85-82 lead on a Durant jumper with just three minutes to play but the Cavaliers played lockdown defense after that forcing the Thunder to miss six straight shots in route to a 12-0 run that sealed the win. QUOTABLE II:  "This is the second straight game where we've had a concerted effort for 48 minutes. Any time you have a losing streak you have doubts but our guys said okay six in a row that's enough and we went out and beat Denver and tonight we beat another really good team. When we compete and play hard we can play with anyone in the league."  -- Cavaliers Head Coach  Byron Scott HOT:  The Cavs hit seven of their first 12 shots (58.3 percent). ...Oklahoma City was 14-for-18 (77.7 percent) in the paint in the first half. ...Irving had seven assists in the first half. ... Thunder forward  Serge Ibaka  had six blocks in the first half...In the fourth quarter Irving was 2-for-3 with three rebounds and two assists. NOT:  The Thunder made just four of their first 12 (33.3 percent)...Cavs forward  Omri Casspi  was 0-for-4 in the first half. ... The Thunder was 0-for-10 on 3-pointers in the second half. ... Durant (1-for-7) and  Daequan Cook  (1-for-6) were a combined 2-for-13 on 3-pointers for the game. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Another supermodel inside Chesapeake Energy Arena.  Kate Upton  visited Wednesday night and  Damaris Lewis  was in the house tonight. Like Upton, Lewis is a  Sports Illustrated  swimsuit model who is a big fan of the Thunder. GOOD MOVE:  Ibaka, who leads the NBA in blocked shots, showed off his hops late in the second quarter by blocking three straight shots on the same Cleveland possession. Ibaka then blocked two straight shots on the Cavs next possession GOOD MOVE TOO:  Cleveland Head Coach  Byron Scott  went with a small lineup for most of the fourth quarter going with Jamison at center. It resulted in the Cavs outscoring OKC 27-21 in the final frame. QUOTABLE III:  "I decided to put  AJ (Jamison)  at the five and surround him with shooters, that's probably our best lineup especially at the end of games."   -- Scott ROOKIE WATCH:   Irving had nine points, 12 assists, six rebounds and three steals...forward  Tristan Thompson  had five points and eight rebounds. Thunder backup point guard  Reggie Jackson  finished with four points, two rebounds and three assists. NOTABLE:  Irving's 12 assists are a career high...The 21 offensive rebounds given up by the Thunder are the second most this season. 21 offensive rebounds are also the second most pulled down by the Cavs this season. UP NEXT:  For the Cavaliers, Sunday vs. Houston, Tuesday vs. Toronto, Wednesday @ Milwaukee. For the Thunder, Saturday vs. Charlotte, Tuesday vs. Houston, Thursday @ Denver.  