  Mavericks-Wizards notebook   By Rich Dubroff, for NBA.com Posted Sunday February 27, 2011 12:49AM THE FACTS:   Jason Terry  had 25 points,  Tyson Chandler  had a season-high 23 and 13 rebounds and  Dirk Nowitzki  added 21 to key the Dallas Mavericks' 105-99 win over the Washington Wizards on Saturday night. It was the fifth straight win and the 15th in the last 16 for Dallas, which has the second best record in the Western Conference, trailing only San Antonio. Chandler's tip-in with 1:17 left broke a 97-all tie and Terry and Nowitzki had two free throws to give the Mavericks a 103-97 lead with 37.7 seconds left. John Wall  led Washington with 24, but he missed two free throws on possible 3-point plays that could have given the Wizards the lead. Washington made just six of 16 free throws. QUOTABLE:  "You're up nine in the fourth early, that's a situation where you kind of want to go up 15, ice your knees and get on the bus. It didn't happen, but at the end of the day, we want wins."  -- Terry on the Mavericks' nearly blowing the game to the Wizards. THE STAT:  Washington missing 10 of 16 free throws. "We shoot free throws, we win the game," Wizards coach  Flip Saunders  said. TURNING POINT:  Chandler's tip-in with 1:17 to play. It's hard to believe that Chandler's has never scored more than 27 points in any game in his laudable nine-year career. "I wanted to come out tonight and make a statement," Chandler said. "I really wanted to get involved, because coming after the All-Star break, I know it's the stretch now here we've really got to get focused and make our playoff push," Chandler said. QUOTABLE II:  "I thought Jason Kidd had some key stops. For him to be 37 -- I believe that's his age-and still running up and down the court with their young fellas-man. That young dude on the other side, who may be one of the top three, two fastest guys in the league, that's impressive."  - -Chandler on Kidd, who had 14 assists, matching up with Wall. HOT:  Chandler hit 10 of 14 from the field -- six of them dunks. NOT:  The Wizards from the free throw line -- missing all six in the fourth quarter. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Chandler may be a late-blooming offensive threat. With Nowitzki, Terry and Kidd all well over 30, Chandler could start becoming a go-to-guy. GOOD MOVE:  The Mavericks looking for Chandler, who easily overpowered  JaVale McGee. BAD MOVE:  The Wizards repeatedly bricking free throw after free throw in the fourth quarter. They obviously need some extra practice. ROOKIE WATCH:  The Wizards have four rookies on their roster, and all played. Besides Wall's 24,  Jordan Crawford  had 10 in his first game since being traded from Atlanta,  Trevor Booker  had eight, but missed five of seven free throws.  Kevin Seraphin  also had eight. Wall shot a career-high 26 times -- seven more than his previous high. The Mavericks have no rookies on the active roster, but six players with 10 or more years experience played. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Germany's ambassador to the U.S.,  Klaus Scharioth , led a large contingent of his countrymen, who were there to watch Nowitzki. They met with him by the Dallas bench before the game. NOTABLE:  The Mavericks have won 42 games-and none by 20 points or more. The Wizards have won 15-two by more than 20. UP NEXT:  For the Mavericks: Sunday @ Raptors, Tuesday @ Sixers, Friday vs. Pacers. For the Wizards: Monday vs. Bulls, Wednesday vs. Warriors, Saturday vs. Timberwolves  