  Bobcats-Trail Blazers notebook   By Kerry Eggers, for NBA.com Posted Sunday March 6, 2011 1:15AM THE FACTS:  The Trail Blazers turned it on in the second half en route to a 93-69 victory over the Charlotte Bobcats Saturday night at the Rose Garden. Portland (35-27) scored the final 10 points of the first half to go in front 40-35, then outscored the Bobcats (26-36) 53-34 in the second half to win going away. QUOTABLE:  "We finally started knocking down some shots in the second half. We just could not put the ball in the hole in the first half. The defense was pretty good, but we missed wide-open looks, we missed layups. Then the second half, we started to see some of those balls go down."   --  Portland coach  Nate McMillan . THE STAT:  Portland scored 31 points on 22 Charlotte turnovers. The Bobcats scored six points in nine Blazer turnovers. TURNING POINT:  Charlotte led 45-42 early in the third quarter when the Blazers used a 13-0 run to go on top 55-45. QUOTABLE II:  "Patty's one of those guys who provides us energy when we're lacking. His efforts can't go unnoticed."   --  Portland's  Marcus Camby  on teammate  Patty Mills , whose 12 points off the bench on four 3-pointers were a catalyst. HOT:  On a night when the Blazer shooters weren't on, Mills knocked down 4 of 7 3-pointers to provide some sorely needed scoring punch. NOT:  Charlotte's interior guys,  Boris Diaw  and  Kwame Brown , combined for 1-for-14 shooting. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:   LaMarcus Aldridge  produced 26 points, seven rebounds and a pair of blocked shots for the Blazers. INSIDE THE ARENA:   Joel Przybilla , sent to Charlotte from Portland in the Gerald Wallace trade 10 days ago, received a standing ovation when he entered the game for the Bobcats late inn the first quarter. Late in the game, fans serenaded him by chanting "Joel Przybilla!" in tribute to the player who spent 6 1/2 seasons in a Blazer uniform. GOOD MOVE:  For the second time this season,  Andre Miller  pulled a fast one on the opposition by faking a timeout. As the Bobcat players relaxed, he streaked to the basket, where his driving layup was goaltended by Dante Cunningham. BAD MOVE:  Charlotte wasn't able to get enough ballhandling help against Portland's traps and double-teams for point guard  D.J. Augustin  and  Shaun Livingston , who combined for 10 turnovers and four assists. NOTABLE:  Portland shot .368 in the first half, .500 in the second half. UP NEXT:  For the Blazers, at Orlando Monday, at Miami Tuesday, at Charlotte Friday. For the Bobcats, L.A. Clippers Monday, Chicago Wednesday, Portland Friday.  