
 Nets-Bobcats notebook   By Derek S. Smith, for NBA.com Posted Friday February 11, 2011 11:05PM THE FACTS:   Brook Lopez  scored 31 points, grabbed 11 rebounds and dominated the Charlotte Bobcats Friday night as the New Jersey Nets stopped a 12-game road losing streak with a 94-89 win at Time Warner Cable Arena.  Stephen Jackson  scored 21 and  Gerald Wallace  added 20 for the Bobcats, who dropped their second straight. QUOTABLE:  "We really talked about coming out in the first five minutes and bringing a lot of energy because our bench always brings energy. We finally did that tonight and had some carryover from our last game. For me, I just tried to crash a lot more. I felt active on the glass tonight and let the game come to me."   -- Brook Lopez THE STAT:  Second chances. The Nets dominated the glass on both ends of the court, but really had a strong showing on the offensive end of things. New Jersey grabbed 13 offensive rebounds and converted them into 20 second-chance points while Charlotte managed just five offensive boards and seven second chance points. TURNING POINT:   Devin Harris  sealed the victory Friday with 2:53 to play in the game. Harris backed  D.J. Augustin  down on the low block and used a ball fake and then sank a jumper off the glass to put the Nets up 85-79 and squelched the Charlotte run. QUOTABLE II:  "Nothing. That's what I saw. Nothing. We didn't hustle. We didn't play with energy. We did absolutely nothing. We waited too long to try and make a run. It just didn't work. We played harder in practice yesterday than we played in the game tonight. It's very disappointing. Very disappointing."   -- Bobcats coach  Paul Silas HOT:  Lopez had a 31-point, 11-rebound night, which included making 14 of 27 field goal attempts. He added an assist, a block and a steal. It was just his second double-double of the season. Lopez had struggled against Charlotte coming into tonight's game, scoring just 30 points in the first two meetings. NOT:  Augustin was just 2-for-10 from the floor and 0-for-4 from behind the arc Friday night. He scored four points and had only two assists with no steals. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Harris had a strong night against the Bobcats. He had 16 points with eight assists and no turnovers while adding four rebounds and a 7-for-8 night at the charity stripe. GOOD MOVE:  Switching up the routine. New Jersey coach  Avery Johnson  brought the team to Charlotte a day early for a practice session away from home and switched up their pregame routine as well. "I liked the way they looked yesterday in our little session. They got after it hard. We totally changed up our routine. Nobody complained about it because we really didn't have another choice but to try something else." NOTABLE:  The Nets picked up their first road win since Dec. 21 at Memphis. Lopez recorded his second double-double of the season. His 11 rebounds tied a season high. Kris Humphries had his 17th double-double of the season. Harris was in double figures for the 39th time this season. The Nets' bench outscored Charlotte's 35-24. Jackson has scored 20 or more points in eight of his last 11 games. Wallace has scored in double figures and had at least nine rebounds in each of his last six games.  Shaun Livingston  has scored in double figures in three of the last four games and is averaging 11points in that stretch. UP NEXT:  For the Nets, Saturday vs. Knicks, Monday vs. San Antonio, Wednesday @ Boston. For the Bobcats, Saturday @ Hawks, Monday vs. Lakers, Tuesday @ Bulls. 
