  Notebook: Nets 97, Sixers 90   By Andy Jasner, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday January 25, 2012 10:46PM THE FACTS: Deron Williams  scored 34 points to go along with 11 assists in leading the New Jersey Nets to a rare road victory, 97-90 in overtime over the Philadelphia 76ers on Wednesday night at the Wells Fargo Center.  Kris Humphries  had 13 points and a season-high 19 rebounds for the Nets, who improved to 6-13 and just 4-8 on the road.  Anthony Morrow  also scored 16 points for the Nets. Lou Williams  led the Sixers with 17 points while  Elton Brand  added 16 points. The Sixers (12-6) fell to 8-2 at home and had their eight-game winning streak snapped against the Nets.  Jrue Holiday  also scored 14 points for the Sixers, who are 1-1 on this seven-game homestand. QUOTABLE:  "At the end of the game, we basically put the ball in Deron's hands and said, 'Take us home.'"  --  Nets coach  Avery Johnson , on Williams' 3-pointer with 26.8 seconds left in overtime to snap a 90-all tie. THE STAT:  The Nets outrebounded Philadelphia, 45-37. Not many teams have outhustled the Sixers this season. TURNING POINT:  With the game tied at 90 in overtime, Williams hit that clutch 3-pointer and the Nets went on to score the final seven points. HOT:  Williams was 14-for-28 from the field and made some difficult shots down the stretch and in overtime. NOT:  Sixers guard  Evan Turner  missed seven of his 10 shots. QUOTABLE II:  "It starts with the most basic thing and that's getting back on defense. We did that."  --. Humphries, on how the Nets were able to secure a road win. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Williams was terrific in every aspect for the Nets with 34 points, 11 assists and four rebounds. INSIDE THE ARENA:  A late-arriving crowd showed up for the Nets-76ers game Wednesday night at the Wells Fargo Center. By the end, there was a nice showing of 13,138 for the upstart Sixers. Philadelphia Eagles coach  Andy Reid  watched the game from a luxury suite. QUOTABLE III:  "Deron Williams, to say the least, was absolutely sensational."  --  Sixers coach  Doug Collins . GOOD MOVE:  The Nets kept running their offense through Williams, especially in overtime. The savvy veteran point guard came up huge, including the above-mentioned clinching 3-pointer for a 93-90 advantage with 26.8 seconds left in overtime. BAD MOVE:  The Sixers didn't do enough to get the ball out of Williams' hands. They could have done more to force other Nets to score. ROOKIE WATCH:  Nets swingman  MarShon Brooks  missed the game with a sore left Achilles. Sixers forward  Nikola Vucevic  was out for the second straight game with a left knee quad strain. Philadelphia forward  Lavoy Allen , who had his best game of the season with 10 points against the Washington Wizards Monday night, scored six points in 17 minutes. NOTABLE:  Brand fouled out with 4:21 left in overtime. ... The Sixers are 0-2 in overtime this season. ... The Nets connected on 12 3-pointers, the most given up by the Sixers this season. ...  Spencer Hawes  (left Achilles strain) missed his fifth straight game. ... Since scoring 100 or more points in four of the first five games, the Sixers have gotten to 100 just five times over the past 13 games. NEXT:  For the Nets, Friday @ Cleveland, Sunday vs. Toronto, Tuesday @ Indiana. For the Sixers, Friday vs. Charlotte, Saturday vs. Detroit, Monday vs. Orlando.  