  Cavs-Hawks notebook   By Matt Winkeljohn, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday December 22, 2010 11:11PM THE FACTS:  The Hawks made their first nine shots in the second half Wednesday to create breathing room, and  Joe Johnson  scored 23 points in the best of his four games since returning from elbow surgery to lead the hosts to a 98-84 win over the Cavaliers. Cleveland fell for the 12th time in 13 games, and Atlanta won its eighth straight home game. Johnson made 9 of 17 shots, and fellow starters  Al Horford  (18 points),  Marvin Williams  (17) and  Josh Smith  (16) combined to make 23 of 38 shots (60.5 percent).  Antawn Jamison  led the Cavaliers with 23 points, but scored just one point over the final 15:22. Cleveland guard  Daniel Gibson  had 12 points after scoring a career-high 29 in Monday's loss to Utah.  Mo Williams  added 18 points and 11 assists for Cleveland. QUOTABLE:  "I think Joe is starting to find his rhythm. We ran quite a few plays for him."    -- Hawks coach  Larry Drew  commenting on Joe Johnson  THE STAT:  Cleveland entered the game leading the NBA in bench points with 39.4 per game, but the Cavs' reserves mustered 48.2 percent of their average and scored just eight points in the second half. Atlanta's subs outrebounded Cleveland 12-7 while registering eight assists and two blocked shots to four assists and no blocks for the Cavs' subs. TURNING POINT:  Hawks reserve point guard  Jeff Teague  spearheaded Atlanta's rally from a 22-17 first quarter deficit by pushing a frenetic pace. While he played the first 5:03 of the second quarter, Atlanta outscored the Cavs 14-5 and he had three points, two assists, a rebound, a steal, and a blocked shot.  QUOTABLE II:  "We have started to figure it out here at home. Now, we have to figure it out on the road."    -- Joe Johnson on Atlanta, who has won eight straight at home but is 8-7 on the road. HOT:  The Hawks have surrendered 85 or fewer points while winning three of their past four games (losing 89-82 Sunday at New Jersey in that stretch) ... Smith had his fourth straight double-double with 16 points and 11 rebounds (and he added six assists) ... Mo Williams has registered double-digit assists in four straight games after dropping 11 dimes Wednesday. He's had 46 assists (11.5 against the Hawks) in that span. GOOD MOVE:  Drew's decision to have Johnson post up when Cleveland guards Mo Williams or Gibson -- both considerably smaller -- was defending him paid dividends. Drew also said he opted to call for post-ups out of Smith and Horford (combined for 20 second-half points) when they were defended in the second half by Jamison. NOTABLE:  The Hawks' ownership group, The Spirit, announced Wednesday that they had reached an agreement to buy out disgruntled soon-to-be-former partner Steve Belkin, concluding a lawsuit that was born in 2005 after Belkin was uphappy with the organization's decision to acquire Joe Johnson via trade. The Spirit also owns the NHL's Thrashers and Philips Arena, where the Hawks and Thrashers play their home games ...  Jamal Crawford , who was the NBA's Sixth Man of the Year last season, missed his fifth straight game for the Hawks because of a sore back ... Marvin Williams moved back into the starting lineup Wednesday after coming off the bench Monday in the Hawks' win over the Magic. Center  Jason Collins  moved from the starting lineup back to a reserve role. UP NEXT:  For the Cavs, Sunday vs. T-Wolves, Tuesday vs. Magic, Wednesday @ Bobcats. For the Hawks, Sunday @ Hornets, Monday @ Bucks, Wednesday vs. Warriors.  