Notebook: Heat 104 Raptors 95 
 
 
 Scott Campsall, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Nov 05, 2013 11:23 PM - Updated Tue Nov 05, 2013 11:23 PM 
 
 THE FACT:   LeBron James  reached yet another milestone Tuesday when he became the fifth player in NBA history to score in double digits for 500 consecutive games. He reached that mark with a putback dunk at 2:31 of the first quarter. 
 
 THE LEAD:  James put forth another dominating all-around performance, scoring a season-high 35 points, grabbing eight rebounds and dishing out eight assists to help the  Chris Bosh less Miami Heat (3-2) down the Toronto Raptors (2-2) 104-95 Tuesday night at the Air Canada Centre.  Dwayne Wade  and  Ray Allen  also stepped up in Bosh's absence, pitching in a combined 34 points. 
 
 Jonas Valanciunas  was one of the few bright spots for the Raptors, scoring 18 points and corralling 9 rebounds in just 27 minutes of action. Valanciunas brought a great deal of energy early and was a big reason why the Raptors led after the opening quarter.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "It's very humbling and I just go out and play every night those are the results of it. When I see a stat like that it's like 'wow'.  I know the history of the game and I know the guys who paved the way for my myself and my teammates. To be in such a great class like that is an amazing feeling."  -- Heat forward James on becoming the fifth player in NBA history to score 10 points or more in 500 consecutive games.  
 
 THE STAT:  Toronto went scoreless for the first 4:28 of the fourth quarter, during which the Heat went on a 12-0 run.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  With the game tied at 71 late in the third quarter, the Heat closed out the remaining minutes on a 7-3 run including a buzzer beating step back jumper by Wade. Miami continued that run into the fourth, scoring the first 12 points and putting the Raptors away for good.  
 
 HOT:  James made 13 of his 20 field goals and all eight of his free throw attempts. He also led the team in points, assists and rebounds.  
 
 HOT:   DeMar DeRozan  continued his solid start to the season for the Raptors. He scored a team-high 21 points and was 8-15 from the floor.  
 
 NOT:  Rudy Gay  on the other hand, has started slowly. He shot just 3-of-10, making him 21-of-65 on the season.  
 
 NOTABLE:  Bosh did not make the trip to Toronto as he was with his wife for the birth of their daughter. ...  Shane Battier  of the Heat started his first regular season game since April 10th, 2013 against the Washington Wizards. ...  Steve Novak  missed his third straight game with a lingering back injury. ... There were more than a few celebrities on hand at the ACC, including rapper  Macklemore , Toronto Maple Leafs winger  Phil Kessel  and  D.J Jazzy Jeff  who performed at Halftime.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Raptors, Wednesday @ Charlotte, Friday @ Indiana, Saturday vs. Utah. For the Heat, Thursday vs. the Clippers, Saturday vs. Boston, Tuesday vs. Milwaukee.  
