  Thunder-Wizards notebook   By Rich Dubroff, for NBA.com Posted Monday March 14, 2011 11:01PM THE FACTS:   Kevin Durant  scored 32 points,  Russell Westbrook  had 18 points and 12 assists and  Daequan Cook  had 18 on six 3-pointers as the Oklahoma City Thunder easily defeated the Washington Wizards 116-89 on Monday night. Oklahoma City scored the game's first eight points and led by 21 at halftime and coasted to its fourth straight win. The Northwest Division leaders were helped by the belated debut of  Kendrick Perkins , who had six points and nine rebounds in just under 20 minutes. Perkins, acquired just before the trading deadline from Boston, hadn't played due to a sprained left knee. Washington lost for the fourth straight time and the 20th in 23 games. Trevor Booker  had 14 points and 13 rebounds-a career high.  John Wall  and  JaVale McGee  also had 14.  QUOTABLE:  "I don't do much, so it ain't like I'm taking 20 shots or whatever."   -Perkins on his first game with the Thunder. THE STAT:  Oklahoma City hit 20 of 21 free throws.  James Harden  missed the Thunder's only free throw, their 21st. TURNING POINT:  Oklahoma City scored the first eight points of the game, and the Wizards never made it competitive. QUOTABLE II:  "The sad thing is we played all these times before and had close games with them and took them down to the wire. We usually play good at home, but lately we're just playing bad. We come in and let teams take homecourt away from us early."   -Wall on the Wizards' recent ineffective play. HOT:  Cook shooting 6-for-9 from beyond the arc. NOT:  Washington's  Nick Young , who Saunders said reacts badly to physical play, was just 4 for 16 and missed all four 3-point attempts. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Durant, the league's leading scorer at 28 points a game, had 32 points in the first three quarters, and with a 25-point lead, wasn't needed in the fourth. It's hard to say Durant's underrated, but he still gets far less attention than  Kobe Bryant  or  LeBron James. GOOD MOVE:  Thunder coach  Scott Brooks  starting Perkins against the overmatched Wizards. He couldn't have picked a better time to integrate Perkins. BAD MOVE:  Saunders only getting one technical foul early in the game. He wanted goaltending called, but referee  Olandis Poole  gave him a technical instead. Had he argued more vehemently, he could have missed watching the rest of the mismatch. ROOKIE WATCH:  Midway in the fourth quarter, Washington coach  Flip Saunders  played an entire rookie lineup, Wall, Booker,  Jordan Crawford ,  Kevin Seraphin  and  Hamady N'Diaye  all were on the court. A few minutes later, a sixth rookie,  Mustafa Shakur , replaced Wall. Wall had seven rebounds, five assists and four steals as well as six turnovers. Crawford and Seraphin both had 12 points-a career-high for the latter. N'Diaye scored four for the first time and Shakur did not score. The Thunder has one rookie,  Cole Aldrich , who had two points in seven minutes. INSIDE THE ARENA:  The Wizards implore their fans to stand until they score their first points. When the home team finally scored, more than two minutes, an 8-0 deficit and a 20-second timeout later, most of the crowd of 17,921 had taken a seat. NOTABLE:  Oklahoma City tied its season high when it scored 68 points in the first half. UP NEXT:  For the Thunder: Wednesday @ Heat, Friday vs. Bobcats, Sunday vs. Raptors. For the Wizards: Tuesday @. Bulls, Friday @ Raptors, Sunday vs. Nets.  