  Kings-Jazz notebook   By Andrew Aragon, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday November 23, 2010 12:36AM THE FACTS:   C.J. Miles  came off the bench to score 20 points and  Al Jefferson  had 19 points and eight rebounds as the Utah Jazz beat the Sacramento Kings 94-83 on Monday night. Utah started the second quarter with its second unit of Miles,  Earl Watson, Ronnie Price, Francisco Elson  and  Kyrylo Fesenko  and the players provided some energy. Only Jefferson was subbed in for Elson in the quarter's first eight minutes, and the reserves built a 43-32 lead. Sacramento was led by rookie  DeMarcus Cousins , who had 18 points and nine rebounds. QUOTABLE:  "Obviously a win is a win, but I thought our second group kind of gave us some life in the first half. It seemed like they ran the floor much better. Our execution in the first part of the game was really not much."   -- Jazz coach  Jerry Sloan  on his reserves' play in the second quarter. THE STAT:  24-10. The Jazz had their transition game working against the Kings, outscoring them 24-10 in fast-break points. The Jazz forced 15 turnovers to help them get out and run. The fast-break numbers are skewered because Utah put on the brakes after leading by 22 going into the fourth quarter, and allowed just four fast-break points by the Kings in the first three quarters. TURNING POINT:  Utah started to pull away during what was a dreadful second quarter for Sacramento. The Jazz outscored the Kings 18-8 in the final 7:32 period to take a 49-37 lead into halftime. Sacramento made just two baskets during that span. In the third quarter, the Jazz put the game away when Andrei Kirilenko sank two free throws, and Deron Williams and Paul Millsap each made layups during a 6-0 mini-run to make it 67-50. QUOTABLE II:  "The Jazz did what they do. They executed and I thought that we defended as well as you could reasonably expect to defend but we couldn't make baskets tonight. Shoot 35 percent and you're not going to come in and beat the Jazz."   -Sacramento coach  Paul Westphal  on his team's performance. HOT:  Miles followed an outstanding performance with another quality outing. He made seven of his first nine attempts and shot 8-for-13. Miles, after struggling with his shot for much of the season, broke out of a slump with 25 points and seven 3-pointers against Portland on Saturday. NOT:  The Kings have gone cold since winning three of their first four games. They have now lost eight of their last nine games. They let Monday's game get away from them when they shot 4-for-22 in the second quarter. For the Jazz, Williams missed six of first seven shots. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Sacramento's  Tyreke Evans  disappointed his fantasy owners for the second straight game. He scored just 11 points on 3-for-12 shooting. He had four rebounds and four assists, both of which were below his season averages. GOOD MOVE:  Sloan stuck with his second group longer than usual in the second quarter and it paid off. Miles scored 13 of his points during the period, and the reserves got after the Kings defensively. ROOKIE WATCH:  Cousins, the fifth player selected in the 2010 NBA draft, played 29 minutes and his 18 points were a career-high. Four of his rebounds came on offense, and he shot 8-for-10 from the free-throw line. NOTABLE:  it was win No. 1,200 for Sloan as a head coach with 1,106 of them coming with the Jazz. The Kings have outrebounded their last six opponents. They had a 50-39 edge over the Jazz on the boards. Sacramento has not led at halftime in any of its 13 games. Utah committed just one turnover in the first half and finished with seven. UP NEXT:  For the Kings, Thursday at Clippers, Saturday vs. Bulls, Tuesday vs. Pacers. For the Jazz, Wednesday vs. Hornets, Friday vs. Lakers, Sunday @ Clippers.  