  Notebook: Rockets 99, Nuggets 90 Posted Tuesday February 7, 2012 12:52AM By Michael Kelly, for NBA.com THE FACTS: Luis Scola  had 25 points and eight rebounds,  Kyle Lowry  had 20 points and six assists and the Houston Rockets beat the Denver Nuggets 99-90 on Monday night. Chase Budinger  chipped in 16 for the Rockets. Danilo Gallinari  led the Nuggets with 14 before leaving in the third quarter with an ankle injury.  Al Harrington  had 12 points and 15 rebounds and  Ty Lawson  had 13 points for Denver, which has lost five of six and three straight at home. QUOTABLE:  "It was an interesting game. A lot more games get thrown in the trash like this one will than go to Springfield. They're not looping this game in Springfield I can tell you that. Someone had to win that game and I'm glad it was us."   --  Rockets head coach  Kevin McHale , on the chances the game will be chronicled at the Basketball Hall of Fame. THE STAT:  The Nuggets were shorthanded but hurt themselves with some bad offense. They were 19 of 33 from the line, started the game with 11 missed 3-pointers and finished 3-for-22 from behind the arc. They also had 20 turnovers and a season-low 14 assists. TURNING POINT:  With Houston leading by four with 1:21 left, Harrington missed two free throws. The Rockets came down and Budinger drilled his fourth 3-pointer of the second half to make it 97-90 and effectively ending any hopes of a Denver comeback. QUOTABLE II:  "There were some strange things dealt on our end and we fought through a lot of them. If we would have pulled it out it would have been an incredible win for us but it's still a very disappointing loss."   --  Nuggets head coach  George Karl. HOT:  The Rockets 3-point shooting in the second half. Early in the third quarter they had missed 9 of 12, but they heated up after that.  Goran Dragic  got them going with one midway through the third and the Rockets made their last seven 3s of the game. Budinger had three, including one at the third quarter buzzer that gave Houston a 73-71 lead. Lowry's from the top of the circle made it 94-86 with 2:53 left QUOTABLE III:  "We kept on taking our normal shots and we didn't think about how we'd been missing. We came out like we always did and starting hitting shots in the second half.   --  Budinger, on Houston's 3-point shooting. NOT:  The Nuggets from the foul line and from the 3-point line. They were 19 of 33 of free throws and were even more anemic from long range. Denver missed its first 11 shots from behind the arc and was 3-for-22 overall. GOOD MOVE:  With McHale looking for some energy in his lineup he turned to little-used  Jeff Adrien . Adrien had played just 46 minutes all season but he responded with nine rebounds and two blocked shots in 16 minutes. BAD MOVE:  The Nuggets, already banged up, lost forward Gallinari when he rolled his left ankle when he stepped on  Chandler Parsons'  foot early in the third quarter. An X-ray revealed he had a chip fracture of his left foot and will have a CT scan Tuesday. QUOTABLE IV:  "I am worried but injuries happen. I'm not happy it happened to me. I wanted to play and I wanted to win this game more than anything. I'll be out. I'll be out for I don't know how long."   --  Gallinari. ROOKIE WATCH:  With four players out of the lineup to begin the night Karl started two rookies,  Kenneth Faried  and  Julyan Stone . Faried responded with six points and eight rebounds in 18 minutes. He also had four fouls but drew an offensive foul when the game was still close in the third quarter. Stone had four rebounds from the guard position but had just two points and one assist in 20 minutes. NOTABLE:  Scola has scored 25 or more points 24 times in his career and Lowry has eclipsed the 20-point mark 27 times in his career. ... Harrington has four double-doubles this season and 97 in his career. UP NEXT:  For the Rockets, Wednesday @ Portland, Thursday @ Phoenix, Sunday @ Golden State. For the Nuggets, Wednesday vs. Dallas, Thursday vs. Golden State, Saturday @ Indiana.  