Notebook: Kings 123, Trail Blazers 119 
 
 
 James Ham, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Jan 08, 2014 2:12 AM - Updated Wed Jan 08, 2014 2:12 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Sacramento Kings and the Portland Trail Blazers combined to score 89 points in the fourth quarter Tuesday night in front of a wild Sleep Train Arena crowd. 
 
 THE LEAD:  Desperate for a win on their home floor, the Sacramento Kings (11-22) turned up the heat in the second half and held on for a 123-119 win over the Portland Trail Blazers (26-9). 
 
 DeMarcus Cousins  dominated the paint for Sacramento, leading the Kings in both points with 35 and rebounds with 13.   Rudy Gay  added 32 points on 10-for-16 shooting, including 13 in the deciding fourth quarter before fouling out with just over four minutes remaining.  Isaiah Thomas  dropped in 22 points, eight assists and seven rebounds and  Derrick Williams  kicked in 14 off the Kings bench.   
 Portland was paced by  Damian Lillard' s career-high 41 points. The second-year guard went crazy in the fourth quarter, scoring 26 points on 7-for-11 shooting.  LaMarcus Aldridge  added 24 points, eight rebounds and five assists, while  Robin Lopez  finished with 18 points and seven rebounds in the loss.   
 
 QUOTABLE:  "That's our challenge coming together as a team is -- make a play for a teammate tonight.  It's not always about yourself.  And I thought we looked to do that most of the night on both ends of the floor."  
 -- Kings coach  Michael Malone 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Portland and Sacramento put on a show in the fourth, combining to score 89 points on 24-for-48 shooting.  The two teams shot 45 combined free throws in the quarter and hit 8-for-17 from behind the arc. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  After outscoring the Blazers 25-13 in the third quarter, Sacramento came out firing in the fourth and barely hung on  to beat Portland. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I just didn't want to lose the game."  
 -- Damian Lillard on his career game 
 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "Damian Lillard's a great player.  He's an All-Star.  Like  Kobe Bryant  said, 'Vote for the Damian Lillards of the world'.  He's deserving and what he put on that show in the fourth quarter is special." 
 -- Michael Malone on Lillard 
 
 
 HOT:  Gay caught fire to start the fourth, scoring 13 points on 4-for-5 shooting in less than eight minutes of action.  
 
 HOT II:  The only thing that stopped Lillard in the fourth quarter was the clock.  
 
 NOT:  Portland's  Wesley Matthews  has had an amazing season, but Tuesday he was less than stellar, finishing with nine points on 3-for-12 shooting in the loss. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  With 2:04 remaining in the game and the Blazers trying to cut the Kings' lead to single digits, Thomas stood tall in the lane and took a monster charge against Aldridge.  
 
 BAD MOVE:  Gay picked up his sixth foul at the 4:12 mark of the fourth quarter.  The Kings barely held on without Gay's presence on the floor. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Gay (32) and Cousins (35) tied season-highs in points and the Kings set a new season-high in points with 123. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Trail Blazers, Wednesday vs. Orlando, Saturday vs. Boston, Wednesday vs. Cleveland. For the Kings, Friday vs. Orlando, Sunday vs. Cleveland, Tuesday @ Indiana. 
