  Notebook: Kings 110, Mavericks 97 Posted Saturday March 10, 2012 1:23AM James Ham, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Don't let the final score fool you, there was a blowout tonight in Sacramento. Surprisingly, it was the Kings who jumped all over the Dallas Mavericks in a lopsided, 110-97 blowout, in front a packed Power Balance Pavilion crowd. Tyreke Evans  and  Marcus Thornton  shared the scoring honors tonight for the Kings, each finishing with 17.  DeMarcus Cousins  clearly wasn't himself after missing Wednesday's game with food poisoning, but that didn't stop him from kicking in 15 points, five assists and four rebounds. Jason Terry  led all scorers with 23, in 26 minutes of action.  Shawn Marion  played a spirited third quarter, finishing with 14 points and eight rebounds for a winded Mavs team. QUOTABLE:  "I say move the ball. If I see that you're hunting, you have to come out. My job is to get you and let you play in the game. I don't want you over there on the sidelines. Your one of better players or you're a player on our team, I want you to play."    -- Coach  Keith Smart  on the Kings season long issue with isolation basketball. THE STAT:  The Kings used a well-balanced attack tonight against the Mavs, finishing with seven players with double-figure scoring. TURNING POINT:  It's hard to say what the turning point was in this one. I am going with the Mavs team flight, but maybe it was the bus ride to the arena. Last season's champs looked gassed from the get go. While they hung close in the first half, the young legs of the Kings were just too much down the stretch. QUOTABLE II:  "Tell everyone to bring their cowbells on Sunday."    -- Kings co-owner  Gavin Maloof  following the victory tonight. HOT:  The Kings starting backcourt of Thornton and rookie  Isaiah Thomas  played extremely well tonight, scoring a combined 31 points on 11-for-17 shooting in just 53 total minutes. NOT: Vince Carter  looked every bit of 35 tonight. After showing well in Phoenix yesterday, Carter was non-existent tonight in Sacramento, going scoreless in 17 minutes of action. GOOD MOVE:  Smart played the match ups tonight.  Donté Greene  received the starting nod at power forward over  Jason Thompson . Clearly the move was an attempt to slow  Dirk Nowitzki  and the gamble paid off. The former MVP finished with just 13 points and nine rebounds in 29 minutes. NOTABLE:  The Mavs are eight games into a nine games in twelve night stretch. They looked worn out and it only get's worse as they finish their only back-to-back-to-back stretch of the season tomorrow night at Golden State. UP NEXT:  For the Mavs, Saturday @ Golden State, Tuesday vs. Wizards, Thursday vs. Bobcats. For the Kings, Sunday vs. Hawks, Tuesday vs. Warriors, Wednesday vs. Pistons.  