  Notebook: Knicks 118, Celtics 110 Posted Tuesday April 17, 2012 11:27PM By Adam Zagoria, for NBA.com THE FACTS: Carmelo Anthony  notched his second career triple-double with 35 points, 12 rebounds and 10 assists,  J.R. Smith  had a season-high of 25 points and  Steve Novak  tallied a career-high 25 as the Knicks beat the Atlantic Division-leading Boston Celtics 118-110 at Madison Square Garden. Paul Pierce  led five Celtics starters in double-figures with a season-best 43 points. Smith and Novak went a combined 15-for-20 from beyond the arc for the Knicks, who were 19-for-31 from deep in the game (59 percent). The NBA record for 3-pointers in a game is 23. Tyson Chandler  had 20 points and five boards for the Knicks. Rajon Rondo  added 13 points and 13 assists for Boston. The Knicks (32-29) moved to a game ahead of the Philadelphia 76ers for the No. 7 seed in the East and to within three back of the Celtics (36-26) in the loss column with five games to play.     QUOTABLE:  "I had nine and nine before. I been missing it throughout my whole career but tonight coming in a game like this, it wasn't me. It was Novak and J.R. and them guys making their shots. If they wouldn't have made the shots, then I wouldn't have had the triple-double."   -- Anthony     THE STAT:  The NBA record for individual 3s in a game is 12 ( Kobe Bryant  and  Donyell Marshall ) and eight in a half, including twice by Smith. Smith went 7-for-9 in the first half for 21 points off the bench. The Knicks record for 3s in a game is nine shared by  Toney Douglas, Latrell Sprewell  and  John Starks . THE STAT II:  The Knicks bench outscored the Celtics bench 39-0 in the first half en route to a 72-53 advantage. For the game, the Knicks reserves outscored the Celtics reserves 55-2 with  Keyon Dooling  scoring Boston's lone basket. TURNING POINT:  The Knicks went 11-for-15 from deep in the second quarter, when they outscored Boston 40-27. QUOTABLE II:  "When you got two guys who can come in and make shots that puts a lot of pressure on opposing teams. I need J.R. to be a guy that comes in off the bench and scores buckets and Novak as well."   -- Knicks coach  Mike Woodson WHO'S HOT:  Anthony remains one of the hottest players in the NBA. He entered averaging 32.8 points over his last five games, which included two 40+-point outings. WHO'S NOT:  Knicks shooting guard Landry Fields entered averaging 7.6 points in his last five outings. After going for two points in this one, Fields has tallied 10 total points in his last three games. QUOTABLE III:  "Wasn't much defense tonight on both parts, but it was nice to see Novak and J.R. have the games that they had."    -- Woodson NOTABLE:  The Celtics were without  Ray Allen  (sore right ankle). NOTABLE II: Amar'e Stoudemire  is targeting a return from his bulging disc later this week, possibly Friday at Cleveland. "I'll be back soon, definitely have to get some games under my belt before the playoffs, so there's a little hint," he said before the game. Should Stoudemire return Friday, it would give him four regular-season games to get comfortable with an offense that has flourished in his absence. QUOTABLE IV:  "'Melo I think now is settling in. He's playing like we all thought he could play. It's beautiful to watch him play because he's doing a lot of things on both sides of the floor. He's making players around him better and it's helping us win and that's what the good players do."    -- Woodson     INSIDE THE ARENA: Fat Joe  sat courtside. UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Wednesday @ New Jersey, Friday @ Cleveland, Sunday @ Atlanta. For the Celtics, Wednesday vs. Orlando, Friday @ Atlanta, Tuesday vs. Miami.  