Notebook: Rockets 102, Knicks 100 
 
 
 Matt Miller, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Jan 04, 2014 12:37 AM - Updated Sat Jan 04, 2014 12:37 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Houston Rockets have won a franchise-best nine consecutive games against the New York Knicks overall and nine straight meetings with the Knicks at Toyota Center. New York's last victory in Houston came on Nov. 18, 2004.  
 
 THE LEAD:  The Rockets got 37 points, seven rebounds and six assists from  James Harden , as well as a gift in the form of a pivotal mental error by  J.R. Smith  in the final minute, to outlast the Knicks for a thrilling 102-100 triumph Friday.  
 
 Chandler Parsons  scored 17 points and grabbed 11 rebounds, while  Dwight Howard  added 15 points and seven boards for Houston (22-13), which snapped a two-game skid and won for the sixth time in its last eight home games.  
 
 Iman Shumpert  led New York (10-22), which has lost four of five overall, with 26 points on 9-for-14 shooting.  Carmelo Anthony  finished with 25 points and snatched eight rebounds despite scoring only two points in the final seven minutes. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "It's a huge sigh of relief. We found a way." --  Harden 
 
 
 THE STAT : The Rockets narrowly avoided suffering their first three-game losing streak since Jan. 9-19, 2013 thanks to a 24-for-28 performance from the free-throw line. In its previous two contests, Houston had shot a dismal 59.4 percent (38-for-64) at the charity stripe. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Neither team led by double digits at any point in a see-saw affair that featured 14 ties and 18 lead changes, but a clock-management mistake by Smith dealt the death blow to New York. With the game tied at 100 in the final minute, Knicks center  Tyson Chandler  grabbed an offensive rebound off a  Beno Udrih  miss. Chandler then kicked the ball out to Smith at the top of the key with the game clock at 22 seconds and the shot clock turned off. Instead of holding the ball and letting the clock run to ensure New York took the final shot of regulation, Smith immediately launched and bricked a 3-point attempt.  Aaron Brooks  drained a pair of free throws on the Rockets' next possession, and Udrih could not get his last-second running layup to drop, allowing Houston to steal the victory.  
 
 QUOTABLE II : "Honestly, I thought we were down two. I shot the ball, and I started hearing Tyson saying, 'No, no, don't take the shot' but by then it was already released. ... That was just bad basketball IQ on me." --  Smith 
 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "This game is built and based on time, score and situation. You just got to know what you're doing when you're out there on the floor. ... Tonight, we just weren't smart coming down the home stretch." --  New York coach  Mike Woodson 
 
 
 HOT:  Shumpert has been the Knicks' biggest beneficiary of Anthony's return from injury Thursday, pouring in a total of 53 points on 19-for-27 shooting (70.4 percent) overall and 12-for-14 (85.7 percent) shooting from 3-point range in the last two games. 
 
 NOT : New York forward  Andrea Bargnani , who shot 3-for-10 from the field Friday, has connected on only 37.0 percent (17-for-46) of his shot attempts over the last four games.  
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Shumpert made a heady defensive play to poke the ball away from Harden as he was dribbling on the perimeter with Houston leading 100-98 with less than 90 seconds remaining. Several players scrambled for the loose ball, and the end result was a jump ball. The Knicks drew a foul a couple seconds after the ensuing tip and knocked down a pair of free throws to even the score at 100.  
 
 NOTABLE:  Houston reserve center  Greg Smith  returned to action after missing the last six games due to a re-aggravated right knee sprain. ... New York's  Kenyon Martin  was a late scratch with a sore left ankle. ... Twelve-time Grammy winner and avid NBA fan  Paul Simon  took in Friday's contest from a seat in the lower bowl. ... The officials assessed a technical foul to Chandler during the second quarter when he and Howard got tangled up while battling for rebounding position under the hoop. Anthony and Houston's  Terrence Jones  also picked up technicals in the third period for mouthing off to the referees. ... Only two of the Knicks' defeats during their nine-game losing streak at Toyota Center have been decided by less than nine points. ... The Rockets improved to 8-0 at home this season against Eastern Conference clubs. ... Houston is now 18-4 when leading at halftime. ... New York fell to 1-10 against the West...Rockets center  Omer Asik  missed his 16th consecutive game with right thigh and knee injuries...The Knicks scored two fastbreak points, tying a season low.  
 
 UP NEXT : For the Knicks: Sunday @ Dallas, Tuesday vs. Detroit, Thursday vs. Miami. For the Rockets: Wednesday vs. L.A. Lakers, Friday @ Atlanta, Saturday @ Washington. 
