Notebook: Warriors 108, Grizzlies 82 
 
 
 Marlon W. Morgan, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Dec 08, 2013 12:08 AM - Updated Sun Dec 08, 2013 12:09 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Grizzlies have now become the first NBA to have eight unique leading scorers in eight consecutive games with no ties/scoring lead shares since the 2002-03 Memphis team had nine different leading scoring in nine consecutive games from No. 20-Dec. 6, 2002. 
 
 THE LEAD:  The Warriors came out not only looking to atone for Friday night's blowout loss at Houston, but also looking to snap their 11-game slide against Memphis. Golden State accomplished both with its 108-82 win against the Grizzlies Saturday night that also ended a nine-game losing streak at FedExForum. A red-hot  Klay Thompson  led the way with 30 points, while  David Lee  added 23 points and 11 rebounds and  Stephen Curry  had 22 points, a career-high tying 15 assists and six boards. The Grizzlies were led by  Mike Miller's  16 points. 
 
 QUOTABLE : "I'd be lying if I said it didn't (mean anything). They've had their way with us. It's been a long time coming. For these new guys here, they don't know the history. People talk about the San Antonio streak and all that. That's not our history. This is one streak that's ours and we own it. It's very refreshing and it means a lot to come here and get a W."  --  Golden State coach  Mark Jackson  on ending the 11-game losing streak to Memphis. 
 
 
 THE STAT:  With the Grizzlies scoring 82 points, the Warriors snapped an eight-game streak in which they had allowed opponents to scored 100 or more points. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Grizzlies scored the first basket of the second half to pull to within 49-45. But after a quiet first half, Curry ignited a 21-9 run by the Warriors when he hit back-to-back 3-pointers.  
 
 HOT:  It was Thompson who set the tone early for the Warriors. Thompson came out and hit three of the Warriors first four baskets to give them a lead they never relinquished. He scored 16 of his 30 points in the opening quarter and finished the game making 12 of 19 shots, including 3 of 5 from 3-point range.  
 
 NOT:  For the time being,  Jerryd Bayless  has clearly lost his shooting touch. The backup shooting guard had his worst game of the season, going 0 for 11 from the floor and finishing with just two points. In the last four games, Bayless is averaging just under five points while shooting .226 from the floor.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "It's a long season. NBA seasons are long, things happen, teams go through stuff. I think today was, we need to play with more energy and more joy. It doesn't matter who we play. We have nothing to lose."  --  Grizzlies coach  Dave Joerger . 
 
 NOTABLE:  With his two 3-pointers, Curry became the franchise's all-team leader with 701 career 3-pointers, breaking the previous mark of 700 held by  Jason Richardson . ... The Grizzlies, who are in the midst of a six-game home stand, have now lost seven of their last nine games at FedExForum. Last year, the Grizzlies set a franchise record by going 32-9 at home. ... Golden State won for the first time this season on the second night of a back-to-back. There were 0-4 before the win. ... For the second consecutive game, the Grizzlies shot a season low from the field. After shooting .377 against the L.A. Clippers Thursday night, they Grizzlies were held to .365 by the Warriors. ...  Kosta Koufos  had his third double-double in the last four games with 10 points and a career-high tying 16 rebounds. ... Already playing without center  Marc Gasol  (MCL sprain),  Tony Allen  (hip contusion) and  Ed Davis  (sprained ankle), the Grizzlies lost  Quincy Pondexter  in the second quarter to a right midfoot sprain. Pondexter, who started in place of Allen, did not return. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Warriors, Monday @ Charlotte, Wednesday vs. Dallas, Friday vs. Houston. For the Grizzlies, Monday vs. Orlando, Wednesday vs. Oklahoma City, Friday @ New Orleans.  
