
 Grizzlies-Warriors notebook   By Steve R. Waterhouse, for NBA.com Posted Thursday November 4, 2010 2:54AM THE FACTS:  The Golden State Warriors rode the back of  Dorell Wright  early in the game and  Monta Ellis  at the end of the game in a 115-109 win over the Memphis Grizzlies. Wright hit a career-high seven 3-pointers and finished with 25 points and Ellis scored a game-high 39 points. Off the bench,  Reggie Williams  poured in eight assists to match Ellis with game-highs as they tried to fill the gap of second-year starting guard  Stephen Curry , who has a right ankle sprain. The Warriors (3-1) improve to 3-0 at home for the first time since the 1990-91 season. QUOTABLE:  "We scrapped to the end. We got the win. Dorell [Wright] played great tonight. Reggie [Williams], a D-Leaguer, D [David Lee], Andris [Biedrins]. I mean pretty much everyone that came off the bench played well. That's what we needed. We're missing Steph tonight and the guys stepped up where we needed them."   -- Warriors' Ellis. THE STAT:  Prior to the game, Smart said he wanted to see Ellis be aggressive and play his game. He wanted Ellis to feel the game and "play your game, be you." Ellis responded with 39 points, eight assists, 14-for-19 from the free-throw line and three steals. TURNING POINT:  After trailing by as many as 18 points, the Grizzlies made a run behind  Rudy Gay 's team-high 35 points that cut the Warriors lead to 94-98 with 7:12 left. Then, in the final 6:26, Ellis took over and scored 19 points to close out the victory. HOT:  Wright sank all seven of his 3-pointers in the first three quarters and finished 7-for-13 behind the arc. QUOTABLE II:  "I'm just taking confortable jumpers, things I work on every day. The big guys and Monta, you know those guys attract a lot of attention, so they make it easy for me."   -- Warriors' Wright. INSIDE THE ARENA:  When Ellis hit a fading jumper at the top of the key with the shot clock running down with just over a minute left in the game, it gave the Warriors a 110-103 lead that got the 16,607 fans in attendance to rise to their feet. GOOD MOVE:  Smart kept Ellis fresh by keeping his top scorer on the bench until nearly midway through the fourth quarter. Smart said he wanted to give Ellis a good 15 minutes (running time) of rest. NOTABLE:  After a scoreless first quarter, Williams scored 16 points off the bench that included a 2-for-4 effort on 3-pointers. ...  Rodney Carney , who started in the place of Curry, scored all seven of his points at the end of the second quarter on a 3-pointer, a jumper and a runner in the lane that helped give the Warriors a 64-52 lead at the half. UP NEXT:  For the Warriors, Friday vs. Utah, Sunday at Detroit, Monday at Toronto. For the Grizzlies, Friday at Phoenix, Saturday at Sacramento, Monday vs. Phoenix. 
