
 Nets-Cavaliers notebook   By Sam Amico, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday November 10, 2010 11:33PM THE FACTS:   Devin Harris  had 31 points and nine assists, and  Kris Humphries  made the most of his last-minute start with 13 points and 18 rebounds, leading the visiting New Jersey Nets to a 95-87 victory over Cleveland on Wednesday. With the win, the Nets (3-5) snapped a five-game losing streak and avenged a Tuesday loss to these same Cavs (4-4), who had won three in a row, all on the road.  J.J. Hickson  scored 15 for the Cavs, and  Antawn Jamison  and  Ramon Sessions  added 14 apiece. QUOTABLE:  "It was a big-time bounce-back effort."    -- Nets coach  Avery Johnson THE STAT:  The Nets out-rebounded the Cavs 48-40 and owned a 19-9 advantage in second-chance points. TURNING POINT:  As has been the case in every home game this season, the Cavs' opponent got the better of them in the third quarter. The Cavs led 52-42 at halftime, and then the meltdown was on -- with the Nets going on a 25-17 run during the next 12 minutes. "We didn't make shots, but the Nets did a much better job of staying with our guys (in the second half)," Cavs coach  Byron Scott  said. "They did a much better job of getting through our screens." HOT:  The Nets shot a miserable 41 percent from the field, but you can't blame guard  Anthony Morrow . He was 8-for-12 for 21 points, with almost all coming from the perimeter. That included a few biggies from 3-point land, as Morrow was 5-for-8 beyond the arc. NOT:  Cavs guards  Daniel Gibson  and  Mo Williams  had both been playing well lately, but hit a little road bump Wednesday. Gibson (five points, 2-for-10 shooting) took mostly good shots, but things just wouldn't fall on this night. Williams, meanwhile, returned from a groin injury three games ago, only to injure the other one with 3:39 left in the third quarter. He didn't return and his status is unclear. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Nets guard  Jordan Farmar  had his best game of the season, coming off the bench to quietly score 12 points, grab six rebounds and pass for six assists. Fantasy owners should take note, as the offseason acquisition may be starting to feel comfortable with his new team. NOTABLE:  The Nets snapped a nine-game losing streak vs. the Cavs. The loss also dropped the Cavs to 1-3 at home. "We definitely need to clean it up," Gibson said. "We have the best fans in the NBA and they need to see the best product we can put out there on the floor." UP NEXT:  For the Nets, Saturday vs. Orlando, Monday @ L.A. Clippers, Wednesday @ Utah. For the Cavs, Saturday vs. Indiana, Tuesday vs. Philadelphia, Friday @ New Orleans. 
