  Heat-Pistons notebook   By Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com Posted Friday February 11, 2011 11:18PM THE FACTS:  The Miami Heat tuned up for their road showdown with Boston on Sunday by romping past the Detroit Pistons Friday night, 106-92. Dwyane Wade  had 24 points, 8 rebounds and 7 assists and  LeBron James  added 16 points, 10 assists and eight rebounds as Miami won its eighth straight. QUOTABLE:  "It just shows where we've come so far, since November when we were 9-8. To be able to put this record together, as we've been doing the past few months, it just shows the commitment we have. We know it's a big game for us, going to Boston. They beat us twice and it's a team we're trying to catch."   -   Miami forward LeBron James after his team improved to 39-14 with Boston next on the schedule. THE STAT:  77-41. The Pistons' starting unit was no match for Miami's lineup, getting outscored by 36 points. All five of Miami's starters reached double figures, while Detroit's first five had just one double-digit scorer - forward  Tayshaun Prince  with 11. Starting guards  Rodney Stuckey  and  Tracy McGrady  combined to shoot 6-for-18 with six turnovers. TURNING POINT:  Miami got its long-range game going early in the second quarter to take command. The Heat opened the quarter with a 12-2 run that included 3-pointers from reserves  Mike Miller  and  Eddie House  to gain a 37-23 lead. Wade added four points during the outburst while the Pistons missed four 3-pointers during the first 1:54 of the quarter. QUOTABLE II:  "We all know those guys and Boston, those two teams in the Eastern Conference, if they put their mind to it and put their foot on the gas game in and game out, they'll perform like they did tonight. That's what you saw. Ever since they got in that groove, they walk out with that swagger that 'Hey, we're going to go out here and get it done.'"   -  Pistons forward Prince on the Heat. HOT:  Wade kept getting to the rim and the Pistons couldn't stop him, as he scored six first-half layups while racking up 16 points. He led the Heat in scoring for the 26th time, one more than James. NOT:  McGrady has scored in single digits three consecutive games. His five turnovers Friday were one shy of his season high. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Mike Miller is fulfilling his role as a dangerous sixth man. He scored 16 points on 6-for-9 shooting and chipped in two assists. Miller nudged his season scoring average to 6.3 after a slow start. INSIDE THE ARENA:  The Heat brought out a couple of big celebrities. Civil rights activist  Jesse Jackson  sat courtside next to the Queen of Soul,  Aretha Franklin , who has been battling health problems this winter. Detroit Lions defensive tackle  Ndamukong Suh , the Associated Press Defensive Rookie of the Year, sat next to the Miami bench. ROOKIE WATCH:  Pistons forward/center  Greg Monroe  was held to eight points and three rebounds while counterpart  Chris Bosh  had 17 points and 10 rebounds. That was Monroe's lowest rebounding total since he grabbed four against Orlando Jan. 24. NOTABLE:  James admonished a fan in the first row who made a disparaging remark about his mother. "Fans can say what they want to say but you've got to draw the line at some point," he said. ... Miami recorded its 900th victory in franchise history, ... Pistons guard  Richard Hamilton  did not dress for the third straight game with a sore groin. ... The Pistons missed eight layups and eight 3-point attempts in the first half. ... The Heat play three more road games before the All-Star break. UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Sunday @ Boston, Tuesday @ Indiana, Wednesday @ Toronto. For the Pistons, Sunday vs. Portland, Monday vs. Atlanta, Wednesday vs. Indiana.  