  Pistons-Jazz notebook   By Andrew Aragon, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday January 4, 2011 1:05AM THE FACTS: Deron Williams  had 22 points and 10 assists to lead the Utah Jazz to a 102-97 win over the Detroit Pistons on Monday night. Six players scored in double figures for the Jazz.  Al Jefferson  had 16 points, while  Andrei Kirilenko  and  Paul Millsap  each contributed 15 points. Tayshaun Prince  had a game-high 26 points for the Pistons, while  Tracy McGrady  nearly had a triple-double with 11 points, 11 assists and nine rebounds. QUOTABLE:  "That was a really difficult game. They're a hard team for us to guard, and I thought they hung in there and fought all night long. To come out with a win, you have to be real happy."   --Jazz coach  Jerry Sloan  on not caring about style points in his team's win over the 11-23 Pistons THE STAT:  11. The Jazz have owned the Pistons in recent years, winning 11 straight games against them. Detroit hasn't defeated Utah since March of 2005. TURNING POINT:  Williams hit a floater -- reminiscent of his game-winner against Charlotte back on Nov. 13 -- to give the Jazz a 95-93 lead with 1:29 left in the game. After Prince tied it with a left-handed hook over Kirilenko,  Raja Bell  drained a 3-pointer to make it 98-95 with 50.4 seconds remaining. The Jazz retained their lead as Bell and Williams each sank a couple of free throws to ice it. QUOTABLE II:  "I thought he was outstanding. He did a good job at controlling the pace of the game, making good decisions with the basketball. You know 11 assists with one turnover is very impressive."   -- Detroit coach  John Kuester  on McGrady's outstanding and efficient play on Monday. HOT:  The Jazz made six straight shots during a three-minute span in the second quarter, giving them their largest lead of the game at 43-34. Kirilenko had one of his best offensive games of the season, shooting 5-for-7. For the Pistons, Prince was 11-for-19 and  Charlie Villanueva  scored all of his 11 points in the first half. NOT:  Utah missed nine of its first 12 attempts and shot 31.3 percent in the fourth quarter and still managed to win.  Austin Daye  shot 2-for-8. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Prince started slowly this season, but is coming on strong as a fantasy player. His 26 points were nearly 12 more than his average (14.1 entering Monday's game). He also nearly doubled his assist average (2.6) with five. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Celebrity sightings are rare inside Utah's home arena, so Jazz fans erupted with loud cheers when it was shown on the Jumbotron that  Ryan Seacrest  and  Julianne Hough  were sitting courtside. Both celebrities left before the second half tipped off. ROOKIE WATCH:  Detroit first-year player  Greg Monroe  didn't have a big game stats-wise, but he threw down a thunderous dunk late in the game to keep Detroit in it at 98-97. Monroe played a little more than 26 minutes and had two points, four rebounds, one assist, one steal and one blocked shot. Jazz rookie  Gordon Hayward  failed to score in double digits for the first time in four games. He played less than six minutes and didn't score. NOTABLE:  The Pistons are 1-19 in games where they score less than 100 points. The Jazz are 4-1 when their five starters score in double digits, which they did on Monday. Williams had his 16th double-double of the season. McGrady's 11 assists were a season-high. UP NEXT:  For the Pistons, Tuesday @ Lakers, Saturday vs. 76ers, Monday @ Bulls. For the Jazz, Wednesday vs. Hawks, Friday @ Grizzlies, Saturday @ Rockets.  