  Notebook: Lakers 97, Cavaliers 92   By Dan Arritt, for NBA.com Posted Saturday January 14, 2012 1:57AM THE FACTS:  Lakers guard  Kobe Bryant  continues to perform like the player of old. He scored 42 points Friday night in a 97-92 victory against the visiting Cavaliers at Staples Center, the first time in nearly five years he has scored at least 40 in three consecutive games. QUOTABLE:  "It's always great to have a guy like Kobe Bryant in your back pocket when you have to try to figure out how to win some games."   -- Lakers coach  Mike Brown . THE STAT:  Bryant shot 15-for-31 from the field and 8-for-10 from the free-throw line, the third consecutive game he has taken exactly 31 field-goal attempts. The last time he took 30 or more shots in three consecutive games was also in March 2007, when he had consecutive scoring games of 65, 50, 60, 50 and 43 points, becoming only the second NBA player to score at least 50 in four straight. TURNING POINT:  Bryant re-entered the game with 7:58 remaining in the second quarter, missed a couple field-goal attempts and then got hot, helping the Lakers close the half on a 20-5 run to take a 59-41 lead. Bryant scored 13 of his 24 first-half points during the deciding surge. HOT:  Bryant,  Andrew Bynum  and  Pau Gasol  started the game a combined 13-for-15 from the field and were 21-for-28 in the first half. The Lakers shot 14-for-18 in the opening quarter while building a 32-28 lead. NOT:  The Lakers did it again to an opposing front-court player. Cleveland forward  Antawn Jamison  shot 4-for-16 from the floor and scored nine points. Jamison joins  Al Jefferson  of the Jazz (2-16),  Amar'e Stoudemire  of the Knicks (4-17),  Marc Gasol  of the Grizzlies (0-9), and  Grant Hill  of the Suns (1-12) who have struggled mightily inside Staples Center this season. Jamison had been building up to this effort, entering the game 18-for-48 in his previous three games ... The Cavs shot 4-for-20 in the second quarter ... The Lakers missed their first eight shots in the quarter and didn't score until  Matt Barnes  slammed a breakaway dunk with 6:33 remaining. By then, the Cavs had trimmed a 12-point lead at the start of the fourth to three. GOOD MOVE:  A big gasp swept through the crowd after Bynum scored on a bank shot on the Lakers second possession of the game and then crumpled to the court after apparently stepping on the foot of opposing center  Anderson Varejao . Bynum, who has been beset by lower-body injuries in his career, showed everyone he was OK by getting to his feet and blocking Jamison's shot on the other end of the floor. Bynum finished with 10 of his 15 points in the opening quarter and two of his three blocked shots. BAD MOVE:  The Lakers appeared to be running away from the Cavs in the third quarter, holding a 19-point lead with under eight minutes remaining. With a much-anticipated game looming Saturday night against their cross-the-hall rival Clippers, the Lakers were putting themselves in good position to rest their starters down the stretch. But the Cavs managed to chip away at the deficit, forcing Bryant to play 8:47 of the fourth quarter. The benefit was, that's how Bryant got to 40 points. NOTABLE:  The injury to Lakers back-up point guard  Steve Blake  was updated during the game. He will be sidelined three to four weeks with torn cartilage in his rib-cage area. Blake was injured in Wednesday's victory in Utah. His absence opened the door for rookie  Darius Morris  to get some playing time for only the second time this season. He checked in with 5:20 left in the opening quarter and immediately hit a 3-pointer, his third straight basket to start his career. He finished with three points, four assists and one turnover in a little more than 18 minutes ...  Metta World Peace  did not play for the Lakers because of sore back and Achilles tendon, though the injuries were not listed on the pre-game report.  Devin Ebanks  played the back-up minutes behind Barnes at small forward. The crowd began chanting, "We want World Peace" during the fourth quarter ... Lakers point guard  Derek Fisher  had two points and 10 assists, the 15th time he has recorded double-digits in assists in his 16-year career.... Gasol finished with 19 points and 10 rebounds. He has scored between 13 and 22 points in every game this season. UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Saturday @ L.A. Clippers, Monday vs. Dallas, Thursday @ Miami. For the Cavaliers, Monday @ Charlotte, Tuesday vs. Golden State, Friday vs. Chicago.  