Notebook: Clippers 120, Timberwolves 116 (OT) 
 
 
 By Dan Arritt, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Mon Dec 23, 2013 2:08 AM - Updated Mon Dec 23, 2013 2:14 AM 
 
 THE FACT:   Timberwolves forward  Kevin Love  finished with 45 points, 19 rebounds and six assists, the first player to hit those marks in the same game since  Hakeem Olajuwon  of the Rockets against the Timberwolves in 1996. 
 
 THE LEAD:    The Clippers (20-9) looked to be finished when Love made one of two free throws with 18 seconds remaining in regulation Sunday night, giving the Timberwolves (13-15) a four-point lead at Staples Center. But the Clippers rallied to tie the score on a steal and layup by  Jamal Crawford  with seven seconds left,  Jared Dudley  gave L.A. the lead for good with an overtime 3-pointer and  Chris Pau l sealed the 120-116 victory with five free throws in the final 19 seconds. 
 
 QUOTABLE:   "I missed so many open shots, but on the last one CP trusted me. ... CP had a lot of attention and I thought, "If I get another opportunity, I'm going to shoot it.' " 
 --  Jared Dudley 
 
 
 THE STAT:   Love and  Nikola Pekovic  combined for 79 of Minnesota's 116 points, but Pekovic missed two chances to win the game at the end of regulation and another potential tying basket at the end of overtime. Love had a chance to give the Timberwolves a five-point lead with 18 seconds left in regulation, but missed one of two free throws. 
 
 TURNING POINT:   Pekovic gave the Timberwolves a 114-112 lead with a basket in close with 46 seconds left in overtime. Dudley then re-entered the game for  Ryan Hollins  and Paul found him alone on the opposite wing, where he buried a 3-pointer after missing his first six tries from beyond the arc for a 115-114 lead. Pekovic then missed another jump hook with 24 seconds left and the Clippers didn't need to attempt another field goal as Paul shot 5-for-6 from the line and, in between, Pekovic missed another shot in close to seal the win. 
 
 HOT:   The Clippers are riding a season-high five-game winning streak as they depart on a brief two-game road trip. L.A. had five players score 18 points or more, led by  Blake Griffin  with 32 points and 10 rebounds. His amazing free-throw turnaround also continued as he shot 10-for-11 from the line. Clippers backup point guard  Darren Collison  had his contributions somewhat buried by all the late-game craziness, but he finished with a season-high 18 points on 8-for-12 from the floor. Love shot 15-for-23 and Pekovic was 16-for-28, but his four misses at the end of regulation and overtime will likely be what he remembers most. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  II:   "I kept saying. 'It's not over, there's plenty of time, it's not over, there's plenty of time.'  I give them credit, they hung in there." 
 -- Clippers coach  Doc Rivers. 
 
 
 NOT:   Minnesota has lost all seven games decided by four points or less this season.  Ricky Rubio  and  Corey Brewer  started alongside Love and Pekovic, but that's where the similarities ended. Rubio went scoreless in 39 minutes, missing all four of his field-goal attempts. Brewer scored three points on 1-for-5 shooting. The Minnesota bench wasn't much of a help either as the group combined to shoot 6-for-24.  
 
 GOOD MOVE:   Crawford is making a habit of making long shots to end quarters. He made a 29-footer to end the third quarter Sunday night and cut Minnesota's lead to 85-83. 
 
 BAD MOVE:   The reputation of Clippers backup forward  Matt Barnes  may have played a part in his ejection late in the third quarter. Barnes fouled Love hard near the basket, drawing an angry reaction from Love and prompting the officials to take a look at the replay. They decided it was a flagrant 2 violation and Barnes was tossed from a game for the second time this season. Griffin then fouled out with four minutes remaining in overtime on an offensive foul, forcing the 6-foot-7 Dudley to guard the 6-10 Love down the stretch. 
 
 NOTABLE:   Dudley finished with 15 points and the Clippers are now 12-1 when he scores in double figures. ... The Clippers have won eight straight against Minnesota, their longest current winning streak against any opponent. ... L.A. is 5-0 since Crawford moved into the starting lineup. 
 
 UP NEXT:   For the Clippers, Wednesday @ Golden State, Thursday @ Portland, Saturday vs. Utah. For the Timberwolves, Friday vs. Washington, Saturday @ Milwaukee, Monday vs. Dallas. 
