Notebook: Bulls 101, Mavericks 78 
 
 
 Kent McDill, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Nov 28, 2012 11:47 PM - Updated Wed Nov 28, 2012 11:54 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:  After letting a 27-point lead turn into a one-point loss Monday against Milwaukee, the Chicago Bulls made a big lead stand up Wednesday in a 101-78 win over the Dallas Mavericks at the United Center.  Luol Deng  led the Bulls with 22 points, and backup point guard Nate Robinson scored 14.  Shawn Marion  had 18 points for the Mavericks, who lost their third straight game.     
 
 THE FACTS II:  After the game, Dallas coach  Rick Carlisle  announced the team was going to sign  Derek Fisher  Thursday.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We need help at the point guard position. It's challenging for us. I don't see (Fisher) as a cure-all, but he can help."
 -- Dallas coach  Rick Carlisle . 
 
 
 THE STAT:  After the bench offered just 10 points Monday, the Bulls reserves had 50 points Wednesday. Besides Robinson,  Jimmy Butler  (13 points) and  Marco Belinelli  (11 points) reached double figures.  
 
 THE STAT II:  The Mavericks shot 34.6 percent from the field (28 for 81).   
 
 TURNING POINT:  Luol Deng made a jumper at the end of the first quarter to give the Bulls a 24-23 lead. The Bulls then went on a 25-7 run to start the second quarter and build a 19-point edge.  
 
 INJURY UPDATE:  Carlisle said after the game he found out minutes before the start of the game that  Darren Collison  jammed a finger in Philadelphia Tuesday and could not play.     
 
 HOT:  Robinson was five for six from the field and added a game-high six assists for the Bulls.  
 
 NOT:  O.J. Mayo  had his second straight poor game, making two of nine shots for four points for the Mavericks. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I was mad. We lost the game and I didn't play."
  -- Bulls guard  Marco Belinelli , who did not play against Milwaukee but hit a pair of 3-pointers and five free throws Wednesday. 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  After catching criticism for using his bench sparingly in the loss to Milwaukee, Bulls coach  Tom Thibodeau  used his first five reserves (Robinson, Butler, Belinelli,  Nzar Mohammed  and  Taj Gibson ) together for 5 and 1/2 minutes of the second quarter. The lead grew from six points to 18 points in that stretch.  
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "We caught a break. They're missing Collison and  Dirk (Nowitzki)  and they played last night. And Mayo is dinged up with an ankle injury."
  -- Bulls coach  Tom Thibodeau . 
 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  The Mavericks used three rookies Wednesday: starter  Jae Crowder  of Marquette scored just two points in 26 minutes,  Bernard James  of Florida State had one point in nine minutes and  Jared Cunningham  of Oregon State scored four points in less than four minutes.  
 
 NOTABLE:  Former Marquette teammates  Jimmy Butler  of the Bulls and Crowder of the Mavericks caught up with each other for a long conversation outside the locker rooms before the game.   
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, vs. 76ers Saturday, vs. Indiana Tuesday, at Cavaliers Wednesday. For the Mavericks, vs. Pistons Saturday, at Clippers Wednesday, vs. Suns Thursday.      
