  Notebook: Magic 102, Wizards 95 Posted Wednesday February 29, 2012 11:22PM By Daimon Eklund, for NBA.com THE FACTS: Ryan Anderson  scored 11 points in the fourth quarter -- eight in the final six minutes -- helping the Orlando Magic to pull away from the Washington Wizards late for a 102-95 win Wednesday. Anderson finished with 23 points and 15 rebounds, leading seven Magic players who scored in double figures.  J.J. Redick  scored 15, and  Dwight Howard  had 14 points and 12 rebounds despite struggling on the offensive end much of the night. Orlando opened up a 17 point lead in the opening quarter, but the Wizards came back to take the lead shortly after halftime with a 12-0 run. The game was tight most of the second half and was tied at 83 with about seven minutes to play before Anderson and the Magic pulled away. John Wall  led Washington with 33 points. QUOTABLE:  "We were up big and thought we had it in the bag. I think when we become great, take that next step, is when we've got a team down, bury them."  --  Orlando guard  Jason Richardson. THE STAT:  Orlando was 15-for-36 from 3-point range, including Anderson's 4-for-10 and  Jameer Nelson's  4-for-9 performance from behind the arc. The 3-point shooting made up for a lack of production from Howard for most of the game, and helped the Magic keep Washington from sustaining momentum. TURNING POINT:  After Washington tied the game at 83 with 6:55 left in the fourth quarter, Nelson and Anderson had back-to-back 3-pointers to give Orlando a cushion. A few minutes later, Anderson was fouled by Wall while shooting a 3-pointer. He made all three to make the lead 95-87 with less than three minutes to play. HOT:  Washington's  Jordan Crawford  scored the first six points of the second half, part of his 14 points and four assists in the third quarter. Crawford started for the third time this season and finished with 18 points. NOT:  Wizards  JaVale McGee  and  Nick Young  were removed from the starting lineup after being benched for most of the second half in the team's previous game. McGee's 16 minutes were a season low, and Young's 18 1/2 minutes were his fewest since December. Neither player scored in the second half. QUOTABLE II:  "I can't say I do, but I'm sure I'll figure it out sooner or later."  --  McGee, when asked if he understood the message Wittman was trying to send by removing him from the starting lineup. NOTABLE:  Anderson said Orlando head coach  Stan Van Gundy  had challenged him to be more active on the defensive boards, and he had a season high with 10 defensive rebounds. ... Young limped off the court late in the fourth quarter. He said he tweaked his right knee after landing on someone's foot. UP NEXT:  For the Magic, Thursday vs. Thunder, Saturday vs. Bucks, Monday at Raptors. For the Wizards, Friday vs. Cavaliers, Monday vs. Warriors, Wednesday vs. Lakers.  