  Celtics-Rockets notebook   By Brian Robb, for NBA.com Posted Monday January 10, 2011 11:18PM THE FACTS:  The Houston Rockets snapped a five-game losing streak while riding hot outside shooting on their way to a 108-102 road victory over the Boston Celtics.  Aaron Brooks  returned from a three-game absence to carry a shorthanded Rockets squad with 24 points and five assists, as Houston was without starting shooting guard  Kevin Martin  and backup center  Brad Miller . In their absence, Brooks led a balanced offensive output by Houston as they had seven players score in double-figures, while shooting 52.7 percent.  Ray Allen  and  Marquis Daniels  tallied 19 points respectively, as Boston dropped their second straight game. QUOTABLE:  "We just weren't ready. I thought overall that it was probably our worst defensive effort in three or four years as far as overall effort."   -- Doc Rivers THE STAT:  Playing without three injured centers consisting of Miller,  Yao Ming  and  Chuck Hayes , Rockets mustered just 22 of their 108 points in the paint. Despite the fact Boston doubled Houston's scoring output down low with 48 points in the painted area, Houston rode their timely perimeter shooting to a much needed win. TURNING POINT:  With the Celtics trailing by eight and just under five minutes remaining in the game,  Paul Pierce  made a strong drive to the hoop that barely rimmed out. Houston took advantage of the miss for a quick breakout that resulted in a three-pointer for Brooks. The basket completed a five-point swing and extended Houston's lead to 11, a deficit that was too much for Boston to overcome with only 4:28 left in the game. QUOTABLE II:  "We got two guys in there who can create and shoot the ball. As long as Kyle [Lowry] can guard the two man that makes us very dangerous."   -- Brooks on Houston's undersized backcourt HOT: Chase Budinger   -- The Rockets swingman has been a reliable source of scoring off the bench for  Rick Adelman  lately and that trend continued tonight. The Arizona product hit all four of his shots in the second quarter, including three from long distance to post 11 points overall.  NOT: Nate Robinson  -- The C's offensive sparkplug has struggled lately to find his range all over the floor. The fifth-year guard hit just one of his seven shots tonight, giving the C's just three points off the pine. Robinson is now shooting just 33 percent overall from the field (24-of-72) in his last 10 games. QUOTABLE III:  "Every time we come here we have people out and end up winning the game. It just shows what you can do when you go out there and bust your tail. After five tough games, I was very proud of the way these guys approached this game."   -- Adelman FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Allen -- Boston's sharpshooter continued his torrid stretch, burying jumpers all over the floor, while contributing in other facets of the game. He finished with a balanced line of 19 points on 8-of-13 shooting to go along with six rebounds, three assists, and two steals. Allen has hit 27 of his last 37 shots from the field. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Patriots Pro Bowl cornerback  Devin McCourty  took in the game courtside with some friends at the TD Garden. GOOD MOVE:  With Martin out, Adelman turned to a starting backcourt of dual point guards with  Kyle Lowry  and a returning Brooks. The duo wreaked havoc all night against the league's top defense as they combined for 41 points and 13 assists during the impressive win. ROOKIE WATCH:  With injuries mounting in the frontcourt, the Rockets have turned to 21-year-old rookie  Patrick Patterson  to fill the void. In just his tenth game of his career Patterson delivered for Adelman providing an active night in the win, scoring 10 points while posting four rebounds and four assists in 17 efficient minutes. NOTABLE:  Houston shot 50 percent from downtown (10-of-20).  Glen Davis  led Boston in field goal attempts for the second straight game. The Rockets have won at TD Garden for three straight years. The 19 points for Daniels was a season-high and the swingman also led the team in rebounds with seven.  Kevin Garnett  sat out his seventh straight game for Boston, but hopes to return later this week. UP NEXT:  For the Rockets, Wednesday vs. Oklahoma City, Friday vs. New Orleans, Saturday @ Atlanta. For the Celtics, Wednesday vs. Sacramento, Friday vs. Charlotte, Monday vs. Orlando.  