  Notebook: Hawks 93, Raptors 84   By Matt Winkeljohn, for NBA.com Posted Monday January 16, 2012 9:49PM Jon Cooper, for NBA.com --  THE FACTS:  The Atlanta Hawks may have lost  Al Horford , but thanks to  Josh Smith  and  Joe Johnson , they continue to find ways to win without him. Smith had 28 points and 15 rebounds, Johnson added 27, seven of them in the final quarter, and the Hawks held Toronto scoreless for nearly six minutes early in the fourth quarter to top the Raptors, 93-84, Monday afternoon on  Martin Luther King, Jr.  Day at Philips Arena. The Hawks raised their record to 10-4 on the season, 6-1 at home, and beat the Raptors for the fifth straight time and seventh time at Philips Arena. Toronto dropped its fifth in row to fall to 4-10 and is 2-6 on the road. Atlanta started slowly and trailed 9-3 three minutes in, but then went on a 16-4 run over the next 5:00 to take a 19-13 lead. Smith fueled the run, scoring 12 points and eight straight. Toronto didn't help itself, shooting 1-for-6 and committing three of their seven first-quarter turnovers. The Hawks would never trail again, leading by as much as 13 in the second quarter and by seven with 1:30 left in the third. But Toronto's zone defense frustrated Atlanta and its relentlessness attacking the basket in the third quarter, when they attempted 16 foul shots, cut the deficit to two points on two occasions and to one on two others. But they would never equalize. The Raptors trailed 75-73 heading into the final quarter but went scoreless over the period's first 5:15, allowing the Hawks to open an eight-point lead. The lead would never go lower than five the rest of the way. Leandro Barbosa  came off the bench to score 22 points to lead the short-handed Raptors, who dressed 10 players and played only nine, while  Jose Calderon  added 13 points and 11 assists. Toronto hurt itself with 17 turnovers which led to 22 Hawks points. QUOTABLE:  "He's just playing. He's not worrying about anything. I think that's carrying over to everybody. He has me playing like that. It's going throughout the team."   --  Atlanta point guard  Jeff Teague  on the play of Josh Smith, who is averaging 22.0 points and 11.0 rebounds in Atlanta's three games without Al Horford. THE STAT:  0-10. The Raptors started the fourth quarter trailing 75-73 but proceeded to miss their first 10 shots, allowing the Hawks to open up some breathing room. TURNING POINT:  As part of the 0-for-10, Toronto squandered an important possession 30 seconds into the fourth. Down 75-71, the Raptors had three looks at the basket and grabbed two offensive rebounds but came up empty. Barbosa missed a three, then, after grabbing his own long rebound, misfired on a mid-range jumper.  Jamaal Magliore  got the rebound of that miss but couldn't convert a short put-back. Atlanta's  Ivan Johnson  grabbed the rebound and Toronto would never get as close as four again. QUOTABLE II:  "We had too many turnovers and have to do a better job executing down the stretch. We break down, commit turnovers, and miss easy shots. Nobody forces us into anything. It's all on us."   --  Toronto guard  DeMar DeRozan . HOT:  Josh Smith. The Hawks forward scored eight straight points in a five minute stretch of the first quarter during Atlanta's decisive 16-4 run. Three of the buckets came on the same play, a pick-and-roll in which he received the ball down on the left block. Smith's seven-foot jump hook began the run, which turned a 9-5 deficit into a 19-13 lead. Smith, who shot 13-of-19 for the game, was 6-for-7 in the first quarter, 7-for-9 at the first half and 10-of-14 over three. ALSO HOT:  After missing one of two free throws on the Hawks' first possession of the game, Joe Johnson was money from the line the rest of the way, shooting a perfect 5-for-5 in the final 12 minutes, five of them in the final 20.6 seconds. HOT UNDER THE COLLAR:   DeMar eRozan . The Raptors' guard got T'd up at a bad time. Toronto trailed by four when Magliore committed a foul with 3:07 left in the third quarter. Two seconds later DeRozan was called for his third foul. Four seconds after that he was whistled for his fourth. Toronto head coach  Dwane Case  subbed DeRozan out, but on his way to the bench he said the magic word and received a technical. The Hawks made the two shots on his foul and the technical, pushing the lead to seven. NOT:  That third-quarter sequence pretty much summed up DeRozan's day, as he shot 5-for-17 for the game, going 1-for-4 in each of the first three quarters. He was 0-for-4 from three. Teammate  Gary Forbes  also struggled, shooting 1-for-8, 0-for-5 in the second half. Forbes' only basket of the day came on a runner at the 8:35 mark of the second quarter. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Tough call, but Johnson outdid Smith all-around. Johnson shot 9-for-20 ? not as good as Smith's 13-for-19 ? but he also was 3-for-8 from three and 6-for-7 from the foul line (Smith didn't take a three and was 2-for-4 from the line). Johnson also grabbed five rebounds, dished out six assists against only one turnover, had two steals and three blocked shots. He had two blocks, total, coming into the game. ROOKIE WATCH:  Ivan Johnson continued to provide tough and productive minutes. The 27-year-old rookie played 21:48, scoring four points with two rebounds. While the numbers don't necessarily overwhelm, his energy and toughness in the paint made things difficult for the Raptors.  NOTABLE:  Toronto was minus-5 on turnovers in the first quarter and minus-3 in the fourth They were outscored by 13 in those two quarters. They were even in the fourth quarter and plus-3 in the third and outscored the Hawks by six in those two quarters...The Raptors held a 40-28 edge on points in the paint and a 17-15 edge on second-chance points...Atlanta guard  Tracy McGrady  saw 8:10 of action. He didn't score but had three assists and a blocked shot. He'd sat the previous three games due to back spasms...Atlanta outshot Toronto 14-6 at the foul line in the first half, but the Raptors more than evened things up in the third quarter ? at least attempts-wise ? going to the line 16 times. They missed six of the 16 shots, however...Toronto shot 61.1 percent in the second quarter, but only outscored Atlanta, 27-24...The Hawks had a 7-2 edge in turnovers in the opening quarter and outscored Toronto off turnovers 11-2. UP NEXT:  For the Hawks, Wednesday vs. Portland, Friday @ Philadelphia, Saturday vs. Cleveland. For the Raptors, Wednesday @ Boston, Friday vs. Portland, Sunday @ L.A. Clippers.  