  Grizzlies-Pacers notebook   By John Oehser, for NBA.com Posted Sunday December 26, 2010 10:37PM THE FACTS: Rudy Gay  scored 30 points and the Memphis Grizzlies used a big first quarter to establish early momentum in a 104-90 victory at Conseco Fieldhouse in Indianapolis Sunday night. Gay shot 11 of 20, with eight rebounds, five assists and five steals for Memphis, which never trailed after the second quarter. Danny Granger  had 29 points to lead Indiana, which shot 35.6 percent from the field. QUOTABLE:  "That was our focus, to try to come out (fast). They're a very good ball movement team. We didn't want to have to play from behind where they could get a lot of back doors. We did nice job, got a nice lead."    -- Grizzlies coach  Lionel Hollins THE STAT:  Pacers coach  Jim O'Brien  said before the game he didn't expect the Pacers to be rusty -- that despite an unusual six-game layoff since their last game. Maybe it wasn't rust, but the Pacers struggled throughout the game, particularly shooting from the field. They shot 32 of 90, including 6 of 18 from 3-point range. The percentage was the third-lowest of the season for Indiana, which has shot 36 percent or less from the floor in three of its last six games. TURNING POINT : The Grizzlies were never seriously threatened after the third quarter, and it was an 18-4 run late in that period that gave Memphis the edge it held much of the rest of the game. Indiana had shaved the Memphis lead to one, 59-58, with 6:33 remaining in the third period, but a 16-foot jump shot by  O.J. Mayo  and a dunk by  Marc Gasol  pushed the lead to five and Indiana never had possession with a chance to tie or take the lead again. QUOTABLE II:  "We got good looks and they didn't fall. We missed several layups and just didn't keep our head in the game. We've got to keep our heads in the game, help each other our and work for the whole time."    -- Granger HOT : Mayo continued to be a factor off the bench for Memphis. He entered the game having scored in double figures in four of the last five games and twice during that span, he scored 24 or more points. On Sunday, he shot 5 of 14 for 17 points with six rebounds. NOT : Pacers center  Roy Hibbert  began the season as one of the NBA's most-improved players. He still has shown improvement, but has been more inconsistent in recent weeks, and on Sunday, he started the game shooting 1 of 12 from the field through three quarters. He finished with 14 points and 10 rebounds on 5-of-17 shooting. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Gasol finished with 17 points and eight rebounds and Grizzlies point guard Mike Conley -- who played high school basketball in Indianapolis -- had 10 assists. GOOD MOVE:  The Grizzlies led relatively comfortably throughout the final 15 minutes, but with 6:52 remaining, a finger roll by Granger allowed Indiana to pull to within eight, 88-80. Hollins called timeout, after which Gay made a 17-foot bank shot and Mayo hit a 24-foot 3-pointer. "That's what you would hope for when you do call a timeout," Hollins said. "I didn't want it to be four- or five-point game, and then it's a dogfight. We got it back to 13, 14, 15 and we just played with that down the stretch." BAD MOVE:  O'Brien had worried about the power forward match-up before the game, and said if  Josh McRoberts  had trouble with Grizzlies forward  Zach Randolph  he would make a change quick. Although McRoberts played just 7:40 -- scoring no points with no rebounds -- Indiana had no real answer for Randolph. He scored 18 points with 16 rebounds and Indiana forwards Solomon Jones and Jeff Foster combined for 14 points and eight rebounds. ROOKIE WATCH:  Rookie guard  Xavier Henry  scored five points and had two rebounds in a starting role for Memphis. NOTABLE:  The Pacers have been held to 94 points or less in three consecutive games. . . . Randolph's 18 points and 16 rebounds gave him his 18th double double of the season. His 15 defensive rebounds were a team-high for the Grizzlies this season. . . . Hibbert, despite 5 of 17 shooting, registered his 10th double double of the season. UP NEXT:  For the Grizzlies, Monday vs. Toronto, Wednesday @ Sacramento, Saturday @ Utah. For the Pacers, Tuesday vs. Boston, Wednesday @ Washington, Friday vs. Washington.  