Notebook: Pistons 110, Suns 108 
 
 
 Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Jan 11, 2014 11:45 PM - Updated Sun Jan 12, 2014 1:58 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  Pistons coach  Mo Cheeks , who was also head coach at Portland and Philadelphia, recorded his 300th coaching victory.  
 
 THE LEAD:  Forward  Josh Smith  scored a game-high 25 points, including the game-winning layup with 1.2 seconds left, as the Detroit Pistons edged the Phoenix Suns 110-108 on Saturday night at The Palace of Auburn Hills. Forward  Greg Monroe  contributed 20 points and 11 rebounds for the Pistons (17-22), who lost an 18-point, second-half lead but still snapped a five-game home losing streak. Detroit has won two straight following a six-game losing streak. Forward  Channing Frye  led Phoenix (21-15) with 21 points and forward  P.J. Tucker  added 17 points and 11 rebounds. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "The last time I had the opportunity in New York, I settled for a jump shot [missing it in the closing seconds of an 89-85 loss to the Knicks]. I wanted to be aggressive. I learned from that play that I made. I wanted to put the onus on the officials and I was able to get a good look at it." 
 --  Josh Smith  on his game-winner 
 
 
 THE STAT:  16. Pistons point guard  Brandon Jennings  tied  Isiah Thomas ' franchise record with 16 assists in the first half. Thomas had a 16-assist half against Dallas on Feb. 13, 1985. Jennings, who also tied a team record with 11 first-quarter assists, finished with 18, a season high and one shy of his career best. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  With the game tied 105-105, the Suns had the Pistons scrambling in the final minute. Smith fired up a 3-pointer with the shot clock about to expire and it swished through. Getting a three in that situation proved crucial when Suns guard  Gerald Green  made three free throws after Smith fouled him on a 3-point attempt. Smith then redeemed himself with his game-winning drive to the basket.  
 
 HOT:  Smith added 11 rebounds and five assists to go along with his 25 points. On Friday, he became the third player in NBA history to have at least 22 points, 13 rebounds, seven assists, five blocks and four steals in a game. The only other players to do that besides Smith, who posted those numbers at Philadelphia, were  Kareem Abdul-Jabbar  and  Hakeem Olajuwon . 
 
 NOT:  The Suns' defense was shredded for 64 first-half points as the Pistons racked up 50 points in the paint. Detroit collected 24 of its season-high 32 assists during the half while its starting frontcourt combined for 33 points.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "That was a tough shot but that's what big-time players do and that's what he did tonight." -- Detroit guard  Will Bynum  on Smith's game-winner 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Detroit guard  Kentavious Caldwell-Pope  had five crucial points in the fourth after Phoenix tied the game. He wound up with nine.  
 
 NOTABLE:  Pistons center  Andre Drummond  recorded his 27th double-double, second most in the league, with 13 points and 13 rebounds. Minnesota forward  Kevin Love  has 31 double-doubles. ... Phoenix had won seven of the last nine meetings. The teams play again in Phoenix on March 21. ... Recently re-signed guard  Leandro Barbosa  had a season-high nine points for Phoenix. ... Bynum scored 14 of his 16 points off the bench after halftime. ... Suns reserve forward  Marcus Morris  scored 17 points and added six rebounds. ... Detroit reserve guard  Chauncey Billups  sat out for precautionary reasons on the second game of a back-to-back. Phoenix was playing for the sixth time without second-leading scorer  Eric Bledsoe  (knee surgery). ... Monroe averaged 7.0 points in his five previous games against the Suns, his lowest against any opponent. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Suns, Monday @ New York, Wednesday vs. L.A. Lakers, Friday vs. Dallas. For the Pistons, Friday vs. Utah, Saturday @ Washington, Monday, Jan. 20 vs. L.A. Clippers. 
