  Wolves-Wizards notebook   By Benjamin Standig, for NBA.com Posted Saturday March 5, 2011 11:32PM THE FACTS:   Kevin Love  racked up his 50th consecutive double-double and 11th 20-20 game of the season with 20 points and 21 rebounds, but Wizards rookie  Trevor Booker  soared higher for three straight late dunks and  John Wall 's near triple-double helped Washington snap their seven-game losing streak with a 103-96 win over Minnesota on Saturday night. Booker, Wall and  Maurice Evans  all came up big in the fourth quarter, combining for 26 of the Wizards 35 points. Washington trailed by six just 16 seconds into the fourth quarter and 85-84 after a Love layup with 5:47 remaining before taking control with a 13-5 run energized by the first of Booker's high-flying jams. Wall scored eight of his 18 points in the fourth quarter, grabbed a career-high 11 rebounds and had eight assists. Evans scored 15 points, 11 coming in the final quarter and his 3-pointer with 2:28 left put Washington up 97-90. Minnesota pulled within three, but would get no closer. Andray Blatche  scored 20 points for the Wizards.  Michael Beasley  finished with 18 points as all five Timberwolves starters scored in double figures. QUOTABLE:  "I just saw the ball up there, so I just tried to go up and get it. And then I saw I was pretty high. I decided to dunk it.   -- Trevor Booker, who scored all seven of his points in the final quarter THE STAT:  Love, who leads the NBA with 59 double-doubles, has now generated four 20-20 performances in his last five starts. In the third quarter alone he had 11 rebounds. QUOTABLE II:  "Yeah, it's kind of normal now. I'm like whatever. Tell me 40-40 and I'll get excited."   -- Michael Beasley on another ho-hum monster statistical night from Love. TURNING POINT:  With the Wizards down one, Booker's first dunk gave them the lead for good and got the home crowd pumped. His next two slams were both on offensive rebounds, the first of which he rose well above Love. By the time he came back down to earth, the momentum was all on the Wizards side and never left. Booker did all that despite almost missing the game with flu-like symptoms.  QUOTABLE III:  "You see the mascots jumping off the trampoline, that's what it felt like [Booker] was doing in there. He's an athletic freak.I got off at the 10th floor, he got off at the 12th. That was the deal."   -- Kevin Love on Trevor Booker's fourth-quarter dunk display HOT:  The Wizards shot 42.9 percent for the game, but in the fourth quarter they rose to the occasion, knocking down 13-of-20 attempts (65 percent). Booker and Evans off the bench combined shot 7-of-9 and Evans was 3-for-4 from beyond the arc. NOT:   Nick Young  (flu-like symptoms) and  Josh Howard  (hamstring) were out for the Wizards. Timberwolves rookie  Wesley Johnson  (flu-like symptoms) stayed back at the team hotel and missed his second straight game. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Timberwolves center  Nikola Pekovic  made all five of his first-half field goal attempts, and finished 6-of-7 overall for 13 points and eight rebounds. That effort comes one night after the NBA rookie shot 6-for-8 and scored a career-high 16 points against the 76ers. Pekovic has started three straight games while  Darko Milicic  is with his newborn child, but the 25-year-old Yugoslavia native could see quality minutes even upon Milicic's return. GOOD MOVE:  Coach  Flip Saunders  returned to the Wizards sideline after missing Wednesday's home loss to Golden State and one day after his mother Kay passed away at the age of 90. BAD MOVE:  After the Timberwolves trimmed a seven-point lead to 97-94, Love missed an open short attempt with 55.9 seconds left. Wall countered with a layup to put the Wizards up five with 39 seconds remaining and Washington sank four free throws to close the door. ROOKIE WATCH:  With Young sidelined,  Jordan Crawford  made his first NBA start. Acquired from Atlanta in the  Mike Bibby - Kirk Hinrich  trade deadline deal, the former Xavier star was 3-for-10 from the field and finished with eight points.  Lazar Hayward  missed all six of his shots in 21 minutes off the Timberwolves bench. INSIDE THE ARENA:  It was apparently local sports mascot night. In addition to the Wizards own G-Wiz, the crowd of 18,216 witnessed dancing, prancing and general tom foolery from "Slapshot" (Washington Capitals), "Screech" (Washington Nationals) "The Bird" (Baltimore Orioles), "Pax" (Washington Mystics) plus mascots from local universities including Maryland and George Washington. QUOTABLE IV:  "Coach [said] whoever is guarding [Love] try and box him out and let everybody else try and rebound. Tonight I keyed in on rebounding and helping out the bigs."   -- John Wall, who grabbed 10 or more rebounds for the second time in his career NOTABLE:  With his 50th straight double-double, Love stands one behind  Moses Malone 's NBA record set during the 1978-79 season. UP NEXT:  For the Wolves: Monday vs. Mavericks, Wednesday vs. Pacers, Friday vs. Jazz. For the Wizards: Sunday @ Pistons, Tuesday vs. Bucks, Saturday vs. Clippers  