  Knicks-Celtics notebook   By Brian Robb, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday April 13, 2011 11:55PM THE FACTS:  The Boston Celtics closed out the regular season on a high note, pulling away in the fourth quarter to defeat the New York Knicks 112-102 in a sneak preview of the Eastern Conference first-round matchup.  Avery Bradley  poured in a career-high 20 points for the victors, as Boston's second team took advantage of the additional playing time, with the starting lineup getting the night off to rest.  Amar'e Stoudemire  scored 14 points for New York in his first game back from a sprained ankle, but  Carmelo Anthony  and  Chauncey Billups  were also given the night off in preparation for the postseason showdown, which begins Sunday night in Boston. QUOTABLE:  I'm really glad we got him twenty minutes, that worked out, I was holding my breath the whole time but it was good. He said he felt well, and it's a good start."   -- New York coach  Mike D'Antoni  on Stoudemire's return to action THE STAT:  Boston only played eight players and six of them scored in double figures. Every active player on both teams scored at least five points in the contest. TURNING POINT:  The Celtics broke open a two-point game at the start of the fourth quarter with an 11-0 run. QUOTABLE II:  "I felt good. I mean we've been practicing a lot and just going up against Rondo every single day, and we go hard in practice. Those guys just got me so much better from the beginning of the year to now."   -- Avery Bradley HOT:  Bradley. The 20-year-old rookie made the most of his opportunity, hitting his first four shots on his way to a career night. Bradley, who had only played sparingly this year, had tallied just 33 points in his NBA career prior to the scoring outburst. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:   Glen Davis  continued to bounce back out of his recent slump, with 17 points, eight rebounds, and three assists Wednesday night in 26 minutes. The fourth-year forward is expected to see big minutes throughout the postseason, especially in crunch-time with the starting unit. ROOKIE WATCH:   Landry Fields .   The Stanford product led the Knicks in scoring and rebounding with 16 points and seven rebounds in 29 minutes. NOTABLE:   Delonte West  (ankle) and  Shaquille O'Neal  (calf) both sat out the contest for Boston, as the home team. Boston coach  Doc Rivers  is optimistic that both players will be ready for Game 1 of the opening round.  Shelden Williams  rolled his ankle in the fourth quarter for New York and did not return. After the game, he told reporters he would be ready to Game 1. New York has 21 fast-break points, compared to just two for Boston.  Sasha Pavlovic  had a season-high 19 points for the C's. Boston led by as many as 20 points. UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Sunday @ Boston, Tuesday @ Boston, Friday vs. Boston. For the Celtics, Sunday vs. New York, Tuesday vs. New York, Friday @ New York.  