
 Wolves-Suns notebook   By Mike Tulumello, for NBA.com Posted Thursday December 16, 2010 12:35AM THE FACTS:  The Phoenix Suns bombed home six 3-pointers -- four by  Channing Frye  -- in a 5-minute span down the home stretch Wednesday night, allowing the Suns to erase a seven-point deficit and roll to a 128-122 win over the visiting Minnesota Timberwolves. For the Suns,  Jason Richardson  broke out of a three-game slump by hitting 11-for-23 for 29 points.  Grant Hill  shot 7-for-10 for 21 points, while Frye added 21 points, all from long range.  Steve Nash  passed for 19 assists, while  Robin Lopez , returning after a 14-game absence with a knee injury, had 12 points and eight rebounds in 24 minutes. For the Timberwolves,  Kevin Love  had 23 points and 16 boards.  Corey Brewer  added 20 points off the bench. The Suns (12-12) needed a win in the worst way. They had lost three straight and now head off on a three-game road trip to Dallas, Oklahoma City and San Antonio before returning home to host the surging Miami Heat. The Timberwolves dropped to 6-20. QUOTABLE:  "He did a good job of protecting the basket and rebounding. He had more bounce and played with more confidence than before he got hurt."    -- Suns coach  Alvin Gentry  on the return of Lopez THE STAT:  This game appeared to be the rebounding mismatch of the season, with the Timberwolves, ranked No. 1 in overall rebounding percentage, vs. the bottom-ranked Suns. But with Lopez returning to action and Frye joining him in the starting lineup (Frye figures to return to a reserve role at some point) the Suns actually outrebounded the T-Wolves 46-39. TURNING POINT:  With 8:00 left, the Suns outscored the Timberwolves 24-6 in the next five minutes thanks to six 3-pointers, four by Frye, two by  Jared Dudley . This turned a 102-95 deficit into a 119-108 lead. QUOTABLE II:  "He's relentless in his pursuit of finding open men. If we're not doing everything right all the time, for 24 seconds of each possession, then he's going to find the open gap."    -- Wolves coach  Kurt Rambis  on Nash FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  With the return of Lopez, coach Gentry had three "bigs" (Frye and  Earl Barron  were the others) as part of a 10-man rotation. But small forward  Josh Childress  did not play. Childress only played eight minutes in the Suns' previous game, a home loss to the Trail Blazers. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Suns fan  Dan Nguyen  won a 65-inch, high-definition TV by swishing a halfcourt shot at halftime. ROOKIE WATCH:  The Wolves'  Wesley Johnson  started at off guard and shot 7-for-12 for 17 points. NOTABLE:  The Suns are 6-4 in games Lopez starts at center. They are 6-8 with him out of action. UP NEXT:  For the Timberwolves, Friday @ Portland, Saturday @ Denver, Monday @ Los Angeles Clippers. For the Suns, Friday @ Dallas, Sunday @ Oklahoma City, Monday @ San Antonio. 
