  Raptors-Hornets notebook   By Larry Holder, for NBA.com  Posted Monday January 17, 2011 7:23PM THE FACTS:  Forward  David West  scored the final four points to propel the New Orleans Hornets to an 85-81 win on Monday afternoon in the New Orleans Arena. West finished with 23 points and 10 rebounds. The Hornets are riding a five-game winning streak with the win. QUOTABLE:  "It's a big win, period. We're on a winning streak, but we kind of got soft. ... We had a lackadaisical effort in the first half. I tried to be a spark off the bench. ... Around this time, you have to grind out victories, no matter how you get them. We're not always pretty. It's going to be ugly sometimes."   -- Hornets  Jarrett Jack  on the win THE STAT:  The Hornets are now 15-1 when they hold opponents to less than 100 points at home. Oklahoma City is the only team to beat New Orleans at home when scoring less than 100 points on Dec. 10. TURNING POINT:  West hit a 19-footer with 31.7 seconds left to give the Hornets an 83-81 lead. But West's biggest contribution came on the Raptors' next possession as he blocked a shot by the Raptors'  Amir Johnson  and scooped up the rebound with 15 seconds remaining. West then hit two free throws to seal the win. HOT:  Jack came of the bench for the second consecutive game with a big scoring output as he scored 17 points. Hornets coach  Monty Williams  said he played  Chris Paul  less minutes because of Jack's recent hot streak. Jack also had 23 points off the bench in New Orleans's win over Charlotte on Saturday. NOT:  Raptors center  Andrea Bargnani  went 4-for-17 from the field, including 1 of 7 from 3-point land, leading to his 11 points in a game-high 42 minutes. QUOTABLE II:  "It was tough to spread the floor (Monday). The Hornets are a team that likes to play in the paint anyway. We were content with going toe-to-toe with them and try to grind it out on the inside, but we have to have better play from our main guys to be able to grind out wins."   -- Raptors coach  Jay Triano  on not making excuses that Toronto only had eight available players Monday because of injuries INSIDE THE ARENA:  Actors Samuel L. Jackson and Luke Wilson sat at midcourt for Monday's game. Jackson and Wilson are in New Orleans shooting "Meeting Evil." FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Hornets center  Emeka Okafor  continues to be a force in the middle. He scored 17 points and picked up 16 rebounds. Okafor tied a franchise single-game record with 12 offensive rebounds. ROOKIE WATCH:  Raptors reserve forward  Ed Davis  scored 11 points and picked up 12 rebounds in 30 minutes as Toronto only went eight players deep. NOTABLE:  Raptors forward  Linas Kleiza  (sore knee) didn't play Monday. Former Hornets first-round pick forward  Julian Wright  started in Kleiza's place. Wright finished with 11 points and six rebounds in 28 minutes. ... Reserve guard  Jerryd Bayless  (sore ankle) also missed Monday's game. It's the second straight game Bayless missed with the injury. ... Guard  Leandro Barbosa  (strained right hamstring), forward  Reggie Evans  (fractured right foot), forward  Peja Stojakovic  (swollen left knee) and forward  Sonny Weems  (back spasms) weren't with the Raptors. ... Hornets guard  Marco Belinelli  (sore ankle) did start after missing the past two games, but he only played 15 minutes because Williams said he saw Belinelli limping on the ankle slightly. UP NEXT:  For the Raptors, Wednesday @ San Antonio, Friday @ Orlando, Saturday @ Miami. For the Hornets, Wednesday vs. Memphis, Friday @ Atlanta, Saturday vs. San Antonio.  