Notebook: Spurs 116, Raptors 103 
 
 
 Scott Campsall, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Dec 10, 2013 10:48 PM - Updated Tue Dec 10, 2013 10:48 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Spurs have now won six straight meetings with the Raptors dating back to the 2010.  
 
 THE LEAD:  Seven different members of the San Antonio Spurs (16-4) scored in double figures as they handed the Toronto Raptors (7-13) a 116-103 defeat Tuesday night.  Manu Ginobili  scored a team-high 16 points and had a game-high nine assist,  Tony Parker  added 16 and six assists, while  Tim Duncan  and  Danny Green  pitched in with 14.  
 
 DeMar DeRozan  and  Amir Johnson  led the Raptors with 19 apiece, but the rest of the team failed to provide them with any support.  
 Toronto opened the game hot, shooting 62 percent in the opening frame. By the time the second rolled around, the Spurs flipped the script, going on a 13-2 run and eventually dropping 35 points in the quarter.  
 The third was more of the same as San Antonio's bench took over.  The Spurs bench outscored the Raptors' 33-24 in the second half.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We had a lot of guys contribute with 30 assists and that's always fantastic when you get the ball moving. The point where you get 30 assists, you know people are playing the right way." 
 -- Spurs coach  Gregg Popovich  on his team's play. 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Raptors scored 36 points on 62 percent shooting in the first 12 minutes of the game and then were held to 38 points on 37 percent shooting in the next 24 minutes before both bench teams cleared their benches for the fourth.  
 
 THE STAT II:  The Spurs had 30 assists on 82 made baskets and were 13-23 from beyond the 3-point line.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Spurs began the second quarter on a 13-2 run to cut the Raptor lead to one, 38-37.  Three straight buckets by DeRozan broke up the run, but the Spurs weathered the storm, finishing the half 23-15, opening up a 59-53 lead.  That is the closest the Raptors would get the rest of the way.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:   " [Aron] Baynes  did a great job. He hasn't played that much but he went down to the D-League and played a few games to stay in shape, kept himself ready and it showed tonight. He came in and did a really good job for us." 
 -- Popovich  
 
 
 QUOTABLE III:   "Manu looks healthy, he looks like he has fresh legs with the rest of a whole summer. He is looking good so far and as long as he is healthy it is great for us."  
 -- Spurs guard   Parker  on his teammate Ginobili. 
 
 
 HOT:   The Spurs bench combined to shoot 23-38, outscoring the Raptors bench 61-26.  
 
 HOT:  Second year man  Aron Baynes  had a career night, scoring 16 points and grabbing six rebounds. Defensively he was also a terror, slowing Raptors center  Jonas Valanciunas .  
 
 NOT:   Terrence Ross  got his first start of the season for the Raptors and the results were underwhelming. Ross made just four of his 13 attempts from the floor and committed a game-high five turnovers.  
 
 NOT:  With  Rudy Gay  now playing in Sacramento and the rest of the players Toronto acquired in the deal not arriving in town until Wednesday, a great deal of their offensive burden fell on DeRozan Tuesday night and he struggled. DeRozan shot 6-16 and, despite having a team-high seven assists, he was unable to lift his club when they leaned on him.  
 
 NOTABLE:  Raptors guard Ross got his third career start... DeRozan recorded 5 assists for the second straight game and third time this season. He had five or more assists 12 times last year and just five times in first three seasons... Spurs center  Tiago Splitter  did not make the trip due to a nagging calf injury.  Jeff Ayers  started in his place...  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Spurs, Wednesday @Milwaukee, Friday vs. Minnesota, Saturday @ Utah. For the Raptors, Friday vs. Philadelphia, Saturday @ Chicago, December 18th vs. Charlotte.   
