  Notebook: Clippers 117, Rockets 89   By Dan Arritt, for NBA.com Posted Thursday January 5, 2012 2:02AM THE FACTS:  The warm weather that's enveloped Southern California in recent days didn't compare to the burn the Clippers put on the Rockets on Wednesday night. The Clippers shot 70 percent from the floor through the first 2 1/2 quarters, good enough to pull away for a 117-89 victory at Staples Center. QUOTABLE:  "We jumped on them early in the first quarter. We were shooting the ball very well and got some easy baskets. I thought we moved the ball well tonight , we had 30 assists and only seven turnovers."   -- Clippers coach  Vinny Del Negro . THE STAT:  The Clippers shot such a high percentage because they owned the paint. They finished with 62 points down low on 31-for-39 shooting. Clippers power forward  Blake Griffin  did most of the damage in the key with 22 points, but point guard  Chris Paul  also scored several of his 20 points on penetration into the lane. TURNING POINT:  Through the first six minutes, it appeared the first team to 90 points might win the game, but then the Clippers outscored Houston 24-11 over the final 5:26 of opening period to take a 15-point lead. The Rockets couldn't creep closer than seven the rest of the way. Seven players scored for Clippers during the deciding run, led by Paul with nine points and four of his 10 assists. HOT:  The Clippers shot 47-for-81 from the field (58 percent), but that's mild compared to how they shot the ball during the first half and into the second. Midway through the third quarter, they were still hitting on 70 percent of their shots (35-for-50), on pace to break the franchise record of 69.3 percent, set 14 years ago against the Raptors. They finally cooled off late in the third, missing seven of their final eight shots. NOT:  None of the Houston starters managed more than three rebounds. Likely because there were so few rebounds to grab. GOOD MOVE:  Even though the lead had been trimmed from 23 points to 17, Del Negro began substituting veteran starters  Chauncey Billups  and  Caron Butler  with a little less than three minutes remaining in the third quarter. He took Paul out of the game at the end of the third and Griffin exited for good early in the fourth, yet the reserves still outscored Houston down the stretch, 23-14. Rockets coach  Kevin McHale  made the decision easier by keeping his top seven players on the bench the entire fourth quarter. BAD MOVE:  With the Clippers leading by 23 points with about eight minutes remaining, Houston second-year forward  Patrick Patterson  went into the first row behind the Clippers basket after fouling  Randy Foye  on a breakaway layup. Good intentions, bad timing. QUOTABLE II:  "We didn't do anything that even gave us a chance to be in the game. I mean, they had a 40-point first quarter, it started right from there."   -- Houston coach Kevin McHale. NOTABLE:  Lost in the blazing-hot shooting performance by the Clippers in the first half was a pretty good shooting stretch for the Rockets as well. Before missing their final five shots of the first half, they were shooing 22-for-35 for a 62.9 percent clip. Still, they trailed by 12 at the break ... Billups returned to the starting lineup after missing the last two games with a groin injury .. Houston reserve guard  Courtney Lee  sat out with an injured right calf, which occurred early in the fourth quarter of Tuesday's loss against the Lakers ... The Clippers are over .500 after five games for the first time since the 2007-08 season, when they won their first four games. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Saturday vs. Bucks, Tuesday @ Portland, Jan. 11 vs. Miami. For the Rockets, Friday @ Oklahoma City, Saturday vs. Oklahoma City, Tuesday @ Charlotte.  