Notebook: Warriors 106, Timberwolves 93 
 
 
 Jim Beilby, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Thu Nov 07, 2013 12:03 AM - Updated Thu Nov 07, 2013 12:03 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Golden State Warriors improved to 4-1, with all of their wins coming by double-digits.   
 
 THE LEAD:  Golden State shooting guard,  Klay Thompson , scored 19 of his 30 points in the fourth quarter as the Golden State Warriors overcame 21 turnovers and an uncharacteristically cold hand from beyond the arc to defeat the much-improved Minnesota Timberwolves 106-93 on Wednesday night. Despite leading the league in 3-point shots made, Golden State was 0-for-8 from beyond the arc in the first half.  They finished strong, however, with Thompson shooting 5-for-6 from three in the final quarter and scoring 13 consecutive points over a three minute span as Golden State pulled away from Minnesota. 
 
 Kevin Love  had another strong performance for Minnesota, accumulating 25 points, 16 rebounds, and six assists in 37 minutes of play.  Kevin Martin added 23 points for Minnesota in the losing effort. 
 
 QUOTABLE : "It's early [in the season] and I just told them that sometimes you have success early in a season and yon think you've arrived.  It almost gives you false security because you've won some games.  Now we are playing some good teams and we are finding out about ourselves.  Tonight, we weren't ready to play this team. They were a lot better than we were and I think every one of our guys has to play better for us to have a chance." --  Minnesota coach  Rick Adelman. 
 
 
 THE STAT : Despite starting 0-for-8 from three point range, Golden State finished the game 8-for-20 from beyond the arc.  They also scored 26 points off of Minnesota's 19 turnovers into 26 points. 
 
 TURNING POINT : Minnesota's bench was physically over-matched by their Golden State counterparts.  J.J. Barea , in particular, was called on to guard Thompson in the third quarter.  Thompson scored a flurry of baskets forcing Minnesota to go to a zone defense.  When they did so, the Warriors heated up from beyond the arc, making eight of their final 12 3-point shots.  As a result, Golden State expanded a five-point lead held at the end of the third quarter to an 18-point lead in less than seven minutes of game time. 
 
 QUOTABLE II : "You can't worry about [missing shots].  As a shooter, you have to be a continuous player.  Whether you make it or miss the last shot, you can't think about it.  You just have to let it fly." --  Golden State guard Thompson 
 
 
 HOT: Harrison Barnes  made his season debut for Golden State, shooting 6-for-8 from the floor and scoring 14 points off the bench in less than 14 minutes.  He had been sidelined for the first four games with an inflamed left toe. 
 
 NOT:  Minnesota's bench shot a dreadful 1-for-9 in the first half and improved very little in the second, finishing with 10 points on 4-for-17 shooting. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "[Golden State] is a pretty good team.  They made us work for everything and that is why they are one of the top teams in the West.  Tonight we learned a lesson of playing together for 48 minutes and playing hard for 48 minutes." --  Minnesota guard   Martin. 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  Love was named Western Conference Player of the Week for the week of October 29 - November 3.  He led the Wolves to a 3-0 record and averaged 29.7 points, 14.7 rebounds, and 3.7 assists per game.  With a win tonight, Minnesota would have matched a record (4-1) rivaled only three times in the past 16 years.  Golden State has won five straight over Minnesota and nine of the last 10 at Target Center. 
 
 UP NEXT : For the Wolves, Friday vs. Dallas, Sunday @ Lakers, Monday @ Clippers.  For the Warriors, Friday @ San Antonio, Saturday @ Memphis, Tuesday vs. Detroit. 
