  Notebook: Knicks 103, Wizards 65 Posted Friday April 13, 2012 10:20PM By Adam Zagoria, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  On his 33rd birthday,  Baron Davis  found the fountain of youth. Davis delivered a season-high 18 points on 7-for-9 shooting as the Knicks improved to 13-4 overall and 9-0 at home under interim head coach  Mike Woodson  with a 103-65 rout of the Washington Wizards at Madison Square Garden. J.R. Smith  scored 23 points off the bench and  Carmelo Anthony  and  Steve Novak  added 18 apiece for the Knicks, who moved into a seventh-place tie in the East with the Philadelphia 76ers, who lost at home to the Nets. The Knicks have a huge game Sunday at home against the Miami Heat. QUOTABLE:  "It was nice to see him have really a breakout game. He shot the ball extremely well. He did some nice things on the floor tonight and didn't have to play a lot of minutes to get it done."   --  Woodson on Davis. THE STAT:  The Wizards' 65 points was their second-lowest for the franchise this season. Their previous low was 64 in a loss at Chicago Jan. 11. The Knicks held the Wizards without a field goal for 12:19 in the second half. TURNING POINT:  The Knicks raced out to a 21-8 first-quarter lead and led 26-13 after the first 12 minutes thanks to a combined 21 points from Anthony (eight), Davis (seven) and Novak (six). QUOTABLE II:  "We can't worry about what Philly and Boston are doing...But it's there. We control our own destiny in terms of trying to move up and win the division."   --  Woodson. WHO'S HOT:  Smith had 23 points and has at least 14 in five straight games. In one of those games, Sunday's win over the Bulls, he went 6-for-22. But in the other four he has gone 6-for-12, 6-for-13, 5-for-13 and 9-for-15. WHO'S NOT:  The Wizards (14-45) snapped a modest two-game winning streak and lost for the sixth time in eight games. The good news is they are increasing their odds of getting the No. 1 pick in the NBA Draft, which will be Kentucky forward  Anthony Davis . QUOTABLE III:  "We're trying to do what we're supposed to do here at home, and that's win."   --  Woodson. NOTABLE: Amar'e Stoudemire  (bulging disc) worked out on the court before the game wearing a hoodie in honor of  Trayvon Martin . He is likely out for Sunday's huge game with Miami, but could practice Saturday with an eye toward returning next week, possibly Wednesday against the Nets. "He seemed to feel pretty good today so we'll take it another step [Saturday] and see where he is," Woodson said. "Hopefully he can let us know what he plans on doing. It's still day-to-day as far as I'm concerned." NOTABLE II: Iman Shumpert  sprained his right ankle midway through the third period when he came down on  Kevin Seraphin's  foot under the basket and did not return. "They said I'm day to day. I think I'll be alright," said Shumpert on his sprained ankle. The Knicks need Shumpert in a big way on Sunday to defend both  LeBron James  and  Dwyane Wade  and to play the point for the remainder of the season. Woodson had no update following the game but said before the game he is a big fan of Shumpert: "I do feel comfortable with 'The Rook' in there," he said before the game. "I really do." QUOTABLE IV:  "Our next oponent is the Heat and they're one of the best teams in the East and they've been that way all year....Sunday will be a big game for our ball club, a big test."   --  Woodson. INSIDE THE ARENA: C.C. Sabathia, John McEnroe  and  Edie Falco  all sat courtside. UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Sunday vs. Heat, Tuesday vs. Celtics, Wednesday @ Nets. For the Wizards, Saturday vs. Cavaliers, Monday @ Bulls, Wednesday vs. Milwaukee.  