
 Raptors-Wolves Notebook   By Holly MacKenzie, for NBA.com Posted Friday February 4, 2011 10:52PM THE FACTS:  After losing 13 games straight and tying the second-worst losing streak in franchise history, the Toronto Raptors got a win on Friday night. Playing at the ACC against the Minnesota Timberwolves, the Raptors closed out the 111-100 victory to snap the streak.  Jose Calderon  tied a career-high with 19 assists while  Amir Johnson  had a 19-point, 12-rebound double-double and  Andrea Bargnani  scored 30 points.  Kevin Love  had 20 points and 15 rebounds in the loss for the Wolves, hours after being named as Yao Ming's injury replacement in the All-Star game. QUOTABLE:  "That's crazy. That's our Rondo. Jose was our Rondo tonight."   -  DeMar DeRozan  on Calderon having 19 assists while the Timberwolves had 18 assists as a team. THE STAT:  The Raptors finished the game shooting 55 percent from the floor. While Calderon tied a career-high with 19 assists, the team as a whole had 35 assists on 46 made field goals. With Amir Johnson scoring 19 points on 8-for-10 shooting and DeMar DeRozan shooting 10-for-13 for his 20 points, the Timberwolves couldn't get stops when they needed them. TURNING POINT:  The Raptors took a six-point lead into the fourth quarter and continued to make their shots. Toronto shot 53 percent for the final quarter, making 10 of their 19 field goal attempts. In comparison, Minnesota fell apart offensively, making just four field goals and shooting 24 percent from the floor. While a 3-pointer from  Sebastian Telfair  cut the Raptors lead to four with less than three minutes remaining, the Raptors responded with a jumper from DeRozan and a dunk from Johnson (both assisted by Calderon) and the Raptors got to walk off the court with a sigh of relief. QUOTABLE II:  "We didn't win, like...did we get a win the month of January? We had two? It seems like it's been awhile. It's a huge relief."   -  Amir Johnson  on breaking the 13-game losing streak. QUOTABLE III:  "I was looking at him like 'What are you talking about? I looked around like, 'Is Ashton Kutcher about to pop up in here?'"   -  Love  on his reaction after  Kurt Rambis  delivered the news about the All-Star game. HOT:  Amir Johnson filled the stat sheet, finishing with 19 points on 8-for-10 shooting to go along with 12 rebounds, six assists, three steals, two blocked shots and zero turnovers. INSIDE THE ARENA:  WWE Intercontinental Champion  Kofi Kingston  sat courtside to take in the action. NOTABLE:   Michael Beasley  left the game during the second quarter after spraining his ankle. Beasley called a timeout and immediately hopped over to the side of the court and then all of the way into the locker room to be evaluated. He did not return to the game and his status for Minnesota's next game is not known. During Minnesota's pregame meeting in the locker room, coach Kurt Rambis announced to Love and his teammates that he was named as Yao Ming's replacement in the All-Star game. UP NEXT:  For the Timberwolves, Saturday vs. Denver, Monday @ New Orleans and Tuesday @ Houston. For the Raptors, Tuesday @ Milwaukee, Wednesday vs. San Antonio and Friday vs. Portland. 
