  Rockets-Lakers notebook   By Bryan Chu, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday February 2, 2011 2:45AM THE FACTS:  It took an extra period, but the Lakers did clamp down on defense down the stretch, an aspect of their game that has been lacking of late. In addition to the late defensive-stand, the Lakers needed every bit of the three double-doubles they got as they gutted out a 114-106 overtime victory over the Rockets Tuesday at Staples Center. The Lakers (34-15) snapped a two-game losing streak and quelled the critics for one more night until they face the San Antonio Spurs, who have the best record in the league at 40-8, on Thursday. The Lakers have struggled against the elite teams, posting a 1-5 record this season. "This [game] was important," said Lakers center  Pau Gasol , who had 26 points, 16 rebounds and four blocked shots. "Now it's going to be next game [against the Spurs]. It's going to be crucial. We must focus. We must get this win." In the victory,  Kobe Bryant  led the Lakers with game-high 32 points on 13-for-25 shooting and a game-high 11 assists.  Lamar Odom  also had a monster game with 20 points and 20 rebounds. For the Rockets (22-28),  Kevin Martin  scored 30 points and  Luis Scola  tallied 24 points and snagged 15 rebounds. In overtime, Houston led 104-100 with 2:48 to go, but then Los Angeles closed out the game on a 14-2 run. The Rockets missed their final five shots while the Lakers were aggressive, getting to the free throw line as eight of their 16 overtime points came from the charity stripe. In the final minutes of regulation, it was Scola versus Odom and Bryant, who both combined to score 12 straight Laker points. Every time the Lakers went up by six, however, the Rockets managed to trim the deficit down to two points. Scola scored 10 of the Rockets' 12 points during the final four minutes of the game. None were more important than his wide-open layup, which was setup by  Aaron Brooks  to tie the game at 98-98 with 5.5 seconds to go in regulation. In the game's final possession, Odom fired a fallaway 3-pointer from the left wing with  Chuck Hayes  in his face. The shot was long. QUOTABLE:  "I was going to look to attack anybody who was guarding me, it didn't matter who it was. I have to be aggressive and attack like there's no tomorrow."   -- Pau Gasol, who was traded to the Lakers three years to the day from Memphis, on his aggressiveness. THE STAT:  10 -- The number of assists the Lakers had in the first quarter against the Rockets. In the loss to the Celtics on Sunday, the Lakers recorded a season-low 10 assists for the game, the fewest in a home game since the Lakers moved to Los Angeles in Oct. 25, 1960. THE STAT II:  1 -- The number of Rockets who shot a free throw. Martin, who was 10-for-11 from the line, accounted for all the free throws. The last time a player had all his team's free-throw attempts (with a minimum of 10 attempts) was on April 8, 2002, when Steve Francis went 7-for-11 from the stripe in Houston's 83-74 loss to Orlando.  TURNING POINT:  After a Gasol reverse layup put the Lakers up 108-106 with 1:04 to play, Houston tried to run a pick and roll, but wound up with an ill-advised shot by Scola, who fired a one-handed bankshot, in the post. Bryant then scored on the next possession and the Lakers never looked back. QUOTABLE II:  "I was trying to get their attention, and they threw it down and posted him up. That's not a good play against the two guys [Gasol and Odom]."   -- Houston coach  Rick Adelman  on the shot Scola took. HOT:  In the third period, Martin scored 13 straight points for the Rockets to put them up 70-65, Houston's biggest lead of the game. Martin, who turned 28 years old today, finished the game with 30 points on 8-for-15 shooting. NOT:  Brooks continues to struggle in his return from a left ankle sprain. Brooks scored 16 points on 7-for-19 shooting. He missed eight of his 10 3-point attempts. He did have eight assists to one turnover, however. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  As a starter for the injured  Andrew Bynum , Odom recorded his 20th double-double this season with a 20-point, 20-rebound effort. He was 8-for-18 shooting and made a pair of 3-pointers. QUOTABLE III:  "It's a sign. It's a red flag that something's not working. It's mentioned and it's talked about that way. Some decision can be made that can change things up. As a team, as a group, I think that kind of tells you that we need to step it up and we need to get it together otherwise some people, or some player, might go."  -- Pau Gasol on Lakers general manager  Mitch Kupchak 's comments of a trade. NOTABLE:  Kupchak expressed that he is open to a trade on Monday, a day after the Lakers were blown out by the Celtics in the final minutes of the game. Odom and Lakers coach  Phil Jackson  were asked what they thought about Kupchak's comments. "You have to ask (Mitch)," Odom said. "I'm going to stick by my team...I don't get involved with what's going on upstairs." Odom went on to say, "That was my first time hearing about it. He's the GM. That's his job to determine those things." Jackson doesn't feel the team needs to make a trade. "We can play with the team we have," Jackson said. "I'm still prepared in any series to put this team against anybody." ... Lakers great  Magic Johnson  chimed in and told ESPN.com that "unfortunately, we're looking old and we're playing old." He also added, "We have to do something. The Lakers are not responding and two things showed me that  the Miami Heat Christmas game and then the Boston Celtics game [on Sunday]. When you don't get up for your two biggest games during the season and you have flat performances, then you have to start looking at trade possibilities to improve the team and bring some energy to the team and bring some new life to the team." ... Bynum was out versus Houston after an MRI on Tuesday morning revealed a bone bruise on his left knee. "He's a game-by-game decision," Jackson said. "We don't know how quickly he's going to get over this. It's a bone bruise and those things sometimes take longer than one game. We're going to miss him, but we're relieved that it's not anything worse than that." The injury was said to likely have occurred against the Celtics when Bynum was boxing out  Paul Pierce  for a rebound. Bynum missed the first 24 games after undergoing offseason surgery on his right knee. In 2008, he missed the final 47 regular season and the postseason because of left knee surgery after partially dislocating his kneecap. Bynum is averaging 11.4 points, 7.3 rebounds and 1.8 blocks per game on the season. The Lakers are 12-5 since Bynum returned from offseason surgery. UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Thursday vs. San Antonio, Saturday @ New Orleans, Monday @ Memphis. For the Rockets, Wednesday @ Utah, Saturday vs. Memphis, Monday @ Denver.  