  Notebook: Knicks 91, Bobcats 87   By Adam Zagoria, for NBA.com Posted Monday January 9, 2012 11:15PM THE FACTS:  Despite playing with a sore back, hip and groin,  Carmelo Anthony  scored nine of his 22 points in the fourth quarter as the Knicks avenged a bad loss last Wednesday to the Charlotte Bobcats and won their third straight, 91-87, at Madison Square Garden. Charlotte's  D.J. Augustin  missed a potential game-tying 3-pointer in the final seconds and Anthony then made 1-of-2 free throws to ice the win. He was 9-for-13 from the line in the game. Amar'e Stoudemire  scored a team-high 25 points to go with 11 rebounds for the Knicks,  Tyson Chandler  added 20 points and 13 boards and  Iman Shumpert  had 16 points, six rebounds, four assists and three steals in his second straight start. QUOTABLE:   "We held them to 87 points tonight. Tonight we won the game on the defensive end."    -- Anthony on his team's 38 percent shooting night , which included a 1-for-10 performance from beyond the arc. THE STAT:  In two games this season agains the Knicks, Charlotte's  Boris Diaw  has 46 points, including a season-best 27 in Wednesday's win and 19 in this one. In Charlotte's other seven games combined, Diaw has totaled 52 points. Diaw was 3-for-5 from beyond the arc for the Bobcats, who went 7-for-19 from deep. QUOTABLE II:  "He's a big guard, defensively is where the first impact is. And offensively he can penetrate, he can get his shot, he can do different things...He's just a big guard and he's playing with a lot of confidence."   -- Knicks coach  Mike D'Antoni  on Shumpert, who once again didn't finish the game because of leg cramps. TURNING POINT:  After the Knicks blew an 11-point second-half lead, Charlotte tied it at 82 on a 3-pointer by  D.J. Augustin  with 2:56 remaining. Anthony then isolated on  D.J. White  and drove in for a layup to make it 84-82. The Knicks closed the game on a 9-5 spurt, getting eight points from Anthony. QUOTABLE III:  "I'm trying to get to the basket every time. And tonight I was able to get there, the shots just wasn't falling. I'm pretty sure I'm capable of making those shots."  -- Anthony HOT:  Making his second start of the season in place of  Toney Douglas , Shumpert scored 12 points in the first half, going 6-for-10 with five rebounds and three assists. The rookie from Georgia Tech has now tallied in double-figures in all five games he's played this season. The Knicks are 4-1 in those games. Yet Shumpert again had trouble closing games because of leg cramps. "I just sat out for nine days. I think my body's just gotta get back in game shape," Shumpert said in reference to the time he missed with a right MCL sprain. NOT:  Knicks shooting guard  Landry Fields  continues to struggle, He was 2-for-6 for five points and six rebounds. NOTABLE:  D'Antoni said injured point guard  Baron Davis  (herniated disc) could join the team in the next couple of weeks. "The end of January, more or less," D'Antoni said. Davis was originally projected to miss 8-10 weeks, but could return in five. He would provide a major jolt to the Knicks backcourt. Already, Douglas has been replaced at point guard, and it's not hard to imagine a Davis/Shumpert starting backcourt once Baron returns. INSIDE THE ARENA:   Justin Tuck  of the Giants attended once again. The Giants visit the Green Bay Packers Sunday in an NFC divisional playoff game UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Wednesday vs. Philadelphia, Thursday @ Memphis, Saturday @ Oklahoma City. For the Bobcats, Tuesday vs. Houston, Thursday @ Atlanta, Friday vs. Detroit.  