Notebook: Jazz 92, Nets 90 
 
 
 Jake Appleman, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Dec 18, 2012 11:07 PM - Updated Tue Dec 18, 2012 11:07 PM 
 
 THE FACTS: Gerald Wallace 's 3-pointer off of a  Joe Johnson  steal clanged off the rim,  Reggie Evans  missed a follow-up attempt, and the Utah Jazz escaped with a 92-90 win over the Nets at Barclays Center after erasing a 13-point first-half deficit.  Al Jefferson  and  Marvin Williams  both registered double-doubles for the Jazz, who were led by  Mo Williams'  19 points.  
 Johnson paced the Nets with 21 points and was the team's most consistently effective offensive weapon, but he passed up an opportunity to tie the game early in the game's frantic final possession.   
 
 QUOTABLE:  "You make some of those, you miss some of those."  
-- Wallace, on his 3-point attempt to win the game     
 
 THE STAT:   The Jazz grabbed eight third-quarter offensive rebounds after corralling only six in the first half and the Nets committed seven of their 14 turnovers in the third quarter.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Jazz scored on their first three third-quarter possessions, trimming a 13-point deficit to seven, immediately putting pressure back on the Nets.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "It's really all about the third quarter. ... We were awful to start the third quarter."  
 -- Nets coach  Avery Johnson 
 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  Atlantic Avenue was visible out one end of the arena, an irregular occurrence as a curtain is usually draped over the in-looking windows.  
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  No rookie played.  
 
 NOTABLE: Brook Lopez  (16 points) threw up a no-look baseline circus shot late in the first quarter that somehow went in.  Lopez was fouled but the shot was waved off. ... Wallace punctuated a standout first half by drilling a 3-pointer from the wing at the second quarter buzzer. But he did not take a shot in the second half until misfiring on the potential game-winner. ...  Derrick Favors , who was dealt to the Jazz in the trade that netted the Nets Deron Williams, scored 13 points off the bench and made a couple of highlight-worthy impact plays down the stretch. Williams scored 14 points and dished out five assists, but continued to struggle with his jumper. "It's over and done with now," Favors said of the trade. "I do not care. I felt more about it last year, but it is over with. You grow up and move on from it." ... The Jazz outscored the Nets by 27 (39-12) in second-chance points and fast-break points combined.   
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Jazz, Wednesday @ Indiana, Saturday @ Miami, Sunday @ Orlando. For the Nets, Wednesday @ New York, Sunday vs. Philadelphia, Tuesday vs. Boston.  
