  Nuggets-Clippers notebook   By Dan Arritt, for NBA.com Posted Sunday March 6, 2011 1:59AM THE FACTS:   Eric Bledsoe  came off the bench to score 15 of his career-high 20 points during the fourth quarter Saturday night and secure a career-high seven steals as the Los Angeles Clippers, despite losing leading scorer  Eric Gordon  to a re-aggravated right wrist, held off the Denver Nuggets, 100-94, at Staples Center. QUOTABLE:  Eric Bledsoe played great. The kid does a lot of intangible things on the court. He made a lot of steals and hit some 3-pointers. He had a good game.  --  Nuggets coach  George Karl . THE STAT:  Coming into the game, six different Clippers had led the team in scoring during a game this season but never Bledsoe, a rookie point guard out of Kentucky who came in averaging 6.6 points. TURNING POINT:  The Nuggets trailed by four points with 4 1/2 minutes remaining when Bledsoe scored on a drive.  Ty Lawson  then missed a 3-point try on the other end and  J.R. Smith  was called for a blocking  Mo Williams  in transition, leading to a technical foul for arguing the call. Mo Williams made the free throw and  DeAndre Jordan  followed with a dunk off a lob pass from  Blake Griffin  for a nine-point lead with 3:38 left. HOT:   Nene  seems to be adjusting well to the absence of  Carmelo Anthony , who was traded to the Knicks last week. Nene scored 25 points and matched his season-high with 14 rebounds. NOT:  Nuggets reserve forward  Al Harrington  went 0-for-8 from the field and finished scoreless in a game for the first time since May 2007. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Griffin came as close to a triple double as he has all season, finishing with 18 points, 12 rebounds and a career-high nine assists. He earned his ninth assist on Williams' 3-point basket with 1:19 remaining but didn't get another opportunity to distribute the ball. GOOD MOVE:  Griffin appeared to tweak his left ankle with 5:40 remaining in the game and the Clippers holding a five-point lead. He hobbled to the bench for a timeout but returned to the floor and helped the Clippers hold off Denver. BAD MOVE:  Denver back-up center  Timofey Mozgov , who was 'posterized' on a Griffin dunk earlier this season while a member of the Knicks, took Gordon down with a hard foul as he drove to the basket with 5:08 left in the first half. Mozgov did not receive a flagrant foul, but expect the league to take another look at the play. Gordon had just returned Wednesday after missing 18 games with the same wrist injury. ROOKIE WATCH:  In addition to the efforts of Bledsoe and Griffin, Al-Farouq Aminu also had a strong game for the Clippers. He only scored four points, but his offensive rebound and slam dunk ended a 14-2 run by the Nuggets in the fourth quarter that pulled them to within a point with 7 ½ minutes remaining. NOTABLE:  Denver guard  Arron Afflalo , a Los Angeles-area native, left in the second quarter with a strained left hamstring and did not return. Afflalo is the only Denver player to appear in every game this season and was averaging career highs in every major statistical category. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Monday @ Charlotte, Wednesday @ Boston, Friday @ New Jersey. For the Nuggets, Thursday @ Phoenix, March 12 vs. Detroit, March 14 @ New Orleans.  