  Notebook: Sixers 107, Warriors 79   By Geoff Lepper, for NBA.com Posted Sunday January 1, 2012 12:27AM THE FACTS: Lou Williams  scored a game-high 23 points, knocking down all four of his 3-point attempts, and the Philadelphia 76ers won despite finishing up an all-road back-to-back, beating the Golden State Warriors 107-79 Saturday.  Thaddeus Young  had 16 points and six rebounds for a 76ers bench that outscored the Warriors' reserves 58-30.  Stephen Curry's  21 points led the Warriors, but they were held to just 38.2 percent shooting in the absence of leading scorer  Monta Ellis , who missed the game to attend his grandmother's funeral. QUOTABLE:  "I hope we can get these Sixer fans back. I hope they've seen on this road trip in our two losses it's been right down to the finish and we've bounced back in each one of those. That resiliency I talked about last year, and we've done it both times this year."   --  76ers coach  Doug Collins  on Philadelphia rebounding from a 102-99 loss to Utah on Friday. THE STAT:  The 76ers won despite playing a fourth road game in six nights and on the second half of a back-to-back. The Warriors, meanwhile, had rested for two full days prior to the game. Philadelphia betrayed no fatigue, however, in outscoring Golden State by 34 points over the final three periods. TURNING POINT:  Philadelphia had already opened up a 10-point lead by halftime, but a 14-3 run over the first 6 minutes of the third quarter -- keyed by six points and an assist from  Jrue Holiday  -- bled off any suspense and brought Oracle Arena's boobirds out from hibernation for the first time this season. HOT:  Williams was impressive all night, but especially so in the second quarter, when he knocked down a trio of 3-pointers to key Philadelphia's 31-17 advantage in that period. NOT: David Lee  had 19 points on the night for Golden State, but he was held to an obviously frustrating 5-for-18 performance in the first half. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Philadelphia center  Spencer Hawes  continued his run of solid performances to open the season, providing 14 points, 12 rebounds, two assists and a block in 30 minutes. GOOD MOVE:  The 76ers wanted to make sure that Curry, coming back off a one-game absence due to a sprained right ankle, couldn't beat them single-handedly. So Philadelphia trapped hard any time they could on Golden State's screen-roll action, often forcing the ball out of Curry's hands. And outside of Curry's 9-for-15, the Warriors combined to shoot a feeble 33.8 percent (25-for-74). QUOTABLE II:  "We kind of came together defensively. You saw how we shared the ball. That's what we were last year, playing defense and sharing the ball. This is one we had to have."   --  Sixers forward   Elton   Brand . ROOKIE. WATCH:  With Ellis absent,  Klay Thompson  stepped in at shooting guard for Golden State, making his first NBA start. Thompson hit his first shot of the night -- a 3-pointer in the first quarter as the Warriors raced out to a 20-7 lead -- but went 0-for-2 the rest of the way with three turnovers offsetting his three assists. NOTABLE:  A Warriors team spokesman said there's no timetable for Ellis to rejoin the Warriors, who have an afternoon tip in Phoenix on Monday. . . . Brand finished with only seven points for the 76ers, but filled other categories in the box score: six rebounds, four assists and a career-high-tying five steals. . . . This was the Warriors' first home game on New Year's Eve since moving to the Bay Area in 1962. Golden State is 6-2 on the road in Dec. 31 games during the last 49 seasons. . . . Golden State did not attempt a free throw until the 9:26 mark of the third quarter, when Lee was hacked in the lane and made one of two. It was the first time the Warriors went dry from the line for an entire half since Oct. 31, 2010 against the Lakers. . . . Golden State big man  Ekpe Udoh , maligned for his lack rebounding last year as a rookie, set a career best with nine boards. UP NEXT:  For the Warriors, Monday @ Phoenix, Wednesday @ San Antonio, Friday @ Lakers. For the 76ers, Wednesday @ New Orleans, Friday vs. Detroit, Saturday vs. Toronto.  