Notebook: Lakers 116, Pelicans 95 
 
 
 Dan Arritt, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Nov 13, 2013 2:05 AM - Updated Wed Nov 13, 2013 2:05 AM 
 
 THE FACT:    Lakers forward  Jordan Hill  moved into the starting lineup and made an immediate impact by scoring a career-high 21 points to go along with 11 rebounds. 
 
 THE LEAD:   For one of the few times this season, the Lakers played like the Lakers of old and the Pelicans, well, they looked like the Hornets. L.A. pounced on New Orleans at the start of the second quarter and didn't let up, getting solid production from Hill and the bench while also limiting foul-plagued forward  Anthony Davis  in the 116-95 victory at Staples Center. 
 
 THE STAT:    The Lakers shot a season-high 55.7 percent from the floor, 10 points higher than their previous best. 
 
 QUOTABLE:   "Maybe today they realized what it's going to take to win." 
 -- Lakers coach  Mike D'Antoni 
 
 
 TURNING POINT:   The teams traded leads four times in the first quarter before the Lakers scored the first five points of the second to take a 27-19 lead. Little did the Pelicans know, the rout was on. L.A. went on to shoot 64.7 percent from the floor in the second frame as Hill poured in nine points to help the Lakers to a 33-20 halftime lead. The Pelicans didn't get near single digits the rest of the way.  
 
 HOT:   The Lakers beat the Pelicans in just about every facet. They not only shot a much higher percentage, but they out-rebounded the visitors 53-31 and had 33 assists on 44 field goals. In addition to Hill, the Lakers benefited from strong bench play, led by 17 points from  Nick Young  and 15 from  Xavier Henry .  Jodie Meeks , thrust into the starting lineup after  Steve Nash  went down with nerve irritation in his back and hamstrings, added 15 points and  Pau Gasol  chipped in 14. Even the non-scorers had something to contribute as point guard  Steve Blake  distributed 10 assists. 
 
 NOT:   Davis, who scored a career-high 32 points against the visiting Lakers last weekend, got off to a decent start, scoring six points in the opening quarter, but he committed his third foul with 5:46 left in the second and was done for the rest of the half. He returned after halftime only to be whistled for No. 4 with 9:48 left in the third quarter, forcing him out of the game again in favor of rookie  Jeff Withey . Davis scored enough points with the game out of hand to finish with a respectable 15 on 6-for-11 shooting, but his absence during those long stretches seemed to take the flight out of the Pelicans. New Orleans didn't get much help from their starting guards either.  Eric Gordon  and  Jrue Holiday  combined to shoot 7-for-24 with five turnovers and eight assists. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:   Thunderous dunks are usually reserved for the other Staples Center tenant, the Clippers, but Henry got into the action with a high-flying one-handed stuff while nearly leapfrogging the 7-foot Withey en route to the rim. If that wasn't harsh enough for Withey -- a former college teammate of Henry's at Kansas -- he also got smacked in the face by Henry's offhand as he hammered the ball through the hoop. D'Antoni deserves some credit for the performance, inserting Hill into the starting lineup over the less active  Chris Kaman . 
 
 QUOTABLE II:   "He's a good guy to lean on if you want a jolt of energy." 
 -- Mike D'Antoni on Hill 
 
 
 BAD MOVE:   New Orleans reserve forward  Greg Stiemsma  suffered a left knee injury when he was bumped while setting a screen with 2:47 left in the first half. Stiemsma was unable to put any weight on the leg as he was helped off the court. The team plans additional tests to determine the severity of the injury. His loss could come at a tough time as the Pelicans released reserve forwards  Lance Thomas  and  Arinze Onuaka  earlier in the day. 
 
 NOTABLE:   Clippers coach  Doc Rivers  was in stands to watch son  Austin  play for the Pelicans. Rivers scored seven points in 15 minutes. Singer  Steven Tyler  was also sitting courtside ... New Orleans guard  Tyreke Evans  was a game-time decision after suffering a left ankle injury in Sunday's loss to the Suns, but he played 31 minutes off the bench, scoring 11 points and handing out a team-high six assists. ... The Pelicans signed guard  Josh Childress  and  Lou Amundson  earlier in the day. Childress was the only New Orleans player not to appear, while Amundson had three points and three rebounds in nine minutes. 
 
 UP NEXT:   For the Lakers, Wednesday at Denver, Friday vs. Memphis, Sunday vs. Detroit. For the Pelicans, Wednesday at Utah, Saturday vs. Philadelphia, Wednesday vs. Utah.  
