  Thunder-Hornets notebook   By Scott Kushner, for NBA.com  Posted Monday January 24, 2011 11:41PM THE FACTS:   David West  delivered a game-winning jumper with 0.5 seconds remaining, propelling the New Orleans Hornets to their ninth consecutive win, downing the Oklahoma City Thunder 91-89 on Monday night at the New Orleans Arena. QUOTABLE:  "That's a really good team we beat over there. And we found a way. Just like we keep doing. We found a way."    -- Hornets point guard  Chris Paul   THE STAT:   Kevin Durant , the NBA's leading scorer entering the night (averaging 28.3 points per game), was held scoreless in the fourth quarter. He missed all five of his field goal attempts and didn't earn a single trip to the free-throw line. TURNING POINT:  Fresh off of a time out and with 14.4 seconds remaining in an 89-89 game, Oklahoma City was setting itself up for a potential game-clinching shot attempt. Instead, Paul jumped in between a pass intended for  Russell Westbrook , slapped it to the other end of the floor and was fouled by a diving  Nick Collison . Paul came up hobbled, but for tonight it was worth it to New Orleans, once West knocked down the game-winner over  Serge Ibaka  moments later. HOT:  An ignited Durant (12 points, three assists) and a furious pace boosted the Thunder offense to 33 points in the first quarter. Six different Thunder players scratched the scoreboard and helped Oklahoma City jump out to a 33-19 lead after the opening buzzer. It was the first 30-point quarter notched against the Hornets since New Orleans surrendered 38 fourth-quarter points to Golden State on Jan. 5 in a 110-103 loss to the Warriors. NOT:  While the Thunder cruised in the first quarter, the brakes got slammed in the second. An underwhelming Thunder performance from the bench, coupled with renewed energy and pinpoint shooting from the Hornets allowed New Orleans to quickly turn a 15-point deficit into a five-point lead by intermission. Bogged down by the Hornets' sticky defense, stout rebounding and stellar backcourt play from  Marcus Thornton  and Paul, the Thunder were held to just 12 points in the second quarter. INSIDE THE ARENA:   Samuel L. Jackson  took in another game at the New Orleans Arena on Monday night. Since arriving in the city, the actor has been a staple at Hornets games, sitting courtside and cheering loudly for the Hornets. Louisiana governor Bobby Jindal and New Orleans mayor Mitch Landrieu were also in the building to formally announce the Hornets had reached the attendance benchmark of 14,735 over two calender years -- preventing the franchise from breaking its lease with the state for at least another year. QUOTABLE II:  "I tried to sneak it to Russ(el) (Westbrook) when I should have just kept it and made a safer play. The play was to get it to Russ and have him and Kevin (Durant) play pick-and-roll. I tried to sneak it in there, but at that point in the game I would have been better off keeping it."   -- Thunder foward Nick Collison on the steal which cost Oklahoma City its final offensive possession and set up the West game-winner. NOTABLE:  The Hornets sold out its second consecutive game, piling 17,233 fans inside the New Orleans Arena...By rallying back from a 15-point deficit, it marked the fourth time during the Hornets' nine-game winning streak that they came back from a double-digit deficit to win the game. UP NEXT:  For the Thunder, Wednesday @ Minnesota, Wednesday vs. Washington, Sunday vs. Miami. For the Hornets, Wednesday @ Golden State, Saturday @ Sacramento, Sunday @ Phoenix.  