  Notebook: Hornets 94, Nuggets 92 Posted Thursday April 5, 2012 12:10AM By Larry Holder, for NBA.com THE FACTS:   Eric Gordon  hit two free throws with 2.1 seconds remaining as the New Orleans Hornets defeated the Denver Nuggets 94-92 on Wednesday night at the New Orleans Arena. Gordon ended up with 15 points in nearly 34 minutes in his first game back with the team after missing the last 51 games with a knee injury. The Hornets are now 3-0 with Gordon and 11-40 without him. QUOTABLE:  "The toughest part of the game is in the second half and in the fourth quarter. I like moments. Sometimes during the second half, teams play tougher defensively and you have to knock down shots somehow. ... I started getting it together in the second half. It's the first game in a long time for me. In the first half, it showed."   -- Gordon on overcoming an anxious start to score 13 of his 15 points in the second half. THE STAT:  The Hornets pummeled the Nuggets in the third quarter shooting the basketball. New Orleans was on fire shooting 80 percent (12 of 15) from the floor, while Denver only made 30.4 percent of its attempts (7 of 23). TURNING POINT:  Gordon took the ball at he top of the key with about 10 seconds and drove to the hoop to draw a foul with 2.1 seconds. He made both free throws to essentially win the game. The Hornets led by as many as 11 points midway through the fourth quarter and Denver chipped away to tie it up with less than one minute left. HOT:  Take away the shooting performances by Gordon and guard Marco Belinelli, the rest of the Hornets team shot 62.2 percent from the field. This may be a small example of how Gordon opens things up for other players. NOT:  Nuggets guard  Andre Miller  may be receiving a call from the league in the near future. He hammered Hornets forward  Carl Landry  near the beginning of the fourth quarter on a layup attempt earning himself a flagrant two foul and an ejection. ROOKIE WATCH:  Nuggets forward  Kenneth Faried  continues to be a force in the low post for Denver in a starting role as the first-year player out of Morehead State had 13 points and eight rebounds against the Hornets. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Hornets center  Chris Kaman  compiled the best overall stat line with 14 points, 10 rebounds, two assists, one steal and five blocked shots. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Actors  Leonardo DiCaprio  and  Christoph Waltz  attended Wednesday night's game in the New Orleans Arena. NOTABLE:  Gordon said that his knee felt fine after the game and he's looking forward to Friday's game in San Antonio. ... Hornets forward  Trevor Ariza  (ankle) and forward  Landry (ankle) also returned to the lineup. Ariza scored 15 points in his his first game back after missing the last four games, while Landry added 12 points after his two-game hiatus. ... The Hornets still weren't 100 percent healthy, though, as point guard Jarrett Jack will miss the Nuggets game with an ankle injury. Williams didn't have a timetable as to when Jack would return to action.  Greivis Vasquez  started in Jack's place and tallied 11 points and 10 assists. ... Nuggets forward  Wilson Chandler  missed his second consecutive game with a strained groin, while guard  Rudy Fernandez  missed his eighth straight game with a strained back. ... Nuggets guard  Ty Lawson  led all scorers with 22 points.  Arron Afflalo  added 15 points, while  Al Harrington  chipped in 14 points. UP NEXT:  For the Nuggets, Friday vs. Phoenix, Saturday @ Golden State, Monday vs. Golden State. For the Hornets, Friday @ San Antonio, Saturday vs. Minnesota, Monday vs. L.A. Lakers.  