
 Wolves-Sixers notebook   By Andy Jasner, for NBA.com Posted Friday March 4, 2011 10:46PM THE FACTS: Andre Iguodala  recorded his second triple-double this season and led the 76ers with 22 points in their riveting 111-100 victory over the feisty Minnesota Timberwolves on Friday.  Elton Brand  scored 21 points while  Thaddeus Young  was terrific off the bench with 16 points and eight rebounds. The Sixers improved to 31-30 but it was far from easy against Minnesota, which trailed 101-100 late in the game. Philadelphia responded with the final 10 points to pull away. Kevin Love  had 21 points and 23 rebounds for the Timberwolves, his 10th 20-20 performance of the season. It was Love's 49th straight double-double, and he needs just two more to tie  Moses Malone's  51 consecutive double-doubles during the 1978-79 season.  Nikola Pekovic  was impressive at center with 16 points in 14 minutes. QUOTABLE:  "We found a way to dig it out. This was another one of those wins where we would have lost earlier in the year."  --  Sixers coach  Doug Collins. THE STAT:  The Sixers made 19 free throws while Minnesota attempted only 10. TURNING POINT:  After the Timberwolves cut the lead to 101-100, Brand knocked down consecutive jumpers. The Sixers put the game away from there. HOT:  Brand was 10-for-16 from the field, including some difficult jumpers. NOT:   Michael Beasley  scored 15 points, but shot 6-for-15. Beasley seemed to rely on the jumper a little bit too much. QUOTABLE II:  "I tried to establish myself early in passing the ball and rebounding. I wasn't trying for a triple-double. I'm happy that we won the game."  --  Iguodala. FANTASY S.POTLIGHT:  Iguodala displayed a fabulous all-around game once again with 22 points, 13 assists and 10 rebounds. He played a good bit of point forward and consistently made good decisions. INSIDE THE ARENA:  There wasn't much buzz inside the Wells Fargo Center for the Timberwolves' visit. Still, Flyers coach  Peter Laviolette  attended the game along with defensemen  Chris Pronger  and  Sean O'Donnell . QUOTABLE III:  "The best thing about the NBA is there's another game tomorrow. There's another chance for us to help turn it around."  --  Love, on the young Timberwolves. GOOD MOVE:  Sixers coach Doug Collins kept his starters fresh and did a great job of spreading minutes around to his bench. This bench leads the league in scoring and it had 45 points against Minnesota. BAD MOVE:   Jonny Flynn  probably should have played more minutes. After all, he was coming off a career-high 14-assist performance at Detroit. But Flynn only played 16 minutes and had six points and four assists. ROOKIE WATCH: Evan Turner , the Sixers' No. 2 overall pick from Ohio State, was steady with 10 points. Minnesota rookie guard  Wesley Johnson  didn't play due to gastroenteritis. Pekovic had 16 points while  Lazar Hayward  added 11 points and six rebounds. NOTABLE:  The Sixers had six players score in double figures, including three off the bench. It's the 17th time the Sixers have had at least six players scored 10 or more points and the 14th time at least three reserves have scored in double figures. UP NEXT:  For the Timberwolves, Saturday @ Washington, Monday vs. Dallas, Wednesday vs. Indiana. For the Sixers, Sunday vs. Golden State, Tuesday @ Indiana, Wednesday vs. Oklahoma City. 
