Notebook: Lakers 88, Bobcats 85 
 
 
 Derek S. Smith, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Dec 14, 2013 11:18 PM - Updated Sat Dec 14, 2013 11:18 PM 
 
 THE FACT:   Kobe Bryant  had a season-high 21 points in picking up his first win since returning from his torn Achilles.  
 
 THE LEAD:  The Los Angeles Lakers scored the final nine points of the game and rallied from a nine-point second-half deficit Saturday night to down the Charlotte Bobcats 88-85 at Time Warner Cable Arena. The win snapped a three-game losing streak for Los Angeles and gave Charlotte its longest losing streak of the season at three games. Bryant led the Lakers with 21 points while  Kemba Walker  led all scorers with 24 points. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "You always miss those moments, particularly on the road. It's always fun to close a team out down the stretch." 
 -- Kobe   Bryant 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Lakers won this game at the free throw line. Los Angeles was 21-for-23 from the charity stripe with their only two misses coming in the first half. The Bobcats, on the other hand, only attempted eight free throws for the game after averaging almost 27 on the season. In the fourth quarter when the Lakers rallied, they were a perfect 10-for-10 from the line, including a clutch pair from Bryant to take the lead in the final minute.  
 
 TURNING POINT: Pau Gasol  on defense. The Lakers center blocked a shot by  Al Jefferson  three feet from the rim and kept the momentum going in their way. The Bobcats missed their final eight shots from the floor including three from Jefferson down low, which were blocked by Gasol.  
 
 HOT: Jordan Hill  played a solid game for the Lakers on both ends of the court. Hill had 15 points on 5-for-7 shooting and grabbed nine rebounds, including four on the offensive end, in the win. He also helped limit Jefferson on the low block defensively.  
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Jefferson has scored in double figures in 11 straight games and has recorded double-doubles in five of his last eight contests. During the eight-game stretch, he is averaging 16.0 points, 10.9 rebounds and 1.9 assists, while shooting 44.0 percent from the field (55-for-125). Jefferson finished with 14 points and nine rebounds Saturday. 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  The Bobcats had the Olate dogs from America's Got Talent as its halftime show. Team owner, Michael Jordan, was seated courtside next to the Bobcats bench. Also in attendance was boxing champion Floyd Mayweather.  
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Coach  Mike D'Antoni  made a defensive switch late in the game which helped the Lakers to victory. Walker had been 10-for-11 from the floor and D'Antoni switched  Wesley Johnson  to defend him. Walker finished the night without any additional field goals as the Lakers rallied from nine down for the win.  
 
 ROOKIE WATCH: Cody Zeller  finished the night with two points and three rebounds in 18 minutes of action.  Ryan Kelly , the lone rookie for the Lakers, did not see any action.  
 
 NOTABLE:  Walker reached double figures for the 13th consecutive game and 21st time this season. ... Charlotte held the Lakers to 88 points. It was the 20th time it's held its opponent under 100 points this year, which is tops in the league. ... The Bobcats have yet to win a game when attempting fewer free throws than their opponent. ... Charlotte is 7-4 in games decided by six points or less this season. ... The Lakers won their fifth straight against the Bobcats. ... Gasol scored 15 points, recording double figures for the third straight game and 19th time this season. ...The Lakers bench has outscored its opponent in 20 of 23 games this season and leads the league in bench production. ...  Nick Young  had 13 points off the bench and ranks third in the NBA in points of the bench. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Monday @ Atlanta, Tuesday @ Memphis, Friday vs. Minnesota. For the Bobcats, Tuesday vs. Sacramento, Wednesday @ Toronto, Friday @ Detroit. 
