Notebook: Cavs 120, Lakers 118 
 
 
 Dan Arritt, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Jan 15, 2014 2:14 AM - Updated Wed Jan 15, 2014 2:14 AM 
 
 THE FACT:   The Cavaliers improved to 10-5 against the Lakers since the 2005-06 All-Star break, the best record of any NBA team against L.A. in that span. 
 
 THE LEAD:  Luol Deng 's 3-point shooting wasn't just impressive, it was inspiring. Deng, in his third game with the Cleveland Cavaliers since he was traded from the Bulls last week, made all five of his 3-point attempts as the Cavs beat the Lakers 120-188 at Staples Center Tuesday night. Cleveland (14-24) shot 13-for-17 from beyond the arc as a team, handing the Lakers (14-24) their 11th loss in the last 12 games. 
 
  QUOTABLE:   "We have the ability to score points. We just have to understand that we need to defend first, we need to defend second and we need to defend third."  
 --Cleveland coach  Mike Brown 
 
 
 THE STAT:   The Lakers had 15 fast-break points in the first half, but just two in the second. 
 
 TURNING POINT:   The Cavaliers moved ahead for good thanks to a 12-0 run that gave them a 108-100 lead with just over six minutes remaining. The Lakers looked like they were finished when Cleveland stretched the advantage to 10 with 3:15 left, but  Jodie Meeks  and  Nick Young  made 3s and Young was fouled on another 3-point attempt, sinking the free throws to cut the deficit to 118-116 with 25 seconds left.  Tristan Thompson  then shot 1-for-2 at the free-throw line, leaving the door open for the Lakers, but Young rushed a 3-pointer with nine seconds left and it rattled out. The Cavaliers then shot 1-for-2 from the line for the third time in the final 34 seconds, giving them a four-point lead with nine seconds left. The best the Lakers could do at that point was score on a putback at the buzzer to cut the final deficit to two points.  
 
 HOT:   Deng wasn't the only Cleveland player who was perfect from long distance.  Kyrie Irving  and  Dion Waiters  made both their 3-point tries and rookie  Matthew Dellavedova  shot 3-for-5 from beyond the arc. Cleveland's front line of  Anderson Varejao  and Thompson came in combining for 19.5 rebounds, second most in the Eastern Conference, and they did their job against L.A.'s hobbled front line. Varejao finished with 18 points and 18 rebounds and Thompson had 15 points and 13 rebounds. 
 
 NOT:   The Lakers were already down to nine players because of injuries and starting center  Pau Gasol  was a game-time decision with a strained ligament in his left big toe. He gave it a try, even though he couldn't even participate in the jump ball to start the game.  Chris Kaman  and  Ryan Kelly , the backup big men for the Lakers, didn't do much to help Gasol out, combining for nine points and six rebounds. Kelly, who the Lakers are hoping can develop into a stretch power forward, missed all four of his 3-point tries and has clanked 10 straight overall. Gasol hung tough with 20 points and 12 rebounds, but shot 2-for-6 from the free-throw line. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:   "It's sore. But I want to be out there for my guys." 
 --L.A.'s Pau Gasol on his toe 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:   Cleveland coach Mike Brown finally cut Deng loose, allowing him to play 38 minutes, the most since Dec. 16 when he was still with the Bulls. Deng has been battling a sore Achilles that caused him to miss nine games over the past six weeks.  
 
 BAD MOVE:   Gasol seemed helpless to stop Varejao and Thompson to start the third quarter. They combined for six offensive rebounds in the first five minutes, which allowed the Cavaliers to turn a six-point deficit into an eight-point lead. Gasol looked most helpless later in the fourth quarter, when he battled for a defensive rebound only to lose his balance. As he fell on his backside, he tried to pass the ball off to a teammate on the other side of the basket. The ball went straight into the hands of Waiters, who made the easiest layup he'll probably make all season, giving Cleveland a 110-102 lead with 4:33 left in the game. 
 
 NOTABLE:   Cleveland starting guard  C.J. Miles  was held to five points after coming in averaging 19.8 points this month. ... The Cavaliers improved to 4-16 on the road. 
 
 UP NEXT:   For the Lakers, Wednesday @ Phoenix, Friday @ Boston, Sunday @ Toronto. For the Cavaliers, Wednesday @ Portland, Friday @ Denver, Monday vs. Dallas.  
