Notebook: Wizards 100, Bucks 92 (OT) 
 
 
 Rick Braun, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Nov 27, 2013 11:56 PM - Updated Wed Nov 27, 2013 11:56 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Wizards clamped down on defense over the final four minutes of regulation and all of overtime to send the Bucks to their 10th straight loss 
 
 THE LEAD:   Marcin Gortat  scored 25 points, including six in overtime, to lead the Washington Wizards to a 100-92 victory over the Milwaukee Bucks Wednesday night at the BMO Harris Bradley Center. 
 
 O.J. Mayo  led the Bucks with 21 points, including a game-tying 3-pointer with 6.9 seconds left that forced overtime, but Milwaukee (2-12) still lost its 10th straight game. 
 
 John Wall  chipped in 19 points and six assists, and  Martell Webster  added 18 points for Washington (7-8), which has won three straight and five of its last six. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I'm kind of old school. I still believe in this day and age that defense is going to win you more games than offense is, and I think that's been proven over the course of the last world champions of the last 15 years." 
 -- Wizards coach  Randy Wittman 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Washington forced 24 Milwaukee turnovers leading to 29 points. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  After Mayo gave the Bucks an 84-81 lead with 4:11, the Wizards forced the Bucks to miss their next eight shots and commit two turnovers while taking an 87-84 lead. After Mayo's game-tying 3-pointer sent it to overtime, the Wizards kept up the defense, allowing just 2-of-8 shooting for five points in the extra period. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "That's our staple and that's our identity -- playing tough-nosed defense. But tonight we came out slow and sluggish, and that's unacceptable. We can't do that." 
 -- Wizards forward  Martell Webster 
 
 
 HOT:  Gortat made his first eight shots and 11-of-12 for the night and is 24-for-31 over his last three games.  
 
 NOT:   Brandon Knight  made just 2-of-12 shots and committed 5 turnovers. Worse, he sat out overtime because he aggravated his right hamstring injury late in regulation. 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Gortat added eight rebounds, two blocked shots and two assists to his great shooting night.  
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  Attendance was announced as 11,584, but appeared to be significantly lower than that. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Despite it being the second of back-to-backs, Wittman went with his horses, with starters Webster, Gortat and  Trevor Ariza  all topping 40 minutes and playing key roles down the stretch. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  The Wizards had a foul to give and intended to take it but did not do so before Mayo made his game-tying 3-pointer. 
 
 NOTABLE:  The Bucks allowed just three offensive rebounds in the first 52 minutes, then allowed two on a big possession in the last minute of overtime. ... The Bucks have now lost at least 10 straight six times in franchise history. It's their longest skid since losing a franchise-record 15 games in the 1995-'96 season. ... The Bucks are in the middle of a stretch of 10 straight games against sub-.500 opponents. They've lost the first four of that stretch. ... Milwaukee has been outscored by 16 points in two overtime periods over the last six days. ... Neither team led by double-digits. ... Wall had a streak of three straight games of 30 or more points halted. ... The game was the first played on the Bucks' new court, which was supposed to debut on opening night. However, the floor had to be resurfaced after slippery conditions caused an exhibition game to be canceled on Oct. 25 after 6 minutes of play. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Wizards, Friday @ Indiana, Saturday vs. Atlanta, Monday vs. Orlando. For the Bucks, Friday @ Charlotte, Saturday vs. Boston, Tuesday @ Boston. 
