Notebook:  Warriors 92, Hawks 88 
 
 
 Geoff Lepper, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Thu Nov 15, 2012 2:11 AM - Updated Thu Nov 15, 2012 9:23 AM 
 
 THE FACTS:  Rookie  Harrison Barnes  collected his first NBA double-double Wednesday, scoring 19 points and  grabbing 13 rebounds to help the Golden State Warriors beat the Atlanta Hawks 92-88. 
 
 David Lee  had a double-double of his own with 18 points and 10 boards as Golden State, for years one of the league's worst offenders at failing to clean up the defensive glass, outrebounded Atlanta 44-29 despite the absence of injured center  Andrew Bogut . The Hawks, themselves playing without ill center  Al Horford , had just five offensive boards -- less than half what a Warriors opponent usually gets this season -- and four second-chance points. 
 
 Lou Williams  led Atlanta with 18 points and poured home 12 of those in the fourth quarter, but the Hawks ran out of time to complete their comeback. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I thought our guys did a great job of responding to being embarrassed on the boards the other night [being outboarded 65-54 by Denver in double overtime Saturday]. . . . We've got to be committed to it, because we don't have the luxury of having one guy that's going to go get us 20 [rebounds] every night. We've got to do it as a committee." 
 -- Golden State Warriors coach  Mark Jackson  on winning the rebounding battle without Bogut 
 
 THE STAT:  After extinguishing Atlanta's offensive rebounding, the Warriors outscored the Hawks 46-20 in the paint. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Warriors took an 86-77 lead on  Klay Thompson's  driving lefty layup with 1:48 left, but Williams drained back-to-back 3-pointers to cut that advantage to 88-85 at the 46.2-second mark.  Stephen Curry  was stymied on Golden State's next possession, unable to get by burly forward  Ivan Johnson  after a switch and forced to hoist a desperation trey that missed. But the carom flew long, and Barnes cut in from the sideline to get his most important rebound of the night. Barnes was fouled with 21.8 seconds remaining and drained both free throws. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Jackson said he put in a new set to get Barnes some more looks, and also allowed the small forward to initiate the offense more often, with more isolation plays. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I had a conversation with him earlier today, let him know what I was going to need him to do, and told him I was going to play him some more minutes. But he's got to earn them. I'm not going to just hand them to him. I thought he was very aggressive. . . . Most importantly: 13 rebounds. He went and got the basketball."
-- Jackson on forward  Barnes 
 
 HOT:  Golden State reserve swingman  Richard Jefferson  set a season-high with 10 points on 4-for-6 shooting, and backup point guard  Jarrett Jack  went 3-for-3 en route to nine points, helping to make up for the Warriors' starting backcourt ... 
 
 NOT:   ... of Curry and Thompson, who continued to struggle  from the floor. Curry was 4-for-12, missing all five 3-pointers, and Thompson was 2-for-11, 1-for-5 behind the arc. 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Johnson had 19 points on the year coming into Wednesday, and he nearly doubled that mark against the Warriors, delivering 15 points on 7-for-8 shooting. Johnson, who clocked 22 minutes, is likely to get more time Friday in Sacramento if Horford hasn't recovered from the stomach virus that has been making the rounds of Atlanta's roster. 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  Former Warriors coach  Don Nelson , who posted 422 of his NBA-record 1,335 victories with Golden State, was honored at halftime for his recent election to the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Atlanta guard  Devin Harris  was also out with the same stomach ailment as Horford, both felled by the stomach virus that has been running through the Hawks' roster. Coach  Larry Drew  said he hoped both would be available Friday, when Atlanta will finish its four-game road trip. . . .  Zaza Pachulia  started in place of Horford, but left the game after barely more than 5 minutes due to a laceration above his right eye. The cut required five stitches and several minutes to close; Pachulia returned at the 9:22 mark of the second quarter. . . . Warriors rookie forward  Draymond Green  caught an elbow from Johnson in the third quarter. X-rays on the right side of his jaw proved negative, and he returned late in the fourth period. . . . Hawks forward  Mike Scott , a second-round draft pick making just his second NBA appearance, scored his first regular-season NBA points with an 18-foot jumper at the 10:42 mark of the second quarter. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Hawks, Friday @ Sacramento, Monday vs. Orlando, Wednesday vs. Washington. For the Warriors, Friday @ Minnesota, Sunday @ Oklahoma City, Monday @ Dallas. 
