  Kings-Magic notebook   By Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday February 23, 2011 11:24PM THE FACTS:   Jermaine Taylor  scored a career-high 21 points and the Sacramento Kings, missing two of their top four scorers, stunned the Orlando Magic with a big fourth quarter in a 111-106 upset. Playing without injured leading scorer  Tyreke Evans  and having traded  Carl Landry  earlier Wednesday, the Kings erased a seven-point deficit with a 32-point fourth quarter. It was only their second win in 10 games and their first since losing Evans to a foot injury. Dwight Howard  had 31 points and 17 rebounds for the Magic, who shot 5-for-19 in the fourth quarter. QUOTABLE:  "I'm not singling anybody out, I'm not calling anybody out but if we don't play hard as a team, we're going to lose every time out . . . We're one of the most talented teams in the NBA, we're a deep team. We've got guys who can do a lot of different things, but if we don't bring it every night, it's a waste of talent."   -- Dwight Howard. THE STAT:  The Kings, who rank 27th in the NBA in field goal percentage, shot 53 percent for the game and 65 percent in the fourth quarter. TURNING POINT:  The Magic led 90-83 when  Omri Casspi  converted a three-point play with 9:20 left, launching an 8-0 Sacramento run that he finished with a 3-pointer. HOT:  Taylor scored three of the Kings' first four baskets and shot 9-for-12 for the game. NOT:  The Magic made only 8-for-28 3-pointers, marking the sixth time in their last seven games they have failed to shoot better than 33 percent from long range. QUOTABLE II:  "We didn't defend, we didn't play well offensively, we didn't rebound and we didn't take care of the ball. I don't know how much more complete you can be in playing poorly."   -- Magic coach  Stan Van Gundy . GOOD MOVE:  Taylor made his fourth start of the season in the city where he played college basketball at UCF. QUOTABLE III:  "During the whole game, I saw familiar faces from UCF and from back home. It felt really good that they're still here supporting me. I think I represented really well."   -- Jermaine Taylor. BAD MOVE:  With the score tied 96-96, Howard fouled  Samuel Dalembert  on a desperation perimeter jump shot with 5:05 left. ROOKIE WATCH:  In his 38th start for Sacramento,  DeMarcus Cousins  had nine points, seven rebounds, five assists and two steals in 25 minutes. NOTABLE:  Guard  Marcus Thornton , for whom the Kings traded Landry to New Orleans, had not joined his new team in time to play . . . The Kings outrebounded the Magic 42-36 in a battle of two of the NBA's top four rebounding teams . . . The Magic have lost 22 games, one fewer than they lost in 2009-10. UP NEXT:  For the Kings, Friday @ Charlotte, Saturday @ Memphis, Monday vs. L.A. Clippers. For the Magic, Friday vs. Oklahoma City, Sunday vs. Charlotte, Tuesday vs. New York.  