
 Wizards-Bulls notebook   By Kent McDill, for NBA.com Posted Saturday November 13, 2010 11:33PM THE FACTS:  The Bulls won their third straight game, 103-96 over visiting Washington, and take a 5-3 record on to their seven-game road trip west. The Bulls took the lead for good late in the second quarter, led by as many as 18 points in the third quarter, but had to fight through a comeback effort led by Washington's  Gilbert Arenas , who scored a season-high 30 points off the bench. The Wizards are 2-6 overall and 0-4 on the road, one of only two winless road teams in the league. QUOTABLE:  "I'm not really concerned about the road tirp. I'm concerned about practice and then Houston. All the stuff about going on the road and the circus, I'm not concerned about that."   --  Bulls coach  Tom Thibodeau , refusing to play along with media attention to Bulls' annual November road trip west while the circus inhabits the United Center THE STAT:  Arenas was seven for 10 from 3-point range. THE STAT II:  Washington went 11 minutes without a free throw between the second and third quarters, then went another 14 minutes without a free throw until late in the fourth quarter. They finished four for eight from the line, while the Bulls were 26 for 34. The Bulls were whistled for 14 fouls and the Wizards were called for 26. TURNING POINT:  The Wizards scored the first six points of the fourth quarter, turning a 14-point game into an eight-point game, and shot 68 percent in the quarter but could not make up for the free throw scoring difference in the quarter (13-1). HOT:  Arenas filled up the stat sheet Saturday, going 11 for 22 from the field, seven for 10 from 3-point range, getting six rebounds, four assists and two steals. NOT:  Washington forward  Andray Blatche  was two for 10 from the field and finished with a season-low four points. He had averaged 20 points in his previous five games. GOOD MOVE:   Thibodeau played  Kyle Korver  14 minutes in the first half and  Ronnie Brewer  12, and the first team-second team mix responded with a very successful second quarter, outscoring the Wizards by nine and shooting 53 percent from the field. NOTABLE:  Between the first and second quarters Saturday, the Bulls showed a lengthy video celebrating the return to Chicago of guard  Kirk Hinrich , who was traded from the Bulls to Washington over the summer. Hinrich played seven seasons for the Bulls. NOTABLE II:  Washington's  John Wall  left the game in the second half with a left foot strain but returned. Washington's  Yi Jianlian  left the game with a right knee bone bruise and did not return. QUOTABLE II:  "We are like a MASH crew. John strained his foot, his arch. We thought he could come back to try it. At the end he was able to move. We'll have to see over the next day or two."  --  Washington coach  Flip Saunders , talking about Wall, who got injured in the fourth quarter UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, at Houston Tuesday, at San Antonio Wednesday, at Dallas Friday. For the Wizards, vs. Toronto Tuesday, at Boston Wednesday, vs. Memphis Friday. 
