  Notebook: Hawks 106, Kings 99 Posted Monday March 12, 2012 1:23AM By James Ham, for NBA.com     THE FACTS:  The Sacramento Kings made a late run in front of their home crowd, but came up short against a very talented Atlanta Hawks team, losing 106-99 on Sunday night. Josh Smith  was virtually unstoppable in the second half, finishing with a team-high 28 points on 13-for-23 shooting.  Joe Johnson  scored 21 points and dished out six assists as the Hawks snapped their two game skid. DeMarcus Cousins  dominated from the start, matching his season-high with 28 points before fouling out late.  John Salmons  finished with 14 points off the bench and  Jimmer Fredette  added 12 as the Kings fell to 14-27 on the season. QUOTABLE:  "I'm here. I have one more year left on my deal and we have to see what happens. I just have to keep playing the way I'm capable of playing and keep doing what I'm doing and not worry about any outside distractions."    -- Josh Smith on the looming trade deadline THE STAT:  Smith and Johnson combined for 35 of the Hawks' 55 second-half points. The duo went 13-for-21 from the field, grabbed seven rebounds and added four steals after the intermission. TURNING POINT:  Midway through the third quarter Smith caught fire and all the Kings could do was watch. Once the match was lit, the Hawks pulled away and then fended off a late charge to beat the Kings on their home floor. QUOTABLE II:  "I definitely wasn't angry. It takes a lot to anger me. I'm not really an angry person. I was just trying to be aggressive. I usually start and I didn't start today, so coming off the bench, I just really wanted to make a point to be aggressive."    --  Marvin Williams  on his aggressive string of highlight-reel dunks HOT:  Cousins was red hot in the first half, scoring 18 points on 6-for-10 shooting from the field and 6-for-7 from the line. He added six rebounds as well, but picked up three early fouls. He finished with a team-high 28-point, 12-rebound performance, but fouled out in the waning moments. HOT II:  Smith could do no wrong in the third quarter. The athletic forward scored 12 points on 6-for-7 shooting, leading the Hawks to the 80-74 lead going into the final frame. GOOD MOVE:  The Hawks went small in the third and it turned the tide. Smith got free playing against bigger defenders and once he got going, he was unstoppable. BAD MOVE:  The Kings repeatedly left Smith open on the perimeter and he made them pay. He was the difference in an otherwise equal game. NOTABLE:  Williams came off the bench and posterized the Sacramento Kings with one highlight dunk after another. He finished with 12 points and five rebounds, but it was his late steal and dunk over Cousins that finished this game off. UP NEXT:  For the Hawks, Tuesday @ Denver, Wednesday @ L.A. Clippers, Friday vs. Washington. For the Kings, Tuesday vs. Golden State, Wednesday vs. Detroit, Friday vs. Boston.  