Notebook: Bulls 96, Cavaliers 81 
 
 
 Kent McDill, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Nov 12, 2013 12:20 AM - Updated Tue Nov 12, 2013 12:20 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Bulls have beaten the Cavaliers in 12 of their last 13 meetings. 
 
 THE LEAD:  The Chicago Bulls got back to .500 with a 96-81 victory over the visiting Cleveland Cavaliers Monday.  Carlos Boozer  led six Bulls in double figures with 17 points.  Kyrie Irving  led the Cavaliers with 16 points. The Cavaliers were down by just three points with 4:55 to go but made only one basket the rest of the game. 
 
 THE FACTS II : In the first-ever meeting between star point guards  Derrick Rose  of Chicago and Irving of Cleveland, they each ended the game with 16 points but neither showed much of a shooting touch. Rose was 8-for-21 and Irving was 5-for-19, and did not make a basket until the final minute of the third quarter.     
 
 INJURY UPDATE:  Rose injured his right hamstring on a drive to the basket in the fourth quarter Monday.   
 
 QUOTABLE I:  "We are still working on 48 minutes. We are good enough to win a game like tonight, but we still need to get together."  --  Bulls forward  Luol Deng.  
 
 
 THE STAT:  Bulls forward  Mike Dunleavy , brought in to be this year's 3-point threat off the bench, finally had a breakout game making three of five 3-pointers for 15 points. 
 
 THE STAT II:  The Cavaliers gave up 16 points on second-chance points (14 offensive rebounds for the Bulls) and 29 points on 20 total turnovers.  
 
 THE STAT III:  The Bulls had only 11 turnovers and Rose had zero turnovers to go with seven assists. Rose was averaging five turnovers a game. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  After letting a 13-point third quarter lead slip to one point, the Bulls went on a 13-2 run late in the fourth quarter to create the appearance of a blowout win. 
 
 LINEUP CHANGE:  The pregame starting lineup for Cleveland was the same as it was Saturday against Philadelphia, with  Anderson Varejao  in at center. But when the Cavaliers were announced pre-game,  Andrew Bynum  was getting his first start of the season. Bynum played a season high 21 minutes and scored 11 points with six rebounds, while Varejao played 29 minutes with five points and six rebounds.     
 
 HOT:  Boozer is still one of the hottest shooters in the league. He made 7 of 11 field goal attempts Monday and is shooting 60.3 percent from the field this season.   
 
 NOT:  Rose actually saw his shooting percentage go up with an 8-for-21 night. He is shooting 33 percent from the field for the season. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "The guys don't know how to play off of me yet. There are a lot of changes for players around me when I start.''  --  Cleveland center Bynum.    
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  The Bulls called a timeout as soon as Rose came out from under the basket limping. Bulls coach  Tom Thibodeau  said it was a minor tweak of the right hamstring.   
 
 BAD MOVE:  It will have to be decided if Brown's lineup change was a bad move or whether it had any real effect on the game.  
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "It's not an easy thing to do, probably the toughest thing to do in the league."  --  Bulls forward  Mike Dunleavy  when asked when the Bulls will play well for 48 minutes. 
 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  The State Farm Champions Classic basketball event gets underway at the United Center Tuesday, with Duke playing Kansas and Michigan State playing Kentucky. The Duke Blue Devils attended Monday's NBA game. 
 
 NOTABLE:  The Bulls, who have had one of the best home records in the league since Thibodeau became coach, is 3-0 at the United Center this season... Cleveland forward  Tristan Thompson  had his fifth double-double of the season with 14 points and 13 rebounds... the Bulls made 24 of 26 free throws (92.3 percent)... Bulls forward  Taj Gibson  and Cleveland guard  C.J. Miles  each had three blocks off the bench.      
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, @ Toronto Friday, vs. Indiana Saturday, vs. Charlotte Monday. For the Cavaliers, @ Minnesota Wednesday, vs. Charlotte Friday, @ Washington Saturday.  
