
 Cavaliers-Warriors notebook   By Eric Gilmore, for NBA.com Posted Saturday January 8, 2011 2:04AM THE FACTS:   Monta Ellis  scored 32 points and had 10 assists, and  David Lee  added 22 points and 14 rebounds, leading the Golden State Warriors to a 116-98 victory over the short-handed Cleveland Cavaliers on Friday night at Oracle Arena. The Cavs, who lost their ninth straight game and 19th in their past 20, played without five injured players: guards  Daniel Gibson  (left ankle sprain), guard  Anthony Parker  (low back strain), center  Anderson Varejao  (right ankle sprain), forward  Joey Graham  (right quad strain) and forward  Leon Powe , who underwent surgery Friday to repair a torn meniscus in his right knee and will miss approximately six weeks. Golden State built a 65-49 halftime lead then survived a late Cavs push when they cut the lead to nine early in the fourth. Former Warrior  Antawn Jamison  led Cleveland with 21 points. QUOTABLE:  "It was very important. Tonight we were playing a team that was down a couple guys. Those are sometimes tough games, especially the first game back home. It was good that we got off to a solid start but we took it from there. We didn't have our best third quarter, but it's sometimes tough to play with a big lead like that. We came back with a solid fourth quarter."   -- David Lee on winning a second straight team and avoiding a letdown against the struggling Cavs. THE STAT:  The Warriors shot 62.5 percent from 3-point range in the first half, going 10-for-16, and 50 percent for the game, hitting 14-for-28. Golden State entered the game ranked No. 1 in 3-point shooting at 40.1 percent. TURNING POINT:  Golden State took control early, hitting a barrage of 3-point shots and building a 33-24 first-quarter lead that grew to 16 points by the half. That fast start was huge for a team coming off a five-game road trip and fearing a letdown against the downtrodden Cavs. HOT:  Warriors forward  Vladimir Radmanovic  came off the bench in the second quarter and scored 11 points, helping Golden State build a big halftime lead. Radmonovic made all three of his 3-point shots in the quarter. He entered the game shooting .405 from long range. NOT:  Cleveland rookie forward  Alonzo Gee  got his second start since signing with the Cavs, his third NBA team, on Dec. 28. He entered the game averaging 2.9 points overall and 5.8 with Cleveland but went scoreless in 24:49 of playing time. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  The Warriors' Ellis, who entered the game ranked third in the NBA in scoring at 25.4 points per game, had his ninth game of at least 30 points this season and his fourth double-double. He had 12 points in the first quarter. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Oakland Raiders offensive coordinator  Hue Jackson , the apparent front-runner to land the team's head coaching job, was at Oracle, watching the game from the front row. ROOKIE WATCH:  Cleveland rookie guard  Manny Harris  got his fourth start of the season, filling in because of injuries to Parker and Gibson. Harris scored a career-high 16 points, surpassing the 11 he scored on Jan. 1 against Chicago, and had 10 rebounds, notching the first double-double of his career. NOTABLE:  Warriors guard  Stephen Curry  took a hard fall on a flagrant foul by Cavs guard Mo Williams at the rim with 4:30 left in the third and suffered a bruised left hip. He stayed in the game long enough to make both free throws then came out but returned midway through the fourth quarter. Curry said his hip tightened up on him, and he would have to see how it responds Saturday. Late in the fourth quarter, Lee fouled Williams hard at the rim, drawing a flagrant foul. ... Curry extended his streak of made free throws to 35, 25 shy of Rick Barry's record of 60 set in the 1976-77 season. ... Varejao sprained his right ankle in practice on Thursday. Cavs coach  Byron Scott  there is no timetable for his return yet. Parker, according to Scott, might miss a week. ... Cavs long-time radio announcer Joe Tait underwent double by-pass heart surgery and an aortic valve replacement Friday. ... Warriors coach  Keith Smart  was Cleveland's interim coach for 40 games in the 2002-2003 season, going 9-31. ... Cavs reserve forward  J.J. Hickson , who was benched for Wednesday's game against Toronto after missing a mandatory practice on Monday, returned to action and scored 17 points. UP NEXT:  For the Cavaliers, Sunday @ Phoenix, Tuesday @ Los Angeles Lakers, Friday @ Utah. For the Warriors, Sunday @ Los Angeles Clippers, Wednesday vs. Los Angeles Lakers, Friday vs. Los Angeles Clippers. 
