  Thunder-Wolves notebook   By Jim Beilby, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday December 27, 2011 12:11AM THE FACTS:  The Oklahoma City Thunder defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves for the tenth straight time on Monday, 104-100. But the young and surprisingly aggressive Timberwolves made the Thunder work. It took stellar performances from  Kevin Durant  (33 points) and  Russell Westbrook  (28 points) and some last minute free throws by  Kendrick Perkins  for the Thunder to seal the victory over Minnesota.  Michael Beasley  scored 24 points and  Kevin Love  scored 22 and grabbed 12 rebounds in the losing effort. QUOTABLE:  "I thought we did a good job, I really loved the play, we can talk about Russell, James and Kevin, but I thought our bigs did a really good job. Their stats probably won't show it much but they won the game for us and their effort over 48 minutes. This is a great offensive rebounding team and we kept them to 10."  --  Thunder head coach  Scott Brooks . THE STAT:  Despite having more points in the paint (60-36), more rebounds (53-47), more second chance points (13-8) and fewer turnovers (12-19), Minnesota repeatedly shot themselves in the foot by taking ill-advised 3-point shots. They finished the game 3-for-22 from beyond the arc (13.6 percent). TURNING POINT:  After trailing early by as many as nine, Oklahoma City went on a 16-3 run just before half and led by six at half. But Minnesota stayed in the game and took the lead early in the fourth quarter on a stunning fast break connection between Minnesota's rookies,  Ricky Rubio  to  Derrick Williams . But for every Minnesota punch, Oklahoma city had a counter-punch. And a three point play by Westbrook (followed by a stare down aimed at Rubio) with 2:25 to play took the lead away from Minnesota for good. QUOTABLE II:  "It was fun. Obviously we enjoy winning a lot more, but at the same time that's a team (Oklahoma City) that's a contender and we took them down to the last minute... the best thing is we gave ourselves a chance and if we play like that the rest of the season and continue to get better we're gonna win a lot of games."  --  Minnesota forward Kevin Love NOTABLE:  In their opening night game against Orlando, the Thunder trio of Durant, Westbrook, and  James Harden  scored 64 of Oklahoma City's 97 points. Tonight they scored 77 of their 104 points. Minnesota played their much heralded rookies a fair amount. Rubio had six points, six assists, and five rebounds in 26 minutes and Williams had 13 points and six rebounds in 23 minutes. UP NEXT:  For the Wolves, Tuesday @ Milwaukee, Friday vs. Miami, Sunday vs. Dallas. For the Thunder, Wednesday @ Memphis, Thursday vs.Dallas, Saturday vs. Phoenix.  