  Pistons-Kings notebook   By Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com Posted Saturday January 15, 2011 11:15PM THE FACTS:  The Detroit Pistons outscored the Sacramento Kings 51-36 in the second half to squeak out a 110-106 victory at The Palace of Auburn Hills Saturday night. Forward  Tayshaun Prince  led six Pistons in double figures with 21 points. Reserve guard  Will Bynum  added 18 points and seven assists and also blocked a  Tyreke Evans  layup attempt with 8.9 seconds remaining to clinch the win. QUOTABLE:  "If you're on eggshells on the basketball court, it's going to be tough to play. But I've been in this position before. I've learned from my past experiences. Being ready is the key."   --  Bynum on his inconsistent playing time. He has played the last two games after being benched the previous three. THE STAT:  1-9. The Pistons won the second game of a back-to-back for the first time in 10 tries this season. They were 1-17 in both games of back-to-backs before winning at Toronto Friday and rallying against the Kings. It helped their cause that Sacramento played in New York Friday. TURNING POINT:  After giving up 70 points on 70 percent shooting in the first half, the Pistons defense locked down in the third quarter. The Kings shot 5-for-19 from the field and 0-for-4 from the foul line while committing six turnovers as the Pistons outscored them 23-10. QUOTABLE II:  "I had to ask somebody, 'Was that Will?'    -- Pistons coach  John Kuester  after the 6-foot Bynum blocked 6-6 Evans at the rim in the closing seconds . HOT:  Detroit guard  Rodney Stuckey  had 19 points, including two explosive baseline drives during the fourth quarter, but his defense was even more impressive. He was primarily responsible for Evans' 3-for-12 shooting in the second half. Evans scored 18 of his game-high 25 points before halftime. NOT:  Kings forward  Jason Thompson  was on his way to a career game, scoring 20 first-half points with eight of his nine baskets coming within five feet of the rim. Thompson disappeared in the second half, taking just three shots and committing two turnovers while scoring two points. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Pistons guard  Ben Gordon  has been much more effective since returning to a reserve role three games ago. He's averaging 17.3 points during that span, including 16 Saturday on 7-for-14 shooting. GOOD MOVE:  One of the halftime adjustments the Pistons made was to blitz pick-and-rolls and try to get the ball out of the hands of point guard  Beno Udrih  and Evans. That completely disrupted the Kings' offensive flow, as they shot 31.7 percent and made 10 turnovers in the second half. Their assist total dropped from 21 to six. BAD MOVE:  Sacramento coach  Paul Westphal  stuck with small forward  Francisco Garcia  throughout the fourth quarter even though Garcia had a poor offensive game. Garcia shot 1-for-4 during the quarter and 2-for-10 for the game while committing three fourth-quarter fouls. ROOKIE WATCH:  The head-to-head battle between Sacramento center  DeMarcus Cousins , the No. 5 pick in the draft last June, and Pistons' big man  Greg Monroe , the No. 7 pick, was essentially a draw. Cousins had 14 points, eight rebounds and three assists while Monroe had 11 points, seven rebounds, two assists and two steals. Cousins also picked up a technical early in the fourth. NOTABLE:  Pistons guard  Tracy McGrady  injured his right shin during the first quarter and did not return. The injury doesn't appear to be serious. ... Sacramento's 70 first-half points was the most allowed by the Pistons this season. They gave up 65 to Golden State Nov. 15. It was the Kings' highest halftime total and equaled their second-half output against Washington Jan. 11. ... Gordon played in his 500th career game. ... The Pistons had a 58-52 edge in points in the paint. UP NEXT:  For the Kings, Monday @ Atlanta, Wednesday vs. Portland, Friday @ Golden State. For the Pistons, Monday vs. Dallas, Wednesday @ Boston, Friday @ New Jersey.  