  Heat-Wizards notebook   By Rich Dubroff, for NBA.com Posted Thursday March 31, 2011 12:07AM THE FACTS:   LeBron James ,  Dwyane Wade  and  Chris Bosh  combined for 94 points to lead the Miami Heat to a 123-107 win over the Washington Wizards on Wednesday night. The game was marred by a second-quarter fight between Washington's  John Wall  and Miami's  Zydrunas Ilgauskas . After Ilgauskas elbowed Wall, the rookie guard threw a punch, and Ilgauskas' teammate  Juwan Howard  and the Wizards'  JaVale McGee  squared off. Wall, Ilgauskas and Howard were ejected. Washington trailed 94-92 with 7:30 left, but the Heat outscored the Wizards 29-15 to pull away. Jordan Crawford , who replaced Wall, had a career-high 39 points to lead the Wizards. QUOTABLE:  "It seems like every time I get hit hard, I get a hard foul, all I get is two shots, and they take the ball out. It seems like everybody else, when it's a hard foul, it's two shots and the ball. Sometimes, it's unfair because of how strong I am."    -- LeBron James on what he sees as being the victim of overly rough play. THE STAT:  The "Big Three" scored the first 18 points of the third quarter and the first 22 of the fourth. TURNING POINT:  The Wizards led 37-36 when the fight erupted, and Miami took the lead for good with 3:15 to play in the second quarter. QUOTABLE II:  "I didn't see anything. I was sitting down. I was biting my nails or something on the bench."   -- Chris Bosh on his view of the skirmish HOT:  James was 12-for-16 from the field and 10 of 13 from the line. He added eight rebounds, eight assists and five steals.. NOT:  Washington's  Yi Jianlian  was scoreless in just under 20 minutes. He missed his three shots and was in foul trouble throughout the game. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  How can you miss with James, Wade and Bosh? Their 94 points tied a season high. One day, perhaps they'll combine for 100. GOOD MOVE:  James, Wade and Bosh avoiding the fight and letting the two subs -- Ilgauskas and Howard -- get tossed. BAD MOVE:  Wall likely earning a one-game suspension for his part in the fight. "Disappointed in the way I reacted," Wall said. "I let my teammates down. I let the organization down." ROOKIE WATCH:  Wall had two points and five assists in 15 minutes. Crawford was spectacular with 26 of his 39 in the second half. The other Wizards' rookies,  Kevin Seraphin ,  Mustafa Shakur  and  Hamady N'Diaye  played briefly and didn't score.  Trevor Booker  was declared out for the season with a broken bone in his right foot. INSIDE THE ARENA:  The Heat played to a less-than-capacity crowd: 18,916 -- about 1,400 short of a sellout. Washington Capitals'  Alex Ovechkin  and  Nicklas Backstrom  were in the crowd. NOTABLE:  Crawford was the first Washington rookie to hit 39 points since  Tom Gugliotta  on Nov. 21, 1992 against Utah. UP NEXT:  For the Heat: Friday @Timberwolves, Sunday @ Nets, Wednesday vs. Bucks. For the Wizards: Friday vs. Cavaliers, Sunday @ Bobcats, Tuesday vs. Pistons.  