Notebook: Pelicans 110, Trail Blazers 108 
 
 
 Scott Kushner, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Dec 31, 2013 12:47 AM - Updated Tue Dec 31, 2013 12:47 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  In surrendering 110 points to Pelicans, the Trail Blazers allowed at least 100 points for the 13th time in December and have surrendered an average of 111.7 points in their past four games. The only two games this month in which the Blazers held their opponents under 100 were their victories over the last-place Utah Jazz. 
 
 THE LEAD: Tyreke Evans ' fade away jump shot from the wing with 1.2 seconds left propelled the New Orleans Pelicans (14-15) to a 110-108 victory over the Portland Trail Blazers (24-7) and jolted the sellout crowd of 17,035 inside the New Orleans Arena on Monday night. 
 When  LaMarcus Aldridge 's shot from the baseline rimmed out with the clock expiring, the Pelicans official had their first signature victory under their rebranded monicker. 
 The Pelicans' only other win against a team over .500 was their 105-89 win over the Nuggets (then 14-13) on Friday. 
 More significant for Pelicans coach  Monty Williams  was the standout performance of his guards,  Jrue Holiday  and Evans. Holiday scored a game-high 31 points, including 15 in the fourth quarter. Evans chipped in 20 off of the bench, including the game winner. 
 That overshadowed explosive performances from the Blazers' Aldridge (28 points) and point guard  Damian Lillard  (29). 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We were looking for  Wes [Matthews]  over the top, or we had [Aldridge] or we had another time out. They put  [Alexis] Ajinca  on [inbounder]  Nic [Batum]  and kind of covered his view. But L.A. got open. Still, that's a tough shot over  [Anthony] Davis ." 
 -- Blazers coach  Terry Stotts  on the strategy behind Aldridge's missed shot at the buzzer 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Pelicans destroyed the Blazers inside, piling up a 68-32 advantage in the paint. New Orleans did most of its damage early, outscoring Portland 36-14 in the paint during the first 18 minutes. Drives by Evans and putbacks by Davis put the Blazers on their heels defensively, and Stotts was angered by his team's effort in stemming the Pelicans' early attack. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  With the Pelicans leading 106-105 in the final minute, Holiday scooped up a loose ball off Evans' drive and drained a 22-foot jump shot from the corner as the shot clock expired. Initially ruled a 3-pointer, the shot was later reviewed and ruled a two. While Lillard tied the score 45 seconds later on a 27-foot 3-pointer from the top of the key, it was Holiday's buzzer-beater that lifted the Pelicans, helping set up Evans' game-winner. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I told the ref, when he said he had seen him elbow me, I said, 'Don't call it. Let us fight. We are going to fight tonight.' So, there weren't many calls on me and LaMarcus unless it was blatant. Other than that, we were fighting. I said it was going to make both of us better and he said I was right. So we just battled all night."  
 --  Anthony Davis , on his physical matchup with Aldridge 
 
 
 HOT:  The scoreboard operator in the New Orleans Arena hardly had time to blink in the third quarter, as the Blazers and Pelicans each scored 33 points in the period, combining to make 25-of-41 field goal attempts. While Portland knocked down a trio of 3-pointers, New Orleans continued to make its mark inside the paint, scoring 22 points there. Davis led all scorers in the period, racking up 10 points on just six shots, without a free-throw attempt. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  After staking themselves to a seven-point lead entering the fourth quarter, the Pelicans quickly surrendered the advantage due to a quick series of turnovers, despite employing a pair of point guards,  Brian Roberts  and  Austin Rivers.  The Blazers took full advantage with a pair of steals that led to a 7-0 run, tying the game at 89-89 as the Pelicans went scoreless for more than the three minutes.  
 
 NOTABLE:  The Pelicans'  Davis jumped out to a hot start, shaking off a  Robin Lopez  rejection on the opening possession and scoring eight points with five rebounds in the first eight minutes. ... At the game's conclusion, Pelicans owner  Tom Benson  congratulated Davis on the court, then walked him over to speak with New Orleans Saints' head coach  Sean Payton , who joined Benson courtside.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Pelicans, Wednesday @ Minnesota, Friday @ Boston, Saturday @ Indiana. For the Blazers, Tuesday @ Oklahoma City, Thursday vs Charlotte, Saturday vs. Philadelphia. 
