Notebook: Celtics 96, Bobcats 86 
 
 
 Derek S. Smith for NBA.com 
 
Posted Mon Nov 25, 2013 11:11 PM - Updated Mon Nov 25, 2013 11:11 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Boston Celtics' bench, led by  Gerald Wallace 's 17 points, outscored the Charlotte Bobcats' bench 39-15. Boston ranks fourth in the league in points scored by their bench on the season.  
 
 THE LEAD: Jordan Crawford  scored 21 points to lead the Boston Celtics to a 96-86 win over the Charlotte Bobcats Monday night at Time Warner Cable Arena.  Kemba Walker  scored 28 points for Charlotte to lead all scorers. The Celtics (6-10) picked up back-to-back wins for the second time this season, while the Bobcats (7-8) have lost five of six at home.  
 
 QUOTABLE : "I thought [Wallace] might play well tonight. We talked a little bit yesterday and he was frustrated coming all these last couple of games. You could sense he was going to be focused and ready. He's such a competitive guy. He's contagious in the way he plays." 
 -- Boston coach  Brad Stevens 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Bobcats have struggled defending the 3-point line in their losses this year. Charlotte has allowed the opposition to shoot 42.8 percent (69-for-161) from behind the arc in their losses and have given up an average of 8.6 treys in those contests. In their victories, the team is holding the opponents to 33.3 percent (44-for-132) and an average of 6.3 made 3-pointers. Tonight the Celtics were 9-for-20 from behind the arc. They entered tonight's contest shooting 31.9 percent and averaging 5.3 triples per game. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Boston opened the fourth quarter with its bench players on the floor and erupted for a 9-0 run which was capped by back-to-back  Kris Humphries  baskets. The spurt took the lead for Boston from 68-66 to a very comfortable 77-66 advantage.  
 
 HOT:  Walker scored a game-high 28 points on 11-for-17 shooting, tallying double figures for the fourth straight game and 12th time this season. Walker scored 20 or more points for the sixth time this season. He added a team-high five assists and collected six rebounds as well.  
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Stevens elected to go with the hot hands Monday. Stevens started the fourth quarter with his reserves and rode them to victory.  Avery Bradle y didn't play the final 22 minutes of the game after encountering early foul trouble and the strong play of the Celtics reserves.  
 
 ROOKIE WATCH: Cody Zeller  continues to struggle for the Bobcats. He played 14 minutes with two points and three rebounds.  Vitor Faverani  scored five points and grabbed two rebounds and a block in 13 minutes of play.  Phil Pressey  shined for Boston. He had a career-high eight assists and three steals to go along with two points in 20 minutes of action.  Kelly Olynyk  missed the game with a sprained right ankle.  
 
 NOTABLE:  Bobcats guard  Gerald Henderson  scored 20 points, recording double figures for the sixth consecutive game ... With Walker's 28 points and Henderson's 20 points, it marks the first time this season the Bobcats have had multiple 20 point scorers in a game ...  Al Jefferson  scored double figures for the second straight game and fifth time in six games this season ... Crawford reached double figures for the fourth straight game and 12th time this season for Boston ...  Brandon Bass  scored 16 points, reaching double figures for the second straight game and eighth time this season. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Celtics, Wednesday vs. Memphis, Friday vs. Cleveland, Saturday @ Milwaukee. For the Bobcats, Wednesday vs. Indiana, Friday vs. Milwaukee, Sunday @ Miami. 
