Notebook: Kings 108, Heat 103 OT 
 
 
 James Ham, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Dec 28, 2013 2:05 AM - Updated Sat Dec 28, 2013 2:05 AM 
 
 THE FACT: LeBron James  surpassed  Larry Bird  and  Gary Payton  to move into 29th place on the NBA's all-time scoring list, but it wasn't enough to extend the Heat's six game winning streak tonight in Sacramento. 
 
 THE LEAD:  The Miami Heat rolled into Sacramento short-handed and fell to an energized Kings team by the final of 108-103 in a wild overtime affair Friday night. 
 
 DeMarcus Cousins  led the way for Sacramento (9-19), finishing with 27 points and 17 rebounds.  Isaiah Thomas  scored 22 points, handed out 11 assists and grabbed seven rebounds in the win.   Rudy Gay  chipped in 26 points on 11-for-19 shooting and  Jason Thompson  added 10, in just 21 minutes of play.  
 James scored a game-high 33 points in 44 minutes for the Heat (22-7).  He added eight rebounds and eight assists in the overtime loss.   Chris Bosh  finished with 18 points and seven rebounds, while  Mario Chalmers  kicked in 11 points and 10 assists for the short-handed Heat.   
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I've been hoping for this for a while.  We just played this team a week ago.  I know they didn't have three big players for them, but even with those guys sitting out, I thought our players accepted the challenge."  
 -- Kings coach  Michael Malone  on his team's big win 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Kings trailed by as many as 17 points in the first quarter and trailed 32-19 after the game's first 12 minutes.  They outscored the Heat 89-71 the rest of the way. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Miami looked like they were toying with the Kings for most of the night, but they left the Kings in the game and got bit by the home team.  Sacramento scored the first five points in overtime and led by as many as eight in front of a wild home crowd.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "It's an honor to be out there with him.  You're in the NBA, they are a lot of great players, a lot of historically great players.  And he's definitely one of those historically great players, and it's good to be out there against him."   
 -- Rudy Gay on James passing Bird and Payton for 29th place on the All-Time scoring list 
 
 
 HOT:  The Kings had no answer for James in the first half, as the reigning MVP dropped in 19 points on 7-for-11 shooting. James caught fire in the overtime and made the Kings play it all the way out.  After scoring 22 points in regulation, James went 4-for-5 from the field and 3-for-4 from 3-point land for 11 points in the extra frame.  
 
 NOT:  Where Sacramento failed in the first half, they succeeded after the break, limiting James to just three points on 1-for-7 shooting in the third and fourth quarters.  
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Heat coach  Eric Spoelstra  had his big men front Cousins all night long.  The move limited Cousins' touches and led to Sacramento turnovers. 
 
 NOTABLE:    Dwyane Wade, Ray Allen  and  Chris Andersen  all sat out tonight's contest due to injury.  ...The Kings notched their seventh sellout of the season after recording just three last season.  
 
 UP NEXT : For the Heat, Saturday @ Portland, Monday @ Denver, Thursday vs. Warriors. For the Kings, Sunday @ Spurs, Tuesday @ Houston, Thursday vs. 76ers. 
