  Notebook: Nuggets 104, Trail Blazers 95 Posted Thursday March 1, 2012 1:38AM By Michael Kelly, for NBA.com THE FACTS: Ty Lawson  returned to the lineup with 18 points and nine assists,  Kenneth Faried  had 13 points and 10 rebounds and the Denver Nuggets beat the Portland Trail Blazers 104-95 on Wednesday. Timofey Mozgov  had 14 points and nine rebounds and  Al Harrington  pitched in with 13 points and 10 rebounds off the bench for the Nuggets, who had eight players in double figures. Jamal Crawford  led Portland with 21 points and  LaMarcus Aldridge  had 20 points and nine rebounds. QUOTABLE:  "This win will be very important for us. I think we gained some confidence tonight and hopefully we can build on it by finding a way to win on the road."    -- Nuggets coach  George Karl THE STAT:  The Nuggets outrebounded the Trail Blazers 54-36 overall and dominated the offensive glass. Faried had seven offensive rebounds, just four fewer than the entire Portland team. TURNING POINT:  Lawson's fourth quarter. He was a distributor for most of the game but when his team needed him to be aggressive, he responded. His biggest basket came with 4:09 left. Portland had cut a 19-point deficit to six and Lawson stepped up with a big 3-pointer to make it 101-91. QUOTABLE II:  "I wanted to come out strong and aggressive and show everybody I wasn't hurt. When I attack, other people get open."    -- Lawson HOT:  Crawford didn't score in the first quarter but heated up in the second. He had 13 points in a span of 3:33 that helped Portland cut a 16-point Denver lead in half. NOT: Gerald Wallace  was cold from the field, going 2-for-7 and missing both 3-point attempts. GOOD MOVE:  Karl went to rookie  Jordan Hamilton  early in the game and the move paid off. Hamilton, who struggled against the Spurs last week, hit four of his first six shots and scored nine points to help Denver build a 17-point halftime lead. BAD MOVE:  The Blazers were sloppy with the ball early in the game and the Nuggets took advantage. The turnovers led to easy baskets and quick double-digit lead for Denver. ROOKIE WATCH:  Faried is taking advantage of the playing time due to the Nuggets' injury woes. He set the tone with a steal and dunk 1:17 into the game and his hustle was infectious. He had four offensive rebounds in the first quarter and scrapped for every loose ball. QUOTABLE II:  "Just go out there playing hard. Don't worry about how many minutes I'm playing, just be productive in the minutes I do play."    -- Faried NOTABLE:  Blazers forward  Kurt Thomas  suffered a mild concussion in the first quarter when he Faried inadvertently kicked him in the head while trying to save a ball from going out of bounds. He did not return. .... The Nuggets have beaten the Blazers nine straight times and 16 of their last 17 games played in Denver. UP NEXT:  For the Trail Blazers, Thursday vs. Miami, Saturday vs. Minnesota, Monday vs. New Orleans. For the Nuggets, Friday @ Houston, Sunday @ San Antonio, Monday vs. Sacramento.  