  Notebook: Raptors 111, Jazz 106   By Andrew Aragon, for NBA.com Posted Thursday January 26, 2012 1:06AM THE FACTS:  Down 18, and on the road on the second night of a back-to-back against a team they had lost to 11 straight times. Yes, the odds were stacked against the Toronto Raptors. But the resilient Raptors responded as  Andrea Bargnani  and  Linas Kleiza  each scored 25 points to lead the them to a 111-106 win over the Utah Jazz in double overtime on Wednesday night. It was the second straight victory for Toronto, and the first time it won back-to-back road games since 2009. The Jazz, playing without leading scorer  Al Jefferson , were carried by  Paul Millsap . He had 31 points and 11 rebounds and hit a game-tying 3-pointer to force a second overtime. QUOTABLE:  "Our guys game out and fought and battled after the first quarter. Everybody that walked on the floor tonight contributed, fought to win the game."  --  Raptors coach  Dwane Casey  on his team's resilience after a disastrous first quarter. THE STAT:  The Raptors didn't shoot a great percentage (35.7) on their 3-point attempts -- but they kept bombing away. Their persistence from long range paid off, as they had a 10-4 advantage in made 3-pointers over the Utah Jazz. TURNING POINT:  Two free throws by  DeMar DeRozan  gave the Raptors the lead for good at 104-103 with 2:39 left in the second overtime. Kleiza then hit a jumper and  Jose Calderon  nailed a 3-pointer to make it 109-103 with 1:26 remaining. That sequence put Toronto in command, but perhaps a just as important stretch came late in the first quarter. After trailing by 18 points, the Raptors scored the final nine points of the first to cut Utah's lead to single digits. From there, it was either team's ballgame. HOT: Leandro Barbosa  was solid for the Raptors off the bench, shooting 6-for-9 and scoring 13 points. DeRozan, after scoring four points on Tuesday, bounced back with 17 points and eight rebounds in 43 minutes.  James Johnson  blocked six shots, and Calderon scored 12 for the Raptors. Calderon hit a 3-pointer with 13.3 seconds left in regulation to force overtime.  Devin Harris  played perhaps his best quarter in a Jazz uniform in the first, as he scored 12 points and dished four assists. He finished with 24 points and six assists.  Derrick Favors , making his fourth start of the season, recorded his first double-double of the year with 16 points and 12 rebounds. NOT:  Poor shooting prevented both teams from wrapping it up in regulation. The Raptors made seven baskets and shot 38.9 percent in the fourth quarter, while the Jazz hit six shots and had a shooting percentage of 37.5 in the fourth.  Gordon Hayward  continues to struggle with his shooting touch. He was 1-for-9 and is 2-for-14 in Utah's last two games.  Josh Howard , in his first game back after missing four contests with a strained quad, shot 0-for-5.  Jerryd Bayless  was 1-for-6 for Toronto. QUOTABLE II:  "He's been playing unbelievable for us. I'm so happy for him after everything he went through over the last year. He's going to be a great help for us."  --  Raptors guard Calderon on the performance of Kleiza, whose 25 points were a season-high. GOOD MOVE:  The Raptors were putting together an impressive highlight reel -- for the Jazz -- allowing alley-oops and a total of 14 fast-break points in the first quarter. But they turned the momentum of the game by playing more zone defense. Toronto made excellent reads, talked, pointed and kept the Jazz from running their offense efficiently. ROOKIE WATCH:  Jazz first-year player  Enes Kanter , who is third among rookies in rebounds at 5.1 per game, made some important plays for Utah late in the third quarter. He played aggressively, recording two dunks and a blocked shot in the final 1:18 of the period. He finished with five points and three rebounds. NOTABLE:  Jefferson was a late scratch after aggravating an ankle injury at Utah's shootaround Wednesday morning. Bargnani sat out the final minute of the first overtime and all of the second overtime after aggravating a calf injury that forced him to miss six games. After the game, he said he expects to be out "a while." Toronto hadn't scored more than 100 points in a game since opening night. UP NEXT:  For the Raptors, Friday @ Denver, Sunday @ New Jersey, Tuesday vs. Hawks. For the Jazz, Friday @ Dallas, Saturday vs. Kings, Monday vs. Trail Blazers.  