Notebook: Kings 113, Lakers 97 
 
 
 James Ham, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Thu Nov 22, 2012 1:32 AM - Updated Thu Nov 22, 2012 2:06 AM 
 
 THE FACTS:  After losing their previous five games, the Sacramento Kings shocked the Los Angeles Lakers to a series of "Beat LA! Beat LA! Beat LA!" chants tonight at Sleep Train Arena by the score of 113-97. 
 
 Marcus Thornton  led the Kings with 23 points on 8-for-13 shooting off the bench.   Tyreke Evans  added 16-points and six assists, while big man  Jason Thompson  notched a big 13-point, 10-rebound double-double for the Kings in the win. 
 
 Kobe Bryant  was unstoppable for most of the night, finishing with a game-high 38 points, but his super star post duo of  Dwight Howard  and  Pau Gasol  combined for just 15 points on 5-for-14 shooting in the loss.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "Every guy is for himself and every guy prepares in a different way, but at the end of our preparation we go out there as a team, we have to be one in every game.  That's half of the battle.  Next battle is going out there and playing." -- Thornton on the Kings' struggles  
 
 THE STAT:  This game was really close at the half and that had more to do with the Lakers lack of free throw shooting than anything else.  The visiting team went just 6-for-15 from the stripe and trailed 42-41 at the intermission. 
 
 THE STAT II:  Kings starting power forward Thompson has been plagued by foul trouble for most of his four seasons in the league, but tonight he played an incredible 39 minutes of foul free basketball against two of the best big men in the world, before picking up a single foul in the final moments of the game.   
 
 TURNING POINT:  At the 4:25 mark of the fourth and his team leading by five, Thompson went at  Pau Gasol  and hit a pretty little hook in the lane.  The Kings never trailed the rest of the way. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We've got to just hope they don't have too much turkey now and go up there and go to sleep." --  Keith Smart  on his team's need for consistency on Friday night against the Utah Jazz after the big win against the Lakers 
 
 HOT:  Bryant scored in bunches like he always does against the Kings. The future Hall of Fame guard scored 38 points on 11-for-20 shooting, but it was his ability to draw the Lakers close with the long ball that kept his team in this one.   
 
 HOT II:  After shooting 0-for-3 in the first half, Kings point guard  Aaron Brooks  scorched the Lakers for 11 points in the third quarter on 4-for-5 shooting.  Brooks finished the game with 13 points and three assists in the win. 
 
 NOT: DeMarcus Cousins  looked amped up to start the game and his numbers suffered.  The Kings big man went 0-for-6 from the field in the first half, finishing with zero points, six rebounds and two fouls in 13 minutes of action before the break. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Smart stuck with what was working in tonight's game and it yielded huge dividends.  Instead of going back to Cousins early in the fourth, Smart used  Chuck Hayes  and Thompson and the veterans responded.  Hayes finished with 10 points and five rebounds, but more importantly, he held Howard in check all night long.  Thompson added a double-double and shut down  Pau Gasol. 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  Hayes took some friendly fire from Thompson in the first quarter and needed five stitched to close a gash over his right eye.  Hayes returned to the game and quickly took two charges against the Lakers.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Friday @ Memphis, Saturday @ Dallas, Tuesday vs. Pacers. For the Kings, Friday @ Utah, Saturday vs. Jazz, Tuesday vs. Timber Wolves.  
