
 Rockets-Grizzlies   By Marlon W. Morgan, for NBA.com Posted Saturday December 4, 2010 12:14AM THE FACTS:  Led by point guard  Kyle Lowry , the Houston Rockets lit up Memphis from all over the court, as they beat the Grizzlies for the sixth straight time 127-111 at FedExForum. Lowry torched his former team for a career-high 28 points to go along with 12 assists. QUOTABLE:  "I think I'm just playing. All these guys in here always tell me to shoot the ball. In practice, I shoot like that all the time. Passing open shots was hurting us a little bit. Me coming out there being aggressive helps us I guess.''   -- Lowry on his career night against his former club. THE STAT:  A rare missed jumper by  Kevin Martin  prevented the Rockets from shooting 60 percent or better in all areas. His miss left the Rockets with a 59.5 shooting percentage from the floor, to go along with their blistering 69.6 percent (16-for-23) from 3-point range, and 88.5 percent (23-for-26) from the free-throw line. TURNING POINT:  The Grizzlies scored the first two baskets of the fourth quarter to pull to within 98-94. But then they left Houston's  Brad Miller  wide open to hit back-to-back 3-pointers. From there, the Grizzlies were never able to get closer than eight points. QUOTABLE II:  "We were just terrific all night. We shot it so well from every part of the court. We moved the ball well. ... That's about as good as you can get with our shooting from the floor, 3s and the free-throw line. Kyle was just unbelievable. He got us so many looks and made so many things happen."   -- Rockets coach  Rick Adelman HOT:  Martin, who also scored 28 points, hit the first basket of the game for the Rockets -- a 3-pointer. It would be the first of many for Houston. From there, the Rockets drained their first six 3-pointers. They finished the game with a season-high 16 3's, topping their previous high of 10 which was last accomplished in Wednesday night's win over the Los Angeles Lakers. NOT:  Simply put, the Grizzlies defense was atrocious as most of Houston's shots went uncontested. The 16 3s by Houston were the most the Grizzlies have allowed in a game this season, as was the Rockets shooting percentage. NOTABLE:  The Grizzlies' six consecutive loss to Houston is their longest active losing streak against an NBA opponent. Houston, which has now beaten the Grizzlies 14 of the last 17, has won the last six by double figures. ... The Rockets win was just their third road victory of the season against eight defeats. It was their first road win against a Western Conference team. ... The Grizzlies saw their four-game home winning streak snapped. UP NEXT:  For the Rockets, Saturday at Chicago, Tuesday vs. Detroit, Friday at Milwaukee; For the Grizzlies, Sunday at Denver, Monday at Utah, Wednesday at Phoenix. 
