  Pacers-Cavaliers Notebook   By Rick Noland, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday February 2, 2011 10:58PM THE FACTS:   Danny Granger  scored 11 of his 23 points in the fourth period as the Indiana Pacers defeated the Cleveland Cavaliers 117-112. This was the Cavaliers' 22nd straight loss and 32nd in their last 33 games. QUOTABLE:  "We did it with poise and execution. Those are areas of growth for us because those areas have failed us in the past."   - Pacers interim coach  Frank Vogel . THE STAT:  The Pacers held a whopping 49-32 edge on the boards, including 16-6 on the offensive glass. That led to a 24-12 edge in second-chance points.  Roy Hibbert  (10) and reserves  Tyler Hansbrough  (8) and  Jeff Foster  (8) all had at least eight rebounds for the Pacers. QUOTABLE II:  "Two words -- offensive rebounds. It's as simple as that."   - Cavs coach  Byron Scott . FANTASY UPDATE:  Cleveland rookie shooting guard  Manny Harris  had 19 points, the third straight game he's scored at least that many, but don't put him in your lineup just yet. Scott said prior to the game he's on the verge of putting veteran  Anthony Parker , who had been bothered by back problems, back in the starting lineup at that spot. GOOD MOVE:  Cavs rookie  Christian Eyenga  did an outstanding job against Granger, who had averaged 29.3 points in Indiana's three earlier wins over Cleveland this season. Granger was 5-of-13 from the field, including 1-of-5 on 3-pointers. He did make 12-of-13 free throws. BAD MOVE:  After Granger made a pair of free throws to put the Pacers up 115-112 with 17.1 seconds left, the Cavs called time. Instead of going for a 3-pointer,  Ramon Sessions  drove right and attempted to rifle a pass to  J.J. Hickson  in the lane. The play probably would have netted the Cavs two quick points, but Sessions put a little too much on the pass, especially given that the less-than-sure-handed Hickson was the intended recipient. The turnover led to two more Granger free throws, concluding the scoring. NOTABLE:  After going 1-14 in December and 0-16 in January, the Cavs are now 0-1 in February. ... Both teams had six players score in double figures. ... The Cavs had gone an incredible 17 straight quarters without owning a single lead until Sessions converted a three-point play to put Cleveland up 85-84 late in the third period. Prior to that, the last time the Cavs led was late in the first quarter of a Jan. 25 game in Boston. ... Cleveland started the game 0-of-10 from the field, while Indiana made four layups, a dunk and two free throws to grab a quick 12-0 lead. ... The Pacers, who made nine of their first 10 shots, led by as many as 17 in the second period. UP NEXT:  For the Pacers, Friday vs. Portland, Sunday at New Jersey, Tuesday at Miami. For the Cavaliers, Friday at Memphis, Saturday vs. Portland, Monday at Dallas.  