  Notebook: Pistons 108, Sixers 86 Posted Friday April 27, 2012 12:10AM By Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Guard  Ben Gordon  scored 26 points, including eight 3-pointers, as the Detroit Pistons rolled to a season-ending 108-86 victory over the playoff-bound Philadelphia 76ers on Thursday night. Center  Ben Wallace , playing in perhaps the final game of his 16-year NBA career, added seven points and 12 rebounds. Center  Spencer Hawes  led Philadelphia, which saw its four-game winning streak snapped, with 16 points and seven rebounds. Philadelphia, the No. 8 seed in the Eastern Conference playoffs, will play top-seeded Chicago in the opening round, beginning Saturday. Philadelphia sat five regulars -- forwards  Andre Iguodala ,  Thaddeus Young  and  Elton Brand  and guards  Jrue Holiday  and  Louis Williams . QUOTABLE:  "It's one of those things I've got to think about a little bit. It's tough to walk away from the game when you've got so many people who keep asking you to come back. Do I think it's time for me to retire? Yeah. But people are asking me to come back, so obviously they see something in me that I really don't see in myself right now. But we all feel good to be wanted."   -- Wallace on his retirement plans. THE STAT:  11. The Pistons tied an NBA record for most 3-pointers in a quarter with 11 in the second. Gordon made seven during the flurry while forward  Charlie Villanueva  had three and forward  Jonas Jerebko  added one. Cleveland made 11 3-pointers in a quarter against the Los Angeles Clippers on Jan. 31, 2010 and Milwaukee established the mark of 11 in a quarter against Phoenix on March 28, 2006. TURNING POINT:  Even before the second-quarter outburst, the :Pistons took control by finishing the first quarter on a 17-6 run. Center  Greg Monroe  scored six of his eight points during that stretch. QUOTABLE II:  "I feel we're a better team now than we were when we were 20-9. Navigating through the ups and downs of the season, the highs and lows, the injuries, the five-game losing streak, all the stuff we had to go through, I think we are better for it on the other side. I was really pleased the way our guys ended the year."   -- Philadelphia coach  Doug Collins  on his team's play entering the postseason. The Sixers started the season 20-9 but finished 35-31. HOT:  Gordon tied his own NBA record this season by going 9-for-9 on 3-pointers during a 45-point performance in Denver. For awhile, it looked like he might surpass that. He made all seven of his attempts in the second quarter before going 1-for-3 from long range in the fourth quarter. He ended the season at 42.9 percent on 3-point tries. NOT:  Sixers guard  Evan Turner  needed to carry the offense with so many of his teammates sitting out. But Turner could only deliver 10 points in 32 minutes while making four turnovers. ROOKIE WATCH:  Pistons guard  Brandon Knight  had six points and seven assists to complete an impressive first season. Knight finished with a 12.8 point average, third-best on the team. His 3.8 assist average tied for the team lead. NOTABLE:  The Pistons finished 25-41, their fourth straight losing season, but went .500 after a 4-20 start. ... Detroit players wore blue headbands to honor Wallace. ... Forward  Craig Brackings  had 10 points and six rebounds in his first career start for Philadelphia. ... The Sixers lost to Miami in the opening round last season, 4-1. UP NEXT:  For the Sixers, Eastern Conference Playoffs -- Saturday @ Chicago at 1 p.m. ET. For the Pistons, end of season.  