  Notebook: Sixers 90, Hawks 76   By Andy Jasner, for NBA.com Posted Friday January 20, 2012 10:00PM THE FACTS: Thaddeus Young  scored 20 points,  Jrue Holiday  had 16 points and 11 assists, and the Philadelphia 76ers shook off a rusty first half for a 90-76 victory over the Atlanta Hawks Friday night at the Wells Fargo Center. Five Sixers scored in double figures and  Elton Brand  contributed a double-double of 10 points and 16 rebounds, nine off the offensive glass. The Sixers improved to 11-4 and 7-1 at home. Willie Green  scored 14 points off the bench for the Hawks.  Jeff Teague  also scored 12 points, but it wasn't enough. The Hawks (11-5) had their four-game winning streak snapped and fell to 4-4 on the road. QUOTABLE:  "If we want to say we're an elite team, we have to win this game."    -- Brand. THE STAT:  The Hawks scored 10 points in the third quarter and 19 in the fourth. If you're counting, that's 29 combined in the second half. Not good enough on the road. TURNING POINT:  Trailing 51-44 and looking rather listless, the Sixers responded with a 14-0 run.  Jodie Meeks  hit a pair of 3-pointers and  Andre Iguodala  slammed home an alley-oop pass from Holiday for a 58-51 advantage with 4:23 left in the third. The crowd got back into it and the Sixers used that momentum the rest of the game. HOT:  Young knocked down eight of his 11 shots for the Sixers. He was active all night and made some big shots in the second half. NOT:   Josh Smith  misfired on 10 of his 15 shots and never established an inside presence. QUOTABLE II:  "It got tough for us and we quit. I was disappointed and frustrated."    -- Hawks coach  Larry Drew . FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Holiday (16 points, 11 assists, six rebounds, three steals) and Iguodala (11 points, six rebounds, six assists, two steals) both had strong all-around performances. INSIDE THE ARENA:  There was a large crowd of 17,724 for this game at the Wells Fargo Center. The Sixers had won six of seven at home entering Friday night and the enthusiastic crowd responded. Sixers owner  Joshua Harris  and CEO  Adam Aron  were in attendance. QUOTABLE III:  "I don't think anyone was concerned. Whether we're up or whether we're down, we have a lot of faith. The coaches have a lot of faith and we feel like we're going to come out strong. We believe in what we're doing and we have a lot of confidence in this locker room."   --Holiday, on responding after trailing by eight points at halftime. GOOD MOVE:  Sixers coach  Doug Collins  gave extended minutes to Brand, even with a game looming Saturday night at Miami. The Sixers struggled early, but Brand had good energy and came up with 16 huge rebounds in 37 minutes. Sometimes, a coach goes with his gut. It paid off. BAD MOVE:  Smith settled for way too many jump shots. He's an explosive player when driving to the basket. Staying on the perimeter isn't his strength. ROOKIE WATCH:  With  Spencer Hawes  sitting out with a low back strain, forward  Nikola Vucevic  earned his second consecutive start. Vucevic had eight points and seven rebounds in 29 minutes. Hawks forward  Ivan Johnson  scored two points while guard  Donald Sloan  was scoreless in three minutes. NOTABLE:  Iguodala picked up his 1,000th career steal, becoming just the fifth player in franchise history to accomplish the feat. ... The Sixers haven't lost consecutive games this season. ... The Hawks were outrebounded 51-32. ... Atlanta only attempted eight free throws. ... The Sixers had just 12 turnovers, marking their fifth straight game with 12 or less. They are 10-1 this season with 12 or fewer turnovers. NEXT:  For the Hawks, Saturday vs. Cleveland, Monday @ Milwaukee, Wednesday @ San Antonio. For the Sixers, Saturday @ Miami, Monday vs. Washington, Wednesday vs. New Jersey.  