  Suns-Kings notebook   By Jimmy Spencer, for NBA.com Posted Monday January 3, 2011 12:37AM THE FACTS:  Rookie  DeMarcus Cousins  scored a career-high 28 points in the Sacramento Kings 94-89 comeback victory against the visiting Phoenix Suns on Sunday night. The Kings trailed by as many 14 points in the fourth quarter but finished the game on a 19-2 run. QUOTABLE:  "He wants to win. That's it. He just wants to win. He is competitive; he's a great guy and a great teammate. He wants to win so bad. ... He'll take his time and grow as a man. But he just wants to win."    -- Kings forward  Omri Casspi  on Cousins THE STAT:  The Kings outrebounded the Suns by a whopping margin of 60-32 on the night. The team's rebounding efforts kept them in the game, particularly since Sacramento shot just 28.3 percent in the first half. TURNING POINT:  The emotion swung entirely in Sacramento's favor late in the fourth quarter when Cousins scored on a post move, banking in the shot and picking up the foul. After he made the free throw, the game was tied at 89-89 with 1:48 remaining. Casspi's 3-pointer with 25.6 seconds left gave the Kings a 92-89 advantage with 25.6 seconds left in the game. QUOTABLE II : "The momentum was ours. When does the momentum start, when does it stop? You can only tell that after the fact. But we could feel the momentum, the players could feel it, the fans could feel it and I think Phoenix could feel it."    -- Kings coach Paul Westphal ROOKIE WATCH:  Cousins is developing into the type of offensive threat that the Kings hoped he'd be when they drafted him at the No. 5 overall spot. The center scored a career-high 28 points, adding eight rebounds and showing tremendous passing skills in tallying six assists. Cousins is averaging 21.6 points per game in his last three games, and is shooting 56.5 percent in that stretch. BAD MOVE : Nash passed up on a near wide-open layup with 16 seconds remaining, opting to kick the ball out to  Mickael Pietrus  who was closely guarded on the baseline wing. Pietrus missed on the shot challenged by Casspi, Cousins grabbed the defensive rebound and made both free throws after the intentional foul to give the Kings the five-point lead. GOOD MOVE:  A Kings fan sitting courtside might have put it best when he yelled just before halftime regarding his team's inability to stop Phoenix's pick and roll: "They do the same play every time, you might want to change it up!" But it's the Steve Nash special and stopping the play may be easier yelled in the stands than done on the court. Nash finished the first half with eight of his 12 assists and Marcin Gortat, on the roll side of the play, finished with 11 first half points. In the second half, the Kings did a better job taking the ball out of Nash's hands to prevent the play, though Nash did finish with 20 points on a perfect 8-for-8 shooting. NOTABLE:  With the win, the Kings snapped a six-game losing streak against the Suns. ...  Beno Udrih  banged his left knee midway through the third quarter and never returned. Westphal said it's a bruised left knee and he'll be day-to-day. ... Westphal explained that the reason Sacramento center  Samuel Dalembert  played just four minutes was because the team needed more offense to win against Phoenix. ... The Suns announced Sunday that they have assigned rookie center  Garret Siler  to the Iowa Energy of the NBA Developmental League. UP NEXT : For the Suns, Wednesday vs. Lakers, Friday vs. New York, Sunday vs. Cleveland. For the Kings, Tuesday vs. the Hawks, Thursday vs. Denver, Sunday @ Toronto.  