  Notebook: Heat 103, Timberwolves 101   By Jim Beilby, for NBA.com Posted Friday December 30, 2011 11:56PM THE FACTS:  After giving Oklahoma City a scare in their home opener, the Minnesota Timberwolves gave Miami Heat all they could take on Friday, coming up just short 103-101. Miami needed a last-second alley-oop by  Dwyane Wade  and 34 points and 10 rebounds by  LeBron James  to defeat the surprisingly tough Timberwolves. In the first quarter, this game looked like it would be a blow out. James scored 15 first quarter points as he spearheaded a 12-1 run to give Miami an early double-digit lead. But Minnesota stormed back into contention and retook the lead at 8:39 in fourth quarter on back-to-back-to-back assists by  Ricky Rubio , leading to 3-pointers by  Derrick Williams ,  Wayne Ellington , and Williams again.  Kevin Love  scored 25 points and 12 rebounds and Rubio got his first double-double as a pro, 12 points and 12 assists. QUOTABLE:  "They played aggressive. Physically they were unbelievable. It's hard to play against them because they play aggressive. You have to take care of the ball... if you don't, you're going to lose. I don't know how many turnovers we had, but it was similar to Milwaukee. It's one of our points we have to improve."   -- Ricky Rubio THE STAT:  Miami forced Minnesota into 25 turnovers, leading to 31 points for Miami. Minnesota contributed to their demise by making only 12 of their 20 freethrows, including three key misses in the last 1:13 of the game. TURNING POINT:  With Minnesota up three with just a little over a minute to play, James scored and was fouled by  Anthony Tolliver , who had given Minnesota some very strong minutes defending James, rebounding, and scoring some key baskets. Wade scored the last two baskets for the Heat, a 22 foot step back jump shot and an alley oop off an out-of-bounds play. Ellington's long jump shot missed as time expired. QUOTABLE II:  "First of all, that's a good team down there in that locker room. You have to give them a lot of credit. That's a lot of young talent. They're going to give a lot of people a problem here at home."   -- Miami coach  Erik Spoelstra NOTABLE:  Minnesota's entire bench scored in double figures. Minnesota has had back-to-back sellouts to open season for the first time since 1991-1992. Miami has started the season 4-0 for the second time in franchise history (previously, 2004-2005). UP NEXT:  For the Wolves, Sunday vs. Dallas, Monday vs. San Antonio, Wednesday vs. Memphis. For the Heat, Sunday vs. Charlotte, Monday vs. Atlanta, Wednesday vs. Indiana.  