Notebook: Grizzlies 97, Kings 86 
 
 
 James Ham, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Nov 17, 2013 9:40 PM - Updated Sun Nov 17, 2013 9:40 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  After a rough start to the season, the Memphis Grizzlies improved to 5-5 on the season and have now won the first two games on their four game road trip out west.  
 
 THE LEAD:  Memphis (5-5) walked into Sacramento and handed the Kings (2-7) their seventh loss in their last eight games by the final of 97-86. The Grizzlies led by as many as 20 points in this one, but had to fight off a late charge from the Kings second unit to get the win. 
 
 Zach Randolph  led the way for the Grizzlies, scoring 22 points and grabbing 10 rebounds in 34 minutes.  Marc Gasol  added 19 points, nine assists and eight rebounds, while  Mike Conley  kicked in 19 points and nine assists in the win.    
 
 Travis Outlaw  did his best to keep the Kings in this one.  After riding the pine in the first half, the veteran wing came off the bench to score 18 points after the break.  Isaiah Thomas  kicked in 15 points, despite shooting just 5-for-17 from the field and  Marcus Thornton  added 12 in the losing effort.   
 
 QUOTABLE:  "One thing about me, I don't try to get rebounds, I don't try to get assists, I don't try to get points, I try to win.  That's how I play and how I always will play.  I don't care about numbers."   --  Gasol after a near triple-double.  
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Grizzlies outrebounded the Kings 16-7 in the fourth quarter and 49-35 for the game. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Kings had chances to tie this game in the fourth, but the Grizzlies methodically beat them down the stretch with team defense, rebounding and execution.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "On this team, nothing is permanent."   --  Coach  Michael Malone  on his starting line-up.  
 
 
 HOT I:  The Grizzlies big three of Conley, Randolph and Gasol combined to shoot 25-for-38 from the field tonight, for a stellar 65.8 percent.  
 
 HOT II:  Outlaw single-handedly made a game out of this one in the second half.  With the Kings looking completely listless on their home floor, the 10-year vet scored 18 points on 6-for-9 shooting and grabbed six rebounds in 17 minutes after the break. 
 
 NOT:  The Sacramento Kings shot just 28 percent from the field as a team in the second quarter.   
 
 BAD MOVE : The Kings cut the Memphis lead all the way down to 3-points in the fourth quarter.  Malone stuck with the group that led the comeback a little too long and the game slipped away.  
 
 NOTABLE: Chuck Hayes  caught an elbow from Gasol in the second quarter that required 10 stitches above his right eye.  Hayes returned to the game sporting a giant head band in the third quarter. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Grizzlies, Monday @ Clippers, Wednesday @ Golden State, Friday vs. Spurs. For the Kings, Tuesday vs. Phoenix, Wednesday @ Phoenix, Friday @ Clippers. 
