Notebook: Mavs 103, Wizards 94 
 
 
 Rich Dubroff, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Jan 01, 2013 10:39 PM - Updated Tue Jan 01, 2013 10:48 PM 
 
 THE FACTS: Vince Carter  scored 23 points,  O.J. Mayo  and  Darren Collison  each had 15 to help the Dallas Mavericks break a six-game losing streak, 103-94 over the Washington Wizards on Tuesday night. The Mavericks outscored the Wizards 35-19 in the third quarter. Six players scored in double figures.  Chris Kaman  had 12,  Shawn Marion  had 11 points and a season-high 14 rebounds and  Dirk Nowitzki  added 11. 
 Washington is now 4-25. The Wizards were led by  Bradley Beal , who tied a career high with 22 points.  Emeka Okafor  had 14 points and 11 rebounds.  Marte l l Webster  also had 14. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "The locker room is miserable. The coaches are miserable when we lose." 
 -- Dirk Nowitzki 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Dallas avoided its first seven-game losing streak since Feb. 9-19, 1999. "It's been a while. I don't remember losing six games in a row before in my career. It probably happened, but I don't remember it, it's been so long," Nowitzki said. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Mavericks trailed by 14 points early in the second quarter, and by the end of the third quarter were up by 12. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "He shows flashes of those things more frequently than you might think. The play to open the game was a key play for us because it kind of woke our whole team up and I thought it got us going in the right direction. The play at the end of the game was pivotal because I thought it sealed the game." 
 -- Mavs coach  Rick Carlisle  on Vince Carter's dunk 
 
 
 HOT:  Nowitzki, who had been shooting 32.4 percent in his first four games, was 5-for-7 from the field. "I've been working my butt off to get in halfway decent shape. Didn't help the guys much in the last couple of outings," Nowitzki said. 
 
 NOT:  Nene , who had been shooting 51.9 percent, missed eight of 10 from the field for Washington. "We had a great start. They have experience. They have good players right there. We wake up the beast. Nowitzki started marking shots. Vince Carter looked like the young Vince Carter," Nene said. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Carlisle started Carter for the second straight game, his only starts of the season.  
 
 BAD MOVE:    K evin Seraphin  tried to guard Kaman, but he allowed the Mavericks' big man three easy baskets at the end of the first half to let Dallas back in the game. 
 
 NOTABLE:  The Mavericks have won six straight games against Washington and their starters scored in double figures for the first time since Feb. 2010. 
 
 IN THE ARENA:   The Wizards gave out Beal bobbleheads. Fortunately, he was their leading scorer. 
 
 NEXT:   For the Mavericks, Wednesday @ Miami, Saturday vs. New Orleans, Monday @ Utah. For the Wizards, Wednesday @ Indiana, Friday vs. Brooklyn, Sunday @ Miami. 
