Notebook: Hornets 97, Magic 94 
 
 
 Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Dec 26, 2012 11:19 PM - Updated Wed Dec 26, 2012 11:19 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:   Robin Lopez  scored 29 points and  Greivis Vasquez  added a career-high 27 to help the New Orleans Hornets break an 11-game losing streak at the expense of the Orlando Magic, 97-94. 
 Lopez scored 14 of the Hornets' first 20 points as New Orleans won its first road game since Nov. 26. Lopez also had three of the Hornets' six blocks in the fourth quarter, including a block from behind while  Arron Afflalo  was driving for a basket that could have put the Magic ahead with 40 seconds left. 
 
 Jameer Nelson  had 28 points and 10 assists for the Magic, who shot 5-for-24 in the final quarter and did not have a field goal in the final six minutes. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "It is huge for us. Not only is it nice to beat the team that traded me, but it is great for this team and the morale . . . this was a very big step to come through and make a few stops at the end to get a win." 
 -- Hornets forward  Ryan Anderson 
 
 
 THE STAT:  It had been 30 days since the Hornets' last road victory. That came in Los Angeles against the Clippers, who have not lost a game since.   
 
 TURNING POINT:   J.J. Redick  missed an easy back-door layup during a 16-3 New Orleans run that put the Hornets in command in the third quarter. 
 
 HOT:  Lopez shot for 9-for-10, missing only a 10-foot hook shot in the final minute of the first half.  
 
 NOT:  With the Hornets protecting a one-point lead and less than two minutes left, rookie  Austin Rivers  shot an air ball from the corner. Rivers' first-half line in 9 minutes, 22 seconds: all zeroes. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  The Hornets used 6-foot-10  Anthony Davis  to trap Nelson near mid-court in the middle of the fourth quarter. It produced a turnover which Vasquez converted into a layup. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  The Magic have not found an answer for the absence of power forward  Glen Davis , who has missed three games -- all losses -- with a shoulder injury. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "It would be nice to have him, but he's not going to be around for a while . . . so we have to compensate." 
 -- Arron Afflalo 
 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  It was the second straight 20-plus scoring game for Lopez, who averages 12.3 points. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:   "I wouldn't want to get happy on the farm and try to tell you exactly what it is, but I do know he works at it every night. Obviously guys have confidence in him in certain matchups, and now we've got to get to the gym tomorrow and talk about what to do when teams double-team him." 
 -- Hornets coach  Monty Williams  on Lopez 
 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Davis had 12 points, 11 rebounds and two fourth-quarter blocks . . . Rivers scored four points in 28 minutes . . . Magic rookies  Maurice Harkless  and  Andrew Nicholson  combined for two points, although Harkless had seven rebounds. 
 
 NOTABLE:   The Hornets have beaten the Magic five straight times . . . Magic center  Nikola Vukovic  had his streak of double-digit rebound games ended at six. He had nine rebounds . . .  Eric Gordon , shelved to this point by a sore right knee, might be playing for the Hornets by Saturday. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Hornets: Friday vs. Toronto, Saturday @ Charlotte, Tuesday vs. Atlanta. For the Magic: Friday @ Washington, Saturday vs. Toronto, Monday vs. Miami. 
