Notebook: Sixers 103, Lakers 99 
 
 
 Dan Arritt, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Jan 02, 2013 2:10 AM - Updated Wed Jan 02, 2013 2:10 AM 
 
 THE FACTS:   Playing his first NBA game in his native Southern California in nearly two years, 76ers point guard  Jrue Holiday  put on a show for his friends and family Tuesday night but thoroughly aggravated the Lakers, producing 26 points and 10 assists in the 103-99 victory at Staples Center.  Evan Turner  pitched in 22 points and a season-high 13 rebounds and four others scored in double figures, helping Philadelphia improve to 2-3 on their current eight-game road trip.   
 
 
 QUOTABLE:   "He's playing with tremendous confidence. He's a well-conditioned athlete and you have to be to play at the level he plays every night." 
 --Philadelphia coach  Doug Collins  on Holiday. 
 
 
 THE STAT:   The Lakers shot a season-low 13.6 percent from 3-point range, missing 19 of 22 attempts from beyond the arc. Their previous low was 17.4 against Utah on Nov. 7, the last game  Mike Brown  coached for L.A. before he was fired. The Lakers were nearly as bad from the free-throw line, shooting 22-for-33. 
 
 TURNING POINT:   Lakers center  Dwight Howard  blocked Holiday's jumper on one end of the floor and  Kobe Bryant  sank a 3-pointer on the other, cutting the deficit to 99-97 with 1:28 remaining.  Spencer Hawes  came through with a 21-footer from the baseline, however, pushing the lead back to four. Bryant committed just the seventh turnover of the game for the Lakers on the ensuing possession, but  Jason Richardson  missed a wide-open 3-pointer in transition, giving L.A. renewed life. The Lakers couldn't take advantage, as  Steve Nash  and  Metta World Peace  missed open 3-pointers. That led to Holiday's fast-break dunk with 22 seconds left, putting the Lakers down by six points dropping them back below .500 for the season.  
 
 HOT:  Turner began the season by scoring in double figures the first 17 games, but had been a bit of a pendulum since the middle of December. In the previous seven games, he had mixed in games of six, one and four points. He had his shot working against the Lakers, however, shooting 8-for-14 and 2-for-3 from 3-point range. He had a team-high six points and five rebounds in the deciding fourth quarter. Bryant scored 36 points on 14-for-29 shooting for the Lakers, but even he missed three free throws for the second consecutive game. 
 
 NOT:  One of the strengths of the Lakers is their tandem of 7-footers, Howard and  Pau Gasol . Offensively, their contributions were few and far between against the 76ers. Gasol shot 2-for-12 and scored 11 points. Howard was 1-for-7, scoring his only basket on a dunk after grabbing an offensive rebound fourth quarter. He also shot 5-for-10 from the line, leaving him with seven points, his lowest output since scoring seven in back-to-back games Nov. 21 and 23. The 76ers were nearly bitten by their own shaky free-throw shooting. They missed five of six from the line in the final 3:30, leaving the door open for the Lakers to sneak back. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We'll keep talking, keep trying to iron things out, but tonight just wasn't a good night." 
 --Lakers coach  Mike D'Antoni 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:   D'Antoni made a swift decision to insert  Jordan Hill  for Gasol with 7:33 remaining in the opening quarter. Hill immediately brought a dose of energy and finished the quarter with eight points and six rebounds, helping the Lakers trim an early 11-point deficit to three.  
 
 BAD MOVE:  World Peace sank a rare 3-pointer with 4:52 remaining, then followed with a pull-up 19-footer on the next trip down the floor, keeping the Lakers within four points. After the 76ers pushed the lead back to six on the other end, World Peace decided to keep shooting, but forced a bad shot after driving along the baseline. Hawes grabbed the rebound cleanly, but World Peace swiped at the ball anyway, fouling Hawes and putting Philadelphia in the bonus with 3:30 remaining.  
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "We dodged it at the end. We missed four free throws and took a quick 3 when we should have used the clock. It's a learning experience, to say the least, but it's a great win for our team to start the New Year."  
 -- Doug Collins 
 
 NOTABLE:  Hawes scored a career-high 30 points against the Lakers three years ago Tuesday (30). ... The 76ers are 14-0 this season when leading at the start of the fourth quarter. ... The Lakers matched their worst start to a season since 2002-03. ... Lakers back-up point guard  Chris Duhon  missed the game with back spasms. He expects to return Friday against the Clippers. 
 
 UP NEXT:   For the Lakers, Friday @ L.A. Clippers, Sunday vs. Denver, Tuesday @ Houston. For the 76ers, Wednesday @ Phoenix, Friday @ Oklahoma City, Saturday @ San Antonio.  
