  Notebook: Heat 118, Pacers 83   By Shandel Richardson, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday January 4, 2012 11:12PM THE FACTS:  The Miami Heat defeated the Indiana Pacers 118-83 Wednesday night at AmericanAirlines Arena. The Heat improved to 6-1 despite playing without guard  Dwyane Wade , who was held out with a left foot contusion. Forward  LeBron James  led all scorers with 33 points to make up for Wade's absence. James survived a scare when he twisted his left ankle early in the fourth quarter. After lying on the court for a few minutes, he was up and walking and able to remain in the game. Four of the five Heat starters scored in double-figures, including  Chris Bosh  with 22 points. Guard  James Jones , who replaced Wade in the starting lineup, scored all 14 of his points in the first half. The Heat were the first team to score 100 points against the Pacers, who entered tied for third in the league in scoring defense (89.0). QUOTABLE:  "He was aggressive and active on both sides of the ball. He had 13 assists, but a lot of defensive plays and the rebounds in traffic really got us out in the open court in the first half. We were able to get a lot of different contributions (from James)."   -- Heat coach  Erik Spoelstra  on James THE STAT:  The Heat held the Pacers starting forwards,  Danny Granger  and  David West , to a combined 15 points on 4-for-19 shooting. TURNING POINT:  The Heat outscored the Pacers 33-12 in the second quarter. The Pacers shot just 1-for-15 from the field. Miami closed the half with a 25-6 run behind its strong defense. QUOTABLE II:  "We just wanted to go out and do our job. We wanted to do a better job defensively. It's about time for us to start sticking more to our principles and holding each other accountable. We just really wanted to focus on that and when we get stops, and just get out in the open court and play the same game we've been playing and not slow down because one guy's (Wade) out."   -- Bosh HOT:  James finished with 33 points on 12-for-21 shooting. It was his fourth game with at least 30 points or more this season. He also had 13 assists and eight rebounds, falling just short of his 33rd career triple-double. NOT:  Granger was a non-factor for Indiana, hitting just two of 13 shots. Granger finished with six points, well below his average of 17. GOOD MOVE:  Resting Wade for the upcoming five-game road trip turned out to be the right move. Replacement James Jones was efficient in relief. Jones made his first four 3-pointers, helping the Heat jump to the big lead. Wade should benefit from the night off with five games in seven days looming. BAD MOVE:  The Pacers' shot selection was very questionable in the decisive second quarter. Give the Heat some of the credit, but Granger took some unforced bad shots. The scoreless possessions led to the Heat taking control. NOTABLE:  Heat swingman  Mike Miller  was cleared by doctors to return to full-contact practice drills. Miller has been out since undergoing offseason hernia surgery. He could return during the team's five-game road trip. ... Pacers center  Greg Foster  was active but did not make his season debut. He's still nursing a back injury. ... The Heat are 6-1 for the second time in franchise history. ... Wade (foot) will be a game-time decision Thursday against Atlanta. UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Thursday @ Atlanta, Saturday @ New Jersey, Tuesday @ Golden State. For the Pacers, Friday @ Boston, Saturday vs. Charlotte, Monday @ Philadelphia.  