Notebook: Thunder 119, Celtics 96 
 
 
 Randy Renner, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Jan 05, 2014 10:57 PM - Updated Sun Jan 05, 2014 10:57 PM 
 T HE FACT:  Point guard  Reggie Jackson  scored a career-high 27 points in a Thunder romp. 
 
 THE LEAD:  The Oklahoma City Thunder (27-7) snapped a two-game home losing streak with a 119-96 win over the Boston Celtics (13-21) at Chesapeake Energy Arena that was decided early enough for the Thunder to rest their starters in the final quarter. 
 Jackson led all scorers with his 27.  Kevin Durant , coming off a season-high 48 points Saturday night in Minnesota, had 21 in three quarters. He also handed out eight assists, grabbed seven rebounds, stole the ball three times and did not have a turnover.  Serge Ibaka  finished with a double-double, scoring 17 points and pulling down 11 rebounds.  Jeremy Lamb  added 13 and was 3-for-5 on 3-pointers. Center  Kendrick Perkins  added a season-high 12 points against his former team. 
 The Celtics were led by  Jeff Green , who had 19 points on 8-for-15 shooting. Guard  Avery Bradley  scored 18 and  Jordan Crawford  was right behind with 17 and seven assists.  Kris Humphries  came off the bench to drop in 14 points. 
 With the win, the Thunder avoided losing a third straight home game for the first time since the 2008-09 season and the Celtics have now dropped seven of their last eight. 
 Boston guard  Courtney Lee  did not play after being told he'd been traded to Memphis. Lee wished his now-former teammates well as he left the Celtics locker room. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We did a great job passing the ball tonight (28 assists) and we took care of the basketball (nine turnovers). It was important that we play a good 48 minute game and we just wanted to play our style of basketball." 
  -- Thunder coach  Scott Brooks 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Ibaka was the only OKC starter to play in the fourth quarter and he went 4-for-4 (eight points) in just over five minutes. His double-double was his 15th of the season, the same number he had all of last season. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Thunder led for 44 of the 48 minutes and were up by as many as 23. They were leading by 21 late in the third quarter when Boston went on a 13-5 run to cut the lead to 13. With OKC's recent troubles of blowing big leads, you could sense the crowd getting antsy. But the Thunder scored a quick seven points to push the lead back to 20 and ice the game. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We didn't help each other on defense very often. When things are going well we're not bad but when things don't go well we haven't responded well lately." 
 -- Celtics head coach  Brad Stevens 
 
 
 HOT:  Jackson scored 11 points in the first five minutes on 5-for-5 shooting, finishing the first half 6-for-7 (3-for-3 on threes) for 19 points. Crawford was 6-for-10 (15 points) in the first half. OKC shot 66.7 percent (6-for-9) and Boston 61.5 percent (8-for-13) on threes in the first half. The Thunder were 7-for-9 (17 points) in transition and the Celtics were 6-for-7 (16 points) on the break. 
 
 NOT:  The Celtics were just 1-for-10 (five points) in second chance opportunities.  Jared Sullinger  was 3-for-11 (nine points). Boston was just 15-for-24 (62.5 percent at the free-throw line. 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  It was the 132nd consecutive sellout for Chesapeake Energy Arena. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Late in the second quarter Perkins stole the ball from Green and fired an outlet pass to Durant, who was all alone for a layup. On the Celtics' next possession, Perkins grabbed the rebound off a Green miss and again fired a long outlet pass to Durant who slammed it home. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  On a possession midway through the first quarter the Celtics seemed confused on offense. Crawford dribbled the ball in the right corner and finally put up a shot that missed. Stevens shook his head and said, "Move the ball, move the freaking ball." 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Thunder backup center  Steven Adams  played just five minutes coming off that ankle sprain from Saturday night. He was 0-for-2 with a rebound. Celtics backup center  Kelly Olynyk  played 24 minutes, scoring scored seven points and grabbing eight rebounds. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Thunder All-Star point guard  Russell Westbrook  is off his crutches and was shooting free throws during team warmups. Westbrook talked to reporters before the game and said he's "doing great, only about eight days out of surgery so just trying to find my way." Asked if he might be able to return before the All-Star Break he said, "Not sure, man. I just wake up and try to get back on the floor as quick as possible. Just try to do what's best for my body and take it day-by-day." But Westbrook is confident that when he returns he'll have the same explosiveness he's always had, "Never a doubt, never a doubt." 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Celtics:  Tuesday @ Denver, Wednesday @ LA Clippers, Friday @ Golden State.  For the Thunder:  Tuesday @ Utah, Thursday @ Denver, Saturday vs. Milwaukee. 
