  Knicks-Nets notebook   By Jake Appleman, for NBA.com Posted Saturday February 12, 2011 10:37PM THE FACTS:  In front of what felt like a home crowd at times, the Knicks held off a late charge from the Nets to win 105-95.  Devin Harris  (22 points four assists) led the Nets while  Wilson Chandler  (21 points, eight rebounds) filled up the box score for the victors. QUOTABLE:  "Did you see  Kim Kardashian ?"    --  Landry Fields , joking with reporters about a reason for his theatrics following his game-sealing 3-pointer. THE STAT:  Seven Knicks connected from downtown as the team hoisted 34 treys, making 16, good for 47.1 percent. TURNING POINT:  Back-to-back corner 3-pointers from Chandler and Fields gave the Knicks a 93-89 lead late in the fourth quarter. QUOTABLE II:  "They lived and died with it. And they lived."    -- Nets coach  Avery Johnson  on the Knicks' long-range shooting FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:   Toney Douglas  (8-for-13 from the floor, 3-for-6 from downtown) chipped in 19 points off the bench for the Knicks. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Knicks paraphernalia was visible in most sections of the crowd and the New York fans were noticeably more raucous...Kardashian and  Spike Lee  sat courtside...The Nets announced the team's first sellout of the season (18,711)... Kevin Smith  appeared on the Jumbotron in the fourth quarter and urged the crowd "not to be a Silent Bob." ROOKIE WATCH:   Derrick Favors  (nine points, 14 rebounds) mixed tenacity on the glass with unrefined finishing around the rim. For the Knicks, Fields (14 points, five assists, four rebounds) turned in another efficient performance while  Timofey Mozgov  was mostly a non-factor. NOTABLE:  Late in the second quarter, Favors and  Ronny Turiaf  tussled while going after a loose ball, although an altercation was prevented...Douglas wedged a jumper in between the backboard and the rim late in the third quarter...Early in the fourth quarter, Johnson went with a lineup ( Jordan Farmar , Harris,  Sasha Vujajcic , Favors,  Kris Humphries ) that featured two point guards and two power forwards...The loss kept the Nets from having a winning home record (13-14) and prevented the team's first three-game winning streak since early 2009...The Knicks were two made 3-pointers short of tying an all-time high (18) for a Nets opponent, set by the Mavericks in 1996. UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Wednesday vs. Atlanta, Wednesday 23rd vs. Milwaukee, Friday 25th @ Cleveland. For the Nets Monday vs. San Antonio, Wednesday @ Boston, Friday 25th @ San Antonio.  