  Notebook: Cavaliers 98, Knicks 90 Posted Saturday April 21, 2012 12:15AM By Brian Dulik, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Point guard  Kyrie Irving  scored a game-high 21 points and shooting guard  Manny Harris  added 19, leading the Cleveland Cavaliers to a 98-90 upset of the New York Knicks at Quicken Loans Arena. Harris also had a career-best 12 rebounds for the Cavaliers, who have the fifth-worst home record in the NBA. Knicks power forward  Amar'e Stoudemire  collected a team-high 15 points, three rebounds and four blocked shots in his return from a lower back injury. Small forward  Steve Novak  chipped in 15 points for playoff-bound New York, which also got 12 points apiece from small forward  Carmelo Anthony  and point guard  Mike Bibby . QUOTABLE:  "The Cavs just outworked us tonight. They wanted this win more than we did. It's that simple. Tonight was just one of those nights for us. The Cavs had it more than we did, and we didn't adjust to it."  --  Knicks small forward  Carmelo Anthony . THE STAT:  The Cavaliers have won 10 straight home games over the Knicks, last losing to them in Cleveland on Nov. 29, 2006. "I can't explain it whatsoever, I really can't," Cavaliers head coach  Byron Scott  said. "I thought tonight we really came ready to play and they were kind of not into it, for whatever reason, and we took full advantage of it." The only current Cleveland players who have lost on their home floor to New York are injured center  Anderson Varejao  and injured shooting guard  Daniel Gibson.  "I just think the team picks it up when we play them," Harris said. "We come out with a lot of energy and play them with a lot of aggression." TURNING POINT: After a Novak 3-pointer pulled the Knicks within 65-56 late in the third quarter, the Cavaliers went on a 14-4 run to take their largest lead of the night. Irving, Harris, center  Samardo Samuels , power forward  Antawn Jamison , small forward  Omri Casspi , and point guard  Donald Sloan  each had hoops during the spurt that put Cleveland in front 79-60 with 9:41 remaining in the fourth. Harris had the biggest make in the sequence, burying a 42-footer in front of the scorer's table as the shot clock was expiring. "I felt we had the game in hand when he threw up the bank shot and it went in," Scott said, smiling. QUOTABLE II:  "There was nothing about tonight's game that I liked. As a unit, we just didn't compete. You've got to give Cleveland credit. They kept playing and didn't quit from beginning to end -- and we just didn't compete."  --  Knicks head coach  Mike Woodson . HOT:  Samuels had 15 points, three rebounds and two blocked shots in 24 strong minutes for the Cavaliers, nicely complementing the 10 points and six boards that starting center  Tristan Thompson  put up. ... Jamison collected eight points, eight rebounds, five assists, one steal and one rejection without committing a turnover. He also moved past  Gail Goodrich  into 45th place in NBA history with 19,186 career points. ... Second-year pro Harris played a career-high tying 41 minutes in notching his second NBA double-double. All 12 of his boards came on the defensive end, helping Cleveland win the overall rebounding battle 52-32. ... Cavaliers small forward  Anthony Parker , who scored nine points, is averaging 11.9 points and shooting .597 from the field over his last nine games. ... Knicks point guard  Toney Douglas  was very active in 21 minutes off the bench, posting six points, a team-leading nine rebounds, and a game-high tying six assists. ... Stoudemire played for the first time since March 24 in Detroit. The six-time All-Star had missed 13 straight games. ... New York is 15-6 since Woodson replaced  Mike D'Antoni  on an interim basis on March 14. NOT:  Knicks center  Tyson Chandler  was outplayed by Thompson and Samuels, finishing the contest with just four points, eight boards, one block and zero fouls in 25 minutes. "It just got away from us," Chandler said. "We gave away way too many layups and drives to the rim." ... New York small forward  Landry Fields , who was removed from the starting lineup to make room for Stoudemire, missed his first six shots and failed to score in the first three-plus quarters. ... Knicks starters Chandler, Anthony, Stoudemire, Bibby, and shooting guard  Iman Shumpert  combined for 14 rebounds, 13 fouls and 11 turnovers. ... The Cavaliers are 3-13 in their last 16 home games and 8-24 overall since Feb. 22. Prior to beating the Knicks, Cleveland's last victory over a team with a winning record came on March 11 against Houston. ... Jamison is 13-for-45 on field goal attempts in the last five games. ... Cavaliers power forward  Luke Walton  dressed, but did not play. New York centers  Jerome James  and  Dan Gadzuric  also logged the dreaded "Did Not Play -- Coach's Decision" Gadzuric was signed earlier in the day, prompting the Knicks to release small forward  Bill Walker . QUOTABLE III:  "We looked like a really solid team out there. I wish (the effort) would have been consistent like this throughout the season. We want to show that we can actually play with the good teams. Tonight, we showed that."  --  Cavaliers point guard Irving. GOOD MOVE:  Scott did not make a substitution in the fourth quarter, keeping the odd quintet of Harris, Samuels, Sloan, Casspi, and power forward  Luke Harangody  on the court from start to finish. The Cavaliers were outscored 34-26 during the period, but never allowed the Knicks to pull closer than eight points. "I really felt our second unit was playing really well together, and I thought they could close the game out," Scott explained. "That's why I didn't panic and just left them in there." BAD MOVE:  Varejao, who has been sidelined since Feb. 11 with a broken right wrist, plans on playing for his native Brazil in the Summer Olympics. The mop-topped "Wild Thing" only appeared in 25 games for Cleveland in 2011-2012 -- averaging 10.8 points and a team-high 11.5 rebounds -- and could be putting his recovery at risk by participating in the London Games. "If (the Cavaliers) don't want me to play, then we're gonna have to talk -- and see why not," Varejao said sternly. NOTABLE:  New York remains in seventh place in the Eastern Conference standings, one-half game ahead of Philadelphia. The Knicks still could catch sixth-place Orlando, but would have to win their final three games and have the Magic lose-out. "Now that we've clinched (a playoff spot), we feel like we accomplished something," Stoudemire said. "We just have to make sure we keep our focus going into the postseason. We're all veterans. We all understand how to win, so that's nothing to worry about." ... New York point guard  Baron Davis  (stomach virus) was a late scratch and was replaced in the starting lineup by Bibby. ... Cavaliers small forward  Alonzo Gee  (left ankle sprain) missed his third straight game, allowing Harris to make his second start in a row. ... Top overall draft pick Irving went 8-for-8 from the foul line, upping his season free throw percentage to .878. UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Sunday @ Atlanta, Wednesday vs. L.A. Clippers, Thursday @ Charlotte. For the Cavaliers, Sunday @ San Antonio, Monday @ Memphis, Wednesday vs. Washington.  