  Notebook: Nuggets 106, Thunder 101 Posted Wednesday April 25, 2012 11:35PM By Randy Renner, NBA.com THE FACTS:  The Denver Nuggets took a big step toward locking up the sixth seed in the Western Conference playoffs by knocking off the Oklahoma City Thunder 106-101. The Nuggets had seven players in double figures led by 25 from point guard  Ty Lawson . If Denver beats Minnesota tomorrow night the Nuggets will finish sixth and will play the Lakers and the Dallas Mavericks will be the seventh seed in the West and will play Oklahoma City. The Nuggets also got 15 points from  Arron Afflalo  and 14 from  Danilo Gallinari .  Oklahoma City played to win despite having the second seed in the West already sewn up. OKC's  Kevin Durant  played 40 minutes and  Russell Westbrook  was on the floor for 35. Those two combined for 62 points as Durant had 32 and Westbrook dropped in 30. Durant gains a little more ground on Laker guard  Kobe Bryant  for the scoring title, but Kobe will get the last word tomorrow night at Sacramento. He will need 38 points to pass Durant. Oklahoma City also picked up 15 points from  Serge Ibaka . Denver had the best of the bench scoring though, as three Nuggets had 10 points off the bench and their second unit totaled 35 points. Oklahoma City's bench players had 36 points in the fourth quarter alone Tuesday night against the Kings but could manage just 20 the entire game against Denver. The loss ended the Thunder's regular season and now they will wait to see if they will host Denver or Dallas in the first round of the playoffs. QUOTABLE:  "We're playing our best basketball right now (seven wins in the last nine games) and to do this in the month of April shows our guys have a pretty big heart."   -- Nuggets head coach  George Karl QUOTABLE II:  "Denver did a good job of establishing their pace and we allowed too many offensive rebounds and turned the ball over too much in the first quarter. After that we settled down, but it was a tough game and a tough loss."   -- Thunder head coach  Scott Brooks THE STAT:  Oklahoma City was 8-for-14 (57.1 percent) on 3-pointers in the first half. That turned around in the second half when OKC was just 2-for-10 (20 percent). Denver out-rebounded Oklahoma City 42-37 and dominated the offensive glass with 17 offensive rebounds. The Nuggets also dominated down low on offense out-scoring the Thunder 54-38 in the paint. Denver also scored a whopping 24 points off 18 OKC turnovers. The Nuggets gave the ball back just 11 times. TURNING POINT:  Oklahoma City had rallied to take a two-point lead into the fourth quarter by holding the Nuggets to just 16 points on 30 percent shooting in the third quarter. The Thunder led by six (86-80) early in the fourth and then Denver zipped out on a 14-2 run to lead 94-88 with six minutes to play. The Thunder got it close a couple of times but could never take the lead away from the Nuggets going down the stretch. QUOTABLE III:  "Three or four times in the last five games we've had leads here and managed to find a way to lose. We think we've played this team well. Sometimes we play better on the road. Win or lose we just need to play a good brand of basketball that we can be proud of."   -- Karl HOT:  Oklahoma City shot 60 percent (12-for-20) in the first quarter including 5-for-7 (71.4 percent) on 3-pointers ... Durant was 7-for-12 (20 points) in the first half, 4-for-5 on 3-pointers ... Westbrook was also 7-for-12 (16 points) in the first 24 minutes ... Lawson was 5-for-9 (13 points) at halftime ... The Nuggets had 34 points in the paint at the break ... Ibaka was 6-for-7 in the second half. NOT: Andre Miller  was 1-for-4 (2 points) in the first half ... Gallinari was 1-for-6 in the second half ... Westbrook was 1-for-6 in the fourth quarter ... The Thunder shot 38.9 percent in the fourth quarter (7-for-18) and just 1-for-7 on 3-pointers in the final frame. INSIDE THE ARENA:  The Thunder unveiled their 2011-12 Northwest Division Championship banner to the sold-out crowd inside Chesapeake Energy Arena ... the team also honored the Oklahoma State University womens basketball team. The Cowgirls won the school's first ever WNIT Championship this past season after losing their head coach,  Kurt Budke  and assistant coach  Miranda Serna  in a plane crash during a recruiting trip. GOOD MOVE:  In the third quarter OKC's  Thabo Sefolosha  grabbed a rebound and led a fast break back the other way. Sefolosha then found a streaking Durant coming in off the left wing with a bounce pass that split two Nugget defenders. Durant finished the play with a slam giving the Thunder a 74-71 lead. NOTABLE:  Thunder guard  James Harden  has been cleared to play by the NBA after suffering a concussion Sunday when he was hit in the head by  Metta World Peace . Brooks decided to keep Harden out of the lineup to give him another day to rest. Brooks told reporters Harden, "should be fine for the playoffs." ... Ibaka, the league leader in blocked shots, left the game in the third quarter after being knocked to the floor and bruising his right hip. He was taken to the locker room and returned to the game in the fourth quarter. UP NEXT:  For the Nuggets, Thursday @ Minnesota, Saturday or Sunday on the road for Game 1 in the First Round of the NBA Playoffs. For the Thunder, Saturday or Sunday hosting Game 1 in the First Round of the NBA Playoffs.  