  Pistons-Celtics notebook   By Brian Robb, for NBA.com Posted Sunday April 3, 2011 10:00PM THE FACTS:  The Boston Celtics shot a blistering 64.1 percent from the field, as they cruised to a comfortable 101-90 win over the Detroit Pistons. The victory was overshadowed by the brief return of  Shaquille O'Neal  to the floor after a 27-game absence. The return that was ultimately cut short due to a strained right calf that forced O'Neal into an early exit to the locker room in the second quarter. Despite the setback, the Celtics overcame the loss of O'Neal with a game-high 23 points from  Kevin Garnett .  Will Bynum  had 20 points for the visitors, who have now lost six of their last seven games. QUOTABLE:  "It's not the same injury as the Achilles. It's not a bad strain, but it's a strain. I don't think he will be out very long honestly."   --Boston coach  Doc Rivers THE STAT:  The Celtics hit a scintillating 78.9 percent of their shots (15-of-19) in the third quarter, which enabled them to outscore the Pistons by 15 points during the frame. TURNING POINT:  The nip-and-tuck affair was broken wide open by Boston in the closing moments of the third quarter, as the C's ran off a 13-0 run to push their lead to double digits. The Pistons got no closer than nine points the rest of the way. QUOTABLE II:  "Every game is important; we're trying to win out, trying to get ready for the playoffs. The most important thing though, is getting the team healthy now."   - Paul Pierce HOT:  Pierce. The Celtics' captain continues to be the model of efficency for Rivers, as he hit 7 of his 10 shot attempts, for 22 points to go along with six rebounds and three assists. Pierce has been a reliable contributor in all facets of the game lately, as he is averaging 22.8 points and 7.6 rebounds in his past five games. NOT:   Ben Gordon .  The shooting guard failed to live up to his role as a scorer off the bench, as he missed five of his six baskets, including all five from downtown in a two point outing for the reeling Pistons. Gordon's own struggles have coincided with his team's as he averaging just 3.6 points in his last five games. ROOKIE WATCH:   Greg Monroe  had a balanced all-around game with 11 points, 5 rebounds and 5 assists in 33 minutes of action. The former Georgetown star continues to be one of the few bright spots for Detroit during their tumultuous season. NOTABLE:  O'Neal impressed in his five and a half minutes of action of the floor, hitting all three of his shots before going down with the calf injury. The team will announce more on his status at Monday's practice.  Jermaine O'Neal  earned his first start at the center position for Boston since returning from right knee surgery last week. O'Neal grabbed five points and six rebounds in 17 minutes.  Glen Davis  played a team-high 36 minutes off the bench.  Rodney Stuckey  did not play due to a coach's decision. Detroit coach  John Kuester  confirmed the benching was due to an internal matter. "One of the things that happens is this is a growing process. In that growing process, he had a slight setback," Kuester said. Boston outrebounded Detroit 37-26. The Celtics had 21 turnovers and 15 fast break points. With the victory, Boston remains 1/2-game back of Miami for the second seed in the Eastern Conference. UP NEXT:  For the Pistons, Tuesday @ Washington, Wednesday vs. New Jersey, Friday vs. Milwaukee. For the Celtics, Tuesday vs. Philadelphia, @ Chicago, vs. Washington.  