Notebook:  Bobcats 92, Wizards 76 
 
 
 Derek Smith, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Nov 13, 2012 10:52 PM - Updated Wed Nov 14, 2012 12:16 AM 
 
 THE FACTS: Ramon Sessions  scored 21 points and  Kemba Walker  added 17 as the Charlotte Bobcats cruised past the Washington Wizards Tuesday night 92-76 at Time Warner Cable Arena. The loss sends the Wizards to 0-6 on the season and gives the Bobcats their first back-to-back victories since the final two games of the 2010-11 season.  Trevor Ariza  was the lone Washington player in double figures with 19 points.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We felt like we came out and played the way we should. We're making progress and showing that. We came out and protected our home court. This one was big for our young team. I just went out there and played my game and tried to do what I know how to."
 -- Charlotte guard Sessions 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Washington is averaging 16.2 turnovers and ranks almost at the bottom of the league in points per game (86.0) and field-goal percentage (39.5). The Wizards are shooting 33.3 percent in the fourth and have 28 fourth-quarter turnovers on the season. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Bobcats shutdown Washington in the final three minutes of the first half and took control of the game. Charlotte closed the half on a 12-2 run,  which was book-ended by points from Sessions and included four from  Byron Mullens . The Wizards were outscored 29-12 for the quarter and never got closer than seven the rest of the way.  
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:   Michael Kidd-Gilchrist  continues to play well and with energy for the Bobcats. MKG had 15 points and eight rebounds and added two assists and a blocked shot in the win. He is averaging 17.3 points and 8.7 rebounds in his last three games. Kidd-Gilchrist has been factors 
 
 HOT:   Walker. The second-year Charlotte guard is averaging 24.3 points on 44.6 percent shooting in victories and 12.7 on 39.5 percent from the field in their losses. 
 
 NOT:  The Wizards starting back court. Rookie  Bradley Beal , the No. 3 pick in the draft, scored just eight points on 1-for-11 shooting and no assists in only 22 minutes of action.  A.J. Price  didn't fare much better, with six points on 2-for-12 shooting.  
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:   Jeffrey Taylor  had a solid game for Charlotte with six points, six rebounds and four assists to go with a steal and a block. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Charlotte guard  Ben Gordon  missed Tuesday's game due to a family emergency.  Tyrus Thomas  scored in double figures for the second time this season and grabbed a season-high six rebounds. Both Sessions and Walker have scored in double figures in all six Charlotte games this year. The 76 points and 29.8 shooting percentage for Washington were both season lows for a Bobcats opponent. The 19 points from Ariza was a season-high.  Jordan Crawford  pulled down a season-best nine rebounds. The Wizards swept the Bobcats last season and lead the all-time series 19-14. Washington had its six game winning streak in the series snapped with the loss. Washington has 26 straight seasons with a losing streak of at least 5 games. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Wizards, Wednesday @ Dallas, Saturday vs. Utah and Monday vs. Indiana. For the Bobcats, Wednesday @ Minnesota, Saturday vs. Memphis and Monday vs. Milwaukee. 
