  Hornets-Sixers notebook   By Larry Holder, for NBA.com Posted Monday January 3, 2011 11:36PM THE FACTS: David West  scored a game-high 17 points and  Chris Paul  added 15 points as the New Orleans Hornets defeated the Philadelphia 76ers 84-77 on Monday night in the New Orleans Arena. The Hornets have won three games in a row, while the Sixers wrap up their eight-game road trip going 3-5. THE STAT:  Defense has been the key to the Hornets' success this season and it was no different Monday night as the Sixers shot only 34.1 percent from the field, which is the lowest percentage the Hornets have held a team this season. QUOTABLE:  "I think a lot of people talk about how we don't score a lot of points and things like that. We talk about it as a team and with coach. I think what happens is that we defend teams late into the shot clock so that takes away a lot of possessions. As long as we continue to get stops and get out in transition, that's when we're at our best."   --Paul defense being the calling card of the Hornets TURNING POINT:  The Hornets went on a 17-0 run late in the second quarter and spilled over into the third quarter. New Orleans went from trailing 40-31 with 3:27 left in the first half to leading 48-40 with 10:34 remaining in the third quarter after a  Marco   Belinelli  jumper. QUOTABLE II:  "We did all the things that we would have like to have done except we couldn't make a shot."   --Sixers coach  Doug Collins  on the key to the team's loss HOT:  The Hornets have held their last three opponents below 82 points, and in turn won their last three games. "Three is fine, but we've got to continue to get better," Paul said. "We're still a work in progress. We can't get on our high horse and think that we arrived or did anything. We still got to continue to get better. Golden State is a big game for us." NOT:  Sixers guard  Lou Williams  helped contribute to Philadelphia's bench shooting just 20 percent from the field as he went 1-of-11 to score three points. ROOKIE WATCH:  Sixers forward  Evan Turner , the No. 2 overall pick, was brutal from the floor going 2-of-14 in 32 minutes to only score seven points off the bench. NOTABLE:  Center  Marreese Speights  made his first start of the season for the Sixers in place of  Spencer Hawes , who was a late scratch with a mid-back strain. Speights played well going 5-of-8 from the floor for 12 points along with six rebounds. ... Hornets guard  Willie Green  played his first game in the New Orleans Arena since being away from the team because of the death of his sister and cousin. He was a spark off the bench scoring 11 points. ... 13,433 was the paid attendance for Monday's game. UP NEXT:  For the Sixers, Wednesday vs. Washington, Friday vs. Chicago, Saturday @ Detroit. For the Hornets, Wednesday vs. Golden State, Friday @ L.A. Lakers, Sunday @ Denver.  