
 Pistons-Wolves notebook   By Jim Beilby, for NBA.com Posted Friday December 10, 2010 11:37PM THE FACTS:  The Minnesota Timberwolves got their sixth win of the year on Friday night, defeating the Detroit Pistons 109-99, and they overcame a double-digit deficit to do it. The Detroit Pistons used tough defense and good shooting to build a 13-point first-quarter lead only to collapse offensively and defensively and drop their eight straight on the road. QUOTABLE:  "I thought our guys did a good job of just fighting through a mud wrestling type of game. They found a way to win and get the energy going, particularly late in the ballgame. But boy, it was tough getting the energy out of them from the start of the ballgame, start of the second half. ... We had a hard time just cranking things up at both ends of the floor. Eventually, the defense did a solid job and won the game for us."   -- Wolves coach  Kurt Rambis  on his team's slow start and eventual victory. THE STAT:   Rodney Stuckey  shot 5-for-16,  Tayshaun Prince  3-for-12,  Greg Monroe  3-for-9 and the Pistons shot 38.6 percent against a team that allows their opponents to score 109.4 points per game and shoot nearly 47 percent from the floor. TURNING POINT:  Detroit tied the game twice in the final quarter only to have Minnesota respond each time. With 5:41 to play and trailing by two,  Tracy McGrady  stole the ball from  Darko Milicic  and started a 3-on-1 break only to have  Luke Ridnour  intercept a Stuckey pass and make a 19-foot jumper on the other end. After a 3-pointer by Ridnour, a dunk by  Corey Brewer  and another 3-pointer by Ridnour, Minnesota had built a double-digit lead with 3:10 to play. After that the score never got closer than eight points. NOTABLE:  With 18 rebounds,  Kevin Love  recorded his ninth straight 15-plus rebound game, the longest streak since  Ben Wallace  did so in 14 straight during the 2002-03 season. Love leads the league with 15.5 rebounds per game and has averaged 18.6 rebounds over the last eight games. UP NEXT:  For the Wolves, Saturday @ Chicago, Tuesday @ Golden State, Wednesday @ Phoenix. For the Pistons, Saturday vs. Toronto, Tuesday vs. Atlanta, Friday vs. Clippers 
