  Notebook: Hawks 102, Wizards 88 Posted Friday March 16, 2012 11:14PM By Matt Winkeljohn, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  For quite a while the Hawks played like they were a little too happy to be home after a 1-4 road trip, but after a nearly defenseless first half Atlanta held Washington to 10 third-quarter points Friday and  Joe Johnson  scored 34 points to headline a 102-88 win. Both teams were under staffed, especially the Wizards. Washington was the team with energy early, though, moving to a 54-50 halftime lead on the strength of youth. With forward  Rashard Lewis  (sore left knee) still injured, and one day after trading centers  Ronny Turiaf  and  JaVale McGee  to Denver and forward  Nick Young  to the Clippers, Washington coach  Randy Wittman  had neither of the players acquired --  Nene  or  Brian Cook . They haven't joined the team yet. So for the second game in a row Wittman started rookie forward  Chris Singleton  (an Atlanta area native) and second-year players  John Wall, Trevor Booker, Jordan Crawford  and  Kevin Seraphin  (two games after he had a DNP-CD). Wall, who had 26 points and 12 assists Thursday in a win in New Orleans, ran circles around Atlanta in the first half while scoring 10 points with seven assists and five rebounds. Atlanta turned the defensive screws in the third quarter, and  Josh Smith  (23 points, eight rebounds) was in the middle of everything as the Hawks closed the period with a 15-4 run to lead 71-64. Washington made just 5-of-21 shots (23.8 percent) in the third period after making 21-of-39 in the first half (53.8 percent). Johnson hit 6-of-8 3-pointers in the game and Atlanta made 12-of-27 to put away the Wizards one night after they won in New Orleans. In the second half, Wall scored just four points on 2-for-7 shooting with two rebounds and two assists. He also had five of his nine turnovers after intermission. The Wizards made five 3-pointers in the first half, but missed all four of trey tries in the second. The Hawks hit six long balls in each half. Booker led Washington with 18 points and with nine rebounds. QUOTABLE:  "Normally, when we come back from the West coast, we have a couple days to recuperate (Atlanta last played Wednesday, in L.A., against the Clippers). We came in and probably were a little flat early. When we finally found our stride, we were able to play some defense."  --  Josh Smith. QUOTABLE II:  "I told the guys at halftime it was ridiculous."  --  Hawks head coach  Larry Drew , regarding his team's first-half defensive effort. THE STAT:  19/22 to 30/11 -- these were the assist-to-turnover ratios for each team, Washington first and Atlanta second. The Hawks scored 37 points off Washington's miscues, and the Wizards scored a much more modest 11 points of Atlanta's mistakes. All the Washington turnovers helped the Hawks tie their season-high with 30 fast-break points. TURNING POINT:  Washington led 60-56 after Wall's put-back dunk with 4:50 left in the third quarter. From there, it was downhill for the visitors as Smith soon became hyper-active in a good way (for Atlanta). He had a dunk at the 4:09 mark, then picked off a Wall pass and assisted Joe Johnson's 3-point shot (for a 61-60 lead), and then rebounded a Wall miss. Atlanta never trailed nor was tied again. QUOTABLE III:  "We were two totally different teams. In the second half, we over-dribbled the ball. You can't be one team one half and then different in the second. We threw the ball all over the place befroe we even looked to pass . . . I can't say the Hawks beat us because we played poor defensively; it was strictly a loss by how we . . . played offensively in the second half."  --  Wittman. HOT:  Johnson scored 15 points in the first quarter by making 6-of-7 shots, including all three 3-point tries. Since missing multiple games because of tendinitis in his left knee, he has averaged 25.2 points and made 43-of-85 shots (50.6 percent) and 17-of-34 3-pointers (50 percent). . . . With 10 points and 10 rebounds, Hawks center  Zaza Pachulia  registered his third double-double in the past four games. He also had a career-high seven assists -- several coming on kick-outs from the post for 3-pointers by teammates. . . . Smith has scored 20 or more points in eight of Atlanta's past nine games. . . . Seraphin has gone 5-for-7 from the field in consecutive games while making his second and third starts of the season. He also grabbed nine and seven rebounds in those games. NOT:  Hawks guard  Kirk Hinrich  has made just 3-of-13 shots in the past two games and a 2-for-8 outing Friday. . . .  Jordan Crawford  scored 19, 15 and 17 points in Washington's three previous games, but upon returning to Atlanta -- which traded him last season to Washington -- he was just 2-for-9 for six points. . . . Fellow former Hawk  Maurice Evans , who was also in the trade that brought Hinrich to Atlanta, made just 1-of-5 shots and in the past two contests he's made just 3-of-14. NOTABLE:  Washington officials are hopeful that Cook will join the team in time for Sunday's game in Memphis, and they believe Nene will be available for Wednesday's game at New Jersey. Both appear to be subject to change. "They're NBA players, and we don't have to wait on anyone," Wittman said. . . . Atlanta has beaten Washington eight straight time in Philips Arena, last losing at home to the Wizards on Jan. 11, 2008. . . . The Hawks are 14-2 with Johnson scored 20 or more points, and 14-3 when Smith scores 20 or more points. . . . Hawks reserve guard  Willie Green  missed his ninth straight game because of a combination of back spasms and a hamstring strain. . . . Atlanta small forward  Marvin Williams  missed his second straight game because of a hip flexor. . . . With one offensive rebound Friday, Smith is tied with  Dikembe Mutombo  for sixth in franchise history with 1,228. UP NEXT:  For the Wizards, Sunday @ Grizzlies, Wednesday @ Nets, Thursday vs. Pacers. For the Hawks, Sunday @ Cavs, Monday vs. Celtics, Wednesday vs. Cavs.  