  Suns-Nets notebook   By Jake Appleman, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday March 1, 2011 12:32AM THE FACTS:  After a crazy finish to regulation, the Suns nipped the Nets in overtime when a  Kris Humphries  tip-in of a  Deron Williams  missed runner was ruled after the final horn. That split-second difference spoiled Williams' (13 points, 18 assists, 5-for-14 from the field) Nets debut. A wing 3-pointer from  Channing Frye  (seven points, eight rebounds) with 6.6 seconds remaining provided the final margin.  Marcin Gortat  (17 points, five rebounds) starred for Phoenix while  Brook Lopez  (28 points, 10 rebounds) and  Anthony Morrow 's nine points in 22 seconds were huge for the Nets. QUOTABLE:  "That's ridiculous, that's the worst basketball game I've seen down the stretch. That was horrible. We are lucky as anything to win the game, to tell the truth and be honest with you."    -- Suns coach  Alvin Gentry     THE STAT:  The starting point guards Williams and  Steve Nash  combined for 33 assists. TURNING POINT:  Morrow's nine points in 22 seconds pushed the game into overtime, but it was Frye burying the three that proved decisive. QUOTABLE II:  "We put in a whole new offense this morning. I never put in an offense on the day of the game, and it worked so good."    -- Nets coach  Avery Johnson , on the team adjusting to Williams' arrival and the immediate dividends paid FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Sometimes there's not much to putting the ball in the basket when you can fly like  Hakim Warrick  (16 points, seven rebounds, five dunks). INSIDE THE ARENA:  Former Net  Vince Carter  received a modest ovation during player introductions. ... Speaker of the House  Gary Sussman  returned to announcing the game's starting lineups, taking over for hype man  Marco G.  ...  Jay-Z , rocking a crisp pair of Jordan III's, sat a few seats down from the Nets bench with his wife  Beyonce.  ...  Michael Strahan  sat courtside and was shown on the Jumbotron. ... Late in the third quarter, Nash went careening into the front row trying to save a loose ball and bopped a fan incidentally. The Suns retained possession. ... Sections of the crowd serenaded Williams with a "DER-ON WILL-IAMS" chant. ROOKIE WATCH: Damion James  (six points, career-high eight rebounds, three steals and a floor burn or two) was active on defense, but hesitant to shoot the ball. NOTABLE:   Brook Lopez  and his twin brother  Robin Lopez  (14 points, four rebounds) were tied up for a jump ball at 9:41 in the first quarter. ...  Travis Outlaw  turned boos into cheers within seconds of entering the game by canning a wing jumper. ...  Sasha Vujacic  sank a running heave from just inside midcourt at the end of the first quarter. ... Late in the first half, Humphries (16 points, 15 rebounds) blocked a dunk attempt from Robin Lopez -- at the height of their respective jumps -- to the delight of the crowd. ... A personal 5-0 run from  Aaron Brooks  gave the Suns an 81-73 lead in the fourth quarter, which appeared decisive until Morrow went off in the final minute-plus of regulation. ... Williams became the first player in Nets franchise history to record a double-double in each of his first three games. ... Frye's game-winner was his second in as many contests. UP NEXT:  For the Suns, Wednesday @ Boston, Friday @ Milwaukee, Sunday @ Oklahoma City. For the Nets, Friday vs. Toronto (in London), Saturday vs. Toronto (in London), Wed. 3/9 vs. Golden State.  