  Notebook: Heat 93, Rockets 85 Posted Sunday April 22, 2012 9:35PM By Shandel D. Richardson, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The Miami Heat rallied from a 13-point, first-half deficit to defeat the Houston Rockets 97-88 Sunday at AmericanAirlines Arena. The Heat, playing without guard  Dwyane Wade  and forward  Chris Bosh , turned to  LeBron James  in the regular-season home finale. James finished with a game-high 32 points, eight rebounds and five assists. James sealed it with a baseline jam that made it 93-85 with under a minute remaining. The victory keeps the Heat's slim hopes alive of earning the top seed in the Eastern Conference. They trail the Chicago Bulls by two games. Miami would have to win out while the Bulls lose their remaining games against the Indiana Pacers and Cleveland Cavaliers. The Rockets, meanwhile, had their postseason hopes dashed with the loss. Houston was led by rookie forward  Chandler Parsons'  23 points and six rebounds. QUOTABLE:  "Those are the kind of wins that coaches like where there's segments of the game where it's tough, it's ugly. We went through a few spells offensively where the ball wasn't going in. We had to stay in it mentally ... We had to get some easy ones and then break it open at the end."  --  Heat head coach  Erik Spoelstra . THE STAT:  The Heat outscored the Rockets 31-19 in the decisive fourth quarter. TURNING POINT:  The Rockets led 79-73 with 6:31 remaining before James took over in the fourth quarter. QUOTABLE II:  "We had our chances to win. The game was kind of in the balance, it was 83 all at the three-minute mark and had a time out. LeBron hit a big 3-pointer in the slot and then Mike Miller hit a three in front of our bench."  --  Rockets head coach  Kevin McHale . HOT:  Parsons turned in a career night in his home state. The former Florida Gator kept the Rockets alive with his outside shooting in what has turned out to be a solid rookie season. He was 10-of-13 from the field. NOT:  It wasn't the best of shooting nights for Heat forwards  James Jones  and  Udonis Haslem , who combined to hit 2-of-16 from the field. GOOD MOVE:  With Wade and Bosh sitting, the Heat continued to work out their rotation kinks. Swingman  Mike Miller  and forward  Udonis Haslem  received valuable minutes that should be beneficial once the postseason begins. BAD MOVE:  The Heat were without three starters, yet somehow the Rockets were unable to capitalize. The performance was especially disappointing considering Houston had so much on the line. It will miss the playoffs for the third straight year. NOTABLE:  Heat center  Ronny Turiaf  did not play for the seventh straight because of a hamstring injury. Bosh is expected to return for the regular season ends, possibly for Tuesday's game against Celtics. Guard  Mario Chalmers  missed the game because of the flu. The Rockets announced  Kyle Lowry  (sports hernia) and  Kevin Martin  (shoulder) are done for the season. UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Tuesday @ Celtics, Thursday @ Wizards. For the Rockets, Thursday @ Rockets.  