  Notebook: Magic 99, Bulls 94 Posted Thursday March 8, 2012 11:39PM By Kent McDill, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  After losing to the Charlotte Bobcats on Tuesday, the Orlando Magic went into Chicago and beat the Bulls 99-94, ending the home team's eight-game winning streak. The Magic took an 18-point lead in the second quarter but the Bulls fought back and enjoyed two-point lead for just 55 seconds in the fourth quarter.  Dwight Howard  had a double-double by halftime and finished with 29 points and 18 rebounds for Orlando.  Carlos Boozer  finished with 26 points to lead the Bulls. TURNING POINT:  After trailing by 18 points early in the second quarter, the Bulls closed the half with an 18-5 run, getting 3-pointers from  Kyle Korver ,  Luol Deng  and  Derrick Rose's  buzzer-beater, to close within five points at halftime. The second half was tight until  Ryan Anderson  hit a 3-pointer to break a 91-91 tie with 1:27 remaining. The Bulls missed six straight shots before Boozer scored with just 4.4 seconds left. QUOTABLE:  "We took the loss (to Charlotte) hard. This was a big win. We wanted to show how good we are."   --  Orlando forward Anderson. THE STAT:  Against the best rebounding team in the league, Orlando won the board battle 49-40, including 17 offensive rebounds. The Magic had three offensive boards in the last 90 seconds of the game. THE STAT II:  The Magic shot 75 percent in the first quarter and made 6-of-8 3-pointers to build a 37-22 lead at the break. TURNING POINT:  After trailing by 18 points early in the second quarter, the Bulls closed the half with an 18-5 run, getting late 3-pointers from Korver, Deng and Rose's buzzer-beater, to close within five points at halftime. INJURY UPDATE: C.J. Watson  (ankle) and  Rip Hamilton  (shoulder) did not play for the Bulls, although Bulls head coach  Tom Thibodeau  said Watson is getting close to returning. Orlando's  Jason Richardson  suffered a left knee injury with two minutes left in the game. HOT:  Bulls backup forward  Taj Gibson  made six of seven shots for 14 points. NOT:  Bulls forward Deng, whose shooting has been suspect since suffering a wrist injury in February, was 1-for-9 from the field. QUOTABLE II:  "Kyle (Korver) had some wide open shots, his shot. I can live with that all day. He's a great shooter and had it on line. It doesn't go in. I can live with that.''   --  Thibodeau. NOTABLE:  Thursday's game was the start of a six-game homestand for the Bulls. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, vs. the Jazz Saturday, vs. the Knicks Monday, vs. the Heat Wednesday. For the Magic, vs. Pacers Sunday, vs. Heat Tuesday, @ Spurs Wednesday.  