  Clippers-Rockets notebook   By Matt Miller, for NBA.com Posted Sunday April 10, 2011 12:02AM THE FACTS:  The Houston Rockets are not going to the playoffs, but they will finish the season as a winning team. Chase Budinger  scored 16 points and grabbed a season-high-tying nine rebounds to lead six Rockets in double figures, as Houston clinched its eighth winning season in the last nine years with a 99-78 victory over the Los Angeles Clippers on Saturday at Toyota Center.  Kevin Martin  and  Brad Miller  each added 16 points, five assists and five rebounds for the Rockets (42-38), who snapped a two-game slide and have won eight of their last nine at home. Eric Gordon  scored a game-high 19 points to pace L.A. (31-50), which has dropped six of its last seven road games and five of seven overall.  Blake Griffin  posted his 62nd double-double of the season with 13 points and 10 rebounds, but he failed to make a serious imprint on this contest while matching up with defensive stalwart  Chuck Hayes . QUOTABLE:  "He's smart. He knows what he's out there to do and what angles to take away from you. ... You wouldn't think he's your typical shut-down big man, but he's so strong and gets the job done."   -- Griffin on going against Hayes THE STAT:  Saturday's victory ensures that the Rockets will miss the playoffs with a winning record in back-to-back seasons for the first time in franchise history. TURNING POINT:  Griffin's struggles against Hayes essentially removed a key element of the Clippers' offense, leaving L.A. reeling on that end of the court for most of the night. Despite shooting 33.0 percent and handing out only four assists through the first 12:30 of Saturday's game, the Clippers trailed 31-28 with 7:24 left before halftime. But Houston's offense found a spark with crisp ball movement, dishing out seven assists on nine buckets during a 21-2 run that stretched its lead to 52-30 with 2:08 remaining in the second quarter. L.A. trailed by double digits the rest of the way. QUOTABLE II:  "Since the break, we've been playing great team-energy basketball. ... You can see it in our chemistry, and you can see it in just how much fun we are having. ... We are going to finish the season strong, and we will continue to have fun as we go along."   -- Hayes on closing the season in a positive manner even though a playoff spot is out of reach HOT:  Houston won for the 18th consecutive time when allowing less than 100 points. These 18 opponents have averaged only 88.3 points on 41.0 percent shooting and 17.6 assists. NOT:  Griffin made a few of his trademark dunks, but aside from that, he generated little offensively. The likely Rookie of the Year made just six of 18 shots and rarely created separation from Hayes with his first step toward the basket. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Gordon's point total in Saturday's contest was productive, but his shooting (7-for-20) was quite the opposite. Still, Gordon finished with six assists and four steals to cap a solid performance for his fantasy owners. ROOKIE WATCH:  L.A. forward  Al-Farouq Aminu  settled for outside jumpers and difficult reverse layups en route to a 2-for-11 performance, and he did not impact the game much defensively. The rookie out of Wake Forest finished with five points, five rebounds, one block and one steal in 24-plus minutes of action. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Martin and L.A. center  DeAndre Jordan  bumped chests and exchanged pleasantries after Jordan committed a hard foul on a Martin 3-point attempt during the third period. The referees and players helped squash the altercation before it became violent. GOOD MOVE:  Houston played without starters  Kyle Lowry  (sore left foot) and  Luis Scola  (sore left knee) and still won with ease. With no playoff spots remaining for the Rockets to claim, they avoided an emotional letdown while giving key players much-needed rest. NOTABLE:  Houston coach  Rick Adelman  (944 career victories) moved into a tie with  Bill Fitch  for eighth all-time on the NBA regular-season coaching wins list. QUOTABLE III:  "Looking back on it, it's pretty neat. ... It's really been something ... passing two guys and tying one with this group, because they've played so well."   -- Adelman on moving from 11th place to a tie for eighth in all-time regular-season coaching victories this season. NOTABLE II:  Clippers center  Chris Kaman  (sprained right knee) and guard  Eric Bledsoe  (team suspension) also missed Saturday's contest. ... The Clippers have lost 12 of their last 15 meetings with the Rockets. ... Houston set a season best for lowest field-goal percentage allowed as L.A. shot 34.7 percent overall. ... Rockets guard Goran Dragic grabbed a career-high 10 rebounds to go with his 14 points. ... Houston pulled down a season-high 58 rebounds. ... Houston improved to 6-1 this season when its opponent shoots worse than 40 percent from the floor. ... The Rockets are now 21-1 when they allow 97 points or less. ... Houston jumped to 9-2 when it snatched at least 50 boards. ... L.A. is 15-10 at home against Western-Conference opponents but fell to 3-23 on the road against the West. ... The Clippers dropped to 1-17 when they score less than 90 points. ... L.A. is now 2-14 on the road when its opponent grabs more rebounds. ... Hayes has pulled down double-digit rebounds in a career-best five consecutive games. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Wednesday vs. Memphis (ESPN). For the Rockets, Monday vs. Dallas, Wednesday @ Minnesota.  