  Notebook: Cavaliers 93, Kings 92 Posted Sunday February 19, 2012 11:11PM By Brian Dulik, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Rookie point guard  Kyrie Irving  made two free throws with 0.4 seconds left, giving the Cleveland Cavaliers a 93-92 victory over the Sacramento Kings at Quicken Loans Arena. Irving scored 23 points to lead the Cavaliers, who also got 21 points and eight rebounds from power forward  Antawn Jamison , and 12 rebounds apiece from small forward  Omri Casspi  and center  Tristan Thompson . Point guard  Isaiah Thomas  played a terrific all-around game for the Kings with career highs of 23 points, eight rebounds and 11 assists, while shooting guard  Marcus Thornton  had 21 points and a season-best 10 boards. QUOTABLE:  "I felt like it was a routine situation for me. There was a little bit of pressure, but I was prepared for it. I just imagined myself in my backyard, honestly, shooting my free throws. I'm just glad the situation worked out like that, where I got to the free throw line."  --  Irving. THE STAT:  Thomas statistically outplayed No. 1 overall draft pick Irving in just the second start of his career. Thomas -- the 60th and final selection in the 2011 NBA Draft -- was 8-for-16 from the field, 3-for-7 beyond the arc, and 4-for-5 from the foul line in a career-high 43 minutes. Irving shot 8-for-21, including 2-of-4 on 3-pointers, and 5-for-5 on free throws with one assist in 39 minutes. "He was the No. 1 pick and I was the last pick, I would be lying if I said I wasn't thinking about it," Thomas said. "I mean, why not? That's extra motivation. He's a great player and a great talent." TURNING POINT : Sacramento took a 92-91 lead with 2.9 seconds left when center  DeMarcus Cousins  blew by Jamison for a baseline layup, only to have small forward  Tyreke Evans  commit a game-losing foul after Cleveland inbounded the ball at midcourt. Evans made contact with Irving as he drove toward the lane with 0.4 ticks remaining, drawing a whistle from referee  Bennie Adams . Irving made both freebies, and the Kings were unable to get off a final shot on their final possession. "I can't answer (what I thought of the call), my wife will be mad with what happens," Kings coach  Keith Smart  said. "I just saw a good defensive play, that's all." QUOTABLE II:  "I think we got a little lucky tonight, that's all I can say. We wanted to give Kyrie the ball and see if he can create a shot. We had enough time where we thought he would be able to get the ball and have a dribble or two. Luckily for us, Evans decided to foul him."  --  Cavaliers head coach  Byron Scott . HOT:  Thomas is averaging 18.0 points, 6.0 rebounds and 7.5 assists while shooting 54.5 percent in his first two starts for the Kings. ... Cousins had 19 points and nine rebounds in 26 aggressive minutes. ... Fourth overall draft pick Thompson posted his first NBA double-double for the Cavaliers with 15 points and a game-high tying 12 boards. ... Casspi's 12 rebounds were a career high. ... Backup point guard  Ramon Sessions  collected 14 points, six rebounds and five assists for Cleveland. ... Irving is shooting 84.6 percent from the foul line on the season, which ranks 23rd in the NBA and third among rookies. NOT:  Kings power forward  J.J. Hickson  missed a dunk as part of an 0-for-3 shooting performance, scored zero points in 16 minutes off the bench, and fouled Jamison as he made a 3-pointer. Hickson was traded by the Cavaliers last summer in exchange for Casspi and a protected lottery pick. ... Irving fouled Thomas on a successful 3-pointer, allowing him to convert a rare four-point play (Jamison missed his opportunity to do so). ... Cleveland released point guard  Ben Uzoh  from his 10-day contract after the game. He averaged 2.0 points and 2.0 rebounds in two contests. QUOTABLE III:  "A lot of our losses have been tough, but this is one of the toughest. We know we had it. To lose this way is heartbreaking. That's the thing we have to work on, (making) no turnovers in the last two minutes, no stupid fouls."  --  Kings point guard Thomas. GOOD MOVE:  After starting center  Semih Erden  failed to score or grab a rebound in the first half, Scott gave Thompson the bulk of his minutes over the final two quarters. The Canadian native equaled his season high with seven offensive boards, blocked three shots, and shot 6-for-10. "I've just been doing what I've been doing," Thompson said. "I'm trying to grab every rebound, block every shot, and run the floor. It wasn't the prettiest game, but I'm glad we got the win." Thompson is averaging 7.2 points and 8.4 rebounds since returning from a left ankle sprain five games ago. BAD MOVE:  A timekeeping error gave the Kings two chances to win or tie the game with 0.4 seconds left. With Cleveland leading 93-92, the clock was incorrectly started when Evans' inbounds pass from midcourt hit the rim (not when Cousins subsequently touched it), allowing time to expire before Sacramento got off a shot. Officials  Eddie F. Rush ,  Kevin Cutler  and Adams correctly reset the clock to 0.4 and allowed the Kings to inbound the ball for a second time. Cousins again took the pass, but his wing jumper drew backboard and iron -- and was ruled to have come after the buzzer. NOTABLE:  There were 19 lead changes and 17 ties. ... Irving and Thomas both scored 12 points in the first quarter. ... The Cavaliers are 3-3 during their franchise-record nine-game homestand, while the Kings fell to 0-4 on their six-game road trip. ... Cleveland took a 53-52 all-time lead in the series. ... Irving will play with Cousins on  Charles Barkley's  team in the BBVA Rising Stars Challenge, while Thompson was chosen by  Shaquille O'Neal's  squad. ... Smart went 9-31 as interim coach of the Cavaliers in 2002-2003, replacing  John Lucas  at midseason. UP NEXT:  For the Kings, Tuesday @ Miami, Wednesday @ Washington, Feb. 28 vs. Utah. For the Cavaliers, Tuesday vs. Detroit, Wednesday vs. New Orleans, Feb. 28 vs. Boston.  