  Notebook: Magic 103, Suns 93 Posted Wednesday March 21, 2012 11:01PM By Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com THE FACTS:   Dwight Howard  dominated his former backup,  Marcin Gortat , and the Orlando Magic bounced back from an embarrassing loss with a 103-93 victory over the Phoenix Suns. Howard had 28 points and 16 rebounds and shut out Gortat in the first half. Ryan Anderson  scored a game-high 29 points for the Magic, who led by was many as 22 in the fourth quarter. Jared Dudley  led the Suns with 17 points. THE STAT:  Marcin Gortat, the Suns' leading scorer and rebounder, finished with four points and three rebounds. He did not score until making a couple of free throws with 8:49 left in the third quarter. QUOTABLE:  "[Howard] just had a good game. I mean, he was himself . . . He basically destroyed me and the whole team so that's what happened. I tried to hold up to him in the first half and then in the second half, I kind of fell asleep and he started scoring like crazy."   -- Suns center Marcin Gortat. TURNING POINT:  The Suns were hanging around until the end of the third quarter when two baskets, two free throws and three rebounds by  Glen Davis  stretched the Magic's lead to 19. HOT:  Ryan Anderson added to his league-leading total of 3-point field goals (132), making seven in 12 attempts. NOT:   Jason Richardson  missed all seven of his shots for the Magic and is 7-for-27 over the last three games. QUOTABLE II:  "He [Jason Richardson] can't put the ball in the basket right now and that's a problem for us."   -- Magic coach  Stan Van Gundy . ROOKIE WATCH:   Markieff Morris  played 26 minutes for the Suns, putting up nine points and three rebounds. WHAT'S NEXT?:  As if to demonstrate the bipolar nature of this hectic NBA season, in a 15-day span the Magic: a) lost by 16 points to Charlotte; b) beat the Bulls, who had a healthy  Derrick Rose , in Chicago; c) beat Miami impressively and lost to the Heat unimpressively; d) gave up 122 points in a loss at San Antonio; e) scored 59 points in an embarrassing loss to the Bulls (without Rose) at home; f) two days later, scored 103 in a win over Phoenix. QUOTABLE II:  "They're playing as well as anybody in the East. Last time I checked when you have almost 30 wins on your resume in a shortened season, that should be alright. I don't know what everybody here is complaining about."   -- Suns coach  Alvin Gentry , who caught the Magic on one of their good nights. NOTABLE:  NBA assist leader  Steve Nash  had only two assists in 27 minutes . . . The Magic turned the ball over 76 times in their last four games. UP NEXT:  For the Suns: Friday @ Indiana, Sunday @ Cleveland, Tuesday vs. San Antonio. For the Magic, Friday vs. Cleveland, Monday @ Toronto, Wednesday @ New York.  