  Notebook: Kings 88, Spurs 86   By Tim Price, for NBA.com Posted Saturday January 21, 2012 12:31AM THE FACTS:   Tyreke Evans  hit 10-of-19 shots and scored 23 points in 43 minutes (he added 11 rebounds and seven assists) and the Sacramento Kings won consecutive games for the first time this season in an 88-86 victory over the San Antonio Spurs on Friday at AT&T Center. The Spurs (10-6) had won four of their last five, and it was their first home loss of the season in 10 tries. The Kings (6-10) had  DeMarcus Cousins  (17 points, 13 rebounds) and  Jason Thompson  (10 points, 10 rebounds) join Evans with double-doubles. Danny Green  missed a final shot for the Spurs when he drove around  Tim Duncan  in the final five seconds and tried one in the lane from inside five feet. The play was similar to one that worked Wednesday night in Orlando when Green drove and dumped back to Duncan for an easy layup late in the game. QUOTABLE:   "We just kept pushing the ball. Once we pushed the ball and played like that, we can beat anybody. It shows what type of team we have. We have all the pieces to the puzzle. We just have to go out there and play hard for 48 minutes, and this shows what type of team we can be."    -- Evans THE STAT:  Sacramento scored only 15 points in the fourth quarter, but the Kings made five of their last six shots from the floor compared to the Spurs missing their final five shots. TURNING POINT:  The Kings had a 15-point lead early in the second quarter and blew a nine-point lead late in the third quarter. They looked to have lost all momentum when they trailed 84-78 with 3:51 to go. But their comeback was ignited by  John Salmons . Though he had hit 1-of-5 up to that point in the game, he hit a pair of jumpers over  Richard Jefferson  to tie the game with 1:23 remaining. The next trip down the floor Evans hit a pull-up jumper from 22 feet to give the Kings enough to win. QUOTABLE II:  "They just never went away the whole game, and we couldn't hit a shot."    --  Tony Parker , who led the Spurs with 24 points but complained about the team shooting 37.8 percent on the night. HOT:  Cousins' 17-point, 13-rebound night (he was 7-of-12) came in 15 less minutes of playing time than his teammate Evans. Cousins, called for three fouls in the first half plus a technical that showed his frustration, also had four offensive rebounds and four steals. NOT:  The beat goes on for Kings first-round pick  Jimmer Fredette . He hit his first shot of the night, a three, and missed his next three shots. He's 2-of-12 overall in the past two games and 2-of-11 from the 3-point line in the past five games. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Evans' 23-point, 11-rebound and seven-assist night broke him out of nasty slump. He was 10-of-19 against the Spurs, but he came into the game hitting 7 of his last 33 from the floor and a total of only 20 points in his last three games. GOOD MOVE:  With the game out there on the table and wide open, the Kings stuck with their best creator on offense. Evans played all of the fourth quarter and all but six seconds of the third when he hit all three shots from the floor and had five rebounds. BAD MOVE:  Duncan came out of the game with a little less than three minutes left in the third quarter for  Tiago Splitter  and did not return until the final play of the game and Green's miss. But Spurs coach  Gregg Popovich , seeing a trip to Houston for the second game of a back-to-back Saturday, said "the group that was out there (without Duncan on the floor) was blitzing a doing a great job. They got us back in the game and and got us a six-point lead at one point." ROOKIE WATCH:   Kawhi Leonard  had a string of five-straight games with double-figure scoring, but he's gone the past two games with six points total. The Spurs' other rookie,  Cory Joseph , had a missed shot and turnover in almost six minutes of play and was moved over to off-guard on some occasions to allow  Gary Neal  to run the backup point. Kings rookie  Isaiah Thomas  took four shots -- all threes -- and missed all of them. NOTABLE:  This is the first time the Kings have won in San Antonio since April 2006, breaking a nine-game losing streak at AT&T Center. Also, the Spurs had won 12 in a row overall in this series. ... In their first of consecutive victories the Kings rallied from 14 points down to beat Indiana. They limited the Pacers to eight fourth-quarter points and tonight kept the Spurs to 19 in the final quarter, San Antonio's worst output of the game. UP NEXT:  For the Kings, Saturday @ Memphis, Monday @ Portland, Wednesday vs. Denver. For the Spurs, Saturday @ Houston, Monday @ New Orleans, Wednesday vs. Atlanta.  