Notebook: Spurs 76, Warriors 74 
 
 
 Andrew McNeill, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Nov 09, 2013 12:15 AM - Updated Sat Nov 09, 2013 12:15 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  The San Antonio Spurs shot just 39.2 percent but still managed to beat the Golden State Warriors 76-74. 
 
 THE LEAD:  It was a horrid shooting night for both teams as neither club managed to shoot more than 41 percent from the floor and combined for 34 turnovers. 
 
 Tony Parker  led the offensive charge for the Spurs, scoring 18 points on 7-for-14 shooting. The only other Spur in double-figures was  Kawhi Leonard  with 13 on 6-for-8 from the field. 
 
 Toney Douglas  was the game's leading scorer, coming off the Golden State bench to post 21 points on 8-for-14 shooting.  Klay Thompson  struggled to score on this night, going 5-for-16 from the floor and scoring just 11 points. 
 
 Andre Iguodala  had a chance to send the game to overtime, but missed a shot from nine feet away as time expired. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "The truth is that if you had told me we would have finished 76-74, I would have said 'no way.' "  --  Spurs guard  Manu Ginobili. 
 
 
 THE STAT : The Warriors allowed San Antonio to grab six offensive rebounds in the fourth quarter. The failure to get defensive stops late was a big reason the Warriors never got over the hump. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  With 2:23 left in the game, the Warriors cut the Spurs' lead to two points on a pair of  David Lee  free throws. On the ensuing San Antonio possession, Ginobili secured the offensive rebound on a missed 19-footer from Parker. The Spurs pulled down three offensive rebounds over the next two minutes to help San Antonio preserve its slim lead. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "It's a long season and every with Steph out, we still had a chance to win the game. Shows the type of team we have and how much depth we have on this team. The sky is the limit."  --  Warriors guard  Toney Douglas. 
 
 
 HOT:  Leonard hit six of his eight shots en route to 13 points for the Spurs. He was the only player to shoot above 50 percent for San Antonio. 
 
 NOT:  San Antonio shot 9-for-18 from the free throw line in the win, including two missed free throws with 16.4 seconds left and the Spurs clinging to a two-point lead. 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Lee put up a double-double with 13 points, 10 rebounds and five assists for Golden State. Leonard added seven rebounds, four steals and two assists to his 13 point night for the Spurs. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Warriors guard  Stephen Curry  didn't play after suffering a left ankle bone bruise in the third quarter of Golden State's win over Minnesota. The team hopes he'll be available for their game in Memphis on Saturday night.  Matt Bonner  missed his second straight game for the Spurs with tightness in his calf. Spurs big man  Aron Baynes  and Warriors center  Jermaine O'Neal  each received technical fouls in the second quarter after a small confrontation.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Warriors, Saturday @ Memphis, Tuesday vs. Detroit, Thursday vs. Oklahoma City. For the Spurs, Sunday @ New York, Monday @ Philadelphia, Wednesday vs. Washington. 
