  Notebook: Knicks 101, Pistons 79 Posted Saturday March 24, 2012 11:24PM By Joshua Newman, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Coming off their first loss under interim head coach  Mike Woodson  on Friday evening, the New York Knicks quickly regained the momentum of the last week on Saturday evening. Amar'e Stoudemire  led four players in double figures with a team-high 17 points on 7-for-10 shooting from the floor as the Knicks have now won six of seven games under Woodson thanks to a 101-79 victory over the Detroit Pistons. Carmelo Anthony  and  Tyson Chandler  each scored 15 points, while  Jeremy Lin  added 13 in the win. Chandler also hauled in a game-high 17 rebounds to tie his season-high. New York native  Ben Gordon  scored a game-high 20 to pace the Pistons. The win took an ominous tone in the fourth quarter when Stoudemire went back to the locker room with a sore lower back. QUOTABLE:  "It just got a little tight, so we took precautionary measures. It was just muscular tightness. We always keep an eye on it, make sure it's always loose and if there's tightness, I let the trainers know."  --  Stoudemire on his back, which hampered him during the Knicks' sweep out of the first round of the playoffs last season at the hands of the Boston Celtics. THE STAT:  The Knicks badly outrebounded the Pistons, 54-30, and it was Chandler setting the tone early on the glass. The 11th year forward registered his 14th double-double and 20th game of at least 10 rebounds on Saturday evening. The 7-foot-1 Chandler, acquired via free agency after the lockout ended, had eight boards after just the first quarter. The Knicks moved to 16-9 on the season when they outrebound their opponent. TURNING POINT:  After a sloppy showing from both sides, the Knicks took for good just past the midway point of the second quarter with a 13-0 run. With the game tied at 31, a 6-foot jumper from Stoudemire and two free throws each from Chandler and Lin extended to a 37-31 lead. A short time later, Lin knocked down a long 3-pointer for a 44-31 lead with 2:33 to go before halftime. HOT:  Gordon, who hails from just north of New York City in Mount Vernon, is averaging 25 points per game over his last three outings. That includes the 20 he scored on Saturday and a 45-point outburst on Wednesday against the Denver Nuggets. In that game, Gordon shot 9-for-9 from 3-point range and 10-for-11 from the foul line. Against the Knicks on Saturday, he was 7-for-13 from the field, including 4-for-8 from deep. NOT:  Mired in one of the worst scoring slumps of his career, Anthony scored just 15 points on 5-for-12 shooting, although he was 4-for-5 from the floor in the second half. The 15 points marks the seventh straight game in which the team's leading scorer has failed to crack the 20-point mark. QUOTABLE II:  "I wish I could answer that question. I'm not worried about that. I've been around this game for a long time, it happens. I'm not too concerned about it at this point,"  --  Anthony on his offensive slump. QUOTABLE III:  "I opened up the second half with two plays to get Carmelo closer to the bucket and he delivered both times, as a coach, I have to help him. That's my job. I'm willing to continue to work with him and try to put him in the best position possible to be successful to help us win."  --  Woodson on trying to get Anthony going offensively. ROOKIE WATCH:  None of the Knicks rookies had much to show for themselves on Saturday evening.  Jerome Jordan  didn't check in until thee was 3:51 remaining in the game while  Iman Shumpert  and  Josh Harrellson  combined for just four points and 12:02 of floor time through the first three quarters when the outcome was still somewhat in doubt. NOTABLE:  A key component in games the Knicks have lost this season is getting outplayed on both ends in the third quarter. That was not the case on Saturday as the Knicks outscored the Pistons in the third quarter, 27-24. This was just the third time in the last 13 games that the Knicks won the third quarter. UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Monday vs. Bucks, Wednesday vs. Magic, Friday @ Hawks. For the Pistons, Monday @ Wizards, Wednesday @ Cavaliers, Friday @ Bulls.  