Notebook: Knicks 92, Mavericks 80 
 
 
 Micah Powell, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Jan 05, 2014 10:48 PM - Updated Sun Jan 05, 2014 10:48 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Knicks tallied just its third win in its last 17 trips to Dallas. 
 
 THE LEAD: Carmelo Anthony  scored 19 points and  Kenyon Martin  posted 14 coming off the bench to lead New York to a 92-80 win over Dallas, Sunday night at the American Airlines Center.  
 Anthony posted 15 first-quarter points to stake New York (11-22) to a 12-point advantage, a lead it pushed to as much as 19. Dallas (19-15) battled back in the second half, cutting the lead to 82-76 late in the fourth quarter before  Iman Shumpert  hit an acrobatic layup to spark a 10-4 run to close out the game.  
 
 QUOTABLE : "I think our defense set the tone early. They got off to such a good start and then, once our defense settled in, we became a really good basketball team and that carried us through." --  Knicks head coach  Mike Woodson 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The second units proved to be the difference, as New York's reserves outscored Dallas' subs, 47-24. The Mavericks bench could not get anything going on the offensive end, converting just 9-for-29 shots from the field. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Mavericks head coach  Rick Carlisle  held  Samuel Dalembert  out of the game after the center was late for Saturday's practice, and started  DeJuan Blair . The Knicks, among the league's worst interior offenses, took advantage of the absence of the Mavericks' rim-protector, notching a 47-34 rebounding advantage and scoring 42 points in the paint. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I marvel at the job [Woodson] is doing with this team right now, given the circumstances, given all of the ridiculous rumors about his job security and all of the nonsense being stirred up in New York City. This is a man who is one of the top coaches in the league and a man of great integrity and substance. He proved that tonight. They easily could have swept this road trip and this is supposedly a team that is dysfunctional." --  Carlisle on Woodson 
 
 
 HOT: Tyson Chandler  left the game early in the first quarter with an upper respiratory infection and did not return, leaving big minutes for Martin. The seasoned veteran came up big for the Knicks, posting 14 points on 7-of-8 shooting and six rebounds in 29 minutes of action.  
 
 NOT:  Dallas struggled to convert open looks all night, missing all eight of its 3-point attempts in the first half and shooting just 10-for-18 from the free-throw line for the game. ...  Shawn Marion  finished with just two points on 1-of-6 shooting.  
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT : Anthony filled the stat sheet with 19 points, seven rebounds, five assists and three steals. ...  Dirk Nowitzki  just missed out on a double-double with 18 points and nine rebounds. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Dallas tallied just 35 points in the first half, its lowest total of the season. ... New York went 2-1 on its Texas Triangle road trip, registering wins over Dallas and San Antonio. ... Dallas has lost four consecutive home games for the first time since dropping four to Miami, Denver, San Antonio and New Orleans from Dec. 20 to Jan. 5 in the 2012-13 season.... Dallas tallied a season-low 13 assists. ... Marion tied  Metta World Peace  for 19th place on the NBA's all-time steals list with 1,688 thefts. 
 
 UP NEXT : For the Mavericks, Tuesday vs. L.A. Lakers, Wednesday @ San Antonio, Friday @ New Orleans. For the Knicks, Tuesday vs. Detroit, Thursday vs. Miami, Saturday @ Philadelphia. 
