Notebook: Rockets 112, Kings 102 
 
 
 Russ Edmondson, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Thu Apr 04, 2013 1:59 AM - Updated Thu Apr 04, 2013 1:59 AM 
 
 THE FACTS:  The visiting Houston Rockets topped the Sacramento Kings 112-102 in front of a lively crowd of 12,377 at Sleep Train Arena on Wednesday night. The Rockets, who had their star  James Harden  return after missing two games with a sore right foot, pushed the pace and led for the majority of the game. Houston improved to 42-33 with the win while the Kings fell to 27-48.  
 
 QUOTABLE: " What can you say [about teammate  Terrence Jones ]? You're a rookie, you go to the D-League 10 times and don't play at all. And then he comes off the bench with a double-double in a huge road win. That has to feel great. I couldn't be happier for stories and people like that because you spend months and months waiting for your turn and he really capitalized tonight." 
 -- Houston Rockets point guard  Jeremy Lin  on Jones. Jones hadn't played in a NBA game since Dec. 19 and had only played double figure minutes in a game three times all season -- the most recent Nov. 19. Jones played 29 minutes in this contest and made 6-for-11 shots from the floor. 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Kings scored 102 points and veteran shooting guard  John Salmons  scored zero of them in nearly 39 minutes of action. Salmons missed all four of his shots from the floor, grabbed one rebound and had five assists.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Rockets lead had shrunk to just five points (106-101) late in the fourth quarter when Lin swished a 3-pointer as the shot-block buzzer sounded. There was 2:05 on the game clock and the momentum had turned. The shot put Houston up by eight points and they cruised the rest of the way. Lin finished with 15 points and 10 assists.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "[Jones] had a really good practice before this and he's earned this. It wasn't given to him. He has had a rough way here and there is no way he doesn't play the next game." 
 -- Rockets forward  Chandler Parsons  on Jones' performance 
 
 
 HOT:  Parsons lit it up in Sacramento, hitting 12-for-18 shots and finishing with 29 points. He made 3-for-6 from 3-point range and mixed in several dunks as well. Chandler also had five rebounds and four assists.  
 
 FANTASTY SPOTLIGHT:  Kings big man  Jason Thompson  finished with 17 points and 15 rebounds in 32 minutes. He hit 6-for-12 shots from the floor and 5-of-6 from the free-throw line. Thompson also had two blocks and a steal. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  While Jones shined for Houston, rookie teammate  Thomas Robinson  didn't see any action. Robinson, a power forward, was the fifth overall pick by the Kings and he was traded to Houston on Feb. 20.  
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "They have kind of a high octane offense. They started hurting us just on pick-and-rolls.  Tyreke Evans  was just playing downhill and getting to the foul line. We kind of got that straightened out and overall it was a good win for us." 
 -- Houston Rockets head coach  Kevin McHale 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  Houston veteran swingman  Francisco Garcia  played as a visitor in Sacramento for the first time. Garcia, a first-round pick by the Kings in 2005, was traded to the Rockets on Feb. 20. He was the longest tenured King at the time of the trade and he looked a little confused while dressing in the visiting locker room after the game. Garcia had played in 472 games in this building before tonight, but each time he had been on the home side. Garcia finished with three points, two rebounds, two steals and one assist in about 13 minutes of action. He received a huge ovation when he entered the game with two minutes remaining in the first quarter. "It was great. I had great years here and yes it felt funny (to play as a visitor). It's big [to now be on a team that is likely headed to the playoffs] -- just a different mentality. We're playing really good." 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Rockets, Friday @ Portland, Saturday @ Denver, Tuesday vs. Phoenix. For the Kings, Friday vs. Dallas, Sunday vs. Memphis, next Wednesday vs. New Orleans. 
