  Warriors-Clippers notebook   By Dan Arritt, for NBA.com Posted Sunday January 9, 2011 8:10PM THE FACTS: Blake Griffin  had 23 points and 12 rebounds for his 23rd consecutive double-double, and  Baron Davis  had 17 points and 11 assists for his first of the season in leading the Los Angeles Clippers to a 105-91 victory over the Golden State Warriors on Sunday afternoon at Staples Center. QUOTABLE:  "We are practicing crisper and getting to know each other better. The chemistry is good and we are really active out on the court."   -- Clippers guard  Eric Gordon , who finished with a team-high 25 points THE STAT:  In addition to the double-double streak, Griffin has also totaled at least 20 points and 10 rebounds in 12 straight games. The rookie power forward even excelled at the free-throw line against the Warriors, his only weak spot this season. A 59 percent free-throw shooter coming in, Griffin shot 9-for-11 from the line, his best performance of the season when shooting at least five in a game. TURNING POINT:  The Clippers went on a 21-4 run to close the first half and take a 62-48 lead into the locker room. With the score tied 44-44, Davis got into a stare down after a hard foul by  Vladimir Radmanovic , then proceeded to score nine points in the run, including a 3-point basket with 2.5 seconds left in the half. The Warriors never got closer than 12 the rest of the way. QUOTABLE II:  "After we got going, we felt good as a team and I was able to just make the easy pass and we were knocking down shots."   -- Griffin, who set a franchise record with his 23rd straight double-double HOT:  With his recent play, Davis has elevated the Clippers from an entertaining team to a good team. In his last four games, he's averaging 14.2 points with 33 assists and just seven turnovers. NOT:  Take your pick for Golden State. Their backcourt duo of  Monta Ellis  and  Stephen Curry  were a combined 6-for-32 from the field, including 0-for-11 from beyond the 3-point stripe. The team's third-leading scorer, center  David Lee , wasn't much better, shooting 2-for-6 and scoring eight points before fouling out with 6:02 remaining. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT: Dorell Wright , a Los Angeles native who attended nearby Leuzinger High in Lawndale, scored 27 points for the Warriors. He had 15 in the game's first 9 1/2 minutes but then went to the bench with his third foul. Wright came in averaging 21.1 points over the previous nine games. GOOD MOVE:  Gordon attacked Curry from the opening tip, resulting in two fouls in the first 2 1/2 minutes for Golden State's second-leading scorer. Curry went to the bench and didn't return until 4:19 remained in the first half, just in time for the Clippers' decisive run. BAD MOVE:  Golden State center  Andris Biedrins  played in his third game since missing nine with a sprained ankle. He bumped his minutes up to 26 against the Clippers, but didn't improve anything else, going scoreless before fouling out with 2:15 remaining. ROOKIE WATCH:  Del Negro continues to stick with small forward  Al-Farouq Aminu  off the bench, rather than veteran  Rasual Butler . Aminu struggled the last couple games, but looked much better against the Warriors, scoring 12 points and grabbing five rebounds in 21 minutes. NOTABLE:  The Clippers have won seven of their last 10 games, equaling Portland and San Antonio for the best record in the Western Conference over their last 10. They'll get a huge test Wednesday when the Miami Heat come to town. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Wednesday vs. Miami, Friday @ Golden State, Sunday vs. Lakers. For the Warriors, Wednesday vs. Lakers, Friday vs. Clippers, Jan. 17 vs. New Jersey.  