  Notebook: Rockets 95, Hawks 84   By Matt Miller, for NBA.com Posted Saturday December 31, 2011 10:43PM THE FACTS:  Although it is quite early in the regular season, new coach  Kevin McHale  and the Houston Rockets are quickly making Toyota Center a tough place for opponents to leave with a win. Kevin Martin  scored a game-high 27 points,  Luis Scola  poured in 21 points and  Kyle Lowry  dished out a career-high 18 assists as Houston wrapped up 2011 with a 95-84 victory over the Atlanta Hawks on Saturday.  Chase Budinger  added 17 points and  Jordan Hill  finished with 11 points and a career-high 15 rebounds in the win for Houston (2-2), which has led wire to wire in each of its first two home games. Joe Johnson  and  Al Horford  each had 15 points to pace Atlanta (3-1), which played without urgency and struggled to match the Rockets' energy on both ends of the court.  Tracy McGrady  netted 13 points on 6-for-11 shooting in his second game in Houston since the Rockets traded him in Feb. 2010. QUOTABLE:  "They came out and played at a higher level than we did. ... We didn't fly around and contest [shots]. We reverted back into short close-outs. ... Shot selection was not very good either. The timing of shots were not good."  --  Hawks coach  Larry Drew  on his team's uninspired effort. THE STAT:  Through four games, the Houston Rockets' defense at home and on the road has been polar opposites. In two victories at Toyota Center, Houston's opponents have shot 40.5 percent (70-for-173) and averaged only 84.5 points. In two losses on the road, the Rockets have allowed 109 points per game on 54.6 percent (89-for-163) shooting. THE STAT II:  Lowry's assist total (18) was higher than the entire Atlanta roster (16). TURNING POINT:  Houston held an 8-12 point lead for a large portion of the second half, but it saw its lead dwindle in the fourth quarter after committing four quick turnovers and allowing McGrady to come alive with nine points on 4-for-5 shooting. Just as the Hawks were closing in on completing the comeback, cutting the lead to six points, Martin and Budinger sank key 3-pointers to keep Atlanta at bay. QUOTABLE II:  "We had a lot of energy tonight. So far this season we've been showing two faces. In the two home games we've won ... we've focused on playing team defense and team offense.  --  Scola. HOT:  After less than stellar shooting nights from long range in their first two games, the Rockets have bounced back by nailing 41.7 percent (20-for-48) of their 3-point attempts over the last two games. The player who has spearheaded this turnaround is Martin, who has shot 13-for-25 (52.0 percent) from downtown over his last three contests. NOT:  Smith saw his early season shooting struggles continue, finishing 4-for-12 from the field. Smith has connected on only 37.5 percent (15-for-40) of his shots through four games this season. GOOD MOVE:  Hawks guard  Jannero Pargo  appeared to have a clear path to the basket for a layup with 9:55 left to play in the game when Lowry came out of nowhere to soar into the air and make an impressive block that brought the 14,390 in attendance to their feet. Lowry's athletic play came at a time when the Rockets appeared to be running out of gas, and it supplied his teammates with enough energy to finish the game on a strong note. QUOTABLE III:  "It was luck. ... I just wanted to get back into the play and save a basket. Plays like that always give you a little bit on 'oomph.'"  --  Lowry on his block BAD MOVE:  Drew said before the game that he was worried that his team would not be cautiously aggressive and simply try to run with the Rockets. That is exactly what happened during several stretches of Saturday's contest. The Hawks lost focus and allowed themselves to be sucked into a full-court, up-tempo game and launched quick shots too often rather than slowing the tempo, going through sets deliberately in the half-court and feeding Smith and Horford in the post. NOTABLE:  McGrady, who was inactive for a large portion of his five-plus seasons in Houston due to various injuries, was greeted by a mix of cheers and boos from the Toyota Center crowd when he checked into the game for the first time with 3:57 left in the first quarter. The boo birds continued to fly whenever McGrady touched the ball, especially during the fourth period. ... Drew said guard  Kirk Hinrich  (shoulder) will be re-evaluated by his doctor Tuesday and is hopeful that will be when Hinrich is cleared to participate in all non-contact drills. ... Houston has gone 8-2 playing at home on New Year's Eve over the last 10 seasons. ... The Rockets, who went 11-0 last season when holding opponents to less than 90 points, are 2-0 this season when accomplishing that feat. UP NEXT:  For the Hawks, Monday @ Miami, Tuesday @ Chicago, Thursday vs. Miami (TNT). For the Rockets, Tuesday @ L.A. Lakers, Wednesday @ L.A. Clippers (NBA TV), Friday @ Oklahoma City.  