  Notebook: Rockets 99, Suns 81   By Matt Miller, for NBA.com Posted Friday February 3, 2012 11:34PM THE FACTS:  With a six-game road trip that begins Saturday lying ahead of the Houston Rockets, they made sure to quickly dispose of the struggling Phoenix Suns. Kevin Martin  scored 16 points on 6-for-9 shooting in less than 18 minutes of action, and Luis Scola added 14 points and eight rebounds (five offensive), as Houston used a huge first-half run to create enough separation to cruise to a 99-81 victory over the Suns on Friday at Toyota Center. The win snapped a two-game slide for Houston (13-10), which improved to 10-3 at home but will not return to Toyota Center until Feb. 15. Marcin Gortat  led Phoenix (8-14) with 15 points and 12 boards, while  Jared Dudley  scored 15 points, grabbed five rebounds and collected three steals. The Suns have dropped five of their last seven games overall and fell to 0-7 on the road against Western Conference opponents not named the New Orleans Hornets. QUOTABLE:  "I'm trying to do as much as possible, but we're just not ready, not ready at all. It's frustrating as hell. The game before we look good and everything is okay, and then all of a sudden ... 48 hours later, you see a totally different team."   -- Marcin Gortat on Phoenix's up-and-down play this season THE STAT:  Houston outworked the Suns on the boards, controlling the rebounding battle by a 49-39 margin overall and 14-9 offensively. The Rockets have outrebounded opponents on the offensive glass by an average of 12.3-8.0 and have scored approximately 6.7 more second-chance points per game (14.7-8.0) than their foes over their last three contests. TURNING POINT:  The Suns scored six points in a row to grab their second -- and last -- lead of the game at 14-13 midway through the first quarter. But  Steve Nash 's pinpoint passing would not be nearly enough to sustain Phoenix's offense, which found little success in the paint aside from the occasional pick-and-roll with Gortat and Nash. The Suns closed the first half by missing 20 of their final 31 shots, and the Rockets capitalized by crashing the boards and pushing the tempo to find their own rhythm. Before Phoenix could regain some offensive consistency, Houston outscored the Suns 46-25 over the final 17 minutes of the first half to enter the break holding a 59-39 advantage. QUOTABLE II:  "Our defense needs to fuel our offense. If we get big stops and limit their [the opponent's] second-chance opportunities we can get out and run, and that's when we're at our best."   -- Rockets forward  Chandler Parsons HOT:  Gortat posted his 13th double-double in the last 14 games, finishing with 15 points on 7-for-11 shooting and 12 rebounds to go with three blocks and two steals. In his last four games, the 6-foot-11 center from Poland has averaged 17.0 points on 52.0 percent (26-for-50) shooting, 11.3 rebounds and 2.3 blocks. NOT:  After connecting on 18 of 36 attempts (50.0 percent) from 3-point range over its previous two games, Phoenix shot an abysmal 4-for-19 (21.1 percent) from beyond the arc in Friday's defeat. GOOD MOVE:  The Rockets effectively sealed off Nash's driving lanes and forced him to choose between being a jump-shooter or facilitator. Nash distributed the ball effectively, finishing with nine assists, but Houston made the seven-time All-Star lie back and rely on his mostly young teammates to hit perimeter shots that they did not feel comfortable taking. BAD MOVE:  Houston failed to get back on defense after several made shots during the first half, allowing the Suns to pour in a few easy layups. Even a team that has a future Hall of Famer like Nash running the point should not be allowed to generate break-away layups for his teammates off an opponent's successful offensive possessions. QUOTABLE III:  "We have to play like we did tonight, and really focus in on the defensive end and not let a team go off one quarter for 30 points. That's where we're letting down right now. We're not playing 48 minutes."   -- Houston forward  Chase Budinger  on the Rockets' key to a successful road trip NOTABLE:  The Suns lost to Houston for the first time in eight meetings when Nash has played. ... Nash (9,450 career assists) is 35 assists behind  Oscar Robertson  for fifth all time. ... Phoenix fell to 1-13 this season when trailing at halftime. ... The Rockets shot a perfect 17-for-17 at the free-throw line. ... Houston improved to 9-0 when allowing less than 90 points. ... The Rockets outrebounded their opponent by a double-digit margin for the fourth time this season. ... Houston has scored at least 10 fast-break points in all but one game this season. ... Budinger recorded his third career double-double, finishing with 12 points and 10 rebounds. ... The Rockets can record their fourth consecutive sweep of a back-to-back set with a victory at Minnesota on Saturday. UP NEXT:  For the Suns, Saturday vs. Charlotte, Monday @ Atlanta, Tuesday @ Milwaukee. For the Rockets, Saturday @ Minnesota, Monday @ Denver, Wednesday @ Portland.  