  Timberwolves-Jazz notebook   By Andrew Aragon, for NBA.com Posted Thursday March 17, 2011 12:21AM THE FACTS:   C.J. Miles  scored a career-high 40 points as the Utah Jazz defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves 119-104 on Wednesday night, earning back-to-back wins for the first time under coach  Tyrone Corbin . Al Jefferson  had his 29th double-double of the season with 26 points and 11 rebounds. The Jazz shot 54.8 percent. Minnesota was again led by  Kevin Love , who had 22 points 11 rebounds. It was his 63rd double-double of the season. QUOTABLE:  " I was just trying to be aggressive. I felt good in pregame when I got here. I got some things to the basket early, and got some good looks from the outside, and got running from there."  --  Jazz forward Miles on his career night. THE STAT:  28-13. It was a vintage Jazz performance, as they moved and shared the basketball. Utah had 28 assists on 46 made baskets, while Minnesota had just 13 assists on 37 made baskets. The Timberwolves had five assists on 16 shots in the first half. TURNING POINT:  The Jazz blew the game open with a 17-2 run during the second quarter. They got three-point plays from  Derrick Favors , Miles and Jefferson during the spurt that turned a 50-40 lead into a 67-42 advantage. The Timberwolves were ice cold during the run, shooting 1-for-11 while committing just one turnover. QUOTABLE II:  "They're fighting for something and they did a really good job executing their offense. They just sliced us apart."  --  Timberwolves coach  Kurt Rambis  on how Utah is playing hard to stay in the playoff race, and its offensive execution. HOT:  Miles made his first seven shots, including four 3-pointers. The first shot he missed was one he had to rush as the clock was winding down in the first quarter. Love had 12 points and six rebounds in the third quarter. NOT:  The Timberwolves shot 13.6 percent (3-for-22) in the second quarter. Minnesota's  Michael Beasley  shot 2-for-9 with an airball in the first half. He finished shooting 7-for-16 and scored 16 points. For Utah,  Devin Harris  was 1-for-6 from 3-point range. GOOD MOVE:  Miles is making Corbin look like a genius. It has been the right move for the Jazz to start Miles and have  Raja Bell  come off the bench, which Corbin has done the last two games. Miles has averaged 29.5 points in the two games, and Utah won both of them. The Jazz are 13-2 when Miles scores 20 or more points. FANTASY WATCH:  Miles will be a more valuable fantasy player as long as he stays in Utah's starting lineup -- and it looks like he will. In addition to his career-high points total, his shooting percentage (77.7) was outstanding against the Timberwolves. He also had four rebounds and two assists. He's a fantasy player to watch during the final weeks of the regular season. ROOKIE WATCH:  Favors made his second start for the Jazz, and had a solid game with 13 points and five rebounds in 24 minutes.  Gordon Hayward , back from a one-game absence because of a foot injury, had one point, one rebound, two assists and two steals in 15-plus minutes.  Jeremy Evans  had four points and three rebounds. For the Timberwolves,  Wes Johnson  started and had five points on 1-for-4 shooting in 18-plus minutes.  Lazar Hayward  and  Nikola Pekovic  both played but didn't score for the Timberwolves. NOTABLE:  Jazz general manager  Kevin O'Connor  announced after the game that  Mehmet Okur  is out for the remainder of the season. Okur continues to rehab from a ruptured Achilles' injury he suffered in the playoffs last spring, and other various ailments he withstood in trying to get back this season. Okur played in 13 games this season. UP NEXT:  For the Timberwolves, Friday @ L.A. Lakers, Sunday vs. Kings, Thursday @ Dallas. For the Jazz, Sunday @ Houston, Monday @ Memphis, Wednesday @ Oklahoma City.  