  Suns-Clippers notebook   By Dan Arritt, for NBA.com Posted Sunday March 20, 2011 6:49PM THE FACTS:   Steve Nash  came up short in achieving his first triple-double in five years but the Phoenix Suns kept pace in the Western Conference playoff race with a 108-99 victory Sunday afternoon at Staples Center. QUOTABLE:  "I'm happy with the way we played. We were able to take away some of their plays."  --  Suns coach  Alvin Gentry. THE STAT:  Nash, who sat out two games last week with pelvic instability, finished with 23 points, 13 assists and seven rebounds. He had 15 points, seven rebounds and seven assists at the half, putting him within range of his fifth career triple-double. TURNING POINT:  Trailing by three points entering the final quarter and with Nash taking a breather, the Clippers missed their next eight field-goal attempts while Phoenix went on an 8-0 run to take their biggest lead, 89-78. The Clippers never got closer then seven down the stretch. HOT:  Phoenix center  Marcin Gortat  came off the bench to score 17 points and grab a team-high 13 rebounds. Gortat extended his stretch of scoring in double figures to 14 games, a career high and the longest current streak of any Suns player. Before this stretch, Gortat had never scored in double digits in three straight games. NOT:  Clippers center  DeAndre Jordan  was hospitalized overnight with pneumonia after playing 21 minutes Saturday in a victory against Cleveland. Jordan was released from the hospital during the game, a Clippers spokesperson said. GOOD MOVE:  With Nash on the bench to start the fourth quarter and back-up  Aaron Brooks  suspended by the NBA for the game after throwing the ball at a referee Friday night against Golden State, rookie  Zabian Dowdell  stepped up at the start of the fourth quarter and scored six points in the first six minutes before giving way to Nash down the stretch. BAD MOVE:  Clippers rookie  Blake Griffin  threw down a thunderous dunk while guarded by Gortat with 4:09 remaining but was called for an offensive foul, his sixth of the game, and a subsequent technical. The crowd booed like never before this season and continued voicing their displeasure until the final whistle. ROOKIE WATCH:  Griffin finished with 17 points but pulled down a season-low two rebounds. After recording 27 consecutive double-doubles earlier this season, Griffin has gone seven straight games without producing a double-double. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Suns forward  Channing Frye , in his second game back since missing five games with a dislocated right shoulder, shot 5-for-12 from beyond the 3-point stripe and scored 19 points. The Suns have won 14 of their last 18 games with Frye in the lineup. NOTABLE:  With the victory, the Suns (35-33) still trail eighth-place Memphis (38-32) in the Western Conference standings. Houston (36-24) and Utah (36-33) are also still in the playoff hunt and play each other later this afternoon. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Wednesday vs. Washington, Friday @ Lakers, Saturday vs. Toronto. For the Suns, Tuesday @ Lakers, Wednesday vs. Toronto, Friday vs. New Orleans.  