  Grizzlies-Magic notebook   By Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com Posted Monday November 15, 2010 11:21PM THE FACTS:  The Memphis Grizzlies could not recover from a 12-point, 10-turnover first quarter and went down to an 89-72 defeat at the hands of the Orlando Magic.  Vince Carter  scored a game-high 19 points for the Magic, who led all the way.  Rudy Gay  and  Zach Randolph , the starting forwards for Memphis, combined on 8-for-32 shooting. QUOTABLE:  "We were rushing things, but it was their defense that was causing it. We couldn't get to the paint, and then we were taking rushed jump shots at the end of the clock with people with their hand in your face."   -- Memphis coach  Lionel Hollins THE STAT:  The Magic shot 5-for-14 (.357) with 10 turnovers and no assists in the first quarter -- and led by eight points. QUOTABLE II:  "We were getting steals and then turning it right back over. Maybe we wanted to play more defense tonight."   --  Jameer Nelson  on the Magic's 10 turnovers in the first quarter TURNING POINT:  After their dreadful first half, the Grizzlies closed the gap to five early in the second half. Then Nelson set up Carter for a 3-pointer, igniting an 11-2 Magic run that pushed the lead back to double figures. HOT:  Carter needed only eight shots (including 3-of-4 3-pointers) to produce his 19 points. NOT:  Gay, the NBA's third-leading scorer, shot 4-for-17 and went scoreless for more than 20 minutes.  ... Orlando's  Rashard Lewis  shot 3-for-13 and is shooting only .355 for the season. QUOTABLE III:  "I know we were still pretty ugly offensively tonight and we've got a long way to go there. I don't really understand why, but we do. But we did exactly what we had talked about today; we fought hard the entire game against an outstanding offensive team. We held them 30 points below their average and in the thirties (percentage)."   --- Magic coach  Stan Van Gundy FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Although he had 14 against the Grizzlies, three-time rebound champion  Dwight Howard  has not been a rebounding fiend so far this season. His average of 10.9 is barely among the top 10. NOTABLE:  The Grizzlies held a team meeting after the game. "As a team, whatever happens in here has to stay in here," Gay said. "Obviously we are not playing well right now." ... Magic guard  J.J. Redick , who played in all 96 regular and postseason games last season, sat out the game with back spasms ... The Magic avoided losing a third straight home game for the first time since December of 2007 ... Nelson's nine rebounds were one short of his career high. UP NEXT:  For the Grizzlies, Tuesday vs. Portland, Friday @ Washington, Saturday vs. Miami. For the Magic, Thursday vs. Phoenix, Saturday @ Indiana, Monday @ San Antonio.  