  Notebook: Timberwolves 100, Rockets 91   By Phil Miller, for NBA.com Posted Sunday February 5, 2012 12:11AM THE FACTS:  Kevin Love scored 25 points, collected 25 rebounds, and helped the Timberwolves reach .500 for the first time in more than five years Saturday night, as Minnesota held off Houston, 100-91. The Rockets were led by  Luis Scola  and  Kyle Lowry  with 24 points apiece, but Minnesota built a 16-point second-half lead and broke an eight-game Target Center losing streak to the Rockets. Houston, playing the first of a six-game road trip, closed within three points twice in the fourth quarter, but the Timberwolves nailed three critical 3-pointers in the final eight minutes and improved to 12-12 on the season. Not since January 2007 had the Wolves reached .500 beyond the first week of a season. Guard  Luke Ridnour  scored 22 points, including a pair of fourth-quarter 3-pointers, and Ricky Rubio added 13 points and 11 assists for Minnesota. Love and Scola engaged in some physical gamesmanship under the basket all night, and it erupted with a controversial play midway through the third quarter. Scola received the ball near the basket and turned into the lane, when Love pounded the ball out of his hands, dropping Scola to the floor. As Love turned around to run up the floor, he stepped on Scola's face. No foul was called on the strip or the step, and the Rockets' bench erupted, with coach Kevin McHale having to be held off the floor as he complained. Houston's bench received a technical foul, and Scola was whistled for another a minute later. QUOTABLE:  "I've got size 19 feet. Where am I supposed to step?"   -- Love, after stepping on Scola's face under the Rockets' basket, a play he said was accidental. THE STAT:  25.6 -- Points below his scoring average as a Rocket vs. Minnesota for guard  Kevin Martin , who made only 1-of-10 shots from the field for two points. Martin had scored 193 points in Houston's last seven games with the Wolves, more than 20 points in each. TURNING POINT:  The Wolves missed their first eight shots of the fourth quarter and allowed Houston, which had trailed by 13 late in the third quarter, to close within four points. Rick Adelman called a timeout with 7:56 to play and inserted guard Luke Ridnour into the game. On Minnesota's first possession, Ridnour spotted up and sank a 3-pointer, then did it again two minutes later, allowing the Wolves to keep the Rockets at bay despite shooting 25 percent for the quarter. QUOTABLE II:  "It was very quick. I couldn't tell what brand they were."    -- Houston forward  Luis Scola , after saying he got a "taste" of Kevin Love's shoe during a third-quarter play. HOT:  The Wolves, who haven't had a winning season since 2004-05, won for the fifth time in seven games and reached .500 this late in a season for the first time in more than five years, since Jan. 29, 2007. NOT:   Martell Webster  played his sixth game since returning from September back surgery, but his shooting touch hasn't yet returned. Webster missed seven of his eight shots, and is now shooting 33.3 percent (13-39) for the year. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Kevin Love's big night is nothing new -- it was his 19th game with 20 or more points and 10 or more rebounds already this season. But Love might not help fantasy teams next week if he is suspended for stepping on Luis Scola's head during a physical play under the basket. ROOKIE WATCH:  Second-round pick  Chandler Parsons  reached double figures for the second night in a row for the Rockets, the first time he's done that all season. Parsons scored 11 points with seven rebounds, but took 14 shots to do it, making only five. Parsons is shooting only 40.1 percent in his 17 games as a starter. NOTABLE:  Wolves center  Darko Milicic  was inactive after a flare-up of the contusion in his left calf left him limping before the game. Milicic missed three games last week, including Minnesota's victory in Houston, due to illness, and had played only two games before sitting out again. ...  Anthony Randolph  was on the active roster for the first time in three games, but did not play. ... Guard  Wayne Ellington , who reached double figures five times in seven games midway through January, has lost his playing time to a healthy  J.J. Barea . Ellington did not play Saturday, while Barea scored 10 points with three assists in 26 minutes. ... Rockets guard  Kyle Lowry , who leads all NBA point guards in rebounding with a 6.3 average, was held to just two boards. UP NEXT:  For the Rockets, Monday @ Denver, Wednesday @ Portland, Thursday @ Phoenix. For the Timberwolves, Tuesday vs. Kings, Wednesday @ Memphis, Friday vs. Mavericks.  