  Jazz-Kings Notebook   By Jimmy Spencer, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday February 8, 2011 1:52AM THE FACTS:   Deron Williams  had 21 points and nine assists as the Utah Jazz overcame a double-digit deficit to earn a 107-104 road victory against the Sacramento Kings on Monday night. The Jazz had lost nine of its last 12 games prior to Monday night's win. QUOTABLE:  "The last couple of weeks is the past and we've just got to forget about that. We went through a little rough time and just getting through that. We got a win tonight and we've got to build on that, get our confidence up and get back playing how we were at the beginning of the season."   -  Jazz center   Al Jefferson. THE STAT:  After quarters of 30, 26 and 31 points, the Kings were held to just 17 points in the fourth quarter to allow the Jazz to complete the comeback. Utah trailed by as many as 10 points in the game, but switched to an effective zone defense in the fourth quarter. TURNING POINT:  Utah's defense hadn't been good for three quarters, as the Kings found easy looks at the basket with use of the pick and roll. Utah head coach  Jerry Sloan  answered with a zone defense that took Sacramento's offense out of its game. The Kings failed to get the ball ahead in transition to answer Utah's zone and shot just 38.1 percent in the fourth quarter. The Kings couldn't make the Jazz pay for going to the zone, missing all four 3-pointers in the final quarter. HOT:  Sloan will return as Utah's head coach, at least through next season. As announced Monday on NBA.com, Sloan's contract was extended through next season. Currently in his 23rd season with Utah, Sloan is the longest tenured coach with any one team. He became the head coach of the Jazz on Dec. 9, 1988 and there have been 245 NBA coaching changes since that date. NOT:  Utah's defense responded at just the right time. In his pregame interview prior to Monday night's tip, Sloan talked about the lack of defensive effort from his team during its stretch of nine losses in 12 games before Monday night's win. Utah lost to Oklahoma City on Saturday 121-105 and had allowed an average of 103.8 points per game during the 12-game stretch. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Williams is bouncing back nicely from his wrist injury. The Utah guard has now tallied 32 assists in his past three games after he missed four consecutive games with a wrist injury. Williams wasn't shy Monday about fighting pain in his wrist, grimacing often throughout the game while looking at or holding his wrist. Despite a good shooting percentage from the field on Monday night, his wrist will continue to impair his 3-point shooting. QUOTABLE II:  "It's going to bother me; I just have got to learn to deal with it. It's going to be sore tomorrow, just like it is everyday. On that back-to-back that's what happens. It gets sore and it gets weak. It's going to be a battle."  -  Williams   on playing with his wrist injury. NOTABLE:  Sacramento had a chance to tie the game in the final moments but  Omri Casspi  missed from 3-point range with 3.9 seconds remaining...Sacramento led 91-83 at the 9:55 mark of the fourth quarter before Utah went on an 8-0 run over the course of two minutes to tie the game at 91-91 with 7:57 remaining. ... Al Jefferson, who scored 23 points against the Kings, has scored 20 or more points in five consecutive games...  Paul Millsap  fouled out with 1:36 remaining in the game. He scored 18 points and grabbed six rebounds. UP NEXT:  For the Jazz, Wednesday vs. Chicago, Friday vs. Phoenix, Tuesday at Phoenix. For the Kings, Wednesday vs. Dallas, Saturday vs. Oklahoma City, Sunday at Phoenix.  