
 Bucks-Rockets notebook   By Matt Miller, for NBA.com  Posted Monday January 17, 2011 6:35PM THE FACTS:   Kevin Martin  scored a game-high 36 points and  Luis Scola  added 19 points and 14 rebounds as the Houston Rockets fought through an ugly offensive performance to outlast the Milwaukee Bucks 93-84 Monday at Toyota Center. Corey Maggette  led Milwaukee with a season-high 25 points, while  Drew Gooden  came off the bench and chipped in a double-double of 14 points and 11 rebounds. Houston (19-23) shot 36.8 percent from the field but committed only five turnovers to snap a four-game losing streak at Toyota Center and claim its 11th consecutive home victory over the Bucks (14-24). QUOTABLE:  "We stayed with what we know best. ... If you had asked me [about our poor offensive output] before the game, I would've said we got beat by 40."   -- Kevin Martin THE STAT:  The undersized Rockets out-muscled and out-hustled the Bucks to a 17-7 advantage on the offensive glass. That aggressiveness led to Houston's 17-5 edge in second-chance points. TURNING POINT:  Milwaukee trimmed a 76-66 deficit to 80-75 with less than six minutes remaining when  Jordan Hill  hit a mid-range jumper from the wing and drove forcefully to the basket for an easy layup on consecutive possessions to give Houston some much-needed breathing room. QUOTABLE II:  "We couldn't make anything, but we didn't cave into the situation. ... We kept working at the defensive end, kept working on the boards ... the effort was definitely there."   -- Rockets coach  Rick Adelman  on his team's effort HOT:  Maggette took advantage of his second start of the season, shooting 11-for-18 from the field. The 6-foot-6 forward has shot 25-for-46 (54.3 percent) in his last four games. ... Maggette left Monday's contest during the first half to receive treatment for a twisted left ankle, but he did not show any signs of slowing down after he returned. NOT:  Houston's struggles from 3-point range continued Monday as the Rockets connected on only 1 of 9 attempts. Houston has shot 29.5 percent (38-for-129) from behind the arc over its last six games. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Bucks center  Andrew Bogut  recorded his fourth consecutive double-double, but it was a quiet one. He scored 10 points and grabbed 10 rebounds, despite struggling to make his presence felt while working against Rockets forward  Chuck Hayes . QUOTABLE III:  "For some reason, we had no energy. ... It looked like we were just worn out. We have to get some energy as a team. We are all searching for something."   -- Andrew Bogut on his Milwaukee's lackadaisical performance ROOKIE WATCH:  Bucks forward  Larry Sanders  was active but did not enter the game. ... Houston forward  Patrick Patterson  (upper respiratory infection) missed Monday's game. He is listed as day-to-day. INSIDE THE ARENA:  R&B group Bell Biv DeVoe, which consists of former New Edition members Ricky Bell, Michael Bivins and Ronnie DeVoe, performed at halftime. NOTABLE:  Houston has defeated nine consecutive opponents with losing records. ... The Rockets' 39 first-half points were the fewest Houston has scored in the opening two quarters this season. ... The Rockets won for the first time this season when hitting less than 40 percent of their shots. ... Milwaukee has not swept the season series with the Rockets since the 1999-2000 campaign. ... Martin shot a season-high 18 free throws. ... Hill matched a career high with 10 rebounds. ... Houston's 53 rebounds ties its season high. ... The Bucks have held 29 opponents to less than 100 points this season. ... Milwaukee fell to 3-11 when its opponent pulls down more rebounds. UP NEXT:  For the Bucks, Wednesday vs. Washington, Friday @ Cleveland, Saturday vs. Memphis. For the Rockets, Wednesday vs. New York, Friday @ Memphis, Saturday vs. Orlando. 
