  Bulls-Knicks notebook   By Adam Zagoria, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday April 12, 2011 11:28PM THE FACTS:   Derrick Rose ,  Luol Deng  and  Carlos Boozer  combined for 63 points and 31 rebounds as the Bulls won their eighth straight, 103-90, over the Knicks at Madison Square Garden. The Knicks had their own seven-game winning streak snapped. QUOTABLE:  "We had good energy and we rebounded the ball well so we got out into the open floor and we got some easy scoring opportunities. And I thought that energized us, gave us some life."    -- Bulls coach  Tom Thibodeau  on the critical third period when the Bulls outscored the Knicks, 32-18. THE STAT:  The Knicks shot at least 30 percent from beyond the arc in every game of their seven-game winning streak, but went just 8 of 31 (26 percent ) against the Bulls.  Carmelo Anthony  was 1 of 6,  Shawne Williams  2 of 7 and  Billy Walker  3 of 7. TURNING POINT:  Trailing 55-52 at the break, the Bulls exploded with a 26-2 run to open the second half. Rose scored seven unanswered points, followed by six in a row from Deng. The highlight of the run was Rose's theft of Anthony and subsequent double-pump, reverse tomahawk jam. QUOTABLE II:  "His athletic ability is just ridiculous. A couple of times he just went to the basket and exploded."    -- D'Antoni on Rose. HOT:  Deng, the former Blair (N.J.) Academy standout, was highly efficient, going 9-for-16 for 23 points, including six straight during the critical third-quarter run. He added 10 rebounds. NOT:  After scoring 15 first-half points, Anthony managed just six points in the second half, when he shot 2 of 9 from the floor. QUOTABLE III:  "We got the rest of this week to prepare for Boston and then we'll figure it out."    --D'Antoni INSIDE THE ARENA:   Hugh Jackman ,  Scottie Pippen ,  Floyd Mayweather ,  Whoopi Goldberg ,  Andy Samberg  and  Neal Brennan  were all in attendance. UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Wednesday @ Boston, Playoffs TBD. For the Bulls, Wednesday vs. New Jersey, Play offs TBD.  