Notebook: Pacers 96, Nets 91 
 
 
 Jake Appleman, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Nov 09, 2013 11:13 PM - Updated Sat Nov 09, 2013 11:13 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Pacers held off the Nets, 96-91, at Barclays Center to advance to 7-0 for the first time in franchise history.  
 
 THE LEAD:  The Pacers jumped out to a 17-8 first-quarter advantage and began the third quarter on a 15-5 run. Nets coach  Jason Kidd  noted that the Nets' had talked about the Pacers' third-quarter prowess.  
 In quickly making another visiting arena feel like home, the Indiana starters played with purpose and showcased a number of attributes that have highlighted their early success: stout, physical, swarming defense; a focus on keeping the ball in the half court; and looking to  Roy Hibbert  to play inside-out.  Paul George  (24 points, six rebounds) hit 7-of-8 shots after starting out 1-of-6.   
 
 Joe Johnson  and  Deron Williams  each scored 17 points for the Nets.  
 
 THE STAT : Emblematic of a rugged game, each team scored 38 points in the paint.  
 
 TURNING POINT : Up 94-91, with Nets pushing looking to get within one or tie the game with under a minute remaining, George stole the ball from Williams. Williams took issue with the non-call. Hibbert was then called for an offensive foul and George turned the ball back over,  but the Nets weren't able to capitalize. Johnson missed a potential game-tying 3-pointer with 11.8 seconds left.  
 
 INJURY UPDATE:  Garnett (six points, eight rebounds) played 27 minutes despite his playing status being in doubt before the game by coach Kidd. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We took care of the ball pretty well until the fourth quarter."  --  Kidd, whose Nets committed six of their fifteen turnovers in the final frame .   
 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We are not doing anything outside of being ourselves and we are trusting our preparation. We have a group of guys who study hard."  --  Pacers forward  David West  (18 points, eigh t  rebounds). 
 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  With  Andrei Kirilenko  sidelined (back spasms),  Mason Plumlee  checked in early in the second quarter, sparking the Nets by finishing near the rim and drawing an offensive foul, although the Nets -- excited by the rookie's play -- twice overthrew alley-oop lob passes to Plumlee. Plumlee's brother  Miles , now with the Suns, played for the Pacers a season ago.  
 
 NOTABLE:  Coming off of a rough night shooting the ball in Washington, Pierce and Garnett were each whistled for two fouls in the games first five minutes and Pierce was assessed a technical as the Pacers jumped out to a 17-8 lead. .... Former Net  C.J. Watson  drilled a pair of big second half 3-pointers. When Watson first checked in, Williams seemed to revel in guarding his friend and former teammate.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Pacers, Monday vs. Memphis, Friday vs. Milwaukee, Saturday @ Chicago. For the Nets, Wednesday @ Sacramento, Friday @ Phoenix, Saturday @ LA Clippers.   
