  Notebook: Spurs 107, Suns 100 Posted Wednesday March 28, 2012 1:18AM By Mike Tulumello, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The San Antonio Spurs are trying to integrate some new players. Already, those new players are acquiring the Spurs' old habits: They win. The visiting Spurs (34-14) pulled away from the Phoenix Suns in the fourth quarter and won their fifth straight, 107-100. Tim Duncan  led the Spurs with 26 points and 11 boards.  Tony Parker  had 24 points, seven assists, four rebounds and just two turnovers. The Suns (25-25) suffered a crushing loss in their run for a playoff berth. They are now two games behind Utah and Denver (27-23), who are Nos. 7 and 8 in the West. They were led by  Shannon Brown 's career-high 32 points.  Marcin Gortat  added 21 points and 14 rebounds. Recent acquisitions  Boris Diaw  (3-for-4 for six points, plus four assists and two steals in 18 minutes) and  Patty Mills  (scoreless in four minutes) made their Spurs' debuts.  Stephen Jackson , another new Spur, rested. "We're trying to work in two or three guys and figure out who should be playing," Spurs coach  Gregg Popovich  said. QUOTABLE:  "Tony is probably playing like an MVP more than at any time since he's been in the league. People should start talking about him more for the MVP."    -- Suns coach  Alvin Gentry  on Parker THE STAT:  The Spurs' bench outscored the Suns' reserves 34-22. The Suns' bench lacked Brown, who started in place of the Suns' defensive specialist,  Grant Hill , who sat out with a sore knee. TURNING POINT:  The Spurs, using a mix of starters and reserves, were too much for the Suns' bench early in the fourth quarter. They stretched an 84-83 lead heading into the final quarter to 96-87. Then, coming out of a timeout,  Steve Nash  and  Channing Frye  turned it over, Parker hit a 10-footer, then  Kawhi Leonard  nailed a 3-pointer to seal it. QUOTABLE II:  "There's going to be a very robust discussion about goaltending."    -- NBA commissioner  David Stern , suggesting increased use of instant replay, at a pre-game news conference. Deputy commissioner  Adam Silver  said of the likely heavier use of replay, "Over time, it's inevitable, given the advances in technology." HOT:  The Suns' Brown had a career night: He shot 11-for-18, including 5-for-10 on 3-pointers, for 32 points. NOT:  The Suns'  Jared Dudley , who had been enjoying the highest scoring month of his career (15.7 points) took only four shots and finished with only two points. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  In his last two games, the Brown has averaged 24.0 points. ROOKIE WATCH:  For the Spurs, Leonard had 14 points and seven rebounds. For the Suns,  Markieff Morris  failed to score in seven minutes. NOTABLE:  The Spurs are 12-2 in their last 14 road games after a 2-8 start away from home. UP NEXT:  For the Spurs, Wednesday @ Sacramento, Saturday vs. Indiana and Tuesday @ Cleveland. For the Suns, Wednesday @ L.A. Clippers, Sunday vs. New Orleans and Tuesday @ Sacramento.  