Notebook: Heat 110, Cavaliers 108 
 
 
 Zachary Paul, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Nov 24, 2012 10:54 PM - Updated Sat Nov 24, 2012 10:54 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:   The Miami Heat defeated the Cleveland Cavaliers 110-108 Friday at AmericanAirlines Arena.  
 After trailing most of the game, the Heat took the lead for good when guard  Ray Allen  hit a 3-pointer with 18.2 seconds remaining. Trailing by two, the Cavs had a chance to force overtime. Guard  Jeremy Pargo  drove the lane, but his shot was blocked by the Heat's  Dwyane Wade .  LeBron James  led the Heat with 30 points and six rebounds while center  Chris Bosh  added 23 points and seven rebounds. Wade finished with 16 points, seven rebounds and four assists.  
 The Heat needed a 33-point fourth quarter, including 15 points by Allen, to overcome the hot-shooting Cavs. Cleveland shot 44 percent from the field but made 14 of 31 from the 3-point arc. The Cavs had eight players in double-figures, led by Pargo and  Dion Waiters , who each scored 16 points.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "First of all, Cleveland played a very good basketball game. They did enough to put themselves in position to win ... Our guys absolutely relish those moments in the fourth quarter, the competitiveness of a close game. We need to get out of here quick as we can before they put more seconds on the clock."
 -- Heat coach  Erik Spoelstra  said.  
 
 
 THE STAT:   The Heat shot 52 percent from the field and 47 percent from the 3-point arc.    
 
 TURNING POINT:  Trailing 108-101 with 1:58, the Heat scored the game's final nine points   
 
  HOT:  The Cavs nearly pulled off the upset behind their 3-point shooting. Six different players made baskets from the arc. Reserve  Omri Casspi  shot 4-of-4 from the 3-point line.     
 
 NOT:  The backcourt of Pargo and Waiters shot just 9 of 27 from the field. Their 3-point shooting was able to offset the poor shooting performance. Waiters and Pargo have trouble against Heat defenders  Mario Chalmers  and Wade.  
 
 GOOD MOVE:  After  Daniel Gibson 's 3-pointer gave the Cavs a seven-point lead with less than two minutes remaining, the Heat remained on the attack. James scored a quick basket that kept the Cavs on their heels and served as the beginning of the game-winning run.  
 
 BAD MOVE:  The Cavs became too dependent on the 3-point shot. With momentum shifting, there were a few questionable attempts from the arc. The misses ultimately led to the Heat climbing back into the game.  
 
 NOTABLE: Shane Battier  left the game in the fourth quarter with a knee strain. ... Cavs guard  Kyrie Irving  missed his third straight game with a broken finger. He is expected to miss a month. ... The Heat have won four straight and seven of eight against the Cavs. ... Miami is now 6-0 at home. ... Heat forward Bosh surpassed the 13,000-point plateau. 
 
 UP NEXT:   For the Heat, Thursday vs. Spurs, Saturday vs. Nets, Dec. 4 @ Wizards. For the Cavs, Monday @ Grizzlies, Tuesday vs. Suns, Friday @ Hawks.  
