  Thunder-Bulls notebook   By Kent McDill, for NBA.com Posted Monday December 6, 2010 11:58PM THE FACTS:   Carlos Boozer  had his best game as a Bull, scoring 29 points with 12 rebounds as the Bulls defeated visiting Oklahoma City 99-90 Monday.  Kevin Durant , the league's leading scorer, had 29 points but played less than three minutes in the third quarter as coach  Scott Brooks  benched him. In the showdown of two of the top young point guards in the league,  Derrick Rose  of Chicago had just 11 points (making just three of 13 shots) but had nine assists while the Thunder's  Russell Westbrook  had 15 points and seven assists. QUOTABLE : "We weren't playing well and I tried making a change and see if we could fashion more energy. It was my decision. Not sure whether it worked or not."     - Oklahoma City coach Scott Brooks on benching starters Durant and Jeff Green at the 9:14 mark of the third quarter. Durant reentered the game at the start of the fourth quarter. THE STAT:  The Thunder outscored the Bulls 28-10 from the free throw line and still lost by nine points. The Thunder shot just 35.4 percent (29 for 82) from the field while the Bulls were 10 for 17 (58.8 percent). TURNING POINT:  After scoring with a lightning-quick drive to the basket, Rose collected a missed shot by Oklahoma City's Jeff Harden with 2.3 seconds left, dribbled to just over the half court line and banked a 40-foot shot at the buzzer to give the Bulls an 82-66 lead going into the fourth quarter. THE MOMENT:  Late in the second quarter, Westbrook tipped the ball away from Rose and drove in for a lay-up, but he missed the shot under pressure.  Taj Gibson  of the Bulls picked up the rebound, got it to Rose, who sprinted up court to find Luol Deng outside left for a 3-pointer that gave the Bulls a 51-40 lead. HOT:  After a poor showing in his first two games, Boozer is back. He made 13 of 21 shots for 29 points for the Bulls and his 12 rebounds matched teammate  Joakim Noah  for game high. NOT:  Green was one for nine from the field Monday for Oklahoma City. BAD MOVE : When Brooks took Durant out of the game with 9:14 left in the third quarter, the Bulls had a 60-54 lead. When Durant reentered the game at the start of the fourth quarter, the Bulls were ahead 82-66. QUOTABLE II:  "I'm going to tell you, all I said was 'He hit me in the face.' I know I am animated, but I am only animated because I care. I didn't use any profanity. I just said "he hit me in the face' and I guess I moved my hand in a direction they didn't like. I wasn't being disrespectful."    - Bulls forward Carlos Boozer on his second half technical foul NOTABLE:  Noah got his 12 rebounds in just 20 minutes as he suffered foul trouble the entire game and fouled out in the final minute of the game. UP NEXT: For  the Bulls, Wednesday @ Cleveland, Friday vs. Lakers, Saturday vs. Minnesota. For the Thunder, Wednesday @ Minnesota, Friday @ New Orleans, Sunday vs. Cleveland.  