  Notebook: Trail Blazers 111, Nuggets 102   By Kerry Eggers, for NBA.com Posted Friday December 30, 2011 1:41AM THE FACTS:  Guards  Wesley Matthews, Raymond Felton  and  Jamal Crawford  combined for 70 points to lead Portland (3-0) past Denver (2-1) Thursday night, 111-102, at the Rose Garden. Matthews scored 25 points, Felton 23 and Crawford 22 as the Blazers won on a night when they lost the turnover battle 25-7.  Ty Lawson  led the Nuggets with 25 points and eight steals. QUOTABLE:  "We found a way to get a win. (The Nuggets) pose some matchup problems for you, trying to guard their spread offense and small unit. You don't win a lot of games with 25 turnovers. We were just too loose with the ball, too many guys trying to do too much. But when we needed to get stops, we made some plays. And Wesley got going, which opened things up and took some pressure off the perimeter shooting."   --  Portland coach  Nate McMillan . THE STAT:  Too many to single out just one. Portland outrebounded Denver 50-30. The Nuggets scored 29 points off Portland's 25 turnovers, the Blazers getting 10 points off Denver's seven giveaways. Denver had 16 steals to Portland's three and won the fast-break-points battle 28-11. The Nuggets missed their first 12 3-point attempts and finished 4 for 20 from beyond the arc while shooting .402 from the field. TURNING POINT:  Denver trailed 104-100 with two minutes left with Lawson driving toward a fast-break basket after a turnover. But Matthews poked the ball away from Lawson, and Felton buried a three to start a 7-0 run and put the win on ice. QUOTABLE II:  "We couldn't find an offensive rhythm ? or even an offensive player ? and we still stayed in the game."   --  Denver coach  George Karl . HOT:  Matthews found the zone in the third quarter, sinking four straight 3-pointers in a span of three minutes to take Portland from a 59-55 deficit to a 69-53 lead. NOT:  Denver guards  Andre Miller  and  Rudy Fernandez  ? both members of the Blazers a year ago ? combined to make 6 of 21 shots from the field. QUOTABLE III:  " Gerald (Wallace)  and L.A. ( LaMarcus Aldridge ), they've been carrying us. We figured we'd give them a little break tonight."   --  Crawford, on the performance of Blazer guards Crawford, Matthews and Felton. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Portland owner  Paul Allen  made his first appearance of the season, sitting in his customary seat underneath the basket by the Blazer bench. GOOD MOVE:  McMillan went to a three-guard lineup more than he had in Portland's first two games, giving Matthews, Felton and Crawford all more than 30 minutes. They rewarded him with stellar play. BAD MOVE:  Denver's  Danilo Gallinari  and  Al Harrington  were obviously not in a shooting groove, but they still kept firing away from 3-point range, going a combined 0-for-9. NOTABLE:  The 25-7 disparity in turnovers was the largest in Portland franchise history in a victory. UP NEXT:  For the Blazers, Sunday @ L.A. Clippers, Tuesday @ Oklahoma City, Thursday vs. Lakers. For the Nuggets, Saturday @ Lakers, Monday vs. Lakers, Tuesday vs. Milwaukee.  