  Raptors-Bucks notebook   By Rick Braun, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday February 8, 2011 11:23PM THE FACTS: John Salmons  returned to the starting lineup and scored 17 points, and the Milwaukee defense held Toronto to 36-percent shooting as the Bucks snapped a four-game skid with a 92-74 victory over the Raptors on Tuesday night at the Bradley Center. QUOTABLE:  "We've got to forget about our offense -- we're going to have good nights and bad nights there -- but if our defense can be consistent like it was tonight we have chances to win games and blow teams out. We only scored 92 points, and usually when an NBA team scores 92 it's not a blowout. But tonight we won by 18, so it was a good effort for us."   -- Bucks center  Andrew Bogut THE STAT:  The Raptors' 36-percent shooting (31-for-86) was a major improvement for the Milwaukee defense, which had allowed 50-percent or better in the previous four games, all losses. TURNING POINT:  Neither team was sharp in the first half, after which the Bucks led 40-38. But when the third quarter started, the Bucks forced turnovers on Toronto's first two possessions and opened the second half with an 11-2 run. The closest the Raptors ever got from there was six. QUOTABLE II:  "I'm just going to try to go down shooting; just play hard and whatever happens, happens. You can't be tentative, so I've just got to play and try to make things happen and hopefully things will turn around."   -- Salmons, whose 17 points were his most since scoring 17 back on Jan. 12 HOT:  Guard  DeMar DeRozan  was one of the few bright spots for the Raptors, scoring 18 points on 9-for-13 shooting. NOT:  Toronto point guard  Jose Calderon  was just 2-for-15, and forward  Sonny Weems  went 2-for-10. INSIDE THE ARENA:  The announced attendance of 11,975 marks the smallest crowd to see the Bucks this season, home or road. ROOKIE WATCH:  Toronto's  Ed Davis  claimed six rebounds in 26 minutes but had just two points. NOTABLE:  Neither team made a 3-pointer in the first three quarters, and the Raptors finished 0-for-10 from beyond the arc. The Bucks also were 0-for-10 before Salmons and  Carlos Delfino  each made a three in the fourth quarter. The Bucks finished 2-for-13 on threes. ... Bucks forward  Drew Gooden , who left the team last week to receive treatment for plantar fasciitis in his left foot, was back at the Bradley Center and reported that he's made strong progress since the treatment and he hopes to be back in less time than the 4-6 weeks the team estimated last week. ... Bucks forward  Luc Richard Mbah a Moute  had a double-double off the bench with 10 points and 14 rebounds. ... The Raptors started the game by making 5 of 8 shots but went just 3-for-17 the rest of the first quarter. UP NEXT:  For the Raptors, Wednesday vs. San Antonio, Friday vs. Portland, Sunday vs. Los Angeles Clippers. For the Bucks, Wednesday @ Washington, Friday @ Memphis, Saturday vs. Indiana.  