  Heat-Bobcats Notebook   By Derek S. Smith, for NBA.com Posted Friday February 4, 2011 10:46PM THE FACTS:   Dwyane Wade  scored a team-best 22 points and recorded his fourth career triple-double, leading the Miami Heat to a 109-97 win over the Charlotte Bobcats Friday night at Time Warner Cable Arena.  LeBron James  added 19 points as six Heat players scored in double figures while  Gerald Wallace  and  Stephen Jackson  each scored 25 points for the Bobcats. QUOTABLE:  "Tonight I just wanted to come out and give my team something. I was just concentrating on making plays and rebounding and happened to get some points along the way too. We've really been playing well of late. We just need to keep it going out there."  -  Wade THE STAT:  Points off turnovers. Miami scored 31 points off of 16 Charlotte turnovers converting the Bobcats mistakes at an amazingly efficient pace. The Bobcats, on the other hand, were only able to score 11 points off 12 turnovers by the Heat. TURNING POINT:  Hot start in the fourth: Miami got instant offense from  Eddie House  to start off the fourth quarter. House sank a trio of three pointers in the first two minutes of the final quarter. He also added a steal which led to a three as the Heat extended their lead from six to 12 points and stole the momentum from the scrappy Bobcats. QUOTABLE II:  "We're playing good basketball right now. We feel whole finally. Everyone is feeling confident that they can make a contribution right now. No one is worrying about playing time or stats. We just go out and play. It was just a fun night of basketball."  -  James HOT:  James. The Heat forward was close to being the second player with a triple-double Friday night. James finished with 19 points, eight rebounds and nine assists a night after scoring an NBA season-best 51 points. James is averaging 31.6 over his last seven games. He has also scored 20 or more for the 15th consecutive game and 42nd time this year. NOT:   D.J. Augustin.  The Charlotte point guard scored just four points on one-for-six shooting with five turnovers and no steals against Miami Friday night. Augustin came into the game averaging 17.0 points over the last five outings. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:   Wade recorded his fourth career triple-double and the first since January 13, 2006 in Seattle with his 22-points, 12-rebound, 10-assist performance. Wade shot 40 percent from the floor with a three pointer as well a night after hurting his back in Orlando. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Time Warner Cable Arena had its fair share of celebrity sightings Friday night. Owner  Michael Jordan  was in his seats adjacent to the Bobcats bench. Also seen in the arena ACC legend  David Thompson , Carolina Panthers quarterback  Jimmy Clausen  and wrestling great  Ric Flair . ROOKIE WATCH:  Bobcats guard  Sherron Collins  was the only rookie to see action Friday night. Collins played two minutes and logged three points. Heat rookie  Dexter Pittman  was inactive and playing for the D-League's Sioux Falls Skyforce. NOTABLE:   Juwan Howard  did not make this road trip for the Heat. He was excused to attend the funeral of a friend. Stephen Jackson recorded his 22nd game this year of 20 points or more. The Heat placed six players in double figures Friday. Miami is now 10-3 in the second night of back-to-backs. Gerald Wallace had his tenth double-double of the year with his 25-point, 10-rebound night. Eddie House has scored in double figures in eight of the last 10 games after his 14-point performance Friday. Miami has won five straight games and are now 22 games over .500 for the first time this season. UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Sunday vs. Clippers, Tuesday vs. Indiana, Friday @ Detroit. For the Bobcats, Saturday vs. Dallas, Monday vs. Boston, Wednesday @ Indiana.  