  Raptors-Cavaliers notebook   By Brian Dulik, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday December 27, 2011 12:20AM THE FACTS:  Point guard  Jose Calderon  and shooting guard  DeMar DeRozan  scored 15 points apiece, leading the Toronto Raptors to a 104-96 victory over the Cleveland Cavaliers. Calderon also dished out a game-high 11 assists and grabbed six rebounds in decisively outplaying Cleveland counterpart  Kyrie Irving , the No. 1 overall pick in the NBA Draft, who had six points and seven assists in his professional debut. It was the season opener for both teams. QUOTABLE:  "Everybody who stepped on the floor contributed in some way or another. I liked what I saw tonight, but this is a process. The good thing is we've got 65 more games to find out how far we can go."  --  Raptors head coach  Dwane Casey THE STAT:  Toronto recorded 35 assists on its 42 field goals -- an especially impressive feat on the road. All 10 Raptors had at least one helper in the first half, while nine of them finished with two or more. Calderon led the way with 11, followed by small forward  James Johnson's  five and shooting guard  Leandro Barbosa's  four. "I always say, 'Trust the pass,' and my guys did," Casey said. "They trusted each other, and found the open man." TURNING POINT:  DeRozan scored six straight Raptors points midway through the fourth quarter after Cleveland had cut its deficit to 88-85. He buried 17- and 21-footers in the faces of defenders, then finished his personal run by cutting to the hoop for a layup. The Cavaliers never got closer than five points the rest of the way. "I was just finishing," DeRozan said. "Coach called my name and said, 'Hey, go out there and do what you have to do to finish this game.'" QUOTABLE II:  "Obviously, that was not the start we wanted to get off to. We can't afford, as a team, to dig ourselves a hole, be down double digits, and expect to come back."  --  Cavaliers head coach  Byron Scott. HOT:  Raptors center  Amir Johnson  had 13 points, a game-high 13 rebounds, three assists, and three blocked shots. He also displayed great chemistry on lobs with Calderon. "Amir did a great job, really as much as you can, against a great player like  (Anderson) Varejao ," Casey said.    Toronto power forward  Ed Davis  was a perfect 7-of-7 shooting. ... Cavaliers power forward  Tristan Thompson  -- the No. 4 overall pick in the NBA Draft -- had 12 points and five boards in 17 strong minutes off the bench. "Tristan was all over the court, very active for us," Varejao said. NOT:  Former Duke standout Irving missed nine of his first 10 shots en route to finishing 2-of-12 from the field. He was 1-of-5 on 3-pointers and 1-of-1 from the foul line, but only committed one turnover in 26 minutes. "The only thing he didn't do well is shoot the ball," Scott said. ... In eight first-half minutes, Cavaliers center Ryan Hollins missed two dunks and had a third possible slam rejected at the rim by Toronto's  Jamaal Magloire . ... Power forward  Omri Casspi  misfired on all four of his field goal attempts in his first game with Cleveland. QUOTABLE III:  "This was a tough game for all of us. We didn't play well. But give Toronto credit, they made some big shots and got the defensive stops when they needed them."  --  Cavaliers center Anderson Varejao GOOD MOVE:  Casey started  Rasual Butler  at small forward, but opted to ride backup James Johnson for 36-plus minutes at the spot. The ultra-athletic Johnson responded in a variety of ways, collecting five points, six rebounds, five assists, two steals, and three blocked shots. Butler only logged 12 minutes because of foul trouble, scoring three points. BAD MOVE:  Cavaliers power forward  Antawn Jamison  was out of sync all evening, but Scott opted to put him in for Thompson at the 8:35 mark of the fourth. Jamison finished the game, but didn't record a rebound, assist, steal or blocked shot as Cleveland was outscored 20-16. He wound up 6-of-20 on field goal attempts and was even less effective on defense. NOTABLE:  Point guard Ramon Sessions scored a game-high 18 points with six assists in a reserve role for the Cavaliers, while Varejao had 14 points and a team-best 10 rebounds. ... Magloire became the first native of Canada to play in a regular season game for the Raptors... All nine of Toronto's nine blocked shots came in the first half. ... Cleveland drew a sellout crowd of 20,562 to its home opener at Quicken Loans Arena. ... The Raptors'  Anthony Carter ,  Solomon Alabi  and  Gary Forbes , and the Cavaliers'  Samardo Samuels ,  Christian Eyenga  and  Luke Harangody  all dressed, but did not play. UP NEXT:  For the Raptors, Wednesday vs. Indiana, Friday @ Dallas, Sunday @ Orlando. For the Cavaliers, Wednesday @ Detroit, Friday @ Indiana, Sunday vs. New Jersey.  