  Kings-Bucks notebook   By Jimmy Spencer, for NBA.com Posted Friday December 24, 2010 1:25AM THE FACTS:  The Milwaukee Bucks flexed their defensive strength and backup guard  Earl Boykins  scored a game-high 19 points as the Bucks earned a 84-79 road victory on Thursday night against the host Sacramento Kings. The Kings committed 25 turnovers and shot just 36.5 percent on the night. QUOTABLE:  "I understand there are a lot of frustrations right now. Who wouldn't be frustrated when you are 5-22?" --  Kings coach  Paul Westphal THE STAT:  Since starting with a 3-1 record early this season, the Kings are a grisly 2-21. The young team has undoubtedly regressed, dating back to last season. Going back a year, when Sacramento started the 2009-10 campaign at 13-14, the team has compiled a 17-65 record, a full season's worth of games. TURNING POINT:  The Kings continue to go cold late in games. Tonight, Sacramento led 75-69 before Milwaukee finished the game on a 15-4 run.  HOT:  Milwaukee's defense has now held its opponents to 79 points in back-to-back games. The Bucks earned a road victory in Los Angeles on Tuesday in which they held the Western Conference power Lakers to just 79 points. NOT:   Tyreke Evans  didn't score his first points until the final minutes of the fourth quarter and finished with four points on just 2-for-13 shooting and three assists. He didn't get many clean looks early, but also failed to convert on the open shots he was given. The question has been whether or not Evans' plantar fasciitis is the biggest detriment in slowing down his production this season. But in his postgame press conference, Westphal pointed to issues in Evans' personal life that were holding the reigning Rookie of the Year back. He didn't specify any further details to what those issues are. QUOTABLE II:  "I talked to Tyreke after the game and he has some things bothering him that I really don't think is anybody's business. There is more going on in his life. It's kind of a difficult time right now." --  Westphal on Evans' poor play ROOKIE WATCH: DeMarcus Cousins  did not start for Sacramento, a punishment for a taunting display in the Kings' loss to the Warriors on Tuesday. The rookie center made a choking motion directed at Warriors guard  Reggie Williams  after the Golden State guard missed a free throw in the fourth quarter. Despite not starting, Cousins played 12 minutes and scored just two points. Prior to tipoff on Thursday, Kings coach Paul Westphal said, "We decided that we needed to underline the fact that that's not acceptable behavior and use it as a constructive step in DeMarcus's career." GOOD MOVE:  The Bucks had a quick route to take Cousins out of the game. Milwaukee used forward  Jon Brockman , who played his rookie season with Sacramento before being traded in the offseason, against the Kings' new rookie big man. Both physical players, Brockman got the best of Cousins, drawing three offensive fouls on the young center. Cousins picked up his fourth offensive foul late in the fourth quarter in the lane against  Andrew Bogut . NOTABLE:  A reporter in the postgame news conference asked Westphal about a situation in the fourth quarter in which Cousins walked by Westphal, whose hand was out for a high-five. The rookie declined the high-five; so Westphal grabbed his hand and said something along the lines of, "Don't do that to me." The reporter then asked Westphal to explain the scene to which the coach answered pointedly: "No." ... The defensive presence of Bogut has been a key for the Bucks. In his last 24 games played (through the end of last season), a Milwaukee opponent has topped the century mark just two times. UP NEXT:  For the Bucks, Monday vs. Atlanta, Tuesday at Chicago, Saturday vs. Dallas. For the Kings, Monday vs. the Clippers, Wednesday vs. Memphis, Saturday at Denver.  