Notebook: Bulls 95, Grizzlies 91 
 
 
 Marlon W. Morgan, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Dec 31, 2013 12:15 AM - Updated Tue Dec 31, 2013 12:15 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  Chicago's 95-91 win at Memphis gave the Bulls their first road win against a Western Conference team this season. They were previously 0-6. 
 
 THE LEAD:  The Chicago Bulls bounced back from a blowout by picking up a tough road win at the Memphis Grizzlies Monday night, 95-91.  
 The Bulls (12-17) erased an eight-point second quarter deficit to take the lead for good as they were led by  Jimmy Butler 's season-high 26 points.  Carlos Boozer  had 21 points and 10 rebounds. The Grizzlies (13-17) were led by  Mike Conley 's game-high 26 points to go with nine assists, six rebounds and six steals. 
 
 QUOTABLE: " I'm watching how [Butler] is working. I know that it'll come around. He's put a lot of extra time in. I think being out there and playing is helping. His defense is terrific, but we need him running the floor and making his cuts, driving the ball and getting to the free throw line. Those are big plays for us."  
 -- Bulls coach  Tom Thibodeau  on Jimmy Butler still recovering from ankle injury 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Boozer entered the game averaging 20.1 points and 10.9 rebounds against the Grizzlies in 21 career games. His highest average against any team in the NBA. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Leading 46-44 at the half, the Bulls opened the third quarter with a 20-4 run that was keyed by Butler and Boozer. Butler scored 12 points and Boozer added four as the Bulls built a 66-48 cushion, their biggest lead of the game. 
 
 HOT:  After starting the game missing eight of his first 10 shots, Conley got hot in the second half when his team needed him. Conley made seven of his final nine shots and completed a trio of 3-point plays in the second half. Nineteen of his 26 points came in the second half. Conley was equally disruptive on the defensive end, picking up a season-high six steals.  
 
 NOT:  Neither team took care of the basketball as they both committed 21 turnovers, marking a season high for the Grizzlies.  Zach Randolph  led the Grizzlies with five turnovers and  Tony Allen  had four. For the Bulls, Boozer,  Joakim Noah, Taj Gibson  and  D.J. Augustin  each had four. The Grizzlies snapped a franchise-tying three-game streak with single digit turnovers. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "They bottled us up, especially with their size. We just tried to keep it in the middle and tried to turn [Conley] loose to attack their bigs. Mike is our primary ball handler and playmaker. He did a great job at that. He took some hits, but he has got a heart of a champion."  
 -- Grizzlies coach Dave Joerger 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  The Bulls trailed 28-20 early in the second quarter when Augustin came off the bench to jumpstart his team's offense. Augustin dished out eight of his nine assists in the second quarter as the Bulls took a 46-44 halftime lead. ... Grizzlies forward  James Johnson  wanted to play well against the team that drafted him in the first round in 2009 out of Wake Forest. Johnson, who didn't particularly shoot well (4-for-13), but did have 13 points and 10 rebounds for his first double-double of the season. He also had three assists and three blocked shots before fouling out with 4:10 remaining in the game. ... Butler made a career-high 12 free throws in 14 attempts. ... After setting season highs in bench scoring in the last two games with 51 and 62 points, the Grizzlies got just 27 from its non-starters against the Bulls. Johnson was the only reserve to reach double figures after four players did Saturday night against Denver. ... The Bulls had a season-high 10 blocked shots. Noah and Gibson both had four. ... The Grizzlies were 0-for-5 from 3-point range, the first time this season they failed to make a 3-pointer. The last time they were failed to make a 3-pointer was Jan. 24, 2011 against Toronto. ... The Grizzlies tied their season high with 13 steals, while the Bulls set a season high also with 13. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Tuesday vs. Toronto, Thursday vs. Boston, Saturday vs. Atlanta. For the Grizzlies, Thursday @ Phoenix, Friday @ Denver, Sunday @ Detroit. 
