
 Rockets-Wizards notebook   By John Mitchell, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday November 10, 2010 11:07PM THE FACTS:  Washington Wizards point guard  John Wall  collected the first triple-double of his career to lead the Wizards past the visiting Houston Rockets 98-91 Wednesday at Verizon Center. Wall finished with 19 points, 13 assists and 10 rebounds in leading the Wizards (2-4) to just their second victory of the season.  Andray Blatche  had 20 points and 11 rebounds and  Al Thornton  added 20 points for the Wizards.  Kevin Martin  led Houston (1-6) with a game-high 31 points. Houston's  Yao Ming  left the game in the first quarter with what the team described as strained tendon in his left leg. QUOTABLE:  "He has the ability to electrify and that's what he does. We talked about a lot of the great point guards in the league and he has been watching a lot of John Stockton. He pointed out how Stockton plays under control and controls the tempo. That's what he wants to do," -- Wizards coach  Flip Saunders  describing on John Wall THE STAT:  The Wizards were just 14-for-22 from the free throw line yet still won the game. The Rockets were 17-for-19. TURNING POINT:  The Rockets limit the play of Yao every night. However, Yao played just 6:14 seconds before exiting the game for good in the first quarter. The Rockets reported the injury as a strained tendon in his left ankle. QUOTABLE II:  "I have no idea."  --   Houston coach  Rick Adelman  on the severity of Yao's injury HOT:  Thornton followed up his 23-point performance against Cleveland with 20. ROOKIE WATCH:  Wall, after committing 23 turnovers in the three previous games, committed just one against Houston. NOTABLE:  The game was broadcast back in China where an estimated 400 million were expected to watch the game. The game featured Chinese players Yao Ming and Yi Jianlian. UP NEXT:  For the Wizards, Friday vs. Charlotte Saturday at Chicago, Tuesday vs. Toronto. For the Rockets, Friday at Indiana, Sunday at New York, Tuesday vs. Chicago. 
