  Nets-Hawks notebook   By Jake Appleman, for NBA.com Posted Sunday December 19, 2010 4:55PM THE FACTS:  The New Jersey Nets saved their best for last, using 27-point fourth quarter to run away from the Hawks 89-82 at the Prudential Center.  Devin Harris  (22 points, eight assists, six rebounds) led the Nets to their second home victory over the Hawks in as many months.  Mike Bibby  pitched in 19 points in defeat. QUOTABLE:  "Shoot. Just Shoot." -  Harris, on his mental state against the Hawks. Nets coach  Avery Johnson  had said he wanted Harris to take 20-plus shots before the game. Harris had 18 field goal attempts and 9 free throw attempts. THE STAT:  After the Hawks sank nine of their first 12 field goals, they connected on just 20-62 (32.2%) the rest of the way. TURNING POINT:  Out of a timeout,  Travis Outlaw  drilled a corner 3-pointer to give the Nets an 83-73 lead late in the fourth quarter. The closest the Hawks got after that was five. QUOTABLE II:  "I can put it on the record that I'm still waiting for them to ship it out, so hopefully I'll get them for the next home game." --  New acquisition  Sasha Vujacic , discussing the wait for his Nets-colored shoes. He wore shoes with Lakers colors during his Prudential Center debut. HOT:   Stephen Graham  started his second game for the Nets and recorded a season-high 10 points on 5-8 from the floor. NOT: Josh Smith  and  Joe Johnson  combined to shoot 7-25 from the floor. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Vujacic (10 points, six rebounds, three assists) intermittently sparkled for the Nets. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Prior to the opening tip,  Brook Lopez  (16 points, six rebounds) thanked the Nets fans for their support and wished them Happy Holidays... Maria Sharapova  sat baseline courtside, 10-15 feet from the media seating... Naughty by Nature 's "Hip Hop Hooray" blared over the arena loudspeaker when  Troy Murphy  tied the game at 62-62 with a dunk off of penetration ROOKIE WATCH: Derrick Favors  (three first half fouls, one nice inbounds pass underneath, a critical and-one to give the Nets a 69-64 lead) was effective in spurts and saw some action at the center position. NOTABLE:  Smith picked up two fouls in the first 48 seconds of the game, which put him pace for 96 fouls per 48 minutes...Harris scored nine points in the first half of the first quarter ...The game featured three members that played for last season's champion Lakers ( Josh Powell , Vujacic and  Jordan Farmar )...Two Crawfords (Jamal, Jordan) and Pape Sy were inactive for the Hawks...The backup center matchup featured two foreign-born players that wear the number 27 ( Johan Petro  and  Zaza Pachulia )...Farmar tied the game at 34-34 with a wing 3-pointer off of a steal and pass from Vujacic...Vujacic's propensity to gamble on defense, with the predictable mixed results, was on full display...Midway through the fourth quarter, Vujacic saved a ball from bouncing into the first row of media seating, rocking the table in the process...The Nets bench outscored the Hawks bench 30-11... UP NEXT:  For the Hawks, Monday vs. Orlando, Wednesday vs. Cleveland, Sunday @ New Orleans. For the Nets, Tuesday @ Memphis, Wednesday @ New Orleans, Monday (27th) vs. Orlando.  