  Notebook: Pistons 88, Lakers 85 Posted Tuesday March 6, 2012 11:38PM By Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Guard  Rodney Stuckey  scored 34 points, including six in overtime, as the Detroit Pistons surprised the Los Angeles Lakers 88-85 Tuesday at The Palace. The Lakers'  Kobe Bryant  sent the game to overtime with a 19-foot jumper as the regulation buzzer sounded but shot just 8 of 26 from the field while scoring 22 points. Center  Andrew Bynum  led the Lakers with 30 points and 14 rebounds. QUOTABLE:  "The way the Lakers play a lot of times, if you pick up your energy and get a couple of fast-break baskets, you can get back in the game. They're a very patient team on offense, so if you create turnovers and don't let their bigs get offensive rebounds, you can get out on the break and get a flow going."   -- Pistons forward  Tayshaun Prince  on his team erasing a seven-point, fourth-quarter deficit. THE STAT:  0-14. The Pistons, who led by four at halftime, missed their first 14 shots in the second half and scored just nine third-quarter points. But they showed some unusual resilience for a 13-26 club, shooting 56 percent in the fourth quarter and overtime while committing just one turnover. TURNING POINT:  With his team trailing 83-80, Stuckey made several clutch plays. He hit an 18-foot jumper, then took a charge against  Pau Gasol . Prince, who guarded Bryant a majority of the game, made a 17-foot jumper with 1:22 remaining in overtime off a Stuckey feed to give Detroit the lead for good. Stuckey added two free throws with 36.8 seconds left. QUOTABLE II:  "I'm just reading what the defense is doing. I know when I get the ball off a miss, my mindset is to push it as fast as I can while the defense is not set. That allows me to get to the basket and get fouled or something like that."   -- Stuckey on his big offensive night HOT:  Stuckey's offense has been a critical component in Detroit's last five victories. He has averaged 28 points in those wins, including 29 against Charlotte, 36 against Sacramento and 25 against Boston. He has lifted his season average to 15.5 ppg after a slow start. NOT:  The Lakers' reserves had a poor night, getting outscored 32-7 by Detroit's bench.  Matt Barnes ,  Steve Blake  and  Troy Murphy  were held without a field goal while playing a combined 64 minutes. The Pistons, in contrast, were able to climb back into the game with a 20-4 second-quarter run with their bench's assistance. GOOD MOVE:  Pistons coach  Lawrence Frank  decided to shadow Bryant with Prince after halftime instead of Stuckey, who picked up two first-quarter fouls. Bryant shot 6 of 16 after the break, including three missed 3-pointers in overtime. The switch also conserved Stuckey's energy for the offensive end. BAD MOVE:  Lakers forward  Metta World Peace  has to stop hanging around the 3-point line. He missed all five of his attempts, dropping his season average to 24.1 percent. NOTABLE:   Ben Gordon  had 15 points off the bench for Detroit. ... The Lakers dropped to 6-13 on the road. ... Detroit is 9-6 after a 4-20 start. ... Gasol had 20 points and 10 rebounds. ... Pistons leading scorer  Greg Monroe  was held to a season-low two points on 1 of 10 shooting but grabbed 15 rebounds. UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Wednesday @ Washington, Friday @ Minnesota, Sunday vs. Boston. For the Pistons, Friday vs. Atlanta, Saturday vs. Toronto, Monday @ Utah.  