  Notebook: Jazz 88, Warriors 87   By Geoff Lepper, for NBA.com Posted Sunday January 8, 2012 2:38AM THE FACTS:   Gordon Hayward  scored 18 points, including a go-ahead free throw with 11 seconds left, and the Utah Jazz pulled out their first road victory of the season, 88-87 against the Golden State Warriors on Saturday. Utah survived a game-high 32 points from Golden State's  Monta Ellis , whose fadeaway 12-footer at the buzzer drew iron but elicited no joy for the sellout crowd of 19,596 at Oracle Arena.  Al Jefferson  had 15 points, eight rebounds and three steals for the Jazz, who erased a seven-point deficit in the final 7:45. QUOTABLE:  "It feels great to get this first win on the road. . . . When we got down, we didn't break at all. The guys kept encouraging each other, 'Come on, we right in there.' It was just great to be a part of."   -- Utah coach  Tyrone Corbin THE STAT:  The Jazz shot just 39.5 percent from the floor and allowed the Warriors to go 36.8 percent from the 3-point arc. But Utah converted 17 Golden State turnovers into 25 points -- including Hayward's free throw at the 11-second mark, a play that began with  Raja Bell  forcing a bad pass from Ellis and the Jazz turning it into a fastbreak at the other end. Hayward was fouled and converted one of two to break an 87-all tie for the last of six lead changes on the night. TURNING POINT:  The Warriors were leading 87-85 with less than two minutes to go when  Klay Thompson  came up with a critical steal off a poor Hayward pass. Golden State's first-round pick raced downcourt in a 2-on-1 break with Ellis at his side. But Thompson missed Ellis' signal to throw a lob pass, instead lasering the ball into the midsection of an airborne Ellis. Ellis tried to recover but missed a twisting 5-footer; Golden State wouldn't score again. QUOTABLE II:  "It was a relief. . . . Finally pulled one out on the road after getting blown out in the other one. So I think it's telltale that we got the win on a defensive stop. That's what coach has been harping on us for, playing better defense."  -- Hayward HOT:  Ellis bore the brunt of dragging the Warriors' offense in the absence of point guard  Stephen Curry , and that translated to a never-ending parade to the foul line. Ellis went 16-for-17 to set a career high in made free throws. GOOD MOVE:  After allowing the Jazz to shoot 50 percent well into the second quarter, the Warriors' coaching staff switched things up with a 2-3 zone that dared the Jazz -- who came in ranked 26th in the league on 3-point shooting, at 26.8 percent -- to make open long-range jumpers. Utah went 18-for-53 the rest of the way (34.0 percent) from the floor and almost lost their fourth road game in as many tries because of it. BETTER MOVE:  Bell sat on the bench for most of the fourth quarter, but after Ellis blew by  Josh Howard  for a back-to-back hoops to give Golden State an 85-81 lead, Jazz coach  Tyrone Corbin  made his move. Bell came in and helped make life tough for Ellis on his final two possessions, even though the Warriors' leading scorer still felt he had a good look at the buzzer. QUOTABLE III:  "I told the guys, 'You think that the game was won or lost with Monta Ellis' runner, but that's not real basketball.' We didn't execute two 2-on-1 fast breaks. We didn't close out possessions defensively by gang rebounding. We allowed them second-shot opportunities. We made mistakes. We turned the basketball over. Give us one of those plays back, and we win the ballgame. Those are winning plays, and so many players seem to ignore those plays because the one that is shown is the runner in the lane. We lost the game before that."   -- Warriors coach  Mark Jackson FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:   Nate Robinson , playing in his second game with the Warriors, continues to make a big impact with Curry gone. Robinson provided 11 points and five assists in 27 minutes Saturday. ROOKIE WATCH:  Utah's  Enes Kanter  latched onto seven rebounds in just 14 minutes. He also added six points and two blocks. NOTABLE:  Warriors center  Andris Biedrins  did not dress because of a sprained right ankle and toe. Kwame Brown started in his place and had eight points and seven rebounds in 31 minutes. . . . Golden State's  David Lee  had his third double-double of the season with 13 points and a season-high 15 boards. . . . Utah's  Derrick Favors  was the Jazz's biggest weapon off the bench, with 12 points, 10 rebounds and two blocks. . . .  Brandon Rush  went 4-for-6 from beyond the arc to tally 14 points for the Warriors. UP NEXT:  For the Warriors, Tuesday vs. Miami, Thursday vs. Orlando, Saturday @ Charlotte. For the Jazz, Tuesday vs. Cleveland, Wednesday vs. Lakers, Saturday vs. New Jersey.  