  Magic-Bucks notebook   By Rick Braun, for NBA.com Posted Sunday December 5, 2010 12:26AM THE FACTS: Andrew Bogut  returned from a five-game absence to post 31 points and 18 rebounds and he survived a minute's worth of free throw torture to lead the Milwaukee Bucks to a 96-85 victory over the short-handed Orlando Magic on Saturday night in Milwaukee.  Brandon Jennings  added 27 points and six assists as the Bucks (7-12) snapped a six-game winning streak for the Magic (15-5). QUOTABLE:  "It's very frustrating. I feel like I let my teammates down in the sense that if I make five more free throws we win the game by 16 and the game is much more comfortable. Making my free throws is important for me, especially being a big guy and being around the basket."    -- Bogut, who despite his 31 points and 18 rebounds in the victory seemed upset with himself in the locker room after making just five of 16 free throws, including eight straight misses in the fourth quarter. THE STAT:  While his 31 points and 18 rebounds gave Bogut big-number night, his 5-for-16 night at the free-throw line included eight straight misses in the span from 4:23 to 2:28 of the fourth quarter. At that point Bogut was 2-for-13 from the line, but he made the second of two with 2:28 left and then swished a pair 14 seconds later to make his last three. TURNING POINT:  The Bucks maintained a lead between six and 13 points throughout the third quarter and early fourth quarter but could never shake the Magic. A  Jason Williams  3-pointer got Orlando within 73-67 with 10:36 left, but Bogut tipped in a miss by  John Salmons  with 10:16 left. After another 3-pointer by Williams, a 10-footer by Salmons and another tip-in by Bogut started a 9-2 run that pushed the lead back to 84-72 with 7:01 left. QUOTABLE II:  "Bogut was hitting tonight, and with them missing  Dwight Howard  we were able to get in there and take it to the rack more."   -- Bucks guard Brandon Jennings HOT:  Bogut finished 13-for-20 from the field. NOT:  Bogut went just 5-for-16 from the line, and that became somewhat contagious as Jennings went just 6-for-10 and Salmons went 2-for-6 from the line. Bogut entered the game at just 46.3 percent from the line, but Jennings entered at 79.3 percent and Salmons was at 80.6 percent before Saturday. GOOD MOVE:  While Bogut ate up the Magic inside, he couldn't get it done from 15 feet, so Magic coach  Stan Van Gundy  started having his players intentionally foul the center off the ball before the Bucks could even get the ball upcourt. Five times between the 3:12 and 2:14 marks Bogut went to the line. He missed the first seven shots but made the last three, giving the Bucks an 89-80 lead. In the final two minutes, intentional fouls off the ball result in the free throws and retained possession, so that was it for the Hack-an-Aussie strategy. ROOKIE WATCH:  Milwaukee's  Larry Sanders  started his fourth straight game -- this time at power forward in place of  Drew Gooden  (plantar fasciitis). Sanders started the previous three games in place of Bogut (back). He finished with four points and five rebounds in 23 minutes. NOTABLE:  The Magic played without superstar center Dwight Howard, guards  Jameer Nelson  and  J.J. Reddick  and forward  Mickael Pietrus  -- all of whom were sent home because of a stomach flu virus. They also were without forward  Ryan Anderson , who suffered a sprain of his right mid-foot Friday night in Detroit. With Howard not guarding the basket the Bucks went down the lane with no fear and ended up only attempting eight 3-pointers. Bogut was 13-for-20 from the field, with none of his shots coming from more than eight feet. UP NEXT:  For the Magic, Monday vs. Atlanta, Thursday @ Portland, Friday @ Utah. For the Bucks, Monday vs. Miami, Wednesday vs. Indiana, Friday vs. Houston.  