  Notebook: Spurs 103, Nets 89 Posted Sunday February 12, 2012 12:12AM By Jake Appleman, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  With the word "Chaps" (short for Chaparrals, the team's original A.B.A. name) scrawled across the front of their Hardwood Classic jerseys, the San Antonio Spurs played like that a group that had been friends forever, fitting given the team's long-tenured leaders. Led by  Gary Neal's  18, six Spurs scored in double figures and they defeated the Nets, 103-89, in a game that was never really in doubt after a close first quarter. Contrasting the Spurs' impressive balance,  Deron Williams  (27 points, eight assists, 9-23 shooting) was often left to his lonesome to try and bring the Nets back, as their shooters were stifled and their big men couldn't handle the Spurs inside. QUOTABLE:  "The bench has sustained us all year. It's why we've kept our head above water. Our entire bench has been fantastic. Tim Duncan has played fewer minutes this season than he ever has. He understands what we're doing."   --  Spurs head coach  Gregg Popovich. THE STAT:  Only one Spur that played over ten minutes shot under 50 percent from the floor. That was player was  Tony Parker , who provided the game's... TURNING POINT:  Parker's consecutive layups to open the scoring in the second quarter put the Spurs up 28-22. The first bucket came in transition and the second was of the twisting, acrobatic variety. The Nets never really threatened after that. QUOTEABLE II:  "We gotta start beating teams like Detroit if we think we're going to come in and beat San Antonio."   --  Nets forward  Kris Humphries , on the team's struggles. The Nets lost consecutive games to the Pistons before losing to the Spurs. QUOTEABLE III:  "That's our system. Our system is not a one-on-one type situation...On any given night, anyone can hit double digits."   --  Spurs guard,  Danny Green  (10 points), on the Spurs' style. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Former New York Giants punter  Sean Landeta  was shown on the Jumbotron in the first quarter...ESPN personality  Michelle Beadle  sat near the court...A decent number of fans wore Spurs gear and held up signs in the crowd. ROOKIE WATCH:  For the Nets,  MarShon Brooks  (seven points, five rebounds, 2-10 shooting) struggled in his return to the starting lineup and  Jordan Williams  played sparingly. For the Spurs,  Kawhi Leonard  (five points, eight rebounds) played good defense and made some nice plays while  Cory Joseph  saw over two minutes of garbage time. NOTABLE: Manu Ginobili  checked in to nice applause in midway through the first quarter. Ginobili collected eight points and four assists in 17 minutes in his return after missing 22 games with a fractured fifth metacarpal. His first basket was a pretty layup in transition...The Spurs started the game on a 13-5 run... DeJuan Blair  was all over the court in the first quarter, hustling to loose balls and dominating inside...Humphries converted a long alley-oop dunk off of a feed from  Jordan Farmar  late in the second quarter and landed flat on his back... UP NEXT:  For the Spurs, Tuesday @ Detroit, Wednesday @ Toronto, Saturday @ LA Clippers. For the Nets, Wednesday vs. Memphis, Thursday @ Indiana, Saturday @ Chicago.  