  Notebook: Thunder 109, Suns 97 Posted Thursday April 19, 2012 1:23AM By Mike Tulumello, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  If the Phoenix Suns play the Oklahoma City Thunder in the playoffs, they'll need to find somebody who can guard  James Harden . The NBA's likely sixth-man-of-the-year winner scored a career high 40 and dealt a blow to the Suns' playoff hopes in the Thunder's 109-97 win Wednesday in Arizona. The Thunder (45-17), No. 2 in the West, remained a half-game behind No. 1 San Antonio Spurs. The Suns slipped back to No. 9 in the West's playoff battle, though they still can clinch the post-season by wining their final four games. But that would mean beating the Los Angeles Clippers at home Thursday, the No. 7. Denver Nuggets at home Saturday, the No. 8 Utah Jazz in Salt Lake City Tuesday, then the San Antonio Spurs at home Wednesday. The Jazz can take the final spot by winning their three remaining games, all at home: Saturday vs. Orlando, Tuesday vs. the Suns and Thursday vs. fast- fading Portland. "We didn't play sharp," said the Suns'  Steve Nash . "We missed layups and free throws. "And Harden got loose. It was too much to overcome. Hopefully, we can wash this away and go for broke (against the Clippers Thursday)." The Suns came out energized in grabbing a 19-6 lead. But Harden put up 19 points in the first half, while the Thunder defense -- No. 4 in defensive field goal percentage at .427 -- shut the Suns down in taking a 52-45 halftime lead. The game was close but took a turn in the Thunder's favor at the end of the third quarter. That's when  Derek Fisher  nailed a 20-footer to beat the buzzer. Then, seconds into the fourth quarter, the Suns failed to grab a loose ball, Fisher picked it up and threw up a 3-pointer. He missed but was fouled by  Sebastian Telfair . Fisher hit all three free throws. His 5-0 run gave the Thunder an 85-77 lead, one they never surrendered. Jared Dudley  led the Suns with 21 points. The Suns were without their defensive specialist,  Grant Hill , who sat out with a sore knee. Hill has had success in guarding  Kevin Durant . The Suns, with Dudley taking the lead, still kept Durant (10-for-20 for 29 points) within reason. But they had nobody to guard Harden. The Suns are hoping Hill can return Thursday, where he might be used to guard  Chris Paul . QUOTABLE:  "We wanted him to see a crowd...four hands. We did a good job. Our rotations were on point, and we got out to the shooters."   --  Thunder head coach  Scott Brooks  on defending Nash, who had just five assists plus five turnovers.  THE STAT:  The Thunder hit 31-for-34 on free throws. TURNING POINT:  When Harden entered the game with the Suns leading, 21-11 lead. The Thunder sixth man, mostly guarded by  Shannon Brown , quickly scored 10 points as the Thunder took a 29-25 lead at quarter's end. QUOTABLE II:  "After Kobe and Wade, who's the next best 2-guard? You'd be hard-pressed to fin a 2-guard who's playing better. He's really right there."   --  Suns head coach  Alvin Gentry  on Harden. He said this before tipoff, then Harden went out and scored a career-high 40. HOT:  Harden hit 12-for-17, including 5-for-8 on 3-pointers. He also nailed all 11 of his free throws. NOT:  The Suns missed nine (of 32) crucial free throws. INSIDE THE ARENA:  The Suns inducted  John MacLeod , the winningest coach in franchise history, into their Ring of Honor at halftime. NOTABLE:  The Suns need one more win to record their 30th winning season out of 44 in franchise history. UP NEXT:  For the Thunder, Friday @ Sacramento, Sunday @ Los Angeles Lakers and Tuesday vs. Kings. For the Suns, Thursday vs. Los Angeles Clippers, Saturday vs. Nuggets and Tuesday @ Utah.  