  Magic-Bulls notebook   By Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com Posted Friday March 4, 2011 11:34PM THE FACTS: Derrick Rose  scored 24 points and the Chicago Bulls shut down Orlando's perimeter offense in an 89-81 victory over the Magic. One night after the Magic's dramatic comeback victory in Miami, the Bulls dominated them on the boards and held them to 6-for-23 shooting from 3-point range. Dwight Howard  led the Magic with 20 points and 10 rebounds, but Howard was assessed his 16th technical foul of the season. Unless it is rescinded, he will be suspended for Monday night's home game against Portland. QUOTABLE:  "We watched the (Magic) game last night and did our homework. They came back by the three, and in that Miami game Dwight did a great job of passing out to the shooters and they were hitting them."   --Bulls forward  Carlos Boozer . QUOTABLE II:  "They had some good looks that they normally make, but we made the effort to get out. Even if we were late, we still made the effort to get out there and get a hand up, and you have to do that with this team."   -- Bulls coach  Tom Thibodeau . THE STAT:  The Bulls had a 50-30 rebounding advantage. It was the largest margin by which Orlando has been outrebounded since April 1, 2008, when New Orleans had a 51-30 edge. QUOTABLE III:  "That one's pretty easy to explain ... I'm not saying that we didn't do some other things poorly, too, but the two teams were fairly evenly matched other than they just absolutely dominated us on the glass."   -- Magic coach  Stan Van Gundy . TURNING POINT:  A 14-0 run in the second quarter left the Bulls with a 13-point lead they never lost. HOT: Kyle Korver  went 3-for-3 from 3-point range to clinch the Bulls' victory in the final 4:17. NOT:  In the last three games,  Hedo Turkoglu  has produced five points in 73 minutes. He has scored in double figures in only one of the Magic's last nine games. GOOD MOVE: Joakim Noah  and  Omer Asik  didn't put up flashy numbers and spent 11 fouls doing it, but they did a better job of neutralizing Howard than most center tandems and induced seven turnovers from the Magic center. BAD MOVE:  Howard threw his elbow up with 1:41 left in the first half, drawing his 16th technical foul of the season, and then missed four straight free throws. IN THE ARENA:  Hall of Famers  Julius Erving  and  Karl Malone  attended the game. ROOKIE WATCH:  Bulls center Omer Asik had five points, a game-high 13 rebounds and a huge block in the fourth quarter while playing a career-high 31 minutes. NOTABLE:  After scoring 34 and 44 points in the two preceding games, the Magic bench did not score until  J.J. Redick  nailed a 3-pointer with 3:33 left in the third quarter ... The Bulls lead the NBA in rebound percentage ... The Magic had five offensive rebounds in the entire game, all of them by Howard. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Sunday @ Miami Monday vs. New Orleans, Wednesday @ Charlotte. For the Magic, Monday vs. Portland, Wednesday @ Sacramento, Friday @ Golden State.  