
 Pacers-Wizards notebook   By Rich Dubroff, for NBA.com Posted Thursday December 30, 2010 12:16AM THE FACTS:  Six Washington Wizards scored in double figures, led by  Nick Young 's 25 as Washington defeated the Indiana Pacers 104-90 on Wednesday night. Young also had a career-high nine rebounds.  Andray Blatche  had 22 points and 11 rebounds,  JaVale McGee  16 points and 10 rebounds,  John Wall  10 points, 12 rebounds and seven assists,  Cartier Martin  11 points and  Rashard Lewis  10. The Wizards used a 13-3 run at the beginning of the fourth quarter to take an 85-70 lead over the Pacers, who have lost seven of nine. Indiana was led by  Mike Dunleavy  with 20 points and  Danny Granger  with 15. Washington, which has won just two of its previous 12 games, was without coach  Flip Saunders , who left the team to be with his ailing mother. Assistant coach  Randy Wittmann  ran the team in Saunders' absence. QUOTABLE:  "He put confidence in us. He made me continue to shoot. He told me to keep shooting. I love a coach who tells me to keep shooting."   -- Young on the encouragement Wittmann offered him. THE STAT:  The Wizards' nine turnovers were a season low. The Pacers committed 17, which led to 23 Washington points. TURNING POINT:  Blatche beginning the fourth quarter with two field goals and Martin hitting a 3-pointer and Washington had its first double-digit lead, 79-69 with 10:08 to play. QUOTABLE II:  "The way I've been playing, I should be in the damn D-League."   -- Indiana center  Roy Hibbert , who picked up five fouls in just 15 minutes. HOT:  Martin, who hit all three 3-pointers he attempted. He had 11 points in just 13 minutes. NOT:  Not only did Hibbert commit five fouls in just 15 minutes, he had just five points, continuing a stretch where was just 34-for-107 in his previous eight games. Hibbert was 2-for-4 on Wednesday. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Wall is back. Despite having to drink lots of fluids and squeeze in some time on the exercise bicycle, Wall threatened a triple-double.  Gilbert Arenas  is gone,  Kirk Hinrich  is hurt and the recovering Wall should start racking up the stats. GOOD MOVE:  Wittmann playing Wall 35 minutes, mostly because he had little choice. It seemed like everyone contributed, and  Josh Howard  even played a little point guard. BAD MOVE:  Hibbert playing a forgettable game back in Washington, where he played his college ball at Georgetown. With him out, the Wizards took control of the game. ROOKIE WATCH:  Besides Wall's gaudy stat line, Washington forward  Trevor Booker  had two points in seven minutes. Indiana forward  Paul George  played two minutes in garbage time and did not score. For the 30th straight time, guard  Lance Stephenson  didn't suit up for the Pacers, and according to coach  Jim O'Brien , won't anytime soon. "If I thought we could be better if I played Lance, I would. That's not my opinion," O'Brien said. IN THE ARENA:  A game between two sub.500 teams drew 16,108-just 405 fewer fans than watched the Lakers here on Dec. 14. It's Christmas week, but there was competition between the Military Bowl at nearby RFK Stadium, which featured the University of Maryland. It drew 38,062. NOTABLE:  Hinrich left the game in the second quarter with a bruised left thigh. He's the only Wizard to play in all 30 games, and after watching him limp noticeably in the dressing room afterwards, it's difficult to picture him playing on Friday in Indianapolis. He didn't score in 12 minutes. UP NEXT:  Pacers: Friday vs. Wizards, Sunday @ Knicks, Tuesday @ Bulls; Wizards: Friday @. Pacers, Saturday vs. Hornets, Wednesday @ Sixers 
