  Suns-Heat notebook   By Shandel Richardson, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday November 17, 2010 10:54PM THE FACTS:  Forward  Chris Bosh  scored a season-high 35 points to lead the Miami Heat to a 123-96 victory against the Phoenix Suns Wednesday at AmericanAirlines Arena. It was the Heat's first win over a team with a winning record since defeating Orlando Oct. 29. QUOTABLE:  "We weren't necessarily expecting that result."   -- Heat coach  Erik Spoelstra .  THE STAT:  The Heat outrebounded the Suns 42-32. Miami had been struggling in that area, but were able to dominate a smaller Phoenix team. Forward  Udonis Haslem  pulled down a team-high 10 boards. TURNING POINT:  After the teams played nearly even in the first quarter, the Heat turned it up in the second. They outscored the Suns 37-19, much of it because of an improved offense. It appears Bosh,  LeBron James  and  Dwyane Wade  are finally showing signs of continuity. HOT:  Bosh silenced the critics who have bashed him in recent weeks. He was 12-for-17 from the field, knocking down several jumpers from the perimeter. He also made all 11 free throws. Bosh had his season high (22 points) by halftime. NOT:   Steve Nash  had zero assists in the first half. It was the first time that happened since April 14, 2003 when Nash played for the Dallas Mavericks. Nash finished with two assists, becoming the first elite point guard the Heat were able to slow down. They struggled in the past against the likes of  Rajon Rondo ,  Chris Paul  and  Deron Williams . FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  LeBron James nearly had a triple-double with 20 points, nine assists and eight rebounds. His numbers would have been more impressive had he not sat most of the fourth quarter. INSIDE THE ARENA:   Serena Williams  chatted it up courtside with Bosh's fiancé,  Adrienne Williams . GOOD MOVE:  The Heat said the plan was to get the ball to Bosh early. As guard  Eddie House  said after the game, they are more effective when there is an inside presence. An aggressive Bosh was the difference. BAD MOVE:  The Suns struggled to handle the pick-and-roll with James and Bosh. Phoenix coach  Alvin Gentry  never seemed to adjust. NOTABLE:  With his performance, Bosh became the Heat's third 30-point scorer. As James said in the postgame, "Welcome to the 30-point club." UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Friday vs. Charlotte, Saturday @ Memphis, Monday vs. Indiana. For the Suns, Thursday @ Orlando, Saturday @ Charlotte, Monday @ Houston.  