  Jazz-Cavaliers notebook   By Andrew Aragon, for NBA.com Posted Saturday January 15, 2011 12:21AM THE FACTS: Deron Williams  had 26 points and nine assists as the Utah Jazz beat the Cleveland Cavaliers 121-99 on Friday night. C.J. Miles  came off the bench to score 20 points on 8-for13 shooting. Raja Bell and Al Jefferson each had 15 points. For the depleted Cavaliers,  Antawn Jamison  had 26 points and 11 rebounds. QUOTABLE:  "I don't know when I've seen a run like that with our team and had that many assists. I thought it was terrific basketball. The second group seemed to have tremendous energy. It was good for us."   --Jazz coach  Jerry Sloan  on his team's 14-0 run in the second quarter that put the game away early. THE STAT:  9. The Cavaliers had little chance of upsetting the Jazz on Friday because they dressed just nine players and used eight of them. They had three inactives and three other players sitting on the bench in regular clothes. TURNING POINT:  The Cavaliers put up a good fight at the start of both halves. The Jazz, however, took and retook control early in the second and fourth quarters. Utah went on a 14-0 run to go up 49-31. Miles provided half of the offense with seven points, two of which came on a thunderous dunk. Cleveland got within six points in the third quarter, but the Jazz pulled away with a 12-2 run that was bridged by the third and quarter quarters, taking a 101-85 lead. QUOTABLE II:  "It was the way I didn't want to respond in the first half and the way I wanted to see us respond in the second half. The first half we just didn't execute defensively at all. Then in the second half, we did a much, much better job of executing on the defensive end."   --Cavaliers coach  Byron Scott  on how his team responded to a 55-point loss to the Lakers on Tuesday. HOT:  The Jazz had their highest scoring first half of the season by pouring in 70 points in the first two quarters. Their point total was made possible by shooting a scorching 61.7 percent. Bell (5-for-7),  Andrei Kirilenko  (5-for-8) and Williams (10-for-15) were efficient from the field. For Cleveland,  J.J. Hickson  (8-for-13) was energetic near the basket and had 21 points. NOT:  The Jazz had a three-minute, 57-second stretch in the third quarter where they didn't make a basket. During that span, the Cavaliers outscored them 13-3 to get back in the game. Utah shot 34.7 percent in the third quarter. Cavs guard  Mo Williams , a former Jazzman, shot just 5-for-16. In his second game back from a lower back strain, Utah's  Mehmet Okur  shot 1-for-7. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Jamison rebounded from a six-point effort against the Lakers on Tuesday with a big night. He shot well (10-for-19), especially in the second half when he was 7-for-8. His 11 rebounds tied a season-high and it was his fourth double-double of the season. GOOD MOVE:  Miles was aggressive offensively and didn't settle for 3-pointers. His dunk in the first half that gave the Jazz a 44-31 lead got a playoff-type roar from the home crowd. He also blocked a layup by  Ramon Sessions  in the first quarter to start to turn the momentum in Utah's favor. BAD MOVE:  Scott said the Cavs didn't follow the game plan in the first half, as they got beat on cross screens, didn't challenge shots as they should have, and struggled with their pick-and-roll defense. ROOKIE WATCH: Manny Harris  started for the seventh time this season for the Cavaliers. He had eight points and seven rebounds. Cleveland rookie  Samardo Samuels  had eight points and five rebounds, while Utah's  Gordon Hayward  had four points. NOTABLE:  Cleveland has lost 12 straight games and 22 of its last 23. Jamison played his 900th game. Cleveland's Williams had his ninth double-double of the season with 14 points and 10 assists. Hickson had his third double-double of the year with 21 points and 14 rebounds. The Jazz had a season-high 16 steals. The game was played exactly one year after  Sundiata Gaines  beat the LeBron James-led Cavs on a buzzer-beater. UP NEXT:  For the Cavaliers, Saturday @ Nuggets, Wednesday vs. Suns, Friday vs. Bucks. For the Jazz, Monday @ Wizards, Wednesday @ Nets, Friday @ Celtics.  