  Wizards-Hornets notebook   By Larry Holder, for NBA.com  Posted Tuesday February 1, 2011 11:24PM THE FACTS:   Jason Smith  did more than just fill in at center for the injured center  Emeka Okafor .   Smith scored a career-high 20 points as the New Orleans Hornets eased past the Washington Wizards 97-89 on Tuesday night in the New Orleans Arena. The Wizards are now 0-25 on the road this season. QUOTABLE:  "Emeka, those are pretty big shoes to fill. He anchors our defense night in and night out. I just tried to come out there with a lot of intensity and aggression. Just go out there and play hard. I think I did that."   -- Jason Smith on his career-high performance THE STAT:  Wizards guard  Nick Young  (30) and center  Andray Blatche  (21) combined to score 51 of Washington's 89 points. The rest of the starting lineup only combined for 12 points. TURNING POINT:  Hornets forward  Trevor Ariza  hit a 3-pointer at the buzzer to give New Orleans a 29-26 lead to end the first quarter. The Hornets started to pull away from the Wizards at the start of the second quarter and never looked back. QUOTABLE II:  "It will be good to get home, but the negative thing is that we'd like to get these road wins. We're beating a dead horse with this. It's unfortunate, but we have a chance to regroup at home and get into some rhythm."   -- Wizards coach  Flip Saunders  on the 25-game road losing streak and the stretch of four road games in five nights. HOT:  Smith literally played the best game of his career as he eclipsed his career-high scoring mark in only his 10th minute of action on Tuesday. Smith started 8-for-8 from the field and finished 9-for-11 for his 20 points. He also added five rebounds and two steals. NOT:  Wizards rookie guard  John Wall  struggled mightily on both ends of the floor. Wall provided little offensively, shooting 2-for-10 from the floor for just four points. He also had no business trying to guard Hornets guard  Chris Paul , who blew by Wall a couple of times off the dribble for easy buckets. Wizards guard  Kirk Hinrich  ended up defending Paul in the final minutes of the game. NOTABLE:  Hornets coach  Monty Williams  and Wall both received monthly honors Tuesday as Williams won Western Conference Coach of the Month and Wall won Eastern Conference Rookie of the Month. ... Okafor missed Tueady's game and will miss 1-3 weeks with a Grade 2 left oblique strain. Okafor's injury ended his streak of 306 consecutive games played. Okafor had been playing at an All-Star level throughout the first half of the season and will be a big loss if he's out until the All-Star break. ... Hornets guard  Willie Green 's 11-point output is his best in 30 games. ... Hornets starting guard  Marco Belinelli  is seeing increasingly fewer minutes as Williams said he's not happy with Belinelli's defense. The guard only played 13 minutes on Tuesday, scoring two points going 0-for-5 from the field. ... Saunders said after the game that guard  Josh Howard  (sore left knee) may start practicing again once the team returns to Washington. Howard hasn't played since Jan. 5 in a loss at Philadelphia. UP NEXT:  For the Wizards, Friday vs. Orlando, Saturday vs. Atlanta, Feb. 9 vs. Milwaukee. For the Hornets, Wednesday @ Oklahoma City, Saturday vs. L.A. Lakers, Monday vs. Minnesota.  