Notebook: Clippers 88, Pistons 76 
 
 
 Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Mon Dec 17, 2012 10:55 PM - Updated Mon Dec 17, 2012 10:55 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:   Jamal Crawford  and  Blake Griffin  led a balanced attack with 15 points apiece as the Los Angeles Clippers stretched their winning streak to 10 games with an 88-76 victory over the Detroit Pistons at The Palace of Auburn Hills Monday night.  Chris Paul  had 14 points and seven assists for the Clippers, whose streak is the longest since the franchise moved to Los Angeles. The Clippers can match the Buffalo Braves' franchise-record 11-game winning streak with a home victory over New Orleans Wednesday.  Brandon Knight  had 16 points and T ayshaun Prince  added 15 for the Pistons, who have lost five straight and seven of their last eight.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "It's hard to do but we're steadily making progress at both ends of the court. With half the team being new, it took us awhile to trust each other and know each other's games. We're coming along as far as that goes and I really think the sky's the limit for us as long as we continue to build good habits." 
 -- Clippers forward  Matt Barnes  on the winning streak . 
 
 
 THE STAT:  8. The Clippers had been holding teams to 91.1 points on 42 percent shooting during the streak and their defense was even sharper Monday. The Pistons shot 40.8 percent, in part because Los Angeles did such a good job of blocking out. They were limited to eight offensive rebounds and eight second-chance points. Detroit's point total tied a season low by a Clippers opponent.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  Los Angeles went on a 12-2 run early in the third to go ahead 58-46 and never relinquished the lead.  Caron Butler  scored five of his 11 points during the run, including a 3-pointer. Paul, the league leader in steals, stripped Pistons center Greg Monroe and made a layup. Willie Green's 3-pointer and Butler's layup completed the outburst. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "They slowed the tempo down a little bit. They know we like to get out and run. It was just a game where we had to gut it out and grind it. In order to be a good team, you've got to win games like this." 
 -- Green on the low-scoring affair . 
 
 
 HOT:  Barnes, a defensive specialist throughout his career, delivered his fourth consecutive double-digit performance. He had 10 points to go along with four rebounds and two assists in 29 minutes. Barnes made two 3-pointers in the second quarter when his club needed a spark. 
 
 NOT:  Knight's point total belied his struggles. Paul and  Eric Bledsoe  held him 5-for-16 from the field and he also made five turnovers.  
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Pistons guard  Kyle Singler  had 11 points after averaging 6.1 points in his previous seven games. Center  Andre Drummond  had seven points but went 2-for-8 from the field. He added three blocks.  
 
 NOTABLE:  The Clippers have defeated the Pistons in their last three meetings at The Palace after Detroit won 23 of 25 home games against them. ... Paul's assist total was the first time in nine games against the Pistons that he failed to reach double figures in that category. ... Pistons super-sub  Rodney Stuckey , the team's fourth-leading scorer at 11.7 points per game, missed the game with back spasms. ... Detroit has played the most games in the league. ... The Pistons ranked last in the league entering the game with an average attendance of 12,488. They drew 13,560 Monday.. ... Michigan star quarterback  Denard Robinson  attended the game.  
 
 UP NEXT:   For the Clippers, Wednesday vs. New Orleans, Friday vs. Sacramento, Sunday @ Phoenix. For the Pistons, Wednesday @ Toronto, Friday vs. Washington, Saturday @ Washington. 
