Notebook: Pistons 115, 76ers 100 
 
 
 Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Dec 01, 2013 7:27 PM - Updated Sun Dec 01, 2013 9:05 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  Pistons center  Andre Drummond  became the first NBA player since  Hakeem Olajuwon  in 1990 to post 31 points, 19 rebounds and six steals.  
 
 THE LEAD : Detroit second-year center Drummond scored a career-high 31 points and pulled down 19 rebounds to lead the Pistons to a 115-100 win over the struggling Philadelphia 76ers on Sunday at The Palace of Auburn Hills. Point guard  Brandon Jennings  had 20 points and 12 assists for Detroit, which had a season high in points after losing two straight. Forward  Josh Smith  added 20 points and reserve guard  Rodney Stuckey c hipped in 17.  
 Power forward  Thaddeus Young  had 24 points and small forward  Evan Turner  added 20 for the Sixers, who have lost eight of their last nine and seven straight on the road. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "It comes to a point where I'm not going to be able to jump as high as I do anymore, I'm not going to be as quick as I am, so I've got to be able to do other things with the ball. So, I work on it in practice day in and day out, the right and left jump hooks, and just beating my guy off the dribble." --  Drummond on his improving post game . 
 
 
 THE STAT:  70. The Pistons had their highest scoring half with 70 points to take a 24-point lead. Drummond and Jennings had double-doubles by halftime and the team was unusually stout with its 3-point shooting. Ranking last in that category entering the game, Detroit made eight of 13 long-distance tries.  
 
 TURNING POINT : Detroit blew a late eight-point lead to the Los Angeles Lakers on Friday and came out angry and determined on Sunday. It racked up a season-high 40 points in the opening quarter, led by Drummond's 12 points and Jennings' seven assists.  
 
 HOT:  Drummond is now the only player besides  Charles Barkley  to score at least 30 points on 80 percent shooting, grab at least 18 rebounds and make at least five steals in a single game. It's the first time a Piston has put up that many points and rebounds since  Dennis Rodman  had 34 points and 23 rebounds on Jan. 2, 1991.  
 
 NOT : Drummond has a big hole in his game -- free throw shooting. Philadelphia employed a Hack-A-Dre strategy in the third quarter, when he missed nine of 12. Drummond righted himself and made four of five in the fourth but still finished 7 of 18 from the line. He is shooting 32.1 percent for the season and coach  Mo Cheeks  said he needs to improve in order to stay on the floor during crucial parts of the second half.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "That's going to be a coach's decision but he's going to get his points regardless. He crashes the boards and runs the floor well, so he's not even a guy you really have to run a play for. He's going to get his regardless." --  Jennings on Drummond getting more plays run for him . 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  Detroit forward  Greg Monroe  was ejected with 10:15 remaining for picking up two second-half technical fouls. ... Pistons guard  Will Bynum  was out for the sixth time in eight games with a hamstring injury. He is scheduled to have an MRI this weekend. ... Philadelphia rookie forward  Hollis Thompson  made his first start and scored six points. ... Detroit had a 57-41 rebounding advantage. ... The teams combined for 43 turnovers, which accounted for 51 points...The Pistons' 57 rebounds and 23 turnovers were season highs..Philadelphia tied a season high with 27 personal fouls.  
 
 UP NEXT : For the Sixers, Tuesday vs. Orlando, Friday @ Charlotte, Saturday vs. Denver. For the Pistons, Tuesday @ Miami., Wednesday @ Milwaukee, Saturday @ Chicago. 
