  Bulls-Bobcats notebook   By Derek S. Smith, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday March 9, 2011 11:14PM THE FACTS:   Kyle Korver  scored 20 points off the bench to lead the Chicago Bulls to their fourth consecutive victory Wednesday night with a 101-84 win over the struggling Charlotte Bobcats at Time Warner Cable Arena. Korver and his fellow reserves accounted for 51 of the Bulls 101 points with three players in double figures.  Gerald Henderson  paced all Charlotte scorers with 20 points who are 1-6 since trading away Gerald Wallace. QUOTABLE:  "We're confident in our bench and they were great tonight. Taj (Gibson) came in early and did a great job. Kyle (Korver) was playing really well for us too on offense. We really needed them tonight. They played very unselfishly and made the right plays ."   -Chicago coach  Tom Thibodeau  on team's bench play THE STAT:  The Bulls were deadly from the behind the arc Wednesday night. Chicago was 11-for-23 at Time Warner Cable Arena while Charlotte managed to shoot just 3-for-11. The Bulls shot 38-for-75 overall on the night in sending Charlotte to its sixth straight defeat. The 11 3-pointers tied a team high for the season. TURNING POINT:  Closing strong.  Luol Deng  and  Derrick Rose  combined for eight points in the final 74 seconds of the third quarter as the Bulls turned a one-point deficit into a six-point lead heading into the fourth quarter. Deng started the 8-1 run with a three and Rose closed the run with a three of his own with just 1.9 seconds left in the third. HOT:  Korver. The reserve guard netted a game-high 20 points Wednesday night. Korver was 7-for-10 from the floor and connected on four of his seven threes as well. Korver is 13-for-28 from behind the arc in his last six games and has scored in double figures in three of those contests. NOT:  Bobcats in the second half. Charlotte scored just 35 points in Wednesday's second half. The Bobcats also committed eight turnovers which were converted into 13 points and were just 1-for-7 from behind the arc. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:   Derrick Rose . The Chicago point guard and MVP-candidate tied for game-high honors with 20 points on 7-for-15 shooting with four 3-pointers. In addition to his scoring, Rose dished out six assists, pulled down four rebounds, had two steals and blocked three shots. Rose has scored 20 or more in five of the last six games and dished out at least nine assists in three of those contests. It was his 47th 20-point game of the year. ROOKIE WATCH:   Omer Asik  was the lone rookie to see action on Wednesday night. He scored one point and grabbed six rebounds in 15 minutes of action. NOTABLE:   Joakim Noah  had his 18th double-double of the season in just 33 games of action with 12 points and 13 rebounds. The Bulls are now 26-6 when their bench outscores the opponents bench and 43-6 when holding opponents to under 100 points. Charlotte's  Gerald Henderson  scored 20 points or more in consecutive games for the first time in his career. Henderson's eight assists Wednesday night was a career high.  Kwame Brown  had his seventh double-double of the season with 11 points and 11 rebounds.  DJ White  scored in double figures for the third time in six games since being traded to Charlotte on Feb. 24. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Friday vs. Atlanta, Saturday vs. Utah, Tuesday vs. Washington. For the Bobcats, Friday vs. Portland, Sunday @ Toronto, Wednesday @ Houston.  