  Notebook: Bulls 78, Wizards 64   By Kent McDill, for NBA.com Posted Thursday January 12, 2012 12:06AM THE FACTS: John Lucas III , making his first NBA start because of injuries to  Derrick Rose  and  C.J. Watson , scored 25 points, grabbed eight rebounds and handed out eight assists in a 45-minute performance to lead the Chicago Bulls to a 78-64 victory over the Washington Wizards on Wednesday at the United Center.  Kyle Korver  scored 14 points while  Luol Deng  had 12 points and 15 rebounds.  Jordan Crawford  came off the bench to lead the Wizards with 14 points. THE FACTS II:  With the win, the Bulls went 3-0 on their only back-to-back-to-back assignment of the season, beating Detroit, Minnesota and the Wizards. QUOTABLE:  "Coach told me to be aggressive. He said 'If you are open, shoot. If you are open, shoot."    -- John Lucas III, who was 11-for-28 from the field THE STAT:  Neither team managed to shoot 37 percent for the game. The Bulls were 33-for-90 from the field (36.7 percent) and the Wizards were 26-for-84 (31 percent). THE STAT II:  Backup center  Omer Asik  of the Bulls, who is outplaying starting center  Joakim Noah  in the season's early going, scored eight points, pulled down 14 rebounds and had five blocks in 27 minutes of action. Noah, who suffered a strained thumb during the game, had four points and four rebounds in 19 minutes. TURNING POINT:  With the Bulls leading 60-56 early in the fourth quarter, Korver hit a pair of long jumpers to give the Bulls a 64-56 lead with 8:05 left. INJURY UPDATE:  Rose did not play because of a strained big toe on his left foot.  Richard Hamilton  (groin) and Watson (elbow) also did not play for the Bulls. Noah suffered a strained thumb during the game. HOT:  Korver made five of 10 shots for 14 points Wednesday, following his five-for-six performance against Minnesota on Tuesday. He has scored in double figures in four of his last five games. NOT: Nick Young , the Wizards' leading scorer, was 2-for-11 from the field, dropping his season shooting percentage to 37.8 percent. ROOKIE WATCH:  Washington forward  Chris Singleton  was 4-for-7 from the field for eight points. QUOTABLE II:  "I was mad early because he was coming off the pick and roll and was wide open. He was not shooting and you can not play like that. When you're open, you've got to shoot. But he is not going to leave any bullets in the gun." Bulls coach Tom Thibodeau on John Lucas III, who took 28 shots Wednesday. GOOD MOVE:  With Chicago fans keeping a close eye on his use of players in the fourth quarter, Thibodeau again played  Taj Gibson  and Asik through the fourth quarter instead of starters  Carlos Boozer  and Noah. Asik had seven rebounds in the fourth quarter and Gibson played strong defense as the Bulls opened the lead from four points to 14 by game's end. NOTABLE: Mike James , the point guard signed by the Bulls on Wednesday because of injuries to Rose and Watson, traveled Wednesday from Reno, Nev. (which was hosting the NBA's D-League Showcase) to Los Angeles to Cleveland to Erie, Pa., where he plays for the Erie Bayhawks of the D-League. He then was told by the team that the Bulls wanted him in Chicago for Wednesday's game. He then flew from Erie to Cleveland to Chicago and got to the United Center during the first quarter of the game. He played the final 40 seconds. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Friday @ Boston, Saturday vs. Toronto, Monday @ Memphis. For the Wizards, Friday @ Philadelphia, Saturday vs. Philadelphia, Monday vs. Houston.  