  Notebook: Jazz 121, Nuggets 102 Posted Saturday March 24, 2012 2:20AM By Andrew Aragon, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  In front of a national television audience, the Utah Jazz looked more than ready for prime time. Al Jefferson  had 23 points and eight rebounds as the Jazz dominated the Denver Nuggets 121-102 on Friday night. It was Utah's sixth straight victory, and the win moved them into a three-way tie for seventh place in the Western Conference standings with Denver and the Houston Rockets. It was a solid team effort for Utah, which had seven players score in double figures.  Gordon Hayward  had 15 points, seven rebounds, seven assists and three blocked shots, and rookie  Alec Burks  had 15 points. Al Harrington  came off the bench to lead Denver with 20 points and 10 rebounds. QUOTABLE:  "We knew what we were capable of. We knew once we got things clicking we'd be able to get wins and move up in the standings. It's more of a sense of we're proud of ourselves and we got a lot of confidence right now."  --  Jazz forward  Paul Millsap  on the team not being surprised about its recent hot stretch and being a factor in the Western Conference playoff race. THE STAT:  The Jazz did more than keep up against a team that loves to run and gun. They outshined them. Utah had a 21-13 edge in fast-break points over Denver. TURNING POINT:  The Jazz put some distance between themselves and the Nuggets by outscoring them 20-7 in the final six minutes of the second quarter to take an eight-point lead into the break. But they really broke it open with a dynamic 18-1 run in the third quarter.  Devin Harris  had four of his nine assists during the spurt, and contributed a thunderous dunk. Hayward scored seven of Utah's 18 points. HOT:  The Jazz shot the ball well as a team (59.3 percent) in scoring a season-high 121 points. Jefferson (11-for-16), Millsap (6-for-10) and Burks (6-for-10) led the way. For Denver,  JaVale McGee  made his first five shots, while Harrington shot 5-for-7 in the second half. NOT:  The Nuggets lost the game in the middle quarters when their shooting touch left them. They shot 37.5 percent in the second quarter and 33.3 percent in the third.  Ty Lawson  and  Corey Brewer  each shot 2-for-8 for Denver. BAD MOVE:  Nuggets guard  Arron Afflalo  was ejected in the third quarter when he committed a Flagrant Two on Hayward. The two players were tangled up as a possession was changing and Afflalo caught Hayward in the face with his right elbow, earning an ejection. The Nuggets were already falling behind by too many points, and Afflalo's foul only added to their self-destruction. Afflalo was Denver's leading scorer when he was ejected. QUOTABLE II:  "It was just two guys. It was a physical game. I think he just got a little frustrated. I don't think there's anything there. It's just the nature of basketball. I'm just out there playing the game, and I'm not going to back down from anyone. I'm just going to continue to play the way I play."  --  Jazz guard Hayward on his run-in with Afflalo. QUOTABLE III:  "It was a bad play on my part."  --  Nuggets guard Afflalo on his run-in with Hayward. ROOKIE WATCH:  Burks impacted the game while it was still in doubt, scoring seven of his points in the first half while collecting two steals. Denver's  Kenneth Faried  scored in double figures for the third time in four games with 16 points.  Jordan Hamilton  got some rare playing time for the Nuggets in the blowout loss, and had three points in 12 minutes. FANTASY WATCH:  Denver's  Wilson Chandler  has been a popular waiver-wire pickup since he signed with the Nuggets last weekend. And for good reason. He played in his third game and made his second start since Danilo Gallinari was lost for a few weeks with a thumb injury. Against the Jazz, he started off well but showed he's still getting in game shape. He had 13 points, three rebounds and two assists. QUOTABLE IV:  "I was more upset with the fast breaks, and the points off turnovers, and the easy baskets they scored off our mistakes and the commitment to try and break up a tough play. I thought they outworked us more than they outplayed us. In this stage of the season, understanding how important this game was, they seemed to have a better understanding than we did."  --  Denver head coach  George Karl  on Utah's superior effort. NOTABLE:  Jazz forward  Josh Howard  underwent successful surgery on his left knee on Friday. He will be reevaluated in two weeks. Denver fell to 0-4 on the road against Northwest Division opponents. Utah's six-game winning streak is a season high. UP NEXT:  For the Nuggets, Sunday @ Minnesota, Monday @ Chicago, Wednesday @ Toronto. For the Jazz, Sunday @ Atlanta, Monday @ New Jersey, Wednesday @ Boston.  