
 Sixers-Warriors notebook   By Eric Gilmore, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday December 28, 2010 2:04AM THE FACTS:   Dorell Wright  scored 28 points, two off his career high, lifting the Golden State Warriors to their third straight victory, a 110-95 win Monday night over the Philadelphia 76ers at Oracle Arena. Warriors guard  Monta Ellis  had 22 points and 12 assists, one off his career high, while  David Lee  scored 21 points and had 16 rebounds.  Jrue Holiday  led the 76ers with 23 points and 11 assists.  Elton Brand  had 16 points and 16 rebounds, and  Jodie Meeks  added 19 points for Philadelphia. QUOTABLE:  "I just found myself open a few times today and was just taking my shots with confidence, like always. Guys were finding me. We were moving the ball so it just made it possible for me to get open shots."    -- Golden State's Dorell Wright, who shot 5-for-7 from 3-point range, 8-for-11 from the field and 7-for-8 from the line. THE STAT:  The 76ers remained the only NBA team that has not won a game when allowing at least 100 points. They fell to 0-11 after giving up 110 to Golden State. TURNING POINT:  Leading just 74-70 with under two minutes left in the third quarter, the Warriors went on a 13-5 run to build an 87-75 lead and were never threatened for the remainder. They scored eight points during the spurt from the free throw line. Wright made 4-for-4 free throws during the run, while Lee and Ellis were both 2-for-2. QUOTABLE II:  "It was really frustrating there for a few weeks. I couldn't really extend my elbow and snap that wrist as well because of the amount of pain I was in, but I'm getting it back now. I'm just trying to continue to shoot good ones and get quality shots for our team and they've been going in."    -- David Lee, who made 9-for-18 shots Monday and took another step in his recovery from an injury to his left elbow. HOT:  Brand posted his eighth double-double in his past 13 games and his 12th overall this season. He has 373 career double-doubles but had just seven last season. NOT:  Philadelphia center  Spencer Hawes  averaged 2.8 points over his previous four games before facing the undersized Warriors. Despite his height advantage he scored just nine points. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Before facing the 76ers, Ellis had scored at least 34 points in four of his previous five games. Nursing a sore ankle, Ellis became more of a passer Monday night, dishing out 12 assists to go with his 22 points. He has had at least seven assists in four straight games, a first in his career. Ellis notched his third double-double of the season. ROOKIE WATCH:  Sixers guard  Evan Turner  got extended time because regular starter  Andre Iguodala  was forced to miss the game with right Achilles tendinitis. He played 28:30 but scored just five points -- none in the first half -- while grabbing eight rebounds. Warriors forward  Ekpe Udoh  had a quiet night with one block, one rebound, on assist and two points in 13:33. After the game, Golden State rookie guard  Jeremy Lin  was sent down to Reno of the NBA Development League. He didn't play for the third straight game. NOTABLE:  The Warriors made a season-high 15 3-pointers, going 15-for-23. ... Ellis was named the Western Conference Player of the Week for games played Dec. 20-26. He averaged an NBA-best 39.7 points, 7.0 assists and 3.0 steals. It was his first Player of the Week award and the first by a Warrior since  Baron Davis  in January 2008. ... The Warriors have won three straight games for the first time since April 1-5, 2009. That time they beat Sacramento and New Orleans at home then Sacramento on the road. ... Sixers guard/forward  Jason Kapono  was inactive after pulling a calf muscle during practice in Denver. ... Philadelphia guard  Lou Williams  remained in Philadelphia for the impending birth of his daughter and missed his second straight game. He hopes to rejoin the team for Wednesday night's game at Phoenix. ... Holiday had his sixth double-double of the season. ... Lee had his 12th double-double of the season. The Warriors are 9-3 in those games. ...  Andres Nocioni , starting for Iguodala, scored just six points in 25:22. UP NEXT:  For the 76ers, Wednesday @ Suns, Friday @ Lakers, Monday @ Hornets. For the Warriors, Wednesday @ Hawks, Friday @ Bobcats, Saturday @ Heat. 
