  Notebook: Nets 102, Bobcats 89 Posted Saturday March 24, 2012 10:49PM By Abe Schwadron, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Behind 19 points and 14 assists from  Deron Williams , the New Jersey Nets cruised past the Charlotte Bobcats, 102-89 on Saturday night to get just their sixth home victory of the season.  Kris Humphries  (20 points, 16 rebounds) and  Shelden Williams  (10 points, 11 rebounds) both racked up double-doubles, while dominating Charlotte down low. New Jersey outscored the Bobcats in the paint 50 to 34, and all five Nets starters scored in double figures for the first time since mid-January. The Nets led from start to finish en route to the win. QUOTABLE:  "Everybody was locked in. Both teams were playing on a back-to-back so it really didn't matter who the opponent was tonight, we just needed to play well and win this game."   -- Nets head coach  Avery Johnson THE STAT:  A third of New Jersey's home wins this season have come against the Bobcats, as the Nets completed the 4-0 season sweep of Charlotte. The last time New Jersey swept Charlotte was the 2004-05 season, and it marks the Nets' first four-game season series sweep since 2008-09, when they swept Philadelphia. TURNING POINT:  Already leading by 13, New Jersey used a 10-0 run to close out the third quarter to blow the game open. High-flyer  Gerald Green  threw down an alley-oop from Deron Williams to get things started,  Gerald Wallace  and  Anthony Morrow  hit back-to-back 3-pointers and  Jordan Williams  corralled a Morrow miss for a putback with two seconds left in the period, giving the Nets an 81-58 lead heading into the fourth quarter. QUOTABLE II:  "It's not a good feeling. This was a game we thought we could win. Every game is a game we think we can win."   -- Bobcats guard  Gerald Henderson HOT:  The Williamses in the first quarter. Deron scored only two points, but dished out seven assists, while Shelden scored six points, pulled down eight rebounds and even flashed his ball-handling skills, leading a pair of fast breaks in the first. NOT:  Charlotte's top two leading scorers. After pouring in 10 first-quarter points,  Corey Maggette  (15.5 ppg) scored just three the rest of the way. He missed three free throws, had four turnovers and nearly took Deron Williams' head off with a cheap elbow midway through the third quarter. Henderson (14.5 ppg) shot 3-for-11 from the field, had five turnovers and scored just seven points. GOOD MOVE:  Though it wasn't enough to change the game's outcome,  Byron Mullens  came off the bench to lead the Bobcats with 17 points on 6-for-9 shooting and 10 rebounds. Mullens played with a toughness lacking from Charlotte's starting frontline. BAD MOVE:  16 Charlotte turnovers led to 22 points for New Jersey. The Bobcats turned the ball over to start both the first and second halves, with Wallace picking off lazy passes on both occasions. NOTABLE:  Not to be excluded from the big night for Nets named Williams, Nets rookie Jordan Williams finished with eight points and four rebounds in 20 minutes of action. Williams has now appeared in 28 games this season and is averaging 3.0 ppg and 2.6 rpg. QUOTABLE III:  "I don't even know how long the losing streak was, but it was not fun, I know that. Any time you get a win, a win makes everything better. Food tastes better."   -- Nets rookie Jordan Williams INSIDE THE ARENA:  Bobcats head coach  Paul Silas  handed the team over to his son, Stephen, for the night. It's the third time this season that he has acted as head coach for an entire game ... Nets mascot Sly Fox celebrated his birthday Saturday night, and mascot friends from local teams and colleges, including Rider and Rutgers, came to party. UP NEXT:  For the Nets, Monday vs. Utah, Wednesday vs. Indiana, Friday @ Golden State. For the Bobcats, Monday vs. Boston, Wednesday vs. Minnesota, Friday vs. Denver.  