  Magic-Clippers notebook   By Dan Arritt, for NBA.com Posted Monday December 13, 2010 1:07AM THE FACTS:  The Orlando Magic surged to an early 19-point lead and put it in cruise control from there Sunday night, defeating the Los Angeles Clippers, 94-85, at Staples Center, ending a four-game losing streak. QUOTABLE:  "The first half was tremendous," said Orlando coach  Stan Van Gundy . "It looked like we really wanted to play." THE STAT : Orlando center  Dwight Howard  was limited to 13 minutes through the first three quarters due to foul trouble, but played almost the entire fourth quarter, scoring 13 of his team-high 22 points to help hold back the late-charging Clippers. TURNING POINT:  The Magic went on a 23-7 run in the opening quarter to take a 19-point lead with two minutes remaining. That provided a large margin of error, and they needed it as the Clippers came as close as 74-68 with 9:01 remaining in the game. QUOTE II : "Dwight's absence really hurt us," Van Gundy said. "We have been struggling defensively anyway, but without Dwight people just attack the rim and we seem absolutely helpless to do anything about it." HOT:  The Magic shot 64 percent from the floor in the opening quarter (16-for-25) to take a 35-14 lead, the largest home deficit for the Clippers this season. NOT : After the Clippers cut Orlando's lead to six points in the fourth quarter, point guard  Baron Davis  reverted back to past form, missing two outside shots, a driving layup attempt and committing a turnover. During that stretch, Orlando missed five out of six free-throw attempts, but the Clippers couldn't take advantage. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Clippers shooting guard  Eric Gordon  came into the game seventh in the league at 24.3 points a game. He started painfully slow, missing all six field-goal attempts and committing two turnovers in the opening quarter, but finished with 28 points and eight assists. GOOD MOVE: Brandon Bass  started his second consecutive game for the Magic and provided some positive energy in the opening quarter, scoring eight of his 13 points. He finished with 13 points and 11 rebounds for his first double-double since February 2009. BAD MOVE:  Clippers coach  Vinny Del Negro  reinserted Davis and Ryan Gomes into the starting lineup in place of rookies  Eric Bledsoe  and  Al-Farouq Aminu , but they didn't offer much, shooting a combined 3-for-13 from the field with six points. ROOKIE WATCH:   Blake Griffin  continues to get it done on both ends of the floor. He was forced to use more of his perimeter game against the Magic, but still finished with 27 points, 16 rebounds and five assists. His highlight of the game was an ally-oop dunk off a Davis pass from beyond mid-court, the play which cut the deficit to six points in the fourth. NOTABLE:  A day after committing a season-high 27 turnovers, the Clippers committed a season-low eight against the Magic. Unfortunately, they just couldn't shoot the ball well enough. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Wednesday at Philadelphia, Friday @ Detroit, Saturday @ Chicago. For the Magic, Tuesday @ Denver, Saturday vs. Philadelphia, Dec. 20 @ Atlanta.  