
 Warriors-Grizzlies notebook   By Jason Smith, for NBA.com Posted Saturday November 27, 2010 1:22AM THE FACTS:   Rudy Gay  scored 25 points, including a pair of game-clinching free throws with 0.03 seconds left, and  O.J. Mayo  added 23 off the bench to help the Memphis Grizzlies win a third straight contest for the first time this season with a 116-111 victory over Golden State on Friday at FedEx Forum. The Grizzlies' win avenged a 115-109 loss at Golden State on Nov. 3. It was Golden State's fifth straight loss overall and its seventh in the last eight games. QUOTABLE:  "You take  Zach Randolph  off this team for a long period of time and that is kind of how [injured forward  David ]  Lee  is for us."   -- Warriors coach  Keith Smart  on playing without David Lee for the eighth straight game. THE STAT:  For the third straight game, Memphis set a season high for bench points, this time getting 45 points from its reserves. Mayo, who was moved to a reserve role on Wednesday by Memphis coach  Lionel Hollins  to help the team's bench scoring, had 23 of the team's 45 bench points on 8-for-14 shooting Friday. Mayo scored eight straight points at one point in the second quarter, helping Memphis' reserves outscore Golden State's 45-24. TURNING POINT:  Trailing 108-105 after a  Reggie Williams  3-pointer with 1:16 left, Golden State had a chance to tie with less than 50 seconds left. Forward  Dorell Wright  pump faked Gay into the air on a 3-point attempt and tried to shoot and draw a foul on Gay as the Grizzlies forward came down. But the officials didn't call a foul on the play and Wright's shot attempt was rebounded by Mayo, who made a pair of free throws with 47.3 seconds left to make it 110-105. HOT:  Golden State's  Andris Beidrins  nearly tripled his previous season high of 10 points with 28 points on 13-for-15 shooting Friday against Memphis. The seventh-year forward/center added a season-high 21 rebounds, surpassing his previous season high of 20 boards set Nov. 5 in a home win against Utah. NOT:  Although he scored 23 points against Memphis, Golden State guard  Monta Ellis  finished 8-for-18 from the field. Including Friday's game, Ellis is shooting just 31 percent (22-for-71) over his last four contests. NOTABLE:  While he missed his eighth straight game Friday with a left elbow injury, Lee was cleared to rejoin the team Saturday in Minnesota for its road contest against the Timberwolves. Lee had been averaging 14.3 points and 11.3 rebounds for Golden State over its first eight contests. He'll be a game-time decision against Minnesota on Saturday. QUOTABLE II:  "It's hard. These past four or five games we have been down all the time. Coach [Smart] said at halftime, 'I guess you guys like to play [from] behind and try to catch up.' "   -- Biedrins on the Warriors' struggles during their current five-game losing streak. UP NEXT:  For the Warriors, Saturday at Minnesota, Tuesday vs. San Antonio, Thursday vs. Phoenix; For the Grizzlies, Saturday at Cleveland, Tuesday vs. Los Angeles Lakers, Wednesday at Atlanta. 
