
 Raptors-Pistons notebook   By Holly J. MacKenzie, for NBA.com Posted Friday January 14, 2011 11:00PM THE FACTS:  On Friday night at the Air Canada Centre, the Detroit Pistons defeated the Raptors for the second time in Toronto this season. The Pistons won 101-95 and were led by a season-high 22 points from former Raptor,  Tracy McGrady , while  Rodney Stuckey  added 19. QUOTABLE:  "They just went one-on-one. They just posted different guys up. ... It's not a scheme, it's just man-on-man and they exploited mismatches. Guys should be embarrassed when a team runs a play six times in a row right at you."    --  Jay Triano  on the Pistons offensively in the first half and his team's inability to defend them. THE STAT:  Bench scoring. While Toronto has already been dealing with their fair share of injuries, they lost their leading bench scorer when  Leandro Barbosa  strained his right hamstring with 3.2 seconds to go in the first half. Barbosa limped off of the floor and was immediately carried into the locker room and did not return. After the game he went for an MRI and will not travel with the team on their upcoming five-game road trip. Without Barbosa in the lineup, the Pistons bench outscored Toronto 35-18. TURNING POINT:  After trailing by seven at the half, the Raptors fell behind by as many as 15 in the third quarter and fought to get the deficit down to six before giving McGrady a 3-pointer to close the quarter, extending the Detroit lead back to nine. While the Raptors would get within five points twice down the stretch, they were unable to complete the comeback. QUOTABLE II:  "They scored 60 points in the first half. We can't afford for that to happen, to win, we cannot do that. We did it again, the same mistake. We were always there within six points, five points, but we were never really able to pass them."    --  Andrea Bargnani  on his team's lack of defensive effort early as they allowed the Pistons to put up 61 points in the first half. HOT: Rodney Stuckey  gave the Raptors trouble, finishing with 19 points on just nine field goal attempts. He went to the free throw line 10 times, making eight of his attempts in 24 minutes of action and shot 5-for-9. NOT: Linas Kleiza  finished with 13 points but shot just 5-for-13 in 33 minutes of play. He added five rebounds, but recorded zero assists. The Raptors need more production from a starting veteran like Kleiza. ROOKIE WATCH:  After a slow start to his season, Detroit's  Greg Monroe  has found his stride, recording double-doubles in his last four games coming into the matchup with Toronto. While he did not make it five straight double-doubles on Friday night, he did put in another solid effort, finishing with 12 points and seven rebounds in almost 38 minutes of action. After the game,  John Kuester  had a lot of praise for his rookie, saying, "One of the things that people are underestimating is his ability to guard a number of players, not only fours, threes and fives. So, he's really been very versatile in his ability to move his feet quickly ... I think he really benefited from being around  Ben Wallace ." NOTABLE:  Wallace did not play for the Pistons, missing his second straight game with a sprained ankle.  Sonny Weems  missed the game for the Raptors with back spasms. While Weems dressed for Toronto's Wednesday night game against Atlanta, he did not play, making it 13 consecutive games without any game action.  DeMar DeRozan  was given a tech for arguing a call in the first half. It was the first technical of his career. The Raptors will begin their five-game road trip in Washington tomorrow night without Weems, Barbosa,  Peja Stojakovic  and  Reggie Evans . UP NEXT:  For the Pistons, Saturday vs. Sacramento, Monday vs. Dallas and Wednesday @ Boston. For the Raptors, Saturday @ Washington, Monday @ New Orleans and Wednesday @ San Antonio. 
