  Notebook: Heat 109, Hornets 95   By Shandel Richardson, for NBA.com Posted Monday January 30, 2012 10:19PM THE FACTS:  The Miami Heat received a scare during the first half but avoided another letdown by defeating the New Orleans Hornets 109-95 Monday at AmericanAirlines Arena. Coach  Erik Spoelstra  warned his team about this being a "trap game" because it was coming off a big victory against the Chicago Bulls the previous game. The Heat lost to the Milwaukee Bucks the last time they were in this situation, but avoided a repeat. Guard  Dwyane Wade  scored 22 points, rebounding from a subpar game against the Bulls. The Heat shook off a sluggish start to take control in the third quarter. Forward  LeBron James , the reigning Eastern Conference player of the week, finished with 22 points and 11 rebounds. The Hornets were led by  Carl Landry's  14 points. QUOTABLE:  "Dwyane really set the tone from that point. I was very encouraged by that. We were able to get a lot of opportunities of our defense."   -- Spoelstra said of the second quarter. THE STAT:  The Heat outscored the Hornets 60-39 in the second and third quarters. It turned a potential upset into the expected blowout. TURNING POINT:  The Heat trailed by 12 in the first half, but used a 27-4 run during the second and third quarter to restore order. After leading 51-49 at halftime, the Heat scored the first nine points of the second half to take control. HOT:  Wade recovered from an off night the previous game against the Bulls. He shot 8 of 15 from the field on his way to 22 points. He also had five assists. NOT:  The Hornets in the third quarter shot just 7 of 16 from the field. James and Mario Chalmers alone outscored New Orleans in the quarter (23-19). GOOD MOVE:  The Heat went for balance against their outmatched opponent. Sure,  Wade and James carried most of the load, but  Mario Chalmers ,  Norris Cole ,  Shane Battier  and  Mike Miller  also contributed. BAD MOVE:  The Hornets lost control when the tempo picked up. Not many teams can run with the Heat, and that was New Orleans' downfall in the third quarter. The Hornets gave up too many points in transition. UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Wednesday @ Bucks, Friday @ Philadelphia, Sunday vs. Toronto. For the Hornets, Wednesday vs. Suns, Thursday @ Spurs, Saturday @ Pistons.  