
 Mavericks-Pacers notebook   By Darrin Scheid, for NBA.com Posted Friday March 4, 2011 11:43PM THE FACTS:  Forward  Dirk Nowitzki  scored 29 points on 10 of 12 shooting, and guard  Jason Terry  added 21 off the bench as the Dallas Mavericks held off a late charge to defeat the Indiana Pacers, 116-108, Friday night at the American Airlines Center. It was the eighth consecutive victory for Dallas, extending the league's longest active streak. Forward  Danny Granger  scored 22 points for the Pacers, who trailed most of the game before clawing within 101-98 with 3:24 left. Two turnovers led to a Dallas 6-0 run to end the comeback attempt. QUOTABLE:  "They executed a lot of their sets to perfection. Down the stretch, they made some big shots. Jason Terry and Dirk. Dirk only missed two shots the whole game, so that pretty much sums it up."    --Indiana forward Danny Granger . THE STAT:  Playing without starting center  Tyson Chandler , who is out two games because of an ankle injury, the Mavericks asked more of centers  Brendan Haywood  and  Ian Mahinmi . The duo delivered on both ends of the floor. Haywood had 10 points, five rebounds, three steals and a block. Mahinmi played nearly 20 minutes and finished with seven points, five rebounds and a block. TURNING POINT:  After a  Darren Collison  3-pointer cut a Dallas lead to 101-98 -- the closest Indiana had been since midway through the second quarter -- the Mavericks got a spark from guard Jason Terry and forward  Shawn Marion . Terry nailed a 16-footer from the wing, and Marion followed with a steal. Terry then hit a fade away 14-footer from the baseline. Marion followed with another steal on a drive by Indiana forward  Tyler Hansbrough . One possession later, a 3-pointer by Nowitzki made it 109-100 at the 1:20 mark. HOT:  The 68 points Dallas scored in the first half was a season high and marked the second time the Mavericks broke the 60-point plateau this season in any half. Dallas had 64 first-half points Jan. 27 at home against Houston. Against the Pacers, Dallas shot 63.4 percent, 50 percent from the 3-point line. NOT:  Mavericks forward  Peja Stojakovic  was 0-for-3 from the 3-point line and finished with six points, a shade under his scoring average of 8.6. Stojakovic played just 16 minutes. He is 1-for-11 from long range in his past three games. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  With 13 points, Hansbrough posted his fourth consecutive double-figure scoring game. It's the longest such streak of his career and the seventh double-figure game in his past eight. That includes a 21-point outburst Feb. 23 against Detroit. Hansbrough also pulled down seven rebounds and had two steals. INSIDE THE ARENA:  After a dunk by Haywood gave Dallas an 18-17 lead in the first quarter, Indiana called timeout, which gave American Airlines Center in-game sound engineers an excuse to make fun of  Charlie Sheen . A "winning" sound bite from Sheen's recent interviews played repeatedly and gave the crowd a chuckle. ROOKIE WATCH:  Indiana forward  Paul George  opened the second quarter with two quick jumpers, his second a 25-foot 3-pointer to give the Pacers a 38-37 lead. His dunk and free throw completed a 3-point play in the fourth quarter to cut Indiana's deficit to 94-90. George finished with eight points. Guard  Lance Stephenson  had five of his six assists by halftime. NOTABLE : With a steal at the 3:46 mark of the second quarter, Mavericks point guard  Jason Kidd  tied  Gary Payton  for third on the NBA career steals list with 2,445.  Michael Jordan  stands No. 2 with 2,514, and  John Stockton  is the all-time leader with 3,265. UP NEXT:  For the Mavericks, Sunday vs. Grizzlies, Monday @ Timberwolves, Wednesday @ Hornets, For the Pacers, Saturday @ Rockets, Tuesday vs. 76ers, Wednesday @ Timberwolves. 
