
 Celtics-Cavs notebook   By Sam Amico, for NBA.com  Posted Wednesday October 27, 2010 11:15PM THE FACTS:  Led by  J.J. Hickson  (21 points, 8-for-11 shooting),   Cleveland opened the post- LeBron James  era by doing something it couldn't do last season with James: Defeat Boston in the season opener at home. Final score: Cavaliers 95, Celtics 87 in front of a sellout crowd Wednesday at Quicken Loans Arena.  QUOTABLE:  "I'm very proud of our guys because there were times in this game, the third quarter especially, that we got down by double digits and could have mailed it in, but they didn't. They are starting to trust each other big time."  --   Byron Scott THE STAT:  Veteran forward  Antawn Jamison  scored just four points off the bench for the Cavs, but they may have been the biggest four of the night. They came with about 8:00 left in the game and the Cavs trailing 79-78. But by the time Jamison finished burying his back-to-back flip shots in the lane, it gave the Cavs a three-point lead and tons of momentum. TURNING POINT:  With 2:29 left and the Cavs clinging to a 86-84 lead with one second left on the shot clock., Scott called a timeout and drew up a play. Cavs guard  Anthony Parker  caught the ball, seemed to hesitate a little, then let a 3-pointer fly from near the top of the key. It went in, and after further review by the officials, it was ruled Parker got the shot off in time. "Longest second in NBA history," said disappointed Celtics coach  Doc Rivers . QUOTABLE II:  "I think they value that their true strength is playing together. They don't have that one or two go-to guys, but they do play well together. When you don't match that, you find yourself in difficulty."  --   Kevin Garnett HOT:  Cavs guard  Ramon Sessions  and center  Ryan Hollins , both acquired in an offseason trade involving  Delonte West  (now with the Celtics), played key roles in the win. Sessions started in place of  Mo Williams  (hamstring) and scored 14 points, while Hollins came off the bench to score 10 on 4-for-6 shooting. NOT:  After a strong showing in the season opener against Miami, Celtics guard  Ray Allen  struggled to discover his stroke. Allen did many of the little things well, but went 4-for-13 and scored 12 points. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Celtics forward  Glen Davis  scored 14 points and grabbed five boards in 32 minutes. Davis is likely to continue to get that type of playing time behind older veterans  Shaquille O'Neal  (38 years old) and Garnett (34). INSIDE THE ARENA:  James' departure led many to believe Cleveland crowds would no longer possess the occasional celebrity. But that wasn't the case Wednesday, when flamboyant Aerosmith front man Steven Tyler sat near the Celtics' bench. Tyler and his bandmates hail from Boston. GOOD MOVE:  Scott decided to stick with reserve guard  Daniel Gibson  (16 points), despite the fact Gibson missed his first eight shots. But then he made four of his final six to play a crucial role in the second half. NOTABLE:  The Cavs' reserves scored 34 points, including a stretch of 20 straight that spanned the late third and early fourth quarters. Also, Gibson scored 11 of his 16 in the fourth. UP NEXT:  For the Cavaliers, Friday @ Toronto, Saturday vs. Sacramento, Tuesday vs. Atlanta. For the Celtics, Friday vs. New York, Tuesday @ Detroit, Wednesday vs. Milwaukee. 
