  Suns-Hornets Notebook   By Mike Tulumello, for NBA.com Posted Sunday January 30, 2011 11:48PM THE FACTS:  For 45 minutes the Phoenix Suns looked like the dominant team that made a dramatic run to within two games of the NBA Finals last year. And that was enough to withstand a final three minutes in which they looked more like a bad junior varsity high school team on Sunday night. The end result: The Suns outlasted the visiting New Orleans Hornets, 104-102. Coming two nights after they whipped the Boston Celtics, the Suns (22-24) now have renewed hopes for sneaking in and grabbing one of the West's final playoff spots. The Suns broke a 53-53 halftime tie as center  Marcin Gortat  found hole after hole in the Hornets' interior defense. "The Polish Hammer" scored 21 of his career-high 25 points after the break. The Suns led 88-80 after three quarters and 102-90 with 2:30 left. Then they made a series of blunders down the stretch, including four turnovers, which helped a frantic Hornets' rally nearly succeed. After  Chris Paul  hit a 3-pointer, and  Trevor Ariza  stole  Grant Hill's  inbound pass, the Suns'  Channing Frye  inexplicably fouled Paul attempting a 3-pointer. Paul hit all three free throws to narrow the lead to 104-102 with 12 seconds left. Then  Vince Carter  stepped out of bounds while trying to retrieve an overly long inbound pass by Hill, who was charged with the turnover. So the Hornets (31-18) had a chance to win or send the game into overtime. But Hill blocked  Marcus Thornton's  layup. The Hornets got the offensive rebound but were unable to get off a decent shot by the final buzzer. Thornton thought he was fouled: "I guess I have to get more experience to get that call. Our guys fought it out to the end, and to not get that call, that's the hurtful thing." Paul had a season-high 26 points and 12 assists for the Hornets, who lost their second straight after 10 consecutive wins. In addition to Gortat, who hit every shot he took until he had one blocked in the closing moments (9-for-10 from the field, 7-for-7 from the line), the Suns got 16 points on 7-for-10 shooting from Hill and 10 points and 15 assists from  Steve Nash . QUOTABLE:  "He's getting better every day. He and Steve are developing a chemistry that is working for us." -- Suns coach  Alvin Gentry  on Gortat. THE STAT:  The Suns limited the Hornets to 42 percent shooting. Though they ranked only No. 27 in field goal-percentage defense (.477) coming into the game, they've held opponents to a respectable .440 in the last 10 games (seven wins). TURNING POINT:  The Suns closed out the first half with a 15-5 run, turning a 48-38 deficit into a 53-53 tie. Hill, Frye and Carter all hit 3-pointers in this stretch. QUOTABLE II:  "With all the shooters we have, he just has to set a screen and roll to the basket. Steve will find him." --  Frye  on Gortat, who wasn't a regular rotation player until he joined the Suns. IN THE ARENA:  Fan  Mary Silva  banked $10,000 by hitting a bank shot in a contest among three Suns' season-ticket holders. ROOKIE WATCH:  Who needs Nash when you have  Zabian Dowdell ? The obscure point guard, playing on his second 10-day contract, was pressed into service in the absence of the injured  Goran Dragic  and came through. He had four points and four assists in 13 minutes. "I thought he did great," Gentry said. "He's going to play. And he's not going to be afraid." "I was ready," Dowdell said. "I feel I belong here." Dowdell's journeys are chronicled in the current issue of Sports Illustrated. NOTABLE:  Nash averaged an NBA-best 12.0 assists in January. That's his highest average in a month since December, 2007. UP NEXT:  For the Hornets, Tuesday vs. Wizards, Wednesday @ Oklahoma City, and Saturday vs. Lakers. For the Suns, Wednesday vs. Bucks, Friday vs. Thunder and Monday, Feb. 7 vs. Warriors.  