Notebook: Nets 108, Hornets 98 
 
 
 Jake Appleman, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Mar 12, 2013 11:15 PM - Updated Tue Mar 12, 2013 11:15 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:  The Nets used a strong fourth quarter to bounce back from Monday's dispiriting loss in Philadelphia and down the Hornets, 108-98, at Barclays Center.  Deron Williams , who continues to look healthier with each passing day, led the Nets' perimeter attack and dictated the game's pace and flow for stretches. Williams finished with 21 points and 13 assists.  Brook Lopez  (26 points, 5 rebounds) and  Andray Blatche  (20 points, 5 rebounds) both turned in impressive performances.  Anthony Davis  (17 points, 11 rebounds) and Robin Lopez (15 points, 8 rebounds) featured for the Hornets before the Nets took full control of the game.   
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I keep saying we're day-to-day. Everybody in the league is the same way. You have to come and you have to perform every night. We disappointed ourselves last night. Had we found a way to win last night, then today would have been the one that would have been hard for us to maintain the energy and do it. I like where we're at." 
 -- Nets Coach  P.J. Carlesimo   
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Nets shot 16 more free throws than the Hornets (31-15) and shot 16 free throws in the fourth quarter.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  Up 2, the Nets started the fourth quarter on a 10-3 run, a sequence that began with a 3-point play from  MarShon Brooks .  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "It's free rain for them after that. All they just have to do is just take it to the basket every time and just be aggressive and they did that." 
 --  Eric Gordon  (24 points), on the Nets being in the bonus early in the fourth quarter,  which led to many trips to the free throw line. 
 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  Actress  Susan Sarandon  attended the game.   
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Davis, the number one overall pick, excited the Brooklyn crowd by finishing well around the rim, making good use of his explosive athleticism, and fighting in the paint for rebounds.  
 
 NOTABLE:  Both teams were missing key starters. On the fourth game in five nights,  Joe Johnson , who has battled a sore left heel, sat out. And the Hornets'  Ryan Anderson  didn't play due to an illness. ... Brook Lopez won his second consecutive game against his twin brother  Robin . Both players were able to score on one another with patented moves; Brook, with high-arcing stepback fadeaways and Robin with a jump hook in the lane. But Brook had the biggest moment in the brother battle, throwing down a vicious dunk over Robin to give the Nets a 75-62 lead. ... A day after  Gerald Wallace  did not play in the fourth quarter,  Reggie Evans  sat the game's final 16:43. Wallace explained that with two opposing 7-footers (Robin Lopez, Davis) on the floor, Carlesimo needed to go with bigger players.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Hornets, Friday @ Washington, Sunday @ Minnesota, Monday vs. Golden State.  For the Nets, Sunday vs. Atlanta, Monday @ Detroit, Wednesday @ Dallas.    
