  Notebook: Pacers 108, Nets 94   By Adam Figman, for NBA.com Posted Monday January 2, 2012 10:53PM THE FACTS:  Five Pacers scored in double figures Tuesday night as Indiana utilized a balanced attack and a strong shooting night to down the New Jersey Nets 108-94. The Nets' record fell to 1-5 with the loss, while the Pacers improved to a solid 4-1.  Deron Williams  scored a game-high 22 points. QUOTABLE:  "They really were stroking the ball pretty good. We put out some fires, and then another one erupted."   -Nets Coach  Avery Johnson THE STAT:  Though the Pacers boasted the league's worst field goal percentage going into Monday night, they still managed to put in 41-for-78 shots against the Nets, completing an impressive 52.6 percent of their field goals. TURNING POINT:  Indiana swingman  Dahntay Jones  threw down a pair of consecutive powerful dunks two minutes into the fourth quarter, giving the Pacers a commanding 83-67 lead. HOT:  The Pacers, from deep. They knocked down 13 of their 21 3-point attempts. NOT:   Anthony Morrow . After Monday's 1-for-8 night, the Nets swingman has not shot higher than 40 percent in a single contest yet this season. GOOD MOVE:  Though Nets rookie  MarShon Brooks  put up a poor 0-point performance Sunday against the Cleveland Cavaliers, Johnson went right back to Brooks, bringing him off the bench as the sixth man and then starting him in the second half. The shooting guard responded by putting in 21 points off 8-for-17 shots. BAD MOVE:  With  Kris Humphries  (sore left shoulder) sidelined, Johnson started big man  Shelden Williams , who shot 1-for-9 and scored just 2 points. INSIDE THE ARENA:  New York Giants defensive end  Justin Tuck  sat courtside during the first half. A total of 12,519 fans attended the tilt. NOTABLE:  The Pacers have now defeated the Nets eight times in a row and have won 11 of their last 12 matchups. ... Johnson indicated after the game that at some point in the near future he intends to start Brooks in the backcourt alongside Williams. ... Williams appeared to injure his thigh in the second half.  UP NEXT:  For the Nets, Wednesday @ Boston, Friday @ Toronto, Saturday vs. Miami. For the Pacers, Wednesday @ Miami, Friday @ Boston, Saturday vs. Charlotte.  