  Heat-Jazz notebook   By Andrew Aragon, for NBA.com Posted Thursday December 9, 2010 1:01AM THE FACTS: LeBron James  had 33 points, nine assists and seven rebounds and  Dwyane Wade  added 28 points as the Miami Heat beat the Utah Jazz 111-98 on Wednesday night. It was the Heat's third straight road win and sixth overall. The Jazz have lost two of their last three home games.  Al Jefferson  led Utah with 25 points and 11 rebounds.  Deron Williams  had 21 points and 12 assists. QUOTABLE:  "We're just doing our thing now, just playing our game and we're not being too unselfish. We're playing our game and even when both are on the court or one is sitting down -- we're attacking."   --Heat forward James on how well he is now meshing with fellow superstar Wade THE STAT:  24-8. Miami had 24 second-chance points, compared to just eight for the Jazz. The Heat were able to rack up the second-chance points by grabbing 15 offensive rebounds, and they took five more shots than Utah. TURNING POINT:  The Heat, trailing by one at the end of the third quarter, took control with a 12-3 run to start the fourth.  Chris Bosh  hit a jumper, and then  Mario Chalmers ,  James Jones  and Wade each hit a 3-pointer to give Miami an 89-81 lead. The only points Utah scored during Miami's game-changing run came from three free throws by Williams. The Heat put the game away by scoring six straight points late in the fourth, stretching their lead to 102-90. QUOTABLE II:  "I don't think we (handled him) at all. He got 33 points, nine assists and seven rebounds. He's a great player and it looked at times we were intimidated by him and Wade. I wish we would have got up and got after him like they were getting after us."   -- Jazz coach  Jerry Sloan  on defending James HOT: Zydrunas Ilgauskas  was deadly from the field, shooting 7-for-10 and scoring 16 points. Wade (9-for-14) and James (12-for-20) also shot good percentages. For the Jazz,  Paul Millsap  shot 9-for-12 and scored 18 points.  Raja Bell  was 4-for-6 and scored 11 points. NOT:  Bosh missed six of his first seven shots, but regrouped to make six of his last nine. For the Jazz, Williams continued his struggles from 3-point range. He was 0-for-5 on 3-pointers, and is now 3-for-21 in his last five games.  C.J. Miles  shot 3-for-11 from the field. The Jazz shot 7.1 percent from 3-point range. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Ilgauskas probably isn't on a lot of fantasy teams, but he rewarded his owners who have him on Wednesday. His 16 points nearly tripled his scoring average of 5.4 points per game. He shot a good percentage -- as usual -- and had 10 rebounds, one steal and one assist. It was his first double-double of the season. GOOD MOVE:  Ilgauskas was only averaging 17.7 minutes before Wednesday. Heat coach  Erik Spoelstra  made the right move by playing him nearly nine more minutes than usual and his teammates were smart to keep feeding him the ball. BAD MOVE:  The Jazz don't get the ball enough to Millsap, who scored 46 points in Utah's 116-114 overtime win over the Heat last month. He made the most of his opportunities in the rematch with the Heat, but Jefferson and Williams took more shots than he did on Wednesday. NOTABLE:  James scored 22 points in the first half, and it was the most by a Jazz opponent in a half this season. James averages 30.1 points against the Jazz. Utah held its previous 10 opponents to fewer than 100 points. UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Friday @ Golden State, Saturday @ Sacramento, Monday vs. New Orleans. For the Jazz, Friday vs. Orlando, Saturday @ Dallas, Monday vs. Golden State.  