Notebook: Kings 113, Suns 106 
 
 
 Mike Tulumello, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Thu Nov 21, 2013 12:46 AM - Updated Thu Nov 21, 2013 12:46 AM 
 
 THE FACT : For the first time this season, the Phoenix Suns failed to lead in the final quarter. 
 
 THE LEAD:  The Sacramento Kings need to play the Phoenix Suns more often. The Suns simply need  Eric Bledsoe . 
 The Kings (4-7) completed a back-to-back sweep of the Suns, rolling to an easy 113-106 win over the Suns (5-6) in Arizona Wednesday night. The two victories were the Kings' first consecutive wins.  
 Bledsoe, the Suns' leading scorer at 20.4 points, missed both games with a bruised shin.  
 "We'll take these two wins. But they were missing Eric Bledsoe, arguably their best player," King coach  Michael Malone  said. 
 At the same time, he praised a defense that allowed the Suns only 12 points in the third quarter. That allowed them to breather easier during a garbage-time fourth quarter, where the Suns put up 44. (The Kings led by as many as 20 (88-68) and no fewer than six (102-96 with 1:15 left) in the final quarter.  
 "Guys are playing for each other," said Malone, adding that this trait is the key to "truly changing the culture in Sacramento."  
 
 Gerald Green  took Bledsoe's place in the starting backcourt and scored 23 (only three in the second half). But that left a paper-thin bench in the backcourt.  Ish Smith  did little trying to back up  Goran Dragic .  
 By contrast, point guard  Isaiah Thomas  had a great game off the bench for the Kings. He shot 8-for-13 for 23 points plus four assists in 27 minutes. "I was just trying to make plays...and take what the defense gave me," Thomas said. 
 
 DeMarcus Cousins , playing with a sore shoulder, had 19 points and 12 boards but shot just 4-for-14. 
 For the Suns, losers of four straight, Dragic scored a game-high 31 points 
 The Kings now have beaten the Suns in four straight. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We caught a break. For us to think we did anything special would be foolish. We have a long way to go."  --  Malone. 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Kings turned it over only 11 times, resulting in just six points for the Suns (who turned it over 17 times, resulting in 20 Kings' points. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  When Thomas entered the game. Midway through the first quarter, with the game tied at 14, Thomas entered and immediately started controlling the perimeter. By halftime, he had 12 points and the Kings led 55-50. He teamed effectively with shooter  Jimmer Fredette  in the backcourt.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "Tonight was the first night that we probably didn't have the effort."  --  Suns coach  Jeff Hornacek. 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  The Kings are trying Fredette as the backup shooting guard behind  Ben McLemore . The Kings have been having trouble shooting, so, "It's not rocket science; we want one of our better shooters in the game," Malone said. This will reduce the minutes of  Marcus Thornton . On Wednesday, Fredette had eight points, two rebounds two assists, one steal and zero turnovers in 17 minutes.  
 
 BAD MOVE : The Suns' failure to come up with a better point guard, behind Bledsoe and Dragic, than Smith. The Suns want both Dragic and Bledsoe on the floor together to start and finish games while splitting time at the point in the middle of games. But they don't appear to have many answers when one of them is banged up; which has happened off and on so far this season.  
 
 IN THE ARENA:  Wednesday night featured one of the smallest announced crowd in the history of a building (US Airways Center) that opened 21 years ago (the '92-93 season). Official attendance was announced at 12,705, but there was likely no more than 7,000 were in the building. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH: Archie Goodwin , coming off his best game for the Suns (16 points in 19 minutes Tuesday at the Kings) shot 0-for-8 in this one and had one point in 18 minutes. Also, center  Alex Len  made one of his infrequent appearances for the Suns. He had two points and four boards in five minutes. 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Green has averaged 16.9 points over the past nine games for the Suns.  
 On the downside,  Markieff Morris  had enjoyed the best stretch of his career, even being named Western Conference Player of the Week for games Nov. 4-10. Then came down with a bad cold and a slump. In the past four games, he's averaged 4.3 points on 4-for-21 shooting.  
 
 NOTABLE:  Thomas has scored in double digits off the bench in each of the Kings' 11 games.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Kings, Saturday @ Los Angeles Clippers, Sunday @ Los Angeles Lakers and Friday Nov. 29 vs. Clippers. For the Suns, Friday @ Charlotte, Sunday @ Orlando and Monday @ Miami.  
