  Notebook: Bulls 108, Nets 87 Posted Monday February 6, 2012 10:54PM By Jake Appleman, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The Chicago Bulls crushed the shorthanded New Jersey Nets from start to finish at the Prudential Center, going up by as many as thirty-two points on multiple occasions in the third quarter. In a 108-87 victory, the Bulls' suffocating defenses wreaked havoc against an overmatched opponent and their balanced, efficient offense made sure the Nets wouldn't challenge. The Bulls, led by  Carlos Boozer 's 24 points and excellent energy from  C.J. Watson  (14 points, 11 assists, 7 rebounds) didn't even miss  Derrick Rose , who was limited by foul trouble before being removed from the game with lower back spasms. QUOTABLE:  "Oh, the ball's moving. There's a lot of quick decisions being made; the extra passing, playing inside out. I love the way the ball's hopping. I thought we ran the floor well early in the game."    -- Bulls Coach  Tom Thibodeau , on his team's crisp offense THE STAT:  The Bulls hit six of their first seven 3-pointers, erasing any chance the Nets had of cutting into the early deficit. TURNING POINT:  The opening tip. The Bulls jumped out to a 9-2 lead, punctuated by a pretty all-Duke give-and-go between Boozer and  Luol Deng  (19 points, stifling defense). The 9-2 lead inflated to 27-10, as the Bulls sank eleven of their first twelve shots. QUOTABLE II:  "It's just something where I gotta get a massage and stretched the right way, and hopefully it'll be gone."    -- Rose, on his back spasms QUOTABLE III:  "They're fun to watch, except when you're on this end of it."    -- Nets point guard  Deron Williams  (25 points, 5 assists), on the Bulls INSIDE THE ARENA:  Plenty of red Bulls jerseys were visible in the crowd and Rose received a rousing ovation during pregame introductions. Bulls fans may have even outnumbered Nets fans in the Prudential Center...Comedian  Jim Breuer  attended the game...Late in the third quarter, a fan tried to run on to the court but was corralled by security...The crowd went berserk when former Net  Brian Scalabrine  checked in late in the fourth quarter and erupted when he canned a baseline jumper. When he took foul shots, many fans chanted "M.V.P." ROOKIE WATCH:  For the Nets,  MarShon Brooks  (broken toe, right foot) did not play.  Jordan Williams  (8 points, five rebounds) had a few nice moments, but was generally overmatched by the aggressive, swarming Bulls. The Bulls'  Jimmy Butler  played in garbage time and converted a layup in transition. NOTABLE:  The Nets wore stylish deep blue uniforms as it was the first of the team's Hardwood Classics nights. The Bulls wore home white jerseys despite playing on the road ...The Bulls collected four steals in the first quarter and finished the frame with 13 fast break points. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Wednesday @ New Orleans, Friday @ Charlotte, Sunday @ Boston. For the Nets, Wednesday vs. Detroit, Friday @ Detroit, Saturday vs. San Antonio.  