  Notebook: Bulls 98, Wizards 88   By Rich Dubroff, for NBA.com Posted Monday January 30, 2012 11:44PM THE FACTS: Derrick Rose  scored a season-high 35 points-including 14-for-15 from the foul line,  Carlos Boozer  added 18, and  Kyle Korver  had 17 to lead the Chicago Bulls over the Washington Wizards 98-88 on Monday night. The Bulls never trailed, and led by 51-40 at halftime. They doubled their lead to 22 in the third quarter, and easily held off the Wizards, who never got closer than eight in the second half. Chicago is 18-5, and has the best record in the Eastern Conference. Washington is 4-16, and was led by  John Wall's  20.  Nick Young  had 17, and  JaVale McGee  had 16. QUOTABLE:  "I just played my game, and that's me being aggressive,"  --  Rose on his bravura performance. THE STAT:  Rose had 13 points in the first quarter and 15 in the third. "Usually in the third quarter, we tend to back off. This game, we kept going, trying to make the game easy, and that's how we got the win," Rose said. TURNING POINT:  The Bulls took a 21-10 lead with 2:26 to play in the first quarter, and were in control. QUOTABLE II:  "If you've got a new strategy, seriously, call my office tomorrow."  --  Wizards coach  Randy Wittman  after getting a question about his team's ineffective pick-and-rolls against Rose. HOT:  After scoring 34 points in consecutive games, Rose scored a season-high 35 on Monday. NOT:  Chicago's  Ronnie Brewer , starting in place of the injured  Richard Hamilton , missed eight of 10 from the field, and was continually forcing shots. Hamilton had a sore right thigh. GOOD MOVE:  Rose kept driving and stayed aggressive, and the Wizards admired.. "Sometimes I caught myself spectating, just watching him. Some of those shots were unbelievable,"" Washington's  Trevor Booker  said. BAD MOVE:  Wall trying to keep up with Rose. The Wizards tried everything, but couldn't match up with Rose. "He creates a lot of things for a lot of people," Wittman said. NOTABLE: Joakim Noah  had 14 points, 13 rebounds and tied a career-high with 17 points as the Bulls won their 13th game by at least 10 points. IN THE ARENA:  A season-high 18,357 fans, many of whom were rooting for Chicago, came to the Verizon Center. They weren't there to watch the home team. NEXT:  Bulls: Wednesday @ Sixers, Thursday @ Knicks, Saturday @ Bucks. Wizards: Wednesday @ Magic, Friday @ Raptors, Saturday vs. Clippers  