
 Suns-Blazers notebook   By Kerry Eggers, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday October 27, 2010 1:32AM THE FACTS:  Portland closed the game on an 18-1 run to open the season with a 106-92 victory. The Blazers trailed 81-75 after three quarters but outscored Phoenix 31-11 in the final period. QUOTABLE:  "It's a good start. People are trying to write Phoenix off because  Amar'e (Stoudemire)  is gone, but  (Steve) Nash  is an unbelievable player. Our guys played the game we wanted to play. In the second half, we stopped turning the ball over, got some penetration, got good ball movement and controlled the boards."   -- Portland coach  Nate McMillan THE STAT:  The Blazers won the rebound battle 48-30, including 25-13 in the first half. TURNING POINT:  The Suns led 91-88 with 5:44 remaining, but Portland dominated down the stretch, with  Nicolas Batum  scoring 11 of the final 18 points. QUOTABLE II:  "Armon played nine minutes, but it felt like he was out there forever. That's the kind of impact he had, and that's what we need."   --  Wesley Matthews  on rookie guard  Armon Johnson , who was 3-for-5 from the field and finished with six points and three assists off the bench HOT:  Batum was 4-for-5, including 3-for-4 from 3-point range, over the final 4:25. NOT:   LaMarcus Aldridge  never got going, making only 3 of 9 from the field and 2 of 4 from the foul line. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Matthews came up big in his Portland debut with 13 points, six rebounds and three assists in 30 minutes off the bench. INSIDE THE ARENA:  It was opening night and the 116th straight sellout at the Rose Garden, and every player was introduced as he walked down an aisle toward the court, slapping hands with fans along the way. GOOD MOVE:  McMillan re-inserted  Andre Miller  midway through the fourth quarter, and the veteran point immediately hit a 19-foot jumper and helped key the Blazers' final surge. BAD MOVE:  Portland never took advantage of Aldridge's considerable size advantage with Phoenix power forward  Hedo Turkoglu  inside. NOTABLE:  Portland was last in the NBA in fast-break points last season, but beat the up-tempo Suns 13-6 in that category Tuesday night. UP NEXT:  For the Blazers, Wednesday @ L.A. Clippers, Saturday @ New York, Monday @ Chicago. For the Suns, Wednesday vs. Lakers, Monday vs. San Antonio. 
