  Bucks-Warriors notebook   By Eric Gilmore, for NBA.com Posted Friday February 4, 2011 2:10AM THE FACTS:   Monta Ellis  scored eight of his game-high 24 points in the final 2:35, lifting the Golden State Warriors to a 100-94 victory Thursday over the Milwaukee Bucks at Oracle Arena. Ellis, coming off a two-point game against Utah, was one of six Warriors in double figures, including guard  Stephen Curry  and forward  Dorell Wright  with 16 apiece. The Bucks, playing their second straight game without injured starting center  Andrew Bogut  (right knee contusion), had 23 points and 13 rebounds from  Ersan Ilyasova . Milwaukee's  Luc Mbah a Moute  had a double-double with 19 rebounds and 15 points, while ex-Warrior  Corey Maggette  scored 21 and  Carlos Delfino  20. QUOTABLE:  "It's been a rough week, but my team still had the confidence and the faith in me to knock a shot down. Coach continued to call a play for me, and I just focused on knocking it down. No matter how many I missed, just focus on that one."    -- Monta Ellis on his strong finish Thursday and his recent rough shooting stretch, going 6-for-24 against Charlotte, 1-for-9 against Utah and 10-for-22 against Milwaukee. THE STAT:  The Warriors killed the Bucks from long range, making 12-for-24 3-pointers while Milwaukee hit just 6-for-23. Guard  Reggie Williams  came off the bench and made all three of his 3-pointers, extending his streak to eight, dating to Jan. 28 against Charlotte. TURNING POINT:  After Curry hit a jumper to put the Warriors ahead 88-86 with under four minutes left, Golden State turned up the defensive heat. They forced a Bucks shot-clock violation then desperation shot to avoid another violation. Ellis' driving lay-in put Golden State up 90-86, then after a  Vladimir Radmanovic  steal, Ellis slammed home two points with less than two minutes left. QUOTABLE II:  "We played hard, there is no doubt about that, but we were a little slow a couple times getting out to their shooters. Those guys are good shooters. That's their game."    -- Bucks coach  Scott Skiles  on his team's defense, which allowed the Warriors to shoot 50 percent from long range. HOT:  Ilyasova scored 15 points in the first quarter, 19 in the first half and 23 for the game, two off his career high. He has scored in double-figures in five of his past six games, including a 25-point night against Toronto, tying his career high. INSIDE THE ARENA:  The Warriors honored former coach  Al Attles  on Thursday night, as they kicked off NBA Hardwood Classics Month at Oracle Arena. The Warriors wore classic uniforms from their 1974-75 NBA Championship season when Attles coached them to a title. Attles received a standing ovation when he was introduced on the court after the first quarter. GOOD MOVE:  Radmanovic had been struggling and didn't play a minute Sunday against Utah, but coach  Keith Smart  put him in the game early in the second quarter and he responded with eight points in just 10 minutes before intermission. He played nearly the entire fourth quarter, scoring a key basket, making a critical steal and supplying defensive energy. ROOKIE WATCH:  The rookies certainly didn't rule Thursday night. Warriors rookie forward  Ekpe Udoh  went scoreless with two rebounds, and Bucks rookie forward  Larry Sanders  scored just two points with one rebound. NOTABLE:  Ellis, despite having a career year, was not named to the Western Conference All-Star team. The Bucks' Bogut, who leads the NBA in blocks, was left off the Easter Conference team. ... After missing Wednesday night's game against Phoenix because of illness, Bucks guard  Keyon Dooling  and Sanders returned to action against Golden State. ... Warriors reserve guard  Acie Law  was inactive with a sprained right wrist, and guard  Charlie Bell  was active for the first time since Jan. 22 against the Clippers. ... Bucks guard  Brandon Jennings  was limited to just 19:33 of playing time as a precaution. It was his fourth game since returning after missing 19 games with a broken left foot, and his first back-to-back. He scored just two point ... The Warriors snapped a four-game losing streak to the Bucks. In their meeting Nov. 13 at Milwaukee, the Bucks prevailed 79-72, a season-low scoring total for Golden State. The Warriors had 72 points by the end of the third quarter Thursday. UP NEXT:  For the Bucks, Saturday vs. Pistons, Tuesday vs. Raptors, Wednesday @ Wizards. For the Warriors, Saturday vs. Bulls, Monday vs. Suns, Wednesday vs. Nuggets.  