  Cavaliers-Wizards notebook   By Brian Dulik, for NBA.com  Posted Sunday February 13, 2011 9:55PM THE FACTS:  The Washington Wizards ended their 26-game road losing streak in style, never trailing en route to a 115-100 win over the Cleveland Cavaliers. Shooting guard  Nick Young  scored 31 points in 32 minutes for the Wizards, who were 0-25 in away games this season and hadn't won on the road since April 9 at Boston. QUOTABLE:  "I'm still trying to figure our guys out. Effort-wise, it just wasn't there tonight. It was like we were sleepwalking through the start of the game."  -  Cavaliers coach  Byron Scott. THE STAT:  Washington's starting backcourt of  John Wall  and Young outscored its Cleveland counterparts 33-2 in the first half. Cavaliers guards  Mo Williams  and  Anthony Parker  were 1-for-13 shooting with six turnovers during that timeframe. "We did what we were supposed to do tonight," Young said. TURNING POINT:  Wizards center  JaVale McGee  scored on an alley-oop from Wall with 6:37 left in the first quarter to put Washington up 19-8. The Cavaliers never got closer than 10 points the rest of the way, trailing by as many as 25. "It's not just winning, it's how we won," Washington coach Phil "Flip" Saunders said. "From real early on, we were pretty much in control." QUOTABLE II:  "This is one of the best feelings we've had in a while. I know it hurt (ex-Wizards forward Antawn Jamison) to lose to us, but I'm more happy for my current teammates right now."  -  Washington power forward  Andray Blatche. QUOTABLE III:  "Tell the truth: We played like you know what tonight."  -  Scott. HOT:  Young made 13 of his first 17 field goal attempts, most of them with a Cavaliers defender directly in front of him. He finished the night 14-for-21. "I'm sure the Cavs were probably scratching their heads over some of those shots because I sure was scratching mine," Saunders said. "But that's what happens when Nick gets going. He's a better shooter when he's got a guy in his face." NOT:  The Cavaliers, who snapped their NBA-record 26-game losing streak two nights earlier against the Clippers, are 2-37 since Nov. 30. Cleveland's last victory in regulation came on Nov. 27 against Memphis. "No loss is greater than the other," Cavaliers center  J.J. Hickson  said. "You want to win them all, but you can't. At the same time, there is no excuse for the way we played tonight." GOOD MOVE:  Saunders opted to start  Josh Howard  at small forward in his first game since Jan. 5. The seven-year veteran responded with 16 points, five rebounds and two steals. Ten of Howard's points came in the third quarter and quelled any comeback hopes that the Cavaliers had. "Josh is a great captain, a great leader," Young said. "Even when he was hurt, he's still been doing all those things to help us out." BAD MOVE:  Scott moved Williams back into the starting lineup just one game after his return from a left hip injury. The 2009 NBA All-Star looked like a shell of his former self, committing a season-high seven turnovers with 10 points and eight assists. NOTABLE:  Washington's 25 straight road losses to start the season was the third-longest streak in NBA history. Dallas dropped 29 away games in 1992-1993, while the New Orleans Jazz lost 28 in a row in 1974-1975. ... Cleveland now owns the league's longest active road losing streak at 26. ...Cavaliers guard  Daniel "Boobie" Gibson  exited in the second quarter with a strained left quad and did not return. ... Wall had 19 points and 14 assists in 36 electric minutes, but did miss a fast-break dunk attempt. ... Hickson scored all eight of Cleveland's points during the first six minutes, but the Cavaliers trailed 23-8 as Wall already had seven assists. ... The Wizards eclipsed their season average of 97 points per game with their first hoop in the fourth. UP NEXT:  For the Wizards, Wednesday at Orlando, Feb. 22 vs. Indiana, Feb. 23 at Philadelphia. For the Cavaliers, Wednesday vs. the Lakers, Feb. 23 vs. Houston, Feb. 25 vs. New York.  