  Notebook: Nuggets 91, Bucks 86   By Michael Kelly, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday January 3, 2012 12:53AM THE FACTS: Danilo Gallinari  scored 21 points and had 10 rebounds and  Al Harrington  came off the bench to score 17 and the Denver Nuggets beat the Milwaukee Bucks 91-86 on Monday night.  Stephen Jackson  had 17 points for the Bucks, who missed a chance to tie when  Brandon Jenning's  3-pointer with 7 seconds left was short. QUOTABLE:  "They didn't look like they played three games in three nights. That says a lot about how good of shape they're in.   --  Jackson, on Denver's schedule. THE STAT:  Milwaukee led 81-76 with 8:31 left but then missed its next seven shots. Denver went on a 10-0 run and never lost the lead. TURNING POINT:  With Denver holding onto an 87-86 lead with 28 seconds left, Harrington played strong defense on  Andrew Bogut , forcing him into a tough hook that bounced off the rim. QUOTABLE II:  "I just told my teammates if they had an opportunity and wanted to double they could double, but in my mind I was going to guard him straight up, hold him up, and just contest any shot he was going to take. I knew it was going to be one of those little hooks. Once he turned to shoot it I just tried to get in his air space.   --  Harrington, on guarding Bogut in the final 30 seconds. HOT:  Harrington has been Denver's best players early in the season, and not just for his offense. He gave up 3 inches to Bogut but guarded him the entire fourth quarter and held him to two points. NOT:  Jennings struggled with his shot all night, but especially in the second half. He was just 2-for-10 after intermission and was 0-for-4 from 3-point range. QUOTABLE III:  "He, along with a lot of other shooters, are beating up that front rim. We're going to have to ask him for some money to buy a new rim."   --  Nuggets coach  George Karl , on Gallinari's poor shooting percentage. GOOD MOVE:  Karl's decision to start little-used  Kosta Koufos  for the injured Nene. Koufos played just 11 minutes before Monday but finished with eight points and six rebounds in 19 minutes. BAD MOVE:  The Bucks settled for jumpers instead of driving to the basket. They only took 11 foul shots, one less than Gallinari did. ROOKIE WATCH:  Milwaukee forward  Jon Leuer  continues to have a solid start to his career. He had 8 points on 4-for-5 shooting in 14 minutes. NOTABLE:  The Nuggets finished 2-1 in their three games in three nights. They have one more on the schedule -- Feb. 1-3. UP NEXT:  For the Bucks, Tuesday @ Utah, Thursday @ Sacramento, Saturday @ L.A. Clippers. For the Nuggets, Wednesday vs. Sacramento, Friday @ New Orleans, Saturday @ San Antonio.  