  Notebook: Sixers 90, Bucks 85 Posted Thursday April 26, 2012 12:26AM By Rick Braun, for NBA.com THE FACTS:   Evan Turner  scored 29 points and grabbed 13 rebounds and  Jodie Meeks  scored 27 points to lead the Philadelphia 76ers to a 90-85 victory over the Milwaukee Bucks Wednesday night at the Bradley Center. Brandon Jennings  led the Bucks (31-34) with 19 points, but Milwaukee played without four starters and a key reserve and closed its home season with a disappointing 17-16 mark. QUOTABLE:  "They're terribly hard (to coach) and they're terribly hard to play. They're just hard to play. From our standpoint, we got in the playoffs. But what I like about it is we're finishing up our schedule with nine of our last 11 on the road, and we've won four straight road games."   -- Philadelphia coach  Doug Collins  on games that have almost no meaning at the end of a season THE STAT:  The two teams combined for just 23 fouls -- just nine by the Sixers -- in a game that was lacking in intensity. TURNING POINT:  Milwaukee made just 6-for-18 in the third quarter and was outscored 26-13 as the 76ers overcame a 50-45 halftime deficit and led the rest of the way. QUOTABLE II:  "It feels good, but when you haven't done it in a while you're killing your stomach a little bit and you're tired."   -- Evan Turner on getting 40 1/2 minutes of playing time HOT:  Milwaukee rookie  Tobias Harris  made 7-for-12 shots to be the only player in the game to shoot over 50 percent. Harris finished with 15 points and 13 rebounds for his first career double-double. NOT:  The Sixers shot just 35.6 percent (36-for-101) and every one of the 10 players that played shot under 50 percent. INSIDE THE ARENA:  NFL MVP  Aaron Rodgers  was in courtside seats. ROOKIE WATCH:   Xavier Silas , signed out of the NBA D-League on Tuesday, made his NBA debut for the Sixers and had five points, one rebound and one assist. He is the son of former NBA player  James Silas . NOTABLE:  Starters  Elton Brand  and  Andrew Iguodala  and key reserve  Thaddeus Young  were not with the team, and sixth-man candidate  Lou Williams  did not play as the Sixers were resting key players for the playoffs. ... The Bucks were without starters  Drew Gooden  (ankle),  Ersan Ilyasova  (thigh bruise),  Carlos Delfino  (groin) and  Monta Ellis  (hand) and key reserve  Luc Richard Mbah a Moute  (knee tendinitis) because of injuries. ...  Ekpe Udoh  started at center for Milwaukee but left with a sore knee with 10:53 left in the third quarter and did not return. UP NEXT:  For the 76ers, Thursday @ Detroit. For the Bucks, Thursday @ Boston.  