
 Timberwolves-Bobcats notebook   By Phil Miller, for NBA.com Posted Thursday January 6, 2011 12:06AM THE FACTS: Tyrus Thomas  scored 21 points and grabbed 18 rebounds and the Bobcats, playing without three starters, rallied from an eight-point deficit in the final 4:47 to beat the Timberwolves in Minneapolis, 108-105 in overtime.  Kevin Love  scored 35 points with 15 rebounds for Minnesota, but Charlotte broke a nine-game road losing streak by scoring the final five points of regulation to force the extra period. QUOTABLE:  "He's the best shooter we have on the team. He's going to miss four in a row, but when he does, there's a good chance he's going to make four in a row, too."  --  Charlotte forward  Boris Diaw , on point guard  D.J. Augustin , who was 1-for-12 from the field before scoring 10 points in the final two minutes of regulation and overtime . THE STAT:  4 -- Consecutive losses by the Timberwolves in which they blew a fourth-quarter lead of five points or more. TURNING POINT:   Wes Johnson's  20-foot jumper gave Minnesota a 95-90 lead with 1:48 to play, but the Wolves' nagging inability to execute at the end of close games overwhelmed them once again. Minnesota missed its final five shots of regulation, three of them from within five feet of the basket, turned the ball over once, and  Jonny Flynn  committed a critical foul on Augustin as he shot a three-pointer, allowing the Bobcats to force overtime. HOT:  Thomas, nearly scratched before the game due to tendonitis in his right knee, shrugged off the pain and erupted for 21 points and 11 rebounds in a season-high 36 minutes, helping the Bobcats overcome the loss of  Stephen Jackson ,  Gerald Wallace  and  Nazr Mohammed  up front. NOT:  Timberwolves reserves made only 7-of-21 shots and were outscored 57-21 by Charlotte's bench on a night when the Bobcats had to use three reserves in their starting lineup. GOOD MOVE:  Point guard D.J. Augustin was 1-for-12 from the field late in the fourth quarter, when Charlotte coach  Paul Silas  pulled him aside during a timeout with a surprising order: Keep shooting. Given that encouragement, Augustin tried three three-pointers in the final 2:07 of regulation, making two of them and being fouled on the third, allowing the Bobcats to force overtime. NOTABLE:  In addition to being down three starters, Charlotte was also without reserve center  DeSagana Diop . ... Charlotte relied on an effective pick-and-roll, executed by guard Augustin and center  Eduardo Najera  on four consecutive possessions, to outscore Minnesota 13-10 in the extra period. ... Charlotte turned the Wolves' 16 turnovers into 25 points. ... Minnesota's final possession of overtime failed when  Michael Beasley 's forced three-point jumper bounced long off the rim. ... Love scored 30 or more points for the fifth time this season, collected 15 or more rebounds for the 22nd time, and posted his 22nd consecutive double-double. ... Charlotte has beaten Minnesota nine times in the teams' last 10 meetings. UP NEXT:  For the Bobcats, Saturday vs. Washington, Monday vs. Memphis, Wednesday vs. Chicago. For the Timberwolves, Friday vs. Portland, Sunday @ San Antonio, Tuesday vs. San Antonio. 
