  Trail Blazers-Rockets notebook   By Matt Miller, for NBA.com Posted Thursday January 6, 2011 1:03AM THE FACTS:  Backed by 27 points from  LaMarcus Aldridge , the Portland Trail Blazers overcame a 13-point fourth-quarter deficit to defeat the Houston Rockets for the second time in four days, 103-100, Wednesday at Toyota Center. Patrick Mills  added a career-high 14 points for Portland (19-17), which won in Houston for the first time in 10 tries. Seven Blazers reached double figures in scoring, including three reserves. Kevin Martin  set a season high and the Rockets' Toyota-Center record with 45 points, but it wasn't enough to prevent Houston (16-19) from losing for the fourth time in five games. QUOTABLE:  "That was a very bad loss for us. Down by eight [points] at the half and up by 13 in the fourth, and [we] blew it. It's a very bad loss. Anything between that is meaningless details."   -- Martin THE STAT:  Wednesday's victory gives Portland the tiebreaker over the Rockets if these teams end the regular season in a deadlock for the Western Conference's final playoff spot. TURNING POINT:  A  Chase Budinger  3-pointer put Houston ahead 89-76 with 9:33 remaining, but the Blazers answered with 13 consecutive points to tie the game at 89 with 6:45 left. The group of Mills,  Rudy Fernandez ,  Dante Cunningham ,  Nick Batum  and Aldridge ignited the surge, and Portland coach  Nate McMillan  stuck with them for the remainder of the game. McMillian's decision paid dividends, as Aldridge, Batum and their second-team mates kept the Rockets reeling on both ends of the floor. QUOTABLE II:  "The second unit was terrific. They provided the spark, and that's what won the game for us."   -- Blazers forward  Marcus Camby HOT:  Martin followed his worst performance of the season in Monday's loss at Denver with a sensational outing Wednesday. He shot 13-for-18 from the field, including 6-for-8 from 3-point range, but was especially effective in the third quarter -- when he scored 19 points on 7-for-9 shooting to pace Houston's comeback from an eight-point halftime deficit. NOT:  Although he grabbed a team-high 12 rebounds and dished out five assists, Rockets forward  Luis Scola  connected on only two of his eight field-goal attempts and failed to reach double figures in scoring for the first time in 31 games. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Aldridge's fantasy owners are reaping the rewards of his new role as the Blazers' top offensive option. Aldridge has scored at least 25 points in a career-high four consecutive games and is averaging 9.3 rebounds during this stretch. With  Brandon Roy  (left knee) out indefinitely, owners without more attractive options should start Aldridge every time he takes the court. GOOD MOVE:  With Houston lacking a defensive presence in the post that could contain Aldridge, the Blazers ran their offense through him for most of the fourth quarter. This created several open looks from the outside when the Rockets ran a second man at Aldridge, as the Blazers shot 11-for-21 (52.4 percent) in the final period. ROOKIE WATCH:  Houston forward  Patrick Patterson  did not attempt a shot and recorded one point, one rebound, one assist and one steal in 15-plus minutes of action. NOTABLE:  Rockets point guard  Aaron Brooks  missed Wednesday's game with a reaggravated left ankle sprain and is listed as day-to-day. ... Portland's last win in Houston came on April 6, 2007. ... The Rockets have not defeated a team with a winning record since beating the Lakers on Dec. 1 in Houston. ... Martin has scored 19 or more in a quarter three times this season. ... Martin set a season high with six treys Wednesday. ... Portland improved to 14-1 when it shoots a higher percentage from the field than its opponent. UP NEXT:  For the Blazers, Friday @ Minnesota, Sunday vs. Miami, Tuesday vs. New York. For the Rockets, Friday @ Orlando (ESPN), Saturday vs. Utah, Monday @ Boston (NBA TV)  