Notebook: Bobcats 95, Clippers 91 
 
 
 Derek S. Smith, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Jan 22, 2014 11:00 PM - Updated Wed Jan 22, 2014 11:00 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Los Angeles Clippers are now 1-12 when not leading entering the fourth quarter. They trailed the Charlotte bobcats 72-70 after three quarters.  
 
 THE LEAD: Al Jefferson  scored 24 points and grabbed 10 rebounds and was one of six Bobcats in double figures as Charlotte held off the Los Angeles Clippers 95-91 Wednesday night at Time Warner Cable Arena.  Blake Griffin  led all scorers with 27 points while  DeAndre Jordan  snared 20 rebounds in the loss.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "It was defense. We got stops; we got rebounds when we needed to. They are a heck of a team. They are an offensive machine. We had to dig down. We did a good job attacking and deserved to win this one." - Charlotte center  Al Jefferson 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Charlotte is now 18-12 when shooting more free throws that their opponent. The Bobcats were 12-for-20 from the charity stripe while the Clippers were just 7-for-9. The Bobcats are also 1-13 when shooting fewer free throws that their opponents.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  Charlotte ended the third quarter on a roll that carried into the fourth quarter.  Chris Douglas-Roberts  tipped in an inbound pass with :00.3 left on the clock to break a 70-all tie which capped an 8-2 run by the Bobcats to close out the quarter. Charlotte continued its streak with a 7-2 spurt as the final quarter opened with five points from  Jannero Pargo  and a pair of free throws from  Andrew Tolliver . The Bobcats would never trail the rest of the way. 
 
 HOT:   Jefferson has had the hot hand of late. Jefferson has scored 20 or more points in each of the last seven games, including a pair of games with 30 points or more, and is averaging 25.3 points on 55.2 percent shooting (79-for-143) with 12.3 rebounds during the seven-game stretch. Jefferson has 18 double-doubles on the season including four straight which ties the franchise record for consecutive games with a double-double.  
 
 NOT:  Griffin finished the night with a game-high 27 points, but he was notably absent in the final quarter. Griffin finished the fourth with just one point and missed all four of his field goal attempts.  
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:   Dawn Staley  -- Basketball Hall of Famer, former Charlotte Sting legend and South Carolina basketball coach  -- was in attendance.  
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:   Cody Zeller  played 17 minutes and scored four points while grabbing two rebounds, blocking a shot and dishing out an assist. Clippers rookie  Reggie Bullock  was in uniform but did not play. He has seen action just once in the last six games.  
 
 NOTABLE:  The Bobcats have played the most game in the NBA decided by six points for fewer and are 11-10 in such games. ... Charlotte has held their opponent under 100 points in 29 of their 44 games this season, the third-most such games in the NBA. ...  Josh McRoberts  has scored in double figures in five consecutive games and is shooting 14-for-21 from beyond the 3-point line during that stretch. ... the Bobcats had six players in double figures and are 4-0 when that occurs. ...  Darren Collison  scored 12 points and have five assists, but was slowed by his sprained left toe. Coach  Doc Rivers  indicated that he may have to sit Collison if the pain continues. ...  Jamal Crawford  scored 20 points, reaching double figures for the 40th time this season and recording his 13th game with 20 points or more. Crawford averages 18.6 points all-time against Charlotte; his highest average against any team in the league. ...  DeAndre Jordan  had 20 rebounds which is his fourth such game this season. He has grabbed double figure rebounds in 21 straight games ... the Clippers are 11-15 when making fewer than nine 3-pointers. They had six tonight. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Friday @ Chicago, Saturday @ Toronto, Monday @ Milwaukee. For the Bobcats, Friday @ New York, Saturday vs. Chicago, Wednesday @ Denver.  
