  Notebook: Grizzlies 88, Magic 76 Posted Friday April 27, 2012 12:06AM By L. Jason Smith, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The Memphis Grizzlies earned homecourt advantage in a playoff series for the first time in franchise history Thursday by closing out the regular season with an 88-76 win over the Orlando Magic at FedExForum.  Marc Gasol  had 22 points,  Rudy Gay  had 20 and  O.J. Mayo  added 15 off the bench for Memphis (41-25), which locked up the fourth seed in the Western Conference. It was the Grizzlies' 11th straight home win, tying the franchise record. Memphis, making its second consecutive playoff appearance, will host the fifth-seeded Los Angeles Clippers on Sunday in the first round. Orlando (37-29), the sixth seed in the Eastern Conference, got 18 points from forward  Hedo Turkoglu  on Thursday, but couldn't overcome a 26-point third-quarter deficit. The Magic will travel to face third-seeded Indiana on Saturday. QUOTABLE:  "I have to say, 'Mission accomplished. First-term goals set.' Obviously there's plenty more work to be done, but this is what we set out to do. We've got to stay focused. Guys, all year, have been playing hard, playing together; had a sense of urgency to move up in that win column. It just shows a lot of character from this group of guys."    -- Memphis guard  Tony Allen  on the Grizzlies earning homecourt advantage for the first round of the playoffs. THE STAT:  With Thursday's win over Orlando, Memphis set a franchise record for regular-season winning percentage (.621). The Grizzlies' previous best regular-season mark was .610, which they set during the 2003-04 season. TURNING POINT:  After trailing by as many as 26 points early in the third quarter, the Magic used a 21-2 run to cut Memphis' lead to seven points (58-51). Turkoglu, who started for Orlando Thursday after missing the team's last 10 games with a facial fracture, scored eight of his 18 points during the run. But Gasol and Mayo combined to score eight of Memphis' next nine points in the quarter, helping the Grizzlies push their lead back to 13 (67-54) by the end of the third quarter. QUOTABLE II:  "It's a really quick turnaround. We don't have much preparation time. Some of the guys that we need to play (Saturday) had to play minutes tonight, so we'll really have to think about how much we can do. You're not going to be able to go crazy in terms of adjustments for Game 1 because you don't have much time."   - - Orlando coach  Stan Van Gundy  on the Magic's one day of preparation before Saturday's playoff opener against Indiana. HOT:  Starting for the first time in the last 21 games, Grizzlies forward  Zach Randolph  was sharp, going 6-of-12 from the field for 13 points while grabbing a game-high 12 rebounds. NOT:  Orlando went 2-of-13 (15.4 percent) from 3-point range in a first half in which it was outscored 54-30. The Magic finished 7-of-26 from beyond the arc, a far cry from the 14-of-38 performance it turned in from deep a night earlier in a home win over the Charlotte Bobcats. NOTABLE:  As the last few seconds ticked off Thursday, the fans in attendance began chanting, "Beat LA! Beat LA!" ... In addition to registering its best regular-season winning percentage in franchise history this year, the Grizzlies also set a franchise record for best home winning percentage in a season (.788). Memphis hasn't lost a home game since March 16, when it lost to Toronto in overtime. ... Van Gundy held out starters  Ryan Anderson ,  Jameer Nelson ,  J.J. Redick  and  Jason Richardson .  Glen Davis , who sprained his ankle Wednesday against the Bobcats, was inactive.  Quentin Richardson  also sat out (coach's decision). UP NEXT:  For the Magic, Saturday @ Indiana. For the Grizzlies, Sunday vs. Clippers.  