  Notebook: Lakers 107, Hornets 101 Posted Thursday March 15, 2012 12:37AM Larry Holder, for NBA.com THE FACTS: Kobe Bryant  scored a game-high 33 points as the Los Angeles Lakers toppled the New Orleans Hornets 107-101 in overtime on Wednesday night in the New Orleans Arena.  Andrew Bynum  was also dominant for the Lakers with 25 points and 18 rebounds in the win. QUOTABLE:  "I ask Kobe that (if the Lakers were trying to give him a heart attack). I had a buddy of mine, he's a good friend, he said, he texted me, 'Mike, Mike, good win. Now I have to go to the hospital to get my heart checked.' He's a little overweight like me so I didn't know if he was serious or not. I'll call to check on him once I get done here."   -- Lakers coach  Mike Brown  on winning an overtime game for the second consecutive night THE STAT:  The whistle was decidedly in favor of the Lakers. Los Angeles shot nearly three times as many free throws as New Orleans did Wednesday night. The Lakers went 28 of 35 from the line, while the Hornets were 10 of 13 from the stripe. Bryant himself made more free throws (11) than the Hornets made as a team. TURNING POINT:  The Lakers in the third quarter. They were down by as many as 17 points in the first half before they woke up from their tired legs, the result of winning in double overtime in Memphis on Tuesday night. The Lakers outscored the Hornets 30-16 in the third quarter to eventually tie it up 70-70 going into the fourth quarter. It's the second time in as many nights that the Lakers overcame a 17-point deficit and win the game. HOT:  Hornets guard  Jarrett Jack  played one of the best games the team has had all season, and yet it still wasn't enough for a win. Jack scored a team-high 30 points on 13 of 21 shooting, along with six assists, three rebounds, two blocked shots, one steal and no turnovers. Jack is the first Hornets player this season to score 30 or more points in a single game. NOT:  Hornets forward  Gustavo Ayon  broke a cardinal rule by fouling a 3-point shooter, and it was at the worst possible time. Ayon fouled Bryant on a 3-point attempt with 19.3 seconds remaining with the Hornets up 93-90. Bryant hit all three free throws to tie it 93-93 to eventually push the game to overtime. QUOTABLE II:  "The losses just drive you nuts. I was listening to somebody talking about winning. It's good, but it's not as bad as losing. The losing just makes you over-analyze at times or makes you really emotional. Where winning, it's almost the same every time."   -- Hornets coach  Monty Williams FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Hornets center  Chris Kaman  had his fourth 20-point, 10-rebound output of the season Wednesday night as he ended with 21 points and 12 rebounds in the loss to Los Angeles. This may be the last time Kaman wears a Hornets uniform as he's a prime target for New Orleans to trade away before Thursday's trade deadline. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Every time the Lakers play in New Orleans it brings out numerous celebrities as actors  Samuel L. Jackson ,  Jamie Foxx ,  Don Johnson ,  Christoph Waltz ,  Stephen Baldwin  and  Anthony Anderson  were throughout the arena. Chef  John Bech  and Saints safety  Roman Harper  were also at the game. NOTABLE:  Brown said before the Hornets game that no players sat out because of a trade possibility. Forward  Luke Walton  (gastroenteritis) was the only player out for the Lakers. Brown was asked about a possible trade rumor involving Timberwolves forward  Michael Beasley , and he said it was the first time he heard Beasley's name even mentioned. Brown also said he hadn't spoken to Lakers general manager  Mitch Kupchak  at all on Wednesday. "I haven't been focused about any of the trade rumors. ... I know he (Kupchak) is trying to do his job. His job is to improve the team from the standpoint off the court. I think he'll do what he feels make sense," Brown said. Brown also said dealing with the trade rumors is just part of the business and guys could become more distracted around the deadline. ... Williams didn't address before the Lakers game the possibility of dealing with a new team on Thursday because of the trade deadline. He said he has some input with general manager  Dell Demps  about the deadline, but it's ultimately Demps' call on trades. Williams said it's much easier to get caught up and distracted in trade rumors than when he was a player. "If you want to hear a rumor about yourself, you don't have to go far to find it," Williams said. ... The Lakers'  Pau Gasol , who's been rumored to be on the trading block all season, had 18 points and 10 rebounds in the win. UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Friday vs. Minnesota, Sunday vs. Utah, Tuesday @ Houston. For the Hornets, Thursday vs. Washington, Saturday @ New Jersey, Wednesday vs. Golden State.  