  Notebook: Bulls 95, Bobcats 89   By Kent McDill, for NBA.com Posted Saturday January 21, 2012 11:21PM THE FACTS:  With three of their top seven players ( Derrick Rose, Joakim Noah  and  Taj Gibson ) out due to injury, the Chicago Bulls still managed to record an easy home win against the Charlotte Bobcats.  Carlos Boozer  had 23 points,  Luol Deng  had 22 and  Rip Hamilton  had 20 as the Bulls recorded a 95-89 decision.  Omer Asik  started for Noah and had 15 rebounds. The Bulls led by as much as 19 in the fourth quarter before allowing the Bobcats back within single digits.  Gerald Henderson  had 22 points and a team-high nine rebounds but the Bobcats lost for the ninth time in the last 10 games. QUOTABLE:  "We are disappointed that we are going through some injuries but we are confident in the guys who are stepping in."    -- Deng QUOTABLE II:  "Without all those players, I really thought we had a shot at them tonight."    -- Charlotte coach  Paul Silas , referring to the Bulls THE STAT:  The Bulls, the No. 1 rebounding team in the league, lost the rebounding battle, 44-37, to the Bobcats, the No. 16 team in the league. But the Bulls had more offensive rebounds than the Bobcats, 10-9. THE STAT II:  The Bulls are 7-0 at home this season, one of only two unbeaten home teams in 2012 (the Indiana Pacers are the other). TURNING POINT:  The difference was in single digits early in the fourth quarter before D-League retread  Mike James  led the Bulls on a 10-0 run. James had seven of his nine points in that stretch. THE MOMENT:  The Bulls announced Noah as the starting center, but Asik ran out from the huddle onto the floor at that time. The decision for Noah to stay out of the game due to a sprained ankle was really not made until game time. INJURY UPDATE:  Rose remains day-to-day with his sprained big toe. Gibson said after the game he was day-to-day with a sprained left ankle.  John Lucas III  said after the game he will play Monday after missing the game with a sore groin. Noah said he was not certain what his availability would be for Monday. Deng had his left wrist wrapped after suffering a slight sprain on a rebound in the game but said he would be able to play Monday. HOT:  Hamilton is 20-for-36 (55.5 percent) from the field in three games since coming back from a lengthy break because of a groin injury. NOT:  In his last three games at the United Center,  Kyle Korver  of the Bulls is 1-for-10 from the field. He did hit five of eight shots at Cleveland on Friday. ROOKIE WATCH:  Charlotte starting guard  Kemba Walker  out of Connecticut was 1-for-5 from the field for four points. Reserve forward  Bismack Biyombo  from the Congo was 2-for-3 for four points. Bulls forward  Jimmy Butler , a rookie from nearby Marquette, did not play due to coach's decision, even though the Bulls were down to 10 healthy players. GOOD MOVE:  When Rose and  C.J. Watson  were out with injuries last week, the Bulls pulled James off a NBA D-League roster. James, playing with his 10th NBA team in 10 seasons, backed up backup point guard Watson and scored nine points with a game-high 10 assists, coming close to a double-double. NOTABLE:  The Bulls' next game against New Jersey on Monday will be their sixth straight home game against teams with losing records. Their next winning opponent will come in Wednesday when the Indiana Pacers visit. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Monday vs. New Jersey, Wednesday vs. Indiana, Friday vs. Milwaukee. For the Bobcats, Sunday @ New Jersey, Tuesday vs. New York, Wednesday @ Washington.  