  Spurs-Heat notebook   By Shandel Richardson, for NBA.com Posted Monday March 14, 2011 11:02PM THE FACTS:  The Miami Heat defeated the San Antonio Spurs 110-80 Monday at AmericanAirlines Arena. Forward  Chris Bosh  led all scorers with 30 points while  Dwyane Wade  added 29 points on 11 of 23 shooting. The Heat shot 53 percent from the field and limited to the Spurs to 38 percent shooting. It was the Heat's third straight victory, and allowed them to exact a little revenge. They lost 125-95 to the Spurs when the team met March 4 in San Antonio. The Spurs, who were outscored 33-17 in the fourth quarter, were led by  Tony Parker's  18 points. The loss snapped San Antonio's three-game winning streak. QUOTABLE:  "I'm sure some people now will start to jump slowly on the bandwagon. We've got to quiet everybody."  --  Heat coach  Erik Spoelstra  said.  THE STAT:  After the Spurs hit 17 3-pointers in the first meeting, they were limited to just 6 of 22 from behind the arc in the rematch. TURNING POINT:  Leading by 10 at halftime, the Heat avoided a letdown in the second half by completing a strong third quarter. They were able to answer each short run made the Spurs in the quarter, keeping a double-digit lead most of the way. HOT:  Bosh had his third consecutive strong game, hitting 10 of 16 shots. It was just his second 30-point game of the season. He also added 12 rebounds, continuing to show he's more comfortable as a low-post player. NOT:  Spurs reserve  Gary Neal  was just 2 of 13 from the field. He and  George Hill  combined to shoot 3 of 19. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Wade had his second consecutive strong all-around game. He had nine rebounds, four assists, two blocks and two steals. GOOD MOVE:  After trailing by 24 after one quarter in the first meeting, the Heat got off to a strong start against the Spurs. The Heat talked about how tough it was to play from behind in the game in San Antonio, but that wasn't the case Monday. The Heat led throughout. BAD MOVE:  The Spurs struggled with aggressiveness in the first half. They are one of the league's best teams at getting to the foul line, but didn't shoot a free throw until two minutes remained in the opening half. NOTABLE:  The Heat played without center  Zydrunas Ilgauskas , who missed his second consecutive game because of a foot infection. He is questionable for Wednesday's game against Oklahoma City. UP NEXT : For the Heat, Wednesday vs. Oklahoma City, Friday @ Atlanta, Saturday vs. Denver. For the Spurs, Friday @ Dallas, Saturday vs. Charlotte, Monday vs. Golden State.  