  Cavaliers-Knicks notebook   By Mike Vorkunov, for NBA.com Posted Sunday April 3, 2011 9:45PM THE FACTS : Once again led by their big three, the New York Knicks defeated the Cleveland Cavaliers, 123-107, at Madison Square Garden and clinched their first playoff appearance since the 2004 postseason.  Amar'e Stoudemire  led all scorers with 28 points, while  Carmelo Anthony  added 25 points and  Chauncey Billups  scored 23 points.  J.J. Hickson  led the Cavaliers with 23 points. QUOTABLE:   "I think he was very appreciative that I was strong enough to come here when the situation wasn't looking great. Secondly, I took it as a challenge upon myself and as a team to speak so boldly at the start of the year about the Knicks are back. Now we are in a position to be in the playoffs, which was the goal."  -  Stoudemire on what coach  Mike D'Antoni  told him after the Knicks clinched a postseason spot. THE STAT:  Free-throw shooting may not come into the spotlight in a 16-point victory but the Knicks had a memorable day from the charity stripe. New York shot 31-for-33 from the line, a remarkable 94 percent. Anthony hit all nine of his free throw attempts, while Stoudemire registered the team's only misses, going 10-12 from the free throw line. TURNING POINT:  After seeing their 22-point lead whittled down to a scant three points,  Toney Douglas  hit a straightaway three pointer early in the fourth quarter to extend the Knicks lead to 96-90 and start a 19-5 run-including 12 points in a row.  Bill Walker  threw down a thundering slam dunk on  Samardo Samuels , and followed it with a glare, to extend the lead to 11 points. Walker scored seven of the points during the run. INSIDE THE ARENA:  It was a strong turnout with actress  Whoopi Goldberg , rapper  50 Cent,  actor  Justin Bartha  of the Hangover, boxer  Floyd Mayweather , radio personality  Gary Dell'Abate , and former Knick  Larry Johnson , who received the loudest ovation from the crowd. ROOKIE WATCH:  As the Knicks have started to click and find a rhythm with their new roster, Landry Fields has floundered. He has scored in double-figures just twice in the last 10 games, averaging 6.9 points-per-game-down from his nightly 10 entering tonight. His rebounding has fallen as well as he averaged just 4.8 a night in the month of March and just two against the Cavaliers. None of that is a coincidence as his minutes have fallen with the Knicks playing Douglas more frequently. NOTABLE:  With the win and a corresponding Bobcats loss, the Knicks guaranteed their first playoff appearance since 2004. In that 2003-04 season, New York was led by  Stephon Marbury  and was promptly dismissed as the Nets swept them. Game 4, a 100-94 Nets win, was the last playoff game played at Madison Square Garden. UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Tuesday vs. Toronto, Wednesday @ Philadelphia, Friday @ New Jersey. For the Cavaliers, Tuesday vs. Charlotte, Wednesday @ Toronto, Friday vs. Chicago.  