  Notebook: Pistons 102, Magic 95 Posted Tuesday April 3, 2012 11:32PM By Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Center  Greg Monroe  had 22 points and 11 rebounds, his 26th double-double this season, as the Detroit Pistons downed the depleted Orlando Magic, 102-95, Tuesday night at The Palace. Guard  Ben Gordon  contributed 18 points, seven assists and six rebounds for the Pistons, who won for the fourth time in five games. Center  Glen Davis  scored a career-high 31 points for the Magic, which lost its fourth straight. Orlando's three top scorers -- All-Star  Dwight Howard  (back),  Ryan Anderson  (ankle) and Jameer Nelson (calf) -- missed the game with assorted injuries. QUOTABLE:  "We struggled early with a lot of things but we're now playing a lot better. Our chemistry is a lot better. Early in the season, we probably wouldn't have been able to close this game out."   -- Forward  Tayshaun Prince  on the Pistons going 16-13 after a 4-20 start. THE STAT:  7,000. Pistons reserve center  Ben Wallace  grabbed the 7,000th defensive rebound of his career during the second quarter. He became the 21st player in NBA history to reach that mark.  Kevin Garnett  (10,220),  Tim Duncan  (9,171) and  Dirk Nowitzki  (7,400) are the only active players with more defensive rebounds than Wallace (7,003). TURNING POINT:  Sparked by their second unit, the Pistons went on a 17-4 run at the start of the fourth quarter, turning a 74-74 tie into a 91-78 lead. Forward  Jonas Jerebko  scored seven of his 13 points during that span, including a 3-pointer to open the quarter. Guards  Brandon Knight  and  Will Bynum  added two baskets apiece. QUOTABLE II:  "It just says I've played with guys who have missed a lot of shots." --  Wallace with his playful response to his rebounding feat. HOT:  Davis has been disappointed with his playing time but took advantage of extended minutes with Orlando's top frontcourt players out of action. He shot 11-for-22 from the field and made his second 3-pointer of the season. He also went 8-for-10 from the free throw line and added 10 rebounds and three steals. His previous career high was 24 points against Memphis on March 21, 2009 when he played for Boston. NOT:  The Magic needed big nights from their shooting guards to make up for the holes in the lineup but  Jason Richardson  and  J.J. Redick  shot mostly blanks. Richardson had 10 points and Redick contributed just four. They were a combined 1-for-9 on 3-point attempts. GOOD MOVE:  The Pistons didn't care who scored, thriving by making the extra pass. They shot 56.6 percent from the field and outscored the Magic 56-30 in the paint as six players reached double figures. They also racked up 25 assists with five players making at least three. BAD MOVE:  Orlando small forward  Hedo Turkoglu  looked like he'd have a big night when he scored 11 points in the first quarter. But the Magic didn't ride the hot hand, as Turkoglu attempted just three more shots and finished with 16 points. NOTABLE:  Detroit has won 12 of the last 15 meetings against Orlando at The Palace. ... With Orlando's top two rebounders sidelined, the Pistons enjoyed a 45-30 rebounding advantage. ... Orlando's four-game losing streak ties its season high... Gordon had missed the last three games with a groin injury. Guard  Rodney Stuckey  (hamstring) was sidelined for the third straight game. ... Knight, who played for Kentucky last season, was thrilled to see his Wildcats and coach  John Calipari  win the national championship Monday. "I'm just excited for him, knowing he finally got people to stop talking that for him to be a good coach, he needed a championship," he said. "He finally did that and now he can move on and get even more." UP NEXT:  For the Magic, Thursday vs. New York, Saturday @ Philadelphia, Monday vs. Detroit. For the Pistons, Thursday vs. Washington, Friday @ Atlanta, Sunday @ Miami.  