Notebook: Grizzlies 108, Magic 82 
 
 
 Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Mar 03, 2013 10:01 PM - Updated Sun Mar 03, 2013 10:01 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:  Six Memphis players scored in double figures and  Marc Gasol  had a career-high 11 assists to lead the Grizzlies to a 108-82 rout of the Orlando Magic, the Grizzlies' ninth victory in 10 games. 
 
 Tayshaun Prince l ed the Grizzlies with 14 points, and  Ed Davis  came off the bench with 10 points and 10 rebounds. 
 
 Arron Afflalo, Andrew Nicholson  and  E'Twaun Moore  scored 12 points each for the Magic, who never led on their way to a 20th loss in 22 games. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We're not the dark horse any more. We're one of those teams that's up there so they'e going to give us their best effort. We've just got to come out like tonight and take care of business, be professional and get the win." --  Grizzlies guard  Quincy Poindexter . 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Each of the Magic's last three opponents has shot 53 percent or better, made 10 or more 3-pointers, and scored 60 points or more in the first half. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Grizzlies made nine of their last 10 shots of the first half, stretching an 11-point lead to 25. 
 
 HOT:  Gasol made five of six shots and both of his free throws, raising his free-throw percentage to .874, which is among the league's top 10. 
 
 NOT:  Coming off a career-high 27 points Friday night, Magic forward  Tobias Harris  came back down to earth with 3-for-14 shooting and missed all five of his 3-pointers. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  All-Star forward  Zach Randolph  was given the night off to nurse his sprained ankle. The Grizzlies do not play against until Wednesday. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We didn't really over-pound the ball in the post. With Zach out, we lost that part of our game and we were able to play a little bit differently and took advantage of them thinking that we had to play in the post." --  Memphis coach  Lionel Hollins. 
 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Magic forward  Maurice Harkless  got a technical foul for slamming the ball down in frustration after  Jerryd Bayless  finished the third quarter with a 3-pointer for Memphis. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "(Harkless) didn't do it toward the official or anything . . . but when he sees his paycheck with that minus next to it, he'll be smarter next time." --  Magic coach  Jacque Vaughn. 
 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Memphis guard  Tony Wroten  had eight points and five assists in only 17 minutes . . . The Magic's rookie forward tandem of Harkless and Nicholson combined to make 9-of-12 shots, but had problems on the defensive end. 
 
 NOTABLE:  The Grizzlies are 18-0 when scoring 100 points or more  . . . The Magic became only the fourth NBA team in the last 28 seasons to lose six home games by 24 points or more. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Grizzlies: Wednesday vs. Portland, Friday @ Cleveland, Saturday vs. New Orleans. For the Magic: Monday @ New Orleans, Wednesday @ Miami, Friday vs. Indiana. 
