  Notebook: Celtics 115, Knicks 111 Posted Sunday March 4, 2012 6:40PM By Brian Robb, for NBA.com THE FACTS:   Rajon Rondo  had a historic triple-double as the Boston Celtics fought back from a late deficit in regulation to beat the New York Knicks 115-111 in an overtime thriller. Boston's All-Star point guard had an incredible stat line of 18 points, a career-high 17 rebounds, and 20 assists, captaining the Celtics offense to a season-high point total. It was only the third time in NBA history that a player has recorded at least 20 assists and 17 rebounds in a game.  Magic Johnson  did it in 1983, with 17 rebounds and 21 assists against the Hawks, and  Wilt Chamberlain  had 25 rebounds and 21 assists against Detroit in 1968.   Paul Pierce  added a game-high 34 points during Boston's fourth straight win, including a game tying three-pointer with just four seconds remaining in regulation.  Carmelo Anthony  had 25 points for the Knicks in setback, as the visitors could not overcome 22 turnovers to get the road win. With the setback, New York has now dropped 13 consecutive games at TD Garden, dating back to November 2006. Boston also extended their lead to one and a half games over their division rival for the seventh seed in the Eastern Conference. QUOTABLE:  "I'm just playing. The biggest thing is we got the win. Paul made that shot to send us into overtime and that was big for us. You know, if you get those type of numbers and you lose, it's kind of irrelevant."   -- Rondo on his triple-double. THE STAT:  The Knicks could not mount any sustainable offense in the overtime period against Boston, hitting just 3-of-16 shots (18.8 percent) during the five-minute period. TURNING POINT:  After the Celtics squandered a nine-point fourth quarter edge, they found themselves trailing by three with 18 seconds remaining and no timeouts. A broken play consisting of weaving and handoffs gave Pierce an open-look over Knicks rookie Iman Shumpert with just 4.2 seconds remaining. The C's captain drilled the three-ball, his fourth of the night, while Anthony missed a jumper on the ensuing possession pushing the game to overtime, giving Boston a second life. QUOTABLE II:  "He's just unconventional, but like I said before the game he's one of the best in the league. There aren't many guards, maybe no guards who can put up numbers like that. We didn't do a good job of containing him and he obviously controlled the tempo of the game."   --  Jeremy Lin  on Rondo HOT:  Pierce -- 24 of his 34 points came in the second half for the ten-time All-Star as the veteran has broken out of a lengthy shooting slump in a big way over the past two games. Over those contests, the small forward has averaged 30.5 points a game, on 62 percent shooting from the field. NOT:  Lin -- The second-year sensation had his return to Boston spoiled as he struggled late in this one against the vaunted Celtics defense. The former Harvard star missed six of his seven shots in overtime and also turned the ball over six times in just 31 minutes of action. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:   Kevin Garnett  -- The 35-year-old continues to turn back the clock with his play on both ends on the floor over the past five games. He posted his third straight double-double Sunday afternoon with 20 points and 10 rebounds, and is averaging 20.8 points and 10.2 rebounds per game on 53 percent shooting since returning from a two-game personal absence on February 22nd. BAD MOVE:  Despite leading by three with the final seconds in regulation ticking off the clock, the Knicks elected not to foul a Celtic on the team's closing possession and eliminate the chance for Boston tie the game with a three-pointer. "We don't do that,"  Mike D'Antoni  said postgame. Sure enough, Pierce hit a long jumper to push the game into overtime. ROOKIE WATCH:  Shumpert -- The rookie out of Georgia Tech had one of the best games of his young career for the Knicks, leading New York's offensive charge off the bench with 14 points, five rebounds, three assists and two steals. The strong effort combined with the guard's 30 minutes of play could foreshadow a return to the starting lineup over  Landry Fields  (15 minutes). NOTABLE:   Ray Allen  returned to the starting lineup after missing Friday's win over New Jersey.  Jermaine O'Neal  did not play again with a sprained left wrist. He continues to consult with hand specialists as he weighs surgery to correct the lingering injury.  Brandon Bass  added 18 points, but rolled his left ankle in the third quarter. He left the game to have his ankle taped, but returned to action in the fourth. The Knicks announced before the game that  Bill Walker  would miss the next 4-6 weeks due to left elbow surgery. New York's 22 turnovers were just two short of their season high. Rondo's triple-double was the fourth of the season and 17th of his career. Rondo's 20 assists were also a season-high for him.  Amar'e Stoudemire  had a double-double with 16 points and 13 rebounds. Boston now leads the season series 2-1 over New York. UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Tuesday @ Dallas, Wednesday @ San Antonio, Friday @ Milwaukee. For the Celtics, Tuesday vs. Houston, Wednesday @ Philadelphia, Friday vs. Portland.  