  Notebook: Pistons 94, Trail Blazers 91   By Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com Posted Sunday January 22, 2012 12:06AM THE FACTS:  Guard  Rodney Stuckey  scored a season-high 28 points as the Detroit Pistons snapped a four-game losing streak with a 94-91 victory over the Portland Trail Blazers Saturday night. Forward  Tayshaun Prince  added 17 points for Detroit, which also snapped a five-game home losing streak. Forward  LaMarcus Aldridge  led Portland with 25 points. QUOTABLE:  "I can play off the ball and he can play off the ball. We can play off of each other. It's a great way to play and something I'm sure we'll look to exploit later on. It's definitely good having two ball handlers that can both attack and create for the team."   -- Pistons rookie guard  Brandon Knight , who had 14 points and three assists to complement Stuckey's 28-point night THE STAT:  54. A 54-point first half might sound ordinary to some teams but for the Pistons, it was an offensive explosion. Detroit, which is last in the league in scoring, achieved a season-high halftime total behind 16 points from Stuckey and 54.5 percent shooting. Forward  Jonas Jerebko  added nine of his 11 points before the break. TURNING POINT:  Knight and Stuckey sparked a 16-4, third-quarter run when the Pistons built a 16-point lead. Knight had two fast-break layups and assisted on 3-pointers by Stuckey and Prince. Stuckey capped the run when he flung in a desperation 3-pointer with the shot clock about to expire, giving his team a 67-51 advantage. Portland rallied but never caught up. QUOTABLE II:  "I fouled him with my head. I fouled him with my lip. I don't know what I did but I guess it was a foul."   -- Jerebko on getting called for a foul against  Craig Smith  with 7:46 remaining while getting elbowed in the mouth. His cut lip required two stitches. HOT:  Stuckey hadn't scored more than 17 points this season and has been battling a groin injury, which forced him to miss Friday's loss to Memphis. The only reason he started was that  Ben Gordon  was a late scratch with a sore shoulder. Stuckey not only made strong moves to the basket, he hit 4 of 5 3-point attempts and chipped in a team-high five assists. NOT:  While Aldridge followed up his 33-point performance in Toronto Friday with another high-scoring game, he left much to be desired around the backboard. He grabbed just four rebounds after pulling down 23 against the Raptors. He also failed in the clutch, shooting 1 of 4 from the field and getting the ball stolen from him by Detroit center  Greg Monroe . GOOD MOVE:  With his club leading by three and neither team having a timeout left, Pistons coach  Lawrence Frank  ordered Knight to foul  Raymond Felton . Though Felton made both free throws, Portland was forced to foul again and Stuckey made both free throws. Felton lost the ball on the Trail Blazers' final possession. BAD MOVE:  Portland coach  Nate McMillan  replaced Smith with  Marcus Camby  with 3:51 remaining Camby, who had just two points and six rebounds in 26 minutes, contributing nothing down the stretch while Detroit clung to a slim lead. NOTABLE:  Portland forward  Gerald Wallace  missed the game with a sprained right middle finger. ... Felton had 20 points and nine assists. ... Monroe took only six shots and was held to 10 points. ... Pistons 29-year-old rookie guard  Walker Russell Jr.  made his second career appearance and had three points and two assists. UP NEXT:  For the Trail Blazers, Monday vs. Sacramento, Tuesday vs. Memphis, Wednesday @ Golden State. For the Pistons, Monday @ Oklahoma City, Wednesday vs. Miami, Friday vs. Atlanta.  