Notebook: Bobcats 88, 76ers 83 
 
 
 Derek S. Smith, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Apr 03, 2013 10:55 PM - Updated Wed Apr 03, 2013 10:55 PM 
 
 THE FACTS: Gerald Henderson  scored 10 of his game-high 24 points in the fourth quarter as the Charlotte Bobcats overcame a 16-point first half deficit to pick up an 88-83 win over the Philadelphia 76ers Wednesday night at Time Warner Cable Arena.  
 Both  Kemba Walker  (17 points, 10 assists) and  Josh McRoberts  (12 points, 16 assists) double-doubled for Charlotte (18-57). 
 
 Damien Wilkins  led all Philadelphia players with 20 points. The Sixers (30-44) continue to inch closer to elimination from the playoffs. 
 
 QUOTABLE : "We got off to a good start, but we stopped moving the ball. Sixteen assists on 33 made baskets tells me all I need to know. We tried to do things on our own and made too many mistakes, which turned into easy baskets the other way." 
 -- Philadelphia coach  Doug Collins 
 
 
 THE STAT : The Bobcats forced Philadelphia to commit 15 turnovers on the night. Charlotte turned those 15 miscues into 19 points on the other end. Those extra possessions and the Bobcats perimeter speed allowed Charlotte to score 24 points in transition which proved to be one of the key factors in the win. 
 
 TURNING POINT : With 33.9 seconds on the clock and the Sixers trailing by just a point, Henderson tipped and stole the inbounds pass thrown by  Evan Turner  and converted it into an easy lay-in for a three-point Bobcats cushion. Charlotte secured the rebound on the next possession and made a pair of free throws to seal the victory.  
 
 HOT : Henderson continued his strong play of late. The Bobcats shooting guard had 24 points on 10-for-18 shooting. He added four rebounds, four assists, two steals and a blocked shot to his stat line while connecting on all four of his free-throw attempts. Henderson has reached the 20-point plateau in eight of the last 14 games. Over his last five games, Henderson is averaging 25.8 points, 4.6 rebounds, 3.4 assists, 1.6 steals and 0.6 blocks. 
 
 NOT :  Jrue Holiday  had a horrendous night shooting for the 76ers. The Philadelphia guard finished the night with just five points on 2-for-24 shooting. Holiday scored his first basket with 2:12 to play in the first quarter and scored his only other basket with 1:16 left to play. It was Holiday's second single-digit game in his last five.  
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT : McRoberts has become a staple in the Bobcats lineup and is putting up solid numbers recently. McRoberts had a career-high 16 rebounds Wednesday and is averaging 13.0 rebounds over the last two games. He is also averaging 4.0 assists and 10.0 points over the last two contests. McRoberts has three double-doubles and five double-figure rebounding games in his last 11 games played.  
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA : The Bobcats hosted a group of fans for Autism Awareness Month and had PSA spots and information throughout the arena.  
 
 BAD MOVE: Justin Holiday , the Sixers most recent acquisition, made an ill-fated alley oop attempt to brother Jrue. Philadelphia was leading at the time 37-28 and it forced Collins to call timeout, and the bad pass keyed a 10-6 run which swung the momentum towards the Bobcats.  
 
 ROOKIE WATCH: Michael Kidd-Gilchrist  returned from a one-game absence and struggled on the offensive end. Kidd-Gilchrist finished the night with four points and seven rebounds with three turnovers. Justin Holiday made his debut with the 76ers and scored two points while grabbing two rebounds in seven minutes of action.  Arnett Moultrie  had four points in nine minutes of action for Philadelphia.  
 
 NOTABLE : The win by Charlotte snapped a six-game losing streak in the series. ... The Bobcats are averaging 19.5 turnovers the last two games. ... Charlotte has won five of its last six games at Time Warner Cable Arena. ... Walker scored in double figures for the 17th straight game and added 10 assists for his fourth double-double of the season. ...  Reggie Williams  scored a season-high 12 points for the Bobcats. ...  Damien Wilkins  had his third game of 20-plus points this season. ... Turner scored in double figures for the fourth straight game and 55th time this season. ...  Dorell Wright  scored in double figures for the 26th time this season. ... Philadelphia is now 6-24 when scoring below 90 and rank 29th in the NBA in scoring. 
 
 UP NEXT : For the Sixers, Friday @ Atlanta, Saturday @ Miami, Tuesday @ Brooklyn. For the Bobcats, Friday vs. Miami, Saturday @ Brooklyn, Tuesday @ Memphis. 
