Notebook: Jazz 112, Bobcats 102 
 
 
 Derek Smith, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Jan 09, 2013 10:35 PM - Updated Wed Jan 09, 2013 10:35 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:   Al Jefferson  scored 26 points and  Paul Millsap  added 19 as the Utah Jazz picked up a 112-102 wire-to-wire win over the Charlotte Bobcats Wednesday night at Time Warner Cable Arena. The Jazz have won four of their last five while the Bobcats have dropped 12 consecutive at home. Charlotte was led by  Ben Gordon's  20 points off the bench.   
 
 QUOTABLE:  We executed tonight. I thought we got the ball inside and attacked the basket. Al (Jefferson) and Paul (Millsap) went to the basket hard, but they passes they made to their teammates when they got the double teams gave guys really good looks. We made the right plays tonight and got great passes to guys cutting to the basket too. 
 -- Utah coach  Tyrone Corbin 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Three-point shooting was a big key in Utah's win tonight. The Jazz were 10-of-22 from the three-point line and made six more threes than the Bobcats did. The Bobcats have allowed opponents to make at least 10 threes in five of their last 10 games and allow the most made three pointers in the league with teams averaging 9.4 per game. Charlotte is next to last in three-point field goal defense in the league allowing their opponents to shoot 38.7 percent from behind the arc. Even more telling is that the Bobcats allow 10.6 threes in losses compared to 6.1 in wins and allow opponents to make 42.7 percent in losses and 27.1 percent in wins 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Utah blew open the game late in the second quarter behind its strong perimeter shooting. Charlotte had pulled within a point, 34-33, with 6:02 in the half after a  Ben Gordon  basket before the Jazz pulled away.  Gordon Hayward  opened the 20-4 run with a 23-foot 3-pointer at the 5:42 mark and added two more 3s in the run. Over the spurt Utah was 7-of-10 from the floor and forced three Charlotte turnovers. Millsap closed the run with a step back jumper and the Jazz were comfortably ahead by 17 and never led by fewer than 10 the rest of the way.  
 
 HOT:  Utah's starting power forward/center combination of Jefferson and Millsap were hot tonight against Charlotte. Jefferson scored 26 points, grabbed eight rebounds, dished two assists and added a steal while making 11 of his 15 attempts. Millsap had 19 points, five rebounds, five assists and three blocked shots on the night and connected on 8 of his 12 field goal attempts.  
 
 NOT:  On the other hand the starting power forward/center combination for Charlotte of  Tyrus Thomas  and  Bismack Biyombo  were much less successful. Thomas played just 10 minutes and had no points, two rebounds and two turnovers. Biyombo was also held scoreless, but did have five rebounds, two assists and two blocks on the night. 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:   Jamaal Tinsley  has played nicely since being inserted into the staring lineup nine games ago. Tinsley had nine points, eight assists, two rebounds and two steals against Charlotte. Since being inserted in the starting lineup he's averaged 6.1 points, 5.7 assists, 2.7 rebounds and 1.2 steals. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Michael Kidd-Gilchrist  had 15 points on 7-of-11 shooting against Utah and grabbed eight rebounds while dishing our four assists and picking up two steals. Fellow rookie Jeffery Taylor had six points in 18 minutes of action. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Gordon   scored in double figures for the sixth straight game and recorded 20 points or more for the second time in three games.  Kemba Walker  tallied double digits for the 31st time this season and fifth straight game.   Jefferson has scored 19 or more points in each of his last six meetings against Charlotte including 26 Wednesday. He also scored in double figures for the eighth straight game and topped 20 points for the tenth time. Hayward scored in double figures for the sixth straight game.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Jazz, Friday @ Atlanta, Saturday @ Detroit, Monday vs. Miami. For the Bobcats, Friday @ Toronto, Saturday @ Indiana, Monday @ Boston. 
