  Lakers-Rockets notebook   By Matt Miller, for NBA.com Posted Thursday December 2, 2010 12:16AM THE FACTS:   Shane Battier  scored 11 points in the final three minutes of regulation to lift the Houston Rockets to a 109-99 victory over the reeling Los Angeles Lakers on Wednesday at Toyota Center. Kevin Martin  paced Houston's attack after halftime, scoring 20 of his team-high 22 in the third and fourth quarters. Battier put up 17 points on 5-for-7 shooting, while  Luis Scola  scored 14 and grabbed nine rebounds. Kobe Bryant  led all scorers with 27 points but shot just 10-for-24 from the field.  Lamar Odom  posted a double-double for the Lakers (13-6), scoring a season-high 25 points to go with his 11 boards. Wednesday's loss was L.A.'s fourth in a row. The Lakers last lost four consecutive games in April 2007. QUOTABLE:  "The last five minutes [of the game] was our five minutes."   -- Rockets coach  Rick Adelman THE STAT:  Odom and  Pau Gasol  did not score in the fourth quarter as the Lakers shot 5-for-22 (22.7 percent). TURNING POINT:  Houston (6-12) trailed 97-94 with less than three minutes remaining in the game when Battier connected on back-to-back 3-pointers from the corner to power a 15-2 run that sent the Rockets to their third straight home win. QUOTABLE II:  "Usually the Lakers give up that corner 3 because Kobe doesn't really play me. He roams off of me. ... I shot the first one, and the second one was tougher because Gasol was running at me."   -- Battier on the two treys he sank that gave the Rockets a lead they never relinquished HOT:  Odom was sensational for the Lakers during the first three quarters, connecting on 11-for-14 shots. Even an 0-for-2 outing in the fourth didn't diminish one of Odom's best performances of the season. Odom has now shot 54 percent or better in five of his last six games. NOT:  The Rockets effectively contained Gasol, limiting him to a season-low eight points and nine rebounds. Gasol, who scored 29 and pulled down 11 rebounds in the Lakers' 112-110 victory over Houston on Oct. 26, had just two points and four rebounds in the second half Wednesday. A sore hamstring could have been the source of Gasol's lackluster effort. "[My hamstring] bothered me out there," Gasol said. "It didn't get loose at all. ... I'm concerned that it doesn't get better [and] we'll really have a problem." FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Although Martin continues to post solid numbers for Houston, fantasy owners should be wary of his recent shooting slump. Including Wednesday's game, Martin has shot 31.7 percent (26-for-82) over his last five games. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Recording artist  Ashley Monical  sang the national anthem. ... The Rockets played before an announced crowd of 18,116 Wednesday, marking their third sellout of this season. GOOD MOVE:  Adelman appears to have developed a great deal of trust in second-year forward  Jordan Hill , who scored in double digits for the fourth consecutive game Wednesday. Hill also kept Gasol off the boards and the scoreboard for much of the fourth quarter, earning praise from his coach and possibly more minutes on the court. QUOTABLE III:  "We are not playing well, and it's a joke."   -- Odom on the Lakers' recent struggles ROOKIE WATCH:  Rockets reserve point guard  Ishmael Smith  scored four points (2-for-2 shooting), dished out two assists, grabbed three rebounds, and committed one turnover in 12-plus minutes of action Wednesday. NOTABLE:  Houston overcame a double-digit deficit (12 points) to win for the first time this season. ... The Lakers are going through their first four-game losing skid since trading for Gasol. ... Houston has won three consecutive home games for the first time this season. ... The Rockets had lost four straight regular-season games against L.A. at Toyota Center. ... Martin had a streak of 19 consecutive games with at least one 3-pointer snapped after an 0-for-4 performance from beyond the arc Wednesday. ... Scola has scored in double figures in 14 straight games. UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Friday vs. Sacramento, Tuesday vs. Washington, Dec. 8 @ L.A. Clippers. For the Rockets, Friday @ Memphis, Saturday @ Chicago, Tuesday vs. Detroit.  