  Bobcats-Cavs notebook   By Brian Dulik, for NBA.com  Posted Tuesday April 5, 2011 11:00PM THE FACTS:  Power forward  J.J. Hickson  racked up 16 points and 19 rebounds as the Cleveland Cavaliers dealt the Charlotte Bobcats' playoff hopes a crushing blow with a 99-89 victory. Point guard  D.J. Augustin  had 22 points and eight assists for Charlotte, which trailed by 21 points in the second quarter. The Bobcats fell 2 ½ games behind Indiana in the race for the final Eastern Conference postseason berth. QUOTABLE:  "Quite frankly, we just don't have enough (healthy players) right now. We're short-handed. We almost have to play perfect basketball, which is almost impossible to do."   -- Bobcats coach  Paul Silas THE STAT:  Hickson completed his 23rd double-double of the season with 5:52 left in the second quarter as the Cavaliers went up 49-28. The third-year pro finished with a career-high 16 defensive rebounds, falling one shy of equaling the Quicken Loans Arena record for a regulation game. Hickson's 19 total boards were one less than his NBA best, which he set at Chicago on Jan. 22. TURNING POINT:  Small forward  Alonzo Gee , point guard  Baron Davis  and Hickson accounted for all of the Cavaliers' points in the first 6:12 as they seized an 18-5 lead. Cleveland would extend its advantage to 45-24 later in the half before Charlotte began contesting shots in the paint. "We just went through the motions in the first half," Silas said. "I'm not gonna have that. We're not gonna do that." QUOTABLE II:  "I was proud of how we came out and took it to them right away. Even one of the refs commended me on how hard our guys played tonight."   -- Cavaliers coach  Byron Scott HOT:  Cleveland center  Ryan Hollins  was perfect offensively, going 7-for-7 from the floor and 2-for-2 from the line in scoring a season-high 16 points. He also negated Bobcats counterpart  Kwame Brown  on the other end of the court as the Cavaliers were a plus-14 in points in the paint. "Ryan has shown signs he can definitely help us, but he's had lapses, as well," Scott said. "He's still trying to figure it all out." NOT:  Bobcats small forward  Boris Diaw  was virtually non-existent in the first half with one point, three rebounds and two assists. He hit the glass harder after intermission to finish with 11 boards, but had just three points and five helpers in 38 total minutes. "Kwame and Diaw kicked our butts the last time, but our big guys really took up the challenge tonight," Scott said. "Ryan and J.J., especially." QUOTABLE III:  "We came in and tried to give our fans a show tonight -- and got it done. It's all for them because they stuck by us during our (NBA-record 26-game losing streak) and they continue to give us the energy to play hard every night."   -- Cavaliers center Ryan Hollins GOOD MOVE:  Scott went inside early and often to Hickson and Hollins, capitalizing on Charlotte's rash of frontcourt injuries. Hickson had 14 points and 13 rebounds in the first half, while Hollins dominated the second with 14 points. "That's one of the things about our defense, it kind of breaks down if you give up the lane, and we did that a few times," Brown said. "Also, we weren't defensive rebounding really well." BAD MOVE:  Cavaliers shooting guard  Anthony Parker  kept firing up the rock, missing all five of his second-half tries to finish 0-for-8 from the field, including 0-for-5 on 3-pointers. The well-respected veteran failed to score in 30 minutes, but did dish out a team-high tying five assists. Cleveland's starting backcourt of Parker and Davis was 0-for-8 shooting over the final two periods and scored one point. NOTABLE:  The Cavaliers improved to 4-21 in games that they lead after one quarter. ... Point guard  Ramon Sessions  led Cleveland with 18 points off the bench, making his first five field goals and eight free throws. ... With 6:05 left in the fourth quarter, Sessions and Hollins were a combined 10-for-10 from the floor and 10-for-10 from the foul line. They finished the evening 12-for-14 on field goal attempts. ... The Bobcats won the season series 2-1, but failed in their bid to sweep the Cavaliers for the first time since entering the NBA. ... Cleveland rookie guard  Manny Harris  was the only healthy player not to play on either team. UP NEXT:  For the Bobcats, Wednesday vs. Orlando, Friday @ Miami, Sunday vs. Detroit. For the Cavaliers, Wednesday @ Toronto, Friday vs. Chicago, Saturday @ Milwaukee.  