Notebook: Warriors 116, Thunder 115 
 
 
 Geoff Lepper, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Nov 15, 2013 2:52 AM - Updated Fri Nov 15, 2013 2:52 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  This was just the Warriors' second win in their last nine tries against the Thunder. 
 
 THE LEAD:   Andre Iguodala  drained a buzzer-beating, 16-foot turnaround jumper as the Golden State Warriors recovered from blowing a 14-point fourth-quarter lead to knock off the Oklahoma City Thunder 116-115 Thursday night. 
 Iguodala's fadeaway ruined  Russell Westbrook 's bid for last-minute heroics -- which took the form of a 29-foot line-drive 3-pointer with 2.3 seconds remaining. The shot capped a 23-8 run and staked the Thunder to their first lead since the 11:13 mark of the third quarter. But even with a game-high 31 points from Westbrook and a 27-point, 13-rebound night from  Serge Ibaka , Oklahoma City couldn't hang on. 
 
 Klay Thompson  paced the Warriors with 27 points, while  Stephen Curry  added 22 points and nine assists. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "It went from a terrible mood to the best mood you could have, so thank Andre for that."  
 -- Klay Thompson 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Warriors hit 12 of their first 14 3-pointers and finished the night shooting 60.9 percent behind the arc -- a performance that  Kevin Durant  described by using a single expletive. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Coach  Mark Jackson  drew up the Warriors' final play with the intention of having Thompson inbound to Iguodala along the perimeter. But  Thabo Sefolosha 's overplay to the high side necessitated an instantaneous change of plans between Thompson and Iguodala, who made an unscheduled cut towards the baseline. Thompson fed him the ball in stride, and Iguodala took one stride before rising up to knock down his fourth career buzzer-beater. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "The defender was on the top side, denying me the ball, to catch it on the perimeter. It was great that Klay made the pass. We both read the same thing, and I got a good corner shot with a good look."  
 -- Andre Iguodala 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Jackson had no hesitation in eschewing both Thompson and Curry -- the NBA's best-shooting backcourt -- in favor of Iguodala, pointing out that Curry was going to be blanketed by the Thunder's defense. It was similar to the decision he made last week in the waning moments of a 76-74 loss to San Antonio. Iguodala took Golden State's last shot in that contest as well, missing a short runner after blowing by  Marco Belinelli . 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "If the Thunder were in the same situation, you could bet your last dollar it was going to Durant or Westbrook. We have the luxury of having weapons on the floor. I believe in those guys, and today it was Andre that came up big."  
 -- Mark Jackson 
 
 
 HOT:  Westbrook was unstoppable in the second half, with 15 points on 6-for-9 shooting, and five rebounds. 
 
 NOT:  Iguodala didn't just hit the game-winning shot. He helped put Golden State in position to even have a game-winning shot by hounding Durant into becoming more of a facilitator, and helping force five turnovers against eight assists. Durant, who came into the game averaging 30.4 points per game against Golden State, went 5-for-13 from the floor en route to 20 points. That's his lowest total against the Warriors since he was a 19-year-old rookie in Seattle. 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:   Harrison Barnes  had his best game of the season, delivering 16 points off the bench and keying the Warriors' offense as they built their big lead. 
 
 NOTABLE:  The Warriors are 4-0 at home this season. . . . Oklahoma City outrebounded Golden State 48-31, but the Warriors converted 19 Thunder turnovers into 29 points. . . . Warriors center  Jermaine O'Neal  scored four points, putting him over the 13,000 mark for his career. He's the seventh active player with at least 13,000 points, 7,000 rebounds and 1,000 blocks. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Thunder, Saturday at Milwaukee, Monday vs. Denver, Thursday vs. L.A. Clippers. For the Warriors, Saturday vs. Utah, Monday at Utah, Wednesday vs. Memphis. 
