Notebook: Nuggets 109, Nets 87 
 
 
 Michael Kelly, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Mar 30, 2013 12:57 AM - Updated Sat Mar 30, 2013 12:57 AM 
 
 THE FACTS:  Rookie  Evan Fournier  scored a career-high 17 points,  W ilson Chandler  had 16 and the Denver Nuggets routed the Brooklyn Nets 109-87 on Friday night. 
 With  Ty Lawson  out with a strained right heel and a plantar fascia tear in his right foot, Fournier stepped up with the best game of his young career. 
 
 Corey Brewer  and  Kosta Koufos  scored 13 points each for Denver, which extended its home winning streak to 18 games. The Nuggets are one home win shy of tying the longest streak in franchise history -- set in the 1988-89 season -- and three wins from tying the record for home wins in one season. 
 
 Deron Williams  had 19 points and  Reggie Evans  15 points and 16 rebounds for the Nets, who had won four of their first five on this eight-game road trip. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "Evan has all the cards to play that way. We're all happy that he came in like that. We knew he would be ready to play this game."  
 -- Nuggets forward  Danilo Gallinari 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Nuggets shot a blistering 57 percent from the field while holding the Nets to 41 percent. It more than made up for Brooklyn's 49-33 rebounding edge. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Nuggets used a strong second quarter to turn a two-point game into a 17-point halftime lead. Fournier had nine points and Denver held the Nets to 4-for-16 shooting in the quarter. Brooklyn hurt itself with seven turnovers and eight missed free throws in the second. 
 
  QUOTABLE II:  "They came out and put a beating on us from the jump. We were close at the end of the first but after that it wasn't really close after that." 
 -- Deron Williams 
 
 
 HOT:  Evans had his second straight monster game. After putting up 22 points and 26 rebounds against Portland he came back with another great effort against his former team. It was his 13th game in March he has double digit rebounds, and the one game he failed to reach that mark he had nine. 
 
 NOT:  The Nets from the line. They were 18-for-36 on free throws, with  Brooks Lopez  missing six of nine.  
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "Free throws just killed us. When you're trying to claw back in and you miss half your free throws or more it's very difficult."  
 -- Nets coach  P.J. Carlesimo 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Nuggets coach  George Karl  mixed up his lineups with Lawson sidelined. At one point, he had  Andre Iguodala  and Gallinari playing point guard as well as Fournier. Denver never seemed to lose its flow whomever was running the offense. 
 
  ROOKIE WATCH:  Fournier has played sparingly lately but he looked at home coming in for some quality minutes. His breakout performance showed the Nuggets might survive Lawson's absence.  
 
 QUOTABLE IV:  "I think we've got to stay with the crew we've got unless [ John ]  Stockton  wants to come out of retirement."  
 -- George Karl, on his roster with Lawson out 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  Denver has now won 50 games for the fifth straight full season. It had 36 wins in a shortened season last year. ... The Nuggets' reserves outscored Brooklyn's 60-37. ... Nets guard  Joe Johnson  missed his third straight game with a bruised right quad. ... The Nuggets play five of their final eight games at home and have a chance to finish with the best home record in the NBA. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Nets, Saturday @ Utah, Wednesday @ Cleveland, Thursday vs. Chicago. For the Nuggets, Wednesday @ Utah, Thursday vs. Dallas, Saturday vs. Houston. 
