  Bulls-Bucks notebook   By Rick Braun, for NBA.com Posted Sunday March 27, 2011 12:17AM THE FACTS: Derrick Rose  scored 30 points, including eight in a closing 12-0 run in the final three minutes, and a career-high 17 assists as the Chicago Bulls overcame a 15-point third-quarter deficit to post a 95-87 victory over the Milwaukee Bucks on Saturday night at the Bradley Center. QUOTABLE:  "When the chance is there, I just try. Like I've said, if it weren't for my teammates I wouldn't be able to do what I'm doing. I'm just trying to take the correct shot, and tonight it was me driving the ball."   -- Rose on taking over in the fourth quarter THE STAT:  Over the final five minutes of the fourth quarter, the Bulls shot 85.7 percent (6-for-7) while the Bucks missed all seven of their shots from the field. TURNING POINT:  The Bulls never led in the first 46 minutes but pulled into an 87-87 tie on two free throws by Rose and a dunk by  Joakim Noah . From there, Rose scored the next three buckets while  Luol Deng  twice stopped the Bucks'  John Salmons , once forcing a tough shot and on the next possession forcing Salmons to dribble the ball off his leg for a turnover. QUOTABLE II:  "His will, the pace, making plays, scoring ... whatever we needed, he provided."   -- Bulls coach  Tom Thibodeau  on Rose HOT:  At 9-for17 for the game and 3-for-6 in the fourth quarter, Rose's numbers weren't off the charts. But his three fourth-quarter field goals came in his last three shots -- all in the final 1:52. NOT:  Salmons was 9-for-16 for 25 points through three quarters but was a scoreless 0-for-5 in the fourth. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Rose's 30 points and 17 assists should win his owners a few games in the pretend world. INSIDE THE ARENA:  One night after he was in attendance at the United Center, civil rights activist  Rev. Jesse Jackson  was in a second-row seat across from the Bulls' bench. ... The sellout crowd of 18,717 featured a very vocal contingent from Chicago. In fact, while they might not have been in the majority, Bulls fans still made much more noise. ROOKIE WATCH:  Bucks forward  Larry Sanders  posted five points and a blocked shot but was shut out on the boards in 15 minutes of play. NOTABLE:  Bucks guard  Michael Redd  dressed for the first time this season after missing 71 games while rehabilitating from left knee surgery. Although he was in uniform, Redd did not get into the game. ... Forward  Drew Gooden , the Bucks' big free-agent signing of last offseason, also did not get in for the third straight game while being in uniform. Gooden had missed the previous 26 games with plantar fasciitis. ...  Corey Maggette , another heralded offseason pickup for the Bucks, did not play while healthy for the fourth time in five games. ... Rose's 17 assists eclipsed his previous career high by three. ...  Carlos Boozer  had a double-double for the Bulls with 14 points and 11 rebounds, and Noah did double-double duty with 12 points and 11 boards. ... The Bucks missed a chance to pull even with Indiana and Charlotte in the loss column for the final Eastern Conference playoff spot. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Monday vs. Philadelphia, Wednesday @ Minnesota, Friday @ Detroit. For the Bucks, Monday @ Charlotte, Wednesday @ Toronto, Friday @ Indiana.  