Notebook: Warriors 100, Mavericks 97 
 
 
 Geoff Lepper, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Feb 01, 2013 2:43 AM - Updated Fri Feb 01, 2013 2:43 AM 
 
 THE FACTS:  Coming off a career-high scoring performance in his last game,  Klay Thompson  nearly topped that Thursday, providing 27 points as the Golden State Warriors held on for a 100-97 win against the Dallas Mavericks. 
 
 David Lee  fell one assist short of a triple-double, with 15 points, 20 rebounds and nine dishes to help make up for the absence of point guard  Stephen Curry , sitting out for a second straight night with a sprained right ankle. 
 
 O.J. Mayo  tallied 25 points, six assists and five boards to help the Mavericks make a go of it despite playing without star forward  Dirk Nowitzki , who missed the game due to a right adductor strain. Starting center  Chris Kaman  also was absent due to a concussion suffered Monday in practice. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "At the end of the day, that is a game we lose last year. We made the plays we had to make." 
 -- Warriors coach  Mark Jackson 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Warriors never trailed, but it was hardly a classic wire-to-wire victory. After allowing a 12-0 run to open the fourth quarter, Dallas scored 13 straight points of their own to force a 92-all tie with 4:15 left. Jarrett Jack's 3-pointer with 3:50 left got Golden State back on top for good. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The game wasn't sealed until Golden State center  Andrew Bogut , starting just his second game since November, rejected a go-ahead try by former Warrior big man  Brandan Wright  with 6.2 seconds left -- a play the Mavericks thought was more foul than block.  Jarrett Jack  secured the rebound, was fouled and hit both free throws for a 100-97 lead with 2.0 seconds remaining.  Vince Carter 's spinning 29-footer at the final buzzer fell short, leaving the Mavericks to stew over the officiating for a second straight game; Dallas felt hard done Tuesday by a charging call on Mayo with 1.5 seconds remaining against Portland. Trail Blazers forward  LaMarcus Aldridge  took the ensuing possession and drained a buzzer-beater to lock up a 106-104 victory. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "The game came down to the call that wasn't made. Brandan Wright got hit in the arm. And it's obvious. It's two nights in a row. It's very tough to take, with as hard as our guys are fighting, to not be on the free-throw line with a chance to go ahead with 6 seconds left in the game. ... I've never been one to make it about the officials, so I don't want to wallow in this too much, but it's a fact: Two nights in a row, missed calls have really hurt us, and we're really disappointed by it." 
 -- Dallas coach  Rick Carlisle 
 
 
 HOT:  Making a second consecutive start in place of Curry, Jack shone in the fourth quarter, nailing all five free throws and providing eight of Golden State's 20 points in the period. 
 
 NOT:  Carter, though he finished with 22 points, went 1-for-6 in the final quarter, part of a 6-for-18 night. 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Moving back to power forward with Nowitzki unavailable,  Shawn Marion  collected a season-high 17 rebounds and went 8-for-11 from the floor to score 18 points. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  The Mavericks drew up a stellar play to finish the first half, having the 36-year-old Carter pull up in the right-hand corner, acting as though he was too hurt to partake in the play. Too hurt, that is, until he snuck down the baseline, took a pass from  Elton Brand  and exploded for a stanchion-rattling, two-handed dunk with 0.5 seconds remaining. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:   Harrison Barnes  was one of only two Warriors to play the entire fourth quarter, and finished with 12 points, four rebounds and five assists. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Nowitzki said he strained his thigh late in the Mavericks' loss Tuesday. He tested the leg before the game but pulled himself out when he couldn't go side to side or make hard cuts effectively. Nowitzki doubted he'd be available Friday when Dallas faces Phoenix, but said he doesn't think the injury is related to his knee surgery, which held him out until Dec. 23. "It's just Father Time, bro," Nowitzki said. "Stuff happens. I never pulled a muscle in my whole career. There's always a first one." . . . The capacity crowd of 19,596 represented the Warriors' 12th consecutive sellout at Oracle Arena. That's ties the club's longest such streak since the stadium was renovated in 1995-96. . . . Lee became the sixth youngest active player to reach 8,000 points and 5,000 rebounds for his NBA career. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Mavericks, Friday @ Phoenix, Monday @ Oklahoma City, Wednesday vs. Portland. For the Warriors, Saturday vs. Phoenix, Tuesday @ Houston, Wednesday @ Oklahoma City. 
