Notebook: Hawks 114, Lakers 100 
 
 
 Matt Winkeljohn, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Dec 17, 2013 12:25 AM - Updated Tue Dec 17, 2013 12:25 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Hawks rallied past a nine-point third-quarter deficit in little time when they blitzed the visiting Lakers with a 21-4 run that included  Kyle Korver  scoring eight of his 11 points and  Al Horford  scoring six of his 19. 
 
 THE LEAD:  The Lakers were in control until they completely stopped playing defense and hitting the defensive glass in the third quarter in a game where Horford was the most consistent player with 19 points and 11 rebounds in a 114-100 Hawks win. 
 Atlanta (13-12) outscored the Lakers 35-19 in the third quarter, when they grabbed seven of their 12 offensive rebounds (to L.A.'s one) and made four of their 11 3-point shots. The fourth quarter was nearly as good for the Hawks, when they scored 32 more points and the Lakers (11-13) never seriously challenged. 
 Every Atlanta starter scored at least 13 points, and  Kobe Bryant  scored just eight points for the Lakers, who were led by  Jordan Hill's  21 points (on 8-for-8 shooting) and nine rebounds. 
 The Lakers can't win often when they don't hit from afar, and they made just 5-for-21 3-point shots as Bryant missed all five of his long distance tries to fall to 2-for-15 since returning from his torn Achilles tendon injury five games ago. 
 Given that the Lakers remain without injured point guards  Steve Nash, Steve Blake  and  Jordan Farmar , the Hawks made it rough on L.A. defensively in the second half by pressuring Bryant -- or whoever handled the ball for the Lakers -- incessantly. 
 Add the fact that L.A. had just two fast-break points, and the lack of easy points combined with giving up easy points by way of uncontested or semi-contested 3-point shots led to disaster for the visitors. 
 Hawks points guard  Jeff Teague  added a double-double to Horford's with 17 points and 10 assists, and forward  Paul Millsap  just missed with 18 points and nine rebounds. 
 The Hawks pick-and-rolled the Lakers to great success, and when the Lakers collapsed defensively to help inside, the home team kept kicking it out to success. The Hawks shot 11-for-27 on 3-pointers, with Korver making three, Teague and Millsap two each, and four other players with one each. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We picked up full court, and we got after it. Guys really wanted this win. We had a letdown in the New York game [a 111-106 loss in Madison Square Garden on Saturday]. Guys just wanted to bounce back and play well, and we did that." --  Teague 
 
 
 THE STAT:  7-1 -- The Hawks' advantage in offensive rebounding in the third quarter, where they outscored the Lakers 35-19 and outrebounded L.A. 16-7 in the period. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  After the Lakers pushed their lead to 58-49 on a Hill putback with 9:56 left in the third quarter, the game changed for good over the next five minutes. Atlanta went on a 21-4 run as the L.A. defense completely lost track of Hawks shooters. 
 Atlanta hit three straight shots, and then grabbed three straight offensive rebounds on their fourth possession and scored when Korver hit a trey. Atlanta scored at least one point on seven consecutive possessions. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We struggled tonight [on offense]. At one point the ball just stopped. It would go to won side and would stay on that side. We did not compete in the second half the way the [Hawks] did." --  L.A. coach  Mike D'Antoni 
 
 
 HOT: Pau Gasol  hit all five of his shots in the first quarter, scoring 10 of his 16 points. He was 2-for-4 the rest of the game. . . . Millsap (10 points), Horford (10) and Korver (11) killed the Lakers in the third quarter on a combined 12-for-20 shooting with three more free throws. . . .  Nick Young  scored 23 off the bench for the Lakers and shot 5-for-7 from beyond the arc. 
 
 NOT : Bryant missed eight of nine shots over the final three quarters to finish 4-for-14. . . .  Jodie Meeks ' return to his hometown did not go well. He shot 1-for-8 and scored just two points. 
 I N THE ARENA:  Hip-hop artist  2 Chainz (Tauheed Epps)  of nearby College Park, was in the house. 
 
 NOTABLE : Point guards Nash (nerve root irritation), Blake (torn ulnar collateral ligament) and Farmar (left hamstring tear) remained out for the Lakers. . . . Reserve big man  Gustavo Ayon  (left ankle spring, left leg contusion) was out for the Hawks. . . . Atlanta recalled guard  Dennis Schroder  from Bakersfield of the D-League. The team also assigned guard  Jared Cunningham  to the Jam. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Tuesday @ Memphis, Friday vs. Minnesota, Saturday @ Golden State. For the Hawks, Wednesday vs. Sacramento, Friday vs. Utah, Monday @ Miami. 
