  Notebook: Lakers 99, Warriors 87 Posted Thursday April 19, 2012 1:47AM By Geoff Lepper, for NBA.com THE FACTS:   Pau Gasol  notched his fifth career triple-double and  Andrew Bynum  poured home a game-high 31 points Wednesday as the Los Angeles Lakers dominated the undersized and outmanned Golden State Warriors 99-87. Gasol had 22 points, 11 rebounds and 11 assists as Los Angeles (40-23) won for the fifth time in the last seven games without  Kobe Bryant , who told ESPN during its broadcast that he plans to return from his left shin injury Friday against San Antonio. Bynum shot 12-for-14 from the floor and hit all seven of his free throws to help the Lakers stay a half-game ahead of the Clippers (39-23) in their race for the Pacific Division crown and No. 3 seed in the Western Conference playoffs. Klay Thompson  had 17 points on 7-for-22 shooting to lead the Warriors (22-39), who lost their sixth straight and for the 18th time in their last 22 games. QUOTABLE:  "I can't say enough about Pau. He may impact the game in a lot of different ways. Sometimes it's scoring, sometimes it's rebounding and sometimes it's finding his teammates for easy baskets. For him to come up with a triple-double at 7-foot-1 this way (with assists instead of blocks), that's remarkable."   -- Lakers coach  Mike Brown THE STAT:  Los Angeles outshot the Warriors 28-10 from the free-throw line, accelerating a spiraling trend for Golden State. The Warriors were already the worst team in the league in terms of free-throw differential, coming into Wednesday averaging 7.33 fewer foul shots per game than their opponents. But things have gotten significantly worse since  David Lee , the Warriors' leader in free-throw attempts at 280, was shut down for the year with a groin injury. In those three Lee-less games, Golden State has been outshot at the line by a combined 101-48 count. TURNING POINT:  Warriors coach  Mark Jackson  used two of his three available big men in the starting lineup, sending rookies  Jeremy Tyler  and  Mickell Gladness  out to do battle with Andrew Bynum and Pau Gasol. The result? Bynum had 17 points in the first quarter, Gasol added another six and Golden State never found an answer for either. HOT:  On his last trip to Oracle Arena three weeks ago, Andrew Bynum drew the ire of coach Mike Brown for firing up a 3-pointer with nearly a full 24 seconds remaining on the shot clock. Wednesday, he stayed firmly planted in the paint, spurring the Lakers to a 62-42 advantage in terms of points in the paint. HOTTER:  When Bynum wasn't busy shredding the Warriors in the lane, Gasol was lurking at the high post. Los Angeles handed him the keys in the third quarter, and he responded with eight points, four assists and three boards as the Lakers lead ballooned to as many as 21 points in the period. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:   Metta World Peace  continued his April surge, dropping 18 points for his fifth consecutive game in double figures and dishing out a season-high nine assists for the Lakers, who had help on all but three of their 37 baskets. NOTABLE:  The Lakers have won 25 of their last 28 games against Golden State and swept the Warriors for the third time in four seasons. . . . This was Gasol's first triple-double since Nov. 7, 2010, when he had 20 points, 14 rebounds and 10 assists against Portland. . . .  Charles Jenkins  had 11 assists for the Warriors. . . . Golden State started four rookies for the second consecutive game, the first team to do so since Denver in March 2003. . . . Warriors guard  Nate Robinson  missed the game after aggravating a previous right hamstring injury. . . . Despite the Warriors' skid, Jackson said he "laughed" at the sight of pundits on ESPN's "Around the Horn" discussing the idea Golden State is tanking in order to preserve their first-round pick in this year's draft, which must be conveyed to Utah if it is No. 8 or worse. The Warriors have shut down their three best players -- David Lee,  Stephen Curry  and  Andrew Bogut  -- for the year. "We have legitimate guys out, for legitimate reasons that can't be questioned," Jackson said. "We're pretty much stuck with where we are." UP NEXT:  For the Warriors, Friday @ Dallas, Saturday @ Houston, Sunday @ Minnesota. For the Lakers, Friday @ San Antonio, Sunday vs. Oklahoma City, Thursday @ Sacramento.  