Notebook: Timberwolves 120, Wizards 98 
 
 
 Jim Beilby, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Dec 28, 2013 12:08 AM - Updated Sat Dec 28, 2013 12:08 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  Minnesota turned over the ball a season low five times and got some much needed scoring from their bench. 
 
 THE LEAD:  The Minnesota Timberwolves (14-15) started slow but finished strong as they defeated the Washington Wizards 120-98 on Friday night.   J.J. Barea  and  Alexey Shved  bolstered a usually quiet Minnesota bench with 17 and 13 points respectively and Minnesota's usually dominant frontcourt did what they usually do.  
 
 Kevin Love  got 25 points and 11 rebounds and  Nikola Pekovic  got 18 points and 10 rebounds (six of which were on the offensive glass) as Minnesota outscored Washington in the paint 48-34.   Ricky Rubio  also flirted with his second career triple double, with 11 points, nine assists, and eight rebounds. 
 
 John Wall  scored 26 for the Wizards (12-14), but only four in the second half. 
 The other half of the Wizards's dynamic back court,  Bradley Beal , also had a solid game in the works.  But he left the game with 4:25 to play in the game after an awkward collision with  Luc Mbah a Moute .  He could not put any pressure on his left leg and had to be carried off the court by his teammates. 
 
 QUOTABLE : "It was a real solid win for us.  Right on through. We wanted to keep them out of the break and we kept them in the half court most of the time.  We had only four turnovers, which was huge. And our bench really stepped up for us in the second and fourth quarter." --  Minnesota coach  Rick Adelman 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Minnesota built sizeable advantages in free throws attempted (38-17), rebounds (55-45), steals (10-3), and turnovers (5-13). 
 
 TURNING POINT : After shooting only 28.0% from the floor in the first quarter, Minnesota shot 60.8 percent in the second quarter, scoring a season high 39 second quarter points, and taking a 14 point lead that they would never relinquish.  Washington twice cut Minnesota's lead to 12 in the second half, but they could not get the score differential to single digits. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We made shots early in the game. We got comfortable. Defensively, it was as bad as we have played since the start of the year.  None of our concepts on how we wanted to play the game.  It was bad. ... We didn't even attempt to play defense.  They attacked the basket and that's why they had 38 free throws (attempted).  They were the more aggressive team." --  Washington coach  Randy Wittman 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  The home team has won the last eight games between Minnesota and Washington .. After playing the third most difficult schedule so far, Minnesota plays six of the next eight at home and faces five teams that are currently under .500 .. Beal will have an MRI on his injured left knee tomorrow .. Washington was making a bid for their fourth road win in a row, a feat they have not accomplished since March 2008. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Wolves, Saturday @ Milwaukee, Monday vs. Dallas, Wednesday vs. New Orleans.  For the Wizards, Saturday vs. Detroit, Monday @ Detroit, Wednesday vs. Dallas. 
