Notebook: Wizards 114, Heat 97 
 
 
 Rich Dubroff, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Jan 15, 2014 10:45 PM - Updated Wed Jan 15, 2014 10:47 PM 
 
 THE FACT:   The Miami Heat have lost three straight for the first time since January 10-13, 2012. 
 
 THE LEAD:   John Wall  had 25 points,  Nene  and  Bradley Beal  each had 19 to lead seven Washington Wizards in double figures in a 114-97 win over the Heat. 
 Washington went on a 20-0 run to take a 36-12 lead late in the first quarter. The Wizards increased their lead to 34 in the second quarter. Miami rallied, but could get no closer than nine points. 
 
 Chris Bosh  led the Heat with 26.  LeBron James  had 25 points, eight rebounds and seven assists. Miami played in a funk after veteran  Joel Anthony  was traded to Boston in a three-way swap earlier in the day. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "It looks like we're mentally fatigued when we hit the floor." --  James on the Heat's struggles. 
 
 
 THE STAT:   Miami lost for the first time to a Southeast division opponent since December 10, 2012. They had won 22 straight. 
 
 TURNING POINT:   Once the Heat cut the lead to nine, Washington turned it on, and put Miami away. "I think we really took a toll on them," Wizards forward  Martell Webster  said. "In the fourth quarter, they didn't have anything left. Then we pulled away." 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "You have to own it. You can't just slide this one under the rug." -- Heat head coach  Erik Spoelstra  on his team's performance. 
 
 HOT:   Wall was 7-for-14 from the field and made all eight of his free throws. 
 
 NOT:   Ray Allen  was scoreless, missing all of his five shots in 25 minutes. In his last six games, Allen is just 7-for-41 from the field. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:   The Wizards were able to concentrate on beating the two-time NBA champs while the Heat went to the White House on Tuesday.   
 "They came here, whatever. They went to the White House, whatever. We just came here to play," Nene said. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  James lost his voice during the game. In his post-game interview his voice was scratchy and said that he lost it during the second or third quarter. 
 
 NOTABLE:  In his first game since Dec. 5, 2009,  Greg Oden  scored six points in eight minutes. He said his knees felt good, and his first thought after he scored on a dunk in the second quarter was: "It was a feeling of get back on defense," Oden said. 
 
 IN THE ARENA:   The Verizon Center was sold out for the first time this season. The crowd had, naturally, lots of Heat fans. The in-house television feed made fun of the opponent's fans by pointing them out on "The Bandwagon Cam." 
 
 UP NEXT:   For the Heat: Friday @ Philadelphia, Saturday @ Charlotte, Monday @ Atlanta. For the Wizards: Friday vs. Chicago, Saturday vs. Detroit, Monday vs. Philadelphia 
