  Notebook: Hornets 105, Rockets 99 Posted Thursday April 19, 2012 11:45PM By Larry Holder, for NBA.com THE FACTS:   Eric Gordon  scored a game-high 27 points as the New Orleans Hornets defeated the Houston Rockets 105-99 on Thursday night in the New Orleans Arena. The Rockets have now lost six consecutive games and are free falling out of the Western Conference playoff picture. Houston's loss put the team one game behind Utah for the eighth and final playoff spot. QUOTABLE:  "We're just trying to play the game. We knew they were still trying to make the playoffs, but the best team won tonight. They're still a really good team. Hopefully they make the playoffs, but we;re just trying to get better."   -- Eric Gordon on the win THE STAT:  The Rockets led by as many as 13 points in the second quarter and figured they were sitting pretty. Then Houston only scored 13 points in the third quarter to let the Hornets, who came into Thursday night's game with the third worst record in the NBA, back into the game. The breakdown may cost the Rockets a playoff spot. TURNING POINT:  Hornets forward  Carl Landry  did the dirty work underneath the basket in overtime. His layup with 2:57 remaining in the extra session tied the game at 89. Then the Rockets'  Patrick Patterson  took a quick shot on the next possession. Landry then cemented the win with another layup while being fouled off a nice pass from  Gustavo Ayon . Landry nailed the free throw as well and the Hornets never looked back. Landry ended with 20 points and 10 rebounds as he may have played his final home game with the Hornets as he will be an unrestricted free agent in the offseason. HOT:  Hornets forward  Al-Farouq Aminu  has had his fair share of down moments this season. But he has displayed steady improvement as the season has progressed. He scored a season-high 17 points along with eight rebounds, two assists, two steals and no turnovers. NOT:  Rockets forward  Chandler Parsons  was nowhere to be found. The starter went 1 of 9 from the floor for only three points. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Rockets guard  Goran Dragic  continues to displayed why he'll likely be a hot commodity come free agency in the offseason. He scored a team-high 23 points and added eight assists, five rebounds and one steal. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Plenty of actors were in the New Orleans Arena on Thursday for the Hornets' home season finale:  Samuel L. Jackson ,  Christoph Waltz ,  Danny McBride ,  Craig Robinson . NOTABLE:  The Hornets are 4-1 since Saints owner  Tom Benson  bought the franchise. ... Hornets forward  Jason Smith  busted his nose with less than three minutes left in the game after being knocked in the face by Patterson on a made layup. Smith didn't return to the game, but he did remain on the bench. ... Rockets center  Marcus Camby  started for the second consecutive game and his injured wrist and back didn't appear to bother him as he scored 14 points on a 7-for-10 performance from the floor. ... Rockets guard  Kevin Martin  missed his 11th straight game with a shoulder injury. Houston coach  Kevin McHale  was hopeful Martin could have returned Thursday night. It's pretty apparent Houston could use Martin considering its string of losses down the stretch. ... Hornets forward  Trevor Ariza  hasn't left the bench during the last seven games as New Orleans coach Monty Williams said he isn't playing Ariza because he wants to see his younger players see more playing time. Ariza isn't injured. UP NEXT:  For the Rockets, Saturday vs. Golden State, Sunday @ Miami, Thursday vs. New Orleans. For the Hornets, Sunday @ L.A. Clippers, Tuesday @ Golden State, Thursday @ Houston.  