Notebook: Rockets 122, Nuggets 111 
 
 
 Matt Miller for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Nov 17, 2013 12:10 AM - Updated Sun Nov 17, 2013 12:10 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Houston Rockets finally put a halt to Denver's dominance in their head-to-head series, snapping a seven-game losing streak to the Nuggets with a 122-111 win Saturday at Toyota Center.  
 
 THE LEAD:  The Rockets had been waiting all season for a complete performance like tonight's wire-to-wire victory over Denver. 
 
 Dwight Howard  led Houston (7-4), which has won three of its last four games, with 25 points and seven boards thanks in large part to a 17-for-24 effort at the free-throw line.  Chandler Parsons  added 20 points on 8-for-13 shooting and six rebounds.  Terrence Jones  matched his career highs in scoring and rebounding with 14 points and 12 rebounds, to go with three rejections.  
 
 Ty Lawson  paced Denver (4-5), which also had a three-game win streak overall snapped, with a double-double of 28 points and a career-best 17 assists.  Wilson Chandler  came on strong in the fourth quarter to finish with 14 points, and  J.J. Hickson  chipped in with 14 points and eight boards. 
 
 QUOTABLE : "I felt today we really hung our hats on defense and moving the ball and playing unselfish. ... It's contagious once the ball is zipping around and finding guys. We ended up with so many good shots today. Whatever the percentage we shot, I don't really know and I don't really care." 
 -- Rockets guard  Jeremy Lin  on the rhythm his team found 
 
 THE STAT : Houston received contributions from practically every player who took the court Saturday, as seven different Rockets scored in double-figures, seven different players pulled down at least three boards and seven different Rockets blocked a shot. 
 
 TURNING POINT : Houston worked over the Nuggets in the opening minutes and never surrendered the lead, jumping out to a 10-2 advantage behind eight early points from Parsons. His attacking mentality quickly spread to his teammates, and the Rockets pushed their lead to as many as 23 behind quick decision-making and a barrage of shots near the rim. The Nuggets showed a bit of fight when they opened the second half on a 13-3 run to cut Houston's lead to 66-59, but the Rockets regained control of the battle with three consecutive defensive stops and transition buckets that stretched their lead to 73-59. Denver hung around long enough to force Houston's starters to remain on the floor for most of the fourth quarter, but the Rockets' advantage was never in serious jeopardy after that 7-0 third-period spurt. 
 
 QUOTABLE II : "That [third-quarter run] was huge, because the last couple of games [the opponents] cut it to seven, then they cut it to three, then it's a tie game. Instead of letting them do that again, we kept extending the lead, we got some big stops and we kept going in transition." 
 -- Chandler Parsons on the third-quarter surge. 
 
 HOT:  Parsons has poured in at least 18 points in five consecutive games and at least 20 points four times in his last five outings, averaging 21.0 points on 40-for-74 (54.1 percent) shooting, 5.4 rebounds and 4.0 assists during this span. The third-year wing is still battling back spasms and has played the most minutes in the NBA season, which only makes his stellar run of late more impressive. 
 
 NOT : Denver guard  Randy Foye  could not bust out of his latest shooting slump, finishing 2-for-12 from the floor. Foye has hardly fit the bill at the shooting-guard position over his last five games, a stretch in which the eighth-year veteran has nailed only 23.1 percent (12-for-52) of his field-goal attempts.  
 
 GOOD MOVE:  With the Nuggets playing on the second night of a back-to-back, the Rockets were ready to take full advantage of Denver's sluggish disposition at the beginning of the game. Houston carved up the weary Nuggets with aggressive drives toward the rim and solid floor spacing, netting 18 of its first 21 points in the paint as it built an early double-digit advantage.  
 
 QUOTABLE III : "It was all about the defense. We knew this team could score a lot of points. We talked about the fact that our defense needed to be on point tonight, and it wasn't." 
 -- Denver coach  Brian Shaw  
 
 
 BAD MOVE : Howard was saddled with foul trouble at times and came up on the short end of his individual matchup with the undersized Hickson, free throws notwithstanding. Howard has attempted only 11 shots over his last two games, and his lack of assertiveness is placing more pressure on his teammates to create inside-out offense through dribble penetration. To Howard's credit, though, he delivered at the free-throw line by connecting on 17 of his 24 attempts (70.8 percent). 
 
 QUOTABLE IV : "If he goes 17-for-24, I promise I won't take him out [late in the game]." 
 -- Rockets coach  Kevin McHale  on playing Howard down the stretch 
 
 NOTABLE : Houston reserve big man  Greg Smith  (sprained right knee), who sat out Saturday's game after injuring himself on an awkward landing during Thursday's win over the Knicks, is expected to miss seven to 10 days. ... Lawson's 17 assists tied the opponent Toyota Center record set by  Deron Williams , who dropped 17 dimes as a member of the Nets on Feb. 26, 2011. ... Lawson has averaged 21.9 points and 8.1 dimes in his last seven meetings with the Rockets. ... Houston's  Donatas Motiejunas  received his first significant playing time of the season and made quite an impression, finishing with 12 points on 5-for-6 shooting and three rebounds in 16-plus minutes. ... The Nuggets have reached 100 points in six straight games. ... ... Houston improved to 7-1 this season when it grabs more rebounds than its opponent. ... Former Rockets center  Yao Ming  is in town and watched Saturday's contest from a courtside seat. 
 
 UP NEXT : For the Nuggets: Monday @ Oklahoma City, Thursday vs. Chicago, Saturday vs. Dallas. For the Rockets: Tuesday vs. Boston, Wednesday @ Dallas, Saturday vs. Minnesota.  
