  Notebook: Grizzlies 96, Hawks 77   By Matt Winkeljohn, for NBA.com Posted Thursday February 2, 2012 10:44PM THE FACTS:  Atlanta coach  Larry Drew  warned his team about complacency before the Hawks played the Grizzlies Thursday night. It didn't take. Memphis not only beat Atlanta for the first time in six meetings but smoked the home team 96-77 as Rudy  Gay  scored 21 points and  Tony Allen  and  O.J. Mayo  added 18 each for the visitors. The Hawks (16-7) looked anything but fresh off a 4-1 road trip while the Grizzlies steadily pulled away from a two-point lead after one quarter in Philips Arena to build a 79-55 bulge after three. Memphis (12-10) lost four straight before beating Denver Tuesday and then spanking the Hawks. Josh Smith  led Atlanta with 11 points.  Joe Johnson  and reserve  Ivan Johnson  were the only other Hawks in double figures with 10 each. QUOTABLE:  "We put  Dante Cunningham  on Josh Smith, and that took away the run-outs, and then we started executing. Our defense just took over after that."   -- Memphis coach  Lionel Hollins . THE STATS:  Through three quarters, Memphis outscored Atlanta 50-26 in the paint, and 21-10 in fastbreak points. By then, with the score 79-55, the game was over -- even though the Grizzlies to that point made just one three-point shot.. Drew did not play any of his starters in the fourth quarter. ANOTHER STAT:  Memphis is 9-1 when Gay scores at least 20 points, and 3-9 otherwise. AND ANOTHER:  The Hawks are 13-0 against teams that are .500 or better; 3-7 otherwise. TURNING POINT:  Atlanta trailed by just two points at the end of the first quarter, but the Hawks' template for passivity was set in that period as the Grizzlies attacked the paint for 16 points on the way to a 21-19 lead. At the other end of the floor, the Hawks did not grab a single offensive rebound in the quarter. They had six on the night although Memphis missed 44 shots. HOT:   Marc Gasol  grabbed 10 rebounds to mark his fifth straight game in double digits. He's averaged 11.8 over that span and 10.6 for the season. ... Mayo made 1-of-2 three-point shots, and is making a career-high 42.1 percent from beyond the arc (32-for-76). ... Cunningham grabbed a game- and season-high 12 rebounds. NOT:  Smith scored 11 points on the heels of scoring 6 and 7 in Atlanta's previous two games. He's still averaging 15.2 for the season. ... After going 1-for-4, Hawks guard  Kirk Hinrich  has made just 5-of-20 shots over the past four games. GOOD MOVE:  Drew did not play any starters in the fourth quarter. ROOKIE WATCH:  Atlanta's Ivan Johnson led his team with nine rebounds. NOTABLE:  Atlanta reserve center  Jason Collins  injured his left elbow in the first quarter and did not return, leaving the  Al Horford -less Hawks with nobody to truly match Gasol's size. ... With three thefts, Gay became the Grizzlies' all-time franchise leader in steals. He now has 525, passing the mark of  Shane Battier  (523). It took Battier 419 games to hit his mark. Thursday's game was Gay's 394th for Memphis. ... According to The Atlanta Journal-Constitution, the Hawks have inquired about the availability of former Nuggets power forward  Kenyon Martin . He will finish an obligation in China soon. ...  Jannero Pargo 's younger brother,  Jeremy Pargo , entered the game in the fourth quarter and defended his older sibling with vigor as Jannero appeared to dribble out the clock. The Chicago-born brothers hugged for several seconds at the final horn. Jeremy is new to the NBA this season after playing in Israel for two seasons. ... Rookie  Josh Selby  of the Grizzlies went scoreless in the final 4:17, but he had a very good chance to score. Instead, after stealing a Jannero Pargo pass in the final, he was slack in what appeared to be a breakaway situation and Atlanta reserve  Willie Green  caught up and blocked his dunk attempt. That elicited one of the very few cheers from Atlanta fans after the first quarter. Ivan Johnson blocked  Quincy Pondexter  at point-blank range just moments later. The energy Green and Johnson displayed in that sequence might have equaled all of Atlanta's starters combined. UP NEXT:  For the Grizzlies, Friday @ Thunder, Sunday @ Celtics, Monday vs. Spurs. For the Hawks, Saturday vs. 76ers, Monday vs. Suns, Wednesday vs. Pacers.  