Notebook: Thunder 111, Spurs 105 
 
 
 Tim Price, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Thu Jan 23, 2014 12:26 AM - Updated Thu Jan 23, 2014 12:26 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  Oklahoma City has defeated two of the top three teams in the Western Conference on consecutive nights and now has the top record in the West after winning in San Antonio. 
 
 THE LEAD: Kevin Durant  keeps rolling, as his 36 points at AT&T Center pushed the Thunder past the Spurs 111-105 Wednesday night. The league leader in scoring (30.9 points per game), Durant has scored 82 points the past two nights. 
 
 Reggie Jackson  added 27 points for OKC (33-10), and he combined with Durant to shoot 24-for-39 from the floor, 5-for-7 on 3-pointers, as the Thunder showed a .542 field-goal percentage for the night. 
 The Spurs (32-10) struggled to defend Durant, not to mention Jackson, without their best defender.  Kawhi Leonard  left the game in the second quarter with a fractured finger in his right hand, and effective defenders  Danny Green  and  Tiago Splitter  already were missing because of injury.  Tony Parker  led all scorers with 37 points, and  Tim Duncan  added 14 and 13 rebounds.  
 
 THE STAT:  Per Elias, Durant is now one of five NBA players in history to 30 or more points and four or more assists in nine straight games. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "This is not an easy back-to-back, playing two of the best teams in the West. Give our guys a lot of credit. They come to play every night."  
 -- Thunder coach  Scott Brooks 
 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Spurs trailed by four points with two minutes to go when Durant hit a 3-pointer.  Serge Ibaka  got a steal from Duncan and followed with a fastbreak dunk off a feed from Jackson. Durant hit another 3, and the Thunder led 108-98 with just more than a minute remaining. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We're dropping like flies now. Losing Kawhi in a game like tonight, but other guys stepped up. Durant hit some big 3s down the stretch, and it just got away from us."  
 --San Antonio's Tim Duncan 
 
 
 HOT:  Jackson went 12-for-17, including 6-for-8 for 13 points in the fourth quarter. He is 30-for-45 (67 percent) against the Spurs this season, averaging 23.7 points in three games vs. San Antonio. 
 
 NOT: Manu Ginobili  had entered the game having made 6-for-10 from the 3-point line over his previous three games. But having to guard Durant as much as he did on Wednesday could have taken something from his game on the offensive end of the floor. Ginobili was 2-for-7 on 3s. 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Durant now has scored 30 or more points in nine consecutive games.  Kobe Bryant 's run of 16-straight games in 2003 is the longest in NBA history. 
 
 GOOD MOVE: Jeremy Lamb  was able to take some of the offensive pressure off Durant and Jackson in the fourth quarter with his shooting (he was 2-for-3) and his passing, once defenders came out to pressure the shot (he had four of the Thunder's five assists in the quarter). 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Is there any really good way of guarding Durant these days? Particularly, how can he be guarded when two of a team's best defenders are out because of injury? With Leonard and Green out, the Spurs shifted Ginobili,  Cory Joseph, Marco Belinelli  and others on Durant much of the time. And with 2:06 to go, the Spurs pulled rangy and big-man defender  Boris Diaw  out of the lineup and gave Parker another go at guarding Durant. But Durant quickly knocked down a 3-pointer over Parker and gave Oklahoma City a 103-96 lead with 1:59 remaining. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH: Steven Adams  played 14 minutes and had one point. But his seven rebounds, including four on offensive, helped the Thunder to a 38-30 edge in rebounding. 
 
 NOTABLE:  The Thunder are 12-6 without Westbrook, 21-4 with him. ...  OKC has won all three games in the season series, and the teams play their final game of four this season on April 3 in Oklahoma City. ...  Matt Bonner  (six minutes, 0-for-2 from the floor) played while wearing a protective mask for his broken nose; he had missed the Spurs' home win over Milwaukee on Sunday. ... Spurs coach  Gregg Popovich  was called for a technical foul by referee  Courtney Kirkland  for arguing a call when he though Durant had pushed off on Ginobili in the first half; it's Popovich's third technical foul in the last week. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Thunder, Friday @ Boston, Saturday @ Philadelphia, Monday vs. Atlanta. For the Spurs, Friday @ Atlanta, Sunday @ Miami, Tuesday @ Houston. 
