Notebook: Rockets 114, Nets 95 
 
 
 Matt Miller, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Nov 29, 2013 11:26 PM - Updated Fri Nov 29, 2013 11:26 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Houston Rockets' 14-game winning streak against the Brooklyn Nets is their longest in franchise history against a single opponent. Houston has not lost to the Nets since March 13, 2006.  
 
 THE LEAD:  The Rockets recorded their fifth consecutive wire-to-wire victory at Toyota Center, trouncing an injury-riddled and uninspired Brooklyn squad 114-95 on Friday.  
 
 Chandler Parsons  led Houston (12-5), winners of four straight overall and six in a row at home, with 21 points on a perfect 7-for-7 shooting effort.  Aaron Brooks  added 14 points, seven assists and three steals off the bench, while  Dwight Howard  contributed 12 points, seven rebounds and two assists in less than 18 minutes of action.  
 
 Mirza Teletovic  scored 18 points and grabbed 13 boards to pace the Nets (4-12), who trailed by as many as 32 en route to their 10th defeat in their last 12 games.  Tyshawn Taylor  chipped in a double-double of 16 points and 12 dimes. Center  Brook Lopez  (sprained left ankle) delivered a solid performance in his first appearance since missing seven games with a sprained left ankle, tallying 16 points on 5-for-9 shooting to go with a pair of blocks.  
 
 QUOTABLE : "A lot of guys are frustrated. A lot of guys are embarrassed. I don't know. It's tough." --  Brooklyn's  Andray Blatche. 
 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We're in this together, and we're only going to get out of this together. ... Our last two games, teams have gotten what they wanted." --  Lopez . 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Rockets, who have shot 55.6 percent (50-for-90) from 3-point range over their last three home games, have nailed at least 12 attempts from behind the arc in four of their last five games. Houston shot a scorching 19-for-32 (59.4 percent) from downtown Friday, surpassing its previous season high of 17 3-pointers.  
 
 TURNING POINT : The Rockets raced out to another early advantage and never looked back.  Terrence Jones  got the ball rolling by netting Houston's first six points. The Rockets began to distance themselves from the Nets soon after with a 13-0 run that extended a 12-8 lead to 25-8. Brooklyn buried itself with a 4-for-18 start from the field, settling for 16 consecutive jump shots to begin the game.   
 
 HOT : Parsons continued his recent stretch of torrid shooting, as the third-year forward drilled all seven of his shot attempts. In his last eight outings, Parsons has connected on 63.9 percent (53-for-83) of his field-goal attempts and netted at least 20 points on four occasions. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "It's just one of those feelings where you get going. I was actually surprised I missed a free throw, but it kind of worked out." --  Parsons . 
 
 
 NOT:  Nets forward  Paul Pierce  is on the opposite end of the spectrum from Parsons. The 16-year veteran, who entered Friday's contest shooting 37.6 percent for the season, finished 1-for-6. Teammates Blatche and  Joe Johnson  did not fare any better against Houston, combining to misfire on 14 of 16 attempts from the floor before the pair was benched for the entire second half.  
 
 GOOD MOVE : The Rockets have spread the wealth well lately and taken full advantage of their explosive offensive arsenal, even with several pieces of their rotation sidelined at various points. Houston has hit at least 49 percent of its field-goal attempts in six consecutive contests while dishing out at least 25 assists in five of those games.  
 
 QUOTABLE IV:  "We're just playing good team basketball. We're playing inside-out, so if we keep hitting 3s, it's going to open up Dwight to do his thing. That's the way this team was built." --  Brooks .   
 
 
 BAD MOVE:  The Nets are not playing with the urgency of a team that has come nowhere close to meeting the high expectations people had for the club during the preseason. Brooklyn's lackadaisical disposition was summed up quite well during a two-possession sequence in the second period, as Harden threw a lob to Jones behind aloof defenders before out-hustling the opposition for a loose ball that eventually led to a Parsons trey.  
 
 NOTABLE:  The Nets again played without  Deron Williams  (sprained left ankle),  Jason Terry  (bruised left knee) and  Andrei Kirilenko  (back spasms). Williams did not travel with the team on its two-game road trip and will be re-evaluated Monday, while Kirilenko and Terry are expected to sit out for at least another week. ... Nets coach  Jason Kidd  benched four of his five starters to begin the second half, as Lopez was joined on the floor by reserves  Alan Anderson ,  Tornike Shengelia , Taylor and Teletovic. "I have to go with the guys who are going to play hard," Kidd said. "We have to figure out what the problem is with the starting group. ... I went with the group that had some energy, and I was going to stick with that group as long as I could." ... The Rockets announced Friday that  Jeremy Lin  will be sidelined for approximately two weeks after suffering a grade-1 right knee sprain and contusion when he collided with the Hawks'  Paul Millsap  during Wednesday's win. Lin had appeared in 98 straight games, which was the longest active streak on his squad. ... Houston's last five home victories have come by an average of 18.8 points. ... Parsons' six treys left him one shy of Brooks' franchise record for 3-point attempts in a game without a miss. ... Brooks has knocked down 72.2 percent (13-for-18) of his attempts from long range over his last three outings at Toyota Center. ... Houston has reached 30 points in the opening period of six of its last nine games. ... The Rockets' 11 wins in November is the team's most since Houston went 15-1 in Nov. 1996. ... Brooklyn fell to 2-9 this season when trailing after one quarter.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Nets: Saturday @ Memphis, Tuesday vs. Denver, Thursday vs. New York. For the Rockets: Saturday @ San Antonio, Monday @ Utah, Wednesday vs. Phoenix. 
