  Timberwolves-Rockets Notebook   By Matt Miller, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday February 9, 2011 12:16AM THE FACTS: Kevin Love  got the double-double he needed, and the short-handed Minnesota Timberwolves earned the road win they wanted. Love scored 20 points and grabbed 14 rebounds, setting the Wolves' franchise record for most consecutive doubles at 38, to lead Minnesota (13-39) to a 112-108 victory over Houston on Tuesday at Toyota Center. Love's double-double streak stands as the longest in the NBA since  Moses Malone  posted 44 straight double-doubles as a member of the Philadelphia 76ers during the 1982-83 season. The Wolves shot 51.1 percent from the field and 44.4 percent from behind the arc as it snapped a 13-game losing streak to the Rockets (25-29), who received 23 points each from guards  Kevin Martin  and  Courtney Lee . QUOTABLE:  "It was more sweet than anything because we got a win, and we got it on the road. ... I was in great company with players like Kevin Garnett, the most storied guy in the franchise. I didn't know [the record] stood for so long until they told me the past couple of days."  -  Love on passing  Kevin Garnett  for the most consecutive double-doubles in franchise history THE STAT:  Minnesota's 51-31 edge on the boards (15-9 offensive) in Tuesday's game helped propel the Wolves to their first consecutive road victories since April 2009. Minnesota had dropped 60 of its last 68 road games prior to Tuesday. TURNING POINT:  Minnesota led 105-104 with less than a minute left in the fourth quarter when  Wayne Ellington  buried a clutch 3-pointer to give the Wolves' breathing room. After Martin sank a pair of free throws on Houston's next possession, Love answered with a 3-pointer from near the top of the key that pushed the Wolves' advantage to 111-106 with 35 seconds remaining. QUOTABLE II:  "Kevin is a very good 3-point shooter, and he finally got a good look. Wayne is very good at creating a good look. ... I didn't necessarily call for those shots, but they both got good looks and made them."  -  Minnesota coach  Kurt Rambis  on the pair of treys that helped hold off Houston HOT:  Lee delivered his best offensive performance of the season, coming off the bench to score a season-high 23 points on 9-for-15 shooting. NOT:  Houston's  Aaron Brooks  struggled mightily in his return from a one-game suspension for conduct detrimental to the team. In 19-plus minutes of action, he shot 1-for-8 from the field, including 0-for-5 from behind the arc, and dished out only one assist. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Rockets forward  Luis Scola  was not much of a factor on the boards, grabbing only two rebounds, but he partially made up for that dip in production with a career-best seven-assist outing. Scola has averaged 22.1 points on 55 percent (66-for-120) shooting over his last seven games. BAD MOVE:  Minnesota's  Jonny Flynn  and  Sebastian Telfair  picked up respective technical fouls during the final seven minutes of regulation for arguing with the officials, despite the fact that both calls favored the Wolves. The young duo temporarily let their emotions consume them during a hotly contested game, giving the Rockets two unearned points. ROOKIE WATCH:  Minnesota forward  Wes Johnson , starting in place of the injured  Michael Beasley , scored 13 points on 6-for-11 shooting, pulled down six rebounds and blocked a career-high four shots. NOTABLE:  The Wolves played without starters Beasley (reaggravated left ankle sprain),  Darko Milicic  (strained left hip flexor) and  Luke Ridnour  (personal matter). ... Minnesota reserve guard/forward  Martell Webster  (back spasms) missed his third straight game, and Rambis said he and Ridnour are unlikely to join the team during their current road trip. ... Houston's last loss to the Wolves came on Jan. 7, 2007. ... The Rockets fell to 3-10 at home this season when allowing more than 100 points. ... Houston center  Chuck Hayes  has scored in double figures in a career-high four consecutive games and has posted three double-doubles in his last four games. ... Ellington (18 points) and Flynn (15 points) set season highs in scoring. ... Minnesota won for just the third time this season when trailing after three quarters. UP NEXT:  For the Wolves, Friday @ Indiana, Saturday vs. Philadelphia, Monday vs. Portland. For the Rockets, Saturday vs. Dallas, Monday vs. Denver, Wednesday vs. Philadelphia.  