
 Raptors-Lakers notebook   By Bryan Chu, for NBA.com Posted Saturday November 6, 2010 2:18AM THE FACTS:  What seemed like yet another blowout for the Lakers early became a game that came down to execution down the stretch. The Lakers defense clamped down and  Pau Gasol  and  Kobe Bryant  carried the offensive load as the Lakers went on to pull out a 108-103 victory over the Raptors Friday at Staples Center. Gasol netted a game-high 30 points and Bryant added 23 as the Lakers (6-0) made it nine straight over the Raptors (1-4) at Staples Center. The Raptors had six players finish in double figures with  Leandro Barbosa  leading the way with 17 points. After toying with the Raptors in the first quarter en route to a 13-point lead, the Lakers eased off considerably and the Raptors took advantage. The Raptors bench lifted the team the following quarter, outscoring the Lakers, 38-22, which led to a Toronto 58-55 advantage at halftime. Both teams took turns with the lead, but at the end it was turnovers and poor shot selection down the stretch that cost the Raptors the game. QUOTABLE:  "It was a challenge tonight. I kind of valued the fact that they gave us a game and came out competitive in that second period and took the lead. I thought it was good for our team to have to face a little adversity."   - Lakers coach  Phil Jackson THE STAT:  18: the rebounding advantage the Raptors had over the Lakers (49-31). Coming into the game, the Lakers ranked second in the league in rebound differential (+4.8). TURNING POINT:  With three seconds left on the shot clock, Lakers guard  Shannon Brown  drained a rainbow 3-pointer from the left wing with less than two minutes to play in the third quarter. That basket not only gave the Lakers an 80-78 lead but also started a crucial 12-2 run to help distance themselves from the Raptors. The Lakers never gave up their lead after Brown's basket. HOT:  Barbosa went off for 15 of his team-high 17 points in the second quarter. He made all three of his 3-pointers and had two steals in a 12-minute span. NOT:  Turnovers by the Raptors, who committed 21 turnovers to the Lakers' 12. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  With the departure of  Chris Bosh , forward  Amir Johnson  was one of the bigs who was supposed to step in and fill that void. In his previous four games, however, he only averaged 4.5 points and 2.3 rebounds. He had a breakout game against the Lakers, however, scoring 12 points and grabbing a career-high 15 rebounds. "He played well and brought good energy," Raptors coach  Jay Triano  said. "We expect him to continue to do that. We kind of expected it to happen sooner, (so) hopefully this is a real positive and he keeps moving forward." GOOD MOVE:  Facing a 13-point deficit heading into the second quarter, Triano kept his key bench players in the entire second quarter. Barbosa dropped 15 points, Jose  Calderon  had six points and seven assists, and Johnson added four points and eight rebounds in the second period alone. BAD MOVE:  Toronto's execution down the stretch. If it wasn't Barbosa taking it 1-on-3, it was the Raptors turning the ball over and taking bad shots. Down 97-94 in the final 4:18, the Raptors were 2-for-9 from the field and recorded two turnovers. NOTABLE:  Bryant and Gasol became the first pair of Laker teammates to score 20 points in the first six games of a season since  Wilt Chamberlain  and  Jerry West  did it in 1970-71 season ... Bryant passed West for second all-time in most field goals made as a Laker. He now has 9019 field goals.  Kareem Abdul-Jabbar  is first with 9935. ... Lakers guard  Steve Blake  scored nine points in 1:23 of play, knocking down three 3-pointers at the end of the first quarter ... Toronto guard  Sonny Weems  saw just five minutes of action because he had the tendinitis in his knee flare up. ... The Lakers have now given up 100 or more points in all but one of their games this season. UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Sunday vs. Blazers, Tuesday vs. Timberwolves, Thursday at Nuggets. For the Raptors, Saturday at Portland, Monday vs. Warriors, Wednesday vs. Bobcats. 
