  Magic-Hawks notebook   By Matt Winkeljohn, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday December 21, 2010 12:03AM THE FACTS: Al Horford  flourished in another move from center to power forward with 24 points, 11 rebounds and four assists to lead the host Hawks to a 91-81 win over the re-constituted Magic in Atlanta. Orlando struggled on the offense while losing for the third straight time, dropping their seventh game in the last eight. Orlando newcomers  Jason Richardson, Hedo Turkoglu  and  Gilbert Arenas  combined to make just 6 of 23 shots in their first games since joining Orlando in a pair of trades. With 19 points and 20 rebounds  Dwight Howard  had more than half the Magic's boards as Atlanta out-rebounded Orlando 51-38.  Joe Johnson  scored 17 for Atlanta, and  Mike Bibby  had 15. QUOTABLE:  "We clearly didn't do anything well. There's really nothing good you take away from it. We're starting from scratch. None of [the newcomers] played well; none of them could shoot the ball. It's not an easy thing coming to a new team. We got crushed on the glass, no question about that. I'm not jumping all over guys . . . it was just a major struggle. I thought guys were trying, we just didn't do anything well. I struggled rotation-wise. It was just very, very hard tonight."    -- Magic coach  Stan Van Gundy. THE STAT : Orlando got smaller through the two trades over the weekend, and it showed as the Magic grabbed just six offensive rebounds -- three over the final three quarters. TURNING POINT:  The Magic tied the game at 55 on a Howard dunk with 4:40 left in the third quarter, but Orlando missed its next 11 shots from the field over a span of 12:22 (scoring 15 points from the free throw line in that time). In the middle of that stretch, Atlanta took a 77-62 lead on a Marvin Williams dunk following Josh Smith's block of a Howard dunk attempt at the other end. QUOTABLE II:  "I wish we could get revved up for everybody else like we get revved up for Orlando and other good teams with good records."  -- Smith, when asked about following Sunday afternoon's listless loss at New Jersey with Monday's win. HOT:  Smith made just 3 of 14 shots, but pitched his third straight double-double with 12 points and 10 rebounds. He also blocked three shots. . . . Magic forward  Brandon Bass  struggled to defend Horford, but with 13 points he has averaged 14.4 points over the past five games. He started Monday. . . . Bibby scored 13 points in the third quarter, making all three of his 3-point attempts. . . . In his first game coming off of Atlanta's bench this season, Williams scored 10 of his 12 points in the fourth quarter, and grabbed six of his nine rebounds in that period. . . . Howard has consecutive 20-rebound games. NOT:  Turkoglu and Jason Richardson started in their first games with the Magic (in Turkoglu's second tour with the team), and struggled from the jump. Turkoglu did not score in the first half, nor grab a rebound, in 13-plus minutes. Richardson made 1 of 4 shots. . . . Arenas came off the bench and made just 2 of 11 shots in the game. . . . The Magic made 6 of 24 shots in the first quarter, falling behind 20-14, and made 5 of 15 in the third quarter and 5 of 14 in the fourth -- 16 of 53 in those three quarters. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Atlanta Braves third baseman Chipper Jones and actor Chris Tucker were at Monday's game. GOOD MOVE:  After struggling horribly the past season-plus against the Magic, who swept the Hawks out of the playoffs last season by a combined 101 points, Atlanta has beaten Orlando in two straight games with  Jason Collins  playing well at center against Howard (6 of 14 shooting, 7 of 12 from the free throw line, six turnovers). The move greatly benefits Horford as he moves to power forward. QUOTABLE III:  "We've found a certain way to play them, and sometimes it works and other times it doesn't work so well. We've gotten some really good play from our centers (Collins,  Zaza Pachulia  and even  Etan Thomas ) versus Dwight. That way, we can play Dwight straight up and not have to get into a lot of rotation, which gives us the ability to guard the 3-point line (where Orlando made 4 of 17 Monday)." -- Hawks coach  Larry Drew  on starting Collins at center, and moving Williams to a reserve role while sliding Horford to power forward and Josh Smith into Williams' small forward spot. NOTABLE : Hawks reserve guard  Jamal Crawford  missed his fourth straight game with a sore back. He's considered questionable for Wednesday's game against the Cavs. UP NEXT:  For the Magic, Tuesday vs. Mavs, Thursday vs. Spurs, Saturday vs. Celtics. For the Hawks, Wednesday vs. Cavs, Sunday @ Hornets, Monday @ Bucks.  