  Knicks-Magic notebook   By Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday March 2, 2011 12:43AM THE FACTS: Jameer Nelson  scored 14 of his 26 points in the fourth quarter to help the Orlando Magic overcome the New York Knicks, 116-110, in a game that included 97 free throw attempts. Nelson scored 11 straight Magic points while they were moving into the lead permanently midway through the fourth quarter. Amar'e Stoudemire  and  Chauncey Billups  scored 30 points each for the Knicks, who led by 11 late in the third quarter. Dwight Howard  had 30 points and 16 rebounds for the Magic. QUOTABLE:  "I had to (produce in the fourth quarter), not necessarily score, but get into the paint and try to put it on their defense. No disrespect to anyone on my team, but I was the one out there trying to make the plays."   -- Nelson. THE STAT:  With  Ryan Anderson ,  J.J. Redick  and  Quentin Richardson  scoring in double figures, Orlando had a 44-11 advantage in bench points. TURNING POINT:  Seldom-used  Quentin Richardson  entered the game for the Magic with the Knicks leading 76-65 with 4:19 left in the third quarter. Richardson's 10 points included a huge 3-point basket early in the fourth, and he contributed five rebounds. HOT:  The Magic shot 11-for-14 in the first quarter and 13-for-19 in the fourth quarter. NOT:  The Knicks shot 4-for-15 in the final quarter and 37 percent for the game.  Carmelo Anthony  shot 8-for-24.. QUOTABLE II:  "We don't have a problem on offense. Our defense needs to gel together and figure out what we're trying to do."   -- Anthony GOOD MOVE:  Nelson took charge, starting with a couple of free throws at 6:27 of the fourth quarter. He hit four straight shots, including a 3-pointer, in a span of 78 seconds. BAD MOVE:   Hedo Turkoglu  was sitting on the Magic bench when he got his second technical foul -- and an automatic ejection -- with 4:01 left in the first half. ROOKIE WATCH:  The Knicks'  Landry Fields  had six points and a team-leading 11 rebounds in 35 minutes. NOTABLE:  Billups left the game with 2:13 remaining after taking a knee in the thigh . . . Nelson also turned an ankle late in the game and left briefly. ... The Magic's  Gilbert Arenas  sat out the game with a sore left knee. ... At one point in the third quarter, Stoudemire, Billups and Anthony all had exactly 20 points. ... The Magic and Knicks will play three times this month. UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Wednesday vs. New Orleans, Friday vs. Cleveland, Sunday @ Atlanta; For the Magic, Thursday @ Miami, Friday vs. Chicago, Monday vs. Portland.  