  Notebook: Spurs 104, Mavericks 87 Posted Saturday March 24, 2012 12:06AM By Tim Price, for NBA.com THE FACTS:   Danny Green  scored 18 points in a starter's role for San Antonio and  Matt Bonner  came off the bench for 14 points after hitting 4-of-5 3-pointers as the Spurs took the floor without the injured  Tony Parker  and defeated the Dallas Mavericks anyway, 104-87 on Friday at AT&T Center. Manu Ginobili  joined Green in the backcourt and started at point guard in place of Parker, and he had 11 points and seven assists for the Spurs (31-14). More significantly, the Spurs hounded  Dirk Nowitzki  with a defensive effort that included  Boris Diaw , who San Antonio just signed yesterday after his buyout in Charlotte. Nowitzki shot 5-of-21 for 16 points and two rebounds (Dallas was outrebounded by 20). He showed his frustration late in the game when he pushed Spurs rookie  Kawhi Leonard  in the back on a rebound and said something to referee  Kevin Fehr  for a technical. Dallas (27-22) shot 31 percent in the second half and have lost consecutive games by double digits to the Lakers and now San Antonio.  Lamar Odom  was the only healthy player for the Mavericks not to play. QUOTABLE:  "I thought the overall team defense was pretty good. That was probably the best part of the game. (Diaw) did a fine job (on defense). No matter who was out there, we were pretty aggressive."    -- Spurs coach  Gregg Popovich THE STAT:  The Mavericks got outrebounded by 17 against L.A., and were horrendous inside tonight. In addition to being outrebounded by 20 (they had four offensive rebounds), they were outscored 50-16 in the paint on a night when the Spurs were missing their usual number of layup opportunities from the injured Parker (tight left hamstring) and also had steady post player  Tiago Splitter  (mild back spasms) in street clothes. Dallas had  Shawn Marion  back on the court after missing three games with a sore knee, but the Mavs still are missing  Brendan Haywood , who sat for the fourth time with a right knee sprain. TURNING POINT:  The Spurs started the second half with a seven-point lead, but the Mavericks wiped that away and took a 63-58 advantage when  Jason Terry  hit a 3-pointer with a little more than four minutes left in the third quarter. However, the Mavs missed their final nine shots of the quarter -- including three in a row by Marion -- and watched the Spurs close out the quarter with 12-straight points. The beginning of the fourth quarter wasn't much better when  Stephen Jackson  hit a three and gave San Antonio a 10-2 start, marking a 22-2 run. QUOTABLE II:  "I talked to Lamar (Odom) about ... a different rotation tonight. We wanted Marion on Ginobili. The way it happened with Ginobili starting, we started Shawn. It tweaked the original plan. The thing that it shows us is that Lamar's minutes are valuable to us."    -- Mavericks coach  Rick Carlisle QUOTABLE III:  "I had a brutal night. During the middle of the game I just could not get the ball in the rim. A lot of my shots were short. I did not have enough to get the ball in tonight."  -- Nowitzki HOT:  Bonner came back from his only missed game of the season when he was down with back spasms in the Spurs' victory over Minnesota on Wednesday. He was 4-of-5 from the floor and 5-of-7 overall, and the Spurs bench shot 16-of-26 overall. NOT:  Nowitzki's 5-of-21 night was his worst since Feb. 1 when he was 2-of-15 in a loss against Oklahoma City. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT: Tim   Duncan  had his 725th career double-double with 15 points and 12 rebounds. But he may not play Saturday night in New Orleans because the Spurs are in the middle of three games in three nights. GOOD MOVE:  The Spurs played tight one-on-one defense on Nowitzki and threw in some late double teams to get him off balance after he went 3-of-5 in the first quarter. Throwing defensive combinations that included Leonard, Jackson, Duncan,  DeJuan Blair , Green -- but particularly Diaw -- forced Nowitzki to go 2-of-16 after the first quarter. Diaw used his 6-foot-8, 235-pound body to cramp and bump Nowitzki. BAD MOVE:  The Mavericks had moderate success pestering  Gary Neal  when Neal was forced over to play point in Parker's absence. But the game really got loose from Dallas when Ginobili directed the attack. His penetrations gave Bonner room past the 3-point line. Ginobili finished with seven assists. ROOKIE WATCH:  Leonard scored 12 and had eight rebounds in another start, but  Eric Dawson , who grew up in San Antonio enjoyed his best game since signing a pair of 10-day contracts with three-straight baskets in garbage time. NOTABLE: Brian Cardinal  was called for a flagrant foul-one when his swipe on the ball came in high and popped Duncan on the face. On the possession the Spurs were awarded, Duncan got the ball back and put in a driving one-handed slam over  Ian Mahinmi , then he stopped and glared at Cardinal. ... The teams split the season series 2-2. UP NEXT:  For the Mavericks, Saturday @ Houston, Tuesday vs. Houston, Thursday @ Miami. For the Spurs, Saturday @ New Orleans, Sunday vs. Philadelphia, Tuesday @ Phoenix.  