Notebook: Kings 105, Warriors 98 
 
 
 Geoff Lepper, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Thu Mar 28, 2013 1:51 AM - Updated Thu Mar 28, 2013 1:51 AM 
 
 THE FACTS: Isaiah Thomas  connected on a career-high seven 3-pointers en route to a game-high 31 points as the Sacramento Kings shocked the Golden State Warriors 105-98 Wednesday night. 
 The Kings held on down the stretch for their first road victory this season against an opponent with a winning record. Sacramento came in a league-worst 6-30 away from Sleep Train Arena. 
 Sacramento took a season series from Golden State for the first time in a decade with three wins in four games this season, including what may have been the final installment in the clubs' Northern California rivalry, if the Kings end up moving to Seattle. 
 
 David Lee  led the Warriors with 20 points and 10 rebounds, but Golden State's starting backcourt of  Stephen Curry  and  Klay Thompson  combined on a 6-for-31 shooting night. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "Isaiah Thomas represented his name very well tonight. He was someone who had to play well for us."  --  Sacramento coach  Keith Smart. 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Golden State (41-32), which led by nine points early in the second quarter, missed a golden opportunity to open its advantage in the race to secure the No. 6 seed in the Western Conference playoffs. Houston (39-32) remained just a game behind despite losing to Indiana earlier Wednesday, while the Lakers (37-35) and Utah (36-36) pulled closer. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Smart's decision to use back-up guard  Toney Douglas  down the stretch seemed to invite second-guessing when the veteran -- acquired from Houston along with  Cole Aldrich  and  Patrick Patterson  on Feb. 20 -- committed turnovers on back-to-back possessions as the Kings tried to nurse their fourth-quarter lead. 
 But Smart stuck with Douglas, who bodied up Curry with Sacramento's lead down to six points and forced a highly contested 12-foot runner with 59.9 seconds left. Curry missed, and  Tyreke Evans  crossed out Thompson on the ensuing Kings possession before dropping a 20-foot pull-up jumper for a 98-90 lead with 42.1 seconds remaining, securing the win. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We talked about it (pre-game): We are not good enough to show up and (expect to) win ballgames. That's not who we are, and we will not be successful with that approach. . . . If we gave the same energy and effort that we did against the Lakers (on Monday), we win this ballgame. We did not."  --  Warriors coach  Mark Jackson. 
 
 
 HOT:  Thomas simply scorched the Warriors in the third quarter, scoring 17 points with five 3-pointers as the Warriors found themselves unable to stop the 5-foot-9 playmaker. Thomas opened the period with a fast-break layup, and finished it with back-to-back treys. He also had a team-high seven assists on the night. 
 
 NOT:  Thompson's performance couldn't have been much poorer. Plagued by foul trouble from the outset, Thompson missed his final 11 shots and finished with more personals (five) than points (four). Golden State is 0-5 this season when Thompson scores fewer than seven points. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "One thing with Klay, he was holding his head down a little bit. He's a shooter. Those are shots I'll take and I don't care what anybody says. That was not the reason we lost this game."  --  Jackson . 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Smart finally brought back Thomas to run the offense after Douglas' consecutive cough-ups, and Thomas rewarded the move by draining his final 3-pointer with 2:43 left. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Thompson was clearly ice cold from outside, but he kept banging away from outside (1-for-8) rather than attempting to get himself on track with an up-fake and drive or two. 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Warriors center  Andrew Bogut  tied his season high with 12 points, and added nine rebounds and four blocks. Bogut had 10 points by halftime, with six of those coming during a 2:17 stretch of the second quarter in which he put down a pair of dunks. Those jams might have bred a little bit of overconfidence, however, as Bogut was blocked by the rim on an alley oop try just before the half. 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  Oakland product  Bill Russell,  who coached the Kings for 58 games after his Hall of Fame playing career, was sitting courtside with fellow Hall of Famer  Jerry West,  a member of the Warriors' executive board. Players from both teams joined in the ovation for Russell when he was shown on the scoreboard during a second-quarter timeout. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Evans, a game-time decision due to a stomach ailment, played 34 minutes and provided 12 points with five assists. . . . The Kings and Warriors have met 370 times in their history. The all-time series is now perfectly balanced at 185-185. . . . Kings forward  John Salmons  started the game with a four-point play, but had only five points the rest of the way. He did contribute six rebounds and five assists. . . . Lee's league-leading 27th game this season with at least 20 points and 10 rebounds came in his 200th career appearance as a Warrior. Golden State is now 22-5 in those contests. The Warriors gave fans a bobblehead allegedly cast in Lee's likeness. . . . Golden State's 68 points in the paint are the most allowed by Sacramento this season. . . . The Kings turned 16 offensive rebounds into 21 second-chance points against a Warriors team that came into the game ranked second in the league in defensive rebounding percentage at 74.9. . . .  Carl Landry  and  Jarrett Jack  each had 16 points off the bench for the Warriors. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Kings, Thursday @ Phoenix, Saturday vs. Lakers, Wednesday vs. Houston. For the Warriors, Saturday vs. Portland, Wednesday vs. New Orleans, Friday @ Phoenix. 
