  Notebook: Cavaliers 102, Bobcats 94   By Derek S. Smith, for NBA.com Posted Monday January 16, 2012 5:42PM THE FACTS:   Kyrie Irving  made his return to North Carolina in style. The former Duke player scored 25 points and added seven assists to lead the Cleveland Cavaliers to a 102-94 come-from-behind win over the Charlotte Bobcats Monday afternoon at Time Warner Cable Arena. The Cavs improve to 6-6 overall while the Bobcats fall to 3-11.  D.J. Augustin  led the Bobcats with 24 who now hit the road for nine of their next 11. QUOTABLE:  "I said if we're going to win this game guys we're going to have to guard. If we guard, we'll win the game. We'll have an opportunity to score, but we have to do a better job of defending. In the second half they only got 37 points. We did an excellent job with that."   -- Cleveland coach  Byron Scott THE STAT:  Free Throws. The Bobcats have shot well all season long at the charity stripe, but today when it counted the team faltered. Charlotte was shooting 76.8 percentage percent from the line but connected on only 53.8 percent of its 26 attempts while the Cavs went to the line 29 times and made 20 of their chances. TURNING POINT:  Shot clock violation. The Bobcats had almost stolen the momentum back from the Cavaliers when  Byron Mullens  fumbled a pass from  D.J. White  underneath the basket which resulted in a 24-second shot clock violation. Cleveland scored again to go up three and would close the game on a 7-0 run after that Bobcats turnover. HOT:  Charlotte native  Antawn Jamison  scored 20 points and grabbed seven rebounds for the Cavaliers Monday afternoon, but was most effective in the second half. Jamison scored 11 of his points and grabbed five of his rebounds while shooting five-for-seven from the floor to help Cleveland outscore Charlotte 56-37 in the final 24 minutes of action. NOT:   Kemba Walker.  The Bobcats rookie guard struggled in his second career start. Walker scored 14 points, but it took 21 shots for him to connect on six field goals. He was one-for-four from behind the arc and made just one-of-two from the line. INSIDE THE ARENA:  The Bobcats played the full version of the "I Have A Dream" speech by Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. from 1963 on Bobcats TV. ROOKIE WATCH:   Irving was unstoppable again for Cleveland. The number one pick netted 25 points and scored in double figures for the fifth consecutive game. He's averaging 22.2 points in his last five games. He added a career-best seven assists. Charlotte's  Bismack Biyombo  was his first DNP-CD of the season. NOTABLE:   Anthony Parker  left the game in the second quarter with a sore lower back and did not return for Cleveland ... Jamison scored 20-plus points for the fifth time this season ...  Anderson Varejao  scored in double figures for the seventh time this season ...  Ramon Sessions  had a season-best nine assists ... Charlotte guard  Kemba Walker  recorded career highs with four steals and two blocked shots and hit double figures for the eighth time ...  Gerald Henderson  was in double figures for the tenth time on the season ... Mullens grabbed a career-best 12 rebounds. UP NEXT:  For the Cavaliers, Tuesday vs. Golden State, Friday vs. Chicago, Saturday at Atlanta. For the Bobcats, Tuesday @ Orlando, Saturday @ Chicago, Sunday @ New Jersey.  