
 Wizards-Cavaliers notebook   By Brian Dulik, for NBA.com Posted Thursday April 14, 2011 12:42AM THE FACTS:  The Cleveland Cavaliers ended their season with a two-game winning streak by beating the Washington Wizards 100-93. Point guard  Ramon Sessions  scored a game-high 27 points for Cleveland, which finished with the second-worst record in the NBA but played in front of its 25th sellout crowd in 41 home games. Power forward  Andray Blatche  paced Washington with 20 points in 24 minutes. QUOTABLE:  "Obviously, our win-loss record was not what we wanted, but I think we're building a foundation, especially with some of the younger guys we have. There won't be any excuses when we get to training camp. We are going to have a much better season next year."   -- Cavaliers coach  Byron Scott THE STAT:  The Wizards' starters played a total of four minutes in the fourth quarter -- all by rookie Jordan Crawford -- and failed to record a point, rebound or assist. Washington was outscored 29-19 in the final period and lost the game by seven. "I thought our first, main group played really well," Wizards coach Flip Saunders said. "In a different situation, I probably would like to see them play the whole game. But this was a good opportunity for us to see a lot of the young guys." TURNING POINT:  Washington held a 76-71 lead one minute into the fourth quarter when guard  Othyus Jeffers  absorbed an accidental elbow to the groin from Cleveland's  Manny Harris . Adding insult to injury, Jeffers was ruled to have initiated contact and was called for the foul. The Cavaliers promptly scored 10 straight points, including back-to-back 3-pointers by  Luke Harangody  and  Christian Eyenga , to swing momentum their way for the rest of the contest. QUOTABLE II:  "When it comes to the support of our team, there's no city that's better. They're always in our corner, regardless of how many games we win. They are always going to fight for us and that's why we are always going to play as hard as we can."   -- Cavaliers guard  Daniel Gibson HOT:  Cavaliers power forward  J.J. Hickson  posted his sixth straight double-double with 15 points and a game-high 13 rebounds. In his final 13 contests, the third-year pro averaged 19.1 points and 12.5 boards while shooting .513 from the field. ... Cleveland won four of its last six games to finish 19-63 -- two more victories than it had in 2002-2003, which was the season before it drafted  LeBron James . That spirited finish earned the Cavaliers a standing ovation as they exited the court. NOT:  Shooting guard Crawford lived up to the name of his position by jacking up 14 field goal attempts, but only made two. Fellow Wizards rookies  Mustafa Shakur  and  Larry Owens  combined to shoot 5-for-19, helping Cleveland rally from an early 13-point deficit and get the win. "This is our job, so I'll definitely be working as hard this offseason as I did last summer," Crawford said. "Hopefully, I've shown this team that I can compete and make some plays when I've had the chance." QUOTABLE III:  "It's tough that the season is over. It seemed like it just started. I know what I have to do for next year, but it's tough. I still want to play, but we don't know if we'll have a lockout. That's the toughest part."   -- Wizards guard  John Wall GOOD MOVE:  Scott removed  Anthony Parker  from the game with 53 seconds left and Cleveland holding a 100-93 lead. The 36-year-old shooting guard was given a standing ovation by the fans and received many hugs from his teammates. Moments earlier, Parker had put the victory on ice by making a spinning 3-pointer from the right corner. "It was an amazing feeling, and I thank Coach Scott for the opportunity to come out by myself," said Parker, who is contemplating retirement. BAD MOVE:  Saunders made good on his promise to give all 11 of his healthy players significant time, leading to many disjointed units playing together. Crawford and Jeffers were the only Wizards to log more than 24 minutes, while rookie center Hamady N'Diaye was the low man on the list with 10. "Our second group just struggled at times from getting stops and scoring, but I think everybody gave all the effort they could," Wall said. "The Cavs just made big shots down the stretch." NOTABLE:  The Cavaliers finished with two more wins than Minnesota, which ended the campaign with a league-worst 17-65 record. ... Cleveland fan favorite Gibson missed all seven of his 3-point attempts and shot 4-for-16, but scored 10 points. ... Washington small forward  Maurice Evans  made his first six shots, including three treys, and finished 6-for-7. ... Wizards center  Yi Jianlian  had 10 points and a season-high 12 rebounds off the bench. ... Cavaliers radio play-by-play announcer  Joe Tait  called his 3,382nd and final game with the franchise. The 73-year-old local legend retired after spending 39 seasons behind the mic. Tait joined Cleveland eight games into its inaugural NBA season in 1970-1971. He closed his broadcast with the words, "Have a good life, everybody." ... Cavaliers owner  Dan Gilbert  was seated courtside, adjacent to the team's bench. UP NEXT:  For the Wizards, the NBA Draft Lottery. For the Cavaliers, the NBA Draft Lottery. 
