Notebook: Spurs 120, Knicks 89 
 
 
 Adam Zagoria for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Nov 10, 2013 3:08 PM - Updated Sun Nov 10, 2013 3:08 PM 
 
 THE FACT : After losing the season series to the Knicks 2-0 last season, the San Antonio Spurs ended that skid in emphatic fashion. 
 
 THE LEAD : Long Island native  Danny Green  played brilliantly in his return home, going for 24 points and 10 rebounds as the Spurs crushed the Knicks 120-89 in a Sunday matinee at Madison Square Garden. 
 
 Kawhi Leonard  added 18 points off the bench,  Tony Parker  had 17 points and six assists,  Patty Mills  scored 15 points and  Tim Duncan  went for 11 points and 10 boards for the Spurs (6-1). The Spurs outrebounded New York 51-33. 
 
 Carmelo Anthony  and  Andrea Bargnani  scored 16 points apiece for the Knicks (2-4). 
 
 QUOTABLE : "Any night it's good to play well but back home, especially, it's a fun time."  
 -- Danny Green, the Spurs shooter who said he gave out 22 tickets to family and friends 
 
 THE STAT : The Spurs shot 72 percent in the first quarter -- and 83 percent from the arc -- en route to a 35-17 lead after one. The Spurs shot 43 percent (12-for-28) from deep, while the Knicks shot 27 percent (6-for-22). 
 
 TURNING POINT : For the third straight home game, the Knicks fell behind in the first period. They were down by 18 points after the first period. That followed first-quarter deficits of three points to Charlotte and 21 to Minnesota. 
 The Spurs then padded their margin with a 29-15 third quarter that put them up 90-60 after three. 
 
 QUOTABLE II : "We didn't compete tonight, it's just unacceptable."  
 -- Knicks coach  Mike Woodson 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE : Spurs coach  Gregg Popovich  started  Marco Belinelli  over Leonard for the first time this season, and Belinelli responded by going 3-for-4 for nine points with four rebounds and four assists in 26 minutes. 
 
 BAD MOVE : Woodson played  J.R. Smith  21 minutes, while  Iman Shumpert  played 22 minutes and  Tim Hardaway, Jr.  16. In his first game back from a five-game drug suspension, Smith went 1-for-9 for five points. Smith shot 0-for-5 for zero points with three turnovers in the first half. 
 
 HOT : Green was on fire in his return to New York, shooting 8-for-11 from the field and 6-for-9 from the arc. 
 
 NOT :  Amar'e Stoudemire  continued to struggle, shooting 1-for-5 for two points and two rebounds. He was booed in the third period after he missed back-to-back foul shots. 
 
 NOTABLE : Knicks rookie  Toure' Murray  scored his first NBA points, hitting a foul shot in the fourth and finishing with five points. Former Kansas big man  Cole Aldrich  added two points and seven rebounds in his second game. 
 
 QUOTABLE III : "I don't worry about things like that."  
 -- Mike Woodson on the "Fire Woodson" chants that broke out briefly at MSG 
 
 NOTABLE II:  Woodson opted to start two point guards with  Raymond Felton  and  Pablo Prigioni ,but said he would like to start a "big" guard at shooting guard going forward. Shumpert and Smith remain in a competition for the starting two guard spot. 
 
 QUOTABLE IV : "He played well. He's a shooter, so he's going to shoot the ball and tonight he made them."  
 -- Tony Parker on Danny Green 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA : Curb Your Enthusiasm creator and Seinfeld writer Larry David sat courtside. 
 
 UP NEXT : For the Knicks, Wednesday @ Atlanta, Thursday vs. Houston, Saturday vs. Atlanta. For the Spurs, Monday @ Philadelphia, Wednesday vs. Washington, Friday @ Utah. 
