  Spurs-Warriors notebook   By Geoff Lepper, for NBA.com  Posted Tuesday January 25, 2011 2:02AM THE FACTS:   Tony Parker  scored 18 points and added 11 assists as the San Antonio Spurs survived an injury scare for star  Tim Duncan  and beat the Golden State Warriors 113-102 Monday night. Duncan limped off the court in the second quarter after suffering a hyperextended left knee, but came back after halftime to finish with 16 points and seven rebounds.  David Lee  collected a season-high 31 points and 12 rebounds for the Warriors, who have now lost 11 straight and 44 of their last 51 against the Spurs. QUOTABLE:  "I think he'll be alright. He worked it out and he thought that it was fine. . . . He's pretty experienced and he understands the journey. He knows what the end of the year is all about, and he wouldn't have gone out there (in the second half) if he thought he needed to stay off of it."    --  Gregg Popovich  on Tim Duncan's third-quarter return THE STAT:  46-14. That's how badly the Spurs' bench players outscored their opposite numbers from Golden State. San Antonio, with its egalitarian ethos, provides a study in contrast to Golden State, which rides its stars to the point of exhaustion -- witness  Monta Ellis ' league-leading 41.1 minutes per game. Popovich's cultivation of the Spurs' bench paid off with 14-point nights from  Antonio McDyess  (who also had 10 rebounds) and  George Hill . Outside of  Acie Law  (seven points), Golden State's bench went 3-for-10 collectively. TURNING POINT:  The Spurs played "pathetic" defense in the first quarter, according to Popovich, and "half-pathetic" in the second period. After intermission, however, San Antonio laid the wood to the Warriors, shutting off all access to the lane. Golden State took nine straight jumpers in one stretch midway through the third quarter, missing the last six and allowing San Antonio to expand its lead from five points to 13. The Warriors shot 38.1 percent in the second half. ROOKIE WATCH:   Gary Neal , the first guard off San Antonio's bench with Hill nursing his sore thumb, finished with 11 points and three rebounds in 24 minutes. QUOTABLE II:  "It's especially important during the season to get the bench ready to play at the end of the season. The only way to do it is to throw them out there in situations, and that's what we've been doing."    -- Gregg Popovich HOT:  With Warriors center  Andris Biedrins  (zero points, four rebounds in 27 minutes) regressing badly on the evening, McDyess took advantage in the third quarter, racking up eight points and five boards as the Spurs pulled out to a double-digit lead. His 14 points represented a season-high, as were the six field goals. NOT:  Ellis' efficiency has been the calling card of his All-Star push, but the Warriors' best player struggled for a third consecutive game from the field, going 10-for-26. He's shooting 36.8 percent from the floor in those contests and has racked up 15 turnovers. NOTABLE:  The double-double was Parker's seventh this season. . . . This was the start of an eight-game homestand for the Warriors, the franchise's longest since the 1964-65 season. . . . Popovich may have an iPhone, but he's not exactly a poster boy for getting the most out of Apple's cash cow. "I don't text, let alone Tweet," Popovich explained. "Somebody says, 'I texted you.' I say, 'That's your fault.' You texted me, and I'm supposed to know? Call me, write me a letter, yell at me. I've probably got a bunch of (texts) on there right now. It's just a matter of checking them." . . .  Dorell Wright  had a career-high nine assists for the Warriors and tied another career mark with 10 free throws made. . . . The Spurs are now 31-1 when leading after three quarters. . . . Golden State had a four-game home winning streak snapped. UP NEXT:  For the Spurs, Wednesday @ Utah, Saturday vs. Houston, Tuesday @ Portland. For the Warriors, Wednesday vs. New Orleans, Friday vs. Charlotte, Sunday vs. Utah.  