  Notebook: Spurs 87, Celtics 86 Posted Thursday April 5, 2012 12:01AM By Brian Robb, for NBA.com THE FACTS: Paul Pierce  missed a long jumper over  Tim Duncan  as time expired, as the San Antonio Spurs held on for their ninth straight win, 87-86, over the Boston Celtics. The visitors gutted out the victory despite only managing 28 second half points, as the Celtics' defense clamped down after allowing 59 points before intermission. With San Antonio's offense slowed, Boston fought back in the second half from a 17-point deficit to take the lead in the closing minutes. The Spurs regained control late however, with strong defense and a couple clutch baskets from  Matt Bonner  and  Gary Neal . Duncan added 10 points and 16 points as the Spurs closed to just a game behind the Thunder for the top seed in the Western Conference.  Avery Bradley  had a game-high 19 points off the bench for the Celts, who had their five-game winning streak snapped. QUOTABLE:  "I thought I got a great shot, created some space right there at the free throw line. it's just sometimes they fall and sometimes they don't."  --  Pierce on his last-second miss. THE STAT:  The Spurs grabbed six of their 12 offensive rebounds in the fourth quarter, leading to seven pivotal second chance points in the frame. TURNING POINT:  With the Celtics leading by two with three minutes remaining in the contest, the Spurs countered with a 6-0 run, keyed by two crucial offensive rebounds from  Manu Ginoboli  and Duncan, which led to the second chance opportunities. QUOTABLE II:  "It was a great game, great game. We knew coming in here they're a playoff caliber team and there always a tough challenge and it was a good game for us, a good challenge for us."  --  Duncan. HOT:  Bradley -- Despite returning to the bench for the first time in seven games, the second-year guard continues to excel within the offense, scoring in double-digits for the fifth time in his past six games. NOT:  Spurs third quarter offense -- San Antonio managed just nine points in the frame, and missed all eight of their 3-point attempts. Overall, they shot just 20 percent from the field. INSIDE THE ARENA:  University of Kentucky head coach  John Calipari  watched the game from courtside and got a nice ovation from the crowd after being shown on the TD Garden Jumbotron. GOOD MOVE:  Rivers went small with his lineup for nearly the entire second half, which assisted the Celtics in tightening their defense as they clawed their way back into the contest by holding the Spurs to just 27.5 percent shooting from the field in the second half. ROOKIE WATCH: Kawhi Leonard  did not see much action despite getting the start for the Spurs, as Popovich leaned heavily on his bench during the contest. The rookie forward was held scoreless for the first time in more than a month in 17 minutes of action. NOTABLE: Ray Allen  returned to the lineup after missing his past seven games with an ankle injury. The sharpshooter showed some rust in his return, missing four of his six shots, finishing with five points in 34 minutes. The loss was the first one for Boston at home since February 15th against Detroit. Before the game, Pierce was crowned Eastern Conference Player of the Month for March. The Spurs scored 40 of their 48 points in the paint in the first half. UP NEXT:  For the Spurs, Friday vs. New Orleans, Sunday vs. Utah, Monday @ Utah. For the Celtics, Thursday @ Chicago, Saturday @ Indiana, Sunday vs. Philadelphia.  