  Suns-Warriors notebook   By Geoff Lepper, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday February 8, 2011 2:20AM THE FACTS: Channing Frye  scored 19 points and grabbed 11 rebounds as the Phoenix Suns led for the final 47 minutes of a 104-92 victory against the Golden State Warriors on Monday.  Grant Hill  added 18 points and hounded Warriors star  Monta Ellis  into a 5-for-17 evening from the floor.  Steve Nash  had 14 points and 15 assists for Phoenix (24-25), which is on the brink of getting back to .500 for the first time since Dec. 19. THE STAT:  13-2. With the Suns ranking third and the Warriors sixth in terms of 3-pointers per game, success from behind the arc was always going to be a key determining factor in who won Monday. So when Phoenix hit 13 treys -- including five in the first quarter -- to Golden State's two (on 18 attempts), it was no surprise the Suns came out on top. QUOTABLE:  "If we're plus-11 from 3, we  should  win the game."    -- Phoenix coach  Alvin Gentry TURNING POINT:  The Suns struggled badly in the fourth quarter as the Warriors' 1-2-2 and 2-3 zones helped hold Phoenix to just two points during a stretch of more than seven minutes. But with a 3-pointer and long 2 from Frye, followed by a dagger 3 from Nash on the ensuing possession, the Suns led by 13 points with 3:07 remaining. The Warriors' resistance was finished. HOT:  Phoenix opened the game 5-for-5 from the floor -- including three 3s -- to bury the Warriors in a 17-4 hole. NOT:  Golden State helped dig its own grave early by missing eight shots in a row after  Andris Biedrins ' game-opening bucket, with two turnovers thrown in for good measure. QUOTABLE II:  "It's embarrassing for our fans that we come out and played the way we played."    -- Ellis FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Frye's last two buckets may have sealed the game, but his work before then wasn't too bad. He went 5-for-9 from behind the arc and tossed in two assists and a block to round out his fantasy contributions. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Warriors owner  Joe Lacob  -- who was on record with a goal of seeing his team reach 28-27 -- was a picture of abject dejection in his courtside seat as Golden State fell to 22-28, with only 14 home games remaining. ... One courtside fan came prepared to cheer on Steve Nash during the first quarter by waving a full-sized Canadian flag whenever the two-time former MVP dribbled nearby. GOOD MOVE:  Gentry found the exact time to deploy former Warrior forward  Mickael Pietrus , who finished with 12 points in just 19 minutes of work. BAD MOVE:  The Warriors, who had such a spectacular game plan for Chicago on Saturday, seemed woefully unprepared to deal with the Suns' wing post-up game. Hill abused Ellis with his back to the basket early on, and whenever Golden State brought an extra body, he found cutters or open teammates. ROOKIE WATCH:  Golden State center  Ekpe Udoh  had six points and three rebounds while helping to key the Warriors' comeback in the fourth quarter. But  Keith Smart  felt that two missed free throws at the 6:52 mark was an indication that, despite Udoh's contributions to that point, he needed to come off the floor. NOTABLE:  With a miss at the 43.9-second mark of the first quarter,  Reggie Williams ' streak of eight consecutive 3-point makes -- a run that dated to Golden State's game vs. Charlotte on Jan. 28 -- came to an end. ... Phoenix's six turnovers is a season-low for Warriors opponents. UP NEXT:  For the Suns, Thursday vs. Golden State, Friday @ Utah, Sunday vs. Sacramento. For the Warriors, Wednesday vs. Denver, Thursday @ Phoenix, Sunday vs. Oklahoma City.  