Notebook: Heat 103, Wizards 93 
 
 
 Zachary Paul, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Nov 03, 2013 10:18 PM - Updated Sun Nov 03, 2013 10:18 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  Miami ended a two-game losing streak and avoided its first three-game losing skid since January of 2012.  
 
 THE LEAD:  After dropping two straight games, the Miami Heat snapped the skid with a 103-93 victory against the Washington Wizards on Sunday at AmericanAirlines Arena.  
 
 LeBron James  led all scorers with 25 points and five assists. The Heat's Big Three of James,  Chris Bosh  and  Dwyane Wade  combined to score 69 points, keeping the Wizards winless. Miami led by as many as 23 in the second half, withstanding every push Washington made. The Wizards pulled to within 10 points midway in the fourth quarter before Bosh made consecutive baskets to put things away.  
 The Heat shot 52 percent from the field and were 11-for-27 from the three-point arc. Miami also had four players record at least five assists, led by  Mario Chalmers ' eight.  
 The Wizards were led by  Bradley Beal 's 19 points.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "If you've been in a relationship with a woman for a long time, you start getting comfortable. You stop doing the little things that you should do, that you did in the beginning. We've been together for a while. We've gotten comfortable. ... This is like a relationship. We got a little comfortable. Now, we've got to get back on the edge a little bit."  
 
 -- Wade on the Heat possibly getting complacent during losing streak  
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Heat had a season-high 32 assists.  Shane Battier  was the only player to finish without an assist.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  After trailing 9-2, the Heat went on a 14-0 run midway through the first quarter. The Wizards trailed by double digits most of the remainder.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "The intensity for the most part was better. Certainly our ball movement was one of the better games of the year for us in that regard. Our closeouts were better. Our commitment to contain the ball after the closeout was better. ... Overall, I just liked our competitiveness better."  
 
 -- Heat coach  Erik Spoelstra   
 
 
 HOT:  James was the early catalyst for the Heat. He scored 14 of his 25 points in the first quarter. James has continued to play effectively from the perimeter as well. He was 3-for-5 from the 3-point arc and is shooting 50 percent for the season. 
 
 NOT:  Wizards guard  John Wall  had all sorts of problems against Miami's Chalmers. Wall shot just 4-for-12 from the field and was never able to gain any rhythm. He did have nine assists, but the Wizards need more from their best player.  
 
 GOOD MOVE:  The Heat went back to the basics with their emphasis on ball movement. That was the focal point of a team meeting Sunday morning. It was evident from the beginning they were going to go after the best shot possible on each possession.   
 
 BAD MOVE:  The Wizards allowed too many easy buckets, especially for the Heat's Big Three of Wade, James and Bosh. They combined to shoot 25-for-41 from the field. When they shoot at such a high percentage, it almost always equates to victory.  
 
 NOTABLE:  Wizards center  Nene  did not play because of a strained left calf. His status remains day to day.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Tuesday @ Toronto, Thursday vs. L.A. Clippers, Saturday vs. Boston. For the Wizards, Wednesday @ Philadelphia, Friday vs. Brooklyn, Sunday @ Oklahoma City. 
