
 Hawks-Sixers notebook   By Andy Jasner, for NBA.com Posted Friday October 29, 2010 10:33PM THE FACTS:  Four Hawks scored in double figures in a hard-fought 104-101 victory over the 76ers.  Joe Johnson  led the way with 22 points while  Al Horford  contributed 20 points and 12 rebounds for Atlanta, which is now 2-0 under new coach  Larry Drew  with both wins coming on the road.  Andre Iguodala  paced the Sixers (0-2) with 27 points while  Elton Brand  had 20. QUOTABLE:  "That's as athletic a team as you're going to face in the NBA."   -- Sixers coach  Doug Collins  on the Hawks THE STAT:  Nine different Hawks registered at least one assist. Translation? The ball kept moving for good shots. TURNING POINT:  After the Sixers closed within 99-97 on a dunk by  Andres Nocioni  with 1:07 remaining,  Josh Smith  responded with a huge 3-pointer right in front of the Sixers' bench to extend the lead back to five. HOT:   Jamal Crawford  continued to prove why he's considered one of the top sixth men in the league. In 12 first-half minutes, Crawford racked up 11 points and five assists. He wound up with 19 points and five assists. NOT:   Jason Kapono  struggled to find open looks and went scoreless. He took just one shot. QUOTABLE II:  "We're OK with going under the radar in the East. Boston, Orlando and Miami are talked about a lot and that's fine with us. We're off to a strong start and we have confidence in the guys on this team. We know we're capable of being a very good team."   -- Horford on the perception of the Hawks FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Iguodala should be a stat-stuffer all season for the Sixers. He finished with 27 points, 10 assists and six rebounds.  Lou Williams  also had 16 points, including 12-for-13 from the free throw line. INSIDE THE ARENA:  The crowd was about half as small as opening night against  LeBron James  and the Miami Heat. The celebrities will be back for marquee matchups against the likes of Boston and the Los Angeles Lakers. GOOD MOVE:  The Hawks continued to get the ball to Horford in the low post. He hurt the Sixers with a variety of moves not to mention his ability to rebound. BAD MOVE:  Williams spent a lot of time covering  Mike Bibby . Not exactly a polished defender, Williams had problems containing Bibby in halfcourt sets. ROOKIE WATCH:   Evan Turner  scored 16 points in his NBA debut against the Heat. This time, he was not nearly as effective with zero points on 0-for-5 shooting in 19 minutes. Turner did manage four assists and two rebounds. NOTABLE:  The Hawks may not possess a true center, but they will challenge shots in the paint. Smith had six of Atlanta's eight blocks, highlighted by a rejection of Nocioni on the Sixers' final possession with a chance to tie the game. UP NEXT:  For the Hawks, Saturday vs. Washington, Tuesday at Cleveland, Wednesday vs. Detroit. For the Sixers, Saturday at Indiana, Tuesday at Washington, Wednesday vs. Indiana. 
