Notebook: Nets 96, Knicks 89 
 
 
 Jake Appleman, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Mon Nov 26, 2012 11:47 PM - Updated Mon Nov 26, 2012 11:48 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:  It took more than regulation to decide the inaugural battle of the boroughs, as the Nets beat the Knicks 96-89 in overtime, backed by 14  Deron Williams  assists, 22 points and 11 rebounds from  Brook Lopez , an excellent start from  Gerald Wallace  and four clutch  Jerry Stackhouse  3-pointers.  
 
 Carmelo Anthony  poured in 35 points and  Tyson Chandler  28, on 12-13 shooting, combining for over half of the team's points. The pair also notched 13 offensive rebounds.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "It's hard to deny the atmosphere and media buzz behind this game." - Williams. 
 
 THE STAT:  Williams finished with as many assists as the Knicks (14).  
 
 TURNING POINT:  Anthony's jumper with precious seconds remaining in overtime didn't go down, paving the way for overtime and a Nets victory. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "That's the look I wanted. I'll take that shot all day." -- Anthony.  
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  Current and former New York Giants  Jason Pierre-Paul, Justin Tuck  and  Michael Strahan  as well as  Jay-Z  and  Beyonce, Richard Gere  (actor) and  Charlie Rose  (TV host)...Fans went back and forth as each side was represented by a loud contingent. Both Williams and Anthony received "M-V-P" chants... 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH: Pablo Prigioni , the ageless wonder, finished with two rebounds and one assist in over ten minutes of action. 
 
 NOTABLE: Jason Kidd  sat out the game with back spasms. "We can't put that on Jason,"  Rasheed Wallace  said. "That is like making an excuse, saying that we were one man short or two men short. You can't do that. The guys that were out there were ready but we just fell a little short tonight."... Reggie Evans  continued his torrid rebounding pace, snatching 14 in under 18 minutes of playing time...Lopez blocked five shots...It was the first time ever that the Nets and Knicks had faced off with each team boasting a winning percentage above .600. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Wednesday @ Milwaukee, Friday vs. Washington, Sunday vs. Phoenix. For the Nets, Wednesday @ Boston, Friday @ Orlando, Saturday @ Miami.    
