Notebook: Wizards 104, Bobcats 87 
 
 
 Benjamin Standig, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Mar 10, 2013 12:35 AM - Updated Sun Mar 10, 2013 12:35 AM 
 
 THE FACTS:   Trevor Ariza  scored 17 of his 26 points in the second half,  Martell Webster  had 20 and  Nene  had 19 as the Washington Wizards stopped a two-game losing streak -- overall and against Charlotte - with a 104-87 win over the Bobcats on Saturday night. 
 
 Kemba Walker  scored 29 points and  Gerald Henderson  had 17 for the Bobcats, who have lost 10 straight and by an average of 21.5 points.  
 Looking to move on from a lopsided loss at Brooklyn on Friday, the Wizards (20-41) pulled away with a 22-5 run in the second quarter.  
 After letting Charlotte trim a 21-point lead down to nine in the fourth quarter, Ariza countered with two 3-pointers. 
 Charlotte won the previous two meetings with Washington, including a double-overtime triumph on Nov. 24. Since then, the Bobcats have lost 45 of 51 games. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We turned the page. It was a hard loss last night. Tonight we came hard in the beginning of the game. We knew this team always play hard like us and they beat us two times on the season so we needed to step up." --  Nene on the Wizards recovering from a 95-78 loss at Brooklyn on Friday and paying back the Bobcats. 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Wizards drained 10-of-18 3-pointers, five coming from Ariza and four from Webster, Washington's small forward combination. Webster made all of his in the first half on his first four attempts while Ariza sank three in the third quarter. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:   "It's like herding cats sometimes, but there's an overview of what you're trying to do, and when you're not eligible for the playoffs, then it's about development, it's about a system, it's about, as the Wizards would say, having the attitude that you have something at stake. These guys are pros, and they understand that. You can't fake it." --  Bobcats coach  Mike Dunlap  on trying to get his team focused on a nightly basis. 
 
 
 HOT:  Nene finished the first half with 16 points - more than the Brazilian big man had scored in any game since the All-Star break. He had 21 at Milwaukee on Feb. 21.  
 
 NOT:  Looking for rebounding help, Dunlap inserted  Josh McRoberts  into the starting lineup over  Bryon Mullens . In 22 minutes, the 6-foot-10 McRoberts only grabbed two rebounds as the Wizards won the battle on the boards 45-32. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  With  Bradley Beal  sidelined with a sprained left ankle, Wizards coach  Randy Wittman  started Ariza during two road games. Back on home soil, Wittman moved  Garrett Temple  into the starting lineup while returning Ariza to his bench role. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "It was good to just get a win period, losing the last two games," Wall said. "We wanted to come out and not let this game slip away. I think we did a great job of closing it out. We kind of let them back in but we had a decent enough lead." --  John Wall  on taking down the Bobcats. 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  Wall scored 13 points including a 3-pointer in the second half. On the season, the Wizards' point is 2-of-18 from beyond the arc. ... Ben Gordon  scored 13 points and  Brendan Haywood  had 10 for the Bobcats. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Bobcats, Tuesday  vs. Celtics, Friday @ Raptors, Saturday @ Celtics. For the Wizards, Tuesday @ Cavaliers, Wednesday vs. Bucks, Friday. vs. Hornets 
