  Warriors-Suns notebook   By Jerry Brown, for NBA.com Posted Friday February 11, 2011 12:23AM THE FACTS:  The long climb to .500 is finally over for the Suns. The long run of losses for the Warriors in Phoenix continues. In a game that mirrored Phoenix's 104-92 win in Oakland on Monday, the Suns got off to a fast start and just kept going, rolling to their biggest win of the season in a 112-88 rout. With five wins in the last six games, Suns reached the .500 mark (25-25) for the first time since they won at Oklahoma City on Dec. 13 -- a day after their big trade with Orlando -- to even their record at 13-13. "I see a run coming together with this team," Phoenix forward  Channing Frye  said. "I think we just need to trust each other and understand what works and what doesn't Guys are stepping up, the second unit is getting used to each other and we are getting better defensively." Ask the Warriors, who have lost 11 straight times in Phoenix and managed an average of 90 points in a pair of losses over the last four days. "It was bad from the start, similar to the last game we played them," Golden State forward  David Lee  said. "We got outplayed at all five positions. They are very big in posting up our ones and twos to start the game and then they always seem to shoot well against us. ... and we never seem to play our best." Phoenix center  Marcin Gortat  offered a different take on the Warriors, who won in Denver on Wednesday and was playing back-to-back. "I don't think they wanted to play tonight," said. Frye led Phoenix with 17 points and 10 different Suns had at least six points.  Grant Hill  again shut down the league's third-leading scorer in  Monta Ellis  (25.4 points). Ellis had just eight points on 4-for-13 shooting. "I keep telling you guys that Grant Hill should be on the all-defensive team," Phoenix coach  Alvin Gentry  said. "The only reason people aren't talking about him is because of where we are record-wise" QUOTABLE:  "What time did the game start tonight?"   -- David Lee, when asked when he felt the game got away from the Warriors. THE STAT:  The Suns have now won 28 straight games at home against Pacific Division foes other than the Lakers (seven straight over the Clippers, 10 straight against the Kings and now 11 in a row over the Warriors). The last one of that trio to win at US Airways Center was April 17, 2007 when the Clippers won. The 11 straight losses in Phoenix for Golden State is one behind Denver's 12 straight losses but a lap behind Milwaukee, who has lost 23 in a row in Arizona, for the longest losing streak for Phoenix visitors. TURNING POINT:  The Suns led 45-39 with four minutes left in the second quarter before scoring 14 straight points and ending the half on a 20-3 run to -- punctuated by 3-pointers from  Steve Nash ,  Jared Dudley  and  Mickael Pietrus  and a dunk by Dudley to take a 65-42 lead to the dressing room. The lead never got below 18 points again. STAT II:  The Suns led by as many as 29 points in the game, which represents their largest lead of the season (it had been 25 points on two occasions. Phoenix also recorded its first 20-point-plus win of the season, its first since beating Denver 123-101 on April 13 of last year. NOTABLE:  The Suns have held opponents to an average of 90.2 points over their last six games, going 5-1 over that span. Over the last 11 games Phoenix has held opponents 42.3 percent shooting, third-best in the NBA behind only Miami and Boston. QUOTABLE II:  "I wanted to go outside and see if there were any pigs flying."    -- Channing Frye, after watching his teammate, the gravity-challenged teammate Jared Dudley swoop in for a dunk during a 14-0 run in the second quarter. NOTABLE II:  Nash made all three of his free throws, allowing him to ease past Warriors assistant  Mark Price  as the NBA's all-time leading free-throw percentage leader for the third time this season. Nash currently sits at .903916 (2,747-for-3,039) just ahead of Price (.903895). UP NEXT:  For the Warriors, Sunday vs. the Thunder, Tuesday vs. the Hornets and Feb. 16 @ Utah. For the Suns, Friday @ Utah, Sunday vs. Sacramento and Feb. 15 vs. the Jazz.  