Notebook: Knicks 105, Spurs 101 
 
 
 Tim Price, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Jan 03, 2014 12:52 AM - Updated Fri Jan 03, 2014 12:52 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Knicks lost three straight games while  Carmelo Anthony  was out with an ankle sprain, but his return Thursday against the Spurs produced a double-double and probably the biggest win this season for New York. 
 
 THE LEAD:   Carmelo Anthony  scored 27 points and had 12 rebounds as the New York Knicks surprised the San Antonio Spurs 105-101 at AT&T Center. 
 Equally important for the Knicks (10-21) were the career-high 27 points from  Iman Shumpert . His defensive assignment on  Tony Parker  (12 points, six less than his average) limited the Spurs (25-8) for much of the game. 
 Shumpert matched his career high when he knocked down a 26-foot 3-pointer to give New York a 3-point lead with 39 seconds to go. Following a 3 from  Marco Belinelli  (a career-high 32 points on 12-for-16 shooting), Shumpert broke the tie with a rebound tap-in of Anthony's missed 3 with 23 seconds left. Belinelli missed a 3 on the other end and Anthony made a pair of foul shots for the final margin. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "[Shumpert] saved us. He saved the day. Some big-time rebounds, some put backs. He's back to the old Shump that we fell in love with." 
 --  Carmelo Anthony 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Knicks shot the ball well across the floor. They finished 51 percent from the floor, almost 53 percent from 3-point territory, and went 18-for-20 from the foul line. The Spurs were 13-for-19 on free throws, in addition to shooting .481 from the floor and .438 from the 3-point arc. 
 
 THE STAT II:  The game-winning points for New York came on an offensive rebound, and the Knicks led 12-9 in second-chance points. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Spurs trailed 94-85 with 4:49 to go and then went on a 10-2 run to make it a close game, even pulling ahead 98-96 at the two-minute mark. But Anthony and Shumpert combined to score the Knicks' final nine points. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I think we played about 15 minutes as aggressively as they did. I thought they were more physical than we were. I thought we were very poor in that area. We should be embarrassed about how soft we played tonight." 
 -- Spurs coach  Gregg Popovich 
 
 
 HOT:  After struggling with his shot in the first four games he started at off guard (he was 1-for-11 shooting 3-pointers), Belinelli has gone 8-for-12 from the 3-point line the past two games. 
 
 NOT: Manu Ginobili  had a season-high 12 assists, but he went 1-for-6 from the 3-point line. D anny Green  was 0-for 5 from long distance. 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  This was Anthony's first double-double since Dec. 11, when he scored 30 points and had 11 rebounds in a win over Chicago. It's his 13th double-double this season. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  The formula for guarding Parker is to get a taller, longer player on him if you can pull it off. It's worked notably in the playoffs when Oklahoma City's  Thabo Sefalosha  was put on Parker in the 2012 Western Conference Finals and  LeBron James  spent time on Parker in last year's NBA Finals. Putting Shumpert on Parker opened up some things for Belinelli, but it didn't beat the Knicks. Parker shot 38 percent (he's a 50-percent shooter this season) and was limited to 12 points -- six under his average. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  It's a usual move for the Spurs to take out  Tim Duncan  late in the game if the matchups dictate him to sit when the opposing team has a collection of shooters on the floor. That said, Thursday night looked a whole lot like the infamous Game 6 of the NBA Finals last season when, with Duncan on the bench in the final seconds, James got a rebound and fired a pass to  Ray Allen  for a game-tying shot when the Spurs were on the cusp of winning the championship. This time, with Duncan on the bench because  Tyson Chandler  came off the floor for  Andrea Bargnani , the rebound chance went in the air off Anthony's missed 3-pointer. Shumpert had room to go high for the rebound and the tap-in follow and the game-winning basket with 23 seconds left. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:   Toure' Murry  played backup point guard and saw 15 minutes, going 2-for-3 from the field, including his only 3-pointer, for five points. He had two assists, two rebounds, two steals and no turnovers. 
 
 NOTABLE:  This was San Antonio's first loss against a team from the Atlantic Division (6-1 this season) and also the Spurs' first loss against a team with a losing record. ... Ginobili was called for a offensive foul on a high elbow that might have hit the face of  J.R. Smith  on a drive to the basket with 3:55 left in the game. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Friday @ Houston, Sunday @ Dallas, Tuesday vs. Detroit. For the Spurs, Saturday vs. Clippers, Tuesday @ Memphis, Wednesday vs. Dallas. 
