  Notebook: Jazz 94, Hornets 90   By Andrew Aragon, for NBA.com  Posted Tuesday January 3, 2012 12:38AM THE FACTS: Devin Harris  scored 19 points and hit the game's go-ahead basket with 1:57 remaining to lift the Utah Jazz to a 94-90 victory over the New Orleans Hornets on Monday night. Al Jefferson  scored a team-high 22 points and had six rebounds for the Jazz.  Josh Howard  and  C.J. Miles  each provided Utah with a spark off the bench. Howard had 13 points and Miles chipped in 11 points and four rebounds. Jarrett Jack  had 27 points, 11 assists and two blocked shots for the Hornets. QUOTABLE:  "It builds up the camaraderie of the team ... like guys getting together, pulling for each other, playing hard for each other. Being able to pull out a win just shows that we shouldn't be down in the first place -- we can beat these teams."  --  Jazz forward Miles on his team -- which is 2-0 at home and 0-3 in blowout losses on the road. THE STAT:  The Jazz dominated near the basket, and it was evidenced in two statistical categories. Utah had a 50-32 advantage in points in the paint, and a 14-2 edge in second-chance points. TURNING POINT:  A fortunate bounce indicated it was Utah's night. With the game tied at 86-86, Harris attempted a 3-pointer from the right wing. It hit the front of the rim, bounced a few feet in the air and dropped in with 1:57 remaining. A couple of possessions later, Harris missed a 3-pointer, but a hustling Howard tracked down the offensive board. Harris got the ball back and dished to a cutting  Paul Millsap , who got to the basket and dunked to make it 91-86. The Hornets didn't get closer than three points the rest of the way. QUOTABLE II:  "He's getting in better shape. He just wants to play. I love his energy, and I love his approach to the game. He's going to get better as he gets in better shape."  --  Jazz coach  Tyrone Corbin  on the play of Howard, who tore his ACL last February as a member of the Washington Wizards. HOT:  Hornets forward  Jason Smith  made his first four shots and scored 16 points. His season-high entering Monday's game was eight points. Jack followed up his worst game of the season (six points, eight turnovers against the Sacramento Kings on Sunday) with his best as Utah struggled to stop him throughout Monday's contest. Jack's 27 points and 11 assists were both season-highs. Jefferson was dominant in the third quarter, scoring 12 of his points on 6-for-10 shooting. His 22 points were a season-high. NOT:  The Hornets' offensive execution in crunch time was abysmal. Jack lost the ball out of bounds with New Orleans down 89-86 to waste a possession.  Marco Belinelli  committed an offensive foul with the Hornets trailing 91-88. The Hornets shot poorly in the fourth quarter (38.1 percent) and Belinelli was cold throughout the contest. He shot 2-for-9.. GOOD MOVE:  Corbin continues to tinker with his lineups and his rotation, and he's making the right calls -- at least in Utah's home games. He put rookie  Alec Burks  in the game before Miles in the first quarter, and both players responded. Burks played well, and Miles was solid in the second half after playing just three minutes in the first half. ROOKIE WATCH:  Burks, who played less than three minutes in Utah's previous two games, entered Monday's game late in the first quarter and played 10 minutes. He contributed on both offense and defense, and finished with five points and three rebounds. Jazz center  Enes Kanter  struggled late in the fourth quarter, but had four points and four rebounds for the Jazz. . NOTABLE:  Hornets starting forward  Trevor Ariza  suffered a groin strain in the third quarter and did not return. New Orleans has held each of its first five opponents to less than 100 points. Jazz backup guard  Earl Watson  had a season-high seven assists. Utah is 14-3 in its last 17 meetings with New Orleans. UP NEXT:  For the Hornets, Wednesday vs. 76ers, Friday vs. Nuggets, Saturday @ Dallas. For the Jazz, Tuesday vs. Bucks, Friday vs. Grizzlies, Saturday @ Golden State.  