  Cavaliers-Pacers notebook   By John Oehser, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday November 23, 2010 10:19PM THE FACTS:   Danny Granger  scored 24 points and  Darren Collison  added 18 as the Indiana Pacers followed an emotional Monday night in Miami with a wire-to-wire, 100-89 victory over the Cleveland Cavaliers at Conseco Fieldhouse in Indianapolis. The Pacers had beaten the Miami Heat, 93-77, Monday, and the primary issue for Indiana entering the game was, "Could they back it up?" The answer from the start was a decisive yes. Granger and Collison scored 13 points each as Indiana took a 62-37 lead at halftime. The Pacers led by as many as 34 in the third quarter. Reserves  Daniel Gibson  and  Ramon Sessions  led the Cavaliers with 15 points. Indiana (7-6) won for a third time in four games. The Cavaliers (5-8) lost their third consecutive game. QUOTABLE:  "This had to be a big win for us, because we came off of a good road game. It means nothing it you come back and lose."  --- Granger THE STAT:  The Pacers entered the game talking about the difference aggressiveness and hustle has made this season. They had taken 29 charges in the first 12 games, including five in a 16-point victory at Miami Monday. They took two Tuesday, with  James Posey,  Danny Granger each taking one in the first half as Indiana took control. TURNING POINT:  The Pacers controlled much of the first quarter, but Cleveland cut the lead to five and had a chance to cut it to two or three. Ramon Sessions missed a 10-foot jump shot with 5.9 seconds remaining. Pacers forward  Brandon Rush  rebounded, dribbled just past midcourt and hit a 3-point field goal at the buzzer to give Indiana a 24-16 lead. The Pacers got hot early in the second quarter and continued to pull away in the third. QUOTABLE II : "A really terrific 27 hours of basketball for us." ---  Pacers coach  Jim O'Brien HOT:  Rush, after missing the first five games of the season on an NBA-mandated suspension, continues to make an impact for the Pacers. A night after scoring a season-high 20 points and registering season-high seven rebounds and four assists in his second start of the season, Rush didn't start, but came off the bench and gave Indiana an early lift. He hit his first two jump shots from just inside 3-point range, and finished with 16 points and four rebounds. Rush has 16 20, 14 and 14 points in his last four games. NOT :  An t hony Parker  missed all five field goal attempts for the Cavaliers. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Collison missed three games last week with an ankle injury. He scored four points with three assists in his first game back Monday at Miami, but was critical Tuesday as the Pacers pulled away early. He had seven points in the first quarter and six in the second, finishing with 18 points, seven assists and six rebounds. GOOD MOVE:  Pacers coach Jim O'Brien moved  Mike Dunleavy  back into the starting lineup after starting Rush against Miami to take advantage of Rush against the Cavaliers' bench. Dunleavy scored seven points in the first half and Rush scored nine as the Pacers jumped to a 25-point lead. NOTABLE:  The Pacers were coming off perhaps their biggest victory in recent memory, having beaten the Miami Heats, 93-77, in Miami Monday. The victory understandably created a bit of buzz around Indianapolis, to which Pacers coach Jim O'Brien said, "Buzz is great. It's just not something I'm into." . . . After starting flat in recent losses at New Orleans and San Antonio, Cavaliers coach Byron Scott inserted Joey Graham into the lineup at forward over Jamario Moon. . . . . . Pacers center Roy Hibbert sustained a third-quarter head injury and did not return. . . . The Pacers have held their last four opponents under 100 points. UP NEXT:  For the Cavaliers, Wednesday vs. Milwaukee, Friday @ Orlando, Saturday vs. Memphis. For the Pacers, Friday vs. Oklahoma City, Sunday @ Los Angeles Lakers, Tuesday @ Sacramento.  