Notebook: Grizzlies 110, Suns 91 
 
 
 Marlon Morgan, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Dec 04, 2013 12:04 AM - Updated Wed Dec 04, 2013 12:04 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  Memphis shot 54.8 percent from the floor and is now 20-1 dating back to the start of last season when shooting 50 percent or better from the field. 
 
 THE LEAD:  The Memphis Grizzlies were playing again without center  Marc Gasol  and forward  Zach Randolph . But you wouldn't have known it from the production of their frontcourt. Memphis (9-8) starters  Ed Davis  and  Kosta Koufos  posted Randolph and Gasol-like double-doubles, and  Jon Leuer  added a career night off the bench with a near double-double as the Grizzlies snapped a four-game home losing streak with a 110-91 win over Phoenix.  
 Davis scored 21 points to go with 12 rebounds, while Koufos had 14 points and 12 boards. Leuer added a career-high 23 points and tied his career high with nine rebounds.  Marcus Morris  came off the bench to lead the Suns (9-9) in scoring with 18 points. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We know with Marc and Zach out, obviously it's going to be a tough loss for us. Those are two guys that are a huge part of this team. When they go down, everybody else has to step up. That's what we were able to do tonight."  
 
 -- Grizzlies' forward Jon Leuer 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Grizzlies had all five starters and seven players overall score in double figures. It is the first time all five starters scored in double figures since Nov. 9 against Golden State. The last time the Grizzlies had seven players score in double figures was March 23, 2013 against Boston.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  After allowing the Suns to shoot 63.6 percent in the second quarter and take a 54-46 lead into the half, the Grizzlies reverted back to their stingy defensive ways in the second half. Memphis held Phoenix to 36.8-percent shooting in the third and fourth quarters, while it heated up, offensively, shooting 69.6 percent in the third and 62.5 percent in the fourth. 
 
 HOT:  To say that Leuer was feeling it would be an understatement. Leuer was hitting from all over the court as he made 10 of his 13 shot attempts, both career highs for the 6-foot-10 forward out of Wisconsin. Leuer also was 1-for-2 from 3-point range and was one rebound shy of his first career double-double. Leuer also had three blocked shots on the night. 
 
 NOT:  It was a tough shooting night for Phoenix guard  Gerald Green , who was replaced in the starting lineup by  Eric Bledsoe . Green missed 7 of his 8 shot attempts, which included going 1-for-7 from 3-point range. He finished with six points, eight shy of his season average. 
 
 QUOTABLE II : "The second half was terrible. We have to be able to fight over screens. We have to get after it. We let their guy just shove you in the back. If we have no more fight then that, what else can you do? ... They scored 65 in the second half. You're not going to beat anybody when you give up 65 points in a half."  
 
 -- Phoenix coach  Jeff Hornacek 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  Randolph missed his second straight game after having an ingrown toenail removed on Saturday. The team's second-leading scorer and top rebounder is listed as day-to-day. ... Davis' 21 points were his most since joining the Grizzlies last February. He tied his career highs with eight field goals and 11 field goal attempts. ... Grizzlies guard  Mike Conley  was efficient, scoring 18 points while dishing out 14 assists, one shy of tying his career high. Conley has had double-doubles in three of his last four games. In those games, he has 43 assists and just four turnovers. ... The Grizzlies are now 4-5 at FedExForum this season and remain the only Western Conference team with a better road record (5-3) than home record. ... One game after scoring a career-high 22 points against Brooklyn Saturday, Memphis forward  Quincy Pondexter  did not play against Phoenix. Against the Nets, Pondexter gave coach  Dave Joerger  several glaring stares after he scored. Pondexter, who was awarded a contract extension prior to the start of the season, had not played in the previous two games. Prior to Tuesday's game, Joerger said he addressed the matter with Pondexter, but would not elaborate.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Suns, Wednesday @ Houston, Friday vs. Toronto, Tuesday @ L.A. Lakers. For the Grizzlies, Thursday vs. L.A. Clippers, Saturday vs. Golden State, Monday vs. Orlando.  
