Notebook: Nuggets 101, Thunder 88 
 
 
 Michael Kelly, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Jan 10, 2014 2:52 AM - Updated Fri Jan 10, 2014 4:55 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  Guard  Randy Foye  established his season high in points for the second consecutive game. 
 
 THE LEAD:  Foye scored 24 points and hit six 3-pointers,  Ty Lawson  had 16 points and 14 assists and the Denver Nuggets (18-17) jumped out to a big lead and beat the Oklahoma City Thunder 101-88 on Thursday night. 
 
 Evan Fournier  came off the bench to score 19 for the Nuggets, who have followed an eight-game skid by winning four straight. 
 
 Kevin Durant  scored 30 points, half from the foul line, for the Thunder (27-9), who have dropped two straight. 
 
 QUOTABLE : "It opens up. Once guys start making shots things open up. I think I could have walked in there and got a dunk. When you make shots everything opens up."  --  Foye, on his team's outside shooting. 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Nuggets outscored the Thunder 42-18 from 3-point range. They hit 14-for-31 from deep while the Thunder missed their first 10 shots from behind the arc.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Nuggets led by 11 midway through the third quarter when they started hurting the Thunder from long range. Foye hit a 3, Fournier followed with another and Foye finished off a 9-0 run with his fourth of the game to make it 81-61. It was academic after that. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "They made 14 out of 31 3s tonight. A team that goes 14-for-31 from the trey is hard to beat."  --  Durant 
 
 
 HOT:  Foye has been a catalyst for Denver's winning streak. The eighth-year veteran is averaging 18.5 points in the four wins and has shown a confidence he hasn't displayed all season.  
 
 NOT:  The Thunder -- minus Durant. Late in the third quarter he had half the team's points and no other Oklahoma City player scored in double figures until  Reggie Jackson  hit two free throws with 2:56 left in the period. Jackson finished with 13 points and  Derek Fisher  had 12, all in the fourth quarter when Denver was in complete control. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "Today they were sitting there and watching me. I take full responsibility. As the leader you take the good and the bad." --  Durant, on his teammates 
 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Lawson has benefitted from more minutes since the Nuggets went to a shorter rotation. He had his fifth straight double-double and continues to make a case to make his first All-Star team.  
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Nuggets coach  Brian Shaw  tapped second-year player  Quincy Miller  to start at the small forward position opposite Durant. Miller held his own, playing able defense against the NBA's leading scorer while scoring nine. 
 
 QUOTABLE IV:  "He was a little nervous at the beginning of the game. He looked tired about a minute and a half into the game. He had adrenaline and butterflies. He was thrown into that situation where you go from not really playing at all to starting."  --  Shaw, on Miller 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  Nuggets  Wilson Chandler  did not play due to a left groin strain. He is day-to-day. ... Oklahoma City forward  Serge Ibaka  returned to the lineup after missing a game with flu-like symptoms. ...  Kenneth Faried  tied a season-high with 14 rebounds and  J.J. Hickson  had 12 for the Nuggets....Durant had 30 points, but the other four starters had 31 points combined....Lawson has registered double-digit assists in five straight games, the longest streak of his career....Foye has scored at least 20 points in three straight games. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Thunder, Saturday vs. Milwaukee, Tuesday @ Memphis, Thursday @ Houston. For the Nuggets, Saturday vs. Orlando, Monday @ Utah, Wednesday @ Golden State. 
