
 Rockets-Cavaliers notebook   By Brian Dulik, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday February 23, 2011 10:44PM THE FACTS:  Small forward  Chase Budinger  scored a career-high 30 points off the bench, propelling the Houston Rockets to a 124-119 win over the Cleveland Cavaliers. Shooting guard  Kevin Martin  also had 30 points for Houston, while power forward  Chuck Hayes  collected 12 points and a season-best 17 rebounds. The Rockets won the battle of the boards by a 57-37 margin. QUOTABLE:  "We knew they weren't a shot-blocking team, so we tried to attack the rim as much as possible. When [defenders] started coming over to help, we got a lot of good looks at the basket."   -- Houston forward Chase Budinger. THE STAT:  The Rockets grabbed 22 offensive rebounds, which they turned into 27 second-chance points. Hayes set Quicken Loans Arena records for offensive boards in a quarter (nine in the first) and a game (13) -- establishing a career high in the latter category. "Chuck was huge on the boards," Houston coach  Rick Adelman  said. "He got us so many second chances on the glass right from the start." TURNING POINT:  Budinger and Martin combined to score the Rockets' final 24 points over the last 7:41. Their two-man onslaught initially kept the Cavaliers from regaining the lead and eventually extended Houston's advantage to 10 points. "Chase pretty much saved us tonight," Hayes said. "He was great off the bench." QUOTABLE II:  "I was just trying to stay active and help out my team. When my man kept leaving me in the first half, I was able to freelance a lot and just go after the ball."   -- Rockets forward Chuck Hayes. QUOTABLE III:  "We did a terrible job of boxing out and a terrible job of pursuing the ball."   -- Cleveland coach  Byron Scott. HOT:  Budinger poured in 17 of his points in the second half as the Rockets outscored Cleveland 63-54. The University of Arizona product shot 5-for-9 from the floor, including 2-for-5 beyond the arc, and was 5-for-6 from the foul line after intermission. Budinger added a season-best tying eight rebounds. NOT:  Houston point guards  Kyle Lowry  and  Aaron Brooks  misfired on 17 of their 22 shots in exactly 48 combined minutes. Both players also were called for technical fouls in the fourth quarter and were savaged for 41 points and 17 assists by Cavaliers counterparts  Ramon Sessions  and  Manny Harris . GOOD MOVE:  Cleveland coach Byron Scott removed starting center  J.J. Hickson  from the game for good with 3:51 left in the third. Hickson, who played very well going into the NBA All-Star break, was lethargic offensively with four points and a non-factor on the glass with three rebounds. "In the second half, I wasn't getting what I needed from him, so I went with the other guys," Scott said. BAD MOVE:  The Rockets allowed the Cavaliers to go 13-for-22 on 3-pointers, continually leaving their top shooters open on the perimeter.  Anthony Parker  made four treys, while  Jamario Moon  and Harris buried three apiece. "This was more of a wide-open game," Adelman said. "We just didn't defend in the first half. Fortunately, we scored a lot ourselves." NOTABLE:  Starting in place of the injured  Mo Williams , Sessions had 20 points and a game-high 12 assists. He did, however, make a critical turnover in the final minute that led to a Martin fast-break dunk. ... Undrafted rookie Harris had 21 points, nine rebounds, five assists and one turnover in 26 strong minutes off the bench for Cleveland. ... The Cavaliers are 2-3 on their ongoing eight-game homestand. ... The Rockets improved to 29-28 all-time in Cleveland. ... The 243 combined points matched the Quicken Loans Arena record for a regulation game. UP NEXT:  For the Rockets, Saturday vs. New Jersey, Sunday at New Orleans, Tuesday at Portland. For the Cavaliers, Friday vs. New York, Sunday vs. Philadelphia, Wednesday vs. San Antonio. 
