  Magic-Cavaliers notebook   By Brian Dulik, for NBA.com Posted Monday March 21, 2011 11:08PM THE FACTS:  Orlando center  Dwight Howard  was a one-man wrecking crew, amassing 28 points, 18 rebounds, four assists, four steals and four blocked shots as the Magic cruised to a 97-86 victory over the Cleveland Cavaliers. Howard was 9-for-11 from the field and 10-for-12 from the line in 42 minutes. Orlando led by 26 points late in the third quarter before Cleveland made a cosmetic comeback. QUOTABLE:  "There's no doubt about it, (Howard) is a great player and an All-Star caliber player. Once he sits in that paint, it's hard to move him out. With his size and athleticism, it's just tough."   -- Cavaliers center  J.J. Hickson. THE STAT:  In the first half, Howard and Magic power forward  Brandon Bass  combined to score 30 points -- on 12-for-12 shooting -- and grab 15 rebounds. Both players would go on to make their first nine field goal attempts, finishing the night a combined 18-for-21 (85.7 percent). "(Cleveland) didn't want to take a body off Dwight, so Brandon was able to get to the rim," Orlando coach  Stan Van Gundy  said. QUOTABLE II:  "I was just pickin' and rollin', and I got some easy baskets. I basically just took advantage of my opportunities and tried to finish."   -- Orlando forward  Brandon Bass . TURNING POINT : Howard had three dunks in the first 5:45, while Bass added one as Orlando went ahead for good at 11-9. By the end of the second quarter, each big man had racked up four slams apiece against the Cavaliers' overmatched post players. "When you get some easy baskets, it always builds confidence, especially early on," Bass said. HOT:  Bass made mid-range jumpers and power hoops in a 9-for-10 shooting exhibition. He also had six boards, two steals, and delivered five meaningful fouls when Cleveland attempted to drive down the lane. "Brandon played with tremendous energy and was really rolling hard on pick-and-rolls," Van Gundy said. NOT:  Cavaliers starting small forward  Alonzo Gee  and shooting guard  Anthony Parker  laid plenty of bricks in missing 13 of their 17 shots, including all four 3-point attempts. Cleveland coach  Byron Scott  reacted after the game by threatening to make lineup changes. "I am thinking about it as we speak," he said. QUOTABLE III:  "It's really hard for an organization like the Cavaliers to judge what they have right now. On bad teams, somebody is going to score. It's hard to know if those guys are actually going to help you win games."   -- Van Gundy. GOOD MOVE:  Magic small forward  Hedo Turkoglu  and point guard  Jameer Nelson  eschewed taking shots from the perimeter, instead pounding the ball inside to Howard and Bass. Turkoglu had a game-high nine assists with one turnover, while Nelson made a run at a triple-double with eight points, six rebounds and eight helpers. BAD MOVE:  Cavaliers power forward  Samardo Samuels  repeatedly tried to score against Howard in back-down plays. The result? A game-high five turnovers and 2-for-7 shooting in 19 minutes. "If guys aren't playing as hard as I think they can play or should play, then I'll take them out and put the second-unit guys in there," Scott said. NOTABLE:  Magic guard  Gilbert Arenas  (sore left knee) struggled in his return to action with five points and four turnovers. ... Hickson led Cleveland with 18 points, while guard  Daniel Gibson  had 16 points and six assists off the bench. ... Gibson had 12 points in the fourth quarter and  Christian   Eyenga  added 10 as the Cavaliers made the final score look closer than the game was. ... Cleveland needs three wins in its final 13 games to avoid finishing with the worst record in franchise history. ... The Cavaliers forced 20 Orlando turnovers, one shy of their season high. UP NEXT:  For the Magic, Wednesday @ New York, Friday vs. New Jersey, March 28 @ New York. For the Cavaliers, Wednesday vs. New Jersey, Friday vs. Detroit, Sunday vs. Atlanta.  