Notebook: Nets 93, Bulls 89 
 
 
 Jake Appleman, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Feb 01, 2013 11:37 PM - Updated Fri Feb 01, 2013 11:37 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:  Excellent fourth quarters from  Andray Blatche  and  MarShon Brooks  carried the Nets past the undermanned Bulls, 93-89, at Barclays Center. Five Nets scored in double figures, including  Brook Lopez  who had 20.  Marco Belinelli  and  Luol Deng  led the Bulls with 18 points apiece. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I just try to be solid, try to be solid, not try to force the issue, try to be solid and be decisive. When I get in trouble, that's when I think too much."  -  Brooks. 
 
 
 THE STAT:   Brooks, Blatche and  C.J. Watson  combined for 25 points off the Nets' bench in the fourth quarter.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  Two shots from Brooks to open the fourth quarter -- one of them a 3-pointer -- spurred a 16-6 run, turning a four-point deficit into a six-point advantage.   
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "It's day-to-day. We want them to get healthy. Once they get healthy, they'll be back playing, but we can't wait on them."  --  Bulls coach  Tom Thibodeau , on his team missing  Carlos Boozer ,  Joakim Noah  and  Kirk Hinrich . 
 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA: Allison Barlow  won two tickets to every event at Barclays Center for a year after being the arena's millionth guest. She was honored at center court with Nets owner  Mikahil Prokhorov  and Barclays Center developer  Bruce Ratner .  
 
 ROOKIE WATCH: Marquis Teague  went scoreless in six minutes of action.  
 
 NOTABLE: Deron Williams  rolled his ankle late in the second quarter and had to be taken to the locker room. He returned at the beginning of the second half. .... Wallace knocked over referee  Bennett Salvatore  immediately following a jump ball and then committed foul on the ensuing possession. ... Brooklyn native  Taj Gibson  put up 16 points and nine rebounds. ... The victory snapped the Bulls' 14-game road winning streak on Fridays. ... The Bulls shot 1-14 from distance.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Saturday @ Atlanta, Monday @ Indiana, Wednesday @ Denver. For the Nets, Tuesday vs. L.A. Lakers, Wednesday @ Detroit, Friday @ Washington.  
