  Rockets-Kings notebook   By Jimmy Spencer, for NBA.com Posted Sunday December 19, 2010 9:25PM THE FACTS: Kevin Martin  came back to haunt the building he called home for the first five-and-a-half seasons of his career. Martin, who was traded from Sacramento to Houston last season, scored a game-high 22 points as the Rockets defeated the Kings 102-93 on Sunday evening. QUOTABLE : "Our motivation is to win and try to make it to the playoffs. I don't have any grudges against Sacramento. I loved my time here. There are no hard feelings here."  -- Rockets guard  Kevin Martin THE STAT : The Rockets outscored the Kings 23-12 in the fourth quarter. TURNING POINT:  The Kings' offense kept up with the Rockets through most of the game, but went cold in the fourth quarter. The Kings scored just four points in the final nine minutes of the game, after Sacramento took an 89-86 lead at the 9:11 mark of the fourth quarter. QUOTABLE II:  "Do you think that's what I drew up? I'm not trying to be flip about it but we're not exactly executing precisely. ... For whatever reason we're not executing the plays the way that we are supposed to execute them or the way we did in the first three quarters. It's not happening in the fourth quarter and that's a concern."    -- Kings coach  Paul Westphal  on his team's offensive execution  ROOKIE WATCH:  There was talk before the game that Sacramento's 6-foot-11 center  DeMarcus Cousins  might not play because of a sore right ankle and a sore right wrist. Cousins started and played 28 minutes, scoring 19 points and grabbing eight rebounds. Always fighting against foul trouble, Cousins committed just two personal fouls on the night. INSIDE THE ARENA:  It was old school versus new school midway through the fourth quarter when Cousins powered through former Kings center  Brad Miller  on a successful offensive move in the paint. After the move, Cousins was talking and smiling as he trotted back on defense. That next trip down the court, Miller missed on the offensive end and then picked up a cheap foul slapping at Cousins' shoulder. GOOD MOVE:  The Rockets defense collapsed into help and forced bad shots for the Kings down the stretch, holding Sacramento to 27.8 percent from the field in the fourth quarter. BAD MOVE:  The Kings had a good thing going in the post, feeding the ball to Cousins deep in the lane and watching the rookie finish strong. But the team stopped consistently feeding the big man, settling for poor offensive possessions instead. NOTABLE: Aaron Brooks  returned to the court for the first time since he injured his left ankle on Nov. 6. Brooks came off the bench for nine points and one assist in 15 minutes. UP NEXT:  For the Rockets, Monday  @ Golden State, Wednesday @ Clippers, Monday, 27th vs. Washington. For the Kings, Tuesday vs. Golden State, Thursday vs. Milwaukee, Monday, 27th, vs. Clippers.  