
 Wizards-Jazz notebook   By Rich Dubroff, for NBA.com Posted Monday January 17, 2011 5:59PM THE FACTS: Nick Young  had 25 points?22 of them in the second half,  John Wall  scored 19 and had a career-high 15 assists, and  Andray Blatche  had 21 and 11 rebounds to lead the Washington Wizards to a 108-101 win over the Utah Jazz on Monday afternoon. It was the Wizards second straight win?the first time they've done that, and their fourth straight at home. It's also the first time they've beaten a team with a winning record. Utah had a three-game winning streak broken. They were led by  Deron Williams , who had 28 points and 11 assists.  Al Jefferson  had 25 points and 10 rebounds. It was the first meeting between Williams and Wall. QUOTABLE:  "I get a fine every time I pout or show frustration on the court. I don't want to lose that money."   -- Wall on Wizards' coaches threatening to fine him when he loses his temper during games. THE STAT:  Washington outrebounded Utah 44-33. Besides Blatche's 11,  JaVale McGee  had 11 and  Rashard Lewis  had eight. TURNING POINT:  After the Jazz took a 43-42 lead in the first minute of the second half, the Wizards outscored them 29-15 to lead 73-58 with 3:39 to play in the third quarter. Lewis scored all 13 of his points in the third quarter?12 of them in that stretch. QUOTABLE II:  "He's one of the fastest, quickest guys, and he gets out and runs. He's a smart point guard. It's not like he's just a scoring point guard. He knows how to get others involved. You can tell he has a high basketball IQ. He's going to be in this league for a long time, and be one of the top point guards for a long time."   - -Williams on playing against Wall for the first time. HOT:  Young continues his torrid streak. He had a career-high 43 points against Sacramento last Tuesday, and 29 against Toronto on Saturday. In between, he had 15 in Minnesota, but that was on the road. At home, he's nearly unstoppable. NOT:  Utah's  Paul Millsap , who entered the game shooting nearly 55 percent and averaging 17.6, was just 4-for-13 from the field. He finished with 11. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Young continues his Verizon Center scorching streak. If you could find a way to buy him just for home games, that might be an outstanding pickup. GOOD MOVE:  The Wizards finding Young in the second half. He had just three points in the first half, and coach  Flip Saunders  chided them for not finding him. In the second half, they did. Saunders said that Young has been showing improvement all season long -- even before the Dec. 18 trade of Gilbert Arenas to Orlando. "I thought he was playing better than Gilbert," Saunders said. BAD MOVE:  The NBA for scheduling the first game of a five-game road trip for the Jazz at 1 P.M. Eastern time?11 A.M. body time for Utah. It was the Jazz's first afternoon game of the season. ROOKIE WATCH:  Besides Wall's terrific game, not much to talk about. Washington F  Trevor Booker  played a scoreless 36 seconds. Utah F  Jeremy Evans  didn't score in two minutes, and F  Gordon Hayward  missed the game with a sinus infection. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Former Wizards coach  Eddie Jordan  was a pre-game visitor, chatting with Saunders, the Wizards' current coach. Jordan, who was fired 11 games into his sixth season, was let go by Philadelphia after his one season, 2009-10. Saunders and Jordan are two of the 11 coaches the Wizards have had in the time  Jerry Sloan  has coached the Jazz. NOTABLE:  The Jazz fell to 14-3 against Eastern Conference teams and end the first half with a 27-14 record. They started the game tied with Oklahoma City for the Northwest Division lead. UP NEXT:  For the Jazz: Wednesday @ Nets, Friday @ Celtics, Saturday @ Sixers. For the Wizards: Wednesday @ Bucks, Friday vs. Suns, Saturday vs. Celtics 
