  Notebook: Wizards 108, Nets 89 Posted Wednesday March 21, 2012 10:56PM By Adam Figman, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  No coach, no superstar point guard, no problem? Well, false: definitely a problem. Both  Deron Williams  and  Avery Johnson  were given two technical fouls for arguing with the referees and ejected (Williams first, then Johnson seconds later) with 5:18 remaining in the third quarter, and what slight momentum the Nets were carrying was drained from there out, as they lost 108-89 at home to the Washington Wizards. Newly acquired center  Nene  made his debut with Washington, and the big man performed well, putting in 22 points and grabbing 10 rebounds. Five Wizards -- Nene,  Jordan Crawford ,  Roger Mason ,  Kevin Seraphin  and  John Wall  -- scored in double figures in what evolved in the second half into an easy win. QUOTABLE:  "I thought that was probably our most complete game as a team this year. ... Everybody contributed. Sometimes people say the team wins. This truly was a team effort. Everybody that played tonight was positive out there, and that is fun."   -- Wizards coach  Randy Wittman THE STAT:  16-for-38: the Nets' conversion rate in the painted area. For comparison's sake: The Wizards were 24-for-43 in there, scoring 18 more points off only five more attempts. TURNING POINT:  After Johnson and Williams' ejections, the Wizards turned their energy up a few notches, building on then-eight-point lead until they were up 15 early in the fourth. The Nets would cut that back to single digits, but never regained the drive needed to make things competitive once again. HOT:  Crawford, who was more than willing to take full advantage of the Nets' weak perimeter defense. The shooting guard dropped in 23 points off 7-for-13 shooting. NOT:  Nets rookie  MarShon Brooks ' late-season slide continues. The swingman went for 8 points off a mere 2-for-9 from the field and 0-for-3 from behind the 3-point line. QUOTABLE II:  "It all started with a drive to the basket. We had a little bit of a disagreement on two eight-second violations in the backcourt, and I think it just kind of precipitated."   -- Nets coach Avery Johnson, on what took place before he and Williams were ejected GOOD MOVE:  Before the game, Wittman said he planned to throw Nene right into the rotation, and the Brazilian backed up his coach's confidence during his first action with his new squad. Along with his 22 and 10, the big man also had two assists and one block. BAD MOVE:  Safe to say the decisions made by Johnson and Williams to confront the refs after a couple of questionable calls were certainly a poor one. NOTABLE:  This was the first time Avery Johnson was tossed from a contest this season, and his second since the Nets hired him. He was also thrown out of a tilt on Feb. 2, 2011 against the Philadelphia 76ers. ... Deron Williams' ejection was the second of his career. He left the Prudential Center without speaking to the media for the second consecutive game. UP NEXT:  For the Nets, Friday @ Atlanta, Saturday vs. Charlotte, Monday vs. Utah. For the Wizards, Thursday vs. Indiana, Saturday vs. Atlanta, Sunday @ Boston.  