  Knicks-Nuggets notebook   By Michael Kelly, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday November 17, 2010 1:01AM THE FACTS:   Carmelo Anthony  had 26 points and nine rebounds and the Denver Nuggets held off a late rally by New York to hand the Knicks their sixth straight loss, 120-118, on Monday.  Amar'e Stoudemire  led the Knicks with 24 points. QUOTABLE:  "Pretty much me and him played chess and canceled each other out." --  Stoudemire, on his and Anthony's performance. THE STAT:  The teams combined for 59 personal fouls and 80 free throws, and neither team shot well from the stripe. Denver hit 66 percent from the foul line and the Knicks 69.7 percent. TURNING POINT:  After blowing a 16-point second half lead,  Chauncey Billups  took charge. Tied at 109, he hit a fade-away jumper to put Denver ahead and then fed  Nene  on a pick-and-roll for an easy dunk that gave the Nuggets a four-point lead with 1:37 left. QUOTABLE II:  "I never thought about that tonight. Not even once."    -- Anthony, on whether or not trade rumors sending him to the Knicks went through his mind during the game. HOT:  With  J.R. Smith  in the doghouse for showing up late for shootaround Monday morning, rookie  Gary Forbes  made the most of extra playing time. Forbes hit his first four shots and finished 8-for-13 and scored a season-high 19 points off the bench. He missed his first double-double by one rebound. NOT:  Knicks forward  Ronny Turiaf  looked rusty in playing for the first time in four games. Turiaf missed three games with a sprained left knee but didn't have much impact against the Nuggets. He missed his only shot attempt and fouled out after playing 13 minutes. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Knicks guard  Landry Fields  came into Tuesday's game averaging 9.9 points and 5.7 rebounds and obliterated those numbers, finishing with 21 points and 17 rebounds. GOOD MOVE:  Anthony brought the crowd to its feet with his playmaking midway through the second half. Anthony led a fastbreak and gave Nene a no-look pass for an easy dunk. ROOKIE WATCH:  Knicks center  Timofey Mozgov  had more fouls (three) than shot attempts (one) in the first half, which is one reason the Nuggets shot 24 free throws before intermission. NOTABLE:   George Karl  won his 992nd game as an NBA coach and is on pace to become the seventh coach in league history to eclipse the 1,000 milestone. He is fourth among active coaches on the all-time wins list. UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Wednesday @ Sacramento, Friday @ Golden State, Saturday @ L.A. Clippers. For the Nuggets, Thursday @ Portland, Saturday vs. New Jersey, Monday @ Phoenix.  