Notebook: Grizzlies 89, Lakers 86 
 
 
 Dan Arritt, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Nov 16, 2013 2:20 AM - Updated Sat Nov 16, 2013 2:20 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Lakers fell to 4-7 with the loss to the Grizzlies, their worst record through the first 11 games since opening 3-8 in 2002-03. 
 
 THE LEAD:  Memphis forward  Zach Randolph  took over in the fourth quarter Friday night, scoring 14 of his 28 points in the final 12 minutes as the Grizzlies escaped with an 89-86 victory against the Lakers at Staples Center. 
 
 THE STAT:  Randolph scored 12 of the final 14 points for Memphis, which outscored the Lakers, 26-20, in the fourth quarter. 
 
 QUOTABLE:   "Zach Randolph had a big night and was a go-to guy for us, but  Marc [Gasol]  made shots when we needed them." --  Grizzlies coach  Dave Joerger. 
 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Lakers lost a three-point lead to start the fourth quarter but  Jodie Meeks  drew them back within one with his fifth 3-pointer of the game with 1:20 remaining. After a pair of missed 3-pointers on the other end by  Tayshaun Prince , Lakers point guard  Steve Blake  had a good look at the basket but missed a 20-footer.  Jordan Hill  grabbed the offensive rebound but Randolph ripped the ball loose. Memphis recovered and called time out. Randolph took the inbound pass and made a nice drive and scoop shot to extend the lead to three with 16 seconds left and Blake missed another good look coming out of a timeout, this time a 3-pointer from in front of the Grizzlies bench with 12 seconds left. Randolph then clinched the win with two free throws on the other end. 
 
 HOT:  Randolph finished 11-for-18 from the floor while producing his season-high point total.  Tony Allen  carried the Grizzlies early and finished 6-for-6 from the floor with 12 points. Marc Gasol also had a great all-around game, finishing with 18 points, eight rebounds and eight assists to outplay his brother,  Pau Gasol , who had 10 points, 13 rebounds and three assists for the Lakers. The hottest player for L.A. was Meeks, who scored a season-high 25 points on 10-for-16 shooting, including 5-for-9 from 3-point range. 
 
 NOT:  The darling of the season opener for the Lakers was  Xavier Henry , who came off the bench to score a team-high 22 points in that surprising win against the Clippers. But it has been all downhill since then for Henry, who was originally drafted 12th overall by the Grizzlies in 2010. He missed both field-goal attempts and went scoreless in a season-low seven minutes against Memphis. He entered the game with 4:18 left in the first quarter, air-balled an 11-foot running hook and then threw a pass to a fan in the front row seats later in the quarter. He closed the quarter by missing a wide-open 20-footer and only played two minutes the rest of the game. Henry and the remaining L.A. reserves combined to shoot 0-for-9 from the floor in the first quarter.   
 
 GOOD MOVE:  You got the feeling it was going to be a good night for Randolph when he was credited for a basket while just trying to grab a loose ball. With the Grizzlies leading, 16-11, midway through the opening quarter,  Mike Conley  missed a 3 for Memphis and Randolph battled Pau Gasol for the rebound. As both players swiped at the ball, it caromed up toward the rim and fell in for an 18-11 lead, the biggest lead of opening quarter for the Grizzlies. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:   "We didn't make every shot, but we got stops when we needed them, and I think it got us going on the right foot."  --  Conley . 
 
 
 BAD MOVE:  The Lakers looked to be finished after Randolph made two free throws with eight seconds left to extend the lead to five. The Lakers called a 20-second timeout anyway and inbounded the ball to  Nick Young  beyond the 3-point line and in front of the Memphis bench. For some reason, Prince decided to challenge the shot and ended up fouling Young with six seconds left. Young made the first two free throws to cut the deficit to three and then intentionally missed the third in hopes of getting the rebound. Conley was able to secure the ball, however, and run out the clock, saving Prince from a major goof.  
 
 NOTABLE:  Lakers guard  Kobe Bryant , still recovering from a torn Achilles tendon suffered last April, received a standing ovation when came on the floor in his warm-ups during a break in play as the Lakers donated $150,000 to the Philippine Red Cross in the wake of the disastrous storm that hit earlier this week.  ... For the first time in history, three sets of brothers went head-to-head in NBA games; the Gasols,  Cody Zeller  of the Bobcats and  Tyler Zeller  of the Cavaliers and  Mason Plumlee  of the Nets and  Miles Plumlee  of the Suns. ...  Quincy Pondexter  of the Grizzlies returned after missing a game with a broken nose and had six points and six rebounds while wearing a protective mask. ... The Lakers played before a sellout crowd one game after their sellout streak ended at 270 games. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Sunday vs. Detroit, Friday vs. Golden State, Sunday vs. Sacramento. For the Grizzlies, Sunday @ Sacramento, Monday @ L.A. Clippers, Wednesday @ Golden State.  
