  Spurs-Trail Blazers notebook   By Kerry Eggers, for NBA.com Posted Saturday March 26, 2011 1:30AM THE FACTS: Nicolas Batum  converted a lob pass from  Andre Miller  for a basket as time expired to give Portland an improbable 98-96 victory over San Antonio Friday night at the Rose Garden. Batum had sank a pair of free throws with 0.9 seconds to tie the game at 96-96 for the Trail Blazers, who trailed 96-90 after the Spurs'  Manu Ginobili  sank a 3-pointer with 1:21 remaining. After Batum's free throws and two timeouts, San Antonio threw the ball out of bounds, giving Portland (42-30) a chance to win in regulation. Batum and Miller each scored 21 points for Portland, while Ginobili had 21 points and seven assists for the Spurs (57-15). QUOTABLE:  "We work on special situations as much as we can in practice. That's the last-second play we've had. It was executed perfect. Miller threw the right pass and put it right in front of the rim, and all Nic had to do was catch it and put it in the hole."   --  Portland coach  Nate McMillan . THE STAT:  Portland scored four points in the final .9 of a second to go from two points behind to two points ahead. That doesn't happen often. TURNING POINT:  Two last-minute steals gave the Blazers a chance to win ? by Miller from  Tony Parker , setting up Miller's driving layup to close San Antonio's lead to 96-94 with 30.2 seconds left, then  Wesley Matthews'  pick of Ginobili with 7.9 seconds to go. Matthews' driving layup was blocked, but Batum was fouled on a follow shot to set up the game-knotting free throws. QUOTABLE II:  "There are a lot of things that happen in games, and down the stretch is the most important time. We turned it over twice in a row with a four-point lead and the ball. That was the ballgame."   --  San Antonio coach  Gregg Popovich. HOT:  San Antonio rookie  Tiago Splitter  made all five of his shots from the field and had 11 points and seven rebounds in 23 minutes. NOT:  After making 12 of their first 15 shots of the game, the Spurs converted only 8 of their final 27 attempts in the half and saw an 11-point lead shrink to two at halftime. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Miller filled up the boxscore with 21 points, eight assists, six rebounds, four steals and only two turnovers in 37 minutes. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Rose Garden denizens partied like it was 1999 -- or Mardis Gras, maybe -- in celebration after Batum's game-winning bucket. GOOD MOVE:  After a turnover gave Portland the ball with .9 of a second left, McMillan called for the play in which Miller threw a lob pass to Batum, who had faked a cut outside, then dived to the basket. It couldn't have worked more perfectly. BAD MOVE:  With the score tied 96-96 and .9 of a second remaining, Popovich inserted  Steve Novak  -- who had played only one minute, 27 seconds. Novak's pass went over the head of a cutting Ginobili and out of bounds, giving Portland a chance to win in regulation. ROOKIE WATCH:  San Antonio's  Gary Neal scored  seven of his nine points in the fourth quarter, but it wasn't enough to help the Spurs to victory. NOTABLE:  The Spurs are 1-2 against the Blazers and 56-13 against the rest of the NBA. UP NEXT:  For the Blazers, at Oklahoma City Sunday, at San Antonio Monday, at New Orleans Wednesday. For the Spurs, at Memphis Sunday, Portland Monday, Boston Thursday.  