Notebook: Nets 97, Magic 77 
 
 
 Jake Appleman, For NBA.com 
 
Posted Mon Jan 28, 2013 11:09 PM - Updated Mon Jan 28, 2013 11:09 PM 
 
 THE FACTS : The Brooklyn Nets built a first-half big lead and then dominated the Orlando Magic in the fourth quarter, winning in a 97-77 rout Monday night at Barclays Center. It was the Nets' eighth straight home win and the fourth straight game against the Magic this season in which they have built at least a 20-point lead.  Deron Williams  (20 points, nine assists) jump-started the Nets (27-18) in the first half and led all scorers. Nikola Vucevic led the Magic (14-30) with 18 points. 
 
 QUOTABLE :  "We played two bad games. We know we didn't play the way we're capable of playing. We watched a lot of film this morning, so we wanted to come back and try to not make the mistakes we made in Memphis and Houston."  
 --  Keith Bogans  on the Nets snapping their two-game losing streak    
 
 THE STAT : As is often the case in blowout victories, shots were evenly distributed for the victors. No Nets player took over 12 attempts.   
 
 TURNING POINT :  Up by seven, the Nets started the fourth quarter with a 9-0 run spurred by Bogans and  MarShon Brooks . Bogans' second 3-pointer in the run pushed the score to 79-63 and the Nets never looked back.  
 
 QUOTABLE II : "Probably the speed of the game, adjusting to all the traveling, playing every day, pretty much, is tough. I mean, we have played more games already than I played my whole career."  
 -- Magic rookie  Maurice Harkless  on feeling fatigued on the second night of a back-to-back 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA : Legendary violinist Itzhak Perlman played the national anthem. ... Fans chanted "All-Star" and held up letters spelling out the same message in support of  Brook Lopez  (16 points). 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH : Harkless, a St. John's product, started for the injured  Arron Afflalo  and turned in a solid performance back in New York City, scoring 16 points.  
 
 NOTABLE : In what looked like a safety precaution,  Glen Davis  wrapped  Gerald Wallace  in a bear hug after Wallace converted a layup early in the third quarter. ...  J.J. Redick  tallied a career-high 10 assists. ...  The Nets are undefeated at home under  P.J. Carlesimo .  
 
 UP NEXT : For the Magic, Wednesday @ New York, Friday @ Boston, Saturday @ Milwaukee. For the Nets, Wednesday vs. Miami, Friday vs. Chicago, next Tuesday vs. L.A. Lakers.  
