  Cavs-Rockets notebook   By Matt Miller, for NBA.com Posted Sunday December 12, 2010 12:02AM THE FACTS:   Kevin Martin  scored a season-high 40 points on 12-for-19 shooting, and the Houston Rockets won their fifth consecutive home game by thrashing the Cleveland Cavaliers 110-95 Saturday at Toyota Center. Antawn Jamison  paced the Cavaliers' attack, scoring a season-high 24 points to go with five rebounds, two steals, and two assists. Saturday's loss was Cleveland's seventh straight overall and its eighth in a row on the road. The Cavaliers (7-16) last seven-game losing streak occurred March 29-April 9, 2004 -- near the end  LeBron James ' rookie season. QUOTABLE:  "We'll take quiet 40-point games every day of the week."   -- Rockets forward  Shane Battier  on Martin's performance in Saturday's game THE STAT:  Cleveland has lost its last seven games by an average of 18.7 points and has dropped only one game in this stretch by a single-digit margin. TURNING POINT:  Despite delivering a dismal defensive performance for most of the game, Cleveland trailed by just four, 75-71, midway through the third. Sensing the urgency of the situation, Houston (9-14) tightened its defense and ended the quarter on a 17-4 run to take a 92-75 lead into the fourth. QUOTABLE II:  "We flew around better. Our energy level picked up, our concentration picked up. [The Cavaliers] put you in some unique situations where if you're not sharp mentally, you give up layups and 3s."   -- Battier on how Houston held Cleveland to 37 points in the second half HOT:  Martin got Houston off to a great start offensively as he scored 22 of the Rockets' 37 first-quarter points. Martin was white-hot in the opening stanza as he shot 8-for-10 overall and 3-for-4 from behind the arc.  Vernon Maxwell  and  Yao Ming  are the only Rockets that have scored more points in a quarter. NOT:  Cavaliers guard  Anthony Parker  entered this game shooting 48.2 percent from 3-point land, but could not find his outside range. Including an 0-for-4 effort Saturday, Parker has made only six of 15 attempts from behind the arc over his last five games. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Jamison is taking advantage of his new role as a starter, as he registered his second straight 20-point game Saturday. Jamison scored at least 20 only once during his last six games as a reserve. QUOTABLE III:  "Martin controlled the game offensively for Houston. We couldn't get stops defensively. We scrambled all game, but we couldn't get stops when we needed them. ... Shot after shot [the Rockets] were hitting and moving the ball around to the open guy."   -- Jamison on why Martin and Houston's offense were so effective ROOKIE WATCH:  Undrafted rookie  Manny Harris  failed to score Saturday, shooting 0-for-5 from the field. He grabbed one rebound and blocked one shot during his 16-plus minutes on the court. Harris also struggled mightily when defending Martin in the first half. NOTABLE:  Cleveland forward  Joey Graham  was active but did not play for the second straight game Saturday. ... The Cavaliers fell to 2-13 this season when their opponent scores 100 or more points. ... Martin's 32 first-half points matches the third-most in Rockets history. ... Houston forward  Luis Scola  has scored in double-digits in a career-best 19 consecutive games. ... Rockets center  Brad Miller  grabbed a season-high 10 rebounds Saturday. ... Houston is 5-0 this season when they hit 10 or more 3-pointers. UP NEXT:  For the Cavaliers, Sunday @ Oklahoma City, Wednesday @ Miami, Friday @ Indiana. For the Rockets, Tuesday vs. Sacramento, Wednesday @ Oklahoma City, Friday vs. Memphis  