Notebook: Spurs 101, Grizzlies 94 
 
 
 Tim Price, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Thu Oct 31, 2013 12:31 AM - Updated Thu Oct 31, 2013 12:34 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  Even with the all or most of the Grizzlies starters on the floor through the meat of the second quarter, the Spurs outscored Memphis 30-7 and went on to stamp out another win over a team they swept in the Western Conference Finals last season. 
 
 THE LEAD:   Tony Parker  scored 13 points and had nine assists, and five others scored in double figures for the Spurs (led by 14 each from  Kawhi Leonard  and  Boris Diaw ) in a 101-94 season-opening victory over the Grizzlies on Wednesday at AT&T Center. 
 In the head-coaching debut for  Dave Joerger  after six seasons as assistant to  Lionel Hollins , Memphis got 15 points from  Tony Allen  and a 14-point, nine-rebound night from  Marc Gasol . 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "It was a good win for us against a very physical team. We played good defense, especially in the first half. But it is always tough in the NBA to keep a 20-point lead." have  -- Parker 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Parker and  Tim Duncan  (who left the game with a chest contusion and spasms early in the third quarter after an inadvertent elbow from Allen) combined to shoot 5-for-20. But the rest of the Spurs were 35-for-56, and the team shot almost 53 percent for the game against a Memphis team that limited its opponents to less than 44 percent from the floor last season. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Memphis led 22-18 less than a minute into the second quarter, but the Spurs scored the next 22 points over 7 1/2 minutes. The Grizzlies starting five was on the floor for three minutes during that run and went 0-for-5. Down by as many as 21, the Grizzlies managed to cut the lead to five points with seven minutes left in the game but San Antonio went back up by 15 with two minutes to go. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We're doing something new. It's new for everybody. We just have to work it out. We have to stay positive, keep playing and stick together." 
  -- Grizzlies forward  Zach Randolph 
 
 
 HOT:  Allen made three 3-pointers all of last season, yet he went 3-for-3 tonight and finished 6-for-8 overall. 
 
 NOT:  Randolph went 1-for-6 tonight for two points in 25 minutes. It was more of the same from the sweep in the Western Conference Finals when Randolph shot 16-for-53 from the floor for 30 percent. 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Gasol's 14 points and nine rebounds almost matched his production in the four games versus the Spurs in last season's playoffs (14 points and 10 boards per game). But he failed to get to the foul line, and only one Memphis starter shot a free throw (Allen, and he was 0-for-3). 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  The Spurs coaching staff encouraged journeyman guard  Patty Mills  to lose some weight over the offseason, and Mills came back more trim to open the season. During the Spurs 22-0 run in the second quarter Mills hit three 3-pointers and added a free throw, and he finished 4-for-4 from the floor for 12 points in less than 17 minutes of the bench. He handled the bulk of the backup point-guard minutes behind Parker instead of the Spurs  Cory Joseph . 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Joerger said prior to the game he would try "really, really hard" not to over-coach in his debut. It looked like he was going against his wishes when, 47 seconds into the game, he called a 20-second timeout after Leonard put down a corner 3 for San Antonio. But it turned out that the Grizzlies had no one to help on the inbounds throw-in after the basket. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Nick Calathes , four years after being drafted in the second round (45th overall) by the Timberwolves, made his NBA debut with two points, two assists and two rebounds in almost five minutes. He's played professionally in the EuroLeague, three seasons in Greece and the past year in Russia. 
 
 NOTABLE:  The Spurs are 16-1 in season-opening games under  Gregg Popovich . ... In his first game back with Memphis after playing with the Miami Heat,  Mike Miller  scored 11 points in 14 minutes and hit 2-of-3 3-pointers. ... The other significant free-agent signings by both teams saw action tonight ( Marco Bellinelli  for San Antonio after signing from the Bulls had five points in 19 minutes, and  Kosta Koufos  with the Grizzlies after signing from Utah scored seven points in 14 minutes). 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Grizzlies, Friday vs. Detroit, Saturday @ Dallas, Monday vs. Boston. For the Spurs, Friday @Lakers, Saturday @ Portland, Tuesday @ Denver. 
