Notebook: Grizzlies 88, Magic 82 
 
 
 Marlon W. Morgan, For NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Feb 23, 2013 12:00 AM - Updated Sat Feb 23, 2013 12:00 AM 
 
 THE FACTS : The Memphis Grizzlies pulled out a tough 88-82 win on Friday night against an Orlando Magic team that certainly didn't play like a squad that was down to seven players after Thursday's trades. Without new Bucks players  J.J. Redick ,  Ish Smith  and  Gustavo Ayon,  injured players  Jameer Nelson  and  Glen Davis , along with suspended  Hedo Turkoglu, t he Magic hung toe-to-toe with the Memphis Grizzlies from start to finish. They ended the game with just five players before the Grizzlies (36-18) finally pulled out a harder than expected victory over Orlando (15-40) at FedExForum. For the Grizzlies, it was their sixth straight victory. 
 
 QUOTABLE : "You've got to give Orlando a lot of credit. They came out and they fought right from the start. They fought right til the end. We did enough to win. It wasn't pretty. ... We went inside and attacked, and our bigs came through and scored enough and we got the win."  
 -- Grizzlies coach  Lionel Hollins 
 
 
 THE STAT : Prior to the game, Hollins said several Orlando players would welcome the opportunity to up their offensive production. He was right. Starters  Aaron Afflalo, Maurice Harkless  and  E'Twaun Moore  took advantage of their increased minutes. Afflalo led the team with 20 points, while Harkless scored 19 and Moore added 12 -- all above their season averages. 
 
 TURNING POINT : Despite allowing Memphis to build a 14-point cushion going into the fourth quarter, the Magic used a 16-3 run in the fourth quarter to get to within 74-71. But the Grizzlies were able to answer that run by going to their post players  Zach Randolph  and  Marc Gasol , who led them on a 12-4 run to rebuild their cushion to 84-73 with 1:06 left to play. 
 
 HOT : Gasol bounced back from his poor post All-Star performances in which he was a combined 4-for-19 from the floor for 13 points in games against Detroit and Toronto. Against the Magic, Gasol was 8-for-11 from the floor, scoring 19 points and grabbing 13 rebounds. He also had four assists. 
 
 NOT : The Grizzlies could have put Orlando away a lot sooner had they been better from the free-throw line. A 78.6 percent shooting team from the charity stripe this season, the Grizzlies were a woeful 17-for-29 (58.6 percent). 
 
 QUOTABLE II : "I was extremely proud -- just the effort and the competitiveness, the thing[s] we've been talking about. It was just good to see it from start to finish. It was just really good basketball overall tonight."  
 -- Orlando coach  Jacque Vaughn 
 
 
 NOTABLE : Orlando was without their three newest members --  Tobias Harris, Doron Lamb  and  Beno Udrih . They were acquired Thursday in a trade with Milwaukee for Redick, Smith and Ayon. They are expected to join Orlando on Saturday. ... Orlando's  Andrew Nicholson  and  Nikola Vucevic  both fouled out, leaving the Magic to play with five players for the final 4:35. Fortunately, no other player managed to have more than four fouls, even with Orlando forced to foul at the end for a chance to come back. ... The Grizzlies outrebounded Orlando, 52-42, with Gasol and Randolph both posting double-doubles. Randolph had 16 points and a game-high 14 boards. ...  Ed Davis  had his second double-digit game in the last three games off the bench for Memphis. He finished with 10 points on 4-for-4 shooting and had two blocked shots. .... The Grizzlies are on their second-longest winning streak of the season. After losing their season opener, the Grizzlies rattled off eight wins in a row.  
 
 UP NEXT : For the Magic, Saturday vs. Cleveland, Tuesday @ Philadelphia, Wednesday vs. Sacramento. For the Grizzlies, Sunday @ Brooklyn, Wednesday vs. Dallas, Friday @ Miami. 
