  Notebook: Jazz 103, Kings 102 Posted Friday March 23, 2012 1:20AM By James Ham, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  There was a dog-fight in Sacramento tonight, as two teams trying to preserve winning streaks went toe-to-toe. The game came down to the final seconds, as the Utah Jazz pinned a heartbreaking 103-102 loss on the Kings. Al Jefferson  hurt the Kings early and often, finishing with a game high 26. The veteran center scored the winning basket off a tip-in with .9 seconds left.  Gordon Hayward  finished with a big 18 points for the Jazz, who have now won five in a row. Tyreke Evans  was a game changer off the bench, finishing with 25 points to lead the Kings.  DeMarcus Cousins  and  Jason Thompson  each finished with big-time double-doubles, but it was  Marcus Thornton  and his late game heroics that kept the Kings alive in this one. Thornton gave the Kings the lead twice in the final seconds with big shots, but missed a 27-footer at the buzzer for the win. QUOTABLE:  "It was just great to get the win, man, and to get anyway we have to. Once again, we blew a big lead in the fourth, but normally we would have put our head down and gave up, but we didn't. We kept fighting and the basketball gods were on our side"    -- Jefferson on the last-second win over the Kings THE STAT:  The Kings absolutely pounded the Jazz on the offensive glass tonight, finishing with 26 offensive rebounds. TURNING POINT:  This game wasn't over until the final second ticked off the clock. Jefferson's tip is both the game winner and turning point in this one. QUOTABLE II:  "I don't know what his issue is, but I can definitely solve it."    --Cousins on  Devin Harris , after the two nearly had an altercation during the first quarter HOT:  Evans had an incredible first half, scoring 12 points on 5-for-5 shooting. The Jazz tried a few different looks, but Evans sliced through their defense like a hot knife through butter. He continued the efficient night, leading the Kings 25 points. HOT II:  Jefferson was incredibly tough all night. The veteran forward scored 26 points on 13-for-19 shooting, including the game-winning tip. GOOD MOVE: Paul Millsap  is a quality player, but the Kings were just too big for the undersized forward. Jazz coach  Tyrone Corbin  turned to  Derrick Favors  and he changed the whole complexity of this game with his defense. The second-year big man out of Georgia Tech scored 12 points, grabbed 10 rebounds and blocked four shots in 22 minutes. BAD MOVE:  Players have to rest, but Thompson was too good to take off the floor tonight. When Kings coach  Keith Smart  went away from his starting power forward, the Kings struggled and fell behind. NOTABLE:  The Kings starting frontcourt of Cousins and Thompson both finished with double-doubles, combining for 41 points and 33 rebounds. UP NEXT:  For the Jazz, Friday vs. Denver, Sunday @ Atlanta, Monday @ New Jersey. For the Kings, Saturday @ Golden State, Monday @ Houston, Wednesday vs. San Antonio.  