  Hornets-Jazz notebook   By Andrew Aragon, for NBA.com Posted Thursday November 25, 2010 12:44AM THE FACTS:   Deron Williams  and  Al Jefferson  each had a double-double as the Utah Jazz beat the New Orleans Hornets 105-87 on Wednesday night. Williams had 26 points and 11 assists and Jefferson chipped in 23 points and 10 rebounds as the Jazz handed the Hornets their second straight loss.  Paul Millsap  also scored in double figures with 17 points and he had seven rebounds. New Orleans was led by  Chris Paul , who had 17 points and nine assists. QUOTABLE:  "Hopefully we don't eat too much turkey and stuffing. And we can have the same energy we did this game.  --  Utah's Williams on playing the Los Angeles Lakers on Friday, the day after Thanksgiving THE STAT:  12-3. Williams and Paul will always be linked because they were picked back-to-back in the 2005 NBA draft. In head-to-head meetings, Williams has dominated. Williams, the third pick in the 2005 draft, with Wednesday's win, now has a 12-3 record against the Paul, the fourth pick. TURNING POINT:  Five was the magic number in Wednesday's game. Any time the Hornets got within five points of the Jazz, Utah turned up the heat. When it was 53-48, the Jazz went on an 8-1 run before halftime. After New Orleans closed to 67-62 in the third quarter, the Jazz held the Hornets scoreless for more than three straight minutes during a 9-0 run. In the fourth quarter, when New Orleans made it 82-77, the Jazz scored six straight to put the game out of reach. QUOTABLE II:  "Obviously, we've got to get a lot tougher. This was one of those games where they just beat us up and we can't have that.  --  Paul on the Hornets not matching Utah's physical play HOT:  Williams always gets up to play the Hornets and had one of his best games of the season. He has had at least 10 assists in 10 of the last 11 games he's played against New Orleans. Paul had a good night as well. He carried the Hornets and had just one turnover. NOT:  It was a rough night for Utah's  Andrei Kirilenko , who shot 0-for-6, went scoreless and had just three rebounds and one assist in more than 25 minutes of play. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Jefferson was solid for his fantasy owners. In addition to his 23 points and 10 rebounds, he shot well at 10-for-16. He also had two assists and a blocked shot. ROOKIE WATCH : It was a slow night for rookies. The Hornets'  Quincy Pondexter  and Utah's  Gordon Hayward  and  Jeremy Evans  played extremely limited minutes. Only Evans scored, and he had two points. NOTABLE:  The Jazz shot 68.4 percent in the first quarter.  Francisco Elson  had a season-high eight points for Utah. After winning their first eight games, the Hornets have dropped three of their last six. Utah has won 10 of the last 12 games against New Orleans. UP NEXT:  For the Hornets, Friday @ Blazers, Sunday, vs. Spurs, Monday @ Thunder. For the Jazz, Friday vs. Lakers, Sunday @ Clippers, Monday vs. Bucks.  