  Notebook: Magic 104, Heat 98 Posted Tuesday March 13, 2012 11:38PM By Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com THE FACTS:   Jameer Nelson  scored 12 of his 25 points in the fourth quarter and overtime, and the Orlando Magic overcame 24 turnovers and a 20-0 Miami run to beat the Heat, 104-98.  Dwyane Wade  scored a game-high 28 points for Miami, scoring all four of the Heat points in the overtime period.  Dwight Howard  finished with 24 points and 25 rebounds in what may have been his final home game for the Magic with the NBA trade deadline looming Thursday.  QUOTABLE:  "I told (the Magic) that I want to finish this season out and give our team and our fans some hope for the future. I feel they have to roll their dice. It might be tough, but I feel like we have a great opportunity. They've got to roll it."   -- Howard, withdrawing his trade request.  QUOTABLE II:  "For tonight, we're actually going to give a ---- about the game!"    -- Magic coach  Stan Van Gundy , refusing to comment on trade rumors involving Howard. THE STAT:  The Heat did not shoot a free throw in the second half or overtime.  TURNING POINT:  The Heat led by nine past the midway point of the third quarter when  Ryan Anderson  tipped in his own miss, and after  LeBron James  and Wade missed jumpers for Miami, Nelson made a long 3-pointer. The Magic were back in the game to stay. HOT:  The 6-foot Nelson kept getting to the basket late in the game.  QUOTABLE III:  "(Nelson) created a lot of their opportunities, not only just making his shots but breaking down the defense, getting into the paint repeatedly and doing it in different ways. That was probably the biggest back-breaker, his ability to break us down."    -- Heat coach  Eric Spoelstra .  NOT:  If  Shane Battier  had made just one of three wide-open shots late in the fourth quarter, the Magic would not have made it into overtime. He missed all four of his 3-point shots.  NOT AGAIN:  Miami shot shot 2-for-11 in overtime, scoring on two Wade layups.  GOOD MOVE:  Van Gundy put athletic, high-energy rookie  DeAndre Liggins  on Wade in an attempt to slow down the Heat star late in the first half. BAD MOVE:   James Jones  went for a  Quentin Richardson  head fake and fouled the Magic shooter, opening the fourth quarter with a big three-point play. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  James somehow flirted with a triple double (19 points, 11 rebounds, eight assists) while being a non-factor for most of the game. NOTABLE:  Howard's 20/20 was his eighth of the season and 40th of his career. ... Miami leads the all-time intrastate series, 46-44, but Orlando has won six of the last nine. ... After losing by 16 at Charlotte, the Magic have bounced back with wins against Chicago, Indiana and Miami. ... Howard was credited with two blocks, but he actually got pieces of shots by James and  Udonis Haslem  that went in the basket anyway.  UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Wednesday @ Chicago, Friday @ Philadelphia, Sunday vs. Orlando. For the Magic, Wednesday @ San Antonio, Friday vs. New Jersey, Sunday @ Miami.  