Notebook: Bucks 109, Wizards 105 
 
 
 Rich Dubroff, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Dec 06, 2013 11:20 PM - Updated Fri Dec 06, 2013 11:20 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Milwaukee Bucks, who had lost 13 of 14, won for just the second time since Nov. 6.  
 
 THE LEAD:   Khris Middleton  scored a career-high 29 points,  Brandon Knight  added 20 and  John Henson  had 19 and a season-high 17 rebounds to lead the Bucks to a 109-105 overtime win over the Washington Wizards. 
 After a topsy-turvy fourth quarter where the lead changed hands 11 times and there were five ties, Milwaukee scored the last five points of regulation to force overtime. They outscored the Wizards 7-3 in overtime. 
 
 John Wall  had 30 points and  Trevor Ariza  scored 22 for Washington, which missed a chance to go over .500 for the first time since Oct. 31, 2009.  
 
 QUOTABLE:   "We've given away a lot of wins. We gifted a lot of teams this year." 
 -- Knight on the Bucks' holding on for the win. 
 
 
 THE STAT:    Washington missed all six of its field goal attempts in overtime.  
 
 TURNING POINT:   Middleton hit a short jumper and Knight a 3-pointer in the last 50 seconds of regulation to force overtime.   
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "Somebody on this team has got to become the leader that doesn't allow these things to happen. When I went into the locker room to talk to them before the game, the sense in the locker room was carefree, unlike the last two weeks [when] it was focused." 
 -- Wizards coach  Randy Wittman  on his team's attitude. 
 
 
 HOT:   Henson, who shoots 50 percent from the field, was 8-for-10.  
 
 NOT:   Chris Singleton  missed nine-of -10 from the field for Washington. Singleton, who has only played in five games because of a fracture in his left foot, had hit seven of his first 14 shots this season. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:   Milwaukee coach  Larry Drew  played Middleton 47 minutes, and he delivered.  
 
 BAD MOVE:   Wall took it upon himself to keep firing jumpers, shooting just 9-for-23 and missing all five of his 3-point attempts.  "It was bigger, it was more key for me to do more of the scoring, but I still tried to pass when the opportunity was there," Wall said.  
 
 NOTABLE:   Washington suffered two injuries to starters.  Martell Webster  sprained his left ankle in the first quarter and did not return. Nene left in the third quarter with tendinitis in his right foot.  
 
 IN THE ARENA:   Otto Porter  got to play instead of watch. Porter, the third overall draft pick, who played for Georgetown, made his long-delayed debut for the Wizards. Porter missed training camp and the first 18 games of the season with a hip injury. He did not score in 14 minutes.  
 
 UP NEXT:   For the Bucks: Saturday vs. Brooklyn, Tuesday @ Chicago, Wednesday vs. San Antonio. For the Wizards: Monday vs. Denver, Dec. 13 @ Atlanta, Dec.14 vs. Los Angeles Clippers. 
