  Notebook: Lakers 93, Hornets 91 Posted Monday April 9, 2012 11:37PM By Larry Holder, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Forward  Pau Gasol  scored a game-high 25 points along with nine rebounds while center  Andrew Bynum  added 18 points and 11 rebounds as the Los Angeles Lakers toppled the New Orleans Hornets 93-91 on Monday night in the New Orleans Arena. It snapped a two-game losing streak for Los Angeles as it picked up a win without an injured  Kobe Bryant , who missed his second consecutive game with a shin injury. QUOTABLE:  "We kept pretty good composure throughout the game even being down double digits. I thought our composure was there, which is fun to watch our guys have. I thought we made big play after big play. I thought having our composure (was big)."   -- Lakers coach  Mike Brown  on composure, which is something the Lakers have lacked lately THE STAT:  The Lakers used their superior size to dominate in two categories. Los Angeles outrebounded New Orleans 46-35 with Gasol, Bynum and  Matt Barnes  combining for 28 rebounds. And the Lakers pounded the ball down low and drew fouls allowing Los Angeles to go 20-for-26 from the free-throw line as opposed to the Hornets' 10-for-10 performance. TURNING POINT:  Lakers point guard  Steve Blake  has been much maligned, but two buckets within the final five minutes of the game from Blake pushed the Lakers to a win. Blake hit a 3-pointer from the corner with 5:03 remaining to start a 15-2 run. Blake later hit a running one-hander toward the end of the shot clock with 2:10 left to tie it 86-86. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Hornets forward  Carl Landry  may have tallied the best fantasy stat line of the game with 20 points, 11 rebounds, five assists and only one turnover off the bench. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Actors  Leonardo DiCaprio  and  Christoph Waltz , along with Saints general manager  Mickey Loomis  sat courtside. Loomis didn't talk to the media after his eight-game suspension was upheld by the NFL on Monday for the Saints' bounty scandal. NOTABLE:  Bryant wore a walking boot over his suit on the sideline. No specific timetable was given as to when Bryant will return to action. ... Lakers point guard  Ramon Sessions  said the Lakers probably played their best team game sine he joined the team and helped with 17 points, including a huge 3-pointer with 26.1 seconds remaining in the game to push the Lakers ahead 92-86. ... Saints owner  Tom Benson  didn't meet with commissioner  David Stern  on Monday about possibly buying the Hornets, Saints PR director  Greg Bensel  told NBA.com. The  New Orleans Times-Picayune  reported Benson met with Stern on Monday in New York City. The report noted Benson's involvement as a surprise as candidates  Raj Bhathal  and  Gary Chouest  also had meetings with the league. When asked by NBA.com if Benson had interest in the Hornets, Bensel said there was nothing to report on his interest at this time. ... Hornets point guard  Jarrett Jack  will miss the rest of the season with a stress fracture in his right foot.  Greivis Vasquez  will become the likely starter for the remainder of the season. Jack was the offensive catalyst for New Orleans for most of this season, averaging 15.6 points and 6.3 assists. ... In a familiar tune, Hornets guard  Eric Gordon  didn't play against the Lakers after tweaking his back in Saturday's win against the Timberwolves. UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Wednesday @ San Antonio, Friday vs. Denver, Sunday vs. Dallas. For the Hornets, Wednesday vs. Sacramento, Friday vs. Utah, Sunday vs. Memphis.  