  Notebook: Lakers 97, Celtics 94 Posted Sunday March 11, 2012 7:48PM By Dan Arritt, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  After falling behind by five points with 2 minutes 41 seconds remaining Sunday afternoon, the Lakers held the Celtics scoreless the rest of the way. During that same span,  Kobe Bryant  and  Andrew Bynum  scored four points each to lift the Lakers to a 97-94 victory, their 18th win in 20 games at Staples Center this season. QUOTABLE:  "They made the shots down the stretch and we didn't. We had some good looks at the rim, but shots didn't fall and we couldn't get a stop."   -- Celtics guard  Rajon Rondo THE STAT:  Bryant came in averaging 25.5 points in 25 career games against the Celtics. He gave the Lakers the lead for good and scored his 25th and 26th points of the game on a pull-up 14-foot jumper with 41 seconds remaining. The Lakers beat the Celtics on their home floor for the first time since December 2008. TURNING POINT:  After the Lakers went ahead, 95-94, on Bryant's final basket,  Brandon Bass  had a wide-open look from 19 feet out but clanked his shot off the rim with 34 seconds remaining. Bass had made his two previous shots in the quarter from similar distances. The Lakers then called timeout and Bryant asked to run a play for center  Andrew Bynum , who scored on a short jump hook with 15 seconds remaining for the final three-point margin. QUOTABLE II:  "Kobe came up with that play. He said they're not going to know what to do and, sure enough, the way they designed it,  Kevin Garnett  started guarding me on the top side by the 3-point line, so it definitely worked."    -- Bynum HOT:  The Celtics shot 13-for-16 from the floor in the third quarter to help erase a 15-point second-quarter deficit. Unfortunately, the Lakers were able to match their scoring by getting to the free-throw line 14 times in the quarter, compared to zero trips for Boston. NOT:  Celtics forward  Paul Pierce  returned to the city where he grew up, but didn't leave a lasting impression this time around. He shot 4-for-14 and scored 13 points. Pierce, the team's leading scorer coming in at 18.4 points, shot 2-for-11 in the first half, when Boston was forced into catch-up mode. A 44.8 percent career shooter coming in, Pierce has shot below that mark in three of the last four games and 14 of the last 19. GOOD MOVE:  The Lakers don't have a starter who can guard Rondo one-on-one, so they played a zone defense for most of the first half while the shifty point guard was on the floor. That seemed to limit his options early on. Rondo had 10 points and three assists in the opening half before finishing with 24 points, 10 assists and two rebounds. Bryant guarded Rondo when the Lakers switched to a man defense down the stretch. BAD MOVE:  Bryant ripped off his protective mask following a no-call with 4:09 remaining in the first half, earning his eighth technical foul of the season. The whistle came seconds after  Ray Allen  argued a foul call while fighting for position with Bryant away from the ball. Bryant appeared to get away with an elbow on the play, so it shouldn't be a surprise he didn't get the next call. NOTABLE: All  five starters scored in double figures for the Celtics ... Bryant played 42 minutes, the third time in the last four games he has gone over the 40-minute mark ...  Metta World Peace  scored 10 of his 14 points in the third quarter, the third straight home game he has scored in double digits. World Peace came in averaging a career-low 5.6 points. UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Tuesday @ Memphis, Wednesday @ New Orleans, Friday vs. Minnesota. For the Celtics, Monday @ L.A. Clippers, Wednesday @ Golden State, Friday @ Sacramento.  