Notebook: Knicks 90, Bucks 83 
 
 
 Adam Zagoria, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Oct 30, 2013 11:19 PM - Updated Thu Oct 31, 2013 12:07 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Knicks won their season opener by fending off the Milwaukee Bucks for a sixth straight time, 90-83. 
 
 THE LEAD:   After nearly blowing a 25-point halftime lead, the Knicks closed the game on a 10-2 run.  Carmelo Anthony  and  Tyson Chandler  scored four points apiece in the final spurt. Anthony finished with 19 points and 10 rebounds and Chandler tallied 10 points, six rebounds and five blocks.  Raymond Felton  added 18 points despite leaving the game briefly with a strained hamstring and  Iman Shumpert  chipped in with 16 points. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I just wanted to play with energy...I was just trying to provide a big play for my team." 
 --  Tyson Chandler 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Bucks bench outscored the Knicks reserves, 54-20. 
 
 TURNING POINT : The Knicks blew a 25-point halftime lead and the Bucks came all the way back to tie it up on a 3-pointer from  Caron Butler  (14 points) with 4:30 remaining and then took an 81-80 lead on a John Henson free throw. But after a  Pablo Prigioni  steal, Chandler dunked back a missed layup by Anthony to give the Knicks an 82-81 lead. Anthony then scored back-to-back baskets with a huge tip-in and another basket in the paint to make it 86-81. After an  O.J. Mayo  jumper, Chandler dunked again to make it 88-81. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We were pretty good tonight defensively. I thought we got sloppy in the second half offensively, though."?-- Knicks coach  Mike Woodson 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  After flirting for much of the preseason with starting  Andrea Bargnani  (3-for-9, six points) at the 4 in a big lineup, Woodson opted to bring Bargnani off the bench and start Prigioni in the backcourt in a small one. The move paid off as Prigioni finished with seven points and five assists. New York went 16-2 last season when Prigioni started. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Bucks point guard  Brandon Knight  strained his right hamstring in the first quarter and did not return. Milwaukee was already without point guard  Luke Ridnour  (back). 
 
 HOT:  Chandler flashed his range early by hitting a mid-range jumper in the first half and then dominating in the paint with blocks and dunks late. 
 
 NOT:  Mayo is being counted on to be a big-time scorer for the Bucks, but went 6-for-12 en route to 13 points. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "I'll be on the court tomorrow [in Chicago]." 
 -- Felton on his hamstring injury 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  The Knicks brought  Kenyon Martin  off the bench and will hold  Amar'e Stoudemire  until Thursday's game at Chicago. Woodson plans to alternate the two hobbled bigs in back-to-backs. "If we had a couple days off, I could play them both tonight and max out minutes," Woodson said. "We'll see what happens." 
 
 NOTABLE II:  The Knicks are without  J.R. Smith  for the first five games of the season while he serves a drug suspension. He is eligible to return Game 6 vs. San Antonio on Nov. 10. "He'll be home watching it on TV," Woodson said of opening night. 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:   50 Cent ,  Howard Stern  and  Paul Rudd  sat courtside. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Thursday at Chicago, Sunday vs. Minnesota, Tuesday vs. Charlotte. For the Bucks, Friday at Boston, Saturday vs. Toronto, Wednesday vs. Cleveland. 
