  Notebook: Mavericks 90, Rockets 81 Posted Tuesday March 27, 2012 11:51PM By Dave Ivey, for NBA.com THE FACTS: Dirk Nowitzki  scored 21 points and the Dallas Mavericks got a big boost from the bench Tuesday in a 90-81 victory over the Houston Rockets at the American Airlines Center. The reserves combined for 48 points, 15 rebounds and 12 assists, with  Rodrigue Beaubois  (14),  Brandan Wright  (13) and  Jason Terry  (12) scoring in double figures and even the embattled  Lamar Odom  enjoying his most productive game in weeks. The Rockets (27-24) blew a big first-half lead and dropped two games behind the Mavericks (29-22) in the Western Conference playoff picture. Houston has lost six straight in the series, including an overtime loss in Houston on Saturday.  Luis Scola  led four Rockets starters in double figures with 22 points and eight rebounds. QUOTABLE:  "Us bench guys came in and picked the team back up. That's what it is about, a whole team effort, and we came in and picked the guys up and kept going from there."    -- Wright on the Mavericks' 48-17 advantage in bench scoring THE STAT:  This was just the third time the Mavs have rallied to win when trailing by 10 or more points, improving to 3-18 in those games. Houston was ahead 26-10 late in the first quarter. Dallas' two other double-digit comebacks came against Philadelphia (Feb. 17) and vs. Charlotte (March 15). TURNING POINT:  Terry scored seven points in the span of 60 seconds, from the 6:39 mark to 5:39 in the third quarter, to ignite a 16-2 run that put the Mavericks on cruise control. The "JET"-fueled outburst by Terry included a fastbreak drive, a layup (with a goaltending call on  Samuel Dalembert ) and a pull-up trey from 25 feet. QUOTABLE II:  "We weren't running and didn't have the zip that we needed, especially in that third quarter. I thought that first five minutes of that third quarter, if we could've gotten some juice and really gotten some run outs and gotten some baskets and gotten some momentum, it would've been a different game."    -- Rockets head coach  Kevin McHale HOT:  Scola scored 16 points on 7-for-9 shooting in the first half. ... Nowitzki was 11-for-12 at the free-throw line (but just 5-for-17 from the field). NOT:  The Rockets had their lowest-scoring third quarter of the season with 12 points on 26.3 percent shooting (5-for-19). Their previous low for the period was 16, on two occasions. Playing the second night of a back-to-back after Monday's overtime win against Sacramento, Houston looked sluggish coming out of the intermission. GOOD MOVE:  Wearing a white headband for the first time this season, Odom weathered some early boos and brought the crowd over to his side with an aggressive and energetic effort. He finished with nine points on 4-for-5 shooting with four rebounds, three assists, one steal and one block in 23 minutes. It was his highest-scoring game since March 8, when he had 15 at Phoenix. QUOTABLE III:  "He played his game. It was big because we needed a lift and he was one of several guys that gave it to us. He was terrific all night long. This is a great step in the right direction. This is how he plays. I've said all along we believe in the guy."    -- Mavericks head coach  Rick Carlisle  on Odom BAD MOVE:  Houston's foul trouble helped Dallas close the gap in the second quarter. The Mavericks were in the bonus with 6:43 remaining in the period and took advantage, going 9-for-10 to trim the Rockets' lead to 49-46 at the break. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Despite being a game-time decision with a sprained ankle,  Goran Dragic  played 38 minutes for Houston and contributed 17 points, seven assists and four steals. ... It's all or nothing lately for  Patrick Patterson . He went 0-for-7 in Friday's loss to Dallas, scored a career-high 24 points Monday against the Kings, then went 1-for-7 on Tuesday. ROOKIE WATCH: Chandler Parsons  scored 15 points and added a team-high nine rebounds and three steals for the Rockets. NOTABLE:  The Mavericks said that center  Brendan Haywood  (sprained right knee) and guard  Delonte West  (fractured right ring finger) were getting closer to returning. Haywood has missed six games and West has been out for five weeks. ... Houston had won the rebounding battle in a season-high five straight games, but Dallas finished with a 43-39 edge on the glass thanks to an 11-board effort from  Shawn Marion . ...  Jason Kidd  played in his 1,307th game, tying  Buck Williams  for 10th place on the NBA's all-time list. ... Dallas finished 6-1 at home for the month of March. UP NEXT:  For the Mavericks, Thursday @ Miami, Friday @ Orlando, Monday vs. L.A. Clippers. For the Rockets, Friday vs. Memphis, Sunday vs. Indiana, Monday @ Chicago.  