  Notebook: Clippers 87, Pistons 83 Posted Sunday March 18, 2012 7:59PM By Dan Arritt, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  A day after putting the Clippers on his shoulders late in a comeback victory against the Rockets, four-time All Star point guard  Chris Paul  did the heavy lifting again Sunday afternoon against the Pistons, bringing his team back from a nine-point fourth-quarter deficit and continuing his stellar play in overtime, leading to an 87-83 victory at Staples Center. QUOTABLE:  "[Paul] is a great player. We need him to control the end of games by making plays and that's exactly what he does. He made plays and he has won these last two games for us."   -- Clippers forward  Blake Griffin THE STAT : Heading into this weekend, the Clippers owned one of the worst records in the league in close games. With their second consecutive four-point victory, the Clippers improved to 10-9 in games decided by five points or less. TURNING POINT:  Both teams squandered 10-point leads during the game, the Clippers in the first quarter and the Pistons in the third. Detroit still led by nine points with just under seven minutes remaining in the fourth when Paul got busy, getting four points, three assists and a key steal on the final possession by Detroit to get the game into overtime. His pull-up jumper early in the five-minute overtime gave the Clippers a four-point lead and his 3-pointer over rookie  Brandon Knight  stretched it to five with 2:22 left. Detroit made one final push to take a one-point lead on two free throws by  Greg Monroe  with 31.8 seconds left, but Paul calmly sank a 16-footer on the other end to put the Clippers ahead for good, 83-82. He converted two more free throws -- his only two of the game -- with 3.4 seconds left to secure the win. HOT:  Paul just missed his first triple-double with the Clippers, finishing with 19 points, including six in the fourth and nine in overtime, a season-high 15 assists, nine rebounds and four steals. Monroe proved to be a handful for the Clippers, scoring 23 points and pulling down 15 rebounds. The second-year center from Georgetown came into the game averaging 16.4 points, a seven-point increase over his rookie season, equaling the biggest improvement of any player in the NBA. NOT:  The Pistons let the Clippers back in the game by getting outscored, 17-9, in the fourth quarter, the lowest-scoring quarter of any L.A. opponent this season. The starting backcourt of Knight and  Rodney Stuckey  combined to shoot 4-for-22 from the floor and score 13 points, and back-up guard  Ben Gordon  was 3-for-11 with seven points. For the Clippers, starting small forward  Caron Butler  shot 3-for-16 from the floor, including 0-for-5 in the fourth quarter and overtime. He was coming off a 4-for-15 performance against the Rockets. The Clippers lost their early 10-point lead by missing 17 of 20 field-goal attempts from late in the first quarter to midway through the second. GOOD MOVE:  For the second straight day, the Clippers won a key jump ball late in the game, despite giving up a lot of size. Monroe, at 6-11, was up against the 6-7 Butler with 12.1 seconds left in overtime and the Clippers leading by one. Butler managed to get the ball to Paul, who got it ahead to  Randy Foye  for a layup and a three-point lead with seven seconds left. Clippers coach  Vinny Del Negro  then elected to foul Gordon and send him to the free-throw line. He made one of two, allowing Paul to secure to win with his two free throws on the other end. BAD MOVE:  Just before the jump ball, Monroe had another chance to give the Pistons the lead as he was matched up against the much older and somewhat shorter  Kenyon Martin , who was in the game because Griffin had five fouls and has been shaky at the free-throw line. Monroe went right at Martin but threw up a wild shot, resulting in a mad scramble that led to the jump ball. QUOTABLE II:  "Everyone feels like we should have won this game, because we came out and played hard for four quarters. A couple loose balls, a couple missed assignments, a missed block-out and that's the difference in this game."   -- Monroe NOTABLE: Nick Young  made his debut with the Clippers after coming over from the Wizards in a trade Thursday. He made his first shot attempt but missed the next five. He did get to the free-throw line eight times and converted seven to finish with nine points. The Clippers played the fourth game of seven in nine days. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Tuesday @ Indiana, Wednesday @ Oklahoma City, Thursday @ New Orleans. For the Pistons, Wednesday @ Denver, Friday vs. Miami, Saturday @ New York.  