Notebook: Nuggets 117, Wolves 110 
 
 
 Phil Miller, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Thu Nov 28, 2013 12:05 AM - Updated Fri Nov 29, 2013 11:22 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  All 27 of the Nuggets' fourth-quarter points came in the paint or at the line. 
 
 THE LEAD:  Ty Lawson scored 23 points to lead eight different Nuggets in double figures, and Denver held off Minnesota's fourth-quarter rally to win its fourth straight game, 117-110 over the Timberwolves in Target Center.  Kevin Martin  led all scorers with 29 points for the Wolves, but Minnesota, 8-9, fell below .500 for the first time this season, thanks largely to Denver's 47-10 advantage from the bench.  Nikola Pekovic  had 21 points and 10 rebounds,  Kevin Love  added 19 points and 15 rebounds, and  Ricky Rubio  had 17 points and 11 assists, but the far more balanced Nuggets opened a 15-point first-half lead that the Wolves could never quite overcome. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We knew their feet were slow." 
 -- Nuggets forward  Kenneth Faried , explaining why he and  J.J. Hickson  believed they could score inside against the Minnesota defense, anchored by plodder  Nikola Pekovic . 
 
 
 THE STAT:  10 -- Points scored by the entire Minnesota bench, a total equaled or eclipsed by three different Nuggets' reserves. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Timberwolves trailed by 11 points with six minutes to play, but a couple of Love's 3-pointers sparked a 10-0 lead that cut Denver's lead to one point. The Nuggets responded by taking advantage of a worn-down Wolves' interior defense, getting three dunks and a layup -- four points apiece by Faried and Hickson -- on their next four possessions to pull away once more. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "A lot. We need a lot. We need our bench to be awesome, and right now we don't have a bench." 
 -- Minnesota reserve guard  J.J. Barea 
 
 
 HOT:  Denver's bench has helped the Nuggets survive the injuries to  JaVale McGee  and  Danilo Gallinari , and Wednesday's game was another example. The Nuggets outscored Minnesota's bench, 47-10, with three players reaching double digits. Denver's reserves average 44 points per game, second in the NBA. 
 
 NOT:  Barea's scoring slump continues. Minnesota's backup point guard made three of his five shots Wednesday, but scored only six points and failed to reach double digits for the fifth consecutive game. Barea is shooting just 9-of-35 (25.7 percent) during this five-game stretch, with only nine assists. 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  The Wolves debuted their sleeved jerseys and all-black "Lights Out" uniforms, alternates that the team plans to wear 10 times this season. The uniforms, the team said, "are inspired by the rich, sophisticated nightlife of Minneapolis." 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Denver made a noticeable effort to slow the Rubio-Martin fast break in the first half, and it couldn't have worked better. OK, part of the reason was the Nuggets' 63.4 percent shooting in the first half, but by emphasizing dropping back into the defensive zone, Denver held the Wolves without a fast-break point in the first half, allowing the Nuggets to open a nine-point halftime lead. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  The Nuggets tried to play physical defense on Martin, and it backfired. The veteran scorer was 0-for-5 from the 3-point line, the first time all season that Martin has failed to hit a 3 in a game in which he attempted one. But he still scored 29 points, largely because Denver sent him to the line for 11 shots, all of which he made. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  With  Derrick Williams  traded away, forward  Shabazz Muhammad  made his first appearance for the Wolves in two weeks, but the time off didn't appear to help. Muhammad missed both of his shots and went scoreless, though he did collect two rebounds in his 3:40 stint. 
 
 NOTABLE:  New Timberwolves forward  Luc Mbah a Moute  did not play Wednesday, after arriving late Tuesday night from Sacramento. Mbah a Moute, acquired Tuesday in a trade with Sacramento for Williams, will play behind small forward  Corey Brewer  once Coach  Rick Adelman  feels he's ready. Mbah a Moute, who spent the day undergoing an extensive physical exam and completing paperwork, wanted to dress anyway, just in case. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Nuggets, Friday vs. Knicks, Sunday @ Toronto, Tuesday @ Brooklyn. For the Wolves, Saturday @ Dallas, Sunday @ Oklahoma City, Wednesday vs. Spurs. 
