  Blazers-Suns notebook   By Jonathan Dalton, for NBA.com Posted Saturday January 15, 2011 2:04AM THE FACTS:   Steve Nash  scored a team-high 23 points, including a go-ahead 3-pointer with 1:11 remaining, and the Phoenix Suns rallied to beat the Portland Trail Blazers 115-111 on Friday night.  Grant Hill  scored 21 in his first game back after missing consecutive games with a sore right knee and  Vince Carter  added 17 for the Suns, who have won consecutive games for the first time since the first week of December.  Wesley Matthews  led the Blazers with 26 points and  LaMarcus Aldridge  added 25. Portland led by as many as 13 points in the first half before settling for a 59-56 halftime lead. Hill gave the Suns their first lead since the opening three minutes, hitting a 3-pointer from the right wing to put Phoenix ahead 83-82 with 3:06 left in the third quarter.  Nicolas Batum  sank two free throws to tie the game at 108, but Nash hit the 3-pointer, backpedaling with his finger extended as it went through the net, to give Phoenix the lead for good. The Suns avoided being swept in the series season by the Blazers for the first time since the lockout-shortened 1999 season. QUOTABLE:  "I'm admitting to kicking the leg out a la  Reggie Miller . It was an offensive foul that was called as a defensive foul. The refs get it wrong once in a while. It was crafty."   --  Jared Dudley  said of his key four-point play in front of the Suns bench with 4:28 to go in the first half.  THE STAT:  Matthews, Aldridge,  Andre Miller  and Batum accounted for all but 23 of the Blazers' 111 points. Bench production has been sketchy at best for the Blazers, a fact made more apparenty by the 32 points scored by the Suns bench.  Marcus Camby  was a non-factor offensively, scoring eight points on 2-for-5 shooting, but did pull down 15 rebounds. TURNING POINT:  Dudley's four-point play gave Phoenix a much needed lift. Not only were the Suns trailing 51-40 at the time, but they still were digging out of a hole created when they failed to score over the first three-plus minutes of the second quarter. Dudley's 3-pointer and subsequent free throw pulled Phoenix within 51-44 and started a 9-0 run that brought the Suns within two. QUOTABLE II:  "If we can get a streak put together we can get right back in the playoff race, so why give up."   -- Vince Carter. HOT:  Large deficits don't seem to bother the Suns. Phoenix rallied from a double-digit deficit for the sixth time this season and second game in a row. NOT:  The Blazers, who were shooting over 60 percent for most of the first half before falling to 51.2 percent, shot 44.7 percent from the floor in the second half and 38.9 percent in the fourth quarter. Portland made 6-for-9 3-pointers in the first half but only 2-of-8 in the second, including a 1-for-7 performance in the fourth. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Senator and former GOP presidential candidate  John McCain  (R-Ariz.) was in attendance. NOTABLE:  Hill became the 15th active player with 16,000 points, reaching the plateau on a 17-foot jumper with 4:47 left in the third quarter. UP NEXT:  For the Blazers, Saturday vs. New Jersey, Monday vs. Minnesota, Wednesday @ Sacramento. For the Suns, Monday @ New York, Wednedsay @ Cleveland, Friday @ Washington.  