
 Pacers-Sixers notebook   By Andy Jasner, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday November 3, 2010 10:06PM THE FACTS:  The Sixers raced out to a 26-point lead at halftime and cruised to their first victory of the season with a 101-75 win. Philadelphia coach  Doug Collins  remained in the locker room for the second half while being treated for symptoms related to his bout with vertigo. Collins suffered three broken ribs and a concussion after a nasty fall in a coffee shop on Memorial Day in Phoenix. Associate head coach  Michael Curry  took over for the second half. After the game, Collins addressed the media and said he was going to be fine. Collins will be coaching the team against Cleveland on Friday.  Elton Brand  led the Sixers with 25 points and 12 rebounds while  Thaddeus Young  added 16 points. Overall, six Philadelphia players scored in double figures. QUOTABLE:  "I got up at halftime and I had that real dizzy feeling. I told Michael to grab my arm. I didn't want to fall."   -- Collins, who watched the second half while lying on a trainer's table in the locker room. THE STAT:  The number 13 was unkind to the Pacers. In the first half, the Pacers shot just 13-for-45 from the field (28.9 percent) and fell behind 57-31. They never fully recovered from that poor shooting. TURNING POINT:  This time, the Sixers wouldn't whittle away a lead. They pounced on Indiana early and never let up. Collins has talked about breaking bad habits and this was a major step in the right direction for a struggling franchise. HOT:  Brand continued his solid play, which was especially impressive considering this was the second leg of a back-to-back after a tough 116-115 overtime loss Tuesday at Washington. Brand made all seven of his free throws. NOT:  Danny Granger started 1-for-9 and could never locate his range. The sharpshooter was off all night. QUOTABLE II:  "I'm ready to play. I feel good. Back-to-backs don't bother me. It's nothing. I'm revved up and ready to go."   -- Brand, on playing 35 minutes against the Pacers one night after seeing 42 minutes of action at Washington on Tuesday. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Even when  Andre Iguodala  isn't shooting well, he still puts up numbers across the board. He managed 11 points, nine rebounds, four assists and four blocks. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Of the first three home games, this was clearly the smallest crowd. There were large pockets of empty seats throughout with no celebrities to be found. GOOD MOVE:  The Sixers have shown a lot of confidence in Young and they were rewarded. Young's playing time was sporadic at best last season. No matter what transpires, the Sixers seem to be sticking with their talented young forward. BAD MOVE:  Pacers coach  Jim O'Brien  could have shuffled his roster a bit more in the third quarter when they struggled to find any cohesiveness. ROOKIE WATCH:   Evan Turner  was the first player off the bench for the Sixers and he performed admirably throughout. He wound up with 12 points and six rebounds. Pacers forward  Paul George  had two points in 14 minutes. NOTABLE:  The Sixers have not done a very good job getting to the free throw line. They were much better against the Pacers with a 21-for-25 effort. That shows they were much more aggressive than they had been. UP NEXT:  For the Pacers, Friday vs. Milwaukee, Tuesday vs. Denver. For the Sixers, Friday vs. Cleveland, Sunday at New York, Wednesday at Oklahoma City. 
