Notebook: Celtics 118, Hawks 107 
 
 
 Brian Robb, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Mar 29, 2013 11:59 PM - Updated Fri Mar 29, 2013 11:59 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:   Paul Pierce  had his third triple-double of the season, and  Jeff Green  added a game-high 27 points as the Boston Celtics pushed past the Atlanta Hawks for a 118-107 win.  Jason Terry  chipped in with 24 points off the bench for Boston, as the hosts played inspired basketball in front of  Rajon Rondo . The All-Star point guard watched the game for the first time from the Celtics bench since undergoing surgery on his torn ACL last month.  Mike Scott  had a team-high 19 points off the bench for the short-handed Hawks, who played without star center  Al Horford  (flu).    
 
 QUOTABLE:  "Well he's just so smart, and he's never in a rush...When he goes into games to try to be the scorer, they're going to double team.  He's going to have to pass.  And he'll make the right decisions that way.  I like that mindset better." 
 -- Celtics coach  Doc Rivers  on Pierce 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Boston's 118 points tied its season high for a game this year. Last time they scored 118 points, the Celtics needed three overtimes to do it, in a win against the Nuggets on February 10.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  Atlanta closed Boston's 12-point lead to six, midway through the fourth quarter, forcing Rivers to call timeout. The Celtics regrouped quickly, jumping on the Hawks with a 9-2 run out of the break. Atlanta failed to seriously threaten the Celtics' lead the rest of the way after the outburst.  
 
 GOOD MOVE:  With starting center  Chris Wilcox  struggling in the first half, Rivers turned to recent free-agent addition  Shavlik Randolph  for heavy minutes in the second half. The former Duke star who had played this season in China before coming to Boston delivered when called upon. Randolph scored nine points and grabbed a career-high 13 rebounds in just 21 minutes of action.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  ""It was huge. You talk about a guy executing his role.  That is his role for us.  Come in, provide energy, rebound, bang, be a presence in the paint and he did all that tonight.  He earned every bit of that money he's been getting." 
 -- Jason Terry on Randolph 
 
 
 HOT:   Terry -- Boston's sixth man put together one of the best games of his season Friday night. Terry was scorching hot from the field, hitting 7-for-10 shot attempts and 5-for-7 from beyond the arc. The 35-year-old has been nearly unguardable at the TD Garden this season, as he's hit 44 percent of his 3-point attempts at home.  
 
 NOT:   Josh Smith  -- The soon-to-be free agent wasted no time in getting up shots at the TD Garden, attempting 23 over just 31 minutes of action. Unfortunately for him and the Hawks, Smith just hit seven of those shots during the night, which helped lead to  Larry Drew  benching Smith and his starters for the entire fourth quarter.  
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Pierce -- Boston's captain posted his third triple-double of the season, all coming since January 27th when Rondo went down with a torn ACL. It was the 10th triple-double of Pierce's career.  
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:   John Jenkins  --  The sharpshooting rookie out of Vanderbilt left the game in the first half with a mild concussion. He did not return, finishing with two points in three minutes of play.  
 
 NOTABLE:  Courtney Lee  returned to the Celtics' lineup after missing the past three games with a left ankle sprain. He scored two points in six minutes of action off the bench.  Jordan Crawford  started his third straight game for the Celtics. It was the one-year anniversary of Wilcox's open-heart surgery to repair an aortic valve.  Devin Harris  (foot) and  Kevin Garnett  (ankle) also did not play.  Randolph had a career-high seven offensive rebounds. With the win, Boston won the season series against Atlanta 3-1.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For Atlanta, Saturday vs. Orlando, Monday vs. Cleveland, Wednesday vs. New York. For Boston, Sunday @ New York, Monday @ Minnesota, Wednesday vs. Detroit.      
