  Notebook: Knicks 115, Pacers 100 Posted Friday March 16, 2012 11:23PM By Joshua Newman, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  After delivering a 42-point drubbing to the Trail Blazers in interim head coach  Mike Woodson 's debut on Wednesday evening, the Knicks were at it again on Friday evening. Tyson Chandler  shot 8-for-11 from the field and led four players in double figures with a game-high 15 points to lead the Knicks past the Pacers, 115-100, at Madison Square Garden on Friday evening. J.R. Smith  finished with 14 points,  Jeremy Lin  added 13 and  Carmelo Anthony  chipped in with 12 points, seven rebounds and five assists for the Knicks, who are now 2-0 under Woodson. For the Pacers,  Darren Collison  finished with a team-high 15 points to lead five players in double figures. QUOTABLE:  "We are trying to back into the playoff picture. We are playing with more urgency now and that is important. I think tonight, our guys responded in a big way."    -- Woodson on his team's play over the last two games since he took over. THE STAT:  Friday was one of those nights where the high-priced frontcourt of the Knicks did exactly what it was brought here to do. Led by solid showings from Chandler and  Amar'e Stoudemire , the Knicks outscored the Pacers, 52-34, in the paint, while shooting better than 60 percent in the key. TURNING POINT:  After a back-and-forth six minutes to open the game, the Knicks took control for good with a 14-2 run over a span of a 4:05 to take 21-6 lead late in the first quarter. Anthony scored six points during the run as the 15-point lead was its biggest of the first quarter before leading 50-31 at halftime. The largest lead the Knicks enjoyed on Friday was 32 points. QUOTABLE II:  "We have talked for a long time about finding our stride and coming together as a team and I think that is what we are doing now. I think we have come together as a team. It's good to see."    -- Lin on the state of the team. HOT:  For a guy averaging less than nine points per game entering the night, Knicks fans sure do love  Steve Novak . That's because Novak can be a spark from 3-point range and that's exactly what he was Friday, shooting 4-for-8 from deep to finish with 12 points in 20 minutes of work. Over his last six games, the former Marquette star is 17-for-33 from deep. NOT:  In what was a homecoming for the Coney Island, Brooklyn native,  Lance Stephenson  didn't get a chance to make much of an impact. The 6-foot-5 swingman played just eight minutes, all of it coming in the fourth quarter when the outcome was no longer in doubt. He finished with two points on 1-or-4 shooting. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Actress  Edie Falco , and  Vinny Guadagnino  of MTV's Jersey Shore watched the game courtside. ROOKIE WATCH:  These are somewhat trying times for 6-foot-10  Josh Harrellson , who hasn't played more than 10 minutes in the last four games, including not at all against the Sixers on March 11. On Friday, he didn't play until the fourth quarter, logging eight minutes, but shooting 3-for-3 for seven points. NOTABLE:  In this shortened, 66-game regular season, back-to-backs and back-to-back-to-backs have been the norm around the NBA. The Knicks will travel to face the Pacers again on Saturday in Indiana, but with the win on Friday, the team moved to 8-7 on the front end of back-to-back games. Game time for Saturday is set for 7 p.m. at Banker's Life Fieldhouse. UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Saturday @ Indiana, Tuesday vs. Toronto, Wednesday @ Philadelphia. For the Pacers, Saturday vs. New York, Tuesday vs. L.A. Clippers, Wednesday at Washington.  