  Nets-Grizzlies notebook   By Marlon W. Morgan, for NBA.com  Posted Tuesday December 21, 2010 11:43PM THE FACTS:  The New Jersey Nets can get used to this winning thing. Behind a game-high 26 points from center  Brook Lopez , the Nets shot 52.6 percent from the floor to beat the Memphis Grizzlies, 101-94. The Nets have now won back-to-back games for the first time since winning their first two games of the season. They have also won three of their last four for the first time this season, that coming after a season-high eight-game losing streak. QUOTABLE:  "We've got some positive energy. Our defense, even early in the season, was good enough to win some games, but we just couldn't score. Now we're spaced a little bit more and dominant offensively inside. Sasha (Vujacic) gave us a big lift off the bench. We dominated the boards. ... I told our guys early on we had a really good shot of winning this one if we played the right way."    -- Nets' coach  Avery Johnson THE STAT:  The Grizzlies shot below their season average in field goal percentage, free throw percentage and 3-point field goal percentage. The Grizzlies made just 39.8 percent of their shots (35 of 88), including 4 of 13 (30.8 percent) from 3-point ranges. They also connected on just 20 of 29 (69 percent) of their free throw attempts. TURNING POINT:  One of the things keeping the Grizzlies in the game in the first half was their offensive rebounding. They had nine at the half, including five by  Zach Randolph  as they trailed 45-43, despite shooting 34 percent.. New Jersey coach Avery Johnson challenged his team to keep Memphis off the offensive boards and they responded. In the second half, The Grizzlies had just three offensive boards, none by Randolph. QUOTABLE II:  "We limited them to one shot most of the second half and that's really what changed it. Randolph is bread and butter. He's good at getting those offensive rebounds and putting them right back in, so we tried to limit that after the half and it worked really well for us."   -- Nets' center  Brook Lopez. HOT:  Recently acquired guard  Sasha Vujacic  was the spark plug the Nets have been missing off the bench this season. The former Los Angeles Lakers guard hit 6 of 8 shots for a season-high 16 points, many of which were with a hand in his face. NOT:  The Grizzlies didn't get much offensively from their two main scoring threats -forwards  Rudy Gay  and Randolph. Both made four field goals as they combined to shoot 8 of 29 from the floor for 22 points NOTABLE:  The Nets' win snapped a 10-game road losing streak, improving their mark away from home to 3-12 this season. It was their first road win since a 110-96 victory Nov. 15 against the Los Angeles Clippers. ... The Grizzlies are now 1-13 when giving up 100 or more points. ... Gay had four steals and four blocks for the Grizzlies, becoming the third player this season to accomplish that feat in the same game, joining Portland's  LaMarcus Aldridge  and Philadelphia's  Elton Brand . UP NEXT:  For the Nets, Wednesday @ New Orleans, Monday vs. Orlando, Dec. 29 @ Oklahoma City. For the Grizzlies, Sunday at Indiana, Monday vs. Toronto, Dec. 29 @ Sacramento.  