  Notebook: Suns 92, Hornets 75 Posted Monday April 2, 2012 12:43AM By Mike Tulumello, for NBA.com THE FACTS:   Alvin Gentry  called Sunday night "our first playoff game." His meaning: the Phoenix Suns are now in must-win mode in home games if they want to retain even a shot at making the playoffs. So the Suns (26-26) prevailed in this "playoff," outlasting the undermanned New Orleans Hornets 92-75. Jared Dudley  led the Suns, scoring 21 points on 9-for-16 shooting. He also had seven rebounds and zero turnovers in 36 minutes.  Shannon Brown  added 16 points. Also,  Robin Lopez , celebrating his 24th birthday, had 10 points, all in the second quarter, as the Suns started to take control. "Lopez had a huge effect on the game in the post," Hornets coach  Monty Williams  said. The Hornets (13-40) were coming off a tough loss to the Los Angeles Lakers in which they led almost comfortably late in the game. They are still missing injured mainstays  Eric Gordon, Emeka Okafor  and  Trevor Ariza . They were led by  Marco Belinelli  and  Jason Smith , who each scored 14. QUOTABLE:  "I'm not going to hide it any more. We got to get the right people here...This is the time of year you find out who wants to play for the right reasons. ... I know what I'm looking at. I know who could play and who couldn't."   -- Hornets coach Williams, going after some of his players who weren't available to play. His biggest target was forward  Carl Landry , who was listed as having ankle problems. Asked if Landry's availability was a game-time decision, Williams said. "I'd like to call it a few things. But I'll call it a game-time decision, and we'll go from there." THE STAT:  The Hornets had just one fast-break point (the Suns had 12). TURNING POINT:  The Suns, leading 50-41 at halftime, broke away with a 16-6 run (making the score 66-47) to start the second half. Brown hit three free throws then nailed a 25-footer for three more to fuel the run. QUOTABLE II:  "I think they play harder than any team in the league. If you're going to beat this team, you're going to have to bring it." -- Suns coach Gentry on the Hornets. HOT:  The Suns hit 19 of 21 free throws. NOT:  The Hornets' reserves shot just 9-for-29. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  The Suns' Brown will get big-time minutes with  Grant Hill  possibly out for the rest of the season with a knee injury. And he has responded so far. He has scored in double figures in three straight since joining the starting lineup. In the two starts at home, he's averaged 24.0 points on 59 percent shooting. And  Josh Childress , the high-priced but infrequently used small forward, now at least should play. Childress' offensive game, though, is limited. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Williams pointed out a heckling fan to security. Though he said he didn't want to see the fan thrown out (evidently he was allowed to stay, the coach said), "It was unnecessary. What's going on in the NBA is getting out of hand," said Williams, who said he had food thrown at him in a game in Los Angeles. "It's one thing to cheer for your team, but when people are out and out disrespectful ..." Williams declined to specify what the fan said. ROOKIE WATCH:  The Hornets  Gustavo Ayon  shot 2-for-6 for four points. He also had six boards, three assists and two steals. NOTABLE:  The Suns are 12-6 since the All-Star break, 9-2 at home. UP NEXT:  For the Hornets, Wednesday vs. Denver, Friday @ San Antonio, Saturday vs. Minnesota. For the Suns, Tuesday @ Sacramento, Wednesday @ Utah, Friday @ Denver.  