  Notebook: Magic 108, Nets 91 Posted Wednesday February 22, 2012 11:50PM By Abe Schwadron, for NBA.com THE FACTS:   Dwight Howard  racked up 20 points and 17 rebounds, and the Orlando Magic cruised past the New Jersey Nets, 108-91 after jumping out to a 17-point first-quarter lead.  MarShon Brooks  scored 24 points and  Deron Williams  added 23 points and dished out 8 assists, but the Nets were outrebounded 46 to 37 (16 offensive rebounds for the Magic) and had no answer for Orlando's inside-outside game. When Howard wasn't dominating inside, he kicked the ball out to open shooters on the perimeter, as the Magic hit 13 3-pointers. The Nets cut the lead to 10 thanks to a third-quarter show from Williams and Brooks, but Orlando led by as many as 22 in the fourth quarter and improved to 22-12 on the year with the win. The Nets led 5-4 in the first quarter, and never led again for the remainder of the game. In the opening period, New Jersey shot an abysmal 38 percent from the floor, and 0-for-4 from three-point range. Meanwhile, Orlando shot 63 percent and made four 3-pointers, getting eight points apiece from  Jameer Nelson  and  Glen Davis , who shot a combined 7-7 from the field in the first. QUOTABLE:  "How many lineups have I started now ... 17?"   -- Nets coach  Avery Johnson  on Nets injuries. THE STAT:  Orlando shot 54 percent and outscored New Jersey 54-30 on points in the paint. TURNING POINT:  With the Magic leading 64-47 early in the third quarter, Williams and Brooks led a comeback, using a 14-7 run to cut the Magic's lead to 71-61 and had all the momentum. But New Jersey never got any closer than that, as  J.J. Redick  drained a 3-pointer and Howard slammed home a dunk on consecutive possessions, and the ensuing  Williams' drive ended with a Howard blocked shot and a  Chris Duhon  3-pointer at the other end. QUOTABLE II:  "Right now my only concern is winning games, playing the best I can every night...the only thing I can control is what I do on the court. That's the only answer I can give."  -- Howard on his future in Orlando. HOT:  Brooks and Williams in the third quarter. The pair combined for 23 of the team's 29 points in the third, including a stretch over which Williams scored 14 straight New Jersey points, 12 coming form beyond the arc. The team's two leading scorers on the year finished the game having shot a combined 18-for-33 from the field and 8-for-15 from deep. NOT:  The Magic won big despite shooting just 5-for-15 from the free throw line. In the first half, Orlando shot just two free throws, and missed both. Ten of the team's free throws came courtesy of Howard, who missed eight of them. GOOD MOVE:   Duhon played 17 minutes and shot 3-for-3 with eightpoints in the third quarter, including two huge 3-pointers, as the Magic staved off the Nets' mini-run. Duhon finished with 11 points, marking just the second time all season he's scored in double figures (his season-best is 14). BAD MOVE:  For a stretch, the Nets were so desperate up front that Johnson played  DeShawn Stevenson  at power forward. The gimmick didn't work, and didn't last long. Stevenson was 0-for-3 (all 3-pointers) on the night and scored zero points. QUOTABLE III:  "We've got to figure out how to play better at home in this building. And we've got to figure out how to play better against smaller shooting four men that spread the floor."   -- Johnson on Nets injuries. INSIDE THE ARENA:  With Nets part-owner  Jay-Z  sitting courtside, fans at the Prudential Center began chants of "We Want Dwight" as early as the end of the first quarter, and started in again late in the fourth. NOTABLE:  Rookie  DeAndre Liggins  played in just his second career NBA game, scoring five points in just over three minutes, and former first-round pick  Daniel Orton  appeared in just his second game this season. Orton saw his first action since January 27 against the Hornets, but did not score. UP NEXT:  For the Nets, Feb. 28 @ Dallas, March 2 @ Boston, March 4 @ Charlotte. For the Magic, Thursday @ Atlanta, Feb. 29 @ Washington, March 1 vs. Thunder.  