Notebook: Grizzlies 90, Thunder 87 
 
 
 Marlon W. Morgan, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Jan 15, 2014 12:02 AM - Updated Wed Jan 15, 2014 12:02 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Grizzlies have won three consecutive games for just the second time this season, and the first since winning four straight road games from Nov. 15-20. 
 
 THE LEAD:  Grizzlies' center  Marc Gasol  made a surprising return to the lineup after missing seven weeks with a left MCL sprain. His presence energized his team and the crowd at FedExForum, helping the Grizzlies beat Oklahoma City, 90-87. Gasol scored 12 points and had four rebounds in the 24 minutes. The Grizzlies were led by  Courtney Lee 's 24 points, with  Zach Randolph  added 23. The Thunder got a game-high 37 points from  Kevin Durant .  Bobby Jackson  chipped in with 17. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I got the goose bumps for about a minute, or two minutes. I felt like I was a rookie again, even better than that. Today was a special day for me, but we move on. Right now, we're thinking about Milwaukee." 
 -- Grizzlies' center Gasol on the ovation he got during pregame player introductions. 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Thunder entered the game averaging 105.2 points, but was held to just 87.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  After trailing, 47-43, at the half, the Grizzlies started the second half with more aggression. They stopped allowing Durant to drive the lane with ease, and took it to the Thunder defensively, using a 15-6 run to regain the lead for good at 58-53. 
 
 HOT:  In his second start since joining the Grizzlies Jan. 7,  Courtney Lee  is making it a tough call on what to do when  Tony Allen  returns from his sprained left wrist. Lee scored a season-high 24 points, including a buzzer beater to end the third quarter. Lee scored 14 points in the opening quarter, including 10 of the team's first 18 points. He also finished with five rebounds and two steals. 
 
 NOT:  The Grizzlies' bench was averaging 40.7 points over its last 15 games, which included five 50-plus games. That came to an end Tuesday as they totaled just 10 points -- six by  Ed Davis  and four from  James Johnson . 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "Courtney Lee had his way. We didn't do a good job of starting the game off on him. Throughout the game, he sprinkled in some big shots. We can't afford for that to happen. They have some really good players. He was the wild card that we didn't want to happen. He had too many good looks. In a game like this, we can't give a guy that many points." 
 -- Thunder coach  Scott Brooks 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  The Grizzlies have won three straight home games for the first time this season. Conversely, Oklahoma City has lost three straight road games. ... The Thunder was fifth in the NBA in field goal percentage at .465, but was held to just .407 shooting by the Grizzlies. ... The 90 points by Memphis snapped its streak of five consecutive games of 100 or more points. ... The Grizzlies ended their home stand with a 3-1 record, with all of their wins coming against teams with a winning record. ... Just how even has the Thunder-Grizzlies' matchups been recently. In their previous 30 meetings, the series was tied at 15-15 with the two teams scoring the same amount of points. ... With 23 points and 13 rebounds, Randolph now has 187 double-doubles as a Grizzly, leaving him two shy of tying  Pau Gasol 's team record. ... Durant has scored 30 or more points in four of his last five games. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Thunder, Thursday at Houston, Friday vs. Golden State, Sunday vs. Sacramento. For the Grizzlies, Wednesday at Milwaukee, Friday vs. Sacramento, Monday vs. New Orleans. 
