  Notebook: Bulls 114, Clippers 101   By Dan Arritt, for NBA.com Posted Saturday December 31, 2011 3:06AM THE FACTS:  In a matchup of All-Star point guards Friday night in Los Angeles,  Derrick Rose  of the Bulls got the best of  Chris Paul  and the Clippers, finishing with 29 points, 16 assists and eight rebounds in the 114-101 victory at Staples Center. QUOTABLE:  "It was like two heavyweights going at it, punch after punch."   -- Chicago coach  Tom Thibodeau  on the Rose vs. Paul matchup. THE STAT:  Rose, the reigning NBA most valuable player and two-time All Star, improved to 5-0 in his career against Paul. Rose showed his effectiveness as a game closer, scoring 12 points and dishing out four assists in the fourth quarter, when Chicago outscored the Clippers, 31-24. Paul, a four-time All Star who played two more minutes than Rose, finished with 15 points, 14 assists and four rebounds. TURNING POINT:  With the score tied, 77-77, and 2:28 left in the third quarter, Chicago forward  Luol Deng  missed an 18-footer, but 7-foot center  Omer Asik  was fouled by  Caron Butler  as he grabbed the rebound. Asik missed both free throws but  Taj Gibson  went into first row of seats to save the loose ball and get it back to Rose, who passed to Deng for a reverse layup. The Bulls scored four more unanswered points before the quarter ended, giving them a six-point lead entering the fourth. The Clippers never got close than three the rest of the way. HOT:  Not lost in the point-guard battle was another strong game by last season's rookie of the year,  Blake Griffin  of the Clippers. The 6-foot-10 power forward finished with 34 points and 13 rebounds. He made his first four field-goal attempts, then missed five straight before heading to the bench for his first breather. He returned to shoot 10-for-16 the rest of the way. NOT:  The Clippers, already without a backup center on the roster, got into foul trouble with their big men and that seemed to throw them for a loop. Clippers starting center  DeAndre Jordan  committed three fouls in the second quarter and his replacement,  Brian Cook , couldn't play defense without drawing a whistle either. The Clippers were forced to give rookie forward  Trey Thompkins  his first significant minutes but he had no inside presence. Thompkins did manage a 3-pointer to draw the Clippers within three points with 9:27 remaining in the game, but the Bulls answered with a 10-0 run to put their season-opening four-game road trip on ice. GOOD MOVE:  Rose made a number of dazzling moves on his way to the basket but the best belonged to Paul. With the Clippers trailing by five early in the third quarter, he performed about a half dozen between-the-leg dribbles while guarded by Rose at the top of the key. He then made a lightning-quick crossover dribble to his right, created room to get into the lane and then twice changed speeds as he drove to the basket and laid the ball in low off the glass. BAD MOVE:  Clippers guard  Mo Williams , who started the game in place of injured  Chauncey Billups , had a hot hand early on, shooting 5-for-8 through his first 26 minutes of playing time. Clippers coach Vinny Del Negro decided to replace him with  Randy Foye  with 4:09 left in the third, however, and Foye didn't offer anything, missing both shot attempts the rest of the third and another in the fourth. By the time Del Negro put Williams back in the game, the Clippers trailed, 97-84, with 7:26 left. NOTABLE:  Billups was a game-time decision after injuring his groin during Wednesday's loss in San Antonio. His return is considered day-to-day. Billups spent the game in a coat and tie sitting next to the coaching staff ... All five starters for both teams scored in double figures. The Bulls went to the free-thrown line 34 times, compared to 20 for the Clippers. Rose went 10-for-11 from the line and Joakim Noah was 9-for-10. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Sunday vs. Portland, Wednesday vs. Houston, Saturday vs. Milwaukee. For the Bulls, Sunday vs. Memphis, Tuesday vs. Atlanta, Wednesday @ Detroit.  