  Notebook: Hawks 105, Nets 98   By Jon Cooper, for NBA.com Posted Saturday December 31, 2011 12:45AM THE FACTS:  The Atlanta Hawks knew that they couldn't win every game by double-figures and found out that they could win a close game, too. Jeff Teague  had 22 points and six assists, while  Joe Johnson  added 21, including the final seven points of the game, as the Hawks moved to 3-0, beating the New Jersey Nets 105-98 Friday night at Philips Arena. In stark contrast to the teams' first meeting Tuesday night at the Prudential Center, the Nets, playing their fourth game in five nights, led by as many as five early in the first quarter. But Atlanta closed the quarter on an 8-2 run, taking the lead with 2:18 left on Johnson's short turnaround, and never trailed again. The Hawks led by as many as nine, but the Nets stuck around, pulling within one with 2:18 to play, then getting two opportunities to shoot for a tie or the lead in the final two minutes. But  Anthony Morrow  missed a 15-foot runner, then, after a stop,  Deron Williams  missed a reverse lay-up. Johnson took the ball down court and hit a runner in the lane to extend the lead to 100-96, then Atlanta's pressure on the inbounds pass off a timeout led to the Nets calling an excessive timeout. The technical and a Johnson's two free throws on the ensuing possession opened up a seven-point lead and sealed the game. Williams scored a game-high 23 for New Jersey, and rookie  MarShon Brooks  added 21.  Kris Humphries  had a double-double for the Nets, scoring 10 points and grabbing a game-high 13 rebounds. QUOTABLE:  "It was a big stop. The guys did a great job on the back side. I was told by my last head coach when you're guarding the ball to jump towards that side of the ball. I tried to remember that when taking the ball out."    --  Marvin Williams , whose defensive pressure on Brooks' inbounds with 20.6 seconds left, led to New Jersey's taking an excessive time out. THE STAT:  Despite New Jersey's shooting 92.9 percent from the foul line, Atlanta outscored the visitors 27-13 as they held a resounding 38-14 edge in free throw attempts. TURNING POINT:  Deron Williams shooting 7-for-13 in the second half and 4-for-8 in the fourth quarter, but his missed reverse lay-up with 38.9 seconds left led to a Joe Johnson running jumper that pushed the lead up to four and led to the time out which was followed by the excessive timeout. QUOTABLE II:  "I'm really proud of our rookie MarShon Brooks tonight. You say you take the good with the bad, but I saw all good with MarShon tonight. We really showed in the second half what a good offensive team we could be."    -- Nets coach  Avery Johnson . HOT:  The Nets had shot only 2-for-7 from three in the first half, but heated up from behind the arc big time in the second half, draining 7-for-13 attempts (53.8 percent). Morrow hit three of his four tries from downtown, including 2-for-3 in the third quarter, when the Nets shot 62.5 from three. ALSO HOT:  Joe Johnson was money from the free throw line with the game on the line. After hitting 2-for-3 from the stripe over the first three quarters, Joe went 7-for-7 in the final 12 minutes, five of them in the final 20.6 seconds. NOT:  New Jersey forward  Damion James  got off to a slow start, making only one of his five shots in the first quarter. He finished 1-for-6 for the game and didn't play the final 21:46. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Williams bounced back from a miserable game against Atlanta on Tuesday night, scoring a game-high 23 points, 10 in the fourth quarter, while shooting 9-for-18 shooting, with a three pointer, 4-for-4 free throw shooting, two defensive boards, a 3:1 assists to turnovers ratio, two steals and a blocked shot. Teague held his own, going for 22 points, on 9-for-12 shooting (75 percent shooting), with six assists, a 3:1 assists-to-turnovers ratio, an offensive rebound and two steals. INSIDE THE ARENA:  A famous Howard was in the arena, but it wasn't  Dwight Howard . It was actually Philadelphia Phillies first baseman and Atlanta Braves nemesis  Ryan Howard . ROOKIE WATCH:  Brooks was electrifying. The rookie had 21 points on 8-for-13 shooting, while making all four free throws and even pulling down five rebounds (second on the team behind Humphries). Brooks came on in the fourth quarter, going 3-for-4, hitting his lone three-pointer, making all four free throws and scoring nine points in all, one behind Williams in the frame. He even blocked a shot by  Tracy McGrady , who is three inches taller. NOTABLE:  Humphries, who was booed every time he touched the ball, recorded his second double-double of the season and first since Opening Night. His 13 rebounds were the most since the opener...Nets center  Mehmet Okur  hit three of his five three-point attempts. Okur came into the game having made two threes in his first three games - going 2-for-6...Atlanta has gone to the free throw line 73 times in its first two home games, making 58 of their attempts, a 79.5 percentage...Of Atlanta's 105 points, 50 of them came in the paint, where they held a 50-40 edge. UP NEXT:  For the Hawks, Saturday @ Houston, Monday @ Miami, Tuesday @ Chicago. For the Nets, Sunday @ Cleveland, Monday vs. Indiana, Wednesday @ Boston.  