  Notebook: Knicks 102, Pacers 88 Posted Saturday March 17, 2012 11:07PM By Conrad Brunner, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  For those that were thinking the end of  Mike D'Antoni 's tenure as the New York Knicks head coach would somehow spell the end of  Jeremy Lin 's remarkable rise to prominence, think again. Lin showed Saturday he is much more than just a spread offense quarterback. Lin scored 19 points, eight in a critical 17-4 run that put the game away as the Knicks swept a weekend back-to-back from Indiana, 102-88 Saturday before a sellout crowd of 18,165 in Bankers Life Fieldhouse. The Knicks (21-24) improved to 3-0 under interim coach  Mike Woodson , winning all three by double digits. The Pacers (25-18) fell to 4-6 since the All-Star break. Despite 24 points and 12 rebounds from  Roy Hibbert . QUOTABLE:  "We kind of wore them out with our depth ... we kind of took their blow in the first quarter and stretched it out a little and worked at maintaining that lead. I'm just happy we got the win and [I'm] learning to play in a less spread offense. A lot of stuff is still the same, but there are times when I won't have as many opportunities. I just need to be selective about when to go. I think tonight was a big step for me."   -- Jeremy Lin THE STAT:  New York held Indiana to 4-for-17 shooting in the fourth quarter. After the Pacers closed to 77-76, they made just one field goal in a span of more than eight minutes as the Knicks pulled away. TURNING POINT:  Indiana trailed 82-79 after a Hibbert bucket with 8:34 remaining but Lin took over, getting into the lane twice for buckets and then making four straight free throws that pushed the lead to 91-80. The Pacers unraveled in that stretch with coach  Frank Vogel  and  George Hill  both picking up technical fouls. QUOTABLE II:  "We're playing great defense. We are really getting after it and playing smart. Everybody knows where the ball is going and guys are playing with tremendous confidence. There are four things the coaches are emphasizing: one, rebound the ball, two, play defense, three, apply ball pressure and four, guard the screen and roll."   --  Amar'e Stoudemire HOT:  Lin made 6-for-10 from the field and added seven rebounds and six assists to his 19 points. Hibbert shot 8-for-13 and had his highest point total since the All-Star break. NOT:  One night after racking up a season-high 59 points, the Indiana bench combined for just 17 on 6-for-18 shooting. QUOTABLE III:  "Our offense just isn't working. We're not getting the job done. Our goal is to win games and we're not going to win games this way. I don't have an answer."   --  Danny Granger GOOD MOVE:  With the game on the line and two superstars in his frontcourt, Woodson called Lin's number repeatedly down the stretch and the young point guard delivered. BAD MOVE:  Vogel went with a small lineup to match down to New York. Though it worked for a time, playing a role in bringing the Pacers back from a 14-point deficit in the third quarter, ultimately the unfamiliar combinations left the offense out of synch in the fourth quarter when the Knicks pulled away. NOTABLE:   Carmelo Anthony  and Amar'e Stoudemire had 16 apiece for the Knicks. ...  Paul George  scored 18 with four assists, four rebounds, two steals and two blocks for Indiana. ... New York was without backup point guard  Baron Davis , who sustained a strained groin in Friday's 115-100 win over the Pacers. ... Newly acquired  Leandro Barbosa  was in the building but not in uniform for the Pacers. The veteran guard acquired from Toronto Thursday is expected to make his debut Tuesday against the Clippers. ... Granger scored one basket after the first quarter and was 1-for-6 from the 3-point line. In the last eight games, he is 9-for-40 (.225) from the arc. UP NEXT:  For the Pacers, Tuesday vs. L.A. Clippers, Thursday @ Washington, Friday vs. Phoenix. For the Knicks, Tuesday vs. Toronto, Wednesday @ Philadelphia, Friday @ Toronto.  