  Cavaliers-Blazers notebook   By Kerry Eggers, for NBA.com Posted Friday March 18, 2011 12:58AM THE FACTS:  The Trail Blazers jumped to a 37-12 lead after one quarter and never looked back in a 111-70 burial of Cleveland Thursday night at the Rose Garden.  LaMarcus Aldridge  collected 20 points and 11 rebounds in 29 minutes to lead Portland (39-29), which saw 11 players break into the scoring column. QUOTABLE:  "We needed one like this. We haven't had a lot of games where, from start to finish, we stayed focused. We weren't trying to embarrass Cleveland. We were just trying to work on our game and get better. We know we're going to need to get better."    -- Portland coach  Nate McMillan . THE STAT:  Portland outrebounded the Cavaliers 16-3 and won the points-in-the-paint battle 22-0 in the first quarter. TURNING POINT:  The Blazers jumped in front 24-2 after 7 1/2 minutes. QUOTABLE II:  "That was probably the easiest win I've ever had. I don't think I've ever been up that much in the first half of a game. Good thing for them they were making free throws."    -- Portland's  Brandon Roy . HOT:  Aldridge sank 9 of 10 shots from the field. NOT:  The Cavaliers, who ended up shooting .356 from the field, were 2-for-14 in the first quarter -- and that was including  Baron Davis ' 3-pointer with 3.7 seconds left in the period. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Portland's  Gerald Wallace  had a glitzy game with 17 points, six rebounds, six assists, two steals and two blocked shots in 33 minutes. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Many of those in the sellout crowd of 20,235 stayed in the Garden bars after halftime to celebrate St. Patrick's Day. By that time, the Blazers were on top by 30 points. GOOD MOVE:   Wesley Matthews  had a breakaway after a Cleveland turnover but fed the ball to Wallace for a dunk. Great for team unity. BAD MOVE:  McMillan still had three starters on the floor with four minutes to go and a 34-point lead. If one of them had gone down with an injury ... ROOKIE WATCH:   Armon Johnson  scored six points for Portland in garbage time, his biggest scoring output since getting six against Detroit on Nov. 9. NOTABLE:  Cleveland managed only six assists, matching an all-time low for a Portland opponent. UP NEXT:  For the Blazers, Philadelphia Saturday, at L.A. Lakers Sunday, Washington Tuesday. For the Cavaliers, at L.A. Clippers Saturday, Orlando Monday, New Jersey Wednesday.  