  Celtics-Thunder notebook   By Brian Robb, for NBA.com Posted Friday November 19, 2010 11:20PM THE FACTS:  The undermanned Oklahoma City Thunder held off a late fourth quarter charge to come away with a hard fought 89-84 road win over the Boston Celtics, despite scoring just 12 points in the final quarter.  Russell Westbrook  carried the Thunder with 31 points and 6 assists, as his team was missing All-Star  Kevin Durant , and forward  Jeff Green , both of whom sat out with ankle injuries.  Kevin Garnett  led the Celtics with 16 points, as Boston fell at home for the first time this season. QUOTABLE:  "They are one of the best teams in basketball, we knew that going in. They score in so many different ways, so we wanted to make the game slow. We are not a slow team. We have to score in transition to get scores. It's not our style of play, an ugly game like that. But we battled away defensively all night and held them off at the end."  -- Thunder Head coach  Scott Brooks  on his team's effort THE STAT:  Oklahoma City hit their final field goal of the night on an  Eric Maynor  jumper with 9:28 remaining in the fourth quarter. The Thunder then proceeded to miss their final 13 shots of the night from the field, shooting an anemic 11 percent and scoring just 15 points during those final 12 minutes. Nonetheless, their scrappy defense limited the Celtics to just 15 points themselves in the frame, enabling the shorthanded squad to keep their lead until the final buzzer. TURNING POINT:  As the Celtics clawed their way back from a nine-point deficit in the closing moments,  Glen Davis  earned two chances to trim the deficit at the free throw line. Davis missed three of the four pivotal freebies with under three minutes remaining, missing a crucial opportunity while giving Oklahoma City a larger margin of error which helped them to eek out the win. QUOTABLE II:  "It's not painful to watch when we're winning. Of course I wanted to be out there, and play with my team. I've got o make sure I'm healthy first though....that's my first concern."  -- Durant on his team overcoming his absence QUOTABLE III:  "Defending, rebounds, getting steals, boxing out...I mean, we just did it all defensively and that's what it's going to take for us to win a game. Sometimes we aren't going to be able to make shots. We just defend."  - Westbrook HOT:  Westbrook was on fire for the first three quarters, hitting 9 of his first 14 shots, 2 from three-point range, before cooling off in the fourth quarter. The third-year point guard is now averaging 25.8 points in his past five games. NOT:   Nenad Krstic  hit just one of his seven shots on the night from the field. The Thunder center is shooting just 28 percent on field goal attempts in his last three games. NOTABLE:  Pierce was awarded the game ball from Boston's win over Milwaukee earlier this month, in which the Celtics' captain scored his 20,000th career point.  Glen Davis  took two charges, bringing his season total up to 19, which leads the NBA.  Garnett  left the game with 8:51 remaining in the first quarter after taking a elbow to the head, which caused a large bump to form on the back of his head. He sat out the remainder of the first and re-entered the game 8:18 left in second quarter.  Rajon Rondo  sat out the final 5:41 of the fourth quarter with a strained left hamstring. Delonte West took over point guard duties in his place. Oklahoma City has won on the road for two consecutive years in Boston. UP NEXT:  For the Thunder, Saturday @ Milwaukee, Monday vs. Minnesota, Wednesday vs. Dallas. For the Celtics, Sunday @ Toronto, Monday @ Atlanta, Wednesday vs. New Jersey.  