  Mavs-Spurs notebook   By Tim Price, for NBA.com Posted Friday January 14, 2011 11:40PM THE FACTS:   Tony Parker  and  DeJuan Blair  each scored 18 points and  Tim Duncan  added 16 as the Spurs took advantage of  Dirk Nowitzki 's continued absence by whipping the Mavericks 101-89 on Friday at AT&T Center. With Nowitzki missing his ninth game and  Caron Butler  out for the season (both because of knee injuries), Dallas lost for the fourth straight time and dropped to 26-12. San Antonio (33-6) has won four straight and eight of 10. QUOTABLE:  "Obviously, they're playing without Dirk, and we wanted to make sure we focused and had a good start and played aggressively, so we did. We got lucky. They didn't have Dirk, and we took advantage of it."    -- Tony Parker THE STAT:  The Spurs led by as many as 20 in the first half, and the quick start was keyed by Parker. He opened the game shooting 5-for-6 for 10 points in the first 8 1/2 minutes and had four assists (he had six for the game) in the first 5:15. TURNING POINT:  The Mavericks had a pulse trailing by 13 points with 7:42 left in the third quarter. But they missed eight of their next 11 shots and made only one free throw the rest of the quarter and were outscored 18-7 to fall behind by 24 entering the fourth quarter. QUOTABLE II:  "A lot of things went wrong. The first three quarters were very difficult. We're playing a great team that is playing extremely well, and we just got outplayed. There's not much more to say than that."    -- Dallas coach  Rick Carlisle HOT:  Parker's 8-of-12 showing from the floor comes after a bad four-game stretch where he shot 13-of-41. NOT:   Jason Terry  finally hit a 3-pointer (he was 0-for-7 in his three previous games), but he shot 3-of-14 for nine points on Friday. Terry is 6-of-30 in his last two games against the Spurs. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Blair's season-high 18 points came with 13 rebounds and four assists. GOOD MOVE:  Parker had a big first quarter, but he sat for most of the second. The Spurs kept the energy level high merely by moving the ball over into the hands of  Manu Ginobili , who scored nine points in 8 ½ minutes by making half of his six shots and all of his three foul shots. When San Antonio went on a 20-8 run to start the second quarter, seven of those points came from Ginobili. BAD MOVE:   Alexis Ajinca  got his first start of the season for the Mavericks in the loss Wednesday at Indiana, and Carlisle apparently saw enough (four points and three fouls in 14 minutes) for a second start against the Spurs. It was a disaster. He played the opening five minutes and was 0-for-3 and gave up a wide open baseline dunk to Blair. He didn't play again until garbage time in the fourth quarter and didn't do much better: 1-of-4 for two points, no rebounds and two fouls by game's end. The trouble for Dallas' starting bigs kept coming when  Tyson Chandler  picked up foul No. 4 and  Brendan Haywood  wasn't able to get into the game in time before Chandler picked up his fifth with seven minutes to go in the third quarter. The Mavs could have used his offense -- he was 4-of-5 at the time. ROOKIE WATCH:   Tiago Splitter  had played only 4:44 in the last six Spurs games, but when the blowout ensued over Dallas he played 15 minutes yet scored one point and had two fouls.  Dominique Jones  (South Florida, 25th overall) finished with 13 points in 13 minutes off the Dallas bench. NOTABLE:  When the Mavs lost Nowitzki on Dec. 27, Dallas was 1 ½ games behind the Spurs. Dallas is 2-7 since then (San Antonio 8-2) and now trail the Spurs by seven. ...  Matt Bonner  had an MRI on Friday that showed a bone bruise in his right knee, and he did not play after halftime after hitting 2-of-2 3-pointers for the Spurs in the first half. ... Since Nowitzki's injury, Dallas has failed to score 100 points in seven of those nine games. ... This was the first of a four-game Spurs homestand, but 12 of the 13 games following the completion of the homestand are on the road. ... The Mavs are 4-4 in Southwest Division, the Spurs 6-2. ... San Antonio won the season series 3-1 -- the final two victories coming with Nowitzki injured. UP NEXT:  For the Mavericks, Saturday @ Memphis, Monday @ Detroit, Wednesday vs. Lakers. For the Spurs, Sunday vs. Denver, Wednesday vs. Toronto, Friday vs. New York.  