  Celtics-Wizards notebook   By Rich Dubroff, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday April 12, 2011 12:06AM THE FACTS:  The Boston Celtics rested four of their starters, and dropped their second game in two nights, 95-94 in overtime to the Washington Wizards. The loss, combined with a Miami win over Atlanta, means the Celtics have the No. 3 seed in the East. Boston coach  Doc Rivers  decided that rest was more important than the No. 2 seed and rested  Ray Allen ,  Kevin Garnett ,  Paul Pierce  and  Rajon Rondo. Jordan Crawford's  3-pointer with 38.8 seconds left in overtime gave the Wizards the lead.  John Wall  led Washington with 24 points. Crawford had 17.  Andray Blatche  had 16.  For the Celtics,  Jeff Green  had 20 points and tied his career-high with 15 rebounds.  Glen Davis  also had 20, and  Jermaine O'Neal  had season highs in points (15) and rebounds (13). QUOTABLE:  "This was a tough one, but this was the right one."   -Rivers on the decision to sit his four All-Stars. THE STAT:  Zero minutes played for Allen, Garnett, Pierce and Rondo. TURNING POINT: . The Wizards trailed 83-77 with less than a minute left in regulation, but  JaVale McGee  scored on a finger roll, Wall hit three free throws and Crawford a jumper to force overtime. QUOTABLE II:  "We kind of took it as that they was trying to disrespect us and not trying to play the other guys, so we wanted to come out and fight."   -Wall on the Celtics not playing their starters. HOT:  Wall from the free throw line. He made 14 of 15. NOT:  Wall from the field. He missed 12 of 17 shots. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Wall had nine rebounds and three assists. Next year, Wall will be even better, so put your bids in. GOOD MOVE:  Washington coach  Flip Saunders  playing Crawford and Wall nearly the entire game, trying to take advantage of the Celtics' inexperience. "There's no question when you take out a couple of their guys, you kind of relax," Saunders said. "They've got four guys who've been to the NBA Finals." BAD MOVE:  With the Celtics ahead 88-86 in overtime,  Von Wafer  tried to dunk, but the ball went off the rim. He didn't know it and preened for the crowd. When he finally realized it, Wafer tried to recover, collided with O'Neal and caused a double dribble. "You can play hard, but you have to play smart," Rivers said about the play. ROOKIE WATCH:  Besides Wall and Crawford,  Kevin Seraphin  had a key basket in overtime after McGee and Blatche fouled out.  Larry Owens  had eight points. Boston guard  Avery Bradley , who rarely plays, was scoreless in six minutes. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Washington guard  Nick Young , who hasn't played in the last nine games due to a knee injury, addressed the crowd, thanking them for their support, and the impending free agent said he hoped they'd be back next season. He didn't say anything about himself.. NOTABLE:   Delonte West  sprained his right ankle early in the third quarter and did not return. Wafer got his first start of the season. ...  Jeff Green  started for the first time with Boston. Pierce and Allen sat out their first game of the season. UP NEXT:  For the Celtics: Wednesday vs. Knicks. For the Wizards: Wednesday @ Cavaliers.  