
 Bucks-Raptors Notebook   By Holly J. MacKenzie, for NBA.com Posted Friday January 28, 2011 11:18PM THE FACTS:  On Friday night at the Air Canada Centre, the Toronto Raptors' losing streak fell to 10 games as the Milwaukee Bucks held on for the 116-110 overtime victory.  Corey Maggette's  29 points and 11 rebounds led the way for the Bucks while  Ersan Ilyasova  tied a career-high with 25 points before fouling out in the fourth quarter.  Andrew Bogut  added 24 points, six in the overtime session. For the Raptors,  Amir Johnson  had 24 points and 12 rebounds in the loss. QUOTABLE:  "I want us to get better. You can take this stat sheet right now and just throw it down on the ground because that doesn't mean anything. We had some guys in double figures, but it still wasn't a well-played game for us. We won, we're happy. We'd rather win than lose, but there's a lot of things we can do better and we've gotta start doing them better."   -  Scott Skiles  on his team having six players in double figures. THE STAT:  Execution in overtime. In the extra session, the Bucks were a perfect 4-for-4 from the floor while the Raptors shot just 33 percent, hitting three of their nine attempts. The Bucks shot just 3-for-6 from the foul line, but had six attempts, compared to zero for Toronto. When the game goes into overtime, both teams have a clean slate and in the final five minutes, Milwaukee executed their offensive game plan better. TURNING POINT:  After the Raptors made a late push to tie the game and force overtime, the Bucks made the decision to go to Bogut on the offensive end to start the extra session and it paid off. With the Raptors using single coverage, Bogut hit all three of his shots in overtime and put the Bucks up six with less than three minutes remaining. While the Raptors would tie the game on a reverse layup from  DeMar DeRozan , Maggette hit the three to put the Bucks up by three and it was enough to send the Raptors to their 10th straight loss. QUOTABLE II:  "It was just great to make the shot. Thank God to hit the shot...It felt good. The man upstairs kinda tapped it down for me. I'm just glad I made the shot."   -  Maggette  on the 3-pointer he hit with under a minute to play, to put the Bucks up three. HOT:  For the Bucks, Ilyasova was lights out. Tying a career-high with 25 points on a ridiculous 9-for-10 shooting, Ilyasova was fantastic in his 34 minutes before fouling out of the game with less than a minute remaining in the fourth. Andrew Bogut was also pretty much unstoppable, scoring 24 points on 12-for-14 field goals. NOT:  DeRozan had a game he'd like to forget. After scoring 29, 25 and 30 points in his last three games, DeRozan finished with 11 points, but shot 5-for-14 from the floor. He made both of his attempts in the overtime, but struggled in the first four quarters, committing three offensive fouls and attempting just three free throws in 38 minutes. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Because it was Fan Appreciation Night at the ACC, Rob Base performed during halftime while Raptors' announcers Matt Devlin and Jack Armstrong sang through a timeout to entertain the crowd. ROOKIE WATCH:  Raptors rookie  Ed Davis  continues to impress, grabbing nine boards in 21 minutes off of the bench against the Bucks. Davis scored six points on 2-for-3 shooting and also added an assist. NOTABLE:  Ilyasova's 25 points tied a career-high and set a season-high for this year, surpassing the previous season-high of 22 points.  Alexis Ajinca  had 10 points on 4-for-5 shooting in 13 minutes off of the bench in his second game as a Raptor. Bucks' point guard  Brandon Jennings  is expected to play limited minutes against the Nets on Saturday night. UP NEXT:  For the Bucks, Saturday vs. New Jersey, Monday @ Los Angeles Clippers and Wednesday @ Phoenix. For the Raptors, Saturday @ Minnesota, Monday @ Indiana and Wednesday @ Atlanta. 
