
 Jazz-Heat notebook   By Shandel Richardson, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday November 9, 2010 11:36PM THE FACTS:  The Utah Jazz rallied from a 22-point, first-half deficit to stun the Miami Heat 116-114 in overtime. Forward  Paul Millsap  scored 46 points, which not only was a game-high, but also a career best. The win was Utah's first in Miami since March 10, 2003. QUOTABLE:  "You saw how we came out. We settled for shots. We got some decent ones, but they didn't go in. Once we started moving, we did a better job of executing our offense." -- Utah coach  Jerry Sloan   THE STAT:  Millsap entered the game having made just two career 3-pointers. He made three against the Heat, all in the fourth quarter to key the comeback. TURNING POINT:  After a poor first half, Utah guard  Deron Williams  began to play more aggressive in the third quarter. He was the reason the Jazz outscored the Heat 30-24 during that period. QUOTABLE II:  "It's not about the end [of the game]. It's not about Millsap's threes and it's not about execution at the end. We had every opportunity to take control of that game and we just weren't able to do it." -- Heat coach  Erik Spoelstra   HOT:  Millsap was 19-for-28 from the field, including 3-for-3 on 3-pointers. NOT:   LeBron James  recorded his first triple-double as a member of the Heat, notching 20 points, 11 rebounds and 14 assists. But, he shot just 5-for-18 and settled for many bad field goal attempts. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Lost in the hoopla of Millsap's performance was  Dwyane Wade , who scored 39 points and had six rebounds. GOOD MOVE:  After settling mostly for jump shots, Williams drove more to the basket in the second half. It created several easy opportunities for teammates. BAD MOVE:  The Heat seemed to get too comfortable in the third quarter. As guard  Eddie House  put it, the Heat "had no energy." ROOKIE WATCH:   Gordon Hayward  had two points in six minutes. NOTABLE:  James recorded his 29th career triple-double. ... Jazz center  Al Jefferson  was 1-for-7 from the field and finished with nine points in 27 minutes. He came out of the game with 1:58 left in the third quarter and was replaced by  Kyrylo Fesenko . Jefferson   didn't play the rest of the evening. ...  James Jones  suffered a hard fall midway through the fourth quarter when he was fouled on a fast-break layup attempt by Utah's  Ronnie Price . Price was assessed a flagrant foul. UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Thursday vs. Boston, Saturday vs. Toronto, Wednesday vs. Phoenix. For the Jazz, Wednesday @ Orlando, Friday @ Atlanta, Saturday @ Charlotte. 
