  Notebook: Kings 106, Thunder 101 Posted Friday February 10, 2012 2:04AM By James Ham, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  In front of an incredible, sold out crowd, the Sacramento Kings pulled off the improbable, 106-101 victory over the Oklahoma City Thunder. Tyreke Evans  led the Kings with 23, but it was two clutch 3-point shots by  Marcus Thornton  that brought the Kings back in this one. Russell Westbrook  led all scorers with 33 points on 15-for-26 shooting and  Kevin Durant  kicked in 27, but it wasn't enough to over take the Kings on their home floor. QUOTABLE:  "I had to trust him and trust him. If I lose, I was going to lose it with him on the floor."   -- Kings coach  Keith Smart  on Thornton's big finish to the game THE STAT:  The Thunder played incredible help defense tonight against the Kings, finishing with 17 blocks.  Serge Ibaka  led the way with 10, including a few that went deep in the stands. TURNING POINT:  With 2:42 left in the fourth, Thornton drilled a 3-pointer that electrified the crowd and brought the Kings to within one at 95-94. Moments later, he buried another three from the corner to tie it at 97-97 and the momentum was all Kings. QUOTABLE II:  "That's the best team in the league, so naturally, we were in this game from the beginning. We wanted to beat this team. Maybe a lot of people doubted us that we couldn't beat them, but we never doubted ourselves. I was looking for a "W". I knew we could beat them."   -- Kings owner  Gavin Maloof  on the victory tonight over Oklahoma City HOT:  Westbrook came out in the third quarter like a man possessed. After scoring 11 in the first half, he dropped another 16 in the third on a series of drives to the basket and breakaway dunks. NOT:   John Salmons  shot 2-for-10 on the night, but played incredible defense through the second half on both  James Harden  and Durant. NOTABLE:  The Kings have now won four of their last five ballgames, including quality wins against the Blazers and Thunder. On the season, the Kings are 7-4 at home and just 3-12 on the road. UP NEXT:  For the Thunder, Friday @ Utah, Tuesday vs. Utah, Wednesday @ Houston. For the Kings, Saturday vs. Phoenix, Tuesday @ Chicago, Wednesday @ New York.  