  Raptors-Wolves notebook   By Phil Miller, for NBA.com Posted Sunday January 30, 2011 12:05AM THE FACTS:   Kevin Love  registered his usual double-double, scoring 21 points with 12 rebounds, but it was his defense on  Andrea Bargnani , who missed 19 of the 24 shots he attempted, that played the biggest role in ending the Minnesota Timberwolves' six-game losing streak with a 103-87 victory over the Toronto Raptors.  DeMar DeRozan  was almost as frustrated as Bargnani, making only 2 of 11 shots from the field, and the Raptors shot a season-low 33.7 percent to drop their 11th consecutive game, Toronto's longest skid since the 2002-03 season. QUOTABLE:  "Last night was probably the worst defense I've played all year. I was really upset with my defense (at Utah), so I needed to come out and make a difference on defense, take a couple of charges, make somebody miss some shots."    -- Wolves forward Kevin Love, on his role in Toronto's miserable shooting night THE STAT:  8 -- Assists by  Jonny Flynn , his season high and the most he's registered since he had a career-high nine on Jan. 18, 2010 -- a sign, his coach believes, that Flynn is finally recovering his point-guard instincts after offseason knee surgery. TURNING POINT:  The Timberwolves held a 10-point lead midway through the third quarter when rookie  Wesley Johnson  caught fire. Johnson freed himself underneath for a layup, nailed a 3-pointer and an open 18-footer, and got to the free-throw line, outscoring the Raptors 9-5 by himself over a three-minute span. By the end of the quarter, Minnesota's lead was 21 and the game was effectively over. HOT:  Wolves reserve forward  Martell Webster  nailed three 3-pointers and scored 13 of his 15 points in the second half, his first double-digit contribution in more than two weeks. NOT:  Bargnani's 19 missed shots were the most of his career, and they extended a January slump. The former No. 1 overall pick is 56-for-159, or 35.2 percent, in his last eight games, all Raptor losses. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:   Corey Brewer  landed on his right elbow while scrambling for the ball early in the third quarter, and never returned to the Wolves' lineup. The injury doesn't appear to be serious, Brewer said, but it held him to just three points, fewest this month. QUOTABLE II:  "Andrea is a little bit out of sync. Sometimes when he has a shot he doesn't take it; he's thinking about it too much."    -- Raptors coach  Jay Triano , on the shooting slump of Toronto's leading scorer, Andrea Bargnani INSIDE THE ARENA:  Former Wolves first-round pick  Rashad McCants , currently out of the league, sat courtside across from the Wolves' bench. ... Also in the front row: Minnesota Twins outfielder  Denard Span  and third baseman  Danny Valencia . NOTABLE:  The victory snapped Minnesota's 12-game losing streak against the Raptors, dating back to 2004. ... Toronto's 33.7 percent shooting was a season-low, and the best defensive showing by Minnesota of the season. The Raptors' 39 first-half points were also the fewest allowed by Minnesota this year. ... The Wolves have only 11 wins this season, but six of the last seven have been by 10 points or more. ... Love's double-double was his 42nd of the season and 33rd in a row, the longest in the NBA since  Kevin Garnett  had a 37-game streak in 2006. UP NEXT:  For the Raptors, Monday @ Indiana, Wednesday @ Atlanta, Friday vs. Minnesota. For the Timberwolves, Wednesday vs. Memphis, Friday @ Toronto, Saturday vs. Denver.  