Notebook: Knicks 99, 76ers 93 
 
 
 Joshua Newman, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Feb 24, 2013 11:00 PM - Updated Sun Feb 24, 2013 11:00 PM 
 
 THE FACTS: Carmelo Anthony  scored a team-high 29 points,  Amar'e Stoudemire  added a season-high 22 and the New York Knicks snapped a season-high four-game losing streak by defeating the Philadelphia 76ers, 99-93, at Madison Square Garden on Sunday evening.  
 Anthony and Stoudemire led four Knicks in double figures as  J.R. Smith  and  Raymond Felton  each finished with 14 points. Anthony added seven rebounds, while Smith and Stoudemire each finished with five.  
 For the Sixers, who are now 1-6 in their last seven games, All-Star point guard  Jrue Holiday  scored a game-high 30 points to go along with five rebounds and five assists.  
 The Knicks now lead the Atlantic Division by two games thanks to the win combined with the Brooklyn Nets' loss to the Memphis Grizzlies on Sunday, 76-72.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We got tired of losing, we just had to find a way to come out here and win. I think sometimes when you lose games, consecutive games, you start pressing, you start thinking about too much and tonight we came out and just played." --  Anthony. 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Led by Stoudemire's 22 points and 9-for-10 shooting from the field, the Knicks' bench outscored the Sixers' bench, 44-21, as the team moved to 27-16 on the year when the bench outscores their opponent.  
 
 TURNING POINT:   An ugly, poor-shooting first quarter from both sides gave way to the Knicks ripping off a 17-2 run over first 4:45 of the second quarter to take a 41-24 lead. Stoudemire had six points during the run, including an 18-foot jumper from straightaway that made the score 35-24 with 9:40 to play in the quarter. Meanwhile, the Sixers shot 1-for-8 during the run. After shooting just 8-for-24 in the first quarter, the Knicks led at halftime, 52-40, after shooting 9-for-15 in the second.  
 
 HOT:  Stoudemire has settled in nicely to his role off the bench since making his season debut on New Year's Day following preseason knee surgery. Sunday marked arguably his biggest contribution yet as his 22 points marked a season-high. It was also his biggest output since scoring 20 points against the Detroit Pistons and his fourth game of at least 20 in his 23 games this season. He entered the night averaging 10.2 points over his last five games.  
 
 NOT:  At the age of 39, past the halfway point of his 18th season,  Jason Kidd  continues to struggle. The future Hall of Fame point guard scored just three points and shot 1-for-7 from the field to go along with nine rebounds. Coming into the night, Kidd was averaging just 3.2 points in 29 minutes over his last five games, while shooting 26.3 percent from the field at 25 percent from 3-point range.  
 
 NOTABLE:  With 7:28 to play in the third quarter, tempers flared when Anthony was called for a personal foul following a hard box out with  Spencer Hawes .  Tyson Chandler  took exception to the physicality of the play, shoving Hawes before players and officials got between the two. Double technical fouls were called on Chandler and Hawes, while Anthony's personal foul was upgraded to a Flagrant 1 after the officials took a look at the replay and saw him elbow Hawes in the head. Chandler now has 10 technical fouls on the season, which puts him in a tie for fifth-most in the NBA. At 16 technical fouls, the NBA hands out a one-game suspension.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  I don't want to see guys get suspended or fined for throwing punches or anything of that nature. When you lose four in a row, and we haven't done that very often, you are on edge a little bit. It is my job as the coach to relax and let their play dictate what happens on the floor." --  Knicks head coach  Mike Woodson  on the scuffle.  
 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "I was just taking what the defense gives me, being aggressive, being patient, my teammates were looking and I executed." --  Stoudemire . 
 
 
 
 NOTABLE II:  After signing a 10-day contract on Saturday, 12-year NBA veteran  Kenyon Martin  did not see the floor for the Knicks. Martin, who last played in the NBA with the Los Angeles Clippers last season, practiced on Saturday afternoon, but Woodson was non-committal during his pregame media availability as to whether or not Martin would play. He was signed as an insurance policy for aging and injured forwards  Marcus Camby  and  Rasheed Wallace. 
 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  WWE wrestler  Mick Foley , rapper  Waka Flocka Flame , actor  Ben Stiller  and New York Giants defensive end  Justin Tuck  all sat courtside.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Wednesday vs. Warriors, Friday @ Wizards, Sunday vs. Heat. For the 76ers, Tuesday vs. Magic, Friday @ Bulls, Saturday vs. Warriors 
