  Notebook: Cavaliers 98, Wizards 89 Posted Saturday April 14, 2012 11:16PM By Rich Dubroff, for NBA.com THE FACTS: Luke Harangody , recalled earlier in the day from the NBA D-League, scored 16 points to lead the Cleveland Cavaliers over the Washington Wizards 98-89 on Saturday night. Harangody, who was sent down to the D-League on March 6, will return to the Canton Charge on Sunday. He played so the Cavaliers, who are in the midst of three games in as many nights, could rest  Antawn Jamison . Anthony Parker  added 15 points,  Tristan Thompson  had 14 and  Donald Sloan  had a career-high 13 for Cleveland, losers of 12 of their previous 14. The Cavaliers took the lead early in the fourth quarter and the Wizards, who have lost 12 of 15, couldn't mount a serious challenge. Washington was led by  John Wall  with 19.  Jordan Crawford  had 18 and  Kevin Seraphin  had 15. QUOTABLE:  "He was the MVP tonight. To play in a D-League game last night and come up here tonight and start right off the bat and play the way he played; you've got to give him a lot of credit."  --  Cleveland head coach  Byron Scott  on Harangody's play. THE STAT:  Not only was Harangody the Cavaliers' leading scorer with 16, he led them with 10 rebounds and three steals. TURNING POINT:  Cleveland took a nine-point lead midway through the fourth quarter, and Washington couldn't get within seven. QUOTABLE II:  "In order to be an A-lister, you have to have the opportunity. Everybody who's an A-lister has had an opportunity at some point, and they've performed."  --  Parker on the opportunity afforded Harangody and several of his teammates. HOT:  Parker hit four of five from the field and seven of eight free throws. He added five assists. NOT:  The Wizards bench was scoreless in the first half and missed all eight field goal attempts. GOOD MOVE:  Cleveland making the phone call to summon Harangody from neighboring Canton. BAD MOVE:  The Wizards didn't show up for the second straight night. On Friday, they scored just 65 points in a 38-point loss to New York. NOTABLE:  Cleveland shot 65.7 percent in the first half, but only led by seven points at halftime. NEXT:  For the Cavaliers: Sunday vs. Magic, Tuesday @ Pistons, Wednesday vs. Sixers. For the Wizards: Monday @ Bulls, Wednesday vs. Bucks, Saturday @ Heat.  