
 Trail Blazers-Kings notebook   By Jimmy Spencer, for NBA.com Posted Thursday January 20, 2011 2:21AM THE FACTS:  The Portland Trail Blazers edged the Sacramento Kings in overtime, 94-90, to earn a road victory on Wednesday night. Portland had three players with 20 points or more, including  Nicolas Batum  (24 points),  LaMarcus Aldridge  (23 points) and  Andre Miller  (20 points). Miller hit two significant shots late, one at the end of regulation and another in overtime. QUOTABLE:  "With B-Roy  [Brandon Roy]  out, we need somebody to step up at the end of the game. Andre is that guy to take big shots and stay calm. He doesn't rush or panic. He plays like it's the first quarter sometimes even though it is overtime."   -- Batum on Miller's late-game performance TURNING POINT:  Miller's jump shot with 1:49 remaining in overtime was the deciding shot in the low-scoring affair. Miller gave the Trail Blazers a 92-90 lead at the time and Sacramento never scored again. ... Miller also had a big shot near the end of regulation when his baseline leaner with 33 seconds left gave Portland an 85-83 lead before Kings forward  Carl Landry  answered with a pair of free throws on the next possession. THE STAT:  Including the final six minutes of regulation plus overtime, the Kings scored just nine points in the final 11 minutes of the game. The Trail Blazers went to a 2-3 zone defense late in the game to adjust to the Kings' ability to penetrate against the man defense and Sacramento's offense went stagnant. The Kings scored just five points in overtime. QUOTABLE II:  "Collectively, we have to do those things that the guys who are missing did for us. Scoring and rebounding, and we did that tonight."   -- Portland coach  Nate McMillan FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Batum returned to the box score after a brief one-game scoring sabbatical earlier this week. The 6-foot-8 forward bounced back from a dreadful 1-for-11, five-point performance on Monday vs. Minnesota. Against Sacramento, Batum led Portland with 24 points and grabbed six rebounds in 42 minutes. His increased minutes through January should remain consistent, especially as  Marcus Camby  undergoes knee surgery on Thursday. INSIDE THE ARENA:   Sergio Romo , a reliever for the 2010 World Series Champion San Francisco Giants, was announced sitting courtside opposite of the Kings' bench. ... University of Kentucky Athletic Director  Mitch Barnhart  was also in attendance. ROOKIE WATCH: DeMarcus Cousins  entered Wednesday's game averaging 17.4 points in the month of January on 45.8 percent shooting. But Cousins looked sluggish against Portland, showing little touch on his midrange shot. He finished with just five points on 2-for-11 shooting. Cousins showered, grabbed his stuff and quickly jammed out of the locker room before speaking to reporters after the game. NOTABLE:  Camby dressed but did not play and will undergo surgery on his left knee Thursday.  ... Aldridge scored 15 of his 23 points in the fourth quarter plus overtime. ... With the game tied at 85-85, Aldridge missed a 15-foot baseline fadeaway in the final seconds of regulation and Sacramento collected the rebound to send the game to overtime. UP NEXT:  For the Trail Blazers, Thursday vs. Clippers, Saturday vs. Indiana, Monday vs. Sacramento. For the Trail Blazers, For the Kings, Friday at Golden State, Monday at Portland, Tuesday vs. Charlotte. 
