  Notebook: Nuggets 96, Hornets 88   By Scott Kushner, for NBA.com Posted Friday January 6, 2012 11:31PM THE FACTS:  The Denver Nuggets forced 17 turnovers, produced 19 fast break points and notched their first road win of the season, pulling away from the New Orleans Hornets in the fourth quarter of a 96-88 win on Friday night at the New Orleans Arena. QUOTABLE:  "We were disappointed and coach Karl was disappointed and so after the first half he came into the locker room and he said that we were playing bad defense and bad offense. He said we just had to wake up. So that's what we did. Just that simple."  --  Nuggets' leading scorer  Danilo Gallinari , who scored a game-high 23 points, on the halftime adjustment which pushed Denver from a 47-41 halftime deficit into a 96-88 win. THE STAT:  The Nuggets (6-2) outscored the Hornets (2-5) 32-16 in the paint during the second half. Denver held just a 24-22 advantage inside in the first half. TURNING POINT:  A 19-0 Denver run which stretched from the final two minutes of the third quarter more than three minutes of the fourth quarter. It propelled the Nuggets from a nine point deficit into a commanding lead which it never relinquished. QUOTABLE II:  "We just have too many 'my bads' in one game. 'My bads' start off as a hill and they turn into a mountain."   --  Hornets' coach  Monty Williams  on his team's array of mistakes, which led to 17 turnovers. HOT:  The Hornets' first quarter offensive performance. New Orleans scored 32 points in the opening period, it's highest-scoring quarter this season, thanks to its blistering 59 percent shooting from the field.  Marco Belinelli  paced hot start, knocking down four of five shots, including a pair of converted three pointers. Denver kept up with the pace on its end, shooting 48 percent and scoring 24 points. NOT:  The Hornets' second quarter offensive performance. New Orleans failed to capitalize on its prolific start, scoring just 14 points and shooting just 35 percent in the second quarter. The Nuggets didn't fare much better, notching just 17 points during the quarter, converting on 7-of-22 shots from the field. However, Denver was able to outscore New Orleans 55-41 in the second half en route to the victory. GOOD MOVE:  Prior to the game, Denver coach  George Karl  said he expected his team to run often after both made and missed baskets. The Nuggets heeded his words. Denver scored 19 fast break points, and routinely caught the Hornets out of position for easy layups and open shots on the wing, leading directly to its 55.6 percent success rate from the floor in the second half. NOTABLE:  The Nuggets trailed for over three consecutive quarters, falling behind on the Hornets opening basket and failed to catch up until  Andre Miller's  floater pushed Denver to a 64-63 lead with 11:42 left in the game....New Orleans' eight converted 3-pointers was a season high, topping the four it made during its 97-78 win over the Celtics on Dec. 28...Nuggets' reserve center  Kosta Koufos  finished the night plus-22 in his 15 minutes on the floor...Starting center  Nene  returned to the lineup after missing two games due to an injured left foot...The Hornets were outrebounded (37-36) for the first time this season. UP NEXT:  For the Nuggets, Saturday @San Antonio, Monday vs. New Orleans, Wednesday vs. New Jersey. For the Hornets, Saturday @Dallas, Monday @ Denver, Wednesday vs. Oklahoma City  