  Cavaliers-Suns notebook   By Mike Tulumello, for NBA.com Posted Monday January 10, 2011 12:32AM THE FACTS:  The Phoenix Suns, trying to stay relevant in the Western Conference, broke open a tight game late and edged the lowly, injury-battered Cleveland Cavaliers 108-100 Sunday night in Arizona. The Suns (15-20) broke a three-game losing streak by nipping the Cavaliers (8-29), who were missing several players with injuries. Steve Nash  had 20 points, 17 assists, seven rebounds and six turnovers.  Channing Frye , starting at power forward, had 16 points and 12 boards.  Robin Lopez  added 15 points and three blocks, while  Jared Dudley  had 21 points off the bench. Grant Hill  left the game early with what was called a mild knee sprain. For the Cavs,  Manny Harris  had 27 points and eight rebounds, while  J.J. Hickson  patrolled the lane with 23 points and 17 rebounds.  Antawn Jamison  also scored 23. The Cavs were without  Anderson Varejao, Leon Powe, Daniel Gibson, Anthony Parker  and  Joey Graham . QUOTABLE:  "There are no bad wins. I haven't had one in 22 years."    -- Suns coach  Alvin Gentry THE STAT:  The Suns got their struggling 3-point game in order by hitting 13-for-28 (46 percent). TURNING POINT:  The Suns broke a 90-90 tie on Nash's 3-pointer with 6:45 left, a shot that started a decisive 16-6 run that sealed a difficult win over the gritty Cavs. QUOTABLE II:  "The frustration has been mounting for three months. This is hard ... We have to prove it every day."    -- Nash on the Suns, who are battling to squeak into the playoffs this season after driving to within two wins of The Finals last year. INSIDE THE ARENA:  The crowd engaged in a lengthy period of silence for the victims of the mass murder in Tucson Saturday. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  The Cavaliers may have lost their best player for the season. They got word before game time that Varejao has torn tendon in his right ankle. Varejao suffered the injury Thursday while running in a mundane "end-of-practice conditioning drill," coach  Byron Scott  said. "Obviously it's a big blow," Scott said. "He was playing at an All-Star level. I thought he was behind (only)  Dwight Howard  as the best center in the Eastern Conference." Varejao was averaging 9.1 points on 53 percent shooting plus 9.7 rebounds per game. GOOD MOVE:  Gentry stuck with  Hakim Warrick  in the rotation, and Warrick hit two big free throws in the closing moments to help wrap up the game. Warrick is one of the few Suns who is comfortable playing the "four" spot vacated by  Amar'e Stoudemire . He is a sort of a poor man's Stoudemire in that he can roll to the basket and score. And that opens up space for shooters. He played well early in the season when he got regular time but has bounced around in the rotation lately. "He has the presence ... of rolling down the lane and finishing ... We've got to get him back in the rotation." Gentry said. BAD MOVE:  Gentry still has  Mickael Pietrus , who has done little except take outside shots since the Suns acquired him, ahead of  Josh Childress  in the rotation. On Sunday, Pietrus had one point and one board in 12 minutes. ROOKIE WATCH:  The Cavs' Harris, a guard from Michigan, poured in 27 points while being guarded often by  Vince Carter . NOTABLE:  The Cavs lost their 15th straight road game (Nov. 9 at the Nets is their last win). UP NEXT:  For the Cavaliers, Tuesday @ Los Angeles Lakers, Friday @ Utah, Saturday @ Denver. For the Suns, Tuesday @ Denver, Wednesday vs. New Jersey, Friday vs. Portland.  