  Spurs-Timberwolves Notebook   By Tom Coyer, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday January 11, 2011 11:20PM THE FACTS:  The San Antonio Spurs added to their NBA-league leading record by beating the Minnesota Timberwolves 107-96. The Spurs had six players with at least 12 points and were led by  Manu Ginobili 's 19 points, nine rebounds and six assists. The Spurs have swept the season series with Minnesota for the fourth consecutive season. The win was the third in a row for San Antonio who head to Milwaukee for the second game of a back-to-back. QUOTABLE:  "I think today we didn't play well. We were sloppy at times, we turned the ball over way too many times especially on our end of the court like on outlets and rebounds. I think we are at the point where we are more looking toward improving more than beating the Wolves. I don't think we got any better today."   -- Ginobili  THE STAT:  The San Antonio defense was the difference tonight. The Spurs were outrebounded by Minnesota and had 17 turnovers. But the San Antonio defense held Minnesota to just 37.8 percent shooting which was too much for the Wolves to overcome. TURNING POINT:  Despite playing very close games in their previous three meetings, the turning point tonight was the opening tap. The Spurs quickly jumped out to a 10 point lead in the first 4:30 and for the remaining 43:30 Minnesota never got closer than six. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:   Kevin Love  continued his rebounding domination and recorded a 20-20 night. Love also recorded his 2,000th career rebound and ranks 5th in Timberwolves history.  Kevin Garnett  is the franchise career leader with 10,542 rebounds in a Wolves uniform. NOTABLE:  The Timberwolves saw a rash of technical fouls called on them during the third quarter. With 8:36 remaining in the quarter the Wolves'  Corey Brewer  and  Darko Milicic  were both called for technical fouls. This incited coach  Kurt Rambis  who was given two more quick T's for an automatic ejection. Following the Ginobili free throws Love was upset about a fould taht was not called and he was quickly given a technical for the team's fith in 10 seconds. Five technical fouls in 10 seconds is certainly notable but it may not be the most noteworthy angle to this story. All five technicals were administered by the same referee. That referee was  Ken Mauer  who is actually a Minnesota resident. UP NEXT:  For the Spurs, Wednesday @ Milwaukee, Friday vs. Dallas, Sunday vs. Denver. For the Wolves, Thursday vs. Washington, Saturday vs. Orlando, Monday @ Portland  