  Notebook: Lakers 109, Mavs 93 Posted Thursday March 22, 2012 1:11AM By Dave Ivey, for NBA.com THE FACTS:   Pau Gasol  made almost every shot,  Kobe Bryant  made an impossible shot and the Los Angeles Lakers made  Dirk Nowitzki  and the Dallas Mavericks miserable Wednesday in a 109-93 win at the American Airlines Center. The Lakers halted the Mavericks' four-game winning streak and improved to 3-0 this season against the defending champs. Gasol scored 27 points on 13-for-16 shooting and shared the team lead with nine rebounds. Bryant had a game-high 30 points, including a highlight-reel three-point play in the third quarter. He caught an alley-oop pass from Gasol, got fouled in midair by  Jason Kidd  and still somehow flipped the ball backward into the basket while falling. The Lakers shot 58.4 percent from the field (9-for-18 from downtown) and destroyed Dallas by a 46-29 margin on the boards. Nowitzki led the Mavericks with his eighth double-double with 26 points and 10 rebounds and  Jason Terry  added 23 off the bench. QUOTABLE:  "Our defense wasn't good enough. We gave up way too many wide-open shots and they had five or six guys who were really into it offensively. We have to do a better job."   -- Mavericks forward  Lamar Odom , who was 0-for-3 and finished with one point, one rebound, one assist and one steal in nearly 24 minutes. THE STAT:  The Lakers entered the game ranked last in the league in bench scoring at 20.7 points per game, but racked up 24 by halftime and finished with 36. The reserves were 6-for-12 from 3-point land and combined for 21 rebounds and 12 assists. TURNING POINT:  Dallas missed 15 of its 20 shots and was outrebounded 17-6 during a disastrous second quarter. Los Angeles took command with a 24-6 run that included four 3-pointers, two by  Matt Barnes  (11 points, nine rebounds) and one each by Bryant and red-hot reserve  Ramon Sessions . QUOTABLE II:  "We had breakdowns defensively. We had shot-making droughts and they were able to retake the lead and get a cushion. It was probably the difference in the game, but there were other breakdowns, too, and we simply just did not play well enough."   -- Mavericks head coach  Rick Carlisle  on the second quarter. HOT:  The Mavericks were 6-for-8 from behind the arc in the third quarter. NOT:  The Mavericks were just 2-for-18 in the other three quarters. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  It seems only a matter of time before Sessions replaces  Steve Blake  as the starting point guard in the Lakers' post- Derek Fisher  era. Acquired in a March 15 trade with Cleveland, Sessions stuffed the stat sheet with 17 points on 7-for-8 shooting (3-for-4 from 3-point range), a game-high nine assists and five rebounds in 29 minutes. QUOTABLE III:  "The kid, Sessions, made the game easy for everybody. You can see how his speed can help us, and his ability to play pick-and-roll and turn the corner and get in the teeth of the defense, and set guys up for easy, what I call HORSE shots. That's where they've got their feet set and it's like when you're in seventh grade and you're playing HORSE with somebody and nobody shoots off the dribble."   -- Lakers coach  Mike Brown NOTABLE:  The Mavericks played without injured starters  Brendan Haywood  (sprained right knee) and  Shawn Marion  (sore left knee) for the third straight game. ... Kidd celebrates his 39th birthday on Friday. ... It was the 425th consecutive regular-season sellout (20,664) at the American Airlines Center, the longest active streak in the NBA. ... Dallas is 2-13 when trailing at halftime this season. ... The Lakers are 11-2 when they reach the century mark. ... The Mavs had almost twice as many steals (13) as turnovers (seven). UP NEXT:  For the Mavericks, Friday @ San Antonio, Saturday @ Houston, Tuesday vs. Houston. For the Lakers, Friday vs. Portland, Sunday vs. Memphis, Tuesday @ Golden State.  