Notebook: Nuggets 110, Jazz 91 
 
 
 Michael Kelly, For NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Jan 06, 2013 1:15 AM - Updated Sun Jan 06, 2013 1:15 AM 
 
 THE FACTS: Danilo Gallinari  scored 26 points,  Kenneth Faried  shook off the stomach flu to have 15 points and 10 rebounds and the Denver Nuggets bounced back from a disappointing home loss to Minnesota with a 110-91 rout of Utah on Saturday.  Andre Iguodala  had 18 points and six rebounds and  Ty Lawson  added 14 points in his return to the starting lineup for Denver (19-16). 
 
 Paul Millsap  led the Jazz (17-18) with 15 points and  Gordon Hayward  scored 14 off the bench. 
 The Nuggets led by 11 heading into the fourth and put it away with a 15-3 run to start the final quarter. Iguodala scored seven points in just over a minute to push the lead to 98-75 with 7:26 left and Denver was never threatened after that. 
 
 QUOTABLE : "I got some medication to help my stomach and also help the dehydration. It paid off a lot. I was able to come out and play but I still felt kind of queasy. They said it was up to me at game time but I'm not going to miss no games. It was real tough for me yesterday."  
 -- Kenneth Faried, on his illness that hit him Friday 
 
 THE STAT : Gallinari had one of his most efficient games. He was 7-for-11 from the field and 11-for-12 from the foul line. Only three Denver players had double-digit shots and no one had more than 12. 
 
 TURNING POINT : Denver used an 11-2 run at the start of the third quarter to take a 60-47 lead, but Utah scored eight straight to get within five points. The Nuggets, unlike Thursday's game against Minnesota, never lost control. Gallinari scored seven points, Faried had a dunk and a layup and they quickly went up by 14. 
 
 QUOTABLE II : "It was a bounce-back game played the right way, played with passion and intensity. I thought we got everything we wanted to do. We were executing our offense very well and they didn't get anybody hot." 
  -- Nuggets coach  George Karl 
 
 
 HOT : Iguodala has consistently put up solid numbers. Entering Saturday's game he was averaging 15 points, 7.2 rebounds and six assists in his last five games. He had another solid all-around performance again in this one. 
 
 NOT : After lighting up the Nuggets for 28 points in a win six weeks ago,  Al Jefferson  scored just 12 Saturday night. In his two games in Denver he is averaging eight points and is 5-for-22 from the field. 
 
 GOOD MOVE : Iguodala became a one-man force early in the fourth quarter. He had a driving dunk, grabbed a rebound and then used a ball fake to clear out the lane for a finger roll that gave Denver the 23-point lead with 7:26 left. 
 
 QUOTABLE III : "Just kind of got confident, got in that loosey-goosey mode where everything was working. I guess it just cleared out. Sometimes it works like that."  
 -- Andre Iguodala on the ball fake 
 
 BAD MOVE : With 18 seconds left in the third quarter, Hayward had a fast-break dunk waived off because he hung on the rim as the ball circled the hoop. It would have cut Denver's lead to six.  Andre Miller  then drained a 3-pointer with 1.4 seconds left to make it 83-72 heading into the fourth. 
 
 QUOTABLE IV : "I think there was a little contact and that's why I hung onto the rim. I didn't want to get undercut or anything, but for whatever reason he thought that me hanging onto the rim caused the ball to go in. I guess you've just got to live with that."  
 -- Gordon Hayward on his offensive goal-tending 
 
 NOTABLE : Nuggets guard  Julyan Stone  played for the first time this season. He was out while recovering from offseason hip surgery. ... The Nuggets (22) and Jazz (21) are 1-2 in number of road games played to date. ... Millsap had seven rebounds, four steals and three blocked shots to go with his 15 points. ... Denver has won 21 straight home games when scoring 100 or more points. 
 
 UP NEXT : For the Jazz, Sunday vs. Dallas, Tuesday @ Charlotte, Friday @ Atlanta. For the Nuggets, Sunday @ L.A. Lakers, Wednesday vs. Orlando, Friday vs. Cleveland. 
