  Notebook: Celtics 102, Bucks 96 Posted Wednesday February 29, 2012 11:34PM By Brian Robb, for NBA.com THE FACTS:   Rajon Rondo  had his third triple-double of the season, as the Boston Celtics held off a furious late comeback by the Milwaukee Bucks for a 102-96 win at TD Garden.  Kevin Garnett  added a game-high 25 points for the hosts, who seemingly had the came in hand up 15 points with less than three minutes remaining before Milwaukee mounted a late charge. The visitors closed the gap to two with 24 seconds remaining thanks to a 11-0 run but the Celtics were able to hit their free throws down the stretch to clinch their second straight win and get back to the .500 mark.  Ersan Ilyasova  had a double-double with 25 points and 10 rebounds for the Bucks, as they dropped 3 ½ games below the eighth seed in the Eastern Conference. QUOTABLE:  "I thought we did a great job in the second half adjusting with our defense. I thought we rebounded the ball a lot better and we kept our turnovers down which was one of the biggest issues we've had all season and I think we did a pretty good job of that tonight."   --  Paul Pierce THE STAT:  After the Bucks scored at will over the first 24 minutes, Boston's defense clamped down in the third quarter, holding Milwaukee to just 13 points on 5-for-22 shooting in the frame, helping the C's overturn a seven-point halftime deficit. TURNING POINT:  The Celtics erupted offensively over a 6:40 stretch during the third quarter, outscoring the Bucks 23-6 over the stretch behind nine points from Brandon Bass to turn the tide and build a 13-point lead. QUOTABLE II:  "I'm just glad we're back to .500. And we've won the first two after the break and both games were grind games. Our guys are buying into that."   -- Boston coach  Doc Rivers HOT:  Garnett -- The 35-year-old power forward did the majority of his damage over the final 12 minutes, scoring 11 of his game-high 25 points in the fourth quarter. NOT:   Carlos Delfino  -- After a strong first halfm (eight points) the sharpshooting small forward failed to find the bottom of the net in the second half. Delfino went scoreless in his 16 minutes after the break, while missing all six of his field-goal attempts. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:   Chris Wilcox  -- The veteran center could provide a lift to fantasy teams seeking a boost in the rebounding department. Wilcox corralled 13 rebounds to go along with seven points in 26 energetic minutes off the Boston bench. Since returning from a hip injury, Wilcox has averaged 12.3 rebounds in his last two games. ROOKIE WATCH:   Jon Leuer  -- The second-round pick made the most of his brief stint in the first half, tallying four points and three rebounds in just five minutes of action. NOTABLE:   Luc Mbah a Moute  did not play due to a left shoulder injury for Milwaukee.  Jermaine O'Neal  missed his third straight game with a sprained left wrist. O'Neal saw a hand specialist Wednesday to help treat the injury, and remains day-to-day. All five Boston starters scored in double figures. The triple-double was the 16th of Rondo's career. Boston led by as many as 17 points.  Mike Dunleavy Jr.  was whistled for a technical foul with 3:12 remaining in the fourth quarter. Garnett and  Larry Sanders  also were whistled for double technicals in the second quarter. The Bucks shot just 34 percent in the second half. It was the first time all season Boston scored over 100 points at home. UP NEXT:  For the Bucks, Friday @ Atlanta, Saturday @ Orlando, Monday vs. Philadelphia. For the Celtics, Friday vs. New Jersey, Sunday vs. New York, Tuesday vs. Houston.  