Notebook: Heat 117, Trail Blazers 104 
 
 
 Zachary Paul, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Feb 12, 2013 11:50 PM - Updated Tue Feb 12, 2013 11:50 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:  The Miami Heat defeated the Portland Trail Blazers 117-104 Tuesday at AmericanAirlines Arena.  
 
 LeBron James  continued his impressive stretch, finishing with 30 points, nine assists and six rebounds. James became the first player in league history to score 30 points while shooting 60 percent in six consecutive games, surpassing  Adrian Dantley  and  Moses Malone .  
 James finished 11-for-15 from the field. He has now made 60 of his last 80 shot attempts. The Heat trailed by 14 in the first half before going on a 38-10 run during the course of the second and third quarters.  
 After building a 14-point lead, the Trail Blazers made a strong push early in the fourth. A  Jared Jeffries  free throw tied the score at 88. Portland then built a five-point lead, 95-90, before the Heat tied it and put things away with a 10-0 run. 
 Center  Chris Bosh  led the Heat with 32 points and 11 rebounds while guard  Dwyane Wade  finished with 24 points, nine rebounds and seven assists.  
 Guard  Damian Lillard  led the Blazers with 33 points.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "They gave us everything they could for three quarters, and then we made some big defensive plays in the fourth quarter." 
 
 -- Heat coach  Erik Spoelstra 
 
 
 THE STAT:  James, Wade and Bosh combined for 86 points on 32-for-49 shooting.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  After trailing by 14 in the second quarter, the Heat closed the half with a 15-2 run to get back into the game.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "It was a LeBron James game. He did things when they needed to and he has been doing that for a while now. It is something people down here are getting used to seeing."  
 
 -- Blazers coach  Terry Stotts   
 
 
 HOT:  Another day, another big game from James. It's going to become tough for Spoelstra to find different ways to say James is a good player if this continues. He is in the midst of one of the most efficient stretches in league history.     
 
 NOT:  The Blazers tandem of  J.J. Hickson  and  LaMarcus Aldridge  was supposed to give the Heat trouble on the boards, especially on the offensive end. But Miami, despite being without injured  Udonis Haslem , was able to keep pace throughout.  
 
 GOOD MOVE:  How about Spoelstra going more with  Joel Anthony  once Haslem left the game with a lower leg contusion in the first half? Anthony, who had fallen out of the rotation, provided the Heat with his usual "energy" minutes.    
 
 BAD MOVE:  The Heat allowed James and Bosh to shoot at too high of a percentage. Both were able to hit tough shots, but the bulk of their production came on dunks, short jumpshots and easy layups.  
 
 NOTABLE:  James recorded his sixth straight 30-point game. ... The Heat improved to 23-3 at home and 19-5 overall against Western Conference teams. ... Heat swingman  Mike Miller  did not play because of the flu. ... It was the Heat's 1,000th victory in franchise history.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Thursday @ Oklahoma City, Feb. 20 @ Atlanta, Feb. 21 @ Chicago. For the Trail Blazers, Wednesday @ New Orleans, Tuesday vs. Phoenix, Feb. 22 @ L.A. Lakers. 
