Notebook: Heat 141, Kings 129 
 
 
 Zachary Paul, for NBA.com  
 
Posted Tue Feb 26, 2013 11:36 PM - Updated Tue Feb 26, 2013 11:36 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:   The Miami Heat defeated the Sacramento Kings 141-129 in double-overtime Tuesday at AmericanAirlines Arena.  
 For the Heat, it was the second consecutive game they needed a strong late-game surge to keep their winning streak alive. Miami has now won a season-high 12 straight games, the most in the Big Three era.  
 Once again, it was forward  LeBron James  and guard  Dwyane Wade  leading the way. James finished with a game-high 40 points, a season-high 16 assists and eight rebounds while Wade added a season-high 39 points, eight rebounds and seven assists. 
 The Heat trailed by as many as eight in the first half before regrouping early in the fourth quarter. Miami completed a similar comeback Sunday versus the Cleveland Cavaliers, with Wade scoring 15 fourth-quarter points.  
 The Kings pulled to within 112-110 on consecutive 3-pointers by  Marcus Thornton , the last coming with 23 seconds left.  After Wade missed two free throws, Sacramento responded with a put-back basket by center  DeMarcus Cousins  to force overtime.  
 Center  Chris Bosh  missed a jumper that would have won it in overtime before the Heat took control in the second extra session.  
 Sacramento was led by Thornton's 38 points.  
 
 QUOTABLE:   "It was probably felt like 20 innings if it were a baseball game. But we needed double-overtime and we did it."   -- James   
 
 THE STAT:   The 141 points by the Heat tied a franchise record. 
 
  TURNING POINT:  The Heat started the second overtime with an 11-3 run to take control. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We had every opportunity to win that game but it didn't fall our way this time. We had a game where two players had to get 40 and 39 points to put us away and I thought our guys stayed right there on the number."  
  -- Kings coach  Keith Smart 
 
 
 HOT:  Wade had his second consecutive strong game, making 13 of his first 20 shots. Finally healthy, he is easily playing his best basketball of the season. The plus for the Heat when Wade scores is James can focus on intangibles such as defense and rebounding.  
 
 NOT:  Bosh was a non-factor for most part. Some of it was because of Wade and James playing so well, but Bosh struggled with his shot all the game. The Heat went to him early, but his opportunities declined as the misses piled.  
 
 GOOD MOVE:   Joel Anthony  has all but been removed from the rotation in favor of  Chris Andersen . On this night, it was beneficial. Andersen served the same "energy" role as Anthony but also scored a season-high 10 points.      
 
 BAD MOVE:  The Kings had a chance to capitalize with Bosh being ineffective but they allowed Andersen and Allen to produce. Their combined scoring was more than enough to offset Bosh's play.  
 
 NOTABLE:  Miami forward  Shane Battier  did not play because of a sore hamstring. He is expected to return for Friday's game against the Memphis Grizzlies ... The Heat improved to 25-3 at home ... The Kings have now lost nine straight road games ... James recorded his 25th double-double of the season ... Thornton's point-total was the highest the Heat allowed to a reserve this season. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Friday vs. Grizzlies, Sunday @ Knicks, Monday @ Timberwolves. For the Kings, Wednesday @ Magic, Friday @ Spurs, Sunday vs. Bobcats.  
