  Notebook: Clippers 98, Blazers 97 Posted Saturday March 31, 2012 2:29AM By Dan Arritt, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Everyone inside Staples Center knew Friday night who would have the ball with the Clippers trailing by one point and less than 10 seconds remaining, most of all, the Trail Blazers. But they were unable to prevent the dribble-drive penetration by  Chris Paul  and subsequent layup with five seconds left, lifting the Clippers to a 98-97 victory that moved them within a game of the Lakers in the Pacific Division. QUOTABLE:  "I thought they might trap, but as I saw them go away, I saw an opportunity there and I just tried to attack and go to the rim."   -- Chris Paul THE STAT:  Three players scored 20 points for the Clippers and all five starters finished in double figures, as well as back-up guard Nick Young. Starting shooting guard  Randy Foye  had the most unexpected contribution, especially after picking up two fouls in the game's opening minute. He came back to score 12 of his 20 points in the second quarter and hit a huge 3-pointer down the stretch. Foye, who moved into a starter's role after  Chauncey Billups  was lost for the season, has been much more productive as a starter, averaging 11.2 points coming into the game, compared to 5.9 off the bench. TURNING POINT:  The Clippers trailed by four points after  Nicolas Batum  hit a 16-foot jumper with 1:25 remaining in the game.  Caron Butler  scored on his second drive to the basket in the final minutes, cutting the deficit back to two points.  J.J. Hickson  had a chance to push his team's lead back to four when he went to the free-throw line with 57 seconds on the clock. He missed both free throws, however, opening the door for the Clippers to take a one-point lead on a 3-pointer by Foye, courtesy of the 14th assist by Paul. After securing an offensive rebound off  Jamal Crawford 's miss, Crawford got another chance and this time he buried a high-arcing 21-footer with 13.9 seconds left, setting the stage for Paul's final heroics. HOT:  With their leading scorer,  LaMarcus Aldridge , sidelined with a sprained left elbow, someone had to step up for the Trail Blazers and that turned out to be Hickson. Claimed off waivers from Sacramento on March 21, he's looking like the steal of the season. He produced season highs of 29 points and 13 rebounds, while shooting 13-for-19 from the field. He was a handful for Clippers forward  Blake Griffin  down the stretch, making all four of his field-goal attempts and scoring eight points in the final 5:54. His memorable night ended on a sour note when he missed both free throws in the final minute, however. If he makes those, he matches his career high and it's a two-possession game. NOT:  Even after Paul scored with five seconds remaining, the Trail Blazers had a timeout remaining and were able to inbound the ball on their end of the floor. They chose to draw up a play for  Wesley Matthews , who drove through the lane and attempted a wild bank shot as his momentum carried him away from the basket. After coming up woefully short, he protested vehemently that he was fouled by Griffin, but to no avail. He ended up shooting 5-for-13 and scoring 12 points. GOOD MOVE:  The Clippers have been getting the ball to center  DeAndre Jordan  early in games and that has helped get the perimeter defense to sag off the guards. He scored eight of his 12 points in the opening quarter and hit all four of his shots, helping the Clippers to a 23-18 lead. BAD MOVE:  Hickson was having a great game, but having him guard Paul on the final possession was a mistake. Paul and his teammates recognized the mismatch in speed, spread the floor and Paul drove right around Hickson like he was a stop sign. QUOTABLE II:  "Early in the season, we might not have been able to gut that one out. We kept battling and found a way to get it done in the end."   -- Clippers coach  Vinny Del Negro . NOTABLE:  Aldridge, who is averaging 21.4 points, is listed as day-to-day after the suffering the injured elbow Thursday night in a victory against the visiting Hornets ... Paul had four more steals, extending his streak of games with at least one steal to 55. That matches  Gary Payton  for the fourth-longest streak in NBA history. Paul is No. 1 with 108 straight games with a steal from April 2007 to December 2008. At one time the Clippers were 8-9 in games decided by five points or less, now they've won three straight in the last two weeks. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Saturday vs. Utah, Monday @ Dallas, Wednesday vs. L.A. Lakers. For the Trail Blazers, Sunday vs. Minnesota, Monday vs. Utah, Wednesday vs. New Jersey.  