  Wizards-Celtics notebook   By Brian Robb, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday November 17, 2010 10:49PM THE FACTS:  The Boston Celtics put on an offensive clinic Wednesday night, cruising to a 114-83 win over a short-handed Washington Wizards squad.  Paul Pierce  carried a balanced offense that had six players in double figures, with an efficient 23 points in just 27 minutes of action.  Rajon Rondo  tallied his seventh double-double of the year with 12 points and 13 assists.  Nick Young  chipped in 20 points off the bench for the Wizards. Boston shot a season-high 65.8 percent from the field. QUOTABLE:  "For two days it's all we worked on ... we are a defensive spurt team, but I thought tonight we had incredible defensive focus. We have to be a defensive team"   -- Celtics coach  Doc Rivers  on the team's defensive performance. THE STAT:  The Celtics shot 79 percent from the field in the first quarter, led by Pierce's 12 points. Despite the offensive outburst, Boston only held a five-point lead at the end of the opening frame, as Washington was active on the offensive glass early with eight rebounds off their own misses. TURNING POINT:  Upon re-entering the game midway through the second quarter,  Kevin Garnett  jumpstarted the Celtics' second-quarter offense, scoring three baskets during a 12-0 run. With the outburst, Boston established a comfortable 17-point edge and never turned back, leading by double digits the rest of the way. QUOTABLE II:  "He looked really good. We were just happy he was out there. He is going to be big for us."   -- Garnett on  Delonte West 's season debut. HOT:   Shaquille O'Neal  continued his torrid shooting since returning from a right knee injury, hitting six of seven shots on his way to 13 points. The veteran center is shooting 81 percent from the field in his last two games. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Pierce continues to sizzle shooting the ball, hitting 3-for-3 3-pointers. The Celtics captain is now drilling an impressive 47.5 percent of his attempts from downtown on the young season. ROOKIE WATCH:  Celtics center  Semih Erden  shook off a slow start and foul trouble to post his best all-around numbers of the season. The Turkish rookie scored nine points off the bench, to go along with three rebounds and two assists. NOTABLE:  West had an active night in his season debut, posting a balanced line of 12 points, five rebounds and four assists in 21 minutes of action. West had missed the first 10 games of the season while serving a suspension. ... The Wizards had 14 offensive rebounds in the first half. ... Boston's starters collectively shot 71 percent from the field. ... Boston doubled Washington's offensive output in the paint 56-28. UP NEXT:  For the Wizards, Friday vs. Memphis, Sunday @ Detroit, Tuesday vs. Philadelphia. For the Celtics, Friday vs. Oklahoma City, Sunday @ Toronto, Monday @ Atlanta.  