Notebook: Warriors 109, Nets 102 
 
 
 Jake Appleman, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Dec 07, 2012 10:58 PM - Updated Fri Dec 07, 2012 10:58 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:   For the second time in 17 days, the Nets could not contain  David Lee 's energy or the combined efficiency of the Golden State Warriors backcourt. In a game that they consistently had to fight their way back into early on, the Warriors won, 109-102, on the strength of a 54-39 second half advantage. Lee finished with 30 points and 15 rebounds, while  Stephen Curry  poured in 28 points and dished out 5 assists.  
 The Nets wasted a season-high 32 points from  Joe Johnson , who consistently took high percentage shots.  Andray Blatche  racked up an impressive 22 points and 15 rebounds, but struggled guarding Lee.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I was just trying to hit the offensive glass. All I focused on going into these games is offensive rebounding and being aggressive on the glass and let the scoring take care of itself. I did that tonight, and of course Steph Curry and those guys shot the ball great." 
 -- Lee    
 
 
 THE STAT:   The Warriors converted 24 fast break points to just 2 for the Nets. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Seeing rare action,  MarShon Brooks  penetrated and flipped up one of his trademark floaters. The shot went off the glass and spun out. Down the other end, Lee gave the Warriors a four-point lead with a jumper at 93-89 and the Nets would get no closer.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "Just our effort defensively, it's like we weren't in tune. Put a lot of it on the guards, our one-on-one defense. They killed us on the glass, got all the 50-50 balls. You can't win like that." 
 -- Joe Johnson, on the Nets' second half struggles.  
 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  Yankees Closer  Mariano Rivera  and  Jay-Z  attended the game.  
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:   Draymond Green  corralled a career-high 10 rebounds. "He embodies the winning spirit," Warriors Coach  Mark Jackson  said, calling Green a "basketball genius." ...  Festus Ezeli  had a rough night, going scoreless and finishing with a -14. ...  Harrison Barnes  (6 points, 3 rebounds) had a quiet game.  
 
 NOTABLE:   Joe Johnson  scored 7 early points, using his size advantage to bully the smaller Warriors' backcourt on post-ups. He notched 15 of the Nets' 31 first-quarter points, the second most by a Net in a quarter this season after the 16 Johnson piled on the Cavaliers earlier in the season. ... Spurred by  Jarrett Ja c k  (15 points, 8 assists) the Warriors cut the Nets lead to 1 with a 13-4 second-quarter run. ... Curry finished with over 20 points for the sixth straight game, which had never happened before. ... The Warriors outscored the Nets in the paint 50-38. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Warriors, Saturday  @ Washington, Monday @ Charlotte, Wednesday @ Miami. For the Nets, Sunday vs. Milwaukee, Tuesday vs. New York, Wednesday @ Toronto.    
