Notebook: Pacers 102, Heat 89 
 
 
 Conrad Brunner, For NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Feb 01, 2013 11:08 PM - Updated Fri Feb 01, 2013 11:08 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:  David West  won't be going to the All-Star Game, a fact that does not sit well with the Indiana Pacers. Heat coach  Erik Spoelstra  may not be, either, thanks in no small part to Indiana's veteran power forward. West put on his own personal showcase Friday, racking up 30 points on 12-for-15 shooting to lead the Pacers to their second straight victory over Miami, 102-89, Friday night at Bankers Life Fieldhouse. West scored 22 of his points in the second and third quarters, when the Pacers seized control of the game, building a 15-point lead heading into the fourth quarter and keeping Miami at arm's length down the stretch. While Indiana (28-19) won its 13th in a row at home, Miami (29-14) saw its Eastern Conference lead over the Knicks slip to one-half game, jeopardizing Spoelstra's opportunity to serve as the East's coach. If Miami loses to Toronto and the Knicks beat Sacramento Sunday, New York's Mike Woodson would make the trip to Houston.  LeBron James  scored 28 with six rebounds and three assists to lead the Heat. 
 
 QUOTABLE :  "They're one of the best teams in the NBA, so it's good to beat them, but we can't overreact to this. We match up with them and I think we have some familiarity with them from the playoff series. It's just one game and they're a tough time and they're going to adjust the next time we see them."  
 -- David West 
 
 THE STAT :  Until his last two games against the Pacers, Miami's  Ray Allen  had not been held scoreless since 1997 -- which had been the only such occasion of his career. But he has failed to score in both games in Indiana, missing all nine of his shots. 
 
 TURNING POINT :  The Pacers' second unit provided a much-needed cushion with a 13-0 run bridging the first and second periods, with  Tyler Hansbrough  scoring seven of the points as Indiana took a 33-23 lead. West then put it out of reach in the third quarter, scoring 16 points, the last of which came on a fast-break dunk that pushed Indiana's lead to 78-59.  
 
 QUOTABLE II : "David West was spectacular. He has a way of giving us contagious confidence. He has that look in his eye like 'we're not going to be beat' and it carries over to everyone else."  
 -- Indiana coach  Frank Vogel 
 
 
 HOT :  West wasn't Indiana's only hot hand.  Lance Stephenson  continued his recent surge with 15 points on 6-for-11 shooting.  Paul George  had 15 points, six rebounds, six assists and two steals, and Hansbrough scored 11 off the bench. Miami reserve  Chris Andersen  made all four of his shots. 
 
 NOT: Dwyane Wade  was once again a relative non-factor, scoring a quiet 17 points on 7-for-16 shooting.  Roy Hibbert  was scoreless without a rebound in the first half but finished with seven points and six boards. 
 
 QUOTABLE III :  "They're a good basketball team, especially at home. They are not as good on the road. They're kind of like us in that regard, a great team at home, struggling a little on the road. Have they improved? Yes, they've improved. The biggest improvement is with Paul George. That's why he's an All-Star."  
 -- LeBron James on the Pacers 
 
 NOTABLE :  This is Indiana's longest home win streak since a 14-gamer in the 2002-03 season. ... Indiana has won 17 of 21 from Miami at home. ... West's 30-point game was his third of the season. ... Indiana shot a season-high 55.7 percent from the field and outrebounded Miami 34-25. ...  Sam Young  made his first appearance since re-signing with Indiana on Monday, going scoreless in 11 minutes off the bench. ...  Danny Granger  took a major step in his comeback, responding well after participating in his first full-contact workout, a 20-minute halfcourt scrimmage on Thursday. He is on pace to return before the All-Star break. 
 
 UP NEXT :  For the Pacers, Monday vs. Chicago, Tuesday vs. Atlanta, Wednesday @ Philadelphia. For the Heat, Sunday @ Toronto, Monday vs. Charlotte, Wednesday vs. Houston. 
