
 Blazers-Clippers notebook   By Dan Arritt, for NBA.com Posted Thursday October 28, 2010 2:15AM THE FACTS:   The Portland Trail Blazers went on a 15-0 fourth-quarter run to flip the momentum Wednesday against the Los Angeles Clippers and win for the second consecutive night, 98-88, at Staples Center. QUOTABLE:    "We started to look like we were getting heavy legs."   -- Portland coach  Nate McMillan  on his decision to go with a zone defense in the fourth quarter. THE STAT:    A night after collecting 18 offensive rebounds in a victory against visiting Phoenix, the Blazers showed their tenacity on the glass against the Clippers, grabbing 21 more. Unfortunately, they only turned them into 15 second-chance points. TURNING POINT:    With 8:23 remaining and the Clippers holding a four-point lead, the Trail Blazers reinserted starters  Brandon Roy ,  LaMarcus Aldridge  and  Nicolas Batum , while the Clippers returned rookie  Blake Griffin  to the floor. The Clippers then missed nine consecutive field goals and their lead was long gone. QUOTABLE II:    "In the fourth quarter, their zone bothered us."   -- Clippers coach  Vinny Del Negro . HOT:    Roy scored his team's last 11 points of the first half, helping them take a 54-49 lead. He finished with a team-high 22, including 18 in the first half. GOOD MOVE:    McMillan's decision to go to a zone defense in the fourth quarter certainly paid dividends. BAD MOVE:    With the score tied 80-80, Del Negro took out hot-shooting  Rasual Butler  and replaced him with starter  Ryan Gomes . By the time he put Butler back in, the Clippers were down 10 with 3:23 remaining. Butler was 4-for-6 on 3-pointers when he left the game. ROOKIE WATCH:    Griffin finished with 20 points and 14 rebounds in his first NBA game and showed the size, athleticism and intensity that made him the first overall pick in 2009. NOTABLE:    Portland is 2-0 to start the season for the first time since 2004. UP NEXT:    For the Clippers, Friday @ Warriors, Sunday vs. Mavericks, Monday vs. Spurs. For the Trail Blazers, Saturday @ Knicks, Monday @ Chicago, Tuesday @ Milwaukee. 
