  Mavericks-Thunder notebook   By Randy Renner, NBA.com Posted Wednesday November 24, 2010 11:48PM THE FACTS:  The Dallas Mavericks used a flurry of 3-point baskets and a stifling defense midway through the fourth quarter to spark a come-from-behind 111-103 win over the Oklahoma City Thunder. Dallas trailed 90-83 when  Dirk Nowitzki  hit consecutive long balls to bring the Mavs back. Nowitzki led all scorers with 34 points.  Kevin Durant  led OKC with 32 points and 11 rebounds. The Mavericks victory snapped a five game winning streak for the Thunder. QUOTABLE:  "We have never quit on a game, we just look for good things to happen. This is a great win for us on the second night of a back-to-back."  -- Mavericks coach  Rick Carlisle THE STAT:  Through almost three and a half quarters Dallas was just 5-for-21 on 3-pointers. Then during a three minute span midway through the fourth the Mavs were 4-for-5 from long range. TURNING POINT:  With Dallas trailing 90-83 in the fourth quarter and a sellout crowd roaring through a Mavs timeout Nowitzki came out and drained a 3-pointer while being fouled. He sank the free throw to complete a four-point play. After a Thunder miss Nowitzki nailed another three and then  Jason Terry  splashed from downtown to finish a 10-0 run and quiet the crowd. QUOTABLE II:  "Dirk's four-point play really sparked us, that's what brought us back."  --  Carlisle HOT:  At the 7:50 mark in the third quarter Oklahoma City forward  Jeff Green  had 17 points on 7-for-11 shooting. NOT:  The rest of the game Green was 0-for-2 and did not score. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:   Tyson Chandler  was 5-for-9 shooting for 17 points, he also hauled down 18 rebounds, blocked a shot and stole the ball once. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Hundreds of fans enjoyed a block party outside the arena, enjoying a 75-degree afternoon. By the time those fans left Oklahoma City Arena winter had blasted in with temperatures dropping into the 30s behind a howling north wind gusting above 40 miles-an-hour. GOOD MOVE:  Thunder center  Serge Ibaka  rotated out to defend Mavericks point guard  Jason Kidd  near the top of the circle then as Kidd passed down low to Dallas center Chandler, Ibaka raced down under the rim and blocked Chandler's shot. BAD MOVE : Dallas guard  DeShawn Stevenson  nailed a long 3-pointer early in the game and sauntered back down court while making his "3-eye" gesture. Meanwhile  Kevin Durant  cut along the baseline, avoided Stevenson and dropped in a turn-around jumper. ROOKIE WATCH:  Mavs guard  Dominique Jones  did not play. Thunder center  Cole Aldrich  has been sent to Tulsa of the NBDL. NOTABLE:  After holding Dallas to just 20 points in the 3rd quarter on 6-for-23 (26.1%) shooting the Thunder defense disappeared in the final frame allowing the Mavericks to score 36 points on 13-for-22 (59.1%) shooting. UP NEXT:  For the Mavericks, Friday @ San Antonio, Saturday vs Heat, Monday vs Rockets. For the Thunder, Friday @ Indiana, Sunday @ Houston, Monday vs Hornets.  