  Notebook: Celtics 100, Wizards 94   By Daimon Eklund, for NBA.com  Posted Sunday January 22, 2012 6:05PM THE FACTS:   Paul Pierce  led the short-handed Boston Celtics to a 100-94 win against the Washington Wizards on Sunday. Pierce scored 34 points and had eight assists, both season highs, and also tied his season best with eight rebounds. Point guard  Rajon Rondo  missed his second straight game with a sprained right wrist, and guard  Ray Allen  left in the second quarter with a jammed left ankle, but Pierce carried the Celtics, scoring 14 points in the final nine minutes. John Wall  led the Wizards with 27 points, seven assists and a season-high 10 rebounds. QUOTABLE:  "At the end of the day, your big players have to step up and play well for you to win, especially games when you have guys out. And Paul did everything."   -- Boston coach  Doc Rivers THE STAT:  Pierce scored 34 points and took just 15 shots, going 10-for-15 from the field and 12-of-15 from the free throw line. Pierce had scored a total of 20 points in his previous two games. TURNING POINT:  Boston took a 15-point lead in the third quarter, but Washington came back. With six minutes to go, the Wizards'  Nick Young  took a long pass from  Andray Blatche  for a fast-break dunk, was fouled and converted the three-point play to give Washington a 84-83 lead. Pierce immediately answered with a jumper to take the lead back, and Boston never trailed the rest of the way. The jumper was the end of a stretch where Pierce had scored 10 straight points for the Celtics. QUOTABLE II:  "It's tough. I know his game. A great scorer, a great player, somebody who once he got going, you can't stop him. We should've, we was trying our best to get the ball out of his hands, but when a superstar wants the ball, they're going to do the things to get it."   - Wizards guard Young, talking about Pierce's performance. HOT:   Kevin Garnett  didn't miss a shot in the second half, going 6-for-6. He scored five of his 17 points in the final two minutes, including a big dunk down the lane with two minutes left to give Boston a five-point lead. NOT:  Washington is slowly improving, but the Wizards still have the NBA's worst record at 2-14. NOTABLE:  Allen was injured on an offensive, away-from-the-ball foul by  Jan Vesely  in the second quarter. It was the second foul by Vesely that sent Allen to the floor, although they didn't appear to be intentional. Rivers didn't know when Allen or Rondo would be able to return, but he said Rondo was "close" and Allen said he wouldn't rule himself out for Monday's game. QUOTABLE III:  "I was joking with (Wizards coach  Flip Saunders ), when the same guy the third time knocked him down, I asked him, 'Did they have a hit out on Ray?'"   - Rivers UP NEXT:  For the Celtics, Monday vs. Orlando, Thursday @ Orlando, Friday vs. Indiana. For the Wizards, Monday @ Philadelphia, Wednesday vs. Charlotte, Friday @ Houston.  