  Cavaliers -Bulls notebook   By Kent McDill, for NBA.com Posted Saturday January 1, 2011 10:29PM THE FACTS : The Bulls used a very strong defensive and offensive third quarter to take a 100-91 victory over the Cleveland Cavaliers Saturday at the United Center. The Cavaliers (8-25) led most of the first half. After  Kyle Korver  hit a three-pointer to give the Bulls a 49-47 second quarter lead, the Cavaliers scored the next nine points on the way to a 61-53 halftime lead. The Bulls opened the second half with a 17-4 run to take the lead and led 79-68 with three minutes left in the third on a reverse lay-up by  Derrick Rose . Rose finished with 28 points and 11 assists, while  Carlos Boozer  had 20 points and 11 rebounds. THE FACTS II:  The Cavaliers played without starters  Anderson Varejao  (fractured cheek) and guard Mo Williams (left hip flexor strain). Also, guard  Daniel Gibson  did not play because of an inner thigh contusion.  J.J. Hickson  led the Cavaliers with 21 points off the bench. QUOTABLE:  "I think they came out a little upset the way they played the first half and we came out happy the way we played the first half. They took it to us."    -- Cleveland coach   Byron Scott. THE STAT:  The Bulls have held 13 of their last 15 opponents under the league average of 45.5 percent shooting (Cleveland shot 40.2 Saturday). The Los Angeles Clippers and New York Knicks shot 50.7 and 53.2 as the last two teams to beat the Bulls. THE STAT II:  The Bulls, one of the worst free throw shooting teams in the league, were 16 for 17 from the line through three quarters. Then, with the Cavaliers trying to stage a comeback in the fourth quarter, the Bulls went nine for 15. TURNING POINT : With the game getting away from them, the Cavaliers went two for 18 through the first 10 minutes of the third quarter and "lost'' the quarter 32-9. They shot almost 55 percent in the first half. HOT: Luol Deng , considered the third option on the Bulls, is having a tremendous season, and went nine for 17 for 23 points for the Bulls in a team-high 39:55 of playing time. NOT: Anthony Parker  of the Cavaliers went three for 14 from the field, including one for six from 3-point range, for seven points Saturday. He did have a team-high eight assists. QUOTABLE II:  "As long as I'm on the court, I think I can win the game. I don't care who is out there with me."    - Cleveland forward  Antawn Jamison , talking about the Cavaliers' strong effort despite missing three key players. GOOD MOVE:  Playing in place of injured center  Joakim Noah, Kurt Thomas  had a season-high 13 rebounds and rookie  Omer Asik  had five rebounds in 17 minutes of playing time as Thomas' backup. NOTABLE : The Bulls have not played teams with winning records in back-to-back games since Dec. 1-3 (Orlando and Boston) and do not play teams currently over .500 in back-to-back games until Feb. 9-12 (at Utah and at New Orleans). UP NEXT : For the Bulls, vs. Toronto Tuesday, at New Jersey Wednesday, at Philadelphia Friday. For the Cavaliers, vs. Dallas Sunday, vs. Toronto Wednesday, at Golden State Friday.  