  Suns-Bobcats notebook   By Derek S. Smith, for NBA.com Posted Saturday November 20, 2010 10:49PM THE FACTS:   Stephen Jackson  scored 24 points, grabbed 10 rebounds and dished out 10 assists to record the first triple-double in franchise history as the Charlotte Bobcats downed the Phoenix Suns 123-105 Saturday night at Time Warner Cable Arena.  Boris Diaw  led all scorers with 26 points while Grant Hill led Phoenix with 23 points. QUOTABLE:  "They were a small team out there without their star player and we knew that we could attack and be aggressive. We knew that if we played defense we could beat these guys."  --  Jackson THE STAT:  Phoenix from behind the arc. The Suns shot just 5-for-21 (.238) from behind the arc in Saturday's loss to Charlotte. The Suns came in averaging 9.0 threes on the season and were connecting on 37.5 percent of their attempts. TURNING POINT:   Tyrus Thomas  alley-oop. The Charlotte forward slammed home a pass from Jackson at the 8:01 mark of the third quarter. The dunk ignited the home crowd and was an important piece of Charlotte's 13-2 run. The Bobcats and Suns were tied for the only time in the second half when the run began. The Bobcats were leading 73-60 after a Diaw jumper at the close of the run and never looked back. QUOTABLE II:  "We let a team that is averaging 93 points a game score 123 and they were nice about it. They probably could have scored 140. If we are going to be a good team we have to play defense. I'm disappointed. We can't use the fact that Steve (Nash) is out as an excuse; we still have 12 guys on our team that have to play. We didn't do what we were supposed to do. When you are an NBA team and you play like we did, you are going to lose and we did.  --  Phoenix coach  Alvin Gentry HOT:  Jackson. The Charlotte guard scored 24 points, grabbed 10 rebounds and dished out 10 assists to register the triple-double in franchise history. On the night Jackson was 10-for-13 from the floor and 4-for-7 from behind the arc and added two steals and two blocks to his stat line. Jackson is averaging 26.0 points, 5.0 rebounds and 5.3 assists over his last four games. He has also connected on 18 threes in that span. QUOTABLE III:  "Coach (Brown) told me I needed to get a rebound and two assists. I was ready to come out and wasn't concerned about the triple-double, but that's the thing that we all love about coach. He wanted me to stay in the game and wanted me to get the triple-double. I thank Coach for thinking about me."  --  Jackson NOT : Phoenix Suns defense. The Suns allowed Charlotte to shoot 57.5% from the floor and score 123 points which is almost 30 points better than their 93.2 average on the season and was a season-high point total. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Thomas had a strong night off the bench for Charlotte. The Bobcats forward was 9-for-13 from the floor and a perfect 4-for-4 from the charity stripe. He scored 22 points and grabbed six rebounds. Thomas has scored at least 20 points in two of the last three games. ROOKIE WATCH:  Phoenix had no impact from their rookies Saturday.  Gani Lawal  has been assigned to the Iowa Energy of NBA Developmental League where he scored 22 points and had 13 rebounds in a win Friday night over the Dakota Wizards while  Garret Siler  was a DNP-CD.  Sherron Collins , the lone rookie on Charlotte's roster, had an assist in one minute of action. NOTABLE:  Jackson's triple-double was the second of his career. The first came against Phoenix on February 4, 2009 when he tallied 30 points, 11 rebounds and 10 assists for Golden State. Charlotte guard  D.J. Augustin  scored in double figures for the seventh time this season (16 points) and tied his career high with six rebounds. Diaw scored a season-high 26 points. Charlotte forward  Dominic McGuire  saw his first action as a member of the Bobcats. He contributed three rebounds, three assists and one block in 18 minutes of action.  Grant Hill  and  Hedo Turkoglu  notched season highs with 23 and 18 points respectively. Goran Dragic, starting for the injured Steve Nash, had his first double-double of the season with 17 points and 10 assists. UP NEXT : For the Suns, Monday @ Houston, Wednesday vs. Chicago, Friday vs. Clippers. For the Bobcats, Tuesday @ New York, Wednesday vs. New York, Friday vs. Houston.  