Notebook: Nuggets 101, 76ers 100 
 
 
 Michael Kelly, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Mar 22, 2013 1:08 AM - Updated Fri Mar 22, 2013 1:08 AM 
 
 THE FACTS:  The Denver Nuggets' winning streak is still alive thanks to  Corey Brewer  and an improbable comeback. 
 Brewer hit three free throws with 2.1 seconds left and the Nuggets rallied from five down with 14 seconds left to beat the Philadelphia 76ers 101-100 on Thursday night. 
 Brewer scored a career-high 29 points, including the final six points of the game, to push Denver's winning streak to 14.  
 
 Andre Miller  had a season-high 21 for the Nuggets, who have won 16 straight at home. 
 The Sixers led 98-90 with 2:07 left but managed just two free throws the rest of the way.  Damien Wilkins  had a potential game-winning shot blocked by  Anthony Randolph  at the buzzer. 
 Wilkins finished with a season-high 24 points and  Jrue Holiday  had 18 points and 15 assists for Philadelphia, which has lost 15 straight on the road. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "That's some crazy stuff that just happened. The season's been rough. That's one you just shake your head. It seems like a fluke to me."  
 -- Philadelphia's  Evan Turner 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Nuggets were held to just 48 points in the paint, 11 below their league-leading season average, and just 15 fast-break points -- and still won. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  After Brewer hit a 3-pointer to make it 100-98 with 9.2 seconds left, Denver fouled Turner to send him to the line. He missed both free throws, Denver called a timeout and set up a play for Brewer. He got off a long 3-pointer and was fouled by Wilkins. Brewer hit all three to complete the comeback. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "That first one, I'm not going to lie to you, a lot of nerves right there.  I was like, 'I've got to make the first one.' That's all I was saying in my head. I make the first one; the other two get a lot easier."  
 -- Corey Brewer 
 
 
 HOT:  Brewer was the man who came through for the shorthanded Nuggets. With  Ty Lawson  (strained right heel) and  Wilson Chandler  (separated left shoulder) out, Brewer became the de facto go-to guy, scoring 11 points in the fourth quarter and showing nerves of steel at the line.  
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "You can't play well all the time, and it's when you don't play well that you figure out how to come up with a win. I'm not going to deny this was somewhat lucky but we got Corey to have a hot game. He had huge [guts]."  
 -- Nuggets coach  George Karl 
 
 
 NOT:  The Sixers down the stretch. After grabbing a 98-90 lead with 2:07 left they had a shot-clock violation, missed two big free throws and let Brewer get open for a big 3-pointer. 
 
 QUOTABLE IV:  "We had a seven-point lead and the ball. I can sit here and do my best TNT [sugar-coating] and the end result we didn't get it done."  
 -- Sixers coach  Doug Collins 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  After two tough road games, and with two players out, Karl expanded his bench instead of putting more pressure on his regular rotation. Randolph came through with some big plays in 21 minutes, including a fast-break dunk that made it 98-95 and the block on Wilkins as time expired 
 
 BAD MOVE:  The Nuggets average 15 turnovers a game but they hit that total midway through the third quarter. They finished with 20. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Philadelphia's  Arnett Moultrie  came into the game averaging 2.6 points and 2.5 rebounds and finished with eight points and eight rebounds.  
 
 NOTABLE:  Chandler said before the opening tip he will likely be out for Denver's next two games, but he said the shoulder separation suffered Tuesday was not a season-ending one. ... Miller had 20 points in two consecutive games. It's the first time he's done that since February 2008 when he was with Philadelphia. ...  Spencer Hawes  finished with 17 points, 12 rebounds and four blocks. In two games against Denver he is averaging 16.5 points, 12 rebounds and 4.5 blocks.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Sixers, Sunday @ Sacramento, Monday @ Utah, Wednesday vs. Milwaukee. For the Nuggets, Saturday vs. Sacramento, Monday @ New Orleans, Wednesday @ San Antonio. 
