  Bucks-Jazz notebook   By Andrew Aragon, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday November 30, 2010 12:33AM THE FACTS: Al Jefferson  and  Deron Williams  had double-doubles as the Utah Jazz routed the Milwaukee Bucks 109-88 on Monday night. It was Utah's sixth straight win. Jefferson had his seventh double-double of the season with 22 points and 11 rebounds, while Williams had 22 points and 10 assists. Utah's backup guards,  Earl Watson  and  Ronnie Price , also provided the team with a spark and kept the second unit playing well. Watson had 12 points and seven assists. Price had 10 points and three rebounds. Brandon Jennings  scored 27 points to lead the Bucks, who have lost six of their last seven games. QUOTABLE:  "You've seen the Energizer Bunny? (Watson and Price) are our Energizer Bunnies. They come on the floor and give us a spark on offense and defense. They are amazing."   -- Jazz forward  Andrei Kirilenko  on Utah's second team, led by Watson and Price, providing the team with yet another lift THE STAT:  48-26. The Bucks, without the injured  Andrew Bogut  and  Drew Gooden , were hammered in the paint by the Jazz. Utah outrebounded Milwaukee 48-26, and collected 16 offensive boards. The Jazz also had a 54-18 advantage in points scored in the paint. TURNING POINT:  At the start of the fourth quarter, the Bucks were within striking distance of the Jazz, trailing 80-73. But Milwaukee failed to score for the first 4:41 of the period, missing its first five shots and committing three turnovers during the span. Utah was able to stretch its lead to 87-73 to put the game away. QUOTABLE II:  "At halftime we only had three guys that had a defensive rebound on the roster. I don't know if I've ever seen that in a game. They took it to us from mid-third quarter on and we had a hard time with it."   --Bucks coach  Scott Skiles  on his team's inability to rebound, and the Jazz pulling away in the second half HOT:  Kirilenko didn't have a great shooting night (4-for-9), but he contributed in several ways. He looked like the versatile Kirilenko of old, contributing 13 points, eight rebounds, four assists and four blocked shots. NOT:  Milwaukee's offense struggled throughout the game. The Bucks missed eight of their first 10 shots, and shot 34.7 percent in the game. No player had a worse night than Bucks guard  John Salmons , who shot 1-for-11 and scored six points. For the Jazz,  C.J. Miles  shot 2-for-9 and scored six points. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Jennings had a night his owners are accustomed to. He gave them a boost by scoring nearly 10 points more than his average, but shot 8-for-20. He also had four assists, three steals and two rebounds. GOOD MOVE:  Jazz coach  Jerry Sloan  played Watson more than usual, and Watson earned it. He had a season-high in minutes (27), points (12), field goals made (five) and rebounds (six). He tied his season-highs for assists (seven) and steals (two). The 6-foot-1 Watson also had a blocked shot on the 5-foot-5  Earl Boykins . ROOKIE WATCH:   Larry Sanders  started for the injured Bogut at center, and had been playing quite well in recent games. He didn't do much against the Jazz, however, scoring four points and grabbing two rebounds in a little more than 16 minutes of play. NOTABLE:  Bucks guard  Corey Maggette  dressed but did not play while dealing with ankle soreness and a sickness. ... The Jazz have defeated the Bucks nine straight times in Utah. ... Utah shot 69 percent in the second quarter. ... The Jazz had a season-high 10 blocked shots. ... Milwaukee's  Chris Douglas-Roberts  and  Ersan Ilyasova  each had season-highs in scoring. Douglas-Roberts had 19 points and Ilyasova had 18. UP NEXT:  For the Bucks, Wednesday @ Denver, Saturday vs. Orlando, Monday vs. Miami. For the Jazz, Wednesday vs. Indiana, Friday vs. Dallas, Monday vs. Memphis.  