Notebook: Bucks 108, Suns 99 
 
 
 Rick Braun, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Jan 09, 2013 12:14 AM - Updated Wed Jan 09, 2013 12:49 AM 
 
 THE FACTS: Brandon Jennings  scored 29 points and dished out nine assists to lead the Milwaukee Bucks to a 108-99 victory over the Phoenix Suns Tuesday night at the BMO Harris Bradley Center in  Jim Boylan's  debut as Bucks coach. 
 
 Monta Ellis  added 13 points, rookie  John Henson  had 12 points and 11 rebounds and center  Larry Sanders  had 10 points, eight rebounds, six blocked shots and three steals as the Bucks snapped a four-game losing streak. 
 
 Goran Dragic  had 21 points and  Marcin Gortat  added 16 points and 14 rebounds for the Suns (12-24), who lost for the ninth time in 10 games and the ninth straight time on the road. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "Brandon was great today. He was under control. He was aggressive, yet he was looking for his teammates. He was just playing the game, which is great for him. Just go out there and play the game. It's kind of a simple statement, but shoot when you're open, pass when you're covered. I thought that's what he tried to do tonight." 
 -- Boylan 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Suns shot 63.6 percent (14 for 22) in the first quarter for 33 of their points, but just 23 for 68 (33.8 percent) and scored just 66 points over the final 36 minutes. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Sebastian Telfair's  3-pointer bounced off the rim about three times before falling through for a 33-26 lead at the first-quarter buzzer, but the Suns then missed their first nine shots in the second quarter and were never the same offensively again. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "It was just kind of instinct. I really didn't see where the ball went. It disappeared on me. It gets the crowd energized and pumped a little bit. They loved the energy at the time." 
 -- Sanders on how he used his hand to shield his eyes after swatting Shannon Brown's shot deep into the stands in the final minute for his sixth block. 
 
 
 HOT:  Bucks backup point guard  Beno Udrih  made 5 of 6 shots, and Jennings made 5 of 7 from behind the arc and 9 of 15 overall. 
 
 NOT:  Bucks backup center  Ekpe Udoh  missed all five shots he took. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "I like Larry's emotion. He and I talk about it. He's got to use it in a positive way. Larry is growing and maturing. If you think back to where Larry was this time last year and where he is today right now as a basketball player, it's amazing." 
 -- Boylan on Sanders' late blocked-shot celebration. 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Boylan decided to put  Ersan Ilyasova  back in the starting lineup at power forward and use rookie  John Henson  as the backup at that spot. The two combined for 24 points and 17 rebounds. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Henson, the 14th overall pick, can now count on regular minutes as the backup at power forward. In his first night of that role he tallied 12 points, 11 rebounds two assist and a blocked shot. Henson is averaging 12 rebounds over his last four games. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Boylan learned Monday he would replace  Scott Skiles  as Bucks head coach after general manager  John Hammond  and Skiles agreed mutually to have Skiles depart. ...  Wesley Johnson's  second-quarter shot from underneath the basket ended up coming to rest on the back of the rim with 9:24 left in the half. The Bucks won the ensuing jump ball at center court. ... The Bucks snapped a four-game losing streak. ... Sanders has blocked at least four shots in four straight games. ... Phoenix's  Luis Scola  also had a double-double with 12 points and 10 rebounds. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Suns, Wednesday @ Boston, Friday @ Brooklyn, Saturday @ Chicago. For the Bucks, Wednesday @ Chicago, Friday vs. Detroit, Sunday @ Toronto. 
