  Notebook: Bulls 104, Grizzlies 64   By Kent McDill, for NBA.com Posted Sunday January 1, 2012 11:31PM THE FACTS:  The Chicago Bulls had to wait until 2012 to have their home opener for the 2011-12 season but celebrated in high fashion Sunday by crushing the Memphis Grizzlies 104-64.  Carlos Boozer  had the biggest individual game among Bulls starters with 17 points and 11 rebounds in just 24 minutes. Last year's Most Valuable Player,  Derrick Rose , only had to play 26 minutes on the way to 16 points and six assists. Chicago Bulls guard  Ronnie Brewer  started in place of  Richard "Rip'' Hamilton , who was a very late scratch from the lineup because of a groin injury, and Brewer finished with 17 points, seven rebounds and five assists. The Grizzlies, who were coming off an impressive home win against Houston Friday, were led by deep reserves  Josh Davis  and  Sam Young  with 10 points each. QUOTABLE:  "We knew it was opening night. We wanted to give fans something to cheer about."   --  Bulls guard Ronnie Brewer. THE STAT:  The Grizzlies starters combined for just 21 points on 8-for-41 shooting (19.5 percent).  Rudy Gay  was two for 12 from the field and  Jeremy Pargo , starting in place of injured  Mike Conley , was two for 13. TURNING POINT:  After the teams combined for 12-for-47 shooting in the first quarter, the Bulls outscored the Grizzlies 19-4 in the final seven minutes of the second quarter to open a 54-28 halftime edge. Boozer had 11 points in that stretch for the Bulls. THE MOMENT:  With the Bulls up by 38, 82-44, in the final seconds of the third quarter, Bulls backup center  Omer Asik  chased a ball out of bounds for a steal, scooped it out to guard  C.J. Watson  across the court, and Watson threw a one-touch pass to streaking Ronnie Brewer down the lane for a flying dunk that brought the previously comatose crowd to its feet. INJURY UPDATE:  Rip Hamilton reported a tweak in his groin before the game that caused Bulls coach  Tom Thibodeau  to substitute Ronnie Brewer in the starting lineup. Bulls guard C.J. Watson suffered a left elbow injury in the second half and was taken immediately to the locker room. Memphis guard Michael Conley did not play for the second straight game because of a high ankle sprain but is expected to play Tuesday against Sacramento. Forward  Zach Randolph  bruised his right knee and played only 11 minutes. HOT:  Ronnie Brewer, who entered the game with a streak of seven consecutive made shots, went eight for 10 for his 17 points. NOT:  With his 2-for-12 performance Sunday, Rudy Gay of Memphis is six for 23 in his last two games and 15 for 47 in his last three games. ROOKIE WATCH:  Playing in place of injured Mike Conley, rookie Jeremy Pargo played 27 minutes for Memphis. Although he only scored four points in 2-for-13 shooting, he had only two turnovers. He also only had one assist. QUOTABLE II:  "It was embarrassing, humiliating.''   --  Memphis coach  Lionel Hollins . INSIDE THE ARENA:  The Bulls honored  Maggie Daley , the wife of former Mayor  Richard M. Daley , with a video tribute before the game. Maggie Daley died in November from breast cancer at the age of 68. GOOD MOVE:  With an eye toward the heavy concentration of games in this lockout-shortened season, Bulls coach Tom Thibodeau got all of his regular starters out of the game before the end of the third quarter as the Bulls led by 40. NOTABLE:  The Bulls had 12 blocked shots, led by backup center Omer Asik, who had three blocks, eight points and eight rebounds in his 24 minutes of play. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Tuesday vs. Hawks, Wednesday at Pistons, Friday at Magic. For the Grizzlies, Tuesday vs. Kings, Wednesday at Timberwolves, Friday at Jazz.  