  Notebook: Thunder 98, Rockets 95   By Matt Miller, for NBA.com Posted Saturday January 7, 2012 11:59PM THE FACTS:  With  Kevin Durant  and the Oklahoma City Thunder struggling mightily through two-plus quarters,  Russell Westbrook  took charge in the third. Then with Westbrook unable to score late in the fourth, Durant took the wheel and guided Oklahoma City to victory. Durant netted 27 points on 10-for-25 shooting, grabbed six rebounds and nailed a clutch 19-foot jumper and two free throws in the final 30 seconds to lift the Thunder to a 98-95 win over the Houston Rockets on Saturday at Toyota Center. Westbrook nailed 10 of 20 shots for 25 points and handed out six assists, while  Nazr Mohammed  poured in 17 points and pulled down six boards for Oklahoma City (7-2), which has won the first two games of its lone back-to-back-to-back set this season. Luis Scola  led Houston (2-6), which has lost four consecutive games, with a season-high 28 points but needed 28 shots to get there.  Goran Dragic  netted 20 points to go with eight assists and four rebounds. QUOTABLE:  "It might sound odd, but late in the game I just don't care anymore. I think that's the best way to go about it. You think about it too much, then you end up overdoing it or missing [shots]. ... I wanted to be that guy who made big shots [the first four years of my career]. ... I think I cared a little bit too much."  --  Durant on taking clutch shots. THE STAT:  After allowing their last two opponents to average 31.5 free throws, the Thunder sent Houston to the line for only 15 free-throw attempts. Oklahoma City, meanwhile, shot 22 free throws and went 15-for-15 from the charity stripe after halftime. TURNING POINT:  Houston held a 72-60 lead with 2:38 remaining in the third quarter when Oklahoma City ripped off a 19-2 run, led by a combined 14 points from Mohammed and Westbrook, to claim a 79-74 advantage early in the fourth. QUOTABLE II:  "Russell willed our team to win with his toughness on both ends of the floor. He was controlling the game with his shots, his attacks, his penetration."  --  Oklahoma City head coach  Scott Brooks  on Westbrook's crucial contributions. TURNING POINT II:  Houston held a 95-92 lead with 1:30 left in regulation, but the Thunder clamped down defensively to force the Rockets into two turnovers and three missed shots over their final four possessions. Oklahoma City also executed well on offense during this stretch, as Durant nailed a pair of key jumpers off the pick-and-roll with Westbrook and connected on two free throws to finish the game on a personal 6-0 run. GOOD MOVE:  Despite shooting 6-for-18 overall through three quarters, Durant did not shy away from taking big shots when his team needed them most. With Westbrook unable to carry his third-quarter scoring dominance into the fourth, Durant rescued the Thunder by scoring 13 points on 4-for-7 shooting in the final period. QUOTABLE III:  "[The Thunder] were just too good. They made some great plays, and at the end of the game it comes down to great players [like Durant] making great plays."  --  Scola. HOT:  Dragic delivered another good performance in place of injured point guard  Kyle Lowry  (bruised right foot), finishing with 20 points on 7-for-10 shooting, eight assists and two turnovers. In two starts with Lowry sidelined, Dragic has averaged 15.0 points on 55.0 percent (11-for-20) shooting, 9.5 assists and only 1.0 turnover. NOT:  After a 4-for-11 outing Saturday,  Kevin Martin  is averaging just 13.8 points on 39.1 percent (18-for-46) shooting overall -- including 20.0 percent (3-for-15) shooting from behind the arc -- this January. BAD MOVE:  Oklahoma City's roster is not full of 3-point sharpshooters, but it threw up 21 attempts from behind the arc. Not surprisingly, the Thunder finished the game 33.3 percent (7-for-21) from long range. Durant and  James Harden  were the main culprits, combining to hit five of 15 shots from downtown. NOTABLE:  Thunder guard  Eric Maynor  had to be carried to the locker room after suffering a right leg injury on a drive to the basket early in the fourth quarter. Brooks said after the game that Maynor's injury will be reevaluated Sunday. ... In addition to Lowry, Houston played without reserve guard  Courtney Lee  (strained right calf). ... Coach  Kevin McHale  made a pair of changes to his starting five, inserting rookie  Chandler Parsons  in place of  Chase Budinger  and center  Samuel Dalembert  for  Jordan Hill . Parsons posted team highs of eight rebounds and three steals. ... Oklahoma City grabbed 16 of the game's first 17 rebounds, including eight offensive boards. ... The Rockets lost for the first time this season when holding a double-digit lead. ... Dragic's 20 are his most points in a game since he was traded to Houston from Phoenix in Feb. 2011. UP NEXT:  For the Thunder, Sunday vs. San Antonio (NBA TV), Tuesday @ Memphis, Wednesday @ New Orleans. For the Rockets, Tuesday @ Charlotte, Wednesday @ San Antonio, Friday vs. Sacramento.  