Notebook: Kings 96, Wizards 94 
 
 
 Benjamin Standig, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Jan 29, 2013 1:02 AM - Updated Tue Jan 29, 2013 1:09 AM 
 
 THE FACTS: Isaiah Thomas  scored 10 of his 22 points in the fourth quarter including the the game-winning floater with 1.9 seconds remaining as the Sacramento Kings snapped a four-game losing streak with a 96-94 win over the Washington Wizards on Monday night. 
 
 Francisco Garcia  sank four 3-pointers and scored 17 points and  Tyreke Evans  had 13 for the Kings (17-29), who turned up their defensive effort in the second half, holding the Wizards to 38.9 percent shooting and 37 points. 
 The game included 11 lead changes and 16 ties, the last one coming as  Martell Webster's  driving layup pulled Washington even at 94-all with 7.9 seconds left. Following a timeout, Thomas received the inbounds pass, darted left and maneuvered just inside the free throw line for the lofted and accurate score. 
 
 Emeka Okafor  had a season-high 23 points and 15 rebounds for the Wizards (11-32), who had won 7 of 10 games.  John Wall  finished with 19 points and Webster scored 18. 
 
 
 QUOTABLE:  " I got open and I seen a guy that was guarding me that hadn't played the whole game. I felt like I had opportunity to take him and he kind of forced me to my strong hand. I just wanted to make a play. It happened to go in. --  Kings guard Thomas after being defended on the decisive play by  Garrett Temple , who did not receive any playing time until the final 30 seconds.  
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Wizards committed 20 turnovers, leading to 23 points for Sacramento. The Kings had averaged 20.3 turnovers of their own over their last games, but finished with only 11 against the Wizards. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  " We didn't have anybody that could guard him. I couldn't find anyone that could guard him tonight. That was disappointing, especially as the game went on. He got anywhere he wanted to. Right, left, and the kid made the play at the end." --  Wizards coach  Randy Wittman  on the inability to defend Thomas. 
 
 
 HOT:  With the Kings trailing 32-27 after the first quarter, Garcia came into the game and drained four 3-pointers and 5 of 7 shots in the second quarter, finishing with 15 points. 
 
 NOT: Nene  scored four points on 2 of 8 shooting, but it was the fourth quarter miscues that proved most problematic. The Brazilian big man committed four turnovers in the fourth quarter, two coming inside the final 26 seconds. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  " I don't think we turned the ball over as much and we got the stops when we needed them. We dialed in on the defensive end and got stops, especially in the last couple of minutes. --  Thomas on the difference for the Kings in the win compared to the four straight losses. 
 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Kings coach  Keith Smart  elected to use rookie forward  Thomas Robinson  in the fourth quarter over  DeMarcus Cousins , who had no answer for Okafor throughout the game. Though outrebounded 45-35 on the game, Sacramento held a 9-7 advantage in the fourth quarter and Smart credited Robinson's energy as being a defensive catalyst. 
 
 NOTABLE:  After going without a double-double over his first 24 games this season, Okafor has 10 in his last 19 games. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Kings, Wednesday at Celtics, Friday vs. Sixers, Saturday at Knicks... For the Wizards, Wednesday at Sixers, Friday at Grizzles, Saturday at Spurs.. 
