  Bucks-Nuggets notebook   By Michael Kelly, for NBA.com Posted Thursday December 2, 2010 12:40AM THE FACTS:   Nene  had 24 points,  J.R. Smith  scored 20 and 10 rebounds as the Denver Nuggets overcame the ejection of  Carmelo Anthony  to beat the Milwaukee Bucks 105-94 on Wednesday night to extend their winning streak to five. QUOTABLE:  "When I got those DNPs two weeks ago it really set into my mind that I've got to change the way I look at things. Come in here with my head up and work hard. That's all they ask for two, three hours a day. It's the least I could do."    -- Smith on his second straight big game. THE STAT:  Nene was nearly perfect for the night. He was 8-for-9 from the field and 8-for-10 from the foul line. TURNING POINT:  After Anthony picked up his second technical in a span of 46 seconds. The Nuggets increased their lead from three to eight late in the third quarter. The key play came when Smith grabbed an offensive rebound and hit a 3-pointer to make it 75-67 with 1:30 left in the third quarter. HOT:  Forward  Corey Maggette  returned to the lineup and gave the Bucks a boost off the bench. Maggette scored 17 points and had four assists. NOT:  Nuggets guard  Chauncey Billups  continues to struggle with his shot. He came into Wednesday's game shooting 36.6 percent from the field and didn't help his average with 4-for-10 night from the field. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Smith has increased his fantasy value with another strong scoring night. He had 30 against Phoenix on Sunday and is averaging 25 over his last two games. GOOD MOVE:  After losing Anthony, Nuggets coach  George Karl  put in  Al Harrington , who scored 11 of his 14 points the rest of the way to help keep Milwaukee from getting too close. QUOTABLE II:  "They don't have beer in restaurants on the road?"   -- Karl, who now has 997 career coaching wins, on the reality he will probably win his 1,000th away from home. BAD MOVE:  Anthony's temper got the best of him. With the game in doubt he picked up his first technical for arguing with an official after he thought goaltending should have been called on his blocked shot. He continued arguing at the TV timeout and got his with the second technical. ROOKIE WATCH:  Milwaukee forward  Larry Sanders  made his third start a good one, scoring a season-high 14 points and 10 rebounds in 33:30. NOTABLE:  Sanders had eight blocks, tying Orlando's  Dwight Howard  for the high this season. It's the most blocks by a rookie since  Sean Williams  had eight for New Jersey on Dec. 18, 2007, and it's the most by a Milwaukee rookie since  Alton Lister  had nine on April 9, 1982. UP NEXT:  For the Mavericks, Saturday vs. the Magic, Monday vs. the Heat, Wednesday vs. the Pacers. For the Nuggets, Friday vs. the Clippers, Sunday vs. the Grizzlies, Tuesday at the Bobcats.  