Notebook: Pistons 119, Spurs 109 
 
 
 Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Feb 08, 2013 11:26 PM - Updated Fri Feb 08, 2013 11:26 PM 
 
 THE FACTS: Greg Monroe  had 26 points and 16 rebounds as the Detroit Pistons ended the San Antonio Spurs' 11-game winning streak with a 119-109 victory at The Palace of Auburn Hills on Friday night.  Brandon Knight  had 24 points and  Charlie Villanueva  scored a season-high 21 points off the bench for the Pistons, who had lost seven of their last nine but tied their season high in points.  Tony Parker 's 31 points and eight assists led the Spurs, who hadn't lost since dropping a 101-98 decision at Memphis on Jan. 11. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "It's definitely big-time. It just shows how good of a team we can be. We've just got to continue to play like that, with the same energy, the same effort, the same focus. The first group came out with a lot of energy and the second group picked it up even more." 
 
 -- Knight on his team's upset victory 
 
 
 THE STAT:  45.5. Detroit was shooting 28.9 percent on 3-point attempts over the previous nine games. That didn't figure to get much better against the league's second-best 3-point defense but the Pistons blindsided the Spurs with 45.5 percent shooting from long range. Villanueva made half of the Pistons' 10 3-pointers and both he and Knight made clutch 3s in the final five minutes after the Spurs cut their deficit to single digits. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Pistons were up 37-33 with less than nine minutes remaining in the first half. Then, they went on a 28-11 run to take their biggest lead, 65-44. Villanueva made three 3-pointers during that stretch and  Kyle Singler  finished it off with a pull-up jumper. San Antonio never got closer than seven points the rest of the way.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "They shot the ball very well. Every time we came close -- eight or nine points -- they came up with a big three. Sometimes, that's going to happen in the NBA. It was just one of those nights when they were making shots. They're not known for 3-point shooting and they make a lot of threes." 
 
 -- Parker on his team's defensive troubles 
 
 
 HOT:  Knight averaged just nine points in his previous three games while shooting 9-for-33 from the field. For the first time since moving to shooting guard after the acquisition of  Jose Calderon , Knight showed what he could do playing off the ball. He made 10 of 21 shots, using his quickness to gain separation from the Spurs' guards.  
 
 NOT:  Spurs center  Tiago Splitter  had 10 points and six rebounds but he couldn't contain Monroe's post moves or keep him off the backboards. Monroe tends to be more assertive when he feels he can overpower his man and he attacked Splitter at will. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Pistons rookie center  Andre Drummond  was declared out for 4-6 weeks prior to the game because of a stress fracture to his fifth lumbar vertebra. Drummond, who missed the second half of the previous two games with back pain, will not require surgery and should make a full recovery through rest and rehabilitation. The injury was diagnosed during an MRI on Thursday. He is averaging 7.3 points and 7.5 rebounds.  
 
 NOTABLE:  San Antonio played once again without two of its top players.  Tim Duncan  missed his sixth game in the last seven with a sore left knee, while  Manu Ginobili  sat out for the third straight game with a tight left hamstring. ... The Spurs are 1-1 on their current nine-game road trip. ... The Pistons' 65 first-half points was a season high for any half. Their previous high was 63 points against Cleveland on Feb. 1. ... San Antonio leads the all-time series 48-31. ... Detroit had a 49-33 rebounding advantage. ... San Antonio was forced to stay overnight in Detroit because of the East Coast blizzard. The Spurs are scheduled to play Brooklyn on Sunday. ... The Pistons are 28th in home attendance, ranking ahead of only New Orleans and Sacramento. In terms of capacity, Detroit is last by a wide margin. Its average of 14,095 is 63.9 percent of The Palace's capacity. Next lowest is the Kings, whose 13,214 average is 76.3 percent of Power Balance Pavilion's capacity. The Pistons drew 16,267 on Friday.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Spurs, Sunday @ Brooklyn, Monday @ Chicago, Wednesday @ Cleveland. For the Pistons, Saturday @ Milwaukee, Monday vs. New Orleans, Wednesday vs. Washington.  
