  Notebook: Bobcats 112, Warriors 100   By Derek S. Smith, for NBA.com Posted Saturday January 14, 2012 11:05PM THE FACTS: Gerald Henderson  scored a season-best 26 points and  Kemba Walker  added a career-best 23 points as the Charlotte Bobcats snapped a six-game losing streak with a 112-100 victory over the Golden State Warriors Saturday at Time Warner Cable Arena.  David Lee  scored 24 points and added 16 rebounds to pace Golden State. QUOTABLE:  "It was wonderful tonight to see the guys play and just run the court. We've talked about running all year and they did tonight. I thought the change tonight really helped us. Timing is the key to life. Putting Kemba in the starting lineup was the right thing. He's ready."  --  Charlotte coach  Paul Silas. THE STAT:  Due to the lockout teams are having to play back-to-back-to-back games. There have been 11 teams that have now played three games in three nights. Those teams are now 8-3 in the third games of those sets after Charlotte's win. TURNING POINT:  Closing out strong. The Bobcats finished the first quarter on a roll and never looked back. Charlotte scored 12 straight to push their lead to 38-25 after the first period. Walker scored five of the 12 points in the run and finished the quarter with 15 points. QUOTABLE II:  "I got a chance to play myself into a rhythm tonight and we picked the tempo up early. I wanted to come out and set the tone for us. We came out there and pushed the ball tonight. We wanted to get some easy baskets and get things going."  --  Charlotte rookie guard Walker. HOT:  Gerald Henderson scored a season-best 26 points in 9-for-17 shooting with six rebounds and three assists. Henderson has scored in double figures in five of the last six games. GOOD MOVE:  Change is good. Charlotte coach Paul Silas made a big change to the starting lineup for the game with the Warriors.  Boris Diaw  was removed from the starting lineup.  Tyrus Thomas  was moved to the power forward slot with Gerald Henderson starting as a small forward. Bobcats rookie Walker got his first professional start and made the move worthwhile with a career-best 23 points. ROOKIE WATCH:  Walker had a career night in his first start. Walker netted 23 points on 8-for-15 shooting and added four boards and five assists to his stat line. Walker showed no fear and great tempo from the start for Charlotte. He is averaging 19.5 points in his last two games. NOTABLE:  Boris Diaw had started a franchise-record 235 straight games for the Bobcats prior to be removed from the starting lineup tonight ...  Byron Mullens  scored 20-plus points for the second time this season, scoring in double figures for the ninth time in 11 games ...  D.J. Augustin  scored 10-plus points for the tenth time this season ... Bobcats recorded season highs for points in a quarter with 38 and a half with 66 ... David Lee grabbed a season-high 16 rebounds and added 24 points for his seventh double-double of the season ...  Monta Ellis  scored 10-plus points for the tenth time this season. UP NEXT:  For the Warriors, Sunday at Detroit, Tuesday at Cleveland, and Wednesday at New Jersey. For the Bobcats, Monday vs. Cleveland, Tuesday at Orlando, Saturday at Chicago.  