Notebook: Nuggets 111, Nets 87 
 
 
 Jake Appleman, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Dec 03, 2013 11:49 PM - Updated Wed Dec 04, 2013 12:08 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  The high-octane Denver Nuggets had no problem with the Brooklyn Nets' defense -- rated last in the league -- shooting above 50 percent from the field en route to their eleventh win in fourteen games.   
 
 THE LEAD:  The Nuggets tossed alley-oops, crashed the offensive glass and shot the 3 efficiently in routing the Nets 111-87 at Barclays Center Tuesday night. Led by  Timofey Mozgov 's 17 points and 20 rebounds, six Nuggets (11-6) scored in double figures and no Nugget took more than 11 shots. 
 
 Joe Johnson  paced the Nets (5-13) with 22 points, most of them coming before the game got out of hand.  Brook Lopez  played well in the first quarter before Denver's defense and the officials gave him trouble. Lopez seemed to have put the Nets in first-quarter command before a deflating sequence proved to be a sign of things to come. After the Nuggets couldn't score on a possession that featured four offensive rebounds,  Darrell Arthur  stole the ball from  Andray Blatche  and  Nate Robinson  converted a three-point play to cut the Nets' lead to two. The Nuggets outscored the Nets by 26 in the next two quarters. 
 
 THE STAT:  Any chance the Nets had of hanging with the Nuggets was reduced when they shot 2-for-16 from behind the arc.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  Nets coach  Jason Kidd  reassigned his lead assistant  Lawrence Frank  before the game, but he couldn't reassign the third quarter, which,  injuries aside, has been the bane of the Nets' existence this season. A series of third quarter alley-oops highlighted a 27-7 Denver run that put the game to bed early.  
 
 INJURY UPDATE: Mirza Teletovic  was hit on his hand, but returned to action.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "You're talking about a four-point game, with eight minutes or so, that turns into a 20-4 run. Guys are starting to look like they had in games where we've let go of the rope."  
 
 -- Jason Kidd on the Nuggets' game-changing run  
 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "Good effort all around again. We got contributions from everywhere. Our bench, as of late, has been very impressive."  
 
 -- Nuggets coach  Brian Shaw  
 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  The Nets celebrated Jewish Heritage Night by placing a large menorah near the main entrance. Jewish music star Benny Friedman sang the national anthem. 
 
 NOTABLE:  In his first game against the Nets since helping to defeat them in the playoffs as a member of the Bulls, Robinson scored nine points off the bench.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Nuggets, Wednesday @ Cleveland, Friday @ Boston, Saturday @ Philadelphia. For the Nets, Thursday vs. New York, Saturday @ Milwaukee, Tuesday vs. Boston.  
