  Notebook: Jazz 107, Nets 94   By Andrew Aragon, for NBA.com Posted Sunday January 15, 2012 12:16AM THE FACTS:  The Utah Jazz gave a rude welcome to five former Jazz players in an easy 107-94 victory over the New Jersey Nets on Saturday night. Al Jefferson  scored 20 points and  Paul Millsap  had 18 points and 12 rebounds to lead the Jazz, who improved to 6-1 at home. They helped Utah beat a Nets team that features ex-Jazz players  Deron Williams ,  Mehmet Okur ,  DeShawn Stevenson ,  Kris Humphries  and  Sundiata Gaines . Humphries had 18 points and 10 rebounds for New Jersey, which is the only team in the NBA that has five players who previously played for another single team. QUOTABLE:  "It was weird. You work with a guy as long as we worked with him, it was a little different feeling seeing him on the other side. I've said before I think he's doing a good job with his team and hopefully they'll get better."   -- Jazz coach  Tyrone Corbin  on facing Williams on Saturday night. THE STAT:  64. The Nets' defense had no answer for the Jazz near the basket as Utah had a whopping 64 points in the paint. TURNING POINT:  The Jazz closed the first half with an energetic 9-0 surge with seven of the points coming in the last 35 seconds of the second quarter. Jefferson started the spurt with a turnaround jumper, and Millsap gave the Jazz a spark with a put-back dunk.  Raja Bell  scored on a fast-break dunk and a layup, with Jefferson blocking a close-range shot by Williams sandwiched in-between. The run put Utah ahead 57-40 going into the break. HOT:  Bell and  C.J. Miles  each got off to slow starts for the Jazz this season, but both players enjoyed a turnaround game against the Nets. Bell shot 5-for-6 for a season-high 12 points and was again one of Utah's top defenders. Miles had a little extra juice in his legs and shot 6-for-8. He finished with 17 points and six rebounds. Miles' point total was also a season-high. NOT:  Williams, who got a mixed reaction when he was introduced before the game and booed every time he touched the ball when the contest was still in doubt, appeared frustrated for much of the night. Whether it was the fans getting to him or he was just tired while playing on the second night of a back-to-back, it was an off night for Williams. He scored 16 points, but shot just 3-for-15. He had five assists and five turnovers. QUOTABLE II:  "They had more energy than us. They had a little more pep in their step. Their passes were much more crisp than ours. They executed better. Their big guys beat us up on the boards and again we didn't shoot the ball well."   -- Nets coach  Avery Johnson  on his team's struggles on Saturday night. GOOD MOVE : The well-rested Jazz knew the Nets would be a tired team after they played one of their best games of the season against Phoenix on Friday night. So Utah attacked, and forced New Jersey to play at a fast pace. The Nets, in their third game of a four-game road trip, couldn't keep up and looked worn out by the middle of the third quarter. FANTASY WATCH:  Millsap continues to be a solid fantasy starter. His shooting percentage (46.1) was disappointing, especially after he made his first four shots, but he filled up the stat sheet nicely. ROOKIE WATCH:  New Jersey's  MarShon Brooks , who made his fifth start of the season, had been steady for the Nets, averaging 15.25 points in their last four games. He had a quiet 11 points, three rebounds and three assists against Utah. For the Jazz,  Enes Kanter  and  Alec Burks  had similar stats despite Kanter playing 18 minutes compared to just nine for Burks. Kanter had a career-high seven points, and Burks had a big fast-break dunk in the fourth quarter to give Utah a 96-74 lead. NOTABLE:  The Jazz padded their stats against the Nets. They had season-highs in points in the paint, fast-break points (23) and largest lead (23). The Nets were without  Shawne Williams , who has a sore leg. The last time five players on the same team played against a former team was Minnesota vs. Boston on Jan. 25, 2008 ( Antoine Walker ,  Gerald Green ,  Sebastian Telfair ,  Ryan Gomes  and Jefferson). UP NEXT:  For the Nets, Monday @ L.A. Clippers, Wednesday vs. Golden State, Saturday vs. OKC. For the Jazz, Sunday @ Denver, Tuesday vs. L.A. Clippers, Thursday vs. Dallas.  