  Notebook: Hornets 97, Clippers 90 Posted Friday March 23, 2012 12:06AM By Larry Holder, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  It wasn't  Chris Paul  getting back at his former teammates. It was  Chris Kaman  getting back at his former team. Kaman scored a team-high 20 points and added 10 rebounds as the New Orleans Hornets defeated the Los Angeles Clippers 97-90 on Thursday night in the New Orleans Arena. It was the first time Paul, who had 16 points and nine assists faced his former team since being traded right before the season. QUOTABLE:  "If I knew, I'd tell you. One of them is that we have play more effective, be smarter and different things like that. Ain't nobody going to feel sorry for us. We've got Memphis next on Saturday. We have to be ready. ... It was all about just getting a win. We need a win to see what it feels like, but we lost so it is what it is."  --  Paul on how to fix the Clippers as the team lost all three games in this back-to-back-to-back stretch. THE STAT:  The Clippers fell off the map on the fourth quarter. Los Angeles only scored 11 points in the final 12 minutes after going into the fourth quarter with a three-point lead over the Hornets. TURNING POINT:  The Hornets had already come back to take the lead in the fourth quarter after trailing by as many as 13 points earlier in the game. But the Hornets have a bad habit of giving leads away. They didn't Thursday and  Jason Smith's  dunk off of a nice bounce pass across the lane in transition from  Greivis Vasquez  with 7:26 left in the game put New Orleans up 85-81. The Hornets never relented. QUOTABLE II:  "I apologize to  Blake Griffin . That's something you never want to do to another player, especially a caliber player like Blake. He's a phenomenal player. I just didn't want to give an easy lay-up. There's a ton of better ways to go about that. I apologize to him. That's just not what I'm all about. I never want to hurt a player or anything like that. I just want to make sure he didn't get an easy layup."  --  Smith on his flagrant two foul on Griffin in the fourth quarter. Griffin was down on the floor briefly after being basically tackled by Smith, but Griffin stayed in the game and had 21 points and 11 rebounds. HOT:  The Hornets as a team had their best shooting performance of the season as New Orleans shot 57.6 percent. New Orleans also had a decided free-throw advantage as it went 27-of-34 from the line. Kaman was probably the hottest of all of his teammates going 9-of-13 shooting. NOT:  Clippers backup guard  Randy Foye  probably should have stopped shooting after his first missed shot. Foye went 1-of-14 from the field for only three points in nearly 24 minutes. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Actor  Samuel L. Jackson  introduced the starting lineups for both teams. It's the second time this season an actor introduced the teams in the New Orleans Arena as  Will Ferrell  did so earlier in the season against the Bulls. NOTABLE:  Clippers guard  Mo Williams  injured his left big toe in the fourth quarter and came off the floor very slowly. X-rays on the toe were negative, but head coach  Vinny Del Negro  said Williams will need an MRI to determine the severity of the injury. ... Hornets head coach  Monty Williams  didn't sound too optimistic that forward  Carl Landry  would be able to return this week as previously hoped as his sprained MCL still isn't fully healed. ... Smith and guard  Jarrett Jack  each had 17 points for the Hornets. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Saturday vs. Memphis, Monday vs. Phoenix, Wednesday vs. Portland. For the Hornets, Saturday vs. San Antonio, Monday @ L.A. Clippers, Wednesday @ Golden State.  