  Kings-Rockets notebook   By Matt Miller, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday December 15, 2010 12:14AM THE FACTS:  The Houston Rockets cruised to their sixth straight home victory Tuesday as they crushed the Sacramento Kings 118-105 at Toyota Center.  Luis Scola  recorded a double-double to lead Houston's attack, scoring 23 points and grabbing 10 rebounds.  Kyle Lowry  added 12 points and nine assists for Houston (10-14), which has won five of its last seven games. Rookie  DeMarcus Cousins  scored 17 and pulled down seven rebounds to lead the Kings (5-17), who have lost six consecutive road games and 16 of 18 overall. Former Rocket  Carl Landry  chipped in with 17 points, five rebounds, and three blocks.  Jason Thompson  had 15 points and 10 rebounds, notching his third double-double of the season. QUOTABLE:  "That's the key to our team. If we rebound, we're going to play solid half-court defense."   -- Rockets forward  Shane Battier THE STAT:  The Kings entered Tuesday as the NBA's second-best offensive rebounding team (14.4 per game), but Houston owned the offensive glass in this one by a 14-10 margin. TURNING POINT:  The game was tied at 44 when Sacramento's offense hit a wall during the final 4:11 of the second quarter. The Kings shot 1-for-6 and turned it over three times during this stretch, allowing Houston to end the first half on a 14-4 run. The Rockets carried that momentum into the second half, which they began with an 8-0 run to put the game away. QUOTABLE II:  "We've been running into a lot of teams that have made things tough on us. Things snowball, and we just can't stop the avalanche."   -- Sacramento coach  Paul Westphal  on his team's recent struggles HOT:  Reserve guard  Chase Budinger  has provided Houston with instant offense off the bench over his last two games, scoring 24 points on 13-for-20 shooting (65 percent). "My confidence is back up and any chance, any opening that I get, I'm letting it fly," Budinger said. "The balls are going down. They're going in, and that feels great." NOT: Kevin Martin , who scored 39 points at the free-throw line in the previous three games before Tuesday, was held to just two attempts from the charity stripe Tuesday. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Scola's fantasy owners may have been worried after he shot 2-for-8 from the floor in the first quarter Tuesday. The 6-foot-9 forward from Argentina put their anxiety to rest over the last three quarters, however, as he connected on eight of 11 attempts. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Tuesday's game was already Landry's second at Toyota Center since he was shipped to Sacramento in February, but that didn't prevent the announced crowd of 13,414 from showering him with applause when he entered the game for the first time. The loudest cheers of the night, however, went to Hall of Famer  Hakeem Olajuwon , who sat courtside and autographed a basketball for one lucky fan during the third quarter. QUOTABLE III:  "It felt good [to be back]. I'm still appreciated here even a year later. I still have love, and I appreciate all the support from the Houston fans."   -- Landry ROOKIE WATCH:  Undrafted rookie point guard Ishmael Smith scored six points, dished out six assists, grabbed three rebounds and recorded one steal in 19-plus minutes on the court. NOTABLE:  Kings guard  Tyreke Evans  did not play Tuesday due to a case of mild plantar fasciitis in his left foot. ... Including Tuesday's loss, Sacramento is 0-4 this season on the first game of back-to-backs. ... The Kings are now 2-12 this season when their opponent makes a higher percentage of 3-point attempts. ... Houston improved to 5-1 at home this season when it scores 100 points or more. ... The Rockets are 6-0 this season when they connect on 10 or more attempts from behind the arc. ... Houston tied a season-high with 31 assists Tuesday. ... Scola has scored in double figures in 20 consecutive games. UP NEXT:  For the Kings, Wednesday @ New Orleans, Friday @ Oklahoma City, Sunday vs. Houston. For the Rockets, Wednesday @ Oklahoma City, Friday vs. Memphis, Sunday @ Sacramento.  