  Cavaliers-Hawks notebook   By Brian Dulik, for NBA.com Posted Sunday March 27, 2011 10:06PM THE FACTS:   Marvin Williams  scored a season-high 31 points while going 9-for-14 from the floor, leading the Atlanta Hawks to a 99-83 victory over the Cleveland Cavaliers.  Al Horford  added 20 points and 10 rebounds for Atlanta, while  Josh Smith  amassed 13 points, a season-best 18 boards and eight assists. The Hawks took an 8-0 lead and never looked back. QUOTABLE:  "It was tough tonight. Every time we got a run going, Marvin Williams or someone else came out and made big shots for them."  --  Cavaliers power forward  J.J. Hickson . THE STAT:  Atlanta's starting lineup outscored Cleveland's first five by an 80-37 margin, including 46-18 in the first half. Point guard  Kirk Hinrich  joined Williams, Horford and Smith in reaching double digits with 13 points. It also validated coach  Larry Drew's  decision to "go big" with Williams at the two and Jason Collins at center. "It made for a long evening for us," Cavaliers coach  Byron Scott  said. TURNING POINT:  The Cavaliers only trailed 74-66 entering the fourth quarter, but failed to score in the first 3:19 of the period. They committed four fouls and two turnovers, while missing three 3-pointers and one mid-range jumper, allowing Atlanta to extend its lead to 12 points. Rookie  Christian Eyenga  was the biggest offender, racking up two fouls, one turnover and a missed trey in a 70-second span. QUOTABLE II:  "(My teammates) kind of got me going early, which always helps. The guys that were guarding me were pretty big dudes, but I was just a little quicker than them."  --  Hawks' forward Marvin Williams. HOT:  Smith was a beast on the defensive glass, collecting 17 of his 18 rebounds on that end of the court for Atlanta. "J-Smoove" set a career high in the category and became the first visiting player ever with 17 defensive boards at Quicken Loans Arena. "When he went in there and took a charge on the very first play, from that point on, I felt like we were all on a string defensively," Horford said. NOT:  Cavaliers small forward  Alonzo Gee  and shooting guard Eyenga were completely dominated by Williams. Williams equaled his most prolific scoring performance since Jan. 25, 2008 at Seattle (when he netted a career-high 33 points), while hounding Gee and Eyenga into a combined 5-for-17 shooting night. "When Marvin plays at that level, I really think we're a different team," Horford said. QUOTABLE III:  "I still don't have a clue what it is about Sunday games that we don't come in with the same energy and intensity. Tonight was another one where we got off to a bad start."  --  Cavaliers coach Byron Scott. GOOD MOVE:  With shooting guard  Joe Johnson  sidelined with a sprained right thumb, Drew started the 6-foot-9 Williams in his spot and kept sixth man  Jamal   Crawford  in his usual role. Williams was the best player in the game, while the Cavaliers never adjusted to the Hawks' unusually tall lineup. "We thought we had some mismatch advantages with that group," Drew said. BAD MOVE:  Cavaliers point guard  Baron Davis  was given the option of starting by Scott, but declined for the second straight game. Davis led Cleveland with 19 points, seven rebounds and two blocked shots, but put up most of those numbers long after the outcome was decided. "I think all five starters, including myself, came out too slow tonight," Hickson said. NOTABLE:  Cavaliers power forward  Samardo Samuels  suffered a sprained right wrist in the third quarter, but said he planned on playing Tuesday against Miami. X-rays were negative, allowing him to leave the arena in a light brace. "I'll just tape it up and be fine," the rookie said. "But we'll see how I feel in the morning. It might be different then."...Cleveland is 0-11 in Sunday games this season. It also trailed from start to finish for the 12th time in 2010-2011...Point guard  Ramon Sessions  led the Cavaliers with 13 points in 23 minutes...Hickson notched his 20th double-double of the campaign with 10 points and 13 rebounds...The Hawks swept their three-game season series with Cleveland...The Cavaliers need two wins in their final 10 games to avoid finishing with the worst mark in franchise history...The victory allowed Atlanta to clinch a winning record for the season...San Antonio Silver Stars general manager/coach  Dan Hughes  was in attendance. Hughes previously coached the now defunct Cleveland Rockers of the WNBA. UP NEXT:  For the Hawks, Wednesday vs. Orlando, Friday vs. Boston, April 3 at Houston. For the Cavaliers, Tuesday vs. Miami, Wednesday @ Charlotte, Friday @ Washington.  