  Notebook: Cavaliers 91, Mavericks 88   By Brian Dulik, for NBA.com Posted Sunday February 5, 2012 12:24AM THE FACTS:  Rookie point guard  Kyrie Irving  scored six of his team-high 20 points in the fourth quarter, leading the Cleveland Cavaliers to a 91-88 victory over the defending NBA champion Dallas Mavericks. Irving also tied his season best with seven assists and only had one turnover in 36 minutes. Center  Anderson Varejao  added 17 points and a game-high 17 rebounds for Cleveland, which rallied from a 15-point deficit at Quicken Loans Arena. Forward  Dirk Nowitzki  collected a game-high 24 points and eight boards for Dallas, which made 21 turnovers in losing its third straight contest. QUOTABLE:  "They really took it to us and really picked up their energy. It's ugly, especially since we have to sit on this one for a couple of days. We'll enjoy our day off, the best we can, and come back to work."   -- Nowitzki THE STAT:  Varejao is averaging 16.8 points and 12.8 rebounds in his last four contests while shooting 56.3 percent from the field. "Wild Thing" also became the first Cleveland player with three straight 15-plus rebound games since  Brad Daugherty  from Jan. 21-25, 1994. "He's an animal, we knew that coming in," Nowitzki said. "He's got a great nose for the ball and he just keeps coming. I don't think we're the only team he's done it to." Varejao leads the NBA with 103 offensive boards after grabbing seven against Dallas. TURNING POINT:  The Cavaliers ended the game on a 10-3 run, highlighted by two driving layups in traffic by Irving. The No. 1 overall draft pick put Cleveland ahead for good at 87-86 with 2:35 left, then closed out the scoring with a gorgeous spinning hoop with 16 seconds left. "I told him to just run this one play that we have been running," Cavaliers coach  Byron Scott  said. "Just keep the ball in his hands where he can make a decision. He made a great move, got to the basket, great finish." QUOTABLE II:  "Irving is a very good young player, but we didn't guard him very well tonight. He'll be a foundation piece for more than a decade, for sure."   -- Mavericks coach  Rick Carlisle HOT:  Nowitzki (23,154) passed  Elgin Baylor  (23,149) to move into 22nd place in NBA history in career points.  Adrian Dantley  (23,177) is 21st. ... Nowitzki is 21-for-32 from the field in his last two games (65.6 percent). ... Mavericks center  Brendan Haywood  made all four of his shots and scored 10 points in 19 minutes. ... Irving buried nine of his final 12 field-goal attempts after starting the night 0-for-5. ... The Cavaliers' comeback from 15 points down was their largest of the season. Cleveland trailed 40-25 with 7:34 remaining in the second quarter. NOT:  Cavaliers power forwards  Luke Harangody  and  Antawn Jamison  both missed badly on 3-point attempts in the first half. Harangody finished with zero points and three fouls in 15 minutes off the bench. ... Cavaliers point guard  Ramon Sessions  was 2-for-11 from the field. ... Cleveland center  Ryan Hollins  missed a dunk and picked up a technical foul after going nose-to-nose with Mavericks forward  Lamar Odom . ... Dallas did not have an offensive rebound in the first half. ... The Mavericks allowed 19 points off turnovers. QUOTABLE III:  "We're still heading in the right direction. I don't think we're on the wrong path. We're still missing  Jason Kidd , and I think once he comes back, we'll be all right, man. We're a veteran team."   -- Mavericks guard  Delonte West GOOD MOVE:  Carlisle gave  Brandan Wright  all of the backup minutes at power forward, while not playing  Ian Mahinmi  for the first time this season. Wright responded with 11 points, a team-high tying eight rebounds, and a game-best four blocked shots. "Brandan Wright has produced virtually every time we've put him in the game," Carlisle said. "It was just a coach's decision tonight with Ian." BAD MOVE:  Scott opened the fourth quarter with a lineup of Harangody, Hollins, Sessions, small forward  Omri Casspi , and shooting guard  Alonzo Gee . That unit promptly squandered a 70-64 lead by allowing Dallas to score eight straight points. ... Cavaliers center  Semih Erden  played six lethargic minutes in the first half, failing to score or play quality defense. He sat the final two quarters. NOTABLE:  Jamison had 19 points, nine rebounds and four assists for the Cavaliers. ... West collected 11 points and seven assists in his first game in Cleveland since being traded to Minnesota following the 2010 NBA playoffs. ... Dallas suffered its first loss of the season when shooting at least 45 percent from the field (7-1). ... Mavericks owner  Mark Cuban  did not accompany the team to Cleveland because he was hosting a Super Bowl party in Indianapolis. ... The Cavaliers did not have the services of power forward  Tristan Thompson  (left ankle sprain), and shooting guards  Anthony Parker  (lower back strain) and  Daniel Gibson  (soft tissue infection in neck), while the Mavericks were without point guard Kidd (right calf strain). UP NEXT:  For the Mavericks, Wednesday @ Denver, Friday @ Minnesota, Saturday vs. Portland. For the Cavaliers, Tuesday @ Miami, Wednesday vs. L.A. Clippers, Friday vs. Milwaukee.  