
 Clippers-Wolves notebook   By Phil Miller, for NBA.com Posted Thursday February 17, 2011 12:07AM THE FACTS:   Blake Griffin  scored 29 points and energized the Target Center crowd with three emphatic dunks, and the Los Angeles Clippers pulled away in the second half to close their two-week-long road trip with a 98-90 victory over the Minnesota Timberwolves.  Kevin Love  had 18 points and 18 rebounds for Minnesota, but the Wolves made only 35.4 percent of their shots and lost their fifth straight home game despite getting double-digit contributions from six different players. Former Timberwolves  Randy Foye  and  Ryan Gomes  combined for 39 points on their former home floor, with Gomes nailing a 3-pointer in the final minute to put the game away. QUOTABLE:  "It doesn't matter if we're home or on the road, (Blake Griffin) gets the fans out of their seats. Just like in baseball -- chicks dig the long ball? Well, chicks dig guys who can jump."    -- Clippers guard Randy Foye, on the loud Minneapolis cheers for his rookie teammate THE STAT:  21 -- Fast-break points by the Clippers, who have been away from home for 14 days but made Minnesota look like the road-weary team. The Wolves scored only seven points in transition. TURNING POINT:  Minnesota trailed by only one point early in the third quarter, when  Darko Milicic 's failure to box out on free throws led to a six-point possession by the Clippers. Gomes made one of two free throws, and Griffin took away the rebound on the miss, turning the play into a layup and a foul. He missed the free throw, but this time  DeAndre Jordan  pulled the rebound away, leading to a  Baron Davis  3-pointer. The Wolves never pulled within five points again. QUOTABLE II:  "If there has ever been a team that needs a break, this is the team."   -- Wolves coach  Kurt Rambis , after Minnesota's 18th loss in its last 22 games HOT:  Griffin goes into his first All-Star appearance having scored 19 or more points in five straight games. He also added eight rebounds and five assists against Minnesota. NOT:  Love extended his double-double streak to 42 games -- the longest since  Moses Malone 's 44 in a row in 1982-83 -- but his output has slowed a bit as he also approaches his first All-Star experience. Love has scored fewer than 20 points in three straight games, and he failed to make a 3-pointer for the second game in a row. He has yet to go three games without a 3-pointer this year. FANTASY WATCH:  It was only 9:31 of playing time, but  Chris Kaman 's first appearance after missing 35 games with an ankle injury was a hopeful sign for the Clippers that their center will be able to have an impact after the All-Star break. Kaman collected six rebounds and blocked three shots in his brief stint. ROOKIE WATCH:  The midseason "wall" doesn't seem to be affecting Griffin, but Minnesota's  Wesley Johnson  and L.A.'s  Al-Farouq Aminu  seem to be wearing down. Johnson played only 10 minutes, missed both of his shots, and went scoreless for the fourth time this season; he has scored 11 points on 2-for-25 shooting over his last four games. Aminu also played 10 minutes and also went 0-for-2 from the field; he is 3-for-18 over his last five games for 11 points. NOTABLE:  Griffin was on his cell phone as reporters entered the Clippers' locker room after the game, and appeared distraught after hanging up. Reporters were asked to leave temporarily, and when readmitted, Davis said Griffin would not be speaking to the media. A team spokesman said Griffin had just learned that a close friend had died, but he had no other details. ... Griffin bumped his head on the backboard while trying to convert an alley-oop pass in the fourth quarter, and he was whistled for an offensive foul on the play. Unaware of the foul, Griffin jogged up the floor rubbing his neck in pain. When he learned he had been called for the foul, he turned, said "Get the [bleep] out of here" in shock, and was immediately whistled for a technical foul. ... The Clippers won the season series with Minnesota, 3-1. ... Wolves forward  Michael Beasley  missed his fifth game with a sprained ankle, and guard  Jonny Flynn  was put on the inactive list to give his surgically repaired knee a chance to rest. Rambis said Flynn will likely miss at least two more games, because the team felt he was wearing down. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Tuesday @ Oklahoma City, Wednesday @ New Orleans, Feb. 25 @ Lakers. For the Timberwolves, Tuesday @ Milwaukee, Wednesday vs. Memphis, Feb. 25 vs. New Orleans. 
