  Notebook: Wizards 96, Cavaliers 85 Posted Wednesday April 25, 2012 11:56PM By Brian Dulik, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Point guard  John Wall  amassed 21 points, seven rebounds, 13 assists and seven steals in 32 electric minutes, leading the Washington Wizards to a 96-85 victory over the Cleveland Cavaliers. Center  Kevin Seraphin  and power forward  Nene'  added 12 points apiece for the Wizards, who also got seven points and a career-high 12 boards from rookie power forward  Jan Vesely . Washington extended its winning streak to five games -- its longest run since Nov. 11-21, 2007. Cavaliers small forward  D.J. Kennedy  scored a team-high 12 points in his NBA debut, while center  Samardo Samuels  had nine points and nine rebounds. QUOTABLE:  "Everybody on our team is playing good and everybody is playing hard. Nobody worries about how many points they're going to score. You can tell the whole group is having a lot more fun right now."   -- Wall THE STAT:  Wall accounted for 24 of Washington's 28 points -- and collected four steals and three rebounds -- in a dynamic third-quarter performance. The second-year pro scored 12 points on 5-for-5 field goals and 2-for-2 free throws, and set up 12 other points via his six assists. "When he gets going up and down the floor like that, we're very a dangerous team," Wizards coach  Randy Wittman  said. "I thought John did a real good job recognizing when he could get to the basket and when he should pass to our open shooters." Washington outscored Cleveland 28-18 in the third period to take a 77-63 lead into the fourth. TURNING POINT:  When Cavaliers coach  Byron Scott  pulled rookie point guard  Kyrie Irving  for good with 2:13 left in the first quarter, he essentially waved a white flag to the Wizards. Though Cleveland did build a 34-25 lead in the second, its end-of-the-bench lineups were no match for Washington as the game went on. "I'm just glad I got the opportunity to play," said Irving, who insisted on taking part in the Cavaliers' home finale despite battling gastroenteritis. "I'm pretty content, just to have gotten out there and played in our final home game." The top overall pick in the NBA Draft had five points, one assist and no turnovers in 10 minutes. QUOTABLE II:  "I wanted to play tonight because I wanted to say thank you for all the support they gave us all season. We have the best fans in the world. I can't find the words to thank them enough."   -- Irving HOT:  The Wizards are 7-2 in their last nine games, giving interim coach Wittman a fighting chance to earn the position on a permanent basis. "He does a great job and deserves a look at it," Washington shooting guard  Jordan Crawford  said. ... Wall netted his 16th double-double of the season, while his seven steals were a team-season high. ... Vesely averaged 9.0 points and 11.5 rebounds in his last two games against the Cavaliers. ... Nene' was 6-for-7 from the floor, raising his field goal percentage to .590 in 10 games with the Wizards. ... Kennedy played a team-high 31 minutes off the bench for Cleveland, going 5-for-6 from the field with six rebounds, three assists and two steals. The former St. John's standout spent the entire NBA D-League season with the Erie BayHawks before being signed by the Cavaliers. NOT:  The Cavaliers went 3-14 in their final 17 games at Quicken Loans Arena -- and finished the season with their fifth-worst home record (11-22) since joining the NBA in 1970. ... Cleveland is 8-27 overall since Feb. 22, when it began a freefall that took it out of playoff contention and into the NBA Draft Lottery for the second year in a row. ... Cavaliers small forward  Alonzo Gee  and power forward  Luke Harangody  combined to miss 13 of their 15 field goal attempts. ... Power forward  Antawn Jamison  was the only Cleveland starter to commit a personal foul, nicely illustrating his team's lack of defensive intensity. ... Wizards shooting guards  Maurice Evans ,  Cartier Martin  and  Morris Almond  bricked 22 of their 28 shots. ... Wall committed a game-high six turnovers, while Samuels led Cleveland with five miscues. QUOTABLE III:  "Kyrie is one of my homeboys and one of the best young players in the league, maybe the Rookie of the Year. I also respect him a lot. It's tough not to play a full game against him, but I guess we'll have to wait until next year."   -- Wall GOOD MOVE:  Following the game, Jamison announced that he will not re-sign with the Cavaliers when he becomes an unrestricted free agent in July. Cleveland acquired the crafty veteran from the Wizards on Feb. 17, 2010, hoping that he could help  LeBron James ,  Shaquille O'Neal  and  Mo Williams  win a world championship, but that squad famously flamed out in the Eastern Conference semifinals -- paving the way for James' defection to Miami five months later. "To ( Dan Gilbert ) and the rest of the Cavaliers' owners, I can't thank them enough for the opportunity to play here for the last two and a half years," Jamison said. "I also want to say thank you to our fans for all the support they've given us. There have been injuries and things haven't gone our way, but they've been out there for us the whole time." BAD MOVE:  The Wizards gave Crawford (right ankle sprain) and power forward  Trevor Booker  (left plantar fasciitis) the final two games of the season off, while Irving will sit out Cleveland's season finale Thursday at Chicago. The latter move -- coupled with Scott's odd rotations against Washington -- makes it appear that the Cavaliers are trying to finish with the third-worst record in the NBA. "You have to do what you think is best for the organization," Scott said. The Wizards have locked up the second-worst mark in the league, but Wittman said he has never focused on grabbing extra ping-pong balls in the lottery. "The chips never fall the way you plan, anyways, so I don't worry about it," he said. "There is no perfect scenario. People are always going to be bitching and complaining about something." NOTABLE:  Irving completed his first NBA season averaging 18.5 points and 5.4 assists in 51 games. The Duke product also will lead the Cavaliers across the board in field goal percentage (.469), 3-point percentage (.399), and free throw percentage (.872). ... Small forward  Omri Casspi  is the only Cleveland player to appear in all 65 games, while Wall and small forward  Chris Singleton  have maintained perfect attendance for Washington. ... The Cavaliers and Wizards have each used 21 players this season. ... Former Cleveland center  Zydrunas Ilgauskas  -- now working in the franchise's front office -- was seated near the Cavaliers' bench. "Big Z" said he plans on spending the entire summer in Northeast Ohio, working with the squad's young post players, including center Tristan Thompson and Samuels. UP NEXT:  For the Wizards, Thursday vs. Miami. For the Cavaliers, Thursday @ Chicago.  