Notebook: Pacers 97, Magic 87 
 
 
 Conrad Brunner, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Oct 29, 2013 10:34 PM - Updated Tue Oct 29, 2013 11:04 PM 
 
 THE FACT: Victor Oladipo 's NBA debut was a modest success as Orlando's No. 2 overall pick had 12 points, three rebounds and two assists in 22:35 off the bench in what amounted to a homecoming game for the former Indiana University standout.   
 
 THE LEAD:  The focus of Indiana's offseason plan was to build a better bench capable of lifting them to the top of the East. After a rough first half, the reserves made the difference in the second, sparking a 15-1 run that broke open a close game and sent the Pacers to a 97-87 victory over Orlando Tuesday in Bankers Life Fieldhouse in the season opener for both teams.  Paul George  scored 24 with six rebounds and five assists to lead Indiana, while  Lance Stephenson  had 19 points, seven rebounds and five assists.  Andrew Nicholson  led Orlando with 18 points off the bench, all in the first half. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We didn't really play a great game but we made enough plays to get out of here with a double-digit victory." 
 -- Indiana coach  Frank Vogel 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Indiana set a home record with 18 blocks, including seven by  Roy Hibbert  and a career-high-tying five from  David West .  
 
 TURNING POINT:  George ended the third quarter with a buzzer-beating 3-pointer that gave the Pacers some breathing room with a 69-64 lead and the reserves took it from there, as  Luis Scola ,  Orlando Johnson  and  Ian Mahinmi  combined for the next 11 points in a 15-1 run that pushed Indiana's lead to 80-65 with 8:42 remaining. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We knew Orlando was a young scrappy team with the ability to score points in bunches. I just thought in the third quarter we were able to settle our defense down, get them under control and work from our defense." 
 -- David West  
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  With  Danny Granger  out three more weeks with a strained left calf, Vogel turned not to free-agent acquisition  Chris Copeland , but to second-year guard Orlando Johnson to fill the second-unit void. Johnson finished with nine points on 3-for-4 shooting. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Nicholson dominated the first half, hitting eight of nine shots and racking up 18 points in less than 13 minutes. But Orlando coach  Jacque Vaughn  opted to stick with unproductive veteran  Jason Maxiell  at power forward to start the second half, leaving Nicholson on the bench the entire third period and the long wait cooled him off. He did not score after intermission. Maxiell wound up scoreless in 26 minutes, missing all five of his shots. 
 
 HOT:   George and Stephenson combined to shoot 16-for-28 for Indiana. ... The Pacers' reserves hit 7-for-10 in the second half. ... Hibbert also had 16 rebounds, 12 in the first quarter. ... Nicholson wound up 8-for-10 for the Magic. 
 
 NOT:  Orlando's starting backcourt of  Jameer Nelson  and  Arron Afflalo  combined for 7-for-27 shooting. ... George, Hibbert and West combined for 12 of Indiana's 21 turnovers. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "It felt good getting that reaction from the fans, but I like to win." 
 -- Victor Oladipo 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  Hibbert went down holding his left knee with 5:22 remaining and limped to the locker room but returned to the bench a few minutes later and was given the all clear. He will be back in the lineup Wednesday night when the Pacers face the Pelicans in New Orleans. ... Outscored 27-5 in the first half, Indiana had a 21-17 edge in bench scoring in the second. ... West scored 13 for Indiana, while Mo Harkless scored 14 for Orlando. ... Indiana has won four straight home openers, and three straight season openers. ... Indiana outscored Orlando 22-6 from the free throw line but made just 68.8 percent. 
 
 UP NEXT:   For the Pacers, Wednesday at New Orleans, Saturday vs. Cleveland, Tuesday at Detroit. For the Magic, Wednesday at Minnesota, Friday vs. New Orleans, Sunday vs. Brooklyn. 
