Notebook: Nuggets 97, Knicks 95 
 
 
 Michael Kelly, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Nov 30, 2013 1:26 AM - Updated Sat Nov 30, 2013 1:26 AM 
 
 THE FACT : The New York Knicks' eight-game losing streak is their longest since Feb. 5-23 2010. 
 
 THE LEAD: Randy Foye  had 17 points and blocked  Carmelo Anthony's  14-foot turnaround jumper with 2.1 seconds left and the Denver Nuggets held on to beat the New York Knicks 97-95 on Friday night. 
 
 Ty Lawson  had 22 points and eight assists for the Nuggets, who have won five straight. 
 Anthony, a member of the Nuggets for 7½ seasons, had a game-high 27 points but couldn't come through in the clutch for his current team.  Andrea Bargnani  had 22 points for New York. 
 
 QUOTABLE : "I didn't get it done, that's it. My teammates did a great job of getting us in that position, putting us in that position, giving me the chance of tying the game or going for the win. I didn't come through. I'll take that."  --  Anthony, on his missed jumper as time ran out. 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Nuggets average more than 14 fast-break points a game but the Knicks held them to two. It was their lowest total since Dec. 12, 2010 -- at New York. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  With a smaller lineup on the floor Foye was relegated to guard Anthony on the final possession. At 6-foot-4, Foye was ceding some inches to the All-Star, but like he did against 7-foot  Dirk Nowitzki  last week, the Nuggets guard forced Anthony into a tough shot. Anthony elevated but Foye got a piece of the ball and it fell short of the rim. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "Much respect to Carmelo, but at the end of the game, I realize we're fighting for our lives. I'm just saying to myself, 'I'm going to make him take a tough shot, no matter what.' If he makes it over me with a hand up, I can live with it. But I can't live with giving him an easy shot, just because he's Carmelo."  --  Foye. 
 
 
 HOT:  Lawson has been a strong, steady catalyst during the Nuggets' winning streak. The fifth-year guard is averaging 21 points and eight assists in his last four games. 
 
 NOT:  The Knicks are on one of their worst stretches in a long time. Despite playing at their pace and grinding away at what was once a 13-point deficit they couldn't complete the task.  
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "We aren't playing too bad, we just aren't playing for 48 minutes. We have to get to where we aren't playing catch-up basketball and teams are trying to play catch-up to us."  --  New York coach  Mike Woodson . 
 
 GOOD MOVE : Nuggets coach  Brian Shaw  canceled the morning shootaround despite the Nuggets not playing Thursday. He wanted his players to rest because Friday was the only home game in a stretch of nine. The team rewarded him with a win. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  With his team leading by five points midway through the fourth,  Nate Robinson  picked up his fifth foul and then a technical for arguing the call. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  New York's  Tim Hardaway Jr.  gave the Knicks life with a pair of 3-pointers in the fourth quarter that got his team within six.   
 
 NOTABLE:  Nuggets forward  Kenneth Faried  left the game in the third quarter with a contusion of his right quadriceps. ... Anthony had six rebounds to go with his 27 points. It's the sixth time he's reached those numbers this year. He also had no assists for the 42nd time in his career. ... Denver never trailed. It's the first time this season the Nuggets led wire-to-wire. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Sunday vs. New Orleans, Thursday @ Brooklyn, Friday vs. Orlando. For the Nuggets, Sunday @ Toronto, Tuesday @ Brooklyn, Wednesday @ Cleveland. 
