  Notebook: Heat 99, Knicks 89   By Shandel Richardson, for NBA.com Posted Friday January 27, 2012 11:48PM THE FACTS:  The Miami Heat defeated the New York Knicks 99-89 Friday at AmericanAirlines Arena. It was a strong return for guard  Dwyane Wade , who missed the previous six games with a sprained ankle. Wade scored 28 points to help lead the Heat to their third straight victory. The teams traded baskets for most of the first three quarters before the Heat took control in the fourth. The Knicks were competitive despite playing without injured forward  Carmelo Anthony , who was bothered by a sore wrist and ankle. In the end, it was too much Wade and  Lebron James , who scored a game-high 31 points and had eight rebounds and seven assists. The Knicks were led by reserve forward  Bill Walker . He scored 21 points, all coming on 3-point baskets. QUOTABLE:  "I just tried to be aggressive. I had been out for a while. The best way to get your rhythm is attacking the basket. After that first block by Amar'e (Stoudemire), I decided to attack a little stronger."  --  Heat guard Wade. THE STAT:  Even in defeat, the Knicks were impressive from the 3-point arc. They finished 18 of 43. TURNING POINT:  With the Knicks staying in the game behind 3-point shooting, it was a pair of triples from the Heat in the third quarter that swayed momentum.  Shane Battier  tied the score at 68 with a 3-pointer. After the Knicks answered, Battier two possessions later hit another three. It was the spark Miami needed. QUOTABLE II:  "We did hold them to 99 points. If we found an extra 15 points, we would've won the game."  --  Knicks coach  Mike D'Antoni . HOT:  Wade carried the Heat through the first half and then served as the closer in the fourth quarter. He showed no signs of being affected by the right sprained ankle that kept him out of the past six games. Wade finished 11 of 19 from the field for 28 points. NOT: Mike Bibby  had a couple chances to extend a lead or stop a Heat rally. He never could connect, struggling through a poor shooting night. Bibby shot just 2 of 8 from 3-point range despite several open looks. GOOD MOVE:  The Heat could have sat  Wade for a seventh straight game so he could be fresh for Sunday's game against the Chicago Bulls. This way Wade had a game under his belt to re-familiarize himself with teammates entering the rematch of last year's Eastern Conference finals. BAD MOVE:  The Knicks relied too heavily on 3-point shooting and forgot about their inside game. At one point in the first half, Heat guard Wade was guarding  Tyson Chandler.  New York never realized the mismatch because of the perimeter focus. NOTABLE:  Knicks coach D'Antoni said he expects forward Anthony to return for Tuesday's game against the Detroit Pistons. New York is 1-8 in its last nine games. UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Sunday vs. Bulls, Monday vs. Hornets, Wednesday @ Bucks. For the Knicks, Saturday @ Rockets, Tuesday vs. Pistons, Thursday vs. Bulls.  