  Rockets-Nets notebook   By Jake Appleman, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday March 29, 2011 10:44PM THE FACTS:  Still attempting to make an improbable run into the postseason, the Houston Rockets came to Newark and thoroughly outclassed the Nets in a 112-87 win. The Rockets' starting backcourt of  Kevin Martin  (20 points, 4 rebounds) and  Kyle Lowry  (16 points, 10 assists) dominated a Nets team missing its best four perimeter defenders. Brook Lopez  (22 points, 7 rebounds) was the lone bright spot for the Nets, who were officially eliminated from playoff contention yesterday. The win moves the Rockets two games behind the Grizzlies for the final playoff spot in the Western Conference. QUOTABLE:  Right now, with the state of our team, we are not that good to survive early poor starts."    -- Nets coach  Avery Johnson THE STAT:  While it was mostly the starters that did the legwork building an early lead, the Rockets bench made sure the Nets never challenged again by shooting 61percent (22-36). "Starters can't do it all, so the bench definitely had to come out there and give more energy,"  Jordan Hill  (11 points, 8 rebounds) said. TURNING POINT:  The Rockets ended the final 4:39 of the first quarter on a 17-4 run before scoring the first five points of the second quarter to take an 18 point lead. QUOTABLE II:  "We pushed it at them from the very start and that's what we wanted to do."   -- Rockets coach  Rick Adelman QUOTABLE III:  "Yeah, I don't know what happened."   --  Sasha Vujacic , on whether or not he was surprised by the lack of fire shown by the Nets. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:   Goran Dragic  (13 points, 5-for-6 shooting) and  Patrick Patterson  (13 points, 6-for-9 shooting) excelled off the bench. ROOKIE WATCH:   Ben Uzoh  managed 10 points and 4 assists, much of it in garbage time. NOTABLE:  The game featured the NBA's only two Slovenian players, Dragic and Vujacic. ... Listed as questionable before the game, Lowry got off to a great start, notching 14 points and 3 assists in the first quarter. ...  Kris Humphries  and  Chuck Hayes  combined for 15 first quarter rebounds. ... Lopez converted an abnormally high number of shots while getting fouled. ... Former Net  Courtney Lee  scored nine points. Another former Net,  Terrence Williams , was out with an abdominal strain. ... Six Rockets reached double figures. UP NEXT:  For the Rockets, Wednesday @ Philadelphia, Friday vs. San Antonio, Sunday vs. Atlanta. For the Nets, Wednesday @ New York, Sunday vs. Miami, Tuesday vs. Minnesota.  