Notebooks: Pistons 115, Cavaliers 92 
 
 
 Brian Dulik, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Mon Dec 23, 2013 11:02 PM - Updated Mon Dec 23, 2013 11:06 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Pistons won for the sixth time in their last seven road games by routing the Cavaliers in Cleveland. 
 
 THE LEAD:  Small forward  Josh Smith  scored a game-high 25 points and point guard  Brandon Jennings  had 21 points and 13 assists as the Detroit Pistons cruised to a 115-92 victory over the Cleveland Cavaliers. Center  Andre Drummond  and power forward  Greg Monroe  each grabbed 11 rebounds for the Pistons, who led by as many as 28 points. All-Star point guard  Kyrie Irving  paced the Cavaliers with 21 points and seven assists, while power forward  Tristan Thompson  added 17 points and six boards. It was Detroit's seventh straight win over Cleveland. 
 
 QUOTABLE : "Playing in the paint, that's the strength in our game, so I'm making a conscious effort to work there and not settle (for jump shots). I'm used to being a little selfish, but I can be a distributor when other guys get hot." --  Smith 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Cavaliers center  Andrew Bynum  shot 0-for-11 from the field in 23 minutes. It was his first scoreless game since April 1, 2012 against Golden State. Drummond and Monroe were responsible for Bynum's career-worst performance, playing suffocating defense on him every time he touched the ball. "We closed off the paint and doubled Bynum down low when he got the basketball," Pistons coach  Maurice Cheeks  explained. "Our rotations did not allow him to get an easy shot." 
 
 TURNING POINT : After the Cavaliers pulled within 60-50 on a Thompson jumper with 8:43 left in the third quarter, the Pistons ended the period on a 29-14 run. Drummond finished the surge with back-to-back dunks in transition, sprinting down the court to accept passes from Jennings and point guard  Rodney Stuckey , respectively. The 6-foot-10, 270-pounder took off from the middle of the lane and threw down both slams with such authority, the visiting crowd roared its approval. 
 
 QUOTABLE II : "This might sound silly, but we have shootarounds at the arena on the road -- and that makes a difference. We have them at our practice facility at home, but we don't play there, so we're not used to our arena." --  Jennings 
 
 
 HOT:  The Pistons are 8-6 on the road -- but just 6-10 at The Palace of Auburn Hills -- after posting their most lopsided win of the season. ... Detroit rookie small forward  Luigi "Gigi" Datome  scored a career-high 13 points. ... Smith is averaging 23.8 points over the last six games. ... Drummond and Monroe each posted double-doubles. ... Stuckey made a career-high tying five steals. ... Cheeks coached his 600th NBA game. ... Cavaliers center  Tyler Zeller  scored a season-high 13 points. ... Cleveland rookie shooting guard  Matthew Dellavedova  had a career-best six assists. 
 
 NOT : Cavaliers point guard  Jarrett Jack  played 20 scoreless minutes off the bench and was a game-worst minus-24. Jack and Bynum -- Cleveland's two highest-profile free agent signings -- missed all 17 of their field goal attempts. ... Irving and Dellavedova were the only Cavaliers with more than one assist. ... Cleveland's players born in the United States shot 3-for-26 (11.5 percent) in the first half. ... The Cavaliers were called for three delay-of-game violations in the first 9:11. ... Pistons rookie shooting guard  Kentavious Caldwell-Pope  had four points and four fouls. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "We just didn't follow the game plan. Coach (Mike Brown) told us what we needed to do and we didn't execute, it's that simple. We got our butts handed to us tonight." --  Thompson 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE : Smith and Jennings -- notorious hot-and-cold players throughout their careers -- stayed under control from start to finish, allowing them to dictate the tempo at both ends of the court. When the Cavaliers made their mini-run early in the third, the enigmatic duo steadfastly stayed the course. "We're not good enough yet to just cruise through games," Smith said. "We're learning together, though." 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Brown used rookie power forward  Anthony Bennett  -- the No. 1 overall pick in the NBA Draft -- as his first player off the bench. The Nevada-Las Vegas product rewarded him by badly missing three shots in seven first-half minutes. Bennett, who missed the previous two games with flu-like symptoms, finished with seven points and two rebounds -- all of them in the fourth quarter. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Cavaliers shooting guard  Dion Waiters  (right wrist tendinitis) remains in a protective brace and missed his third straight game. The second-year pro is Cleveland's sixth man and its second-leading scorer at 14.9 points per game. There is no timetable for his return, but Waiters said he "hopes to be back soon." ... The Pistons' inactives were rookie point guard  Peyton Siva  and rookie power forward  Tony Mitchell . Not in uniform for the Cavaliers were Waiters and center  Henry Sims . 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Pistons, Friday @ Orlando, Saturday @ Washington, Dec. 30 vs. Washington. For the Cavaliers, Thursday vs. Atlanta, Saturday @ Boston, Sunday vs. Golden State. 
