  Rockets-Warriors notebook   By Geoff Lepper, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday December 21, 2010 2:18AM THE FACTS: Kevin Martin  scored 30 points, 17 of them in the fourth quarter, and  Luis Scola  handled the rest for Houston, delivering 20 points, nine rebounds and six assists as the Rockets beat the Golden State Warriors 121-112 Monday night to sweep a Northern California all-road back-to-back set.  Monta Ellis  scored 44 points and added seven assists for the Warriors, who lost for the 14th time in 16 games. QUOTABLE:  "We were 3-11 (on the road) before we started this trip, and I just told them, 'We're a better team than that. There's no reason we can't come out here and be greedy.' ... We've been playing better as of late, so it's easier to come out here with a little bit of confidence and win these games."    -- Houston forward  Shane Battier THE STAT:  After forcing a tie at 96-all with 5:37 remaining, the Rockets converted six of their last nine shots and scored on 12 of their final 14 possessions, quickly building a 113-103 lead to put things out of reach. TURNING POINT:  Golden State rookie power forward  Ekpe Udoh  came into the game having clocked only eight minutes of NBA action, but he was a critical component of the Warriors' comeback from a 10-point third-quarter deficit, providing five points, seven rebounds, four assists and three blocks. When Warriors coach  Keith Smart  finally pulled a gassed Udoh -- who played 25 minutes Monday -- off the floor, Golden State's defense went with him: Houston scored 25 points over the final 5:05 as Udoh watched. HOT:  Battier said his team's defense on Ellis was "sound" and that "every shot was contested." Nevertheless, the Warriors star went 15-for-20 from the floor, 3-for-4 on 3-pointers and 11-for-14 from the line for his seventh career 40-point game, third this season. NOT:  Warriors forward  Vladimir Radmanovic  almost single-handedly ensured the outcome with 1:55 remaining when he rebounded a miss by  Courtney Lee , had the ball stolen by  Kyle Lowry  and responded by whipping Lowry to the floor for a flagrant foul. Lowry hit both free throws and Martin drained two more on the ensuing Houston possession to make it a 110-101 game with 1:30 left. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Martin was almost a non-factor in the first half, with eight points on 2-for-6 shooting. But he came alive after checking back in with 8:19 left, knocking down all 10 of his free throws -- he was 13-for-13 from the foul line on the night -- for his third 30-point game this month. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Former Warriors coach  Don Nelson , who received a $6 million golden handshake from new owners  Joe Lacob  and  Peter Guber  not to coach the team this season, was on hand in the box of Golden State general manager  Larry Riley . Nelson originally brought Riley with him from Dallas to Oakland as an assistant coach in 2006. GOOD MOVE:  Smart originally wasn't planning on playing rookie point guard  Jeremy Lin , but with his team struggling the coach reached down the bench for a shot of energy and found it in Lin. The Bay Area product teamed with Udoh to help stiffen Golden State's defense, affording Ellis an opportunity to shoot the Warriors back into the game. BETTER MOVE:  When Udoh came off the floor and  David Lee , an inferior defender, checked back in, Houston coach  Rick Adelman  made sure to hammer away at the Warriors by using Scola on the left block as a fulcrum for his offense. Houston finished with 40 points in the fourth quarter, tied for the Rockets' best mark in a single period this season. QUOTABLE II:  "The end result is, Luis is going to get (the ball). We thought he had an advantage there, and if they doubled him, we had shooters on the floor. So we were going to see what they were going to do."    -- Adelman NOTABLE:  Martin is now 30-for-30 in free-throw shooting at Oracle Arena this season; he hit all 17 of his foul shots in the Rockets' 132-128 loss to Golden State on Oct. 27. ... It was Ellis' third 40-point game this year and the seventh of his career. ... Houston is now 5-0 when shooting 50 percent or better. ... The Warriors are now 0-16 when trailing after three quarters. UP NEXT:  For the Rockets, Wednesday @ L.A. Lakers, Monday vs. Washington, Dec. 29 vs. Miami. For the Warriors, Tuesday @ Sacramento, Saturday vs. Portland, Monday vs. Philadelphia.  