  Celtics-Bucks notebook   By Rick Braun, for NBA.com Posted Monday March 7, 2011 12:56AM THE FACTS: Paul Pierce  scored 23 points,  Nenad Krstic  added 17 and  Kevin Garnett  had 14 points and a huge blocked shot that snuffed out Milwaukee's final chance with 20 seconds left as the Boston Celtics took an 89-83 victory over the Bucks on Sunday night at the Bradley Center despite only having nine players available. QUOTABLE:  "I won't sugar-coat it; this is very hard. But the guys are intellectually understanding what we do and they have a very high basketball IQ. You can see it in terms of when we need buckets when the execution comes in. It's a simple play call but those guys are picking it up so fast."   -- Garnett on all the changes bringing five new players to the team in the last 10 days THE STAT:  After allowing the Bucks to shoot 47.7 percent and score 49 points in the first half, the Celtics held them to 33.3 percent (12-for-36) and just 34 points in the second half. TURNING POINT:  Twice the Bucks scored five straight points to forge ties at 77-77 and 82-82, the last time on  Carlos Delfino 's long 3-pointer with 3:36 left. From there, the Celtics would allow just one free throw the rest of the way on a dead-ball foul. Meanwhile,  Ray Allen  and Garnett hit jumpers, and when Garnett blocked  Luc Richard Mbah a Moute 's drive to the basket with 21 seconds left, the Celtics clinched the victory on Pierce's 3-point play with 17.9 seconds left. QUOTABLE II:  "He finishes so well and so much better than I knew. He's really comfortable and the guys are very comfortable with him. We run this fist play where he pops out that we ran where he popped out and took the jump shot. I think we've run that play since I've been here, and it's maybe the first time the 'big' has taken that shot. That was terrific to see, because that makes that play even better when you have a big where they can't sink in to take away Paul (Pierce)'s post-up. If he can do that a lot, that's going to make us really good."   -- Celtics coach  Doc Rivers  on new center Krstic HOT:  Krstic went 7-for-8 from the field for 17 points, his best scoring performance in five games with the Celtics. NOT: John Salmons  (4-for-13) and Delfino combined to go 6-for-20 for the Bucks from the shooting guard and small forward positions. GOOD MOVE:  Rivers kept newly acquired forward  Jeff Green  on the court just long enough down the stretch for Green to drill a big 3-pointer from the right corner with 5:21 left that gave the Celtics an 82-77 lead. ROOKIE WATCH:  Bucks center  Larry Sanders  had eight points and seven rebounds in 25 minutes. NOTABLE:  Milwaukee's Mbah a Moute set a new season-high for his second straight game, going 8-for-12 from the field for 19 points. Mbah a Moute's previous season high was 16 which he set Feb. 26 against Chicago. Mbah a Moute missed the next two games with the flu before returning Sunday night. ... The Bucks finished a four-game homestand with three straight losses. ... The Celtics signed point guard  Carlos Arroyo  on Sunday. Arroyo played in 49 games and had 42 starts for Miami before being waived when the Heat signed  Mike Bibby . Arroyo will join the Celtics Monday. ... Bucks center  Andrew Bogut  (strained side) and forward  Ersan Ilyasova  (concussion) missed their third and fourth straight games, respectively. ...  Delonte West  (ankle),  Glen Davis  (knee) and  Von Wafer  (calf) were not with the Celtics and are listed as day to day. UP NEXT:  For the Celtics, Wednesday vs. Los Angeles Clippers, Friday @ Philadelphia, Sunday vs. Milwaukee. For the Bucks, Tuesday @ Washington, Wednesday vs. Cleveland, Saturday vs. Philadelphia.  