  Notebook: Bulls 111, Jazz 97 Posted Saturday March 10, 2012 11:14PM By Kent McDill, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  With four of their top 10 players missing due to injury or illness, the Chicago Bulls still made quick work of the visiting Utah Jazz, who themselves had a pair of starters out. Bulls forward  Carlos Boozer  had 27 points to lead the Bulls to a 111-97 victory.  Kyle Korver , starting in place of  Luol Deng , made 10 of 16 shots, including six of 11 3-pointers, to finish with 26 points.  Derrick Rose  had 24 points and 13 assists for the Bulls.  Paul Millsap  led the Jazz with 26 points. THE FACTS II:  Because of injuries and illness, both teams started the game with first-time lineups. Perhaps that is why it took 2 1/2 minutes for either team to score from the opening tip. INJURY UPDATE:  Deng, who suffered a ligament tear in his left wrist in February, sat out the game due to continued pain after playing 17 games with the injury. Bulls guards  Rip Hamilton  (shoulder) and  C.J. Watson  (ankle) remained out of the lineup, although Watson is reportedly close to returning to action. ILLNESS/INTERNAL UPDATE:   Devin Harris  of the Jazz and  Joakim Noah  of the Bulls sat out the game with flu-like symptoms.  Raja Bell  did not make the trip with the Jazz from Philadelphia due "an internal matter" upon which coach  Tyrone Corbin  would not elaborate. TURNING POINT:  After the "starters'' battled to a 22-22 tie through one quarter, the Bulls' depth took over. The Bulls scored the first nine points of the second quarter and never trailed again. QUOTABLE:  "If we want to be a championship team, we are going to need everybody -- every coach, every coach, every trainer, to come in and do their job. That is what we are doing right now."    -- Bulls guard  Derrick Rose THE STAT:  The Jazz outscored the Bulls in the paint 62-42 (their starting "bigs'' --  Josh Howard , Millsap and  Al Jefferson  -- had 57 points) but the Bulls outscored the Jazz from 3-point range 21-0. Utah missed all three 3-pointers it attempted. HOT:  Boozer was 13 for 17 Saturday for 27 points. He is 32 for 50 (64 percent) in his last three games. QUOTABLE II:  "(Korver) showed who he is and that's why we loved him when we had him."    --   Corbin, who was an assistant coach with the Jazz while Korver played for Utah. NOTABLE:  The Bulls' amazing streak continues. Recovering from their Thursday night loss to Orlando to beat Utah, the Bulls have not lost two straight games for 75 consecutive regular season games, dating back to Feb. 9, 2011. The six-time championship Bulls' best such streak was 72 games, from Feb. 27 1995 to Feb. 4, 1996. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, vs. Knicks Monday, vs. Heat Wednesday, vs. Trail Blazers Friday. For the Jazz, vs. Detroit Monday, @ Suns Wednesday, vs. Timberwolves Thursday.  