Notebook: Jazz 99, Spurs 96 
 
 
 Andrew Aragon, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Thu Dec 13, 2012 2:12 AM - Updated Thu Dec 13, 2012 2:12 AM 
 
 THE FACTS:  All  Mo Williams  needed was a shot at redemption. At the buzzer against San Antonio, he got it and delivered.  
    Williams sank a 3-pointer as time expired to lift the Utah Jazz to a 99-96 victory over the San Antonio Spurs on Wednesday night. Williams had missed a 3-point attempt with 9.9 seconds left, but a hustling  Paul Millsap  collected the loose ball rebound to give Williams another chance.  
     After a timeout, Williams hit a 26-footer to give Utah just its second win in its last 13 games against San Antonio.  
    Millsap had 24 points and 12 rebounds to lead the Jazz, while  Al Jefferson  had 21 points.  Gordon Hayward  had 19 points, seven rebounds and six assists off the bench.  
 
 Tim Duncan  was spectacular for San Antonio with 22 points and 21 rebounds.  Tony Parker  added 22 points and seven assists.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "My look was watching the clock and watching Mo, and watching the clock and watching Mo, and then watched that ball go through the basket as the clock went off and watching him run down the floor with his hands in the air was just tremendous. It was great not only for him but for everybody. This team has worked extremely hard to get better and we're showing some growth together as a group and it's great to get a reward like this tonight."   
 -- Jazz coach  Tyrone Corbin 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Spurs were much better in the half court than the Jazz, so Utah had to get out and run and get easy baskets. Utah outscored San Antonio 29-12 in fast-break points and it made up for the Jazz's deficiencies when the game wasn't played at the pace they desired. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Spurs looked to be well on their way to a sixth win in their last seven visits to Utah when  Boris Diaw  hit a 3-pointer with 4:09 left to give them a 93-85 lead. The Jazz, however, kept fighting and chipping away at San Antonio's lead. Utah tied the game with a 9-1 run as Hayward had two assists and a 3-pointer during the spurt. Jefferson capped the run with a steal and breakaway dunk to tie the game at 94-94.    
 
 HOT:  The Jazz closed both halves brilliantly, shooting 60.9 percent in the second quarter and 52.6 percent in the fourth. Millsap continued his hot shooting of late, going 10-for-15 from the field. He made six of his first seven shots.  
 
 NOT:   DeJuan Blair  started the game for San Antonio, shot 0-for-4 and sat the entire second half.  Gary Neal  shot 2-for-9. For the Jazz, starter  Marvin Williams  shot just 1-for-5 and had two points. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We owed them. We owed them from last year. We owed them from when we played them at the beginning of this year. It was a big-time win for us." 
 -- Jazz guard Gordon Hayward 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Hayward didn't start the season playing all that great, but he's coming on strong now. Corbin did two things right with him against the Spurs: He played Hayward the entire fourth quarter, and he had him guard Parker when they were in the game at the same time. Hayward made clutch plays in the fourth and had eight points, five rebounds and three assists in the period. He also made Parker uncomfortable and prevented him from making any game-changing plays.    
 
 BAD MOVE:  The Spurs are the league's best fourth quarter team, but didn't look that way against the Jazz. They lost their poise, and couldn't execute efficiently in the final four minutes when they shot 1-for-4 and committed three turnovers. And perhaps their biggest gaffe was when they couldn't collect the loose ball that Millsap did with 9.9 seconds remaining, giving the Jazz the last shot in regulation.  Danny Green 's defense on Williams on the last play didn't help either, as he backed off him and allowed him to get a pretty clear look at his game-winning basket.  
 
 NOTABLE:  The only Jazz victory in the previous 12 meetings between the two teams could come with an asterisk because Duncan, Parker and  Manu Ginobili  sat out that game last April. Spurs coach  Gregg Popovich  was not fined for sitting his big three in that game.  Duncan had the 13th 20-20 night of his career. The Jazz are on a season-high four-game winning streak, while the Spurs had their five-game winning streak snapped.  Derrick Favors  returned for Utah after a five-game absence with plantar fasciitis and had six points in 12 minutes.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Spurs, Thursday @ Portland, Saturday vs. Boston, Monday @ Oklahoma City. For the Jazz, Friday @ Phoenix, Saturday vs. Memphis, Tuesday @ Brooklyn.  
