
 Grizzlies-Mavericks Notebook   By Dave Ivey, for NBA.com Posted Saturday October 30, 2010 12:40AM THE FACTS:   Marc Gasol  grabbed 15 rebounds and scored 10 points, including the game-winning free throw with 6.7 seconds left Friday to give the Grizzlies a rare 91-90 road victory against the Mavericks .   Memphis had dropped nine straight in Dallas dating back to Nov. 26, 2005.  Rudy Gay  led Memphis with 21 points and  O.J. Mayo  added 20. QUOTABLE:  "I just felt like my teammates really needed me and I am not 100 percent, but I knew I could do something and help them out and just be there for us."   --  Gasol , whose start was a game-time decision after he missed the opener with a sprained left ankle. THE STAT:  Memphis corralled 14 offensive rebounds and posted a 16-6 edge in second-chance points. Gasol's decisive free throw came after he was fouled by  Tyson Chandler  while coming down with his sixth offensive board of the night. TURNING POINT:  With All-Star forward  Zach Randolph  sidelined by a bruised tailbone, the fact that Gasol was able to start and play 33-plus minutes meant the Grizzlies didn't have to play small ball against the bigger Mavericks. Gasol helped Memphis post a 34-30 scoring advantage in the paint. QUOTABLE II:  "It was awesome to battle and go through the adversity we had with Zach being out, not certain that Marc was going to play, them playing zone, and we just kept hanging in there until we finally got it done."   --  Memphis coach  Lionel Hollins. HOT:  Mavericks forward  Dirk Nowitzki  scored 27 points on 11-for-15 shooting against the Grizzlies and is 22-for-28 from the field through two games. NOT:  Dallas turned the ball over 20 times, including nine in the fourth quarter. That's now 36 turnovers in two games for the Mavericks. GOOD MOVE:  Hollins' decision to have the 7-1 Gasol guard the Mavericks' inbounds pass with 1.9 seconds left worked out.  Jason Kidd , who finished with 10 assists and five turnovers, couldn't find a clear opening and his pass was picked off by Mayo to end the game. NOTABLE:  When Nowitzki missed a free throw at the 5:27 mark of the second quarter, it snapped a streak of 82 consecutive free throws made during the regular season. The streak dated back to a March 29, 2010 game against the Nuggets. The NBA record is 97 by Minnesota's  Michael Williams  in 1993. UP NEXT:  For the Grizzlies, Saturday vs. Minnesota, Tuesday @ L.A. Lakers, Wednesday @ Golden State. For the Mavericks, Sunday @ L.A. Clippers, Wednesday @ Denver, Saturday vs. Denver. 
