  Notebook: Grizzlies 94, Nuggets 91 Posted Monday March 12, 2012 12:53AM Michael Kelly, for NBA.com   THE FACTS:  With the starters battling foul trouble and bumps and bruises, the Memphis Grizzlies' bench came through.  O.J. Mayo  scored 22 points and dished out eight assists as the Grizzlies beat the Denver Nuggets 94-91 on Sunday night. With  Marc Gasol  and  Tony Allen  saddled with four fouls and  Mike Conley  and  Rudy Gay  hampered by hits to the head, Mayo was the offensive force to help the Grizzlies win for the 10th time in their last 10 games. Al Harrington, Nene  and  Corey Brewer  scored 15 points apiece for the Nuggets, who were swept in the season series with the Grizzlies for the first time in franchise history. QUOTABLE:  "O.J. was super. He carried us tonight. He was the man."    -- Grizzlies coach  Lionel Hollins THE STAT:  The Grizzlies forced 24 turnovers, the last one coming with 2.9 seconds left and the Nuggets trying to get a tying 3-pointer. In the three games against Memphis this year Denver averaged 18 turnovers. TURNING POINT:  Leading by two with a minute left, Mayo shook loose of Brewer, who was brought in to defend him. Mayo spotted up at the top of the key and drained a 3-pointer to give the Grizzlies a 94-89 lead. QUOTABLE II:  "They are a scrappy team. They foul and get away with a lot of stuff. It's a good basketball play if you can get away with it."    -- Nuggets guard  Ty Lawson , on the Memphis defense HOT:  Mayo in the second half. He scored 15 points on 6-for-7 shooting and had five assists. He came up with big baskets throughout to help Memphis maintain the lead for most of the second half. He also kept up his good run in games in Denver. Mayo is averaging 21.5 points in his last six games at Pepsi Center, where he set his career high with 40 on Nov. 1, 2009. NOT:  The Nuggets had numerous chances to steal this one back from the Grizzlies but hurt themselves with missed shots and turnovers. According to Nuggets coach  George Karl , his team missed 32 shots in the paint. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Restricted free agent  Wilson Chandler  was in Pepsi Center and in Denver's locker room after the game. The Nuggets hold his rights but they haven't been able to come to an agreement on a contract. GOOD MOVE:  Hollins liked the way Mayo was playing at the end of the first half so he started him in the second half so he could build on that momentum. It proved to be a shrewd move when Mayo keyed a 12-1 run to give Memphis a 69-59 lead. QUOTABLE III:  "I definitely did have it going as far as a rhythm. I was so mad I had so many turnovers. I know how important it is when you're playing (point guard) to take care of the ball. I'm glad it didn't cost us a game."   -- Mayo, on his game BAD MOVE:  The Nuggets protected the paint but were slow to close out on the Memphis outside shooters. They also failed on three chances in the final 40 seconds to get the game within one by missing two free throws and a layup. NOTABLE:  Conley left the game midway through the third quarter with a cut over his right eye. He went to the locker room where he received three stitches. He returned three minutes into fourth. ... Lawson sprained his right foot in the second quarter but stayed in the game. X-rays after the game were negative. ... Memphis' three wins over Denver this year are by a combined seven points. UP NEXT:  For the Grizzlies, Tuesday vs. L.A. Lakers, Friday vs. Toronto, Sunday vs. Washington. For the Nuggets, Tuesday vs. Atlanta, Thursday vs. Oklahoma City, Saturday vs. Boston.  