  Mavs-Thunder notebook   By Randy Renner, NBA.com Posted Monday December 27, 2010 10:58PM THE FACTS:  Despite playing without star forward  Dirk Nowitzki  for much of the game, the Dallas Mavericks still proved to be quite a handful for the Oklahoma City Thunder. Nowitzki left the game early in the second quarter with a right knee injury and did not return.  Caron Butler  and  Shawn Marion  responded with 21 and 20 points to pace the Mavs to a 103-93 win.  Kevin Durant  led the Thunder with 28 points and  James Harden  added 18. Nowitzki, who has been a Thunder killer in the past, had 13 points before he left. His injury was not believed to be serious. QUOTABLE:  "If the big German had been in there it would have been easier for us. It was scary when he went down but when we saw him at halftime he was smiling and asked what the score was (56-56) and he told us, 'ah you got em." So that gave us confidence."   -- Mavericks guard  Jason Terry THE STAT:  In the fourth quarter, Dallas outscored OKC 24-12. The Mavs were 11-for-20 (55 percent) and the Thunder were just 4-for-18 (22.2) TURNING POINT:  With nine minutes left in the game and the Thunder leading 84-83 Dallas went on a 12-2 run to take a 95-86 lead with 4:30 to play. Oklahoma City was not able to climb back into the game. QUOTABLE II:  "This was a great team win, a huge team effort. Shawn Marion had a heck of a third quarter and Jason Kidd just willed us to win."   -- Mavericks assistant coach  Dwane Casey HOT:  At the beginning of the game the Mavericks blistered the nets from long range going 5-for-6 on 3-pointers in the opening 6:50. NOT:  Over the next 16:10 the Mavs were 1-for-7 on 3-pointers. GOOD MOVE:  Midway through the second quarter Thunder center  Serge Ibaka  blocked a shot and the ball flew out to the 3-point arc where Harden picked it up and raced all the way down court for a thunderous jam that sent the sell-out OKC crowd into a frenzy. BAD MOVE:  An Oklahoma City Thunder fan sitting in courtside seats at the end of the Thunder bench razzed Mavs guard Jason Terry for much of the game as Terry got off to a 1-for-9 start, missing eight shots in a row during one stretch. But in the critical fourth quarter Terry was 5-for-8 and after every make he pointed to the fan as he went back down court. "I thought it fired our guys up," said Mavs assistant Dwane Casey. NOTABLE:  The Mavericks are now an NBA-best 11-1 on the road. UP NEXT:  For the Mavericks, Tuesday vs Raptors, Thursday vs Spurs, Saturday @ Milwaukee. For the Thunder, Wednesday vs Nets, Friday vs Hawks, Saturday @ San Antonio.  