  Bulls-Nuggets notebook   By Chris Tomasson, for NBA.com Posted Saturday November 27, 2010 12:52AM THE FACTS:  Denver forward  Carmelo Anthony  hit a 23-foot jumper at the buzzer to give the Nuggets a 98-97 home win over Chicago on Friday. Both the Nuggets, with  Chauncey Billups  injured, and the Bulls, with  Derrick Rose  hurting, played without their All-Star point guards. Anthony led the Nuggets with 22 points.  C.J. Watson , starting for Rose, had a game-high 33 points. The Nuggets blew a 59-40 lead early in the fourth quarter but were able to score the game's final four points after falling behind 97-94. QUOTABLE:  "It started in Golden State with like a little stomach virus. Then over the next couple of days it became a chest and headachs and just terrible.''   -- Carmelo Anthony THE STAT:  The difference proved to be passing the ball. The Nuggets had 23 assists to just 14 for Chicago. The biggest pass of the game came courtesy of Denver point guard  Ty Lawson , who inbounded the ball with four seconds left to Anthony when everybody knew he was getting the ball. Anthony took the pass and made a 23-footer at the buzzer for a 98-97 win. TURNING POINT:  The Bulls looked to be in control with a 97-94 lead when Watson made a layup with 30.3 seconds left in the game. But the Nuggets scored the final four points of the game. Anthony hit a pair of free throws with 24.0 seconds left. After Chicago guard  John Lucas III  missed two free throws with 12.9 seconds left, that opened the door. Anthony then hit his 23-foot jumper at the buzzer for the win. HOT:  Nuggets center  Nene  shot 6-for-6 from the field in the first half and scored 14 points as the Nuggets took a 48-38 lead. The Nuggets, though, didn't go to Nene that much in the second half as he shot just 2-for-3 to finish 8-for-9 for 18 points. But Nene's hot start helped the Nuggets take an early 24-7 lead, and they were able to eventually get their third straight win. NOT:  Bulls guard  Kyle Korver  is known for his shooting. But not Friday. Korver, who entered the game shooting 48.9 percent, including 48.8 percent on 3-pointers, shot just 2-for-12, including 1-for-6 from three-point range. QUOTABLE II:  "This team, Chicago, the thing right now, I think they're probably the hardest playing team in the league. Play hard makes good things happen. Play hard can pick your team up when you have your best player not playing and almost win a game. I'm not sure they weren't the best team on the court tonight. We were more fortunate probably than good.''   -- Denver coach  George Karl BAD MOVE:  Lucas III had just signed with Chicago earlier in the day and hadn't played in an NBA regular-season game since 2006-07. Still, Bulls coach  Tom Thibodeau  strangely had Lucas III in the game in the waning seconds with Chicago clinging to a 97-96 lead. Yes, Lucas is a career 78.9-percent (15-for-19) NBA free-throw shooter. But it was a tough position for him. He bricked two foul shots with 12.9 seconds left, and Anthony soon hit the jumper at the buzzer for the win. NOTABLE:  The Bulls played without star guard Rose, who entered the game averaging 26.3 points, due to a stiff neck. It's the first game Rose has missed this season.... Billups wasn't able to play due a nose laceration, nose fracture and sprained right wrist suffered last Saturday against New Jersey... Chicago forward  Taj Gibson  returned after missing one game with an injured right ankle... Bulls forward  Carlos Boozer , who has yet to play this season due to a broken hand, said he expects to return to practice Monday... Due to Rose's neck condition, the Bulls signed Lucas III just before tipoff after he had flown in. In his first NBA action in four years, he scored two points in four minutes... Nuggets popular center  Chris "Birdman" Andersen , who returned Monday at Golden State after missing the season's first 13 games, played his first home game and got a good ovation. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Saturday at Sacramento, Wednesday vs. Orlando, Dec. 3 at Boston..... For the Nuggets, Sunday vs. Phoenix, Wednesday vs. Milwaukee, Dec. 3 vs. Los Angeles Clippers.  