  Suns-Lakers notebook   By Bryan Chu, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday March 23, 2011 3:46AM THE FACTS: Ron Artest  blew kisses.  Pau Gasol  was clutch from the charity stripe.  Kobe Bryant  was Kobe. In a game between the Lakers and Suns that featured nearly everything, the Lakers, despite leading by 21 points in regulation, managed to dodge several bullets and come up with key baskets late as they slugged their way to a 139-137 triple-overtime victory Tuesday at Staples Center. The Lakers (51-20) have now won 13 of their last 14 games. None may have been more exciting than the marathon slugfest that lasted three hours and nine minutes and did not end until 10:54 Pacific Time. Bryant finished with a season-high 42 points, 12 rebounds and nine assists. His offensive onslaught was his third 40-point game this season and 107th of his career.  Lamar Odom  tallied a season-high 29 points and 16 rebounds. Artest, who was huge in the overtime, scored 18 points. The Suns (35-34) came away with a disappointing loss after having come all the way back during regulation. As teams continue to fight for the eighth spot in the Western Conference, Phoenix may look back on this game as a tough one to swallow. It also doesn't help that the Suns have the second of a back-to-back Wednesday at home versus Toronto. In the loss,  Steve Nash  logged 19 points and a season-high 20 assists.  Channing Frye  was Phoenix's savior on more than one occasion as he scored a career-high 32 points and 14 rebounds.  Marcin Gortat  chipped in with 24 and 16. This game all but seemed over by the third quarter when the Lakers built an 89-68 lead by the 4:40 mark of the third quarter. The Suns, however, went on a 30-10 run to trim the deficit to 99-98 with 8:14 to go. During that run the Suns were 12-for-15 shooting and made six 3-pointers. Suns guard  Mickael Pietrus  tied the game at 101-101, but the Lakers scored nine unanswered points to go up 110-101 with 3:44 to go. During the Lakers' run, the Suns missed all six of their shots and turned the ball over twice. Phoenix didn't convert a field goal for 6:21 of play until Gortat had a layup at the 2:48 mark of the fourth quarter and his team trailing 110-103. Gortat's bucket sparked an 11-2 run, which was capped by  Grant Hill 's 3-pointer from the right corner to tie it 112-112. On the next possession, Hill forced Bryant into a tough 12-foot fallaway jumper. The Suns had 10.5 seconds left and  Vince Carter  missed his 3-pointer to the left, sending the game into overtime. In the first overtime, Artest hit a big 3-pointer from the left wing and blew kisses to the crowd just as he did in Game 7 of last year's NBA Finals against Boston, except in that game Artest hit a three from the right wing. After a pair of free throws by  Derek Fisher , the Lakers led 121-118 with 8.3 seconds left. Out of the timeout, Frye missed his 3-point attempt, but Nash grabbed the offensive rebound and gave it back to Frye. The Lakers had a foul to give and Odom tried to foul Frye on the ground, but Frye jacked up a 3-point attempt. Frye calmly sank all three attempts in what was the loudest it's been in Staples Center in recent memory. "I consider myself an intelligent basketball player," Odom said. "Sometimes a call like that can insult your intelligence ... I fouled him on purpose. I tried to foul him before the shot ... I thought I did my job, but obviously I didn't ... I'm going to be thinking about that all night long." The Lakers had the final possession with 1.1 seconds to operate. Odom curled off a screen and fired a 19-foot fallaway from the right wing with Frye in his face, and the shot was just left. In the second overtime, the Lakers then scored six unanswered to go up 127-123 with 2:22 left. But, like all game, Phoenix had something left in them. Frye drilled a 3-pointer from the right wing to go up 130-128. The Suns had a chance to pad their lead, but Nash missed a layup and then Gasol was fouled on the other end. Gasol stepped right up and sank both free throws to tie it 130-130 with 2.5 seconds to go. The Suns passed it into Hill, but he couldn't get a handle on the ball as time expired, sending it to triple overtime. In triple overtime, the Suns drew first blood once again. Bryant then drilled a 3-pointer and Artest stole the ball from Nash and drove then threw down a nasty left-handed dunk to give the Lakers a 135-132 lead with 1:53 remaining. After a Phoenix turnover, Artest played hero again and sank a 16-foot fallaway to give the Lakers a 137-132 lead, their biggest lead since regulation. But again, the Suns refused to quit as Frye, from the same spot on the right wing, hit a 3-pointer to bring the Suns to within 137-135 with 24 seconds left. Instead of waiting for the Suns to foul him, Bryant decided to sprint the length of court and made a tough 6-foot floater, giving the Lakers a 139-135 lead with 14.2 seconds left. Carter had a last-second layup, but it wasn't enough. QUOTABLE:  "Obviously Kobe doesn't need help ... but there has to be a point in a time when we have to stop watching Kobe. He hit big shots and he carried us and he trusted us when it counted the most in the last overtime. That's Black Mamba for you."   -- Artest on his stellar play down the stretch and having the trust of Bryant. QUOTABLE II:  "A basket in those situations are worth 20 points as far as what it does for the team. He made some big plays, especially sometimes when we get in that isolation with Kobe and (the other team) starts hanging off (us) and it's time for somebody to drive the ball and make a play. Ron is tough."   -- Odom on Artest's play THE STAT:  276 -- The total number of points scored Tuesday night, the highest-scoring game in the NBA this season. TURNING POINT:  It seemed as if the Lakers were going to have this game slip away in the second overtime. After Frye sank a 3-pointer to put his team up 130-128, Bryant drove the length of the floor and jumped in the air. As he was falling out of bounds, he somehow found Gasol under the basket. Gasol went up and was fouled with 2.5 seconds left. He sank both free throws to send it to a third overtime. QUOTABLE III:  "I thought the biggest play of the game came down to when Kobe drove the baseline, and almost lost the basketball and Pau came up with it. That loose ball we just have to come up with it ... That's kind of what has happened with our season really."   -- Suns coach  Alvin Gentry  on what was the most important play of the game. HOT:  Without question, Frye was the most clutch player on the floor in this ironman game. He sank three straight free throws to send the game into the first overtime. Then he hit one of his five 3-pointers, which was tied with Nash for game-high honors, in the second overtime to give them a late cushion before Gasol made his pair of free throws. Frye finished with a team-high 32 points on 11-for-23 shooting. NOT:  Carter, who had 17 points, had an abysmal shooting night. He went 7-for-23 from the field, including 2-for-13 from 3-point range. Carter also missed a game-winning shot in regulation.     QUOTABLE IV:  "We really needed this game. This one hurts. We had opportunities to win and we didn't take advantage of them. We had some pretty costly turnovers."   -- Frye FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  At age 37, Nash still can do it (19 points and 20 assists) even though he played more than 49 minutes. He had 10 assists by halftime, seven of which came in the first quarter (the entire Lakers team had seven in the first quarter). Nash caught fire in the third period. The two-time MVP sank three straight 3-pointers for the Suns during one stretch in the third quarter, which started a 30-10 run to get the Suns back into the game. GOOD MOVE:  Lakers coach  Phil Jackson  did not make any substitutions in overtime and Gentry only brought in  Jared Dudley  off the bench. BAD MOVE:  Nash giving the final shot to Carter at the top of 3-point line in regulation. Carter had missed seven straight shots before his missed 3-pointer. NOTABLE:  The Lakers shot 44.2 percent from the field to the Suns' 48.1 percent. ... The Suns' bench outscored the Lakers' bench 54-24. ... The Lakers scored a season high in points with 139 points. ... There were 10 lead changes and 11 ties in the game. ... This is the first triple overtime between these two franchises and the first in Staples Center. UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Friday vs. Clippers, Sunday vs. New Orleans, Thursday vs. Dallas. For the Suns, Wednesday vs. Toronto, Friday vs. New Orleans, Sunday vs. Dallas.  