  Jazz-Rockets notebook   By Matt Miller, for NBA.com Posted Sunday March 20, 2011 10:59PM THE FACTS:   Kyle Lowry  posted his first career triple-double to lift the Houston Rockets to their fourth consecutive win, a 110-108 triumph over the Utah Jazz on Sunday at Toyota Center. Lowry finished with 28 points to go with 11 rebounds, 10 assists and only one turnover, while  Kevin Martin  added a team-high 34 points and sank all 18 of his free-throw attempts. Sunday's victory moves the Rockets (37-34) into ninth place in the Western Conference and within 1 1/2 games of the eighth-place Memphis Grizzlies. Paul Millsap  scored a game-high 35 points and grabbed 10 rebounds to pace Utah (36-34), which fell into a tie with the Phoenix Suns for 10th place in the West.  Al Jefferson  added a double-double of 17 points and 19 rebounds but shot just 7-for-23 from the field. QUOTABLE:  "He's our floor general. He's going to get whoever is in rhythm their shot. ... Right now he's playing great, not only from a statistical standpoint, but [also] from a leader standpoint."   -- Rockets center  Chuck Hayes  on Lowry's stellar play since the All-Star break THE STAT:  Houston's 17-for-17 effort from the free-throw line in the fourth quarter may have been the difference in this contest, as the Rockets improved to 6-1 this season in games decided by two points or less. TURNING POINT:  Utah trailed 91-88 after Jefferson completed a three-point play, but Hayes, Martin and Lowry each sank well defended shots on Houston's next three possessions to push the Rockets' advantage to 98-90 with 2:09 remaining in the game. QUOTABLE II:  "We just made a lot of little mistakes that cost us. ... The whole night tonight I'm going to be thinking about the two free throws I missed and the one time I missed a rebound."   -- Jefferson HOT:  Lowry found his outside range Sunday, finishing 9-for-14 from the field and 3-for-4 from behind the arc. In addition to his scorching shooting, Lowry stayed active on the glass, created good looks at the basket for his teammates and collected three steals. NOT:   Luis Scola  struggled mightily on the offensive end in his return from a strained left knee, scoring a season-low four points on 1-for-5 shooting and committing two turnovers. Scola was also saddled with foul trouble during the second half. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Jefferson posted his fourth consecutive double-double and No. 30 of the season, but Hayes made him work for it. Aside from the rough shooting performance, Jefferson's stat line of 17 points, 19 rebounds and four assists should please fantasy owners. GOOD MOVE:  Utah's training staff allowed Millsap to log 39 minutes in his return after missing five games with left knee tendinitis. The decision paid dividends, as Millsap taunted the Rockets with several mid-range jumpers (12-for-18 shooting), solid rebounding and savvy defensive plays (three blocks). Millsap's performance was especially impressive during the final period, when he scored 17 points on 5-for-6 shooting, including a pair of 3-pointers that kept his team within striking distance. ROOKIE WATCH:  Jazz forward  Derrick Favors  (eight points, four rebounds, one block) matched up against the Rockets'  Patrick Patterson  (14 points, career-high 13 rebounds, one block) throughout the game. Patterson played with more aggression around the basket, but Favors flashed the athleticism and skillset that made him the third overall pick in the 2010 NBA Draft. NOTABLE:  Sunday's victory moves  Rick Adelman  (939 wins) into sole possession of ninth all-time on the NBA regular-season coaching wins list. With  Red Auerbach  now in his rear-view mirror, Adelman is five victories shy of tying  Bill Fitch  for eighth all-time NOTABLE II:  Sunday's win gives Houston the tiebreaker if these teams end the regular season as the only two clubs tied for the Western Conference's eighth and final playoff spot. ... Houston forward  Chase Budinger  was escorted to the locker room during the second quarter after spraining his left ankle. He did not return, and his status for Wednesday's game against Golden State is uncertain. ... Utah fell to 13-8 in games decided by six points or less. ... The Rockets improved to 15-6 when Lowry hands out at least eight assists. ... Martin's 18 free throws set an individual franchise record for most free throws made in a game without a miss. UP NEXT:  For the Jazz, Monday @ Memphis, Wednesday @ Oklahoma City, Thursday vs. New Orleans. For the Rockets, Wednesday vs. Golden State, Sunday @ Miami, Tuesday @ New Jersey.  