Notebook: Nuggets 120, Magic 94 
 
 
 Michael Kelly, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Jan 12, 2014 1:12 AM - Updated Sun Jan 12, 2014 1:12 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Nuggets have won their last four games by 13 or more points for the third time in franchise history. They've also led by 25 in each of those games. 
 
 THE LEAD: Randy Foye  and  Evan Fournier  scored 18 apiece,  Quincy Miller  had 16 points and 11 rebounds -- both career highs -- and the Denver Nuggets raced to an early lead on their way to a 120-94 rout of the Orlando Magic on Saturday night at the Pepsi Center. 
 
 Kenneth Faried  had 17 points and nine rebounds and  J.J. Hickson  pitched in with 13 points and 10 rebounds for the Nuggets (19-17) , who have won five straight.  Tobias Harris  had 22 points and nine rebounds for the Magic (10-27), who have lost seven straight.  Glen Davis  scored 20 for Orlando. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I challenged our team to show some killer instinct tonight. They responded and came out and showed that they had killer instinct. They got them down and kept them down pretty much the entire night." 
 -- Nuggets coach  Brian Shaw 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Nuggets continue to be prolific from long range, going 12-for-28 from 3-point range. They have made 12 3-pointers in four straight games. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Nuggets didn't let the Magic believe they had a chance. They used a 12-0 run in the first quarter to take a 34-19 lead. A 10-2 run in the second quarter made it a 23-point advantage. Orlando never seriously threatened after that. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "It was a challenge the entire night. Their ability to get downhill and get in transition provided problems for us."  
 -- Orlando coach  Jacque Vaughn 
 
 
 HOT:  Foye continued his resurgence with an efficient night. He needed just 10 shots to score 18 points and added four rebounds and four assists. After struggling for much of the season, he's found his shooting stroke just as the Nuggets have found their rhythm. He's averaging 18.4 points, 4.8 rebounds and 3.2 assists while shooting .541 from 3-point range in the last five games.  
 
 NOT:  Orlando hasn't been able to find an offensive groove on this losing streak. The Magic haven't scored more than 94 points since beating Atlanta two weeks ago. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Shaw didn't let his players look lightly upon a struggling Orlando team. They hit early and never took their foot off the gas. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "We knew the first two quarters were super important because we wanted to blow them out the first half and chill for the game in Utah." 
 --  Evan Fournier 
 
 
 BAD MOVE:  The injury-depleted Magic suffered another blow when guard  Jameer Nelson  left the game in the second half with a hand injury. 
 
 QUOTABLE IV:  "I'm not sure what happened. I hurt it a couple of games ago, I've just been playing through it. I guess it caught up."  
 --  Jameer Nelson 
 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Victor Oladipo  had a solid night with 15 points and five assists, but he also showed some toughness. After getting his pocket picked by Faried for a fast-break layup, the rookie drove the lane and scored over Faried and drew a foul. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Nuggets forward  Wilson Chandler  missed his second straight game with a strained left groin. He is day to day. ... Orlando guard  Arron Afflalo  suffered a strained right foot against Sacramento on Friday and did not dress. ... Nuggets forward  Darrell Arthur  left the game in the third quarter with a strained left groin. He did not return. ... Denver has scored 60 or more points in the first half for four straight games. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Magic, Monday @ Dallas, Wednesday vs. Chicago, Friday vs. Charlotte. For the Nuggets, Monday @ Utah , Wednesday @ Golden State, Friday vs. Cleveland. 
