  Sixers-Wizards notebook   By Rich Dubroff, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday November 23, 2010 11:42PM THE FACTS:  For the second time in three weeks, the Philadelphia 76ers blew a last-minute lead in regulation to the Washington Wizards and lost the game in overtime, 116-114. John Wall , who missed four games with a sprained left foot, returned and scored 17 of his 25 points in the fourth quarter to help revive the Wizards.  Nick Young  hit the game-winning 3-pointer with 7.6 seconds to play. Andre Iguodala , who missed the past three games and five of the last seven with right Achilles' tendinitis, had 23 points, 11 rebounds and eight assists to lead the Sixers. QUOTABLE:  "All we had to do was finish out the game, and we made some critical mistakes again. That's just crushing us. That's been the story of our whole first 14 games of the season."   -- Sixers coach  Doug Collins  on the loss tonight THE STAT: JaVale McGee , Washington's third-year center, set a career high for the second straight game with 18 rebounds. TURNING POINT:  Philadelphia's  Elton Brand  was ejected with 3:32 remaining when he was assessed with a flagrant foul 2 for pushing McGee. The Sixers had a nine-point lead before McGee's three-point play. Brand had a horrible second half. He scored 17 points in the first half and missed all four of his field-goal attempts in the second half before he got tossed. QUOTABLE II:  "I definitely tried to foul him, but I didn't want him to fall over like that."   -- Brand on his flagrant foul HOT:  The Wizards' McGee has 44 points and 34 rebounds in his past two games. McGee has just a 4.3 rebounds per game average. NOT:  Sixers guard  Jrue Holiday  is shooting just 7-for-24 from the field in his last two games. Holiday is a 44 percent career shooter. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Philadelphia forward  Marreese Speights , who was averaging 3.7 points in the Sixers' first 13 games, had 16 points. Speights' fans hope he's getting hot again. He scored more than 20 points in two of his first three games and two of his last three games of the 2009-10 season. GOOD MOVE:  Washington coach  Flip Saunders  sticking with Wall in his first game since Nov. 13. Wall didn't start and was scoreless in the first half as the Wizards trailed by 52-38. He scored all 25 points in the second half. BAD MOVE:  Philadelphia rookie guard  Evan Turner  missed two free throws with eight seconds to play in regulation with the Sixers up by three. Holiday was called for a controversial foul on Wall a moment later when Wall was attempting a 3-pointer, and the rookie sank all three to send the game into overtime. ROOKIE WATCH:  Wall continues to amaze with his 25 points off the bench. Turner, who was drafted just after Wall last June, was banished to the bench for long stretches and finished with 11 points. NOTABLE:  The Sixers have lost two topsy-turvy games in overtime in three weeks, and won't play in Washington again until the 2011-2012 season. They've had enough for now. On Nov. 2, Philadelphia lost 116-115. Tuesday's was 116-114. UP NEXT:  For the Sixers, Wednesday @ Raptors, Friday @ Heat, Saturday vs. Nets. For the Wizards, Thursday @ Hawks, Saturday vs. Magic, Monday @ Heat  