Notebook: Thunder 104, Rockets 92 
 
 
 Matt Miller, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Jan 17, 2014 2:17 AM - Updated Fri Jan 17, 2014 2:17 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Rockets set their season high and franchise low for points in a half, scoring 73 in the first half and only 19 over the final 24 minutes of Thursday's loss to the Thunder. The 54-point disparity is the largest in two different halves of the same game in NBA history, and it also marks the first time an NBA club has reached 70 points in the first half before failing to net 20 points after halftime.  
 
 THE LEAD:   Kevin Durant  scored a game-high 36 points and handed out seven assists as the Oklahoma City Thunder overcame a 14-point halftime deficit and snapped a three-game road losing streak in historic fashion with a 104-92 victory over the Houston Rockets on Thursday at Toyota Center.  Reggie Jackson  scored nine of his 23 points in the fourth quarter and collected six steals for Oklahoma City (29-10).  Serge Ibaka  added 21 points, 15 rebounds and five blocks.  
 
 Terrence Jones  led Houston (26-15), which saw its three-game winning streak screech to a halt, with 16 points and 13 rebounds.  James Harden  finished with 16 points, eight assists and seven boards, but the 6-foot-5 guard was scoreless on 0-for-6 shooting after halftime.   
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We were so lost in the game, we didn't realize [how drastically we turned the game around] until we got into the locker room. ... It was special to see everybody play for each other and not worry about who gets the shot, don't worry about missed shots. We just didn't let it effect our defense, and we were able to come down and stifle them a little bit and get them out of their rhythm." 
 --  Kevin Durant 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Jackson and the Rockets scored the same amount of points -- nine -- in the fourth quarter.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  After squandering a double-digit lead behind an increasingly bogged-down offense, the Rockets were still in a one-possession game with six minutes remaining in the fourth quarter. Oklahoma City created some much needed separation at this point, proceeding to score on three consecutive possessions, capped by Jackson's bank-shot 3-pointer. With the Thunder continuing to dominate defensively during this stretch, Jackson's shot was a definite dagger that gave Oklahoma City a 97-89 advantage with 4:13 left.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "It seemed like our offense just, at that point, couldn't make anything. We couldn't make a basket. We couldn't sustain anything. ... We just got stagnant after a while with people trying to do it on their own, which we can't do." 
 -- Rockets coach  Kevin McHale   
 
 
 HOT:  The Rockets have struggled to knock down the 3-point shot all season, but they were on fire from long range in the second quarter. Houston drained nine of 14 (64.3 percent) attempts from behind the arc in the second, outscoring outscored Oklahoma City 41-23 for the period to grab a 14-point halftime advantage.  
 
 NOT:  Houston's sizzling 3-point shooting did not carry over into the second half, as the Rockets missed all 14 of their attempts from downtown.  
 
 GOOD MOVE:  The Thunder did not do anything particularly special in this comeback effort, but their renewed commitment to getting back to defend shooters in transition in the second half made all the difference.  
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "I've never seen anything like it. That's inspiring. ... We knew if we were going to stay in this game that we were going to have to clean up the 3-point line." 
 -- Thunder coach  Scott Brooks 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  Rockets reserve guard  Aaron Brooks  returned to the lineup after missing Wednesday's win in New Orleans due to knee tendonitis. ... Houston played without  Greg Smith  (knee) for the third consecutive game and the ninth time in the last 12 games. ... Former Rocket  Tracy McGrady  took in the action from a courtside seat. ... Houston also set season lows in scoring for a quarter in back-to-back periods, netting only 10 points in the third and just nine in the fourth. ... Durant has scored at least 30 points in nine of his last 11 games, but he has shot a dismal 6-for-31 (19.4 percent) from 3-point range over his last four road contests. ... The Thunder improved to 24-4 this season when they grab more rebounds than their opponents.  ... The Rockets'  Donatas Motiejunas  scored a season-high 15 points on 6-for-9 shooting and matched his career high with three made 3-pointers. ... Houston fell to 20-4 when it drains more 3-point attempts than its opponent.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Thunder: Friday vs. Golden State, Sunday vs. Sacramento, Tuesday vs. Portland. For the Rockets: Saturday vs. Milwaukee, Monday vs. Portland, Wednesday vs. Sacramento.  
