Notebook: Raptors 97, Magic 86 
 
 
 Duane Watson, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Nov 18, 2012 4:18 PM - Updated Sun Nov 18, 2012 4:18 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:  The Toronto Raptors (3-7) won their second home game of the season, defeating the Orlando Magic (3-6) 97-86 at the Air Canada Centre on Sunday afternoon.  DeMar DeRozan's  20 points and nine rebounds led the Raptors, while  Andrea Bargnani  added 17 points and  Jose Calderon  had a game-high 18 assists.  
 The Magic got back in the game outscoring the Raptors 28-18 in the third quarter making it 69-67, and reclaiming a lead they had not seen since the first quarter after being down as much as 13. But the Raptors' 13-2 run with 2:49 left in the fourth quarter put them ahead by 14 giving them the lead for good. Calderon and  Amir Johnson  connected often in the fourth with the guard doling out 10 assists in the quarter and Johnson scoring 14 of his 15 points off the bench. 
 The Magic were led by  Glen Davis'  double-double of 16 points and 12 rebounds and  E'Twaun Moore's  16 points off the bench.  Arron Afflalo  added 15 points. Both teams were missing key players in the line-up as the Raptors were without  Kyle Lowry , (right foot)  Landry Fields  (right elbow) and  Alan Anderson  (left foot) and the Magic missed  Hedo Turkoglu  (left hand),  J.J. Redick  (illness) and  Al Harrington  (right knee). 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "It's my job, I'm supposed to be the energizer when I come in, I'm supposed to give the team a lift. Sometimes it's not consistent, but when I come in, I try to give our team a boost." -- Raptors forward Amir Johnson on his play in the fourth quarter. 
 
 THE STAT:  The Raptors bench rose to the occasion with a short line-up outscoring the Magic 34-28, yet more importantly outscored the Magic bench 24-9 in the final decisive quarter. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Raptors jumped out in this game early leading by 13 in the first quarter, but the Magic came back to reclaim the lead by the end of the third. The Raptors 13-2 run with 2:49 left in the fourth quarter put them ahead by 14 giving them the lead for good.  
 
 HOT:  Calderon played an immaculate first half, shooting 3-for-3 from the field, going 2-for-2 from behind the arc with five assists. His play filling in for injured starting point guard Lowry has been a steadying influence during his absence. 
 
 NOT:  On the other side of the ball, Nelson shot 0-for-5 with four assists and two turnovers in the first half. Nelson looked rusty in his second game back returning from a groin and hamstring injury that sidelined him since the season opener. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Raptors coach  Dwane Casey  gave Johnson extended minutes in the second half, providing a defensive adjustment on Magic forward Davis, while also scoring 14 points in a decisive fourth quarter. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Orlando forward  Andrew Nicholson  became the latest Toronto-born player appearing in an NBA game at Air Canada Centre, following  Jamaal Magloire, Tristan Thompson  and  Cory Joseph . Toronto guard Calderon and Magic guard Nelson are the longest serving point guards in the Eastern Conference. Calderon was an undrafted free agent in 2005 and playing in his eighth season. Nelson, in his ninth season with Orlando was selected 20th overall by the Magic in 2004. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Raptors; Tuesday @ Philadelphia, Wednesday @ Charlotte, Friday @ Detroit. For the Magic; Monday @ Atlanta, Wednesday vs. Detroit and Friday vs. Cleveland.  
