  Mavericks-Bucks notebook   By Rick Braun, for NBA.com Posted Sunday January 2, 2011 12:28AM THE FACTS: Earl Boykins  scored 26 points, and  Ersan Ilyasova  had 16 points and a career-high 17 rebounds to lead the Milwaukee Bucks to a 99-87 victory over the Dallas Mavericks Saturday night at the Bradley Center.  Jose Barea  led the Mavericks with a career-high 29 points, but Dallas played without  Dirk Nowitzki  and  Shawn Marion  and lost forward  Caron Butler  to a knee injury in the first quarter. The Mavericks lost their third straight. QUOTABLE : "I was looking for the three. I knew we had reversed the ball a few times and I could see they were starting to cheat to the passing lanes. I knew it was going to be there."   -- Boykins on his open 3-pointer over the Dallas zone with 8:23 left that started a 5-0 run. THE STAT:  The Mavericks had an eight-game road winning streak snapped as they fell to 11-2 away from the American Airlines Center. The San Antonio Spurs (10-2) are the only other team in the NBA with fewer than five road losses. TURNING POINT:  Although undermanned, the Mavericks were hanging around and trailed by just three at 80-77 with 8:34 left. When the Bucks broke their huddle and inbounded, the Mavericks settled into a zone, and Boykins found himself with plenty of room to drop in a 3-pointer with 8:23 left. On the next Milwaukee possession, Andrew Bogut found himself unguarded on the left baseline and dropped in a rare-for-him 15-foot jumper to make it 85-77 with 7:38 left. The Mavericks never got closer than five the rest of the way. QUOTABLE II:  "My elbow is starting to feel better and I have confidence shooting the jumper. Everybody's surprised I don't shoot jumpers but I'm going to (have to) keep shooting them. That's just the way it has to go. A lot of it has to do with my elbow and my elbow is starting to feel better."   -- Bogut on shooting face-up jumpers HOT:  Bucks guard  John Salmons  hit 9 of 15 shots for 21 points. NOT:  Dallas sixth man  Jason Terry  made just 3 of 15 shots and 1 of 6 on 3-pointers as the Mavericks were held to 37.5 percent shooting (30 of 80). GOOD MOVE:  Dallas coach  Rick Carlisle  had his team in a zone much of the night to counter a man-power shortage, and the Mavericks did a good job of hanging around most of the night. BAD MOVE:  Staying in the zone defense proved costly in the fourth quarter, as Boykins and Bogut both had wide-open shots that helped the Bucks to a comfortable cushion. NOTABLE : With the Mavericks already missing Nowitzki and Marion, forward Caron Butler went down clutching his right knee with 2:47 left in the first quarter. He stayed down until the Mavericks got a timeout called and eventually was helped to the locker room and did not return. The injury could keep Butler out a significant amount of time. ... Milwaukee forward  Luc Richard Mbah a Moute  left with a concussion and did not play in the second half. ... Dallas'  Ian Mahinmi  received four stitches above his right eye after a collision late in the first half but did return in the second half. ... The Bucks outrebounded the Mavs, 51-31. Guard Jason Kidd led Dallas with seven rebounds to go with 14 points and nine assists. UP NEXT:  For the Mavericks, Sunday @ Cleveland, Tuesday vs. Portland, Thursday vs. Oklahoma City. For the Bucks, Tuesday @ Miami, Wednesday @ Orlando, Friday vs. Miami.  