  Jazz-Bucks notebook   By Rick Braun, for NBA.com Posted Saturday December 18, 2010 11:59PM THE FACTS: Deron Williams  scored 22 points -- including a 3-pointer that gave his team the lead for good and started a 13-2 run -- and dished out 11 assists as the Utah Jazz pulled away for a 95-86 victory over the Milwaukee Bucks Saturday night at the Bradley Center. QUOTABLE:  "That's a great compliment to the big guys. They've been very active and concentrating on helping out. And the perimeter guys, too, they've been blocking out and getting the long rebounds."   -- Jazz forward  Andrei Kirilenko  on Utah holding Milwaukee to just three offensive rebounds. THE STAT:  With the Jazz keeping the Bucks off the offensive boards all night, Utah held a 25-5 edge in second-chance points. Milwaukee had just three offensive rebounds on the night, while Utah claimed 14, with Kirilenko getting four and  Al Jefferson  and former Buck  Francisco Elson  getting three each. TURNING POINT:  The Bucks led by as many as 12 points in the first half, but the Jazz whittled it down to 46-43 at the half. Utah went on top by as many as 10 in the third quarter, but the Bucks took an 80-79 lead on  Brandon Jennings'  drive to the basket with 6:22 left. From there, Williams drained a 3-pointer to start a 13-2 run, and the Jazz was on its way. QUOTABLE II : "It just takes a lot of character. ... I wasn't too worried about last night, where most fans would be worried. We got blown out, but I just didn't see how we could play worse than that. There was no chance of playing worse than that, no chance of shooting worse than that. We just had to bounce back tonight, and I thought we did a great job of that." -- Utah point guard Deron Williams on winning a night after getting blown out in New Orleans. The Jazz has not lost consecutive games since the first two games of the season. HOT:  Bucks guard  Keyon Dooling  (5 of 7) and forward  Drew Gooden  (6 of 8) were hot off the bench, starting center  Andrew Bogut  went 8 of 13, meaning the three combined to go 19 of 28 (67.9 percent). NOT:  Other than Dooling, Gooden and Bogut, the rest of the Milwaukee roster went 13 for 43 (30.2 percent), with  Corey Maggette  missing all five shots he took off the bench. Starters  Ersan Ilyasova  and  John Salmons  went 1 for 5 and 5 for 15 respectively. Expected to provide strong bench scoring, Maggette is 0 for 6 in the last two games and has gotten just 12:39 of playing time. BAD MOVE:  Instead of holding for a last shot when Milwaukee rebounded with 15 seconds left in the first quarter, Maggette forced his way to the hoop and was called for an offensive foul. That gave Utah an extra possession, and  Mehmet Okur  drained a 3-pointer with 2.8 seconds left in the period. ROOKIE WATCH:  After starting eight straight games, Bucks forward  Larry Sanders  played just five minutes on Monday at Dallas and has now not appeared in the last two games. NOTABLE:  Since starting the season 0-2, the Jazz has not lost consecutive games. Since having a seven-game winning streak snapped on Dec. 3, Utah has alternated wins and losses. ... Each of the Jazz frontcourt starters -- Kirilenko,  Paul Millsap  and center  Al Jefferson  -- finished with nine rebounds. ... Bogut led Milwaukee with 19 points and nine rebounds.  UP NEXT:  For the Jazz, Monday @ Cleveland, Wednesday @ Minnesota, Dec. 27 vs. Portland. For the Bucks, Monday @ Portland, Tuesday @ Los Angeles Lakers, Thursday @ Sacramento.   