  Notebook: Thunder 95, Mavericks 91 Posted Monday March 5, 2012 11:43PM By Randy Renner, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Oklahoma City's  Russell Westbrook  hit a pair of free throws with 1.8 seconds left to ice the game and give the Thunder a thrilling 95-91 win over the Dallas Mavericks. It's the 13th straight home win for the Thunder. Westbrook led OKC with 24 points,  Kevin Durant  added 22 and  James Harden  had 16. Center  Kendrick Perkins  pulled down 14 rebounds.  Dirk Nowitzki  led the Mavs with 27 points, 12 of them coming on fourth quarter 3-pointers.  Jason Terry  had 18 with half of those in the final frame. Oklahoma City's "Big Three" did not have good shooting nights. Durant was 6-for-18 (1-for-6 on 3-pointers) and turned the ball over seven times. Westbrook was 6-for-20 and Harden was 4-for-11 (1-for-6 on 3-pointers). The Thunder shot just 38.2 percent for the game but held Dallas scoreless (0-for-4 shooting and two turnovers) in the final 2:46 to secure the win. QUOTABLE:  "Our defense in the second half was outstanding (35 percent shooting for Dallas) we competed on both ends and gave ourselves a chance to win. You're gonna have nights when you can't shoot the ball straight (38.2 percent shooting for OKC) but you have to defend and play hard and give yourself a chance."  --  Thunder head coach  Scott Brooks . QUOTABLE II:  "We gutted this one out. They threw different defenses at us but we were finally able to make some plays. We just gotta keep playing hard even when shots aren't falling."  --  Durant. THE STAT:  Oklahoma City had trouble from the field but not from the line outscoring the Mavericks by 19 points at the stripe. OKC was 29-for-33 (87.9 percent) on free throws. Dallas attempted only 10 and hit them all. QUOTABLE III:  "They go to the line 30 times and we go 10 but that's what it is on the road, we still had chances. It's tough we won the championship last year because we were the best team to execute down the stretch, getting what we want and getting stops but this year, so far, we just don't have it."  --  Nowitzki. TURNING POINT:  The Oklahoma City defense down the stretch and in particular the play of Perkins. Twice in the final seconds Perkins switched onto Terry along the baseline. He blocked one of Terry's shots and forced a miss on another. QUOTABLE IV:  "Perk was really good, he does so much for us. Terry is a right-handed player and he made him go left and forced those misses."  --  Brooks. HOT:  Thunder center Perkins was 3-for-4 in the first half...Nowitzki was 4-for-4 including four 3-pointers in the first nine minutes of the fourth quarter...Harden was 3-for-3 in the fourth quarter...Dallas was 6-for-8 on 3-pointers in the fourth quarter. NOT:  The Thunder hit just three of their first 11 shots (27.3 percent) and finished the first half 16-for-39 (41 percent)...Westbrook was 2-for-8 in the first half...Harden was 1-for-6 in the first 24 minutes...Durant had five of the Thunder's six first half turnovers and was just 5-for-15 through three quarters...Nowitzki was 6-for-16 in the first 36 minutes...Terry was 3-for-10 in the fourth quarter. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Thunder assistant coach  Maurice Cheeks  was honored during a first quarter timeout for being a finalist for the Basketball Hall of Fame this year. He was given a standing ovation by the sellout crowd inside Chesapeake Energy Arena. Watching the game from a primo seat (next to Durant's mom) was  Philip Bailey,  the lead singer for the group Earth, Wind and Fire. GOOD MOVE:  When Dallas center  Brendan Heywood  sprained his ankle on the game's first play Mavs head coach  Rick Carlisle  decided to go with  Ian Mahinmi  who then hit five of his first six shots and led the Mavericks with 13 points at halftime. NOTABLE:  Heywood limped into the Mavericks locker room with that sprained left ankle and did not return to action. He is being listed as day-to-day...Oklahoma City is now 16-1 at home...The Mavs are in the middle of a nine games in 12 nights stretch, so far they have lost four of the first five of those games. UP NEXT:  For the Mavericks, Tuesday vs. New York, Thursday @ Phoenix, Friday @ Sacramento. For the Thunder, Wednesday vs. Phoenix, Friday vs. Cleveland, Saturday vs. Charlotte.  