  Grizzlies-Spurs notebook   By Tim Price, for NBA.com Posted Sunday February 27, 2011 11:04PM THE FACTS:  The Spurs lost  Tony Parker  and blew a 20-point lead from the first half, but  Manu Ginobili  scored a season-high 35 points and San Antonio won its 21st straight game at home with a 95-88 victory over the Memphis Grizzlies on Sunday at AT&T Center. The Spurs (49-10) lost Parker with a left calf contusion late in the first half. The Grizzlies (33-28) led by four at the start of the fourth quarter but could not contain Ginobili, who scored 18 points including 11-of-12 from the free-throw line in the fourth quarter. QUOTABLE:  "They executed better than we did tonight. (But) Manu was fantastic. I don't know what else to say other than he's fantastic."    -- Spurs coach  Gregg Popovich THE STAT: Zach Randolph  had 10 offensive rebounds (Memphis outbounded the Spurs 17-6), but he had trouble getting the ball back in the hole. The Grizzlies had 15 more second-chance opportunities (20-5), but converted on only six of them. TURNING POINT:  There had been five lead changes in a little more than three minutes midway through the fourth quarter, but the Grizzlies no longer were able to trade baskets when  Sam Young  was caught off guard on a couple of critical passes. First he looked away just as  Shane Battier  had come down with a rebound and let loose an outlet pass that Ginobili easily picked up. A minute later on an offensive set,  Tony Allen  leaned one way when  Mike Conley  kicked out a pass toward him for an open shot in front of the Memphis bench. After that one with 58 seconds left and San Antonio leading 86-85, coach  Lionel Hollins  pulled Allen, and the Spurs scored nine of the final 12 points in the game. QUOTABLE II:  "We couldn't get stops at key moments of the game. Ginobili got to the paint and they shot 33 free throws to our 19. That's the difference."    -- Randolph HOT: Matt Bonner  was 4-for-5 from the 3-point line and scored 14 points off the bench. Bonner leads the league in 3-point percentage and is hitting at more than a 50-percent clip. NOT:  Randolph went 7-for-25, yet still managed to score 24 points. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  With Parker out for a little more than half the game, Ginobili hit his season-high 35 points along with eight assists and six rebounds. Randolph's 24 points and 17 rebounds came with five assists. GOOD MOVE:  After Parker went down, the Grizzlies scored 35 of the game's next 43 points. So, trailing by seven, Popovich had his team come out of a timeout with the idea to get the ball to Bonner. He responded with a pair of 3-pointers that finally took the steam out of the Grizzlies. BAD MOVE:  The Grizzlies traded for Battier and had him on the floor the entire fourth quarter, but they couldn't get him on Ginobili enough on defense. Conley drew the assignment most of the night, and the point guard ended with five fouls and one assist. ROOKIE WATCH:  The injuries to Parker and  Gary Neal  allowed Spurs first-round pick James Anderson to get double-digit minutes in consecutive games for the first time since November. His only basket from four attempts came on a slam dunk off a fast-break lob from Ginobili in the first half. NOTABLE:  Referee  Tommy Nunez Jr.  left the game under his own power after suffering an apparent leg injury in the first quarter. The two remaining members of the officiating crew --  Derrick Stafford  and  Olandis Poole  -- finished the game. ... The Spurs are one away from the club record for consecutive home wins. Next home game is Friday against Miami. The Spurs won 22 straight stretching from the end of the 1998-99 season through the beginning of the '99-2000 season. The Spurs' current 21-game streak is franchise-best for a single season. UP NEXT:  For the Grizzlies, Tuesday vs. San Antonio, Friday vs. New Orleans, Sunday @ Dallas. For the Spurs, Tuesday @ Memphis, Wednesday @ Cleveland, Friday vs. Miami.  