
 Pistons-Bobcats notebook   By Derek S. Smith, for NBA.com Posted Monday December 27, 2010 10:24PM THE FACTS:   D.J. Augustin  scored a season-high 27 points and  Paul Silas  earned a victory in his first game as interim coach as the Charlotte Bobcats picked up a 105-100 win over the Detroit Pistons Monday night at Time Warner Cable Arena.  Charlie Villanueva  scored 25 points to lead Detroit while  Stephen Jackson  added 23 for the Bobcats who snapped four-game losing streak. QUOTABLE:  "D.J. [Augustin] was just outstanding. You have to have confidence and he had lost that. The confidence was back tonight for him. He made some unbelievable plays, hit some great shots and played some good defense."   -- Charlotte interim coach Paul Silas on the play of point guard D.J. Augustin THE STAT:  Rebounds. The Bobcats dominated the paint in Monday's victory. Charlotte outrebounded the Pistons 46-32 and all 10 players who saw action picked up a board. Charlotte collected a total of 11 offensive rebounds which accounted for 18 points and also outscored Detroit 46-38 in the paint. TURNING POINT:  Start of the second quarter. Charlotte came out and blitzed the Pistons with a 23-2 run to open the second quarter. The Bobcats scored the first 13 points of the quarter and made 10-for-14 to open the second stanza.  Tyrus Thomas  had six points and  Shaun Livingston  and  Derrick Brown  each added four. QUOTABLE II:  "I want the ball. I'm going to take the shot and I'm going to take it with confidence. I don't mind. If I don't take the shot then I'll make the play with somebody else. That's part of being a leader."    -- Stephen Jackson on his role as leader and go-to scorer for the Bobcats HOT:  Three pointers. The teams combined to shoot 21-for-38 from behind the arc for a 55.3 percent. Villanueva sank five triples while  Ben Gordon  added four for the Pistons. For Charlotte, both Augustin and Jackson sank four 3-pointers. NOT:  Charlotte turnovers. Despite the win and the change in the coaching staff Charlotte still struggled to hold onto the ball. The Bobcats committed 24 turnovers which the Pistons turned into 31 points. Jackson accounted for nine of those turnovers which was a career high for him while Tyrus Thomas had six of the team's total. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Augustin and Villanueva. Charlotte's Augustin scored a season-best 27 points on 10-for-15 shooting including 4-for-6 from behind the arc. He also added four assists with zero turnovers and was a perfect 3-for-3 from the charity stripe. On the other bench, Villanueva was on fire for the Pistons. He scored 25 points on 10-for-14 shooting including a perfect five-for-five from the three-point line. He added three rebounds, two assists, a steal and a block on the night. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Charlotte's interim head coach Paul Silas received a loud ovation as he was introduced during the pregame festivities. Silas was a popular coach of the Charlotte Hornets prior to his hiring last week after  Larry Brown 's dismissal. The Nature Boy  Ric Flair  was seated courtside at the game. ROOKIE WATCH:  Charlotte's only rookie  Sherron Collins  was inactive while Detroit's  Terrico White  was also inactive. The lone rookie to see the court was  Greg Monroe  with three points and six rebounds in 13 minutes of action. NOTABLE:  Charlotte is now 5-3 when scoring more than 100 points and 5-1 when shooting better than .500 in a game. This was Augustin's fifth game of 20 or more points while Jackson has reached that number 11 times. Detroit's  Chris Wilcox  had season bests of 15 points and eight rebounds.  Tayshaun Prince  was in double figures for the 26th time this season while Gordon was in double figures for the 18th time this season. Tyrus Thomas scored 14 points and swatted five shots in 23 minutes off the bench for Charlotte. UP NEXT:  The next three games for each team, in this format. For the Pistons, Wednesday vs. Boston, Friday at Phoenix, Monday at Utah. For the Bobcats, Wednesday vs. Cleveland, Friday vs. Golden State, Monday vs. Miami. 
