  Notebook: Celtics 91, Magic 83   By Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com Posted Friday January 27, 2012 12:45AM THE FACTS:  The Boston Celtics shut down the Orlando Magic completely for the second time in four nights. This time it was just in the second half, but that was enough to erase a 27-point deficit and win 91-83. Paul Pierce  scored 19 of his 24 points in the second half while the Magic were held to just 25 points -- three nights after scoring 20 points in the second half of an 87-56 loss at Boston. Dwight Howard  had 16 points and 16 rebounds for the Magic, who shot 2-for-17 with five turnovers in the fourth quarter. QUOTABLE:  "In the first half, you saw us get out-hustled. They were getting the offensive rebounds. They were smiling, high-fiving and stuff. We said we were going to stick with it."   -- Celtics forward Paul Pierce. THE STAT:  The Magic led 58-37 at halftime. The 21-point margin was the largest they have ever had in a loss. TURNING POINT:  Rookie  E'Twaun Moore  opened the fourth quarter with a 3-pointer, cutting Orlando's lead to eight points and starting a 15-1 Boston run. QUOTABLE II:  "That was a character builder for our team, it really was. It's all we talked about at halftime."   -- Celtics coach  Doc Rivers . HOT:  The Celtics made 18 of their first 28 shots in the second half, turning a 21-point deficit into a three-point lead in 16 1/2 minutes. NOT:  The Magic shot 8-for-35 in the second half and 2-for-17 (while missing four straight free throws) in the fourth quarter. Between a couple of 3-pointers by  Hedo Turkoglu , they went more than 18 minutes without making a jump shot. GOOD MOVE:  Rivers was reluctant to start  Kevin Garnett  at center, but it paid off in two early fouls on Howard and a lot of Magic frustration. BAD MOVE:  With the Magic down by one point and about six minutes left,  Ryan Anderson  found himself unguarded while driving into the lane, but passed off to Turkoglu on the perimeter. Turkoglu missed on what proved to be the Magic's last chance to take the lead. QUOTABLE III:  "We got frustrated with the physical play. We got frustrated with the officials and just got totally out of our game. It was tough to watch."   -- Magic coach  Stan Van Gundy . ROOKIE WATCH:  Moore scored 13 of his 16 points in the second half and hit all four of his 3-point shots, three of them in the second half. Going into the game, he was 2-for-14 on 3-pointers. NOTABLE:  The Celtics played without starting guards  Rajon Rondo  and  Ray Allen  and starting center  Jermaine O'Neal  . . . Ryan Anderson, who went scoreless against the Celtics on Monday night, had all 12 of his points in the first quarter. UP NEXT:  For the Celtics, Friday vs. Indiana, Sunday vs. Cleveland, Tuesday at Cleveland. For the Magic, Friday @ New Orleans, Sunday vs. Indiana, Monday @ Philadelphia.  