  Nuggets-Bobcats notebook   By Derek S. Smith, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday December 7, 2010 10:34PM THE FACTS:   Stephen Jackson  scored 23 points to lead the Charlotte Bobcats to a 100-98 victory over the visiting Denver Nuggets, snapping the Nuggets' seven-game win streak.  Chauncey Billups  led all scorers with 25 points while Denver coach  George Karl  will have to wait at least one more game to pick up his 1,000th career NBA win. QUOTABLE:  "When we get stops we can run. Last year we were a great defensive team and we've got to get that back. It's time to put some wins together."   -- Charlotte guard Stephen Jackson  THE STAT:  Charlotte used a hot-shooting hand from behind the arc in the fourth quarter to pick up the win Tuesday night. The Bobcats shot 5-for-8 on 3-pointers in the final period and finished the ballgame with nine trifectas. TURNING POINT:  Bobcats point guard  D.J. Augustin  connected on a pair of threes in the span of just 50 seconds to propel Charlotte to a five-point lead. Augustin hit his first three of the quarter with 6:41 to play, breaking an 83-83 tie. He added another three with 5:51 to play and pushed the Bobcats lead to 89-85. HOT:  Jackson put up strong numbers again with a 23-point, nine-rebound, seven-assist night. He also added two steals and a block for good measure. Jackson is averaging 22 points, six rebounds and 5.7 assists since coming back from a one-game suspension on December 3. NOT:   Carmelo Anthony 's fourth quarter. The All-Star forward scored just two points in the final quarter on 1-for-5 shooting. As a team, the Nuggets shot just 7-for-21 from the floor in the final period. ROOKIE WATCH:   Gary Forbes  of Denver netted three points in nine minutes. He was the only rookie on either team to log any minutes. NOTABLE:  Bobcats forward  Gerald Wallace  recorded his 17th game with double-figure scoring and his eighth with 20-plus points and tied a season-high with five assists. Jackson recorded his 19th game with double-figure scoring. Bobcats forward  Tyrus Thomas  recorded his eighth double-figure scoring game in the team's nine home contests. Anthony recorded his 19th game in double figures this season and his 15th with 20-plus points. Billups tied his season high with 25 points recording his 16th game in double figures and his third game with 20-plus points. Charlotte shot 50 percent from the floor (39-for-78). UP NEXT:  For the Nuggets, Wednesday @ Boston, Friday @ Toronto, Sunday @ New York. For the Bobcats, Friday @ Indiana, Saturday vs. Boston, Tuesday vs. Toronto.  