Notebook: Trail Blazers 103, Timberwolves 95 
 
 
 Kerry Eggers, For NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Nov 24, 2012 1:49 AM - Updated Sat Nov 24, 2012 1:49 AM 
 
 THE FACTS:  Portland guards  Wesley Matthews  and  Damian Lillard  were too much for Minnesota Friday night, combining for 58 points in the Blazers' 103-95 victory over the Timberwolves Friday night at the Rose Garden. Matthews scored a season-high 30 points and Lillard added 28 for the Trail Blazers (6-6), who begin a seven-game road trip Sunday at Brooklyn.  Kevin Love  had 24 points and 13 rebounds for the Timberwolves (5-6), who lost their fourth straight game. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I saw an intensity in our guys' [faces] about how important [defense] was. I've seen it in spots this season, but the second half, we sustained it for a long period of time."  
 -- Portland coach  Terry Stotts 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Portland entered the game last in the NBA in opponents' scoring (102.9 points per game) and field-goal percentage (50 percent). Minnesota shot 41 percent for the game to the Blazers' 53 percent. Over the final three quarters, the Timberwolves scored 62 points and shot 20-for-57 (35 percent). 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The game was tied 78-78 late in the third quarter when Portland's  Nicolas Batum  sank a 3-pointer just before the buzzer. That kicked off a 10-0 Blazer run and the Timberwolves never got closer than six the rest of the way. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We just didn't defend well enough. [The Blazers] shot the heck out of the ball, and we didn't finish plays at the basket."  
 -- Minnesota coach  Rick Adelman 
 
 
 HOT:  Matthews and Lillard combined to make 23 of their 34 shots, including 9-for-14 from 3-point range. 
 
 NOT:  Minnesota's front line of Love,  Nikola Pekovic  and  Andrei Kirilenko  made only 13 of their 37 shots in the game. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  With injury-plagued Minnesota thin in the backcourt, the Blazers exploited them by going at them with Matthews and Lillard. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Stotts left  LaMarcus Aldridge  in the game after the All-Star forward drew his fourth foul early in the third quarter. Aldridge picked up his fifth personal a minute later and took a seat on the bench. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "We're all professionals. We've played basketball for a long time. It still takes calling out. That's what coach [Stotts] did, and everybody responded."  
 -- Portland's Wesley Matthews 
 
 NOTABLE:  Lillard, a rookie, set season highs with 28 points and 11 field goals and also recorded his fifth game with at least six assists. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Timberwolves, Saturday @ Golden State, Tuesday @ Sacramento, Wednesday @ L.A. Clippers.  For the Trail Blazers, Sunday @ Brooklyn, Monday @ Detroit, Wednesday at Washington. 
