  Wolves-Blazers notebook   By Kerry Eggers, for NBA.com Posted Saturday December 18, 2010 1:35AM THE FACTS:  With  Brandon Roy  out for the game and  Marcus Camby  and  Nicolas Batum  missing due to injury for the second half, the Trail Blazers had enough to pull out a 107-102 victory over Minnesota Friday night at the Rose Garden.  LaMarcus Aldridge  matched his career high with 36 points and  Rudy Fernandez  came off the bench for a career-high 26 points for Portland (13-14), which snapped a three-game losing streak. QUOTABLE:  "Gut check for our guys. When we have injuries, it means opportunities for other guys, and they have to step in and play. They did tonight."   -- Portland coach  Nate McMillan , left with only nine available players at the end of the game. THE STAT:  Over the past two games, Aldridge has scored 71 points, including 35 at Dallas on Wednesday TURNING POINT:  Fernandez scored his final points on a driving dunk that gave Portland a 98-89 lead with five minutes to go. QUOTABLE II:  "Rudy was great. I always talk to him, tell him to keep shooting. He has a tendency to get down. I told him, 'We need you to be the guy, to make plays for us.' Tonight he did that."   -- Aldridge on Fernandez. HOT:  Aldridge scored Portland's first 12 points and made 15 of 22 shots from the field. NOT:   Dante Cunningham  got some open looks around the basket but finished only 1-for-6 shooting. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Fernandez had the best all-around game of his three-year career, scoring a career-high 26 points, dishing out a season-high six assists to go with three rebounds and three assists in 37 minutes off the bench. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Watching courtside was Nike executive  Tom Clarke , father-in-law of ex-Blazer  Martell Webster , who had 19 points and nine rebounds for Minnesota. GOOD MOVE:  McMillan stayed with backup point guard  Patty Mills  instead of starter  Andre Miller  down the stretch. Mills rewarded the coach with eight points, four assists and some good defense on Minnesota's  Luke Ridnour . BAD MOVE:  Minnesota center  Darko Milicic  lost the opening tip -- and came down on Camby's foot. He left with a sprained ankle at the first clock stoppage, never to return. ROOKIE WATCH:   Armon Johnson  played only three minutes but sank a key 3-pointer in the second quarter. NOTABLE:  Six of Aldridge's 15 baskets came on dunks off of lob passes -- three from Fernandez, two from  Wesley Matthews , one from Camby. UP NEXT:  For the Blazers, Golden State Saturday, Milwaukee Monday. For the Timberwolves, at Denver Saturday, at L.A. Clippers Monday, Utah Wednesday.  