Notebook: Trail Blazers 104, Kings 91 
 
 
 Kerry Eggers, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Nov 09, 2013 3:06 AM - Updated Sat Nov 09, 2013 3:06 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  Portland had allowed opponents to shoot 48 percent from the field and score an average of 53 points in the paint and 15 fast-break points in its first four games. Tonight, the Kings shot 42 percent from the field, had 40 points in the paint and five fast-break points. 
 
 THE LEAD: Damian Lillard  and forward  LaMarcus Aldridge  combined for 42 points as Portland swept to a 104-91 victory over Sacramento Friday night at the Moda Center. 
 Lillard scored 22 points and Aldridge 20 to lead six players scoring in double figures for the Trail Blazers (3-2), who led almost from start to finish. Lillard also had eight rebounds and seven assists while Aldridge grabbed seven rebounds in the win. 
  Guard  Wesley Matthews  added 18 points and seven rebounds for Portland, which got double-figure scoring from six players. Forward  Nicolas Batum  had 14 points to go with seven rebounds and eight assists while center  Robin Lopez  scored 11 and forward  Thomas Robinson  came off the bench for 10. 
   Center  DeMarcus Cousins  collected a season-high 35 points and nine rebounds for the Kings (1-4), who have lost four in a row since an opening-night victory over Denver. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We had a couple of drills in practice that were harder than any transition defense in a real game.  Tonight, guys got back on the shot. We didn't stand and watch. We got back right away when the ball was in the air. We played physical, even in transition. We might have got away with a few fouls, but we did what we wanted to do."  --  Lillard, on Portland's focus on transition defense. 
 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Portland led 58-55 early in the third quarter when Matthews keyed a 10-0 run that jacked the advantage to 68-55. The Kings never got closer than seven points the rest of the way. 
 
 HOT:  Cousins was pretty much unstoppable, scoring on an assortment of mid-range jumpers, spin moves, driving layups and dunks. He was 13-for-25 from the field and 9-for-10 from the line.  
 
 NOT:  Sacramento rookie  Ben McLemore's  statistical line read like this: zeros across the board along with four fouls in seven minutes. 
 
 QUOTABLE II : "No defense. We scored (points), but we didn't defend anybody. They killed us from the 3-point line. It's a broken record until we buy in and try to defend for 48 minutes."  --  Sacramento coach  Mike Malone. 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  When Sacramento's  Travis Outlaw  went to the basket with the intention of dunking in the second quarter, Portland's  Joel Freeland  held his ground, blocking the shot with two hands. That started a fast break the other way, with  Mo Williams  converting to give the Blazers a 37-26 lead. 
 
 BAD MOVE : none. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "He's up there. Offensively, I'd put him with Brook (Lopez of Brooklyn). They're probably the two best offensive centers in the league." Portland center Robin Lopez, on Sacramento's Cousins. Brook Lopez is Robin's twin. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Portland shot 49 percent from the field, 44 percent from 3-point range and 89 percent from the line. The Blazers ruled the backboards 47-31 and had 28 assists on 39 baskets. ... Aldridge has scored at least 20 points in all five games, the first Blazer to do that since  Clyde Drexler  in 1988. ...The teams play against Saturday night at Sleep Train Arena. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Kings, Saturday vs. Trail Blazers, Wednesday vs. Brooklyn, Friday vs. Detroit. For the Trail Blazers, Saturday @ Sacramento, Monday vs. Detroit, Wednesday vs. Phoenix. 
