  Notebook: Nuggets 117, Rockets 105 Posted Saturday March 3, 2012 12:42AM By Matt Miller, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  With key players still sidelined due to lingering injuries, the Denver Nuggets are using hustle and toughness to work their way back up the Western Conference standings. Ty Lawson  scored a team-high 22 points and dished out a career-high 15 assists, and rookie  Kenneth Faried  added a double-double of 16 points and 11 rebounds (six offensive) as the Nuggets snapped a four-game road losing streak with a 117-105 win over the Houston Rockets on Friday at Toyota Center. Kevin Martin  led the Rockets with a season-best 35 points, but he was limited to only three points in the fourth quarter.  Kyle Lowry  pitched in 17 points, seven rebounds and five assists for Houston (21-16), which has lost two games in a row. Denver (20-17), which improved to 2-0 since the All-Star break, crushed Houston on the boards (49-35), in the paint (52-36), in steals (9-1) and on the fast break (19-7) while committing only six turnovers. QUOTABLE:  "I thought, for the first time in a while, I saw us wearing down a team a little bit with the constant attacking, the constant penetration, the constant pounding [the glass]. I thought it was more of a Nugget win tonight, and I haven't seen that same win probably in about a month."   -- Denver coach  George Karl THE STAT:  The Nuggets overcame 44.3 percent shooting from the field by snatching offensive rebounds and pouring in second-chance points. Denver finished the game with a 19-10 advantage on the offensive glass and a 33-17 edge in second-chance points. The Nuggets have pulled down at least 19 offensive boards in back-to-back games. TURNING POINT:  The Rockets trailed 93-90 and appeared to have a chance to trim that deficit further after Faried misfired on a pair of free throws. But the rookie followed his second miss and converted a key tip-in to push the Nuggets' advantage to 95-90. Houston's deficit never dipped below three points after that play, which epitomized how much Denver out-worked Houston for offensive boards and second-shot opportunities. QUOTABLE II:  "They threw it up there, and then they threw us out of the lane and got it [the ball]. ... We've had two games in a row where they've [the opponent] out-toughed us."   -- Rockets coach  Kevin McHale  on his team's rebounding woes HOT:  Nuggets guard  Arron Afflalo  used a terrific second-half performance to turn a rough first-half effort (one point on 0-for-2 shooting, 0 rebounds, 0 assists) into a distant memory. After halftime, the Denver shooting guard netted 16 points on 7-for-10 shooting to go with three boards and two assists to help ignite the Nuggets' 66-point half. NOT:  Houston relies on reserve guard  Courtney Lee  for tough defense and instant offense off the bench, but he has been unable to find his shooting touch lately. Lee has averaged just 6.6 points on 28.1 percent (9-for-32) shooting overall, including 22.2 percent (4-for-18) shooting from 3-point range, and 0.8 assists over his last five games. GOOD MOVE:  Lawson's jumper and runner were not falling early in the game, but he showed no signs of frustration. Instead, Denver's crafty point guard concentrated on distributing the ball effectively with pinpoint passes and made intelligent decisions. Thanks mostly to Lawson's ball-handling and attention to detail, the Nuggets committed only six turnovers. QUOTABLE III:  "People were open, and I just gave them the shot with a good pass. I try to take care of the ball most of the time, but today I was on. ... Our team is working pretty well when we spread the ball around and attack, and I'm trying to be more aggressive and be a catalyst like coach [Karl] wants."   -- Lawson BAD MOVE:  Denver, which entered Friday shooting about 33 percent from 3-point range as a team, may have felt too confident about settling for the outside shot after making four of its first six attempts from beyond the arc. The Nuggets continued to fire away from the perimeter, even when they did not have a great look at the basket, and missed 12 of their next 16 3-point attempts (25.0 percent) to finish the game 8-for-22 from long distance. NOTABLE:  Karl said reserve guard  Rudy Fernandez  (back stiffness) will return to the rotation in Sunday's game at San Antonio. ... Karl said he would have to wait until the Nuggets' practice Saturday to determine when starters  Nene  (strained left calf) and  Danilo Gallinari  (sprained left ankle) can return to the lineup. ... Rockets forward  Luis Scola  retreated to the locker room less than two minutes into the game after taking an inadvertent Afflalo elbow to the face. Scola received five stitches in his lower lip and returned with more than three minutes remaining in the first quarter. ... The officials were not afraid to blow their whistles in the opening period as the teams shot a combined 29 free throws. ... The Nuggets bench outscored Houston's reserves 42-22. ... At least seven Denver players have scored in double figures in each of the Nuggets' last two games. ... Denver improved to 15-4 when it outrebounds its opponent. ... The Nuggets' 97 field-goal attempts set an opponent season high for the Rockets. ... Houston fell to 3-13 when allowing at least 100 points. ... Rockets forward  Patrick Patterson  grabbed a season-high 10 rebounds and match his career high with four blocks. UP NEXT:  For the Nuggets, Sunday @ San Antonio (ESPN), Monday vs. Sacramento, Wednesday vs. Cleveland. For the Rockets, Sunday vs. L.A. Clippers, Tuesday @ Boston, Wednesday @ Toronto.  