Notebook: Clippers 85, Magic 76 
 
 
 Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Feb 06, 2013 11:01 PM - Updated Wed Feb 06, 2013 11:01 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:   Eric Bledsoe , starting in place of injured All-Star  Chris Paul , scored 19 of his career-high 27 points in the second half to lead the injury-riddled Los Angeles Clippers to an 85-76 victory over the Orlando Magic in a game in which both teams were missing their top three scorers. 
 Playing without Paul,  Blake Griffin  and  Jamal Crawford , the Clippers survived a sluggish first half to win for only the third time in their last 10 games. 
 
 Jameer Nelson  led the Magic with 18 points, all in the first half, as they lost their 11th straight and 22nd of their last 24. 
 The Magic played without  Arron Afflalo ,  J.J. Redick  and  Glen Davis . 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I'm not sure I've been a part of one of those before, but I don't think either one of us (coaches) was feeling sorry for each other." 
 -- Magic coach  Jacque Vaughn 
 
 
 THE STAT:  After committing 20 turnovers in each of their last two games and 11 in the first half, the Clippers turned the ball over only three times in the second half.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We got away from them a little in the second half just because we were able to control the ball a little bit more and not give them anything easy." 
 -- Clippers coach  Vinny Del Negro 
 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Bledsoe and  Caron Butler  scored five points each on a 16-2 run early in the second half that left the Clippers in command for the rest of the game. 
 
 HOT:  In a span of two minutes late in the first quarter, Clippers center  DeAndre Jordan  had three thundering dunks. 
 
 NOT:  Four starters combined on 18-for-63 shooting and the Magic shot below 35 percent overall for the second straight game. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  The Clippers directed the ball away from Nelson in the second half. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "For the most part, we knew that (Nelson) is the only person on their team who can get them going. I just tried to make it hard for him to get the ball." 
 -- Bledsoe 
 
 
 IN THE ARENA: Chris Leak , who quarterbacked the University of Florida to a BCS national championship in 2006, completed a pass to  Stuff, the Magic Dragon , during a timeout. 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Bledsoe had six steals (for the third time this season) and six rebounds. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH: Maurice Harkless  and  Andrew Nicholson , the Magic's first-round draftees, started together for only the second time. (Harkless came in a trade from Philadelphia). ...Second-round pick Kyle O'Quinn had 10 points, nine rebounds and three assists in 19 minutes. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Crawford, who scored 28 Monday night at Washington, was a late scratch due to a shoulder injury. .... The Clippers were plus-24 during Bledsoe's 41 minutes. ... The 11-game losing streak is the Magic's longest since 2004. 
 
 UP NEXT:    For the Clippers: Friday @ Miami, Sunday @ New York, Monday @ Philadelphia. For the Magic: Friday @ Cleveland, Sunday vs. Portland, Wednesday vs. Atlanta. 
