  Notebook: Thunder 104, Mavericks 102   By Randy Renner, for NBA.com Posted Friday December 30, 2011 12:01AM THE FACTS:  The Oklahoma City Thunder overcame 26 turnovers and star forward  Kevin Durant  overcame a defensive mistake when he nailed a 3-pointer at the buzzer to give his team a thrilling 104-102 win over the Dallas Mavericks Thursday night. Moments before Durant nailed the game winner he left the Mavs  Vince Carter  alone at the top of the arc. Carter took a pass from  Dirk Nowitzki  and drained a 3-pointer to give Dallas a 102-101 lead with just :01.4 showing on the clock. Durant's teammates told him to forget about the error because they would come back and win. The two-time All-Star played off two screens set by teammates and took the inbounds pass from  Thabo Sefolosha  and launched a 27-footer that hit nothing but net and set off a frenzy inside sold-out Chesapeake Energy Arena. Durant led all scorers with 30 points. He added 11 rebounds, six assists and two blocked shots. Durant has scored at least 30 points in all four games this season. Nowitzki led the Mavericks with 29 points and 10 rebounds.  Jason Terry  had 16 including four 3-pointers. Oklahoma City's  Serge Ibaka  added 16 and point guard  Russell Westbrook , after having gone just 3-for-24 in his previous seven quarters was 3-for-4 in the last 12 minutes of the game and also finished with 16. Oklahoma City is now 4-0 with the four wins coming in five nights. Dallas falls to 0-3. QUOTABLE:  "Kevin left Vince Carter so it was sort of redemption for him. That was a big play. Kevin is a play maker and a shot maker. He's mentally as tough as they come."   -- Thunder coach  Scott Brooks QUOTABLE II:  "We're making some strides, we forced a lot of turnovers (26) but making progress and being the team you need to be are two different things."   -- Mavericks coach  Rick Carlisle THE STAT:  The Thunder shot 58.7 percent but gave up 33 points on 26 turnovers. QUOTABLE III:  "We just turned the ball over too many times, you usually don't win a game when you turn it over 26 times. But our guys played as hard as we can play. Our tank is empty."   -- Scott Brooks TURNING POINT:  The game twisted and turned several times in the final moments. The Thunder led by five with :46.0 left after Westbrook hit a 17-footer. Then Terry nailed a 3-pointer to cut the margin to two. Ibake missed two free throws to leave the door open for the Mavs with 09.7 on the clock. Nowitzki then made his pass to a wide open Carter for what appeared to be the winner until Durant dropped his bomb on the Mavs as time ran out. HOT:  During the second four minute stretch of the first quarter the Thunder hit five out of six shots...In the first half Oklahoma City shot 60.6 percent ... Durant was 6-for-8 in the first half. He finished 10-for-16 (62.5 percent)... Ibaka was 4-for-6 at halftime and finished 6-for-9 ... Nowitzki was 4-for-6 in the first 24 minutes and finished 9-for-17. NOT:  Oklahoma City started the game by missing three of its first four shots and turning the ball over six times in the first four minutes...Westbrook was 2-for-7 in the first half, in his last three halves Westbrook is 2-for-20. He finished 6-for-15 but 3-for-4 in the fourth quarter...Dallas forward  Shawn Marion  was 1-for-6 in the first half, and 4-for-11 overall... Lamar Odom  was 2-for-8 at halftime and 0-for-3 in the second half...Jason Terry was 2-for-7 in the first half and 4-for-10 in the second. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Emmy and Tony Award winning actress  Kristin Chenoweth , an Oklahoma native, sang the National Anthem. She has starred in You're a Good Man Charlie Brown and Wicked on Broadway and also appeared in numerous TV series and movies. GOOD MOVE:  Midway through the first quarter, Ibaka stepped in front of Nowitzki to intercept a pass from point guard  Jason Kidd . Ibaka then raced down the court for a slam. GOOD MOVE, TOO:  Toward the end of the first quarter Thunder guard  James Harden  waited for forward  Nick Collison  to screen out Marion then Harden drove around and past forward  Sean Williams  for a layup. GOOD MOVE III:  Late in the second quarter, Terry drove toward the lane then fired a bullet pass to  Ian Mahinmi  who was all alone for a slam. NOTABLE:  The Thunder franchise is 4-0 for the first time since the 2002-03 season when the team was still in Seattle...The Mavericks are 0-3 for the first time since 2006-07 when they began the season 0-4 but then went on to win a franchise best 67 games. UP NEXT:  For the Mavericks, Friday vs Raptors, Sunday @ Minnesota, Monday vs Thunder. For the Thunder, Saturday vs Suns, Monday @ Dallas, Tuesday vs Trail Blazers  