  Cavs-Nets notebook   By Jake Appleman, for NBA.com Posted Monday January 24, 2011 11:00PM THE FACTS:  An otherwise humdrum affair turned wacky in the fourth quarter, and the Nets defeated the Cavaliers behind a game-winning baby hook shot from  Brook Lopez  (28 points, 7 rebounds).  Daniel Gibson  (19 points, five assists) back-rimmed a 3-pointer as time expired. The loss was Cleveland's 27th in their last 28 games -- 17th in a row -- and it wasted an efficient performance from  Antawn Jamison  (26 points, eight rebounds, 7-for-16 from the floor). QUOTABLE:  "We brought  Anthony Morrow  out of the bullpen and he helped us close this game."    -- Nets coach  Avery Johnson  on his main shooting guard's return to form. This was said just after Johnson compared Morrow to Yankees closer Mariano Rivera. THE STAT:  The biggest Cavaliers lead was 12 and the biggest Nets lead was five. The discrepancy hardly mattered. TURNING POINT:   Devin Harris  burst through the seams of the Cavs' defense for a layup to give the Nets an 86-85 lead. This kicked off a wild sequence that included dunks from Lopez,  Kris Humphries  and  Ramon Sessions , as well as brilliance from  Jordan Farmar  and Morrow's pitch perfect leaning pull-up banker to give the Nets a 101-98 lead. ROOKIE WATCH:   Derrick Favors  (eight points, nine rebounds, three blocks) worked serviceably on the boards and continued to finish well around the rim, but succumbed to a few mental lapses early in the third quarter. He was quickly pulled for Humphries (11 points, 11 rebounds), but returned and performed fine. For the Cavaliers,  Manny Harris ,  Samardo Samuels  and  Christian Eyenga  all made small contributions. NOTABLE:   Johan Petro  converted an acrobatic up-and-under layup late in the first quarter... J.J. Hickson  attempted 16 field goals in the first 20 minutes of the game. He didn't attempt a shot in the third quarter, but knocked down a jumper to start the fourth...Late in second quarter,  Sasha Vujacic  careened into the monitor in front of New York Post reporter Fred Kerber... In a strange twist, the Nets did what their NFL counterparts, the Jets, couldn't yesterday: win while only playing well for half of the game. While nobody would confuse this year's Cavs with the Steelers, the close proximity between the teams and the dates of the two outcomes is still noteworthy...With the victory, the Nets eclipsed last season's win total. UP NEXT:  For the Cavaliers, Tuesday @ Boston, Friday vs. Denver, Sunday @ Orlando. For the Nets, Wednesday vs. Memphis, Friday @ Indiana, Saturday @ Milwaukee.  