  Bulls-Pistons notebook    By Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com Posted Sunday December 26, 2010 10:04PM THE FACTS:  Forward  Carlos Boozer  scored 31 points, including four in overtime, as the Chicago Bulls edged the Detroit Pistons Sunday night, 95-92. Boozer assisted on  Ronnie Brewer's  go-ahead layup with three minutes left in overtime as the Bulls beat the Pistons for the ninth consecutive time. Detroit scored the last seven points of regulation, including  Charlie Villanueva's  tip-in with 0.6 seconds remaining. QUOTABLE:  "It does hurt a little bit. We've got to get every game we can get. This team beating us that many times consecutively (stinks). Maybe next time."    -- Pistons guard and ex-Bull  Ben Gordon  after Detroit's ninth straight loss to Chicago. Gordon has not beaten his former club since joining the Pistons. THE STAT : 24. The Bulls grabbed 19 offensive rebounds, leading to 24 second-chance points. The last two came on  Kurt Thomas'  putback with 1:33 left in overtime, giving Chicago a 91-88 advantage. The Bulls had 13 offensive rebounds before the Pistons got their first and scored 12 first-quarter points on second-chance opportunities. TURNING POINT:  Usually sure-handed and reliable, Pistons forward  Tayshaun Prince  committed three consecutive turnovers in OT, his only turnovers in 34 minutes. Prince has committed more than three turnovers just once this season - a four-turnover outing at Portland Nov. 9. Thomas' tip-in occurred after the second of Prince's giveaways, when Boozer stole his pass. QUOTABLE II:  "On the road, you're not always going to get the call you get at home. You're not always going to make the shots you normally hit. Sometimes, you have to win ugly."    -- Chicago forward Carlos Boozer on his club's OT victory over the 10-20 Pistons. HOT:  Boozer is averaging 29 ppg over the last three games and his 31 points Sunday was just three shy of his season high. He's also averaging 12.8 rpg over the past four games. NOT:  Gordon has scored just 11 points while starting the last two games, including seven on Sunday. He sat out most of the second half after picking up his fourth foul. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Pistons forward  Tracy McGrady  continued his resurgence, scoring in double digits in back-to-back games for the first time this season. He followed up his season-high 17 points in Toronto Wednesday with 15 against Chicago. The Pistons' last play in overtime was designed for McGrady but  Luol Deng  prevented him from getting the ball and Charlie Villanueva's potential tying 3-point try bounced off the backboard. ROOKIE WATCH:  Pistons forward/center  Greg Monroe  had a rough outing offensively, shooting 1-for-6 and scoring four points in 22 minutes. Monroe has scored in single digits 10 of the last 11 games. NOTABLE:  Chicago overcame 39.6 percent field-goal shooting, which was nearly a season low. It shot 39.5 percent against the Los Angeles Lakers Nov. 23. ... Bulls guard  Derrick Rose  equaled his season high with 12 rebounds and was just two assists short of a triple-double. He had 23 points on 9-for-23 shooting with six turnovers. ... Chicago is 3-1 in OT this season while the Pistons are 3-2. Four of Detroit's five OT games have come on Sunday home games. ... Detroit's reserves outscored Chicago's bench 40-22. The Pistons' bench entered the game leading the league at 40.1 ppg. ... The teams were a combined 0-for-10 on 3-point attempts in the first half. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Tuesday vs. Milwaukee, Friday vs. New Jersey, Saturday vs. Cleveland. For the Pistons, Monday @ Charlotte, Wednesday vs. Boston, Friday @ Phoenix.  