Notebook: Timberwolves 113, Lakers 90 
 
 
 Dan Arritt, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Mon Nov 11, 2013 12:47 AM - Updated Mon Nov 11, 2013 12:47 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Timberwolves ended a 22-game losing streak against the Lakers, the longest active streak between NBA teams. 
 
 THE LEAD:  Minnesota got off to a hot start behind the shooting of  Kevin Love  and  Kevin Martin  and then it was point guar d Ricky Rubio  who took over Sunday night, notching his second career triple-double in the 113-90 victory over the Lakers at Staples Center.  
 
 THE STAT:  The Timberwolves established a franchise record by scoring 47 points in the first quarter. No team in the NBA had scored that many in an opening frame since March 16, 2008, when the Nuggets put up 48 against the SuperSonics. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We were on fire, we were very active, plus we shot the heck out of it. I don't think they really knew what hit them." --  Minnesota coach  Rick Adelman. 
 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The game turned quickly in favor of the Timberwolves. Love and Martin scored nine points each as Minnesota surged to a 20-14 lead, and Love's fourth 3-pointer of the opening quarter gave the visitors a double-digit lead the rest of the way. The Timberwolves really put their stamp on the win when they strung together an 18-0 run later in the first quarter, extending their lead to 44-16. The closest the Lakers would get the rest of the way was 14 points at the end of the third, but Minnesota ended any thoughts of a comeback by outscoring the Lakers, 23-14, in the fourth. 
 
 HOT:  The franchise record set by the Timberwolves in the opening quarter had Love and Martin's fingerprints all over it. Love scored 18 of his 25 points in the first 12 minutes, shooting 4-for-5 from 3-point range and grabbing eight of his 13 rebounds in that span. Martin scored 16 of his 27 points in the first quarter, shooting 7-for-8 from the field and 2-for-2 from long range. Rubio finished with 12 points, a career-high 14 assists, 10 rebounds and five steals. The other two starters also hit double figures, as  Corey Brewer  contributed 17 points and  Nikola Pekovic  finished with 14 points and 10 rebounds. The only member of the Lakers to do any damage was shooting guard  Steve Blake , who scored 19 points on 7-for-11 shooting, including 5-for-7 from beyond the arc.  
 
 NOT:  The 18th season for Lakers point guard  Steve Nash  continues to look like it may be his last. Nash, who will turn 40 in February, started the game but wasn't around to finish it, having departed at halftime because of recurring nerve problems in his back. Nash is scheduled to see  Dr. Robert Watkins  on Monday, the same back specialist who repaired  Dwight Howard's  herniated disc prior to last season with the Lakers. Nash admitted afterward it's an "emotional" time for him. The two-time NBA Most Valuable Player missed all three of his field-goal attempts before heading for the locker room. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I'm concerned. [Nash] was struggling physically. You could see it in his face." --  Lakers coach  Mike D'Antoni. 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:   The Timberwolves not only had a big-time advantage in the paint with Love and Pekovic, but they were aggressive in transition, thanks to crisp outlet passes by Love and great ball handling by Rubio and Brewer, outscoring the Lakers, 19-6, in fast-break points. Minnesota didn't wait for the Lakers to miss a shot to run the floor either. Several times, the Timberwolves beat L.A. down the floor after made baskets. 
 
 BAD MOVE:   Lakers guard  Nick Young  has already gone from opening-night starter to a reserve and back in the starting lineup this season. D'Antoni is determined to find a way to spark one of the few players on the team that can create his own shot. But Young didn't get on D'Antoni's good side to start the second half, missing a 16-footer and then blowing a defensive assignment on the other end. That prompted a visibly angry D'Antoni to call timeout 47 seconds into the half and chew out Young as he walked toward the bench. Young finished with eight points on 3-for-9 shooting, one of four L.A. starters to shoot under 50 percent.  
 
 NOTABLE:  The Timberwolves franchise record for assists in a game is 17. ...  Shabazz Muhammad , the first-round pick of Minnesota who played at UCLA last season, made his fourth appearance of the season, playing the last three minutes and missing his only shot. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Tuesday vs. New Orleans, Wednesday @ Denver, Friday vs. Memphis. For the Timberwolves, Monday @ L.A. Clippers, Wednesday vs. Cleveland, Friday @ Denver.  
