  Hawks-Rockets notebook   By Matt Miller, for NBA.com Posted Sunday April 3, 2011 10:51PM THE FACTS:  Time may have already run out on the Houston Rockets' playoff hopes, but they continue to play their best with their backs against the wall. The Rockets rallied from a 11-point second-half deficit to snap the Atlanta Hawks' four-game winning streak and take a 119-114 victory Sunday at Toyota Center.  Kevin Martin  led all scorers with 35 points on 11-for-19 shooting, while  Chuck Hayes  posted his second straight double-double with 19 points and 12 rebounds. Josh Smith  led a balanced Atlanta attack with 21 points, 11 rebounds and seven assists.  Joe Johnson  added a team-high 25 points and seven assists for the Hawks (44-33), who blew a chance to gain ground on the Orlando Magic for home-court advantage in the first round of the Eastern Conference playoffs. QUOTABLE:  "Our energy level rose in that third quarter. We started attacking offensively. We got more active defensively."  --  Rockets coach  Rick Adelman  on what changed to help his team overcome a double-digit deficit. THE STAT:  After allowing 12 points off 10 turnovers in the first half, Houston became more efficient with the ball and in transition defensively. The Rockets committed just four turnovers in the second half, leading to only four points for Atlanta. TURNING POINT:  The Hawks went on a 7-0 run to build a 72-61 lead with 9:18 left in the third quarter. But the Rockets responded by attacking the basket for five layups and making a couple mid-range jumpers to pull even at 77 with 4:54 remaining in the third. TURNING POINT II:  Atlanta used a 12-4 spurt to take a 102-99 lead with less than four minutes left in the fourth quarter. But Martin and  Luis Scola  (six points, 3-for-3 shooting in the fourth) stepped up with big buckets, combining for all of Houston's points during a 10-3 run that gave the Rockets a 109-105 edge with 25.8 seconds remaining. QUOTABLE II:  "They sped us up. We took the bait and were not able to stop them...We just did not execute."  --  Hawks coach  Larry Drew  on how the game turned in the second half. GOOD MOVE:  Adelman placed  Courtney Lee  on Johnson during the closing minutes of the game in an attempt to silence the Hawks' top offensive threat. The move paid off, as Johnson committed a pair of turnovers and was held to just one layup over the final 3:30 of the contest. HOT:  Atlanta scored from all over the court in the first half, shooting 23-for-40 (57.5 percent) as a team. Only one of the eight Hawks who played before halftime  [Jamal Crawford]  missed more than half of his shots, displaying the balance Atlanta found offensively. ... The Rockets caught fire after the break, making 13 of 20 field-goal attempts in the third quarter. BAD MOVE:  The Hawks' scorching shooting before halftime led to their downfall in the third quarter, as Atlanta fell in love with the perimeter game and drained only seven of 21 shots (33.3 percent) in that period. Instead of utilizing their size and speed advantage with post-ups, the Hawks simply relied on poor shot selection. NOT:  Houston, which had connected on 43.8 percent (57-for-130) of its 3-point attempts over the last six games entering Sunday, failed to find a rhythm from the perimeter and finished 3-for-15 (20.0 percent) from behind the arc. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Martin continued to pour in points for his fantasy owners, netting his 10th 20-point outing and fourth 30-point performance in the last 11 games. He also handed out five assists and pulled down four rebounds, but his three turnovers damaged his overall production. ROOKIE WATCH:  Houston forward  Patrick Patterson  scored eight points on 4-for-5 shooting, snatched two boards, handed out one assist and stole the ball once in 16-plus minutes on the court. His energy off the bench was more vital to the Rockets' success than the box scores may indicate. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Talk-radio personality and comedian  Dennis Miller  attended Sunday's game. NOTABLE:  Adelman (933 career wins) needs one more victory to tie  Bill Fitch  for eighth all-time on the NBA regular-season coaching wins list...Houston's  Kyle Lowry  left the game during the first quarter after Hawks center  Zaza Pachulia  inadvertently elbowed him in his face on a drive to the hoop. Lowry returned in the second period after receiving six stitches in the left side of his upper lip...Atlanta's 40 second-quarter points set season highs in points allowed during the second quarter by Houston and points scored in the second period by the Hawks...Atlanta has lost 11 of its last 12 meetings with the Rockets in Houston...In addition to snapping the Hawks' four-game win streak Sunday, the Rockets halted Atlanta's five-game run of victories with a 112-106 win Jan. 15 at Atlanta...Houston improved to 6-2 since the All-Star break in games decided by five points or less. UP NEXT:  For the Hawks, Tuesday vs. San Antonio, Friday @ Indiana, Saturday @ Washington. For the Rockets, Tuesday vs. Sacramento, Wednesday @ New Orleans, Saturday vs. L.A. Clippers.  