  Notebook: Magic 100, Cavaliers 84 Posted Sunday April 15, 2012 11:09PM By Brian Dulik, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Point guard  Jameer Nelson  collected 21 points, seven rebounds, and a game-high nine assists in leading the Orlando Magic to a 100-84 victory over the Cleveland Cavaliers.  Jason Richardson  added 16 points and center  Daniel Orton  had a career-best 11 points and five steals for Orlando, which clinched a playoff berth with the win. The Magic led from wire to wire despite losing center  Glen "Big Baby" Davis  to a sprained right knee in the first quarter. Power forward  Antawn Jamison  paced Cleveland with 21 points and six assists, while point guard  Donald Sloan  had a career-high 15 points and five helpers. QUOTABLE:  "We haven't had the best of luck with injuries, so this is great tonight. Making the playoffs is big for us, but the way we did it was even better. Everybody stepped up and we played team basketball."  --  Magic power forward  Ryan Anderson . THE STAT:  Orton set career highs in points (11), rebounds (four), assists (one), steals (five), blocked shots (three), and minutes (29) -- earning the rookie a postgame water shower from Davis. "It's a great feeling, knowing the guys have your back," a beaming Orton said. "We've got a great group of guys on this team." Orton was Orlando's first-round pick in the 2010 NBA Draft, but suffered a season-ending knee injury before appearing in a game. The Kentucky product entered the evening with six points and 45 minutes in nine career contests. "I got a little winded at times, but the adrenalin kept me going," Orton said. TURNING POINT:  Orlando scored 12 straight points late in the second quarter to turn its eight-point advantage into a 43-23 lead. Fourth-string center  Earl Clark  had two hoops during the run, while Nelson and  J.J. Redick  each buried deep 3-pointers. "Nobody got discouraged or rattled when 'Big Baby' went down," Nelson said. "We just executed well, and when we take care of the basketball, we get good shots." Clark finished the contest with a season-high 13 points on 5-for-5 shooting and a career-best three assists in 24 minutes. Orton and Clark combined for 24 points on 8-for-9 field goal attempts. QUOTABLE II:  "A lot of these guys have been in the playoffs every year and you can take it for granted, but it's nice to have it done with six games left. This was a really, really, really good win for us. Tonight was very satisfying."  --  Magic head coach  Stan Van Gundy . HOT:  The Magic has won nine straight games over the Cavaliers, including the last four contests at Quicken Loans Arena. ... Though Davis did not return after being helped off the court with 4:53 left in the first, he was walking without a pronounced limp following the game. "He hyperextended his knee, so my guess would be that he'd not play tomorrow (against Philadelphia)," head coach  Stan Van Gundy  said. "I haven't been told anything officially, though." ...  Chris Duhon  served as Nelson's backup at the point, replacing Ish Smith, who had been filling the role. "We get better organization on the floor with Chris," Van Gundy explained. ... Anderson had nine points and a game-high 13 rebounds for Orlando. ... The Magic only made six turnovers. ... Cleveland shooting guard  Manny Harris  scored 10 points off the bench. NOT:  The Cavaliers went 1-2 in their lone back-to-back-to-back game set of the season. "Every team has had to play three games in a row, including us," Cleveland coach  Byron Scott  said. "It is what it is." ... Cavaliers rookie center  Tristan Thompson  shot 1-for-8 from the field and scored three points. The fourth overall pick in the NBA Draft also was completely outplayed by the seldom-used Orton and Clark. "Sometimes, there is just a lid on the basket," Thompson said. "I missed plenty of things around the rim that I've made throughout the season." ... Cleveland power forward  Luke Walton  went scoreless with five turnovers and two fouls in 14 minutes. ... The Cavaliers are 4-16 in their last 20 games and now have the fifth-worst record in the NBA. QUOTABLE III:  "Everybody's body feels beat up and is tired from the season, but it's about mind over body. We have to challenge ourselves and mentally try to push through these last couple of games."  --  Jamison GOOD MOVE:  Van Gundy showed no hesitation in putting Orton into the game, sending him to the scorer's table while Davis was still writhing on the court in front of the Magic bench. The embattled coach also deftly substituted Clark in and out of the action, keeping both centers as fresh as possible. "The guys in the locker room are really happy for Daniel and Earl right now, especially Daniel because this was his first big opportunity," Van Gundy said. "It's great to see a team that gets happy for guys like that. I just thought this was a great team effort." BAD MOVE:  Scott gave Jamison the night off Saturday in Washington, hoping it would recharge his batteries. The strategy failed as the 35-year-old missed eight of his first 10 shots against Orlando and was dominated on the glass by Anderson. "I can't imagine playing Friday, Saturday and today, but everyone goes through it," said Jamison, who had five rebounds, four turnovers and five fouls. "It was tough tonight. Even though I didn't play (yesterday), I was still winded." Jamison will be an unrestricted free agent at the end of the season. NOTABLE:  Van Gundy said the Magic is preparing to play the remainder of the regular season and playoffs without center Dwight Howard (herniated disk, lower back) and small forward  Hedo Turkoglu  (facial fracture). "If they do come back, we'll look at having Dwight or Hedo as a bonus," the coach said. Howard traveled to Cleveland after being diagnosed with the injury Friday in Los Angeles, but remained at the team's downtown hotel during the game. ... Orlando assistant coach  Mark Price  -- one of the top players in Cavaliers history -- received the loudest ovation of the night. The No. 25 that the All-NBA point guard wore in Cleveland now hangs in the rafters at Quicken Loans Arena. "Mark isn't a very vocal guy, but when he tells you something, he means it," Nelson said. "He's a true legend, so I appreciate it when he points out something that he sees in my game." ... Cavaliers point guard  Kyrie Irving  (right shoulder sprain) will have his status updated Tuesday in Detroit, while Scott revealed that center  Anderson Varejao  (right wrist fracture) is still experiencing soreness two full months after being injured by Bucks center  Drew Gooden . ... Cleveland mascot  Moondog , who was accidentally punched in the snout by Pacers power forward  David West  four days earlier, performed his usual on-court antics. Moondog suffered a legitimate eye injury during the pregame incident, forcing him to seek immediate medical treatment and miss the Indiana contest. The furry, floppy-eared, canine character was given a clean bill of health and cleared to return. UP NEXT:  For the Magic, Monday vs. Philadelphia, Wednesday @ Boston, Saturday @ Utah. For the Cavaliers, Tuesday @ Detroit, Wednesday vs. Philadelphia, Friday vs. New York.  