  Mavericks-Nets notebook   By Jake Appleman, for NBA.com Posted Sunday January 23, 2011 12:18AM THE FACTS:  Colder than the polar ice caps for most of the night and still recovering from a knee injury,  Dirk Nowitzki  (23 points, seven rebounds, 7-for-24 from the floor) provided a simple reminder that he's still one of basketball's great shooters, as a friendly roll on a midrange jumper propelled the Mavericks over the Nets, 87-86. The Nets played hard in defeat and were led by  Kris Humphries  and  Brook Lopez , who combined to provide solid frontcourt production (32 points, 21 rebounds).  Tyson Chandler  (19 points, eight rebounds, three steals) was arguably the best player on the floor for the Mavericks for most of the night. QUOTABLE:  "Oh man, I couldn't buy one. I don't know what's going on. I'm running in quicksand out there, man; I can't make a move. Got no legs ... even the last one, it didn't really wanna go in. It kinda rolled out there, so ... just really happy to get a couple [of shots] down this game."    -- Nowitzki, on his performance and the final shot THE STAT:  Three Nets big men (Lopez,  Johan Petro, Derrick Favors ) battled foul trouble, registering 13 between them. TURNING POINT: Shawn Marion  forced an airball by getting a piece of a  Devin Harris  stepback jumper with under a minute remaining. The shot would have put the Nets up three instead of one heading into the Mavericks' final offensive possession. QUOTABLE II:  "Since I can't jump that high, I wanted to take a broomstick and punch it out."    -- Nets coach  Avery Johnson , describing his thought process when Nowitzki's game-winner was rolling around the rim FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Lopez (24 points, six rebounds) turned in an efficient performance in limited action and seems to be rounding into form, even if most of the available rebounds are corralled by Humphries. INSIDE THE ARENA:  For Latin Night,  J.I. Starr  of Mega 97.9 FM announced the starting lineups in Spanish. Kidd and Nowitzki drew noticeable applause from the crowd ...  Kim Kardashian  sat courtside ...  Snooki  from the  Jersey Shore  was in attendance and noted on the Jumbotron as a " New York Times  best-selling author." Early in the fourth quarter, she went over to sit with Kardashian. When pressed for comment about the union of reality TV starlets after the game, Mavericks owner  Mark Cuban  referenced the NBA's "This is where amazing happens" slogan ...  John Amos  (James Evans from  Good Times ) sat courtside ...  La Bamba  played over the loudspeakers during a second quarter timeout ... Nets fans voiced their displeasure with some questionable officiating late in the second quarter while Cuban took issue afterwards with a "bizarre" game ... NOTABLE:  Chandler made his first four shots ... Harris threw a noticeable number of ill-advised lead passes in transition early on, but was credited after the game by Johnson with playing excellent defense ... Late in the second quarter,  Stephen Graham  knocked  DeShawn Stevenson  down after a timeout had been called. Stevenson lay on the ground, seemingly still, for a few moments ... Aside from Chandler, the Mavericks started out 9-for-36 (25 percent) for the first 20 minutes ... Nowitzki's struggles from the field were typified by an airball early in the third quarter ... Stevenson converted a four-point play early in the third quarter ... UP NEXT:  For the Mavericks, Tuesday vs. L.A. Clippers, Thursday vs. Houston, Saturday vs. Atlanta. For the Nets, Monday vs. Cleveland, Wednesday vs. Memphis, Friday @ Indiana.  