Notebook:  Hawks 104, Bobcats 92 
 
 
 Bill Kiser, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Jan 23, 2013 11:02 PM - Updated Wed Jan 23, 2013 11:02 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:   Josh Smith  scored 30 points and pulled down 13 rebounds as the shorthanded Atlanta Hawks won back-to-back games for the first time in nearly a month, beating the Charlotte Bobcats 104-92 on Wednesday night at Time Warner Cable Arena in Charlotte, N.C. 
 
 Kyle Korver  hit five 3-pointers and had 21 points for the Hawks (24-18), who last won two straight games in late December 2012.  Ivan Johnson  added 12 points and 15 rebounds, and  Jeff Teague  had 10 points for Atlanta. 
 
 Ramon Sessions  had a season-high 27 points for the Bobcats (10-32), who led twice early in the first quarter and trailed by one point late in the second quarter. 
 
 Ben Gordon  added 15 points,  Kemba Walker  scored 11 and  Bismack Biyombo  had 10 rebounds for Charlotte, which lost its third straight game. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "It was a really good win for our ballclub. We came in here a little shorthanded, and I was concerned about our big man play. But Ivan Johnson did a tremendous job. He gave us a big, big lift ... and Josh Smith really played within himself. We ran a lot of things through him, because we felt we had an advantage with him. He played just a huge ballgame for us." 
 -- Hawks head coach  Larry Drew 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Led by Smith's 16th double-double this season, the Hawks' starters combined for 76 points and 37 rebounds Wednesday; the Bobcats' starters managed just 31 points and 18 rebounds. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Bobcats overcame a nine-point deficit early in the second quarter to pull within 46-44 on  Jeffery Taylor's  layup with 1:32 left. But the Hawks closed the quarter with a 7-2 run to go up 53-46 at the break, then extended their lead to as many as 17 points in the third quarter. Charlotte would pull no closer than seven points the rest of the half. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "The frustration's high. When you're in charge, and I'm in charge, that frustration has to be handled the right way. I can do a lot of things to show emotion right now, but if I want to have control, and I see the long term of what we're trying to achieve, then there's an understanding that we're doing certain things here. Unfortunately, we're going to have nights like this. As a professional, my answer to you is that handling that starts behind closed doors and it's a 'we' thing. I accept full responsibility for it, and I know we have a better team in that locker room than how we played tonight." 
 -- Bobcats head coach  Mike Dunlap 
 
 
 HOT:  Korver was 5-of-6 on 3-pointers Wednesday, extending his streak of games in which he's made a 3 to a NBA-best 36 consecutive games. That's also the longest streak of his career, and the second-longest in Hawks' history behind  Mookie Blaylock's  42-game run in 1996-97. 
 
 HOT II:  Johnson's 15 rebounds was a career high for the Hawks' second-year forward. His previous career best was 13 rebounds against the Philadelphia 76ers on Feb. 4, 2012. It was his first double-double this season, and Johnson also tied his career high in assists (three) and his season best in steals (three). 
 
 HOT III:  Sessions hit 10 of 17 from the field, including 1 of 2 on 3-pointers, and 6 of 6 free throws to surpass his previous season high of 23 points, set twice this season. However, Sessions was far from reaching his career best -- 44 points, scored Feb. 7, 2009, against the Detroit Pistons when he was playing for the Minnesota Timberwolves. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "We had some guys step up, and we had a bunch of offensive rebounds. We haven't had those in a while. Everybody who played, played well. We knew as long as we played hard and rebounded well, we knew we had a shot at winning. So some guys stepped up." 
 -- Hawks guard  Kyle Korver 
 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Bobcats rookie forward  Michael Kidd-Gilchrist  finished with eight points and three rebounds, while forward  Jeffery Taylor  had nine points and two rebounds off the bench. For the Hawks, guard  John Jenkins  scored eight points and had four assists, while forward  Mike Scott  added five points and five rebounds. 
 
 NOTABLE:  The Bobcats extended their home losing streak to 16 consecutive games with Wednesday's loss to the Hawks. The streak dates back to Nov. 21, 2012, when Charlotte took a 98-97 victory over the Toronto Raptors. Since then, all of the Bobcats' wins have come on the road. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Hawks, Friday vs. Celtics, Sunday @ Knicks, Wednesday vs. Raptors. For the Bobcats, Saturday vs. Timberwolves, Monday @ Bulls, Wednesday @ Spurs. 
