  Notebook: Jazz 98, Grizzlies 88 Posted Monday February 13, 2012 12:47AM By Marlon W. Morgan, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  A steal from  Rudy Gay , followed by a dunk, seemed to get Utah forward  Gordon Hayward  off to a good start. Hayward maintained that aggressive play throughout, scoring a season-high 23 points while also dishing out five assists and the Jazz picked up just their third road win of the season, 98-88, at Memphis. QUOTABLE:  "This is our first back-to-back-to-back. Obviously, this is a good first win for us going into it. We're going to need all the momentum and confidence we can get. If we can keep our confidence level up and continue to play basketball like we did tonight, we'll be alright. We came out tonight with a chip on our shoulder, wanting to get back on the right track."   --  Utah forward  Paul Millsap , who had 16 points and eight rebounds. THE STAT:  With their 88 points, the Grizzlies have failed to score 100 or more points in regulation in 13 straight games. They last scored 100 in a 100-97 overtime win against Denver Jan. 31. The last time Memphis scored 100 in regulation was Jan. 21 when it beat Sacramento, 128-95. TURNING POINT:  It took the Grizzlies until the 5:04 mark of the third quarter to take their first lead of the game at 61-59 after a three-point play by  Mike Conley . It was a short-lived lead, however, as Utah quickly answered with a 10-2 run. The Grizzlies never led again. HOT:  Utah center  Al Jefferson  was more than a load for Grizzlies' All Star center  Marc Gasol . Jefferson scored 21 points on 10 of 17 shooting and hauled in a game-high 15 rebounds. While double-teamed, he also managed to pick up four assists. NOT:  Grizzlies' guard  O.J. Mayo  never got into the flow of the game. The team's leading scorer off the bench, averaging 12.4 points, scored just two points on a pair of free throws. He was 0 for 3 from the floor. QUOTABLE II:  "Today is something we shouldn't be doing this season. This is basically our problem. We should be finishing these games like we're supposed to -- closeouts, anything. We didn't have any of that finish. It's a lot of things, basically effort and going out there with a certain amount of will, offensively and defensively. We haven't done that. We need to pick it up when we're down."   --  Grizzlies forward Gay, who scored a team-high 22 with six rebounds, but had five turnovers. NOTABLE:  The Jazz, where were 2-7 on the road this season, were playing their first of a back-to-back-to-back set. Tonight they will play in New Orleans before returning home Tuesday to face Oklahoma City. Sunday's win snapped a three-game losing streak for a Jazz team that had also lost five of its last six. ... After not playing in Utah's last four games, rookie guard  Alec Burks  played just under five minutes in the second half. Jazz head coach  Tyrone Corbin  said he will continue to find ways to get Burks more minutes. ... The Grizzlies have now scored less than 90 points in four of their last five games. ... Behind Millsap and Jefferson, the Jazz outscored the Grizzlies, 54-40, in the paint. UP NEXT:  For the Jazz, Monday at New Orleans, Tuesday at Oklahoma City, Friday vs. Washington. For the Grizzlies, Tuesday vs. Houston, Wednesday at New Jersey, Friday vs. Denver.  