Notebook: Heat 86, Bulls 67 
 
 
 Kent McDill, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Thu Feb 21, 2013 11:41 PM - Updated Thu Feb 21, 2013 11:41 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:  The Miami Heat extended their win streak to nine games with an easy 86-67 victory over the host Chicago Bulls Thursday.  LeBron James  had 26 points, 12 rebounds and seven assists to lead the Heat to their first win in Chicago since James joined the Heat for the 2010-11 season.  Dwyane Wade  had 17 points for the Heat. The Bulls got 14 points from  Nate Robinson , who started at point guard in place of injured guard  Kirk Hinrich. Carlos Boozer  had 12 points and 11 rebounds for the Bulls.    
 
 THE FACTS II:  The Bulls had their season low in points and the 67 points was also the least number of points scored by a Miami opponent this season. The Bulls got no closer than seven points in the second half and trailed by double digits from the 10:43 mark of the fourth quarter to the end of the game. 
 
 QUOTABLE I:  "We had a couple of Miami Heat huddles. Everyone yelling and screaming. I love it."  --  Miami coach  Erik Spoelstra , saying his team remained competitive despite the big lead it held for most of the game. 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Bulls had 26 turnovers for the game and shot 33.3 percent (13-for-39) in the second half. The Heat had 17 turnovers and still easily won the turnover battle.  
 
 THE STAT II:  The Heat shot 50.7 percent in the game, as James went 11 for 15 from the field.    
 
 TURNING POINT:  The score was tied 22-22 after one quarter and the Bulls' last lead was at 28-26 with 8:16 left in the second quarter. The Heat scored the next 13 points and it was never much of game after that. 
 
 INJURY UPDATE:  Bulls guard Hinrich was held out of the game due to soreness in his right elbow. He had an infection in the elbow that caused him to miss seven games before playing in Tuesday's win at New Orleans. The Bulls are 2-6 in the last eight games Hinrich has missed. 
 
 INJURY UPDATE II:  Miami guard  Mike Miller  missed his sixth straight game due to an ear infection. Although he was not with the team in Chicago, Miami coach Spoelstra said there has been no decision yet on whether Miller can join the team in Philadelphia for their game Saturday. LeBron limped out of a collision with Robinson with 7:19 left in the fourth quarter but never left the game.    
 
 HOT:  Besides James' hot night,  Chris Bosh  of Miami was five for nine from the field for 12 points.  Norris Cole  made four of six shots off the bench for the Heat. 
 
 NOT: Luol Deng  was 3-for-12 from the field for the Bulls. Key bench contributors  Jimmy Butler  and  Marco Belinelli  combined to go zero for seven. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "Miami is rolling. They are playing great. If you have a bad two or three minutes of play, you're going to crush yourself and that is what we did tonight."  --  Bulls coach  Tom Thibodeau.   
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Despite the late start caused by the national television broadcast, the Heat made relatively quick work of the Bulls, which could help them get out of town before the brunt of the winter storm hitting the Chicago area overnight. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "We came out of a timeout with seven minutes to go and up 14. We said to each other 'We have to take it over now'. We didn't want them to get back into it."  --  Miami guard Wade. 
 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  Prior to the game, TNT commentator and former Bull  Steve Kerr  came out of his pre-game meeting with always taciturn Bulls coach  Tom Thibodeau  and told the reporters gathered outside "He gave us great stuff." Then he laughed. 
 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Bulls guard  Marquis Teague  got extended minutes in the absence of Hinrich combined with the fact that starting point guard Nate Robinson was in foul trouble the entire game. Teague had six points and five rebounds in 19 minutes but had no assists and four turnovers.  
 
 NOTABLE:  The last time the Heat won a game in Chicago during the regular season was March 25, 2010... the Bulls previous high in turnovers this season was 22 (they had 27 Thursday)...  Joakim Noah  had 11 points, eight rebounds, eight assists, three steals and two blocks, marking the first time he reached each of those minimum statistics in the same game... TNT broadcaster and former Miami Heat coach  Jack Ramsey  celebrated his 88th birthday at the game.   
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, @ Charlotte Friday, @ Oklahoma City Sunday, vs. Cleveland Tuesday. For the Heat, @ Philadelphia Friday, vs. Cleveland Sunday, vs. Sacramento Tuesday.  
