  Notebook: Pacers 97, Celtics 83   By Conrad Brunner, for NBA.com Posted Saturday January 14, 2012 11:09PM THE FACTS:  Going by their usual script, using balanced offense, a deep bench and a suffocating defense, the Indiana Pacers routed Boston for the second time in nine days, 97-83, Saturday in Bankers Life Fieldhouse.  Danny Granger  scored 21 while  Darren Collison  and  Paul George  had 17 apiece for the Pacers (9-3) who won their third in a row and improved to 5-0 at home. Boston (4-7) lost its fourth in a row and dropped to 0-6 against teams with winning records despite 21 points apiece from  Paul Pierce  and  Kevin Garnett . QUOTABLE:  "We want to push the envelope and see how good we can become. We want to achieve our potential. We have a number of guys on our team whose numbers could be better. But they are sacrificing those numbers for the betterment of the team."    -- Indiana Coach  Frank Vogel THE STAT:  The Pacers held the Celtics to .386 shooting, outrebounded them 52-45, outscored them 42-24 on points in the paint and 23-9 on second-chance points. TURNING POINT:  Both teams were struggling for offense in the early minutes of the third quarter, with Indiana holding a tenuous 69-60 lead. But Collison and Granger combined for all of the points in a 9-0 run that pushed Indiana's advantage 60 78-60 and Boston got no closer than 13 the rest of the way. QUOTABLE II:  "This was huge, very huge with back to back wins from quality teams, good teams. We knocked them back on their heels and we never let them back in the game when we took control. We knew they would be wanting us for the win that we got in Boston."   -- Granger   HOT:  Indiana guards Collison and George combined for 34 points on 11-of-22 shooting, adding 12 rebounds, five assists and two steals. NOT:  Boston guards  Rajon Rondo  and  Ray Allen  combined for 13 points on 6-of-18 shooting with six turnovers. QUOTABLE III:  "I thought we played tired out there in the second half. (The Pacers) just kept pushing the pace on makes and misses and took advantage of their team speed in the second half. They're well coached and they've been together and had some success. They had a good chemistry going. I think they're playing off the confidence from how they ended last year."    -- Pierce GOOD MOVE:  Vogel challenged his team before the game, calling it "a barometer game" and telling them it was an opportunity for them to show if they had "a killer instinct." Playing the second night of a back-to-back, the Pacers played with much more purpose than the Celtics. BAD MOVE:  Concerned about Indiana's 7-foot-2 center  Roy Hibbert , Boston Coach  Doc Rivers  used 6-foot-11 Jermaine O'Neal as the starter at center instead of 6-foot-8  Brandon Bass . Hibbert scored 11 points with nine rebounds while O'Neal was 0-of-6 from the field. IN THE ARENA:  Former Pacers, Sixers and Sonics forward  Derrick McKey  had a front-row seat. ... Purdue Coach  Matt Painter  was on hand to see former Boilermakers  JaJuan Johnson  and  E'Twaun Moore . ROOKIE WATCH:  Both of Boston's second-round picks played well as Moore set a career-high with seven points, while Johnson tied his career-best with four points. Rivers indicated Moore is close to playing his way into the regular rotation. NOTABLE:  The Pacers lead the league in second-chance points (17.5 per game) and outscored the Celtics 23-9 Saturday and 43-14 in two victories this season. ... Boston has been outscored 83-28 on second-chance points in its four-game losing streak. ... In addition to being 5-0 at home, the Pacers are 8-0 when scoring at least 90, 6-0 when holding opponents below 90, 7-0 when winning the board and 7-0 when winning points in the paint. ... The Celtics were without reserve forward  Chris Wilcox  (strained left calf), who Rivers said would miss "three or four games, for sure." ... Indiana now has three days off, its longest break of the season other than the All-Star break, before heading out on a three-game Western Conference road trip. UP NEXT:  For the Pacers, Wednesday @ Sacramento, Friday @ Golden State, Sunday @ L.A. Lakers. For the Celtics, Monday vs. Oklahoma City, Wednesday vs. Toronto, Friday vs. Phoenix.  