  Notebook: Sixers 89, Bobcats 72   By Andy Jasner, for NBA.com Posted Friday January 27, 2012 10:08PM THE FACTS:  Any chance of a letdown from Wednesday's home loss to New Jersey was answered early. The 76ers led from start to finish in an 89-72 rout of the Charlotte Bobcats on Friday. The final score was a bit deceiving as the Sixers led by as many as 30 points in the second half.  Lou Williams  scored 17 points and  Jrue Holiday  had 15 points for the Sixers, who improved to 13-6 and 9-2 at the Wells Fargo Center.  Jodie Meeks  also contributed 14 points for the Sixers. Kemba Walker  scored 14 points while  Matt Carroll  and  Derrick Brown  chipped in with 11 points each for the Bobcats (3-17), who have dropped seven straight and 13 of the last 14. QUOTABLE:  "We wanted to get after them early and set the tone."   -- Sixers forward  Elton Brand . THE STAT:  The Bobcats were just 4-for-15 from 3-point territory and 27-for-70 overall. That's 39 percent. TURNING POINT:  The Sixers have not had too many fast starts this season. That trend changed with a 23-10 opening quarter against Charlotte. The Sixers extended their advantage to 22 at halftime -- 59-37 -- and were never threatened from there. HOT:  Once again,  Thaddeus Young  was a spark off the bench for the Sixers. He knocked down five of his seven shots in just 24 minutes. NOT: Gerald Henderson  was a pleasant surprise starter despite a lower back contusion, but he struggled offensively, going 2-for-10. He never looked comfortable. QUOTABLE II:  "It feels good to play and to have the trust of my teammates. We have a great bunch of guys here and it feels very good to be contributing."   -- Sixers rookie forward  Lavoy Allen . FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Williams had 17 points, five rebounds and four assists while Holiday had 15 points, five rebounds, four steals and three assists. Both Sixers guards played under control all night and displayed a solid all-around game against Charlotte. INSIDE THE ARENA:  There was a huge buzz about 10 minutes before tip-off when  Will Smith  and  Jada Pinkett Smith  were escorted to their front-row seats. Smith is a part-owner of the Sixers and attended his first game Friday against the Bobcats. They received a standing ovation from the crowd when announced early in the second quarter. QUOTABLE III:  "I just kind of lost it and said something I shouldn't have said and kicked the ball. It won't happen again."   -- Bobcats coach  Paul Silas , on being ejected with 4:48 left in the second quarter. GOOD MOVE:  The Sixers attacked the rim all night. Very wise considering the Bobcats were so short-handed entering the game. It didn't take long to wear down the Bobcats. BAD MOVE:  Charlotte waited far too long in its offensive sets. Too many times, the Bobcats took a shot with one second or two seconds on the shot clock. That's not going to help when you're already challenged with limited healthy bodies. ROOKIE WATCH:  Walker had 14 points and eight rebounds for the Bobcats while forward  Bismack Biyombo  contributed two points and two rebounds. Guard  Cory Higgins  was scoreless in 15 minutes. Meanwhile, Sixers forward  Nikola Vucevic  missed his third straight game with a left knee quad strain. Allen had eight points and seven rebounds in 28 minutes for Philly. NOTABLE:  Silas received a pair of technical fouls and was ejected with 4:48 left in the second quarter and his team trailing 46-25. ... The Sixers held the Bobcats to 10 points in the first quarter. ... The promotion for this game was a Bobblehead of Holiday. "I look very mature," Holiday quipped. ... The Sixers haven't lost consecutive games all season. ... The Sixers held their opponent below 80 points for the fifth time this season. ... Henderson, on the tenacious Sixers' defense: "I felt like I was in a Duke practice." NEXT:  For the Bobcats, Saturday vs. Washington, Tuesday @ LA Lakers, Wednesday @ Portland. For the Sixers, Saturday vs. Detroit, Monday vs. Orlando, Wednesday vs. Chicago.  