  Magic-Bucks notebook   By Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday January 5, 2011 11:06PM THE FACTS: Dwight Howard  led the Orlando Magic to their seventh straight victory with 28 points, 13 rebounds and a defensive effort that frustrated Milwaukee center  Andrew Bogut . The Magic led by 19 before  Earl Boykins  and  Corey Maggette  led a fourth-quarter Bucks charge that cut the lead to five with 4:06 left. The final score was 97-87. Bogut, who had 31 points and 18 rebounds in a Bucks victory over the Magic on Dec. 4, fouled out with six points and seven rebounds. THE STAT:  The Magic became the ninth NBA team to post a winning streak of seven or more games this season, which has yet to reach its midway point. San Antonio and Miami have already done it twice. QUOTABLE:  "We have to do a better job, as a team, of putting teams away. That's what the great teams do. The last couple of games, our energy hasn't been there for the whole game."   -- Howard on the Magic squandering their big lead. TURNING POINT:  The Bucks were within striking distance until Howard finished the first half with a spinning layup, an assist of a 3-pointer by  Jameer Nelson , and a buzzer-beating dunk for a 16-point Magic lead. They needed it down the stretch when the Bucks started making shots. QUOTABLE II:  "(Howard) is a very good good player, but we've got to do a better job than that ... Andrew got in foul trouble but we didnt have a whole lot of resistance down there. He puts a lot of people in that position, but one of the reasons we were so far behind is we let him get loose a little bit and didn't have a whole lot of answers for him."   -- Bucks coach Scott Skiles HOT:  The Bucks climbed back into the game by making 11 of their first 17 shots in the fourth quarter. NOT:  The poorest-shooting team in the NBA at .412, the Bucks shot 21-for-63 (.318) in the first three quarters, and that doesn't include Bogut's 2-for-10 from the foul line. QUOTABLE III:  "This isn't a knock on anybody, but Hakeem has gotten more credit for two hours than anybody I've ever seen. I mean, they were in a gym for two hours, three hours, and all of a sudden every shot Dwight makes is because of Hakeem . . . There is not anybody alive who's turning somebody's game around in three hours. Dwight's done a lot of work and I'm sure Hakeem gave him some advice, but that's just starting to annoy me."   -- Magic coach  Stan Van Gundy  on a question referring to Hall of Famer  Hakeem   Olajuwon 's tutoring of Howard last summer. BAD MOVE:  Bucks rookie  Larry Sanders  fouled  Ryan Anderson  way too late on a breakaway dunk, giving Anderson an additional free throw and the Magic a 70-52 lead late in the third quarter. IN THE ARENA:  As usual, many of the best seats remained embarrassingly empty well into the second half at the amenity-laden Amway Center. "There must be something exciting going on at the concession stands," observed television analyst  Matt Guokas . ROOKIE WATCH:  Playing almost 31 minutes, the 6-foot-11 Sanders scored a career-high 15 points and added eight rebounds. NOTABLE:  The Magic have had six or more players in double scoring figures in each of the last four games . . . The Magic's  J.J. Redick  tied a career-high with seven rebounds . . . The combined record of the Bucks' last five opponents is 124-54 . . . The Bucks are averaging a league-low 90.5 points per game UP NEXT:  For the Bucks, Friday vs. Miami, Saturday @ New Jersey, Tuesday @ Atlanta. For the Magic, Friday vs. Houston, Saturday @ Dallas, Wednesday @ New Orleans.  