Notebook:  Knicks 106, Suns 99 
 
 
 Adam Zagoria, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Dec 02, 2012 3:24 PM - Updated Sun Dec 02, 2012 3:24 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:   Carmelo Anthony  scored 34 points and  Raymond Felton  added 23 points, seven assists and no turnovers as the Knicks won their third straight by defeating the Phoenix Suns, 106-99, at Madison Square Garden. 
 
 Tyson Chandler  added a double-double of 15 points and 13 rebounds for the Knicks (12-4), who improved to 7-0 at home this season and 18-1 all-time at home under coach  Mike Woodson . 
 
 Steve Novak  added 12 points off the bench and Knicks rookie  Chris Copeland  notched his career-high eight points. 
 
 Marcin Gortat  went for 18 points and 10 rebounds for Phoenix and  Shannon Brown  added 17 points. 
 In his return to his hometown, Suns guard  Sebastian Telfair  added 11 points and three assists. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "When I'm aggressive it opens things up for all our shooters, for  J.R. [Smith] , for Melo, Novak so I've gotta be aggressive when I'm coming off the screen-and-roll."
  -- Felton on the MSG Network 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Knicks went 12-for-29 from beyond the arc, while the Suns shot 8-for-23.  
 
 TURNING POINT:   Although Phoenix cut the lead to four points in the second half at 103-99, the Knicks continue to get ahead early at home and stay ahead. They raced out to a 21-6 lead thanks to eight points from Anthony and then outscored Phoenix 35-22 in the second period en route to a 59-42 halftime lead. Anthony had 17 points at the break. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "Every game's not going to be a runaway or blowout for us. You gotta give them credit. They played hard. They were scrapping it out and made a game out of it. We closed it out and got a 'W,' that's what counts."
  -- Woodson 
 
 
 WHO'S HOT:  Chandler leads the NBA in field goal percentage at 71 percent entering the game. He went 6-for-8 en route to a double-double. 
 
 WHO'S NOT:  The Suns (7-11) dropped their third straight game and fourth in five outings. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "The reason he's scoring a lot more on putbacks, offensive rebounds...He's been gobbling up a lot of missed shots and putting them back and he's finishing around the rim." --  Woodson on Chandler 
 
 
 NOTABLE: Jason Kidd  (back spasms) remained out at the starting shooting guard spot for the Knicks but hopes to return for the upcoming three-game road trip beginning Wednesday in Charlotte. 
 --  "He's back out on the floor shooting, but when his return is expected I don't know at this point," Woodson said.  
 
 NOTABLE II:   Rasheed Wallace  picked up two technical fouls in the first quarter and was ejected. He was in the game for a total of 85 seconds. The Elias Sports Bureau said it was the fastest he's ever been thrown out.  Marcus Camby  (sore foot) was also out, which opened up playing time for Copeland. 
 
 QUOTABLE IV:  "Cope came in and he stepped up. He helped us in that first half." 
 -- Woodson, who also declined comment on the Wallace situation. 
 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:   Spike Lee  sat courtside and spoke with  Amar'e Stoudemire  before the game. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Wednesday @ Charlotte, Thursday @ Miami, Saturday @ Chicago. For the Suns, Tuesday @ Memphis, Thursday vs. Dallas, Saturday @ L.A. Clippers. 
