  Notebook: Grizzlies 94, Clippers 85 Posted Tuesday April 10, 2012 12:02AM By Marlon W. Morgan, for NBA.com THE FACTS: Rudy Gay  called this Revenge Week for the Memphis Grizzlies as they face four teams they haven't beaten this season. Gay and his teammates managed to check one team off Monday night as they disposed of the Los Angeles Clippers, 94-85, in front of 17,219 at FedExForum. The Grizzlies had six players in double figures led by  Marc Gasol's  18 points to go with eight rebounds. QUOTABLE:  "We had no chance of winning the tiebreaker against them. We knew that, but we still wanted to beat them. It was a statement game. We know we can beat them. We knew that the first two games, we just didn't play well."   --  Gay on beating what could possibly be a first round playoff opponent in the Clippers. THE STAT:  The Grizzlies are unbeatable when they shoot 50 percent from the floor. They shot exactly that Monday night making 37 of their 74 shots to improve to 11-0 when shooting at least 50 percent. It was the first time they reached that plateau since March 25 at the Los Angeles Lakers (.512), and the first time they did it at home since Feb. 18 against Golden State (.507). TURNING POINT:  The Clippers trailed for all but one play, but managed to make one late run as they used a 9-0 run to pull to within 86-83 with 55.8 seconds remaining. The Grizzlies finally responded with  O.J. Mayo  caught Gay free along the baseline leading to a dunk with 37.8 seconds left to hold the Clippers off. HOT:  Gasol entered the game shooting just 31 percent in his last three games. But the Grizzlies All-Star center found his touch against the Clippers, making 6 of his 12 shots for a team-high 18 points. It's the first time Gasol has led the team in scoring since dropping in 22 March 22 at Portland. NOT:  Clippers guard  Randy Foye  was coming off a 25 point game against Sacramento and had been averaging 20.9 points in his last six games to lead the Clippers, while shooting 47.3 percent from the floor and 46.3 percent from 3-point range. Against the Grizzlies, Foye was held to 11 points on 5-of-17 shooting. He was just 1-of-4 from 3-point range. QUOTABLE II:  "They are one of the best rebounding teams in the league. I thought we did a good job handling some of the pressure, but we did not rebound the ball well, especially in the first half. They were more aggressive, more physical, and we struggled to shoot the ball. We didn't make enough shots to take some of the pressure off us.''   --  Clippers head coach  Vinny Del Negro . NOTABLE:  The Grizzlies trailed briefly, 4-2 after two straight baskets by the Clippers. It was the first and only time in three games they have trailed after posting two straight wire-to-wire victories against Miami and Dallas. ... Clippers forward  Blake Griffin , who scored 19, was held to just six rebounds, his second-lowest output of the season. He game into the game sixth in the league, averaging 11 boards per game. ... The Grizzlies, currently in fifth place in the Western Conference standings, moved to within a half game of the fourth place Clippers. Monday's game was their last home game against a Western Conference team ranked higher than them in the standings. ... The Grizzlies are normally the team that forces its opponents into turnovers that lead to easy baskets. But this time the Clippers beat them at their own game. The Grizzlies committed 20 turnovers that led to 29 points for L.A. ...  Chris Paul  led the Clippers with a game-high 21 points to go with six assists. ... Memphis forward  Zach Randolph  had his third straight double-double off the bench with 10 points and 12 rebounds. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Wednesday at Oklahoma City, Thursday at Minnesota, Saturday vs. Golden State. For the Grizzlies, Wednesday vs. Phoenix, Thursday at San Antonio, Saturday vs. Utah.  