  Raptors-Knicks notebook   By Mike Coppinger, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday April 5, 2011 11:10PM THE FACTS:  The New York Knicks defeated the Toronto Raptors 131-118 before 19,763 at Madison Square Garden on Tuesday, pulling to just a half-game behind the Philadelphia 76ers for the sixth seed. QUOTABLE:  "It's something we want to do. I don't know if it's important to do, I don't even know if it's something we'll realize until we look back on it. ... Let's keep doing what we got, it's not the end of the world either way. It should be a fun game to play because it does have some importance."   -- Knicks coach  Mike D'Antoni  of over-taking the Sixers for the No. 6 playoff seed. THE STAT:  The Knicks opened up the game with a 14-0 lead, stretching the margin to as much as 29 at one point. The Raptors cut it to as little as 10 late in the game, but the early margin was too much to overcome. TURNING POINT:  D'Antoni decided to give guard  Toney Douglas  major burn, and the move paid dividends, with the Florida State product going for 28 points on 10-of-15 shooting, 6-of-9 from 3-point range. HOT:  Raptors guard  DeMar DeRozan  scored 36 points, grabbed 10 rebounds and dished three assists in the losing effort. NOT : Starting Knicks center  Jared Jeffries  scored just two points with one rebound. INSIDE THE ARENA:  In between the first and second quarters, a season ticket holder who recently renewed his tickets for next season was selected to take part in the "Knicks Renewal Challenge". Maurice was the lucky fan selected, and made the most of it, hitting a free throw to net himself $10,000. GOOD MOVE:  With the Knicks holding a commanding lead in the fourth quarter, D'Antoni rested  Chauncey Billups  and  Carmelo Anthony  for the majority of the stanza. ROOKIE WATCH:  Raptors forward  Ed Davis  posted a double-double off the bench, scoring 22 points to go along with 13 rebounds (seven offensive). NOTABLE:  The Knicks tied their season high in points, scoring 131. They defeated the Utah Jazz  131-109 on March 7. UP NEXT:  For the Raptors, Wednesday vs. Cavs, Friday @ Philadelphia, Sunday vs. Nets. For the Knicks, Wednesday @ Philadelphia, Friday @ New Jersey, Sunday @ Indiana.  