  Notebook: Cavaliers 98, Pacers 87 Posted Thursday February 16, 2012 12:27AM By Brian Dulik, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Rookie point guard  Kyrie Irving  collected game highs of 22 points and five assists in his return from a concussion, leading the Cleveland Cavaliers to a 98-87 victory over the Indiana Pacers. Center  Semih Erden  scored a career-best 18 points with eight rebounds for the Cavaliers, who never trailed in the home triumph. Point guard  Darren Collison  had 18 points and center  Roy Hibbert  added 17 for the Pacers, who lost their season-high fifth straight contest. Indiana played without small forward  Danny Granger , who was a late scratch with a sprained left ankle. QUOTABLE:  "Just because I had a concussion, my game wasn't going to change. I was still going to be aggressive and attack the basket. But I did kind of limit myself from going in the paint for rebounds, quite honestly, because I didn't want to go in there with all the tall trees."   -- Irving THE STAT:  Pacers small forward  Dahntay Jones  started in Granger's spot, but only made 1-of-8 field goal attempts and scored three points in 37 minutes. Jones also was victimized by Cavaliers counterpart  Omri Casspi , who had 10 points and a season-high nine rebounds. "I don't think (the way we're playing) has anything to do with injuries, it's just a matter of us being able to focus," Collison said. Indiana coach  Frank Vogel  said Granger was "a possibility" to play Thursday at home against New Jersey. TURNING POINT:  Erden and Casspi accounted for the Cavaliers' first seven points, showing no fear in going right at Hibbert and Jones. Irving also asserted himself with 12 points in the opening quarter as the Cavaliers sprinted out to a 32-20 lead. "Because they had a four-game losing streak, we tried to get on them early and jump on them from the start," Cleveland point guard  Ramon Sessions  said. The Cavaliers would take three 21-point leads in the second quarter before coasting home with the double-digit triumph. QUOTABLE II:  "I feel great. I'm happy because this was one of the first (big) games for me. It's not easy. I tried to do my job, and I did. I want to keep working hard, and just want to be a good teammate."   -- Cavaliers' Erden HOT:  Top overall draft pick Irving was 8-of-12 from the field and tied his NBA high with three 3-pointers. He had sat out the Cavaliers' three previous contests after being accidentally kneed in the head by Heat shooting guard  Dwayne Wade  on Feb 7 in Miami. ... Erden made 7-of-8 shots, all in the paint and most coming off pick-and-rolls. "Getting Semih going definitely was a conscious decision for us tonight," Irving said. ... Sessions was perfect on five field goal attempts, including two 3-pointers, and one free throw. ... Pacers point guard  A.J. Price  had 11 points, two assists and no turnovers in 21 minutes off the bench. NOT:  Pacers power forward  David West  and Jones combined to go 2-of-18 from the floor in the first half, while shooting guard  Paul George  started and did not score until 1:10 was left in the third quarter. ... Hibbert only grabbed one defensive rebound in 33 minutes. "I know he is a good player and he's an All-Star, but I just tried to play hard and hustle," Erden said. ... Indiana had two assists in the first half. ...  Tyler Hansbrough  was held without a basket and committed five fouls in 20 minutes. ... Cavaliers power forward  Antawn Jamison  missed all six of his 3-pointers, while swingman  Alonzo Gee  was 0-of-4 beyond the arc. QUOTABLE III:  "Give credit to Cleveland for playing a better game than we did tonight. Kyrie Irving was terrific. We didn't guard the three well enough, and we didn't execute well enough offensively to get the win."   -- Pacers coach  Frank Vogel GOOD MOVE:  Though the Cavaliers signed NBA D-League guard  Ben Uzoh  after Irving was injured, coach  Byron Scott  said before the game they were considering keeping the second-year pro around longer than his current 10-day contract. In the third quarter against Indiana, shooting guard  Daniel Gibson  suffered a sprained left ankle when he landed on George's foot while attempting a 3-pointer -- immediately moving Uzoh back up one spot on Cleveland's depth chart. BAD MOVE:  In a humorous coincidence, the Pacers and Heat both spent Tuesday night in the same downtown Cleveland hotel. Miami defeated Indiana 105-90 at Bankers Life Fieldhouse, then both teams boarded a plane to Ohio for their next game. "If you don't play well, you've got to stay with that team," Vogel quipped. "No, actually, we had no idea until we got there." The Heat are off until Friday, when it plays the Cavaliers at Quicken Loans Arena. NOTABLE:  West finished strong to record his fifth double-double of the season with 10 points and a game-high 10 rebounds. ... Indiana only had 10 players in uniform as it played the second contest of a three-games-in-three-nights set. ... Power forward  Lou Amundson  contributed half of the Pacers' six blocked shots. ... The Cavaliers are 2-2 on their ongoing nine-game homestand, which equals the third-longest run in NBA history. ... Cleveland took an 82-81 lead in the all-time series. UP NEXT:  For the Pacers, Thursday vs. New Jersey, Sunday vs. Charlotte, Tuesday vs. New Orleans. For the Cavaliers, Friday vs. Miami, Sunday vs. Sacramento, Tuesday vs. Detroit.  