  Notebook: Nets 99, Pistons 96   By Jake Appleman, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday February 1, 2012 11:16PM THE FACTS:  Despite dressing only eight players, the Nets withstood a strong push from the Pistons in a 99-96 win.  Deron Williams  (26 points, nine assists) made shooting jumpers look easy in a dominant performance.  Jordan Farmar  pitched in 15 points and  Kris Humphries  (18 points, eight rebounds) led an undermanned Nets frontcourt.  Tayshaun Prince  and  Greg Monroe  popped in 21 apiece for the Pistons. QUOTABLE:  "I told them that they were the great eight tonight, and that's the only way that you can look at it."    -- Nets coach  Avery Johnson THE STAT:  Of the 16 teams that have participated in back-to-back-to-back games, only the Pistons have lost all three games. TURNING POINT:  Despite a superb second half, Prince wasn't able to tie the game at 98 on a midrange turnaround jumper with time running out. QUOTEABLE II:  "I was just taking what the defense was giving me today. The sets that we ran, a lot of them were for me to come off of pin-downs and my jumper felt good--15-18 foot range--so I was taking advantage of that."    -- Deron Williams QUOTEABLE III:  "It's hard to do layups before the game with eight people. You get tired, because it's just like you're going around and around."    -- Deron Williams INSIDE THE ARENA:  One of the few fans in attendance called  Jordan Williams  "Aubrey" when he was shooting free throws, a reference to rapper  Drake , who looks a little bit like Williams. ROOKIE WATCH:  For the Nets,  MarShon Brooks  (broken toe, right foot) did not play, but Jordan Williams (a career-high nine points and eight rebounds) was the opportunistic benefactor of a few lucky bounces and contributed important minutes in the most important game of his career. For the Pistons,  Brandon Knight  (15 points, four assists) combined blazing speed with too many missed 3-pointers, while D-League call-up and New Jersey native  Walker Russell Jr.  (12 points, six rebounds) made noteworthy contributions as the team's backup point guard. NOTABLE:  Only three Nets that dressed for the game don't have the word Jordan or Williams in their name. Those Nets:  Keith Bogans  (making his team debut),  Sundiata Gaines  and Humphries. An exclusive Jordan/Williams lineup did not see court time, although all four Williams men were on the court together midway through the third quarter...  Shelden Williams , or "The Landlord" as he's known in Newark, scored the Nets' first two baskets on putbacks... Prince scored 10 points on 5-for-6 shooting in the third quarter... Out of a timeout, Bogans sliced to the rim and made a layup while being fouled to put the Nets up 98-92 with a little over a minute remaining in the game. They were his first points with the team...Deron Williams is now 11-0 against the Pistons for his career...The Pistons will come back a week from today and the teams will also play in Detroit on Feb. 10. UP NEXT:  For the Pistons, Friday vs. Milwaukee, Saturday vs. New Orleans, Wednesday @ New Jersey. For the Nets, Friday vs. Minnesota, Saturday @ New York, Monday vs. Chicago.  