  Notebook: Jazz 94, Grizzlies 85   By Andrew Aragon, for NBA.com Posted Saturday January 7, 2012 1:15AM THE FACTS:  The Utah Jazz remained perfect at home as Al Jefferson had 20 points and nine rebounds in a 94-85 victory over the Memphis Grizzlies on Friday night. The Jazz got an outstanding effort from their bench.  Josh Howard , who had 13 points and three rebounds, outscored Memphis' reserves all by himself. Utah improved to 4-0 at home. Marc Gasol  and  Tony Allen  led Memphis, scoring 21 points apiece. Allen's total was a season-high. QUOTABLE:  "We have to have all the guys on the team ready to come in and compete. If you get minutes on the floor, be ready to play."  --  Jazz head coach  Tyrone Corbin  on the play of his bench against the Grizzlies. THE STAT:  Utah's bench thoroughly outclassed Memphis' reserves, outscoring them 41-11. Each player that came off the bench for Utah scored. Howard led the way for Utah's bench, and  Earl Watson  had a season-high 11 points and a team-high five assists and four rebounds. TURNING POINT:  A 9-0 run by the Jazz in the fourth quarter put them in control.  Paul Millsap  made two baskets during the spurt that gave Utah a 78-68 lead with 6:17 remaining. Memphis missed four straight shots and committed two turnovers during the Jazz's run. The Grizzlies quickly cut Utah's 10-point lead in half, but a dunk by Jazz forward  Gordon Hayward  on a drive past Gasol was the final nail in Memphis' coffin. QUOTABLE II:  "I was frustrated. It seemed like every time I drive in there I try to create some contact, (and) there's no call. I just decided I'm going to dunk this. I still didn't get a call, but I got two points so ..."  --  Jazz forward Hayward on his dunk over Gasol that put Utah up, 80-73. On the Jazz's previous possession, Hayward drove to the basket, initiated contact and missed from about 5 feet. There was no foul call on the play. HOT:  Millsap continued his hot shooting, going 7-for-9, and finishing with 14 points and eight rebounds. In Utah's last two games, Millsap has shot 13-for-16. Watson made his first five shots. Allen, who averaged eight points per game prior to Friday, lit the Jazz up on 6-for-9 shooting to attain his season-high in points. NOT:  The Grizzlies missed 13 of their first 16 shots in the fourth quarter. Jazz point guard  Devin Harris  missed four of his first five shots. Memphis'  O.J. Mayo  had a rough night, shooting 3-for-12 while scoring seven points. He fouled out with 2.4 seconds remaining. GOOD MOVE:  Jefferson was in foul trouble in the fourth quarter and eventually fouled out with 42.5 seconds left in the game. But he stayed aggressive, and he forced Gasol into a bad shot with 2:05 remaining. Utah held on to an 84-76 lead with Gasol's miss. BAD MOVE:  Early in the fourth quarter, Allen drew an offensive foul on Hayward when it appeared that Hayward elbowed him in the face while trying to create space. It was a good basketball play by Allen, who then ruined the moment with some pro wrestling-style acting and theatrics. He fell to the ground like he had been hit in the face by  Alistair Overeem , and was booed by the crowd when replays showed there was minimal contact between he and Hayward. ROOKIE WATCH:  Jazz rookie  Alec Burks  had a productive night. He had seven points and three rebounds in 15 minutes. In the second quarter, he scored on back-to-back possessions. He started the fourth quarter, and played a little more than half the period. Utah's  Enes Kanter , the third overall pick in the 2011 NBA draft, had two points and three rebounds in nine minutes. NOTABLE:  Utah has defeated Memphis nine straight times at home, and is 26-6 against the Grizzlies in EnergySolutions Arena. The Jazz, who entered Friday's game leading the NBA in blocks per game at 7.5, blocked 10 more against the Grizzlies. Gasol had 11 rebounds. He has had at least 10 rebounds in five of Memphis' last six games. UP NEXT:  For the Grizzlies, Sunday @ L.A. Lakers, Tuesday vs. Thunder, Thursday vs. Knicks. For the Jazz, Saturday @ Golden State, Tuesday vs. Cavaliers, Wednesday vs. Lakers.  