
 Celtics-Bucks notebook   By Brian Robb, for NBA.com Posted Thursday November 4, 2010 12:19AM THE FACTS:   Paul Pierce  became the 37th player in NBA history to score 20,000 points, while carrying the Boston Celtics to a hard fought 105-102 overtime victory over a feisty Milwaukee Bucks squad.  Ray Allen  provided additional offense for the winners with 23 points, while  Rajon Rondo  continued his sensational start to the year with 15 assists.  Andrew Bogut  led six Bucks players in double figures with 21 points, to go along with 13 rebounds in the defeat. QUOTABLE:  "Five years ago, I never would have dreamed I would have been scoring my 20,000th point in a Celtics jersey"   - Pierce THE STAT:  Pierce outscored the Bucks all by himself in overtime. By tallying 12 of Boston's 14 points in the extra five minutes, he gave the C's enough offense in the frame to hold on for the three point win. TURNING POINT:  Trailing 99-97 with thirty seconds remaining in overtime, Bucks forward  Carlos Delfino  made an ill-advised pass that Pierce stole, forcing Milwaukee to foul Boston's captain and send him to the charity stripe. Pierce sunk both free throws, making it a two possession game, a deficit the Bucks were unable to recover from. QUOTABLE II:  "We were better. We're still not where we need to be, but we were better so we'll see. Hopefully we'll look at it as a positive step forward and carry it over to the next game.   - Bucks head coach  Scott Skiles HOT:  Rondo continued his torrid start to the season, filling up the box score once again with 17 points, eight rebounds and 15 assists in 47 minutes of action. The point guard is averaging 16.4 assists this year. NOT:  After an impressive opening frame, Milwaukee guard  John Salmons  continued with his shooting woes, missing his final six shots to finish with 30 percent shooting on the night, in just 24 minutes of action. Through five games, the Bucks swingman is shooting just 27 percent from the field. GOOD MOVE:  Leading by three in the final seconds of overtime, the Celtics elected to foul  Brandon Jennings  at midcourt. By forcing him to take two free throws, the Celtics denied the Bucks a good look at a three-point attempt, eliminating the Bucks' chances to tie the game in closing seconds of overtime. NOTABLE:  Pierce became the third player in Celtics history to reach 20,000 points, joining Hall of Famers  Larry Bird  and  John Havilcek  with that distinction. Milwaukee is winless in three games on the road this season. UP NEXT:  For the Bucks, Friday vs. Indiana, Saturday @ New Orleans, Tuesday @ New York. For the Celtics, Friday vs. Chicago, Sunday @ Oklahoma City, Monday @ Dallas. 
