Notebook: Bucks 117, Pistons 90 
 
 
 Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Jan 29, 2013 11:34 PM - Updated Tue Jan 29, 2013 11:34 PM 
 
 THE FACTS: Brandon Jennings  poured in 30 points, including a personal 16-0 run in the third quarter, as the Milwaukee Bucks crushed the Detroit Pistons 117-90 at The Palace of Auburn Hills on Tuesday.  Mike Dunleavy  had 17 points for the Bucks, who won for the fifth time in six games and moved five games over .500 for the first time this season. Rookie  Andre Drummond  led the Pistons with 18 points and a career-high 18 rebounds.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "He really has the ability to get into a rhythm, into a zone, and he can do it quick by making a couple of shots. Then everything's just falling. You can't get caught up in it as a teammate but it's always fun to watch." 
 
 -- Dunleavy on Jennings' third-quarter flurry 
 
 
 THE STAT:  110.8. The Bucks have been on a scoring barrage lately, averaging 110.8 points over their last five games while going 4-1 in that stretch. While Jennings was the standout, they received major contributions from their bench on Tuesday. That group combined for 59 points, including double figures from Dunleavy,  Samuel Dalembert  (12) and  John Henson  (11). 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Led by their bench, the Bucks finished the second quarter on a 21-4 run to grab a 52-42 halftime lead. Dunleavy scored six points during that stretch, as did  Ekpe Udoh , who had three putbacks. Dalembert ended the half with a tip-in in the last second off a missed  Larry Sanders  free throw. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "You always want that heat check to see if it's really for real. After that airball, I was like 'Alright, I'm going to chill out a little bit now.'" 
 
 -- Jennings on missing badly on a 3-point attempt late in the third after making his first five from long range during the quarter 
 
 
 HOT:  Jennings scored 18 of his 20 points in a win over Golden State on Saturday during the third quarter. He got hot right after halftime again, pouring in 20 third-quarter points to turn the game into a laugher. Jennings made four consecutive 3-pointers during his 16-0 run to stretch Milwaukee's lead to 29, 85-56. Jennings, who averaged just 12 points in two losses to Detroit earlier this season, added four of his six assists during the quarter.  
 
 NOT:  Detroit's bench outside of Drummond was thoroughly outplayed by Milwaukee's reserves. That group shot 25 percent (7-for-28) and committed seven turnovers. It was primarily responsible for the Bucks' 33-14 second-quarter advantage. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Bucks coach  Jim Boylan  cancelled the morning shootaround, figuring the Bucks needed extra rest to prepare for four games in five nights. After a slow start, that strategy paid off as Milwaukee equaled its season high in points on 46.9 percent shooting. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  The Pistons' big men did a poor job of blocking out in the second quarter, allowing 13 second-chance points. That gave the Bucks a confidence boost which they carried into the second half. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Drummond became the first teenager other than  Dwight Howard  to have at least 18 points and 18 rebounds in a game since 1985. ... Sanders, the league's top shot blocker, was held to one block in 16 minutes. ... Milwaukee's other 117-point game came during a four-point victory over New Orleans on Nov. 17. ... Boylan is 8-3 since taking over for  Scott Skiles  as head coach earlier this month. ...  Brad Keselowski , last year's NASCAR Sprint Cup champion, was honored at halftime. He grew up in nearby Rochester Hills. .... Monroe was averaging 20.3 points and 11.3 rebounds in his last six games against the Bucks. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Bucks, Wednesday vs. Chicago, Friday @ New York, Saturday vs. Orlando. For the Pistons, Wednesday @ Indiana, Friday vs. Cleveland, Sunday vs. L.A. Lakers. 
