  Pistons-Warriors notebook   By Eric Gilmore, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday November 16, 2010 2:04AM THE FACTS:  After building a 32-point first-half lead, the Golden State Warriors withstood a furious rally by the Detroit Pistons and held on for a 101-97 victory Monday night at Oracle Arena. Guard  Monta Ellis  led the Warriors with 27 points, 21 coming in the first half, while guard Stephen Curry had 21.  Charlie Villanueva  led the Pistons with 18 points off the bench, and  Tayshaun Prince  scored 15. QUOTABLE:  "We're in the entertainment business, so we're going to make sure our fans get their money's worth, but it puts the coaches, ownership and the general manager in the hospital."  --  Warriors coach  Keith Smart  after watching his team's 32-point first-half lead dwindle to just two late in the fourth quarter THE STAT:  Warriors starting guards Ellis and Curry outscored Pistons starting guards  Richard Hamilton  and  Rodney Stuckey  48-24. In the Pistons' 102-97 home win over the Warriors on Nov. 7, Hamilton and Stuckey combined for 48 points to 34 for Ellis and Curry. TURNING POINT:  Fueled by Ellis' 21-point first-quarter, the Warriors built a 34-21 lead, which expanded to 65-33 with 1:56 left in the first half. The Warriors needed almost every point of that cushion against a Pistons team that made a valiant comeback while playing the final game on a four-game West Coast road trip, to escape. INSIDE THE ARENA:  New Warriors owners  Joe Lacob  and  Peter Guber , whose purchase of the team was approved Friday by the NBA's Board of Governors, addressed the crowd at Oracle Arena between the first and second quarters and received a standing ovation. "You are the best fans in the NBA," Lacob told them. "Peter and I just want to thank all of you for the opportunity to be able to run this franchise going forward. It is an honor and a privilege." HOT:  Villanueva scored a team-high 18 points for the Pistons, shooting 5-for-10 from the field and 2-for-4 from 3-point range. Eleven of his points came in the fourth quarter. He's scored in double figures in six of the past seven games. NOT:  Warriors forward  Vladimir Radmanovic  got the start as Smart juggled his lineup for the third straight game since  David Lee  suffered a lacerated left elbow that became infected and required surgery. In the first half Radmanovic didn't score a point or grab a rebound in 7:06 of playing time. He finished with four points and two rebounds. NOTABLE:  One day after not playing a single minute against Sacramento, Pistons forward  Austin Daye  was back in the starting lineup and  Jason Maxiell  back on the bench. Daye made four of his first five shots and finished with 14 points. ... Curry fouled out, and Ellis spent most of the fourth quarter on the bench with five fouls. He played just 2:32 in the quarter. ... Pistons guard  Ben Gordon  scored 11 points in the fourth quarter off the bench. ...The Warriors are 5-0 at home, their best start at home since going 6-0 in the 1990-91 season. ... The Pistons finished their road trip 2-2. UP NEXT:  For the Warriors, Friday vs. New York, Sunday at Lakers, Monday vs. Denver. For Pistons, Wednesday vs. Lakers, Sunday vs. Washington, Tuesday at Dallas.  