  Jazz-Nuggets notebook   By Michael Kelly, for NBA.com Posted Saturday February 5, 2011 2:12AM THE FACTS:   Al Jefferson  had 28 points and 10 rebounds,  Deron Williams  scored 26 as the Utah Jazz beat the Denver Nuggets 113-106 on Friday night.  Carmelo Anthony  had a game-high 31 for the Nuggets, who have lost three of four. QUOTABLE:  "It's not surprising. That's who he is. He's able to score for us, he defends, he does a little bit of everything. We're not as good without him, I think everybody knows that."    -- Utah coach  Jerry Sloan , on Williams' return to the lineup after missing four games with a strained tendon in his right wrist. THE STAT:  The Utah bench outscored Denver's 33-16. All six of the Jazz reserves got on the scoreboard, led by  C.J. Miles ' 13. TURNING POINT:  The Jazz led 107-104 when  Arron Afflalo  missed a 3-pointer with 1:11 left. On the ensuing possession Jefferson hit a layup and free throw to push the lead to 110-104 with 51.2 seconds left. HOT:  Williams showed little rust or problem with his injured right wrist. He had 16 of his 26 points in the first half and finished with 12 assists. NOT:  Utah rookie  Gordon Hayward  and reserve center  Kyrylo Fesenko  combined for eight fouls in 12 minutes through the first three quarters. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Jefferson has put up four straight double-doubles and is averaging 21.2 points and 11.8 rebounds in that span. GOOD MOVE:  The Nuggets put the ball in Anthony's hands to start the second half and he produced. Going against Hayward he scored nine points in the first three-plus minutes of the third quarter as Denver took a four-point lead. BAD MOVE:  Denver's  J.R. Smith  committed a Flagrant-2 foul on  Raja Bell  with 6:45 left and the Nuggets down 94-89. He was ejected and the Jazz turned it into a four-point play. QUOTABLE II:  "You could see it was intentional. No one wants to fight on the basketball court. You lose too much money doing that, but you've got to have your teammate's back. I know J.R., I like J.R., but you can't push my teammate out there."    -- Deron Williams, on Smith's Flagrant 2. ROOKIE WATCH:  Utah's  Jeremy Evans  made the most of his limited minutes in the first half. He had a putback slam early in the second quarter, and later in the period he went high to block a layup by  Nene  to keep the Jazz ahead by three. NOTABLE:  Denver center Nene, who was passed over for a spot on the Western Conference All-Star team, tied his career high with 28 points. UP NEXT:  For the Jazz, Saturday vs. Oklahoma City, Monday @ Sacramento, Wednesday vs. Chicago. For the Nuggets, Saturday @ Minnesota, Monday vs. Houston, Tuesday @ Golden State.  