  Notebook: Hornets 102, Warriors 87 Posted Thursday March 29, 2012 2:03AM By Geoff Lepper, for NBA.com THE FACTS: Marco Belinelli  paid back his original NBA team with a season-high-tying 22 points, six assists and three steals as the New Orleans Hornets beat the Golden State Warriors 102-87 Wednesday. Carl Landry , taking advantage of a rare start for the injury-plagued Hornets, put up 20 points and eight rebounds.  Jarrett Jack  had 20 points and nine assists for New Orleans, who only turned the ball over nine times to Golden State's 16. Belinelli, a first-round pick of the Warriors in 2007, had eight points in the fourth quarter to keep the hosts at bay. David Lee  led Golden State with 28 points, seven rebounds and five assists. QUOTABLE:  "When you get drafted into this league, there are certain things you sign up for. Obviously, you get the perks, the money, the traveling. But you have a job to do for 82 games -- obviously it's 66 this time. Don't sell yourself short. Don't sell the organization short. The city, the fans, they come out and support us every night, and we've got to pay them back by playing each and every game (hard), regardless of if you're in playoff contention or not."   -- Jack, on how the Hornets focus without a playoff berth as motivation THE STAT:  New Orleans ranked No. 2 in 3-point shooting defense coming into Wednesday, holding opponents to 31.1 percent. In beating the Hornets last week, Golden State ripped them for 14 treys on 48.3 percent shooting beyond the arc. Wednesday, New Orleans kept those numbers to 10 3-pointers and 35.7 percent -- and the Hornets went 7-for-11 themselves from deep. TURNING POINT:  The Warriors defense broke down on all fronts in the second quarter, as the Hornets poured home uncontested shots to go 12-for-15 (80 percent) and outscore Golden State, 30-16. GOOD MOVE:  New Orleans coach  Monty Williams  would rather use Landry off the bench, but the absences to  Chris Kaman  (illness),  Gustavo Ayon  (in New Orleans for the birth of his child) and  Emeka Okafor  (sore left knee) forced him to start Landry alongside  Jason Smith  -- himself returning from a two-game suspension for delivering a hard foul to Blake Griffin -- at the 4 and 5 spots. The move worked spectacularly against the short-handed Warriors front line. In addition to Landry's numbers, Smith put up 12 points on 6-for-7 shooting, with six boards. HOT: Chris Paul  no longer mans the point for New Orleans, but Jack and  Greivis Vasquez  combined for Paul-like success, gutting the Warriors' defense time and again. The pair combined for 16 points and nine assists while committing no turnovers in the first half, when the Hornets shot 63.2 percent and opened a 57-40 lead. QUOTABLE II:  "They beat us really bad and we responded pretty well. We came back here and got a great win. ... Wins like this are going to keep us motivated. The future's going to be bright for us."   -- Vasquez NOT: Nate Robinson , coming back from a two-game absence due to a right hamstring problem, started at the point for Golden State and simply wasn't effective, going 0-for-6 from the floor and clocking a minus-13 on the plus/minus scale in 23 minutes. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Boobirds were out for much of the evening, as the Warriors failed to impress against a banged-up Hornets team. Fans even got a "We want Monta!" chant going in the fourth quarter, referring to the Warriors' five-player deal with Milwaukee earlier this month, which sent  Monta Ellis  to the Bucks as the principal piece in exchange for injured center  Andrew Bogut . ROOKIE WATCH: Klay Thompson  had 13 points for the Warriors, but struggled defensively and committed five turnovers. NOTABLE:  Rookie Warriors point guard  Charles Jenkins , a key cog in the continued absence of Stephen Curry, suffered his own right ankle injury Wednesday. He came off limping with 2:57 left in the third quarter and went to the locker room shortly thereafter. Although he returned to the bench, he did not play again, even as the game entered its empty-the-bench phase. ... This is the 11th time in 13 New Orleans wins that the opponent didn't break 90 points. ... The Warriors have dropped three straight. UP NEXT:  For the Warriors, Friday vs. New Jersey, Sunday @ L.A. Lakers, Tuesday @ Memphis. For the Hornets, Thursday @ Portland, Saturday @ L.A. Lakers, Sunday @ Phoenix.  