Notebook: Heat 105, Magic 93 
 
 
 Zachary Paul, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Apr 17, 2013 11:36 PM - Updated Fri Apr 19, 2013 11:20 AM 
 
 THE FACTS : The Miami Heat had somewhat already turned the attention to the Milwaukee Bucks.  
 Now, the Heat can officially focus solely on the postseason. Miami ended the regular season by defeating the Orlando Magic 105-93 Wednesday at AmericanAirlines Arena. The Heat finished with a franchise-record 66 wins.  
 Miami closed on a positive despite playing without forward  LeBron James , who was away from the team to tend to a "personal matter." He is expected to rejoin the team Thursday.  
 Guard  Dwyane Wade  was the lone member of the Heat's Big Three to play. He scored a team-high 21 points while center  Chris Bosh  sat out the regular-season finale. Wade was one of five Heat players to score in double-figures. Included in the bunch was 19-year veteran center  Juwan Howard , who made his second start of the year. Howard finished with 12 points in 17 minutes.  
 
 Nikola Vucevic  led the Magic with 20 points and 13 rebounds.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "The guys in the locker room should be very proud. They came in with that type of mentality after success. It wasn't a season to come in and rest on laurels and live in the past but to focus on this opportunity. This is a great opportunity ... Our guys want to make the most of it."   --  Heat coach  Erik Spoelstra  said of the 66-win season.  
 
 
 THE STAT:   The Heat shot 12 of 29 from 3-point range. Mike Miller made 6 of 9 from the arc.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Magic threatened to make a game of it by pulling to within 74-71 with 2:50 remaining in the third quarter. The Heat responded by the scoring the game's next seven points, including a breakaway dunk by  Chris Andersen .  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I am proud of the resolve that our team had throughout the season. There was a lot of adversity and a lot of guys who had things thrown at them. They continued to do things the right way and kept pulling for each other.   --  Magic coach  Jacque Vaughn  said of the season ending.     
 
 
 HOT:  Wade got a chance to work off any rust that may have built when he missed so many games late in the season. Wade was an efficient 9 of 15 from the field while also handing out 10 assists. It was a good indicator he will enter the playoffs at full strength.  
 
 NOT:  The Magic free throw numbers looked like  Dwight Howard  was still in the lineup. Orlando shot just 11 of 25 from the line in its final game of the season.  
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Heat center Howard, 40, made his second start of the season. It was his first start in two years. It was his first double-digit scoring game since April 13, 2011.  
 
 BAD MOVE:  Wade initially said he was only going to play limited minutes, but was on the court most of the third quarter. He made it through without injury, but still a risky move this late in the season.   
 
 NOTABLE: Mario Chalmers  and James were inactive for the Heat. Center  Chris Bosh  was on the sideline but did not play ... The Heat improved to 37-4 at home ... With the loss and the Bobcats' victory, the Magic clinched the league's worst record ... The Heat are just the 13th team in league history to win 66 games. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Sunday vs. Bucks.  
