Notebook: Magic 102, Nuggets 89 
 
 
 Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Nov 02, 2012 11:27 PM - Updated Fri Nov 02, 2012 11:27 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:   Glen Davis  had 29 points and 10 rebounds and  J.J. Redick  scored 15 points in the first half to help the Orlando Magic open their post- Dwight Howard  era with a 102-89 victory over the Denver Nuggets. 
 Redick, who finished with 21 points, sparked a 12-0 run in the first quarter that put the Magic ahead to stay. They led by as many as 23 points early in the second half. 
 Magic players awarded  Jacque Vaughn  the game ball after his first game as an NBA head coach. 
 
 Danilo Gallinari  led Denver with 23 points, but the Nuggets shot 38 percent, as they had in a season-opening loss at Philadelphia. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "There's been a lot of change around here, and the expectations haven't been too high for us to get off to this type of start."
-- Magic guard  Arron Afflalo . 
 
 THE STAT:  The Magic had a 60-36 edge in points in the paint. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Magic's one-time 23-point lead was down to 10 at the start of the fourth quarter when  E'Twaun Moore  came up with a backcourt steal and drove for a layup, opening an 8-2 run that put Orlando back in command. 
 
 HOT:  Davis made 13-of-25 shots, many of them killing Denver rallies. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "It's one game, but it's a game to let everybody know that I'm here to seize the moment. I'm here to step in the gap." 
 -- Magic forward  Glen Davis . 
 
 NOT:  Orlando's starting backcourt of Afflalo   and  Jameer Nelson  shot a combined 5-for-22. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Redick replaced  Hedo Turkoglu  just 4:02 into the game and scored 10 points in the quarter. Vaughn explained that he made the move to keep Turkoglu available for late in the game, but Turkoglu left in the third quarter with a broken left hand. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  At a time when the Nuggets were trying to claw back into the game late in the third quarter, Gallinari stepped into the lane too early, giving  Josh McRoberts  an extra free throw, which he made. 
 
 IN THE ARENA:  University of North Carolina coach  Roy Williams  showed up to watch the head-coaching debut of Vaughn, who played for Williams at Kansas from 1993-97. "He'll forever be my coach," said a grateful Vaughn. "I'll call him coach until the end of time." 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "Expectations are high; we are not there yet, but we can get there. We just need to stay confident because you can lose your confidence if you start off real bad."
-- Nuggets guard  Andre Iguodala . 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:   Andrew Nicholson , Orlando's first-round draft choice, scored his first NBA basket on a fourth-quarter put-back. 
 
 NOTABLE:   Turkoglu's broken left hand could move Afflalo up to small forward and Redick into the starting lineup. It could also mean more minutes for rookies  Maurice Harkness  and  DeQuan Jones , neither of whom played in the opener because of injuries . . . Denver coach  George Karl  replaced  Kenneth Faried  with  Wilson Chandler  at the start of the second half in an attempt to get the Nuggets running. The move had limited success. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Nuggets: Saturday @ Miami; Tuesday vs. Detroit; Wednesday @ Houston. For the Magic: Sunday vs. Phoenix; Tuesday @ Chicago;  Wednesday @ Minnesota. 
