Notebook: Hornets 88, Jazz 86 
 
 
 Bradley Handwerger, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Nov 02, 2012 11:43 PM - Updated Fri Nov 02, 2012 11:43 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:  Guard  Greivis Vasquez  scored on a soft layup with one second to play, giving the New Orleans Hornets an 88-86 win over the Utah Jazz on Friday night. 
 Vasquez finished with 13 points, 10 assists and four rebounds in guiding the Hornets, who were without  Anthony Davis  for much of the game. Davis left in the second quarter with concussion-like symptoms and didn't return. 
 Utah's  Paul Millsap  matched a 3-pointer by New Orleans'  Ryan Anderson  with 7.1 seconds to play, tying the game at 86. Hornets coach  Monty Williams  called a timeout, drew up a play and told Vasquez to make the big shot for him. 
 Vasquez did and the Hornets held off the Jazz (1-1). 
 Anderson and  Robin Lopez  both finished with 19 points for New Orleans (1-1), which outscored the Jazz in the paint 56-36. For Utah,  Randy Foye  led with 20 points on 4 of 7 shooting from 3-point range, while  Mo Williams  had 16 points. 
 
 QUOTABLE:   "They've got to be ready. That's what we do here. Just like this city -- you get hit and lose somebody, somebody else in your family steps up and provides what you need."
 -- Hornets coach Williams, answering a question about players stepping up in Davis' absence. 
 
 THE STAT:  56-36 -- In spite of the Hornets losing Davis, New Orleans was able to dominate the paint thanks to Lopez' presence on the inside and Anderson's on the outside. Lopez grabbed seven boards and proved to be a menace on defense, keeping Utah's  Al Jefferson  and Millsap to 10 points and 11, respectively. Meanwhile, Anderson went 5 of 9 from 3-point range, forcing the Jazz to pay attention to him, opening up room on the inside for New Orleans' offense to work. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  New Orleans' final timeout came with 7.1 seconds to go and the game tied at 86. It also proved to be the biggest stoppage of the clock all night. Williams used the 20 seconds to draw up the play for Vasquez, calling for a misdirection play that opened up the right side of the floor for the point guard to penetrate.  
 
 HOT:  Utah's Foye had only five points at halftime. But in the second half, he went 6 of 10, including 3-of-5 from 3-point range. Foye scored 15 points in the final 24 minutes and kept the Jazz in the game when New Orleans threatened to lengthen its lead. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We were trying to switch everything and (Greivis Vasquez) just turned around and hit a tough shot."
 -- Utah's  Gordon Heyward  on New Orleans' game-winning basket. 
 
 NOTABLE:   Vasquez picked up his first double-double of the season with the 13-point, 10-assist night. ... Vasquez now has 23 assists in the first two games for New Orleans. ... The Jazz's  Marvin Williams  was the only Utah starter not to score in double figures. He finished with five points in nearly 29 minutes. ... The Jazz attempted only 12 free throws after making 31 two nights earlier in their season opener. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Hornets, Saturday @ Chicago, Wednesday vs. Philadelphia, Friday vs. Charlotte. For the Jazz, Saturday @ San Antonio, Monday @ Memphis, Wednesday vs. Los Angeles Lakers. 
