  Notebook: Nuggets 110, Hornets 97 Posted Saturday March 10, 2012 12:46AM By Michael Kelly, for NBA.com THE FACTS:   Arron Afflalo  scored 28 points,  Al Harrington  had 20 points and 10 rebounds off the bench and the Denver Nuggets avenged an earlier home loss to New Orleans with a 110-97 win over the Hornets on Friday. Ty Lawson  had 11 points and 10 assists for Denver, which has won five of six since the All-Star break. Rookie  Lance Thomas  led New Orleans with 18 points -- 12 from the foul line -- and  Jarrett Jack  had 17 points. The Hornets have dropped four straight and six of their last seven. QUOTABLE:  "I'm just starting to get locked in. We're trying to move up the standings a little bit and I'm trying to get my personal game where I would like it to be within the flow of our team concept."    -- Arron Afflalo. THE STAT:  The Nuggets had 33 assists on 41 made baskets. At one point in the game they had 22 on 24 made baskets. TURNING POINT:  The Nuggets led the entire second half but New Orleans was hanging around early in the fourth quarter. With the score 81-74, Harrington hit a long 3-pointer,  Corey Brewer  sank two free throws and  Andre Miller  had a layup and a tip-in to help Denver extend the lead to 95-78 midway through the fourth. QUOTABLE II:  "It's been a long season for some of our guys, but for the first time I saw that look on a few guys faces where they were just like, 'Not again.' You can't give into that. You've got to be able to withstand that and play this game we're blessed to play."    -- Hornets coach  Monty Williams . HOT:  Thomas was playing on a pair of 10-day contracts until the team signed him for the remainder of the season 12 days ago. Pressed into action due to injuries, he responded with a career-high in points and minutes played. NOT:  Nuggets forward  Danilo Gallinari  is still finding his way back from injury. He missed his first six shots before finished 3-for-10 for nine points. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Former Nuggets great  David Thompson  presented the game ball before tipoff. GOOD MOVE:  The Nuggets attacked the paint with drives and on the glass. They had 21 second-chance points on 11 offensive rebounds and outscored the Hornets 62-32 in the paint. QUOTABLE III:  "That's what we've been doing, especially with [ Kosta ]  Koufas  and [ Timofey ]  Mozgov , we were outrebounding everybody. That's what we're going to keep doing."    -- Al Harrington, on Denver's inside game. BAD MOVE:  New Orleans has been forced to use unproven guys with the injuries mounting. They couldn't find the right combination on the front line to stop Denver's penetration. ROOKIE WATCH:  The Hornets signed  Jeff Foote  to a 10-day contract Friday morning and wasted no time in getting him some court time. The Cornell alum played 23 minutes and scored four points and had four rebounds in his the first NBA action of his career. NOTABLE:  New Orleans rookie  Gustavo Ayon  returned to the lineup after missing one game with a sore left foot. ...  Chris Andersen  had three blocked shots. ... The Nuggets wore throwback uniforms to celebrate their membership in the ABA and early days in the NBA. UP NEXT:  For the Hornets, Saturday @ Minnesota, Monday vs. Charlotte, Wednesday vs. L.A. Lakers. For the Nuggets, Sunday vs. Memphis, Tuesday vs. Atlanta, Thursday vs. Oklahoma City.  