
 Jazz-Wolves notebook   By Phil Miller, for NBA.com Posted Saturday March 12, 2011 12:06AM THE FACTS:   Michael Beasley  scored 24 points,  Kevin Love  added 23 and the Minnesota Timberwolves rode a 29-6 third-quarter scoring spree to win a game in their own division for the first time almost 15 months, 122-101 over the fading Utah Jazz. Minnesota won back-to-back games for just the fourth time this season and snapped a 20-game losing streak against Midwest Division foes that dated back to Dec. 14, 2009, while dropping the Jazz, who were led by rookie  Gordon Hayward's  18 points, to just 3-9 under new coach  Tyrone Corbin . QUOTABLE:  "If we play like this, I think we'll win the rest of our games by 20 points."   --  Wolves center  Darko Milicic , on the Wolves' second straight 20-point victory THE STAT:  25 -- Points the Jazz were outscored by when center  Al Jefferson  was on the floor. The former Timberwolf was badly outplayed by ex-teammate Darko Milicic, who outscored him 14-9. TURNING POINT:  Utah closed Minnesota's 19-point second-quarter lead to just two, 68-66, early in the second half. But the Wolves scored on nine of their next 11 possessions, while the Jazz missed five of six free throws in that span, turned the ball over three times, and let the game get away on a 20-5 Minnesota run. QUOTABLE II:  "Minnesota played like they were the ones fighting for the playoff spot tonight. We didn't."   --  Jazz forward Al Jefferson HOT:  The Timberwolves came out almost flawless at the opening tip, making their first nine shots from the field and shooting 75 percent from the field in the first quarter. By the time the game was barely 14 minutes old, Minnesota had burned Utah's lifeless defense for 46 points, a 158-point pace. NOT:   Anthony Randolph  didn't get into the game until less than seven minutes remained, but he took five shots -- and missed them all -- before he had played four minutes. He finally scored when a loose ball fell into his hands under the basket with 1:19 to play, and finished 1-for-6 with no other statistics. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  The Kevin Love watch continues to energize Target Center fans. Once Love, who has reached double figures in scoring and rebounding for 53 straight games, eclipsed 10 points, fans began counting each rebound. No. 10 came on  Earl Watson's  missed three-pointer with 31.9 seconds remaining in the third quarter, earning a loud standing ovation that turned into a roar when Love trotted down the floor and calmly nailed a three-pointer. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Minnesota Vikings head coach  Leslie Frazier  received a loud ovation when he was introduced to the crowd... Attendance in Target Center was 18,534 for  Jonny Flynn  bobblehead night, the Wolves second-largest crowd of the season. ROOKIE WATCH:  It was a bad night for the Jazz, but a good night for their rookies, all three of whom set new career highs in scoring. Gordon Hayward, scoreless in two of his last three games, made six of his eight shots and went 5-for-5 from behind the 3-point line, finishing with 18 points.  Jeremy Evans , pushed into the starting lineup when  Paul Millsap  was unable to play due to tendonitis in his left knee, made six of seven shots, including three resounding dunks, to rack up 14 points. And  Marcus Cousin , playing just his second game after being called up from the NBDL, hit two of three shots for four points. NOTABLE:   Andrei Kirilenko  returned to the Jazz lineup after missing Wednesday's game in Toronto with back spasms...Love missed practice Thursday with a bruised left knee, but felt well enough to play on Friday...The Wolves, winners of two straight, have yet to win three games in a row this year...Utah is 3-9 since coach  Jerry Sloan  resigned, 3-6 since trading guard  Deron Williams , and 1-2 on this four-game road trip...The Jazz's streak of seven straight games with 50 or more points in the paint came to an end when they were outscored 52-36 inside by Minnesota...Jazz point guard  Devin Harris  was whistled for a technical foul for claiming he was fouled late in the first quarter. Harris continued to protest until referee  Scott Foster  loudly warned him, "One more word and you're gone." UP NEXT:  For the Jazz, Saturday @ Chicago, Monday vs. Philadelphia, Wednesday vs. Minnesota. For the Timberwolves, Sunday @ Golden State, Wednesday @ Utah, Friday @ Lakers. 
