  Bobcats-Magic notebook   By Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com Posted Sunday February 27, 2011 10:29PM THE FACTS:  The Orlando Magic never trailed in a 100-86 victory over the Charlotte Bobcats.  Stephen Jackson  scored a game-high 35 points for the Bobcats, who never made a serious run in the second half. Dwight Howard , ending off a streak of four straight 30-plus scoring games, had 20 points and 10 rebounds for the Magic, who had five players in double figures.  Gilbert Arenas  scored 16 points, his most in a game since Dec. 28. QUOTABLE:  "It was almost a night off for Dwight. All the fans were a little disappointed because he had a bad game. He only had 20 and 10 . . . He's raised the bar so high now that 20 and 10 in 33 minutes is sort of ho-hum. Nobody's going to kill him for it, but nobody's going to get excited and say what great game he had."  --  Magic coach  Stan Van Gundy . THE STAT:  Gilbert Arenas hit four 3-point shots for the Magic, more than he had made in the preceding 12 games. Arenas had missed 18 straight 3-pointers and shot 3-for-38 in those 12 games. QUOTABLE II:  "Everybody goes through slumps. Gilbert stayed aggressive and that's all you can really ask of him. Tonight he got it going and it was fun to see."   -- Magic guard  J.J. Redick. TURNING POINT:   Jason Richardson  nailed a 3-ponter for the Magic just 37 seconds into the game. The Bobcats never caught up. HOT:  Jackson made 13-of-22 shots including 3-of-5 3-pointers. NOT:  Nobody except Jackson scored more than 11 points for the Bobcats, and the rest of the team shot 33 points. QUOTABLE III:  "We were starting to build something beautiful there, but at the end of the day it is a business. I was definitely hurt about it."   -- Stephen Jackson on the trade of  Gerald Wallace  to Portland. IN THE ARENA:  Two familiar faces were shown repeatedly on the scoreboard, those of Bobcats majority owner  Michael Jordan  and  Larry the Cable Guy , who lives in nearby Sanford. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  In the absence of the traded Gerald Wallace, Jackson could be in for several more big scoring nights for Charlotte. NOTABLE:  In spite of his 35 points, the Bobcats were minus-13 with Jackson on the floor . . . Including a sweep in the playoffs last spring, the Magic have won 13 of their last 14 against Charlotte . . . The Magic will play New York, Miami and Chicago in a four-day period starting Tuesday. UP NEXT:  For the Bobcats, Wednesday @ Denver, Friday @ L.A. Lakers, Saturday @ Portland. For the Magic, Tuesday vs. New York, Thursday @ Miami, Friday vs. Chicago.  