  Spurs-Jazz notebook   By Andrew Aragon, for NBA.com Posted Thursday January 27, 2011 1:55AM THE FACTS: Manu Ginobili  scored 26 points and  Tony Parker  had 23 points and six assists as the San Antonio Spurs defeated the Utah Jazz 112-105 on Wednesday night. The Spurs, who won for the 10th time in their last 11 games, had six players score in double figures.  Richard Jefferson  had 14 points and five rebounds. For the Jazz,  Deron Williams  had a monster game with 39 points and nine assists. QUOTABLE:  "The game went our way for a while and we got a big lead and they showed a lot of class coming back and getting into it. It was a scrappy game from beginning to end. Luckily we had enough of a lead to hang in there."   -- Spurs coach  Gregg Popovich  on his team's ability to hold off the Jazz after going up by 17 points in the second quarter. THE STAT:  11. The Jazz were sloppy while digging a big hole against the Spurs, committing 11 first-half turnovers. San Antonio scored 17 points off of them and led by nine at halftime. TURNING POINT:  The Spurs took control of the game early with a 17-0 run in the second quarter to go up, 46-29. Rookie  Gary Neal  was clutch during the spurt, scoring 10 points. The Jazz made a few runs at the Spurs in the second half, but the huge deficit against the team with the league's best record was too much to overcome. QUOTABLE II:  "At least I thought our guys played harder than they had been. We made some great plays to hang in there, but we let them get what they wanted. We couldn't stop them.   --Jazz coach  Jerry Sloan  his team's improved effort but inability to stop the Spurs when they needed to     HOT:  The Spurs shot 55.9 percent in the first three quarters. Their best quarter was the second when they shot 12-for-19.  Al Jefferson  shot 10-for-15 and scored 22 points for the Jazz. NOT:  The Jazz are not hot. They've lost six straight games. They had a brutal second quarter stretch where they didn't score and committed four turnovers in a four-minute span. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Ginobili continued to show he's a must-start for fantasy owners. In addition to his 26 points, he had seven assists, six rebounds and two steals. He was 8-for-9 from the free-throw line. He scored (18.6 entering Wednesday's game), rebounded (3.8) and assisted (4.9) more than his averages. GOOD MOVE:  Popovich's timing with calling timeouts was impeccable. The best one came after Williams scored on an alley-oop layup to make it 93-86 with 8:33 left in the game. Popovich then called a timeout, San Antonio scored when play resumed, and the Spurs recorded three straight stops to stifle Utah's momentum. BAD MOVE:  The Jazz had the game's momentum on their side late in the third quarter as they put together an 11-0 run. But a bad foul by guard Earl Watson -- about 80 feet from the basket -- put Ginobili at the free-throw line with 5.1 seconds left in the third. Ginobili sank both foul shots to make it 88-78. ROOKIE WATCH:  Neal, a Towson product, gave San Antonio a lift off the bench with 13 points and two assists.  Jeremy Evans  did the same for the Jazz, scoring seven points with a couple of dunks in nine minutes. Utah's  Gordon Hayward , who started two games ago against the 76ers, played just 34 seconds. NOTABLE:  The Spurs improved to 32-1 when leading after the third quarter. Utah's six-game losing streak is a season-high. Williams' 39 points were a season-high. UP NEXT:  For the Spurs, Saturday vs. Rockets, Tuesday @ Portland, Thursday @ L.A. Lakers. For the Jazz, Friday vs. Timberwolves, Sunday @ Golden State, Monday vs. Bobcats.  