  Notebook: Celtics 100, Raptors 64   By Brian Robb, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday February 1, 2012 11:46PM THE FACTS: Paul Pierce  finished with a game-high 17 points as the Boston Celtics blew out the Toronto Raptors 100-64 at the TD Garden for their second straight win. The C's captain keyed a balanced and unselfish scoring attack by the entire roster, as five players finished in double figures during the dominating performance.  Brandon Bass  and  Ray Allen  also chipped in with 12 points, as Boston did not trail the entire contest, while finishing with season-high totals in assists (30) and first-half points (57).  Jerryd Bayless  had a team-high 14 points for the Raptors off the bench, as Toronto dropped to 1-9 overall when playing without leading scorer  Andrea Bargnani . Boston has now won six of its last seven games overall and is above .500 for just the second time this season. QUOTABLE:  "It's about time. We've gone through a lot; so has everyone else in the league. To start out slow like we did and get over that number -- it's good for us. We've just got to keep doing it."   --  Doc Rivers  on getting back above .500 THE STAT:  The Celtics are currently the top 3-point shooting team in the league and displayed that touch well in the first half against the Raptors. Five different players hit from beyond the arc for the Green as the team shot a scintillating 63.6 percent from downtown (7-of-11) over the opening 24 minutes. TURNING POINT:  After a back-and-forth opening few minutes, Boston kicked its offense into gear midway through the first quarter, with a commanding 12-0 run. Bass keyed the outburst with six points, pushing the host's early lead to 16 points. Toronto was unable to dig out of the early hole over the remainder of the evening. QUOTABLE II:  "You take it, you learn from it, and you build from it. You never want to feel that again because when teams in this league have an opportunity to step on your neck, they will do it. That's what Boston did, and that's what veterans teams are going to do."   --  Dwane Casey  on what the team takes out of the loss HOT:  Allen -- The shooting guard continues to pad his league lead in 3-point shooting percentage. The 36-year-old was 2-for-3 from downtown against the Raptors, pulling his percentage up to 56.4 percent on the young season. NOT: DeMar DeRozan  -- The athletic swingman has struggled to find his offensive rhythm when Bargnani is absent from the lineup. The small forward failed to hit a field goal in the second half and missed three free throws against the C's to finish with eight points, six below his season average of 14.4. Over the past four games while playing without the Raptors' top scorer, he's only hitting 35 percent of his shot attempts, as opposing defenses are able to key on denying his offense. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Pierce -- The career Celtic continues to dazzle in his role of point forward with  Rajon Rondo  sidelined. The All-Star finished with yet another well-rounded scoring line of 17 points, eight assists, six rebounds and just one turnover. Over the team's recent 6-1 stretch, Pierce has posted sensational averages of 22.6 points, 6.4 rebounds and 7.7 assists. QUOTABLE III:  "We really gained some confidence over the last few weeks and hopefully we're just going to continue to get better. It's just about putting together consistency with this ballclub"   -- Pierce ROOKIE WATCH: JaJuan Johnson  -- With the game comfortably in hand for the Celtics by the start of the fourth quarter, the former Purdue star made the most of his extended floor time. Johnson went a perfect 5-for-5 from the field to finish with a career-high 11 points in just 10 minutes of action. NOTABLE: Linas Kleiza  was a late scratch for Toronto with a sore right knee. He remains day-to-day. ... Rondo sat out his eighth straight game for Boston with a sore wrist. Rivers said before the game he is getting close to returning and could play against New York on Friday. ...  Keyon Dooling  (hip) also was sidelined for Boston. ...  Toronto shot just 44.4 percent from the free-throw line. ... Boston is now up 2-0 in the season series against its Atlantic Division rivals. ... The Celtics had just 10 turnovers, their second-lowest total of the season. ... 100 points tied a season-high at home for Boston as well. ... Pierce is just 60 points from tying  Larry Bird  for second place for most points in Celtics history. UP NEXT:  For the Raptors, Friday vs. Washington, Sunday @ Miami, Monday @ Washington. For the Celtics, Friday vs. New York, Sunday vs. Memphis, Tuesday vs. Charlotte.  