  Kings-Nuggets notebook   By Michael Kelly, for NBA.com Posted Thursday March 31, 2011 12:43AM THE FACTS: Ty Lawson  scored 20 points,  J.R. Smith  and  Danilo Gallinari  had 17 each as the Denver Nuggets shook off a sluggish start to beat the Sacramento Kings 104-90 on Wednesday night. QUOTABLE:  "Sometimes that can be a good thing if you're struggling. But we weren't struggling, so it made us sluggish. We can't complain about that now because we have no days off."   --  Nuggets guard  Raymond Felton , on the team's five-day layoff before Wednesday. THE STAT:  Lawson scored an efficient 20 points. He took only nine shots and hit all five of his free throws. In contrast teammate  Al Harrington  needed 19 shots to score 15 points. TURNING POINT:  The Nuggets turned up their defense in the fourth.  Chris Andersen  and Smith took charges, and  Wilson Chandler's  block of  Samuel Dalembert  led to a fastbreak dunk for Gallinari that gave Denver an 84-79 lead with 5:28 left. HOT: Marcus Thornton  continued his strong play since coming to the Kings in a trade with New Orleans. The second-year player had 16 of his 27 points in the first half and hit five 3-pointers. NOT:  Denver rookie  Gary Forbes  was getting playing time in the absence of  Arron Afflalo  but as the season winds down Nuggets coach  George Karl  is relying on his veterans and using Forbes sparingly. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Since missing 19 games with plantar fasciitis in his left foot, Sacramento guard  Tyreke Evans  has been playing well. He nearly had a triple-double Tuesday and Wednesday he had 22 points and seven assists off the bench. GOOD MOVE:  Smith drove to the basket more than he stepped back behind the 3-point line. He turned in one of his better games, scoring 17 points and grabbing five rebounds to go with four assists. BAD MOVE:  With a chance to give the Kings a 78-77 lead,  Omri Casspi  missed two free throws and the Nuggets went on a 16-6 run to ice the game. QUOTABLE II:  "They started making plays. We kind of ran out of gas."   --  Thornton. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Denver Broncos Hall of Fame quarterback -- and current team executive --  John Elway  was in the stands signing autographs. ROOKIE WATCH: DeMarcus Cousins  couldn't take advantage down low when Denver's best post defender,  Kenyon Martin , left the game with the flu. He finished with 11 points and four rebounds. NOTABLE:  The Nuggets have won 10 straight at home and are 13-4 since the blockbuster trade brought Chandler, Felton and Gallinari to Denver. UP NEXT:  For the Kings, Friday vs. Denver, Sunday vs. Utah, Tuesday @ Houston. For the Nuggets, Friday @ Sacramento, Sunday @ L.A. Lakers, Tuesday vs. Oklahoma City.  