
 Rockets-Bobcats notebook   By Bill Kiser, for NBA.com Posted Saturday November 27, 2010 12:13AM THE FACTS:  Gerald Wallace had 21 points and 14 rebounds and  Boris Diaw  added 20 points and 10 boards as the Charlotte Bobcats rallied in the second half to beat the Houston Rockets 99-89 on Friday night at Time Warner Cable Arena in Charlotte. Chase Budinger scored a season-best 19 points off the bench for the Rockets. QUOTABLE:  "I don't think we guarded great in the first half. The fact that they get it up so quickly puts you back on your heels. Our offense was so good in the second half that we kept them from running.For the most part, we kept them out of transition in the second half and then our defense got set and played better."  --  Bobcats head coach  Larry Brown  on his team's second half turnaround THE STAT:  Bobcats center  Nazr Mohammed  scored 15 points and pulled down seven rebounds in making his first start since Nov. 23 at New York. He hit 6 of 9 from the field and 3 of 4 from the line to record his seventh double-figure game of the season. TURNING POINT:  With the Rockets leading 52-45 at the halftime break, the Bobcats opened the third quarter with a 15-2 run to take the lead for good. Stephen Jackson hit a hook shot with 9:25 left to give Charlotte its first lead, and Mohammed capped the run with a pair of free throws to put the Bobcats up 60-54 with 6:59 left. QUOTABLE II:  "They just jumped on us, We talked about that during halftime. ... They came out and scored eight straight points, and that set the tone for the rest of the game."  -- Rockets head coach  Rick Adelman TURNING POINT II : The Rockets managed to cut the Bobcats lead down to two points eight times in the second half, the last at 82-80 with 5 minutes remaining, but Charlotte responded with a 13-2 run to take its biggest lead of the game and snap a two-game losing streak. HOT:  Diaw hit 9 of 14 from the field -- including 2 of 3 on 3-pointers-- and recorded his first double-double of the season for the Bobcats. He also had two assists. NOT:  Rockets forward  Shane Battier  was held to two points on 1 for 9 shooting, including a 0-for-6 effort from 3-point range. He also had three rebounds, five assists and two blocked shots in 25 minutes. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Wallace recorded his fifth double-double of the season despite having his problems shooting. He hit just 6 of 21 from the field -- including 2 of 7 on 3-pointers -- but made up for that with 7 of 8 from the free throw line. He also had four assists, three steals and two blocked shots. ROOKIE WATCH:  Rockets guard  Ishmael Smith  scored two points and had two assists in a little over nine minutes. He was 1 of 2 from the field, hitting a driving layup with 7:56 left in the fourth quarter, but also turned the ball over three times. NOTABLE:  Brown is now nine wins shy of passing  Lenny Wilkens  for second place on the NBA's career coaching victories list, and 12 short of moving into the No. 1 spot ahead of  Don Nelson . Brown now has 1,324 wins to 1,332 for Wilkens and 1,335 for Nelson. ... The Rockets hold an 8-5 lifetime edge over the Bobcats, but have now lost two of the last three meetings. ... Jackson, who entered Friday's game as the league leader in 3-pointers made with 41, hit just 1 of 3 attempts....  Shaun Livingston  scored 10 points off the bench for the Bobcats, the third time in the last five games he's finished in double figures.... Charlotte guard  D.J. Augustin  tied his career high with 11 assists Friday. ... Budinger also had a season-best eight rebounds for the Rockets. UP NEXT:  For the Rockets, Sunday vs. Oklahoma City, Monday @ Dallas, Wednesday vs. L.A. Lakers. For the Bobcats, Saturday @ Milwaukee, Wednesday @ New Orleans, Friday vs. New Jersey. 
