  Nuggets-Nets Notebook   By Jake Appleman, for NBA.com Posted Monday January 31, 2011 10:55PM THE FACTS:  In an old-fashioned ABA shootout, the Nets brought the gunslinger's delight, downing the Nuggets 115-97. Only three Nets shot below fifty percent for the game and none of those players took more than four shots. The subject of nonstop trade rumors,  Carmelo Anthony  (37 points, 9 rebounds, 12-22 from the floor) equipped himself well in defeat. QUOTABLE:  "That was interesting."   -  Anthony , on seeing images of the Brooklyn arena showcased next to the wall in the hallway near the locker rooms THE STAT:  Sharing is caring, and  Devin Harris  handed out 18 assists. TURNING POINT:  "Hip Hop Hooray" played after Harris connected with  Kris Humphries  on an alley-oop. This was followed by a Nuggets turnover and another alley-oop?from Harris to  Brook Lopez  (27 points)?to put the Nets up 63-46. QUOTABLE II:  "Fortunately, we had three thirty point quarters. And that's pretty good for us."   - Nets coach  Avery Johnson,  on his team's offensive prowess FANTASY SPOTLIGHT : Dubbed the "closer" by Avery Johnson,  Anthony Morrow  (18 points, 6-6 from the field, 4-4 from three, 2-3 from the line) almost pitched a perfect offensive game. Johnson downplayed the metaphor after the game, instead choosing to praise the team. INSIDE THE ARENA:  The Nets warmed up to  Jay-Z's  "Already Home" and "Roc Boys" as the pregame clock wound down..."Welcome to Newark," Nets public relations maven  Gary Sussman  said when introducing former Net  Kenyon Martin ...Anthony received mostly boos from a sparse crowd, which serenaded him whenever he touched the ball early on...The NETSational Seniors Dance team performed to  Drake's  "Oh You Fancy Huh"...Yankees ace  C.C. Sabathia  sat courtside...Fans shouted out "The Machine!" when  Sasha Vujacic  shot free throws in the second quarter... Gabourey Sidibe  sat courtside...There was a noticeable number of Denver Nuggets?and Carmelo Anthony?jerseys among the fans in attendance...Coming out of a timeout with the score 102-93,  Ozzy Osbourne's  "Crazy Train" blared over the loudspeakers...With 2:23 remaining on the clock, the Nets dancers performed a jig to Jay-Z's "On to the Next One." ROOKIE WATCH:   Derrick Favors  (6 points, 6 rebounds) had a quiet night. NOTABLE:  Martin started out hot, hitting a banker off the window and stealing the ball from Favors, which resulted in a clear path foul and two free throws. Martin split the pair and Denver retained possession. Martin then hit a sweeping hook to make it Kenyon 5, Nets 2... Travis Outlaw  (21 points) started the game 4-4, as the Nets jumped out to a 16-7 lead...Anthony went to spinning moves a lot in the first frame... Martin goal-tended a Morrow shot into the basket to give the Nets a 59-43 lead late in the second quarter. UP NEXT:  For the Nuggets, Wednesday vs. Portland, Friday vs. Utah, Saturday @ Minnesota. For the Nets, Wednesday vs. Philadelphia, Friday @ Detroit, Sunday vs. Indiana.  