Notebook: Jazz 117, Lakers 110 
 
 
 Dan Arritt, For NBA.com 
 
Posted Mon Dec 10, 2012 1:13 AM - Updated Mon Dec 10, 2012 1:13 AM 
 
 THE FACTS : If the offense for the Lakers was expected to resemble a Ferrari once  Mike D'Antoni  took over as coach four weeks ago, then the Jazz have morphed into a jet airplane. Two nights after scoring 131 points in a win against the Raptors, Utah unleashed another offensive bonanza Sunday night against the Lakers, getting double-digit points from six players in a 117-110 victory at Staples Center. 
 
 QUOTABLE :  "The guys have been doing a great job of just coming back and learning every night and getting better every night we step out there on the floor."   
 --Jazz coach  Tyrone Corbin 
 
 
 THE STAT : Lakers guard  Kobe Bryant  continues to lead the league in scoring, and he put up another 34 points against the Jazz (12-10), but that hasn't translated into victories. The Lakers (9-12) are 1-9 when Bryant scores 30 points or more, and 8-3 in the remaining games. 
 
 TURNING POINT : The Lakers trailed by three after  Jodie Meeks  sank a 3-pointer with 10:33 remaining in the fourth quarter. But  Gordon Hayward  answered with a 3-pointer on Utah's next possession, sparking a 7-0 run in which the Lakers missed three field-goal attempts and committed three turnovers. The lead swelled to 15 with 5:35 remaining before the Lakers made a late push to get within five with possession of the ball. However, Bryant missed a 3-pointer with 35 seconds remaining and the Lakers let 19 seconds run off the shot clock before intentionally fouling  Mo Williams . He made both free throws to push the lead back to seven. 
 
 HOT :  Utah center  Enes Kanter  made his first career start in the 32-point victory Friday night against the Raptors, and the second-year player went out and matched his career high with 18 points. With veteran  Al Jefferson  back in the starting lineup after sitting out Friday's win with back spasms, Kanter was relegated back to reserve duty. His confidence seemed to carry over, however, as he finished with 14 points on 6-for-8 shooting, including six in the decisive fourth quarter.  
 
 NOT :  Even before  Pau Gasol  went down with tendinitis in his knees earlier in the week,  Antawn Jamison  was set to take over as the starting power forward for the Lakers. Now it's Jamison who looks to be on the verge of losing his starting role. He was replaced midway through the first quarter by  Jordan Hill  and did not start the second half, ultimately finishing with three points on 1-for-6 shooting. Hill, meanwhile, scored a career-high 17 points and grabbed nine rebounds. With Gasol close to returning, it will be interesting who D'Antoni pencils into the starting lineup come Tuesday in Cleveland.  
 
 GOOD MOVE : While the Lakers kept Bryant on the floor for the entire second half and  Dwight Howard  for all but 77 seconds, the Jazz were able to rest their starters for the first half of the fourth quarter. Utah's Corbin waited until 6:43 remained in the quarter before reinserting Williams, Jefferson and  Paul Millsap.  Their fresh legs helped stamp out the final surge by the Lakers. 
 
 BAD MOVE : Lakers small forward  Metta World Peace  spent Saturday night in Las Vegas at the Manny Pacquiao-Juan Manuel Marquez fight and his lack of energy was evident, particularly on the defensive end of the floor. World Peace did not record a rebound or a steal in 22 minutes and was eventually pulled from the game with 6:44 remaining, not long after he airballed a 3-pointer.  
 
 QUOTABLE II :  "We have too many guys that will take a possession off."  
 -- Mike D'Antoni. 
 
 NOTABLE : Lakers starting point guard  Chris Duhon  finished with 12 points and a season-high 11 assists. ... The Jazz had a 19-4 advantage on fastbreak points and a 54-34 edge in points in the paint. ... Utah reserve forward  Derrick Favors  missed his fifth consecutive game with plantar fasciitis in his right foot. 
 UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Tuesday @ Cleveland, Thursday @ New York, Friday @ Washington. For the Jazz, Wednesday vs. San Antonio, Friday @ Phoenix, Saturday vs. Memphis. 
