  Wizards-Heat notebook   By Shandel Richardson, for NBA.com Posted Monday November 29, 2010 11:48PM THE FACTS:   LeBron James  scored a game-high 30 points and  Dwyane Wade  added 26 as the Heat beat the Wizards, 105-94. Forward  Chris Bosh  also had 20 points and seven rebounds. The Heat held the Wizards to 41 percent shooting, including 3-for-17 on 3-pointers. QUOTABLE:  "The storyline was that we came in with a much better focus of energy and were able to sustain it. There were some ebb and flows of the game. We didn't play sharp all the time offensively but the ball was moving. The most important thing was you could see it in our effort. It was one of our more active games from the beginning to the end."   -- Heat coach  Erik Spoelstra THE STAT:  The Heat attacked the basket often and were rewarded, shooting 42 free throws. Spoelstra said he is still searching for an offensive identity, but one of the things he wanted to see more was James and Wade driving to the basket. They combined to shoot 21 free throws, making 19. TURNING POINT:  The Heat led 52-44 at halftime behind strong performances from Bosh and James, but became a different team once Wade joined the act. He scored 22 second-half points. HOT:  Wade shot just 8-for-17 from the field, but most of his success came in the second half. It was good news for the Heat, considering Wade was 14-for-40 from the field in his last three games. NOT:  Wizards guard  Gilbert Arenas  was 9-for-21 shots, but was only 3-for-10 from 3-point range. Arenas, who finished with 23 points, was never a factor. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  James added six rebounds and five assists to go along with his 30 points. The only downside of his performance was the seven turnovers. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Rapper  Rick Ross  sat courtside behind the Heat bench. GOOD MOVE:  Spoelstra and James had a one-on-one meeting before the game to address the rumors of them having a rocky relationship. Both parties insist there is no rift between them. James said he fully supported Spoelstra. BAD MOVE:  Wizards center  Hilton Armstrong  fouled  Joel Anthony  hard in the third quarter, drawing a technical foul. Then Heat forward  Juwan Howard  pushed Armstrong to the floor after the play. Howard and Armstrong were ejected. ROOKIE WATCH:  Wizards guard  John Wall  missed his second straight game with a bruised knee. Wall has missed six games because of injury this season. NOTABLE:  The victory was No. 100 for Spoelstra. UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Wednesday vs. Detroit, Thursday @ Cleveland, Saturday @ Atlanta. For the Wizards, Wednesday @ Toronto, Friday vs. Portland, Sunday @ Phoenix.  