  Heat-Kings notebook   By Jimmy Spencer, for NBA.com Posted Sunday December 12, 2010 1:30AM THE FACTS:  Heat head coach  Erik Spoelstra  wanted an exclamation point to end his team's successful road trip.  LeBron James  and  Chris Bosh  wrote the sentence, and  Dwayne Wade  provided the grammatical finish. James and Bosh combined for 39 points and Wade had 36 points as Miami cruised past the Sacramento Kings 104-83 on Saturday night to sweep its four-game road trip and win its eighth consecutive game. QUOTABLE:  "We are getting on the same page. It took time, we knew it was going to take time for everyone to understand the concepts of what we do defensively here, how our rotations work. I think we said earlier in the year it would take between 20 to 25 games and we're around that mark."  -- Wade on Miami's strong defense THE STAT : Miami's offensive firepower can't overshadow the recent play of its defense. The Heat haven't allowed a team to score more than 100 points since Nov. 27 at the Dallas Mavericks, the same point the team began its winning streak. In sweeping this four-game road trip, Miami has allowed an average of 85.8 points. TURNING POINT:  The third quarter belonged to Miami's three headliners. The Heat opened the second half on a 19-4 run to stretch a 20-point advantage, as Wade, James and Bosh combined for 26 of Miami's 31 points in the third quarter. HOT:  Wade sliced through the lane and rose over Kings defenders for a loud slam midway through the second quarter, bringing the Heat bench to its feet and giving Miami a 30-29 lead after it had previously trailed by as many as eight points. The dunk sparked an 8-0 Miami run but also established that the night would belong to Wade, who shot 15-for-23, adding six rebounds and six assists. QUOTABLE II:  "D-Wade is one of those guys, and there are only few of us in this league, that when they really get going there is really nothing you can do. He got it going."    -- LeBron James NOT:  Kings guard and reigning NBA Rookie of the Year  Tyreke Evans  has struggled from the field in his second season. Evans shot just 2-for-10 on Saturday night. He entered the game shooting just 39.7 percent from the field this season after hitting at a 45.8 percent clip in his rookie year. INSIDE THE ARENA:  It was a reunion of "The Decision" in Sacramento as Kings sideline announcer  Jim Gray  led the opening round of questions in James' pregame interview with reporters. ... Current Cincinnati Reds Manager  Dusty Baker , a Sacramento native, was in attendance with his son Darren. BAD MOVE:  Kings coach  Paul Westphal  should have made a move to his lineup earlier in the third quarter. The Heat opened the second half on a 20-6 run before Westphal took out any of his starters. The lineup change came with 4:50 remaining in the third quarter and Miami holding a 68-48 lead. In fairness to Westphal, there weren't many defensive options to protect against both James and Wade. ROOKIE WATCH:  The issue for Cousins, as it is for many young big men across the league, is whether or not he can stay out of foul trouble enough to stay on the floor. Cousins picked up two early fouls in the first quarter but maintained just three fouls for the night. Still, he never found a rhythm in the game. Cousins shot just 2-for-11 for six points, six rebounds in 21 minutes. NOTABLE : James picked up a technical late in the third quarter when he made a 3-pointer next to Sacramento's bench, and then turned and taunted the Kings players. The home crowd was pleased with the technical, and followed with a loud round of boos the next time James touched the ball on offense. ... Kings swingman  Omri Casspi , who had 12 points in the first half including 3-for-4 shooting from behind the arc, hit on his very next 3-point attempt upon entering the game in the third quarter. Casspi shot 7-for-13 on the night for 20 points. UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Monday vs. New Orleans, Wednesday vs. Cleveland, Friday @ New York. For the Kings, Tuesday at Houston, Wednesday @ New Orleans, Friday @Oklahoma City.  