Notebook: Spurs 104, Warriors 102 
 
 
 Geoff Lepper, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Dec 20, 2013 2:35 AM - Updated Fri Dec 20, 2013 2:35 AM 
 
 THE FACT:   Patty Mills  has scored 20 or more points six times in his NBA career; four of those games have come against the Warriors. 
 
 THE LEAD: Marco Belinelli  scored a career-high 28 points against his original NBA team as the San Antonio Spurs overcame the absence of stars  Tim Duncan ,  Manu Ginobili  and  Tony Parker  to beat the Golden State Warriors 104-102 Thursday night. 
 
 Tiago Splitter 's tap-in with 2.1 seconds remaining broke the last of five fourth-quarter ties in San Antonio's favor.  Stephen Curry , harried off the inbounds pass by Belinelli and  Kawhi Leonard , sailed his 30-foot hook shot at the buzzer over the backboard. 
 Leonard had 21 points and a season-high 10 rebounds for the short-handed Spurs (21-5), who rested Duncan and Ginobili in the midst of a stretch of seven games in 10 days. Mills delivered 20 points in place of Parker, who missed his second straight game due to a shin contusion. 
 
 David Lee  tallied a game-high 32 points and added 13 rebounds for Golden State (14-13), which was done in by a season-high-tying 24 turnovers and uncharacteristically poor shooting from behind the 3-point arc (25.8 percent). Curry finished with 30 points, 15 assists and four steals. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "It happens a lot in the league, when players are hurt and other players want to prove something. They want to show the coach they should be getting more minutes. The coach doesn't know what the hell he's doing, so to speak, so they come out and play hard."  
 -- Spurs coach  Gregg Popovich 
 
 
 THE STAT:   San Antonio, which was completing a back-to-back set after winning in Phoenix on Wednesday, converted Golden State's turnovers into an astounding 31 points, and had 23 fast-break points -- to just nine for the Warriors, who were coming in fresh from a night off. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Curry drilled a critical 3-pointer after inducing a fly-by from San Antonio's Danny Green to tie the score at 102 with 28.7 seconds left. The Warriors played solid defense on the Spurs' ensuing possession, forcing an off-balance jumper from Belinelli, and it appeared they would have a chance at setting up a game-winning shot of their own -- except Warriors center  Andrew Bogut , who grabbed the miss, lost control as he fell to the floor. Spurs forward  Boris Diaw  scooped up the loose ball and missed a reverse layup, but Splitter was free to knock home a shot that may or may not have been offensive goaltending. 
 
 HOT:  Belinelli, the Warriors' first-round pick in 2007, simply owned the third quarter, delivering 17 points on 6-for-7 shooting -- 3-for-4 behind the arc. Although Golden State finally cooled him off in the fourth quarter with liberal applications of Kent Bazemore, the damage was already done. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "If anything could have gone wrong in the third quarter for [the Warriors], it did, and we were unbelievably fortunate. I'm not being generous, I'm just being truthful. They had wide-open shots that didn't go down. They had turnovers, they had a godawful third quarter and our guys happened to make shots. Belinelli was crazy and Patty Mills was crazy and it was one of those nights for us."  
 -- Gregg Popovich 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  After Lee attacked the rim on the Warriors' first two trips downcourt to open the fourth quarter, Popovich quickly brought back Diaw for a better matchup. Over the final 11:32, the Frenchman provided a difference-making performance, with seven points and a giant block on Curry at the rim on a transition opportunity with less than 2 minutes to go. 
 
 NOT: Klay Thompson 's frightful run continued Thursday with a 6-for-18 performance from the floor (1-for-7 from deep), with a season-worst five turnovers. The Warriors' guard has hit 35.0 percent of his shots in his last five games, 25.8 percent on treys. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "We just can't lose this game. Period."  
 -- Andrew Bogut 
 
 
 QUOTABLE IV:  "We were careless and that gave them life. Twenty-four turnovers and 31 points off of turnovers -- [it's] tough to win ballgames that way That's not what championship-caliber teams do."  
 -- Warriors coach  Mark Jackson 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  Curry took 28 shots and played 40 minutes. It's the ninth time in the Warriors' last 12 games that Curry has hit the 40-minute mark, and with teammates -- most notably Thompson and  Harrison Barnes  (scoreless in 19 minutes Thursday) struggling, he is having to carry a huge load offensively. . . . The Warriors led by a 34-20 count early in the second quarter, but San Antonio closed the first half on a 33-17 run to get back into the game. . . . Golden State has sold out 50 straight games at Oracle Arena, including last season's playoff run. . . . For the first time in NBA history, three of the 10 players who tipped off hailed from Australia; Mills and  Aron Baynes  made their first starts of the season for San Antonio, facing off against Bogut. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Spurs, Saturday vs. Oklahoma City, Monday vs. Toronto, Wednesday vs. Houston. For the Warriors, Saturday vs. L.A. Lakers, Monday @ Denver, Wednesday vs. L.A. Clippers. 
