Notebook: Raptors 96, Wizards 88 
 
 
 Scott Campsall  
 
Posted Fri Nov 22, 2013 10:57 PM - Updated Fri Nov 22, 2013 10:57 PM 
 
 THE FACT : The Raptors have won two straight games in the month of November for the first time since 2010.  
 
 THE LEAD: Rudy Gay  and  DeMar DeRozan  scored 17 points apiece as the Toronto Raptors (6-7) beat the Washington Wizards (4-8) 96-88 at the Air Canada Centre Friday.  
 All five starters scored in double figures for the Raptors.  Amir Johnson  had 14 points;  Jonas Valanciunas  had 11 and a team-high 13 rebounds while  Kyle Lowry  added 12 points and nine assists.  Bradley Beal  and  John Wall  led the way for the Wizards. Beal had 17 and Wall scored a season-high 37.  
 This was a game of runs for both teams. The Raptors jumped out to a 51-38 lead at halftime thanks to a blistering 52 percent shooting from the field. In the third, Wall and the Wizards took over. Wall outscored Toronto 18-15 and the Wizards took a four-point lead into the fourth.  
 In the fourth, Toronto responded, getting a huge lift from their bench. Back-to-back 3s from  Steve Novak  and  Terrence Ross  capped off a 17-3 run, giving the Raptors an 83-73 lead. The Wizards would battle back, closing the cap to three, 83-79, but a pair of clutch baskets down the stretch from Gay would seal the deal for Toronto.  
 The Raptors now hold a half game lead on the Philadelphia 76ers in the Atlantic Division, while the Wizards find themselves in last place in the Southeast. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "The young man had the flu, everybody's booing him and again, if you don't know, you gotta ask somebody. He had the flu and a temperature and he gutted it out... I was trying to get him in, get him out, get him a quick rest, get him out. He struggled a little bit early, but when it was down the stretch, he came through for us." --  Raptors head coach  Dwane Casey  on the play of Gay. 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Raptors bench outscored the Wizards' 13-0 in the fourth quarter and 25-9 in the game.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  Despite a rough third quarter, the Raptors came out firing in the fourth, scoring the first seven points of the period as a part of a 17-3 run that would give them a comfortable 10-point cushion. Although the Wizards would mount a comeback, the Raptors would not relinquish the lead after that point.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We need those. We talk about it all of the time, the stars can only win you a certain amount of games. You need that bench to come in and win you some games. Tonight, they really accomplished that."  --  Raptors guard  Kyle Lowry  on the contributions from Toronto's bench.  
 
 
 HOT:  Wall made 15-of-21 shots to score a season-high 37 for the Wizards. 18 of those points came during a third quarter run in which Washington came back from 13 points down.  
 
 HOT:  Ross made his presence felt in the fourth quarter for the Raptors, scoring seven of his 11 points in the deciding frame.  
 
 NOT:  Gay struggled in the first half of this contest, shooting 2-of-10. He recovered a bit in the second half, making key plays down the stretch but still finished just 6-of-16.  
 
 NOTABLE:  Johnson received a technical foul for hanging on the rim after a spectacular alley-oop dunk at 1:35 of the first quarter... Injured Wizards  Al Harrington  (right knee) and  Trevor Ariza  (right hamstring) sat out Friday's game... Quincy Acy  (ankle) and  Dwight Buycks  (personal) were inactive for the Raptors.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Wizards, Saturday vs. New York, Tuesday vs. Los Angeles Lakers, Wednesday @Milwaukee. For the Raptors, Tuesday vs. Brooklyn, Friday vs. Miami, December 1st vs. Denver.  
