  Lakers-Nuggets notebook   By Michael Kelly, for NBA.com  Posted Saturday January 22, 2011 2:06AM THE FACTS:   Kobe Bryant  had 18 points and five Lakers scored at least 15 points to lead Los Angeles to a 107-97 win over the Denver Nuggets on Friday night.  Carmelo Anthony  led Denver with 23 points. QUOTABLE:  "Ultimately it's my reads on when to attack and when not to attack. I know I can score at any moment or get looks at any moment and in the third quarter I was able to do that."    -- Kobe Bryant on getting his teammates involved in scoring THE STAT:  The Lakers used their size advantage to win the battle on the boards, outrebounding the Nuggets 47-27. TURNING POINT:  Bryant got aggressive in the third quarter, scoring 14 points and dishing out four assists as the Lakers took a 10-point lead into the fourth and never trailed again. HOT:   Pau Gasol  had 19 points and 13 rebounds to record his 24th double-double of the season. NOT:   J.R. Smith  has played well of late but not Friday as he struggled against the Lakers' defense. He finished with five points and no assists. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:   Andrew Bynum  continues to put up solid numbers, and his 17 points and seven rebounds against the Nuggets helped the Lakers win the low-post battle. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Colorado Rockies All-Star shortstop  Troy Tulowitzki  and former American League MVP  Jason Giambi  were sitting courtside Friday night. GOOD MOVE:  The Lakers slacked off  Arron Afflalo  in the first half and he burned them with 16 points and four 3-pointers. They paid attention to him in the second half and he had only six the rest of the way. BAD MOVE:  The Nuggets tried to stay with the Lakers by firing up 3-pointers. It didn't work. QUOTABLE II:  "It was an equal game into the third quarter and we gave up 33 points and that's what opened the game up."    -- Carmelo Anthony NOTABLE:  The Lakers ended a four-game regular season skid in Denver. This was their longest losing streak in the Mile High City since dropping six straight from 1976-79. UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Tuesday vs. Utah, Friday vs. Sacramento, Sunday, Jan. 30 vs. Boston. For the Nuggets, Sunday vs. Indiana, Tuesday @ Washington, Wednesday @ Detroit.  