  Grizzlies-Hornets notebook   By Larry Holder, for NBA.com  Posted Wednesday January 19, 2011 11:55PM THE FACTS:  Guard  Marcus Thornton  scored all of his 17 points off the bench in the fourth quarter and overtime and hit a layup with 6.6 seconds left in overtime to give the New Orleans Hornets a 103-102 win over the Memphis Grizzlies on Wednesday night at the New Orleans Arena. QUOTABLE:  "I'm happy for him. Marcus, he and I have had rough times since I signed. I've been up his tail like you know what. For him, I want him to succeed. Sometimes he thinks I'm his worst enemy. It does me no good if he's not playing well, and I want him to do well. When he has those moments, if he knew how happy I was for him, he'd be surprised. So when he made the basket, I was happy for him. I know you can't draw it up any better than what he had tonight. Close to home (Baton Rouge native and former LSU player), hometown team and to hit the game-winning shot, you can't draw that stuff up. ... I probably lost my composure a little bit. I'll get it back."   -- Hornets coach  Monty Williams  on Marcus Thornton THE STAT:  Zero. It's how many minutes Thornton played in the first half. The Hornets trailed 51-42 at halftime. TURNING POINT:  When Williams inserted Thornton into the game with 5:20 remaining in the third quarter, the Hornets were already in the midst of a scoring run on the Grizzlies. But Thornton's energy aided New Orleans to an 18-1 run as the Hornets took a 67-65 lead with 37.9 seconds left in the third quarter. BAD MOVE:  A couple of no-foul calls by the officials at the end of regulation and in overtime. Hornets forward  Trevor Ariza  clearly fouled Grizzlies guard  Mike Conley  with 0.3 seconds remaining but no foul was called. Then with 14.5 seconds remaining in overtime, Ariza was trying to foul Grizzlies forward  Rudy Gay , who ended with 22 points, before Memphis inbounded the ball. No foul was called and the Hornets came up with a steal that led to the Thornton layup. QUOTABLE II:  "That was our game to win. All we had to do was get it in, and they foul. And if we couldn't get it in, we call timeout. We had two timeouts left, and instead of throwing the ball to the other team, we should have thrown it to our team."   -- Grizzlies coach  Lionel Hollins  on the final seconds in overtime HOT:  Point guards. Conley went 9 of 11 from the floor for 22 points. The Hornets'  Chris Paul  looked sharper than he has in recent games with 20 points and 12 assists. NOTABLE:  Grizzlies guard  Tony Allen  missed his fourth consecutive game with a sore left knee. Hollins said he stills deems Allen, who worked out Wednesday before the game, as day-to-day. ... Grizzlies guard  Xavier Henry  also missed Wednesday's game with a sore right knee. It's the 12th consecutive game Henry missed. ... The Hornets'  David West  and  Emeka Okafor  each finished with double-doubles. West had 19 points and 11 rebounds, while Okafor had 11 points and 11 boards. ... The Grizzlies also had two players with double-doubles as forward  Zach Randolph  had 17 points and 10 rebounds, while center  Marc Gasol  had 12 points and 10 rebounds. ... Wednesday's attendance was 15,951. UP NEXT:  For the Grizzlies, Friday vs. Houston, Saturday @ Milwaukee, Monday @ Toronto. For the Hornets, Friday @ Atlanta, Saturday vs. San Antonio, Monday vs. Oklahoma City.  