Notebook: Jazz 112, Thunder 101 
 
 
 Andrew Aragon, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Jan 08, 2014 1:13 AM - Updated Wed Jan 08, 2014 1:13 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Utah Jazz snapped Oklahoma City's eight-game road winning streak, as well as a four-game losing streak against the Thunder.  
 
 THE LEAD:  Utah Jazz guard  Gordon Hayward  said he simply wanted to bring it against the best. And playing against MVP candidate  Kevin Durant , Hayward certainly brought it on Tuesday night. Hayward scored 37 points on 13-for-16 shooting to lead the Jazz to a stunning 112-101 win over Durant's Thunder.  
 The fourth-year player, in a contract year, scored Utah's final 17 points to help the Jazz hold off a furious Oklahoma City rally in the fourth quarter. Hayward's 3-pointer with 4:14 remaining gave Utah a 102-94 lead and stymied the Thunder's momentum for good. Hayward also had 11 rebounds and seven assists. The Jazz had six players in double figures with Derrick Favors complementing Hayward with 15 points.  
 Durant didn't get much help with both All-Star  Russell Westbrook  and  Serge Ibaka , who's averaging career-highs in points and rebounds, out of the lineup. Durant scored 48 points, which tied his own NBA season-high.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "Yeah, I was in the zone a little bit. It is finally good to be there. It has been a rough season shooting for me."  
 --Jazz guard Gordon Hayward 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Jazz torched the Thunder by shooting 58.8 percent after Oklahoma City hadn't allowed an opponent to shoot 50 percent all season. The Thunder entered the game with the league's second best field-goal percentage defense at 41.7 percent, but was shredded by the hot-shooting Jazz.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Jazz took control of the game with an 11-2 run during the second quarter, and then mostly cruised to the upset victory. Reserves  Enes Kanter  and  Brandon Rush  helped propel Utah to a double-digit lead as Kanter sank a hook shot and a layup, while Rush buried a 3-pointer and a bank shot from 15 feet.  Jeremy Evans  added a couple free throws during the spurt that put the Jazz ahead 43-32. Utah later led by as many as 24 at one juncture. 
 
 HOT:  Hayward, who was shooting just 40.3 percent prior to Tuesday's game, played his best quarter of the season in the fourth. Among his highlights was when he faked  Jeremy Lamb  out of his shoes before stepping back and drilling a 3-pointer. He shot 7-for-8 in the fourth quarter, and would have scored 40 points if he hadn't missed three free throws.  
 
 NOT:  Lamb had a rough night. He missed his first seven shots and was 1-for-8 from 3-point range.  Derek Fisher , who is booed relentlessly whenever he plays in Utah, had five fouls in 21 minutes while shooting 1-for-6 and scoring two points.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "How about Gordon? He was huge. I mean we needed every last basket he made for us. He carried us down the stretch just by making plays."  
 --Jazz coach  Tyrone Corbin  
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  The Jazz knew they were the fresher team as the Thunder were playing their third game in four nights. They were aggressive at the start of the game to test Oklahoma City's energy level, and after hitting some shots and building a lead, kept the pressure on the Thunder  
 
 BAD MOVE:  The Thunder didn't play their style of basketball, especially defensively. They allowed Utah to run its offense and run freely without much resistance. Going from allowing 41.7 percent shooting for the season to giving up 58.8 percent to the league's 26th-best shooting team is kind of mind-boggling.   
 
 NOTABLE:  Ibaka did not play because of flu-like symptoms. It was the first time this season he wasn't in the starting lineup. ...Thunder coach  Scott Brooks  got a technical foul with 10:16 left in the fourth quarter for shouting at the officials after  Reggie Jackson  attempted a free throw. ...The Thunder's eight-game road winning streak was the franchise's longest during the Oklahoma City era. ... Marvin Williams  had 12 points for Utah, while  Richard Jefferson ,  Trey Burke  and Kanter each had 10. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Thunder, Thursday @ Denver, Saturday vs. Bucks, Tuesday @ Memphis. For the Jazz, Friday vs. Cavaliers, Monday vs. Nuggets, Wednesday @ San Antonio. 
