
 Pacers-Hornets notebook   By Bradley Handwerger, for NBA.com Posted Sunday April 3, 2011 10:30PM THE FACTS:  The Hornets rode their starters to a comfortable 108-96 win against Indiana on Sunday, moving one game closer to securing their first postseason berth since the 2008-09 season. Because Houston beat Atlanta on Sunday, the Hornets can clinch the playoffs with a win at home Wednesday against the Rockets. New Orleans' starters combined for 78 of the 108 total points, including 14 points and 17 rebounds from center  Emeka Okafor  and 18 points from  Chris Paul , who had a brief scare when he went to the floor, writhing in pain after banging knees with Indiana's  Jeff Foster .  Danny Granger , a New Orleans native, led Indiana with 15 points in his return to the city. QUOTABLE:  "We talked about having a sense of urgency, playing a bit desperate and playing like it was our last game. We have to play that way every night."   --Hornets coach  Monty Williams  when asked about playing with a greater sense of urgency than the team played with a game earlier. THE STAT:  The Hornets skipped the paint part of the game in the game prior to Sunday's and paid dearly for it. Against Indiana on Sunday, they attacked the paint, scoring 48 of their108 points near the rim and set the tone inside early. TURNING POINT:  With 7:48 to play in the first quarter, New Orleans' Paul drove the lane for a layup. It was the first sign that New Orleans was going to be aggressive and the team took its cue from the All-Star point guard. QUOTABLE II:  "That's what a trade has got to do. A trade has to benefit both teams. I'm definitely happy in my situation. I'm around some guys that are my age and I can grow and build from there. I think we've been playing well together and it's only going to be well for us in the future."   -- Pacers point guard  Darren Collison , when asked about how everyone won in the trade that sent him to Indiana and brought  Trevor Ariza  to New Orleans. HOT:  Hornets forward Ariza is more of a defender than a shooter, but against Indiana, he started the night 5-for-5 and finished with 19 points 8 of 13 from the floor. NOT:  The Pacers came into Sunday's game having allowed 88 points in their most recent context. But they left the defense at home, allowing the Hornets to hit 51.2 percent of their shots, six percent better than they average. BAD MOVE:  Indiana decided it would be better off not double down on Paul, a successful tactic opponents have taken in recent games. Paul went 8-for-13 on the night after going a combined 10-for-33 in the three previous games. NOTABLE:  New Orleans' Paul picked up his 1,000th career steal with 9:30 to play in the third quarter and became the fourth-fastest player in NBA history to hit that mark. ... The Hornets' Okafor picked up a season-high 17 rebounds. ... The Pacers scored 19 points off of 13 New Orleans turnovers...Indiana outscored New Orleans in fast-break points 18-12. UP NEXT:  For the Hornets, Wednesday vs. Houston, Friday vs. Phoenix, Sunday @ Memphis. For the Pacers, Wednesday vs. Washington, Friday vs. Atlanta, Sunday vs. New York. 
