  Nuggets-Clippers notebook   By Dan Arritt, for NBA.com Posted Thursday January 6, 2011 2:21AM THE FACTS:  All five starters scored in double figures and the Los Angeles Clippers played one of their best games of the season in a 106-93 victory Wednesday night against the Denver Nuggets at Staples Center. QUOTABLE:  "That was fun. Everybody contributed and we all came out and said that we won't have the same thing happen from the last two games. We just came out and executed."  -- Clippers center  DeAndre Jordan . THE STAT:  Jordan had one of the best performances of his three-year career, scoring 14 points, matching his career high with 20 rebounds and blocking six shots. Jordan, a 44 percent free-throw shooter, even shot 4-for-6 from the line and threw down one of the best dunks of the NBA season, courtesy of an ally-oop pass from the dunk master himself, rookie  Blake Griffin . TURNING POINT:  The Nuggets were trailing by four points with 8 ½ minutes remaining when Jordan tipped in a miss by  Ike Diogu . Jordan then pulled down a one-handed rebound over Nene on the other end, leading to a 3-point basket by  Eric Gordon . After a 3-pointer by Denver guard  Chauncey Billups , Gordon and  Baron Davis  hit back-to-back 3s for a 12-point lead with 5:54 remaining and the Nuggets couldn't get back within single digits. QUOTABLE II:  "The six blocked shots gets us out in the open court and gets us easy baskets. Not only the blocks, he's also altering shots. That's a huge advantage for us."   -- Clippers coach  Vinny Del Negro  said of Jordan.  HOT:  Jordan has blocked 19 shots in the last three games. Before that stretch, he had 19 blocks in the previous 15. NOT:  Denver forward  Kenyon Martin  went scoreless for the second time since returning from offseason knee surgery Dec. 22.  Al Harrington , in his first game back for the Nuggets since missing the previous four with a dislocated thumb, scored three points on 1-for-7 shooting. He hasn't scored in double digits since Dec.18 against Minnesota. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:   Carmelo Anthony  scored 31 points for Denver to better his season average of 24 points a game, but he needed 26 shots to get there. Gordon, who came in averaging 23.3 points, scored 28 on 9-for-20 shooting. GOOD MOVE:  Del Negro sat Davis the last 4 ½ minutes of the third quarter and the first five minutes of the fourth. The 31-year-old point guard came in fresh for the stretch run and quickly drilled the 3-pointer that gave Los Angeles a 12-point lead. Davis finished with 16 points on 7-for-13 shooting, the fourth game in the last five he has shot at least 50 percent from the floor. BAD MOVE:  Just when the Nuggets were back at full strength for the first time this season after the recent returns of Anthony (sister's death), Martin and Harrington, back-up point guard  Ty Lawson  left in the second quarter with a strained left knee and backup shooting guard  J.R. Smith  limped to the locker room with three minutes remaining. ROOKIE WATCH:  Griffin seldom gets outshined by his teammates this season, but while Jordan was wowing the crowd with his play, Griffin was putting up 22 points, 18 rebounds and seven assists. Griffin extended his double-double streak to 22 games, third-longest in the NBA since the 1991-92 season, and has at least 20 points and 10 rebounds in 11 straight games. NOTABLE:  Seven teams in the Western Conference have at least 20 victories this season and the Clippers have now defeated four of them; San Antonio, New Orleans, Oklahoma City and Denver. They also lost to the Lakers on a buzzer-beater. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Sunday vs. Golden State, Wednesday vs. Miami, Jan. 14 @ Golden State. For the Nuggets, Thursday @ Sacramento, Sunday vs. New Orleans, Tuesday vs. Phoenix.  