  Nuggets-Magic notebook   By Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com Posted Friday March 18, 2011 11:16PM THE FACTS:   Jameer Nelson's  3-pointer at the final horn gave the Orlando Magic an 85-82 victory over the Denver Nuggets. After committing 18 turnovers and missing three free throws in the final 25 seconds, the Magic found themselves in a tie when Denver's  Danilo Gallinari  made two free throws with 6.5 seconds left. Nelson dribbled off most of the remaining time and then launched his 26-foot game-winner over  Ty Lawson . It was an ironic way to end a game in which both teams shot below 38 percent. QUOTABLE:  "Coach ( Stan Van Gundy ) knows I want the ball in my hands at the end of tej game to take the last shot or to make a play. He has confidence in me to do that, and I think that's why he put the ball in my hands tonight."   -- Jameer Nelson. QUOTABLE II:  "I think it was good defense and it was a tough shot. He (Nelson) made it."   -- Nuggets forward  Wilson Chandler . THE STAT:  The Nuggets are the highest-scoring team in the NBA at 107.4 points per game, and they averaged almost 116 in the four-game win streak they took into the game. They managed only scored 82 points. TURNING POINT:  The release of Nelson's shot with less than a second left was the only turning point in a game in which neither team ever led by more than seven points. HOT:  Chandler kept the Nuggets in it with a big fourth quarter, making 4-of-5 shots and scoring 10 of his game-high 20 points. NOT:  Almost everybody else, especially Magic forward  Brandon Bass  (2-for-13) and Nuggets guards  Arron Afflalo  (2-for-11) and  Raymond Felton  (2-for-11). QUOTABLE III:  "We had no one shooting the ball well, but our hearts and our guts were there. And then to get beat by a great shot, it's part of being in the NBA."   -- Nuggets coach  George Karl . GOOD MOVE:  After missing eight straight games with a broken toe, Gallinari played 26 minutes and scored 17 points. NOTABLE:  Felton left the game with a sprained left ankle after getting a rebound with 12.9 seconds left. X-rays were negative. ...  J.J. Reddick  missed a fifth straight game for the Magic with an abdominal strain. ...  Gilbert Arenas  didn't play because of a stiff knee. ... The Magic's .373 shooting percentage was their worst in any game since Dec. 20 at Atlanta, and their worst of the season in a win. UP NEXT:  For the Nuggets, Saturday @ Miami, Monday vs. Toronto, Wednesday vs. San Antonio. For the Magic, Monday @ Cleveland, Wednesday @ New York, Friday vs. New Jersey.  