
 Warriors-Raptors notebook   By Holly J. MacKenzie, for NBA.com Posted Monday November 8, 2010 11:19PM THE FACTS:  On Monday night at the Air Canada Centre, the Golden State Warriors defeated the Toronto Raptors 109-102 for their first road win of the season. The Warriors were led by their backcourt as  Stephen Curry  poured in 34 points and  Monta Ellis  added 28 points before leaving the game in the final minutes with an injury. With 1:12 remaining, Ellis drove to the hoop and had a layup attempt blocked, sending him to the floor hard. He was assisted to his feet by training staff and teammates and helped to the locker room. After the game Warriors PR told them media that Ellis was undergoing X-rays on his lower back. QUOTABLE:  "I had a chance to see him for a little bit. We are waiting until our trainers tell me what they see. I did get a chance to see him, and the spirit that he is in is good but we don't know what the result will be until later."    -  Keith Smart  on the status of Monta Ellia after the game. THE STAT:  After owning the boards in the Raptors first six games of the season, Reggie Evans had just six rebounds against the Warriors. The league's second-leading rebounder also played just 18 minutes as the Raptors were outrebounded 42-32 by the Warriors. The 32 rebounds were a season low for the Raptors.  David Lee  continued to work his way into the Warriors offense, finishing with 14 points and 12 rebounds before fouling out of the game and  Andris Biedrins  added eight points and nine boards. TURNING POINT:  After the Raptors were able to cut a 16-point fourth quarter deficit down to four,  Stephen Curry  put his team on his back and reeled off 12 points in the final seven minutes of play, including two huge 3-pointers to dash Toronto's hopes of completing the comeback. QUOTABLE II:  "As long as the cameramen back up one or two feet, I'll be all right." -  Stephen Curry on the status of his ankle after scoring 34 points in 36 minutes despite having to leave the game to get his ankle re-taped after colliding with a cameramen. HOT:  Stephen Curry/Monta Ellis - The backcourt duo for the Warriors combined to score 62 points on 22-for-38 from the floor. Curry had 16 of the Warriors 25 points in the fourth quarter on 6-for-9 shooting. Luckily for the Warriors the trip to the locker room to ditch his brace and get his ankle tightly re-taped did the trick. Now, they wait for word on Ellis. NOT:  After appearing to get back into a groove offensively in the Raptors last few games,  Jose Calderon  came back home and struggled against the Warriors. Playing just 10 minutes, the point guard went scoreless in the game and recorded an assist, personal foul and two turnovers in his minutes. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Monday night was Asian Heritage Night at the Air Canada Centre. NOTABLE:  With the loss Toronto falls to 0-5 on the season against Western Conference opponents. Jarrett Jack did his best to fuel his team, but his 24 points on 7-for-13 shooting were not enough to help the Raptors come back from a 20-point deficit. Leandro Barbosa left the game at the end of the third quarter with a left shoulder sprain and did not return. UP NEXT:  For the Warriors, Wednesday @ New York, Thursday @ Chicago, Saturday @ Milwaukee. For the Raptors, Wednesday vs. Charlotte, Friday @ Orlando, Saturday @ Miami. 
