  Hawks-Pistons notebook   By Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com Posted Monday February 14, 2011 11:03PM THE FACTS:  Forward  Josh Smith  had 27 points and 14 rebounds as the Atlanta Hawks began a seven-game road trip with a 94-79 thumping of the Detroit Pistons Monday night at The Palace. Atlanta's defense held the Pistons to 28 second-half points as it bounced back from two straight home losses last week. QUOTABLE:  "We understand we gave those two games away. Teams are going to have tough times. It's how you work yourself out of it. We didn't stop believing and we just played that much harder tonight. It was good for us to get on the road a little bit, where we can get with each other and figure out our problems."   --  Smith on his club snapping a two-game losing streak. THE STAT:  9-for-32, 28.1 percent. Detroit scored just nine second-half field goals, going 5-for-13 in the paint, 2-for-9 on 3-pointers and 2-for-10 in between. It had more turnovers (7) than assists (6) as Smith and  Marvin Williams , who came off the bench Monday, nearly outscored the Pistons team after halftime with a combined 27 points. TURNING POINT:  A three-point barrage gave the Pistons a 15-point lead early in the second quarter but the Hawks used a combination of easy transition baskets and 3-pointers of their own to erase it. Hawks point guard  Mike Bibby  had seven points and two assists during a 19-7 run that cut Detroit's lead to 48-45 and Atlanta eventually grabbed a 53-51 halftime lead. The Pistons scored just 38 points in the last 31 minutes. QUOTABLE II:  "I've never had that happen to me. It hurts to have the fans boo you, especially when me and all my teammates are playing hard. It's something that's hard to swallow."  --  Pistons reserve forward  Austin Daye  on his team getting booed off the court. HOT:  Smith has given the Pistons fits in all three meetings this season, averaging 25 points and 9.7 against them. He's been on a tear against everyone lately, averaging 25 points and 10.2 rebounds the past four games. He hit two mid-range bank shots late in the first half to get into a groove, then went 6-fot-9 in the second. NOT:  Detroit viewed February as its month to climb back into the playoff race but it hasn't taken advantage of its home court. The Pistons have lost four straight at The Palace, all to teams with winning records (Miami, San Antonio, Portland, Atlanta). FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Williams bounced back from a 2-point outing against Charlotte on Saturday with 15 points and eight rebounds. He had double-doubles against Washington and Philadelphia last week. ROOKIE WATCH:  Pistons forward/center  Greg Monroe  will participate in All-Star weekend in the T-Mobile Rookie Challenge but he might be better off with a free weekend. Monroe has hit the rookie wall in recent games, averaging 7 points and 4 rebounds in the last three games. NOTABLE:  Atlanta, who does not play another home game until March 2, have a 17-11 road record. "We haven't handled our business at home," Hawks coach  Larry Drew  said. "It may be a good time to go out on the road." ... The Hawks are 10-6 when starting a bigger lineup with  Jason Collins  at center and Smith and  Al Horford  at the forward spots. ... Pistons guard  Tracy McGrady  had 14 points and is now nine shy of 18,000 for his career. ... The crowd of 11,844 was Detroit's smallest this season. UP NEXT:  For the Hawks, Wednesday @ New York, Tuesday @ L.A. Lakers, Wednesday Feb. 23 @ Phoenix. For the Pistons, Wednesday vs. Indiana, Tuesday vs. Houston, Wednesday Feb. 23 @ Indiana.  