Notebook: Kings 94, Warriors 92 
 
 
 James Ham, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Nov 06, 2012 3:12 AM - Updated Tue Nov 06, 2012 3:12 AM 
 
 THE FACTS:  After losing their first three games on the road to start the 2012-13 NBA season, the Sacramento Kings used a little home cooking, a big third quarter and a lot of luck in the final seconds to beat the Golden State Warriors 94-92 Monday at the newly renamed Sleep Train Arena. 
 
 DeMarcus Cousins  led all players in both points with 23 and rebounds with 15 in the win.  Super-subs  Marcus Thornton  and  Aaron Brooks  combined for a big 28 points off the bench for the home Kings.  
 
 Klay Thompson  led the Warriors with 22 points and seven rebounds, but missed a crucial shot which would have given the Warriors the lead in the waning seconds.  David Lee  added a solid 20 points and six rebounds in the loss. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "Yes.  I thought the Klay Thompson shot was going to go down.  I thought my initial defense on him was good, but when he stopped and shot, I thought it was good.  Curry's catch and shoot -- I thought that was good.  But it wasn't." 
 -- Chuck Hayes on whether he thought the final shot attempts by the Golden State Warriors were going to go in 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The focus of Kings training camp was defense, defense, defense. Although the wins haven't been there, the defensive intensity has.  Coming into Monday's matchup, Sacramento's defensive rating was 98.1, good enough for seventh in the league. They held true to form, limiting the Warriors to 92 points on 39.7 percent shooting. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  After blowing a 10-point lead in the third, the Kings hit the gas, going on a 16-0 run to take a 72-56 lead.  The Warriors made it interesting down the stretch, but the third quarter run was too much to overcome. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We felt we wanted the crowd to get their monies worth, all the way to the last drop." 
-- Kings coach  Keith Smart 
 
 
 HOT:  After a so-so start to the season, Cousins came out of his shell in the third quarter.  The Kings big man scored 11 points and grabbed five rebounds in the third, finishing with a solid double-double. 
 
 NOT: Tyreke Evans  went scoreless through three quarters, missing all seven of his shots.  The Kings' starting shooting guard finished with just three points in 29 minutes.   
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Cousins had a brush-up with  Andrew Bogut  in the third which cost both players a technical foul.  Moments later, he picked up a quick foul and appeared destined for the bench.  Smart gave him some rope and instead of hanging himself, Cousins responded with a huge quarter. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  After watching Bogut limp around with his shoe off during his bench time, you have to wonder if the Warriors aren't better served waiting another month or so before letting last season's prized acquisition test his troublesome ankle.  
 
 NOTABLE:  For the fourth season in a row, the Sacramento Kings sold out their home opener.  An impassioned 17,317 were loud and effective in the win.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Warriors, Wednesday vs. Cleveland, Friday @ L.A. Lakers, Saturday vs. Denver. For the Kings, Wednesday vs. Detroit, Friday vs. San Antonio, Sunday @ L.A. Lakers. 
