  Notebook: Hawks 103, Cavaliers 87 Posted Sunday March 18, 2012 8:20PM By Brian Dulik, for NBA.com THE FACTS:   Joe Johnson  scored 28 points and  Zaza Pachulia  had nine points and a game-high 12 rebounds as the Atlanta Hawks cruised to a 103-87 victory over the Cleveland Cavaliers at Quicken Loans Arena.  Jeff Teague  chipped in 18 points, while  Josh Smith  added seven points, eight boards and nine assists.  Alonzo Gee  paced the Cavaliers with a career-high tying 20 points and nine rebounds, while  Kyrie Irving  notched his first double-double with 19 points and 10 assists. Despite only dressing 10 players, Atlanta beat Cleveland for the sixth straight time. QUOTABLE:  "First of all, that's a pretty good basketball team. Second of all, I thought in the first quarter, they came out and, as we would say, punched us in the mouth -- and I don't think we ever really responded after that. That's the bottom line."   -- Cavaliers coach  Byron Scott THE STAT:  Making his sixth start of the season at small forward, Johnson played a near-perfect first half, amassing 17 points on 6-for-7 shooting with three rebounds and five assists. The Hawks took a 59-45 lead into intermission and never allowed the Cavaliers to get closer than six points the rest of the way. "It was very important for us to get off to a good start and sustain it, especially on the road," said Johnson, who either scored or provided the assist on 30 first-half points. "I just tried to take what the defense gave me." The six-time NBA All-Star finished the afternoon 11-for-16 from the field with four boards and five helpers. TURNING POINT:  After Cleveland cut its deficit to 74-68 on an  Antawn Jamison  layup late in the third quarter, the Hawks rattled off eight straight points to quell any Cavaliers comeback hopes. Joe Johnson made a pair of jumpers to start the run, while backup power forward  Ivan Johnson  followed with a hoop in the paint. Teague then provided the exclamation point by blocking a 22-footer by  Daniel Gibson , grabbing the rebound, and driving to the basket for a nifty dunk. "We went on a little run, but it was tough because they continued to make shots," Gee said. QUOTABLE II:  "I thought we kept our composure when they did cut (into the lead). I tell the guys all the time, 'Good teams don't fragment in situations like that,' and we didn't. We withstood their run, we maintained our composure, stayed with what we did, and came out with a win."   -- Hawks coach  Larry Drew HOT:  Hawks starting guards Teague and  Kirk Hinrich  combined for 32 points on 14-for-24 shooting (58.3 percent), nicely complementing swingman Joe Johnson by spreading the floor. "I like playing with Kirk because he plays good defense and can knock down shots," Teague said. "And Joe is able to guard big guys because of his size, so it's working out for all of us." ... Ivan Johnson made all five of his field goal attempts and scored 10 points. "I was just making hustle plays," he said. "I've been doing that since high school, so I'm used to it." ... Cavaliers shooting guard  Manny Harris , who was signed for the remainder of the season on Saturday, made two hoops in his 81 seconds of action. ... Gibson equaled his career high with eight rebounds. ... Irving recorded 13 points and five assists before missing a shot. NOT:  Cavaliers centers  Tristan Thompson  and  Samardo Samuels  were manhandled by the 6-foot-11, 275-pound Pachulia, only scoring seven points on 2-for-9 shooting over the first three periods. "Zaza is a big guy and he lays on your body, so it wasn't easy," said Thompson, who made his first NBA start. "But he definitely outworked us tonight, which is unacceptable." ... Smith took 15 mostly ill-advised shots, only making three, and did not play in the fourth quarter. "J-Smoove" misfired on his final eight tries, prompting Scott to credit him for igniting Cleveland's comeback. ... Cavaliers shooting guard  Anthony Parker  was benched to start the second half in favor of Gibson. ... Starting power forward Jamison missed 16 of his 22 field goal attempts. QUOTABLE III:  "I thought Pachulia physically beat up Tristan and Samardo. Every now and then when (the Hawks) were shooting the ball, I thought we were on offense because he had pushed us so far under the basket, it looked like he was blocking our guys out."   -- Scott GOOD MOVE:  With guards  Willie Green  and  Jannero Pargo  not available because of injuries, Drew called upon shooting guard  Tracy McGrady  and small forward  Jerry Stackhouse  -- two of the NBA's most prolific scorers in their primes. McGrady, 32, responded with eight points and six boards, while the 37-year-old Stackhouse had nine points in nine minutes. ... Scott did not play centers  Ryan Hollins  and  Semih Erden,  who had started 16 of the Cavaliers' first 41 games, but failed in their quests to win the job on a permanent basis. Both post players are free agents at the end of the season. BAD MOVE:  The Cavaliers traded veteran point guard  Ramon Sessions  to the Lakers last week, leaving them without a true backup at the position. When Irving needed a four-minute break to start the fourth quarter, Atlanta outscored Cleveland 12-4 to put the contest away. "They were pretty physical, which is one of those factors where you have to fight back," said Irving, who played the entire first and third periods. "To beat a good team, you have to be that much better on that day." ... The Cavaliers play Monday in New Jersey, but Scott used all five of his starters for at least 34 minutes. NOTABLE:  Hawks center  Al Horford  (left pectoral surgery), power forwards  Marvin Williams  (hip flexor) and  Vladimir Radmanovic  (back), and shooting guard Green (hamstring) did not make the trip to Cleveland. Point guard Pargo (stomach virus) was a last-minute scratch and had to be taken to Cleveland Clinic for treatment. He did not accompany the team back to Atlanta, but Drew said he did not know if Pargo would be available to play Monday against Boston. ... Hawks center  Jason Collins , who had missed the previous 21 games with a sprained left elbow, played three minutes. ... Atlanta wore its white home uniforms because the Cavaliers opted to don their blue alternate jerseys. ... Cleveland's only leads came at 2-0, 4-0 and 4-2. ... Irving is the first Cavaliers rookie to post a double-double since  LeBron James  had 10 points and 11 assists on April 10, 2004 against Miami. UP NEXT:  For the Hawks, Monday vs. Boston, Wednesday vs. Cleveland, Friday vs. New Jersey. For the Cavaliers, Monday @ New Jersey, Wednesday @ Atlanta, Friday @ Orlando.  