  Spurs-Nuggets notebook   By Michael Kelly, for NBA.com Posted Thursday March 24, 2011 2:24AM THE FACTS: Al Harrington  scored a game-high 27 points and the Denver Nuggets rallied in the fourth quarter to beat the San Antonio Spurs 115-112 on Wednesday night. The Spurs played without forward  Tim Duncan , who was out with a sprained left ankle. QUOTABLE:  "With or without him they do a great job of fighting. They play team basketball. It's not like he goes for 30 and 30 every night. They've been playing well with or without him."   --  Nuggets guard  J.R. Smith , on the absence of Duncan. THE STAT:  The Spurs went 9-for-14 from 3-point range in the first half but only 4-for-18 in the second half. TURNING POINT:  After  Wilson Chandler  gave the Nuggets a 114-112 lead with 29 seconds left, the Nuggets put their best defender -- power forward  Kenyon Martin  -- on  Manu Ginobili  on the Spurs' last two possessions and Martin forced him into two tough shots. QUOTABLE II:  "I think the biggest difference in our team post-trade is we try to defend every single possession. We don't give up easy shots anymore. After a while it wears on teams."   --  Harrington. HOT: Gary Neal  was nearly perfect off the bench in the first half. The Spurs guard had 17 points and hit all four of his 3-pointers to give San Antonio a lift. He finished with a career-high 25 points. NOT:  Denver forward  Chris Andersen  has seen his minutes get shaved recently, but Wednesday he had just one rebound in only 5:17 of playing time. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Harrington has been motivated since getting a DNP-CD against Miami on Saturday. In his last two games he is averaging 21 points. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Midway through the second quarter Spurs forward  Richard Jefferson  bowled over four fans sitting courtside when he tried to save a ball from going out of bounds GOOD MOVE:  Nuggets coach  George Karl  went to a smaller lineup in the second half to help better cover the Spurs' perimeter game. BAD MOVE:  Spurs forward  DeJuan Blair  missed an uncontested dunk late in the third quarter that would have given San Antonio a 91-82 lead. The Nuggets closed out the period on an 8-4 run. ROOKIE WATCH: Tiago Splitter  won't make Spurs fans forget Duncan, but the Brazilian was solid in his second career start in place of the injured All-Star. Splitter had four points and seven rebounds in 17 minutes. NOTABLE:  Neal is averaging 9.4 points a game this year, but in his last three games against Denver he is scoring at a 20.3 pace. UP NEXT:  For the Spurs, Friday @ Portland, Sunday @ Memphis, Monday vs. Portland. For the Nuggets, Friday vs. Washington, Wednesday vs. Sacramento, Friday, April 1 @ Sacramento.  