Notebook: Bobcats 92, Raptors 90 
 
 
 Derek Smith, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Nov 06, 2013 11:00 PM - Updated Wed Nov 06, 2013 11:00 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Bobcats are off to a 3-2 start for the first time since 2009-10, a franchise-best start through five games, after going 21-61 a season ago.  
 
 THE LEAD:   Gerald Henderson  scored 23 points and  Michael Kidd-Gilchrist  added 14 as the Charlotte Bobcats downed the Toronto Raptors 92-90 Wednesday night at Time Warner Cable Arena. Rudy Gay scored 20 points to lead the Raptors in the loss.  
 The win was the sixth straight against the Raptors at Time Warner Cable Arena. The Bobcats have won six straight at home against Toronto which ties the franchise mark with a similar streak against the Sixers. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "It felt great out there. I tried to come out early and be aggressive and some shots fell. My teammates set some really good screens to get me open. It was a good start for us." 
 - Charlotte guard  Gerald Henderson 
 
 
 THE STAT:   Henderson broke out of an early season shooting slump at the right time. Henderson connected on 10-of-17 from the floor to lead all scorers. Henderson came in shooting just 31 percent from the floor in the team's first four games, but got off to a fast start with 12 points on 6-of-8 shooting in the opening quarter.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  Charlotte coach  Steve Clifford  inserted  Michael Kidd-Gilchrist  into the lineup at the start of the fourth quarter despite having quickly picked up fouls four and five late in the third quarter. He scored the team's final basket on lay-up with 1:11 to play and grabbed a key rebound on the Raptors final possession of the night to held seal the win. MKG played the entirety of the final quarter and scored four points and grabbed three boards while also playing strong defense with a block and steal down the stretch.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We've got some different guys in here and obviously a different coach. We have guys with great attitudes that come in every day and work. It's early in the season, but some hard work is paying off right now and we want to continue to add to that." 
 - Charlotte guard Henderson 
 
 
 NOT:   Kemba Walker  struggled from the floor for the Bobcats Wednesday night with only five points on 2-of-13 shooting just one night removed from a 25-point performance in New York City. Walker still leads the team in scoring at 15.8 points per game.  
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  With 20 points,  Rudy Gay  has scored in double figures in all five games this season. Gay is averaging 16.8 points, 8.6 rebounds and 1.2 assists on the season.  
 
 BAD MOVE:  Toronto coach  Dwane Casey  made what might be considered a questionable call down the stretch when he chose not to foul the Bobcats with approximately 26 second left. The Raptors were down 92-90 at the time and opted not to extend the game and send Charlotte to the foul line despite the Bobcats 17-of-30 night at the line. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Charlotte's  Cody Zeller  was a perfect 3-of-3 from the floor for six points and added three rebounds and two assists in 18 minutes of action.  James Southerland  (Bobcats) and  Dwight Buycks  (Raptors) were both active, but did not play Wednesday night.   
 
 NOTABLE:  This is just the second time in franchise history that both the Bobcats and the NFL's Carolina Panthers have been above .500 at the same time. Charlotte started the 2005-06 campaign 2-1 after a win over Boston on November 5, 2005 while the Panthers went to 6-2 with a win on November 6, 2005.  Jeffery Taylo r scored a season-high 13 points for the second consecutive game.  Bismack Biyombo  grabbed a season-high 11 rebounds and Walker dished out a season-high seven assists. Charlotte also posted season highs in field-goal percentage (.493) and assists (24).  DeMar DeRozan  scored 14 points, scoring in double figures for the fifth time in as many games this season.  Jonas Valanciunas  tallied his first double-double of the season with 12 points and 10 rebounds.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Raptors, Friday @ Indiana, Saturday vs. Utah, Monday @ Houston. For the Bobcats, Friday vs. New York, Monday vs. Atlanta, Wednesday @ Boston.  
