Notebook: Rockets 96, Bobcats 83 
 
 
 Matt Miller, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Thu Oct 31, 2013 1:31 AM - Updated Thu Oct 31, 2013 1:31 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  The new-look Houston Rockets did not put on the type of show that their fans were anticipating for most of opening night, but they came alive offensively down the stretch to record their ninth consecutive home victory over the Charlotte Bobcats 96-83 on Wednesday at Toyota Center.   
 
 THE LEAD:  The Rockets put the Bobcats on the ropes with stingy defense and domination on the glass. Then in the fourth quarter, the tag-team of  James Harden  and  Dwight Howard  delivered the knockout blow. 
 Harden and Howard combined for 38 points, including 17 of Houston's final 24, and  Francisco Garcia  chipped in with 19 points off the bench to help the Rockets wear down Charlotte 96-83 Wednesday.  Josh McRoberts  paced the Bobcats with 15 points, while  Ramon Sessions  scored 14 off the bench.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We were pressing. We were forcing it. I think the excitement and the nerves got to us a little bit. ... It's going to take time ... but we got smart, unselfish basketball players, so I don't think we'll have any more games like we did tonight. I think it was just a product of the first game." 
 -- Rockets'  Chandler Parsons 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Howard (career-high-tying 26 rebounds) and center  Omer Asik  pushed Charlotte around on the boards, as the duo pulled down 40 of the Rockets' 54 rebounds. In fact, Houston's twin towers were so effective on the boards that their rebounding total surpassed Charlotte's entire roster (37).  
 
 TURNING POINT:  Despite delivering an anemic offensive effort for most of the evening, Charlotte remained within striking distance of its opposition through nearly three-and-a-half periods. A Sessions free throw brought the Bobcats within 72-68, but a four-minute scoring drought allowed the Rockets to surge to their largest lead of the night at 80-68 with just more than five minutes remaining in the final quarter. Charlotte continued to fade from there, as Harden and Howard teamed up for 17 of Houston's final 24 points. 
 
 HOT:  Howard was an absolute force on the boards in his first half as a Rocket, snatching a career-best 17 rebounds. The 6-foot-11 big man also played a key role in limiting Charlotte to just 35.0 percent (16-for-46) shooting from the field before halftime, utilizing his length and athleticism to contest several Bobcat shots near the rim.  
 
 NOT:  A limited  Al Jefferson , who has been battling a sprained right ankle since early in the preseason, struggled to fit into coach  Steve Clifford 's offensive system and make his presence felt in his Charlotte debut. The Bobcats' prize offseason acquisition finished 6-for-19 from the floor, and he was hardly competitive on the glass against Asik and Howard.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I was a little rusty, and I most definitely am not in game shape." 
 -- Al Jefferson 
 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Houston coach  Kevin McHale  reiterated throughout the preseason that the Rockets were committed to carrying their run-and-gun style of play from last season into the 2013-14 campaign. McHale's squad, however, did not put the pedal to the metal often in the season-opener. Houston netted just seven fast-break points, eight fewer than the bogged-down Bobcats.  
 
 GOOD MOVE:  With Houston struggling to score in transition, it leaned on its two stars Harden and Howard in the pick-and-roll to carve up Charlotte's defense during crunch time. After netting 28 points in the paint through the first three periods, the Rockets got to the rim at will and poured in 18 points in the paint in the fourth. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "We should have had way more run-outs ... than we had tonight. ... We played very unlike ourselves. ... Watching us play offense was like a trip to the dentist." 
 -- Kevin McHale 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  Rockets starting point guard  Patrick Beverley  left the game in the second quarter and did not return after injuring his ribs. Beverley said after the game that he pulled a muscle under his ribs, and he expects to start Friday's game against Dallas. ... Houston's  Jeremy Lin  also left the game during the second period to receive stitches in his chin, but he returned and logged heavy minutes after halftime. ... Steve Clifford made his Bobcats coaching debut. ... Asik appeared in his 231st consecutive game, surpassing Oklahoma City's  Russell Westbrook  for the NBA's longest active streak of games played. ... Charlotte has not won at Toyota Center since January 2006. ... Former Rocket  Tracy McGrady  took in the action from a courtside seat next to team owner  Leslie Alexander .  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Bobcats: Friday vs. Cleveland, Saturday at New Orleans, Tuesday at New York. For the Rockets: Friday vs. Dallas, Saturday at Utah, Monday at L.A. Clippers. 
