Notebook: Sixers 92, Wizards 84 
 
 
 Andy Jasner, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Jan 30, 2013 10:16 PM - Updated Wed Jan 30, 2013 10:18 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:   Jrue Holiday  scored 21 points, leading five players in double figures, as the Philadelphia 76ers defeated the Washington Wizards 92-84 Wednesday night at the Wells Fargo Center.  Nick Young  scored 18 points,  Thaddeus Young  and  Lavoy Allen  had 14 apiece and  Spencer Hawes  chipped in with 12. Allen was one point shy of tying his career high. With the victory, the Sixers improved to 19-26. 
 Nene led the Wizards (11-33) with 16 points while  Emeka Okafor  added 15 points and a season-high 17 rebounds.  Martell Webster  also scored 15 points and  Trevor Ariza  had 12. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "Going from DNP to the starting lineup, it's a blessing." 
 -- Young 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Sixers outscored Washington 38-26 in points in the paint. Over the past six games, Philadelphia is outscoring opponents by an average of 8.7 points in the paint. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  After the Wizards climbed back within 82-71, the Sixers responded with five straight points -- a 3-pointer from the baseline by Hawes and a nifty drive by Holiday for an 87-71 advantage with 6:28 remaining. That was more than enough of a cushion to pull away, even though the Wizards did cut the lead to five with 1:41 left. 
 
 HOT:  Allen played one of his best games in quite some time and knocked down seven of his 10 shots. 
 
 NOT:  Wall was 3-for-12, Webster was 4-for-13 and  Jordan Crawford  missed four of his five shots. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We're as good as our big men play." 
 -- Sixers coach  Doug Collins 
 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Holiday had 21 points, six assists, four steals and three rebounds while Hawes had 12 points, 11 rebounds, four assists and four blocked shots. Okafor was terrific for the Wizards with 15 points, 17 rebounds, two assists and two blocked shots. 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  It was quiet for most of the night inside the arena. Even when the Sixers pulled away down the stretch, there was never much of a buzz from the crowd of 15,101. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "It just boils down to turnovers. I thought that was the difference in the game." 
 -- Wizards coach  Randy Wittman 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Hawes wasn't shooting the ball particularly well but Collins kept him in the game. The move paid off because Hawes played one of his best all-around games of the season. And he hit a huge 3-pointer in the fourth quarter to help seal the victory. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  The Wizards didn't run enough offense through Wall, who took 12 shots. He could have been much more involved in the offense earlier in the game and not just when they were desperate to make a late run. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Wizards starting guard  Bradley Beal  was inactive with a sore right wrist. For the Sixers, forward  Arnett Moultrie  was scoreless in a brief 21-second stint. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Sixers guard  Jason Richardson  missed his fifth consecutive game with left knee synovitis.  Nick Young  started once again in his place. Collins said that Richardson left the team to fly to Colorado for a second opinion on his knee. ... The Wizards played without Beal because of a sore right wrist. Beal visited a hand specialist in New York on Tuesday and is listed as day-to-day. ... Sixers guard  Damien Wilkins  was not with the team for personal reasons. ... The Sixers improved to 8-1 when holding the opponent below 90 points. ... Holiday has scored 20 or more points in five of the past eight games and 17 times this season. Over the past eight games, Holiday is averaging 23.8 points on 49.4 percent shooting. ... Allen was point shy of tying his career high. Over his past four games, he had scored a total of nine points on 4-for-12 shooting. It's just the second time Allen has reached double-digits over the past 12 games. ... The Wizards had 22 assists but turned the ball over 19 times. ... Washington was 7-for-22 from beyond the arc. ... The Sixers have registered 25 or more assists in seven of the past eight games after doing so eight times in the first 37 games. They are averaging 25.8 assists per game over the past eight games. 
 
 NEXT:  For the Wizards, Friday @ Memphis, Saturday @ San Antonio, Monday vs. L.A. Clippers. For the Sixers, Friday vs. Sacramento, Monday vs. Orlando, Wednesday vs. Indiana. 
