
 Warriors-Knicks notebook   By Mike Vorkunov, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday November 10, 2010 11:19PM THE FACTS:  Led by six players in double figures, including the entire starting lineup, the Golden State Warriors left Madison Square Garden with a 122-117 victory over the New York Knicks. In his return to the Garden,  David Lee  scored a team-high 28 points in addition to 10 rebounds and  Stephen Curry  added 25 points and eight assists. QUOTABLE:  "It's kind of weird. I'm used to playing with him." --  Toney Douglas  about playing against former teammate David Lee THE STAT:  The Knicks committed 21 turnovers, which the Warriors converted into 30 points. Seventeen of those turnovers came in the first three quarters as the Knicks fell into a 19-point deficit. TURNING POINT:  After  Dorrell Wright  hit a left-wing 3-pointer with 1:57 remaining to give the Warriors a 114-113 lead, the Knicks had their chance to retake the lead. But Douglas missed a long 3-pointer. After  Raymond Felton  grabbed the rebound he passed to  Danilo Gallinari  for a deep straight away 3 that was long.  Wilson Chandler  got the board and dished to Gallinari but this time he missed a finger roll. Wright would score on a put back on the other end with 59 seconds left and the Knicks couldn't recover. HOT:  In the last three games for New York, all losses, opposing point guards have burned them up. Sunday Philadelphia's  Jrue Holiday  broke them down for 19 points, eight assists and five rebounds; Tuesday night Milwaukee's  Brandon Jennings  scored 19 points, dished out six assists and grabbed five rebounds in just 27 minutes. Curry continued the trend, scoring 25 points with eight assists and made several crucial plays in the fourth quarter. NOT:  When the Knicks are going right, they are among the league's best 3-point shooting teams. In their last three games they have been anything but. New York shot 21 percent on 38 attempts in losses to Philadelphia and Milwaukee and weren't much better against the Warriors. The Knicks shot 7-for-31, with Douglas a main culprit as he missed all seven of his tries. GOOD MOVE:   Mike D'Antoni  wanted a better start to the game so he inserted Chandler into the starting lineup. It worked as the Knicks didn't fall into a deep early hole and Chandler ended up leading New York in scoring with 27 points, topping his season average of 15.6. NOTABLE:  Lee received a video montage during a timeout and acknowledged the crowd with a wave.  UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Friday @ Minnesota, Sunday vs. Houston, Tuesday @ Denver. For the Warriors, Thursday @ Chicago, Saturday @ Milwaukee, Monday vs. Detroit. 
