Notebook: Knicks 87, Pistons 77 
 
 
 Dana Gauruder, For NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Mar 06, 2013 11:19 PM - Updated Wed Mar 06, 2013 11:19 PM 
 
 THE FACTS : Point guard  Raymond Felton  had 26 points as the New York Knicks overcame the absence of  Carmelo Anthony  and a season-high 21 turnovers for a 87-77 win over the Detroit Pistons at the Palace of Auburn Hills on Wednesday. Anthony, the NBA's second-leading scorer, missed the game with stiffness and soreness in his right knee.  Amar'e Stoudemire  had 22 points and  J.R. Smith  added 20 for New York (37-21), which has won seven straight over Detroit. The Knicks have won five of their last six overall, while the Pistons (23-40), led by  Brandon Knight 's 17 points, lost for the sixth time in seven games. Detroit's leading scorer, center  Greg Monroe , sat out because of a left ankle sprain suffered in practice on Tuesday. 
 
 QUOTABLE : "I'm still kind of upset at myself for having seven turnovers. Being a point guard, scoring is something I can do but it's not my number one thing. It's to take care of the ball and run the team. I had a lot of silly, silly turnovers tonight but at the end of the day, we still put that 'W' in the column, so that's all that counts." 
 -- Raymond Felton 
 
 THE STAT : 18 -- coming in, the Knicks had committed the fewest turnovers in the league, averaging 11.9 per game. They had 11 alone in the first quarter, including five by Felton. New York's previous high for a game was 18 turnovers, which happened twice, most recently against Miami on March 3. The Knicks settled down and only made six turnovers in the second half.  
 
 TURNING POINT : The Knicks had a pair of 16-0 runs in the second half. The first of those spanned the third and fourth quarters after they had fallen behind by 10. The second came after an 8-0 Pistons spurt that gave Detroit its last lead at 73-71. Smith sparked the decisive outburst with two 3-pointers and  Jason Kidd  and Felton also hit from long range. 
 
 QUOTABLE II : "He turned it on, offensively. They were playing off him a little on pick-and-rolls and he started to exploit it." 
 -- Knicks center  Tyson Chandler  on Felton's second-half scoring 
 
 HOT : Smith entered the game ranked third among NBA reserves in scoring at 16.1 points per game, behind only the Los Angeles Clippers'  Jamal Crawford  (17.0) and New Orleans'  Ryan Anderson  (16.7). After a subpar first half, Smith turned it on with four second-half 3-pointers.  
 
 NOT : Detroit's backup guards,  Rodney Stuckey  and  Will Bynum , combined for just seven points on 2-for-13 shooting. They normally average a combined 20 points. They also had four turnovers as New York's bench outscored Detroit's backups 50-11. 
 
 NOTABLE : New York hasn't lost a season series to Detroit since 2006-07. The Knicks won the four meetings this season by an average of 15 points. .. Anthony, who has led the Knicks in scoring 43 times this season, is questionable to play against Oklahoma City on Thursday. The Knicks are 4-4 in games he has missed. ... Monroe missed his first game due to injury in his career. He had played in 208 consecutive games. In his absence, the Pistons used just their sixth different lineup this season. ... Detroit coach  Lawrence Frank  missed the game due to a personal matter. Top assistant  Brian Hill  ran the team. ... Pistons reserve forward  Charlie Villanueva  was also unavailable because of a sore left hamstring. Rookie center  Andre Drummond  has missed the last 13 games with a stress fracture in his fifth lumbar vertebra.  
 
 UP NEXT : For the Knicks, Thursday vs. Oklahoma City, Saturday vs. Utah, Monday @ Golden State. For the Pistons, Friday vs. Dallas, Sunday @ L.A. Clippers, Monday @ Utah. 
