  Notebook: Magic 96, Bobcats 89   By Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday January 17, 2012 11:12PM THE FACTS:   Dwight Howard  had 25 points and 17 rebounds, and little-used  Von Wafer  came off the Orlando Magic bench for key fourth-quarter scoring in a 96-89 victory over the Charlotte Bobcats. The Magic were behind for most of the game, but Wafer,  Hedo Turkoglu  and  Ryan Anderson  hit 3-point shots late in the fourth quarter to help them pull away to a fifth straight victory. Gerald Henderson  scored 22 points to lead the Bobcats, who lost for the eighth time in nine games. QUOTABLE:  "We defended Howard very well, and then we started going into the lane too much for help and they kicked the ball out for threes. And then they made three 3-point shots and that was the game right there."   -- Charlotte coach  Paul Silas . THE STAT:  The Magic outscored the Bobcats by 21 points during Howard's 39 minutes in the game. TURNING POINT:  Charlotte led 67-64 in the final seconds of the third quarter when Dwight Howard made a shot while falling to the floor and added a free throw, erasing the Bobcats' final lead. HOT:  Wafer, who had played only 74 minutes in the Magic's 12 preceding game, came off the bench for 5-for-8 shooting in 24 minutes, and scored eight of Orlando's first 10 points in the fourth quarter. NOT:  Bobcats forward  Tyrus Thomas  shot 2-for-10 after Monday's 0-for-3 performance against Cleveland. GOOD MOVE:  The Bobcats got by for most of the game with  Byron Mullens  or  Bismack Biyombo  guarding Howard alone. The strategy helped them hold Orlando's hot 3-point shooters to 7-for-22 shooting, but that proved to be enough. QUOTABLE II:  "There are times when I'm on the court or on the bench and we're playing and I say to myself, 'This team has a chance to be the best we've been in my six years with the Magic.' I think we've got a lot of experience, we have the best big guy in the league, the best and most dominant player and a lot of solid pieces around him."   -- Magic guard  J.J. Redick . BAD MOVE:  Annually challenging for the NBA lead in technical fouls, Howard got whistled for his second in two games. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  The 19-year-old Biyombo held his own with a double-double (11 points, 10 rebounds). "[Howard] is strong and I'm strong, too," he said. ROOKIE WATCH:   Kemba Walker  and Biyombo, the Bobcats' first-round draft selections, combined for 26 points (on 11-for-18 shooting), 14 rebounds, seven assists and four blocks. NOTABLE:  The Bobcats played for the fifth time in six days . . . Magic forward Ryan Anderson, who had been 14-for-23 in 3-point shooting in the three preceding games, made only 2-of-9 . . . The Magic played a second straight game without guard  Jason Richardson , who might return tonight against San Antonio . . . Tuesday's game against the Spurs will complete the Magic's only back-to-back-to-back of the season. UP NEXT:  For the Bobcats, Saturday @ Chicago, Sunday @ New Jersey, Tuesday vs. New York. For the Magic, Wednesday vs. San Antonio, Friday vs. L.A. Lakers, Monday @ Boston.  