Notebook: Grizzlies 104, Jazz 94 
 
 
 Marlon W. Morgan, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Dec 24, 2013 12:06 AM - Updated Tue Dec 24, 2013 12:06 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Memphis Grizzlies won back-to-back games for the first time since winning four in a row Nov. 15-20. Those are those only two times they have won consecutive games this season. 
 
 THE LEAD:  The Grizzlies got a season-high 51 points from their bench, led by 17 from  Jerryd Bayless  as they beat the Utah Jazz 104-94 Monday night at FedExForum.  Zach Randolph  led the way for the Grizz (12-15) with a game-high 22 points to go with 10 rebounds and a season-high seven assists. The Jazz (8-23) got 18 points apiece from rookie guard  Trey Burke  and veteran  Richard Jefferson . 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "It feels good. We're getting better. We've been struggling, but I think we should just come out and play hard, and let everything else take care of itself."  
 -- Grizzlies forward Zach Randolph 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Grizzlies won their first game against a Western Conference team outside of the Pacific Division. They had been 0-9 against Western Conference teams outside of the Pacific Division. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Grizzlies led 74-71 before a Bayless 3-pointer just before the end of the third quarter gave them a six-point lead. That shot was the start of a 22-9 run by the Grizzlies, which swelled their lead to 96-80 with 5.24 left in the game. 
 
 HOT:  Bayless has been in a season-long slump, particularly from 3-point range where he was shooting just 23 percent. In his previous nine games, he was 4-for-23 from long range. Bayless at least momentarily broke out of the slump as he knocked down his first four 3s before finally missing his only shot from behind the arc. It was a season-high in 3s for Bayless. 
 
 NOT:  It was a tough night for Utah center  Enes Kanter . The big man, who averages 11.3 points, was 0-for-5 from the floor as he went scoreless and had just three rebounds. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I think we did pretty well [on the road]. We were 2-3. A lot of people didn't even expect that out of us. I think we could have gotten us another win either here or in Atlanta. Those are two good teams, especially Memphis tonight. We just have to continue to get better and learn from our mistakes."  
 -- Jazz rookie guard Trey Burke 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  The Grizzlies were without forward  Tayshaun Prince  for a third straight game. That allowed newly-acquired  James Johnson  to make a second consecutive start. Johnson, who was picked up from the NBA Developmental League's Rio Grande Valley, scored nine points and had five rebounds and four blocked shots against the Jazz. ... Jazz guard  Gordon Hayward  just missed a triple-double as he had 16 points, 11 rebounds and nine assists. Hayward also had four blocked shots. Only Oklahoma City's  Kevin Durant  has had a four-category stat line like Hayward's this season. ... The Jazz are now 0-3 against Southwest Division teams. ... The Grizzlies shot 55 percent from 3-point range, their second-highest shooting percentage from long range this season. Their 11 3-pointers tied a season-high. The Grizzlies entered the game shooting just .338 from 3-point range. ... The Grizzlies bench outscored Utah's, 51-18. Their bench had been averaging just 31.5 points per game. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Jazz, Friday vs. L.A. Lakers, Saturday @ L.A. Clippers, Monday vs. Charlotte. For the Grizzlies, Thursday @ Houston, Saturday vs. Denver, Monday vs. Chicago. 
