Notebook: Celtics 105, Bobcats 88 
 
 
 Brian Robb, For NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Mar 16, 2013 11:54 PM - Updated Sat Mar 16, 2013 11:54 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:  Paul Pierce  had 14 points, six rebounds, and eight assists, as the Boston Celtics pulled away from the Charlotte Bobcats after halftime to cruise to a 105-88 win Saturday.  Jason Terry  added a team-high 15 points for the shorthanded Celtics (36-290, who played without  Kevin Garnett  (adductor) for just the second time all season. The hosts overcame Garnett's absence to earn their 11th straight win at the TD Garden and avenge a blowout loss to the lowly Bobcats (14-52) on Tuesday.  Jannero Pargo  had a game-high 18 points off the bench for the Charlotte in the defeat.  
 
 QUOTABLE : "They whooped us back at their place, so we wanted to come out, be aggressive and send a message" 
  -- Jeff Green  on the Celtics responding after losing to Charlotte by 26 on Tuesday 
 
 THE STAT : The Celtics shot 64.7 percent in the third quarter (11-for-17), including hitting all four shots from 3-point range. The outburst allowed them to outscore Charlotte 33-22 in the frame.  
 
 TURNING POINT : Boston's reserves kicked off the start of the fourth quarter with a 9-0 run, which gave the Celtics a 26-point lead just two minutes into the period. The hot start effectively put the game out of reach.  
 
 QUOTABLE II : "He has a calm disposition. He doesn't get too high or too low. And that's been his career. He's just a salty-dog warrior." 
 -- Mike Dunlap  on Pierce 
 
 HOT :  Terry -- Boston's sixth man was perfect from the field in the second half, hitting all four of his field goal attempts, including two from beyond the arc for 12 points. 
 
 NOT: Ben Gordon  -- The shooting guard could not find his rhythm off the Bobcats bench, missing 7 of his 11 shots on the night. It was the seventh consecutive game Gordon shot 40 percent or less from the field.  
 
 GOOD MOVE : Boston coach  Doc Rivers  elected to give  Shavlik Randolph  some extended minutes off the bench in the frontcourt and the move paid immediate dividends. Randolph finished with a team-high eight rebounds in just 15 minutes of action. 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT :  Courtney Lee  -- The first-year Celtic is beginning to hit his stride in the month of March, and did a little bit of everything Saturday night for the hosts. Lee went 5-for-7 from the field, while adding five rebounds, four assists and a career-high three blocks in 32 minutes.  
 
 QUOTABLE II I: "I thought we played great. The defense was really good, cut off a lot of dribble penetration. I thought we did just a terrific job on the boards. They crushed us there. So the three areas we were concerned with were transition, I thought we did well, dribble penetration, and rebounding." 
 -- Doc Rivers 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH :  Michael Kidd-Gilchrist  -- It was another underwhelming performance for the third overall pick in the 2013 NBA Draft. Kidd-Gilchrist scored six points and grabbed a pair of rebounds in 24 minutes.  
 
 NOTABLE :  Rivers was uncertain whether Garnett would be able to play against the Heat in the Celtics' next game Monday night.  The team announced Garnett had a adductor strain in his left leg and is day-to-day. "If he's healthy, he'll play. If he's not he won't," Rivers said after the game. ... The Celtics and Bobcats split the season series at 2-2. ... Charlotte has lost seven consecutive road games. All 11 active players on the Celtics scored five or more points.  
 
 UP NEXT : For Charlotte, Monday vs. Washington, Wednesday vs. Toronto, Friday vs. Detroit. For Boston, Monday vs. Miami, Wednesday @ New Orleans, Friday @ Dallas.     
