  Mavs-Pistons notebook   By Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com Posted Monday January 17, 2011 7:15PM THE FACTS:  Guard  Rodney Stuckey  had 20 points and six assists as the Detroit Pistons stretched their winning streak to three games with a 103-89 victory over the reeling Dallas Mavericks Monday afternoon at The Palace of Auburn Hills. It's the Pistons' biggest winning streak this season while the Mavericks dropped their sixth straight, their longest skid since they lost six in a row from Feb. 29, 2000-March 9, 2000. QUOTABLE:  "That foundation has finally been set. Guys know their role in the starting group and guys (know) their role coming off the bench, and you can see it's just clicking right now. That's something we've been searching for for quite some time and I think we finally found it."    -- Guard  Tracy McGrady  on the Pistons' winning streak. The turnaround came one game after McGrady was named the starting point guard. THE STAT:  52.4. The Pistons' offense has thrived with McGrady and Stuckey playing together in the backcourt and the pairing of  Chris Wilcox  and rookie  Greg Monroe  up front. They have averaged 104.7 points on 52.4 percent shooting in the last three games. TURNING POINT:  Dallas scored the last seven points of the first half but there was no momentum carryover. The Mavs missed three of their first four shots after the break, all perimeter jumpers, and committed two quick turnovers as the Pistons stretched their four-point halftime lead to 49-39 in the first 3 ½ minutes of the third. McGrady had four points during that 8-2 run and Dallas never got closer than six the rest of the way. QUOTABLE II:  "Unfortunately, we caved. Our competitive level has got to come up. It's as simple as that. What happened in the second half was not acceptable."    -- Dallas coach  Rick Carlisle  after his team gave up 62 second-half points. HOT:  Mavs forward  Dirk Nowitzki  did all he could to keep his team in it despite still being affected by right knee soreness that cost him nine games. Nowitzki scored 32 points in 31 minutes and added five assists in his second game back. NOT:  Dallas guard  Jason Kidd  may have made the third-most 3-pointers in NBA history but he certainly hasn't looked like a sharpshooter lately. He has made just two of his last 16 attempts, including an 0-for-7 performance Monday as he went scoreless in 36 minutes. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Fantasy players don't normally expect their small forwards to shoot 50 percent but that's what they're getting from Pistons forward  Tayshaun Prince . In the past two games, Prince has made 18 of 25 field-goal tries to boost his season shooting average to 50.0. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Fans were chanting for guard  Richard Hamilton  to play, particularly in the first half, but didn't get their wish. Hamilton remained glued to the bench for the fourth consecutive game as Detroit's front office tries to trade him. "It's not a thing you want in a way because you want to be out there playing," Hamilton said. "You want them to be cheering for you out there. It's just a thing where they appreciate you and I appreciate them so much for the last nine years I've been here. They've been incredible to me." ROOKIE WATCH : Monroe just missed his fifth double-double this season, contributing 16 points and nine rebounds. He also had a career-high four steals to spark the Pistons' defense, which held the Mavs to 39.3 percent shooting through the first three quarters. NOTABLE:  Both teams were missing their starting centers. Dallas'  Tyson Chandler  sat out his second straight game with an illness while Detroit's  Ben Wallace  did not dress because of a left ankle sprain. ... Dallas guard  Sasha Pavlovic  suffered a broken nose during the first half when he was inadvertently struck by  Ben Gordon  after Gordon made a layup. Pavlovic returned to the game during the fourth quarter. ... Gordon made one 3-pointer and is now two shy of 1,000 for his career. ... Detroit had just one second-half turnover after making 10 in the first half. UP NEXT:  For the Mavericks, Wednesday vs. L.A. Lakers, Thursday @ Chicago, Saturday @ New Jersey. For the Pistons, Wednesday @ Boston, Friday @ New Jersey, Saturday vs. Phoenix.  