  Bucks-Lakers notebook   By Bryan Chu, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday December 22, 2010 3:22AM THE FACTS:  The Lakers received an early Christmas surprise.     The short-handed Bucks and  Earl Boykins  came into Staples Center on Tuesday and bashed the Lakers, 98-79, a defeat that may have been their worst of the season. Milwaukee (11-16) broke the Lakers' five-game winning streak and snapped a six-game losing streak to Los Angeles (21-8). For the Bucks, Boykins led all scorers with 22 points, including 4-for-5 from distance.  John Salmons  added 20 points and  Andrew Bogut  chipped in 15. It was an atypical start to the day for the Lakers.  Kobe Bryant  was late for shootaround because he got into a fender-bender, Lakers coach  Phil Jackson  said. Bryant wasn't his usual self, finishing with a quiet 21 points. Bryant, who wasn't available for comment after the game, was ejected in the fourth quarter with 2:07 left. He was arguing with the referees after they whistled him for a charge. Also,  Lamar Odom , who tallied 12 points and 10 rebounds, felt a bit off with the flu. The Lakers were in striking distance at the end of the third quarter as they trailed 72-66. The Bucks, however, used a 12-2 run in the middle of the fourth quarter to break the game open. QUOTABLE:  "We could have lost to any NBA team today, some good college teams. We've played in big games before and we know to take care of the business in front of us."   -- Odom referring to looking past the Bucks with a huge game looming against the Heat on Christmas Day. THE STAT:  13: The number of points the Bucks outscored the Lakers in the final period (26-13). TURNING POINT:  When the Lakers went big and Boykins came up even bigger in the third quarter. With both Laker centers,  Andrew Bynum  and  Pau Gasol , in the lineup, it was the smallest player in the NBA who did the most damage. Boykins, who stands at 5-foot-5, drilled an 18-foot jumper right before the shot clock buzzer sounded and, then on the next Bucks possession, drilled a 3-pointer on the right wing to give the Bucks a 68-63 lead. Boykins' spurt started a 9-3 run to close out the third quarter. QUOTABLE II:  "No, we know he has it. This is what he's done most of his career ... He learned a long time ago how to use his size to his advantage ... obviously we wouldn't have won the game without Earl tonight."   -- Bucks coach  Scott Skiles  on Boykins' ability HOT:  With  Brandon Jennings  out (left foot surgery) for at least the next four weeks, Boykins crippled the Lakers. Boykins tallied a season-high 22 points on 8-for-12 shooting. Boykins finished the game sinking six straight shots, which included three, 3-pointers. NOT:  The Laker point guards.  Derek Fisher  and  Steve Blake  combined to score two points on 1-for-8 shooting. The also had three turnovers to four assists. They were outplayed by the backcourt of Boykins and  Keyon Dooling . The Bucks combo scored 30 points on 11-for-21 shooting. They had five turnovers and seven assists. QUOTABLE III:  "I've been through the highs and lows and I know eventually my time will come."   -- Boykins QUOTABLE IV:  "Man. Big Earl. That's what I call him. The way he came in and played was unbelievable."   --  Corey Maggette  told NBA.com FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Bucks forward  Ersan Ilyasova , who came in averaging 8.2 points on 39.9 percent shooting, finished the game with 17 points on 6-for-13 from the field and he also tallied 11 rebounds. Ilyasova has scored in double digits in five of his last seven games. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Rapper  Dr. Dre  was in the house! NOTABLE:  Bucks forward Maggette told NBA.com after the game that he should be back for Thursday's game against the Kings. He has missed some time with concussion-like symptoms. "I'm 80 percent. They're going to do another test Wednesday and we'll go from there," Maggette said. ... Lakers newly acquired forward  Joe Smith  dressed, but did not play in his first game in Los Angeles. "Since the trade, I haven't stopped smiling," Smith told NBA.com. "Anytime you go to a team with the history like the Lakers it's always going to rejuvenate you. I've been trying to figure things out, but I'm very happy with things here." Smith is definitely in the conversation for most well-traveled player in NBA history. He has been an active player on 12 different rosters, tying the all-time record for most teams a player has been on with three former players ( Chucky Brown, Tony Massenburg  and  Jimmy Jackson ). ... There were three palming violations called by the referees. UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Saturday vs. Miami, Tuesday @ San Antonio, Wednesday @ New Orleans. For the Bucks, Thursday @ Sacramento, Monday vs. Atlanta, Tuesday @ Chicago.  