Notebook: Kings 131, Warriors 127 
 
 
 James Ham, For NBA.com 
 
Posted Thu Dec 20, 2012 1:56 AM - Updated Thu Dec 20, 2012 1:56 AM 
 
 THE FACTS : It felt like turn-back-the-clock night at Sleep Train Arena Wednesday night as the Golden State Warriors and Sacramento Kings slugged it out like Don Nelson was running both benches. In the end, the home team prevailed, coming away with the wild 131-127 victory in front of an incredibly entertained crowd. 
 
 DeMarcus Cousins  was a beast in the post for the Kings (8-17), scoring 24 points on 5-for-12 shooting from the field and 14-for-18 from the line.   Aaron Brooks  added 23 points, missing just three of his 12 shots from the field.  Marcus Thornton  added 19 points off the bench after missing the Kings last four games while attending to a personal matter.  
 
 Stephen Curry  was incredible for the Warriors (17-9), scoring a game-high 32 points before fouling out late.   David Lee  added 29 points and eight rebounds, while  Jarrett Jack  supplied a 28-point, seven-rebound performance off the Golden State bench. 
 
 QUOTABLE : "We had to get this guy out of the game somehow."  
 -- Kings coach  Keith Smart  on calling an isolation play for  John Salmons  to try and get Curry to pick up his sixth foul  
 
 THE STAT : Both the Kings and the Warriors finished the game shooting exactly 50 percent from the field in one of the most entertaining games so far this NBA season.  Seven Kings and five Warriors players finished with double-figure scoring in a wild up and down affair. 
 
 TURNING POINT : At the 2:13 mark of the fourth quarter and the game tied 118-118, Salmons went right at Curry and got him to pick up his sixth and final foul.  Curry had scored 23 second-half points up to that point and 32 for the game.  The Kings outscored the Warriors 13-9 with their star point guard sitting on the bench. 
 
 QUOTABLE II : "[My mother] getting sick was a big thing for me.  I was kind of just spaced out.  I really [haven't] cared too much about anything but her health.  Now that she's doing better, I can get back to doing what I love to do."  
 --Marcus Thornton on returning to the Kings after tending to his ailing mother 
 
 HOT : Brooks got to the Warriors in the first quarter, giving the Kings 12 points on 5-for-6 shooting.  When he left the court,  Jimmer Fedette  took over, hitting three of his five shots from the field and all four of his free throws.  The duo combined for 25 points in the first half, helping the Kings to a 63--55 lead going to the intermission.  
 
 HOT II : Curry and Cousins put on a show in the third quarter.  After scoring nine points in the first half, Curry dropped 17 on the Kings in the third period.  While Curry was burying shots from the outside for the Warriors, Cousins was busy dominating the post for the Kings, scoring 13 in the quarter. 
 
 GOOD MOVE : As this game wore on, the coaching staffs did an incredible job of playing chess.  When Curry got hot, Smart switched Salmons to him.  When Thornton got hot, Jackson used the much bigger  Klay Thompson  to guard him.  This was an epic offensive battle on the surface, but a complicated game of matchups for the coaching staffs. 
 
 BAD MOVE : The only things that could possibly stop Curry tonight was his sixth and final foul, which he picked up at the 2:13 mark of the fourth quarter.  
 
 NOTABLE : The two teams combined to make 24 out of 45 3-point attempts on the night, for a stellar 53-percent.  
 
 UP NEXT : For the Warriors, Friday vs. Bobcats, Saturday vs. Lakers, Wednesday @ Utah. For the Kings, Friday @ Clippers, Sunday vs. Portland, Wednesday @ Portland.  
