  Pistons-Trail Blazers notebook   By Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com Posted Sunday February 13, 2011 9:50PM THE FACTS:  Forward  LaMarcus Aldridge  continued his scoring tear with 36 points as the Portland Trail Blazers won their fourth straight, edging the Detroit Pistons Sunday night, 105-100. Guard  Wesley Matthews  added 26 points as the Trail Blazers outscored the Pistons, 12-5, in the final 1:32. QUOTABLE:  "The opportunity came and I've been doing well in this role. My teammates believed in me, the coaches believed in me and I'm just trying to play this role to a 'T'"   -  Aldridge on becoming Portland's go-to scorer . THE STAT:  115. Aldridge seemingly wrapped up Western Conference Player of the Week honors by exceeding 35 points for the third straight game. He has now scored 115 points in the last three, including 42 against Chicago and 37 at Toronto. Aldridge, who was not chosen for the All-Star team, has exceeded 35 in five of the last 13 games. TURNING POINT:  With the Trail Blazers leading 97-96 and 52 seconds remaining, head coach  Nate McMillan  drew up a play to get Aldridge the ball in the post. With the shot clock running down, Aldridge instead came out to set pick for point guard  Andre Miller . Aldridge then popped to the left wing while both defenders were drawn to Miller. Aldridge hit the 18-footer for a three-point lead and the Pistons came up empty the next two possessions. QUOTABLE II:  "The numbers have been consistent. The important thing with LaMarcus is he continues to stay hungry, continues to go out and work. (Despite) not making that All-Star team, he hasn't dropped off in his play."   -  McMillan on Aldridge's big week. HOT:  Matthews bounced back from two subpar efforts - a pair of six-point outings against Chicago and Toronto - to give the Blazers a secondary option. Matthews, who had a 31-point game at Cleveland Feb. 5, scored 13 points in each half. NOT:  Pistons guard  Rodney Stuckey  scored just two points in 24 minutes and committed four turnovers. Stuckey, who did have a team-high seven assists, also had words with head coach  John Kuester  after he was reinserted into the game during the final minute. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Pistons reserve guard  Will Bynum  had 15 points, four assists and a season-high four steals. Over the last four games, Bynum is averaging 14.8 points and 4.5 assists. GOOD MOVE:  The Blazers never strayed from their offensive gameplan, consistently feeding the ball to Aldridge in the post. Aldridge scored just four first-quarter points but got hot with backup center  Chris Wilcox  guarding him. He made 12 of 17 field goals and 12 of 13 free throws. BAD MOVE:  Pistons coach John Kuester rode his second unit throughout the fourth quarter, which worked well until the closing minutes, when their offensive execution fell apart.  Charlie Villanueva  and  Austin Daye  airballed 3-point attempts and Wilcox and Villanueva committed turnovers in the last 1:15. NOTABLE:  Miller had a double-double with 15 points and 12 assists but also made nine turnovers, four more than in any previous game this season. ... The Pistons, who have lost six straight to Portland, had scored fewer than 95 points in their last 11 games against the Blazers until Sunday. ...  Richard Hamilton  missed his fourth consecutive game for Detroit with a sore groin. UP NEXT:  For the Trail Blazers, Monday @ Minnesota, Wednesday vs. New Orleans, Wednesday Feb. 23 vs. L.A. Lakers. For the Pistons, Monday vs. Atlanta, Wednesday vs. Indiana, Tuesday Feb. 22 vs. Houston.  