  Celtics-Nuggets notebook   By Michael Kelly, for NBA.com Posted Friday February 25, 2011 2:08AM THE FACTS:   Kenyon Martin  had 18 points and 10 rebounds and the Denver Nuggets beat the Boston Celtics 89-75 Thursday night. The Celtics played with only nine players after a pair of trades sent  Kendrick Perkins  and  Nate Robinson  to Oklahoma City and  Luke Harangody  and  Semih Erden  to Cleveland. QUOTABLE:  "Tough day to play basketball. Very tough day to play basketball, to even concentrate. You feel like you lost a family member today. Tough day."    -- Celtics forward  Kevin Garnett , on the team trading Perkins. THE STAT:  The Celtics missed their last eight shots and didn't score over the last 6:05. TURNING POINT:  With the Nuggets ahead 76-75 Martin's defense forced Garnett into a tough shot. Martin then hit a layup and free throw at the other end as part of a 16-0 Denver run to end the game. HOT:  Boston guard  Delonte West  was pressed into service and delivered a solid game despite playing for just the seventh time this season. He finished with 10 points and two steals in 23 minutes. NOT:   Al Harrington  struggled through a tough shooting night as he gets used to Denver's new substitution rotation. Harrington was 2-for-7 from the field and missed all three of his 3-pointers. GOOD MOVE:  Nuggets coach  George Karl  spread out the minutes for his new guys and they all contributed to the win.  Wilson Chandler  provided the spark offensively with 16 points off the bench. BAD MOVE:   Nene  picked up two cheap fouls in a couple of minutes out of frustration. ROOKIE WATCH:   Chris Johnson  gave the Celtics some much-needed minutes hours after being called up from the D-League and signing a 10-day contract. He had three blocked shots and scored six points in 17 minutes. QUOTABLE II:  "It's the nature of the business. People thought  LeBron James  was cold for leaving Cleveland the way it is. This is an example of how it happens on the management end. You can't get mad at the players because it can happen to them unexpectedly, just like a player can go where he wants. It's just the nature of the beast. "   -- Boston forward  Paul Pierce , on the Celtics' trade. NOTABLE:  The Celtics were denied a possible three-point play midway through the third quarter when  Danilo Gallinari 's foul on Garnett was wiped away on a 24-second shot clock violation. UP NEXT:  For the Celtics, Saturday @ L.A. Clippers, Monday at Utah, Wednesday vs. Phoenix. For the Nuggets, Thursday @ Portland, Monday vs. Atlanta, Wednesday vs. Charlotte.  