  Bulls-Cavaliers notebook   By Brian Dulik, for NBA.com Posted Friday April 8, 2011 11:40PM THE FACTS:  The Chicago Bulls wrapped up the top seed in the Eastern Conference with a 93-82 victory over the Cleveland Cavaliers. Power forward  Carlos Boozer  collected a game-high 24 points and 11 rebounds for Central Division champion Chicago, which will play the Indiana Pacers in the opening round of the playoffs. Power forward  J.J. Hickson  paced Cleveland with 22 points and 15 rebounds. QUOTABLE:  "Our growth has been formidable. Last year, we qualified for the playoffs on the last day (of the regular season). Today, we are the No. 1 seed. That feels pretty good."  --  Bulls center  Joakim Noah. THE STAT:  Chicago has won five straight road games by an average margin of 14.8 points. The Bulls also have gone 21-3 since Feb. 24, allowing them to finish with the best record in the East for the first time since 1997-1998 -- the last time they won the NBA championship. "This is the next step for us, but we still have a ways to go because we're not done," Chicago coach  Tom Thibodeau  said. TURNING POINT:  After Cleveland had pulled within 60-57 five minutes into the third quarter, the Bulls ran off 10 straight points to regain control. MVP candidate  Derrick Rose  started the spurt with a perimeter jumper, while Boozer ended it with a bank shot just 2:32 later. "Even when we would try to make a run, they would come back and make a shot," Cavaliers coach  Byron Scott  said. QUOTABLE II:  "I'm not into losing. I don't think anybody in this organization is trying to lose. Nothing is guaranteed. That's why it's called a lottery."  --  Cavaliers guard  Baron Davis. HOT:  Boozer and Noah were lustily booed by the sellout crowd of 20,562, but silenced it by repeatedly scoring over Cleveland's post players. One-time Cavaliers fan favorite Boozer made 12-for-18 field goal attempts, while 2010 playoff villain Noah was 4-for-7 and had a game-high six blocked shots. "Carlos was very efficient offensively," Thibodeau said. "And I thought Jo was real active in the second half." NOT:  Cavaliers power forward  Luke Harangody  was abysmal with zero points, three rebounds and four fouls in 21 minutes. The rookie also missed all three of his 3-point attempts, making him 12-for-57 this season...Cleveland center  Semih Erden , who was acquired from Boston with Harangody, committed three fouls in his first 103 seconds. He finished with two points and four personals in 12 minutes. QUOTABLE II:  "Tibbs (Thibodeau), man, is the Coach of the Year to me. He's just been honest, holding everyone accountable every time we step on the court."  --  Bulls guard Derrick Rose. GOOD MOVE:  Thibodeau gave his backups extended minutes in the second quarter, which paid off as forwards  Taj Gibson  and  Kyle Korver  each scored eight points and the Bulls won the period by a 25-20 margin. "I probably knocked the starters out of rhythm a little bit, but the bench was playing so well," Thibodeau said. "It was great because, I thought, defensively they were doing a very good job." BAD MOVE:  Hickson was the best player on the court for most of the evening, but only logged 32 minutes as Scott gave Harangody and Erden extended time. He was aggressive from the get-go, collecting 14 points and nine rebounds in the first half. "I'm really becoming a student of the game, and I think it's showing in my offensive play," Hickson said after his 25th double-double of the campaign. NOTABLE:  The Bulls swept their four-game season series with the Cavaliers and have won five straight over Cleveland...Chicago small forward  Luol Deng  made a modest run at a triple-double with 10 points, nine rebounds and six assists. ... Rose was held to 11 points, eight assists and four turnovers, largely while being guarded by Cleveland shooting guard  Anthony Parker . ... Noah made a 27-foot hook shot just after the second-quarter buzzer...Guard  Daniel Gibson  had 14 points off the bench for the Cavaliers. ... Cleveland unveiled a banner in the rafters honoring longtime radio play-by-play announcer  Joe Tait . Tait, who has called 3,381 Cavaliers games, is retiring at the end of this season -- his 39th with the franchise that was founded in 1970. He joined the team eight games into its inaugural campaign. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Sunday @ Orlando, Tuesday @ New York, Wednesday vs. New Jersey. For the Cavaliers, Saturday @ Milwaukee, Monday @ Detroit, Wednesday vs. Washington.  