  Notebook: Spurs 99, Rockets 91   By Tim Price, for NBA.com Posted Thursday February 2, 2012 12:58AM THE FACTS: Tim Duncan  scored 25 points, and his 13 in the third quarter helped start a rally that snuffed out a 19-point Houston lead and keyed the Spurs' 99-91 victory on Wednesday at AT&T Center. The Spurs (14-9) also forced 21 turnovers (Houston gave up the ball nine times in the third quarter alone) and limited the Rockets (12-10) to 40.5 percent shooting in the second half. QUOTABLE:  "Tim Duncan went to the Fountain of Youth or something yesterday because today he looked phenomenal. We fed off Tim. He played great and everybody else kind of got their energy from Tim."    -- Spurs guard  Gary Neal THE STAT:  The Spurs remained committed to throwing the ball in to Duncan, and with  Samuel Dalembert  sitting during a critical junction in the third quarter because of foul trouble there was not much the Rockets could do to defend it. San Antonio outscored Houston 42-16 in the paint for the game. TURNING POINT:  The Spurs had opportunities late in the first half and early in the second to cut Houston's lead to single digits but could not pull it off on either occasion. They finally did it by accident when Neal's lob went right under the basket to  James Anderson . Anderson fumbled it, yet Duncan was right there to clean up the mess and follow with the bucket that cut the Rockets' lead to 66-58 with less than three minutes to go in the third. It was part of 11 straight points for San Antonio, and though it didn't give them the lead, it put the Spurs right back in it. QUOTABLE II:  "I don't think it was just that one thing (Dalembert's foul trouble and Duncan taking advantage of it). It was the whole game."    -- Rockets forward  Luis Scola HOT:  It wasn't a season-high for Duncan (28 points, Jan. 23 at New Orleans), but Duncan did not shoot as well that night as he did against Houston. He was 9-for-12 against the Rockets, including 4-for-6 while playing the entire third quarter. NOT: Kevin Martin  started the game 8-for-11 and eventually scored 29 points for the second straight game. He did that despite finishing 2-for-10, including three misses on his final three shots of the game after a 91-91 tie with 2:22 to go.  Courtney Lee  opened by hitting his first five shots, but went 2-for-7 after that. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Martin's 29 points came with nine rebounds and four assists. Too bad the Rockets are done with the Spurs this season. Martin averaged 25 points in four games, almost four points better than his season average. INSIDE THE ARENA:  North Carolina is in the middle of a three-day break between games, and coach  Roy Williams  attended the Rockets-Spurs game. He spent some time on the court beforehand with budding Spurs swingman  Danny Green , who played for Williams at UNC until being drafted in the second round (46th overall) by Cleveland. ... Former Spurs defensive stopper  Bruce Bowen  had a night off from his network commentating duty and visited his old teammates in the locker room before the game. GOOD MOVE:  The Spurs trailed only once in the final six minutes and two other times averted falling behind by drawing charging fouls on critical possessions. The first came when  Kyle Lowry  skirted past  Tony Parker  and had  Tiago Splitter  to beat, but the two collided and Splitter got the benefit of the call. Five and a half minutes later the Rockets were on the break after  Patrick Patterson  rebounded a Parker miss and Lee was on a beeline to the basket. But Neal dropped back and let Lee run into him when a Houston basket would have tied the game. Instead, the Spurs got a  Matt Bonner  3-pointer on the other end and went ahead by five with a minute to go. BAD MOVE:  Dalembert's third foul came just a little more than a minute into the second half with the Rockets ahead by 17. He picked up his fourth less than a minute later and Houston up by 18. Dalembert came out and sat the rest of the third quarter and Duncan made his final four shots before the quarter ended with  Jordan Hill  mostly assigned to him. Houston's 18-point lead dwindled to 71-67 heading into the fourth. ROOKIE WATCH:  Tough night for the rookie starters on each team.  Chandler Parsons  played 16 minutes and went 1-for-5 for Houston.  Kawhi Leonard , who had a double-double for San Antonio two nights ago in Memphis, also was 1-for-5 in eight minutes -- three points, one rebound. NOTABLE:  The Spurs were in danger of dropping their second season series with a Western Conference opponent and losing a tiebreaker with a team that's currently sitting close in the standings. San Antonio already has lost the season series to Minnesota (currently 3 1/2 games back of the Spurs) and the Rockets are 2 1/2 games back of the Spurs after splitting four games head-to-head this season. ... The Rockets were shooting to win the season series for the first time since the 1996-97 season (when the teams' starting centers were  Hakeem Olajuwon  and  David Robinson ). UP NEXT:  For the Rockets, Friday vs. Phoenix, Saturday @ Minnesota, Monday @ Denver. For the Spurs, Thursday vs. New Orleans, Saturday vs. Oklahoma City, Monday @ Memphis.  