Notebook: Hawks 102, Cavaliers 94 
 
 
 Matt Winkeljohn, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Apr 02, 2013 12:24 AM - Updated Tue Apr 02, 2013 12:25 AM 
 
 THE FACTS:  Devin Harris  was the man early and late for the Atlanta Hawks. He scored Atlanta's first seven points and added seven more in a key third-quarter run that gave the Hawks a gap on the way to a 102-94 win over the visiting Cleveland Cavaliers Monday night.  
 Harris finished with a season- and game-high 25 points, plus seven assists.  Jeff Teague  added 19 points and nine assist.  Josh Smith  added 18 points, 14 rebounds and eight assists. The Hawks trailed just once, for less than a minute in the early stages of the game. Atlanta (42-33) pulled within one game of Brooklyn in the race for fourth place in the East. 
 
 Kyrie Irving  sat out as part of his recovery from a sprained left shoulder,  C.J. Miles  (ankle) was a late scratch and  Daniel Gibson  was ejected in the second quarter to leave Cleveland thinner than usual. Irving's sub --  Shaun Livingston  -- had 14 points and six assists,  Marrees e  Speights  scored 23 points off the Cavs' bench. 
 
 QUOTABLE : "[Devin's] speed and quickness were there. It seemed like when we got into a little bit of trouble, he came up with some timely plays, whether he got to the basket, made a shot or a pass." 
 -- Hawks coach  Larry Drew 
 
 
 THE STAT :  +18 -- That was the Hawks' edge from 3-point territory, even though they didn't shoot it especially well. Atlanta was 9-for-30 from distance; Cleveland was 3-for-12. 
 
 TURNING POINT : The Cavs pulled within 58-56 on an  Alonzo Gee  trey with 8:16 left in the third quarter, but after a Hawks timeout Atlanta went on an 18-6 run fueled by Harris. He scored seven in that stretch, and the Hawks were never in much danger again. 
 
 QUOTABLE II : "If we battle like that the rest of the season, play that hard, with that type of fire . . . then we'll be OK. I've been waiting for that all season. It took longer than I wanted, bit I think that can put to rest the questions, 'Have these guys given up or quit?' I think they played as hard as they can play tonight." 
 -- Cavs coach  Byron Scott 
 
 
 HOT :  Harris scored 11 points in the first quarter on 3-for-5 shooting and a 5-for-5 turn from the free-throw line. . . . Speights scored 15 points in the fourth quarter, including 12 straight on 7-for-9 shooting. . . . Hawks' sub  Ivan Johnson  has shot 50 percent or better in six straight games. He was 3-for-5 Monday after scoring a season-high 21 in Saturday's win over Orlando. Johnson is 22-for-37 in that span.  
 
 NOT :  Cleveland's  Tristan Thompson  had turnovers on three of the Cavs' first four possessions, and scored on the other. He also took three stitches over the left eye during the game, and returned to action. He finished with five points, six rebounds, two assists and no more turnovers in 22:55. 
 
 NOTABLE :  Atlanta's  Kyle Korver   tied  Reggie Miller  for the fourth-longest streak in NBA history making at least one 3-point shot. He was 3-for-7 from afar, and has now made at least one long ball in 68 straight games. Next up on the list, No. 4  Dennis Scott  (78). . . . The Cavs' plan is for Irving not to play games on back-to-back days, although that plan may be amended if his shoulder responds well in coming days. Cleveland has two more back-to-backers (April 9-10 and 14-15). 
 
 UP NEXT :  For the Cavs, Wednesday vs. Brooklyn, Friday @ Boston, Sunday vs. Orlando. For the Hawks, Wednesday vs. Knicks, Friday vs. Philadelphia, Saturday @ San Antonio. 
