  Notebook: Warriors 111, Heat 106   By Geoff Lepper, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday January 11, 2012 2:43AM THE FACTS:   Nate Robinson  came off the bench to score 24 points, 17 in the fourth quarter and overtime, and the Golden State Warriors erased a 17-point deficit over the final 13:15 of regulation to beat the Miami Heat 111-106, Tuesday night. Warriors forward  Dorell Wright  broke out of a season-long slump to score 20 points, eight in OT, and grabbed 10 rebounds against his former team.  David Lee  added his fourth consecutive double-double with 20 points, 14 boards, four steals and three assists as Golden State snapped a five-game losing streak.  Dwyane Wade  had a season-high 34 points, six rebounds and four steals in his return from a three-game absence due to an injured left foot, but he couldn't prevent the Heat from suffering only their second loss of the season. QUOTABLE:  "At this point, we're not in any position to fold up shop. We're just going to keep on fighting. We have no choice. We have a coaching staff that holds us accountable and we have a lot of players with a lot of pride."   -- David Lee, on Golden State's comeback THE STAT:  The Heat seemed to be cruising to a 9-1 start and a 3-0 mark on their five-game road trip, but a hideous, 12-point fourth quarter scrambled that beyond recognition. Miami shot 2-for-17 in the period, with five turnovers and no assists, as the Heat's offense coagulated into an endless parade of one-on-one pull-ups. Perhaps most surprising: the Warriors didn't even have to resort to their zone, instead beating the Heat with straight up man defending. TURNING POINT:  Wright had only five 3-pointers on the entire season coming into Tuesday, but he dropped six on the Heat. The last was also the biggest;  Brandon Rush  swung a pass from the left corner to Wright along the wing, where he calmly drained a trey to put Golden State up 105-104 with 1:26 left in OT. Robinson stole a poorly conceived one-armed pass from  LeBron James  on the following possession, then flung the ball clear so Wright could chase it down for an uncontested dunk. HOT:  Recently signed Robinson missed all six of his field-goal attempts in the final three quarters, but cemented his status as an Oracle fan favorite by unleashing a 15-point fourth quarter, including a pair of 3-pointers and a tying free throw on  Udonis Haslem 's ridiculously ill-timed technical foul with 1:44 left in regulation. QUOTABLE II:  "It was great to see Nate Robinson, who people questioned and doubted, [succeed]. I didn't know what he was when he was on other teams. And I understood the question marks. But I know he's a fighter. And I know he's a competitor. And, no pun intended, I know he's a Warrior. And the guy left it on the floor. Thank God for second chances."   -- Warriors coach  Mark Jackson NOT:   Monta Ellis  had 22 points for the Warriors, but an otherwise poor night, shooting 9-for-25, committing nine turnovers and failing to even get a shot off at the end of regulation after milking the clock down from 13 seconds. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  James had 26 points, 11 rebounds and seven assists, but turned the ball over five times and disappeared in the fourth quarter and OT, when he had a mere three points and three assists. ROOKIE WATCH:  Heat point guard  Norris Cole  helped cool down Ellis after the Warrior star scored eight points in the opening quarter, and went on to put up six points and three assists in 23 minutes INSIDE THE ARENA:   Larry Ellison , the Oracle billionaire whose bid for the Warriors lost out to that of new owners  Joe Lacob  and  Peter Guber , was on hand courtside, 11 seats down from Lacob. . . .  Reggie McKenzie , the new general manager for the Oakland Raiders, was also courtside, fresh off of firing first-year Raiders coach  Hue Jackson . NOTABLE:  Warriors center  Kwame Brown  left the game midway through the fourth quarter with a possibly dislocated right shoulder. The team said he would be examined Wednesday to determine the extent of damage suffered when Brown bear-hugged Haslem. . . . Brown's status becomes more important because starting center  Andris Biedrins  (sprained right ankle/toe) was absent from the Warriors' lineup for a third consecutive game. . . .  Eddy Curry  (hip flexor) and  Mike Miller  (hernia surgery) did not suit up for the Heat. . . . This was Miami's first loss on the road, after five victories. . . . Miami missed 14 of 40 free-throw attempts, including four each by Wade and  Chris Bosh . . . . Golden State cracked triple digits for the first time all year, although it did take overtime to do it. UP NEXT:  For the Warriors, Thursday vs. Orlando, Saturday @ Charlotte, Sunday @ Detroit. For the Heat, Wednesday @ Clippers, Friday @ Denver, Tuesday vs. San Antonio.  