  Nuggets-Warriors notebook    By Geoff Lepper, for NBA.com  Posted Tuesday November 23, 2010 1:56AM THE FACTS:   Carmelo Anthony  scored a season-high 39 points -- including 17 free throws without a miss -- and  Ty Lawson  took over capably at the point for an injured  Chauncey Billups,  providing 14 points and five assists as the Denver Nuggets pulled away late from the Golden State Warriors for a 106-89 victory Monday. QUOTABLE:  "He's a player that probably has earned more time than we're giving him. A lot of teams, he'd be playing 30 minutes a game. We don't like playing without Chauncey, but we were very confident he'd play well tonight. His fourth quarter was big for us."    -- Denver coach  George Karl  on Lawson THE STAT:  The disparity at the 3-point line made all the difference for the Nuggets, who made six more treys than Golden State (12 compared to six) while taking five fewer shots from the arc (21 compared to 26). TURNING POINT:  The Warriors had cut Denver's lead from 11 points to just four with 6:36 left when Lawson delivered a pair of back-to-back layups. He added a pair of defensive rebounds as Denver went on what eventually became a 9-1 run. The Warriors never got within single digits again. HOT:  Anthony set a personal record for most free throws without a miss, and this is the third time in four games that he's gotten to the line at least 10 times, the byproduct of a refound desire to attack the rim. Prior to this stretch, Anthony averaged just 5.6 FTAs a game. NOT :  Monta Ellis  (who came in shooting 50.8 percent from the floor this season) and  Stephen Curry  (46.5 percent) were held to a combined 15-for-43 Monday (34.9 percent). The duo scored 37 points, nine off their combined season averages. Without power forward  David Lee , the Warriors won't win many games shooting like that. QUOTABLE II:  "We defended their pick-and-roll game probably as well as we've done all year. We did some switching, but we just kept Ellis and Curry somewhat in front of us almost all night. The shots they made, most of them were challenged."  -- Karl FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Coming off the heels of a 1-for-7 performance in New Jersey on Saturday, Denver forward  Al Harrington  dropped 19 points on his former team, including a 5-for-7 night on 3-pointers. BAD MOVE:  With power forwards David Lee (left elbow),  Brandan Wright  (lower back),  Lou Amundson  (right index finger) and  Ekpe Udoh  (left wrist) all on the bench, Warriors coach  Keith Smart  started with a Twin Towers concept, using 7-0 Andris Biedrins at power forward and 6-11 Dan Gadzuric at center. Because Denver starts offensive nonentity Shelden Williams at the 4, Biedrins was able to sag off and provide help defensively. However, foul trouble -- Biedrins drew three in the first quarter -- caused Smart to go away from the pairing, using more Dorell Wright and Rodney Carney at the 4. Denver eventually outrebounded Golden State 47-38. NOTABLE:  Billups missed the game after breaking his nose and spraining his right wrist against New Jersey on Saturday. With Lawson starting in Billups' place,  Anthony Carter  saw his first action of the year as Lawson's backup. Carter was scoreless but added three assists and three steals in 15 minutes. . . . Denver center  Chris Andersen , returning from knee surgery, also made his season debut with seven points and three rebounds in 18 minutes. . . . The Warriors announced before the game that Wright will miss the team's three-game Thanksgiving road trip and have his lower back injury reevaluated next week. . . . Lee, who hasn't played since Nov. 10, told reporters before the game that he will get his IV line -- which has been used to treat his badly infected left elbow -- removed in the next couple of days. He might join the team on the upcoming trip, although it's more likely that he'll be back Nov. 30, when the Warriors return home to face San Antonio. UP NEXT:  For the Nuggets, Friday vs. Chicago, Sunday vs. Phoenix, Dec. 1 vs. Milwaukee. For the Warriors, Wednesday at Houston, Friday at Memphis, Saturday at Minnesota.  