  Notebook: Celtics 105, Warriors 103 Posted Thursday March 15, 2012 2:13AM By Geoff Lepper, for NBA.com THE FACTS:   Kevin Garnett  scored 24 points, including a go-ahead jumper with 6.6 seconds remaining that proved the difference as the Boston Celtics beat the Golden State Warriors 105-103 Wednesday. Garnett knocked down an open 20-footer from the left side after  Paul Pierce  drew two Warriors to him and kicked the ball out to the perimeter, giving the Celtics their eighth win in the last 10 games. Brandon Bass  had a season-high 22 points for Boston, including six in the final 3:21, and added a team-high nine rebounds. Warriors rookie guard  Klay Thompson  put up a career-high 26 points to lead all scorers, but Golden State's winning streak was stopped at three straight. Nate Robinson , filling in for injured point guard  Stephen Curry , had 20 points, 11 assists and five rebounds, but missed on a 3-pointer with 3.3 seconds left as Golden State went for the victory.  David Lee  contributed 22 points and eight boards. QUOTABLE:  "Simple play. Kept it very simple. Paul had the one-on-one, they cut it off, he came to me and I hit it. We call it, 'Madison Square Garden.'"   -- Kevin Garnett, on his game-winning shot THE STAT:  Boston has been one of the league's worst rebounding teams this year, but the Celtics outboarded the Warriors 37-33, including 10 on the offensive end, an area of particular weakness. Rookie  Greg Stiemsma  collected five offensive rebounds to help Boston outscore Golden State 16-10 in terms of second-chance points. TURNING POINT:  Having dealt  Monta Ellis  -- the NBA's ninth-leading scorer at 21.9 points per game -- to Milwaukee on Tuesday, the Warriors knew they would have to win through collective defensive effort. But the Celtics shredded them in the fourth quarter, going 10-for-15 in the period. Garnett was 5-for-5 from the floor in the fourth, and had 12 points in the fourth. QUOTABLE II:  "Kevin was Kevin. He's been unbelievable this run. Since he's been at the 5, he's been absolutely sensational for us."   -- Celtics coach  Doc Rivers HOT:  Former Warriors swingman  Mickael Pietrus  came out swinging against his original NBA team, going 5-for-6 on 3-pointers and dishing out three assists. QUOTABLE III:  "I thought our bench won the game for us. Pietrus, clearly we just need to tell him we're playing Golden State every night."   -- Doc Rivers NOT:  The Warriors shot 52.6 percent from the floor for the night as a whole, but they were done in by their 2-for-13 performance behind the 3-point arc in the second half. ROOKIE WATCH:  With Ellis gone, Thompson has inherited the shooting guard spot, and looks in no hurry to let it go. Coming off a 6-for-19 performance Tuesday in Sacramento, Thompson was a force all over the floor Wednesday, although his four assists were offset by four turnovers. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Warriors general manager  Larry Riley  said before the game that Curry wouldn't play again until his oft-injured right ankle is "100 percent." That could mean big minutes for Robinson, who went 10-for-14 Wednesday on 2-point shots, consistently slicing through a porous Boston defense en route to his first game with at least 20 points and 10 assists since Feb. 11, 2009. BAD MOVE:  The Warriors had 3-point shooters such as Thompson (44.3 percent) and  Brandon Rush  (47.1 percent) spreading the floor on their final possession, as coach  Mark Jackson  felt his short-handed club didn't have the energy for overtime after playing four times in five nights. But Robinson -- who had missed his each of previous four 3-pointers on the night -- took the inbounds pass and hoisted away, pulling his trey well short. NOTABLE:  Lee left the game with 9:31 remaining in the second quarter after Stiemsma opened a large gash over Lee's right eyebrow. Lee hit both free throws before adjourning to the locker room. He received six stitches to close the cut, and returned with 2:46 left in the period. . . . Stiemsma set a career high with eight rebounds. . . . This is only the Celtics' second win in their last eight visits to Oracle Arena. UP NEXT:  For the Warriors, Friday vs. Milwaukee, Saturday @ Utah, Monday vs. Minnesota. For the Celtics, Friday @ Sacramento, Saturday @ Denver, Monday @ Atlanta.  