Notebook: Rockets 114, Bucks 104 
 
 
 Matt Miller, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Jan 18, 2014 11:35 PM - Updated Sun Jan 19, 2014 12:45 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Bucks' loss to the Rockets dropped them to 0-8 in 2014, 0-14 against winning teams and 0-16 when their opponents make at least 45.0 percent of their field-goal attempts.  
 
 THE LEAD:   Terrence Jones  exploded for a career-high 36 points on 14-for-20 shooting and 11 rebounds to lead the Houston Rockets past the Milwaukee Bucks 114-104 on Saturday at Toyota Center.  Dwight Howard  added 20 points and 14 boards for Houston (27-15), which won for the fourth time in its last five games behind a dominant performance on the interior.  
 
 Brandon Knight  led Milwaukee (7-32), which fell to 1-12 against Western Conference competition and lost its fifth consecutive road game, with 26 points on 9-for-16 shooting. Reserve forward  John Henson  finished with a double-double of 20 points and 15 rebounds.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We just did not do a good job from a physical standpoint against this kid. He just manhandled us on hustle plays and second-effort plays. ... He beasted [sic] us, and he had a phenomenal game." 
 -- Bucks coach  Larry Drew 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Jones, who turned 22 on Jan. 9, is the second-youngest Rocket in franchise history to score more than 30 points.  Hakeem Olajuwon  poured in 42 points at Golden State on Dec. 6, 1984, 45 days shy of his 22nd birthday.   
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Bucks weren't doing much defending in the early stages of this contest, but their offense kept them within striking distance for the first quarter and change. This approach could not carry Milwaukee much further, however, as the Rockets scored on nine of 10 possessions during an 18-6 run that stretched their 33-28 lead to 51-34 with less than 5:30 remaining before halftime.  
 
 HOT:  Jones spearheaded the Rockets' second-quarter surge, netting 21 points on 7-for-7 shooting in that period. Jones' hot streak had more to do with the Bucks' shoddy defense and lack of physicality than his own dominance, as the 6-foot-9 forward simply hustled mightily in transition and fought with tenacity on the boards to earn easy buckets.  
 
 NOT:  Houston's  Chandler Parsons  delivered a quiet performance in nearly 37 minutes on the court, finishing with a season low-tying eight points on 3-for-10 shooting and two assists.  
 
 GOOD MOVE:  The Rockets showed no ill effects from Thursday's embarrassing second-half display in which they scored a franchise-low 19 points. Houston pushed the tempo, shared the ball and generated shots exactly where it wanted on the floor, as it scored its first 94 points either in the paint, at the free-throw line or behind the 3-point arc.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "There wasn't really too much that needed to be said [about Thursday]. I think a lot of guys showed it with their play. ... I was just playing through our offense and guys were just finding me on cuts and [I] just tried to grab offensive rebounds. It was just coming to me tonight." 
 --  Terrence Jones 
 
 
 BAD MOVE:  The Bucks' big men allowed Howard and Jones to bully them on the boards throughout the game, and they failed to box out in several instances. The lack of fundamentals and effort near the rim from Milwaukee allowed the Rockets to record a 22-9 edge in second-chance points.  
 
 NOTABLE:  Rockets guard  Patrick Beverley , who has not played since suffering a fractured right hand Dec. 21 in Detroit, was a full participant at shootaround Saturday morning and said he has his sights set on returning to the lineup Monday against Portland. ... Reserve big man  Greg Smith  and veteran wing  Francisco Garcia  missed the game for Houston with knee injuries. Both players are listed as day-to-day and are doubtful for Monday's contest. ... The Bucks'  Luke Ridnour  remained a starter, as  Khris Middleton  came off the bench for the second game in a row since recovering from a left ankle injury. ... Milwaukee guard  Gary Nea l sat out due to a stomach illness, although Neal was a DNP-CD in each of the previous five games after getting into a dispute with teammate  Larry Sanders  on Jan. 4 in Phoenix. ... Ridnour and Sanders were each assessed technical fouls, in the second and third quarters respectively, for griping at the officials. ... Jones has posted six double-doubles over his last eight games. ... Houston, which poured in 66 points in the paint, has scored at least 35 in the paint in every game this season. ... The Rockets improved to 9-0 at home and 13-3 overall this season against Eastern Conference foes. ... The Bucks have lost 11 of 12 overall and nine of 10 on the road. ... Middleton has shot 9-for-44 (20.5 percent) and scored a total of 21 points over his last five games.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Bucks: Sunday @ San Antonio, Wednesday vs. Detroit, Friday @ Cleveland. For the Rockets: Monday vs. Portland, Wednesday vs. Sacramento, Friday vs. Memphis. 
