  Timberwolves-Nuggets notebook   By Michael Kelly, for NBA.com Posted Sunday April 10, 2011 12:42AM THE FACTS:   Ty Lawson  hit 10 3-pointers en route to a career-high 37 points and the Denver Nuggets beat the Minnesota Timberwolves 130-106 on Saturday to move within a game of clinching the No. 5 seed in the Western Conference. The Nuggets can secure the fifth seed with a win it their last two games. QUOTABLE:  "I felt I couldn't miss. I was hitting tough shots, fadeaways, all that stuff. I was in that zone. One time in high school I had 55 and I was in that zone. It felt the same."   -- Lawson. THE STAT:  Lawson was a shot away from setting an NBA record for most 3-pointers made without a miss in one game. His 28-foot running heave at the third quarter buzzer made him 10-for-11 and denied him a place in the history books. The Nuggets did set a franchise record with 19 3-pointers. TURNING POINT:  Leading by one with 5:02 left in the half, the Nuggets used their inside-outside game effectively. They hit layups and when contested underneath kicked out to open shooters to knock down 3-pointers. It led to a 19-4 run that gave them a 65-51 halftime lead. HOT:  Lawson was unstoppable in the third quarter. He hit seven of his 3-pointers in the period and by himself outscored the Timberwolves 24-18. QUOTABLE II:  "Ah, man, I told him not to, too. Crazy shot like that. Not that one."    -- Nuggets guard  Raymond Felton , on Lawson's miss at the end of the third quarter. NOT:   Nene  leads the NBA in field goal percentage but his performance from the free-throw line was forgettable. The Nuggets center missed all eight of his foul shots but hit all five of his shots from the floor. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Lawson came into the game 0-for-April from beyond the arc but he was a fantasy gold mine Saturday. He set career highs in points, 3-pointers made and attempted, and his seven rebounds tied his career high. QUOTABLE III:  "It was a show. It was fun being a part of. It's somewhat unusual to get that hot. I just wish it was 10-for-10. He kind of ruined it by missing that last heave, but my coaching staff said that's my fault."    -- Nuggets coach  George Karl  on Lawson. INSIDE THE ARENA:  NASA astronaut  Steve Swanson , a Steamboat Springs, Colo., resident, presented the game ball at halfcourt before the opening tip. GOOD MOVE:  The Nuggets started attacking the rim in the second quarter and got control of the game. They turned a 35-28 deficit into a 43-39 lead by getting 15 points from layups, dunks and free throws. The penetration got Denver open perimeter shots and they took advantage of them. BAD MOVE:  The injuries keep mounting for the Nuggets. They started the game without  Arron Afflalo  (hamstring),  Chris Andersen  (right ankle sprain) and  Wilson Chandler  (left ankle sprain) and then lost  Danilo Gallinari  to a sprained right ankle in the first quarter. He did not return but he said postgame he didn't think it was serious. ROOKIE WATCH:  Timberwolves guard  Wesley Johnson  had 13 points and six rebounds. He has scored in double figures in the last three games. NOTABLE:  Fifteen players scored in double figures -- eight for the Nuggets and seven for the Timberwolves. UP NEXT:  For the Timberwovles, Monday @ Phoenix, Wednesday vs. Houston. For the Nuggets, Monday vs. Golden State, Wednesday @ Utah.  