Notebook: Hawks 112, Kings 96 
 
 
 James Ham, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Nov 17, 2012 1:11 AM - Updated Sat Nov 17, 2012 1:17 AM 
 
 THE FACTS:  Playing their final game of a four-game western road trip, the Atlanta Hawks looked like the well-rested home team Friday, beating the Sacramento Kings 112-96. 
 
 Kyle Korver  lit the Kings up for 22 points on 7-for-9 shooting, including 5-for-5 from behind the 3-point line.   Al Horford  won the big man battle, finishing with 20 points and 10 rebounds, while  Lou Williams  provided 21 points and five assists off the bench for the Hawks (4-4). 
 
 Jason Thompson  led the Kings, finishing with 19 points and 10 rebounds.   Marcus Thornton  and  Aaron Brooks  played well off the bench, combining for 30 points for the Kings (2-7). 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "The fans have every right.  When we play great basketball, they applaud it, cheer it, did everything.  They have a right.  I would boo this team right now as well.  Boo me as well.  When the fans pay their hard earned money to come to a game, they want to see a team that plays hard and with passion." 
 -- Kings coach  Keith Smart 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Hawks outscored the Kings by 14 points in both the first and third quarters.   It's hard to recover from quarters like that to start a game or a half. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  With two days to prepare for the road weary Hawks, the Kings got ran out of their own gym in the first quarter.  The Kings fought back, but fell apart again after the break. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "You know you can only say the word young for so long.  You know.  You're young if you only have 40 games in your career.  You're young if you only have 80.  Soon as you crack into your second, third, fourth year, fifth year, you know, you're not young anymore."  
 -- Kings'  Chuck Hayes 
 
 
 HOT: Jeff Teague  was unstoppable in the first quarter, scoring 13 points on 6-for-7 shooting and leading the Hawks to a 14-point lead going to the second.  Once he got hot, there was very little that  Isaiah Thomas  could do to slow him down. 
 
 HOT II:  For as good as Teague was in the first quarter for the Hawks, the tandem of Brooks and Thornton matched him in the second.  Brooks dropped in 13 points on 5-for-6 shooting, including 3-for-4 from distance, while Thornton scored 10 points and grabbed three rebounds, all before the half.   
 
 NOT:   James Johnson  continued his season long shooting slump, scoring just two points on 1-for-7 shooting.  Through the first nine games of the season, the Kings starting small forward is shooting 31.8 percent from the field and has yet to hit a 3-point basket (0-for-8). 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Clearly the Hawks guards have the green light from their coach  Larry Drew .  Teague and Williams torched the Kings, shooting at will all game long. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  The Kings starting lineup killed them Friday against the Hawks.  They dug holes in both the first and third quarters that the bench unit could not quite recover from.  
 
 NOTABLE:  After missing back to back games due to suspension, center  DeMarcus Cousins  set a new Kings season high with seven assists.  The talented big man out of Kentucky added nine points and 14 rebounds, but picked up his third technical foul of the season. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Hawks, Monday vs. Orlando, Wednesday vs. Washington, Friday @ Charlotte. For the Kings, Sunday vs. Brooklyn, Wednesday vs. L.A. Lakers, Friday @ Utah.  
