  Notebook: Sixers 98, Hawks 87   By Matt Winkeljohn, for NBA.com Posted Saturday February 4, 2012 11:27PM THE FACTS:  In a meeting of 16-7 teams, each smarting from a loss in their previous game, the outcome Saturday in Philips Arena was not predictable. The host Hawks were routed 98-87 by the 76ers, and it was only that close because the Hawks found some energy over the final six minutes of the game. The 76ers, who collapsed in the fourth quarter of Friday's 99-79 loss to the Heat, beat Atlanta with balance as rookie reserve center  Nikola Vucevic  scored a career-high 15 points and was one of four subs and six Philadelphia players overall to score 10 or more points. Thaddeus Young  and  Evan Turner  each scored 14 off the bench, and the Sixers were buoyed by the return of starting center  Spencer Hawes . He had 14 points after missing eight straight games with a strained Achilles' tendon. Jeff Teague  paced the Hawks with 21 points, rookie reserve forward-center Ivan Johnson added 14 points and 13 rebounds, and  Josh Smith  blocked a season-high seven shots. But after a 4-1 road trip, the Hawks have lost back-to-back home games against Memphis and Philly without really competing past the middle of the second quarter in either game. QUOTABLE:  "Four games in six nights, the emotional game [Friday] night against Miami . . . I can't tell you how proud I am of the guys."   -- 76ers coach  Doug Collins . THE STAT:  Light on bodies in the middle because of injuries to centers Al Horford and Jason Collins, the Hawks were out-scored 54-38 in the paint. They've given up112 points in the paint in their last two games, both at home, including Thursday's blowout loss to Memphis. TURNING POINT:  Leading by just one in the middle of the second quarter, the 76ers seized the game with a 9-0 run in a horrible sequence for the Hawks. Jodie Meeks,  who prepped just outside of Atlanta before attending Kentucky, made a three-pointer, and then after  Tracy McGrady  missed a jumper at the other end, Philadelphis scored on four straight possessions. Atlanta turned the ball over on three of the next four possessions -- all at point-blank range. The Hawks turned the ball over three straight times in that sequence. Philadelphia took a 40-30 lead in that time, and after Teague made a three-pointer, the 76ers scored their next four baskets from within six feet of the goal as part of a 26-11 run over the final 7:17 of the second quarter. Atlanta was out-scored 37-20 in the second quarter. The Hawks began the season 8-1 at home but have lost two straight in Philips Arena. QUOTABLE II:  "Tonight was one of those games where somebody was going to lose two in a row, and it wasn't going to be us."   -- Louis Williams HOT:  Philly forward  Andre Iguodala  was just 3-for-15 from the field, but he had a game-high 10 assists, and has averaged 7.2 over the past five games. . . .  Ivan Johnson  had six points and seven rebounds in the first quarter in just 5:50, but that was about the end of the good news for Atlanta, which led 21-20 after one period. Then again, Johnson had eight points and three rebounds in the third quarter. . . . Teague scored 15 of his 21 points in the second half, including 10 in the fourth quarter. . . . Young made 6-of-12 shots, and has now made 20-of-38 over the past three games. NOT:  J. Smith made just 2-of-11 shots for nine points, his third single-digit game in the past four for the Hawks. He's made 13-of-37 shots in that time. ROOKIE WATCH:  Ivan Johnson continued to impress. Forced to play out of position at times at center because of injuries to Atlanta centers  Al Horford  and  Jason Collins , he consistently out-worked opponents and used a diversified game as well. Powerful inside, he's not afraid to shoot a jumper out to about 18 feet. Johnson, though, struggled on the defensive end to match the size of Hawes. ... In his first NBA start, Philadelphia forward  Lavoy Allen  -- working in place of the injured  Elton Brand  -- had four points and four rebounds, and Collins said after the game he was especially pleased with the young man's defense. NOTABLE:  The Hawks cut the 76ers' lead to 94-85 on  Joe Johnson's  jumper with 1:45 left in the game, but Louis Williams -- who like Meek prepped just outside of Atlanta -- scored consecutive buckets for the kill. He also grabbed the last rebound for Philadelphia. ...The Hawks are 13-0 against teams that are .500 or better, and 3-8 otherwise.  UP NEXT:  For the 76ers, Monday vs. Lakers, Wednesday vs. Spurs, Friday vs. Clippers. For the Hawks, Monday vs. Suns, Wednesday vs. Pacers, Friday @ Magic.  