  Lakers-Jazz notebook   By Andrew Aragon, for NBA.com Posted Saturday November 27, 2010 1:00AM THE FACTS:  The Utah Jazz, led by  Deron Williams , rallied from a 19-point deficit to defeat the Los Angeles Lakers 102-96 on Friday night. Williams had 29 points and 12 assists and the Jazz scored the game's final 11 points to hand the Lakers just their third loss of the season. Al Jefferson, acquired to help Utah match-up better against Los Angeles, had 20 points and eight rebounds. Kobe Bryant  had 31 points and was masterful for the Lakers in the fourth quarter. He scored L.A.'s final 14 points. QUOTABLE:  "It looked pretty bleak out there in the early part of the ballgame when they got out to a pretty good lead on us. Again, our second group came in and gave us a tremendous lift. They got the fans behind us. Their energy jumped up a great deal.""  --  Jazz coach  Jerry Sloan  on his team coming back from being down 19 points and the spark his second unit provided in the second quarter THE STAT:  42-38. The Jazz beat the Lakers on the boards in Friday's game, holding a slight 42-38 edge. Utah, before Wednesday's win over the Hornets, had been outrebounded in six straight games. Now the Jazz have won the rebound battle in two straight games, and doing it against the Lakers has almost been unheard of in recent matchups with the NBA champs. TURNING POINT:  There was no bigger turning point than the game's final 2:32 when the Jazz outscored the Lakers 11-0. Los Angeles missed its last five shots, while Williams hit a 3-pointer and assisted on baskets by  Paul Millsap  and  Raja Bell  to help Utah pull away. Just as important as the game-clinching rally was Utah's spectacular second quarter. After falling behind by 19 points early on, the Jazz held the Lakers to 19 percent shooting in the second quarter. The Jazz went on an 11-0 run before halftime, and made up the entire 19-point deficit before the break. QUOTABLE II:  "You could take the softest player in the league and put him on the Jazz and he's going to turn into a tough guy. That's just how Sloan teaches them."  --Bryant on Utah's physical play HOT:  Bryant didn't miss a shot in the fourth quarter. He made three 3-pointers, three free throws and a field goal. Williams shot 4-for-5 in the fourth quarter and had five assists. NOT:  Lakers newcomer Steve Blake had a terrible shooting night. He shot 0-for-7, scoring no points. He also fouled Williams on a shot attempt with 4.1 seconds left in the third quarter. Williams then made both free throws, stretching Utah's lead to 75-72 going into the final period. Derek Fisher also struggled, shooting 1-for-7 with four points. For the Jazz, C.J. Miles shot 1-for-7 and had four points. INSIDE THE ARENA:  The Lakers didn't bring any A-list celebrities with them to Utah, but they did have a ton of fans inside EnergySolutions Arena. The presence of the L.A. fans, at least early in the game, at times neutralized what's usually a significant homecourt advantage for Utah. Once the Jazz got rolling, however, their fans were as loud as they are in playoff games. GOOD MOVE:  After being torched by Bryant's 14 straight points in the fourth quarter, Sloan doubled him, forcing some other Laker to beat the Jazz-- and they couldn't. Pau Gasol missed an open look, and  Ron Artest  missed two shots while the game was still in reach for the Lakers. BAD MOVE:  With the Jazz trailing 96-93,  Andrei Kirilenko  nearly cost Utah the game with a bad shot. He had a wide-open look at a 3-pointer, and he missed -- badly -- with an airball. The Jazz, however, got an offensive rebound, and following a shot-clock malfunction tied the game with a 3-pointer by Williams. ROOKIE WATCH:  Jazz rookie  Gordon Hayward  played a little more than four minutes and grabbed a couple rebounds. NOTABLE:   Earl Watson  scored a season-high eight points -- with all of them coming in the second quarter. Williams recorded his ninth double-double of the season. The Jazz have won just three of their last 10 games against the Lakers. Gasol had his 13th double-double of the season with 21 points and 11 rebounds. L.A. shot 68.4 percent in the first quarter. UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Sunday, vs. Pacers, Tuesday @ Grizzlies, Wednesday @ Rockets. For the Jazz, Sunday @ Clippers, Monday vs. Bucks, Wednesday vs. Pacers.  