  Celtics-Wizards notebook   By Rich Dubroff, for NBA.com  Posted Saturday January 22, 2011 11:20PM THE FACTS:   John Wall 's 3-pointer with 57.7 seconds left broke a tie and led the Washington Wizards to an 85-83 win over the Boston Celtics on Saturday. Wall added a free throw with .4 seconds to play. The Wizards held Boston to just 11 points in the fourth quarter.  Rashard Lewis  led Washington with 18 points and 11 rebounds. Wall had 16 points, and  JaVale McGee  had 16. The Celtics, who played without the injured  Shaquille O'Neal , outscored the Wizards 35-20 in the first quarter, and had just 48 in the final three quarters.  Kevin Garnett  led Boston, which had a five game-winning streak broken, with 17. Ray Allen had 16. QUOTABLE:  "We got down 15 and usually when that happens on the road, we just give up."   -- John Wall on the difference between tonight and the 20 straight road games Washington has lost. THE STAT:  Boston missed 18 of 23 shots in the fourth quarter and scored just 11 points in the fourth quarter -- its worst quarter of the season. TURNING POINT:  The Wizards never led until Wall scored on a layup with 2:35 remaining. Wall hit three of his four shots in the fourth quarter to outperform  Rajon Rondo  in their first matchup. QUOTABLE II:  "We came out, played hard, and then I thought we went showtime. I really felt we deserved to lose the game."  -- Boston coach  Doc Rivers   HOT:  No one was particularly hot in this game, but Wall did have a decent line against Rondo -- 7-for-12 from the field, six rebounds and four assists. NOT:  Washington G  Nick Young  shot just 1-for-13 and finished with six points. In his previous four games he averaged 25 points. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Wall was shooting 39 percent entering the game, and after his second 7-for-12 shooting game this week, perhaps he's heading into premier point guard territory. GOOD MOVE:  No one has ever heard of  Mustafa Shakur , who the Wizards signed to a 10-day contract on Saturday afternoon. Shakur, who was playing for the Rio Grande Valley Vipers of the NBA D-League, played a creditable 10 minutes in his NBA debut -- scoring five points with five assists. Shakur took the place of  Kirk Hinrich , who has a sprained right elbow. BAD MOVE:  Washington F  Andray Blatche , who had earlier been called for a technical foul, arguing about a foul call with referee James Capers. Wizards coach  Flip Saunders  quickly tried to sub for Blatche, who continued chirping. Capers saved Blatche from being ejected by quickly waving  Rashard Lewis  into the game. ROOKIE WATCH:  Besides Wall and Shakur, C  Kevin Seraphin  played 10 scoreless minutes for Washington, and F  Trevor Booker  didn't score in four minutes. With O'Neal out with a sore right hip,  Semih Erden  started at center and had 11 rebounds -- his best effort -- and six points.. INSIDE THE ARENA:  20,278 -- the Wizards' second sellout of the season, watched the game. Their only previous sellout came when Miami visited on Dec. 18. NOTABLE:  The teams went an excruciating 3:53 without scoring in the fourth quarter. The Celtics missed eight shots and allowed the Wizards to snatch the game away.. . UP NEXT:  For the Celtics, Tuesday vs. Cavaliers, Thursday @ Blazers, Friday @ Suns. For the Wizards, Monday @ Knicks, Tuesday vs. Nuggets, Friday @Thunder  