  Wizards-Suns notebook   By Mike Tulumello, for NBA.com Posted Monday December 6, 2010 12:24AM THE FACTS: Steve Nash  hit every shot he took as the Phoenix Suns rolled to a 125-108 win Sunday night over the visiting Washington Wizards. Nash hit all eight of his shots from the field, including one 3-pointer, and nailed his three free throws. The result: a 20-point, 17-assist game with just two turnovers. Hakim Warrick , scored a season-high 26 off the bench while  Jason Richardson  added 21. The Suns shot 58 percent. And, in a rarity for them, they outrebounded the Wizards 43-37. For the Wizards,  Andray Blatche  had 24 points, while reserve  Nick Young  added 20. The win is a season-high-tying third straight for the Suns (11-9). And it's their eighth straight over the Wizards. QUOTABLE:  "We're doing a great job with our spacing. When you have a guy who can roll down the lane and finish, they have to decide how to play it."    -- Suns coach  Alvin Gentry  on Warrick THE STAT:  Warrick had his fourth 20-point night in 20 games. He had just seven 20-plus outputs in 76 games last season. TURNING POINT:  When the Suns went to their superior bench. They trailed 26-16 late in the first quarter, but their bench firepower (59 points) allowed them to pull ahead by halftime, 64-61, and blow the game open after the break. QUOTABLE II:  "He's still one of the top five point guards."    -- Suns guard Richardson on Nash FANTASY SPOTLIGHT: Earl Barron , a recent Suns acquisition, had seven points and eight rebounds in nearly 17 minutes. Barron, who has started at center the past three games, is averaging 3.0 points and 3.4 boards. Barron, who frequently rebounds his own missed shots, is shooting just 25 percent (8-for-31). ROOKIE WATCH: John Wall  shot 4-for-14 and finished with 12 points, 12 assists and four turnovers for the Wizards. He also had the unenviable task of guarding Nash, a situation Wizards coach  Flip Saunders  called "a rookie indoctrination." NOTABLE:  According to research available after the game, Nash's game marks only the fifth time since the NBA-ABA merger in 1976 that a player has had 17 or more assists in a game in which he made all his shots. Nash now has two such performances ( John Stockton ,  Mark Jackson  and  Magic Johnson  are the others). UP NEXT:  For the Wizards, Tuesday @ L.A. Lakers, Wednesday @ Sacramento and Friday vs. Knicks. For the Suns, Tuesday @ Portland, Wednesday vs. Grizzlies and Friday vs. Trail Blazers.  