Notebook:  Magic 102, Timberwolves 93 
 
 
 Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Mon Dec 17, 2012 11:18 PM - Updated Mon Dec 17, 2012 11:23 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:   Glen Davis  and  J.J. Redick  led a fourth-quarter rally that helped the Orlando Magic overtake the Minnesota Timberwolves, 102-93. Davis finished with a game-high 28 points while Redick had seven of his 18 points and four assists in the fourth quarter. 
 
 Kevin Love  had 23 points and 15 rebounds for the Timberwolves, who dominated the paint in the first half and led, 68-53, early in the second half. The loss ended Minnesota's four-game winning streak. 
 The Magic have won three straight for the first time this season. 
 
 THE STAT:  Minnesota's front-court trio of Love,  Andrei Kirilenko  and  Nikola Pekovic  combined for 43 points (on 17-for-29 shooting in the first half, and 12 points (on 6-for-22 shooting) in the second half. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I didn't like the way we played in the first half. I don't think anyone on our team did . . . We let Pekovic and Love just go off in the first half, and in the third quarter we started clamping down defensively and (the Timberwolves) scored 32 points in the second half." 
 -- Redick. 
 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "It build down to who was going to be the aggressor; that was my message at halftime. Real simple, that team was going to win. It was greg to see our bigs take that challenge on and play with extreme physicality." 
 -- Magic coach  Jacque Vaughn . 
 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Minnesota led by seven in the third quarter when  Jameer Nelson  missed a 3-point shot, but  Josh McRoberts  slid in from the side and slammed down the rebound, bringing the crowd into the game. 
 
 HOT:  The Magic shot 54 percent for the game and 63 percent (12-for-19) in the fourth quarter. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "They got confidence and they started running out on us. We didn't get back.. When you get confidence, especially down the stretch of a game like that, it is tough to be stopped. They got all the bounces that went their way and it was a tale of two halves." 
 -- Love. 
 
 
 NOT:  The Timberwolves shot 7-for-21 in the final quarter. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  McRoberts, who did not get off the bench in five of the preceding seven games, played 23 minutes and gave the Magic a physical and emotional lift. He had a plus-minus of plus-15. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  The Timberwolves started the fourth quarter with a three-guard lineup that included  Alexei Shved ,  Jose Berea  and  Ricky Rubio . They missed six of seven shots and turned the ball over twice in a four-minute span in which a four-point lead turned into a three-point deficit. 
 
 IN THE ARENA:  The crowd of 16,992 showed its approval of the second-half rally with a spontaneous and enthusiastic standing ovation in the closing minutes. 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Rubio's comeback might take a while. In only his second game back from a knee injury sustained last March, the 22-year-old Minnesota guard played 16 scoreless minutes with four assists and three turnovers. "I think he's just trying a little bit too hard. It'll come in time," said Minnesota coach  Rick Adelman . 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Shved and Magic rookies  Maurice Harkless  and  Andrew Nicholson  were non-factors. Nicholson, one of the more productive NBA rookies in the last two weeks, went scoreless in 11 minutes. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Magic center  Nikola Vucevic  had his third-straight double-digit rebound game with 11. ... Only 20 free throws (12 by Minnesota) were shot in the game. ... The Magic have won eight of their last nine against the Timberwolves.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Timberwolves: Tuesday @ Miami, Thursday vs. Oklahoma City, Sunday @ New York. For the Magic: Wednesday vs. Washington, Friday @ Toronto, Sunday vs. Utah. 
