
 Knicks-Sixers notebook   By Mike Vorkunov, for NBA.com Posted Sunday November 7, 2010 3:37PM THE FACTS:  Despite missing  Andre Iguodala , the Philadelphia 76ers came away with a 106-96 victory over the New York Knicks at Madison Square Garden. Philadelphia had five players score in double-figures, led by  Elton Brand 's team-high 20 points. The win was just their second of the season and ended New York's two-game winning streak. QUOTABLE:  "That stuff happens when you try to dig yourself out a hole and we've been in a hole here for a few years. We don't have that swagger and that's where we've lost it a little bit."  -  Mike D'Antoni  as to why the Knicks went cold down the stretch. THE STAT:   Lou Williams  did not have a good game shooting from the floor but still managed to score 19 points, sparking Philadelphia off the bench. He used an array of fakes to get his points. Three times he got a New York defender into the air on a shot fake to earn a foul and free throws. Williams went 12-14 from the line for the game. TURNING POINT:  After taking a 92-90 lead, the Knicks went cold and missed six straight shots. Philadelphia responded with an 16-4 run to take final control of the game.  Evan Turner 's steal and lay-up finish off an  Amar'e Stoudemire  pass was the dagger. HOT:  In his last three games  Toney Douglas  has been red-hot. Averaging 18.7 points per game, he has given the Knicks a scorer and more than capable replacement for when  Raymond Felton  is on the bench. More importantly, during those three games he has 11 steals. New York's defensive aggressiveness starts with him and it's no coincidence they've gone 2-1 during those three games. NOT:  The Knicks won their previous two games with hot shooting from beyond the three-point arc. Against the 76ers, their hot shooting went cold and the meager winning streak ended. Against the Bulls and Wizards, the Knicks hit 52.8 percent of their 53 three-point tries. Against Philadelphia, they shot 3-19 from beyond the arc. INSIDE THE ARENA:  The front row at the Garden turned into Comedian's row.  Chris Rock  sat a few seats down from  Tracey Morgan .  Spike Lee  sat in his usual seat. ROOKIE WATCH:  Evan Turner was the No. 2 overall pick in the draft while  Landry Fields  was picked in the second round; both got the start Sunday. Turner scored 14 points, grabbed ten rebounds but turned the ball over in his first career start. Fields scored eight points, had five rebounds and the Knicks outscored Philadelphia by 15 points when he was on the court. NOTABLE:  The Knicks suddenly went cold in the fourth-quarter and were outscored by Philadelphia 26-15 in the final period. Coming into the quarter they were hitting 47.5 percent of their shots. But they hit just five of their 24 shots in the fourth quarter with Raymond Felton and Toney Douglas missing their combined eight shots. UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Tuesday @ Milwaukee, Wednesday vs. Golden State, Friday @ Minnesota. For the 76ers, Wednesday @ Oklahoma City, Friday @ Dallas, Saturday @ San Antonio. 
