Notebook: Jazz 113, Mavericks 94 
 
 
 Andrew Aragon, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Thu Nov 01, 2012 12:26 AM - Updated Thu Nov 01, 2012 12:26 AM 
 
 THE FACTS:  The Utah Jazz's offseason makeover was supposed to make the team better from beyond the 3-point line, and help it play a more up-tempo, exciting brand of basketball.  
    After one game, mission accomplished.  
    The suddenly high-scoring Jazz blew open a 113-94 victory over the Dallas Mavericks in the third quarter on Wednesday night, providing more treats than tricks for their fans on Halloween night. Utah's new  Williamses  --  Marvin and Mo  -- led the way with 21 points apiece.  
 
 Paul Millsap  chipped in 13 points and 15 rebounds for Utah, and newcomer  Randy Foye  had 13 points.   Darren Collison  scored a team-high 17 points for the second straight night for Dallas.   
 
 QUOTABLE:  "When you get beat by 24 in a quarter that is a convincing beating. We just didn't match their aggression in the third and that was the difference in the game."
--M avericks coach  Rick Carlisle  on his team getting outscored 37-13 in the third quarter. 
 
 THE STAT:  Before the game, Carlisle called the Jazz "a wrecking crew in the paint" and was concerned with the rebounding challenges Utah posed to his team -- and for good reason, the contest showed. Utah obliterated Dallas on the boards with a 61-40 rebounding advantage. That rebounding edge led to other one-sided stats: The Jazz outscored the Mavs 44-30 in the paint, and 21-8 in second-chance points. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Mo and  Marvin Williams  helped the Jazz take control in the third quarter with a barrage of 3-pointers and drives to the basket. Mo Williams broke a 74-74 tie with back-to-back 3-pointers and a lay-in. Marvin Williams then drained a 3-pointer from the left corner to complete an 11-0 run. After a basket by the Mavericks'  Bernard James ,  Enes Kanter  blocked a shot and hustled to the other end to sink a jumper. Marvin Williams then made a layup to give Utah an insurmountable 89-76 advantage.  
 
 HOT:  While the Jazz were led by a balanced effort with six players scoring in double figures and three players pulling down double-digit rebounds, Collison pretty much carried the Mavericks. He made his first three shots and dished a game-high seven assists.  
 
 NOT:  Maybe it was having to play back-to-back games this early in the season. Whatever the reason, the Mavericks fell apart in the third quarter. They shot just 5-for-22 in the third and committed six turnovers. They made just two baskets in the final 7:19 of the period. On the bright side for the Mavericks, they earned a split on a two-game road trip.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "That's just who they are. These guys are hungry and they compete against each other every day in practice. The way we execute our offense, they know they'll be in position to get offensive rebounds. They want to get the ball. You see them a lot of times, two guys fighting for a rebound. It's a great thing."
--Jazz coach  Tyrone Corbin  on his team's rebounding prowess, specifically Millsap, Al Jefferson (14 boards) and  Derrick Favors  (10 rebounds). 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  The foundation for the Jazz's win in their home opener was laid during the offseason. They needed to improve their 3-point shooting and the additions of Foye, Mo and Marvin Williams drastically make them a more dangerous team from the outside. They combined to shoot 6-for-11 from long range, which is just what Utah's front office envisioned when it acquired the three players. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  It wasn't a good night for Dallas'  Vince Carter . He shot just 3-for-12 while scoring 12 points. But his worst contribution of the night came when he got a technical foul shortly after he picked up his fifth personal foul of the game. After being whistled for an offensive foul, Carter said something offensive to an official and was "T'd"up. The Mavs led 70-69 at the time, but Carter's technical sparked the Jazz and their crowd. Utah then outscored Dallas 23-6 in the final 5:17 of the third.  
 
 NOTABLE:  The Mavericks had won eight straight games on Halloween. Kanter had to leave the game in the first half after getting a cut on his face that required three stitches. He returned and finished with six points and seven rebounds. Millsap earned the 91st double-double of his career.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Mavericks, Saturday vs. Hornets, Monday vs. Trail Blazers, Wednesday vs. Raptors. For the Jazz, Friday @ New Orleans, Saturday @ San Antonio, Monday @ Memphis.  
