Notebook: Cavaliers 117, Nuggets 109 
 
 
 Michael Kelly, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Jan 18, 2014 1:46 AM - Updated Sat Jan 18, 2014 1:46 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Cavaliers have won two of their last three games in Denver. Before that the Cavs had dropped nine of 11 in the Mile High City. 
 
 THE LEAD:   Kyrie Irving  scored 23 points,  Tristan Thompson  had 20 points and 10 rebounds and the Cleveland Cavaliers built a double-digit lead in the third quarter before holding off the Denver Nuggets 117-109 on Friday night at Pepsi Center. 
 
 C.J. Miles  scored 19 points, including four free throws down the stretch to hold off a Denver rally. Five Cavaliers scored in double figures, including  Luol Deng , who finished with 18. 
 The Cavaliers finished their Western Conference road trip 3-2. 
 
 Wilson Chandler  led the Nuggets with 23 points and  Ty Lawson  had 19 and 11 assists. Denver has lost two of its last three. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "It definitely feels good to have a winning record on this road trip. We played our butts off, our bigs did a great job of rebounding this whole trip. We need that consistently. Usually we have it at home but to have it at on the road meant a lot."  
 --  Kyrie Irving 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Cavaliers attempted 35 free throws -- 16 more than the Nuggets -- and outscored them by 13 from the line. Cleveland continually drove to the bucket to draw 28 fouls on Denver. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  After  Nate Robinson  scored five of his 19 points in a span of eight seconds -- thanks to an inbounds steal and pass by Lawson -- to get the Nuggets within 105-102, the Cavaliers called a timeout. Robinson then committed a reach-in foul on Irving, who hit both free throws and Cleveland stretched the lead back to seven. Denver never seriously threatened after that. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "Nate gets a foul on Kyrie Irving just reaching in, and they're in the penalty. Now we go from a one-possession game to a just giving them two points from the free-throw line. We've got to be smarter in those situations."  
 -- Nuggets coach  Brian Shaw 
 
 
 HOT:  Irving has had a few good games against Denver. It's the second time this season he's scored 23 against them, and he's shooting 50 percent (18-for-36) in those games. 
 
 NOT:  The Nuggets disappeared in the second quarter when the Cavaliers took the lead for good. Cleveland shot 65.4 percent from the field in the period and outscored Denver 42-28. 
 
 QUOTABLE III : "That second quarter we gave them 42 points. That just killed us. Every other quarter we held them down. That second quarter killed us." 
 --  Randy Foye 
 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  Former NBA guard and Basketball Hall of Fame member  Gary Payton  was in attendance. He stopped by the Cavaliers locker room after the game.  
 
 GOOD MOVE:  The Cavaliers attacked the basket all night. At times they looked like the fresher team, not the one playing the final game of a five-game road trip. 
 
 QUOTABLE IV:  "We had each other's back because on the road it's us against the world. We had a lot of guys step up. We were aggressive with 35 free-throw attempts."  
 -- Cavaliers coach  Mike Brown 
 
 
 BAD MOVE:  The Nuggets fell in love with the 3-point shot while putting up a season-high 37 from long range. Although they hit 14 of them they took too many early in the shot clock and passed up some drives to the basket in favor of the long ball. 
 
 NOTABLE:  One of Deng's baskets in the third quarter was taken away after a video review showed he got the shot off after the shot clock expired. ... Nuggets center  Timofey Mozgov  had 10 points and 11 rebounds off the bench. ... Cleveland's  Anderson Varejao  finished with a game-high 16 rebounds. ... The Nuggets have allowed 116 or more points in three straight games. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Cavaliers, Monday vs. Dallas, Wednesday vs. Chicago, Friday vs. Milwaukee. For the Nuggets, Sunday @ Phoenix, Thursday @ Portland, Saturday, Jan. 25, vs. Indiana. 
