  Notebook: Knicks 99, Clippers 93 Posted Wednesday April 25, 2012 11:21PM By Adam Zagoria, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The Knicks will either be the No. 7 or No. 8 seed in the Eastern Conference after New York held off a late surge from the  Chris Paul -less Clippers, 99-93, at Madison Square Garden and the Orlando Magic won at home against the Charlotte Bobcats, 102-95. The Knicks will garner the No. 7 spot with either a win Thursday at Charlotte or a loss by the Philadelphia 76ers at Detroit. If the Knicks lose and the Sixers win, the Knicks would fall to No. 8. The question is: Whom do they want to play, the Miami Heat or the Chicago Bulls? In their final home game of the regular season,  J.R. Smith  paced the Knicks with 21 points off the bench and  Carmelo Anthony  added 17 without playing the fourth.  Tyson Chandler  tallied 11 points and five rebounds. Blake Griffin  led the Clippers with 29 points, 10 rebounds, six assists and two steals and  Randy Foye  added 28 points. The Clippers now need Memphis to lose to Orlando on Thursday to host a playoff opener against the Grizzlies at Staples Center this weekend. QUOTABLE:  "It don't matter who we play [in the playoffs] but I like to win. I'm going into the game [Thursday] with the idea that we're going to play a solid game and we're going to win a game."    --  Mike Woodson  on whether he will rest starters against Charlotte THE STAT:  The Clippers committed 14 turnovers that led to 20 Knicks points. TURNING POINT:  After the Clippers rattled off a 21-4 run to trim a 90-72 lead to 94-93, Smith hit a 19-foot jumper with 31 seconds left to make it 96-93. Smith added two more foul shots and Chandler had one for the game's final points. QUOTABLE II:  "There will be some limited minutes played [against Charlotte]. I'm not one to sit guys. They gotta tell me that they don't want to play."    -- Woodson WHO'S HOT:   Steve Novak  (14 points) and Smith came off the bench to go a combined 7-for-14 from beyond the arc for a combined 35 points. WHO'S NOT:  Clippers guard  Eric Bledsoe  went 1-for-5 with two points. NOTABLE:  Speaking with the media for the first time since having his own interim tag removed Tuesday, Knicks GM  Glen Grunwald  enthusiastically endorsed Woodson but declined to say whether Woodson will return next season. "Woody's done a fantastic job," Grunwald said. "I can't give him enough credit for the job he's done. Normally coaching changes don't result in such a dramatic improvement in a team's performance so I think that speaks very well of him." Since taking over for  Mike D'Antoni , Woodson is 16-6 and has led the Knicks to the postseason for the second consecutive year. They are the No. 7 seed entering this game. Still, Grunwald declined to say that Woodson would definitely return next year. "We are not talking about any staffing changes today," Grunwald said. "We need to stay focused on the moment. That's why I don't speak too often. INSIDE THE ARENA:   Kate Upton ,  Mark Sanchez ,  Santonio Holmes  and  Shonn Greene  of the Jets; and  Chris Snee  of the Giants sat courtside. Sanchez and Holmes were booed. UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Playoffs TBD. For the Clippers, Playoffs TBD.  