Notebook: Clippers107, Rockets 94 
 
 
 Matt Miller, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Nov 10, 2013 12:29 AM - Updated Sun Nov 10, 2013 12:29 AM 
 
 THE FACT: Chris Paul  posted his seventh consecutive double-double to begin the season, scoring 14 points and handing out 13 assists to help the Clippers cap a three-game road trip with a 107-94 victory in Houston on Saturday. 
 
 THE LEAD:  The Clippers quickly erased an 11-point third-quarter deficit and never looked back, dispatching the Rockets in closing time to claim their seventh win over Houston in the last eight meetings between these clubs.  
 
 Blake Griffin  paced L.A. (4-3), which snapped a two-game skid, with 22 points and seven rebounds, while  J.J. Redick  poured in 22 points on 8-for-15 shooting and collected four steals.  DeAndre Jordan  was rewarded for relentlessly crashing the glass, snatching 18 rebounds to go with 12 points.  Jamal Crawford  was just as vital in the Clippers' dominant closing stretch, netting 11 of his 16 points off the bench in the fourth quarter. 
 
 Chandler Parsons  led the Rockets (4-3), who have dropped three of four since beginning the season with a three-game winning streak, with 23 points and eight boards. Point guard  Patrick Beverley  delivered arguably the strongest performance of any of Houston's players, stuffing the stat sheet with a career-best 19 points, five rebounds, four steals and two blocks.  Dwight Howard  chipped in with 21 points and eight boards.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "Once we started defending -- you know, that third quarter -- we came out with a lot more purpose and a lot more passion. ... We showed up to the fight late, which we can't do. They were a little bit grittier and a little bit scrappier than us. Then we finally said enough was enough." 
 
 -- Paul on how his team transformed a double-digit deficit into a fairly comfortable win 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Rockets have not been nearly careful enough with the ball so far this season, especially against L.A. The Clippers have registered 27 points off turnovers in each of their two encounters with Houston, which has allowed an average of 21.2 points off an average of 19.0 turnovers in the six games since its season opener.    
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Clippers seemingly had no answers for Houston's offense through the first two-and-half quarters, but they were ready to pounce when the Rockets did not protect the ball. With L.A. trailing 71-60 with five minutes remaining in the third period, Houston committed turnovers on four of its next five possessions to spark an 18-0 Clippers run. The successful stretch boosted the confidence of L.A. and wore on the Rockets, setting the stage for the Clippers pulling away behind a powerful fourth-quarter effort. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We were on the line trying to get [our lead] to 13, and then it just snowballed from there. We missed some shots, and we started doubting it, and we stopped taking some shots that we needed to take. Then we made a lot of turnovers and just got really passive. We just got nothing from that point." 
 
 -- Houston coach  Kevin McHale  on the massive momentum swing 
 
 
 HOT:  Beverley thrived in the point-guard matchup against superstar Chris Paul, finishing with a career-high 19 points to go with a career-best four steals, five rebounds and two blocks. The second-year player out of the University of Arkansas frustrated Paul at times with his physicality and intensity, making life difficult for the man who torched the Rockets five nights ago on the West Coast.   
 
 NOT:  Houston guard  James Harden  delivered a dreadful performance playing on two sore feet. The NBA's third-leading scorer missed 11 of 15 shot attempts and finished with his lowest scoring output (12 points) of the young season.    
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Rivers trusted his two All-Stars -- Griffin and Paul -- leaving them in the game after both players picked up their fourth foul in the third period. Rivers' decision to stick with his starters paid dividends for the Clippers, who went on a game-changing run shortly after to ensure they would not have to worry about foul trouble for the remainder of the contest.  
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "I thought the biggest part of the game was Blake and Chris with four fouls. We left them in the game, and they didn't pick up the fifth, either one of them. I thought that was huge for us. That allowed us to get a run." 
 
 -- Rivers on why he did not go to his bench when Griffin and Paul were in foul trouble 
 
 
 BAD MOVE:  The Rockets seemed to have firm control of the game with Beverley lighting the fire, but he allowed Paul to bait him into a pair of fouls in an eight-second span midway through the third quarter. The tide turned immediately with Beverley watching from the bench, as L.A. picked up its energy and closed the quarter on a 16-4 run to claim its first lead since the opening period. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Clippers forward  Matt Barnes  missed his third consecutive game with a bruised right thigh. ... Paul has drained 37 consecutive free-throw attempts. ... L.A., which dished out 26 assists, improved to 4-1 this season when it finishes with more assists than its opponent. ... Houston has turned it over at least 18 times in five of its last six contests. ... Redick has scored 64 of his 123 points this season in the first quarter. ... Crawford appeared in his 895th NBA game without fouling out Saturday, the longest streak of its kind among active players. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Clippers: Monday vs. Minnesota, Wednesday vs. Oklahoma City, Saturday vs. Brooklyn. For the Rockets: Monday vs. Toronto, Wednesday @ Philadelphia, Thursday @ New York. 
