  Notebook: Pistons 86, Hawks 85 Posted Friday March 9, 2012 11:11PM By Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com THE FACTS: Tayshaun Prince 's running hook shot with 24.3 seconds remaining lifted the Detroit Pistons an 86-85 victory over the Atlanta Hawks Friday night. Hawks guard  Joe Johnson  missed a 3-point attempt with 1.9 seconds left and  Josh Smith 's putback came after the buzzer. Center  Greg Monroe  led the Pistons with 20 points and seven rebounds while Smith scored 21 for the Hawks. QUOTABLE:  "The difference now is if we get down, we fight to get back in it. Usually when teams hit us first, we'd have a hard time getting back into it. Luckily, they hit us very early in the game and we were able to respond."   -- Prince on the Pistons erasing a nine-point halftime deficit THE STAT:  55.9. When the Pistons weren't making turnovers (20), they were making shots. Their 55.9 field-goal percentage was a season high, as they shot 38 for 68 from the field. Their starting frontcourt of Prince, Monroe and  Jason Maxiell  was primarily responsible, shooting a combined 26 for 39 (66.7 percent). TURNING POINT:  Down by seven with 7:06 remaining in the third, the Pistons went on a 26-7 run. Monroe, Detroit's top scorer this season, had 10 points and an assist during that stretch while overpowering  Zaza Pachulia  and  Ivan Johnson . He bounced back from a season-low two points against the Los Angeles Lakers Tuesday and a six-point first half. QUOTABLE II:  "We're getting better and better as the season progresses. Too bad we went off to that bad start but there's not a lot you can do about that right now. We've just got to keep working hard and keep playing together."   -- Pistons forward  Jonas Jerebko  on his team winning 10 of its last 16 after a 4-20 start HOT:  Maxiell enjoys the sight of the Hawks and Smith. Maxiell scored a season-high 19 points in an overtime loss to Atlanta Jan. 27 and matched that Friday, making 9 of 11 field goal attempts. Rather than relying on hustle plays for his points, Maxiell (12 rebounds) displayed his increasingly reliable jump shot. He made five baskets from at least 15 feet. NOT:  Pistons reserve guard  Ben Gordon  had a poor offensive night, going 1 for 7 from the field while scoring three points. Gordon, who was averaging 12.5 ppg entering the game, also made three turnovers. That's not what Detroit expects from its highest-paid player. GOOD MOVE:  Pistons coach  Lawrence Frank  went with three big perimeter defenders on Atlanta's final possession. Prince guarded Johnson initially on the play and  Rodney Stuckey , who had guarded Johnson most of the game, switched onto him when he tried to turn the corner. Stuckey forced Johnson into a contested 24-footer from the left corner that bounced off the rim. BAD MOVE:  Atlanta coach  Larry Drew  left Smith in the game during the third quarter after Smith picked up his fourth foul. When Maxiell took a charge against Smith with 4:55 left in the quarter for his fifth foul, Smith had to retreat to the bench for an extended stay. During the time he was out of the game, the Pistons outscored the Hawks 16-6. NOTABLE:  Monroe and Stuckey each recorded the 1,000th rebound of their careers. ... Johnson scored 18 points after missing the previous four games with left knee tendonitis. ... Detroit has won eight of its last 11 home games. ... The Pistons controlled the boards, 37-24. UP NEXT:  For the Hawks, Sunday @ Sacramento, Tuesday @ Denver, Wednesday @ LA. Clippers. For the Pistons, Saturday vs. Toronto, Monday @ Utah, Wednesday @ Sacramento.  