  Celtics-Warriors notebook   By Geoff Lepper, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday February 23, 2011 2:07AM THE FACTS: Rajon Rondo  scored 19 points and added 15 assists as the Boston Celtics applied a second-half throttling to the Golden State Warriors offense, keying a 115-93 victory Tuesday that ended the Celtics' six-year losing streak in Oakland.  Kevin Garnett  led all scorers with 24 points and made a run at triple-double status with 12 rebounds and six assists. The Warriors, who had 60 points at the half, shot just 30.8 percent after the break, missing 10 of 12 3-pointers. QUOTABLE:  "We told him before the game, 'Early and often, we're going to you every single time we can.' We thought that was an advantage for us. Our guys, they were yelling at him, they kept telling him to shoot. You know Kevin, if he take two (shots) in a row, he'll pass the next three times, so they just kept saying, 'Keep going.'"    -- Celtics coach  Doc Rivers  on Kevin Garnett, who scored his most points since Nov. 26 THE STAT:  The Warriors were held to just four assists in the second half, after recording 14 in a high-octane first half that ended in a 60-60 tie. Boston's defense smothered not only Warriors star  Monta Ellis  (3-for-12 after intermission) but also Golden State's bench, which went a combined 0-for-11 in the third and fourth quarters. TURNING POINT:  The Warriors' bench, which had turned in some fine performances during Golden State's 7-2 run leading into the All-Star break, fell apart under the weight of Boston's fourth-quarter defense. With  Stephen Curry  and four reserves --  Acie Law, Vladimir Radmanovic, Ekpe Udoh  and  Reggie Williams  -- on the floor, Rondo keyed an 8-0 blitz with two assists and a layup, turning a four-point Boston lead at the 9:05 mark into a 12-point gap with 7 minutes left. Warriors coach  Keith Smart  brought his other four starters on at that point, but it was far too late. HOT:  Boston forward  Paul Pierce , who went into the break on a 4-for-27 (14.8 percent) skid from behind the 3-point arc in his last seven games, rebounded with a 3-for-5 night Tuesday. Pierce went 9-for-13 overall en route to 23 points. NOT:  Warriors guard Monta Ellis continued his one-game-on, one-game-off run that has marked his February to this point. After a 35-point night against Utah -- with 16-for-25 shooting -- Ellis went 6-for-18 while being pestered by a combination of Rondo and  Delonte West , returning from a broken wrist to make his first appearance since Nov. 24. QUOTABLE II:  "It was his birthday, so, he knew it. I thought Rondo, leadership-wise, throughout the game, he was getting on guys. I just thought that he was a coach on the floor tonight. He was terrific."    -- Rivers INSIDE THE ARENA:  After Boston opened up a 20-point lead in the fourth quarter, Warrior fans streamed to the exits, and the remaining crowd members -- many clad in kelly green -- took up a "Let's go, Celtics" chant which had to embarrass the home team. ROOKIE WATCH:  Warriors big man  Ekpe Udoh , a budding defensive star, was taken to school by the bulk of Boston's  Glen Davis . Davis had 12 points and 10 rebounds while simply overpowering the lanky Udoh. NOTABLE:  The Warriors did not use forward  Brandan Wright  and center  Dan Gadzuric , who were both suited up but reportedly set to be traded to New Jersey in exchange for big man  Troy Murphy  and a second-round draft pick. If that deal happens, Murphy -- who spent his first 5 1/2 seasons with the Warriors -- is widely expected to be bought out by Golden State. Wright and Gadzuric represent the majority of Golden State's $17 million worth of expiring deals, which the team has been trying desperately to turn into something more worthwhile. But general manager  Larry Riley  found the glut of expirings on the market depressed demand, so this may be their Plan C. ... The Celtics, already missing injured bigs  Shaquille  and  Jermaine O'Neal , lost another one when starting center  Kendrick Perkins  went out early in the third quarter with a bruised left knee and did not return. Rivers said that athletic trainer  Eddie Lacerte  "thought it was a bruise, and that's what we're hoping it is." There was no word on Perkins' availability for Thursday in Denver. ... Celtics center  Semih Erden  returned after a four-game absence with a right abductor strain and provided four assists. ... A few of the Warriors, most notably  Andris Biedrins , came back with a deep tan after the All-Star break, causing coach Smart to crack: "We did get a couple of new players -- in skin tone, anyways." UP NEXT:  For the Celtics, Thursday @ Denver, Saturday @ L.A. Clippers, Monday @ Utah. For the Warriors, Friday vs. Atlanta, Sunday @ Minnesota, Tuesday @ Indiana.  