Notebook: Cavaliers 98, Nuggets 88 
 
 
 Brian Dulik, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Dec 04, 2013 11:33 PM - Updated Wed Dec 04, 2013 11:33 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Nuggets had their seasonlong, seven-game winning streak snapped by the Cavaliers at Quicken Loans Arena. 
 
 THE LEAD:  Power forward  Tristan Thompson  scored 17 points and grabbed a career-high 21 rebounds as the Cleveland Cavaliers beat the Denver Nuggets 98-88. All-Star point guard  Kyrie Irving  scored a game-best 23 points for the Cavaliers, while center  Anderson Varejao  added a season-high 18 points and 13 boards off the bench. The Nuggets were led by shooting guard  Randy Foye , who scored 16 points, and center  J.J. Hickson , who had 15 points and 11 rebounds. Cleveland won back-to-back games for the first time this season. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "Tristan and Anderson were monsters tonight. They were monsters on the pick-and-roll. They were monsters on the glass. They were monsters around the rim. That type of effort was awesome. It was awesome to watch." 
 -- Cavaliers coach  Mike Brown 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Cavaliers grabbed 20 offensive rebounds and scored 23 second-chance points. They also won the overall battle of the boards 58-43 as Thompson, Varejao, and center  Andrew Bynum  combined for 41 rebounds and 49 points. "This was a good lesson for our bigs," Nuggets coach  Brian Shaw  said. "When you're playing against bigger guys, like Cleveland has, you've got to put a body on them. Tristan Thompson had his season averages by halftime, so what does that tell you?" 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Cavaliers opened the fourth quarter on a 9-2 run -- extending their lead to 88-75 -- after Denver had closed within six at the end of the third. Varejao scored six of his 10 fourth-quarter points during the spurt, which allowed Cleveland to maintain at least an eight-point advantage the rest of the way. "We sustained their first few hits, but we just couldn't keep them off the boards or the free throw line, especially in the fourth quarter," Nuggets guard  Andre Miller  said. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "As far as hustle and getting back on defense, there is no excuse for that. They just whupped us tonight. They looked like the fresher team and were quicker to the punch. You have to win 50/50 balls, and we didn't." 
 -- Nuggets coach  Brian Shaw 
 
 
 HOT:  The 10-point victory was the Cavaliers' largest of the season. ... Shooting guard  Dion Waiters  led Cleveland with six assists. ... Cavaliers shooting guard  Jarrett Jack  tied his career high with three blocked shots. ... Thompson rung up 11 points and 13 rebounds in the first half. ... Varejao became the first Cleveland bench player with at least 18 points, 13 rebounds, and three rejections since  John "Hot Rod" Williams  on Dec. 11, 1991 against Miami. ... Nuggets point guard  Ty Lawson  dished out a game-high 11 assists and made three steals. 
 
 NOT:  Cavaliers shooting guards Waiters and  C.J. Miles  missed 10 of their 12 field goal attempts in 42 combined minutes. ... Cleveland rookie power forward  Anthony Bennett  -- the No. 1 overall pick in the NBA Draft -- failed to record a rebound, assist, steal, or blocked shot in 11 minutes. ... The Nuggets committed 11 fouls in the fourth quarter, allowing the Cavaliers to attempt 14 free throws. ... Lawson shot 1-for-13 from the field and only scored four points. He entered the game averaging a Denver-high 20.2 points per game. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "Big credit to Tristan, Andrew, and Anderson for opening up the lane. When we have an inside presence, it opens up our perimeter game that much more. Tristan and Anderson were great for us all night." 
 -- Cavaliers point guard  Kyrie Irving 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  The Cavaliers attacked the Nuggets from the get-go, taking advantage of their four-day break between games. Denver was just 24 hours removed from a 111-87 victory at Brooklyn, but wilted under Cleveland's physicality in the paint. "It's not like it's impossible to win games back-to-back, so we're not going to make any excuses," Hickson said. "They killed us with offensive rebounds. We definitely should have done a better job. It was a tough loss." 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Shaw was one of two finalists for the Cavaliers' coaching job in June 2010, but owner  Dan Gilbert  and general manager  Chris Grant  opted to hire  Byron Scott . Shaw said he spent 14 1/2 hours over two days interviewing for the position. "I interviewed with 11 teams and felt I learned from all of them," Shaw said. "Denver was my 12th -- that's perseverance." Scott went 64-166 in Cleveland for the worst three-year span in franchise history. 
 
 NOTABLE:  The Nuggets are 2-1 on their current six-game road trip. ... Denver shooting guard  Nate Robinson  re-aggravated his sore right wrist at the Nets, but fought through the pain to play 27 minutes and scored 14 points against the Cavaliers. ... Nuggets small forward  Danilo Gallinari  (left anterior cruciate ligament tear) and center  JaVale McGee  (left tibia stress fracture) remain out with long-term injuries. Cleveland's inactives were center  Henry Sims  and rookie shooting guard  Carrick Felix . 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Nuggets, Friday @ Boston, Saturday @ Philadelphia, Monday @ Washington. For the Cavaliers, Friday @ Atlanta, Saturday vs. L.A. Clippers, Tuesday vs. New York. 
