  Notebook: Clippers 98, Grizzlies 91   By Dan Arritt, for NBA.com Posted Friday January 27, 2012 2:38AM THE FACTS:  Four players scored 17 points or more Thursday night as the Clippers rebounded from a physical loss to the Lakers the night before and defeated the visiting Grizzlies 98-91 at Staples Center. QUOTABLE:  "Different guys stepped up. It was a good team effort for us."   -- Clippers coach  Vinny Del Negro . THE STAT:   Blake Griffin  and  Chris Paul , two of five All-Stars on the Clippers, each toyed with triple-doubles against Memphis. Griffin, who recorded a triple-double against the Grizzlies last season, finished with 20 points, nine rebounds and eight assists. Paul, in his second game back since missing five with a strained left hamstring, had 18 points, seven rebounds and seven assists. TURNING POINT:  The Grizzlies battled back from a 16-point deficit during the first quarter to even things up. The teams combined for 18 lead changes over the next two quarters before Clippers center  DeAndre Jordan  dunked a missed bank shot by Paul with one second left in third, giving the Clippers the lead for good, 74-72. HOT:  Clippers guard  Mo Williams  continues to be phenomenal off the bench. He scored 18 points and contributed a season-high four steals. Williams is averaging 22.2 points in the last five games, all as the sixth man. He played all 12 minutes in the final quarter, while starting guard  Chauncey Billups  sat out. NOT:  Memphis guard  Mike Conley  backed up his 3-for-13 performance Tuesday night in Portland with a 2-for-10 effort against the Clippers, scoring a season-low four points. He didn't score his first points until five minutes remained in the third quarter. The Grizzlies didn't receive much help from their other guards, as  Tony Allen  was 3-for-9 from the floor and  O.J. Mayo  was 5-for-19. For the Clippers, they were real sloppy with the ball early on, committing 14 turnovers in the first half, the most in any half this season. They cleaned up their act in the second half and committed just four giveaways. GOOD MOVE:  Memphis forward  Rudy Gay  sparked the 15-0 run that got the Grizzlies back in the game in the first half, swishing a 49-foot heave at the first-quarter buzzer. Paul had the most impressive basket for the Clippers, hitting a 3-point basket as he was fouled by Mayo, then sinking the free throw for a 23-11 first-quarter lead. It was the first four-point play of the season for the Clippers. QUOTABLE II:  "He just came back, so he hasn't practiced really, and we're just throwing him out in the game. I think Chris is still trying to get his rhythm back a little bit, but he's sure going to make a difference when he's out there, no question."   -- Vinny Del Negro on Chris Paul. BAD MOVE:  The Grizzlies had a difficult matchup with  Marreese Speights  on Griffin to start the game, but Speights committed two fouls in less than six minutes and played just eight minutes the entire game. The Grizzlies were forced to go small with Mayo, leaving Gay to guard Griffin. He gave away two inches in height and probably some of his energy on the offensive end of the floor. NOTABLE:  Paul had two steals, extending his NBA-leading streak of recording at least one steal to 20 consecutive games ... Conley came in leading the league in games with six-plus assists and multiple steals. He now has 13 after recording seven assists and four steals ... No team in the Western Conference has played fewer games than the Clippers (16). UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Sunday @ Denver, Monday vs. Oklahoma City, Wednesday @ Utah. For the Grizzlies, Saturday @ Phoenix, Monday vs. San Antonio, Tuesday vs. Denver.  