Notebook: Blazers 110, Magic 94 
 
 
 Kerry Eggers, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Thu Jan 09, 2014 2:17 AM - Updated Thu Jan 09, 2014 2:17 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Trail Blazers improved to 13-0 when holding an opponent to fewer than 100 points. 
 
 THE LEAD:  Portland outscored Orlando by 20 points in the fourth quarter en route to a 110-94 victory Wednesday night at the Moda Center. The victory snapped a two-game losing streak for the Blazers (27-9), who had fallen to Philadelphia and Sacramento in its previous two outings. 
 
 LaMarcus Aldridge  scored 36 points and grabbed nine rebounds for Portland, which trailed by 12 points in the second quarter and nine points in the third.  Wesley Matthews  added 17 points and  Nicolas Batum  contributed 14 points, a career-high 14 assists and 10 rebounds for the Blazers.  Arron Afflalo  scored 18 of his 22 points in the first half for the Magic (10-25), who lost for the fifth straight game. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "The coach [ Terry Stotts ] had some big words for us at halftime. It was like a big wake up call. We had to play like we can play. For too long, we let [the Magic] stick right there with us. It all changed in the fourth quarter. When you play good defense, you get your rhythm back and shots fall."  
 --Portland's Nicolas Batum 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Batum notched his fourth career triple-double and second of the season. He joins Boston's  Rajon Rondo  (five), Oklahoma City's  Kevin Durant  and Miami's  LeBron James  (four apiece) as the only players with as many as four triple-doubles over the past two seasons. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Orlando led 73-66 late in the third quarter when Portland outscored the visitors 31-11 over the next one minutes to wrap up the win. 
 
 HOT:  Aldridge kept hitting shots throughout the game, sinking 16-for-25 from the field, a good portion of his baskets coming from the perimeter. 
 
 NOT:  A night after scoring a career-high 41 points -- 26 in the fourth quarter -- Portland point guard  Damian Lillard  had 11 points on 4-for-12 shooting. He didn't make a basket until late in the third quarter. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "No, we need to win, man. You don't feel good about effort. It's mandatory."  
 -- Orlando's Arron Afflalo, asked if he felt good about the Magic's effort in the game 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  In the fourth quarter, as Orlando's  Glen "Big Baby" Davis  did a 360 move to the basket, Portland's  Thomas Robinson  came from off the ball to block his shot. Robinson hustled to the other end, where he sank a left-handed hook to give the Blazers a 90-82 lead. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  The Magic allowed their opponent to score more than 100 points for the third straight game, all losses. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:   "Nico was making a lot of plays. That's what was working for us, having him in pick-and-rolls situations and handling the ball. The most important thing was to win this game. We did what we needed to do, even if it took us awhile."  
 --Portland's Damian Lillard on Nicolas Batum 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  Batum was playing his second game with a splint protecting the middle left finger he broke against Philadelphia on Saturday. ... Portland improved to 13-0 when holding its opponent under 100 points. ... Portland's  Mo Williams  had a four-point play in the third quarter. ... The Blazers are a league-best 7-2 on the second night of back-to-back games. ... Orlando was without its No. 2 scorer and No. 1 rebounder, center  Nikola Vucevic , who suffered a concussion in the third quarter of Tuesday's 101-81 loss to the Los Angeles Clippers at Staples Center. Rookie  Victor Oladipo , who moved into the starting lineup in Vucevic's absence, contributed 14 points and four rebounds in 39 minutes. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Magic, Friday @ Sacramento, Saturday @ Denver, Monday @ Detroit. For the Trail Blazers, Saturday vs Boston, Wednesday vs. Cleveland, Friday @ San Antonio. 
