
 Bobcats-Grizzlies notebook   By Marlon W. Morgan, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday December 15, 2010 11:49PM THE FACTS:  With an assortment of alley-oop dunks and fancy finger rolls, the Memphis Grizzlies made sure they kept the pressure on the shorthanded and tired Charlotte Bobcats, cruising to a 113-80 win Wednesday night at FedExForum. Grizzlies guard  O.J. Mayo  led the team with a game-high 24 points, his highest total since coming off the bench, and the most he's scored since totaling 29 Oct. 30 against Minnesota. QUOTABLE:  "It's a good feeling. Our starters are playing well. With me coming off the bench and when our second team is playing well, it just makes our team that much better."   -- O.J. Mayo. THE STAT:  The Grizzlies' 33-point margin of victory was not only their largest of the season, but it was the second-largest in franchise history, trailing only their 49-point win over New Jersey on Dec. 13, 2003. TURNING POINT:  After taking a 59-36 halftime lead, the Grizzlies knew Charlotte was going to respond early in the second half. So after the Bobcats trimmed their deficit to 17, the Grizzlies went on a 17-5 run to take a commanding 70-50 lead. QUOTABLE II:  "We were selfish. We didn't play hard. We acted like we didn't even care. I had to get on them at halftime and beg them to play. That's not what I'm supposed to be doing. There was no effort and no teamwork. ... They (Grizzlies) were great. They never stopped playing. They never stopped executing. They never stopped sharing the ball."    -- Charlotte coach  Larry Brown . INSIDE THE ARENA:  Commissioner  David Stern  was on hand to witness their first half after spending a busy day in Memphis. He was invited by the Chamber of Commerce to speak at a luncheon Wednesday afternoon to help celebrate the team's 10th anniversary in Memphis. Stern then addressed season ticketholders prior to the game, followed by a brief session with the media where he addressed the state of the NBA and said the Grizzlies were not among the team's he would consider a troubled franchise. HOT:  Mayo is starting to regain his shooting touch. The Grizzlies shooting guard made 10 of his 15 shots from the floor, including 3-for-6 3-pointers. He scored his 24 points in 24 minutes. NOT:  As a team, the Bobcats were simply careless with the ball, committing 22 turnovers which let to 21 points for the Grizzlies.  Boris Diaw ,  Stephen Jackson  and  Kwame Brown  each had four turnovers. NOTABLE:  The Grizzlies are now riding a season-high four-game winning streak, their longest since winning four in a row from Jan. 12-18, 2010. They've done it mostly with defense. For the fifth straight game, the Grizzlies have held their opponent under 100 points, a feat they haven't accomplished since doing it in six consecutive games from Nov. 18-28, 2006. ... The Bobcats are now 1-5 in the second half of back-to-back games, including 0-4 on the road. ... Charlotte was without forward  Gerald Wallace , who suffered an ankle sprain in Tuesday night's win over Toronto. UP NEXT:  For the Bobcats, Friday at Atlanta, Monday at Washington, Tuesday vs. Oklahoma City. For the Grizzlies, Friday at Houston, Saturday at San Antonio, Tuesday vs. New Jersey. 
