  Grizzlies-Lakers notebook   By Dan Arritt, for NBA.com Posted Monday January 3, 2011 12:51AM THE FACTS : Five players scored in double figures for the Memphis Grizzlies, who raced to a 104-85 victory Sunday against the two-time defending champion Los Angeles Lakers, eliciting a chorus of boos from the sold-out crowd at Staples Center. QUOTABLE:  "In just about every category we got outplayed tonight,"    - Lakers coach  Phil Jackson THE STAT : The Lakers had a season-low 13 assists, compared to 30 for Memphis. They also committed 20 turnovers, compared to nine for the Grizzlies, and were out-rebounded, 54-42 TURNING POINT: Kobe Bryant's  fall-away jumper cut a 13-point deficit to two with 5:33 remaining in the third quarter, but the Lakers went cold again as the Grizzlies clicked off a 19-4 run to put the game away. QUOTABLE II:  "They had their run a couple times, but we called a couple time outs, slowed them down, got back to what we were doing. We played the game as well as you can play it against such a quality opponent."   -   Memphis coach  Lionel Hollins HOT : Memphis small forward  Rudy Gay,  who sat out the Grizzlies' last game with a stomach virus, showed no ill effects as he produced 27 points on 10-for-19 shooting from the field. NOT:  In the last 12 days, the Lakers have lost by 19 points to the sub-.500 Milwaukee Bucks, never came close against the Miami Heat in a much-hyped nationally televised game on Christmas, lost by double digits to the San Antonio Spurs, their biggest challenge in the Western Conference, and looked completely disinterested against the Grizzlies, the last place team in the Southwest Division. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT: Kobe Bryant  scored 17 of his team-high 28 points in the third quarter, giving the Lakers a brief nudge in the right direction, but they couldn't sustain the momentum. GOOD MOVE:  The Grizzlies recognized the Lakers didn't have any zip in their step and ran them ragged for 28 fast-break points, compared to five for Los Angeles. And when Memphis couldn't run, it went inside for another 50 points in the paint. The Lakers, meanwhile, could only muster 36. BAD MOVE:  Bryant took it upon himself to bring the Lakers back from the 13-point deficit, but his one-on-one play took the rest of the team out of its rhythm and left them standing around. None of Bryant's teammates scored more than two points in the third quarter. ROOKIE WATCH:  Memphis back-up point guard  Greivis Vasquez  made his only two field-goal attempts and produced five points, three assists and two rebounds in 16 minutes. His numbers were better than Lakers starting point guard Derek Fisher, who finished with five points, one assist and one rebound in 23 minutes. NOTABLE : In their last four losses, the Lakers have been outscored in 15 of 16 quarters. UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Tuesday vs. Detroit, Wednesday @ Phoenix, Friday vs. New Orleans. For the Grizzlies, Tuesday vs. Oklahoma City, Friday vs. Utah, Saturday @ Oklahoma City.  