Notebook: Warriors 104, Pelicans 93 
 
 
 Geoff Lepper, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Dec 18, 2013 2:09 AM - Updated Wed Dec 18, 2013 2:09 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  Stephen Curry  has now scored 20 or more points in 11 straight games, a career-best streak and the league's longest current mark. 
 
 THE LEAD:  The Golden State Warriors celebrated the return of small forward  Andre Iguodala  from a 12-game absence by piling up a 26-point lead before coasting home to a 104-93 victory against the New Orleans Pelicans on Tuesday. 
 Stephen Curry had a game-high 28 points and 12 assists and  David Lee  recorded his sixth straight double-double with 21 points and 17 rebounds for the Warriors (14-12), who rewrote their recent narrative of falling into deep holes early by never trailing once against New Orleans (11-12). 
 
 Ryan Anderson  led the Pelicans with 21 points. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "It was great to defend, execute and take care of the basketball. ... Tonight was a great step forward." 
 -- Warriors coach  Mark Jackson 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Through three quarters, the Warriors outscored the Pelicans 16-3 in terms of fast-break points and limited their turnovers -- which had been increasing in alarming fashion lately -- down to just eight. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Iguodala's stat line wasn't much to look at -- two points on 1-for-4 shooting, with two assists -- but the Warriors were plus-20 in his 17 minutes on the floor, his first action since Nov. 22. He almost brought the house down in his last play of the evening, using a one-handed dribble between his legs to free himself for a right-handed hammer dunk attempt, but New Orleans center  Jason Smith  blocked it at the rim. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "He's a guy that makes life so much easier for everybody on the floor -- [with] his ability to make plays, his ability to read and react. We missed him. We're glad to have him back. And then there was a carryover effect."  
 -- Mark Jackson 
 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "It felt good. I got tired of watching. You get a new appreciation for the game, especially seeing your brothers struggle. Tonight was a great game by everyone, just to get a win and put together a string of good basketball the way we did the first three quarters."  
 -- Andre Iguodala 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Anderson got his points, but they didn't come cheaply, as he went 6-for-16 from the floor. Most of Anderson's struggles could be directly traced back to Iguodala's presence on the floor. Jackson cross-matched Iguodala onto the Pelicans' leading scorer (avoiding the notion of asking Lee to chase Anderson off the 3-point line) and Iguodala locked him down to the tune of 2-for-8 shooting, with no 3-pointers in their 17 minutes on court together. 
 
 HOT:  At the other end, Lee punished Anderson inside. Thirteen of his 15 shots came from inside 8 feet, and Lee converted nine of those close-range opportunities. 
 
 NOT:  Eric Gordon  suffered through his worst shooting night of the season for New Orleans, going 1-for-9 and misfiring on all six attempts inside the arc. 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  The Warriors bench continues to struggle mightily -- both in fantasy and real life. Golden State reserves were handed a 23-point lead to start the fourth quarter, and coughed off 10 of those points before Jackson brought in all of his starters -- save Iguodala -- off the bench for stability. 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  A Warriors fan drilled a 3-point shot to win free groceries for a year from a local supermarket chain. He was then carted off the court on the shoulders of two team staffers. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Pelicans sixth man  Tyreke Evans  missed the game due to a sprained left ankle. . . . New Orleans shot just 37.5 percent from the floor, 27.8 percent on 3-pointers. . . . With Iguodala's return, Golden State forward  Harrison Barnes  was dropped from the Warriors' starting lineup, but still had eight points and four rebounds. . . . Warriors center  Andrew Bogut  went 4-for-5 from the field and is shooting 68.0 percent in his last 14 games. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Pelicans, Wednesday @ L.A. Clippers, Saturday @ Portland, Monday @ Sacramento. For the Warriors, Thursday vs. San Antonio, Saturday vs. L.A. Lakers, Monday @ Denver. 
