Notebook: Jazz 110, Pistons 89 
 
 
 Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Jan 17, 2014 11:59 PM - Updated Fri Jan 17, 2014 11:59 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  Utah has defeated Detroit in 15 of their last 16 meetings. The Pistons' lone victory during that stretch was a 120-116 squeaker on Feb. 26, 2011. 
 
 THE LEAD:  Utah rookie point guard  Trey Burke  had 20 points and a career-high 12 assists to lift the Jazz to a 110-89 victory over the Detroit Pistons on Friday night at The Palace of Auburn Hills.  
 Burke, who led Michigan to the NCAA National Championship game last season, got a measure of revenge against the Michigan pro team that passed on him during the draft lottery last June. Center  Enes Kanter  had 18 points and seven rebounds off the bench for the Jazz (14-27), while forward  Marvin Williams  supplied 17 points and seven rebounds. Sixth man  Rodney Stuckey  led Detroit (16-23), which has lost six of its last seven home games, with 21 points. Center  Andre Drummond  posted his Eastern Conference-leading 28th double-double with 10 points and 13 rebounds. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "It's always in the back of your mind whenever you play against a team that looked past you ... obviously, being a competitor my whole life, I wanted to come out there and really compete against these guys." 
 -- Utah's Trey Burke on playing against the Pistons for the first time 
 
 
 THE STAT : 44 -- The Pistons rely on their inside prowess, leading the NBA in points in the paint. The Jazz started an undersized frontcourt with  Derrick Favors  at center and Williams at power forward, but Utah was able to match Detroit in the lane. Each team scored 44 points in the paint, and the Jazz also limited the Pistons to eight offensive rebounds.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Jazz actually trailed midway through the second quarter but took control late in the half. They scored the last eight points to grab a 58-45 halftime lead and tacked on the first eight points of the second half, completing a 16-0 outburst for a 21-point advantage. Detroit missed nine field-goal tries during that span and added a turnover.  
 
 HOT:  Kanter had a career-high 25 points against San Antonio on Wednesday and continued to play with supreme confidence in Detroit. He scored 15 points before halftime as Utah built its lead. He made 6-for-13 field goals and shot a team-high eight free throws, converting six. His season average rose to 11.6 points per game.  
 
 NOT:  Detroit's starting frontcourt, despite Drummond's double-double, was a no-show. Forwards  Josh Smith  and  Greg Monroe  scored four points apiece while shooting a combined 2-for-13 from the field. They also grabbed only three rebounds while making three turnovers.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "It's so funny. I'd be really nervous, too. I'm thinking about playing in Turkey, how I'd be so excited. He played really well in front of his crowd." 
 -- Utah's Enes Kanter, the Turkish-born center, on Trey Burke playing in the state where he starred in college 
 
 
 IN THE ARENA:  There were plenty of Michigan supporters cheering for Burke, including one in the second row who held up a sign reading, "Thank you Trey!" .... The Temptations performed several of their classics at halftime, including "My Girl" and "Get Ready." 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  While Burke erupted, the player the Pistons chose ahead of him had a quiet night. Shooting guard  Kentavious Caldwell-Pope  scored five points in 27 minutes.  
 
 NOTABLE:  Utah's leading scorer, swingman  Gordon Hayward , missed his fourth consecutive game with a left hip flexor. ...The margin of victory equaled the Jazz's largest this season. It defeated Sacramento by 21, 122-101, on Dec. 11. ... Utah hasn't lost a season series to Detroit since 2002-03. The teams play again in Utah on March 24. ... Stuckey was assessed a flagrant-one foul during the second quarter for bumping Jazz guard  Alec Burks . ... Detroit began a stretch of eight games in 13 nights after a five-day layoff. ... Utah hit the midway point of the regular season without a winning streak of more than two games. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Jazz, Saturday @ Minnesota, Tuesday vs. Minnesota, Saturday, Jan. 25 vs. Washington. For the Pistons, Saturday @ Washington, Monday vs. L.A. Clippers, Wednesday @ Milwaukee. 
