
 Bull-Celtics notebook   By Brian Robb, for NBA.com Posted Saturday November 6, 2010 12:30AM THE FACTS:  The Boston Celtics escaped with their second straight overtime win at the TD Garden edging the Chicago Bulls by a score of 110-105.  Ray Allen  led a balanced Boston offensive attack with 25 points, including a thunderous jam in the closing moments of overtime.  Joakim Noah  led the valiant Bulls in the defeat with 26 points and 11 rebounds. The Bulls erased a 16-point second half deficit to force overtime. QUOTABLE:  "I was trying to make a play. It was a big mistake. He reached on the rebound. I should have slowed it down. I felt we had numbers in transition. We have to get up a shot in that situation."   -  Noah  on his turnover with the Bulls down 3 at the end of overtime THE STAT:  Chicago's offense was stifled for nearly the first six minutes of the second quarter, being held scoreless until  Derrick Rose  broke the ice with a layup at the 6:03 mark. Boston's suffocating defense held Chicago to 0-of-7 shooting with 4 turnovers over the scoring draught. The Celtics turned a four-point deficit into a 10-point lead by the time the run was over. TURNING POINT:  Down 3 in the closing seconds of overtime, Noah secured a rebound off a  Paul Pierce  missed jumper. Instead of looking for his All-Star point guard, Noah attempted to dribble up the open floor and attack the basket himself.  Kevin Garnett  was lurking however, and stripped the Bulls center from behind, allowing  Glen Davis  to scoop up the loose ball with 14 seconds remaining. Chicago was forced to foul Big Baby who hit both free throws, putting the game away for Boston. QUOTABLE II:  "Everyone's going to be up for the Celtics, it's just the way it is. We have a target on our back. We are going to be one of the best teams in the east. Nationally televised games you got to expect a lot of energy and a lot of teams are going to be ready."  -  Pierce HOT:  Allen hit 9-of-12 shots from the field, including 3 of 5 from three-point range to put forth his best effort of the season for the Celtics with 26 points. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Bulls forward  Taj Gibson  continued his hot shooting ways with an 9-of-14 outing from the field. The USC alum is now hitting a sensational 64 percent of his field goals on the young season. ROOKIE WATCH:   Omer Asik  and  Semih Erden , two rookies hailing from Turkey saw limited floor time for Chicago and Boston respectively. Erden had the more impressive line of the evening, contributing 2 points and 3 rebounds in 10 minutes of action. NOTABLE:  Bulls forward  Brian Scalabrine  received a standing ovation from the crowd, accompanied by chants of SCAL-A-BR-INE upon entering the game for Chicago in the first quarter. Scalabrine played five seasons in Boston. A video tribute of Scalabrine and former Celtic associate head coach (Tom) Thibodeau was played as well on the TD Garden jumbotron. Davis drew two more offensive fouls, bringing his season total up to 11 charges taken.  Rajon Rondo  had his third double-double of the year, with 15 points and 10 assists. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Monday vs. Denver, Thursday vs. Golden State, Saturday vs. Washington. For the Celtics, Sunday @ Oklahoma City, Monday @ Dallas, Thursday @ Miami 
