  Notebook: Celtics 102, Magic 98 Posted Thursday April 19, 2012 12:50AM By Brian Robb, for NBA.com THE FACTS:   Paul Pierce  scored 29 points and dished out a career-high 14 assists as the Boston Celtics clinched their fifth straight Atlantic Division title with a 102-98 win over the Orlando Magic.  Avery Bradley  also added a career-high 23 points for the short-handed hosts, as they played without  Rajon Rondo ,  Ray Allen  and  Mickael Pietrus  due to injury.  Glen Davis  posted 27 points and seven rebounds against his former teammates, helping to push the undermanned Magic to within a point of Boston late, after trailing by as many as 13 points. Pierce fought back however, scoring seven points in the final three minutes to hold off Orlando, and enable Boston to sweep the season series 3-0. QUOTABLE:  "I'm not about to go pop some champagne bottles or anything like that. I know they do in baseball. I mean it is a good accomplishment. The guys should recognize where we came from to what we are today. It's a good accomplishment I guess, but all we care about around here is a championship banner."    -- Paul Pierce on winning the Atlantic Division THE STAT:  Bradley continues to excel offensively, scoring in double digits for his fifth straight game. After hitting 10 of his 14 field-goal attempts, Bradley is now also shooting a scorching 60 percent from the field over that five-game stretch. TURNING POINT:  Leading by just two with 31 seconds on the clock, Boston turned to their captain in Pierce to seal the win. The All-Star small forward did not disappoint, drilling a 17-foot jumper with seven seconds remaining as the shot clock expired to push the lead to four, putting the Magic away for good. QUOTABLE II:  "Offensively we are playing better. I think we are staying together, and we are fighting hard. We are not able to stop anybody right now.   -- Magic coach  Stan Van Gundy HOT:  Davis -- The big man has thrived since being inserted into the starting lineup in the month of April for the Magic and the trend continued tonight as the former Celtic hit 12 of his 16 shots. Davis is averaging a double-double with 17.1 points and 10.3 rebounds since the switch over his past nine games. NOT:  Orlando's 3-point shooting -- The Magic shoot more from downtown than any team in the NBA, but struggled from deep Wednesday night, hitting just 2-for-13 attempts in the second half. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Pierce -- You couldn't ask for a better all-around line from a small forward, as in addition to his 29 points and 14 assists, the C's captain grabbed five rebounds, had two steals and made 11-for-12 free-throw attempts. INSIDE THE ARENA:   Bill Russell ,  Bob Cousy ,  Tom Sanders ,  Jim Loscutoff ,  Tom Heinsohn ,  Sam Jones , and  Frank Ramsey  were all in attendance as the Celtics honored the 50th anniversary of their 1962 championship team in a halftime ceremony. NOTABLE:   Sasha Pavlovic  started in place of Rondo at guard. Rivers does not expect Rondo (back), Allen (ankle) or Pietrus (knee) to play in Boston's next game against Atlanta Friday night.  Dwight Howard  and  Hedo Turkoglu  also missed the game for the Magic and continue to rehab their respective injuries in Florida. Boston shot 62.2 percent in the first half. With the win, the Celtics moved a ½ game ahead of Orlando in the Eastern Conference and are just ½ game back of Atlanta in the race for home court advantage in the first round of the postseason. UP NEXT:  For the Magic, Saturday @ Utah, Sunday @ Denver, Wednesday vs. Charlotte. For the Celtics, Friday @ Atlanta, Tuesday vs. Miami, Thursday vs. Milwaukee.  