Notebook: Jazz 83, Bobcats 80 
 
 
 Andrew Aragon, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Dec 31, 2013 12:56 AM - Updated Tue Dec 31, 2013 12:56 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Utah Jazz continued their dominance over the Charlotte Bobcats, beating them for the 10th straight time.  
 
 THE LEAD:  The Jazz had trouble finishing off the Bobcats after leading by double digits, but rookie point guard  Trey Burke  was effective in a role as closer.  
    Burke made a driving layup with 19.1 seconds remaining to put the Jazz (10-24) up three and finished with a game-high 21 points to lead Utah to a hard-fought 83-80 win over Charlotte (14-18) on Monday night. Burke, who got the best of a great matchup of young point guards with  Kemba Walker , also had five assists.   
 
  Alec Burks  came off the bench to score 14 points for Utah, while  Marvin Williams  and  Derrick Favors  each had 13 points. Williams had a double-double with a season-high 10 rebounds.  
 
   Gerald Henderson  had 19 points, while  Al Jefferson  and Walker each chipped in 18 points for Charlotte. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "That's why I went to the basket. I figured he (Walker, who was defending) looked at the other shot clock and thought I was going to shoot the shot. I felt I could get a better shot and went after it."  --  Jazz guard Burke on passing up a jumper to drive to the basket when he put Utah ahead 80-77 with 19.1 seconds remaining  
 
 
 THE STAT : The Bobcats just couldn't buy baskets against the Jazz. They shot 36.9 percent on Monday night. The real killer for them came in the second quarter when they shot just 4-for-15 (26.7 percent) to fall behind by eight points at the break.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Jazz hadn't trailed since the first quarter until Walker scored on a putback to put Charlotte up 77-76 with 1:15 remaining. But that's when Utah finally started working on closing the Bobcats out. Favors dunked after  Gordon Hayward  set him nicely with an assist as the Jazz quickly retook the lead. On Utah's next possession, Burke drove to the basket and scored on a layup as the shot clock expired to put the Jazz up three. Utah got another stop, and Favors made a free throw to ice the game for the Jazz.  
 
 HOT:  Williams, in a contract year, continued his solid season. He shot 6-for-8 against Charlotte. Burks did much of his damage in the first half, shooting 4-for-6 while scoring 10 of his points and collecting five of his six rebounds before halftime. Favors, meanwhile, played his best after the break, scoring 11 of his points on 5-for-8 shooting in the second half.  
 
 NOT:  Hayward usually finds a way to contribute, but his shooting remains inconsistent. After getting into early foul trouble, he shot 0-for-6 in the second half. Charlotte didn't make a field goal in the final 5:28 of the first half. It then took the Bobcats until there was 9:44 remaining in the third quarter before they made another shot. Henderson made both baskets.  
 
 QUOTABLE II : "We made some mistakes, but I think a lot of these games for this young group of guys is about learning to finish games. Hopefully we will finish teams off without making it close and to be able to make plays down the stretch."  --  Jazz coach  Tyrone Corbin  on the development of his young players 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  No team knows Jefferson's strengths and weaknesses better than the Jazz, and they made life tough for him. Utah doubled him probably more than it has any other opposing player this season, and threw several different looks at him. The Jazz bumped him off his spots, and kept their players from having to try and defend the big man one-on-one. Utah held Jefferson to just 8-for-23 shooting.   
 
 BAD MOVE : At some point, Jefferson has got to start knocking down close-range shots when victories are within reach. He missed a four-foot jumper with 41.9 seconds remaining that would have given the Bobcats the lead. He also missed two easy looks when the two teams played in Charlotte nine days ago in a game Utah won 88-85.   
 
 NOTABLE : Jefferson's 18 points and 10 rebounds were eerily similar to the 18.5 points and 9.5 rebounds he averaged in three seasons with the Jazz. Jefferson made a 40-foot 3-pointer as time expired. Walker has scored in double figures in 21 straight games, the longest streak of his career. Charlotte's last four losses have come by four points or fewer. Utah had season-lows for free throws attempted (nine) and free throws made (seven). The Jazz are 5-1 when Burke scores 20 or more points.  
 
 UP NEXT : For the Bobcats, Wednesday @ L.A. Clippers, Thursday @ Portland, Saturday @ Sacramento. For the Jazz, Thursday vs. Bucks, Friday @ L.A. Lakers, Tuesday vs. Thunder. 
