  Clippers-Rockets notebook   By Matt Miller, for NBA.com Posted Thursday January 27, 2011 12:28AM THE FACTS:  For once, the Houston Rockets relied on their defense to close out a game. Kyle Lowry  scored 20 points, dished out eight assists and grabbed six rebounds, and Houston held the Los Angeles Clippers to a season-low 10 points in the fourth quarter to claim a 96-83 victory Wednesday at Toyota Center.  Luis Scola  added 16 points and six rebounds for the Rockets (22-25), who became the first opponent to pull down more rebounds (50-44) than Los Angeles in eight games. Randy Foye  poured in a season-high 20 points to lead the Clippers (17-28), who have lost four consecutive road games. Rookie forward  Blake Griffin  posted a modest stat line of 14 points and 11 rebounds, recording his 37th double-double of the season, but struggled to make his signature highlight-reel plays against stingy defender  Chuck Hayes . QUOTABLE:  "Normally Griffin and [ DeAndre ]  Jordan  are playing a game that we're not familiar with. No one can get up that high. We made it a much more workman-like game. That's what you have to do against young, athletic, enthusiastic teams."   -- Houston forward  Shane Battier THE STAT:  L.A. shot 4-for-25 (16 percent) in the fourth quarter, allowing Houston to open up a comfortable lead down the stretch and cruise to its second straight win. TURNING POINT:  The Rockets woke up from a third-quarter slumber and ripped off a 12-0 run to begin the fourth period, turning a 73-70 deficit into an 82-73 lead with less than six minutes remaining. Houston's defense sparked the surge by keeping the Clippers off the scoreboard for the first 6:15 of the final stanza. QUOTABLE II:  "I really wanted to stay attached to his body, and if he tries to muscle himself to the rim, he's going to feel my strength on strength. That's my only chance, to take my strength against his."   -- Hayes on defending Griffin HOT:  Scola sank six of his last 11 shots to recover from an abysmal 2-for-7 start. The 6-foot-9 forward from Argentina is averaging 16.6 points over the last five games. NOT:  Houston's offense slammed into a wall after halftime, as an amped Clippers' defense held the Rockets to 4-for-19 shooting from the field and forced five turnovers in the third quarter. But Houston passed the brick bug to L.A., which missed its first 15 field-goal attempts in the fourth period. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Griffin had to work hard against Hayes to score, but the rookie sensation still finished with his 31st double-double in the last 32 games. Griffin's 5-for-16 shooting effort may not please his fantasy owners, who are accustomed to receiving more productive efforts from the Clippers forward. QUOTABLE III:  "I didn't have great energy. The back-to-back games on the road are a factor but not an excuse. I have to motivate myself to bring energy at a higher level."   -- Griffin INSIDE THE ARENA:  Wednesday's attendance of 18,147 marks the Rockets' second consecutive sellout and their eighth of the season. GOOD MOVE:  Houston coach  Rick Adelman  played the struggling  Kevin Martin , who scored only eight points, for only 21 minutes. Martin is always a defensive liability and made just three of his 11 attempts from the field, so it was no surprise to see Adelman bench his top scorer for most of the second half. ROOKIE WATCH:  L.A. forward  Al-Farouq Aminu  made his only shot, scored five points and grabbed five rebounds in nearly 18 minutes of action. ... Clippers guard  Eric Bledsoe  dished out six assists and recorded three steals but missed five of seven field-goal attempts in 22-plus minutes on the court. NOTABLE:  Griffin (elbow contusion) played with a protective sleeve on his left arm. ... Houston has won 12 of its last 14 meetings with the Clippers. ... L.A. is 0-4 this season without Gordon in its lineup. ... The Clippers fell to 0-9 when they score less than 90 points. ... L.A., which distributed only 13 assists Wednesday, is now 1-17 when its opponent has more assists. ... The Clippers' 10 fourth-quarter points also set Houston's season low for fewest points allowed in any quarter. ... Martin set a season low for points scored at Toyota Center. ... Rockets guard  Aaron Brooks  has connected on 31 consecutive free-throw attempts. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Saturday vs. Charlotte, Monday vs. Milwaukee, Wednesday vs. Chicago (NBA TV). For the Rockets, Thursday @ Dallas, Saturday @ San Antonio, Tuesday @ L.A. Lakers (NBA TV).  