  Wizards-Celtics notebook   By Brian Robb, for NBA.com Posted Friday April 8, 2011 11:48PM THE FACTS:  The Boston Celtics held the Washington Wizards to just 13 fourth quarter points, enabling themselves to pull away late for 104-88 victory. With the win, the Celtics maintained a tie with the Miami Heat for the second seed for the Eastern Conference, with a pivotal head-to-head matchup looming Sunday between both squads.  Paul Pierce  (22 points, 12 rebounds) led all scorers and all five Boston starters were in double figures thanks to aggressive play from  Rajon Rondo  (20 points, 14 assists).  Andray Blatche  had 20 points in the setback for the Wizards who have lost two in a row. QUOTABLE:  "It was a good win. Event though we played extended minutes in a back-to-back, we have struggled in back-to-back situations throughout the year. It was good to come out, even against a young team to get back on track."  --  Pierce. THE STAT:  The Wizards shot just 6-of-20 (30 percent) from the field in the fourth quarter. TURNING POINT:  Washington had a chance to trim the Celtics lead to four points midway through the fourth quarter, as  JaVale McGee  streaked down the floor for a fast break dunk. The center missed his wide-open attempt however, and  Ray Allen  hit a jump shot on the ensuing possession, pushing the Boston lead to eight points. The swing jumpstarted a 17-5 Celtics run to close out the game. QUOTABLE II:  "We control our own destiny for the second seed now and we've got to win the next two games."  --  Boston coach  Doc Rivers. HOT: Kevin Garnett.  The power forward bounced back from a subpar outing against Chicago to hit 75 percent of his shots (six-of-eight) while tallying his third double-double in the past five games. Garnett finished with 15 points, 11 rebounds and three assists. BAD MOVE: Delonte West  left his team shorthanded on the second night of a back-to-back after he was ejected with 8:53 remaining in the second quarter. The guard earned two quick technical fouls while arguing a foul call. With West out and guard alternatives limited, Rondo was forced to play 42 minutes. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Pierce. Despite an off-shooting performance, the Celtics captain fought valiantly on the interior, with a team-high 12 rebounds, and 12-of-13 night at the charity stripe. ROOKIE WATCH: John Wall.  The number one overall pick had an up-and-down night, an inefficient 20 points on 7-of-18 shooting. Wall also had seven assists and five steals, but turned the ball over a costly seven times in the loss. NOTABLE:  Rivers was presented with the Red Auerbach Award by team co-owner  Wyc Grousbeck  before the game. The award is given every year to a Celtics player or coach who best exemplifies the spirit of what it means to be a Celtic.  Jermaine O'Neal  was kept inactive for the game, strictly for rest purposes according to Rivers. He will play Sunday in Miami.  Shaquille O'Neal  also missed his third straight game with a right calf injury. He is questionable for Sunday's game. Boston scored 25 fast break points, their 2nd highest total of the year. The Wizards had 21 turnovers and scored just 32 points in the second half. The teams combined to hit just 2-of-19 three-point attempts. Rondo had as many assists (14) as Washington had as a team combined. UP NEXT:  For the Wizards, Saturday vs. Atlanta, Monday vs. Boston, Wednesday @ Cleveland. For the Celtics, Thursday @ Chicago, Monday @ Washington, Sunday @ Miami, Wednesday vs. New York  