Notebook: Thunder 110, Hornets 95 
 
 
 Bradley Handwerger, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Nov 16, 2012 11:36 PM - Updated Fri Nov 16, 2012 11:36 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:  The Oklahoma City Thunder used 27 points from both  Kevin Durant  and  Kevin Martin  to easily roll past the New Orleans Hornets 110-95 Friday night. 
 The Hornets had no answer for the hot-shooting Thunder (7-3), who sank 54.1 percent from the night, including 48.3 percent from 3-point range. Oklahoma City's starters outscored the Hornets' by 22 points and were on the bench by the end of the game. 
 New Orleans (3-4) couldn't do what it did two nights earlier against Houston -- come back from a double-digit halftime deficit. Against the Rockets it was 19. Friday night, the difference was 29. 
 
 Ryan Anderson  tried to help New Orleans make a game of it in the fourth, putting up eight points in the first four minutes, forcing Oklahoma City to take a timeout. But the stoppage in play helped stem the tide and the Thunder's one-time 34-point lead proved more than enough to keep any Hornets' attempt to tighten the game at bay. 
 Anderson's 15 led the Hornets.  Robin Lopez  led New Orleans' starters with 12 points. 
 Oklahoma City's  Russell Westbrook  finished with a double-double, scoring 10 points and putting up 12 assists. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "You knew after their last game that they were really going to come out swinging. Basically, they swung and hit first. We didn't respond. We gave up a 30-plus point quarter and that was pretty much the game." -- Hornets guard  Roger Mason . 
 
 THE STAT:  The Thunder recorded a season-high 31 assists on 40 made shots. Oklahoma City moved the ball around and didn't allow the Hornets to get its defense set.  Brooks said after the game it was the best ball movement he has seen from his team since this particular group has been together. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Oklahoma City's Martin entered with 5:03 to play in the first quarter and the Thunder leading only 17-8. By the end of the first quarter, Martin had 11 points, the Thunder had an 18-point lead and New Orleans was out of the game. In just five minutes, Martin was 3 of 4, hitting two 3-pointers, was 3-for-3 from the free-throw line and had grabbed two rebounds. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "It's just one of those situations where a few things were said. It's funny -- while we were talking nobody was cussing. I don't cuss anyway. Scotty doesn't.  So we were just out there kind of yelling back and forth. Basically they were just kicking our butts." -- Hornets coach  Monty Williams  on situation as the first-half ended that required coaches to hold both teams back. 
 
 NOT:  Hornets forward  Anthony Davis  has cooled off after starting the season strong. Friday, against Oklahoma City, Davis went just 4-for-14, making him 6 of 21 in the past two games. Davis did have 11 rebounds, but he finished with only eight points. 
 
 NOTABLE:  New Orleans has given up at least 100 points in two consecutive games. The Hornets entered the game with the third-best scoring defense in the NBA, allowing just 90.5 points per game. ... Westbrook's double-double was his fifth of the season; the Thunder has played just 10 games. ... Oklahoma City scored a season-high 66 points in the first quarter after shooting 63.9 percent. ... Former Hornets forward  P.J. Brown  was at the game, watching from courtside seats. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Hornets: Saturday @ Milwaukee, Tuesday vs. New York, Wednesday @ Indiana. For the Thunder: Sunday vs. Golden State, Wednesday vs. L.A. Clippers, Friday @ Boston. 
