  Notebook: Jazz 102, Sixers 99   By Andrew Aragon, for NBA.com Posted Saturday December 31, 2011 3:02AM THE FACTS:  Utah Jazz center/forward  Derrick Favors  was removed from the starting lineup, and then he wasn't. Good thing for Utah he found his way back in. Favors scored a career-high 20 points and had 11 rebounds to lead the Jazz to a 102-99 victory over the Philadelphia 76ers on Friday night. Favors, the Jazz announced earlier on Friday, was being replaced by  Paul Millsap  in the starting lineup because of how he struggled in Utah's first two games. He was named a starter again less than an hour before tipoff because of an ankle injury to center  Al Jefferson . Millsap, who made his first start of the season, had 14 points and 14 rebounds for the Jazz, who overcame a 13-point second-quarter deficit.  Jrue Holiday  had a game-high 22 points for Philadelphia. QUOTABLE:  "He can be a monster down there and he's tough to handle when he plays like that. He can really help us and be an impact player."   -- Jazz forward  Gordon Hayward  on the play of Favors against the 76ers. THE STAT:  The entertaining game featured 12 lead changes, giving fans their money worth on Friday night. TURNING POINT:  Jazz coach  Tyrone Corbin  started the fourth quarter with a lineup of Favors, rookie  Enes Kanter ,  C.J. Miles ,  Earl Watson  and  Josh Howard . It was a gutsy move by the second-year coach to play an unorthodox lineup, and the five turned the game in Utah's favor. Miles hit a 3-pointer to give the Jazz the lead for good at 74-73. The five turned a two-point deficit at the start of the fourth into a 93-89 lead before Corbin made his first substitution in the period with 4:48 remaining. QUOTABLE II:  "It was tough. We had pretty good control of the game, then the physicality of the game changed. I thought they started knocking us around -- some loose balls and stuff. They are tough to play. They tight cut you on all that flex action. They had some guys come off the bench and play very well."   -- 76ers coach  Doug Collins  on his team losing a 13-point second-quarter lead. HOT:  Favors made some close-range shots and was tough to stop near the basket. He shot 10-for-16. Philadelphia's  Spencer Hawes  continued his outstanding play early in the season, shooting 7-for-9 with 15 points and 13 rebounds. NOT:  Millsap played hard like usual, but struggled with his stroke, shooting just 4-for-16.  Evan Turner  shot 0-for-5 for Philadelphia. ROOKIE WATCH:  Kanter, the third overall pick in the 2011 draft, provided the Jazz with some valuable minutes with Jefferson sitting out. He matched up with fellow rookie  Nikola Vucevic  early in the fourth quarter and had the upper hand. Kanter finished with four points and six rebounds in 15 minutes. Vucevic went scoreless and had two rebounds in nine minutes. QUOTABLE III:  "I liked the energy level they had, the way they pushed the ball up the floor, the way they really passed the ball to each other and the way they communicated. In the fourth quarter, that was really good for us."   -- Corbin on his five players who started the fourth quarter. NOTABLE:  Jefferson missed a game for the first time since joining the Jazz prior to last season. Philadelphia has lost 10 of its last 11 games in Utah. The Jazz avoided being 0-3 for the first time in 32 years.  Devin Harris  scored 19 points while shooting 8-for-9 from the free-throw line. It was the third game of a season-opening five-game road trip for the 76ers. UP NEXT:  For the 76ers, Saturday @ Golden State, Wednesday @ New Orleans, Friday vs. Pistons. For the Jazz, Saturday @ San Antonio, Monday vs. Hornets, Tuesday vs. Bucks.  