
 Raptors-Sixers notebook   By Andy Jasner, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday November 17, 2010 10:49PM THE FACTS:   Andrea Bargnani  scored 30 points and  Sonny Weems  contributed a career-high 25 points for the Toronto Raptors in their impressive 94-86 win over the struggling Philadelphia 76ers.  Elton Brand  scored 27 points and  Jrue Holiday  had 17 points for the Sixers, who fell to 2-10. QUOTABLE:  "When we're playing defense like that, we're a much better team."  --  Toronto forward  Reggie Evans THE STAT:  The Sixers 56 points in the paint and 21 free throws made for a total of 77 of their 86 points overall. The Sixers shot 4-for-32 outside the paint. TURNING POINT:  The Raptors snapped an 85-85 tie with a 9-1 run to close the game. Bargnani and Weems made clutch shots and Toronto clamped down on defense. HOT:  Brand played one of his strongest games this season and wound up with 27 points and eight rebounds. He was solid inside and outside and resembled the marquee free agent the Sixers courted a few years ago. NOT:   Lou Williams  missed all seven of his shots and seemed to struggle defensively. QUOTABLE II:  "This was a big confidence boost for us. Any win in this league on the road is a good win. This was a win that we really needed."   -- Toronto guard  Jose Calderon FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Brand not only shot the ball well, he got to the free throw line. That hasn't always been the case this season. Brand was 9-for-11 from the line. INSIDE THE ARENA:  It was another small crowd for the Sixers with no celebrities in sight. As long as the Sixers are losing, the big names will likely stay home. GOOD MOVE:   Evan Turner  played 43 minutes and stayed on the floor in crunch time for the Sixers. This is exactly how Turner is going to learn, by getting major minutes. BAD MOVE:  Toronto coach  Jay Triano  kept Evans in the game with three fouls as the third quarter was winding down. So what happened? Evans committed his fourth foul. ROOKIE WATCH:  Turner had arguably his best game as a rookie for the Sixers with 11 points, 12 rebounds and four assists. NOTABLE:  Weems scored 25 points for Toronto. If the Raptors can continue to receive that type of production from Weems, it will surely be an added bonus. UP NEXT:  For the Raptors, Friday vs. Houston, Sunday vs. Boston, Wednesday vs. Philadelphia. For the Sixers, Friday vs. Milwaukee, Tuesday at Washington, Wednesday at Toronto. 
