  Notebook: Hawks 101, Suns 99 Posted Thursday February 16, 2012 12:47AM By Mike Tulumello, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The Atlanta Hawks are perfecting the art of the zone defense. The Phoenix Suns, who led for almost all of the first three quarters Wednesday night in Arizona, couldn't crack the Hawks' zone when it counted most: down the stretch in a 101-99 Hawks' win. "We couldn't get anything going against their zone...This is the team that probably plays more zone than anybody," Suns coach  Alvin Gentry  said. "We got bogged down,"  Steve Nash  said. The Hawks moved their record to 19-11 while the Suns fell to 12-18. The Suns' season is hanging by a thread after losing all three of their first of two back-to-back-to-back sets. Josh Smith  led the Hawks with 30 points, which tied a season high, and 17 boards. Nash had 22 points and 16 assists for the Suns. Smith said he realized the Suns were keying on  Joe Johnson , so "We needed offense from somewhere else." The Suns, seemingly buried late in the game, went on a 6-0 run keyed by a falling-down, back-to the-basket, 3-point play by Nash to draw within 98-95.  Channing Frye's  3-pointer with 12 seconds left could have tied it, but his shot fell well short. "A great shot...I just didn't get enough of my legs into it...with a triple back-to-back." Frye said. The Hawks, who rested  Tracy McGrady  on the hind end of a back-to-back set, broke a five-game losing streak versus the Suns. QUOTABLE:  "I was going to pull Josh (Smith) early in the fourth quarter. I was going to give him a quick blow. But he wanted to stay in. I'm glad he did. He had a phenomenal game."   -- Hawks coach  Larry Drew . THE STAT:   Willie Green  had 20 points off the bench for the Hawks. None of the Suns' reserves broke double figures. TURNING POINT:  The Hawks took off on a 12-0 run early in the fourth quarter to turn an 81-76 deficit into an 88-81 lead. QUOTABLE II:  "We did a great job of taking  Joe Johnson  (guarded by  Grant Hill ) out of the game. But that left other guys open, and they knocked shots down."   -- Gentry FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Rookie  Markieff Morris  and veteran  Michael Redd  have been, by far, the Suns' best bench players lately. Redd has averaged 12.0 points the past six games. Morris has averaged 14.3 points and 5.3 rebounds the past four games. Other Suns' reserves likely aren't going to do much for a fantasy team. NOTABLE:  The Hawks are 12-1 when scoring 100-plus points. UP NEXT:  For the Hawks, Saturday @ Portland, Monday @ Chicago and Wednesday @ NY Knicks. For the Suns, Friday @ Los Angeles Lakers, Sunday vs. Lakers and Monday vs. Wizards.  