  Lakers-Grizzlies notebook   By Marlon W. Morgan, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday December 1, 2010 12:21AM THE FACTS:  Memphis guard  Mike Conley  repeatedly took advantage of slower Los Angeles Lakers point guards  Derek Fisher  and  Steve Blake , scoring a season-high 28 points to lead the Grizzlies to a 98-96 win. A last-second shot by  Ron Artest  was blocked by  Rudy Gay , his career-high sixth block of the game. QUOTABLE:  "It was fun. I always love being competitive. When everybody talks about Kobe is the best in the world, that's one of the funnest things you can do when you're 19 years old. To actually be able to go up and down with him, that's great for me. ... I just wanted to make the game tough on Kobe anyway I could. I knew he could shoot and what he could do in the post, but I just wanted to make it tough on him and that's what I did."   -- Grizzlies rookie guard  Xavier Henry  on starting against  Kobe Bryant THE STAT:  One way the Grizzlies managed to overcome being dominated on the boards, 42-29, was their ability to hold onto the ball. The Grizzlies had a season-low seven turnovers, compared to 15 by the Lakers, which led to a 16-5 edge in points off of turnovers. TURNING POINT:  Fisher's jumper to start the third quarter tied the game at 51. But when Conley answered with one of his four 3-pointers, the Grizzlies went on a 13-2 run and never relinquished their lead. HOT:  Conley, the one Grizzlies player Memphis fans love to hate, turned in his best outing of the season. Conley made 10 of his 13 shots, including 4-for-5 from 3-point range. He also had three assists, three rebounds and a pair of steals as the Lakers simply had no answer for him. NOT:  Although he managed to score 29 points, it was a tough shooting night for Bryant, who missed 16 of his 25 shot attempts, Bryant missed 10 straight shots in the second and third quarters. ROOKIE WATCH:  In addition to holding his own against Bryant defensively, Henry was aggressive on the offensive end, scoring 12 points on 6-for-11 shooting, his highest point total as a starter (five games). NOTABLE:  The Grizzlies and Lakers are teams headed in opposite directions. The Grizzlies won for the fourth time in five games after suffering a season-high five-game losing streak. It was also their fourth straight home win. Meanwhile, the Lakers have now lost a season-high three in a row, equaling their longest losing streak since acquiring Pau Gasol on Feb. 1, 2008. UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Wednesday @ Houston, Friday vs. Sacramento, Tuesday vs. Washington; For the Grizzlies, Wednesday @ Atlanta, Friday vs. Houston, Sunday @ Denver.  