  Hornets-Thunder notebook   By Randy Renner, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday November 30, 2010 12:24AM THE FACTS:  The Oklahoma City Thunder used a 20-8 run over the last 5:50 of the game to spark a come-from-behind 95-89 win over the New Orleans Hornets. Thunder forward  Kevin Durant  led all scorers with 26 points and also pulled down 11 rebounds and blocked two shots. OKC point guard  Russell Westbrook  also had a double-double with 25 points and 11 assists to go along with five steals. Hornets forward  David West  led New Orleans with 20 points and point guard  Chris Paul  added 17 with 14 assists and five steals. Oklahoma City was 13-for-14 on free throws down the stretch. THE STAT:  In the last 5:50 of the game, the Thunder defense held the Hornets to just 2-for-12 shooting. For the game, OKC out-rebounded New Orleans 56-36. QUOTABLE:  "That's how you win in the NBA, with stops and rebounds. That stretch was critical and we played with everything we had."   --Thunder coach  Scott Brooks TURNING POINT:  Durant was not having his best shooting night but his defense came up huge for Oklahoma City in the last five minutes. Durant blocked shots on two consecutive Hornets possessions to help bring the Thunder back from a six-point deficit. QUOTABLE II:  "Kevin's shot wasn't falling and when that happens you have to find other ways to win. His defense on David West was big and those two blocks were huge."   --Brooks HOT:  Down the stretch in the fourth quarter Westbrook scored 12 points on 3-for-3 shooting including a critical 3-pointer. Westbrook also was 5-for-6 at the line in the last 5:50 of the game. NOT:  In that same stretch, Hornets stars West and Paul were a combined 1-for-8 for five points. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Former University of Oklahoma football star  Marcus Dupree  sat courtside as a guest of the Thunder. Dupree had a fantastic freshman season at OU in 1982. He was a Heisman front-runner going into the 1983 season but abruptly left the Sooners after the Texas game in 1983 and never returned to the team. His life story was told recently in the ESPN 30-for-30 movie  The Best That Never Was . GOOD MOVE:  With time winding down in the first half and New Orleans trailing by four, Paul bounced the basketball just to the left of the circle. As he watched the clock tick down Paul gave a slight nod to center  Emeka Okafor , who then drove uncontested into the lane where Paul hit him with a perfect pass and Okafor dropped the ball into the basket. BAD MOVE:  Paul, on his way for what he thought would be a break-away, uncontested layup in the third quarter, slowed down just a little as he got into the lane. That gave Thunder forward  Jeff Green  time to catch up. Green then leapt into the air and swatted away Paul's attempted layup for a rousing block that sent the sellout OKC crowd into a frenzy. ROOKIE WATCH:  Hornets forward  Quincy Pondexter  played 9:24 and scored four points. Thunder center  Cole Aldrich  is on assignment to the Tulsa 66ers of the NBA D-League. NOTABLE:  Oklahoma City is now 4-0 in the second game of back-to-backs. Paul has had a double-double in 16 of the Hornets' 17 games. UP NEXT:  For the Hornets, Thursday vs. Charlotte, Saturday vs. New York, Monday @ San Antonio. For the Thunder, Wednesday @ New Jersey, Friday @ Toronto, Sunday vs. Golden State.  