Notebook: Sixers 95, Celtics 94, OT 
 
 
 Andy Jasner, For NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Dec 07, 2012 11:16 PM - Updated Fri Dec 07, 2012 11:16 PM 
 
 THE FACTS :  Evan Turner  had 26 points and 10 rebounds, including the game-winning jumper with 3.9 seconds left, as the Philadelphia 76ers defeated the Boston Celtics 95-94 in overtime Friday night at the Wells Fargo Center.  Thaddeus Young  added 17 points and 12 rebounds while  Jrue Holiday  scored 15 points before fouling out.  Jason Richardson  had 13 points and  Spencer Hawes  10 for the Sixers, who improved to 11-8. 
 
 Paul Pierce  paced the Celtics with 27 points while  Rajon Rondo  notched his first triple-double of the season with a stellar 16-point, 14-assist, 13-rebound performance.  Jeff Green  contributed 19 points off the bench and  Kevin Garnett  had 17 points and 10 rebounds for the Celtics (10-9). Rondo had a chance to win the game at the buzzer but misfired with an airball from the baseline. 
 
 QUOTABLE : "We told Evan [Turner], 'The ball is in your hands. Take us home.'" 
 -- Thaddeus Young on Turner's game winner 
 
 THE STAT : The Sixers won despite making a season-low two 3-pointers. They were 2-for-11. 
 
 TURNING POINT : There were 19 lead changes and 17 ties in this rivalry game between two storied franchises. Through the years, many of these games have gone down to the final possession. This was no different. 
 
 HOT : Rondo was 8-for-14 from the field, while Garnett wnet 7-for-11 on his shots. 
 
 NOT :  Jason Terry  struggled mightily while missing 11 of his 12 shots for the Celtics. For the Sixers,  Dorell Wright  was 0-for-5. 
 
 QUOTABLE II : "It was a tough loss. We played hard all game. I don't think we necessarily played well, but we played hard and I'll take that." 
 -- Celtics coach  Doc Rivers 
 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT : Rondo, Rondo, Rondo. Boston's star point guard recorded his 14th career triple double to go along with three steals and three blocked shots. 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA : There's always a good bit of buzz for a Celtics-Sixers game, and that was certainly the case here. The fans were loud from the opening tip and stayed that way all night. 
 
 QUOTABLE III : "It's huge to get this victory. Our competition with Boston is always a highlight." 
 -- Evan Turner on the Sixers-Celtics rivalry 
 
 GOOD MOVE : Sixers coach  Doug Collins  put the ball in Turner's hands, even more so when Holiday fouled out. Turner came through at the end, even though he had missed his previous four shots in overtime. 
 
 BAD MOVE : Garnett had a clear look at the basket on Boston's final possession, but he passed the ball to Rondo at the last minute. Rondo had a good look but seemed rushed, and slipped as he fired. Garnett might have taken the last shot with his size advantage. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH : Boston forward  Jared Sullinger  had five rebounds while forward  Kris Joseph  didn't play. For the Sixers, forward  Arnett Moultrie  was scoreless in seven minutes while guard  Maalik Wayns  was a DNP-CD. 
 
 NOTABLE : The Sixers are 2-0 against Boston this season and have won five of the last seven regular season games after losing 12 of the previous 14. ... Boston had been 13-0 all-time when Rondo compiled a triple-double. ... Young earned his fifth double-double of the season. ... Turner has scored 20 or more points five times this season. ... The Celtics shot 43.2 percent from the field. Philadelphia is 6-2 when holding its opponent below 45 percent shooting. ... The Sixers are 3-0 in games decided by four or fewer points after going 1-8 last season. ... Rondo's 13 rebounds were a season high. ... Sixers guard  Nick Young  (left toe), guard  Royal Ivey  (right groin strain) and center  Kwame Brown  (stomach virus) all sat out. ... Boston had seven offensive rebounds compared to 17 for the Sixers. 
 
 NEXT : For the Celtics, Saturday vs. Boston, Wednesday vs. Dallas, Friday @ Houston. For the Sixers, Saturday @ Boston, Monday vs. Detroit, Wednesday vs. Chicago. 
