Notebook: Timberwolves 95, Bucks 85 
 
 
 Jim Beilby, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Nov 30, 2012 11:13 PM - Updated Fri Nov 30, 2012 11:13 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:  On a night where made shots were not common, the Minnesota Timberwolves did enough to defeat the Milwaukee Bucks 95-85.   Alevey Shved  scored 16 for Minnesota and the tandem of  Kevin Love  and  Nikola Pekovic  accounted for 30 rebounds.  Monta Ellis  and  Brandon Jennings  led the way for Milwaukee, scoring 18 points each. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I thought it was a really solid win for us.  After coming off that road trip and everything, we really defended well all night long.  Even when they made their run in the third quarter, we defended well enough to keep the lead and then made some plays in the fourth quarter." 
 -- Minnesota coach  Rick Adelman 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Minnesota shot 39 percent from the floor and Milwaukee shot 36 percent, but Minnesota won the battle of the boards, outrebounding Milwaukee 67-57.  And Milwaukee's defense was sloppy, commiting 24 personal fouls, 11 more than Minnesota.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  After leading by 13 in the third quarter, Minnesota saw its lead evaporate as it only made three field goals in the remainder of the quarter.  Milwaukee got within one point, trailing 70-69 with 9:51 to play in the game.  Minnesota responded with a 17-5 run, including some big shots by Shved, effectively sealing their victory. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We had our issues and some issues on the defensive end but overall we came out in the third quarter and we had a bunch of looks. We hit the rim had some layups and some shots in the paint and they just didn't go down for us and then we just slowly fell behind and had to battle back again. We just didn't have enough." 
 -- Milwaukee coach  Scott Skiles 
 
 
 HOT:  Minnesota's front court of Love and Pekovic shot a combined 9-for-14 in the first half, tallying 12 points each. 
 
 NOT:  Love and Pekovic went cold in the second half, shooting a combined 1-for-17 and missing their first 13 shots of the second half. 
 
 NOTABLE: Larry Sanders  tallied five blocks in the first quarter alone and finished with a personal-best 10 blocks, tying a team record set by  Kareen Abdul-Jabbar  on Nov. 3, 1973 against Detriot.  Milwaukee guard  Beno Udrih  sustained an injury to his right leg with 7:54 to play in the game following a foul by Kevin Love. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Wolves, Tuesday @ Philadelphia, Wednesday @ Boston, Friday vs. Cleveland.  For the Bucks, Saturday vs. Boston, Monday @ New Orleans, Wednesday @ San Antonio. 
