  Notebook: Magic 113, Sixers 100 Posted Monday April 16, 2012 11:05PM By Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com THE FACTS:   Ryan Anderson ,  Jameer Nelson  and  Earl Clark  had double-doubles, leading the injury-depleted Orlando Magic to a 113-100 victory over the Philadelphia 76ers. Anderson scored a game-high 26 points and took down a game-high 16 rebounds while Clark, coming off the bench, grabbed a career-high 11 rebounds and matched his career-high of 14 points. Nelson finished with 16 points and 13 assists. Jrue Holiday  scored 12 of his team-leading 18 points in the first 10 minutes for the 76ers, who lost for the 20th time in 31 games. QUOTABLE:  "This is what team sports is all about. Guys go down and it's always unfortunate, but that gives other guys opportunities that they didn't have before. Right now guys are making the most of it."   -- Magic swingman  Quentin Richardson THE STAT:  Playing without injured centers  Dwight Howard  and  Glen Davis , the Magic had a 36-20 rebounding advantage. QUOTABLE II:  "They just hammered us. We said going in that's going to be a real key, rebounding the ball. We didn't rebound it. Ryan Anderson had eight offensive rebounds, I think our three (starting) bigs had 10 defensive rebounds."   -- 76ers coach  Doug Collins TURNING POINT:  After making only nine of their first 27 shots, the Magic were down, 27-21, early in the second quarter. Anderson drove for a reverse layup and from that point on, Orlando shot 62 percent overall, including 10-of-14 from 3-point range. HOT:   Anderson shot 11-for-16 and made both of his 3-point shots. QUOTABLE III:  "I haven't been shooting the ball super well the past couple of nights, so I wanted to make sure I got myself going on the offensive boards and just get some easy baskets around the bucket . . . That's something I can get myself active with, something I can control.   -- Magic forward Anderson NOT:  The Sixers shot 50 percent, but an indicator of how "cold" they were at the defensive end was this -- the Magic shot six free throws in the entire game. GOOD MOVE:   Daniel Orton  started out of necessity for the Magic at center, but he played limited minutes and stayed out of serious foul trouble. BAD MOVE:  In an attempt to take advantage of the injuries to Howard (back) and Davis (knee), the Sixers went small, starting  Elton Brand  at center and moving  Thaddeus Young  into the starting lineup. It helped them get off to a good start, but the final three quarters were a defensive disaster. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Anderson, generally regarded as a finesse player because he leads the NBA in 3-point field goals, has 15 double-digit rebound games this season. ROOKIE WATCH:  Orton got his first career start at center for the Magic, but played fewer minutes (24) than he played Sunday night (29) in the game in which Davis hurt his knee. Orton had six points and six rebounds. NOTABLE:  The last time three Magic players recorded double-doubles in the same game was on Nov. 4, 2009. That time it was Jameer Nelson, Ryan Anderson and  Matt Barnes  ... Seven Magic players scored in a 40-point second quarter in which they shot 70 percent. UP NEXT:  For the 76ers, Tuesday vs. Indiana, Wednesday vs. Saturday @ Indiana. For the Magic, Wednesday @ Boston, Saturday @ Utah, Sunday @ Denver.  