  Notebook: Hornets 89, Knicks 85 Posted Friday February 17, 2012 11:52PM Adam Zagoria, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Linsanity has hit a speed bump. At least for now.  Jeremy Lin  and the Knicks saw their seven-game winning streak come to an end at the hands of the New Orleans Hornets, 89-85, at Madison Square Garden. New Orleans, which owns the NBA's second-worst record (7-23), led the entire game. All five Hornets starters scored in double-figures, led by  Trevor Ariza's  25.  Greivis Vasquez  added 15 points and 11 assists. Lin put up 26 points and five assists but also tallied eight of his nine turnovers in the first half.  Amar'e Stoudemire  added 26 points and 12 boards for the Knicks. QUOTABLE:  "It was just a lackluster effort on my part coming out and [being] careless with the ball. Nine turnovers is obviously never gonna get it done from your primary ball-handler. It's on me in terms of taking care of the ball and the game in general. If everyone's going to credit me for these last seven games, then I definitely deserve this one. So that's fine by me."   -- Lin THE STAT:  The Knicks shot 19-for-29 from the line and 4-for-24 from beyond the arc, which helps explain why they signed  J.R. Smith  Friday. Smith is a career 37 percent 3-point shooter and went 14-for-18 from beyond the arc in a recent Chinese League game. QUOTABLE II:  "Obviously we could've used him [Smith] tonight and Melo."    -- Knicks coach  Mike D'Antoni THE STAT II:  Lin has 45 turnovers in his first seven starts. That is an NBA record (since 1977-78).  Glenn Robinson  is second with 38, according to the Elias Sports Bureau. QUOTABLE III:  "I don't think he expected to go without a defeat this year, so I think he's fine."   -- D'Antoni on Lin TURNING POINT:  After the Knicks closed a 13-point second-half deficit to 82-80 on a pair of Lin foul shots,  Gustavo Ayon  scored on a cutting layup to extend the lead to 84-80. The Knicks were within three at 85-82, but  Landry Fields  inexplicably fouled  Marco Belinelli  despite Belinelli having nowhere to go while trapped on the sideline. Belinelli drained two free throws for an 87-82 lead. WHO'S HOT:  Despite his turnover numbers, Lin has scored 20-plus points in seven of his eight starts. He has also dished seven or more assists in seven of the eight games. WHO'S NOT:  Starting in place of  Carmelo Anthony  (groin),  Billy Walker  went 1-for-5 for two points. Walker will return to the bench Sunday if Anthony is healthy enough to play, and Walker will also likely lose playing time to Smith when he arrives. QUOTABLE IV:  "I don't think this is good because I hate losing."    -- Lin NOTABLE:  Knicks interim GM  Glen Grunwald  credited  Mark Warkentien  with the signing of Smith. "Mark Warkentien obviously was the general manager in Denver with J.R. and he was instrumental in getting this done and he obviously was very supportive and obviously the key guy to get this done," Grunwald said. Smith won't play Sunday against the Dallas Mavericks, D'Antoni said, but could debut Monday against the Nets or Wednesday against Atlanta. NOTABLE II:   Baron Davis  played 3-on-3 Friday and will do so Saturday, according to D'Antoni, who left the door open for him to play this week. INSIDE THE ARENA:   Paul McCartney  and NFL Hall of Famer  Jerry Rice  sat courtside. UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Sunday vs. Mavericks, Monday vs. Nets, Wednesday vs. Hawks. For the Hornets, Monday @ Oklahoma City, Tuesday @ Indiana, Wednesday @ Cleveland.  