  Suns-Clippers notebook   By Dan Arritt, for NBA.com Posted Sunday December 26, 2010 6:49PM THE FACTS:  The Los Angeles Clippers withstood a late comeback from the Phoenix Suns on Sunday afternoon and held on to win for the fourth time in the last five games, 108-103, at Staples Center. QUOTABLE : "We lost the game in the first half."    - Phoenix guard Steve Nash THE STAT:  Clippers rookie  Blake Griffin  fouled out for the second time in his professional career, but still totaled 28 points, 12 rebounds and four assists for his 18th consecutive double-double. Griffin is one of only three players in the NBA averaging at least 20 points and 12 rebounds, joining  Dwight Howard  of Orlando and  Kevin Love  of Minnesota. TURNING POINT:  The Suns crawled back from an 18-point first-half deficit and tied the score, 85-85, with just under eight minutes remaining, but the Clippers followed with an 8-0 run highlighted by a 3-pointer by  Baron Davis.  Phoenix never got even again. QUOTE II:  "In the second half, we got a little bit out of rhythm. But we stuck to it and pulled out a win."  --  Davis, who finished with 15 points and nine assists HOT:  Phoenix guard  Mickael Pietrus , in just his second game since his trade from Orlando, keyed the comeback. He scored 15 of his team-high 25 points in the fourth quarter, shooting 3-for-4 from beyond the 3-point stripe in that span. He never got off his final 3-point try, however, as  Eric Gordon  stripped the ball away with 9.9 seconds remaining, leading to a slam dunk by  Al-Farouq Aminu  for the game's final points. NOT: Phoenix forward  Jared Dudley,  who had a career-high 27 points Monday against San Antonio and then topped that with 33 on Thursday against Miami, finished with six points on 1-for-5 shooting. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Nash, who came in averaging 17 points and 10.5 assists, bounced back from a slow first half and finished with 21 points and 15 assists. GOOD MOVE:  Phoenix elected to intentionally foul Clippers center  DeAndre Jordan  with about 3 1/2  minutes remaining and it paid off as Jordan shot 3-for-6 from the line in three trips, giving the Suns an opening to come back. Jordan came in shooting 44.4 percent from the line. BAD MOVE:  Anybody who paid top dollar and wasted their Christmas watching the Lakers play haplessly against the Miami Heat. The Clippers continue to play a more exciting brand of basketball and remain one of the best deals in town. ROOKIE WATCH:  Aminu finished with nine points and four rebounds in 22 minutes of court time, his most action in nearly a month. NOTABLE:  The Clippers ended a nine-game losing streak against the Suns while playing before their second sellout of the season. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Monday @ Sacramento, Wednesday vs. Utah, Sunday vs. Atlanta. For the Suns, Wednesday vs. Philadelphia, Friday vs. Detroit, Sunday @ Sacramento.  