  Notebook: Grizzlies 109, Cavaliers 101 Posted Tuesday April 24, 2012 12:14AM By Marlon W. Morgan for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Watching Memphis native  Lester Hudson  score nine second-quarter points got teammate  Tony Allen  pumped, to the point where the Memphis Grizzlies guard had his best game since returning from a five-game absence with facial lacerations. Allen recorded a franchise-record eight steals to go with 13 points and eight rebounds as the Grizzlies beat Cleveland 109-101 for their fifth consecutive win overall and their 10th in a row at FedExForum. QUOTABLE:  "When I look at Lester, he's kind of like the  Jeremy Lin  story, a great success. He's a hard-worker, a grit and grind guy. He's definitely Team G & G. When I got out there to play with him, I was looking for him every time I got a rebound or a steal. I'm happy for him."    -- Allen on newly acquired Memphis guard Hudson THE STAT:  With one home game remaining against Orlando on Thursday night, the Grizzlies can tie their franchise record with 11 consecutive wins at FedExFoum. That record was set from Dec. 18, 2009 to Jan. 25, 2010. TURNING POINT:  The Grizzlies, who have struggled in their last six games against teams out of the playoff picture, gave the Cavaliers several chances down the stretch to pull out the win. But trailing 100-98 with 2:17 to play, the Cavaliers missed five free throws in their next three possessions, allowing the Grizzlies to pull out another victory. Cleveland rookie  Kyrie Irving  was 0-for-2 and fellow rookie  Tristan Thompson  was 1-for-4 down the stretch. HOT:  Memphis forward  Marreese Speights  had his best offensive output in nearly a month, scoring 17 points on 6-for-9 shooting. Speights also had a team-high 10 rebounds, giving him back-to-back double-doubles for the first time since Feb. 15 and 17. NOT:  Grizzlies forward  Zach Randolph  appeared to be in a funk all night. Coming off the bench again, Randolph picked up three fouls in the first half. In just over seven minutes in the half, he failed to take a shot, had just one rebound and committed two turnovers. Randolph started the second half, but wasn't much better, going 1-for-5 from the floor and grabbing four more rebounds. Randolph played the entire third quarter and finished the game with three points and five rebounds. QUOTABLE II:  "I picture myself in my backyard, and it just didn't go my way. The thing about those two misses, they were both long. So I just had to pull back a little bit. It's just two misses, but like I said, it's part of the game of basketball. You win some, you lose some."    -- Cleveland's Irving NOTABLE:  The win kept the Grizzlies hopes alive at possibly catching the Los Angeles Clippers for the No. 4 position and home-court advantage in the first round of the Western Conference playoffs. The Grizzlies are now a half-game behind the Clippers. In addition to winning their season finale against Orlando on Thursday, the Grizzlies need the Clippers to lose their final two games at Atlanta and New York. ... Memphis forward  Quincy Pondexter  left the game with 7:58 remaining in the second quarter when he was hit in his left knee. Pondexter did not return and will have an MRI on Tuesday morning. ... Irving was impressive, scoring a game-high 25 points on 10-for-16 shooting. Unfortunately, his only two missed free throws came with 2:17 to play and the Cavs trailing 100-98 at the time. ... Grizzlies coach  Lionel Hollins  said how much is starters play Thursday will depend on whether or not the team is playing for home-court advantage in the playoffs. UP NEXT:  For the Cavaliers, Wednesday vs. Washington, Thursday @ Chicago. For the Grizzlies, Thursday vs. Orlando.  