  Grizzlies-Clippers notebook   By Bryan Chu, for NBA.com Posted Thursday April 14, 2011 3:01AM THE FACTS:  With a microphone in one hand before the game,  Blake Griffin  voiced what many Clippers fans have been saying for quite some time. "I can't wait until next year." But unlike past seasons, there is plenty to be excited about in Los Angeles, especially with how Griffin and the Clippers ended the year with a bang. Behind Griffin's second career triple-double, the Clippers gutted out a 110-103 decision against the short-handed Grizzlies Wednesday at Staples Center. With the victory in their season finale, the Clippers (32-50) snapped a three-game losing streak and ended the year on a high note. Griffin had a monster stat line: 31 points, 10 rebounds and 10 assists.  Eric Gordon  had 23 points and six assists, and  DeAndre Jordan  logged 14 points and 10 rebounds. Even though the Grizzlies (46-36) dropped their final two regular season games, their season continues. Memphis is the No. 8 seed and will head to San Antonio to face the top-seed Spurs Sunday at 1 p.m. ET in the first round of the playoffs. The teams split the season series 2-2. Memphis was shorthanded against Los Angeles as Memphis coach  Lionel Hollins  elected to sit out three of his key starters,  Zach Randolph ,  Mike Conley , and  Tony Allen . Against the Clippers,  Sam Young  led Memphis with 22 points and  Greivis Vasquez  chipped in with 17. About the only excitement in the game aside from the late push by Memphis were the two minor skirmishes between Memphis forward  Leon Powe  and  Griffin . Powe and Griffin were going at it all night. Both received a technical in the first quarter and then Powe got his second one when he chest bumped Griffin at halfcourt with 37.5 seconds remaining in the first half. QUOTABLE:  "Well, you can't say we don't make it interesting. That's a microcosm of our season, almost two different teams. In the first half, we were energetic...but as young teams sometimes do, we started looking at the score, but we made enough plays down the stretch."   -- Clippers coach  Vinny Del Negro  said . QUOTABLE II:  "Playoffs are so much fun and we have so many guys experiencing playoffs for the first time. It's going to be exciting to see them go through it. It will definitely be an eye-opening experience that first night in San Antonio...(The key is) we gotta make some shots. They're going to pack the paint obviously with Zach and [ Marc Gasol ] inside. To loosen the paint, we have to make some shots...I'm excited. You never take the playoffs for granted; I missed the playoffs the last two seasons."   -- Grizzlies forward  Shane Battier  on the playoffs. THE STAT:  29 -- The lead the Clippers had by halftime. TURNING POINT:  The Clippers jumped out to an 11-0 to start the game thanks in large part to Griffin, who had 10 of his 13 first quarter points during that stretch. At the end of the first quarter, Los Angeles led 34-20 after shooting a blistering 63.6 percent from the field. Not much changed in the second quarter as the Clippers outscored them 32-17 to take a dominating 66-37 at halftime. HOT:  Griffin did everything in this one, and he did it efficiently. Griffin was 13-for-21 shooting. NOT:  The Clippers in the second half allowed Memphis to crawl back into the game. After leading by as many as 30, the Grizzlies outscored the Clippers 66-44 in the second half. Memphis got to within 107-103 with 33.5 seconds to go, but the Clippers held on. ROOKIE WATCH:  The Griffin rookie campaign came to a close Wednesday, and he ended it in stellar fashion with another triple-double. Fittingly, Griffin was fighting for everything until the very last second. He got his 10th rebound on an offensive tip off his own miss with 0.4 seconds left in the game. With as many injuries as the Clippers have had this season, Griffin was one of the only constants. He played all 82 games in his first season. "He had an impressive rookie season," Del Negro said. "Probably more so than anyone expected, maybe even him. The exciting thing for Blake and for myself, team and fans is that I know there's a lot more there." Asked if he sees any scenario that Griffin would not be a unanimous shoe-in for Rookie of the Year, Del Negro said emphatically, "No." Del Negro added, "He passed all the tests this year...if someone doesn't vote for Blake, they haven't been watching a lot of basketball." QUOTABLE III:  "I didn't plan on getting one tonight. I swear I didn't mean to miss that last shot. I turned and I was going to throw the ball out. I just took the shot and it came off and I had to tip it in."   -- Griffin on his triple-double. QUOTABLE IV:  "It just hit me that it's over...you kind of just exhale...it was busy, it was hectic, if I had to do it all over, I would do it the exact same way."   -- Griffin on his rookie year. QUOTABLE V:  "We're looking good and we're on our way up. We know how tough the Western Conference is. We know where we want to be. We feel like we can compete with anybody."   -- Clippers guard  Mo Williams  on the future. NOTABLE:  Clippers center  Chris Kaman  (knee) and  Ryan Gomes  (knee) were out for tonight's game. Kaman, who has only played in 32 games this season because of a sprained ankle, has a bone bruise in his right knee, an injury that happened against Oklahoma City last Wednesday. "His movement wasn't great during shootaround," Del Negro said. "It's unfortunate, but he's fine." ... Clippers forward  Craig Smith  was ejected from the game at the 2:16 mark of the third quarter when he was whistled for a Flagrant 1 on Grizzlies center  Hamed Haddadi . Shortly after, Smith picked up two technicals. UP NEXT:  For the Grizzlies, Sunday @ San Antonio in the first round of the playoffs.  