  Pacers-Heat notebook   By Shandel Richardson, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday February 8, 2011 11:29PM THE FACTS:  The Miami Heat defeated the Indiana Pacers 117-112 Tuesday at AmericanAirlines Arena. It was the Heat's seventh straight victory, but it wasn't easy. The Heat trailed by 14 in the first half and were down seven at the start of the fourth quarter. Forward  LeBron James  scored a game-high 41 points while forward  Chris Bosh  added 19 points and seven rebounds. Guard  Dwyane Wade  added 17 points and seven rebounds. Center  Roy Hibbert  led the Pacers with 20 points and 10 rebounds. The win allowed the Heat to avenge an embarrassing 93-77 loss to Indiana Nov. 20. QUOTABLE:  "This was a shootout for three quarters, both teams scoring the ball making highlight plays. ... Finally, we made a stand in the fourth quarter. That's a good basketball team and they're playing with a lot of confidence now."   -- Heat coach  Erik Spoelstra THE STAT:  15 points in the fourth quarter. That's what the Heat allowed after the Pacers scored 97 through the first three. The Heat turned up the defensive intensity, which helped them avoid falling to 0-2 against the Pacers. TURNING POINT:  The Heat were in danger of being blown out just before halftime, but James and  Mario Chalmers  keyed an 11-0 finish to the half. James scored the final seven points of the quarter. QUOTABLE II:  "I've watched him in practice and on the planes and the buses. He has more energy. He's just one of those guys, he's joking and laughing early in the morning and I don't want to talk to anybody. He really puts that energy out there when needed."'   -- Bosh, on James' energy HOT:  After scoring a season-low 12 points against the Clippers, James responded by going 15-for-23 from the field.     NOT:  The entire Pacers team in the fourth quarter. They had their way against the Heat for most of the way until going cold in the fourth. The Pacers had scored 29, 37 and 31 in the opening three quarters before their dismal fourth. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Aside from shooting exceptionally well, James also had 13 rebounds, eight assists and three steals. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Rapper  Lil Wayne . GOOD MOVE:  Spoelstra's decision to put James on Pacers guard  Darren Collison  in the fourth quarter. It was the key to slowing Indiana's offense in the decisive quarter. BAD MOVE:  The Pacers had a chance to tie, but failed to inbounds the ball on the final possession. Some credit goes to the Heat's defense, but you have to question the coaching in those situations. NOTABLE:  Heat forward  James Jones  will participate in the 3-point Shootout during NBA All-Star Weekend. He joins James, Wade, Bosh and rookie  Dexter Pittman  as Heat participants in the weekend. James, Wade and Bosh will play in the All-Star Game while Pittman will compete in the D-League All-Star Game. UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Friday @ Detroit, Sunday @ Boston, Feb. 15 @ Indiana. For the Pacers, Wednesday vs. Charlotte, Friday vs. Minnesota, Saturday @ Milwaukee.  