  Notebook: Magic 86, Nets 70 Posted Friday March 16, 2012 11:11PM By Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The Orlando Magic led by double figures throughout the last three quarters and beat the New Jersey Nets for the 10th straight time, 86-70. Dwight Howard  scored a game-high 18 points in the first game since signing off his early-termination option to remain with the Magic beyond Thursday's trade deadline.  Gerald Green  came off the bench to lead the injury-riddled Nets with 14 points. QUOTABLE:  "I don't think anyone asked me any questions about trades, so that part is over with."   -- Howard THE STAT:  Nets starters produced a total of nine field goals and shot 22.5 percent. QUOTABLE II:  "Our starters had, I think, seven points at the half, and I don't think I've seen that in a long time, if ever."   -- Nets coach  Avery Johnson ANOTHER STAT: Jerry Smith , signed by the Nets to a 10-day day contract Friday, is the fifth D-League player the Nets have added to their roster this season. TURNING POINT:  The turning point for this game came on Thursday when Howard waived his early-termination option, keeping the Magic from trading him, perhaps to New Jersey. HOT: Glen Davis  made 6-of-9 shots off the Magic bench. NOT:  With injuries to  Deron Williams  and  Jordan Farmer , the Nets were down to their third point guard.  Sundiata Gaines  shot 2-for-13, and during Gaines' 28 minutes on the floor, the Nets were outscored by 27 points. GOOD MOVE:  Howard played only 32 minutes and  Jameer Nelson  played only 27 minutes in a game that was never much in doubt. BAD MOVE:  Davis produced one of Orlando's 20 turnovers with a behind-the-back pass to an opponent. QUOTABLE III:  "It was like we were committed to turning the ball over tonight ... We just don't value the ball enough. To me that's our biggest offensive problem."   -- Magic coach  Stan Van Gundy ROOKIE WATCH: MarShon Brooks  had two points and two turnovers in a starting role for the Nets. IN THE ARENA:  Fans held posters expressing gratitude for Howard's decision to stay in Orlando for the rest of the season. NOTABLE:  The Nets went 0-3 against the Magic this season and have not won in Orlando in more than four years ...  Gerald Wallace , acquired in a deadline trade from Portland on Thursday, will join the Nets on Saturday. UP NEXT:  For the Nets, Saturday vs. New Orleans, Monday vs. Cleveland, Wednesday vs. Washington. For the Magic, Sunday @ Miami, Monday vs. Chicago, Wednesday vs. Phoenix.  