  Magic-Sixers notebook   By Andy Jasner, for NBA.com Posted Monday April 11, 2011 10:54PM THE FACTS: Dwight Howard  scored 19 points and grabbed 13 rebounds while  Jameer Nelson  scored 19 points as the Orlando Magic cruised past the Philadelphia 76ers 95-85 on Monday. The Magic (51-30) dominated the Sixers on the glass by a 56-31 margin. Elton Brand  led the Sixers with 22 points while  Jrue Holiday  had 15 points and 11 assists. The Sixers (41-40) missed out on a chance to clinch a winning record. They'll have one last chance against the Detroit Pistons on Wednesday before facing the Miami Heat in the first round of the playoffs. Miami is the No. 2 seed while the Sixers fell into the seventh position. QUOTABLE:  "He's had three of the last four nights off. I just wanted to keep running post-ups for him. You couldn't have had more rest than he has had in the last three to four days."  --  Magic coach  Stan Van Gundy , on keeping Howard in the game for the final few minutes despite holding a large lead. THE STAT:  The Magic dominated the glass and actually held a 25-2 advantage with 7:07 remaining in the second quarter. Yes, 25-2. TURNING POINT:  The third quarter has been problematic for the Sixers all season. This game was no different. Trailing 50-47 at halftime, the Sixers soon found themselves down 76-62 after the third. Orlando made shots, forced the Sixers into difficult ones and controlled the boards. HOT: Ryan Anderson  was terrific off the Magic bench by hitting 7-of-11 from the field. He finished with 18 points and 14 rebounds and also knocked down three shots from beyond the arc. NOT: Jodie Meeks  continues to struggle for the Sixers. Meeks missed five of his eight shots, including four of his five 3-pointers. Meeks has been in a shooting slump for the last five games. QUOTABLE II:  "It's a disappointing loss. We have time to fine-tune some things up and get ready for the playoffs."  --  Brand. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Howard not only managed a double-double, but he added four assists, three blocked shots and two steals. He was very impressive in many facets. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Even though both teams had already clinched playoff berths, there was quite a bit of buzz in the Wells Fargo Center. Nelson always draws a large contingent of local fans since he once starred for nearby Chester High and Saint Joseph's University. QUOTABLE III:  "It was good to see us rebound the ball as well as we did. The guys did a good job on the glass."  --  Howard on the Magic holding a 56-31 rebounding edge. GOOD MOVE:  Some coaches believe in resting a star player in certain situations. The Magic could have given Howard a night off. But Van Gundy wanted Howard to stay sharp heading into the postseason. Howard actually missed the last game with a suspension following his 18th technical foul. On this night, Howard was sharp and then was able to relax on the bench in the fourth while the Magic were en route to another victory. BAD MOVE:  The Sixers didn't do a good job of attacking the basket. A relentless team all season, they too often settled for jump shots against the Magic. ROOKIE WATCH: Evan Turner,  the Sixers' No. 2 overall pick from Ohio State, got the start in place of an injured  Andre Iguodala . Turner finished with seven points, two rebounds and two assists. NOTABLE:  The Magic finished 23-18 on the road, marking the fourth straight season they eclipsed the .500 mark on the road...The Sixers have not won two games against Orlando in the same season since 2003-04. They dropped three of the four meetings this season. NEXT:  For the Magic, Wednesday vs. Indiana. For the Sixers, Wednesday vs. Detroit.  