  Notebook: Thunder 111, Trail Blazers 107 Posted Tuesday February 7, 2012 2:02AM By Kerry Eggers, for NBA.com THE FACTS: Kevin Durant  scored 33 points -- including four in overtime -- and  Russell Westbrook  collected 28 points, 11 rebounds and eight assists as Oklahoma City beat Portland 111-107 Monday night at the Rose Garden. Portland's  LaMarcus Aldridge  -- who scored a season-high 39 points -- was called for goaltending on a drive by Durant with six seconds left in regulation that tied the score at 103-103. After a timeout,  Nicolas Batum's  drive was blocked by OKC's Westbrook as time expired. The win avenged the only home defeat this season for the Thunder (19-5), who fell to the Blazers 103-93 at Oklahoma City in Jan. 3. It was only the second loss in 13 home games for Portland (14-11). QUOTABLE:  "I didn't think it was goaltending. It was a good block. That game should have been over."   --  Portland head coach  Nate McMillan  on Aldridge's block, which was obviously clean upon review. THE STAT:  Oklahoma City outrebounded Portland 59-39, taking 18 off the offensive glass. That led to an advantage for the Thunder in second-chance points (22-14) and points in the paint (52-46). TURNING POINT:  Portland failed to score on their first possessions of overtime. The Thunder converted twice to take a 107-103 lead, and the Blazers never recovered. QUOTABLE II:  "I thought Perk was the difference-maker. It's weird to say when the guy he was guarding (Aldridge) had 39, but he made him work for every shot. His activity, his defense, his toughness won this game."   --  OKC head coach  Scott Brooks  on  Kendrick Perkins , who defended Aldridge in single-coverage most of the game. HOT:  Aldridge was remarkable in the first half, hitting 8 of his first 9 shots -- several with a high degree of difficulty. He wound up 14 for 28 from the field and 11 for 11 at the foul line, finishing three points shy of his career high. NOT:  After shooting .524 in the first half, OKC shot .378 in the second half, allowing the Blazers to get back into the game. QUOTABLE III:  "Doesn't really matter now. (The Thunder) made shots at the right time and we didn't. They got some calls that went their way and won the game."   --  Aldridge, on whether he thought his block of Durant's shot at the end of regulation was clean. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Former NFL and Oregon Ducks quarterback  Joey Harrington  was on hand to root for the Blazers. GOOD MOVE:  When  James Harden  jumped over to double-team Aldridge, Batum found himself with a wide-open lane to the basket at the end of regulation. Westbrook spotted it and came over to make the block on Batum that saved the game. BAD MOVE:  With Portland trailing 74-69 late in the third quarter,  Wesley Matthews  had a clear lane to the basket on a semi-fast break. He lost his dribble, though, which turned into a turnover and a dunk at the other end. The four-point swing was big in the final outcome. NOTABLE:  The Thunder are 4-1 in bounce-back games after their five losses. The only failure was when they lost to Portland 103-93 in OKC on Jan. 3 after falling to Dallas the previous night. UP NEXT:  For the Blazers, Houston Wednesday, at New Orleans Friday, at Dallas Saturday. For the Thunder, at Golden State Tuesday, at Sacramento Thursday, Utah Friday.  