  Notebook: Grizzlies 93, Wolves 86 Posted Tuesday March 27, 2012 11:47PM By Marlon W. Morgan, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The Memphis Grizzlies continue to have Minnesota's number. Their 93-86 win over the Timberwolves Tuesday night was seventh in a row and 10th in the last 11 meetings between the two teams, including a 3-0 mark this season. The Grizzlies had five players score in double figures, led by  Rudy Gay's  21.  Kevin Love  paced Minnesota with 28 points and 11 rebounds. QUOTABLE:  "We just went out there with a chip on our shoulder. We haven't been playing Grizzlies' basketball lately. We knew Marc (Gasol) was out so we had to step up tonight and come through. We did that tonight."   -- Grizzlies center  Marreese Speights THE STAT:  After playing just one minute in Sunday's win over the Los Angeles Lakers, Grizzlies forward  Dante Cunningham  was in the starting lineup Tuesday night with center  Marc Gasol  nursing a sprained ankle. Cunningham responded with a season-high 13 points, a career-high 14 rebounds and a career-high tying four blocked shots. TURNING POINT:  After allowing Minnesota to erase a six-point, third quarter deficit to take a 63-55 lead, the Grizzlies used a 13-4 run to close out the quarter and regain the lead for good at 68-67. GOOD MOVE:  With Gasol out, Grizzlies coach  Lionel Hollins  moved Speights from his starting power forward spot to center, and inserted Cunningham at power forward. Not only did Cunningham respond with his double-double, but Speights added 18 points, seven rebounds and a pair of emphatic blocked shots. HOT:  The Grizzlies didn't get their first offensive rebound until late in the second quarter after Minnesota had already picked up seven, However, they finished the game with a 14-12 edge on the offensive glass, which led to 25 second chance points. NOT:  The Timberwolves average 44 percent shooting from the floor this season, but the Grizzlies stingy defense held them to just 39 percent shooting. The Grizzlies were particularly tough in the fourth quarter when they held Minnesota to 32 percent shooting (8 of 25) and just 19 points. QUOTABLE II:  "If we were winning a lot of these games, maybe so. I just want to make the playoffs to be honest with you. If we win, everything will take care of itself. For me, I just want to keep my nose to the grind like everyone else and continue to get better as not only an individual, but also as a team."    -- Minnesota forward  Kevin Love  on talk of him winning the NBA's MVP award. NOTABLE:  The Grizzlies got a scare late in the second quarter when point guard Mike Conley injured his right ankle. But Conley returned to start the second half and after the game said he was fine. ... For the second straight game, the Grizzliest newest member, guard  Gilbert Arenas , did not play. Arenas, who was signed last week, played at Portland and the Los Angeles Clippers in a pair of losses. Hollins went back to  Jeremy Pargo  as the backup point guard in the last two games. ... The Grizzlies, who have won their last two and snapping a three-game slide, now head back on the road where they will play five of their next six games. Gasol, who missed his first game of the season, is expected to return for Friday's game in Houston. ... The Timberwolves end a stretch of 19 straight games against Western Conference teams with an 8-11 record. UP NEXT:  For the Timberwolves, Wednesday at Charlotte, Friday vs. Boston, Sunday at Portland. For the Grizzlies, Friday at Houston, Saturday at Milwaukee, Monday at Oklahoma City.  