  Notebook: Heat 83, Bulls 72 Posted Friday April 20, 2012 12:14AM By Shandel Richardson, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The Miami Heat kept their hopes of earning the Eastern Conference's top seed by defeating the Chicago Bulls 83-72 Thursday at AmericanAirlines Arena. Forward  LeBron James  led all scorers with 27 points while  Dwyane Wade  contributed 18 points and five assists. The Heat were playing without forward  Chris Bosh,  who missed his second straight game with what coach  Erik Spoelstra  termed as "bumps and bruises." The Heat's Big Two more than made up for Bosh's absence, especially James. He continued his pursuit of a third regular-season MVP trophy with yet another strong performance. James shot 8-of-18 from the field, grabbed a game-high 11 rebounds and had six assists. The Bulls, playing without injured guard  Derrick Rose  (ankle), could have clinched the top seed with a victory. They still lead by the race by 1.5 games. Chicago trailed by as many as 13 in the first half before making a game of it in the fourth quarter. Chicago had four players in double-figures, led by  John Lucas'  16 points off the bench. The season-series ends tied at 2. QUOTABLE:  "Typical Eastern Conference basketball game in late April. It was a good win. Both teams had to fight though some injuries. Everybody who was out there obviously was competing."   -- Spoelstra THE STAT:  The Heat held the Bulls to 35 percent shooting, including 2 of 16 from the 3-point line. TURNING POINT:  The Heat dominated the last three quarters defensively. After the Bulls made 10 of their first 14 shots, they closed 15 of 56 from the field. HOT:  Hard not to put James here, but the Heat received a strong contribution from guard  Mario Chalmers . He scored 16 points on 7-of-16 shooting, giving the Heat the edge at point guard. NOT:  Chicago's  Luol Deng  and  Carlos Boozer  combined to shoot 9 of 26 from the field. The Bulls' frontcourt failed to take advantage of Bosh's absence. GOOD MOVE:  The Heat bench finally showed up against the Bulls. After being the weak link in the two losses in the series, it played Chicago to a standstill.  Joel Anthony  and  Shane Battier  were solid defensively. BAD MOVES:  Getting Wade mad in the third quarter when he was called for a technical foul for pushing  Richard Hamilton  to the ground. It was bad news for the Bulls because it seemed to ignite Wade. Heat reserve  James Jones  was ejected in the first half for committing a flagrant-2 foul with a two-handed shot to the head of  Joakim Noah  away from the ball. NOTABLE:  Heat center  Ronny Turiaf  did not play for the fifth straight because of a hamstring injury. Miami center  Dexter Pittman  made his second consecutive start, the third of his career. Chicago's 72 points were a season-low. The Bulls lost for the first time when holding an opponent under 85 points. They are now 21-1. UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Saturday vs. Wizards, Sunday vs. Rockets, Tuesday @ Celtics. For the Bulls, Saturday vs. Mavericks, Wednesday @ Pacers, Thursday vs. Cavs.  