
 Nets-Cavs notebook   By Brian Dulik, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday March 23, 2011 11:47PM THE FACTS:  Power forward  Kris Humphries  scored 18 points and grabbed a career-high 23 rebounds, leading the New Jersey Nets to a 98-94 overtime win over the Cleveland Cavaliers. New Jersey forced OT when center  Brook Lopez  tipped in his own miss with 4.3 seconds left in regulation, then outscored Cleveland 16-12 in the extra session. The Nets were 11-for-14 on free throws in OT. QUOTABLE:  "I thought if we could get it into overtime -- because we've had two triple-overtime games this year -- we've got a shot. Our guys battled and got it done."   -- Nets coach  Avery Johnson THE STAT:  Humphries' 23 rebounds broke the Quicken Loans Arena record of 21 set by Cleveland's  Drew Gooden  against Phoenix on Nov. 10, 2004. It also topped his previous best of 20. Humphries is now averaging 10.4 rebounds, which is fifth in the NBA. "Kris has been playing a lot of good defense, he's good on the ball and off the ball, he's physical, and he can help you score when you need it," Johnson said. QUOTABLE II:  "I was just trying to be like Hump. Hump was crashing the boards all game long. It's incredible to see. After every game, you look in the stat column and it's (like) 15 rebounds, 15 points, 20 points, and all the intangible things he does."   -- Nets center Brook Lopez TURNING POINT:  Cavaliers center  Ryan Hollins  was the primary reason his team failed to win the game in regulation, making three blunders in a 43-second span late in the fourth quarter. He committed a shooting foul that allowed New Jersey to tie the score at 80-80 with 1:57 left, missed a layup at 1:37, and allowed a potential dunk to sail through his fingers for a turnover with 1:14 to go. HOT:  Not only did Humphries have a record-setting night on the glass, he held Cleveland counterpart  J.J. Hickson  to a 5-for-15 shooting performance. Humphries also collected four assists, two steals and two blocked shots in 39 fantastic minutes. "Had our record been a little better, he might win the Most Improved Player award, but he may still be on the All-Defensive team," Johnson said. NOT:  Cavaliers point guard  Ramon Sessions  made another critical turnover at crunch time, slipping on the court before essentially forcing the ball into Humphries' midsection. The play occurred with 29 seconds left in OT and New Jersey ahead 92-90. Cleveland subsequently fouled Nets point guard  Jordan Farmar , who made two free throws to extend their lead. QUOTABLE III:  "I thought we let it get away, I really thought we did. I thought we competed big-time, but we've just got to do a better job of executing down the stretch."   -- Cavaliers coach  Byron Scott GOOD MOVE:  The Cavaliers attacked New Jersey's post players from the get-go, drawing seven fouls on them in the first 9:18. Humphries, Lopez and  Johan Petro  each were ticketed twice in the opening frame, while  Dan Gadzuric  picked up one. "It was tough because we were just trying to be aggressive, but play smart still," Lopez said. "We stuck with it. That was the key." BAD MOVE:  The Cavaliers had an opportunity to win the game at the fourth-quarter buzzer, but opted to have  Anthony Parker  take the shot. The veteran shooting guard badly misfired on an 18-footer, then missed two more field goal attempts in OT to complete a 3-for-10 outing. "We just didn't make shots at the right time and close the game out," Cleveland guard  Daniel Gibson  said. NOTABLE:  The Nets have played an NBA-high nine overtime games, going 5-4. ... New Jersey lost backup point guard  Sundiata Gaines  to a jammed right hip late in the first quarter. ... The only healthy players who didn't play were twin brothers  Joey Graham  (Cleveland) and  Stephen Graham  (New Jersey). ... Lopez failed to grab a rebound in the first half, while Sessions didn't log an assist until 3:24 remained in regulation. ... The Nets are 5-29 on the road, but 2-0 in Cleveland. ... The Cavaliers held a halftime lead for just the 14th time in 70 games this season. ... Sessions led Cleveland with 21 points and five turnovers. ... Hickson grabbed 17 rebounds. ... Nets small forward  Sasha Vujacic  shared team-high scoring honors with Lopez and Humphries with 18 points, while  Travis Outlaw  had 17 off the bench. UP NEXT:  For the Nets, Friday @ Orlando, Saturday @ Atlanta, Tuesday vs. Houston. For the Cavaliers, Friday vs. Detroit, Sunday vs. Atlanta, Tuesday vs. Miami. 
