  Bucks-Cavaliers notebook   By Sam Amico, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday November 24, 2010 10:50PM THE FACTS:  On the night before Thanksgiving,  Mo Williams  proved he's no turkey. Williams made 11 of 22 shots, scored 25 points and swished a 15-footer at the final buzzer to lift Cleveland to an 83-81 win Wednesday over visiting Milwaukee. The Cavaliers (6-8) overcame a 10-point halftime deficit and snapped a three-game losing streak. Meanwhile,  Keyon Dooling  came off the bench to lead the Bucks (5-9) with team-highs of 18 points and five assists. The Bucks have lost four straight. QUOTABLE:  "I had no worries about Mo bouncing back [from a poor performance the previous night against Indiana]. He's a pro." --  Cavs coach  Byron Scott THE STAT:  One. That's how many post-game celebrations the Cavs have had on the scorer's table this season, and it came Wednesday night courtesy of Williams, who faced the crowd and let out a yell after making the game-winner. And it was a well-deserved act of emotion for a team that could use a little good fortune and something on which to build. TURNING POINT:  The third quarter. That's when Williams really took over, scoring 13 points on 5-for-8 shooting and getting the Cavs back in the game. The Cavs were also able to withstand Dooling's best  Oscar Robertson  impersonation in the third. Dooling was 4-for-5 shooting in that quarter, and was really the only Buck who played with much energy. HOT:  Cavs guard  Anthony Parker  played his best game of the year, scoring a season-high 14 points on 5-for-10 shooting. Throw in Williams' performance, and the one by  Daniel Gibson  (12 points, four rebounds) off the bench, and the Cavs' backcourt was good all the way around. NOT:  Bucks guard  Brandon Jennings  made missed nine of 10 shots and scored three points. Jennings entered the game with a scoring average of 17.3 points per game. QUOTABLE II:  "You've got to assume we're not going to blow them out of here just because we're up 10 at halftime. When plays need to be made and we really need to execute, we're just kind of milling around and not being real professional about it, and as a result, we're 5-9." --  Bucks coach  Scott Skiles FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Need a little rebounding help? Cavs big man  Anderson Varejao  might be able to help you out in that area, as he's grabbing 8.9 on the year -- and pulled down 13 on Wednesday. ROOKIE WATCH:  Forward  Larry Sanders  received some meaningful minutes as the Bucks tried to replace missing center  Andrew Bogut  (back spasms) by committee. Sanders responded with eight points and seven rebounds off the bench. NOTABLE:  The Cavs were able to win despite shooting just 42 percent from the floor and 29 peercent (6-for-21) on 3-pointers. "We talk about defense all the time, and I thought tonight we got after it for 48 minutes," Scott said. "Our defense was fantastic." ... Cavs forward  J.J. Hickson  took just four shots and scored a season-low two points. ... Still, the Cavs outscored the Bucks in the paint, 30-28. UP NEXT:  For the Bucks, Friday @ Detroit, Saturday vs. Charlotte, Monday @ Utah. For the Cavaliers, Friday @ Orlando, Saturday vs. Memphis, Tuesday vs. Boston.  