Notebook: Magic 98, Clippers 90 
 
 
 Dick Scanlon for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Nov 06, 2013 11:39 PM - Updated Wed Nov 06, 2013 11:39 PM 
 
 THE FACT : The Orlando Magic won their third-straight game for the first time since last December. 
 
 THE LEAD :  Nik Vucevic  had 30 points and 21 rebounds and made six straight free throws in the final 23.3 seconds to help the Magic (3-2) pull out a home victory over the Los Angeles Clippers. 
 The Clippers (3-2), who had won three straight and had shot better than 50 percent in their first four games, shot only 38 percent and fell behind by 19 points before erasing the entire deficit in the third quarter. But Vucevic scored 10 points and the Magic bench added 14 in the fourth quarter.  Arron Afflalo 's baseline jumper with 1:47 put the Magic ahead to stay, and the Clippers managed only one free throw after that. 
 
 Blake Griffin  had nine of his Clipper-leading 23 points in the third quarter and former Orlando star  J.J. Redick  had 12 in the same quarter, during which Los Angeles outscored Orlando 29-5 over an eight-minute stretch.  Chris Paul  had 18 points and 10 assists before fouling out in the final seconds. 
 
 QUOTABLE : "If you spot a team 19 points, you can win some of those games, but on the average you're probably going to lose the game. Eventually they're going to make some shots and you're going to miss some; just the law of averages says that." 
 -- Clippers coach  Doc Rivers 
 
 
 QUOTABLE II : "It's more important that we took the blow that they gave us. They came out in the third [quarter] and pretty much had their way. Basketball is a game of runs. They made their run and we took the blow. We executed well, we stuck to our game plan and even when they executed against our game plan and were successful, we stuck with it." 
 -- Magic guard  Jameer Nelson 
 
 
 THE STAT : Magic opponents, who shot .460 last season, are shooting .398 after five games. 
 
 TURNING POINT :  Victor Oladipo  took a pass from  Kyle O'Quinn  and scored on a layup, opening a 10-3 fourth-quarter run that put the Magic back in charge. 
 
 HOT :  E'Twaun Moore  hit two straight 3-pointers down the stretch and finished as the Magic's second-leading scorer with 12 points. He also posted a plus-21 plus-minus. 
 
 NOT : The Clipper bench shot 5-for-23, all five of the field goals supplied by  Jamal Crawford . 
 
 QUOTABLE III : "A lot of credit goes to them. They executed all night, they made us guard and once again our defense failed us." 
 -- Chris Paul 
 
 GOOD MOVE : With Afflalo fallen on the floor and the shot clock running down with 40.9 seconds left, coach  Jacque Vaughn  rescued the Magic with a timeout. 
 
 BAD MOVE : Vaughn waited too long to call a timeout during the Clippers' huge third-quarter run. The Magic's 19-point lead had been chopped to seven by the time a timeout was called with 7:53 left in the period. 
 
 FURTHER REVIEW : After the Magic's  Andrew Nicholson  and the Clippers'  Byron Mullens  got their arms tangled on a Nicholson jumper, things got physical and Nicholson was called for a technical foul. After watching a replay, the officials added a technical on Mullens. 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT : It was Vucevic's fifth career 20-20 game and second 30-20 game. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH : Oladipo had 11 points, four turnovers and a steal from Paul that led to Orlando's first two free throws of the game.  
 
 NOTABLE : The Clippers averaged 119 points in their first four games and scored 137 against Houston in their preceding game . . . The Magic have won nine of their last 11 against the Clippers. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Clippers,  Thursday @ Miami, Saturday @ Houston, Monday vs. Minnesota. For the Magic, Friday vs. Boston, Saturday @ Atlanta, Monday @ Boston. 
