  Raptors-Knicks notebook   By Adam Zagoria, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday December 8, 2010 11:00PM THE FACTS:   Amar'e Stoudemire  scored 18 of his 34 points in the fourth quarter and  Raymond Felton 's 3-pointer with 2.7 seconds remaining bounced five times on the rim before falling through to give the Knicks their sixth straight victory, a 113-110 win over the Raptors at Madison Square Garden. QUOTABLE:  "It was bouncing, it was bouncing. I was just praying, praying, praying. Thank you, Jesus. It went in"    -- Raymond Felton on the shot THE STAT:   Andrea Bargnani  went back and forth with Stoudemire down the stretch. He poured in a game-high 41 points for the Raptors, hitting a game-tying 3-pointer with 26 seconds left to knot the score at 100. TURNING POINT:  It's hard not to go with Felton's 3-pointer in which he stepped behind the line to elude Jose Calderon and had the confidence to launch even though he missed a 10-footer on his previous attempt. He finished with 28 points, 11 assists and four turnovers. QUOTABLE II:  "It's a lot of fun. Anytime you can win the way we have been and play with this type of swagger and enjoy the camaraderie, it's so much fun. You just want to keep that feeling going."   -- Amar'e Stoudemire HOT:  Stoudemire has scored 30 or more points in six straight games and has had three straight games with double figures in the fourth quarter.  Willie Naulls  had seven straight 30-point games for the Knicks in the early 1960s. NOT:  The Knicks' bench. The starters scored all but eight points for the Knicks (14-9). Head coach  Mike D'Antoni  used just three bench players and only  Toney Douglas  was remotely helpful, with seven points in 22+ minutes. INSIDE THE ARENA:   C.C. Sabathia ,  John McEnroe ,  Justin Tuck  and  Willie Randolph  all sat courtside. Sabathia told MSG's Jill Martin that he won't be at the Garden next Friday to see his pal  LeBron James  play the Knicks because he'll be home in California for Christmas. NOTABLE: UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Friday & Washington, Sunday vs. Denver, Wednesday vs. Boston. For the Raptors, Friday vs. Denver, Saturday @ Detroit, Tuesday @ Charlotte.  