  Notebook: Nuggets 98, Celtics 91 Posted Sunday March 18, 2012 1:11AM By Michael Kelly, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Rookie  Kenneth Faried  had 18 points and a career-high 16 rebounds,  Danilo Gallinari  scored 20 points and the Denver Nuggets held off a late charge by the Boston Celtics to pull out a 98-91 win Saturday night. Arron Afflalo  had 15 points and  Ty Lawson  had 10 assists for the Nuggets, who improved to 4-3 on its nine-game homestand. Kevin Garnett  and  Paul Pierce  scored 22 points each and  Rajon Rondo  had 12 points and 16 assists for the Celtics, who have dropped two straight. QUOTABLE:  "I love to rebound me the ball, it helps get me going. I'm more excited when I'm rebounding than scoring. If I get five or six rebounds in the first half I'm happier than if I get 10, 12 points."   --  Faried. THE STAT:  Faried had 11 rebounds -- one fewer than the entire Boston team -- in the 11:24 of playing time in the first half. He also was perfect in shooting, hitting all five field goals and all eight of his free throws. TURNING POINT:  After the Celtics cut a 17-point deficit to two, Lawson drained a 3-pointer with 3:01 left to make it 92-87. After Garnett missed on a jumper, Faried grabbed two rebounds -- one defensive, the other offensive -- that led to his alley-oop dunk that made it 94-87. QUOTABLE II:  "We don't close that game out probably without Kenneth. I was impressed with him the whole game but I really enjoyed him in the last three or four minutes."   --  Nuggets head coach  George Karl. HOT:  After a slow start since coming back from missing a month with a severely sprained left ankle, Gallinari is coming on strong. He is averaging 18 points in his last three games and is showing more of his playmaking ability in the open court. NOT:  The Celtics had started to put pressure on Philadelphia in the Atlantic Division by winning 8 of 10, but now they've lost two straight. They have three more games left on this eight-game road trip, the last of which is against the 76ers. QUOTABLE III:  "We are all fighting for playoff position. Atlanta, Milwaukee, Philadelphia, and we just got to finish out this road trip on a good note."   --  Pierce, on the Celtics' last three games of their road trip. INSIDE THE ARENA:  In an ironic twist, there were more green shirts in the stands than Nuggets colors. While the Celtics did have a strong contingent of fans in Pepsi Center, most of the green was due to St. Patrick's Day. GOOD MOVE:  Knowing the Celtics were coming off a 25-point loss in Sacramento on Friday, the Nuggets pushed the pace every chance they got. At one point in the second quarter they stole the ball on three straight possessions and got two fast-break layups and a fast-break dunk out of it. QUOTABLE IV:  "We had our chances. We got outworked in the first half. In the second half we had a lot of chances, but I thought we joined the fight."   --  Boston head coach  Doc Rivers. BAD MOVE:  With injuries decimating the front line, there wasn't much Rivers could do against the bigger Nuggets. Denver dominated the boards with a 46-27 advantage and won the battle in the paint, 48-40. ROOKIE WATCH:  Faried loves playing on Pepsi Center's court on St. Patrick's Day. Last year on this date, as a senior with Morehead State, he had 17 rebounds in an upset of Louisville in the first round of the NCAA Tournament. NOTABLE:  Garnett had five assists to reach 5,000 for his career. ... The Nuggets didn't have newly-acquired big man  JaVale McGee  available. Denver traded  Nene  to Washington for McGee and  Ronny Turiaf  on Thursday but the deal has not been finalized because Nene's physical has not been completed. UP NEXT:  For the Celtics, Monday @ vs. Atlanta, Wednesday @ Milwaukee, Friday @ Philadelphia. For the Nuggets, Monday vs. Dallas, Wednesday vs. Detroit, Friday @ Utah.  