  Notebook: Rockets 104, Thunder 103 Posted Tuesday March 13, 2012 11:27PM By Randy Renner, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Houston backup shooting guard  Courtney Lee , starting in place of an injured  Kevin Martin , nailed a corner 3-pointer with 15 seconds left and then his Rockets teammates made a defensive stand on the last possession to stun the Oklahoma City Thunder 104-103. Lee finished with 21 points on 8-for-12 shooting. 15 of those points came in the fourth quarter. Rocket forward  Chandler Parsons  also scored 21 points, a career high.  Luis Scola  added 18 for Houston. The Rockets had six players in double-figures.  Kevin Durant  led OKC with 28 points and 12 rebounds but he missed a potential game-winner from 20 feet out.  Serge Ibaka  grabbed the rebound but missed his attempt at a layup. The Rockets had led most of the game until the Thunder appeared to seize control with a 23-7 fourth quarter run that put Oklahoma City in front 102-91 with just 2:29 left. The Thunder collapsed down the stretch and watched Houston zip to the win with a 13-1 run to close it out. QUOTABLE:  "We thought the game was over. We had major breakdowns on defense. We turned the ball over we gave up a couple of easy buckets. We can't give up layups. It's a breakdown for everybody. We just didn't execute at the end."   -- Thunder Head Coach  Scott Brooks THE STAT:  The Thunder gave up a layup and a dunk within 34 seconds in the last two and a half minutes, turned the ball over twice within another 30 second stretch and missed five shots. TURNING POINT:  Leading 102-91 with 2:29 to go some fans started leaving the arena and some of the Thunder players left the game mentally. While OKC was missing shots and turning the ball over Houston was 5-for-6 in that stretch. The Rockets also baited  Russell Westbrook  into a technical foul, grabbed three rebounds and blocked two shots. QUOTABLE II:  "We shouldn't have been down 11 there at the end but then we executed down the stretch. It's a good win for us."   -- Rockets guard  Courtney Lee HOT:  In the first half Houston rookie forward Parsons was 8-for-11 (3-for-3 on 3-pointers) for 19 points. ...The Rockets were 6-for-11 (54.5 percent) on 3-pointers in the first 24 minutes. ... In the fourth quarter Lee was 6-for-7 (15 points). NOT:  In the first quarter the Rockets were 10-for-27 (37 percent)...Thunder guard  James Harden  was 2-for-8 (1-for-5 on 3-pointers) for seven points through three quarters...In the fourth quarter Westbrook was 1-for-7 (three points). INSIDE THE ARENA:  Members of the military and veterans were honored inside Chesapeake Energy Arena. Nearly 50 new soldiers took the oath of enlistment at center court and members of the Oklahoma National Guard, currently serving overseas said hello to family and friends via a video played on the scoreboard. GOOD MOVE:  Oklahoma City controlled the opening tip and Thunder point guard Russell Westbrook tested Houston backup point  Goran Dragic  on the first play. Westbrook drove around Dragic, into the lane and past center  Samuel Dalembert  for a tomahawk slam. Dragic is starting in place of  Kyle Lowry  who is out with a bacterial infection. GOOD MOVE TOO:  Houston shooting guard Martin was a last minute scratch because of a sore shoulder. Rockets Head Coach  Kevin McHale  opted to start Lee for Martin and in the first quarter Lee had six points on 2-for-3 from long range. He finished with 21 points. NOTABLE:  After not losing a home game since early January the Thunder has now lost two in the last four days. Oklahoma City lost to Cleveland on Friday before losing this one tonight. OKC is now 18-3 at home and just 4-3 so far this month. UP NEXT:  For the Rockets, Wednesday vs. Charlotte, Saturday @ LA Clippers, Sunday @ Phoenix. For the Thunder, Thursday @ Denver, Friday vs. San Antonio, Sunday vs. Portland.  