  Notebook: Wizards 97, Sixers 76 Posted Friday March 30, 2012 11:31PM By Rich Dubroff, for NBA.com  THE FACTS:   Cartier Martin , playing in just his second game since his recall of the NBA D-League, had 20 points,  Jordan Crawford  had 17 and  Nene  added 16 to lead the Washington Wizards past the Philadelphia 76ers 97-76 on Friday night. Washington broke its five-game losing streak, and won for just the 12th time in 51 games this season. The Wizards went on an 11-0 run to end the first quarter and begin the second, and the Sixers, who have alternated wins and losses over the last six games, trailed by double digits throughout the game's final 33 minutes. Lou Williams  and  Thaddeus Young  each had 14 points off the bench for Philadelphia.  Elton Brand  had six points in the first five minutes, two more in the second quarter before being held scoreless in the second half. QUOTABLE:  "I told him, don't learn anything by Sunday."   -- Washington coach  Randy Wittman  facetiously telling Martin not to study the team's playbook before its next game. THE STAT:  Martin hitting a career-high 20 points in his 104th NBA game. On Thursday, he was still a member of the Iowa Energy. Martin had played with the Wizards in parts of the last two seasons and his stint in the D-League wasn't his first. "It was something you have to go through," Martin said. "Once you already went through it, you know what to expect already." TURNING POINT:   Kevin Seraphin  had six points during the Wizards 10-0 run, and Sixers coach  Doug Collins  knew the game was over then. Asked if he thought his team had a chance to come at halftime, a snippy Collins replied. "No." QUOTABLE II:  "I could just see we weren't ready. For whatever reason, we weren't ready."   -- Collins on his team's early struggles. HOT:   Nene  was 7-for-11 before exiting with plantar fasciitis in his left foot with 7:18 remaining. Nene walked around the locker room with a boot in his left foot, and said he didn't know if he would be able to play on Sunday against Toronto.  Trevor Booker  left after the first six minutes with the same injury. NOT:   Andre Iguodala , who missed the previous two games with left patellar tendinitis, returned and missed six of his nine shots from the field. GOOD MOVE:  Wittman playing Martin 27 minutes and watching him just four of seven 3-point shots. BAD MOVE:  The Sixers mystified Collins,who's a master at preparing by not showing up. Collins said Collins sensed that with the addition of Nene and the subtraction of  JaVale McGee  and  Nick Young , the Wizards were a much different team. He felt his team was in trouble six minutes into the game. NOTABLE:  The 21-point loss equaled the Sixers' largest of the season, and with Boston's easy win over Minnesota, the Celtics move a game ahead in the Atlantic Division race. Crawford's streak of scoring 20 or more points came to an end after seven games. IN THE ARENA:  There was a Final Four feel. Washington has a former Kentucky player,  John Wall , and Philadelphia has  Evan Turner , who went to Ohio State. The Sixers also have  Jodie Meeks , another former Kentucky player, and the Wizards have  Shelvin Mack , who played for Butler in the last two Final Fours. Earlier this week,  Gary Williams , the former Maryland coach, whose team won the NCAA tournament 10 years ago, said Kentucky could beat the Wizards. Wall sneered at the speculation. "That's a joke. The Wildcats are a great team. I hope they win the national championship, but you can't believe what everybody says," Wall said. NEXT:  For the Sixers, Saturday vs. Hawks, Tuesday @ Heat, Wednesday vs. Raptors. Wizards: Sunday @ Raptors, Monday vs. Bucks, Wednesday vs. Pacers  