  Sixers-Raptors notebook   By Holly J. MacKenzie, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday November 24, 2010 10:55PM THE FACTS:  The Toronto Raptors defeated a deflated Philadelphia 76ers team 106-90 Wednesday night at the Air Canada Centre. The Raptors led by 15 after the first quarter and never looked back.  Andrea Bargnani  led the way offensively with 24 points while  Reggie Evans  pulled down a career-high 22 rebounds. QUOTABLE:  "You have so many people who go out there and work so hard from 9:00 to 5:00 to make an honest living and buy a Raptors ticket, they want to come here and see somebody work just as hard as they do in the real world. A lot of times, they appreciate it more to see a guy go out there and bust his butt. That way they get their money's worth when they see the Raptors play."  --  Reggie Evans on the effort he brings when he's on the floor THE STAT:  First quarter shooting. The Raptors shot 65 percent from the floor (13-for-20) in the first quarter of the game as they jumped out to a 15 point lead after one. The strong start buried the Sixers early and the Raptors did not allow them to get closer than 10 for the rest of the game. TURNING POINT:  The Raptors went on an 11-2 run to close the first quarter, taking a 33-18 lead into the second and then extended their advantage to 10 at the half. QUOTABLE II:  "I didn't know Reggie. I've seen him, obviously, being around the league, but he was unbelievable tonight. I can't speak highly enough of him...the thing about him, he was able to dominate the game without scoring and when you look around the league there's not too many guys that can really do that."  --  Jerryd Bayless  after his first game with the Raptors, on new teammate Reggie Evans HOT:  Evans went to work on the Brand-less Sixers, pulling down the career-high 22 rebounds to go with his 12 points. He came into the game averaging 11.9 rebounds per contest, fourth most in the league. His 10 rebounds in the first quarter tied the Raptors franchise record for boards in a quarter and he set a franchise record with 15 rebounds in the first half. NOT:   Lou Williams  had a rough night against the Raptors. With his team looking for a spark off of the bench, Williams finished with just one made field goal in 11 attempts in 26 minutes of action. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Bayless played 15 minutes in his Raptors debut and scored 13 points, connecting on all three of his attempts from deep. ROOKIE WATCH:   Evan Turner  struggled in the second game of a back-to-back, playing 16 minutes without attempting a field goal. UP NEXT:  For the Sixers, Friday @ Miami, Saturday vs. New Jersey and Tuesday vs. Portland. For the Raptors, Friday @ Boston, Sunday vs. Atlanta and Wednesday vs. Washington.  