  Notebook: Rockets 84, Hornets 77 Posted Thursday April 26, 2012 11:57PM By Matt Miller, for NBA.com THE FACTS:   Chase Budinger  scored a season-high 27 points, and the Houston Rockets overcame a 17-point first-half deficit to defeat the New Orleans Hornets 84-77 in the season finale for both teams Thursday at Toyota Center.  Samuel Dalembert  added 11 points and 11 rebounds for Houston (34-32), which followed a six-game losing streak that knocked it out of playoff contention with two wins in its final three games. Darryl Watkins  led New Orleans (21-45), which has dropped seven of its last nine road games, with a career-high 13 points and 10 rebounds. QUOTABLE:  "There's no way we shouldn't be playing in the playoffs this weekend, and we're not. Bottom line. ... There's just a level that [we've] got to understand and [we've] got to come out with that level on the forefront of your mind knowing that it's just going to be a battle."   -- Houston coach  Kevin McHale  on what his players learned from the late-season collapse that rendered Thursday's game meaningless THE STAT:  The Rockets recorded their franchise-record 31st consecutive victory when limiting an opponent to less than 90 points. Houston went a perfect 19-0 this season when holding opponents below 90. TURNING POINT:  Houston played with little enthusiasm in the early going, allowing an energetic New Orleans roster filled with fringe NBA players who are attempting to land a job for next season to grab a 38-21 lead. But as the Rockets began to increase the tempo and generate some easy baskets -- thanks in part to the strong rebounding of Dalembert (10 first-half rebounds) -- they ripped off a 26-9 run that tied the game at 47 with 8:29 left in the third quarter. The Rockets entered the fourth period trailing 71-63, but they held New Orleans to only one field goal over the final 12 minutes to surge to the victory. After rookie  Marcus Morris  nailed a 3-pointer to give Houston its first lead of the game 80-77 with 1:18 left to play, he drew a charge on Watkins to seal the deal. QUOTABLE II:  "We were just kind of going through the motions and not playing with intensity. We came in at halftime and really just got on each other and said, 'let's go out there and play hard and play for each other.'"   -- Chase Budinger on what the Rockets needed to climb out of an early 17-point hole HOT:  Budinger, starting in place of injured rookie  Chandler Parsons , drained 10 of 18 shot attempts, including a season-high-tying five 3-pointers. His accuracy kept Houston within striking distance as it limped through the first half. NOT:  A 1-for-16 shooting effort in the fourth quarter cost New Orleans a season-ending victory. The Hornets' six-point output set their season low and Houston's opponent franchise low for fourth-quarter scoring. NOT II:  Houston looked quite disinterested throughout the first half, when it settled for several low-percentage jump shots and connected on a season-worst 26.7 percent (12-for-45) of its field-goal attempts. BAD MOVE:  This marks the Rockets third consecutive winning season without a playoff berth. Although Houston recently has been far from a cellar-dwelling franchise, season after season of mediocre basketball has taken its toll on the fan base and the Rockets' profit margin. NOTABLE:  With Thursday's victory, the Rockets became the first NBA team to miss the playoffs in six different winning seasons. GOOD MOVE:  Rather than losing interest down the stretch to improve draft position, the young Hornets relished the opportunity to play winning basketball at the end of the season. After winning six of their last nine games and getting a new owner who appears to be truly committed to the city of New Orleans, the Hornets will certainly head into the offseason with momentum on their side. QUOTABLE III:  "You know it's funny. This year has been more satisfying, because of the growth. I've seen guys, overnight, it just seems like they're getting better right before us. ... Obviously, the playoffs and all that it brought last year -- nothing compares to that. But as far as seeing a team come together and grow, this year's been pretty gratifying."   -- New Orleans coach  Monty Williams NOTABLE II:  The Hornets played without  Eric Gordon  (sore lower back) for the second game in a row. Rookie forward  Gustavo Ayon  (concussion) also missed Thursday's contest. ... Starters  Marcus Camby  (back) and Parsons (shoulder) were unavailable for the Rockets. ... New Orleans finished the season tied for the league's third-worst record, which means they could have as high as a 15.6 percent chance to win the NBA draft lottery and this summer's No. 1 pick. ... The winning team has overcome a deficit of at least 13 points in five of the last six meetings between these clubs. ... New Orleans has shot a dismal 65.3 percent (62-for-95) from the charity stripe over its last three games. ... Houston improved to 9-0 this season when its opponent makes less than 40 percent of its field-goal attempts. The Hornets shot 39.7 percent overall. ... The Rockets finished the season 5-24 when trailing after three quarters. UP NEXT:  Thursday's game was the regular-season finale for both the Hornets and Rockets.  