Notebook: Heat 102, Clippers 97 
 
 
 Zachary Paul for NBA.com 
 
Posted Thu Nov 07, 2013 11:24 PM - Updated Thu Nov 07, 2013 11:24 PM 
 
 THE FACT : Heat guard  Dwyane Wade  scored at least 20 points (29 tonight) for the fourth consecutive game, marking the first time he's done so since March.   
 
 THE LEAD : Wade scored 29 and had seven assists to lead the Miami Heat to a 102-97 victory against the Los Angeles Clippers Thursday at AmericanAirlines Arena.  
 Wade's play for the Heat (4-2) was able to offset a subpar night from  LeBron James , who was bothered with back pain most of the second half.  
 James finished with 18 points, six assists and five rebounds. Guard  Ray Allen  and center  Chris Bosh  each had 12 points. The Heat led by as many as 11 in fourth quarter before holding off a late charge by the Clippers (3-3). Los Angeles pulled to within four, 101-97, on a dunk by  Blake Griffin  with 31 seconds left but could get no closer.  
 Griffin led the Clippers with 27 points and 14 rebounds. It marked the second straight loss for Los Angeles, which fell to the Orlando Magic Wednesday night.  
 
 QUOTABLE : "I told the guys that was much better in terms of effort in the second half, playing to who we are against a very good basketball team. We made a lot of plays. The intensity, you could see it pick up in the second half."   
   --Heat coach  Erik Spoelstra 
 
 
 THE STAT :  Wade shot 13-for-22 from the field.  
 
 TURNING POINT : With James on the bench, the Heat took control at the start of the fourth quarter behind Wade. Wade and  Shane Battier  were instrumental in the Heat creating some separation.  
 
 QUOTABLE II : "I think we just lost the pace of the game. I thought in the first half that we dictated the pace. You can see that in the third quarter, they slowed the game down but then we slowed the game down with them.  
  --Clippers coach  Doc Rivers 
 
 
 HOT : Wade did his part to silence the critics who question his health. This was vintage Wade, with him scoring inside and out. It didn't matter who the Clippers used to defend. He had his way with both  J.J. Redick  and  Jamal Crawford .  
 
 NOT : Paul was never really able to get on track because the strong defense played by  Norris Cole  and  Mario Chalmers . Both appeared to frustrate the Clippers' All-Star guard. At times, Paul was unable to hide his frustration.  
 
 GOOD MOVE : The Heat disrupted the Clippers offense by trapping Paul throughout the game. It made it almost impossible for him to get into the lane. Paul did have 12 assists, but the constant double-teaming hampered his ability to score.    
 
 BAD MOVE : The Clippers were at their best when they were scoring in transition. They had 17 fastbreak points in the first half, but just two in the second. The Clippers were unable to score with ease once the pace slowed.  
 
 NOTABLE : Clippers forward  Matt Barnes  (thigh) did not play. He is expected to miss the remainder of the road trip.  
 
 UP NEXT : For the Heat, Saturday vs. Celtics, Tuesday vs. Bucks, Friday vs. Mavericks. For the Clippers, Saturday @ Rockets, Monday vs. Timberwolves, Wednesday vs. Thunder.  
