  Notebook: Hawks 99, Bucks 94 Posted Saturday March 3, 2012 12:49AM By Jon Cooper, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The Atlanta Hawks began the fourth quarter down 11, with its best available player,  Josh Smith , on the bench. Turns out they had the Milwaukee Bucks right where they wanted them. Vladimir Radmanovic  drilled his third three-pointer of the final quarter, a step-back three from straight on with 11.9 seconds left, to break a 94-94 tie, as the Hawks overcame a 15-point third-quarter deficit to beat the Milwaukee Bucks, 99-94, Friday night at Philips Arena. Smith had 24 points and 19 rebounds to lead Atlanta, which was playing without All-Star guard  Joe Johnson.  Smith also came up with a huge block on  Drew Gooden  with 7.9 seconds left to help preserve the win. But it was the "second unit"of Radmanovic,  Jannero Pargo ,  Tracy McGrady ,  Ivan Johnson  and  Jerry Stackhouse  that did the damage, as Atlanta outscored Milwaukee 34-18 in the final 12 minutes to earn the victory. Atlanta raised its record to 21-15, 11-6 at home. The comeback ruined what had been a monster night for  Brandon Jennings , who torched the Hawks for 34 points and nine assists. Gooden added 26 and 10 for the Bucks, who fell to 14-22, 6-13 on the road. QUOTABLE:  "Those guys really don't get a lot of playing time on a consistent basis but they don't whine or complain. When their number is called they answer the bell almost every time. It was just beautiful to see that. It was beautiful to see them close the gap and take the lead and I was just happy to get in the mix of things when I got back in there."   -- Smith on the second unit and its fourth-quarter comeback. THE STAT:  55.6 - Atlanta's three-point shooting percentage in the fourth quarter. The Hawks hit five of six attempts in the 12 minutes after shooting 3-for-14 over the first three quarters. THE STAT II:  15 - The number of points Milwaukee had in the first half off of 17 Atlanta turnovers. The inability to take better advantage of the giveaways allowed the home team to hang around. TURNING POINT:  Trailing 78-68 two minutes into the final quarter, McGrady took over. First he grabbed an offensive rebound and scored on a turnaround jumper, then snared a defensive rebound and set up a Radmanovic three, and finally hit a three of his own. The spurt reduced the lead to two, 78-76, got the crowd back into the game and put the Bucks on their heels. Milwaukee shot 3-for-15 the rest of the game. QUOTABLE II:  "You get one shot to go down and you start feeling good. The rim gets bigger. We moved the ball great. Tracy set up a lot of guys with his dribble penetration, just making two people guard him and making the right plays. He made it easy not only for myself but Stack, too, and Vlade."   -- Pargo HOT:  Radmanovic had been getting over being sick over the last few days. In the final stanza, he hit 3-of-4 from three to spark the rally. HOT II:  Gooden was automatic from the foul line, shooting a perfect 9-for-9 for the game, 6-for-6 in the final 12 minutes. Jennings was just about as automatic, hitting 9-of-11, but one of those misses came in the fourth. NOT:   Carlos Delfino  had a particularly rough night, shooting 1-for-10, 0-for-6 from three. The 0-fer snapped his season-high and team-high-tying streak of 12 games making at least one three-pointer. Delfino came in shooting 45.2 percent (28-for-62) from three during the run. GOOD MOVE:  Inserting Pargo at the point to start the fourth quarter. The seven-year veteran, who had played only 5:36 previously, gave Jennings fits, forcing him into 1-for-5 shooting (0-for-2 from three), while lighting it up offensively, going 5-for-9 (1-for-2 from three). ROOKIE WATCH:  Atlanta's Ivan Johnson came off the bench in the second half and played 8:30 of the final quarter, supplying his usual rugged play and energy. He grabbed three rebounds, two of them on the offensive end. and made things very difficult inside for Gooden, who shot 1-for-5 in the stanza. NOTABLE:  Milwaukee continued to do good work on the offensive boards, grabbing 10 offensive rebounds. It's the 16th straight game in which they've done that, the third-longest active streak behind Detroit (20) and Cleveland (18) ...  Ersan Ilyasova  extended a his career-best streak of games with an offensive rebound to 26, grabbing three for the game ... Each team got whistled for two technical fouls in the game, with  Zaza Pachulia  and Stackhouse getting teed up in the third quarter, while Bucks coach  Scott Skiles  got whistled in the third and  Shaun Livingston  got one in the fourth ... The two teams combined to shoot 43 foul shots and made 37 of them (a combined 86 percent). Atlanta, which came into the game shooting 71.6 percent (ranked 27th in the League), actually shot better from the line than the Bucks, who rank second (79.3) hitting 86.7 percent (13-of-15) while the Bucks shot 85.7 (24-for-28). UP NEXT:  For the Bucks, Saturday @ Orlando, Monday vs. Philadelphia, Wednesday vs. Chicago. For the Hawks, Saturday vs. Oklahoma City, Tuesday @ Indiana, Wednesday @ Miami.  