  Notebook: Bulls 93, Mavericks 83 Posted Saturday April 21, 2012 11:40PM By Kent McDill, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Celebrating the return of guard  Derrick Rose , the Chicago Bulls defeated the Dallas Mavericks 93-83 Saturday at the United Center. The Mavericks played without guards  Jason Kidd  and  Jason Terry , who were given rest days. Rose had missed three consecutive games with right ankle/right foot pain, but scored 11 points with eight assists and only one turnover in 31 plus minutes Saturday.  Luol Deng  had 22 points,  Rip Hamilton  had 19 and  Carlos Boozer  had 12 points and 10 rebounds for the Bulls.  Dirk Nowitzki  had 17 points to lead the Mavericks. THE FACT II:  With the win and Miami's loss to Washington, the Bulls reduced their magic number to clinch the No. 1 seed to one, meaning either a Bulls win in the final two games or a Miami loss in their final three gives the Bulls the top spot. Meanwhile, the Mavericks dropped percentage points behind Denver for the sixth spot in the Western Conference. The Nuggets (35-28) have three games remaining and the Mavericks (36-29) have just one, against Atlanta Thursday. THE STAT:  With Vince Carter putting in 15 points, the Dallas bench outscored the Bulls bench 31-21. THE STAT II:  The visiting Mavericks got 19 free throw attempts (hitting 17) while the host Bulls got only 12 attempts (hitting eight). QUOTABLE:  "We're not worried about no other team. We're just trying to win every game."   --  Bulls guard Rose, when asked about the race for the No. 1 seed in the Eastern Conference. QUOTABLE II:  "They are tough team to get shots against; they are a tough team to put the ball in the basket against."   --  Dallas head coach  Rick Carlisle , taking about the Bulls' defense in the first quarter, when the Mavericks scored just eight points. TURNING POINT:  The Bulls scored the last 11 points of the third quarter to go ahead 66-56. The Mavericks cut the difference to two points, 78-76, with 4:30 left but the Bulls scored the next seven points to build the lead back up to nine. INJURY UPDATE:  With Rose and Deng playing, the Bulls are as healthy as they have been all season, although neither of those two All-Stars are 100 percent. Dallas guard  Rodrique Beaubois  suffered a dislocated left ring finger injury in the second quarter but reentered the game and scored 10 of his 16 points in the fourth quarter. GOOD MOVE:  By letting Rose play, Bulls head coach  Tom Thibodeau  got to use his projected lineup of Rose, Deng, Boozer,  Joakim Noah  and Hamilton for only the 14th time this season. The team is 12-2 when that group starts. HOT:  Boozer has scored in double figures in 10 consecutive games. During that stretch, he has averaged 13.3 points and 11.6 rebounds per game and has recorded six double-doubles in that stretch. NOTABLE I:  The Bulls got eight offensive rebounds, five from Noah and three from  Taj Gibson ... the Wizards became the only team to beat both the Bulls and Miami as the visiting team this season. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, @ Indiana Wednesday, vs. Cleveland Thursday. For the Mavericks, @ Atlanta Thursday.  