
 Pistons-Clippers notebook   By Bryan Chu, for NBA.com Posted Saturday November 13, 2010 2:51AM THE FACTS:  The Clippers mismanaged a late lead in regulation and the Pistons clamped down on defense down the stretch as the they pulled out a 113-107 overtime victory over the Clippers at Staples Center Friday. Both the Pistons and the Clippers came into the game struggling and at the bottom of their respective division standings. The short-handed Clippers, who have lost five straight, are now 1-9 for the second time in three years. The Pistons (3-6) were led by  Charlie Villanueva 's season-high 30 points and  Rodney Stuckey  chipped in with 17 points and six assists.  Eric Gordon  finished with a season-high 28 points for the Clippers and  Blake Griffin  tallied 18 points and 18 rebounds. QUOTABLE:  "I felt really comfortable out there ... I was definitely determined to get a win on the road. We haven't been so good on the road and so this was a game we definitely needed."   -- Villanueva THE STAT:  61.1 -- The Pistons' 3-point shooting percentage. They made 11 more 3-pointers than the Clippers. TURNING POINT:  The game was on the cusp of a blowout, but in the third quarter, Griffin brought the intensity. Griffin stole the ball from Stuckey and then threw down a reverse dunk in the open court, sparking a Los Angeles' 17-4 run to tie the game at 66-66 with 5:21 left. During the Clippers' run, the Pistons were 1-for-7 shooting and recorded three turnovers. QUOTABLE II:  "I had [the ball] under control, I was trying to get around [Prince] and I stepped on his foot and I just lost the ball. I probably should've held it a little bit and wait until the shot clock went down. It was definitely a tough loss. We came into this game thinking we desperately needed this win."   -- Gordon on the final play of regulation HOT:  In his first game back since missing his last two games with a bruised left shoulder, Gordon went 9-for-20 from the field for a team-high 28 points, which was the fifth straight game he has finished with 20-plus. At one point in the fourth quarter, Gordon scored 15 of the team's 17 points. Before the game, he told NBA.com that his shoulder was only at 70 percent. "I have to play with it for the next couple of weeks," said Gordon of the protective pad he wore. "At first it was throwing my shot off a bit ... it limited me in some ways." NOT:  After hitting a key 3-pointer in the final minute of regulation, the Clippers'  Rasual Butler  missed four wide-open attempts in overtime, including 0-for-3 from deep. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Villanueva finished with a game-high 30 points on 9-for-15 shooting. He did the bulk of his damage in the second and fourth period. In the second quarter, Villanueva scored 12 points including three 3-pointers. That hot touch carried over to the fourth period. Villanueva rattled in back-to-back step-back threes from the right corner late in the game for 12 points in the period. ROOKIE WATCH:  In his seventh start of the season, Clipper guard  Eric Bledsoe  tallied a season-high 18 points on 6-for-10 shooting. He had five assists but did record six turnovers in 45 minutes of play. NOTABLE:  Clippers coach  Vinny Del Negro  said  Baron Davis  (sore left knee) would be back around Thanksgiving. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Monday vs. New Jersey, Wednesday @ Minnesota, Thursday @ Indiana. For the Pistons, Sunday @ Sacramento, Monday @ Golden State, Wednesday vs. Los Angeles. 
