Notebook: Trail Blazers 90, Suns 89 
 
 
 Kerry Eggers, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Thu Nov 14, 2013 1:58 AM - Updated Thu Nov 14, 2013 1:58 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Trail Blazers' top two scorers,  LaMarcus Aldridge  and  Damian Lillard , combined to make 9-for-32 shots from the field -- and they still won. 
 
 THE LEAD:    Lillard's layup off a high pick-and-roll play with 6.5 seconds left gave Portland a 90-89 victory over Phoenix Wednesday night at the Moda Center. 
   After a timeout, the Blazers (6-2) had to agonize as the Suns had three final shots to win it --  Eric Bledsoe 's driving layup and two subsequent tips -- before pocketing their fourth win in a row. 
   Lillard's basket capped a comeback by the Blazers, who trailed 77-69 with eight minutes left on a night when both offenses struggled.  
 
 Thomas Robinson  came off the bench to lead Portland with 15 points to go with eight rebounds in 17 minutes.  Robin Lopez  collected 13 points and 15 rebounds for the Blazers, who equalled their season-high with 17 turnovers. 
   Bledsoe led Phoenix (5-3) with 23 points. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "Damian was aggressive, L.A. set a good screen and it was like the Red Sea parted." 
 -- Portland coach  Terry Stotts  on the play that freed up Lillard for the game-winning layup  
 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Phoenix led 77-69 when the Suns'  Goran Dragic  and Portland's  Mo Williams  bumped heads chasing a loose ball. Dragic left the game and never returned, and the Suns missed him. 
 
 HOT:  Both coaches -- under the collar, at least, after watching their teams shoot air balls and miss layups for much of the night.   
 
 NOT:  Aldridge started the game 0-for-6, finally got a dunk in the closing seconds of the first half and finished the night 5-for-19. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "Eric probably got fouled on the layup, and then we had two tip-ins that were point. A tough one to take. That's the way it goes. You're going to win some of those close games, and lose some."  
 -- Phoenix coach  Jeff Hornacek  on the Suns' final possession 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Stotts used 6-foot-8  Nicolas Batum  to guard the 6-foot-1 Bledsoe on the game's final possession. Batum made it just tough enough that Bledsoe missed the potential game-winner.  
 
 BAD MOVE:  In the first half, the Suns'  Marcus Morris  fouled Robinson on a desperation 3-point attempt with less than a second on the shot clock. Robinson made only one of three gift shots, though. 
 
 BAD MOVE II:  Phoenix's  Miles Plumlee  clanked a dunk attempt off the rim so hard, the ball bounced out nearly to midcourt in the third quarter. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "It seemed like that was the longest time of my life."  
 -- LaMarcus Aldridge of the 6.5 seconds on the Suns' final possession 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  It required 13 stitches to close the cut on Dragic's forehead. ... Lopez and Aldridge (12 points, 12 rebounds) each recorded his third straight double-double. ... Lopez's 15 rebounds were a career high. ... Robinson's 15 points matched his career high. ... Portland won with its leading scorer tallying 15 points or fewer for the first time since 2004. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Suns, Friday vs. Brooklyn, Tuesday at Sacramento, Wednesday vs. Sacramento. For the Trail Blazers, Friday at Boston, Sunday at Toronto, Monday at Brooklyn. 
