Notebook: Heat 105, Bobcats 92 
 
 
 Derek S. Smith, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Dec 26, 2012 10:55 PM - Updated Wed Dec 26, 2012 10:55 PM 
 
 THE FACTS: Dwyane Wade  scored a game-high 29 points including 13 in the fourth quarter as the Miami Heat held off the pesky Charlotte Bobcats 105-92 for their sixth straight Wednesday night at Time Warner Cable Arena. Charlotte, which was paced by 27 points from  Kemba Walker , has now lost 16 consecutive games after starting the season 7-5. The Heat are off to a franchise-best 20-6 record. 
 
 QUOTABLE: " We're not a team that trying to win in two quarters or three quarters. We know it takes 48 minutes to win a basketball game and we're not going to shortcut anything. We know teams are going to make runs and we have to be able to withstand their run and make enough plays offensively and defensively to come away with it." 
 -- Heat's  LeBron James 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Miami leads the NBA in 3-point shooting at 40.9 percent on the season and are the only team making at least 40 percent of their attempts. The Heat were 12-for-23 (52.2 percent) against Charlotte while the Bobcats were just 5-for-14 (35.7). Miami has now made at least 10 3-pointers in a game nine times this year. In addition to topping the league in shooting from behind the arc, they also lead the NBA in overall field-goal percentage at 49.5. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  LeBron James drained a 24-footer to jump start a 14-5 run which put the game out of reach for the Charlotte Bobcats.  Gerald Henderson  had pulled the Bobcats within a bucket at 84-82, but Miami wouldn't let the Bobcats get closer. Wade added a pair of jumpers in the middle of the run which James finished with another long 3 for a 98-87 advantage.  
 
 QUOTABLE II: " That is what we're going to face on the road. The home team is not going to go away. We understand that. We have been through that over the last three years here so we're comfortable and confident in those situations. It's about making the right plays on both ends of the floor." 
 -- Dwyane Wade 
 
 
 HOT:  Wade and James carried Miami in the fourth quarter. The dynamic duo combined for 21 of the team's 27 fourth-quarter points and made 7-for-9 from the floor including three from behind the arc. They also had five of the team's eight rebounds and added two key blocked shots.  
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Mario Chalmers  has stepped up offensively for the Heat the last two games. Chalmers is averaging 18.5 points, 2.0 rebounds and 3.0 assists in that stretch and has not committed a turnover either. Chalmers made four threes in each of the two games. He is currently averaging just 7.1 points, 2.4 rebounds and 3.6 assists on the season.  
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  Former Charlotte mayor and current North Carolina governor-elect  Pat McCrory  was in attendance. The "Nature Boy"  Rick Flair  was also in attendance at the game and LeBron James noticed. "When I was a kid," James said. "I loved wrestling. He was one of the guys I loved, too. I think he's one of the creators of what we call swag these days with the Rolexes and the stretch limos and all the girls and all that stuff. He's one of the creators of swag." 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:   Michael Kidd-Gilchrist  had six points, five rebounds, two assists and on e steal for the Bobcats in 22 minutes but was again plagued by early foul trouble which limited him to just 22 minutes. Fellow rookie  Jeffery Taylor  had just one point in seven minutes of action.  
 
 NOTABLE:  Kemba Walker scored 27-plus points for the fourth time in the last six games and 20-plus for the eighth time in the last 13 games.  Hakim Warrick  recorded season highs of 18 points and nine rebounds.  Ramon Sessions  scored in double figures for the 23rd time in 28 games.  DeSagana Diop  has recorded nine blocks in the last two games. LeBron James scored 20-plus points for the 26th straight game to start the season and recorded his 15th double-double. Dwyane Wade scored 20-plus points for the 12th game this season.  Chris Bosh  scored in double figures for the 23rd time. Miami has won 28 of its 31 games in December since the 2010-11 season and at 4-0 is the only undefeated team in the second night of a back-to-back this season. The Heat have won eight straight against the Bobcats, but have dropped six of the last 11 in Charlotte. Miami has won five of its last six by double digits. Miami had led the duration of the fourth quarter in eight of their last nine games and have now won four games this year in which they never trailed. The trio of James, Wade and Chris Bosh combined for 70 points. It's the 57th time since coming together that the trio has reached that point total.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Friday at Detroit, Saturday at Milwaukee, Monday at Orlando. For the Bobcats, Friday at Brooklyn, Saturday vs. New Orleans, Monday at Chicago.  
