  Raptors-Celtics notebook   By Brian Robb, for NBA.com Posted Friday November 26, 2010 11:23PM THE FACTS:   Kevin Garnett  led five Celtics in double figures with 26 points and grabbed 11 rebounds as they defeated the Toronto Raptors 110-101. Boston avenged an earlier loss to Toronto this past Sunday, aided by the return of  Rajon Rondo , who posted 14 assists in his return to the starting lineup. Raptors forward  Linas Kleiza  led Toronto with 18 points off the bench. QUOTABLE:  "Kevin's energy tonight was off the charts. You knew it would be if you know Kevin after the loss last Sunday. He was just athletic tonight. He's been that way all year." -- Celtics coach  Doc Rivers  on Garnett's performance THE STAT:  With Rondo playing his first game since last Friday, the Celtics got back to their unselfish ways as a team, dishing out assists on 22 of their first 23 made baskets of the game. Boston finished with 33 assists on the night, tying a season- high. TURNING POINT:  Despite squandering much of their 14-point lead in the first half, Boston returned to the floor after halftime with authority, outscoring Toronto 11-2 in the opening 2:22 of the third quarter. The strong effort out of the locker room enabled the Celtics to rebuild their double-digit advantage. Toronto did not get closer than six points the rest of the way. QUOTABLE II:  "If you get a group of guys that are willing to make the extra pass, it is absolutely contagious. Even if you have a selfish guy, if they see it, they will catch the bug. Our guys have really bought into it." -- Doc Rivers  QUOTABLE III:  "We put ourselves in a bad position throughout the game. It was a big differential, especially against a team like Boston who is really experienced and knows how to execute down the stretch. It was too big of a lead for us to come back." -- Raptors forward  Peja Stojakovic QUOTABLE IV:  "Rondo really set the tone with the penetration and inside play. I liked the way we started the game, but we have to do a better job finishing the game." --  Paul Pierce HOT:   Ray Allen  came roaring out of gate from the opening tip, hitting all three of his 3-point attempts in the game's first four minutes, helping Boston stretch their lead to 19-5 in the first quarter. NOT:  Raptors starting shooting guard  Sonny Weems  struggled mightily against Boston's aggressive defense, missing all nine of his field goal attempts. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:   Shaquille O'Neal  continued in his offensive dominance in the paint, feasting on a smaller Toronto front line by hitting all five of his field goals. O'Neal scored 16 points on the night with nine rebounds. The veteran is shooting 71.9 percent from the field in the month of November. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Patriots wide receiver  Deion Branch  sat courtside for the game with his family. GOOD MOVE:  Toronto head coach  Jay Triano  gave major minutes to his new-look bench for large stretches of the second and fourth quarters. The trust paid off as the reserves clawed their team back into the game in both frames, fighting back from double-digit deficits each time. The Raptor bench outscored the starters 63-38 overall. ROOKIE WATCH:  Turkish backup center  Semih Erden  bounced back from a trio of subpar performances with an efficient night on the offensive end. Erden hit all four of his field goals, including two thunderous dunks in 11 minutes of action. NOTABLE:  Rondo dished out eight assists in the first quarter. The point guard also showed some rust in his return, finishing with eight turnovers. ... Toronto piled up eight offensive rebounds in the opening frame and 17 overall for the game. They outrebounded Boston 44-35 on the night. ... Raptors forward  Reggie Evans  suffered a broken right foot in the third quarter. He is expected to miss several weeks. ...  Glen Davis  scored 16 of his 18 points in the second half. ... Stojakovic scored 13 points in just 15 minutes, all in the second half. ... The Celtics outscored the Raptors 64-44 in the paint. UP NEXT:  For the Raptors, Sunday vs. Atlanta, Wednesday vs. Washington, Friday vs. Oklahoma City. For the Celtics, Tuesday @ Cleveland, Wednesday vs. Portland, Friday vs. Chicago.  