Notebook: Trail Blazers 116, Clippers 112 
 
 
 Kerry Eggers, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Dec 27, 2013 3:10 AM - Updated Fri Dec 27, 2013 3:11 AM 
 
 THE FACT:   The Trail Blazers are 14-1 in games decided by 10 points or fewer, 14-0 in games in which they are ahead at halftime and 19-0 in games in which they enter the final period with a lead. 
 
 THE LEAD:   LaMarcus Aldridge  scored seven of his team-high 32 points in overtime and  Wesley Matthews  hit four straight free throws over the final 1:05 as Portland improved its NBA-best record to 24-5. 
 Aldridge also grabbed 10 rebounds for the Blazers, who overcame a spectacular performance by  Chris Paul . The Clippers' All-Star point guard went for 34 points, 16 assists and six steals. 
 Aldridge led six Blazers scoring in double figures, including Matthews (19 points, seven rebounds, six assists) and  Nicolas Batum  (19 points, seven rebounds), whose 3-pointer with 5.3 seconds left in regulation forced the extra session. 
 
 Blake Griffin  scored a season-high 35 points to go with 11 rebounds and  Jamal Crawford  added 21 points off the bench for the Clippers (20-11). 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We think we're going to win the game. We don't think we're out of it. Generally, our finishing group is very confident about what we can do at both ends of the court. Offensively, we have a lot of guys who can make shots and make plays, and defensively, we rise to the occasion."  
 -- Portland coach  Terry Stotts , on his players' mindset during his team's run of close victories 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Portland has scored at least 100 points in 16 straight games, the first team to do it since Toronto went on a 20-game streak in 2010. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Blazers were 8-for-8 from the foul line over the final 1:05 to turn a one-point deficit into the four-point winning margin. 
 
 HOT:  Paul was sensational, especially early, making 11 of his first 14 shots from the field. He finished 16-for-29.  
 
 NOT:  Crawford started the game 2-for-10 from the field, finishing with a more respectable 8-for-21 night. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We should not have gone to overtime. I had a great shot to win the game (in regulation). I got right where I wanted to. I probably tricked myself too much. I don't even know if [the Blazers] had a foul to give. I went a little too quick, because I thought they they were going to try and use one of their fouls. I didn't think I would end up as open as I was. I've got to make that shot."  
 --  Chris Paul , on the missed shot at the end of regulation. The Blazers did have a foul to give but didn't use it 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Stotts switched the 6-foot-8 Batum onto the 6-0 Paul late in regulation. Paul went scoreless on 0-for-2 shooting in the overtime after scoring 34 through regulation play. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Ahead by three points with 9.3 seconds to go in regulation, Clippers coach  Doc Rivers  chose not to foul intentionally. Batum wound up drilling a 3-pointer to send the game into overtime. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:   "We gave them that 3 at the end (of regulation). That can't happen. Number one, we should have fouled, and that's on me. We had too much indecision. I always foul. The one time I don't, (the Blazers) score."  --  Doc Rivers 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  The Clippers'  DeAndre Jordan  fouled out in overtime with 19 rebounds, two short of his season high. ... Aldridge was listed as a "game-time decision" after having three wisdom teeth removed on Sunday. He said he went through game-day shootaround and then shot during pre-game before deciding he could play.  ... Aldridge had his ninth game of at least 25 points and 10 rebounds, second in the NBA to Minnesota's  Kevin Love . ... Aldridge is within 23 points of becoming Portland's sixth 10,000-point career scorer. ... Portland's  Mo Williams , who injured a hip late in last Saturday's win over New Orleans, played well off the bench with 12 points and eight assists in 24 minutes.   
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Saturday vs. Utah, Monday vs. Phoenix, Wednesday vs. Charlotte. For the Trail Blazers, Saturday vs. Miami, Monday @ New Orleans, Tuesday @ Oklahoma City. 
