  Magic-Lakers notebook   By Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com Posted Sunday February 13, 2011 7:49PM THE FACTS:   Dwight Howard  had 31 points and 13 rebounds and Orlando held the Los Angeles Lakers to 34 points in the second half of the Magic's 89-75 victory. Andrew Bynum  and  Kobe Bryant  scored 17 points each for the Lakers, who lost for the first time on a seven-game road trip that has two games remaining. It was the Magic's first victory against an opponent with a winning record since Jan. 8 at Dallas. QUOTABLE:  "We hadn't played well against some of the top teams like Boston, Miami and Chicago, and the way we played today, this is the way that we're supposed to play every night. This was just one of those nights when it seem like guys said: `Enough is enough.'"  -  Magic guard  Jason Richardson. THE STAT:  Kobe Bryant, who played more than 33 minutes, did not attempt a free throw for the first time in any game this season. QUOTABLE II:  "I was too far away from the basket tonight and just tried to facilitate a little too much.''  -  Bryant. TURNING POINT:  The Magic led by only five points as the clock was running out in the third quarter.  Gilbert Arenas , falling out of bounds 40 feet from the basket, threw the ball toward the basket in desperation. Howard grabbed it and dunked it as the clock expired. HOT:  Led by Howard's 9-for-9, The Magic shot 53 percent in the second half against the NBA's sixth-ranked team in defensive field goal percentage. NOT:  The Lakers shot 39 percent for the game, 7-for-15 from the foul line and 2-for-16 from behind the 3-point line. Their 75-point total was a season low. QUOTABLE III:  "I told our players since they took part of the day off today, maybe tomorrow we can get after it at Charlotte and redeem ourselves."  -  Lakers coach  Phil Jackson . GOOD MOVE:   Brandon Bass  returned to the Magic rotation with 29 1/2 minutes and contributed eight rebounds. BAD MOVE:  There was a big-time blown non-call on Arenas' buzzer-beating pass -- his left foot came down out of bounds before the pass. QUOTABLE IV:  "Our guys had been a little down. I was a litle worried about us losing confidence. A game like this . . . at least you've got something to point to and say we're capable of playing at this level against anybody in this league."  -  Magic coach  Stan Van Gundy . IN THE ARENA:  Linebacker  Ray Lewis  of the Baltimore Ravens was among the record crowd of 19,193. NOTABLE:  In 22 seasons, the Magic have beaten the Lakers only 14 times, including once in the 2009 NBA Finals . . . The Lakers had six offensive rebounds in the first quarter and finished the game with 11. UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Monday @ Charlotte, Wednesday @ Cleveland, Tuesday (Feb. 22) vs. Atlanta. For the Magic, Wednesday vs. Washington, Wednesday (Feb. 23) vs. Sacramento, Friday, (Feb. 25) vs. Oklahoma City.  