  Notebook: Thunder Posted Tuesday April 24, 2012 11:58PM By Randy Renner, NBA.com THE FACTS:  Oklahoma City's  Kevin Durant  scored 32 points in 32 minutes to gain a little ground on  Kobe Bryant  for the NBA scoring title and his Thunder teammates rallied from 13 points down to beat the Sacramento Kings 118-110 inside sold-out Chesapeake Energy Arena. Oklahoma City trailed much of the game but used 36 fourth quarter points from bench players to grab the win. Durant's 32 led the Thunder, he also pulled down nine rebounds. OKC's 3-point specialist  Daequan Cook  came off the bench to score 19 points, all in the final frame, on 6-for-9 shooting (4-for-5 on 3-pointers).  Russell Westbrook  added 13 points, grabbed eight rebounds and handed out six assists. The Kings had three players score at least 20 points led by center  DeMarcus Cousins  who managed to play only because the NBA rescinded his 13th technical foul of the year shortly before tipoff and he avoided being suspended.  Jason Thompson  added 22 and  Travis Outlaw  dropped in 20. The Kings have now lost nine of their last 11 games. Oklahoma City is going the other direction winning for the seventh time in the last 10 games. QUOTABLE:  "After the first quarter (when Sacramento scored 40 points) we played better defense. DC (Cook) hit big shot after big shot and I thought Derek (Fisher) was great leading the second unit. But our defense was only good in spurts tonight, not what we need it to be."  --  Thunder head coach  Scott Brooks. THE STAT:  The Thunder bench scored 36 points in the fourth quarter on 11-for-19 shooting (57.9 percent) and hit all but one of their 11 free throw attempts. TURNING POINT:  The Thunder trailed by as many as 13 points in the first half but had cut the gap down to just four points (86-82) going into the fourth quarter. That's when Brooks made the decision of the game, letting his bench guys play the rest of the way. They outscored the Kings 36-24 to win the game. QUOTABLE II:  "That was somewhat the general plan (to leave the bench in for the entire fourth quarter). Going into the game I thought our starters probably wouldn't play in the fourth quarter."  --  Brooks. HOT:  Both teams got off to blazing starts...the Kings hit seven of their first eight shots (87.5 percent) and the Thunder started the game 6-for-8 (75 percent)...Sacramento finished the first quarter 18-for-22 (81.8 percent) and OKC ended the first 12 minutes shooting 61.1 percent (11-for-18)... Kevin Durant  was 5-for-8 (16 points) in the first quarter...Cousins was 7-for-11 in the first half and 6-for-11 in the second half. NOT:  After scoring 40 points on 81.8 percent shooting in the first quarter the Kings put just 19 on the board in the second quarter on 33.3 percent shooting...Westbrook was 3-for-11 in the first 24 minutes...Kings guard  Isaiah Thomas  was 1-for-6 in the second half...Durant was 2-for-8 after halftime. INSIDE THE ARENA:  The Thunder had a special assistant coach with them all day long. 17-year-old  Lorelei Decker , a cancer patient and student at an Oklahoma City area high school asked the Oklahoma Make-A-Wish Foundation to be a Thunder coach for a day. Her wish was granted by the team and head coach Brooks. Decker had breakfast and lunch with the coaches at the Thunder practice facility and participated in the team shoot-around. Lorelei then sat courtside as a guest of the Thunder. GOOD MOVE:  Before the game Thunder head coach Brooks said he thought, "it would be cool," if Durant won his third straight scoring title. Brooks allowed his three-time All-Star to play 32 of the game's first 36 minutes and his teammates fed him the ball late in the third quarter. Durant responded by scoring 32 points in those 32 minutes to gain a little more ground on the Lakers  Kobe Bryant . NOTABLE:  Thunder sixth man  James Harden  was not at the arena tonight as he continues to recover from a concussion he suffered Sunday after being elbowed by Laker forward  Metta World Peace . Harden will continue to undergo tests. He is being listed as day-to-day but Harden is unlikely to play Wednesday against the Nuggets. Asked what he thought of the seven game suspension handed out to World Peace, Brooks said only, "That's a league issue. We're just focused on making sure James comes back healthy and we finish strong. I don't have anything else to say about it." UP NEXT:  For the Kings, Thursday vs. LA Lakers. For the Thunder, Wednesday vs. Denver, Saturday or Sunday Game 1 in the First Round of the NBA Playoffs.  