  Bulls-Wizards notebook   By Rich Dubroff, for NBA.com  Posted Wednesday December 22, 2010 11:38PM THE FACTS:   Carlos Boozer  had 30 points and  Derrick Rose  25 in the Chicago Bulls' 87-80 win over the Washington Wizards on Wednesday night. Boozer, who missed the first 15 games with a broken right hand, had 10 rebounds and seven assists for the Bulls, who have won nine of their last 10. Washington, which has lost 12 of 14, was led by  Nick Young's  22 and  Kirk Hinrich's  19. QUOTABLE:  "He knew we're both vets. We've been around the block. We've played a lot of playoff games. We've played a lot of games where we had five fouls."   -- Carlos Boozer on coach  Tom Thibodeau's  decision to keep him and  Kurt Thomas  in the game with five fouls for much of the fourth quarter. THE STAT:  The Wizards' 33 points were the most for any first quarter this season, and their 10 fourth-quarter points were the fewest for any this season. TURNING POINT:  Chicago held Washington scoreless for more than four minutes in the fourth quarter to take an 81-73 lead. QUOTABLE II:  "After that layup, I knew it was going to be a long night -- and it was."   --  Andray Blatche , who badly missed a layup in the first four minutes on his way to an abysmal night. HOT:  Boozer was 11-for-18 from the field and had his second 30-plus game in the last four games. NOT:  Blatche shot a horrific 3-for-14 and had four turnovers. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Boozer, baby. With  Joakim Noah  missing his third straight game with an injured right thumb, and out for 8-10 weeks, Boozer will take over the scoring. GOOD MOVE:  Thibodeau kept Boozer in the game after he picked up his fifth foul with 6:57 to play. He didn't foul out and scored four key points and blocked a shot by Young. BAD MOVE:  The Wizards played lots of isolation-type ball. Washington coach  Flip Saunders  chided himself for allowing it to happen and vowed it won't happen again. ROOKIE WATCH:  Chicago center  Omer Asik  had four rebounds, two blocked shots and scored a field goal in six minutes. Washington forward  Trevor Booker  played just 20 scoreless seconds. IN THE ARENA:  The University of Maryland football team. The Terrapins will face East Carolina in next week's Military Bowl at RFK Stadium. Their coach, Ralph Friedgen, who was unceremoniously fired on Monday after being named the Atlantic Coast Conference's Coach of the Year, but will still coach in the game, didn't join his team.  NOTABLE:  Both teams were coming off enormous wins. The Wizards' 33-point victory over Charlotte on Monday was their largest in more than five years, and the Bulls' 45-point win against Philadelphia on Tuesday, their largest win in nearly four years. Something had to give, and the Wizards floundered in the final three quarters. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls: Saturday @ Knicks, Sunday @ Pistons, Tuesday vs. Bucks. For the Wizards: Sunday @ Spurs, Monday @ Rockets, 12/29 vs. Pacers  