  Notebook: Clippers 95, Heat 89   By Dan Arritt, for NBA.com Posted Thursday January 12, 2012 2:54AM THE FACTS:  Missed free throws and apparent missed calls were enough to doom the Heat in overtime for the second consecutive night. The Clippers, meanwhile, celebrated a season-high 27 points from  Chris Paul  and 20 each from  Blake Griffin  and  Caron Butler  as they beat the Heat in L.A. for the second consecutive season, 95-89, in front of a sold-out crowd at Staples Center. QUOTABLE:  "It's just another win. We can't hang our hat on that. It's about winning these games and winning the so-called smaller games because that's what puts your franchise in a winning position."   --Clippers forward Blake Griffin. THE STAT:  The Heat shot 20-for-34 from the free-throw line, including 9-for-16 over the final seven minutes of regulation.  LeBron James  was the biggest culprit, shooting 9-for-17 from the stripe with four misses down the stretch that would have either tied the score or given the Heat the lead. His final miss with 5.1 seconds remaining allowed the game to stretch to overtime. TURNING POINT:  Butler, who scored 18 points after halftime, sank a jumper on the first possession of overtime and the Clippers held the lead the rest of the way, closing the game on a 9-3 run. HOT:  Miami coach  Erik Spoelstra , apparently unhappy over a non-goaltending call on a blocked shot by Clippers big man  DeAndre Jordan  with 48 seconds remaining in overtime and the Clippers leading by three, was ejected shortly afterward and he didn't go peacefully, storming the middle of the court to get in the face of the referees. NOT:  In addition to the missed free throws, the Heat didn't shoot the basketball anywhere particularly well down the stretch. After James made a four-foot runner with 7:31 remaining in regulation, they didn't convert another field goal until overtime, when they shot 1-for-10. James, who finished with a team-high 23 points, also did not score a point from the final 40 seconds of the first quarter until 4:31 remained in the third. QUOTABLE II:  "I put a lot of the free throws on me. It's kind of a rhythm. I need to concentrate a little more at the free-throw line and knock them down and we'll be fine."   -- Heat forward LeBron James. GOOD MOVE:  Paul made a heads-up play in the final minute of the third quarter, letting the ball roll untouched past the mid-court line while saving time for a possible 2-for-1 situation. Paul then picked up the basketball with about 33 seconds on the clock, drove into the lane and dished to Jordan for a tomahawk dunk and a 70-69 lead, which help up until the end of the quarter. They were the first points of the night for Jordan, who finished with eight points, 11 rebounds and six blocked shots. BAD MOVE:  Despite another double-double, Griffin didn't have his best performance on the big stage. He scored just four points after halftime and continually settled for outside shots, especially early in the third quarter, when he missed his first three. NOTABLE:  When the Clippers beat the Heat last season, they scored 44 points in the opening quarter. They had 43 at the half Wednesday night ... Through the first 21 minutes, only Griffin, Paul and  Mo Williams  had scored for the Clippers. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Saturday vs. L.A. Lakers, Monday vs. New Jersey, Tuesday @ Utah. For the Heat, Friday @ Denver, Tuesday vs. San Antonio, Jan. 19 vs. L.A. Lakers.  