  Notebook: Thunder 91, Raptors 75 Posted Sunday April 8, 2012 10:25PM By Randy Renner, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The Oklahoma City Thunder used a huge second half run and led by as many as 25 points in burying the Toronto Raptors 91-75.  Kevin Durant  led the Thunder with 23 points on 7-for-14 shooting. OKC's sixth man  James Harden  added 17 and  Russell Westbrook  dropped in 15 on 5-for-12 shooting. The Raptors managed to get just two players in double figures.  Point guard  Jose Calderon  led the way with 19 points on 8-for-12 shooting and  DeMar DeRozan  added 16 but it took him 22 shots to get there. The Raptors had to play the entire second half without their leading scorer, forward  Andrea Bargnani . His left calf tightened up at halftime and he didn't return. Bargnani took only three shots and finished with seven points, his lowest total of the season. The Thunder defense shut down the Raptors in the second half holding them to just 32 points on 33.3 percent shooting. QUOTABLE:  "We held them under 40 percent (shooting) and anytime you can do that it puts you in good position. We just had to defend and move the ball and we knew we'd be okay."  --  Thunder head coach  Scott Brooks. TURNING POINT:  Midway through the third quarter Toronto had cut an eight point Oklahoma City lead down to just three when the Thunder woke up and zipped out on a 24-0 run, 12-0 to end the third quarter and 12-0 to start the fourth, turning a tenuous 58-55 nail-biter into an 82-55 blowout early in the fourth quarter. THE STAT:  During the run Toronto was 0-for-9 and turned the ball over eight times. Meanwhile, Oklahoma City was 8-for-10 and did not turn the ball over. QUOTABLE II:  "The moment you relax they can hurt you. It was a three point game and that opened the floodgates. Those are things we have to stop. No matter who's on the court they have to pay attention to detail. Those breakdowns can't happen."  --  Raptors head coach  Dwane Casey  on the 24-0 Oklahoma City run. QUOTABLE III:  "We've talked about starting and finishing quarters strong. We really did that well in the third and fourth quarters."  --  Brooks. HOT:  Toronto point guard  Jose Calderon  started the game 5-for-6 (10 points)...In the fourth quarter Harden was 4-for-6. NOT:  The Raptors shot just 37.5 percent (9-for-24) in the first quarter. Five of those makes were Calderon's the rest of the team as just 4-for-18 (22.2 percent)... DeMar DeRozan  was 3-for-11 in the first 16 minutes...In the third quarter the Raptors shot 23.8 percent...DeRozan was 0-for-6 in the third. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Another sell-out crowd inside Chesapeake Energy Arena, the 43rd straight regular season full house and the 52nd consecutive including playoffs. GOOD MOVE:  On the last play of the first quarter Durant grabbed a rebound and raced back up the court as the clock ticked down from four seconds. Durant faked to his left and cut to his right going across the mid-court line and then drove into the lane as the clocked ticked past two seconds. He then avoided a Raptors player in the lane and dropped in a short jumper just as the buzzer sounded. NOTABLE:  Bargnani left the game in the second half with tightness in his left calf and did not return. Toronto is listing him day-to-day for now...The Thunder is now 7-0 on Sundays this season...The 75 points by Toronto is the second lowest allowed by OKC this season (74 vs. New Jersey). UP NEXT:  For the Raptors, Monday @ Indiana, Wednesday vs. Philadelphia, Friday vs. Boston. For the Thunder, Monday @ Milwaukee, Wednesday vs. LA Clippers, Friday vs. Sacramento.  