Notebook: Raptors 92, Knicks 88 
 
 
 Dan Kelly, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Feb 13, 2013 11:34 PM - Updated Thu Feb 14, 2013 9:05 AM 
 
 THE FACTS:  The Raptors shot 4-for-19 in the first quarter but finished the game at 42.5 percent en route to a 92-88 victory over the Knicks on Wednesday night. 
 For the Raptors, it was their fifth win in seven games since  Rudy Gay  joined the team. Gay struggled, going 4-for-21 from the floor for 11 points but he scored five points in the fourth quarter and made three free throws down the stretch to help Toronto hold onto the win. 
 
 Carmelo Anthony  grabbed 12 rebounds and  Tyson Chandler  grabbed nine as the Knicks outrebounded the Raptors 52-35.   
 
 J.R. Smith  finished with 26 points to lead the Knicks. This is the seventh time this season Smith has led the team in scoring.  
 The Knicks enter the All-Star break having lost three of their last four but remain atop the Atlantic Division.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "It is a contusion. I will be fine. It was like a dead arm out there. I tried to get through it and get some feeling back. It is what it is at this point. It was early in the 1st quarter. Through the whole game it was bothering me." 
 -- Carmelo Anthony 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Raptors shot 21-for-24 from the free-throw line.  DeMar DeRozan  was 10-for-10.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  It was 55-55 with 2:51 in the third quarter when  Kyle Lowry  got called for his second technical foul and was replaced by  John Lucas III,  who promptly knocked down a 3-pointer. The Raptors extended their lead to as many as nine points following the Lowry ejection and never allowed the Knicks to get closer than 83-80 when Anthony hit a three.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "Losing here at home dissapoints me more than anything. We played solid defense in the first half and we came back in the second half and couldn't make shots. We weren't too bad defensively tonight. We had nothing on offense and that is what put us in a hole." 
 -- Knicks coach  Mike Woodson 
 
 
 HOT: Alan Anderson  scored 26 points on 10-for-16 shooting from the floor including 6-for-8 from 3-point range.  
 
 NOT:  Anthony shot 5-for-24 from the floor and 1-for-4 from the free-throw line for 12 points.  
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "We haven't been the defensive team the way we started the season. We were aggressive, communicating and excited to play and we haven't done that the last 12 games." 
 -- J.R. Smith 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  Six technical fouls were handed out to Lowry (2),  Aaron Gray , Chandler, Anthony and  Raymond Felton .  
 
 QUOTABLE IV:  "There are a lot of things that we need to work on but for sure we need to sharpen our defense."  
 -- Mike Woodson 
 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA: Patrick Ewing  received a massive ovation between the third and fourth quarters. Actors  Alan Alda ,  Chazz Palminteri   and the New York Giants'  Justin Tuck  sat courtside.  Quest Love  was the arena DJ.   
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Knicks following the All-Star break, Wednesday @ Indiana, Friday @ Toronto, Sunday vs. Philadelphia. For the Raptors following the break, Tuesday @ Washington, Wednesday vs Memphis, Friday vs. New York. 
