Notebook: Raptors 99, Bobcats 78 
 
 
 Duane Watson, For NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Jan 11, 2013 11:00 PM - Updated Fri Jan 11, 2013 11:00 PM 
 
 THE FACTS : The Toronto Raptors won their second game in a row, defeating the Charlotte Bobcats 99-78 at the Air Canada Centre on Friday night. The Raptors are now 3-2 during their season-high six game homestand and have won 10 of their last 13 games. Toronto took this game wire-to-wire, with as much as a 24-point lead. The Raptors started the game on a 19-6 run, outshooting, outplaying and outhustling the Bobcats and never looked back. 
 The Raptors' (14-22) scoring was paced by  Alan Anderson' s 16 points, including four, 3-pointers, while  Jose Calderon  added 15 points and six assists.  Forward  Amir Johnson  scored 13 points and grabbed eight rebounds, while his teammate at the position  Ed Davis  had 12 points and eight rebounds. 
 
 Michael Kidd-Gilchrist, Kemba Walker  and  Ben Gordon  all scored 12 points each for the Bobcats (9-26). Walker added a game-high eight assists while  Ramon Sessions  added 11 points off the bench. 
 
 QUOTABLE : "That's been our downfall all season. We usually have the game and during the fourth quarters, we tend to lose them. Now we had a big turnaround and tend to play those fourth quarters out all the way." 
 -- Raptors forward Amir Johnson on finishing strong 
 
 THE STAT:  The Bobcats' 37.3 percent shooting from the field is an obvious number that sticks out, but giving up 22 second-chance points to the Raptors is a sure way as any to give away a basketball game. 
 
 TURNING POINT : The Raptors won the first quarter 29-16 and didn't let up for the rest of the game. The margin was as wide as 24 points and the Bobcats never threatened a double-digit lead. 
 
 QUOTABLE II : "The hardest thing to do is to play with a lead. It is about focus, attention to detail, staying in the moment, and pushing every possession. That is what our guys did tonight." 
 -- Raptors coach  Dwane Casey 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE : Casey played seldom-used rookie  Quincy Acy  early in the game and his physical presence and activity paid off. Casey was able to give his starters rest while Acy tied a career-high points with six, and set new career-highs in rebounds (six) and blocks (two). 
 
 NOTABLE : The Raptors have led wire-to-wire in each of their last three victories. ...The Raptors have dished out 20 or more assists in 12 of their last 14 games. ...The Bobcats have allowed 100 or more points in 21 of 25 games since a 98-97 home win over Toronto on Nov. 21.  ...  Terrence Ross  returned to the line up for the Raptors after missing a game with a sprained left ankle.  
 
 UP NEXT : For the Raptors, Sunday vs. Milwaukee, Tuesday @ Brooklyn, Wednesday vs.  Chicago. For the Bobcats, Saturday @ Indiana, Monday @ Boston and Thursday vs. Indiana.  
