Notebook: Clippers 108, Pelicans 95 
 
 
 Dan Arritt, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Thu Dec 19, 2013 1:48 AM - Updated Thu Dec 19, 2013 1:48 AM 
 
 THE FACT:   Clippers center  DeAndre Jordan  had 14 points, 20 rebounds and five blocks for his 12th double-double of the season, matching his career-high total from last season.    
 
 THE LEAD:   The Pelicans (11-13) received some surprising late additions to their bench Wednesday night, getting  Anthony Davis  back after a seven-game absence because of a fractured left hand and  Tyreke Evans  returned after missing two games with a sprained ankle. But even those reinforcements weren't enough to contain the big bodies on the Clippers (18-9), who led them to a 108-95 victory at Staples Center. 
 
 QUOTABLE:    "We should be seeing [Jordan] in New Orleans come February." 
 -- Clippers'  Chris Paul  on the possibility of Jordan making the All-Star Game 
 
 
 THE STAT:   Most of the numbers came after the game was decided, but Evans came off the bench to record his second career triple-double, recording 11 points, a career-high 13 rebounds and 10 assists. 
 
 TURNING POINT:   The Pelicans were within four points after  Al-Farouq Aminu  dunked one of his team's 18 offensive rebounds with about 9 ½ minutes left in the third quarter.  Jamal Crawford  answered by draining a 3-pointer to beat the shot clock and that sparked a 9-0 run that put the Pelicans behind by 13. Try as it might, New Orleans was never able to get back within single digits. 
 
 HOT:   The Clippers had seven players score in double figures but only Jordan and  Jared Dudley  shot better than 50 percent from the floor. Jordan made all six of his shot attempts and Dudley finished 7-for-11 from the floor, including 4-for-6 from 3-point range. Ever since Dudley shot 1-for-7 against the Nets last week and then wrote on Twitter that he would bench himself if he were the coach, Dudley is 19-for-31 in the three games since, including 10-for-16 from long range. Davis was expected to miss 4-6 weeks after suffering the fracture in his hand Dec. 1, but surprised everyone by putting on his uniform and then coming off the bench to produce 24 points and 12 rebounds in 33 minutes. 
 
 NOT:   New Orleans forward  Ryan Anderson  got off to a good start, sinking a 3-pointer to give the Pelicans a 5-4 lead, but both would be short-lived. Anderson went on to shoot 7-for-21 from the floor and score 17 points. The Pelicans didn't offer much resistance around the rim either. They came in leading the lead at 6.7 blocked shots a game, but managed just one against the Clippers and that came from Evans. Good thing the L.A. forwards were on their game as Paul and Crawford combined to shoot 7-for-26. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:   The Pelicans also entered the game as one of the top fast-break teams in the league, averaging 16.5 points on the break this season. But the Clippers kept them in check for most of the night, limiting them to four fast-break points through the first three quarters before New Orleans managed eight in an undisciplined fourth. The Clippers did a great job sharing the ball early on, collecting an assist on all 11 of their field goals in the opening 12 minutes before finishing with 25 assists on 33 baskets.  Blake Griffin  delivered all five of his assists in the first quarter while also contributing 21 points and 10 rebounds. 
 
 BAD MOVE:   Clippers reserve forward  Stephen Jackson  looked like he might be rounding into shape after scoring six points in Monday's victory against the visiting Spurs, but maybe he was just excited to play his former team. He looked quite the opposite in his fifth game since the Clippers signed him to a free-agent deal, missing all four of his field-goal attempts and not collecting a rebound or assist in 10 minutes of play. Efforts like that won't keep Jackson around much longer once the Clippers start getting some of their injured players back. 
 
 NOTABLE:    Griffin shot 2-for-3 from 3-point range for the first multi-3-point game of his career. .... Griffin, a 61.7-percent career free throw shooter coming in, is shooting 74 percent in the month of December. ... Jordan has 12 rebounds or more in 18 games this season, two behind league leader  Kevin Love  of the Timberwolves. ... Clippers reserve forward  Matt Barnes , who has not played in a month because of eye surgery, dressed out but did not play as coach  Doc Rivers  would like him to practice once or twice before playing in a game. 
 
 UP NEXT:   For the Clippers, Saturday vs. Denver, Sunday vs. Minnesota, Wednesday @ Golden State. For the Pelicans, Saturday @ Portland, Monday @ Sacramento, Dec. 27 vs. Denver.  
