  Notebook: Bucks 121, Cavs 84 Posted Saturday March 31, 2012 12:10AM By Brian Dulik, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Point guard  Brandon Jennings  scored 28 points and power forward  Ersan Ilyasova  added 20 as the Milwaukee Bucks buried the Cleveland Cavaliers 121-84 at Quicken Loans Arena. Small forward  Mike Dunleavy Jr.  chipped in 16 points and point guard  Beno Udrih  had 10 assists for Milwaukee, which shot 56.8 percent from the field and set a season high in points. Cavaliers point guard  Kyrie Irving  scored a game-high 29 points and went 6-for-6 on 3-pointers, but exited with a sprained right shoulder. The rookie was injured when he fell awkwardly to the floor after running into an Ilyasova pick late in the second period. QUOTABLE:  "We just shot the lights out tonight as a team. Ersan got it going at the start, and Dunleavy coming off the bench making those four threes (in the first half) was huge. Everybody seemed to chip in and find ways to score for us."   -- Bucks center  Drew Gooden THE STAT:  The 37-point defeat was the Cavaliers' second-largest ever at home, only trailing the 114-75 drubbing they absorbed against Chicago on Jan. 20. Since entering the NBA in 1970-1971, Cleveland has played 1,691 home games, but had never lost by more than 35 points until this season. Cavaliers owner  Dan Gilbert  reacted to the debacle by tweeting, "One of those nights where I can't find the words to match the emotions [at least non-profane words]. Cavs fans deserve better. Much better." Cleveland is 1-9 in its last 10 home games, making it 9-17 on the campaign and 21-46 in two years under coach  Byron Scott . TURNING POINT:  Milwaukee scored 16 straight points to start the second quarter -- all by either Jennings or Dunleavy -- to blow the game wide open at 51-26. After Cavaliers center  Tristan Thompson  made one free throw, the Bucks tacked on four more points to complete a 20-1 run that gave them a 55-27 advantage with 7:27 left in the second quarter. "We should be embarrassed with the way we've been playing at home," Scott said. "Our fans do deserve better. I agree with [Gilbert]." Milwaukee extended its lead the rest of the way, completing the scoring when power forward  Tobias Harris  made a 3-pointer with 43 seconds left. QUOTABLE II:  "It looked like we had fresh legs and played with a lot of energy. A lot of times when you have energy, you put the ball in much easier. It was like we couldn't hit the rim at times because it just went right through."   -- Bucks coach  Scott Skiles HOT:  The Bucks' margin of victory was their largest of the season and extended their winning streak over Cleveland to six games. ... Milwaukee made eight straight 3-pointers in the first half. Dunleavy had four of them, while Ilyasova and Jennings made two apiece. ... Ilyasova, who was a game-time decision because of back spasms, scored 14 points in the first quarter. He finished the contest 9-for-11 shooting with a team-high 10 rebounds. ... Cavaliers small forward  Alonzo Gee  had 19 points and eight boards. ... Irving set a team rookie record with six 3-pointers and led Cleveland with five assists. ... Thompson posted his sixth double-double with 15 points and a game-high 11 rebounds. The fourth overall pick in the NBA Draft also grabbed a career-best nine offensive boards. NOT:  The Cavaliers matched their longest losing streak of the season at six games and dropped their fifth straight at home. ... Cleveland power forward  Luke Walton , shooting guard  Manny Harris  and point guard  Donald Sloan  combined to miss all 13 of their field-goal attempts. ... The Cavaliers scored a season-low 10 points in the fourth quarter, making 5-for-20 field goal attempts. ... Cleveland center  Semih Erden  was the only player on either team to dress, but not play. It was his third straight "Did Not Play -- Coach's Decision." ... Irving committed six turnovers, matching Milwaukee's team total for the game. ... Cavaliers power forward  Antawn Jamison  scored two points in 30 minutes. ... Power forward  Jon Brockman  was the only Bucks player to be held scoreless. QUOTABLE III:  "We came out and hit a bunch of shots, and that can be really deflating to a team. We've all been there before. We play them next week in Milwaukee, and I'm sure it will be different."   -- Bucks small forward Mike Dunleavy Jr. GOOD MOVE:  With Milwaukee playing Saturday at home against Memphis, Skiles limited the court time of his key talent. Shooting guard  Monta Ellis  and Jennings were the lone Bucks to log more than 30 minutes, while everyone on their roster played at least six. "We were able to pull away and keep them at bay, which gave us a chance to get things set up for tomorrow night," Skiles said. Milwaukee's bench outscored its Cleveland counterparts 43-13 and outrebounded them 27-10. BAD MOVE:  Scott did not make a substitution in the third quarter, leaving all five of his starters on the court. That quintet outscored Milwaukee 30-28, providing the lone highlight for the Cavaliers on a night when they were repeatedly booed at home. "I just figured, we're in this mess together and you guys helped create it," Scott said. "So let's see if we can get this lead down if we can, and you can rest the fourth quarter." Cleveland still trailed 99-74 heading into the fourth. NOTABLE:  Irving separated his right shoulder during his sophomore season in high school, but said the pain from his current injury wasn't nearly as bad. The No. 1 overall draft pick traveled with the Cavaliers to New York, where he will be re-evaluated in the morning, but is not expected to play Saturday against the Knicks. "I'll take a lot of Advil and anti-inflammatories, and get some treatment on it, and we'll go from there," said Irving, who did not have X-rays taken before boarding the team plane. ... Scott put Irving's injury in perspective, saying, "I don't know how it can get much worse for us, but yeah, if he goes down, obviously that makes it that much worse." ... Shooting guard  Lester Hudson  made his Cleveland debut and scored two points, just hours after being signed to a 10-day contract. He had been playing with the NBA D-League's Austin Toros. ... Former Cavaliers power forward Gooden remains popular on the North Coast, receiving multiple "Drew" chants throughout the game. UP NEXT:  For the Bucks, Saturday vs. Memphis, Monday @ Washington, Wednesday vs. Cleveland. For the Cavaliers, Saturday @ New York, Tuesday vs. San Antonio, Wednesday @ Milwaukee.  