Notebook: Heat 110, Pistons 88 
 
 
 Zachary Paul, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Jan 25, 2013 10:57 PM - Updated Fri Jan 25, 2013 10:57 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:  The Miami Heat defeated the Detroit Pistons 110-88 Friday at AmericanAirlines Arena.  
 Guard  Dwyane Wade  led the way with 29 points while  LeBron James  added 23 points, seven rebounds and seven assists. Forward  Chris Bosh  finished with 14 points and seven rebounds.  
 The Heat trailed by nine in the second quarter before taking control behind Wade and James. The Heat shot 65 percent from the field in the decisive quarter, outscoring the Pistons 30-20. It was the Miami's third straight victory and it improved to 18-3 at home.  
 The Heat now leave for a four-game road trip that begins Sunday at Boston, the first time  Ray Allen  faces his former team at TD Bank Garden  
 
 Greg Monroe  led the Pistons with 31 points.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "He had a very productive week as well. He's really been working ... The practice days we had earlier in the week , we had an 11 o'clock practice on Tuesday and he was in her by 8:45. It surprised me."  --  Heat coach  Erik Spoelstra  on Wade's work ethic this week. He averaged 32 points in two wins.  
 
 
 THE STAT:  Wade and James shot 11 of 13 and combined for 26 points in the decisive second quarter. They alone outscored the Pistons in the quarter. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Trailing 43-34, the Heat went on a 26-4 run midway through the second quarter.    
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "When they score 60 (points) in the first half, it is going to be hard for us to maintain that type of shooting. We just gave up so many easy baskets and too many opportunities in the paint." --  Pistons coach  Lawrence Frank .  
 
 
 HOT:  Wade continues to light it up from the field. This was his third consecutive strong game, showing signs that he's finally healthy. He scored 23 points in the first half.  
 
 NOT:  The Pistons defense in the second quarter was almost non-existent. The Heat scored 30 points while shooting 13 of 20 from field. Several of the baskets came on easy layups and dunks.  
 
 GOOD MOVE:  The Heat once again proved they turn it on when they want. After yet another sluggish start, they got things going in the second quarter. For a quarter, it looked like the Pistons were headed toward another upset but reality quickly set in once Wade and James got going. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  The Pistons were in trouble once it was evident they were unable to stop any of the Big Three. Wade, James and Bosh all had big games, which usually means a loss for the opposition.  
 
 NOTABLE:  Fan  Michael Drysch , of McHenry, Ill., won $75,000 after making a halfcourt shot before the start of the fourth quarter... Heat forward  Chris Andersen  made his debut, playing the final three minutes after the outcome was already decided.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Sunday @ Celtics, Wednesday @ Nets, Friday @ Pacers. For the Pistons, Sunday @ Magic, Tuesday vs. Bucks, Wednesday @ Pacers.  
