  Pistons-Bucks notebook   By Rick Braun, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday March 1, 2011 11:45PM THE FACTS: Brandon Jennings  went high to block a potential go-ahead 3-pointer with 16 seconds left, then clinched the game with two free throws with 5.9 seconds left to cap a 21-point performance and lead the Milwaukee Bucks to a 92-90 victory over the Detroit Pistons on Tuesday night at the Bradley Center. QUOTABLE:  "Actually, I was hustling for the rebound and  (Rodney) Stuckey  got it and threw it to  Will Bynum  in the corner. My first instinct was he was going to pump-fake, so I didn't want to run into him and give him three shots. But he went up for it and I had to make a big block."   -- Jennings on his block of Bynum's potential go-ahead 3-pointer THE STAT:  With their four best rebounders --  Andrew Bogut ,  Drew Gooden ,  Ersan Ilyasova  and  Luc Richard Mbah a Moute  -- sidelined by injury or illness, the Bucks got 10 boards from  Carlos Delfino , nine from newly signed  Earl Barron  and eight each from  Larry Sanders  and  Jon Brockman  to win the battle of the boards, 50-46. TURNING POINT:  After Jennings' block of Bynum's 3-pointer, the Pistons had one more chance down 90-88. But  Austin Daye 's 3-pointer bounced off, and Jennings claimed the rebound with 6.9 seconds left and was fouled. Because the Bucks were not in the bonus, they had to inbound one more time, and after Jennings was fouled with 5.9 seconds left, he calmly dropped in both free throws to clinch the victory. QUOTABLE II:  "At this point we really had nothing to lose. Just go out there and play hard -- still within the offense -- but we tried to just play hard and see what happens. We had nothing to lose, so you might as well go out there and play hard and compete. Try to have fun and see what happens."   -- Bucks guard  John Salmons HOT:  Bucks forward Jon Brockman made his first three shots to spark the Bucks' first quarter offense and finished 4-for-6. On a night where the Bucks shot 42.2 percent and the Pistons 40.4 percent, that qualifies as hot. NOT:  Detroit's  Rip Hamilton , playing for the first time since Feb. 5, went 4-for-17. INSIDE THE ARENA:  The announced crowd of 11,364 was the Bucks' smallest of the season. ROOKIE WATCH:  Bucks forward Larry Sanders started because of injuries and blocked two Hamilton shots in the final two minutes of the first quarter. Sanders finished with eight rebounds, three blocks and two points in 30 minutes. ... Detroit center  Greg Monroe  had 13 points and nine rebounds in 37 minutes. NOTABLE:  The Bucks signed center  Earl Barron  to a 10-day contract Tuesday, and with Andrew Bogut (intercostal strain), Ersan Ilysasova (concussion) and Luc Richard Mbah a Moute (flu) out, Barron was the first player off the Milwaukee bench, entering with 3:55 left in the first quarter. Barron finished with nine rebounds, four points and a blocked shot in 16 minutes. ... The Bucks have not held the opposition under 100 points 44 times, tied for most in the league. ... Neither team ever had a double-digit lead. ... Despite missing Bogut, the league's top shot blocker, the Bucks blocked eight shots. UP NEXT:  For the Pistons, Wednesday vs. Minnesota, Sunday vs. Washington, Wednesday @ San Antonio. For the Bucks, Friday vs. Phoenix, Sunday vs. Boston, Tuesday @ Washington.  