  Notebook: Thunder 97, Celtics 88   By Brian Robb, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday January 17, 2012 12:22AM THE FACTS: Russell Westbrook  hit two crucial 3-pointers in the closing moments, enabling the Oklahoma City Thunder to hold off a late rally by the Boston Celtics for a 97-88 victory in  Kendrick Perkins'  return to Boston.  Kevin Durant  had a game-high 28 points for the visiting Thunder, while Westbrook chipped in with 27. Perkins had seven points and five rebounds in the emotional homecoming to the TD Garden, where he played the first eight years of his career as a Celtic, before being dealt away by the team last February. Paul Pierce  carried the hosts with 24 points in the defeat. With the win, Oklahoma City has now won seven straight games overall and have the best record in the league at 12-2. Meanwhile, Boston has lost five straight games, four of which have come at home. Both of those streaks are firsts for Boston since  Kevin Garnett  and  Ray Allen  joined the team in 2007. QUOTABLE:  "It was obviously a big win for us, knowing that Boston was the heart of a champion. They play very physical. We knew going into the game it was going to be a bumping, grinding it out type of game. I'm very proud of our guys. They really competed and they fought."  --  Head coach  Scott Brooks THE STAT:  The Celtics once again dug themselves an early hole, spotting Oklahoma City an eight-point lead after posting just 17 points in the opening 12 minutes. That kind of sluggish start has been the rule rather than the exception during the team's lengthy losing streak, as Boston is averaging a paltry 16.8 points in the first quarter over the past six games. TURNING POINT:  After Boston closed within two points with under five minutes remaining in the game, Oklahoma City's offense exploded. Durant, Westbrook and  Thabo Sefolosha  combined to hit 5-of-6 3-pointers over the remainder of the contest, and four of those makes came on consecutive possessions. The outburst enabled the Thunder to keep the Celtics from closing the gap down the stretch. QUOTABLE II:  "I really liked the effort we had tonight, the way we played it on the glass, the way we competed. I was telling the guys we need to keep playing like that night in and night out, because we can feel we are getting closer to where we need to be even though we lost tonight."  --  Pierce. HOT:  Sefolosha- The defensive stopper made the most of his open opportunities late in the contest, as Boston frequently doubled Durant, leaving Sefolosha with numerous uncontested looks from the outside. The swingman hit all four of his attempts in the final frame, including both from downtown to finish with a team-high 11 points in the fourth quarter. He finished with 19 points overall on 7-of-9 shooting. NOT:  Garnett -- The 34-year-old All-Star posted another double-double of 10 points and 12 rebounds, but the points came inefficiently for Garnett. The power forward struggled, missing several point-blank shot attempts on his way to hitting just five of his 19 shots on the evening. Garnett also had a team-high five turnovers. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT: Rajon Rondo  -- The C's stud point guard flirted with a triple-double yet again in an entertaining battle with Westbrook. Rondo finished with 12 points, 9 rebounds and 9 assists over 40 minutes of action and has continued to establish himself as Boston's best player through the young season. INSIDE THE ARENA: Devin McCourty  and  Julian Edelman  of the New England Patriots took a little time off from their playoff preparation to watch the contest from courtside at TD Garden. GOOD MOVE:  In a classy gesture, the Celtics presented a video tribute to Perkins during the first timeout of the game. The emotional montage triggered a lengthy standing ovation for Perkins from the Garden faithful. The Thunder center acknowledged the cheers by repeatedly waving to the crowd as he took the floor after the timeout. QUOTABLE III:  "I have much love and greatly appreciate everything man. I love Oklahoma, but just being here for eight years and winning a championship. It's hard to replace. From what I learned and it's still got a special place in my heart here."  -- Perkins on his ties to the Boston Celtics. ROOKIE WATCH:  Boston guard  E'Twaun Moore  continues to see regular minutes off the bench with  Keyon Dooling  sidelined. The former Purdue star and second round pick of Boston was aggressive for the C's, but struggled with his shot, missing all four of his attempts over eight minutes of action. NOTABLE:  Dooling (knee) and  Chris Wilcox  (calf) sat out the game for the Celtics. Both hope to return to action later this week. Opponents are averaging a 6.4-point lead over Boston at the end of the first quarter during their current five-game losing streak. The Celtics had their best rebounding performance of the season, grabbing 48 boards (15 offensive), compared to just 40 for the Thunder. The Thunder hit 18-of-19 free throws. Former Boston College star  Reggie Jackson  did not score in eight minutes off the bench during his return to the area. Boston had 11 of their 18 turnovers in the second half. Oklahoma City scored 24 points off those 18 turnovers. UP NEXT:  For the Thunder, Wednesday @ Washington, Saturday @ New Jersey, Monday vs. Detroit. For the Celtics, Wednesday vs. Toronto, Friday vs. Phoenix, Sunday @ Washington.  