Notebook: Grizzlies 86, Jazz 70 
 
 
 Marlon W. Morgan, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Apr 17, 2013 11:51 PM - Updated Fri Apr 19, 2013 11:19 AM 
 
 THE FACTS:  The Memphis Grizzlies capped their record-setting season with an 86-70 win over the Utah Jazz Wednesday night at FedExForum, giving them an improbable 56 wins. Afterwards, they awaited the outcome of the Los Angeles Clippers-Sacramento game to see whether or not they would have home court advantage in their first round playoff series against the Clippers. The Grizzlies need a Clippers loss to clinch home court. Meanwhile, the Jazz were eliminated from playoff contention with the loss.  
 
 QUOTABLE : "They've been a pain in our butts, but we've just got to go out there and worry about us, play hard, value every possession, play in and out basketball and stick to the things that got us to this point."  --  Memphis guard  Tony Allen  on their upcoming playoff series against the Clippers. 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Grizzlies' 56 wins set a franchise record, eclipsing the previous mark of 50. Along the way, the Grizzlies also set new team records for home win (32) and road wins (24), as well as winning percentage (.683). 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Down by 20 early in the fourth quarter, the Jazz made a run that had them trailing by 10 with a chance to cut into that. But after  Mo Williams  misfired on a 3-pointer, the Grizzlies answered with a 3 by  Jerryd Bayless  that ended the Jazz run with 3:55 to go. 
 
 HOT: Zach Randolph  finally returned to the form that got him named to the All-Star team earlier this season. After struggling for most of the second half of the season, Randolph appeared to be in playoff form as he score 25 points and hauled in 19 rebounds for his 45th double-double this season. 
 
 NOT:  The game may have had a different outcome had the Jazz not taken advantage of their ability to get to the free throw. The Jazz misfired on nine free throws as they shot just 65.4 percent. 
 
 QUOTABLE II : "We are disappointed, of course, because we lost the game and didn't get a chance to make the postseason. But overall, the whole season, I think everybody should keep their heads up because we should be proud of ourselves. Many times this season we had the chance to tuck it in and give up, but we kept fighting to put ourselves in the position to get into the playoffs."  --  Utah center  Al Jefferson . 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  Wednesday night's crowd of 16,777 at FedExForum gave the Grizzlies a season average of 16,625 with a total attendance figure of 681,612. That is the second-highest total attendance figure in team history and the best since their first season at FedExForum (2004-05). ... The Grizzlies showed why they lead the league in fewest points allowed, holding to Utah to 70 points on .321 shooting. ... The lone Utah player to reach double figures was center Jefferson. He had team highs of 22 points and 16 rebounds. ... The Grizzlies won the season series (3-1) against Utah for the first time since the 1005-06 season. ... The Grizzlies got a scare when Randolph came up limping after a rebound midway through the first quarter. But he played through it, eventually shaking it off. ... The Grizzlies can now turn their attention to the Clippers, who have had their number. Last season, they beat the Grizzlies in a seven-game first round series, that including coming back from being down by 27 points in the second half of Game 1 in Memphis. The Clippers also won the season series this year, 3-1, including last Saturday's 91-87 win at FedExForum. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Grizzlies, Saturday vs. the Los Angeles Clippers. Time and place has not been determined yet. 
