  Heat-Clippers Notebook   By Shandel Richardson, for NBA.com Posted Sunday February 6, 2011 4:48PM THE FACTS:  The Miami Heat defeated the Los Angeles Clippers Sunday at AmericanAirlines Arena. Guard  Dwyane Wade  scored a game-high 28 points while forward  Chris Bosh  added 16 points and seven rebounds. The Heat won for the sixth straight time despite a season-low 12 points from  LeBron James . After a slow start, Miami led by double-digits most of the second half.  The Clippers, led by  Blake Griffin's  21 points, shot just 32 percent from the field. QUOTABLE:  ""Finally in the second half, we got it going. We put together a little bit more of a complete half. We're still searching for that complete game. We came out with incredible energy on both ends of the court. We were active as we probably can be. Guys were ready in terms of their energy and their motor."  -Heat coach  Erik Spoelstra THE STAT : 33 points of the bench. The Heat have often been criticized for lacking depth, but the reserves came up big with Bosh and James struggling. TURNING POINT : With the Clippers trying to make a game of it, the Heat started the fourth quarter with nine straight points. By then, the Heat players could begin preparing for their Super Bowl party plans. QUOTABLE II:  "No one shot the ball very well for us. We just couldn't put enough offensive pressure on them at all. I like the way we came out in the third quarter. We had a very strong third. We just didn't shoot a high percentage."  - said Clippers coach  Vinny Del Negro , whose team shot just 32 percent. HOT:   Eddie House  scored 15 points off the bench. After working his way back into the rotation, House has been arguably the Heat's most consistent player during this six-game winning streak. House shot 6 of 11 from the field against the Clippers, making three 3-pointers. NOT:   Al-Farouq Aminu  went 0 for 7 from the field, missing all five 3-point attempts. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Wade nearly recorded his second straight triple-double, grabbing eight rebounds and handing out eight assists. GOOD MOVE:  Spoelstra has tweaked the rotations on several occasions, but getting House back in the lineup has been golden of late. House's presence on the court makes it difficult for opponents to key in on Wade, Bosh and James. He has kept defenses honest the past six games. BAD MOVE:  The Clippers didn't show up to start the fourth quarter. The Heat were in the midst of another their lulls during games, but Los Angeles failed to capitalize. A better start in that quarter could've made things interesting down the stretch. NOTABLE:  Heat forward  Udonis Haslem  expects the walking boot protecting his surgically repaired left foot to be removed Tuesday. He then expects to begin rehabilitation. Haslem last played Nov. 20. UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Tuesday vs. Indiana, Friday @ Detroit, Sunday @ Boston. For the Clippers, Tuesday @ Orlando, Wednesday @ New York, Friday @ Cleveland.  