  Notebook: Suns 113, Pacers 111 Posted Friday March 23, 2012 11:30PM By Conrad Brunner, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Frequently the smallest player on the floor, usually one of the oldest,  Steve Nash  also reminded the Indiana Pacers he also is one of the best. The Phoenix point guard simply took over the game in the second half, scoring all 12 of his points and producing 10 of his 17 assists to carry the Suns to a 113-111 road victory over the Pacers Friday at Bankers Life Fieldhouse.  Danny Granger  scored 28 for Indiana, including seven in the final 22 seconds as the home team trimmed a five-point deficit to one but Nash either scored or assisted on the Suns' final 10 points, including a pair of free throws that made it 113-110 with 10 seconds left.  Marcin Gortat  scored 23 and  Grant Hill  22 for the Suns (24-24), who snapped a two-game losing streak.  Roy Hibbert  had 19 points for the Pacers (27-19), who ended a two-game win streak. QUOTABLE:  "I thought we were a lot grittier and played with more energy and came up with more loose balls (in the second half). A huge win for us. We got some good feelings back. We got some confidence back."   - Nash THE STAT:  Phoenix has gone 10-4 since the All-Star break, the second-best record in the league (to Chicago). TURNING POINT:  Indiana scored the final nine points of the second quarter to take a 61-54 lead into the break but the Suns seized momentum behind Nash in the third quarter, closing with an 18-7 run to take an 86-79 lead into the fourth. Indiana threatened but never could wrest the lead from the visitors. QUOTABLE II:  "We didn't do a good enough job getting the ball out of Nash's hands tonight. He just controlled the whole game. He controlled us defensively and was able to make play after play for those guys with the ball in his hands."    - Indiana's  David West HOT:  Gortat shot 8-of-13 and Hill 9-of-16 for the Suns, who hit 49 percent. Granger was 9-of-13 overall, 4-of-4 from the arc and 6-of-6 from the line for the Pacers, while Hibbert shot 7 of 12. NOT:  Former Phoenix sixth man  Leandro Barbosa  shot 2-of-10 for the Pacers. QUOTABLE III:  "To come in and be able to win in this arena is just a great win for us. They have a lot of great young players, Paul George and Granger. I told someone today that I'm amazed as to where Roy Hibbert has come. Where he started and where he is now ... I don't know if I've ever seen that much improvement in one, two or even three years in the league."    - Suns Coach  Alvin Gentry GOOD MOVE:  George nearly sent the game to overtime with a brilliant play at the buzzer. After making one the first of two free throws with 1.7 seconds left, he intentionally missed the second, and then chased down the offensive rebound. He quickly flipped the ball toward the rim as time expired but it fell short. BAD MOVE:  Indiana Coach  Frank Vogel  was upset with the officiating much of the night but lost control in the fourth quarter, picking up a technical with 5:11 remaining, and then another with 1:56 to go to draw an ejection. Phoenix's two free throws as a result of those technicals equaled the final margin. NOTABLE:  Indiana's  Dahntay Jones  picked up his fourth technical foul of the season protesting a call in the second quarter. Nash also picked up a second-quarter tech. ...  Kyrylo Fesenko , the 7-1, 280-pound center from Ukraine signed just prior to the game, was not in uniform. He is not expected to play Saturday in Milwaukee. Coach  Frank Vogel  said before the game he did not expect Fesenko to supplant anyone currently in the rotation but that he would provide depth and a matchup option against bigger, stronger centers. ... Fesenko fills the roster void created by  Jeff Foster's  retirement earlier this week. ... The  Oak Ridge Boys  of country music fame sang the national anthem. UP NEXT:  For the Pacers, Saturday @ Milwaukee, Monday vs. Miami, Wednesday @ New Jersey. For the Suns, Sunday @ Cleveland, Tuesday vs. San Antonio, Wednesday @ L.A. Clippers.  