Notebook: Warriors 102, Nets 93 
 
 
 Eric Gilmore, For NBA.com 
 
Posted Thu Nov 22, 2012 2:08 AM - Updated Thu Nov 22, 2012 2:08 AM 
 
 THE FACTS:  Guards  Stephen Curry  and  Klay Thompson  combined to score 48 points, leading the Golden State Warriors to a 102-93 victory Wednesday night over the Brooklyn Nets at Oracle Arena. 
 Curry poured in 25 points on 7-for-13 shooting, while Thompson busted out of his shooting slump for 23 points, tying his season high while hitting 10-for-19 from the field. 
 
 David Lee  had his fifth straight double-double with 20 points and 13 rebounds for the Warriors, who won their second straight game and improved to 7-5.  Carl Landry  came off the bench to score 11 points. 
 Center  Brook Lopez  led the Nets with 22 points, and guard  Joe Johnson  scored 13. Forward  Andray Blatche  came off the bench to score 11 points and grab a team-high seven rebounds for the Nets (6-4), who played the second game of a back-to-back after losing Tuesday night to the Lakers.  Kris Humphries  added 10 points and six rebounds. 
 The Nets, with Lopez and Humphries dominating inside, owned a 30-18 lead at the end of the first quarter -- but the Warriors heated up in the second and trailed just 46-41 at halftime. 
 Golden State grabbed its first lead of the night with under three minutes left in the third when Landry scored from inside, putting the Warriors ahead 65-63. The Warriors never trailed again. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I feel like I got my game back. It felt great."  
 -- Klay Thompson on regaining his shooting touch 
 
 THE STAT:  The Warriors outrebounded Brooklyn 43-35 and improved to 7-0 when winning the battle of the boards. They're 0-5 when they get outrebounded. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Trailing 63-60 with under four minutes left in the third quarter, the Warriors went on a 14-3 run and took a 74-66 lead into the fourth. Thompson started the run with a 3-point basket, and Curry ended it with a four-point play -- drilling a long 3, drawing a foul and sinking his free throw. Thompson had eight points during the spurt. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "When we saw that lead we got a little greedy and started thinking we could do it by ourselves. I played like crap. A lot of what happened out there was my fault. I have to play better." 
 -- Nets guard  Deron Williams  on his team blowing a big first-quarter lead 
 
 HOT:   Thompson, who went 2-for-14 Monday night against Dallas and shot 29.2 percent over his previous six games, got back on track in a big way. He shot 10-for-19 from the field and 3-of-6 from long range. 
 
 NOT:   The Nets' Williams had a rough shooting night, going 4-for-12 from the field and 0-for-5 from 3-point range. He finished with just nine points. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  After getting overpowered and falling behind 30-18 in the first quarter, the Warriors switched up on defense and hit the Nets with a zone for much of the second. The change worked for Golden State. They cut the Nets' lead to 45-41 late in the period and trailed just 46-41 at the half. 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Curry is heating up. One game after scoring 31 in an OT win at Dallas, he poured in 25 more against the Nets. In his past three games, he's averaging 26 points. Lopez is red-hot, too. He's averaging 22.3 points over his past four games. 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  Warriors swingman  Brandon Rush  attended his first game since suffering a season-ending knee injury Nov. 2 versus Memphis and received a standing ovation from the home fans. Before the game, Rush said he has yet to have surgery on his torn left ACL because he also tore his MCL and is waiting for that to heal on its own before undergoing surgery. Rush said he expects to have ACL surgery in December and be ready for the start of training camp next season 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Warriors small forward  Harrison Barnes  scored nine points -- all in the first half -- and grabbed five rebounds. Warriors center  Festus Ezeli  scored six points and grabbed five rebounds, and forward  Draymond Green  had four rebounds and three points. 
 NOTABLE: Nets starting forward  Gerald Wallace , who missed seven of the first eight games with a sprained left ankle, got the night off for precautionary reasons after playing Tuesday night against the Lakers.  Keith Bogans  started in his place. ... Curry's streak of made free throws ended at 32 late in the second quarter when he made the first two but missed on his third free throw after being fouled on a 3-point shot. ... Warriors forward  Richard Jefferson , who had an MRI on his right calf Wednesday, missed his second straight game. ... Warriors guard  Jarrett Jack  had a season-high nine assists. ... The Warriors overcame a halftime deficit to win for the first time this season. They were 0-5 before Wednesday. 
 
 UP NEXT : For the Nets, Friday vs. L.A. Clippers, Sunday vs. Portland, Monday vs. New York. For the Warriors, Friday @ Denver, Saturday vs. Minnesota, Thursday vs. Denver. 
