  Notebook: Rockets 109, Warriors 83 Posted Thursday March 22, 2012 11:34PM By Matt Miller, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Behind a balanced yet dominant performance from their starting five, the Houston Rockets easily dismantled the Golden State Warriors. Rookie  Chandler Parsons  (20 points, 11 rebounds) logged his first career 20-point, 10-rebound game,  Luis Scola  added 18 points and a career-high-tying seven assists and  Samuel Dalembert  scored 15 points to go with 10 boards as the Rockets cruised to their fourth victory in six games, a 109-83 blowout of the Warriors on Thursday at Toyota Center. Richard Jefferson  led Golden State with 14 points on 6-for-10 shooting, while  David Lee  finished with 12 points and five rebounds. The Warriors (19-26), who have lost five of their last six games, were outscored in the paint 58-38, outrebounded 48-31 and attempted 17 fewer free throws than the Rockets. With the victory, Houston (26-22) will at worst remain 1/2 game ahead of the Utah Jazz for eighth place in the Western Conference. QUOTABLE:  "We're playing so unselfishly, and it's so much fun out there. Every night we could have a different leading scorer. We have such a balanced attack, and I think it's really hard to guard when we're clicking on all cylinders like we were tonight."  --  Parsons. THE STAT:  Four of the Rockets' five starters scored in double figures and two recorded a double-double as Houston's starting lineup flexed its muscles. The Rockets' starters outscored Golden State's starters 77-41, outrebounded them 30-14 and finished with 14 more assists (22-8). TURNING POINT:  The hot-shooting Rockets led Golden State by only three, 48-45, with 2:47 remaining before halftime. But Houston re-asserted itself on the boards while closing the second quarter on an 8-2 spurt and beginning the second half on a 10-0 run that stretched its advantage to 66-47 with 8:59 in the third period. The Warriors never threatened again. QUOTABLE II:  "These guys [the Rockets] are energy guys, and every game they leave it out on the floor. We struggle against those types of players, and it was pretty evident with the way we played tonight."  --  Jefferson. HOT:  Scola shredded Golden State's defenders, nailing 8-of-10 field goal attempts to go with seven assists. The 6-foot-9 forward from Argentina has not only served as a great source of scoring for Houston, but also a worthy facilitator over the last three games. Scola has poured in 19.7 points per game, dished out 3.7 assists per game and shot 66.7 percent (24-for-36) overall during this stretch. NOT:  Warriors rookie guard Klay Thompson, who entered Thursday's game averaging 20.0 points over his previous six contests, finished with only 10 points on 4-for-11 shooting in nearly 28 minutes on the floor. Thompson has shot 39.5 percent (34-for-86) from the field and committed an average of 1.8 turnovers in Golden State's last five games. QUOTABLE III:  "From the opening tip, [Thompson] did not play well. With rookies, you're going to get that, but I'm not going to accept it. Neither should he."  --  Warriors head coach  Mark Jackson . GOOD MOVE:  With the race for the final playoff spots in the Western Conference heating up, Houston came out focused and jumped all over the defensively challenged Warriors. The Rockets pushed the tempo and used crisp ball movement to net 30 points in the first 10 minutes of the opening quarter, 22 of which came in the paint. BAD MOVE:  Golden State guard Nate Robinson earned a flagrant foul penalty 1 early in the third quarter when he wrestled Houston guard  Goran Dragic  (17 points, nine assists, three steals) to the court as Dragic was streaking toward the rim for a fast-break layup after a steal. Although Robinson should be given credit for hustling back to prevent an easy basket -- even though Golden State was trailing by 16 at the time -- the way he fouled Dragic could have led to a serious injury for either player. NOTABLE:  Rockets guard  Kevin Martin  (strained right shoulder) sat out for the sixth consecutive game. No timetable has been set for Martin's return, although he remains listed as day-to-day. ... Warriors center  Andris Biedrins  (strained right groin) missed his second game in a row. ... Guard  Stephen Curry  is still sidelined by a right ankle sprain. ... At halftime, the Rockets honored their team of the decade for the 1990s, which included  Hakeem Olajuwon, Clyde Drexler, Kenny Smith, Robert Horry  and  Mario Elie . All but Smith were in attendance. ... Houston has won seven consecutive meetings with the Warriors at Toyota Center by an average of 16.7 points. ... The Rockets improved to 15-0 this season when they limit their opponent to less than 90 points. ... Houston is now 14-4 when it scores at least 100 points. ... The Rockets have outrebounded each of their last three opponents after being outrebounded in 13 of their previous 15 games. ... Dragic has scored at least 10 points in a career-high 10 consecutive games. ... Golden State fell to 5-18 when it hands out fewer assists than its opponent. ... Warriors reserve guard  Charles Jenkins  distributed a career-best six assists. ... Center  Mickell Gladness , who Golden State signed to a 10-day contract Thursday, finished with two blocks and two rebounds in nearly 10 minutes of action. UP NEXT:  For the Warriors, Saturday vs. Sacramento (NBA TV), Sunday @ Portland, Tuesday vs. L.A. Lakers. For the Rockets, Saturday vs. Dallas (NBA TV), Monday vs. Sacramento, Tuesday @ Dallas.  