
 Bobcats-Rockets notebook   By Matt Miller, for NBA.com Posted Thursday March 17, 2011 12:09AM THE FACTS:  The Houston Rockets beat the Charlotte Bobcats at their own game.  Kevin Martin  scored 21 points, grabbed five rebounds and collected two steals, as the run-and-gun Rockets won a bogged-down defensive battle over Charlotte, 94-78, on Wednesday at Toyota Center.  Chase Budinger  added 19 points and five assists for Houston (35-34), which has won four of its last five home games and rose above .500 for only the second time this season. D.J. Augustin  led the Bobcats with 22 points, five rebounds and four assists.  Boris Diaw  poured in 13 points and three assists for Charlotte (28-39), which is 1/2 game behind the Indiana Pacers for eighth place in the Eastern Conference and two games ahead of the Milwaukee Bucks for 10th. QUOTABLE:  "We continued to fight and execute our plays throughout the whole 48 minutes. Our mindset is to come out and throw the first punch, so once you do that and you get them down, you continue to do it."   -- Rockets guard  Courtney Lee  on Houston never trailing in either of its last two games THE STAT:  The Bobcats have struggled to finish defensive possessions with rebounds in the last two games, as they have been outrebounded 31-14 on the offensive glass in this stretch. Charlotte's last two opponents have scored 17 more second-chance points (34-17) than the Bobcats. TURNING POINT:  Augustin single-handedly kept his team close in the first half, but his dominance disappeared in the second half. As a result the Bobcats' offense fell apart, with Charlotte missing its first 10 shots of the third quarter. Houston jump-started its transition game off the Bobcats' offensive stagnation, leading to easy offense that helped the Rockets stretch a 10-point halftime lead to a 63-45 advantage with 4:58 left in the third. QUOTABLE II:  "Our defense is there, and our offense is clicking at times. But if we could put them both together, that would be too much of a perfect game."   -- Rockets forward  Chuck Hayes , who matched season highs in rebounds (17) and assists (seven) HOT:  In the first half Houston had no answer for Augustin, who shredded the Rockets' defense for 17 of Charlotte's 39 points on 7-for-12 shooting. The Bobcats' starting point guard has averaged 22.5 points on 50 percent shooting and 3.5 assists over the last two games. NOT:  Aside from a stellar performance against Portland, Charlotte's  Stephen Jackson  has not looked like his usual self since returning from a sore left hamstring. Including Wednesday's 2-for-14 effort, Jackson has shot 17-for-53 (32.1 percent) from the field over the last three games. Jackson, however, insisted that his hamstring is not the cause of his poor play. QUOTABLE III:  "My body felt fine. It was just one of those nights. .. It wasn't anything [the Rockets] did with their defense."   -- Jackson FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:   Kyle Lowry  delivered a stat-stuffing outing for his fantasy owners, finishing with 11 points, nine rebounds and six assists. Despite his poor shooting of late, Lowry's ability to rack up rebounds and dimes makes him a solid fill-in option at the point-guard position if an owner's top point is unavailable. BAD MOVE:  The Bobcats trailed by nine about a minute into the fourth quarter when two of their players,  Shaun Livingston  and  Tyrus Thomas , picked up technical fouls for complaining to the officials. The techs not only gave Houston two free points, but also squashed any momentum Charlotte possessed at that moment. ROOKIE WATCH:  Houston forward  Patrick Patterson  played with tons of activity around the basket, finishing with a career-high-tying 10 rebounds to go with his 12 points. In his second career start, Patterson racked up his second career double-double. NOTABLE:  Houston coach  Rick Adelman  (937 career wins) needs one win to tie  Red Auerbach  for ninth all-time in NBA regular-season coaching victories. ... The Rockets played without leading rebounder  Luis Scola  for the fourth consecutive game. He is still listed as day-to-day, although no timetable has been set for his return. ... Bobcats coach  Paul Silas  said he expects center  Joel Przybilla  to miss the remainder of Charlotte's three-game road trip. ... Jackson received stitches for a cut over his right eye but played 35-plus minutes. ... Houston has won 15 consecutive games when it limits its opponent to less than 100 points, which stands as the longest active streak in the NBA. ... Charlotte's 78 points set a season low for points allowed by Houston. ... The Bobcats have dropped six straight games against the Rockets in Houston. ... Charlotte fell to 2-20 on the road when trailing after the first quarter. ... The Rockets improved to 7-2 when they grab at least 50 rebounds. UP NEXT:  For the Bobcats, Friday @ Oklahoma City, Saturday @ San Antonio, Wednesday vs. Indiana. For the Rockets, Friday vs. Boston, Sunday vs. Utah, Wednesday vs. Golden State. 
