
 Wizards-Sixers notebook   By Andy Jasner, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday January 5, 2011 11:06PM THE FACTS: Lou Williams  scored 26 points off the bench,  Jrue Holiday  scored 26 and added nine assists, and the Philadelphia 76ers returned from an eight-game road trip with a 109-97 victory over the Washington Wizards on Wednesday. The Wizards fell to 0-17 on the road, remaining the lone winless road team in the league.  Elton Brand  contributed 17 points for the Sixers, who broke open a close game in the fourth quarter to snap a five-game losing streak against the Wizards. Washington was victorious in both previous meetings this season. Five Wizards placed in double figures led by  Nick Young  with 21. But the Sixers' bench was too much, as it outscored Washington 47-19. The Sixers also shot a season-high 57 percent from the field. QUOTABLE:  "We got off to a slow start, but we weren't about to let it slip away. We lost two tough games to these guys already. We were determined to get this one."   -- Williams, on the victory THE STAT:  The aggressive Sixers got to the free throw line 38 times compared to only 18 for Washington. TURNING POINT:  Leading 88-87, the Sixers went on an 11-4 run to put the game away. A 3-pointer by Williams gave the Sixers an eight-point advantage with 2:36 left. HOT:  Holiday was 10-for-14 from the field and hit shots from a number of difficult angles. NOT: JaVale McGee  had just four points on 2-for-6 shooting for the Wizards. QUOTABLE II:  "I was just being aggressive. I was trying to get into the paint, which was one of the biggest things against this team."   -- Holiday, on his performance FANTASY SPOTLIGHT: Rashard Lewis  can sure put up numbers. The Wizards forward finished with 18 points and 10 rebounds. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Fresh off an eight-game road trip, there was a noticeable lack of energy inside the Wells Fargo Center. There were pockets of empty seats throughout the arena, even in the lower bowl. GOOD MOVE:  Sixers coach  Doug Collins  has a lot of trust in  Andres Nocioni , especially in the fourth quarter. Nocioni's tenacious defense gave the Sixers a boost and led to some easy baskets. Nocioni also grabbed 10 rebounds. BAD MOVE:  The Wizards didn't force the ball out of Holiday's hands enough. The ever-improving Sixers point guard really hurt Washington with his ability to penetrate and score. ROOKIE WATCH:  Washington guard  John Wall  scored 18 points and dished 14 assists. It wasn't his best effort of the season, but it was more than enough to keep the Wizards in the game.  Evan Turner  grabbed four rebounds and scored two points in 27 minutes for the Sixers. It was a rather uneventful performance for the No. 2 overall pick from Ohio State. NOTABLE:  Sixers swingman  Andre Iguodala  (right Achilles') continues to recuperate. He's also expected to miss Friday's game against the Chicago Bulls. UP NEXT:  For the Wizards, Friday vs. New Jersey, Saturday @ Charlotte, Tuesday vs. Sacramento. For the Sixers, Friday vs. Chicago, Saturday @ Detroit, Tuesday vs. Indiana. 
