  Notebook: Pacers 103, Raptors 98 Posted Monday April 9, 2012 10:37PM By Conrad Brunner, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  What looked like an easy night turned into anything but for the Indiana Pacers, who watched a 15-point fourth-quarter lead dwindle to two before holding on for a 103-98 victory over the visiting Toronto Raptors Monday at Bankers Life Fieldhouse. Ex-Raptor  Leandro Barbosa  and fill-in starter  George Hill  each had big 3-pointers in the final minutes as the Pacers swept the season series for the first time since 2003-04. Hill started for the first time this season as point guard  Darren Collison  was out with a strained groin and scored 18 points with seven rebounds and four assists for Indiana (35-22).  Danny Granger  fell short of 20 points for the first time in six games with 18.  Linas Kleiza  came off the bench to score 18 for Toronto, 10 in a 15-2 run that cut Indiana's lead to 81-79 with 6:45 left. QUOTABLE:  "We had the energy and the knockout punch. But they got up and came back. They hit some shots, we missed some shots and they were back in the game. We were able to beat them down and not play lackadaisical and were able to pull a win out. We did a pretty fair job on defense but we've got to get better."    -- Indiana's  Paul George THE STAT:  In sweeping the season series, the Pacers won all three games over the Raptors by the same margin -- five points. Their previous victories were by scores of 90-85 and 95-90. TURNING POINT:  Once Kleiza's jumper cut it to 81-79 midway through the fourth,  Roy Hibbert  came up with a big sequence of plays, with a free throw, a block, a tip-in and a drop pass to Granger for a breakaway dunk that made it 86-79. Toronto cut it to 90-85 but Barbosa answered with a three. The Raptors closed to 95-90 but Hill answered with a three with 33 seconds left. QUOTABLE II:  "This is one of those dangerous teams that you know can jump up and slap you. We had to let them know that we could defend and hit keys shots."    -- Indiana's  David West HOT:  Toronto's  Amir Johnson  shot 7-of-9 from the field for 16 points and pulled seven rebounds. He also made a late 3-pointer, just his second of the season.  Alan Anderson , on his second 10-day contract, started and scored 17 points on 6-of-9 shooting, including 4-of-4 from the arc. Kleiza was 10 of 10 from the line. NOT:   DeMar Derozan's  streak of 12 consecutive games with at least 15 points came to an end as he scored just 10 on 4-of-12 shooting. He was scoreless in the second half. QUOTABLE III:  "The fight was there. They put us in a tough situation with their pressure but our guys found a way. It wasn't pretty and again, all we can do is ask for that type of effort. It wasn't a defensive match by either team, but we got some stops."    --- Toronto Coach  Dwane Casey GOOD MOVE:  When Granger picked up his fifth foul with 4:16 remaining and the Pacers up 86-81, Vogel could've stuck with his leading scorer but instead brought Barbosa in off the bench, and he provided two big buckets that helped push the lead to 10 with less than two minutes remaining. BAD MOVE:  After cutting the lead to two midway through the fourth quarter, the Raptors didn't make another basket for more than five minutes. NOTABLE:  Hibbert hobbled to the locker room late in the first half after rolling his right ankle but he returned to start the second half. ...  Tyler Hansbrough  shed the mask he had been wearing to protect a broken nose and facial bone since March 10. ... Toronto's leading scorer,  Andrea Bargnani , missed the game and could be out the rest of the season after re-injuring his left calf in the first half of a loss to Oklahoma City Sunday. Bargnani missed 26 games from late January to early March with a strained left calf.  Amir Johnson  started in Bargnani's place. ... The Pacers did not have a morning shootaround as Vogel opted to give the players extra opportunity for rest after completing a stretch of 12 games in 17 days with a loss to Boston Saturday. ... NFL great  Larry Fitzgerald  was in attendance to cheer on Toronto's Anderson, a longtime friend. UP NEXT:  For the Pacers. Wednesday @ Cleveland, Friday vs. Cleveland, Saturday @ Milwaukee. For the Raptors, Wednesday vs. Philadelphia, Fridav vs. Boston, Sunday @ Atlanta.  