
 Kings-Hawks notebook   By Matt Winkeljohn, for NBA.com Posted Monday January 17, 2011 8:04PM THE FACTS:   Joe Johnson  remained red hot, hitting two free throws with 0.6 seconds left Monday afternoon to cap a 36-point effort and give the Hawks a 100-98 win over the visiting Kings.  DeMarcus Cousins  led the Kings with 20 points, and  Beno Udrih  added 17 but missed two fourth-quarter free throws as the Kings finished a six-game road trip 1-5. Atlanta's  Al Horford  had 23 points, nine rebounds, six assists and a career-high seven blocked shots as the Hawks rallied to avoid losing a second straight home game to a sub-.500 team. Their five-game winning streak, and a 10-game home winning streak, were snapped Saturday in a 112-106 loss to Houston. QUOTABLE:  "Oh definitely. I'm going to ask for the ball every time. We all did a great job spacing the floor and getting good looks, and making the game easy. I thrive off the pressure, and trying to lead this team in the right direction in the fourth quarter."    -- Joe Johnson, when asked if he wants the ball in the fourth quarter of tight games. THE STAT:  The Hawks registered four of their 10 blocked shots in the fourth quarter. Horford and  Josh Smith  had two each in the period. TURNING POINT:  In the span of 5:01 when the Hawks turned the game with a 17-2 run in the fourth quarter, Sacramento made one shot, missed four and had two more blocked while committing two of their modest seven turnovers. Udrih -- an 85.6 percent free throw shooter -- also missed two free throws in that span. In the same sequence, Atlanta made 8 of 9 shots and added a free throw after a technical foul called on Sacramento's  Jason Thompson . QUOTABLE II:  "Halftime, after coming in down nine, I told the guys it was embarrassing how we were playing . . . especially defensively. You can never, never look at a team's record and think they'll come in and lay down and give you a game. We have to come out every single night and play like it's the last game of the Finals."    -- Atlanta coach  Larry Drew HOT:  Johnson has scored 24 or more points in seven straight games, averaging 28.9 per game. He's made 76 of 135 shots (56.3 percent) in that span. . . . With 23 points and nine rebounds, Horford just missed his fourth straight double-double, and with six assists he's had 14 dimes in the past two games. . . . Sacramento's Thompson doubled his scoring average (8.2) for the second game in a row when he scored 16 points. He scored 22 Saturday in a loss at Detroit. NOT:  Sacramento's  Carl Landry , who is averaging 12.6 points, had his second consecutive single-digit game. He scored nine points after scoring eight in the loss to Detroit. . . . Atlanta's bench, which was outscored 50-15 in Saturday's home loss to Houston, was outscored 22-10 Monday as supersub  Jamal Crawford  had his second straight single-digit game following a six-game stretch when he averaged 27.6. Crawford scored eight points, the same as he did against the Rockets, on 2 of 9 shooting. . . . Atlanta guard  Mike Bibby  made just 4 of 13 shots against his former team. He's made 9 of 28 shots over the past three games. BAD MOVE:  Sacramento coach  Paul Westphal 's decision to have Cousin's inbound from the sideline for a potential game-tying alley oop on the game's final play never had a chance as Cousins threw the ball at least 10 feet over the head of  Tyreke Evans  has he cut to the goal. QUOTABLE III:  "We [win the rebounding battle], get nine more field goal attempts, we only had seven turnovers for the game, it's just a shame. We played hard and we played well against a good team on the road at the end of a six-game road trip, and we just came up that short. I'm proud of the effort our guys gave. We've got to keep giving that effort, and add a little bit of poise to our mindset."    -- Paul Westphal ROOKIE WATCH:  Cousins was impressive at times, and complained less than he often does about officiating, although Westphal pointed out that the Kings in general need to stop wasting energy griping about calls. Cousins was active on defense around the goal late, with a couple of blocked shots, but he forced a couple shots in the fourth quarter as the Kings were disintegrating. He finished with a team-high 20 points, eight rebounds and three turnovers. NOTABLE:  Several Hawks noted that their defensive intensity was poor in the first two-plus quarters, and that might have had something to do with them looking ahead to Tuesday's game at Miami. . . . Hawks small forward  Marvin Williams  remains out with a back contusion, and team officials said there is no timetable for his return. UP NEXT:  For the Kings, Wednesday vs. Blazers, Friday @ Warriors, Monday at Blazers. For the Hawks, Tuesday @ Heat, Friday vs. Hornets, Saturday @ Bobcats. 
