  Spurs-Warriors notebook   By Geoff Lepper, for NBA.com  Posted Wednesday December 1, 2010 2:30AM THE FACTS:   Tim Duncan  put together his third career regular-season triple-double, recording 15 points, 18 rebounds and a career-high-tying 11 assists to help the San Antonio Spurs stay perfect on the road with a 118-98 victory against the Golden State Warriors on Tuesday.  Manu Ginobili  added 27 points for the Spurs, who are 8-0 away from home this season. The Warriors wasted a 32-point night by  Stephen Curry  in suffering their ninth consecutive loss to San Antonio. QUOTABLE:  "He's Tim Duncan. That's what he does. He's been the heart and soul of our program for a long time. He's where it all begins, and after all this time, we probably take it for granted."  -- Spurs coach  Gregg Popovich THE STAT:  Individual plus-minus stats for single games can be at times unreliable, but Ginobili's stunning plus-31 in just 30:26 of action accurately summed up the ultra-efficient havoc he wreaked on the Warriors. In addition to his 27 points, Ginobili went 8-for-13 from the floor, 8-for-9 from the line and added six rebounds and five steals. TURNING POINT:  Duncan thought sure his night was done when he checked out with 2:34 left in the third quarter and the Spurs leading by 16 points. But San Antonio couldn't quite put Golden State away -- until Duncan came back with 9:04 left in the fourth quarter. The 12-time All-Star keyed a 13-7 run with four rebounds, two assists and a driving dunk to remove all doubt. HOT:  Ginobili blew the game open almost single-handedly with a 16-point third quarter. He opened the second half with back-to-back 3-pointers over the too-loose defense of  Monta Ellis , and never stopped tormenting the Warriors' defense from that point. It was Ginobili's fifth consecutive game with 23 points or more points. QUOTABLE II:  "He's been carrying us. He's been playing great, shooting the 3-ball great. He's just in his rhythm right now. We know he's got that capability, but it's still fun to sit there and watch him do it, and use every trick he has. He's feeling good right now, so we're going to roll with him."  -- Duncan on Ginobili NOT:  Warriors forward  Dorell Wright,  who came into the game fresh off a 9-for-12 performance behind the 3-point arc in Minnesota on Saturday, was thoroughly stymied by a Spurs defense that keyed on his shooting from the opening tip. Wright finished 1-for-5 on 3-pointers and had 13 points. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:   DeJuan Blair , who was limited to just more than 36 minutes of play over the Spurs' previous four games, rewarded patient owners with 16 points, 10 rebounds and two steals. GOOD MOVE:  With a back-to-back looming Wednesday against the Clippers, Duncan may have been surprised to find himself inserted back in the game alongside fellow star  Tony Parker  during the fourth quarter. But Popovich made sure to secure the win in hand rather than running the risk of blowing a big lead against a potent Golden State lineup. NOTABLE:  Duncan's previous regular-season triple-doubles took place on March 14, 2003 (24 points, 15 rebounds and 10 assists against the Clippers) and March 25, 2000 (17 points, 17 rebounds, 11 assists against Cleveland). . . . Interestingly (and perhaps unsurprisingly), Duncan has only three triple-doubles in 994 career regular-season games, but four such performances in 170 playoff appearances. . . .  Ekpe Udoh , the Warriors' first-round pick this summer, has been cleared to fully participate in practice. The No. 6 overall selection has been on the shelf since July, when he injured his left wrist badly enough to require surgery to fix. "All he's been able to do is his moves by himself, and he's pretty good at that right now," Warriors coach  Keith Smart  said. "He hasn't missed a shot, hasn't had to foul, hasn't had a shot blocked. Good moves, (for) 1-on-0." All joking aside, the progress means Udoh is in line to beat the worst-case scenario of a post-All-Star-break return. . . . Golden State forward  Brandan Wright  sat out again with a lower back strain. He's missed eight straight games and is expected to be re-evaluated in the next couple of days. UP NEXT:  For the Spurs, Wednesday @ Clippers, Friday vs. Minnesota, Sunday vs. New Orleans. For the Warriors, Thursday vs. Phoenix, Sunday @ Oklahoma City, Tuesday @ Dallas.  