Notebook: Mavericks 106, Bucks 93 
 
 
 Micah Powell, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Dec 14, 2013 11:32 PM - Updated Sat Dec 14, 2013 11:32 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  Dallas improved its record to 10-1 when recording at least 25 assists. 
 
 THE LEAD: Brandan Wright  returned from injury and scored 19 points, and  Jose Calderon  added 18 points to power a short-handed Dallas squad to a 106-93 win over Milwaukee, Saturday night at the American Airlines Center. 
 With second-leading scorer  Dirk Nowitzki  and head coach  Rick Carlisle  under the weather, Dallas relied on its perimeter shooting to stake it to an early lead, as the Mavericks drilled home six 3-pointers to build a 12-point first-quarter lead, an advantage the Bucks would fail to push back to single digits the rest of the way. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "It was great to see him out there. His athleticism on defense, on offense, all of those in-between shots that we know he's really good at -- he showed us that again. He did a great job with the game plan, the schemes on defense. He's just an experienced guy, so it's great to have him back." 
 -- Mavericks assistant coach  Monte Mathis 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Mavericks spread the wealth around in Nowitzki's absence, notching 25 assists with five players scoring in double figures. Before narrowing the margin in the fourth, the Bucks had registered just five assists in the first three frames. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Mavericks used a 23-4 run bridging the second and third quarters to open up a 75-47 advantage early in the second half.  
 
 HOT:  Wright was dominant in his return to the lineup after missing the first 23 games of the season with a fractured left shoulder, connecting on 9-for-10 shots from the field and pulling down six rebounds in just 19 minutes off the bench. 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Calderon was on fire in the first half, hitting four 3-pointers and scoring 16 of his 18 points before the break. ...  Shawn Marion  notched his fifth double-double of the season with 13 points and 12 boards. ...  John Henson  filled up the stat sheet in the loss, recording 18 points, 13 rebounds and two blocks. 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  The Mavericks hosted their annual "Seats for Soldiers" event, providing more than 100 wounded service members from Brooke Army Medical Center in San Antonio and Dallas-area reservists with front-row tickets for the evening's game. The seats, valued at more than $350,000 were donated by courtside season ticket holders. The troops have proven to be good luck for the Mavericks over the years, as Dallas improved its record to 8-1 during the event. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:   Giannis Antetokounmpo  was among the few bright spots for the Bucks, as the first-year forward posted 13 points and nine rebounds while leading all Milwaukee players with 35 minutes.  
 
 NOTABLE:  Filling in for Nowitzki,  Jae Crowder  made his second start of the season and posted eight points. ...  Gary Neal  (plantar fasciitis) left the game in the third quarter and did not return. ...  Samuel Dalembert  did not play (coach's decision).  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Mavericks, Wednesday vs. Memphis, Friday vs. Toronto, Saturday @ Phoenix. For the Bucks, Wednesday vs. New York, Friday @ Cleveland, Saturday vs. Philadelphia. 
