  Hawks-Warriors notebook   By Geoff Lepper, for NBA.com Posted Saturday February 26, 2011 1:40AM THE FACTS:   Al Horford  scored 22 points with 13 rebounds and seven assists as the Atlanta Hawks emphatically snapped their three-game losing streak by pasting the Golden State Warriors 95-79 Friday night.  Josh Smith  added 26 points, nine boards and four assists for the Hawks, who led by as many as 29 points while winning for only the second time in seven games.  David Lee  collected 20 points and 10 rebounds for the Warriors, who leave for a seven-game road trip on a sour note, having shot just 37.1 percent from the floor. QUOTABLE:  "I felt that we really made an effort to contest and challenge every shot. It's a little frustrating for me, because I wish that we played like this all the time. I hope there's no looking back now. We saw how we can play. Now we have to be able to keep it up."    -- Al Horford on the Hawks' defensive performance. THE STAT:  28. The Warriors simply could not stop coughing up the ball against Atlanta's pressure, giving up bushels of easy points as a result. Golden State's season-worst mark for points allowed off turnovers is 32. Atlanta had 28 points off 16 Warriors turnovers -- and reached that total with a staggering 21 minutes remaining in the game. TURNING POINT:  The sign this game was well and truly over came in the dying moments of the first half, when Golden State's  Stephen Curry , holding for a final shot, was stripped of the ball by  Joe Johnson , who cruised downcourt for an uncontested dunk just as time expired. Warriors owner  Joe Lacob , watching from his courtside seat, could only bury his face in his hand in response. HOT:  The Hawks' Smith and Horford form a dangerous tandem for many teams, but most especially for a Warriors squad that has been porous in terms of defense at the 4 and 5 spots all season long. The pair made that obvious from the outset, going a combined 8-for-11 for 16 points in the first quarter. NOT:  The Warriors dug themselves a 20-point hole in the first half -- or, more accurately, the Hawks' defense pushed them into a 20-point ditch -- by shooting 33.3 percent in the period, lowlighted by Lee's 4-for-12 and a combined 0-for-10 from  Dorell Wright ,  Vladimir Radmanovic  and  Reggie Williams . GOOD MOVE:  By having  Jeff Teague  -- the temporary replacement for departed  Mike Bibby  -- pick up Curry early, Hawks coach  Larry Drew  helped disrupt the Warriors' second-year point guard's game. Curry finished with three turnovers against his five assists and only scored seven points, 11.4 off his season average. While Teague's offensive numbers weren't stellar, his defensive work set the tone for Atlanta. QUOTABLE II:  "I'm not concerned about whether he makes or misses shots. . . . The biggest threat [from] him is when he utilizes his speed and his quickness, and when he harasses people defensively. That's two straight games where I've thought he's done a really good job with his energy."    -- Larry Drew on Teague. INSIDE THE ARENA:  The Warriors capped off Hardwood Classics month by honoring their lone West Coast championship team, the 1974-75 edition led by Finals MVP  Rick Barry , in a halftime ceremony. Barry was joined by teammates  Bill Bridges ,  Charles Dudley ,  George Johnson ,  Clifford Ray  and  Jamaal Wilkes , plus assistant coach  Joe Roberts  and head coach  Alvin Attles . Ray sat in for several minutes on the team's TV broadcast during the first quarter. NOTABLE:   Kirk Hinrich , the centerpiece of the Bibby trade from Atlanta's standpoint, made his Hawks debut with eight points, three assists and three rebounds in 17 minutes. . . . Warriors guard  Monta Ellis  finished 7-for-21 with six turnovers against five assists, but didn't stick around to talk about it; he had left the locker room by the time media arrived on the scene. . . . Warriors forward  Lou Amundson , who had missed nine straight games with back spasms, made his first appearance since Jan. 30, finishing with eight points and seven rebounds in 18 minutes. UP NEXT:  For the Hawks, Sunday @ Portland, Monday @ Denver, Wednesday vs. Chicago. For the Warriors, Sunday @ Minnesota, Tuesday @ Indiana, Wednesday @ Washington.  