  Notebook: Hornets 94, Nuggets 81   By Michael Kelly, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday January 10, 2012 12:44AM THE FACTS: Carl Landry  scored 21 points,  Chris Kaman  had 10 and the New Orleans Hornets ended a six-game losing streak with a 94-81 win over the Denver Nuggets on Monday night.  Jarrett Jack  had 13 points and nine assists despite being a game-time decision for New Orleans with a sprained right foot. QUOTABLE:  "I didn't do it just to be on some  Willis Reed  stuff. People always told me your best ability is your availability. I just try to be there for my teammates. I felt like I would let them down if I didn't come out and at least give the effort."   --  Jack, on playing with pain. THE STAT:  Hornets had only 11 players available due to injury and personal issues but overcame the altitude and Denver being unbeaten at home.  DaJuan Summers  played for the first time this year and had four points, three rebounds and two assists in 24 minutes. TURNING POINT:  Early in the fourth quarter the Nuggets were looking like they were going to make a run. Kaman calmly hit two jumpers from the elbow to keep the lead in double digits and the Nuggets never got the lead under 11. QUOTABLE II:  "I've been around him for five, six years and I've seen him miss only one game. He was in a car accident and he ran into a parked tractor trailer. He's a tough kid. We don't win this game without him."   --  New Orleans head coach Monty Williams on Jack. HOT: Marco Belinelli  hadn't scored more than 13 points in a game this year and was averaging 8.0 coming into Monday but he torched the Nuggets for 16 in the first half. He hit two 3-pointers and made a falling-down, one-handed bank shot in the second quarter when the Hornets built a 10-point lead. He finished with 19. NOT:  Fan favorite  Chris Andersen  played only 5:26 and didn't get off the bench in the second half. In his last three games he has averaged less than five minutes of playing time and seems to have lost a spot in the rotation with the emergence of  Kosta Koufas  and  Corey Brewer. QUOTABLE III:  "This loss isn't going to throw away all the good basketball we've played. Be humbled by the defeat and go out and work hard tomorrow."   --  Nuggets head coach  George Karl . INSIDE THE ARENA:  New Denver mayor,  Michael Hancock , presented the game ball before tip-off. GOOD MOVE:  Rarely is the game turned in the first minutes but Williams called a quick timeout when Denver went ahead 8-2. Williams was concerned that the Nuggets scored three fast-break baskets, so he reminded his team to get back on transition defense. BAD MOVE:  Late in the game  Nene  put a hard foul on Landry, who fell to the floor after dunking the ball. Landry got up to make the free throw. QUOTABLE IV:  "I definitely got hit in the face. I didn't see the ball go in, I just know I hit the ground pretty hard. It was a tough hit. I felt like it was more than an average foul. I took it and got up."   --  Landry, on Nene's hard foul in the fourth. ROOKIE WATCH:  Hornets guard  Carldell Johnson  played 14 minutes and scored only three points but he drew a key offensive foul in the fourth quarter when New Orleans was pulling away. NOTABLE:  The Hornets are 6-5 in Denver since the start of the 2005-06 season. UP NEXT:  For the Hornets, Wednesday vs. Oklahoma City, Friday vs. Minnesota, Saturday @ Memphis. For the Nuggets, Wednesday vs. New Jersey, Friday vs. Miami, Sunday vs. Utah.  