  Notebook: Magic 102, Raptors 96   By Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com Posted Sunday January 1, 2012 10:28PM THE FACTS:  After playing from behind for most of the game, the Orlando Magic outscored the Toronto Raptors, 24-7, over the final 7 1/2 minutes Sunday night and brought in the New Year with a 102-96 victory. Ryan Anderson  made two 3-pointers and  J.J. Redick  and  Hedo Turkoglu  one each as the Magic turned an 11-point deficit into a five-point lead in just over three minutes. Andrea Bargnani  scored a game-high 28 points for the Raptors and  Jose Calderon  added 18, including a 3-pointer that put Toronto up by 16 midway through the third quarter. QUOTABLE:  "Today we played really well for three quarters. We played great offense and great defense. In the fourth quarter we played really bad."  --  Raptors forward Andrea Bargnani. THE STAT:  The Raptors' shooting went down in every quarter -- 55 percent in the first quarter, 48 percent in the second, 43 percent in the third and 33 percent (with five turnovers) in the fourth. TURNING POINT: DeMar DeRozan's  layup with 7:49 remaining put Toronto up, 89-78, but Hedo Turkoglu's layup started a 16-0 Orlando run that included four 3-pointers before the Raptors scored again. HOT:  Ryan Anderson leads the NBA in 3-point field goals (21) and 3-point shots (45) while shooting a healthy percentage (.467). NOT:  The Raptors went scoreless for more than five minutes in the fourth quarter. QUOTABLE II:  "It's almost like a broken record . . . .I see the growth, I see the movement. I also see some of the mental breakdowns at crucial times."  --  Raptors coach  Dwane Casey. GOOD MOVE:  The Raptors got away with man-to-man coverage on  Dwight Howard  (19 points, 11 shots) although they paid for it on the perimeter. BAD MOVE: Leandro Barbosa  fouled out on a clumsy charge when the Raptors needed a basket with 1:38 left. QUOTABLE III:  "If it's physical, how are you more tired in the first, second and third quarters than you are in the fourth quarter after you've played the minutes?"  --  Magic  c oach  Stan Van Gundy , when asked about his team's lethargy through the first three quarters. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Jose Calderon filled up the stat sheet with 6-of-9 shooting (3-for-4 from downtown), 13 assists, four rebounds and one turnover. NOTABLE:  J.J. Redick had his fourth straight double-figure scoring game for Orlando . . . The Magic have won four straight since a season-opening loss at Oklahoma City . . . It was only the Magic's second victory in their last five meetings with the Raptors. UP NEXT:  For the Raptors, Monday @ New York, Wednesday vs. Cleveland, Friday vs. New Jersey. For the Magic, Monday @ Detroit, Wednesday vs. Washington, Friday vs. Chicago.  