  Notebook: Spurs 106, Jazz 102 Posted Tuesday February 21, 2012 12:48AM By Andrew Aragon, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  With their road and overall winning streaks in jeopardy, the San Antonio Spurs turned to a Jefferson on President's Day. Richard Jefferson  hit two key shots in the fourth quarter to help the Spurs to a 106-102 win over the Utah Jazz on Monday night. It was San Antonio's eighth straight road win and 11th consecutive victory overall. The Spurs' 11-game win streak is the longest in the NBA this season. Tony Parker  continued his phenomenal season with 23 points and 11 assists as the Spurs rallied from an 11-point deficit.  Tim Duncan  and  Matt Bonner  each chipped in 20 points. QUOTABLE:  "We thought some guys were doing the job out there so we sat him for a good portion of the second half. To his credit, when we did go back to him down the stretch he was ready, and he knocked down some huge shots."  --  San Antonio head coach  Gregg Popovich  on Jefferson's impact in the fourth quarter. Jefferson played just 20 total minutes. THE STAT:  The Spurs -- especially Bonner -- were outstanding from 3-point range. They made 10 of their 21 3-point attempts (47.6 percent) with Bonner shooting 5-for-6 from 3-point range. TURNING POINT:  Jefferson didn't score in the game's first 44 minutes, but he hit two big baskets to sink the Jazz. His first shot -- a 23-footer just inside the 3-point line -- put San Antonio up 100-96 with 3:48 left. He later ended Utah's hopes for an upset by draining a 3-pointer from the right corner to give San Antonio a 105-100 lead. The shot came with 6.5 seconds remaining in the game. HOT:  The Utah crowd gasped every time Bonner caught the ball in 3-point range. He shot 6-for-8 overall, and his 20 points were a season-high. Utah's  Devin Harris  shot 6-for-8 for the Jazz, finishing with 15 points and four assists. NOT:  After  Al Jefferson  hit a jumper to get the Jazz within 102-100 with 2:11 remaining, Utah missed three straight shots and came up empty on four consecutive possessions. The Spurs missed their first eight shots in the third quarter and fell behind 69-58.  Gary Neal  shot just 4-for-13 for the Spurs, and  Paul Millsap  was 6-for-17 for the Jazz      QUOTABLE II:  "I haven't shot the ball particularly well, haven't played particularly well lately. You just have to be ready whenever you get the opportunity. It wasn't smooth sailing, even in the last few minutes, but I was able to knock them down."  --  Spurs forward Jefferson on his late contributions against the Jazz. GOOD MOVE:  The Spurs got into the bonus at the free-throw line early in the quarter, with 9:48 remaining, and kept attacking. They earned 14 free-throw attempts in the fourth quarter, making 12 of them. The Jazz, by comparison, attempted just five foul shots in the fourth. FANTASY WATCH:  Bonner and  DeJuan Blair  fantasy studs? Maybe if they always played against the Jazz. Blair rewarded his patient owners with 15 points on 7-for-11 shooting, and Bonner always seems to shoot well in Utah. Blair had 17 points and 10 rebounds against the Jazz in the first meeting between the two teams this season on Dec. 31. ROOKIE WATCH:  Utah's  Alec Burks  got off to a promising start with six of his seven points and a big dunk in the first half. San Antonio's  Kawhi Leonard  had four points and eight rebounds in 29 minutes.  Enes Kanter  had four points and four rebounds in 10 minutes for the Jazz. QUOTABLE III:  "It's great for us, but there is absolutely no focus on it. We're not even thinking about it. We're going to play it a game at a time ... however it works, it works. We've had a good stretch here. Now we've got a couple more games to end strong."  --  Spurs forward Duncan on his team's winning streak. NOTABLE:  Utah's Jefferson, who scored a team-high 20 points and collected 11 rebounds, is only 1-20 in 21 career matchups against the Spurs. San Antonio had three players score 20 or more points for the first time this season. It was just the second time this season the Spurs allowed an opponent to score 100 or more points in regulation.     UP NEXT:  For the Spurs, Tuesday @ Portland, Thursday @ Denver, Feb. 29 vs. Bulls. For the Jazz, Wednesday @ Minnesota, Tuesday @ Sacramento, Feb. 29 vs. Rockets.   