Notebook: Grizzlies 101, Spurs 98 
 
 
 Marlon W. Morgan, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Jan 12, 2013 12:06 AM - Updated Sat Jan 12, 2013 12:06 AM 
 
 THE FACTS:  For the second time this season, it took an overtime period to decide a winner between San Antonio and Memphis. This time, it was the Grizzlies who managed to pull out the win in the extra period and  Rudy Gay  and  Darrell Arthur  made big plays down the stretch to give the Grizzlies a hard-fought, 101-98, overtime win in front of 17,685 at FedExForum. Gay had a team-high 23 points while Arthur came off the bench to add a season-high 14 points and five rebounds. The Spurs were led by  Tony Parker , who scored 30, including a game-tying 3-pointer at the buzzer to send the game into overtime. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "It seems like he always has great games against us. He hit some big shots for them, and a couple in a row. He got the fast break in overtime to close it out. It seems like he always plays really well against us and is in a comfort zone against us."  --  Spurs' forward  Tim Duncan  on  Darrell Arthur.   
 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Turnovers have been a problem for the Spurs, who have now lost three of their last five games. They committed 18 against the Grizzlies, who capitalized by scoring 26 points on those turnovers. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Spurs had the ball in overtime, looking to add to its 98-97 lead.  Manu Ginobili  found a lane to the basket. His shot was initially ruled a goal tend by Gay, but after reviewing the play, the call was reversed and called a block, forcing a jump ball at midcourt. Arthur won the tip over Duncan and the Grizzlies eventually regained the lead for good on a jumper by Gay. 
 
 HOT:  The Spurs used the long ball to their advantage, connecting on 10 of 25 3-pointers (40 percent). Parker was a perfect 3-for3, while Ginobili was good on 4 of 9. 
 
 NOT:  It was another off-night for Grizzlies' center  Marc Gasol . He made just 4 of his 11 shots, scoring 10 points to go with his six rebounds. 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  With Gasol having an off night, Grizzlies coach  Lionel Hollins  opted to go with Arthur for all of the three minutes in the fourth quarter. Arthur didn't disappoint as the 6-9 forward stepped out and made three big jumpers in the fourth, to go with three rebounds. Hollins started Gasol in the overtime, but put Arthur back in down the stretch. In addition to winning the jump ball, Arthur emphatically scored the games last basket with a dunk with 8.9 seconds left. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  With 28 seconds left in the third quarter, the Grizzlies were out on a two-on-nothing fast break, looking to pull to with one point. Guard  Jerryd Bayless  had the ball with Gay slightly ahead. As Bayless got close to the paint, he looked to pass to Gay but couldn't decide what kind of pass. What looked to be a lob that was way too low went sailing out of bounds, out of Gay's reach. The Grizzlies could have used those two points to prevent the overtime period. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I had told them when Tony Parker hit the 3, I said, `You have two ways to go. You can hold your head and feel sorry for yourself, or you can suck it up and go back and win the game again.' We got down, we fought back, and we did win the game. It was a good test of our mental toughness and our togetherness because we did stick together."  --  Grizzlies coach  Lionel Hollins . 
 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  The two teams will meet again Wednesday in San Antonio to break their 1-1 deadlock in the season series. Each team has won at home this season. Friday's win was the Grizzlies first against the Spurs since their Game 6 series clinching playoff win in 2011. ... Despite hearing his name in numerous trade rumors this week, Gay had turned it on in his last four games. After averaging 19.7 ppg during the team's recent three-game sweep on the road, Gay had 23 against the Spurs along with six rebounds, while holding  Kawhi Leonard  to just six on the defensive end. ... Memphis is now 2-1 in overtime games this season, while the Spurs are 3-1. ... The Spurs lead the league in bench scoring with 42 ppg, but were held to just 27 points against Memphis. ...  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Spurs, Sunday vs. Minnesota, Wednesday vs. Memphis, Friday vs. Golden State. For the Grizzlies, Saturday @ Dallas, Monday vs. L.A. Clippers, Wednesday @ San Antonio. 
