Notebook: Pacers 88, 76ers 69 
 
 
 Andy Jasner, For NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Feb 06, 2013 10:41 PM - Updated Wed Feb 06, 2013 10:41 PM 
 
 THE FACTS: Roy Hibbert  scored 18 points and swept 14 rebounds, leading four Indiana Pacers in double figures en route to an impressive 88-69 victory over the Philadelphia 76ers Wednesday night at the Wells Fargo Center.  Paul George, David West  and  George Hill  scored 15 points each for the Pacers, who improved to 31-19 and won on three consecutive nights. Because of a rescheduled game, the Pacers had to play Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday. They responded with victories over the Bulls, Hawks and Sixers. Overall, the Pacers have now won five straight games. 
 
 Jrue Holiday  led the Sixers with 19 points while rookie  Arnett Moultrie  scored a career-high 12 points.  Lavoy Allen  also had 12 for the Sixers, who fell to 21-27 and had their three-game winning streak snapped. Philadelphia is 4-2 on this season-long eight-game homestand. It was a season-low in points for the Sixers. 
 
 QUOTABLE : "We were not mentally into the game." 
 -- Sixers coach  Doug Collins 
 
 
 THE STAT : The Sixers shot just 34.4 percent (31-for-90) and attempted just seven total free throws, converting five. 
 
 TURNING POINT : After building a 59-48 lead through three quarters, the Pacers never let up and continued pushing ahead. They never allowed the Sixers to make a run and the result was a gritty road victory. 
 
 HOT : Hill knocked down 7 of his 11 shots for the Pacers. 
 
 NOT : Virtually every player on the Sixers had an off night. Holiday was 7-for-22,  Nick Young  was 4-for-13,  Spencer Hawes  was 3-for-13 and  Evan Turner  missed 9 of his 10 shots. 
 
 QUOTABLE II : "I thought we came in with a good game plan. We executed and stayed within ourselves. I thought this was a sign of a veteran team because it was our third game in three nights. We just came to play and treated it like any other game. I was really proud of our entire team to come away with a huge win like this." 
 -- Roy Hibbert 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT : Hibbert had 18 points, 14 rebounds, five blocked shots and one assist. George added 15 points, six assists, five rebounds and two steals. 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA : The crowd of 15,299 was relatively quiet much of the night, especially with the Sixers playing so poorly for large stretches. There wasn't much to cheer about against the surging Pacers. 
 
 QUOTABLE III : "We got good shots. We didn't knock them down." 
 -- Jrue Holiday 
 
 GOOD MOVE : The Pacers extended their defense way out on the perimeter and it caused problems for the Sixers. Indiana's defense was terrific all night and it altered shots the entire night. 
 
 BAD MOVE : The Sixers didn't penetrate enough into the lane. They worked the shot clock too much and ended up taking a lot of difficult shots. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH : Pacers guard  Orlando Johnson  had eight points and three rebounds, while guard  Ben Hansbrough  received a DNP-CD. For the Sixers, Moultrie was effective with 12 points and three rebounds in 20:42. 
 
 NOTABLE : The Sixers played without guard  Jason Richardson  (left knee synovitis) and forward  Thaddeus Young , who will be sidelined for at least three weeks with a strained left hamstring. Richardson traveled to New York Wednesday morning for a third opinion from Dr. Jonathan Glashow at Mount Sinai Hospital. ... The 69 points by the Sixers is their lowest total since compiling 67 at New Jersey on April 5, 2009. Over the past four games, the Sixers are averaging 82 points. ... The Sixers are 2-23 when failing to outshoot their opponent this season. ... Philadelphia has shot fewer than 10 free throws in four of the last five games. ... Hibbert registered his 11th double-double of the season. ... The Pacers had 20 assists and nine turnovers. ... Over the past four games, Allen is averaging 10 points on 55.6 percent shooting. ... Holiday has had more turnovers than assists in two of the last three games. 
 
 UP NEXT : For the Pacers, Friday vs. Toronto, Monday vs. Brooklyn, Wednesday vs. Charlotte. For the Sixers, Saturday vs. Charlotte, Monday vs. L.A. Clippers, Wednesday @ Milwaukee. 
