  Notebook: Hawks 101, Pistons 96 Posted Saturday April 7, 2012 12:23AM By Jon Cooper, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Philips Arena is starting to feel like home again for the Atlanta Hawks. Jeff Teague  scored 24 points and added 11 assists and  Josh Smith  had 22 points and 12 rebounds as Atlanta (33-23) won for the sixth time in its last seven home games and made it seven in a row over the Pistons at Philips Arena, beating Detroit (21-34), 101-96, Friday night at Philips Arena. Teague's 24 matched his career high, while his 11 assists were a season best. Rodney Stuckey  came off the bench to score a game-high 27 for Detroit, which saw its three-game winning streak come to an end. The third meeting of the season was the first where the game didn't come down to a three-point shot by  Joe Johnson . Atlanta led by five after one and by nine at the half, after holding Detroit scoreless for the final 2:58 of the second quarter. Teague had a game-high 17 at intermission, scoring his final two on a spectacular three-quarter-court sprint through traffic, taking the ball all the way to the hole for a buzzer-beating lay-up. The Hawks extended the lead to 12 in the third quarter and took a 10-point spread into the final 12 minutes. But back came Detroit. Sparked by Stuckey's seven points and four straight by  Greg Monroe , the Pistons went on a 15-2 run in the first 4:30 of the quarter to take an 83-80 lead. The Hawks answered back, as coming out of a timeout, they went on a 6-0 run of their own. Teague set up slams on back-to-back possessions, first to Smith, then to  Marvin Williams , and completed the run with a dunk of his own, set up by Smith, and Atlanta never trailed again. Detroit got the game to within one possession three more times but never shot for the tie. QUOTABLE:  "When they took the lead I just told the guys this is not a time for us to panic. This is a time for us to see what we're made of."  --  Hawks head coach  Larry Drew  on what he said to his team during the timeout following Detroit's fourth quarter-opening run. THE STAT:  10 -- The combined number of points by forward  Jason Maxiell  and center Monroe. The tandem had torched Atlanta for 80 points in the first two games. Monroe was 3-for-7, and 2-for-6 from the line Friday night, while Maxiell was 1-for-2 and sat out the final 2:43 of the third quarter and the entire fourth. In the previous two games, Monroe had been 20-for-34, while Maxiell was 17-for-25. TURNING POINT:  With 6:43 remaining in the game and Detroit leading 83-82, Drew substituted  Ivan Johnson  for  Zaza Pachulia . Monroe, who was 2-for-2, with an offensive and defensive rebound in the first 4:30 of the stanza, went 0-for-2 with one rebound the rest of the way. Johnson energized the Hawks, getting a resounding block, a steal, an offensive rebound and capping the run with a thunderous dunk as Atlanta outscored Detroit 11-6 over the next 5:23. Teague added four assists in the run. QUOTABLE II:  "Teague was outstanding tonight. When he wasn't scoring he was so quick putting pressure on the defense and finding guys for easy buckets. When he plays like that we are that much more dangerous offensively."  --  Marvin Williams. HOT:  Detroit guard and Georgia Tech alum  Will Bynum  provided the kind of instant offense that former Piston  Vinnie Johnson , aka "The Microwave," would have been proud of. Bynum missed his first shot at the 10:32 mark of the second quarter but then buried four straight shots -- a driving lay-up, a three, a 20-foot fade-away J and a reverse lay-up -- in a span of 2:44. NOT:  Monroe was basically MIA, save for a 5:00 stretch in the fourth quarter. He managed only 3-for-7 shooting and also missed four of his six free throw attempts. GOOD MOVE:  Drew's call of a timeout with 3.4 seconds left in the first half. The ensuing play resulted in Teague's dash down court and buzzer-beating lay-up, which stunned the Pistons, who had made defensive substitutions, bringing in  Ben Wallace  for Monroe and  Brandon Knight  for  Ben Gordon . Teague shredded the defense and raced to the basket, scoring just ahead of the half-ending buzzer and giving Atlanta a 52-43 halftime edge. ROOKIE WATCH:  Atlanta's Ivan Johnson provided energy as he always does, but also provided some offense. He scored 16 points on 8-for-12 shooting, grabbed six rebounds (two offensive boards), had an assist, made two steals and added a blocked shot. He finished the game plus-17. NOTABLE:  Atlanta's 30 assists gives them 62 assists in its last two games, having had 32 Wednesday night against Charlotte...Joe Johnson's seven helpers were second-most in the game and were one off his season high...Both teams feasted off turnovers, as Detroit turned 13 Atlanta giveaways into 19 points, while the Hawks scored 27 points of 17 Pistons turnovers...Detroit had the most points in the paint of any of the three games against Atlanta this season, but was outscored in the paint for the first time, as Atlanta held a 54-48 edge in PIPs...The Hawks outscored Detroit 28-15 in fastbreak points. They totaled 27 FB points in two games vs. Detroit at The Palace...With his 27 points Friday night (including nine of Detroit's 15 free throws for the game), Stuckey, who had sat out three straight games with a sore left hamstring, has scored 42 points in the two games since coming back. He had 15 points on 6-for-7 shooting Thursday night in the win over Washington. UP NEXT:  For the Pistons, Sunday @ Miami, Monday @ Orlando, Thursday @ Charlotte. For the Hawks, Saturday @ Charlotte, Wednesday @ Boston, Friday @ Orlando.  