  Hornets-Celtics notebook   By Brian Robb, for NBA.com Posted Friday December 31, 2010 6:49PM THE FACTS:  The New Orleans Hornets had a defensive stand in the closing seconds, enabling them to hand the short-handed Boston Celtics their second home loss of the year 83-81.  Chris Paul  made his presence felt for the victors all over the floor with 20 points, 10 assists to go along with six steals.  Emeka Okafor  also posted a double-double of his own with 18 points and 13 rebounds for New Orleans, which blew a eleven-point second half lead before holding on for the win.  Ray Allen  led Boston with 18 points, 16 of which came in the second half. QUOTABLE:  "Well when you play this team here, you not only need big plays, but you have to be poised. I thought when they made that run in the 4th quarter, our guys were poised. We didn't lose sight of winning."   -- Hornets head coach  Monty Williams THE STAT:  New Orleans won the game despite going scoreless for the first 5:47 of the fourth quarter. They shot 30 percent overall during the final frame, but managed to put up 17 points in the closing minutes, which proved to be just enough for the win. TURNING POINT:  After struggling mightily on the offensive end for the first three quarters, the Celtics caught fire in the first six minutes of the fourth quarter, closing a nine-point deficit with a 18-0 run. Allen led the surge with his hot shooting, scoring 10 points during the run, which turned the contest into a nip and tuck battle the rest of the way. QUOTABLE II:  "We've got to continue to bring it, and commit on the defensive end. We can't let our offense dictate the way we play. Guys came in, played their role and executed down the stretch."   -- Chris Paul HOT:  Paul -- The Hornets point guard continued his torrid stretch with another fantastic all-around evening. He is averaging 19.2 points per game on 55 percent shooting, to go along with 10.6 assists per contest over his last five outings. NOT:   Glen Davis  -- Big Baby missed ten of his fourteen shots on the evening, including both attempts in the fourth quarter. The fourth-year forward, who started his first game of the year in place of the injured  Kevin Garnett , will need to step up his production (eight points, four rebounds) in place of the All-Star for Boston to succeed. QUOTABLE III:  "I thought we had a little bit of hero ball. There's no doubt about that. And usually you lose when you do that. And so we lost.   -- Boston head coach  Doc Rivers FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Okafor continues to dominate the paint for New Orleans during this recent stretch. He had his fifth double-double in his last seven games with 18 points and 13 rebounds. The fifth-year center is now averaging 10.6 ppg and 9.7 rpg. BAD MOVE:  With Boston down three, and just under two minutes remaining on the clock, Davis badly missed an ill-advised 3-pointer with plenty of time left on the shot clock. Big Baby had only taken five 3-pointers through the year before that attempt. ROOKIE WATCH:   Luke Harangody  played a career high 12 minutes for Boston with Garnett sidelined. Despite a lackluster stat line of just two points and four rebounds, Harangody was a crucial part of the team's 16-0 fourth quarter run and finished with an impressive plus/minus of +18. NOTABLE:   Rajon Rondo  sat out his seventh straight game for Boston with a sprained left ankle. He told reporters he continues to be day-to-day after the game with the injury. The Celtics had 13 of their 17 turnovers in the first and third quarters. New Orleans won their first road game since November 26th in Portland. Boston has lost three of their last four games. UP NEXT:  For the Hornets, Saturday @ Washington, Monday vs. Philadelphia, Wednesday vs. Golden State. For the Celtics, Sunday @ Toronto, Monday vs. Minnesota Wednesday vs. San Antonio.  