  Notebook: Suns 93, Clippers 90 Posted Friday April 20, 2012 2:19AM By Mike Tulumello, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The Phoenix Suns are trying desperately to hang in the Western Conference playoff race. The Los Angeles Clippers, the NBA's hottest team, have bigger goals in mind. But you couldn't tell much difference between the two in Wednesday night's thriller, one that wasn't decided until  Blake Griffin 's 3-pointer hit the front of the rim as the final horn sounded. Final: Suns 93, Clippers 90 in Phoenix in what ranked as the "game of the year" from the Suns' perspective. The Suns (33-30) pulled into the No. 8 spot in the West. They can wrap up a playoff spot with wins Saturday, at home vs. Denver, and Tuesday night at Utah (also currently 33-30). The Suns own the tie-breaker with the Jazz. The Clippers (39-24) had won 13 of 15 entering the game. The Clippers led narrowly throughout most of the game until  Steve Nash  (13 points, six assists, six turnovers) hit two free throws with 26 seconds left -- on a foul disputed by  Kenyon Martin  -- to give the Suns a 91-90 lead. Chris Paul  then drove the lane, only to have the ball swatted out of bounds. The Clippers got the ball to  Mo Williams , who launched a 3-pointer that spun out. The Suns boxed out on the rebound, with  Channing Frye  drawing a foul. He hit both free throws to make it 93-90 with two seconds left. Griffin caught a long inbound pass from Martin and threw up a turn-around 3-pointer that fell short. The game was hard fought and, it seemed, loosely -- or perhaps inconsistently -- officiated, with bodies flying and tempers flaring. Midway through the final quarter, the Suns'  Robin Lopez  threw an arm around Griffin as the Clippers' star attacked the hoop. Lopez was called for a flagrant-2 foul and was ejected. Clippers coach  Vinny Del Negro  said, "I thought it was dirty. He was trying to take him down...He is hurt...His neck is bothering him. "The league has to do something to protect this kid." "I was just going for the ball," Lopez said. "Then he got a bit farther, and I went for his arms. "He's on a fast break. He's not a very good free-throw shooter. You've got to take that into consideration." Griffin said, "I don't think it's malicious or trying to hurt anybody but after a while it gets pretty frustrating, only you've got to keep playing. You can't complain." Grant Hill , the Suns' best defender on Paul, sat out with continuing knee soreness. Hill missed nine games after undergoing knee surgery, then played in two games. Now, he's missed three. "He's not quite there," Suns coach  Alvin Gentry  said. Gentry, though, said, "I think there's a really good chance" he could play Saturday afternoon vs. No. 7 Denver. Even without Hill, the Suns limited Paul to 6-for-19 shooting. Jared Dudley  led the Suns with 18 points. QUOTABLE:  "What a game! We kept hanging in and hanging in and fould a way to pull it out at the end."    -- Alvin Gentry. THE STAT:  Griffin shot 7-for-17 for 16 points and 11 rebounds. But he only scored two points after the first quarter. TURNING POINT:  When Mo Williams' 26-footer from up top spun in and out with four seconds left, and the Suns leading, 91-90. QUOTABLE II:  "It was tough when you play that hard and whistles decide he game. It was a hard-fought game or whatever but we should have won that game. I felt we played great defense down the stretch. We defended as well as could have...but I guess (ref)  Kevin Fehr  felt differently. It goes like that sometimes."   -- Chris Paul. HOT:  Dudley hit 4-for-7 on 3-pointers. NOT:  Griffin was 0-for-4 from the field after the first quarter. NOTABLE:  The Suns clinched a .500 or better season for the 30th time in the franchise's 44 seasons. They've done so seven of the past eight seasons, including three of four under Gentry. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Sunday vs. New Orleans, Tuesday @ Atlanta and Wednesday @ New York. For the Suns, Saturday vs. Denver, Tuesday @ Utah and Wednesday vs. San Antonio.  