  Thunder-Mavs notebook   By Dave Ivey, for NBA.com Posted Thursday January 6, 2011 11:22PM THE FACTS:   Kevin Durant  scored a game-high 28 points as Oklahoma City avoided a season sweep by the Mavericks with a 99-95 win Thursday in Dallas. Oklahoma City also halted a two-game skid and improved to 11-2 in games following a loss.  Shawn Marion  scored a season-high 25 points to lead the shorthanded Mavericks, who have dropped four of six without  Dirk Nowitzki  in the lineup. Dallas won the first two meetings in the season series in Oklahoma City, meaning the road team took each contest. QUOTABLE:  "In the second half we were good defensively, but everybody knows that this [Dallas] team is battling some injuries and they're a different team than a few weeks ago. But we did play good defense in the second half. I'm proud of the guys' effort. I thought we made a lot of good basketball plays at both ends."   -- Thunder head coach  Scott Brooks THE STAT:  Oklahoma City collected 13 steals, one shy of its season high set on Oct. 29 at Detroit and nine more than Dallas. The Thunder had nine thefts in the first half alone. Seven players were credited with at least one steal, including three each for Durant and  James Harden . Oklahoma City scored 17 points off the Mavericks' turnovers. TURNING POINT:  The momentum swung decisively in the third quarter as Oklahoma City seized its first lead of the game and never let it go during an 18-4 run. The Mavericks' only field goal during that stretch was a turnaround jumper by Marion with 4:57 remaining in the period, their first bucket since a  Tyson Chandler  layup at the 10:16 mark. HOT:  Marion sank his first five shots of the night and scored 10 of the Mavericks' first 12 points. He scored 12 in the first quarter and 21 in a near-perfect first half (10-for-12), with his only two misses coming from 3-point range. ...  Serge Ibaka  was 6-for-6 from the field and finished with 13 points (eighth in the fourth quarter) and eight rebounds. NOT:  Harden finished with seven points on 1-for-6 shooting, snapping a career-long streak of 12 consecutive games in double figures. ...  Jason Kidd  grabbed 10 boards and added seven assists, but missed all seven field-goal attempts and went scoreless for the first time since a Nov. 8 win against Boston. He has shot 27.1 percent (16-for-59) in his last five games. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Nowitzki missed his sixth consecutive game with a sprained right knee and remains day-to-day. The nine-time All-Star, who is averaging 24.1 points and 7.4 rebounds, has never missed more than six games in any season and has missed just 38 games in 13 NBA campaigns. ...  Russell Westbrook  (15 points, nine assists) and  Jeff Green  (16 points, nine rebounds) each fell just short of a double-double. ... Chandler contributed 14 points, matched a season-high with 18 rebounds and two blocked shots for the Mavericks.  Jason Terry  scored 19 points and is averaging 18.3 over his last three games since moving back into the starting lineup. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Members of the rock band Chicago, in town for a performance with the Dallas Symphony Orchestra, attended the game. NOTABLE:  Brooks and Mavericks head coach  Rick Carlisle  played together with the Albany Patroons in the CBA in 1987. ... With four 3-pointers against the Thunder,  DeShawn Stevenson  has now drained 54 treys in 31 games this season -- precisely the same number he made in the two previous seasons combined. UP NEXT:  For the Mavericks, Saturday vs. Orlando, Wednesday @ Indiana, Friday @ San Antonio. For the Thunder, Saturday vs. Memphis, Wednesday @ Houston, Thursday vs. Orlando.  