  Hawks-Celtics notebook   By Brian Robb, for NBA.com Posted Thursday December 16, 2010 11:55PM THE FACTS:  Three Celtics players had double-doubles, leading a balanced effort on a shorthanded night as Boston cruised to its 12th straight win after beating the Atlanta Hawks 102-90. Celtics captain  Paul Pierce  stepped up his distribution efforts for the C's, who played without injured point guard  Rajon Rondo , dishing out 10 assists to go along with his 15 points. Down low,  Kevin Garnett  and  Glen Davis  both chipped in with double-doubles of their own, helping Boston come from behind for the win.  Marvin Williams  led all players with 26 points for the Hawks in the defeat. QUOTABLE:  "We are just out here grinding. There's nothing else to say. Every player is giving everything they have. In order for us to win these games, we just have to give everything we have until we get guys back."   -- Kevin Garnett on Boston continuing to win despite missing five injured players THE STAT:  Hawks power forward  Josh Smith  has missed all 11 field goal attempts during his 56 minutes of action this year against Boston over two games. Smith has three points overall during those contests, and he finished with just one tonight. TURNING POINT:  The Celtics went on a 7-0 run at the 10-minute mark in the fourth quarter to push their lead to a comfortable nine points. Atlanta never recovered from the hot streak, trailing by at least six points the rest of the way. QUOTABLE II:  "I knew I was going to have to be more of a playmaker. I tried to feel the game out and give it what it need. I didn't feel the need to have a big scoring night based on what the other guys were doing. Guys are going to be asked to play multiple roles with the injuries and that's what we have to do."   -- Paul Pierce  HOT:  Without Rondo in the lineup, Hawks backup point guard  Jeff Teague  took advantage Boston's defensive dropoff by breaking out for 11 points in the first half on 5-of-6 shooting in just 10 minutes of action. The second-year guard finished with a season-high 18 points in the loss. NOT:  Atlanta's starters in the second quarter struggled mightily on the offensive end, scoring just one of the team's 22 points over the entire 12 minutes. They finished with just 47 of the team's 90 points on the night. QUOTABLE III:  "Each guy on the this team is really tough. We fight together and all decided to play Celtic basketball tonight."   -- Nate Robinson FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Garnett continues to be a rebounding machine, tallying his eighth double-double during the team's 12-game winning streak. The Big Ticket is now averaging a double-double on the season, with 15.7 points to go along with 10 boards per game. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Patriots players  Alge Crumpler  and  Julian Edelman  sat courtside along with Red Sox first baseman  Kevin Youkilis  to watch the Celtics victory. GOOD MOVE:  Atlanta head coach  Larry Drew  decided to go with an oversized starting lineup to take advantage of the Celtics' injury woes. Williams played shooting guard instead of his usual small forward position, and took advantage of the mismatch by exploding for a season-high 26 points on 9-of-15 shooting. ROOKIE WATCH:  With a laundry list of injuries limiting options for both coaches, all four rookies got action tonight for both teams.  Semih Erden  did the most damage, playing effectively in his fourth straight start at center in place of  Shaquille O'Neal  with 10 points on 5-of-6 shooting, including two impressive jams inside.  Luke Harangody  and  Avery Bradley  also saw some of their first meaningful action of the year with some spot duty in the second quarter. For Atlanta,  Jordan Crawford  struggled, turning the ball over three times in eight minutes of floor time. NOTABLE:   Ray Allen  and Davis led Boston in scoring with 18 points apiece, with 12 of Allen's points coming in the third quarter. Davis drew his 30th offensive foul on the year. He leads the NBA in that category. Celtics guard  Von Wafer  left the game in the second quarter with a sore lower back and did not return. His injury left the Celtics with just nine active players in the second half, including three rookies. Atlanta shot over twice as many free throws as Boston, by a margin of 24-11. The Celtics outscored Boston in the paint 50-36. Atlanta guard  Jamal Crawford  missed the game with a sore back. O'Neal is expected to return in Boston's next game Sunday vs. Indiana. Rondo is expected to miss at least a week with his sprained left ankle. UP NEXT:  For the Hawks, Friday vs. Charlotte, Sunday @ New Jersey, Monday vs. Orlando. For the Celtics, Sunday vs. Indiana, Wednesday vs. Philadelphia, Saturday @ Orlando.  