  Hornets-Cavaliers notebook   By Brian Dulik, for NBA.com Posted Sunday March 6, 2011 10:51PM THE FACTS:  The New Orleans Hornets lost All-Star point guard  Chris Paul  to a concussion in the third quarter, but pulled away for a 96-81 win over the Cleveland Cavaliers. Paul struck his forehead on the shoulder of Cavaliers guard  Ramon Sessions  as he lost the ball at the top of the key with 4:36 left in the period. He traveled with the Hornets to Chicago, but will not play against the Bulls. New Orleans outscored Cleveland 36-20 after Paul was taken off the court on a stretcher. QUOTABLE:  "Chris is not the type of guy to lay down, so to see him flat on the floor like that, you forget about basketball for a minute and think about him as a person, his fiancée, and his kid."   -- New Orleans coach  Monty Williams THE STAT:  Hornets backup point guard  Jarrett Jack  -- filling in for Paul -- scored 12 points in the final 11:01 to lock up the victory. The solid veteran finished with 14 points, six rebounds, five assists and two steals, fueling a 20-5 run immediately after Paul exited. "When Chris went down, I pulled Jarrett to the side and told him, 'OK, let's go.'" Williams said. "We didn't miss a beat." TURNING POINT:  New Orleans scored the first seven points in the fourth quarter to grab an 80-66 lead. Cavaliers coach  Byron Scott  was partially responsible for the spurt by sending out a lineup featuring point guards  Baron Davis  and Sessions, along with the offensively challenged frontcourt of  Semih Erden, Luke Harangody  and  Christian Eyenga . QUOTABLE II:  "Once (Paul) got hurt, we seemed to take a big old exhale like, 'Now, the game is going to be easy.' And they just got more determined and took it from there."   -- Scott QUOTABLE III:  "I did talk to Chris on the phone, and he was in good spirits and cracking jokes in the background. I think he was more upset they had to wait for the CT scan results because he wanted to get out of the hospital already."   -- Williams HOT:  Power forward  David West  scored a game-best 23 points and shared team-high honors with seven rebounds for the Hornets. The Xavier (Ohio) product, who was 8-for-13 from the floor and 7-for-9 from the line, also took over the leadership reins when Paul went down. "A situation like that is where you circle the wagons a little bit," Williams said. "D-West really rallied the troops." NOT:  The Cavaliers joined the 50-loss club for the first time since 2002-2003, which was the season before they drafted two-time NBA MVP  LeBron James . Cleveland also fell to 8-23 at Quicken Loans Arena this winter and hasn't won two games in a row since Nov. 5-6. "I thought we just played selfish ball and lost the game," Scott said. "We just did not share the ball like we normally do." GOOD MOVE:  New Orleans placed an emphasis on defensive rebounding in the second half and limited the Cavaliers to four offensive boards on their 25 missed shots. Cleveland had nine offensive rebounds in the first half with  Samardo Samuels  and  J.J. Hickson  grabbing three apiece. "That's where the Cavaliers play, in the paint, so we knew we had to do a better job there," Williams said. BAD MOVE:  Instead of capitalizing on Paul's absence, Davis played extremely sloppy after intermission for Cleveland. He had as many turnovers as points -- three -- and shot 1-for-5 in 15 minutes. "We felt we could get this game. But when we started playing at their pace, which is a lot slower than we are accustomed to, I think it worked in their favor," Davis said. NOTABLE:  New Orleans shot 56.8 percent in the first half with Paul collecting 11 points and 10 assists. He had 13 points and 11 helpers in 27 minutes at the time of his injury. ... Hornets center  Emeka Okafor  had four blocked shots in the opening quarter. ... Davis played in his first home game for the Cavaliers, while Erden made his debut with the team. ... Davis is averaging 17.5 points and 5.5 assists in two contests with Cleveland, while Erden had zero points and five boards against New Orleans. ... Cavaliers small forward  Alonzo Gee  blocked two 3-point attempts and had a two-hand slam over Okafor. ... Hickson netted his 17th double-double of the season with 15 points and 10 boards. ... Samuels is averaging 16.3 points and 8.0 rebounds in his first three NBA starts. ... New Orleans wore its Mardi Gras-themed purple, green and yellow "NOLA" alternate uniforms. UP NEXT:  For the Hornets, Monday @ Chicago, Wednesday vs. Dallas, Saturday vs. Sacramento. For the Cavaliers, Tuesday vs. Golden State, Wednesday @ Milwaukee, Sunday vs. Oklahoma City.  