  Heat-Pistons notebook   By Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday March 23, 2011 11:22PM THE FACTS:   Dwyane Wade  had 24 points and the Miami Heat held the pesky Detroit Pistons to 13 fourth-quarter points in a 100-94 victory Wednesday at The Palace.  LeBron James  added 19 points, eight rebounds and seven assists as the Heat won for the sixth time in seven games. QUOTABLE:  "We did play 11 straight playoff-contending teams but this team played well. You've got to give them credit, they played well early. But we knew we had to continue to keep grinding and keep grinding and eventually, we will break them."   -- Wade on taking the Pistons' best shot. THE STAT:  31-for-52, 59.6 percent. Miami's defense, ranked No. 2 in defensive field-goal percentage, allowed the Pistons to shoot 59.6 percent through the first three quarters. The Pistons wound up shooting 49.3 percent for the game after being held to 4-for-19 in the fourth quarter. TURNING POINT:  Down eight entering the fourth, the Heat reeled off 15 unanswered points to grab an 88-81 lead. The Pistons started the quarter with five reserves but head coach  John Kuester  was forced to bring back four starters before the run ended. James had four points and two assists during that stretch. The Pistons didn't score until  Tracy McGrady's  jumper with 6:21 remaining. QUOTABLE II:  "We were getting our tails handed to us. It was humbling through three quarters. There is no easy win in this league. If you're not bringing your best effort with a sense of urgency and a real disposition on that side of the floor, that can happen to you."   -- Heat coach  Erik Spoelstra  on trailing by eight after three quarters. HOT:  Reserve guard  Mike Miller  came alive for the Heat with 13 points, including three 3-pointers. He had scored a combined 11 points in the previous five games. NOT:  Detroit's bench, ranked No. 3 leaguewide at 39.4 ppg, did not deliver its usual offensive punch. Pistons' reserves had just 23 points on 8-for-21 shooting.  Ben Gordon  went scoreless in 11 minutes. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:   Chris Bosh  continued his strong March with 23 points and seven rebounds. He is averaging 18.8 points and 9.1 rebounds during the month. ROOKIE WATCH:  Pistons forward/center  Greg Monroe  recorded his 10th double-double since the All-Star break with 14 points and 12 rebounds. Monroe has 17 double-doubles, equaling the combined amount of his teammates. NOTABLE:  Miami recorded its first season sweep of the Pistons since the 2000-01 season. ... James extended his personal winning streak against Detroit, dating back to his last two seasons in Cleveland, to 15 games. ...  Mike Bibby  made his first start at point guard for the Heat since he was signed 11 games ago. He had five points and four assists. He replaced  Mario Chalmers , who is out 10-14 days with a sprained right knee. ... Pistons center  Ben Wallace  missed the game with a sore knee, forcing Kuester to use his 20th lineup this season. ...  Richard Hamilton  led them with 27 points. ... Miami's previous opponents this month had a 64.7 winning percentage. The Pistons' winning percentage is 35.2. UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Friday vs. Philadelphia, Sunday vs. Houston, Tuesday @ Cleveland. For the Pistons, Friday @ Cleveland, Saturday vs. Indiana, Wednesday @ Indiana.  