  Kings-Nuggets notebook   By Michael Kelly, for NBA.com Posted Sunday January 2, 2011 12:46AM THE FACTS: Chauncey Billups  had 22 points and  Nene  had 16 points and 14 rebounds to lead the Denver Nuggets over the Sacramento Kings, 104-86, Saturday night in  Carmelo Anthony's  return to the lineup. Anthony missed five games following the death of his sister, Michelle, nearly two weeks ago. QUOTABLE:  "In the second quarter if we could have had a well-played quarter we could have gotten the lead and made that game very interesting. Instead we took bad shots and were careless with our execution and let them get the lead."    - Sacramento coach  Paul Westphal. THE STAT:  Entering Saturday's game Sacramento was ranked fourth in the league in rebounding and Denver 20th, but it was the Nuggets who owned the boards, holding a 58-35 edge on the glass. TURNING POINT : The Kings were hanging around after cutting a 13-point lead to four in the third quarter when Chris Andersen sparked the crowd when he followed a Billups miss with a powerful dunk that gave Denver a 63-54 lead and Sacramento never really threatened again. HOT:   Nene  has quietly put together a string of strong performances. In his last five games the center from Brazil is averaging 16 points and 9.4 rebounds while leading the league in overall field-goal percentage. NOT : Anthony's five-game layoff had an effect -- he shot just 6-for-22. Anthony missed 13 of his first 14 shots but finished with 16 points and 10 rebounds thanks to a late flurry of scoring after the game was already in hand. He also had six turnovers QUOTABLE II:  "I was good, I just couldn't buy a shot tonight. I couldn't find a rhythm and my legs weren't there, but I'm glad I got this one out of my system." -- Anthony, on returning to the lineup. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Since sitting for three games to rest his injured right wrist Billups has been the hottest Nugget. Over his last six games he is averaging 25 points and 5.5 assists. GOOD MOVE: J.R. Smith  played a controlled game. At times he is guilty of poor shot selection but against Sacramento he played within the flow of the offense and looked for a teammate when, in other games, he would launch and ill-advised shot. BAD MOVE : Westphal couldn't find an answer for the Nuggets' rebounding, especially when  DeMarcus Cousins  got into early foul trouble. ROOKIE WATCH:  Cousins followed up his 21-point, 16-rebound effort against Memphis with a solid game against Denver. He had 16 points and a team-high eight rebounds. NOTABLE : The Nuggets had 21 turnovers, marking the fourth time this year they've had 20 or more in a game. They are 3-1 in those games. UP NEXT:  For the Kings, Sunday vs. Phoenix, Tuesday vs. Atlanta, Thursday vs. Denver. For the Nuggets, Monday vs. Houston, Wednesday @ L.A. Clippers, Thursday @ Sacramento.  