  Notebook: Jazz 96, Kings 93   By Andrew Aragon, for NBA.com Posted Sunday January 29, 2012 12:29AM THE FACTS:  It was fitting that the game's most important shot came off the hands of Sacramento Kings rookie guard  Jimmer Fredette , who returned to play in front of his hometown crowd as he was simultaneously booed by Utah Jazz diehards and cheered by the same people who rooted for him at BYU. He airballed it. The Utah Jazz held on for a 96-93 victory over the Sacramento Kings, spoiling the homecoming for Fredette, who missed what would have been a go-ahead 3-pointer with 5.9 seconds remaining in the contest. Gordon Hayward  led the Jazz with 21 points, and  C.J. Miles  came off the bench to score 20.  Tyreke Evans  had a season-high 31 points to lead the Kings, while Fredette finished with 14 points. QUOTABLE:  "I just tried to be a little more assertive. I tried to shoot with confidence. I'm still not where I want to be. I missed a lot of open, easy looks. I can just feel there's so much more (to improve), but it's a step in the right direction."   -- Jazz forward Gordon Hayward on being aggressive and finding his shot against the Kings. THE STAT:  The Kings' lack of depth was glaring, as their bench was outscored 45-13. TURNING POINT:  The game's outcome was in doubt until Fredette airballed his potentially game-winning 3-point attempt. But a 9-2 run to close the third quarter put the Jazz in control of the game. Hayward started the spurt with a 20-foot jumper and layup, but the backbreaker came from  Earl Watson . He hit an off-balance 3-pointer as time expired in the third, giving Utah a 78-67 lead going into the final period. HOT:  Miles made six of his last eight attempts and shot 8-for-13 overall. His 20 points were a season-high. Rookie  Isaiah Thomas  gave the Kings a big lift off the bench, shooting 5-for-6, including 3-for-3 from 3-point range, and scored 13 points. Sacramento's  Jason Thompson  shot 6-for-7 and scored 12 of his 14 points in the first half. NOT:  It was an unusually off shooting night for  Paul Millsap , who has been the Jazz's best player this season. He shot just 2-for-10 and scored six points, but did grab 14 rebounds. Good thing for Sacramento that Thomas produced off the bench. No other Kings reserve scored a point and the rest of the bench shot 0-for-12. QUOTABLE II:  "It was weird, right? I thought I was the only person who felt it. The ambience was off. They got loud when Jimmer caught the ball, then they got kind of quiet. I've never seen that big of a mix (of cheers and boos). Like you hear some cheers, you hear some boos or vice versa, but you never hear so much of both."   -- Jazz swingman C.J. Miles on the atmosphere surrounding Jimmer Fredette's return to Utah. GOOD MOVE:  Kings coach  Keith Smart  made an intelligent move after his team fell behind by 13 early in the fourth quarter. He switched to a zone defense, which has been the Achilles heel for the Jazz in recent games, and it helped Sacramento get back in the contest. FANTASY WATCH:  Jazz fans and fantasy owners have been waiting for a breakout game from Hayward and this might have been it. His 21 points were a season-high, and although he didn't shoot an outstanding percentage (46.7), he looked much more comfortable attempting jumpers after his first couple of shots fell. ROOKIE WATCH:  He nearly got a standing ovation during pregame introductions, was booed by Jazz fans when he had the ball in his hands, and was cheered wildly whenever he made a basket by his own fans. That's just the kind of night it was for Fredette. Playing in front of his hometown crowd from his college days at BYU, Fredette had an up-and-down night. He made a couple of ill-advised drives and committed three turnovers, but also shot 3-for-5 from 3-point range. He sat on the bench for much of the fourth quarter, and his restless fans chanted, "We want Jimmer" with a little more than two minutes remaining. They got their wish. For the Jazz,  Alec Burks  dazzled during a two-minute stretch in the fourth quarter, making a put-back dunk and two 3-pointers. Burks' second 3-pointer gave the Jazz a 90-78 lead. NOTABLE:  Jazz starting shooting guard  Raja Bell  suffered a strained right adductor late in the second quarter and did not return.  Chuck Hayes  appeared to aggravate a left shoulder injury that kept him out of 14 straight games prior to Saturday when he fouled Hayward shortly after Fredette's miss in the game's final seconds. UP NEXT:  For the Kings, Tuesday @ Golden State, Thursday vs. Portland, Saturday vs. Golden State. For the Jazz, Monday vs. Portland, Wednesday vs. L.A. Clippers, Thursday @ Golden State.  