  Knicks-Magic notebook   By Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com Posted Thursday December 30, 2010 11:26PM THE FACTS: Dwight Howard  had 24 points and 18 rebounds, leading the Orlando Magic to their fifth straight victory, a 112-103 decision over the New York Knicks. Howard and Knicks center  Amar'e Stoudemire  were whistled for technical fouls early in the game and in danger of fouling out late in the game, but managed to finish it. Stoudemire's game-high 30 points weren't enough to keep New York from losing for the fifth time in seven games. QUOTABLE : "We were talking today about when you can officially label a winning streak. I think five's a good number. Five is the start of an actual winning streak . . . Six, seven, that's when you start getting up there and calling it a good winning streak."   -- Magic guard  J.J. Redick , who had 14 points. THE STAT:  Seven of the eight Magic players who played more than 70 seconds scored in double figures. The exception was  Jason Richardson , who missed two late free throws and finished with nine points. TURNING POINT:  Stoudemire's three-point play had trimmed a one-time 20-point Orlando lead to 98-96 when  Jameer Nelson  set up Jason Richardson for a 3-pointer with 3:41 left. The Knicks never threatened again. HOT: Wilson Chandler  scored a season-high 29 points for the Knicks, hitting 11 of 19 shots. NOT : Snow-bound New Yorkers weren't likely to warm up by watching Raymond Felton, who shot 6 for 22, including 1 of 7 from behind the arc. GOOD MOVE:  Redick, who had a plus/minus of +21, played the entire fourth quarter for the Magic. BAD MOVE:  Howard picked up his league-leading 12th technical foul just 96 seconds into the game. QUOTABLE II:  "I think I could probably give you 20 guys that are a lot harder on officials than (Howard) is. Why he's been the guy to get all the technicals, I don't know."   -- Magic coach  Stan Van Gundy. ROOKIE WATCH: Landry Fields,  who has started all 32 games for the Knicks, went scoreless in 28 minutes. QUOTABLE III:  "I told him to get that mess out of here and I got a tech. I'm going to try to call (the league) and protest that one."   -- Amar'e Stoudemire, who was teed up after blocking a Gilbert Arenas layup in the second quarter. NOTABLE:  The Magic had a 51-35 rebound advantage . . . Twenty years after  Scott Skiles  set a record with 30 assists in a game against the Denver Nuggets, the Magic had 22 assists. Skiles, now the head coach of the Milwaukee Bucks, set the single-game record on Dec. 30, 1990 for the Magic against the Denver Nuggets. UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Sunday vs. Indiana, Tuesday vs. San Antonio, Friday @ Phoenix. For the Magic, Monday vs. Golden State, Wednesday vs. Milwaukee, Friday vs. Houston.  