  Clippers-Thunder notebook   By Randy Renner, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday April 6, 2011 11:41PM THE FACTS:  The Oklahoma City Thunder let a 10-point lead slip all the way down to a basket with just 12.7 seconds left but managed to hold off the Los Angeles Clippers 112-108. With the win the Thunder claim the NBA's Northwest Division Championship and will have home-court advantage in the first round of the playoffs.  The Thunder got the win despite a mammoth night from Clippers star and Oklahoma City native  Blake Griffin . Griffin pumped in 35 points on 15-for-20 shooting. He also grabbed 11 rebounds for his 61st double-double. Two-time All-Star  Kevin Durant  led the Thunder with 29 points. Point guard  Russell Westbrook  added 26. Center  Kendrick Perkins  set a Thunder record with 10 offensive rebounds. He had 17 total rebounds. QUOTABLE:  "The first one (division title) is a great accomplishment. But we have to keep working."  --  Thunder forward Kevin Durant. THE STAT:  After scoring 30 points in the first three quarters on 18 shots Clippers forward Blake Griffin managed only five in the critical fourth quarter and took only two shots. TURNING POINT:  A Griffin dunk brought the Clippers within two points in the closing seconds but Durant converted three of four free throws in and Westbrook got loose for a breakaway dunk to ice the game. QUOTABLE II:  "It's great for our fans and our city to be division champions. It's a great step for the franchise, but it's not time to rest and relax. We've gotta keep playing better as a group."  --  Thunder head coach  Scott Brooks . HOT:  In the first half Clippers forward Blake Griffin scored 20 points on 9-for-11 shooting...Clippers guard  Mo Williams  finished the game 4-for-6 on 3-pointers. NOT:  In the first seven minutes of the game Oklahoma City was 4-for-15 (26.7%)...In the first half Thunder center Kendrick Perkins scored five points on 2-for-10 shooting. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Oklahoma City's 33rd sellout of the season. Among those in the crowd former University of Oklahoma football coach  Barry Switzer  and fromer NBA player and Thunder star  Desmond Mason . GOOD MOVE:  Thunder point guard Russell Westbrook leaves Clippers guard  Eric Gordon  standing still wondering what happened as he drives around Gordon and center  Chris Kaman  for the basket. GOOD MOVE TOO:  With time running out in the first quarter Thunder forward Kevin Durant uses a behind-the-back dribble to get by Gordon and nail a 15-foot jumper. GOOD MOVE III:  In the third quarter Clippers forward Blake Griffin shoots over Thunder center Kendrick Perkins, misses but gets his own rebound then drives around Thunder forward  Serge Ibaka  for another dunk. NOTABLE:  In three seasons the Thunder have improved from 23 wins, to 50 wins to 52 so far this season plus a division championship. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Friday @ Dallas, Saturday @ Houston, Wednesday vs Grizzlies. For the Thunder, Friday vs Nuggets, Sunday @ LA Lakers, Monday @ Sacramento.  