  Warriors-Bobcats notebook   By Derek S. Smith, for NBA.com Posted Friday December 31, 2010 6:46PM THE FACTS:   Monta Ellis  scored a game-high 25 points and his backcourt mate  Stephen Curry  added 24 points as the Golden State Warriors escaped with a 96-95 win over the Charlotte Bobcats Friday afternoon at Time Warner Cable Arena.  Stephen Jackson  led the way for the Bobcats with 22 points, but missed an open three on the team's final possession that would have won the game. QUOTABLE:  "He thought the defender was off of him and that he had a good luck at the three. I think we kind of baited him into that and thankfully he missed it. Nine times out of ten he's going to drive to the basket and get to the hole and get fouled. We had that one time and it worked out for us."   -- Stephen Curry on the miss by Jackson. THE STAT:  A statistic, beyond those found in the box score, that reflects an aspect of the game. Explain if necessary. Use your expertise. TURNING POINT:  Strong start for Golden State. The Warriors came out of the gate on fire. Golden State made it's first seven shots of the game and jumped out to an 18-7 lead after just four minutes of action which gave them confidence and put the Bobcats in a position they hadn't been in under new coach  Paul Silas . QUOTABLE II:  "We couldn't play behind against this team because they get off to fast starts. I needed a quick start for our team to get them chasing us and let them play from behind. We really got off to a great lead and we played the way we needed to."   -- Golden State coach  Keith Smart FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Ellis scored a game-high 25 points and added five assists, four rebounds, three steals and a blocked shot. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Charlotte native Curry needed about 70 tickets for friends and family. In addition to the guests of Curry there was an abundance of fans sporting the red-and-black colors of Davidson College his alma mater. Carolina Panthers wide receiver was seated courtside. BAD MOVE:  Deactivating  Kwame Brown . The move by Silas left Charlotte with just two low post players.  DeSagana Diop  left the game with a strained right achilles in the second quarter and when  Nazr Mohammed  picked up his fourth foul early in the third quarter it left the Bobcats extremely thin in the paint. ROOKIE WATCH:   Ekpe Udoh  was the only rookie to see action Friday afternoon. The Warriors forward scored four points, grabbed three rebounds and had a block and an assist.  Jeremy Lin  was playing for the Warriors' D-League affiliate while Charlotte's  Sherron Collins  was a DNP-CD. NOTABLE:  Diop strained his right achilles tendon in the second quarter and did not return.  Stephen Jackson  scored 20-plus points for the fourth straight game and the 13th time this season.  D.J. Augustin  is averaging 22.7 points since the hiring of Paul Silas while Jackson is averaging 27.7 per game. Curry scored more than 20 points for the first time since December 7.  Dorell Wright  was in double figures for the 27th time this season after a 17-point effort Friday.  David Lee  was held to just eight points, his lowest output since December 5. UP NEXT:  For the Warriors, Saturday @ Miami, Monday @ Orlando, Wednesday @ New Orleans. For the Bobcats, Monday vs. Miami, Wednesday @ Minnesota, Friday vs. Washington.  