  Pacers-Lakers notebook   By Bryan Chu, for NBA.com Posted Monday November 29, 2010 1:43AM THE FACTS:   Roy Hibbert  did his fair share of dropping weight and adding different workouts into his offseason regimen such as mixed martial arts, but it was his work in the film room that helped him the most. Hibbert watched footage of every offense and defensive sequence he had against every big last season. The extra work showed. Behind Hibbert's play and the team's solid defense the Pacers shocked the Lakers, 95-92, Sunday at Staples Center. The Pacers (8-7) have now won three of their last four games, which includes a victory over the Heat and now the two-time defending champions. Even more eye-popping is the Pacers stopping an 11-game regular season road losing streak to the Lakers. Indiana's last victory against Los Angeles was on Feb 14, 1999 when the Lakers played in the Forum. The Lakers (13-4) have now dropped back-to-back games for the first time this season. This game was especially difficult as they lost to the Jazz two nights ago despite leading by as many as 19 points. In this contest, Los Angeles trailed by as many as 15. For Indiana, Hibbert tallied a team-high 24 points and 12 rebounds.  Danny Granger  added 19 points and  Darren Collison  chipped in with 14. Los Angeles was led by  Kobe Bryant 's game-high 41 points and  Lamar Odom  added 15 points and 11 rebounds. Despite Indiana dominating for much of the game, Los Angeles cut the deficit to 93-92 with 34.1 seconds to go. Hibbert had a key dunk, and the Lakers trailed by three. With under 10 seconds left in the game, Bryant missed a 3-pointer from the right wing, but  Ron Artest  managed to snag the rebound. He pulled the ball back outside the arc and gave it to Bryant, who missed a 29-footer. QUOTABLE:  "He's a beast in the post and we'll continue to give it to him. Roy had a phenomenal game. If he continues to play like that, it's going to be hard to beat us."  --  Collison on Hibbert THE STAT:  4306 -- The number of days that have elapsed since the Pacers last won a road game in Los Angeles. TURNING POINT:  The Pacers led 51-45 at halftime and opened up the third quarter on an 8-0 run. The Lakers never did recover as they trailed the rest of the way. QUOTABLE II:  "We're not getting enough stops and teams are comfortable and confident ... Maybe we needed to lose so we'd have to look ourselves in the mirror."  --  Lamar Odom  on the team's recent slide HOT:  Bryant scored 15 straight points for the Lakers in the third quarter, including a back-to-the-basket, over-the-shoulder flick over three defenders. He was fouled on the shot, but missed the free throw attempt. Bryant finished the game with 41 points on 14-for-33 shooting. NOT:  Laker guards  Derek Fisher  and Shannon Brown combined to go 4-for-17 from the field. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Hibbert was 5-for-5 in the first half for 13 points and finished the game with 24 points on 9-for-13 shooting. More importantly, Hibbert proved that he could hang with the best inside as he contained  Pau Gasol . Gasol struggled from the field, going 5-for-15 from the field. Gasol also abandoned his inside game because of Hibbert's activity. "He played so many minutes," said Hibbert of Gasol, who played 45 minutes. "Coach said that he wanted me to get up and down the court and put pressure on him. Obviously they don't have  Andrew [Bynum]  back so he has to carry a large load." GOOD MOVE:  Pacers coach  Jim O'Brien  trusted  T.J. Ford,  who went 2-for-9 shooting, down the stretch, playing him in the final 8:17 even though Collison had a solid game up to that point. Despite struggling for much of the game, Ford hit a driving layup in the game's final minutes and then found Hibbert on a slip-and-roll for a dunk, which was the game's final basket. BAD MOVE:  In the game's final seconds, Artest was wide open under the basket after he grabbed Bryant's missed 3-pointer. Instead of taking it up for an uncontested layup, which would have extended the game as there was still eight seconds left on the clock, Artest dribbled the ball out and ended up passing it to Bryant, who fired a contested 29-footer, which came up short. NOTABLE:  The Lakers shot 38.6 percent from the field to the Pacers' 43.2 ... Indiana had a 19-10 advantage on second-chance points, eight of which came in the final quarter. UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Tuesday @ Memphis, Wednesday @ Houston, Friday vs. Sacramento. For the Pacers, Tuesday @ Sacramento, Wednesday @ Utah, Friday @ Phoenix.  