  Notebook: Bucks 113, Pistons 97 Posted Friday April 13, 2012 11:59PM By Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Center  Drew Gooden  had 26 points, eight assists and five rebounds as the Milwaukee Bucks defeated the Detroit Pistons 113-97 Friday at The Palace. The Bucks, currently with the ninth-best record in the Eastern Conference, now trail Philadelphia and New York by two games in the battle for the final two playoff spots. The Sixers were upset by New Jersey Friday while the Knicks defeated Washington. Rookie guard  Brandon Knight  led the Pistons, who have lost four of their last five, with 25 points. QUOTABLE:  "It's not like a playoff game. It's like a final. We've got to win. In the playoffs, you can maybe lose one or two games. If we lose, we're done because we're running from behind and we need every single win. So, we need to take care of business every game."   -- Bucks forward  Carlos Delfino  on his team's playoff run THE STAT:  36. The Bucks had 36 assists, two shy of their season high, led by point guard  Brandon Jennings ' 10. Backcourt partner  Monta Ellis  made seven as Milwaukee had assists on 80 percent of its 45 field goals. Along with the crisp ball movement, the Bucks committed just 11 turnovers. TURNING POINT:  Up five at halftime, the Bucks blew the game open with a 28-13 run to start the half. Gooden was the focal point of the attack, contributing 10 points and five assists in the quarter. He scored two quick baskets, then dumped the ball inside to forwards  Ersan Ilyasova  and Delfino for layups. He followed with two more jumpers, sandwiched by his pass from the baseline to Ilyasova for another layup. Another Gooden pass from the top of the key led to a Jennings layup and his bounce pass to  Mike Dunleavy  for a 3-pointer ended the flurry and gave Milwaukee a commanding 83-63 lead. QUOTABLE II:  "I didn't use that as motivation. We almost won that game with that scheme. How can you be mad or down on yourself when you almost beat a team like that? You have to forget about it, move on and when you get your chance to get back out there, just play hard."   -- Drew Gooden on bouncing back after playing just five minutes in a close loss to New York Wednesday HOT:  Like Gooden, Ilyasova was a non-factor against the Knicks. He had just three points that night but responded with a 14-point, seven-rebound, two-block performance against the Pistons. He's shooting 60.6 percent from the field over his last 19 games. NOT:  Pistons starting guard  Rodney Stuckey  and small forward  Tayshaun Prince  were so ineffective that coach  Lawrence Frank  didn't play them in the fourth quarter. Stuckey, averaging 15.8 points, had seven points and five turnovers in 16 minutes. Prince had just four points, nine below his average, on 1-for-7 shooting and didn't grab a rebound in 24 minutes. ROOKIE WATCH:  Knight surpassed 20 points for the second straight night. He had 21 at Charlotte Thursday in a 109-85 victory. He had reached the 20-point mark 10 times this season, the second-most by a Piston since the 1993-94 season.  Grant Hill  had 20 or more points 32 times during the 1994-95 season. NOTABLE:  The Bucks won the season series 3-1. ... Milwaukee's starters outscored the Pistons starters 94-58. ... Ellis had 18 points after scoring 35 against the Knicks Wednesday. ... Guard  Ben Gordon  scored 24 off the bench for Detroit. ... The Pistons had 15 turnovers, the ninth time in the last 11 games that the Bucks have forced at least 15. UP NEXT:  For the Bucks, Saturday vs. Indiana, Wednesday @ Washington, Thursday @ Indiana. For the Pistons, Sunday vs. Chicago, Tuesday vs. Cleveland, Wednesday @ Atlanta.  