  Notebook: Nets 110, Suns 103   By Jerry Brown, for NBA.com Posted Saturday January 14, 2012 12:54AM THE FACTS:  This wasn't the way to prepare for the toughest road trip of the season for the Phoenix Suns. Back-to-back homes losses to under .500 teams from the Eastern Conference -- first to Cleveland on Thursday and then a 110-103 loss Friday to the now 3-9 New Jersey Nets. It didn't help that  Steve Nash  (thigh contusion) and  Grant Hill  (groin) didn't play. It didn't help that with the game on the line,  Ronnie Price  and  Shannon Brown  were trying to mesh with the starters during a 21-point calamity that handed the Nets their second win in Phoenix in the last 18 years. But mostly, it didn't help that  Deron Williams  exploded for 35 points on 11-for-18 shooting and added 14 assists to figure in half of New Jersey's points. The harder the Suns pressed, the further he stepped back. "I consider him one of, if not the best point guards in the game," said Price, who went at Williams for four years when the two were teammates in Utah. "I wanted to accept the challenge. I figured I knew his one-on-one moves. When he's coming off screens and knocking down shots like that ... there's really nothing you can do. And when we started trapping and getting the ball out of his hands, other guys started making shots." MarShon Brooks  added 20 points for the Nets, who had six players in double figures and hit 15 3-pointers. After missing five of their first six 3-pointers in the first quarter, the Nets were 14-for-26 (54 percent) the rest of the way. Starting guards Williams and  Anthony Morrow  were a combined 10-for-16 from behind the arc (62.5 percent) "I told him he was due for a game like this," Morrow, said of Williams. "He was worried about his shots. I told him he's going to have a 35-40 point game soon, and everything is going to click. He knew it was in him and we knew it was in him. It was just a matter of time." The timing couldn't be worse for the Suns, who dropped to 4-7 overall and 2-4 at home with a five-game gauntlet to San Antonio, Chicago, New York, Boston and Dallas now in front of them. "We didn't take care of homecourt the way we should and now we've got to go get some wins on somebody else's floor," Price said. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Price stepped in for the injured Nash and scored a career-high 18 points and eight assists -- one shy of his career high. "It doesn't mean anything to me because we lost. I don't even want to look at the stat sheet," Price said. QUOTABLE:  "Deron was just super tonight on both ends of the floor. He scored it, he passed it, but also when we needed stops, we put him on the guy on their perimeter that was hurting us the most."    -- Nets coach  Avery Johnson  on point guard Deron Williams. THE STAT:  Williams had the NBA's first game of at least 35 points and 14 assists in nearly two years. The last time it happened was Feb. 18, 2010, when  LeBron James  had 43 points and 15 assists for Cleveland. TURNING POINT:  The Nets had 22-point bookends in the first and fourth quarters but scored 66 points in the middle two quarters to lead by as many as 12. Without Nash and Hill to close the first half or start the second, the Suns fell behind by 12 and never caught up. HOT:   Kris Humphries  was 6-for-8 from the field -- mostly dunks -- and contributed 15 points and six rebounds in his 28 minutes on the floor. NOT:   Robin Lopez  missed five f six shots from the floor, corralled three rebounds and looked totally lost on the defensive end of the floor in his 15 minutes. After exploding in the season opener for 21 points, he has a grand total of 34 points in the other 10 games. NOTABLE:  Nash missed his first game of the season and the 34th since returning to the Suns to begin the 2004-05 season. Phoenix is 10-24 (.294) in those games. STAT II:  The Suns had won 16 of the last 17 meetings with the Nets in Phoenix (.881), the second-highest winning percentage against any foe at US Airways Center. Only the Milwaukee Bucks, who are a "perfect" 0-19 at USAC, had been worse. QUOTABLE II:  "They shot the skin off the ball."    -- Suns forward  Channing Frye . UP NEXT:  For the Nets, Saturday @ Utah, Monday @ L.A. Clippers and Wednesday vs. Golden State. For the Suns, Sunday @ San Antonio, Tuesday @ Chicago and Wednesday @ New York.  