  Notebook: Magic 119, Pistons 89 Posted Monday April 9, 2012 11:03PM By Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Substituting for the injured  Dwight Howard, Glen Davis  gave the Orlando Magic a big first quarter, which proved to be all that was necessary in a 119-89 rout of the Detroit Pistons. Davis scored six points and took down nine rebounds in the first quarter and finished with 16 points and 16 rebounds. The Magic pulled away in at the second quarter with a bombardment of 3-point baskets and shot 53 percent for the game. Jason Richardson's  game-high 22 points for the Magic included 6-of-7 3-point shooting. Tayshaun Prince  led the Pistons with 21 points, 13 of them in the first quarter. Howard sat out the game with a sore lower back. QUOTABLE:  "Missing Dwight makes us play that much harder. We came together and decided that we wanted to do it with this group and we can do with with this group, and we played a great game."  --  Magic forward  Ryan Anderson. THE STAT:  The Magic had two turnovers in the first half and only three by the time their lead reached 30 with 6:54 left in the third quarter. QUOTABLE II:  "When we don't turn the ball over and we're making shots and we're playing defense, we're tough. If we can put that altogether with Dwight and Turk ( Hedo Turkoglu ), we'll be a tough team to beat."  --   Magic center/forward Davis. TURNING POINT:  Detroit led, 12-10, when  Earl Clark  blocked  Greg Monroe's  dunk attempt. Orlando outscored the Pistons, 42-18, over the next 14 minutes. HOT:  The Magic made 15-of-28 shots from behind the 3-point arc. NOT:  The Piston starters shot 6-for-24 after the first quarter. QUOTABLE II:  "They played like a team with a purpose and they do; they still have a playoff spot. I thought we would come out and make it as difficult as possible and compete a little bit better, but we didn't do that."  --  Pistons guard  Ben Gordon . GOOD MOVE:  The Magic suspended point guard  Chris Duhon  for missing the morning shootaround. His minutes went to  Ish Smith , who sparked Orlando's second-quarter rally with four points and five assists. BAD MOVE:  Magic forward Clark got a double technical and automatic ejection with 7.5 seconds left in a 30-point blowout. IN THE ARENA:  Poster of the Night: "Dwight: Keep Stan, Fire Free Throw Instructor." FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  In his last five games, Davis averages 20.6 points and 12.2 rebounds. ROOKIE WATCH:  Pistons guard  Brandon Knight  had seven points and three assists in 28 minutes. NOTABLE:  Pistons guard  Rodney Stuckey  left the game at halftime with a sore left knee . . . Howard will travel with the Magic to Washington Tuesday, but might not play . . . Turkoglu is likely to miss the rest of the regular season after having surgery on a facial fracture. UP NEXT:  For the Pistons, Thursday @ Charlotte, Friday vs. Milwaukee, Sunday vs. Chicago. For the Magic, Tuesday @ Washington, Friday vs. Atlanta, Sunday @ Cleveland.  