  Notebook: Rockets 105, Spurs 85   By Matt Miller, for NBA.com Posted Thursday December 29, 2011 11:38PM THE FACTS:  The San Antonio Spurs struggled to hit shots, and an energetic Houston Rockets squad did not mind one bit. Kevin Martin  scored 25 points on 10-for-17 shooting,  Kyle Lowry  poured in 16 points to go with nine rebounds and eight assists, and  Luis Scola  netted 18 and grabbed five rebounds to lead the Rockets to a 105-85 thrashing of the Spurs in Houston's home-opener Thursday at Toyota Center. DeJuan Blair  (22 points, 12 rebounds) and  Tiago Splitter  (10 points, 11 rebounds) each posted a double-double to pace San Antonio, which was plagued by a 37.6 percent shooting effort. QUOTABLE:  "Our ability to sag in and rotate and get hands up and challenge shots, they [the players] can do it. They showed it tonight. They can challenge shots and be a good defensive team."  --  Rockets coach  Kevin McHale  on Houston's goal to become much better defensively this season. THE STAT:  Although the Spurs snatched 22 offensive rebounds, partially due to missing so many shots, they converted on only nine of those 22 second chances. TURNING POINT:  Houston created all the separation it needed with a 23-6 run over the final 8:41 of the first half, stretching a 30-29 advantage into a 53-35 lead at halftime. Fueled by Martin breaking out of his December shooting slump, solid team-rebounding defensively and great hustle by the second unit, the Rockets capitalized on San Antonio's bricks to blow the game wide open. QUOTABLE II:  "It's a typical case of regression to the mean. We played extremely good the first two games ... and today we were below expectations. ... We just mentally were not here. ... They just killed us. You got to be smart sometimes and just let it go."  --  Spurs guard  Manu Ginobili . HOT:  The trio of Lowry, Scola and Martin earned the privilege of resting for the entire fourth quarter after combining for 59 points on 24-for-39 (61.5 percent) shooting, 15 rebounds, 14 assists and four steals over the first three periods. NOT:  The Spurs found no rhythm from the outside, clanking wide-open 3-point attempts early before misfiring on less desirable long-range looks in the second quarter. San Antonio finished the game 2-for-17 (11.8 percent) from behind the arc, which included another off night from 3-point specialist  Matt Bonner  (1-for-3). GOOD MOVE:  Like the Spurs, the Rockets can generate plenty of offense from the perimeter. And after a rough 3-point shooting night in the season-opener followed by a 2-for-10 start to Thursday's game, Houston could have shied away from shooting treys. Instead, the Rockets continued to launch shots with confidence and made five of their next 10 attempts from downtown en route to building a 20-point lead. BAD MOVE:  The Spurs could have pounced on Houston early in the game, as the Rockets' sloppy defensive rotations gave San Antonio open looks at the basket on numerous occasions. But the Spurs' ball movement simply was not crisp enough, allowing Houston's defenders to close late and force missed shots. As the game progressed, the Spurs seemed increasingly reluctant to swing the ball around, finishing with only 12 assists on 35 buckets. NOTABLE:  Houston held the lead wire-to-wire, upping its advantage to as much as 25. ... Future Hall of Famer  Tim Duncan  sat out the entire second half after he was limited to four points on 1-for-8 shooting and one rebound in the first half. After the game, San Antonio coach  Gregg Popovich  said Duncan is not injured. ... Ginobili and  Tony Parker  also rested for most of the second half. ... Rookie forward  Chandler Parsons  netted the first points of his career on a drive to the hoop with 8.8 seconds left in the first period. Forward  Marcus Morris  also poured in his first career points with 5:48 left in the fourth. ... Houston has won 10 of its last 11 home-openers. ... The Spurs remain without reserve guard  Gary Neal  (appendectomy), but Popovich said he is guessing Neal will be back in "a week or so." ... Rockets forward  Patrick Patterson  also sat out of Thursday's game but said he is hopeful he can play Friday at Memphis. UP NEXT:  For the Spurs, Saturday vs. Utah, Monday @ Minnesota, Wednesday vs. Golden State. For the Rockets, Friday @ Memphis, Saturday vs. Atlanta, Tuesday @ L.A. Lakers.  