  Notebook: Nets 99, Cavaliers 96   By Brian Dulik, for NBA.com Posted Friday January 27, 2012 11:56PM THE FACTS:  Point guard  Deron Williams  collected 27 points and a game-high 10 assists as the New Jersey Nets led from wire-to-wire in a 99-96 victory over the Cleveland Cavaliers. Shooting guard  Anthony Morrow  added 22 points, while power forward  Kris Humphries  had 18 points and 11 rebounds for New Jersey, which won consecutive games for the first time since March 11-14, 2011. Rookie point guard  Kyrie Irving  led Cleveland with a career-best 32 points, but 21 of them came in the final 6:21 after the Nets built an 85-68 advantage. QUOTABLE:  "We wanted a winning streak bad -- and we got it tonight. It was a good team victory. Aside from that last couple of minutes of the game, we played really good basketball."   -- Nets point guard  Deron Williams THE STAT:  Williams recorded his fourth straight double-double and is averaging 24.0 points, 10.3 assists and 5.25 turnovers during that streak, while leading New Jersey to a 3-1 record. "My teammates have told me I have to score for us to be successful," the two-time NBA All-Star said. "I've been trying to do that early, and I got some good looks tonight." Williams had 10 points and five assists in the first quarter, accounting for 21 of the Nets' 30 points as they jumped in front by 10. TURNING POINT:  After power forward  Antawn Jamison  scored on a finger-roll to cut the Cavaliers' deficit to 36-33 with 3:47 left in the second quarter, New Jersey answered with 11 straight points. Center  Johan Petro  capped the run with a dunk, giving the Nets a 47-33 cushion that they largely maintained the rest of the way. "We got what we deserved," Cleveland coach  Byron Scott  said. "They played harder than we did for a longer period of time than we did. We lost the game, period." QUOTABLE II:  "We gave this game away. We were lacking a lot of energy tonight. We came out flat. I would trade an individual performance like this for a win any day."   -- Cavaliers point guard  Kyrie Irving HOT:  The Nets matched their road win total from the entire 2010-2011 season with five. They are 5-8 away from Prudential Center this winter. ... Humphries was a game-time decision with the stomach flu, but played 33 minutes and notched his eighth double-double of the season. "My stomach still really hurts, but I feel a lot better," he said, adding. "There are no excuses. We play a game. It's the best job in the world, just roll with it." ... Williams made five 3-pointers, one off his career high. ... Irving's 21 fourth-quarter points were three shy of the Cavaliers record for a period, set thrice by  LeBron James . He scored 17 points in the final 178 seconds. NOT:  The Cavaliers have lost five of their last six games after starting the season 6-6. "I don't know if guys thought we've arrived or we can't stand prosperity," said Scott, whose team fell to 3-4 at Quicken Loans Arena. ... Cleveland shooting guard  Daniel Gibson  missed all five of his shots off the bench, dropping his season field goal percentage to .339. ... Cavaliers small forward Omri Casspi badly airballed a 3-pointer and dribbled the basketball off his lower leg, directly to a fan seated courtside. ... Nets center  Shelden Williams  played 21 minutes before taking a shot, which came when he missed an uncontested dunk. QUOTABLE III:  "When Deron sees a rookie point guard, he's gonna go at his throat. He is just going to come at you, and if you don't accept the challenge, he is going to tear you up."   -- Cavaliers coach  Byron Scott GOOD MOVE:  Johnson kept Williams and fellow point guard  Jordan Farmar  on the court together for long stretches, keeping Cleveland's defense back on its heels. The aforementioned New Jersey duo combined for 38 points and 17 assists in 54 minutes. "(The Nets) are a way better team than when we played them before because they've got Jordan Farmar back," Irving said. BAD MOVE:  Cavaliers power forward  Tristan Thompson  returned after missing two games with a sprained left ankle, and was returned to his role as the team's sixth man by Scott. The rookie's timing was clearly off as he missed three of his first four shots, committed a defensive goaltending call, and was outplayed by New Jersey reserves Petro and  Shawne Williams . NOTABLE:  New Jersey only dressed 10 players because it did not have the services of centers  Brook Lopez  (broken right foot) and  Mehmet Okur  (back spasms), guard  MarShon Brooks  (left Achilles), and forwards  Damion James  (sore right foot) and  Jordan Williams  (NBA D-League assignment). ... Top overall draft pick Irving grew up in New Jersey as a Nets fan. ... The Nets' starting lineup was not called for a foul in the first half. ... New Jersey's last three-game winning streak came as part of a five-game run from March 4-14, 2011. UP NEXT:  For the Nets, Sunday vs. Toronto, Tuesday @ Indiana, Wednesday vs. Detroit. For the Cavaliers, Sunday @ Boston, Tuesday vs. Boston, Friday @ Orlando.  