Notebook: Spurs 86, Thunder 84 
 
 
 Tim Price, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Nov 02, 2012 6:02 AM - Updated Fri Nov 02, 2012 6:23 AM 
 
 THE FACTS :  Tony Parker  knocked down two long-range jumpers in the final 30 seconds, including a 21-footer over the outstretched hand of  Serge Ibaka  at the buzzer, to give the Spurs just enough to defeat Oklahoma City 86-84 in a rematch of the Western Conference Finals on Thursday at AT&T Center. 
 Parker, who scored 14 points and had 11 assists, hit a 3-pointer with 28.3 seconds to go that tied the game. His game winner was set up when  Kawhi Leonard  stole a pass from  Russell Westbrook  with seven seconds left. San Antonio is 2-0. 
 
 Kevin Durant  passed the 10,000-point mark in his career with 23 points. Westbrook added 18 and recently acquired  Kevin Martin  (he came over in the trade that sent  James Harden  to Houston) added 15 off the bench for OKC (0-1). 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I saw the rim (over Ibaka on the final shot), but I had to shoot fast. That team comes back at you, especially with Martin coming off the bench." 
--  Parker. 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Westbrook had as many turnovers (six) as he did shots made (6-of-21). Parker turned it over once compared to the 11 assists. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  After Durant and Westbrook returned from their last break on the bench with seven and a half minutes to go, they helped turn a six-point Spurs lead into a three-point Thunder advantage with 1:30 left on Westbrook's two free throws. But Westbrook made a lazy pass over to Durant near the top of the key that Leonard hustled out to deflect.  Tim Duncan  grabbed the loose ball and called timeout to get the clock to stop at 5.9 seconds and set up the final shot. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "Tony (Parker) made two great plays. The last shot, he still made a tough shot over Serge. That's not an easy hand to shoot over. We expect no matter who we throw out there -- and I thought K-Mart (Kevin Martin) did a great job -- we don't need time. We know how to play. We just play hard. " 
--  Thunder coach  Scott Brooks. 
 
 
 HOT:  Parker now has hit clutch 3-pointers on consecutive nights. His 3-pointer at New Orleans on Wednesday in the final 45 seconds was the go-ahead basket in the Spurs' 99-95 victory over the Hornets. 
 
 NOT : Westbrook went 3-of-15 from the floor after the first quarter. 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  In addition to his 23 points, Durant had 14 rebounds and five assists. Duncan has scored 20 points or more on consecutive nights. Two nights into the season Duncan is averaging 22 points and 9.5 rebounds. 
 I NSIDE THE ARENA:  The Spurs wore their new alternative uniforms. Rather than the usual home white, they have a dominant silvery gray tone and black and white piping and trim with no script on the front. Instead, the trademark spur is displayed. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  None of the rookies --  Jeremy Lamb  and  Perry Jones  of OKC and  Nando De Colo  of San Antonio -- played. 
 
 NOTABLE : Durant (age 24) became the second-youngest player behind  LeBron James  (age 23 in February 2008) to reach 10,000 career points. ... Duncan moved past  Charles Barkley  and into 17th place on the career rebounding list (12,544 coming in). ...Ibaka was called for a Flagrant 1 (pushing  Boris Diaw  under the basket) and shared a double technical (jawing with  Stephen Jackson  in the first half). ... The Spurs have begun their 40th season in San Antonio after starting as the Dallas Chaparrals in the ABA. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Thunder, Friday vs. Portland, Sunday vs. Atlanta, Tuesday vs. Toronto. For the Spurs, Saturday vs. Utah, Monday vs. Indiana, Wednesday @ L.A. Clippers. 
