  Knicks-Heat notebook   By Shandel Richardson, for NBA.com Posted Monday February 28, 2011 12:04AM THE FACTS:  The New York Knicks defeated the Miami Heat 91-86 Sunday at AmericanAirlines Arena. The Knicks rallied from a 15-point, first-half deficit, picking up their biggest win since acquiring  Carmelo Anthony  and  Chauncey Billups . Anthony led all scorers with 29 points while  Amar'e Stoudemire  added 16 points and 10 rebounds. Billups came up big in the fourth quarter, hitting the go-ahead 3-pointer late. He finished with 16 points. The Heat, who have lost two of three, were led by forward  LeBron James ' 27 points. Forward  Chris Bosh  scored 20 points and had 12 rebounds. QUOTABLE:  "This is our third game in a long process. We aren't there yet. Right now, we're a bunch of good individuals but to play together and play the way we need to play against good teams will take awhile."   -- Knicks coach  Mike D'Antoni THE STAT:  The Knicks shot 91 percent from the free throw line, making 21 of 23.  Shawne Williams  sank two in the closing seconds to seal the victory, moments after James missed a 3-pointer that would have tied the game. TURNING POINT:  The Heat led 51-36 and were headed toward another blowout when the Knicks made a strong charge just before halftime. Surprisingly, the Knicks were able to make the run with Carmelo Anthony resting on the sideline. Reserve  Bill Walker  hit a long 3-pointer at the buzzer to give New York momentum heading into the half. QUOTABLE II:  "What you hope is the pain of a game like this resonates enough to make a change. That's what we need to do. We need to get better with our execution in these type of games."   -- Heat coach  Erik Spoelstra HOT:  Anthony had his moments as he's clearly still adjusting to his new surroundings. At times, he and Stoudemire were on the same page and at others their struggles were evident. Still, Anthony was 10-for-22 and did enough to keep the Knicks in striking distance before eventually overcoming the Heat. NOT:  Wade got off to a strong start, but cooled as the game progressed. He finished just 5-for-15 from the field for 12 points. It was one of the few games this season where it appeared Wade wasn't part of the offense. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Despite his shooting woes, Wade still completed a stat-filled night. He was active on the glass, grabbing seven rebounds. He also had nine assists and three steals. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Cincinnati Bengals receiver  Chad Johnson , rapper  Lil Wayne , actor  Michael Clarke Duncan , filmmaker  Spike Lee , tennis player  Venus Williams , boxer  Floyd Mayweather . GOOD MOVE:  The Knicks put the ball in the hands of Billups down the stretch. Credit D'Antoni for allowing their most experience player to handle the pressure situation. Billups hit the big 3-pointer and also had a key steal. BAD MOVE:  At times, it appeared the Heat went away from Wade and relied too much on James. This was evident on the Heat's final possession. With plenty of time for others to touch the ball, the ball went to James, who missed a 3-pointer. On the previous possession, James drove the lane before being blocked by Stoudemire. ROOKIE WATCH:  Knicks guard  Landry Fields  struggled, going 1-for-8 from the field with five points. NOTABLE:  Heat forward  Mike Miller  played for the first time in four games. He was out with concussion-like symptoms and an ear infection. ... The Knicks started  Shawne Williams  at power forward instead of  Ronny Turiaf . The Heat had their seven-game home winning streak snapped. UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Thursday vs. Orlando, Friday @ San Antonio, Sunday vs. Chicago. For the Knicks, Tuesday @ Orlando, Wednesday vs. New Orleans, Friday vs. Cleveland.  