  Notebook: Pacers 106, Nets 99   By Conrad Brunner, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday January 31, 2012 11:32PM THE FACTS:  Anything but routine, the Indiana Pacers' 106-99 victory over the New Jersey Nets on Tuesday in Bankers Life Fieldhouse proved costly. Sixth man  George Hill  left in the third quarter after sustaining a chip fracture in his left ankle and will be out indefinitely.  Paul George  scored a career-high 24 and came up with a game-saving steal in the closing seconds while  Danny Granger  scored at least 20 for the fourth straight game with 21 as the Pacers (14-6) watched an 18-point fourth-quarter lead shrink to three. But the defense came up with stops on four of the Nets' final five possessions to preserve Indiana's ninth straight victory over New Jersey. The Nets (7-15) were led by  Deron Williams  with 34 and  Anthony Morrow  with a season-high 28. QUOTABLE:  "It's the NBA, leads are never safe. They've got one of the best players in the world with Deron Williams and they will keep coming at you."    -- Pacers coach  Frank Vogel THE STAT:  In two games against the Nets this season, George has totaled 45 points on 16-for-21 shooting (76.2 percent), 9-for-11 (81.8 percent) from the 3-point line. TURNING POINT:  After building a 97-79 lead, the Pacers went flat, missing six in a row as Morrow heated up, making three 3-pointers in a 16-1 run that cut the lead to 98-95.  Roy Hibbert  scored inside to make it a five-point game. After Williams drove to make it 102-99 with 1:07 remaining, the Nets appeared to get a critical stop when  Darren Collison  missed a tough attempt late in he shot clock. But Granger sailed out of bounds to save the loose ball to Hibbert, who was fouled and hit one free throw with 35 seconds left to make it a two-possession game. On the ensuing possession, George stripped Williams on the way to the hoop to close the door. QUOTABLE II:  "As we can see by the numbers, we outrebounded them 43-34 and we outshot them 52-47, which should be a win and it was. We picked up the defensive effort and just turned it up. This is a little bit different than what we would have done last year. "    -- George HOT:  Williams and Morrow were the New Jersey offense, combining for 62 points on 20-for-37 shooting (54.1 percent), including 9-for-17 (52.9) from the 3-point line. NOT:  New Jersey got just 21 points and 17 rebounds from its starting frontcourt of  Shawne Williams ,  Kris Humphries  and  Shelden Williams , compared to 45 points and 26 rebounds from Indiana's triumvirate of Granger, Hibbert and  David West . QUOTABLE III:  "You don't want to get down 18 points and have to try to fight back, especially against a good team like this. That's hard to do. We battled back and cut it to three, I think, but just weren't able to get over that hump."   -- Williams GOOD MOVE:  With Collison in foul trouble and Williams coming off a 17-point first half, Vogel assigned the 6-foot-9 George to defend the New Jersey point guard. George, who did a creditable job against MVP  Derrick Rose  of Chicago in the playoffs, disrupted Williams' rhythm as Indiana's defense fueled a 17-3 third-quarter run that built a 78-66 lead. The Nets committed nine turnovers in the quarter. BAD MOVE:  Young Indiana guard  Lance Stephenson  committed a costly fourth quarter turnover when, rather than bringing the ball upcourt, he fired a pass toward Granger -- who wasn't expecting it, and the ball winged out of bounds. IN THE ARENA:  This being Super Bowl week in Indianapolis, there was no shortage of famous faces in the crowd, including Giants running back  Brandon Jacobs  and receivers  Mario Manningham  and  Hakeem Nicks , Patriots receiver  Deion Branch , IndyCar CEO  Randy Bernard , former major league pitching legend  Tommy John , actor/comedian  Mike Epps , Jaguars running back  Maurice Jones-Drew , Colts receiver  Reggie Wayne , ESPN announcers  Ron Jaworski  and  Merrill Hoge , former Dallas Cowboys boss  Gil Brandt ,  Big Head Todd  (no word on  the   Monsters ), Colts scout and former Indy Car driver  A.J. Foyt IV , New York Jets tight end  Dustin Keller  and members of the rock band  Fuel . NOTABLE:  Hibbert (18 points, 14 rebounds) had his ninth double-double. ... Indiana has topped 100 points and 50 percent shooting two games in a row. ... Indiana had a 42-26 advantage on points in the paint and tied a season high with 26 assists. ... The Pacers played their first game in retro uniforms, using the road blue replicas from the 1971-74 ABA seasons. They'll wear them again tomorrow night in Minnesota. ...  MarShon Brooks  (broken toe) missed the game for the Nets and is not expected to play tomorrow against Detroit. He will be re-evaluated later this week. ...  Mehmet Okur  (back spasms),  Damion James  (right foot surgery),  DeShawn Stevenson  (sore right knee) and  Brook Lopez  (broken right foot) also missed the game as the Nets had just 10 players in uniform. ... Shawne Williams got his first start of the season at small forward against the team that drafted him No. 17 overall in 2006. ... Indiana was without  Jeff Foster  (lower back) for the eighth consecutive game and he is expected to miss the rest of this week. UP NEXT:  For the Pacers, Wednesday @ Minnesota, Friday @ Dallas, Saturday vs. Orlando. For the Nets, Wednesday vs. Detroit, Friday vs. Minnesota, Saturday @ New York.  