Notebook: Magic 97, Pacers 86 
 
 
 Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Jan 16, 2013 11:19 PM - Updated Wed Jan 16, 2013 11:19 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:   Nikola Vucevic  put up his eighth straight double-double with 16 points and 15 rebounds, leading the Orlando Magic to a 97-86 victory over the Indiana Pacers. 
 Vucevic,  Glen Davis  and  J.J. Redick  got hot late in the first quarter and started a big rally that put the Magic up by 17 points before the end of the half. They led by as many as 22 before winning for only the second time in 13 games. 
 Davis, starting for the first time since spraining his left shoulder on Dec. 19, scored 11 points in 25 minutes, joining four teammates in double figures. 
 
 Paul George  scored a game-high 20 points for the Pacers, who were playing their fourth game in five days. 
 
 THE STAT:  The Magic made 10 of their first 16 3-point shots and finished 12-of-21 (57 percent) against the best 3-point defending team in the NBA. Meanwhile the Pacers made only two of 17 from behind the arc. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I just thought they came out and got what they wanted. They moved the ball well and had us on our heels most of the night. We didn't defend the three-point line well enough. We didn't defend them in terms of getting them out of their flow." 
 -- Pacers forward  David West . 
 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Indiana led, 15-8, with 4:49 left in the first quarter when Davis converted a three-point play, starting a 32-8 run over the next 11 minutes that left Orlando with a 17-point lead. The Pacers never again got the lead under double digits until the final minute. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I played 25 minutes? Felt like 50 minutes. (In the) second half the rust started to come. I felt the rust. I got out of the excitement mode and more into the rust. Got to get back to work." 
 -- Davis 
 
 
 HOT:  Redick nailed four 3-pointers in six tries, including three bombs during the Magic's big rally. 
 
 NOT:  After making six of their first 11 shots, the Pacers scored only 35 points in the first half. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  After calling a foul and signaling for the ball to stay under Indiana's basket early in the second half, referee  Haywoode Workman  proclaimed: "I'm sorry. I made a mistake." He pointed the other way, having called a foul on Pacers center  Roy Hibbert . It's difficult to argue with someone who admits his mistake. 
 
 BAD MOVE:   Tyler Hansbrough  of the Pacers and  Andrew Nicholson  of the Magic got into a knock-down wrestling duel in the fourth quarter. Both players probably should have been ejected after drawing double personal fouls twice in a span of 65 seconds. 
 
 IN THE ARENA:  Nelson was honored before the game for having moved ahead of  Scott Skiles  as Orlando's all-time assists leader.  
 After six more assists against the Pacers, the nine-year veteran has 2,822. 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Vucevic has had nine or more rebounds in 17 straight games and is now third in the league with an 11.2 average. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Nicholson tied an NBA record with six fouls in the fourth quarter. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "(Nicholson) is learning about the the NBA. I can't teach those lessons in practice. He's learning how to play versus an extremely physical guy, learning how to fight adversity and how to play with referees on the floor, how to play with poise ... hopefully it'll make him a better ballplayer." 
 -- Magic coach  Jacque Vaughn 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  Although the Pacers beat them in a five-game playoff series last spring, the Magic have won nine of the last 10 regular-season meetings. ... The 57 percent shooting from 3-point range was the Magic's best since the second game of the season. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Pacers: Friday vs. Houston, Monday @ Memphis, Wednesday @ Portland. For the Magic: Friday vs. Charlotte, Sunday vs. Dallas, Tuesday @ Detroit. 
