  Trail Blazers-Nets notebook   By Jake Appleman, for NBA.com Posted Sunday November 28, 2010 11:35PM THE FACTS:  The New Jersey Nets rebounded from a fourth quarter meltdown in Philadelphia on Saturday night to defeat the Portland Trail Blazers, 98-96, at Prudential Center.  Devin Harris  (25 points, 8 assists, only 12 field goal attempts) and the three-headed power forward monster of  Kris Humphries ,  Derrick Favors  and  Troy Murphy  efficiently paced the Nets.  Wesley Matthews,   Brandon Roy  and  LaMarcus Aldridge  all finished with 20-plus points for the Blazers, who led 62-50 early in the third quarter. QUOTABLE:  "We were calm. I didn't want to raise my voice; they got enough of that this morning."   --  Nets coach  Avery Johnson , referencing the comeback and an early shootaround that apparently included a bit of a tongue lashing THE STAT:  Humphries, Favors and Murphy combined for 24 points and 14 rebounds on 9-10 from the field. TURNING POINT:  With 4:30 remaining in the third quarter, Harris drained a pull-up 3-pointer in transition to tie the game at 64-64. The bucket, a low-percentage shot against the run of play, punctuated a 14-2 run and signaled the onset of another nip and tuck affair at The Rock; with Portland seemingly rounding into form despite injuries, and the Nets down double digits just four minutes earlier, the home team could have folded. QUOTABLE II:  "I still don't feel like I played at my max. I mean, I started out pretty good, but then they ran the double team at me, so it's kind of like I still can't find my rhythm. So I still gotta find niches 'cause they're not gonna let me catch it midrange no more."   --  Travis Outlaw , not taking the bait and choosing to harp on his own struggles when asked if icing the game with two free throws against his former team felt extra special HOT:  Aside from two frighteningly easily 3-pointers after things were all but locked up, Matthews (25 points, 9-14 from the field) sank big shot after big shot for the Blazers. NOT:  Before those clutch freebies, Outlaw (7 points, 2-9 from the field, 5 fouls) had a quiet night on the offensive end against his former team. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:   Troy Murphy  (four points in 9:54 of game action) was activated. Murphy played well in his limited minutes, and early in the second quarter he was featured in a unit that boasted Harris as its only other viable go-to option. INSIDE THE ARENA:   Kim Kardashian  sat courtside...Sly performed a routine with female and male Nets cheerleaders, set to De La Soul's "Me Myself and I"...Daddy Yankee's "Gasolina" played after a top-of-the-key jumper from  Johan Petro . This has been a Prudential Center staple, and it's probably safe--or unsafe depending on your opinion--to assume that this has something to do with fossil fuel puns... Trey Songz  urged Nets fans to make some noise on the Jumbotron. Led by  Anthony Morrow  (3-6), the Nets shot 7-14 from three...Rapper  Memphis Bleek  also appeared on the Jumbotron, noting that the "Roc is in the building." Nets minority owner Jay-Z, head of Roc Nation, was not seated courtside adjacent to the Nets bench. ROOKIE WATCH:  Favors was active around the rim in the second half, finishing with five field goals attempts, five rebounds, two dunks, one putback layup, and one attempted dunk that led to two free throws in exactly twelve minutes of action. NOTABLE:  The Nets are now 5-2 when Harris scores at least 20 points. The two losses came at home against the Magic (91-90) and on the road in Boston (89-83) ... Aldridge (9, points, 3 rebounds, 2 fouls) started out the first quarter aggressively, but his production tapered off; interesting because of the Blazers' lack of frontcourt depth ... At 6:47 in the third quarter Humphries forced a 24-second violation with two blocked shots. He had four blocks on the night. Had Morrow not fouled Matthews late in the third quarter, it would have been five ... Roy swished a midrange stepback at halftime, giving Portland a 52-44 lead. Roy was 6-8 from the field for 15 points at that point. Many of Roy's makes on the night were typical for him, but still dazzling conversions to behold ... Johnson mentioned in his postgame press conference that East Coast-based back-to-backs with short commuting distances in between games--like Philadelphia to Newark--are easier to handle. UP NEXT:  For the Trail Blazers, Tuesday @ Philadelphia, Wednesday @ Boston, Friday @ Washington. For the Nets, Tuesday @ New York, Wednesday vs. Oklahoma City, Friday @ Charlotte.  