Notebook: Warriors 105, Pistons 97 
 
 
 Geoff Lepper, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Thu Mar 14, 2013 1:57 AM - Updated Thu Mar 14, 2013 1:57 AM 
 
 THE FACTS:  Stephen Curry  celebrated his new status as the Golden State Warriors' all-time single-season leader in 3-pointers by dropping five more treys -- part of a 31-point night -- during a 105-97 victory against the Detroit Pistons on Wednesday night. 
 
 David Lee  had 20 points, 15 rebounds and five assists as the Warriors (37-29) moved three games clear of the eighth-place Lakers (34-32) in the Western Conference standings. 
 With  Brandon Knight  held out due to a sprained ankle,  Rodney Stuckey  started in Detroit's backcourt and totaled 22 points, just his third 20-point game this season. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "Overall, [I'm] very pleased with the way we got after ie, the way we defended, the way we competed and executed on the offensive end. Unselfish basketball."  
 -- Warriors coach  Mark Jackson 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Warriors went 41-for-72 from the field (56.9 percent), and only missed one shot in the final seven minutes of play -- a 3-point attempt hoisted by  Jarrett Jack  only because the shot clock was about to expire.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  Detroit scored nine straight points to bridge the last two quarters, drawing within 80-77 at the 10:41 mark of the fourth. Jackson, who gave his second unit too much rope in the first half, reacted more quickly this time, calling timeout to get Lee and  Andrew Bogut  back on the floor earlier than planned. Golden State quickly ripped off an 8-2 burst to reassert control. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "There's nothing like having guys who've been and understand what it takes to win. . . . I thought it was important for us to put them away when we could. . . . I didn't want to give a team that we were better than life."  
 -- Mark Jackson on getting Bogut and Lee back into the game in the fourth quarter 
 
 
 HOT:  Jarrett Jack stayed after the Warriors' game Monday to put in extra shooting work after dropping his March shooting percentage to 28.9 percent, 23.5 percent on 3-pointers. The efforts paid off when Jack gashed Detroit's defense for 19 points and five assists off the bench. 
 
 HOTTER:  Curry took possession of the Warriors' single-season record for 3-pointers when he rained a half-dozen against New York on Monday, although the achievement was overlooked in all the talk about Golden State's defense allowing its fewest points in just shy of 60 years. Wednesday, he drained his first two 3-pointers -- both pull-ups -- to become the first Warrior ever to reach 200 treys in a season; over his last nine games, Curry is 42-for-79 (53.2 percent) behind the arc. Assuming he misses no more time due to injury, Curry is on pace to reach 255 3-pointers this season, which would put him fourth on the NBA's list of single-season totals, behind  Ray Allen  (269, 2005-06 Seattle),  Dennis Scott  (267, 1995-96 Orlando) and  George McCloud  (257, 1995-96 Dallas). 
 
 NOT:  Detroit center  Greg Monroe  went 4-for-16, even as the Pistons scored 50 points in the paint on the night. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "I think personally, I have to do a better job. Shooting 4-for-16 can't happen for me. It's not like I'm shooting a lot of jump shots or chucking up 3s. I have to do a better job than that."  
 -- Greg Monroe 
 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Warriors forward  Harrison Barnes  had four dunks out of six buckets, including three in the first seven minutes of the second half. The North Carolina product was matched up a former college rival, Duke's  Kyle Singler , leading Jackson to quip, "I wish [Barnes] could play against a Duke guy every night." 
 
 NOTABLE: Jason Maxiell , returning to the lineup after a one-game absence due to a sprained ankle, returned to grab a season-high 14 rebounds for the Pistons. . . . Bogut played a season-high 32 minutes for the Warriors, with 10 rebounds, seven points, four assists, three blocks and two steals. . . . Detroit failed to block a shot for the first time since Feb. 28, 2012. . . . Warriors rookie forward  Draymond Green  suffered a sprained left ankle early in the second quarter and did not return. The team had no immediate pronouncement on his status. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Pistons, Saturday @ Portland, Monday vs. Brooklyn, Friday @ Miami. For the Warriors, Friday vs. Chicago, Sunday @ Houston, Monday @ New Orleans. 
