Notebook: Clippers 109, Knicks 95 
 
 
 Adam Zagoria, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Jan 17, 2014 10:58 PM - Updated Fri Jan 17, 2014 11:32 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Knicks dropped to 7-13 at home as they opened an eight-game homestand. 
 
 THE LEAD: Blake Griffin  went off for 32 points and seven rebounds and  Jamal Crawford  scored 29 points off the bench against his former team as the Los Angeles Clippers won their fifth straight with a 109-95 victory over the New York Knicks at Madison Square Garden. 
 
 J.J. Redick  and  Darren Collison  scored 12 points apiece for the Clippers (28-13) and  DeAndre Jordan  notched a double-double of 11 points and 16 boards. 
 For the Knicks (15-25),  Carmelo Anthony  went for 26 points and 20 rebounds despite shooting 4-for-23 from the field. He was a perfect 16-for-16 from the line. 
 
 J.R. Smith  added 24 points off the bench and  Tyson Chandle r posted a double-double of 12 points and 14 rebounds. 
 The Knicks have lost three straight. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "Nobody's really trying to do too much and that's really what you need when somebody like CP  [Chris Paul]  goes down because you always worry about somebody trying to replace him. I think from Day 1, we've said we can't replace him. Everybody has to elevate their game."  
 --  Blake Griffin 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Anthony posted his fifth game of 15-plus rebounds this season. His 20-rebound game is the second of his career and his first since recording 22 rebounds against the Suns in 2010. In his previous 713 career games, he had only six 15-rebound games. 
 
 THE STAT II:  The two teams combined to go 15-for-53 from beyond the arc. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Clippers used a 12-0 third-quarter run to help outscore the Knicks 26-17 in the period, turning a 50-50 halftime tie into a 76-67 advantage. Griffin scored eight points in the period. The Clippers outscored the Knicks 59-45 in the second half. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "He's been great, he really has. It's been all year. He's doing everything, he's rebounding, we put him on Carmelo down the stretch. He's doing everything a coach could ask him to do and he's leading as well." 
 -- Clippers coach  Doc Rivers  on Griffin 
 
 
 WHO'S HOT:  Griffin has scored 20-plus points in his last four games, putting up 29, 33, 23 and 32.  
 
 WHO'S NOT:   Raymond Felton  and  Iman Shumpert  combined for five points on 2-for-12 shooting for the Knicks. Shumpert went 0-for-4 and did not score. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "They struggled. They had a tough night. Somehow either I gotta change the lineup or we just gotta get our starting five clicking. ... Ray and Iman, they can't have games like this."  
 -- Knicks coach  Mike Woodson  on his backcourt 
 
 
 QUOTABLE IV:  "We haven't tied his hands. He's gotten the minutes [to produce]."  
 --  Mike Woodson  on Shumpert  
 
 
 NOTABLE:  After MRIs were conducted on both players,  Kenyon Martin  and  Amar'e Stoudemire  will each miss at least two weeks with sprained left ankles, Woodson said, adding that  Cole Aldrich  and  Jeremy Tyler  will "have to play some now." Tyler played 14 minutes against the Clippers and contributed six points and two rebounds. 
 
 NOTABLE II:  Only two of the eight teams the Knicks will face on this homestand have winning records: the Clippers and the Miami. 
 
 QUOTABLE V:  "It's tough because my whole mindset when I took over this team was trying to establish something here at home in front of your home fans. And we have had a lot of slippage in that area. ... But again we still have seven more home games on this stretch and we gotta try to win them all before this things slips away. We still have a shot at that eighth spot as well as winning the division, but we gotta start winning here at home." 
 -- Mike Woodson 
 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA: Antrel Rolle ,  Kelly Rutherford  and  Chris Cornell  sat courtside. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Monday vs. Brooklyn, Wednesday vs. Philadelphia, Friday vs. Charlotte For the Clippers, Saturday @ Indiana, Monday @ Detroit, Wednesday @ Charlotte. 
