  Timberwolves-Bobcats notebook   By Derek S. Smith, for NBA.com Posted Monday November 15, 2010 11:05PM THE FACTS:   Gerald Wallace  and  Stephen Jackson  scored 26 points each as the Charlotte Bobcats rallied from a nine-point deficit in the fourth quarter for a 113-110 win over the Minnesota Timberwolves Monday night at Time Warner Cable Arena.  Tyrus Thomas  added 20 points and 10 rebounds for the Bobcats while  Michael Beasley  had a game-high 28 points to lead the Timberwolves. QUOTABLE:  "I feel real confident in myself and I know what I can do. At the beginning of games I can see how much guys are going to let me get away with. I saw they didn't want to guard me and Gerald (Wallace) and that we could probably get anything we wanted on offense."  --  Jackson THE STAT:  Minnesota committed just seven turnovers in the first three quarters of the game, but had four in the final quarter. Despite his 28 points, Michael Beasley committed two turnovers in the final minute of play which lead directly to three Bobcats points. TURNING POINT:  Beasley was stripped by Jackson with 52.9 seconds left and  D.J.Augustin  scored off that turnover to give the Bobcats their first lead since the 10:25 of the fourth. QUOTABLE II:  "We play better when we get the ball to the basket. When we do that it ususally opens up our outside shots and that was the case for us tonight."  -- Charlotte coach  Larry Brown HOT:  Beasley. The Minnesota forward scored 28 on Monday and is averaging 32.5 points over his last four contests while connecting on 54.5 percent of his shots. He averaged just 14.7 points in his first seven games with the Timberwolves. FANTASY SPOTLIGHTS:  Charlotte guard Jackson scored 26 points on 9-for-16 shooting, including five of his six 3-point attempts. He also added three assists, two rebounds a steal and was perfect from the free-throw line.  Thomas registered 20 points on an efficient 8-for-11 shooting night. He also added 10 rebounds, four blocks and two steals. ROOKIE WATCH:  Minnesota guard  Wesley Johnson  got another start Monday night and netted four points, grabbed two rebounds, dished out four assists and blocked two shots while fellow rookie  Lazar Hayward  was whistled for three fouls in just six minutes of action. Charlotte guard  Sherron Collins  saw eight minutes of action and registered one assist. NOTABLE:  Charlotte forward  Kwame Brown  made his Bobcats debut at the 3:02 mark of the first quarter. He finished the game with three blocked shots, three points and three rebounds in 11 minutes of action. The Timberwolves have now lost 44 of their last 50 games.  Gerald Wallace  made more free throws than the Timberwolves did as a team. Wallace was 17-for-19 and Minnesota made 15 of its 23 attempts. The 17 makes by Wallace also set a franchise record for made free throws. D.J. Augustin tied his career high in assists with 11 and committed just one turnover. Timberwolves center Darko Milicic recorded his first double-double of the season with 13 points and 12 rebounds and tied his career-high for assists with five. Minnesota forward  Kevin Love  recorded his sixth game this season with at least 20 points. UP NEXT:  For the Timberwolves, Wednesday vs. L.A. Clippers, Friday vs. L.A. Lakers, Monday @ Oklahoma City. For the Bobcats, Friday @ Miami, Saturday vs. Phoenix, Tuesday @ New York.  