  Notebook: Magic 109, Wizards 103   By Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday February 1, 2012 11:10PM THE FACTS:  The Magic broke loose with a 40-point fourth quarter in a 109-103 victory over the Washington Wizards, who proved to be the cure for Orlando's four-game losing streak. Ryan Anderson  scored 23 points and  Dwight Howard  and  J.J. Redick  added 21 each for the Magic, who shot 11-for-19 in the fourth quarter. Nick Young  scored a game-high 24 points for the Wizards, who have not won a road game against a winning team since April 9, 2010. QUOTABLE:  "I've been telling J.J. to stay aggressive coming off screens and looking for his shot. It's a great shot; don't waste it. Just let it fly."   -- Magic center Dwight Howard. THE STAT:  The Magic shot 39 free throws (making 30) while the Wizards shot only nine (making seven). QUOTABLE II:  "We've got nine guys playing under rookie contracts, and right now they're not getting the respect, but if we keep playing as hard as we play, night in and night out, we'll eventually get calls. Tonight . . . that's hard to overcome."   -- Wizards coach  Randy Wittman . TURNING POINT:  Back-to-back 3-pointers by  Chris Duhon  and  Von Wafer  pulled the Magic away from a 71-71 tie and opened a 14-4 run in the fourth quarter. HOT:  J.J. Redick, starting for the injured  Jason Richardson , scored 21 points while taking only seven field-goal attempts. NOT:  Washington point guard  John Wall  shot 1-for-12 and scored two points in 32 minutes. GOOD MOVE:  Backcourt pressure produced several Magic turnovers in a 22-5 run that gained the Wizards a six-point lead in the first half. QUOTABLE:  "I can't see a team that won't [press]. We're struggling with it very badly, and when you're doing that, we'll see the same thing until we get it solved."   -- Magic coach  Stan Van Gundy . BAD MOVE:  Upset at a non-call in the third quarter, Dwight Howard smashed the ball down hard on the court at the feet of referee  Scott Wall , drawing his sixth technical foul of the season IN THE ARENA:  Chants of "TRADE Dwight HOW-ard!" greeted the Magic center while he was at the foul line late in the game, but they were drowned out by chants of "Let's Go Magic!" ROOKIE WATCH:   Shelvin Mack  came off the Wizards bench for a career-high 12 points in 16 minutes. NOTABLE:  The Magic released veteran guard  Larry Hughes  after the game . . . The Magic have not lost five straight since January of 2007 . . . The Wizards' only road victory of the season came at Charlotte on Saturday night. They have not won two straight road games since Nov. 27 and Dec. 1 in 2009 . . . Magic guard  Jameer Nelson  missed his third straight game with concussion-like symptoms, and he will miss at least one more.skiens . . .  Kevin Seraphin  matched his career-high with 12 points, helping the Wizards to a 51-21 advantage in bench scoring. UP NEXT:  For the Wizards, Friday @ Toronto, Saturday vs. L.A. Clippers, Monday vs. Toronto. For the Magic, Friday vs. Cleveland, Saturday @ Indiana, Monday vs. L.A. Clippers.  