  Notebook: Grizzlies 113, Kings 96   By Marlon W. Morgan, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday January 3, 2012 11:56PM THE FACTS: Sam Young , normally the Grizzlies small forward, filled in as a backup power forward in the absence of  Zach Randolph,  who was out with a knee injury, and helped lead the Memphis Grizzlies to a 113-96 win over the Sacramento Kings. Young, who played power forward at Pittsburgh, scored 20 points and had seven rebounds as the Grizzlies improved to 2-3. QUOTABLE:  "You have to play team basketball in order to win. If you try to do it by yourself or try some other stuff, then you cannot win. This is not tennis. This is not golf. This is basketball -- five on five. There are seven guys on the bench waiting to get in and help the team win."    -- Grizzlies center  Marc Gasol THE STAT:  Even without Randolph, the Grizzlies outscored Sacramento 72-46 in the paint. Part of the reason was the Grizzlies' ability to get out and run. They scored 21 points on fastbreak points. TURNING POINT:  After squandering a 17-point lead in the second quarter, the Grizzlies jumped on Sacramento in the third quarter, outscoring the Kings 35-18. In that quarter, Sacramento made just six of 23 field goals (26.1 percent), while the Grizzlies connected on 15 of 24 (62.5 percent) to open up an 87-68 lead heading into the final quarter. HOT:  Grizzlies forward  Rudy Gay  broke out of his early-season slump to score a season-high 23 points. Gay, who entered the game shooting 35 percent, was 10-for-16 from the field. He also hauled in eight rebounds. Joining Gay was guard  O.J. Mayo , who was only shooting 37 percent. Against the Kings, Mayo scored a season-high 16 points on 8-for-11 shooting. NOT:  Normally a handful for the Grizzlies to contain, Sacramento guard  Tyreke Evans  was just 4-for-11 from the floor, scoring just nine points. That was after a season-high, 27-point effort against New Orleans on Sunday. NOTABLE:  Grizzlies guard  Mike Conley  was back in action for the first time since injuring his ankle in the team's home opener against Oklahoma City on Dec. 28. Conley came off the bench and scored 14 points while dishing out seven assists and swiping four steals. ... Sacramento center  DeMarcus Cousins  returned after being sent home for Sunday's game against New Orleans. Cousins came off the bench and played 22 minutes, scoring four points to go with eight rebounds. ... Rookie guard  Jimmer Fredette  led the Kings with a career-high 17 points. Fredette was 6-for-12 from the floor, including 4-for-6 from 3-point range. Fellow rookie guard  Isaiah Thomas  was right behind with a career-high 15 points to go with five rebounds and three assists in just 16 minutes. ... Gasol picked up his second double-double of the season with 14 points and 15 rebounds. QUOTABLE II:  "I can shoot it from that type of range. I had it in college. It's not too bad to have to adjust to that. There's a lot more space, and it's a lot more open defensively and offensively. Still, it is a farther 3."    -- Fredette on adjusting to the NBA 3-point line UP NEXT:  For the Kings, Wednesday @ Denver, Thursday vs. Milwaukee, Sunday vs. Orlando. For the Grizzlies, Wednesday @ Minnesota, Friday @ Utah, Sunday @ Los Angeles Lakers.  