  Notebook: Magic 107, Trail Blazers 104   By Kerry Eggers, for NBA.com Posted Thursday January 12, 2012 2:23AM THE FACTS: J.J. Redick  sank four straight free throws in the final 16.5 seconds to cement the Magic's 107-104 victory over the Trail Blazers on Wednesday night at the Rose Garden. Portland had cut a 23-point third-quarter deficit to two points in the closing seconds. Redick came off the bench to lead seven scorers in double figures for Orlando (7-3) with 17 points while  Dwight Howard  had 13 points and 13 rebounds. Reserve  Jamal Crawford  scored a season-high 24 points off the bench to lead Portland (7-3). QUOTABLE:  "Our ball movement was the best it has been this year. Our energy was outstanding. I was really happy with what we did in the first half."    -- Orlando coach  Stan Van Gundy , on the Magic building a 62-50 halftime lead THE STAT:  Orlando was 16-for-27 from 3-point range -- 11 for 18 in the first half. The Magic made seven of their first nine attempts from beyond the arc. TURNING POINT:  Orlando's 23-point third-quarter lead had shrunk to three at 96-93 inside three minutes to go when  Hedo Turkoglu  scored on back-to-back possessions -- a driving layup and a 3-pointer -- to push the Magic ahead 101-93. "We were dying, and we went to him twice and ended up with five points," Van Gundy said. "Huge. Those were the game-winners right there." QUOTABLE II:  "They started out on fire. They pretty much got what they wanted. (Dwight) Howard was deep in the post. The plan was to get him off the block, play him straight up and stick with their 3-point shooters. We lost those guys and they knocked down every mistake we made."    -- Portland coach  Nate McMillan HOT:  Orlando shot 58.6 percent from the field and 59.3 percent from 3-point range. The Magic made 17 of their first 23 shots from the field. NOT:  Howard was 3-for-12 at the foul line and Orlando was 9-for-19 at the stripe. QUOTABLE III:  "When we show heart like that, there are good things in the team's future. We didn't throw in the towel. We continued to fight."    -- Crawford GOOD MOVE:  Orlando led 102-99 and inbounded the ball with 32.1 seconds left. Portland trapped  Jason Richardson  and  Nicolas Batum  fouled him with 28.8 seconds left. Richardson made one of two foul shots and the Blazers didn't score again until  LaMarcus Aldridge  drilled a 3-pointer with 2.9 seconds left for the game's final points. Critics say the Blazers shouldn't have fouled in a one-possession game, but the Magic could have played the game clock down to eight seconds. Even if they'd not scored, Portland would have needed a three just to tie. BAD MOVE:  The Blazers did a poor job rotating out to 3-point shooters. It was the biggest factor in the outcome. NOTABLE:  It was the first home loss for the Blazers, who won their first six games at the Rose Garden and now venture on the road for a six-game trip. UP NEXT:  For the Blazers, Friday @ San Antonio, Saturday @ Houston, Monday @ New Orleans. For the Magic, Thursday @ Golden State, Monday @ New York, Tuesday vs. Charlotte  