Notebook: Bobcats 108, Pistons 101 
 
 
 Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Jan 06, 2013 11:59 PM - Updated Sun Jan 06, 2013 11:59 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:  Point guard  Kemba Walker  had 20 points, including four in overtime and the game-tying shot in regulation, as the Charlotte Bobcats won for just the second time in 21 games 108-101 over the Detroit Pistons on Sunday.  Ben Gordon , traded to Charlotte during the offseason after three seasons with the Pistons, had 18 points in his return to The Palace.  Ramon Sessions  added 15 points and  Bismack Biyombo  contributed 10 points and 17 rebounds.  Tayshaun Prince's  21 points led Detroit, which had its four-game winning streak snapped.  Greg Monroe  had 18 points and 14 rebounds and  Rodney Stuckey  contributed 18 points. 
 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I look forward to every game. There's no hard feelings leaving here. They gave me a chance to come in and play the game I love. Things didn't really work out around here and I have another opportunity where I'm still doing what I love, so it's all good." --  Gordon on his return to Detroit. 
 
 
 
 THE STAT:  2-12. Gordon claimed the victory was just another game to him but he had never previously defeated his former team until this season. After leaving the Bulls and signing a five-year contract with the Pistons in 2009, Detroit and Gordon lost all 12 matchups against Chicago before he was dealt to Charlotte along with a future first-round pick for  Corey Maggette.  Gordon quickly got a measure of revenge against Detroit. The Bobcats' other victory during the last 21 games was against his first team as they defeated the Bulls on New Year's Eve, 91-81.  
 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Pistons led 58-43 with 4:48 remaining in the first half and were shooting over 70 percent at that point. Charlotte seized some momentum by finishing the half on a 16-2 run that Walker finished off with two layups. The game was tight the rest of the way. 
 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We definitely have to put a game like this away. We had them on the ropes at home, and we need to get as many wins as possible."  --  Pistons guard  Will Bynum  after his team lost for the ninth time after leading a game by double digits. 
 
 
 
 HOT:  Biyombo's rebounding total (17) was a career high. His previous best was 15 against Orlando on March 6 last season as a rookie. He grabbed seven of his rebounds Sunday at the offensive end. That helped the Bobcats scored 25 second-chance points.  
 
 
 NOT:  Detroit reserve  Austin Daye  had season highs of 13 and then 20 points in its last two games. Daye was a non-factor against Charlotte, going scoreless in 11 minutes while attempting just one shot. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH: Andre Drummond  had 10 points and six rebounds for the Pistons while  Michael Kidd-Gilchrist  had 11 points and eight rebounds for the Bobcats. Charlotte forward  Jeff Taylor  added six points but struggled to contain Prince in the early going.  
 
 
 NOTABLE:  The Bobcats are 3-1 in overtime, while the Pistons are 0-3. ... Detroit swept the four-game series last season and is 11-4 all-time at home against Charlotte. The teams play three more times this season. ... Gordon has four games with at least 25 points off the bench this season. Only New York's  J.R. Smith  (five) has more as a reserve. ... Detroit is 1-15 when it gets outscored in the paint. The Bobcats had a 56-48 advantage in that area. ... The Pistons, who have played more games than any Eastern Conference team, get a four-day break and only have three games the next 13 days. ... The Pistons scored a season-high 60 first-half points. ... The teams had a combined five players from the University of Connecticut -- the Pistons' Drummond and  Charlie Villanueva  and the Bobcats' Gordon,  Jeff Adrien  and Walker. They combined for 62 points. 
 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Bobcats, Wednesday vs. Utah, Friday @ Toronto, Saturday @ Indiana. For the Pistons, Friday @ Milwaukee, Saturday vs. Utah, Thursday, Jan. 17 vs. New York (London). 
 . 
