Notebook: Heat 107, Pelicans 88 
 
 
 Zachary Paul, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Jan 07, 2014 11:21 PM - Updated Tue Jan 07, 2014 11:21 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Heat won for the 16th time at home this season, a total second only to the Pacers.  
 
 THE LEAD:  After a first-half struggle, the Miami Heat regrouped after halftime to capture a 107-88 victory against the New Orleans Pelicans.  
 Playing without two starters, the Heat (27-8) trailed by as many as 11 before restoring order in the third quarter. Forward  LeBron James  led all scorers with 32 points and five assists. Guard  Dwyane Wade  finished with 22 points and eight assists while center  Chris Bosh  added 12 points and nine rebounds.  
 The Pelicans (15-18) were able to grab early control behind the play of forward  Anthony Davis . He had 16 points and 10 rebounds in the first half, helping New Orleans to a 49-43 halftime lead. Davis ended the night with 22 points and 12 rebounds.  
 Things quickly changed once James took charge in the third. After an  Eric Gordon  3-pointer and a Davis jumper pushed the lead to 11, the Heat went on a 16-5 run to tie. Miami then took the lead for good when James made a layup with 4:40 left in the quarter.  
 
 QUOTABLE:   "I just wanted to try to be aggressive and see if I could go for it and see what my hand was feeling like. I was able to get into a good rhythm and just try to keep it going and regain some momentum.   
 --  LeBron James  on the third-quarter surge   
 
 
 THE STAT:   Heat center  Chris Andersen  had 15 points on 7-for-7 shooting. It was the second time in three games Miami had a player score in double figures while going perfect from the field. Bosh did it Sunday against Orlando.        
 
 TURNING POINT:  Trailing by six at halftime, Miami made its move in the third quarter by outscoring the Pelicans 32-21  
 
 QUOTABLE II :  "I was encouraged by the second half. That's a very talented team (the Pelicans). In the first half, we couldn't quite figure it out defensively. They were scoring, moving us around and definitely had us in some compromising positions."  
 -- Heat coach  Erik Spoelstra 
 
 
 HOT:  The third quarter belonged to James, when he scored 16 points and helped the Heat turn a six-point deficit into a five-point lead. What made James so tough to cover during the stretch was his ability to score from the perimeter.   
 
 NOT:  Pelicans guard  Jrue Holiday  had all sorts of problems dealing with  Norris Cole 's defense. Although he was able to get the ball to teammates, the Pelicans are much better when Holiday produces points. He shot just 2-for-6 from the field, finishing with four points.   
 
 GOOD MOVE:  This was the second straight strong rebounding game for Bosh, who was coming off  an 11-board effort against the Raptors. After falling behind early in the rebounding battle, the Heat evened things out by the end of the game.  
 
 BAD MOVE:  The Pelicans allowed the Heat ball-handlers to get inside the paint too much. Wade and James were effective scoring, but their ability to facilitate also played a role in the Heat's success. Their attacks created several easy scoring opportunities for teammates.  
 
 NOTABLE:  Heat guard  Mario Chalmers  (Achilles) and forward  Shane Battier  (quadriceps) did not play. Both are questionable for Thursday's game against the Knicks. ... The Pelicans announced that forward  Ryan Anderson  (back) is out indefinitely.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Thursday @ New York, Friday @ Brooklyn, Wednesday vs. Washington. For the Pelicans, Wednesday vs. Washington, Friday vs. Dallas, Saturday @ Dallas.  
