  Notebook: Rockets 104, Kings 87 Posted Monday April 9, 2012 12:48AM By James Ham, for NBA.com    THE FACTS:  The Sacramento Kings came out flat and got embarrassed on their home floor. The Houston Rockets hit them early and often, walking away with an easy 104-87 road win. Courtney Lee  was a star for the Rockets, scoring a game high 25 points in the romp. Backcourt mate  Goran Dragic  added 15 points and nine assists, while orchestrating a well-balanced offensive attack for Houston. Former Rocket  Terrence Williams  had a little hop in his step off the Kings bench tonight. Williams fought hard despite his team trailing by double-digits for much of the evening, finishing with a team high 21 points and eight rebounds. Rookie  Jimmer Fredette  started for the injured  Marcus Thornton , scoring 17 points in the loss. QUOTABLE:  "I just think our team is not our team right now. We're patching it up right now, it's not the team right now. We've got guys that are normally in the rotation, trying to come in, trying to play frontline teams, NBA players who are starters on other teams. So I think the team has been twisted a little bit because of some injuries and set-backs that we've had. But you know, you've got to fight through it and we will fight through it."    -- Kings coach  Keith Smart THE STAT:  The Kings did a nice job getting to the foul line, but a horrible job of capitalizing on those opportunities. The home team missed 17 of its 37 free throw attempts, shooting just 54 percent from the charity stripe on the night. TURNING POINT:  This one was over before it began. The Kings came out flat and never showed enough energy to get back in the game. The Rockets led 32-21 at the end of the first quarter and never trailed in the game. QUOTABLE II:  "You just got to be ready to play. It's a mental thing more than a physical thing. Mentally, you have to be prepared -- all of us. We've got to do a better job of getting ourselves ready in warmups and getting ourselves mentally prepared, so we can start the game well and not get into lapses."    -- Fredette on the Kings' lackluster play HOT:  Lee's eyes must have been the size of dinner plates tonight when he looked over at the Kings' starting lineup and saw rookie Jimmer Fredette was guarding him. The fourth-year guard out of Western Kentucky scored 17 points in the game's first 12 minutes, going 7-for-8 from the field, including all three of his long balls. QUOTABLE III:  "Before the game, I thought  Tyreke Evans  or  Francisco (Garcia)  were going to start and when I saw that Jimmer (Fredette) was starting, I wanted the ball a little more."    -- Lee on his big night NOT:  Evans had very little energy for Smart, leaving his coach no choice but to leave his starting small forward on the bench for much of the night. Evans finished with six points in 22 minutes of action in the lopsided defeat. BAD MOVE:  The Kings failed to guard Lee early, which set this game off on the wrong foot. Be it Fredette, Williams or Evans, the Kings didn't have an answer for Lee, who scorched the Kings for 25 points. NOTABLE:   Kyle Lowry  returned to action for the Rockets after missing 15 games with a bacterial infection. The veteran point guard looked rusty, finishing with one point and seven assists in 18 minutes. UP NEXT:  For the Rockets, Monday @ Portland, Wednesday vs. Utah, Friday vs. Phoenix. For the Kings, Tuesday @ Dallas, Wednesday @ New Orleans, Friday @ Oklahoma City.  