  Thunder-Hornets notebook   By Larry Holder, for NBA.com Posted Friday December 10, 2010 11:39PM THE FACTS:   Russell Westbrook  one-upped  Chris Paul  for the second time this season. Westbrook had a game-high 29 points and 10 assists as the Oklahoma City Thunder knocked off the New Orleans Hornets 97-92 on Friday night at the New Orleans Arena. QUOTABLE:  "I see him do this all the time. Chris Paul is one of the best point guards in basketball. He's a terrific player. He makes incredible plays throughout the game at both ends of the floor. He's a two-way player, but Russell plays like this no matter who he plays against. ... He's developed into a better leader throughout the year. You can see it more on the floor and in practices."   --Thunder coach  Scott Brooks   THE STAT:  It was a sloppy game for both teams as the Thunder and Hornets combined for 39 turnovers. New Orleans had a major breakdown in the third quarter as it turned the ball over eight times en route to only scoring 12 points in the quarter. TURNING POINT:  The Thunder's  Kevin Durant , who ended with 25 points, hit a 19-footer with 5:13 left in the game to give Oklahoma City an 85-83 lead, a lead they never relinquished. QUOTABLE II:  "I don't think so. I don't know. He just had a great game. My college coach used to say it's a team game played by individuals. I obviously lost my matchup tonight and that probably had something to do with why we lost."   -- Chris Paul, who had 18 points, seven assists and five steals, on if Westbrook produces more against him than other players HOT:  The Hornets'  David West  continues to be the most consistent scorer for New Orleans. He shot 11-for-18 from the floor for 24 points and grabbed 13 rebounds. West also added four steals and four assists. NOT:  The Hornets' free-throw shooting down the stretch. New Orleans missed six consecutive free throws during the final four minutes and it arguably cost the Hornets the game. NOTABLE:  Thunder center  Nenad Krstic  didn't play Friday night with a lower back strain.  Serge Ibaka  started in place of Krstic. Ibaka filled in nicely for Krstic, scoring 18 points and picking up nine rebounds. ... Hornets center  Pops Mensah-Bonsu  will miss the next 2-3 weeks with a right elbow infection after elbowing a teammate in the mouth which gashed his elbow last week. Mensah-Bonsu has been buried on the Hornets bench for much of the season. ... Paul passed the 7,000-point mark on his career early in the first quarter. Paul is one of three players to post 3,760 assists and 7,000 points in 367 or fewer games.  Isiah Thomas  and  Oscar Robertson  are the other two. UP NEXT:  The next three games for each team, in this format. For the Thunder, Sunday vs. Cleveland, Wednesday vs. Houston, Friday vs. Sacramento. For the Hornets, Sunday @ Philadelphia, Monday @ Miami, Wednesday vs. Sacramento.  