Notebook: Spurs 112, Raptors 99 
 
 
 Tim Price, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Dec 24, 2013 12:36 AM - Updated Tue Dec 24, 2013 12:36 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Spurs limited the Raptors to 39 percent shooting in the fourth quarter and went 6-for-7  from beyond the 3-point line in the final 12 minutes to pull away and win by 13. 
 
 THE LEAD: Tony Parker  scored 26 points off 10-for-19 shooting and added eight assists to lead the San Antonio Spurs to a 112-99 victory over the Toronto Raptors on Monday at AT&T Center. 
 
 Kawhi Leonard  returned to the lineup after missing one game because of a dental procedure and scored 13 points and had 10 rebounds for San Antonio (22-6).  Manu Ginobili  had 18 points and was 9-for-9 from the foul line for the Spurs and  Danny Green  added 14 on 4-for-6 shooting from the 3-point line. 
 
 Terrence Ross  and  Kyle Lowry  scored 23 points apiece for the Raptors, and Lowry added nine assists. Despite the loss, Toronto (11-15) remains the leader of the Atlantic Division by a half game over the Celtics, who were idle Monday. The Raptors finished a three-game road swing against Western Conference teams with winning records and walked away with wins over Dallas and Oklahoma City before losing Monday. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "It was a good trip. We are just getting started to where we want to go."  
 -- Raptors coach  Dwane Casey 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Before the Raptors went cold in the fourth quarter, they were shooting almost 50 percent (26-for-53) and trailed by six. Toronto opened the fourth quarter by missing five straight shots. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Raptors cut the Spurs' double-digit, fourth-quarter lead to less than eight points on four separate occasions. Each time the Spurs answered with a 3-pointer. The final time came when Ross hit a 3 of his own and followed with a close-in jump shot to cut San Antonio's lead to 100-95 with 2:18 to go. But the Spurs called a 20-second timeout and set up a corner 3 by Leonard. When Green hit a 3 with just more than a minute left, it wrapped up a decisive run of eight-point run for San Antonio. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We won that game because of Tony Parker's aggressiveness, his juice. And we made some 3s in the fourth quarter."  
 -- Spurs coach  Gregg Popovich 
 
 
 HOT:  Green is 8-for-18 (44 percent) from the 3-point  line over the last three games. He hit all four of his 3-point tries in the fourth quarter. 
 
 NOT:   Marco Belinelli , who started in place of Green on Monday, recorded his career high of 28 points two games ago against Golden State and he had 17 first-half points in the Spurs' next game, against Oklahoma City. But he's 2-for-12 since, including 2-for-7 (he missed all of his five 3-pointers) Monday. 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Lowry finished the Raptors' three-game swing through Dallas, Oklahoma City and San Antonio by scoring at least 20 points in each game. He averaged 21.7 points, five rebounds and eight assists as Toronto went 2-1. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  The last time the Raptors played the Spurs on Dec. 10,  Dwight Buycks  played 18 minutes and scored 10 points on 4-for-9 shooting. But he was inactive Monday for the fourth time in the last five games. 
 
 NOTABLE:  The Spurs swept the season series against Toronto and now have defeated the Raptors seven straight games. ... Toronto gets three days off before returning at home to start a home-and-home against the Knicks. ... The Raptors were trying to match a franchise record by winning on the road for the fifth straight time. ...  DeMar DeRozan  was called for a technical foul in the first half after arguing with referee  Lauren Holtkamp  after she ruled DeRozan's foul on Leonard was a continuation for a free throw following Leonard's basket. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Raptors, Friday @ New York, Saturday vs. New York, Dec. 31 @ Chicago. For the Spurs, Wednesday vs. Houston, Thursday @ Dallas, Sunday vs. Sacramento. 
