
 Bobcats-Nets notebook   By Jake Appleman, for NBA.com Posted Monday April 11, 2011 10:53PM THE FACTS:   D.J. Augustin's  stepback fadeaway jumper with 1.1 seconds remaining gave the Charlotte Bobcats a 105-103 victory over the Nets on Fan Appreciation Night at the Prudential Center. Augustin's bucket, over  Brook Lopez , came one possession after  Sasha Vujacic  had tied the game with a corner 3-pointer. All five Charlotte starters scored in double figures, led by 21 from  Dante Cunningham  and 20 from  Boris Diaw , including six in the back-and-forth final two minutes. Lopez scored 31 for the Nets.  Jordan Farmar  finished with 20 points and 9 assists. The victory snapped a six-game losing streak for the Bobcats. With the loss, the Nets finished 17-22 at the Prudential Center for the season, one that saw 20 home games in New Jersey decided by six points or less. QUOTABLE:  "I held the ball a little bit and Boris did a great job of screening for me. I came off and took Brook one-on-one. It was tough. Usually, when the clock is counting down I am going out of my head. I knew we didn't have that much time left so I just pulled up."   -- Augustin, on his game-winner. THE STAT:  In what was symptomatic of a hot shooting game overall, the teams combined to make their final ten field goal attempts. It felt like whoever had the ball last would win and that's exactly how it played out. TURNING POINT:  The Bobcats went on a 26-12 run to begin the third quarter, building a 75-65 lead after being down four at the break. The momentum swing made the game's latter stages an uphill climb for the Nets. QUOTABLE II:  "If you look at the triple overtime game against Oklahoma City, you look at  Jameer Nelson's  Hail Mary shot over us, this two point loss, and I can go on and on."   -- Nets coach  Avery Johnson , on the numerous close games his team has lost at home this year. QUOTABLE III:  "Whatever happens, I just want guys with a winning attitude and guys who most importantly want to be here, want to be here for the long haul."    -- Lopez INSIDE THE ARENA:  Before the game, Lopez thanked Nets fans for their support throughout the season... Maria Sharapova  sat baseline courtside to watch her boyfriend, Vujacic...New York Giants  David Diehl  and  Justin Tuck  attended the game...Fans in "Loud and Proud" section 120 chanted for many Nets, but also broadcaster  Ian Eagle  and Bergen Record reporter  Al Iannazzone . ROOKIE WATCH:   Ben Uzoh  (8 points, 2 assists) played with a bruised knee and still turned in a solid performance, attacking the basket hard and frequently going after the smaller Augustin. NOTABLE:  Farmar hit his first five shots from the field while  Brandan Wright  finished 5-5 from the floor but managed to have the worst plus/minus (-14) of any player that saw action. ...  D.J. White  rocked the rim with a few emphatic first-half dunks. ... Each team had only nine active players. ... Lopez is now averaging 32.4 points over his last five games. ... The Nets have won two out of their last 16 games, with the two wins coming against Cleveland and Minnesota. UP NEXT:  For the Bobcats, Wednesday vs. Atlanta. For the Nets, Wednesday @ Chicago. 
