
 Pistons-Pacers notebook   By Conrad Brunner, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday March 30, 2011 10:56PM THE FACTS:  Getting balanced scoring across the roster and led by  Darren Collison 's 20 points on 9-of-11 shooting, the Indiana Pacers held onto the final playoff spot in the East with a 111-101 victory over the visiting Detroit Pistons on Wednesday at Conseco Fieldhouse. Indiana built a 25-point third-quarter lead and hung on as the Pistons made a late run behind  Rodney Stuckey , who scored 12 of his game-high 24 in the final period. With the victory, Indiana (34-42) remained one game ahead of ninth-place Charlotte (32-42) and three games up on 10th-place Milwaukee (30-44) with a showdown against the Bucks looming Friday. QUOTABLE:  "I thought our focus and concentration was very strong. Our depth is probably our greatest strength. We're playing as a team, playing together. When we do that we're pretty good. We've got great balance."    -- Pacers interim coach  Frank Vogel THE STAT:  Indiana improved to 21-16 at home, ensuring its 22nd consecutive season with a winning home record, the longest such streak in the NBA. TURNING POINT:  The Pacers took control of the game with a 25-8 run in the second quarter that turned a 29-24 deficit into a 49-37 lead. Reserves accounted for 21 of those points. The starters then opened the second half with a 15-4 run, including nine points from  Danny Granger , to push the lead to 74-51. Indiana was coasting 101-78 when the Pistons struck with a 21-6 run to get as close as eight in the final minute it the Pacers closed it out at the line. QUOTABLE II:  "It was good to be back on the floor and be competing. ... My legs felt good and I felt good overall. I was just glad to be back out there and hopefully help my teammates."    -- Indiana's  Mike Dunleavy , who returned after missing 20 games with a broken thumb. HOT:  Collison has shot 17-of-20 (85 percent) from the field in the last two games. ...  Josh McRoberts  had 15 points and a career-high 13 rebounds for his fourth double-double of the season as Indiana's bench racked up 47 points. ... All 10 Pacers that played scored at least seven points. NOT:  Granger shot 7-of-17 and wrapped up a March in which he made at least half his shots just three times in 17 games. ... Indiana shot 6-of-25 (.240) from the 3-point line, while Detroit was 1-of-8 (.125). ...  Tracy McGrady  returned to the lineup after missing Saturday's game with a sore back but did not attempt a shot and was scoreless in 12 minutes. NOTABLE:  The game marked the 2,000th broadcast in the career of Indiana radio play-by-play man  Mark Boyle . ... Pacers center  Roy Hibbert  incurred a bruised left knee in a hard fall to the floor midway through the third period but he returned to the game in the fourth and the injury is not believed to be serious. ... The Pacers have beaten all three Eastern Conference division leaders (Celtics, Bulls and Heat) and three of the top five teams in the West (Lakers, Mavs and Nuggets). They've also lost to five of the six cellar-dwellars (Raptors, Wizards, Rockets, Timberwolves and Kings). ... Now that he's back after missing 20 games with a broken left thumb, Dunleavy will take  Dahntay Jones ' spot in the rotation for the next couple of games and  Paul George  will remain the starter at shooting guard. ...  Ben Wallace  (sore knee) missed his fourth straight game but coach  John Kuester  said he hopes the veteran big man will return before the end of the season. ...  Will Bynum  was not with the Pistons due to a personal matter. UP NEXT:  For the Pacers, Friday vs. Milwaukee, Sunday @ New Orleans, Wednesday vs. Washington. For the Pistons, Friday vs. Chicago, Sunday @ Boston, Tuesday @ Washington. 
