  Notebook: Heat 84, Sixers 78 Posted Friday March 16, 2012 10:38PM By Andy Jasner, for NBA.com THE FACTS: LeBron James  scored 29 points to leading five Miami Heat players in double figures in an 84-78 victory over the Philadelphia 76ers Friday night at the Wells Fargo Center.  Dwyane Wade  scored 12 points while  Chris Bosh, Mario Chalmers  and  Udonis Haslem  had 10 each. The Heat (32-11) snapped a four-game road losing streak and won for the 10th consecutive time in the regular season over the Sixers. Evan Turner  paced the Sixers (25-19) with 13 points.  Lou Williams  scored 12 points and  Andre Iguodala  had 11. The Sixers fell behind by 27 at halftime and closed within four down the stretch. QUOTABLE:  "We're capable but we have to be efficient and play with a sense of urgency."  --  Heat head coach  Erik Spoelstra  on building a 27-point lead and hanging on for the win. THE STAT:  The Heat are 14-0 this season when holding the opposition below 90 points. TURNING POINT:  The Heat outscored Philadelphia 26-12 in the second half and rolled to a 57-30 lead at halftime. Just like that, a 13-point advantage turned into 27. It was enough of a cushion to hold off the hard-charging Sixers down the stretch. HOT:  James was 12-for-20 from the field, including some difficult jumpers with defenders draped all over him. NOT:  Williams misfired on 11 of his 15 shots and never quite found his rhythm. Jrue Holiday was also 3-for-16. QUOTABLE II:  "We'll learn from our mistakes. But that won't take away from being on the road and getting a win against a very good team."  --  James. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  James (29 points, eight assists, seven rebounds) and Wade (12 points, 11 rebounds, six assists) were stellar as usual for the Heat. INSIDE THE ARENA:  There was a typical boisterous sellout crowd (20,396) for the Heat-Sixers matchup Friday night at the Wells Fargo Center. Co-owners  Will Smith  and his wife,  Jada Pinkett-Smith  attended the game along with son  Jaden  and daughter  Willow . Philadelphia Eagles running back  LeSean McCoy  also was in attendance. QUOTABLE III:  "It's very frustrating to have two different halves in the first half and the second half. It's disappointing that we can't play like that the whole game."  --  Sixers forward  Elton Brand  on the team's strong second half in the six-point loss. GOOD MOVE:  The Heat were very aggressive and took advantage of the paint in the first half. They built enough of a lead to pull out a tough win in the end. BAD MOVE:  Iguodala could be more forceful on the offensive end. Sometimes, he tends to defer to his teammates a little too much. It was evident throughout the game. ROOKIE WATCH:  Heat guard  Norris Cole  scored two points while guard  Terrel Harris  didn't play. For the Sixers,  Nikola Vucevic  started at center and had nine points and four rebounds while forward  Lavoy Allen  scored four points and grabbed four rebounds. NOTABLE:  The Heat recorded at least one blocked shot for a franchise-best 335th straight game, dating to Jan. 16, 2008. ... Philadelphia center  Spencer Hawes  was inactive. Hawes missed 28 games in two separate stints with a strained left Achilles but returned to play nearly 20 minutes in a 111-94 loss at Indiana two nights ago. ... Sixers swingman  Sam Young , who was acquired before Thursday's trade deadline from Memphis, was active and scored one point in a short span of 1:42. ... The Sixers shot just 25 percent in the first half -- 11-for-44. ... Wade registered his fourth double-double this season. ... In three games against the Sixers this season, James is averaging 25.3 points on 60 percent shooting. ... Iguodala grabbed 10 rebounds and wound up with his seventh double-double of the season. NEXT:  For the Heat, Sunday vs. Orlando, Tuesday vs. Phoenix, Friday @ Detroit. For the Sixers, Saturday @ Chicago, Monday @ Charlotte, Wednesday vs. New York.  