  Notebook: Knicks 121, Blazers 79 Posted Wednesday March 14, 2012 11:19PM By Mike Slane, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  On the same day head coach  Mike D'Antoni  handed in his resignation papers, the Knicks managed to jump on the Blazers early and cruised to a 121-79 victory at Madison Square Garden. New interim coach  Mike Woodson  couldn't have asked for a better start as New York snapped a six-game skid in style, leading by as many as 42 points in the fourth quarter. J.R. Smith  had a game-high 25 points and  Steve Novak  added 20 for the Knicks.  Gerald Wallace  had 15 points and 12 rebounds for the road-weary Blazers, who have lost seven of their last nine. D'Antoni and the Knicks shockingly parted ways shortly after the team's morning shootaround. QUOTABLE:  "I think everyone was obviously very emotional but we sat down and said this is where we want to go and this is what we had to do to do to get there. We came out with a lot of energy... more than we have in a long time."   --  Jeremy Lin THE STAT:  To open the Woodson era, the Knicks held Portland to 29 points in the first half, including just 12 in the opening period. It was the lowest first-half total allowed by the Knicks since Nov. 20, 2001 when they held the Golden State Warriors to 25. THE STAT II:  Smith (7) and Novak (6) combined for 13-for-24 shooting from downtown. Overall, the Knicks made 19 of 38 3-pointers. The Knicks' 19 3s tied for the second most in franchise history, falling one shy of the record set on March 17, 2011 against Memphis. TURNING POINT:  The Knicks raced out to a 13-point lead at the end of the first quarter after holding Portland to 26-percent shooting from the field in the period. After falling behind by two at the eight-minute mark, New York closed the opening period on a 14-4 run and never looked back. NOTABLE:  Woodson was brought in as a defensive specialist last offseason to assist the offensive-minded D'Antoni. It was the beginning of his second stint in New York. After playing alongside former Knicks coach  Isiah Thomas  at the University of Indiana, Woodson was taken by the Knicks as the 12th overall pick in the 1980 NBA Draft. NOTABLE II:  Woodson went deep into his bench early on as he played 10 players in the first quarter alone and a total of 13 in the game. After the game, Woodson said he's never had so many reliable players on any of his teams during his head coaching career. NOTABLE III:   Jared Jeffries , one of the Knicks' most reliable defensive players, returned from a four-game absence with a sore right knee. He had four points and  four boards in 14 minutes off the bench. QUOTABLE II:  "Mike D'Antoni is a good coach and he's good for the league. I'm sure he'll be back. That's always a tough situation when it happens, but he's a good coach and good for the league and I'm sure if he wants to continue that, he'll have an opportunity."    --  Nate McMillan QUOTABLE III:  "He  [Carmelo Anthony]  came out ready and pushed himself I thought. I tried to utilize him early in the game, help him get going, and he responded. I thought everybody rallied around him and responded. It was a good team effort. WHO'S HOT:  Anthony showed his leadership skills by scoring 10 of his 16 points in the first quarter to jumpstart the Knicks. He also had seven assists in 25 minutes before sitting much of the second half. WHO'S NOT:  With  Nicolas Batum  on the court, the Blazers were outscored by 39 points. Batum struggled from the field with nine points on 3-of-9 shooting. INSIDE THE ARENA:   Spike Lee  attended the pregame press conference where the Knicks officially announced D'Antoni's resignation. Actor  Adrien Brody,  R&B singer  Trey Songz  and talk show host  Maury Povich  were among the several celebs sitting courtside. UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Friday vs. Pacers, Saturday @ Pacers, Tuesday vs. Raptors. For the Blazers, Friday @ Bulls, Sunday @ Thunder, Tuesday vs. Bucks.  