Notebook: Clippers 104, Kings 98 
 
 
 James Ham, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Nov 30, 2013 1:45 AM - Updated Sat Nov 30, 2013 2:46 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  It took overtime, but the Los Angeles Clippers beat the Kings for the second time in less than a week and now lead the season series 3-0.   
 
 THE LEAD:  The short-handed Los Angeles Clippers rode the hot shooting of  Jamal Crawford  to beat the Sacramento Kings by a final of 104-98 in overtime. 
 Coming off the Clippers bench, Crawford was unstoppable, leading all scorers with 31.  Blake Griffin  added 21 points and 12 rebounds, while center  DeAndre Jordan  barely missed a triple-double, scoring 10 points, grabbing 15 rebounds and blocking a career-high nine shots in the win.  
 
 DeMarcus Cousins  led the way for Sacramento, scoring a team-high 25 points.  The Kings big man added nine rebounds and dished out six assists in the loss.  Newly acquired  Derrick Williams  scored 12 points and added six rebounds in his Kings debut.  Rookie  Ben McLemore  kicked in 14 points and veteran  John Salmons  chipped in another 14 off the Sacramento bench.   
 
 QUOTABLE:  "My teammates put me in easy positions.  Coach put me in great positions and I just had the easy job of trying to make everybody better."  
 -- Jamal Crawford 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Jordan finished the game with a career-high nine blocks and only one personal foul in 40 minutes of action. 
 
 TURNING POINT :  The Clippers pulled away down the stretch, outscoring the Kings 10-0 in the final 3:55 of overtime.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "It's a sprained wrist and the x-rays are negative.  So that's good news.  But it did swell up quite a bit and it's his right hand. If it's his left hand, he'd be fine because he doesn't have one."  
 -- Clippers coach  Doc Rivers  on  J.J. Redick 's injury status 
 
 
 HOT:  Crawford loves to the play the Kings and Friday was no exception.  The 13-year veteran scored a team-high 31 points on 12-for-22 shooting in the Clipper victory. 
 
 NOT: Isaiah Thomas  has been stellar all season long, but Friday against the Clippers, he couldn't get it going.  The Kings super sub finished with five point and four turnovers in 19 minutes of action.  
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Kings coach  Michael Malone  saw enough out of Williams in two days of practice to give the 22-year old the start Friday against the Clippers.  The former Timberwolves forward responded with 12 points in 32 minutes.   
 
 NOTABLE I:  Chris Paul  missed his first game of the season with a strained right hamstring. Paul injured his leg in the Clippers 93-80 win over the New York Knicks on Wednesday.   
 
 NOTABLE II:  Williams made his Kings debut after coming over in a trade from the Minnesota Timberwolves on Tuesday.  Williams started at the small forward position for Sacramento, playing 32 minutes in the loss. 
 
 NOTABLE III:  Redick sprained his right wrist in the second quarter and was not able to return to the game.  He finished with 13 points on 4-for-9 shooting. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Sunday vs. Indiana, Wednesday @ Atlanta, Thursday @ Memphis. For the Kings, Sunday vs. Golden State, Tuesday vs. Oklahoma City, Friday vs. L.A. Lakers. 
