
 Timberwolves-Bucks notebook   By Rick Braun, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday February 22, 2011 11:40PM THE FACTS: Brandon Jennings  had 27 points and seven assists, and  Corey Maggette  added 20 points as the Milwaukee Bucks held off the Minnesota Timberwolves 94-88 Tuesday night at the Bradley Center. QUOTABLE:  "A layup or a free throw really opens up the rim for you. You've got to find a way to get that lid off. When you get a layup, it seems like, 'OK, I got it off, now I can play.' So it was great to see that and after that you can feed off that. Then he hit the big three for us and that gave us a lift."   -- Maggette, who fed  John Salmons  for a fourth-quarter layup that ended a streak of six misses for Salmons THE STAT:  Maggette recorded just two assists in 26 minutes, but they might have been the two biggest assists of the game as both came in the final 5:05. On the first, he caught a cutting Salmons with a perfect bounce pass from the right block for a layup that gave the Bucks an 84-80 lead with 5:05. To that point, Salmons had missed his previous six shots, but with the lid off thanks to the layup, Salmons followed that with a 3-pointer from the left corner that made it 87-80 with 4:33 left. Eighty seconds after Salmons' trey, Maggette caught the ball in the middle of the lane and flipped a perfect pass to  Carlos Delfino  for a layup that gave the Bucks an 89-84 lead with 3:12 left. TURNING POINT:  The Timberwolves trailed 91-88 when they took a timeout with 41 seconds left. They got three shots but couldn't get one to go down and ended the game by missing their final six from the floor.  Luke Ridnour  got an open chance at a tying three from the left corner, but missed as  Andrew Bogut  came out to challenge.  Darko Milicic  got the rebound but missed inside.  Michael Beasley  grabbed the rebound and got it outside to  Kevin Love , whose 3-pointer rimmed around and out. Delfino finally cleared that rebound, and the Bucks put it away at the line. QUOTABLE II:  "It's not brain surgery. One guy was playing real hard and the other was struggling a little bit."   -- Bucks coach  Scott Skiles  on playing reserve  Jon Brockman  over starter Andrew Bogut for the majority of the second half. HOT:  Timberwolves forward Michael Beasley made his first four shots and finished with 21 points on 10-for-17 shooting. NOT:  Bucks forward Carlos Delfino made two 3-pointers to open the game but went just 2-for-8 the rest of the way, 1-for-7 on threes. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Love had his customary double-double, posting 20 points and 17 boards. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Marquette University basketball coach  Buzz Williams  was in the second row behind the Timberwolves bench, offering support to Wolves rookie  Lazar Hayward , who played for Williams a year ago. Hayward did not get into the game. GOOD MOVE:  Skiles kept Brockman in for a 14-minute span of the second half in place of struggling Bogut. Brockman brought energy to the flat Bucks and tied his career high with 14 rebounds to go with four points in 25 minutes. Bogut had seven points and six rebounds in 23 minutes. ROOKIE WATCH: Wes Johnson  started at guard for the Timberwolves in place of traded  Corey Brewer  and posted 14 points, eight rebounds and two assists in 38 minutes. NOTABLE:  The Timberwolves were without Brewer and center  Kosta Koufos , who were part of the big 12-player trade that sent  Carmelo Anthony  to the New York Knicks. They acquired forward  Anthony Randolph , center  Eddy Curry  and cash considerations from the Knicks and a 2015 second-round pick from Denver in the deal. UP NEXT:  For the Timberwolves, Wednesday vs. Memphis, Friday vs. New Orleans, Sunday vs. Golden State. For the Bucks, Wednesday @ New York, Saturday vs. Chicago, Wednesday vs. Detroit. 
