  Notebook: Bulls 102, Raptors 101 Posted Sunday March 25, 2012 12:27AM By Kent McDill, for NBA.com THE FACTS: Luol Deng  grabbed an airball by  C.J. Watson  and put it in at the buzzer in the first overtime to lift the Chicago Bulls to a 102-101 victory over the visiting Toronto Raptors Saturday. It wasn't a moral victory for the Raptors; more like an immoral loss, because they outplayed the Bulls the entire game. But the Raptors missed four shots in the final 32 seconds of regulation, and missed three free throws in the final minute of overtime to allow the Bulls the opportunity to win.  Carlos Boozer  led the Bulls with 24 points while former Bull  James Johnson  and  Jose Calderon  each had 20 for the Raptors. THE FACTS II:  Starting the game without two starters in  Derrick Rose  and  Rip Hamilton , the Bulls lost a third starter right before halftime when center  Joakim Noah  disagreed with a foul call and threw the ball in the direction of the referee. He continued to argue the call and got his second technical and second career ejection. QUOTABLE:  "This kind of game usually goes to the team that is one of the better teams in the league."    -- Calderon. THE STAT:  The Raptors outrebounded the top rebounding team in the league 58-44 for the game, and had 22 offensive rebounds to 21 for the Bulls. However, the Bulls scored 32 second-chance points to just 16 for the Raptors. The Raptors had 18 turnovers to just nine for the Bulls. THE STAT II:  The Bulls made only three of 23 3-point shots in the game, but one of them came with 52 seconds left in regulation and put the Bulls ahead for the first time in the fourth quarter, 93-92. THE STAT III:  There were four double-doubles in the game: Boozer (24 points, 10 rebounds) and Deng (23 points, 10 rebounds) for Chicago, Calderon (20 points and 10 assists) and  Gary Forbes  (12 points, 13 rebounds) for the Raptors. TURNING POINT:  Leading 101-100 with 6.4 seconds left in overtime, Forbes missed two free throws, giving the Bulls the chance to win the game. INJURY UPDATE:  Toronto's  DeMar DeRozan  missed his first start in the last 131 Toronto games with a sprained ankle suffered at the end of the game against New York Friday.  Jerryd Bayless  of the Raptors did not play because of a lingering hip pointer. Rose did not play for the sixth straight game because of his sore groin and Hamilton remained out for the 10th consecutive game with a shoulder injury. HOT:  Toronto's Calderon made eight of 13 shots, with six rebounds to go with his 20 points and 10 assists. NOT: Kyle Korver  is either hot or not, and he was not Saturday, going one for seven from the field. QUOTABLE II:  "We were lucky to get that game. They outplayed us from the start."    -- Bulls coach  Tom Thibodeau QUOTABLE III:  "We had free throws to make and  Andrea (Bargnani)  had a great look at the end. He missed a shot he would make nine times out of 10."    -- Toronto coach  Dwane Casey NOTABLE:  Noah's ejection occurred about two hours after Noah's alma mater, the University of Florida, was eliminated by Louisville in the NCAA tournament ... forward  Taj Gibson  started the second half in place of Noah for the Bulls instead of backup center  Omer Asik  ... the Bulls never led by more than four points ... the Raptors start a five-game home stretch Monday. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, vs. Denver Monday, @ Atlanta Wednesday, vs. Detroit Friday. For the Raptors, vs. Orlando Monday, vs. Denver Wednesday, vs. Miami Friday.  