
 Timberwolves-Kings notebook   By Jimmy Spencer, for NBA.com Posted Thursday November 11, 2010 1:51AM THE FACTS:   Michael Beasley  scored a career-high 42 points and the Minnesota Timberwolves earned their first road victory of the season with a 98-89 win against the Sacramento Kings on Wednesday night. QUOTABLE:  "I looked up and was like, 'Wow.' It just felt like we were flowing right, like the game was flowing in our direction."   -- Beasley, when asked about scoring 18 points in the game's first 10 minutes THE STAT:  17. The Timberwolves had lost 17 consecutive road games dating back to last season before winning in Sacramento on Wednesday. The team's last road win came in Miami on Feb. 23, 2010. TURNING POINT:  Beasley didn't get off to a great start, as he missed his first shot of the night and then turned it over, both in the game's first two minutes. But at the 9:18 mark in the first quarter, his career night began. The Kings attempted numerous defensive matchups, throwing seemingly every player at him, but none was successful. QUOTABLE II:  "Everybody is thinking too much. We're trying to do everything on our own instead of playing as a team. That's the reason why we're backing down."   --  Tyreke Evans HOT:  Beasley scored 18 of his 44 points in the first quarter and finished 17-for-31 from the field on the night. Beasley's previous career-high was 30 points at Memphis on Feb. 19, 2010. It was just the second time this season that Beasley scored more than 20 points in a game. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Just one night after  Kevin Love  reeled in a career-high 24 rebounds and tallied 23 points and five assists, the third-year forward was scoreless through three quarters. He recovered with a strong fourth quarter and finished with eight points and nine rebounds. INSIDE THE ARENA:  After an Army lieutenant missed a half-court shot during a contest prior to the fourth quarter, and in honor of Veteran's Day on Thursday, Kings owner  Joe Maloof  gave the lieutenant a chance to win a car by making a free throw. Adorned in camouflage and boots, the lieutenant made the shot and won the prize. BAD MOVE:  It was a gamble by Kings coach  Paul Westphal  when he left Evans in the game after the second-year player picked up his fifth foul with 10:35 remaining in the fourth quarter. Just 90 seconds later, Evans fouled out of the game on a charge call in transition. NOTABLE:  The Timberwolves broke a six-game losing streak with the win. ... Since winning in their home opener on Nov. 1, the Kings have now lost three straight games. The team is currently at the midpoint of a stretch in which they play at home eight of nine games. ... Beasley tied an Arco Arena record for the most field goals in a half with his 12 in the first half. ...  Omri Casspi  scored a Kings-high 17 points ... The Kings have committed 40 turnovers in the last two games. ... Beasley, smiling in his postgame interview, said about exchanges with Sacramento fans sitting courtside, "They were talking, so you know me being me I had to say something." UP NEXT:  For the Timberwolves, Friday vs. New York, Sunday @ Atlanta, Monday @ Charlotte. For the Kings, Friday @ Phoenix, Sunday vs. Detroit, Wednesday vs. New York. 
