Notebook: Hawks 86, Magic 80 
 
 
 Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Dec 12, 2012 11:24 PM - Updated Wed Dec 12, 2012 11:24 PM 
 
 THE FACTS: Josh Smith  and  Al Horford  combined for 29 points and 24 rebounds to lead the Atlanta Hawks to their 10th victory in 12 games, an 86-80 decision over the Orlando Magic. 
 The Hawks made eight of their first 11 shots and grabbed a 16-2 lead on their way to beating the Magic for the eighth straight time, including twice this season. 
 
 Jeff Teague  matched Smith's game-high 16 points for Atlanta while  Arron Afflalo  led the Magic with 16 points. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I think this year we're playing at our best together. And now with us being forced to carry a bigger part of the offense, it forces us to be more aggressive offensively and keep finding each other." 
  -- Horford on the success of his play in a tandem with Smith. 
 
 
 THE STAT:  In their last eight regular-season games, the Hawks have held the Magic to 79.4 points per game and a shooting percentage of .387. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Magic had chopped a 19-point Atlanta lead down to eight on a 4-point play Afflalo late in the third quarter when  Devin Harris  took a charge by Afflalo.  Kyle Korver  nailed a 3-pointer on the other end, launching a 10-2 charge that put the Hawks back in command. 
 
 TURNING OVER:  Six turnovers in the second quarter and six more in the third quarter stymied the Magic's chances of erasing their dismal start. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "It was another game where we defended well in the halfcourt, and we turned it over and gave them opportunities to score the basketball, made it easy on 'em. We are what we are right now; we're a high-turnover team." 
  -- Magic guard  J.J. Redick. 
 
 
 HOT:  After missing five straight games due to back spasms, Korver drilled three 3-pointers in five attempts for the Hawks. 
 
 NOT:  Glen Davis  had a rough night against the shot-blocking Smith, shooting 2-for-11.  
 
 GOOD MOVE: Anthony Morrow  started for the Hawks at small forward in place of  DeShawn Stevenson , who rested his weary knees. Morrow did not put up big numbers, but the Hawks didn't need them in their eight-man rotation. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  In his last six games, all starts, rookie  Maurice Harkless  has produced a total of 10 points and 12 rebounds for Orlando. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:   "We will let this game kind of subside and think smartly, and watch the film and continue to diagnose what some of the problems might be. Never rush, be patient and come to a conclusion." 
 -- Magic coach  Jacque Vaughn  when asked if he was considering changes to the starting lineup. 
 
 
 IN THE ARENA:  The crowd of of 16,992 was the smallest ever announced at Amway Arena, now operating in its third season. 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Horford (13 points, 13 rebounds, four assists) is one of only two NBA players averaging at least 16 points, 10 rebounds and three assists. (The other is Golden State's David Lee). 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Magic rookie  Andrew Nicholson  came off the bench with eight points and seven rebounds, bringing his three-game totals to 37 and 21. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Hawks: Thursday vs. Charlotte, Saturday vs. Golden State, Tuesday @ Washington. For the Magic: Friday vs. Golden State. Saturday @ Charlotte, Monday vs. Minnesota. 
