  Notebook: Rockets 97, Pistons 80   By Matt Miller, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday January 17, 2012 11:35PM THE FACTS:   Kevin Martin  and  Kyle Lowry  sat on the bench with smiles on their faces during the closing minutes of a game for the first time in a while. Houston Rockets coach  Kevin McHale  would not mind seeing this more often. Six Rockets scored in double figures, led by a double-double of 14 points and 12 rebounds from  Samuel Dalembert  and 13 points, five assists and five boards from Lowry, as Houston used a big fourth-quarter run by its bench to pull away to a 97-80 victory over the Detroit Pistons on Tuesday at Toyota Center. Tayshaun Prince  matched his season high of 20 points on 10-for-22 shooting to lead Detroit (3-11), which has lost eight of nine overall and six of seven away from home.  Ben Gordon  recorded 18 points on 7-for-15 shooting and three steals. The Rockets have won four games in a row to get back to .500 at 7-7, while the Pistons (3-11) have lost by an average of 16.0 points in their six road defeats this season. QUOTABLE:  "It was nice to give the guys some rest and try to keep K-Mart [Kevin Martin],  Luis  [ Scola ] and Kyle under 30 minutes. ... We got to keep Kyle and Kevin and those guys out of the gym tomorrow. They've logged heavy minutes lately. Having done that myself, I just know how tired it makes you."   -- Kevin McHale THE STAT:  Although the Pistons did not play Monday and were facing a team on the second night of a back-to-back, they allowed the Rockets to outwork them for too many offensive rebounds and put-backs. Houston finished with 21 second-chance points -- 14 more than Detroit -- and 17 offensive boards. TURNING POINT:  Despite receiving little production from center  Greg Monroe  and committing 15 turnovers, the Pistons would not go away and were down 72-66 with 8:56 left to play in the fourth quarter. But that is when the Rockets finally put the game away with a 15-4 run over the next five minutes. The best part for Houston was that its struggling bench finally closed out a game as only two of those 15 points were scored by a starter. GOOD MOVE:  Struggling to find consistent offense when Lowry and Martin are resting on the bench, the Rockets have seen their starting backcourt log too much time on the court lately. That changed Tuesday. For the first time in six games, both Lowry (30 minutes) and Martin (29 minutes) played less than 39 minutes. QUOTABLE II:  "He doesn't have to lock me out. He can give me the keys to every door, and I won't use them tomorrow."   -- Kevin Martin on his McHale's request to stay away from the gym and rest his legs HOT:  After scoring in double figures for the fourth consecutive game Tuesday, Prince has averaged 15.8 points over his last four outings. Prince has not connected on a high percentage of his shots during this period, but his increased scoring output is always a bonus for the offensively challenged Pistons. NOT:  Monroe, who had averaged 25.3 points on 27-for-48 (56.3 percent) shooting and eight free-throw attempts over his previous three games, finished with a season-low four points on 2-for-9 shooting, four turnovers and zero free-throw attempts. The second-year center found little success when working against Dalembert, and he could not make up for his poor shooting by getting to the line at his normal rate. QUOTABLE III : "You have to give Dalembert credit. It takes guys a little bit [of time] to figure him out. We got to remember that this is Greg's second year, and these are good challenges. Now the other challenge is when you're not scoring, you impact the game in other ways."   -- Detroit coach  Lawrence Frank  on Monroe's rough performance BAD MOVE:  Frank moved veteran  Ben Wallace  into the starting five, shifting  Jonas Jerebko  to a reserve role to spark the second unit and gain more consistency out of Jerebko. Although Jerebko did stay away from the foul trouble that has plagued him throughout this season, he failed to provide a boost to the bench as he poured in only seven points on 2-for-8 shooting and pulled down six rebounds. In fact, the only other Pistons reserve to make any impact on this game whatsoever was  Rodney Stuckey  (16 points, three assists, three boards). NOTABLE:  Frank mentioned before Tuesday's game that more changes could be coming to his starting lineup in the near future. ... Detroit played without guard  Will Bynum , who missed his second game in a row with a strained right foot. ... Houston's  Courtney Lee  (strained right calf) was active for the first time in nine games. ... Forward  Jordan Hill  (flu-like symptoms) left the game in the first half and did not return. ... Monroe's first basket of the game did not come until the fourth quarter. ... The Rockets' reserves outscored the Pistons' backups 38-23. ... Houston collected a season-high 11 steals. ... Detroit is averaging only 85.0 points this season, which ranks last in the NBA. ... The two teams committed a combined 41 turnovers. ... The Rockets improved to 5-0 this season when limiting an opponent to less than 90 points. ... The Rockets have defeated Detroit in each of the team's last six meetings in Houston. UP NEXT:  For the Pistons, Wednesday @ Minnesota, Friday vs. Memphis, Saturday vs. Portland. For the Rockets, Thursday vs. New Orleans, Saturday vs. San Antonio, Monday @ Minnesota.  