  Notebook: Magic 104, Kings 97   By James Ham, for NBA.com Posted Sunday January 8, 2012 9:40PM THE FACTS:  The Orlando Magic overcame major foul trouble by superstar center  Dwight Howard , beating the Sacramento Kings 104-97 on their home floor. Tyreke Evans  led the way for the Kings, scoring a game high 28, while  Jason Richardson  (22),  Glen Davis  (20) and  Ryan Anderson  (19) combined for 61 points for the Magic in victory. QUOTABLE:  "I just told him not to get into it with the referees. I said, learn from me, learn from someone who has gotten on the wrong side of the refs. It's cost me a lot of money in technical fouls and stuff like that. I told him you don't want to have that reputation with the refs."   -- Howard on this conversation with  DeMarcus Cousins  following the game THE STAT:   Howard scored his first points of the game at the 6:35 mark of the fourth quarter on an and-one basket. Howard finished with five points and four rebounds while playing just 20 minutes due to foul trouble. TURNING POINT:  Less than two minutes into the game, Howard picked up his second personal of the game while defending Cousins away from the ball. He returned in the second quarter and quickly picked up his third foul. Howard finished the first half with zero points, zero rebounds and one assist in six minutes of play. TURNING POINT II:  At the 6:54 mark of the third,  DeMarcus Cousins  picked up his fifth foul after picking up his fourth moments earlier on the offensive end. The Kings responded with a 10-2 run to cut the Magic lead to one at 67-66. QUOTABLE II:  "You can either make excuses about that and get distracted, or you can overcome it."   -- Stan Van Gundy  on the Howard trade rumors NOT:   Marcus Thornton  went scoreless in the first half while missing all seven of his field goal attempts. The Magic's  Ryan Anderson  had a cold start as well. The Sacramento product shot just 2-for-9 in the first half, scoring five points and grabbing five rebounds in 16 minutes of action. HOT:   Glen Davis  picked up the slack in Howard's absence. The big man out of LSU scored a season-high 20 points and grabbed eight rebounds in the Orlando win. NOTABLE:  After losing  Chuck Hayes  in Thursday night's game against the Bucks, the Sacramento Kings lost  Tyreke Evans  late in the second quarter to an apparent left ankle sprain. Evans returned to start the third quarter, but the replay was not pretty. UP NEXT:  For the Magic, Wednesday @ Portland, Thursday @ Golden State, Monday @ New York. For the Kings, Tuesday @ Philadelphia, Wednesday @ Toronto, Friday @ Houston.  