  Notebook: Pistons 76, Raptors 73 Posted Sunday April 22, 2012 9:47PM By Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Reserve guard  Ben Gordon  scored 15 of his 19 points in the fourth quarter as the Detroit Pistons edged the Toronto Raptors at The Palace Sunday night, 76-73. Rookie guard  Brandon Knight  also had 19 points for the Pistons, who had lost seven of their last nine. Guard  DeMar DeRozan  led the Raptors, who have lost three straight and seven of their last nine, with 16 points. QUOTABLE:  "Anytime you can get any kind of positive feel from winning, there's always value in that. Although you might not make the playoffs, you still want to grind it out and take every game like it's your last. That's what playoff teams do and that's how you develop into a playoff team."   -- Gordon on playing out the string THE STAT:  6. With both teams in an offensive funk -- Toronto shot 37.7 percent from the field while Detroit shot 36.6 percent -- the game was close throughout. The biggest lead of the game was six as the lead changed hands 21 times and the game was tied 16 times. The Pistons are now 2-11 in games in which they've scored fewer than 80 points. Their other low-scoring victory was 79-77 over Washington on March 26. TURNING POINT:  Gordon put the Pistons ahead to stay, 71-68, on a 3-pointer with 2:44 remaining. The Raptors had several chances in the final minute to go ahead or tie it. Forward  Alan Anderson  missed a runner with 23.9 seconds left, though the Raptors felt Pistons center  Greg Monroe  committed goaltending on the play. Anderson and  Linas Kleiza  then missed open 3-pointers on Toronto's last two possessions. QUOTABLE   II:  "It was a rugged game, a nasty game. Neither team could find a rhythm. Guys got some shots they wanted but the flow wasn't there on both ends. Obviously, Ben Gordon caught a rhythm at the perfect time for us."   -- Pistons forward  Tayshaun Prince  on the poor shooting for both teams HOT:  Knight had scored just five points apiece in the previous two games after a career-high 28 points against Cleveland Tuesday. After a two-day layoff, Knight was reenergized. He stopped settling for jump shots and drove into the teeth of the defense while also converting on fast breaks. He had 10 third-quarter points on four layups and a tip-in. NOT:  Anderson had scored at least 12 points in six straight games but went cold in his return to Michigan. Anderson, who starred at Michigan State, was held to five points by Prince on 2-for-12 shooting, including an 0-for-4 performance on 3-point attempts. GOOD MOVE:  Pistons coach  Lawrence Frank  stuck with Gordon throughout the fourth quarter, even when starter  Rodney Stuckey  was ready to come back for crunch time. Stuckey instead replaced Knight, while Gordon scored seven of the Pistons' last eight points. BAD MOVE:  Toronto coach  Dwane Casey  didn't play DeRozan in the fourth quarter, instead going with the combination of Anderson and Kleiza on the wings. The Raptors missed 11 of their final 14 field-goal attempts. NOTABLE:  The Pistons have shot below 37 percent in three straight games. ... Toronto center  Andrea Bargnani  (calf) and guard  Jose Calderon  (eye) did not play. ... Monroe grabbed 17 rebounds. ... The Raptors' starters combined for just 33 points. ... Rap star  MC Hammer  performed at halftime. UP NEXT:  For the Raptors, Monday @ Milwaukee, Thursday vs. New Jersey. For the Pistons, Monday @ Indiana, Thursday vs. Philadelphia.  