  Hornets-Warriors notebook   By Geoff Lepper, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday February 16, 2011 1:52AM THE FACTS:  The Golden State Warriors held  Chris Paul  scoreless over the final three quarters Tuesday to highlight a stout, if late-coming, defensive effort in a 102-89 victory against the New Orleans Hornets. Warriors guard  Monta Ellis  led all scorers with 21 points, and  Stephen Curry  added 14 points and eight assists, but Golden State's bench -- paced by  Vladimir Radmanovic 's 13-point night -- got the hosts back into what would become their sixth win in seven home games. Golden State held the opposition under 100 points for the fifth time in eight contests.  David West , who came up gimpy in the first half but returned, and  Marco Belinelli  led New Orleans with 15 points each. Paul was held to 11 as the Hornets fell to 2-8 since their 10-game winning streak ended late last month. QUOTABLE:  "The stuff I've been preaching since I've been here, our group is starting to buy into it."    -- Warriors coach  Keith Smart , who previously served as the team's "defensive coordinator" under  Don Nelson . THE STAT:  39.7 percent. After allowing the Hornets to go 11-for-17 (64.7 percent) in the first quarter and open a 32-22 lead, the Warriors buckled down defensively, neutralizing Paul and straightening out their plan for dealing with off-ball screens, which New Orleans used to great effect early. The Hornets scored only 36 points in the second half. TURNING POINT:  You could argue the turning point for this game dates all the way back to Jan. 30, when Hornets center  Emeka Okafor  suffered a strained left oblique muscle which has forced him to miss New Orleans' last eight games, including Tuesday's. Hornets coach  Monty Williams  shuffled desperately through  Aaron Gray ,  Jason Smith ,  David Andersen  and  DJ Mbenga  in the paint, but all he got for his troubles was a combined six points on 2-for-11 shooting with eight fouls and five turnovers. QUOTABLE II:  "I put guys in the game with the idea to maintain or increase [a lead] and we haven't gotten that, pretty much all year. It's starting to bite us more and more. It's tough when you try to preach certain things and you're not getting the production from certain guys that we need to get on a consistent basis."   -- Hornets coach  Monty Williams . HOT:  Radmanovic scored more points in the second quarter Tuesday -- 12 -- than he did in 45 of 48 prior appearances. Radmanovic, who formed a big-man tandem with rookie  Ekpe Udoh  as the Warriors' outscored the Hornets 36-21 in the quarter, went 5-for-6 from the floor, 2-for-3 on 3-pointers. Radmanovic ended up with 13 points, tied for his second-best output on the season. NOT:  Curry wanted the challenge of facing all-world Paul, and he was more than up to it. Paul may have gotten the better of Curry early -- the West's starting All-Star point guard baited the sophomore into sticking his arms out on New Orleans' first possession and ripped through them for three cheap free throws -- but the Warriors' budding star dominated the second half, going 3-for-3 (all 3-pointers) while dispensing five assists vs. one turnover. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  After four rough games from the floor -- a combined 16-for-58 (27.6 percent) --  Dorell Wright  rediscovered his touch, going 7-for-13 to total 16 points. More importantly, he continued his stat-stuffing tradition across the boxscore, adding five rebounds, five assists, two steals and two blocks. ROOKIE WATCH:  Udoh earned another 19 minutes from Smart, picking up a team-high and career-high tying seven rebounds and blocking two shots as the Warriors' defensive anchor. Smart noted that he gave his players a scouting DVD before the game, and embedded a note several minutes into the film which said to call the coach at that point. The first Warrior to call was Udoh. INSIDE THE ARENA:  The Warriors made a special presentation between the first and second quarters honoring the memory of  Franklin Mieuli , who owned the franchise in 1975, when it won its only NBA championship as a West Coast team. Mieuli died last year at the age of 89. NOTABLE:  Seldom-used Warriors guard  Charlie Bell  clocked 18:36 -- his most playing time since Nov. 21 -- as the Warriors survived early foul trouble for Curry and Ellis. . . . After putting a 60-foot lead pass on a dime for Ellis to flush midway through the third quarter, Curry turned to the Warriors' bench and thrust both arms into the air, as if to signal a touchdown. UP NEXT:  For the Hornets, Wednesday at Portland, Feb. 23 vs. Clippers, Feb. 25 at Minnesota. For the Warriors, Wednesday at Utah, Feb. 22 vs. Boston, Feb. 25 vs. Atlanta.  