Notebook: Knicks 90, Pacers 80 
 
 
 Adam Zagoria, for NBA.com? 
 
Posted Sun Apr 14, 2013 7:41 PM - Updated Sun Apr 14, 2013 7:41 PM 
 
 THE FACTS: Carmelo Anthony  went for 25 points despite suffering a contused left shoulder that knocked him out in the fourth quarter and the Knicks secured the No. 2 seed in the Eastern Conference with an 90-80 win over the Indiana Pacers at Madison Square Garden. 
 Winners of 15 of 16, the Knicks are locked into a first-round showdown with the Boston Celtics. The Knicks won the season series, 3-1, over Boston for the first time since the 2003-4 season. The Knicks will have homecourt advantage through the first two rounds of the postseason. 
 
 Chris Copeland  added 20 points off the bench and  J.R. Smith  tallied 15 points and eight rebounds for New York 
 In his return to New York, Brooklyn native  Lance Stephenson  went for a season-best 22 points in the loss.  David West  added 17 points and eight rebounds. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "That's big for us. We wanted to lock that second seed up. We wanted to do it here on our home court. We know Indiana is a tough team, we know how hard they played us. But we really wanted to come lock this game in and we did that."  --  Anthony in his on-court interview . 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Knicks shot 11-for-31 (36 percent) from the arc, while the Pacers went 8-for-28 (29 percent). 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Knicks led 23-15 after one period and extended the bulge to 41-21 in the second quarter before Indiana closed to within 47-40 at the half. Anthony had 15 points at the break and Copeland 12. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I'm good, I'm good, I'm good. I just got nicked. I'm good."  --  Anthony on his shoulder . 
 
 
 WHO'S HOT:  Anthony entered as the NBA's leading scorer (28.7 ppg) and was averaging 36 points and 13.4 rebounds in his last five games. He did receive his 14th technical foul in the third period. With two more during the regular season, he would get a one-game suspension. 
 
 WHO'S NOT: Jason Kidd  went scoreless with four assists. He entered averaging 5.6 points and 1.6 assists in his last five games. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "His shoulder's fine and I was going to put him back but I decided to pull him and ride the guys that kept the lead for us."  --  Knicks coach  Mike Woodson  on Anthony. 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  The Knicks were again without  Tyson Chandler  (bulging disc in his neck),  Kenyon Martin  (sore left knee),  Marcus Camby  (left plantar fasciitis),  Amar'e Stoudemire  (right knee debridement) and  Rasheed Wallace  (fractured left fifth metatarsal).  Solomon Jone s  got his first start as a Knick in place of Copeland. Martin and Chandler won't travel to Charlotte for Monday's game. "Tyson is getting better and Kenyon, surprisingly, is getting better, too," Woodson said. "Neither will travel to Charlotte." He added: "We got Wednesday's game so we'll see where they are Tuesday and then make a decision if they're going to play Wednesday [in Atlanta] or not." The coach said both Chandler and Martin will be available for Game 1 of the playoffs. "Yes," he said, "they will be there." As for Camby, Woodson called him "day-to-day," but said "I think he'll be ready [for the playoffs], too." 
 
 NOTABLE II:  Wallace, who hasn't played since Dec. 13, has been running the past few days and, depending on how he feels Monday, could play Wednesday against Atlanta. "It all depends on how he comes out of today's workout, see how he feels tomorrow," Woodson said. He added: "Rasheed ran the last few days, so he's getting there. Still has a ways to go." Woodson said Wallace would "for sure" be ready for the playoffs and said he'd love to get 10-15 minutes a game from him then. "I think anything from 10-15 minutes, Rasheed being on the floor would be a positive for our ballclub," he said. 
 
 QUOTABLE IV:  "We gotta get some healthy bodies back....And then we'll have Thursday and Friday to prepare for the playoffs. As coaches we'll start our preparation when we get back from Charlotte and once we get some healthy bodies back on Thursday, we'll start practicing and see where we are and who can be in the rotation once we start the playoffs."  --  Woodson . 
 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA: Chadwick Boseman , who plays  Jackie Robinson  in the movie "42," sat courtside. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Monday @ Charlotte, Wednesday vs. Atlanta. For the Pacers, Tuesday @ Boston, Wednesday vs. Philadelphia. 
