  Thunder-Clippers notebook   By Dan Arritt, for NBA.com Posted Sunday April 3, 2011 2:09AM THE FACTS:  The Los Angeles Clippers rallied from a 14-point deficit at the start of the third quarter Saturday night to defeat the Oklahoma City Thunder for the second time in three games this season, 98-92, at Staples Center. QUOTABLE:  "We just stepped up defensively and stayed aggressive on the offensive end."   -- Clippers rookie forward  Blake Griffin . THE STAT:  The Thunder shot 6-for-23 in the fourth quarter while getting outscored, 30-21. TURNING POINT:  With the score tied, 92-92,  Kevin Durant  missed a 19-foot jumper with just over a minute remaining and  Eric Gordon  sank a 3-point basket on the other end with 43.2 seconds left to give the Clippers the lead for good. Clippers back-up point guard  Randy Foye  then sealed the victory with a steal and two free throws with 36.5 seconds left. QUOTABLE II:  "Kevin is such a difficult cover, for anybody. But we were fortunate that he missed a couple shots."   -- Clippers coach  Vinny Del Negro . HOT:  Clippers reserve forward  Craig Smith  had his best game since November, scoring 14 points off the bench on 6-for-8 shooting. He was key in the Clippers' third-quarter comeback. NOT:  Thunder point guard  Russell Westbrook , who grew up in the Los Angeles area, must have been trying to impress the locals too much because he missed 11 of 12 shots and committed four turnovers. He was also called for one of five technical fouls against Oklahoma City. GOOD MOVE:  Griffin got to the free-throw line 18 times -- his second-most trips to the line this season -- and converted 12 attempts to finish with 26 points and 16 rebounds. BAD MOVE:  A night after committing 21 turnovers in a blowout loss in Phoenix, the Clippers committed 17 more against the Thunder. ROOKIE WATCH:   Al-Farouq Aminu  played 21 minutes and finished with six points and six rebounds for the Clippers. His dunk off an offensive rebound gave the Clippers a 74-73 lead with 10:15 left in the game. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Rock singer  Gene Simmons  watched from courtside along with his wife,  Shannon Tweed . Former Angels and Dodgers outfielder  Garrett Anderson  was also in attendance. NOTABLE:  The Clippers reached 30 wins for just the 13th time since moving to Los Angeles prior to the 1984-85 season. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Tuesday @ Memphis, Wednesday @ Oklahoma City, Friday @ Dallas. For the Thunder, Tuesday @ Denver, Wednesday vs. Clippers, Friday vs. Denver.  