  Notebook: Hawks 116, Pistons 84 Posted Wednesday April 18, 2012 11:02PM By Matt Winkeljohn, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The Hawks were dreadful in their previous home game, but Wednesday night they barely needed their starters to thrash the visiting Pistons 116-84. Atlanta's bench outscored its starters 72-44 while helping the Hawks break a tie with Orlando for the No. 5 playoff spot in the East. From the beginning the Hawks looked nothing like they did Sunday in a 102-86 loss to the visiting Raptors, and Detroit's 116-77 wipeout of Cleveland a night earlier was a distant memory. Atlanta's  Tracy McGrady  (season-high 17 points),  Ivan Johnson  (16 points, 10 rebounds),  Willie Green  (10 points) and  Marvin Williams  (10) keyed a bench that more than doubled the output of Detroit starters (30 points), and easily surpassed the Pistons' subs (54) while scoring a season-high 72. For good measure, Atlanta starting center  Jason Collins  -- in action only because of injuries to  Al Horford  and  Zaza Pachulia , added a season-high seven points. Only because the Hawks shot 35 percent in the second half (14-for-40) and because the Pistons closed the game with a 13-2 run did Atlanta's margin of victory (32 points) fall short of its season's best 36 (against the Nets). The Hawks scored just two points in the final 5:20. Three Atlanta subs played more minutes than any starter, and no Hawks starter played more than 22:20 ( Joe Johnson , who scored 13 points). Atlanta coach  Larry Drew  played no starters in the second or fourth quarters. The Hawks set a slew of season highs in annihilating the Pistons in a game that was a stark reversal from a 102-86 loss Sunday to the visiting Raptors when three Toronto players called up from the D-League outscored Hawks All-Star guard Johnson. The Hawks led 40-20 after a quarter, and 72-42 at halftime as all 12 players scored in the first half and Atlanta set season highs for points in a quarter (previously 34), in a half (previously 63), first-half shooting percentage (62.2, previous high 61.9) and had just two turnovers over the first two quarters. Detroit coach  Lawrence Frank  rested starter  Tayshaun Prince  and reserve post man Ben Wallace, and had little to be encouraged about. Greg Monroe  had 17 points but was the only Detroit starter in double figures. On the other end: Making a rare start (for Prince),  Austin Daye  made just 1-of-11 shots, and starting shooting guard Rodney Stuckey went scoreless. QUOTABLE:  "We provide a different kind of spark with the guys we have coming off the bench. Some of those guys could be starters on other teams."   -- McGrady THE STAT:  This came down to shots made in the first half. Atlanta took only one more than Detroit, but made 13 more -- including three more 3-pointers. The Pistons were 15-for-44 (34.1 percent) in the first half, when Atlanta was 28-for-45 (for a season-best 62.2 percent). That was good for a 30-point margin (72-42), which increased by a modest two points by game's end. TURNING POINT:  The third possession of the game. Johnson missed a shot on the opening possession, Detroit rookie point guard  Brandon Knight  scored a layup on the second, and after Knight missed a jumper on the third, Johnson grabbed a rebound and fed  Kirk Hinrich  at the other end for a 3-pointer that gave Atlanta a 5-2 lead that the Hawks never lost and only saw tied once seconds later. QUOTABLE II:  "This was quite a reversal. One day you play like a king, one day you don't. Giving up 72 points in the first half and 200 points in the game, what can you say about that?"   -- Frank HOT:  McGrady continued playing well. His season-high 17 points came on 6-for-10 shooting and he added four rebounds, four assists, a steal, a blocked shot and a turnover in just 17:24. In his past three games, he has averaged 13 points, 4.7 rebounds, 3.3 assists and a steal while shooting 14-for-24 and 3-for-7 from distance. ... Ditto Johnson. In his past three games, he has averaged 17 points, 8.3 rebounds with 19-for-32 shooting. NOT:  Daye's fourth starter of the season, in Prince's place, was a disaster. He missed all seven of his shots in the first half. He missed two of five free throws in the game as well. ROOKIE UPDATE:  Detroit guard  Walker Russell Jr . had a career-high 15 points off the bench, and fellow first-year guard  Vernon Macklin  had eight points and nine rebounds in a reserve role. NOTABLE:  Hawks All-Star center  Al Horford , who had said shortly after tearing his pectoral muscle in early January against the Pacers that he hoped to return for the playoffs, told Atlanta's Fox Sports station Wednesday that, "We're a lot closer to the playoffs than I am returning." Horford, who had surgery three months ago, has done some basketball work but said he is not comfortable. Hawks reserve point guard  Jannero Pargo  tied his season high with nine assists, and scored eight points. ... The Hawks won three of four games against the Pistons this season. ... Atlanta's final five games of the regular season will be at home, beginning with the Detroit contest. For Atlanta (or Orlando) to earn home-court advantage in the first round, the Hawks (37-25) have to not only finish with a better record than the No. 4 Celtics (37-26) but also pass the No. 3 Pacers. Even if the Hawks finish with a better record than Celts, whom they play Friday, the three division champions in each conference are guaranteed to be be among the top four seeds. Boston is going to be a division champion. A non-division championship team with a record better than a division champion (or champions, plural) can be seeded higher -- but just the single winningest non-division champion can do that under NBA rules. The Hawks are three games behind the No. 3 Pacers (40-22), who have won six straight but cannot catch their division-leading Bulls. UP NEXT:  For the Pistons, Thursday vs. Timberwolves, Sunday vs. Raptors, Monday @ Pacers. For the Hawks, Friday vs. Celtics, Sunday vs. Knicks, Tuesday vs. Clippers.  