  Pistons-Bucks Notebook   By Rick Braun, for NBA.com Posted Saturday February 5, 2011 11:58PM THE FACTS:   Tracy McGrady  scored 20 points and  Rip Hamilton  added 15 in a surprise appearance after sitting out the previous 13 games, leading the Detroit Pistons to an 89-78 victory over the Milwaukee Bucks Saturday night at the Bradley Center. Detroit won for the second time in two nights. Milwaukee lost its fourth in a row. QUOTABLE:  "Is this a joke? Is somebody playing a joke on me. I thought it was a joke. I had no idea. Just yesterday I was inactive, and like I said I thought that was a sign that that was my last time ever playing in a Piston uniform."  -  Hamilton , on his reaction when coach  John Kuester  told him to go into the game late in the first quarter. THE STAT:  After  Corey Maggette's  basket pulled the Bucks within 62-56 late in the third quarter, the Bucks made just 1 of their next 12 shots. The Pistons made just 2 of 8 during that span with five turnovers, but never saw their lead fall below four points. TURNING POINT:  The Pistons led from the first quarter on, but the Bucks were always within striking distance. When  Ersan Ilyasova  hit a jumper to open the fourth the Bucks were within 66-62 and very much in the game. But instead of turning it on, the Bucks missed their next five shots and turned it over once. A jumper by Hamilton started a 12-2 run, and the Bucks never got closer than nine the rest of the way. QUOTABLE II:  "Once he got into the game, there was kind of an excitement that kind of poured through the team. It was huge for us."  - Detroit forward  Tayshaun Prince  on Hamilton's unexpected entrance into the game. HOT:   Will Bynum  made 4 of 5 shot off the bench for the Pistons. NOT:  Starters  Carlos Delfino  (2 of 11) and Ersan Ilyasova (3 for 11) combined to go just 5 for 22 for Milwaukee. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Between the first and second quarters the University of Wisconsin -- Whitewater football team, which won its second straight Division III football championship and third in four years, was introduced. GOOD MOVE:  After keeping Hamilton on the bench for 13 games, Kuester called the former All-Star's number late in the third quarter, and Hamilton responded by hitting three shots quickly in the opening minutes of the second quarter. ROOKIE WATCH:  Detroit center  Greg Monroe  had seven points and seven rebounds in 33 minutes. NOTABLE:  Hamilton was stunned when Kuester walked down the sideline and told him to go in as  Ben Gordon  was shooting two free throws with 3:07 left in the first quarter. Hamilton had not played in the previous 13 games -- nine while healthy and four where he was unavailable with the flu. He entered the game for Gordon after a timeout with 2:24 left in the first quarter. On Friday night the Pistons put Hamilton on the inactive list while playing with just 10 healthy players. Hamilton said after the game that he believed he had played his last game as a Piston. ... Center  Andrew Bogut  led the Bucks with 18 points and nine rebounds after missing two games with a bruised knee, but after the game was visibly upset with the way things are going and hinted that some teammates may not be doing their studying. "There's no excuse for out effort tonight," he said. "We played terribly offensively and defensively. Talent doesn't cut it in this league. We're a talented team, but we're not good enough at the moment." UP NEXT:  For the Pistons, Tuesday vs. San Antonio, Wednesday @ Cleveland, Friday vs. Miami. For the Bucks, Tuesday vs. Toronto, Wednesday @ Washington, Friday at Memphis.  