  Nuggets-Spurs notebook   By Tim Price, for NBA.com Posted Monday January 17, 2011 12:39AM THE FACTS: Tony Parker  scored 30 points on 11-for-15 shooting -- including four shots in a row when the Spurs scored 19 straight points in a decisive second quarter -- to lead San Antonio to a 101-97 victory over the Denver Nuggets with  Carmelo Anthony  still in tow Sunday night at AT&T Center. Anthony, apparently now able to talk about a contract extension with New Jersey since the Nuggets have given permission to the Nets to start those talks, missed nine of 11 shots in the first half on the way to scoring 12 -- 11 1/2 points below his season average -- for the second consecutive night. QUOTABLE:  "They doubled (Anthony) a lot. They forced him into a crowd a lot. They do about as good a job on that as anybody in basketball. We didn't get him any easy ones in the first half. He got a little frustrated. We need to play as a team at both ends of the court with a little more togetherness than we did tonight."    -- Nuggets coach  George Karl THE STAT:  During the 19-point run for the Spurs, their guards made all six of their shots compared to only two taken by the Nuggets backcourt. TURNING POINT:  The Spurs went scoreless through the opening 2:45 of the second quarter and trailed 32-20, but they made their next 14 shots from the floor plus all four free throws and turned that 12-point deficit into a 12-point lead by halftime. QUOTABLE II:  "(The second quarter) was probably the best part of the game, going down the way we did and then keeping our composure and digging ourselves back into the game. Tony and  Manu (Ginobili)  had a lot to do with that."    -- Spurs coach  Gregg Popovich HOT:  Parker has gone 19-for-27 (70 percent) the past two games and is 14-for-14 from the free-throw line the past four games. NOT:  The trade rumors are showing on 'Melo. He was 5-for-17 against the Spurs for 12 points. He hasn't shot 50 percent in any of his past five games. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  He only had four assists, but Parker's game-high 30 points came with a season-high seven rebounds. In the last two games Parker is averaging 24 points. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Cincinnati Bengals running back  Cedric Benson  sat courtside and played a game of toss with the Spurs Coyote mascot during one timeout. Former baseball All-Star  Steve Sax  also was in attendance. GOOD MOVE:  Parker and Ginobili combined played nine minutes less than Spurs backcourt reserves  George Hill  and  Gary Neal , but they were just as efficient. They were 8-for-11 for 17 points in the second quarter while Hill and Neal went 4-for-5 for 11. BAD MOVE: Chauncey Billups  played all but 32 seconds of the first quarter and sat the opening 7:45 of the second quarter. By the time he came back in and  Ty Lawson  checked out with his ailing ankle, the Spurs were on their way to scoring 19-straight points, 14 of those coming from the backcourt. ROOKIE WATCH:  The Spurs'  Tiago Splitter  checked in at the 2:57 mark of the first quarter -- early for him -- and finished the game with six points and three rebounds in 14 1/2 minutes.  Gary Forbes  played almost five minutes and missed his only shot. NOTABLE:  The Spurs (35-6) have reached the midway point of the season with the league's best record by four games over the Celtics. ... San Antonio has won all three meetings with the Nuggets this season and five-straight overall. ... Game officials  Mike Callahan  and  Eric Dalen  could not agree if an offensive or defensive foul should have been called in a collision between Ginobili and  Al Harrington , so Callahan ruled fouls on each player and had to move to center court for a jump ball. UP NEXT:  For the Nuggets, Wednesday vs. Oklahoma City, Friday vs. L.A. Lakers, Sunday vs. Indiana. For the Spurs, Wednesday vs. Toronto, Friday vs. New York, Saturday @ New Orleans.  