  Notebook: Lakers 104, Wolves 85 Posted Thursday March 1, 2012 2:08AM By Melanie Neff, for NBA.com THE FACTS:   Kobe Bryant  didn't let a broken nose, concussion and sore neck hamper his play Wednesday night, scoring 31 points and adding eight assists and seven rebounds to lead the Los Angeles Lakers to an easy 104-85 victory over the Minnesota Timberwolves at the Staples Center. It was the Lakers 17th consecutive victory over the Timberwolves.  Andrew Bynum  recorded his 104th double-double with 13 points and 13 rebounds, and  Pau Gasol  added 15 points, five rebounds and four assists. The win improves the Lakers to 21-14 on the season and to 15-2 at home. The Timberwolves were forced to play without starting forward  Kevin Love , who came down with flu-like symptoms minutes before the game. For the second night in a row, bench players led the scoring for the Timberwolves.  Michael Beasley  and  Martell Webster  each scored 14 points and  Anthony Randolph  added 12.  Derrick Williams , who got the start in place of Love chipped in 10 points. The Timberwolves, who had won five of their last six games, fell to 18-18 overall and 8-8 on the road. QUOTABLE:  "It's a serious issue, you can't take it lightly. You have to go through the processes and make sure you're good to go."   -- Lakers' Kobe Bryant on suffering a concussion and his last-minute clearance to play by doctors THE STAT:  After closing the gap to six points at the end of the first half, the Timberwolves were held scoreless until the 8:59 mark of the third quarter when  Nikola Pekovic  dropped in a layup off a fast break. TURNING POINT:  The Lakers took advantage of the Timberwolves cold streak and built a 15-point lead during the dry spell. They extended the lead to 24 points by the end of the third. QUOTABLE II:  "No K. Love. It was that simple"   -- Andrew Bynum on difference between the Lakers two matchups with Minnesota HOT:  The Lakers bench stepped up tonight and scored 30 points GOOD MOVE:  Bryant chose to go with the face mask to protect his broken nose. It didn't seem to hinder his play. NOTABLE:  Love, who was expected to play in the game despite being elbowed in the ribs in the third quarter against the Los Angeles Clippers Thursday night, was scratched at the last minute with flu-like symptoms. The Lakers took advantage of Love's absence, scoring 54 points in the paint. UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Friday vs. Sacramento, Sunday vs. Miami, Tuesday @ Detroit. For the Timberwolves, Thursday @ Phoenix, Saturday @ Portland, Monday vs. L.A. Clippers.  