Notebook: Clippers 100, Bobcats 94 
 
 
 Derek Smith, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Dec 12, 2012 11:03 PM - Updated Wed Dec 12, 2012 11:03 PM 
 
 THE FACTS: Matt Barnes  scored 11 of his game-high 19 points in the fourth quarter as the Los Angeles Clippers held off a pesky Charlotte Bobcats squad 100-94 Wednesday night at Time Warner Cable Arena.  Chris Paul  and  Blake Griffin  each added 19 points as well for the Clippers while  Byron Mullens  was the Bobcats leading scorer also with 19 points. The Clippers have now extended their winning streak to eight games which ties their longest mark since moving to California and the Bobcats are now losers of nine straight.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We can't make any excuses. It took us a little while to get going, but we pulled it out. We just play hard out there. We have so many offensive weapons sometimes that people forget about the other choices like me or (Lamar Odom). We just have to find the right spot and know that our guards will find us." 
 - Clippers forward  Matt Barnes 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Clippers took advantage of two areas and exploited the Bobcats. Los Angeles turned 13 Charlotte turnovers into 24 points which was a 16-point advantage in that category. They also had assists on 26 of 37 field goals on the night compared to just 18 on 35 field goals for the Bobcats.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Clippers held the Bobcats to just a pair free throws over a five-minute span to finally pull away and seal the victory in the fourth quarter. Charlotte made a basket to pull within five points with 10:31 to play and didn't make another field goal until the 5:02 mark and was outscored 7-2. During the stretch the Bobcats missed 11 shots and had two turnovers.  
 
 HOT:  Barnes was the difference in the fourth quarter for LA. He scored 11 points in the quarter and was 4-of-6 from the floor including draining 3 from behind the arc. The Clippers are now 10-1 when Barnes scores in double figures and 10-0 when coming off the bench to do so.  
 
 NOT:  Blake Griffin was a liability at the free throw line for the Clippers. He made just one of his five attempts against Charlotte. During the team's eight-game winning streak Griffin has made just 57.1 percent (20-of-35) while averaging 20.6 points. 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:   University of Kentucky head coach  John Calipari  was in attendance to support two of his former players  Eric Bledsoe  and  Michael Kidd-Gilchrist . Also in attendance was  Larry Fedora , head football coach at the University of North Carolina.  
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:   Michael Kidd-Gilchrist  had another strong performance for the Bobcats. He finished the night with 11 points, eight rebounds, two assists and one blocked shot. He's scored in double-figures in four of the last five games.  
 
 NOTABLE: Kemba Walker  has scored in double figures in 20 of 21 games this season.  Gerald Henderson  came off the bench to score in double figures for the fourth time in the last five games.  Bismack Biyombo  has grabbed at least eight rebounds for the fifth consecutive game and added a career-high tying two steals. The Clippers are 13-0 this season when leading after three quarters. LA matched its record for consecutive wins as the Clippers tonight at eight games equaling the 1991-92 squad. The team, when known as the Buffalo Braves, won 11 consecutive games during the 1974-75 season. They are also off to their best start after 22 games at 16-6. The 19 points by Barnes ties his season-high. Bledsoe tied a career high with eight rebounds. Paul had his ninth double-double of the season and his 20th double-figure scoring game.  Jamal Crawford  recorded a season-high eight assists.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Saturday @ Milwaukee, Monday @ Detroit, Wednesday vs. New Orleans. For the Bobcats, Thursday @ Atlanta, Saturday vs. Orlando, Tuesday @ Lakers.  
