  Notebook: Knicks 113, Pistons 86   By Adam Zagoria, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday January 31, 2012 10:48PM THE FACTS:   Carmelo Anthony  returned to the lineup after a two-game absence and scored a game-high 25 points and dished six assists as the Knicks snapped a three-game losing streak by obliterating the struggling Detroit Pistons, 113-86, at Madison Square Garden. New York won for just the second time in their last 11 games behind  Landry Fields'  18 points,  Tyson Chandler's  17 and  Amar'e Stoudemire's  15. The Pistons (4-19) lost their sixth straight. QUOTABLE:  "He's one of the best players in the world. He's a good passer so it was definitely great to have him back tonight."    -- Chandler on Anthony THE STAT:  Fields went 7-for-10 from the field, making 4-for-6 from downtown. He added five steals, five rebounds, three assists and a block. QUOTABLE II:  "Landry was phenomenal in the first quarter...He's 4-for-6 from three [overall]. Those might be the first 3's he's hit in about a month and a half."    -- Knicks coach  Mike D'Antoni QUOTABLE III:  "My legs felt great out there tonight. I felt refreshed."    -- Anthony TURNING POINT:  The Knicks surged out to a 33-24 first-quarter lead behind 21 combined points from Anthony and Fields. They dished 10 first-quarter assists. The 33 points was their third-highest first-quarter total this season. Fields went 4-for-4 from the field in the period, hitting all three 3-pointers he took. After taking a 57-45 halftime lead, the Knicks clamped down defensively during a third quarter in which they outscored the Pistons, 24-12. WHO'S HOT:  After missing two games with wrist, ankle and thumb injuries, Anthony was an efficient 9-for-14 from the field, including 2-for-3 from beyond the arc. He also went 5-for-5 from the line. WHO'S NOT:  Pistons rookie point guard Brandon Knight managed just one assist and nine points on 3-for-8 shooting one night after going scoreless and giving up 21 points to Brandon Jennings of the Milwaukee Bucks. He was minus-19 in this game. QUOTABLE III:  "The bottom line is we're not getting the job done."   -- Pistons coach  Lawrence Frank NOTABLE:  D'Antoni said point guard  Baron Davis  likely wouldn't return for another week or two. The Knicks had originally projected that Davis would return from a herniated disc in his back by late January. NOTABLE II:  Stoudemire tweaked his ankle in the third period, but returned to the game. INSIDE THE ARENA:   Whoopi Goldberg  and  C.C. Sabathia  were in the house. UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Thursday vs. Chicago, Friday @ Boston, Saturday vs. Nets. For the Pistons, Wednesday @ New Jersey, Friday vs. Milwaukee, Saturday vs. New Orleans.  