  Jazz-Spurs notebook   By Andrew Aragon, for NBA.com Posted Saturday November 20, 2010 12:37AM THE FACTS:   Tony Parker  had 24 points and seven assists, and  Tim Duncan  became San Antonio's all-time lead scorer as the Spurs beat the Utah Jazz 94-82 on Friday night. Duncan, who had 19 points and 14 rebounds, passed  David Robinson  to become the Spurs' franchise leader in points at 20,797. He also became San Antonio's all-time leader in games played with 988. Deron Williams led the Jazz with 23 points and five assists. QUOTABLE:  "You don't notice him too much, but he had 19 (points) and 14 (rebounds). There's no flash, no beating the chest. Just go up and down the court and go home and get a sandwich. That's what he does."  --  Spurs coach  Gregg Popovich  on Duncan. THE STAT : 46-31. The Spurs handled the Jazz on the boards, holding a 46-31 advantage over them. San Antonio recorded 16 of its rebounds on the offensive end. Utah had just five offensive rebounds. TURNING POINT:  The Spurs pulled away by making all the hustle plays down the stretch. After Duncan put San Antonio up 83-76 with a 6:17 left in the game,  DeJuan Blair  stole a lazy entry pass on defense. That steal led to a layup by Parker. Later in the fourth,  Richard Jefferson  kept a possession alive with an offensive rebound, and  Manu Ginobili  made Utah pay with a runner to make it 91-81 with 2:05 left in the game. QUOTABLE II:  "Tony was great. When we really got stagnant, he kind of got some hoops going and made some big shots for us to extend our lead in the fourth. He's been that way all year long. He's been playing his best basketball of the last couple of years. I think he's feeling really good."  -- Duncan on Parker's play on Friday night and throughout the season. HOT:  Parker shot 11-for-17 and consistently killed the Jazz off the dribble to generate his own points and set teammates up for good shots. As a team, the Spurs are 10-1 and off to their best start in franchise history. NOT:  San Antonio's  Matt Bonner  shot 9-for-9 from 3-point range in the Spurs' previous two games against the Thunder and Bulls. He couldn't find his stroke against the Jazz though, as he shot 0-for-6, including 0-for-3 from 3-point range. The Jazz dug themselves an early 19-6 hole by missing nine of their first 12 shots. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Parker continued his stellar play, recording his fifth straight 20-plus point game. His assists, rebounds and shooting percentage were also beneficial to fantasy owners. After sitting most of his team's 103-94 win over Chicago on Wednesday night, Blair redeemed himself to his fantasy owners. He bettered his season averages with 11 points, eight rebounds and three steals. GOOD MOVE:  Popovich played all of his starters at least 27 minutes and only brought four players off the bench. His reserves didn't give him much while they were in there, so he stuck with his standouts. BAD MOVE:  The Jazz tied the game at 68-68 late in the third quarter after Williams and  Paul Millsap  each converted three-point plays, and their home crowd was in a frenzy. But Ronnie Price stifled Utah's momentum when he fouled Ginobili far away from the basket while the Jazz were in the penalty with 2.7 seconds left in the quarter. Ginobili made both free throws to put San Antonio ahead by two going into the final period. ROOKIE WATCH:   Gary Neal  was the only first-year player to get any playing time. He had two points, three rebounds, an assist and five fouls in a little less than 14 minutes for the Spurs. NOTABLE:  The Jazz defeated the Spurs all four times they played last season, but had that streak snapped. Utah scored season lows (14 points) in both the first and fourth quarters. UP NEXT:  For the Spurs, Saturday vs. Cavaliers, Monday vs. Magic, Wednesday @ Timberwolves. For the Jazz, Saturday @ Blazers, Monday vs. Kings, Wednesday vs. Hornets.  