Notebook: Heat 112, Magic 110 
 
 
 Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Mon Dec 31, 2012 9:48 PM - Updated Mon Dec 31, 2012 9:48 PM 
 
 THE FACTS: LeBron James  and  Dwyane Wade  scored all 13 of the Miami Heat's overtime points as the defending NBA champions closed out the year with a 112-110 victory over the Orlando Magic. 
 James scored 10 of his 36 points in the overtime period and Wade clinched the victory with a backcourt steal and dunk. 
 The Heat avoided a third straight defeat despite taking a 50-33 beating on the boards. 
 Magic center  Nikola Vucevic  set a franchise record with 29 rebounds and scored a career-high 20 points. 
 
 Arron Afflalo  led the Magic with 28 points.  J.J. Redick  came off the bench with 23 points before making the cross-court pass that Wade intercepted and turned into a four-point Miami lead with 6.2 seconds left. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "This is a winning league. You win or lose. It's not about how close you came to losing or how close you came to winning. We won; I am not discrediting what they did. They played a great game. They have some really good players and some pretty good pieces. We just made one more play than they did." -- LeBron James 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We didn't want to lose another one. We didn't want to lose the last game (of 2012) and have a bad New Years." -- Dwyane Wade 
 
 THE STAT:  Vucevic's 29 rebounds broke the Magic record of 28 set by  Shaquille O'Neal  on Nov. 20, 1993, at New Jersey. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Joel Anthony  beat the third-quarter buzzer with a put-back for the Heat, cutting the Magic's lead to seven before Miami opened the fourth quarter with nine straight points.  
 
 HOT:  Redick made 5-of-9 3-point shots and shot 9-for-13 overall. 
 
 NOT:  Wade missed seven of 10 free throws, including three straight in overtime. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  The Magic defended James with the 7-foot Vucevic and 6-foot-10  Josh McRoberts , provoking some low-percentage 3-point shots. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  The Magic chose not to double-team James late in the game and he scored Miami's first six points in overtime. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "We decided to pick our poison ... Collectively, I think we did a decent job of just making his shots tough." -- Magic coach  Jacque Vaughn 
 
 
 IN THE ARENA:  Philadelphia Phillies pitcher  Roy Halladay  and his family gave Magic fans a scoreboard holiday greeting before the game ... The crowd of 19,311 set a franchise record. 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  With his 10.5 average, Vucevic has vaulted into the NBA's top 10 in rebounding 
 
 QUOTABLE IV:  "Tonight we came out aggressive, we played really hard, and we showed that if we play like that we have a chance to beat anybody . We almost beat the Miami Heat without some of our really important players so if we play hard like we did tonight, we have a chance against anybody in this league." -- Nikola Vucevic 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Magic forward  Maurice Harkless  did not play after starting 20 straight games. He was replaced in the starting lineup by rookie  DeQuan Jones , who finished with six points in 24 minutes. 
 
 NOTABLE:  James, who recently went six straight games without being called for a foul, was whistled for an offensive foul just 10 seconds into the game. His next foul came in overtime . . .  Glen Davis  (shoulder),  Jameer Nelson  (hip),  Gustavo Ayon  (thigh) and  E'Twaun Moore  (elbow) sat out the game for the Magic . . . The Heat turn the ball over once after the first half . . . The Magic have lost six straight. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Heat: Wednesday vs. Dallas, Friday vs. Chicago, Sunday vs. Washington. For the Magic: Wednesday vs. Chicago, Saturday vs. New York, Monday @ Portland. 
