Notebook: Pacers 99, Bobcats 94 
 
 
 Conrad Brunner, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Dec 13, 2013 11:17 PM - Updated Fri Dec 13, 2013 11:17 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Pacers became the first NBA team to win 20 games this season. It took them until Jan. 5 to reach 20 last year, in their 34th game. 
 
 THE LEAD:   Lance Stephenson  flirted with a triple-double and  Roy Hibbert  had a double-double but Indiana (20-3) struggled mightily to fend off a determined effort by Charlotte before prevailing 99-94 Friday before a sellout crowd of 18,165 at Bankers Life Fieldhouse. Stephenson finished with his fifth double-double of the season with 20 points, 11 rebounds and seven assists. Hibbert had his eighth double-double with 18 points and 11 rebounds. Charlotte led 90-89 midway through the fourth quarter but Indiana finished with a 10-4 burst to improve to a franchise-record 11-0 start at home.  Al Jefferson  scored 21 for the Bobcats (10-13). 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "That's a really good win against a really good team we have great respect for, a team that scored 115 points against Golden State last week and had Miami on the ropes in their building nine or 10 days ago. Miami had to have a 38-point fourth quarter to win by one. We understood this was going to be a battle of a game and it was. They came in and made tough shots, played us tough and our guys had to grind it out to get a W."  --  Indiana coach  Frank Vogel 
 
 
 THE STAT:  This was the closest margin of victory for the Pacers since a 96-91 victory in Brooklyn on Nov. 9. Indiana is the only team in the league that has not had a game decided by fewer than five points. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Jefferson was on the verge of taking over the game in the fourth quarter and his drop-step spin move on Hibbert cut Indiana's lead to 96-94 with 2:14 remaining. The Pacers came up empty on their next three possessions but the Bobcats could not break through. The last chance came in the closing seconds when Hibbert finally got the better of Jefferson, blocking his shot on the way up with 19.9 seconds remaining.  George Hill  was fouled immediately and made both free throws. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "He was huge for us tonight. He took a real active role in facilitating and looking for his own. We're going to need him through the whole season to play at that level and with that energy. There's going to be nights when some guys don't have that same energy."  --  Paul George  on Stephenson 
 
 
 HOT:  Stephenson shot 9-for-14, while veterans  Luis Scola  and  Rasual Butler  combined to go 8-for-13 off the bench for Indiana. 
 
 NOT:   George had a rare off night with 10 points on 2-for-12 shooting, 1-for-6 from the 3-point line. ...  Kemba Walker  shot 5-for-14 for the Bobcats, and  Ben Gordon  was 2-for-7. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "It's just our post defense. We need to be able to do more things defensively in the post from a coverage kind of scheme thing. It's kind of in our master plan but we just don't have it in yet which is my fault, not their fault. I think if we would have done a better job in the post then we would have gotten a better result."  --  Charlotte coach  Steve Clifford 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  The Pacers had hoped  Danny Granger  might return tonight after missing all season recovering from knee surgery and a calf strain but the veteran forward said he wasn't pleased with his timing and conditioning but is "literally day-to-day" and could possibly be back Monday against Detroit. ...  Bismack Biyombo  returned for the Bobcats after missing two games with a sprained ankle. ... This was Indiana's sixth sellout. ... Butler replaced  Orlando Johnson  in the Pacers' bench rotation and produced eight points on 24 minutes, both more than he had totaled in his previous seven appearances. ... The Pacers reached 20 wins in the fewest games in franchise history. The previous best was a 20-7 start in 2003-04. ... The Pacers are 14-1 against the East. ... Charlotte has dropped five in a row and 14 of 15 to Indiana, including 10 straight on the road. The Bobcats last won in Indianapolis in 2008. ... In his first game back in his home state of Indiana, Charlotte rookie  Cody Zeller  had seven points, five rebounds and two assists in 19 minutes off the bench. ...  David West  scored 14 with eight rebounds, Hill 13 with three blocks and Scola 11 for the Pacers. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Pacers, Monday vs. Detroit, Wednesday @ Miami, Friday vs. Houston. For the Bobcats, Saturday vs. L.A. Lakers, Tuesday vs. Sacramento, Wednesday @ Toronto. 
