  Hawks-Thunder notebook   By Randy Renner, for NBA.com Posted Friday December 31, 2010 11:06PM THE FACTS:  Oklahoma City's  Kevin Durant  and  Russell Westbrook , the NBA's highest scoring duo (50.4 ppg) combined for 56 as the Thunder beat the Atlanta Hawks 103-94. Durant was the game's leading scorer with 33 points. Westbrook finished with a triple-double, 23 points, 10 assists and 10 rebounds.  Jamal Crawford  came off the bench to lead the Hawks with 26 points.  Josh Smith  added 23. The Thunder had five players in double figures and the Hawks had four. QUOTABLE:  "I thought it was as good a game as we've played against a quality opponent. We just need to keep improving and control what we can control."   -- Thunder coach  Scott Brooks THE STAT:  In the fourth quarter the Thunder held Atlanta to just 15 points on 6-for-20 shooting. OKC also grabbed 15 rebounds in the final 12 minutes. TURNING POINT:  After Atlanta rallied to trail by only two, 83-81 with 11:43 left in the game, Oklahoma City went on a 16-6 run over the next seven minutes to lead 99-87 with 4:41 to play. Durant had nine points during that stretch on three straight 3-pointers. QUOTABLE II:  "He's in a really nice rhythm right now. His shot's falling for him and he's just a really, really good player. I'm glad he's on our side."   -- Scott Brooks HOT:  In the first half, Atlanta's Josh Smith and Jamal Crawford combined to score 33 points on 12-for-15 shooting. NOT:  The rest of the Hawks roster in the first half combined to score 20 points on just 6-for-21 shooting. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Oklahoma City's  James Harden  scored 15 points on 5-for-6 shooting, including 3-for-4 on 3-pointers. He also grabbed two rebounds, dished two assists and stole the ball twice. INSIDE THE ARENA:  A festive atmosphere with many fans wearing formal evening attire. 100-thousand people were expected in downtown Oklahoma City for the annual "Opening Night" New Year's Eve festivities. The Flaming Lips rock-and-roll band attended the game then performed a late night show at a venue across the street from Oklahoma City Arena. GOOD MOVE:  Midway through the second quarter, the Hawks' Jamal Crawford bounced a pass through a small window between two Thunder defenders to teammate Josh Smith who slammed it home. BAD MOVE:  Westbrook's final assist came on a pass to  Serge Ibaka  that Ibaka jammed home. The problem was it came with just :06 left in the game and the Thunder already ahead by nine. Coach Brooks wasn't happy and neither were the Hawks. Words were exchanged between players before both teams left the court. NOTABLE:  The Thunder are now 7-1 in games played on Friday night. UP NEXT:  For the Hawks, Sunday @ LA Clippers, Tuesday @ Sacramento, Wednesday @ Utah. For the Thunder, Saturday @ San Antonio, Tuesday @ Memphis, Thursday @ Dallas.  