Notebook: Bobcats 89, Timberwolves 87 
 
 
 Tom Coyer, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Nov 14, 2012 11:39 PM - Updated Thu Nov 15, 2012 10:04 AM 
 
 THE FACTS:  The Charlotte Bobcats won their third consecutive game, beating the Minnesota Timberwolves 89-87 in Minneapolis on Wednesday night.  The Bobcats, playing their second of back-to-back games, held off a late Minnesota surge that erased a 16-point, fourth-quarter Bobcats lead.  Minnesota went on a 19-5 run in the last 4:22 that was capped by a  Derrick Williams  score-tying free throw with 12.3 remaining.  But  Kemba Walker  hit the game-winning jumper with 0.7 to ice the game for Charlotte, pushing their record to 4-3.  Walker led the Bobcats with 22 points and  Andrei Kirilenko  led the Wolves with a game-high 26.   
 
 QUOTABLE:   "I thought that ... I wouldn't put this win in the category of ugly in that we were in control.  But the last six minutes was ugly for us.  You really have to make that distinction.  We came in here controlled the tempo, kept the crowd out of it and there are some ugly wins but this was the prettiest ugly woman I ever saw." 
 
 -- Bobcats coach  Mike Dunlap 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Minnesota had ample opportunities at the free-throw line, but converted only 20-for-37 (54.1 percent). The Wolves were not much better from the field, missing 50 shots as Charlotte held them to 38.3 percent for the game. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Charolotte led by double-digits for most of the game.  But with 8:11 remaining and down 16, Minnesota used a 5-0 run to get the home crowd energized, sparked the comeback and made the game interesting.  It was this run that prevented Wolves coach  Rick Adelman  from throwing in the towel early.  Ultimately, Walker made the Minnesota run a moot point. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "Kemba has done that his whole career.  What I liked was that he pushed the pick away and said, 'This is game.'  It's vintage what he is and obviously I have been his biggest fan." 
 
 -- Bobcats' Mike Dunlap 
 
 BAD MOVE:   With :38.9 on the clock and leading by two points with the ball,  Reggie Williams  called a timeout for the Bobcats.  But they were out of timeouts, giving a free throw to Minnesota and possession of the ball.   
 
 NOTABLE:  Charlotte finished with just seven wins last season.  With Wednesday's win, they are now a game over .500 at 4-3 and have a three-game win streak for the first time since March 2011.   
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Wolves, Friday vs. Golden State, Wednesday vs. Denver and Friday vs. Portland.  For the Bobcats, Saturday vs. Memphis, Monday vs. Milwaukee and Wednesday vs. Toronto 
