Notebook: Bobcats 105, Magic 92 
 
 
 Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Feb 19, 2013 11:12 PM - Updated Tue Feb 19, 2013 11:12 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:   Gerald Henderson  and  Kemba Walker  scored 24 points each and the Charlotte Bobcats held off the Orlando Magic in the fourth quarter to win, 105-92. 
 Henderson scored 14 in the Bobcats' 37-point first quarter, their biggest first quarter of the season, and they led by 22 points before the end of the first half. 
 Walker came to the rescue in the fourth quarter with three straight Charlotte baskets after the lead had dwindled to two with four minutes left. 
 
 Byron Mullens  had 20 points and 12 rebounds for the Bobcats, who have beaten the Magic twice in a row for the first time since 2005. 
 
 Nik Vucevic  and  Arron Afflalo  led six Magic players in double figures with 18 points each. 
 It was the Magic's 25th loss in 28 games. 
 
 THE STAT:  A win against the Detroit Pistons on Wednesday night would give the Bobcats their first two-game winning streak in three months. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We better have fresh legs; we haven't played since Wednesday. I think guys are just excited to play. It is the same season but it's kind of a fresh start for us." 
 -- Henderson 
 
 
 TURNING POINT:  After leading by 22 in the first half and by 16 late in the third quarter, the Bobcats were having difficulty finishing off the Magic. Charlotte missed 13 of its first 16 shots in the final period and was leading by only four when Walker deflected a pass, ran it down and went in for a layup with 2:47 left. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "It started with the steal and they were closing on us fast. I thought that was a key play and had he not done that, we wouldn't have won this game tonight." 
 -- Charlotte coach  Mike Dunlap 
 
 
 HOT:  Henderson made 5-of-6 shots and all three of his free throws in the first quarter. 
 
 NOT:   J.J. Redick  was 0-for-7 from 3-point range and the Magic were 4-for-25. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  The Bobcats pushed the tempo in the first half,  scoring 63 points against a team that appeared sluggish coming out of a five-day All-Star break. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "I think how poor we were defensively in the first half has been why we've been losing the past month or two." 
 -- Afflalo 
 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Henderson fouled Afflalo on a difficult 3-point shot with four minutes left. Afflalo made all three free throws, cutting Charlotte's lead to two, the closest the Magic ever got after the first six minutes of the game. 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  The 7-foot Mullens has averaged 20 points and 9.6 rebounds in the Bobcats' last five games. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Magic forward  Andrew Nicholson  had a career-high 12 rebounds. ... Magic forward  Maurice Harkless  scored 15 points, cracking double figures for the fourth time in 10 games after failing to score 10 in his first 37 games. ... Bobcats forward  Michael Kidd-Gilchrist  had six points and three rebounds, all early. 
 
 NOTABLE:  It was the first of four games in five nights for both teams. ... In three games against the Magic this season, Walker averages 27 points (on 54 percent shooting) and 6.3 assists. ...The Magic have given up 104 points or more in four straight games, and 10 of their last 14. 
 
 UP NEXT : For the Bobcats: Wednesday vs. Detroit, Friday vs. Chicago, Saturday vs. Denver. For the Magic: Wednesday @ Dallas, Friday @ Memphis, Saturday vs. Cleveland. 
