
 Bucks-Raptors notebook   By Holly MacKenzie, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday March 30, 2011 11:08PM THE FACTS:  The Milwaukee Bucks defeated the Toronto Raptors 104-98 Wednesday night at the Air Canada Centre to continue their push to try and make the playoffs.  Brandon Jennings  scored a game-high 25 points and  Drew Gooden  added 22 points and 11 rebounds. The Bucks will now head to Indiana where they look to keep climbing the standings. QUOTABLE:  "That was a big play, actually. For him to have the mindset of getting the ball and looking up and passing it, that was really big for us. It kind of got us going."   -- Jennings on the  Carlos Delfino  steal and assist to him for the layup. THE STAT:  The Bucks won the game despite letting the Raptors shoot 51.3 percent for the game. This is the first time this season they have won when their opponent has topped 50 percent shooting. With this victory they move to 1-17 on the year when their opponent shots better than 50 percent from the floor. TURNING POINT:  With 7:45 remaining in the fourth quarter and the game tied at 80, Delfino nailed a 3-pointer off of an assist from  Andrew Bogut  to put the Bucks ahead by three. After  Leandro Barbosa  missed a shot and beat the Bucks to the glass to get his own offensive board, Delfino was there for the steal, diving on the floor to take possession of the ball then feeding Jennings for a layup, giving the Bucks a five-point cushion. Two minutes later the Raptors had eliminated the five-point deficit to go ahead by one, and once again it was Delfino with a 3-pointer to give his team the lead for good. QUOTABLE II:  "I think a couple of possessions where we got offensive rebounds and the Carlos Delfino three-ball was huge for us in that stretch, the last five minutes."   -- Gooden on the turning point of the game. HOT:  Bogut finished with 17 points on 8-for-12 shooting to go with 10 rebounds, two assists, two steals and two blocked shots. NOT:   Sonny Weems  played nearly eight minutes without recording a single statistic, good or bad. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Gooden had 22 points and 11 rebounds in 25 minutes off the bench. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Tennis player  Milos Raonic  attended the game and took part in some timeout entertainment, shooting autographed tennis balls into the crowd. NOTABLE:   Jon Brockman  left the game in the first half after he took a hard foul from  Jerryd Bayless . Bayless was assessed a flagrant foul on the play and Brockman did not return. The Bucks are saying he has a left-shoulder injury.  Jose Calderon  left the game in the fourth quarter because of a tight left hamstring. UP NEXT:  For the Bucks, Friday @ Indiana, Saturday vs. Philadelphia and Tuesday @ Orlando. For the Raptors, Saturday @ Chicago, Sunday vs. Orlando and Tuesday @ New York. 
