
 Warriors-Rockets notebook   By Matt Miller, for NBA.com Posted Thursday November 25, 2010 12:20AM THE FACTS:   Luis Scola  scored 24 points and grabbed a game-high 12 rebounds, and the Houston Rockets snapped a four-game losing streak by beating the Golden State Warriors 111-101 Wednesday before a crowd of 13,847 at Toyota Center. All five of the Rockets' starters scored in double figures, led by  Kevin Martin 's 25 points.  Chuck Hayes  matched a career high with 16 points and grabbed seven rebounds for Houston (4-10), while  Kyle Lowry  scored 14 and dished out a game-high 10 assists to record his second double-double in the last three games. Dorell Wright  scored 24 points on 10-for-19 shooting to lead the Warriors (7-8), who have lost four in a row overall and on the road.  Reggie Williams  came off the bench to score 15 on 6-for-10 shooting. QUOTABLE:  "We felt if we moved the ball against them side to side and got them out of position, we were going to get a good opportunity [to score]. ... That's all we worked on [in practice] yesterday was trying to keep the movement going. Don't accept what they're trying to do defensively."   -- Rockets coach  Rick Adelman  on how his team planned to attack Golden State's defense. THE STAT:  Houston took an aggressive approach on offense from the beginning of the game, leading to 14 trips to the free-throw line in the first quarter. The Rockets finished the game with 51 attempts from the charity stripe, 33 more than the Warriors. TURNING POINT:  The Warriors trailed for the entire game, but came within 88-86 after  Monta Ellis  made a driving layup with 8:34 remaining in the game. On the Rockets' next possession,  Courtney Lee  drained a 3-pointer from the corner that sparked an 11-0 run for Houston. QUOTABLE II:  "We needed this one. ... I had to be aggressive whenever I got the ball, and I tried to finish as best as I can and if not, then get to the line and try to knock it down."   -- Hayes on his career-high 16-point performance. HOT:  Lee was huge off the bench for Houston, shooting 3-for-4 overall and 2-for-2 from 3-point range in 21-plus minutes of action. His defensive play was just as important as he kept Ellis from constantly driving to the bucket. NOT:  Ellis' recent shooting struggles continued Wednesday as he made only seven of his 21 attempts. Ellis has shot 16-for-43 (37.2 percent) over his last three games. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Scola recorded his second double-double against Golden State of this season, rewarding fantasy owners who chose to start him based off his 36-point, 16-rebound performance against the Warriors on Oct. 27. GOOD MOVE:  Adelman pulled the defensively challenged Martin out of the game with 8:30 remaining, opting to go with a backcourt of Lowry and Lee. That decision paid off, as Lee and Lowry combined to limit Ellis to only one basket. Martin returned to the game in the final minute for free-throw shooting purposes. BAD MOVE:   Keith Smart 's decision to start forward  Dan Gadzuric  didn't work well for the Warriors, as Gadzuric picked up three fouls in the first quarter and only played for a little less than seven minutes. QUOTABLE III:  "There's not a lot to say. We didn't get off to a good start, and we had to fight back all game. ... We are not making smart decisions and [we are] making critical errors at the wrong time."   -- Smart on his team's struggles over the last week. ROOKIE WATCH:  Warriors guard  Jeremy Lin  was quite effective in nearly 13 minutes off the bench. He scored eight points on 4-for-5 shooting, pulled down two rebounds, and dished out an assist. NOTABLE:  Warriors forward  Brandan Wright  missed his third consecutive game with a strained lower back. He will not be with the team on its three-game road trip and will be reevaluated next week. ... Golden State has lost five straight games in Houston. ... Hayes set a career high for free throws made and attempted (8-for-8). UP NEXT:  For the Warriors, Friday @ Memphis (ESPN2), Saturday @ Minnesota, Tuesday vs. San Antonio. For the Rockets, Friday @ Charlotte (ESPN2), Sunday vs. Oklahoma City, Monday @ Dallas (NBA TV). 
