  Bobcats-Kings notebook   By Jimmy Spencer, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday January 26, 2011 1:43AM THE FACTS: Stephen Jackson  led all scorers with 21 points as the Charlotte Bobcats opened their six-game West Coast road trip with a 94-89 victory against the Sacramento Kings. QUOTABLE:  "This one kind of sets the tone for us. The guys know that they can win out here and that's the main thing. They haven't won too many games on the road but this was critical for us to win this one. Now, they are upbeat."   -- Bobcats head coach  Paul Silas THE STAT:  The Kings had a dreadful shooting night, hitting at a 36 percent clip from the field and just 8.3 percent (1-for-12) from 3-point range. They stayed in the game by turning the ball over just nine times and grabbing 16 offensive rebounds. TURNING POINT:  After trailing by as many as 14 points, the Kings brought it back to a three-point game at 79-76 with just over eight minutes left in the game. Sacramento never got any closer. The Kings had just five turnovers through the game's first three-and-a-half quarters but committed four turnovers in the final six minutes. INSIDE THE ARENA: Michael Jordan  was in attendance, sitting baseline next to the Charlotte bench. ... A fan,  James Doran , successfully nailed three 3-pointers in one minute during a first-half TV timeout to earn a one-year Mercedes Benz lease. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT: Kwame Brown  grabbed a season-high 18 rebounds against Sacramento. From a fantasy standpoint, Brown could help in the rebounding category, though he's been inconsistent. In consecutive games on Jan. 15 and Jan. 17, Brown grabbed 14 rebounds and 16 rebounds against New Orleans and Philadelphia, respectively. But he failed to grab double-digit rebounds again until Tuesday night. QUOTABLE II:  "We couldn't shoot the ball and it was hard to find any flow to the game because there were so many players in foul trouble and it was a very difficult game to get any rhythm."    -- Kings coach  Paul Westphal ROOKIE WATCH: DeMarcus Cousins  fouled out in the fourth quarter with nine points and just three rebounds in 20 minutes. Cousins shot just 2-for-9 from the field on the night. The rookie had averaged 15 points and 7.7 rebounds in his last six games. When he picked up his fourth foul in the third quarter, Cousins, frustrated after being called for a loose ball foul on an offensive rebound, was sulking on the baseline wing rather than getting back on defense. Charlotte hurried the inbound to earn a five-on-four break the other way, though ultimately turned the ball over. Cousins fouled out with 6:18 remaining in the game on a charge call when he lowered his shoulder on a post move. NOTABLE:  The Bobcats didn't record a single assist in the first quarter, yet still led 21-19 as the Kings shot just 27.3 percent in the period. The Kings went on to shoot just 31.9 percent in the first half. UP NEXT:  For the Bobcats, Wednesday @ Phoenix, Friday @ Golden State, Saturday @ Clippers. For the Kings, Friday @ Lakers, Saturday vs. New Orleans, Tuesday vs. Boston.  