  Bobcats-Heat notebook   By Brian Joura, for NBA.com Posted Monday January 3, 2011 10:18PM THE FACTS:  The Miami Heat started slow but turned things on with a 12-2 run to close the first half and then outscored the Bobcats by 15 points in the third quarter en route to a 96-82 blowout in Charlotte. The win is the sixth straight for Miami and 18th in 19 games. LeBron James  missed four of his first six shots and had just five points with 2:30 left in the first half. But he closed the second quarter with seven points and exploded for 17 points in the third, including 15 of Miami's final 17 points in the quarter. James finished with 38 points and  Dwyane Wade  had 31, the eighth time in franchise history the Heat had two 30-point scorers in the same game and the first time for James and Wade. Charlotte, playing without two starters, was led by  Stephen Jackson  with 22 points while  D.J. Augustin  added 16. QUOTABLE:  "I think they're also getting a better idea of how to play off each other, make it easier for each other. They're active participants when they don't have the ball in their hands. Both guys, one guy is making a play off the dribble and the other guy is cutting. Each are recipients of that. I think they're enjoying this new frontier, this new development in each of their games but it's also making each other better and making it easier for one another."  --  Miami coach  Erik Spoelstra  on James and Wade playing together. THE STAT:  The Bobcats shot 63.2% (12-19) in the first quarter and 30% (18-60) for the rest of the game. TURNING POINT:  After Augustin converted two free throw on technical fouls to cut the deficit to five points midway through the third quarter, the Heat closed the period on a 25-11 run as they hit eight of their final 12 shots in the quarter. QUOTABLE II:  "It's the way we're winning. We're defending and everyone is involved in our offense. That's good basketball."   -- James, on why he considered it a good win. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Wrestling legend  Ric Flair  was sitting courtside. NOTABLE:  James tied his season high with 38 points, the most given up to an opposing player by the Bobcats this season. Heat center  Joel Anthony  set a season-high with 11 rebounds. UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Tuesday vs. Bucks, Friday @ Milwaukee, Sunday @ Portland. For the Bobcats, Wednesday @ Minnesota, Saturday vs. Wizards, Monday vs. Grizzlies.  