
 Pistons-Bulls notebook   By Kent McDill, for NBA.com Posted Saturday October 30, 2010 11:42PM THE FACTS : Trailing by as much as 21 points in the third quarter, the Bulls outscored the Pistons 34-9 in the fourth quarter to earn their first victory of the season. Much of the comeback was done by the Bulls' second team, led by  James Johnson , who had eight points and nine rebounds in the game. The final score was Bulls 101, Pistons 91 in the Chicago home opener at the United Center. QUOTABLE:  "I thought it was [Johnson's] defense, his energy, his rebounding, getting to loose balls, his hustle plays.''  -- Bulls coach  Tom Thibodeau THE STAT:  The Pistons were 21-for-23 from the free throw line in the first half, then went three for 12 in the second half.  Ben Gordon  was 10-for-10 in the first half but did not attempt a free throw in the second half. TURNING POINT:  Starting the fourth quarter with only one starter ( Joakim Noah ) in the game, the Bulls outscored the Pistons 19-4 in the first seven minutes, turning an 82-67 deficit into an 86-86 tie. HOT:   Derrick Rose  followed his 28-point opener with 39 points Saturday, tying his career high. He was 13-for-27 from the field, 10-for-13 from the line, had six rebounds, seven assists, two steals and two blocked shots. He also had seven turnovers. NOT:   Charlie Villanueva  of Detroit was 5-for-15 from the field Saturday, and is 14-for-36 for the first three games. QUOTABLE II:  "Derrick was really hot and it seemed like he could do whatever he wanted.''    --Detroit guard and former Bull Ben Gordon. ROOKIE WATCH:  Thibodeau said before the game that center  Omer Asik  might not play much Saturday, but the rookie from Turkey ended up playing 15 minutes, getting a basket and five rebounds after other Bulls front liners got in foul trouble. NOTABLE:  After losing their first two games by a total of four points, the Pistons let a 21-point second half lead slip away to fall to 0-3. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Monday vs. Portland, Thursday vs. New York, Friday vs. Boston. For the Pistons, vs. Boston Tuesday, at Atlanta Wednesday, vs. Charlotte Friday. 
