  Raptors-Hawks notebook   By Holly J. MacKenzie, for NBA.com Posted Sunday November 28, 2010 5:00PM THE FACTS:  On Sunday afternoon at the Air Canada Centre, the Atlanta Hawks dismantled the Toronto Raptors, 96-78. The Hawks had five players in double-figures as  Josh Smith  picked up his third career triple-double. QUOTABLE:  "When it was coming down to it I was like, 'Man, I'm not going to get it, I'm not going to get it,'. We ran a couple of plays for me to try to get the assist. I'd like to thank coach Larry Drew for leaving me in and being able to give me an opportunity to get the assist...we have something special in this locker room. Everybody is unselfish and you can see it out there on the court. When we play the right way it's beautiful basketball and it's fun to watch." -  Josh Smith on getting the final assist to complete the triple-double. THE STAT:  Third quarter shooting. While the Hawks hit 10 of their 21 field goal attempts in the quarter, the Raptors made just three of their 17 attempts. Toronto also had six of their 15 turnovers in the third as the Hawks blew the game open. TURNING POINT:  Leading by six at the half, the Hawks found their groove in the third quarter while the Raptors fell apart. Outscoring Toronto, 25-11 in the quarter, the Hawks turned a close game into a 20-point lead going into the fourth and didn't look back. QUOTABLE II:  "Jose, DeMar, Andrea, Sonny, you go one through five. DeMar got outplayed by Joe Johnson, Jose got outplayed by Mike Bibby, Andrea got outplayed by Josh Smith, Sonny got outplayed by Marvin Williams, Joey got outplayed by Al Horford. Nobody could score and we couldn't stop these guys and that is why you have a 20 point game." -  Jay Triano on the play of his starting five. HOT:  Josh Smith recorded the third triple-double of his career, finishing with 12 points, 13 rebounds and 10 assists. He also added three steals and two blocked shots in the victory. Smith shot 4-for-10 from the floor and 4-for-6 from the free throw line in his 36 minutes of action. His final assist came on a layup from  Joe Johnson  with 4:30 minutes remaining. On a fantastic afternoon stats-wise, Hawks coach  Larry Drew  complimented Smith's energy above all else, saying, "His energy. He and I have talked about it. When he plays with that type of energy, everything else falls into place...when he plays with that type of energy, good things just seem to happen for us." NOT:   Andrea Bargnani 's second half. After scoring 12 points and grabbing five rebounds in the first half, Bargnani finished the game with 14 points and seven rebounds despite logging over 17 minutes after the halftime break. In the second half, Bargnani hit just one of his eight field goal attempts. NOTABLE:  Before the game, the Raptors announced that  Reggie Evans  had sustained a non-displaced fracture of the fifth metatarsal on his right foot. During the game, Evans --on crutches-- sat with his teammates on the bench and was very vocal during timeouts. The team is currently exploring and arranging treatment options for Evans. The 78 points scored by Toronto is a season low.  Joey Dorsey  recorded his first career start, getting the nod in place of the injured Evans. Hawks forward  Marvin Williams  recorded his first double-double of the season with 17 points and 12 rebounds. UP NEXT:  For the Hawks, Wednesday vs. Memphis, Friday vs. Philadelphia, Saturday @ Miami. For the Raptors, Wednesday vs. Washington, Friday vs. Oklahoma City, Sunday vs. New York.  