Notebook:  Nets 98, Magic 86 
 
 
 Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Nov 30, 2012 10:57 PM - Updated Fri Nov 30, 2012 11:57 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:   Gerald Wallace  found his long-range jump shot and the Brooklyn Nets pulled away to a 98-86 victory in Orlando, their third November victory against the Magic. 
 
 Joe Johnson  scored a game-high 22 points and Wallace added 20 for the Nets, who made six-of-seven 3-pointers in the third quarter.  Andray Blatche , starting at center in place of the injured  Brook Lopez , had 14 points and nine rebounds in Brooklyn's fifth straight victory. The Nets raised their record to 11-4, their best ever after 15 games. 
 
 Glen Davis  led the Magic with 16 points. 
 
 THE STAT:  The Nets made 11-of-20 3-point shots while the Magic shot 1-for-11. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Magic had a 48-45 early in the second half when Wallace hit the first of his four 3-pointers over a span of eight minutes, leading a 27-10 run that put the Nets in full command. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "If I'm knocking down those shots, then you basically can't leave us; now you're having to play one-on-one in the post with those guys and we have some pretty tough guards to play one-on-one in the post."
  -- Wallace. 
 
 
 HOT:  For the season, Wallace had been 5-for-21 from behind the arc. This time he shot 5-for-6. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "Game-plan wise, we didn't anticipate  Gerald Wallace  going 5-for-6 from three. ... Gerald made shots, and (it was) a big difference in the game."
 -- Magic coach  Jacque Vaughn. 
 
 
 NOT:  Magic shooting guards  Arron Afflalo  and  J.J. Redick  shot a combined 2-for-16. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  In the absence of Lopez, the Nets got more than 26 minutes from Reggie Evans, who provided a physical presence in the middle and a game-high 10 rebounds. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "We have a very deep team. That's what we've been banking on all year. If a guy goes out here and there, we have other guys that can step in and fill in for them."
  -- Nets guard  Deron Williams . 
 
 
 BAD MOVE:  The Magic tried defending the 6-foot-7 Johnson and Wallace with 6-4  J.J. Redick i n the first half, which not only didn't work but took Redick out of his offensive game as well. 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Williams, the Nets' leading scorer in the absence of Lopez, was content to set up Johnson and Wallace. He took only nine shots and had seven assists. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  The Magic finished the game with all four of their rookies on the floor.  Andrew Nicholson  came off the bench for 12 points and three rebounds in 18 minutes. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Lopez missed his first game of the season due to a sprained right foot. ... Magic point guard  Jameer Nelson  sat the game out with a strained Achilles. Nelson has missed all three games against the Nets. ... The Magic are 4-4 with Nelson in the lineup, 1-6 without him. ... A win in Miami on Saturday night would be the Nets' sixth straight, their longest winning streak since March-April of 2006. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Nets: Saturday @ Miami, Tuesday vs. Oklahoma City, Friday vs. Golden State. For the Magic: Sunday @ L.A. Lakers, Monday @ Golden State, Wednesday @ Utah. 
