  Notebook: Knicks 104, Nets 95 Posted Wednesday April 18, 2012 10:55PM By Abe Schwadron, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  One night after notching only the second triple-double of his career,  Carmelo Anthony  scored 21 first-quarter points, finished with 33 and led the New York Knicks to a 104-95 win over the New Jersey Nets in the final matchup between the cross-river rivals before the Nets move to Brooklyn next season. New York led from wire to wire, riding Anthony's hot shooting and a double-double from  Tyson Chandler , who had 18 points and 10 rebounds. With  Deron Williams  nursing a calf injury,  Gerald Wallace  shouldered the scoring load for the Nets in his return from a hamstring injury, netting a team-high 21 points. But New Jersey struggled to find a flow on offense, and more importantly, a way to stop Anthony early on. QUOTABLE:  "I thought we came out ready to play. We jumped on them and did everything we needed to do from the very beginning."   -- Knicks coach  Mike Woodson THE STAT:  New York shot 61 percent from the field in the first quarter, helping the Knicks jump out to a 16-point lead after one period of play. TURNING POINT:  New Jersey cut what was once a 21-point New York lead to just five on a  Sundiata Gaines  3-pointer late in the third quarter, but the Knicks responded with a mini 5-0 spurt, capped off by a crowd-pleasing  Steve Novak  3-pointer. Then, with less than eight minutes left in the fourth, Novak dialed up from long distance yet again, extending the Knicks' lead to 91-78, enough to put New York in coast mode. HOT:  Anthony's 21-point first-quarter explosion came on 8-for-10 shooting, including 4-for-4 from beyond the arc. He hit from deep, he got to the rim, and was simply unstoppable. By quarter's end, Anthony had just one fewer point than the entire Nets team, and the Knicks led 38-22. QUOTABLE II:  "I don't think I've felt like this in a while. Just feeling good about myself, feeling good about my body, where I'm at, physically, where I'm at. Mentally, everything is just clear. I have a lot of clarity right now. Everything is just fun."   -- Carmelo Anthony, on his recent play NOT:   Kris Humphries  came in averaging 17 points over two games against the Knicks this season. The third time was no charm. Before hitting a baseline jumper at the halftime buzzer, Humphries was 1-for-8 with a pair of turnovers. He battled his way to 15 rebounds, but on a night when the Nets needed his scoring punch, Hump shot just 2-for-11, turned the ball over four times in all and scored only eight points. GOOD MOVE:  With  Jeremy Lin  on the mend and  Baron Davis  fighting a stomach flu, Knicks head coach Mike Woodson inserted seldom-used veteran  Mike Bibby  into the starting lineup. And though Bibby's struggles this season are well-documented, he played within himself and ran the offense admirably, scoring eight points (including two 3-pointers) and dishing out eight assists in 36 minutes of action. BAD MOVE:  Rookie  Jordan Williams  got the start at center for New Jersey, but played just 12 minutes, as the Nets elected to go small for most of the game in an attempt to match Anthony at power forward. Coming into the night, Williams had been averaging more than 22 minutes, seven points and six rebounds per game in the month of April. NOTABLE:  New Jersey is now 1-7 without Deron Williams in the lineup. Starting in his place, Gaines tied a career-high with 18 points, including four 3-pointers. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Not surprisingly, Knicks fans showed up in full force in Newark, turning the Prudential Center into what amounted to a road arena for the Nets, save for the hometown T-shirt toss. Chants of "MVP! MVP!" rained down on Anthony when he stepped to the free throw line late in the fourth quarter. QUOTABLE III:  "It felt good, but I'm not the MVP. It felt good, though, just to be here in Jersey, on the road, just to see all those Knicks uniforms in the stands, the Knicks fans out there. It was a great Knicks atmosphere out there tonight."   -- Carmelo Anthony, on hearing MVP chants on the road UP NEXT:  For the Nets, Saturday @ Milwaukee, Monday vs. Philadelphia, April 26 @ Toronto. For the Knicks, Friday @ Cleveland, Sunday @ Atlanta, April 25 vs. L.A. Clippers.  