  Sixers-Wolves notebook   By Tom Coyer, for NBA.com Posted Saturday February 12, 2011 11:25PM THE FACTS:  The Philadelphia 76ers used a balanced attack and cruised to a 107-87 road win over the Minnesota Timberwolves. The 76ers were led by  Thaddeus Young 's 18 points but it was a collective effort as they had seven players in double figures. Philly avoided a let down after their big win at San Antonio the night before and earned their fourth win in their last five road games. QUOTABLE:  "[ Gregg ]  Popovich  said his team set back offense 10 years, we kept setting it back tonight. It wasn't the greatest offensive night for use, we never had a rhythm."   --  Kevin Love  when asked about Minnesota's lack of any offensive rhythm.  THE STAT:  Minnesota scored 32 points in the first quarter and just 55 in the remaining three. The Philly defense held Minnesota to 30.9 percent shooting in those final three quarters. TURNING POINT:  With 3:39 remaining in the first quarter, Philly coach  Doug Collins  put Young into the game to defend Love. At that point. Minnesota led by five, but that move was the difference. When Collins took Young out with 2:54 remaining in the second quarter the 76ers led by 11. QUOTABLE:  The 76ers finished with a 24-5 fast break points advantage. Wolves guard  Wayne Ellington  wasn't surprised by their ability to get out and run but he did say it was tough to defend. "It was tough. They were running up our back all night long." NOT:  Wolves rookie guard  Wesley Johnson  contributed to Minnesota's shooting woes going 0-for-6 on 3-pointers. GOOD MOVE:  The decision by Collins to have Young defend Love cannot be emphasized enough. As mentioned above during his minutes in the first half the 76ers went from down five to up 11. When he was taken out shortly before halftime the Wolves brought that lead back from 11 to four in just 2:54. NOTABLE:  Love recorded his 40th consecutive double-double. That adds to his Minnesota franchise record and is the longest the NBA has seen since  Moses Malone  compiled a 44-game streak during the 1982-83 season. UP NEXT:  For the 76ers, Tuesday @ Grizzlies, Wednesday @ Rockets, All-Star break. For the Timberwolves Monday vs. Trailblazers, Wednesday vs. Clippers, All-Star break.  