  Notebook: Grizzlies 91, Timberwolves 84 Posted Wednesday April 18, 2012 12:13AM By Phil Miller, for NBA.com THE FACTS:   Rudy Gay  scored nine of his 28 points in the final four minutes Tuesday, and the Memphis Grizzlies pulled within 1 1/2 games of the L.A. Clippers for fourth place in the Western Conference by shutting down the free-falling Minnesota Timberwolves, 91-84 at Target Center in Minneapolis. Minnesota lost its eighth straight meeting with Memphis, its 11th consecutive game overall, and its 27th April game in a row, a skid dating back more than three years. Memphis, meanwhile, gritted its way through its 11th victory in its last 15 games, putting the Grizzlies in contention for homecourt advantage in the first round of the playoffs. The Grizzlies, who received 16 points and eight assists from guard  Mike Conley  and 16 points and 11 rebounds from forward  Zach Randolph , won despite a 1-of-15 fourth-quarter skid that allowed Minnesota to close a 10-point gap and take the lead. But Gay took control at the end, while Memphis' defense shut down a Minnesota offense missing  Kevin Love ,  Ricky Rubio  and  Luke Ridnour . The Grizzlies allowed just 28 points in the second half, and held Minnesota below 90 points for the seventh time in its eight straight victories over the Wolves. J.J. Barea , who made 7-of-9 first-half shots, finished with 28 points, one off his career high, and eight assists, while center  Nikola Pekovic  added 16 points and 11 rebounds, six of them offensive. QUOTABLE:  "We don't have any trouble finding shots. We just have some problems making them sometimes."   -- Grizzlies guard  O.J. Mayo , on Memphis' 1-of-15 start to the fourth quarter that allowed the Timberwolves to take a brief one-point lead. THE STAT:  13.3 -- Minnesota's shooting percentage (2-of-15) by starters  Anthony Randolph ,  Martell Webster  and  Wesley Johnson . The Wolves' bench wasn't much better, making 8-of-26 shots (30.8 percent). TURNING POINT:  Minnesota rallied from a 10-point deficit to take an 81-80 lead with 5:40 to play, but the Wolves' offense self-destructed as players tried to do too much. An offensive foul by  Anthony Tolliver , which drew loud, angry complaints from the Wolves, started the crumbling. Minnesota converted its final 10 possessions into just three points, while committing five turnovers, two apiece by  J.J. Barea  and  Anthony Tolliver , who each missed two long 3-pointers down the stretch as well. Memphis outscored Minnesota 11-3 after the Wolves' brief lead. QUOTABLE II:  "I told our players at halftime, [J.J.] Barea is the reason Dallas won the championship last year. He tried to carry [Minnesota] tonight."   -- Memphis coach  Lionel Hollins , on the Wolves' point guard, who scored 19 points in the first half and finished with 28. HOT:  Memphis forward  Rudy Gay  has scored 20 or more points in five of the Grizzlies' last seven games, averaging 24.3 points on 55.6 percent shooting in that span. The Grizzlies are now 21-9 when Gay scores 20 or more. NOT:  Minnesota's offense without Love. The Timberwolves once averaged more than 100 points per game, but that has dipped to 98.1 now, and Minnesota has failed to score 90 points in three of the four games that Love has missed with a concussion suffered April 11. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Beware  Anthony Randolph  when he's in the starting lineup. The Minnesota forward averaged 22 points in the three games before he was inserted into the starting lineup for the first time Monday. He went 1-of-7 from the field in his debut as Love's understudy, then followed it up with a 1-for-8 fizzle against Memphis. GOOD MOVE:  With 3:50 remaining and his team trailing by a point after a horrid 1-of-15 shooting spell, Memphis coach Hollins calmed his team with a surprising message: Don't change anything. The Grizzlies were taking good shots, he said, and they would eventually fall. They did; after the timeout,  Rudy Gay  hit a six-foot jumper, a put-back at the rim, and a wide open 3-pointer, opening a five-point lead that Memphis didn't surrender again. BAD MOVE:  After halftime, when Memphis decided to anchor a big man in the paint to ward off  J.J. Barea's  headlong drives to the basket, the Wolves guard kept trying to attack the basket himself on nearly every possession, despite the added defense. The result: Barea made 3-of-11 shots, committed three turnovers -- including twice dribbling the ball off his foot in the final two minutes -- and found little offensive help. ROOKIE WATCH:   Derrick Williams , the second player selected in last June's draft, appears exhausted as his rookie year comes to a close, and his play reflects it. Williams missed all three of his shots Tuesday, and is 4-of-29 (13.8 percent) from the field over his last four games. NOTABLE:  Wolves' All-Star forward Love was not at Target Center, missing his fourth straight game with a concussion. Ridnour r  missed his eighth game with a sprained ankle, though Minnesota coach  Rick Adelman  said the veteran point guard could return for Sunday's game against Golden State. ... An MRI taken Monday showed no ligament damage in Memphis center  Marc Gasol's  left knee, just a bone bruise, and the Spaniard decided to return to action despite some minor pain. His opposition, Minnesota center  Nikola Pekovic  is also playing in pain, with bone spurs in his right foot. Pekovic said before the game he intends to finish the season, but will undergo surgery to remove the spurs at season's end. Pekovic needs six more baskets to qualify for ranking among the league leaders in field-goal percentage; at .562, he would currently rank fourth in the NBA. If he qualifies, Pekovic will break  Kevin Garnett's  franchise record of .526, set in 2005-06. ... With five points, Memphis guard  O.J. Mayo  failed to reach double figures for just the second time in 13 games. UP NEXT:  For the Grizzlies, Wednesday vs. Hornets, Friday @ Charlotte, Saturday vs. Trail Blazers. For the Timberwolves, Thursday @ Detroit, Sunday vs. Warriors, April 26 vs. Nuggets.  