Notebook: Trail Blazers 109, Kings 91 
 
 
 Stephen Alexander, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Thu Dec 27, 2012 1:58 AM - Updated Thu Dec 27, 2012 1:58 AM 
 
 THE FACTS:  After the Kings snapped the Blazers' five-game win streak on Sunday, the Trail Blazers took it to the Kings on Wednesday night with a convincing 109-91 victory at the Rose Garden.   
 
 QUOTABLE:  "It was a solid win for us. We tightened up our defense in the second and third quarters and made our runs because of our defense. We got energy into the game." 
 -- Blazers coach  Terry Stotts 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Portland dominated the post, outscoring Sacramento 50-36 in the paint and outrebounding the Kings 53-35. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Blazers had already taken a commanding lead in the second quarter. Then, with time running out,  Nicolas Batum  sank a 25-foot 3-pointer from the right side of the arc to give the Blazers a 62-44 lead. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We had turnovers they hit some open 3s, they had dunks, they got the crowd into it. They just got it going and it's hard to stop a team that gets it going at home, especially when they have shooters and guys that can go to the hole and dunk, and things like that." 
 -- Kings guard  Isaiah Thomas 
 
 
 HOT:  Blazers center  J.J. Hickson  recorded his ninth consecutive double-double. That is the most consecutive double-doubles for a Blazer since  Mychal Thompson  in 1981. Hickson's double-double run is now the most by a Blazer since  Kermit Washington  in '80. 
 
 NOT:  Kings center  DeMarcus Cousins . The 6-foot-11 center was suspended from the Kings during their 108-96 win over the Blazers on Sunday because of "unprofessional behavior and conduct detrimental to the team." Cousins has since been reinstated but he did not make the trip with the Kings to Portland. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Without Cousins in the lineup, the Blazers pounded the Kings inside all night on offense and made a conscientious effort to shut off Sacramento's perimeter game. The Blazers owned both the paint and the glass and with Portland's defense bearing down on the Kings' wings and no threat for Sacramento in the post, the Kings offense struggled. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  The Kings allowed the Blazers to move the ball around the court at will. Portland controlled the tempo of the game with its passing and finished the night with 31 assists. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Three Blazers recorded double-doubles: Hickson (17 points, 14 assists),  LaMarcus Aldridge  (28 points, 12 rebounds) and  Damian Lillard  (17 points and 11 assists). Lillard was just two rebounds shy of a triple-double. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Kings, Friday vs. New York, Sunday vs. Boston, Tuesday at Detroit. For the Blazers, Friday vs. L.A. Lakers, Saturday vs. Philadelphia, Tuesday at New York. 
