Notebook: Pistons 117, Suns 77 
 
 
 Dana Gauruder, For NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Nov 28, 2012 11:10 PM - Updated Thu Nov 29, 2012 2:15 AM 
 
 THE FACTS : Bench players  Charlie Villanueva  and  Rodney Stuckey  combined for 37 points as the Detroit Pistons collected their most lopsided victory in nearly five years, pounding the Phoenix Suns 117-77 Wednesday night at The Palace of Auburn Hills.  Brandon Knight  added 19 points as the Pistons won consecutive games for the first time this season and nailed down their fourth straight home win. Detroit (5-11) has won five of eight after starting the season 0-8.  Luis Scola 's 11 points led Phoenix (7-9), which dropped to 1-2 on its six-game road trip. 
 
 QUOTABLE : "Any time a person ... comes off the bench and can knock down shots like that, it's always a boost for the team. [Villanueva has] definitely given us a boost since he's been in the rotation and, hopefully, he continues to play well." 
 -- Pistons center  Greg Monroe  on Villanueva, who had a season-high 19 points 
 
 THE STAT : 56-44. Phoenix had won three of its last four behind a bench that outscored the opponents' reserves 42-18. The Pistons' backups overshadowed the Suns' bench Wednesday, outscoring it 56-44. The only reason Phoenix had that many bench points was that four of its starters played less then six minutes in the second half. Detroit's bench had a 27-15 advantage in the first half when the Pistons built an 11-point lead. 
 
 TURNING POINT : After trailing by 11 at halftime, the Suns seemed more interested in getting overly physical against their opponent and arguing with the officials than making a comeback.  Markieff Morris, Shannon Brown, Goran Dragic  and  Sebastian Telfair  each received technicals during the first seven minutes of the second half. That allowed the Pistons to extend their lead to 26 points. Phoenix missed 9 of their 10 shots and committed four turnovers during that stretch. 
 
 QUOTABLE II : "They lifted us up. You talk about the offensive end, but those guys got after it on the defensive end as well. They really stepped up on that side of it. They played with energy and that translated to them having a great game." 
 -- Brandon Knight on Villanueva and Stuckey 
 
 HOT : Knight, who made the All-Rookie First Team last season, got off to a slow start as the Pistons lost their first eight games. But the second-year point guard has regained his shooting stroke in the last four, averaging 20.5 points. His perimeter shooting has been especially potent, as he's 12-for-19 on 3-pointers during that stretch. He added six assists Monday. 
 
 NOT : Phoenix's starting five had a combined 33 points on 11-for-34 shooting and made 10 of the team's 19 turnovers while supplying just three assists. Dragic and Morris were the only starters to reach double figures. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH : The Pistons continued to get strong play from  Kyle Singler  and  Andre Drummond . Singler, the starting shooting guard, had 12 points and four rebounds while backup center Drummond contributed six points and nine rebounds of the bench. 
 
 NOTABLE : The last time Detroit won by 40 or more points was Dec. 31, 2007, when it defeated Milwaukee 114-69. ... Phoenix's 11 assists was a season low. ... Monroe has grabbed at least five rebounds in 107 consecutive games, the longest current streak in the league. The Los Angeles Clippers' Blake Griffin is next with 90 straight. ... The Suns had won seven of their last eight against the Pistons, including a 92-89 victory in Phoenix earlier this month. ... Detroit didn't get its fifth victory last season until its 25th game. ... The Pistons have recorded season highs in points in back-to-back games. They had 108 against Portland Monday. 
 
 UP NEXT : For the Suns, Friday @ Toronto, Sunday @ New York, Tuesday @ Memphis. For the Pistons, Friday @ Memphis, Saturday @ Dallas, Monday vs. Cleveland. 
