  Celtics-Spurs notebook   By Tim Price, for NBA.com Posted Thursday March 31, 2011 11:40PM THE FACTS:   Rajon Rondo  led the Celtics with 22 points and had 14 assists, and Boston used a second-half shooting surge to hand the Spurs their fifth straight defeat by a count of 107-97 Thursday at AT&T Center. The Celtics (52-22) shot better than 60 percent in both the third and fourth quarters and also got big contributions from  Paul Pierce  (21 points, 11 rebounds) and  Kevin Garnett  (20 points on 9-of-12 shooting). After missing the last four games for the Spurs (57-18),  Tim Duncan  returned with 20 points and 13 rebounds. QUOTABLE:  "Tonight, we just made shots. Let's be honest. We kept moving the ball and Rondo kept taking shots."    -- Boston coach  Doc Rivers THE STAT:  Boston certainly knocked down a lot of open jumpers, but the Celtics ran their offense efficiently enough to outscore San Antonio 20-10 in the paint in the third quarter. Most of that was because of Rondo, who shot 4-for-6 and had five assists. It was a tie game at half, but Boston entered the fourth quarter with a 77-70 lead. TURNING POINT:  The Spurs led by four points after  Matt Bonner  hit a pair of 3-pointers and  Tony Parker  converted a 3-point play on consecutive possessions midway through the third quarter. But the Spurs went cold when they missed their next nine shots -- five of them 3-point tries. The Celtics answered with points on six straight possessions with Rondo getting half of those and setting up another one with an assist. QUOTABLE II:  "The game was won when we got a little 3-happy in the third quarter. Then the transition defense didn't follow. They took advantage of it."    -- Spurs coach  Gregg Popovich HOT:  Garnett had his best game since New York on March 21 (10-of-15, 24 points). His effort against San Antonio (9-of-12) was a bounce back from Monday's 2-of-4 night for six points in the loss to Indiana. NOT:  The Spurs are the best 3-point shooting team in the league, but recent play doesn't reflect that. They were 8-of-29 and are shooting 26 percent in the last two games (they were at 40 percent for the season coming into the game). FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  With 22 points and 14 assists, Rondo has hit double-figure scoring in four of the last five games and three times had a double-double. Before that, he went five games without double figures in any category except minutes (speaking of minutes, he's exceeded 40 in each of the last five games). ROOKIE WATCH:  With Duncan back in the lineup from a sprained ankle,  Tiago Splitter  played four minutes after averaging 22 minutes in the four games Duncan missed. NOTABLE:   Nenad Krstic  left the game late in the first half with a right knee injury and did not return. He will have an MRI and will miss an undetermined amount of games. The Spurs haven't encountered a losing streak as long as this since they ended the 1996-97 season with six losses. The Celtics have not lost in San Antonio the past four seasons, and this season series ends with a Celtics sweep.  Jermaine O'Neal  made his first appearance since Jan. 10 (he underwent arthroscopic surgery on his left knee on Feb. 4). He played 11 minutes and had a key basket and free throw after being fouled by  Antonio McDyess  that gave Boston a 82-72 lead with 10 ½ minutes to go. Pierce is five games away from matching  Bill Russell  (963 games) for fourth place in games played in a Celtics uniform. Duncan passed  Dennis Rodman  and into 21st place on the NBA's career rebounding list with 11,967 boards. UP NEXT:  For the Celtics, Friday @ Atlanta, Sunday vs. Detroit, Tuesday vs. Philadelphia. For the Spurs, Friday @ Houston, Sunday vs. Phoenix, Tuesday @ Atlanta.  