
 Pacers-Bucks notebook   By Rick Braun, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday December 8, 2010 11:33PM THE FACTS:   Andrew Bogut  tipped in  Luc Richard Mbah a Moute 's inbound pass at the buzzer to cap a 17-point, 11-rebound performance and give the Milwaukee Bucks a 97-95 victory over the Indiana Pacers Wednesday night at the Bradley Center. Bogut's winning basket came as the Bucks inbounded with 0.5 seconds on the clock following a miss at the other end by Indiana center  Roy Hibbert . QUOTABLE:  "More important than my tip was the pass. If that ball is off one or two centimeters to one side or it's short or it's long, I don't get a good tip at it. And  Brandon Jennings ' screen, too. For a little guy he got into Jeff Foster and it got me open."   -- Bogut on the mechanics of the game-winning play THE STAT:  The Bucks had 15 offensive rebounds in the first half and took a 56-48 lead into the break. The Pacers did a much better job in the second half, holding Milwaukee to just four offensive rebounds. But one of them was gathered in a miss by  John Salmons  and was fouled. Ilyasova's two free throws gave the Bucks a 95-93 lead with 49.6 seconds left. Milwaukee finished with a 19-5 edge on offensive boards. TURNING POINT:  The Pacers had a chance to win it at the end when they rebounded Salmons' miss with 24 seconds left, but Mbah a Moute got around a screen and Bogut also stepped up to force Indiana's  Danny Granger  (26 points) to pass the ball to Hibbert as the clock wound down. Hibbert barely drew iron on an 18-footer, and the ball landed out of bounds on the baseline, allowing the Bucks to set up the winning basket. QUOTABLE II:  "Maybe he should ask me."   -- Luc Richard Mbah a Moute when asked if he considered asking for a tip on long passes from Green Bay Packers quarterback  Aaron Rodgers , who was sitting about 40 up the sideline from where Mbah a Moute threw his pinpoint pass for the winning basket. HOT:   Ersan Ilyasova  made 7-for-14 shots and finished with 21 points and 10 rebounds for the Bucks. While 7 of 14 may not seem hot by normal standards, it's scorching on the Bucks, who shot just 36 percent (31-for-86) for the game and are dead last in the league at 40.4 percent for the season. Milwaukee shot under 40 percent for the 12th time in 21 games. NOT:  Bucks point guard  Keyon Dooling  made his first two shots of the night but that was not an omen of things to come. Dooling missed his last five and is shooting just 32.4 percent for the season (35-for-108). FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Granger finished with a game-high 26 points but made just 7-for-18 shots. Ilyasova (21 points and 10 rebounds) and Bogut (17 and 11) had double-doubles, and Bogut also had five blocked shots. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Green Bay Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers was in the front row for the second consecutive game. GOOD MOVE:  Picking Mbah a Moute for the final inbound pass. Mbah a Moute said his two-hand pass was the same as a throw-in in soccer, the game of his youth in his native Cameroon. ROOKIE WATCH:  Bucks forward  Larry Sanders  made his sixth straight start but struggled, picking up five fouls in just 15 minutes and going 1-for-7. NOTABLE:  Pacers forward  James Posey  was called for a flagrant-1 foul with 4:03 left in the half when he blocked a driving attempt by Jennings but knocked Jennings to the floor with some hard contact. ... Bogut finished with 11 rebounds, but only one came after halftime. ... Bogut also made 7 of his 10 free throws, a marked improvement over the 5-for-16 effort he had Saturday in a victory over Orlando. UP NEXT:  For the Pacers, Friday vs. Charlotte, Saturday @ Atlanta, Monday @ Chicago. For the Bucks, Friday vs. Houston, Monday @ Dallas, Wednesday @ San Antonio. 
