  Notebook: Spurs 83, Grizzlies 73   By Marlon W. Morgan, for NBA.com Posted Monday January 30, 2012 11:50PM THE FACTS:  The San Antonio Spurs showed no signs of being the older team playing its third road game in four nights. Shaking off a disappointing overtime defeat at Dallas on Sunday, the Spurs ventured into Memphis Monday night and soundly defeated the Grizzlies, 83-73, at FedExForum. Displaying a lack of effort the entire game, the Grizzlies were beaten in every phase of the game, causing the team to hold a players-only meeting afterwards, in hopes of snapping their season-high four-game losing streak. QUOTABLE:  "(The effort) wasn't there. We show spurts when we want to be good and then we show spurts where we're just playing lackadaisical. The overall effort is just not there for 48 minutes. When things are going good, we tend to stick together. But when the storm comes, it seems like a lot of us go our separate ways on the defensive end. It's like the trust isn't there. ... At the end of the day, we should never be talking about effort. That should never be the reason why we're losing these games."   --  Grizzlies guard  Tony Allen. THE STAT:  The Grizzlies offense clearly has deserted them. After shooting just under 50 percent during the team's seven-game winning streak, the team is now shooting just 38 percent during its current four-game slide. TURNING POINT:  After shooting 37 percent in the first half, the Grizzlies were lucky to be down just, 45-35 at the half. Unfortunately, things didn't get any better to start the second half. Shooting just 31 percent in the third quarter, the Grizzlies managed to score just 15 points and found themselves down, 70-50, heading into the final quarter. HOT:  San Antonio rookie guard  Kawhi Leonard  did his job on both ends of the floor. Offensively, he scored 12 points on 6 of 10 shooting and had four rebounds. Defensively, he not only grabbed six boards to give him a double-double, but he gave fits to Memphis forward  Rudy Gay . It was Leonard's second career double-double. NOT:  For whatever reason, Gay appeared to be frustrated the entire game. The Grizzlies leading scorer was 0 for 7 from the floor and scored just one point. QUOTABLE II:  "Kawhi's job is to play defense and to rebound. He enjoys the role and he's getting better and better at it as he figures out who he's playing against. He's catching onto it. For a rookie, the starting and playing like he is is a testament to his attentiveness and his learning ability."   --  Spurs head coach  Gregg Popovich  on San Antonio rookie Leonard. NOTABLE:  After playing three road games in four days, San Antonio returns home for three straight before embarking on a franchise-record tying nine-game road trip that runs from Feb. 6-23. ... Spurs forward  Matt Bonner  had it going from long range, canning 5 of 9 3-pointers to lead the team with 15 points. As a team, the Spurs were 10 for 24 from the 3-point line (41.7 percent). ... The Grizzlies also got a subpar effort from their second-leading scorer, center  Marc Gasol . Gasol made just 3 of 11 shots as he scored seven points. He did manage to grab 12 rebounds. The Grizzlies were led by  O.J. Mayo,  who came off the bench to score 17.  Mike Conley  added 15. ... The Grizzlies had just 10 assists, while the Spurs willingness to share the basketball led to 23 assists, led by  Tony Parker's  12. ... The Spurs win was their first at FedExForum since March 6, 2010, snapping a six-game losing streak in Memphis. UP NEXT:  For the Spurs, Wednesday vs. Houston, Thursday vs. New Orleans, Saturday vs. Oklahoma City. For the Grizzlies, Tuesday vs. Denver, Thursday @ Atlanta, Friday @ Oklahoma City.  