  Bobcats-Knicks notebook   By Adam Zagoria, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday November 23, 2010 11:49PM THE FACTS: Toney Douglas  scored 22 points off the bench and all five starters reached double-figures as the Knicks held on for their fourth straight win with a 110-107 victory over the Charlotte Bobcats at Madison Square Garden. QUOTABLE:  "We hit free throws. Me and Gallo hit big free throws to seal the game."    --  Raymond Felton  on how he and  Danilo Gallinari  made four straight foul shots in the final 15 seconds THE STAT:  After scoring 32 points in the first quarter, the speedball Knicks (7-8) had scored 30 or more points in nine of their last 14 quarters. They put up 28 in the second quarter, 29 in the third and 21 in the fourth. TURNING POINT:  After Charlotte cut the lead to 91-89 on a drive by  Gerald Wallace ,  Landry Fields  scored seven straight Knicks points to extend the lead to 98-91. Fields drained a 3-pointer, stole an in-bounds pass and converted for a layup and jammed home a follow dunk on a Felton miss. QUOTABLE II:  "Landry Fields, we were kind of dead in the water and he found a way to restart the engine ... Big hoops in big moments. The guy's pretty good."    -- Knicks coach  Mike D'Antoni HOT:  Felton, who enjoyed a strong West Coast trip as the Knicks went 3-1, had another strong game, putting up 16 points, nine assists, three rebounds and four turnovers against his old team. He hit two foul shots with 2.1 seconds left to ice the victory. NOT: Wilson Chandler  was just 2-for-8 for seven points after entering averaging 16.4 points. He hasn't scored 20 points since the Nov. 16 loss at Denver, when he dropped 23. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Bobby Bacala ( Steve Schirripa ) sat near where Knicks owner  Jim Dolan  normally sits. Carmela Soprano ( Edie Falco ) was here at another game recently. All they need now is for Tony and Meadow to show up to film the Sopranos movie. ...  John McEnroe  was courtside sporting a Jets hat. ROOKIE WATCH:  Fields, a rookie out of Stanford whose parents both played ball, continues to be tremendously efficient for New York, finishing with 14 points on 6-for-10 shooting, and seven rebounds. NOTABLE:  Felton expects some 500 family and friends at Wednesday's game in Charlotte, including his 77-year-old grandmother,  Jessie , who hasn't seen him play since high school. UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Wednesday @ Charlotte, Saturday vs. Atlanta, Sunday @ Detroit. For the Bobcats, Wednesday vs. New York, Friday vs. Houston, Saturday @ Milwaukee.  