  Notebook: Hornets 88, Grizzlies 75 Posted Sunday April 15, 2012 10:15PM Larry Holder, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Guard  Eric Gordon  scored a team-high 18 points as the New Orleans Hornets toppled the Memphis Grizzlies 88-75 on Sunday night at the New Orleans Arena. The Hornets are 5-2 when Gordon plays and 13-40 without him. Memphis now sits two games behind the Clippers for the fourth spot in the Western Conference with the loss. QUOTABLE I:  "It was ugly, nasty, nothing tough about it. ... We scored 75 points. You can't beat anyone scoring 75 points. ... However they came about (21 turnovers), we had 'em. Whatever the reasons, we had 'em. Our pick-and-roll defense was atrocious. Our defense period was atrocious. We just didn't muster up the energy to come out to play a hard-working team."   -- Grizzlies coach  Lionel Hollins THE STAT:  Pick a Memphis stat. The Grizzlies were sloppy and tired all the way around. The offense looked sluggish as Memphis only shot 35.7 percent from the floor and surrendered 21 turnovers. The defense allowed 28 points off of those 21 turnovers and played relatively soft against the Hornets, who struggle to score the basketball. TURNING POINT:  The Hornets clawed their way back from being down by as many as 11 points earlier in the game to hold the lead for the vast majority of the third quarter. New Orleans then put it in overdrive at the end of the third and beginning of the fourth quarter when it went on a 10-1 run. The Hornets never looked back and the Grizzlies simply looked tired. HOT:  Forward  Jason Smith  was one of two Hornets players to earn a double-double with 14 points and 10 rebounds. Smith has seemingly turned a corner with the Hornets and has been a consistent performer through nearly all of this season. NOT:  Memphis got very little offensive help from guards  Mike Conley  and  O.J. Mayo . Conley shot 1 of 8 from the floor for just five points. It seemed like Mayo shot the ball every time he touched, and usually it didn't fall as Mayo went 3 of 12 shooting for 11 points. INSIDE THE ARENA:  New Hornets owner  Tom Benson , hand in hand with his wife Gayle, attended his first Hornets game as the new owner of the team after buying the franchise late Thursday night. The Hornets are now 2-0 since Benson became the team's owner. General manager  Mickey Loomis  and several other Saints executives also sat courtside. Saints players  Pierre Thomas  and  Lance Moore  attended the Grizzlies game to show more Saints presence. QUOTABLE II:  "It's always good to play well in front of your new boss."   -- Hornets coach  Monty Williams  on winning in front of Benson FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Hornets forward  Carl Landry  picked up a double-double off the bench with 16 points and 11 rebounds. Williams said Landry had his way with Grizzlies forward  Zach Randolph . But Landry did leave the game midway through the fourth quarter with a left calf injury. He didn't return. NOTABLE:  Grizzlies center  Marc Gasol  sustained a left knee injury after being fouled by the Hornets'  Xavier Henry  with 7:02 left in the game. It looked like the two may have bumped knees. He shot a free throw, but left the court right after and went to the locker room. When asked about Gasol's injury, Hollins said, "I have no idea." ... Forward  Rudy Gay  was the only offensive force for Memphis scoring a game-high 24 points. ... Forward  Trevor Ariza  didn't leave the Hornets bench for the fourth consecutive game. Ariza isn't injured as Williams said he's simply giving younger players more minutes. UP NEXT:  For the Grizzlies, Tuesday @ Minnesota, Wednesday vs. New Orleans, Friday @ Charlotte. For the Hornets, Monday @ Charlotte, Wednesday @ Memphis, Thursday vs. Houston.  