Notebook: Spurs 100, Jazz 84 
 
 
 Andrew Aragon, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Dec 15, 2013 12:47 AM - Updated Sun Dec 15, 2013 12:47 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  The San Antonio Spurs opened a four-game road trip by winning their fourth straight game. Those four wins came in the last five nights.  
 
 THE LEAD:  It was the basketball equivalent of performing surgery on an opponent.  
 
 Tim Duncan  continued his resurgence after a slow start to the season,  Tony Parker  picked the Jazz apart, and San Antonio got another huge lift from its bench in a 100-84 victory over Utah on Saturday night.  
 Duncan had game-highs of 22 points and 12 rebounds in 29 minutes while Parker contributed 15 points and seven assists for the supposed long-in-the-tooth Spurs.  Kawhi Leonard  added 13 points for San Antonio.  
 The Jazz entered the game with some momentum after winning two straight road contests. They were outplayed in all facets, however, by the Spurs and trailed by double digits for the majority of the final 2 ½ quarters.  Trey Burke  had 20 points for Utah and  Gordon Hayward  had a nice stat line with 18 points, five rebounds and five assists.  
 Duncan had his fourth double-double in the last six games and his fifth of the season. In his first 13 games, Duncan averaged 11.3 points and 7.0 rebounds. In his last six, he's dramatically improved his numbers, averaging 18.5 points and 11.3 rebounds.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I sucked so badly the first 20 (games) or the first whatever, it's not really that hard to do much better. (I'm) still not shooting the ball well, but just trying to play hard and trying to find a way to contribute."  
 -- Tim Duncan on his improved play in recent games  
 
 
 THE STAT:  San Antonio's bench has been among the best in the NBA this season. Against the Jazz, they had a 47-22 scoring advantage over Utah's reserves and played an integral part of the Spurs pulling away in the second quarter and maintaining the team's lead.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Spurs dominated the second quarter, with one particular stretch standing out in their taking control of the game.  Matt Bonner  hit back-to-back 3-pointers to start an 11-2 run. After a basket by Burke,  Danny Green  buried a 3-pointer and Duncan dunked to give the Spurs their largest lead of the game at 47-28. Few teams in the league have any shot at rebounding from a 19-point deficit against San Antonio, and for the rebuilding Jazz it was an early nail in their coffin.  
 
 HOT:  The Spurs' defense is still stifling and effective after all these years. This season, San Antonio has allowed six opponents to score more than 100 points and just two teams to shoot better than 50 percent. The Jazz didn't get close to either stat with 84 points and a 39.3 field-goal percentage.  Marco Belinelli  leads the league in 3-point field-goal percentage at 54.5. He built on his first-place lead by shooting 3-for-3 from 3-point range while contributing 11 points off the bench.  Patty Mills  also scored in double figures off the bench with 11 points, and Leonard shot 6-for-8.  
 
 NOT: Alec Burks  came off the bench for Utah, tied for the second-most shots taken by Jazz players, and didn't make enough of them. Shot selection and shooting accuracy have been issues for the third-year player, and his performance against the Spurs was a prime example of both. He was just 4-for-16 and scored nine points. Shooting was a problem for Utah's entire bench as the reserves went 9-for-35. ... San Antonio missed 10 of its first 11 shots and scored six points in the game's first six minutes. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We wouldn't have been able to keep up with those young guys if the bench hadn't done what they did." 
 -- Spurs coach  Gregg Popovich  on the play of his reserves 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Popovich didn't rest any of his big guns on the second night of a back-to-back. He also closely monitored the minutes of his big three of Duncan, Parker and  Manu Ginobili . He found the right balance at the start of a difficult road trip as each player got a good mix of rest and playing time.  
 
 BAD MOVE:  The Jazz settled for too many jump shots, and didn't attack the Spurs enough. Their offense was stagnant and selfish, as Utah dished just 17 assists.  
 
 NOTABLE:  San Antonio had a 55-42 rebounding advantage over the Jazz. ... The Spurs were without  Tiago Splitter  for the fourth straight game because of left calf tightness. ... Utah recorded a season-high 11 blocked shots. ... For the second straight game, the Jazz's Jeremy Evans tied a career-high in rebounds with 11.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Spurs, Monday @ L.A. Clippers, Wednesday @ Phoenix, Thursday @ Golden State. For the Jazz, Monday @ Miami, Wednesday @ Orlando, Friday @ Atlanta. 
