Notebook: Timberwolves 124, Pelicans 112 
 
 
 Jim Beilby, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Thu Jan 02, 2014 12:06 AM - Updated Thu Jan 02, 2014 12:06 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  Minnesota connected on a season-high 55.7 percent of their shots and New Orleans turned the ball over 17 times in the first half alone. 
 
 THE LEAD:  With seven players scoring in double digits, the Minnesota Timberwolves didn't need a monster night from  Kevin Love  to defeat the New Orleans Pelicans, 124-112, on the first night of 2014.  Love failed to get a double-double for the first time since December 15th and his six rebounds were his lowest total this season.  But Minnesota's aggressiveness and physicality paid dividends as they drew 18 fouls and caused 16 turnovers in the first half alone.  And it was not just Minnesota's starting five that made a difference.  In their last game, a loss to Dallas, Minnesota's bench scored only five points, a lack of production publicly noted by Love.  Tonight, the bench responded with 42 points, led by 17 points from  J.J. Barea . 
 
 Ricky Rubio  had a strong night, with 14 points, nine assists, eight rebounds, and three steals, as did  Nikola Pekovic  with 22 points. 
 
 Ryan Anderson  led the Pelicans in scoring with 25 points. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "Obviously, we didn't play well but I will take the hit on this one because I thought our game plan was too difficult for our guys tonight.  We came up with some different schemes to try to take Kevin out in pick-and-rolls, but we gave up too much dribble penetration.  That's on me.  I've got to keep the game plan more simple than I did against a team like Minnesota with some veteran players who know how to make you pay if you make a mistake." 
 -- New Orleans coach  Monty Williams 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Minnesota lost the rebounding battle (48-42), but their aggressiveness led to 35 free throw attempts, a season high 55.7 percent field goal percentage, and 124 points (which equals the season high). 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Minnesota led by five after the first quarter and by 14 at half.  But it was a 19-2 run in the third quarter that made the difference.  Minnesota went on to build a 30-point lead in the third quarter and while the Pelicans scored 39 points in the final frame to make the score more respectable, it never felt like the victory was in doubt for Minnesota. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "This was a great effort against a good team.  We reacted, got stops and moved the ball.  I think it is the first time that Kevin had a bad game for him and we won, so that is a good thing for us." 
 -- Minnesota guard   Barea 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  With  Anthony Davis  on Love for most of the night, Love had a respectable even if below average night with 21 points and six rebounds.  But with Davis having to chase Love out to the 3-point line, that put Anderson on Pekovic and allowed Minnesota to attack the basket. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  While New Orleans took better care of the ball in the second half (only giving it up twice compared to 16 times in the first half), they seemed tentative for most of the third quarter and allowed Minnesota to build a 30 point lead. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "The important thing is that we had a 14 point lead (at half) and we expanded on it.  And that's what we wanted to do. ... It was a sustained effort.  No matter what the score is we have to sustain our effort." 
 -- Minnesota coach  Rick Adelman 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  Tonight Minnesota scored 120-plus points for the league-leading sixth time, matching a franchise record set in 2010-11 and 1991-92. ... Tonight's 21 points by Love ends a streak of 11 consecutive games that he has scored 25-plus points, the longest such streak in the league this season and the longest in club history. ...  Eric Gordon  showed a little bit of rust as he returned to the lineup having missed three games. He scored 12 points on 5-for-12 shooting. ... This game was a battle for the 9th spot in the Western conference.  Minnesota came into the game with a slightly better record (15-16) than New Orleans (14-15).  Both teams are three games behind Dallas, which owns the 8th spot. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Wolves, Saturday vs. Oklahoma City, Monday at Philadelphia, Wednesday vs. Phoenix.  For the Pelicans, Friday at Boston, Saturday at Indiana, Tuesday at Miami. 
