  Notebook: Sixers 103, Wizards 83   By Andy Jasner, for NBA.com Posted Monday January 23, 2012 10:07PM THE FACTS: Elton Brand  and  Jrue Holiday  scored 17 points each, and the Philadelphia 76ers cruised to a 103-83 victory over the Washington Wizards Monday night at the Wells Fargo Center. Brand was a game-time decision with gastroenteritis, but he responded with 29 solid minutes.  Jodie Meeks  scored 15 points while  Lou Williams  and  Thaddeus Young  had 14 points each. The Sixers improved to 12-5 overall and 8-1 at home. They also defeated the Wizards for the third time this season. Jordan Crawford  paced the Wizards with 17 points while  Andray Blatche  and  John Wall  scored 13 points apiece. The skidding Wizards (2-15) fell to 0-7 on the road and remain the lone team in the league without a road victory. QUOTABLE:  "We had to set a tone. We were short and wanted to come out strong."  --  Brand, on building a 30-point lead at halftime. THE STAT:  The Wizards missed all seven of their 3-pointers. TURNING POINT:  After blitzing to a 33-14 lead after the first quarter, the Sixers kept pushing hard and outscored Washington 29-18 in the second. They made shots, played terrific perimeter defense and simply never let the Wizards back in the game. HOT:  Sixers second-round pick  Lavoy Allen  scored a career-high 10 points and knocked down all five shots. NOT: JaVale McGee  was a non-factor in this game for the Wizards going 1-for-4 from the field and 0-for-2 from the free throw line. McGee pulled down only two rebounds and blocked two shots, but didn't make an impact on this night. QUOTABLE II:  "I was worried about running into a buzzsaw tonight. But we never let them get started."  --  Sixers coach  Doug Collins , on facing the 2-15 Wizards. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT: Andre Iguodala  had seven points, 11 assists and seven rebounds. He had nine assists in the first quarter alone. INSIDE THE ARENA:  It was fairly quiet inside the Wells Fargo Center for a Monday night matchup against the struggling Wizards. The sparse crowd of 10,108 did respond emphatically when the Sixers broke the game open before halftime ended. Former Philadelphia Eagles punter  Sean Landeta  attended the game. QUOTABLE III:  "It's very difficult to play catch-up. You have to play at their tempo instead of the tempo you want to play at."  --  Wizards coach  Flip Saunders . GOOD MOVE:  Collins began the night short-handed without center  Spencer Hawes  and forward  Nikola Vucevic . He still went deep into his bench in the first half, playing nine guys. With home games looming Wednesday, Friday and Saturday, the Sixers need to be as fresh as possible. And Collins is smart enough to know that. BAD MOVE:  The Wizards didn't shoot well, but they also didn't move the ball, either. They had just nine assists on 16 field goals in the first half alone and wound up with 15 assists on 32 field goals. ROOKIE WATCH: Chris Singleton  started at forward for the Wizards and went scoreless with one rebound in six minutes. Forward  Jan Vesely  had two points and three rebounds while guard  Shelvin Mack  added six points and two rebounds. Vucevic missed the game with a left knee quad strain while Allen had 10 clutch points and six rebounds in 17 minutes for the Sixers. NOTABLE:  The 62 points scored by the Sixers in the first half was a season-high. ... The Sixers made their final eight shots of the first half in which they shot a sizzling 65 percent (26 of 40). ... The Sixers haven't lost consecutive games all season. ... Philadelphia had a season-low seven turnovers and held its opponent under 90 points for the 11th time this season. NEXT:  For the Wizards, Wednesday vs. Charlotte, Friday @ Houston, Saturday @ Charlotte. For the Sixers, Wednesday vs. New Jersey, Friday vs. Charlotte, Saturday vs. Detroit.  