  Notebook: Spurs 93, Mavericks 71   By Tim Price, for NBA.com Posted Thursday January 5, 2012 11:50PM THE FACTS:  The only thing missing for the Dallas Mavericks was the raising of a championship banner, because their 93-71 loss Thursday night against the Spurs was as dreadful as the season-opener against Miami. The Mavericks shot 35 percent -- including a ghastly 1-of-19 past the 3-point line -- and San Antonio was one of the most dominating teams to shoot less than 40 percent from the floor while taking a 93-71 victory over Dallas at AT&T Center. The Mavs (3-5) were so much off their game that even though San Antonio shot 3-of-20 in the third quarter, the Spurs entered the final quarter with a 24-point lead. The Spurs are 5-2, all wins coming at home and the only 5-0 team in the league at this point. Matt Bonner  came off the bench to lead the Spurs with 17 points off five 3-pointers. Four other San Antonio players hit double figures. Another bench player, Jason Terry, led Dallas with 12.  Dirk Nowitzki  had a season-low six points, and things got worse when Jason Kidd left the game following the first quarter with a lower back strain. QUOTABLE:  "It's a hit-first league. They hit us first, and we didn't respond well enough in the first half. Disappointing. San Antonio's energy to start the game was better. Their competitive level was higher. The decisive part of the game was the first half. I don't know if there's a lot of analysis beyond that really. We take it like men and get on to the next one. We all own it."   --  Dallas coach  Rick Carlisle. THE STAT:  The Spurs did not commit a turnover until 4 1/2 minutes into the second quarter. But the Mavs had turned it over nine times by then, and San Antonio jumped out to a 13-0 margin on points off turnovers and ended the game with a 15-6 edge. Throw in the fact that the Mavs missed their first 14 shots from the 3-point line and they were the basketball equivalent of the golfer who is short and crooked off the tee. Bad combination. TURNING POINT:  When did the Mavericks get off the bus? They were hardly in the game.  Gary Neal , playing in his second game of the season after an appendectomy two weeks before the season started, hit a 3-pointer over Kidd to start the game. He would add two more in the next 5:10, the Spurs led 19-4, and the Mavericks had called as many timeouts -- two -- as shots made. They did have three turnovers. QUOTABLE II:  "They (the Mavs) were playing four games in five nights. We were three in four nights, and neither team was very sharp. Both teams have a long way to go."   --  San Antonio coach  Gregg Popovich. HOT:  San Antonio hit five of their first six shots from the 3-point line early in the game. Neal's first three shots were threes, all makes, and he went 4-of-7 for the night from distance. Bonner was 5-of-9. San Antonio was fourth coming into the game in 3-point percentage (42 percent), and Dallas was 24th in defending it. NOT: Pick a Maverick, any Maverick just about. Nowitzki? He got off to a 1-of-5 start and finished 3-of-11.  Roddy Beaubois , who came in for Kidd after his injury? He was 1-of-8.  Shawn Marion ? Try 1-of-6. You get the idea.  Delonte West  did finish 4-of-6 for 10 points. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  No one had a double-double, but  Richard Jefferson  did finish with 16 points and seven rebounds. He's averaged 16 points the last three games, which is beating his season average of 11 points from last season. GOOD MOVE:  Putting Neal into the starting lineup replaces some of the assurance the Spurs miss without  Manu Ginobili , who is expected to miss six weeks after surgery on his left hand today. Neal hit those opening 3-pointers, and San Antonio was off to the races. BAD MOVE:  Both teams were coming off games the night before. And although it was a home back-to-back for the Spurs, the trip for the Mavs down to San Antonio is a short one-hour flight, if that much. Perhaps, with Dallas leading by 11 over Phoenix heading into the fourth quarter the night before, Nowitzki did not have to play more than 34 minutes and Terry could have been trimmed down from 33 minutes. ROOKIE WATCH: Kawhi Leonard  rebounded after his season low of eight minutes against Golden State with 19 minutes against Dallas, with a rather quiet four points and a rebound. NOTABLE:  Before he left with the back injury, Kidd managed to keep his weird statistic in tact. He still hadn't made a shot inside the 3-point line. He's 12-of-34 on 3-pointers and 0-of-5 inside it. UP NEXT:  For the Mavericks, Saturday vs. New Orleans, Tuesday @ Detroit, Wednesday @ Boston. For the Spurs, Saturday vs. Denver, Sunday @ Oklahoma City, Tuesday @ Milwaukee.  