  Pacers-Thunder notebook   By Randy Renner, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday March 2, 2011 11:13PM THE FACTS:  The Oklahoma City Thunder raced out to a 10-0 lead to start the game and never looked back, cruising to a 113-89 win over the Indiana Pacers. The big news of the night though was Thunder All-Star  Kevin Durant  leaving the game late in the third quarter with a sprained left ankle. Durant was taken to the Thunder locker room and did not return. He finished with 21 points. All-Star point guard  Russell Westbrook  also had 21 and handed out nine assists.  James Harden  added 20. The Pacers were led by  Tyler Hansbrough  with 13 points.  Dahntay Jones  added a dozen.  Danny Granger , who had 27 against Golden State the night before, finished with just nine points on 3-for-11 shooting. QUOTABLE:  "I just know it's a sprained left ankle, I don't have any other update."   -- Thunder coach  Scott Brooks  on Kevin Durant's status. THE STAT:  The Thunder defense held Indiana to just 34.1percent shooting and 23.1percent on three-pointers (3-for-13). TURNING POINT:  Oklahoma City played it's best defense of the season through three quarters, limiting the Pacers to just 31.3 percent shooting. During that same time the Thunder offense was clicking, 52.5 percent overall and 7-for-14 on three pointers. The Thunder led by 27 at the end of the third and it was crusie control the rest of the way. QUOTABLE II:  "I wanted us to set the tone on defense from the start and that's what we did."   --Brooks. HOT:  In the first half both teams combined to go 34-for-37 from the free throw line. Oklahoma City was a perfect 19-for-19 and Indiana was 15-for-18 (83.3 percent). NOT:  In the first quarter the Pacers scored 18 points, eight of those coming at the free throw line, on just 5-for-22 shooting (22.7percent). GOOD MOVE:  Westbrook and  Thabo Sefolosha  had been clogging the passing lanes all night, halfway through the third quarter Westbrook steps in and knocks the ball away from  Brandon Rush  then races away on another fast break. Westbrook scored despite being fouled by Rush BAD MOVE:  In the second quarter Kevin Durant missed a jumper from out near the three-point line, Indiana had three players under the basket and none of them could control the rebound before the ball bounced off two pairs of Pacer hands and bounced out of bounds. NOTABLE:  Over the last six games Thunder guard  Daequan Cook  has been scorching from long range going 19-for-37 on three-pointers (51.4 percent). UP NEXT:  For the Pacers, Friday @ Dallas, Saturday @ Houston, Tuesday vs 76ers. For the Thunder, Friday @ Atlanta, Sunday vs Suns, Monday @ Memphis.  