  Hawks-Wizards notebook   By Rich Dubroff, for NBA.com Posted Saturday February 5, 2011 11:27PM THE FACTS: Josh Smith  had 29 points and a season-high 16 rebounds to lead the Atlanta Hawks to their third straight win, 99-92 over the Washington Wizards on Saturday night. Playing without the injured  Al Horford , who was out with a bruised back, the Hawks led nearly the entire game.  Joe Johnson  added 21 points, and  Marvin Williams  had 15 and 12 rebounds, which equaled his season high. Washington lost for the eighth straight time -- their longest skid of the season. The Wizards were led by  Nick Young 's 21 points.  John Wall  had 18, but missed five of his seven free throws. It was Washington's 12th straight loss to Atlanta. QUOTABLE:  "The one thing I've seen with our club is that we've been able to weather storms. ... Even with them up by one point, I was still very comfortable. I thought we were in a great position. I knew our guys were not going to panic."   -- Atlanta coach  Larry Drew  on his club's resiliency THE STAT:  The Hawks are 12-4 on the second night of back-to-backs. "I just think we're starting to come together as a team. We've been together for a while. I think our guys are starting to see what it takes to win on that back-to-back," Drew said. "They embrace back-to-backs." TURNING POINT:  The Wizards led for only moments on Saturday night. When Washington led 70-69 with 1:49 to play in the third quarter,  Jamal Crawford  scored three straight field goals to give Atlanta a 76-71 lead after three. QUOTABLE II:  "We have so many weapons on the team. It can be anybody's night at any given time. Coach was running plays for me, and I was able to execute them."   -- Smith on whether he felt he had to be the preeminent player with Horford out. HOT:  Smith shot 11-for-19 from the field and made six of his eight from the line. NOT:  Crawford made just three of his 12 field-goal attempts, but they came within 48 seconds late in the third quarter. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Smith was upset not making the All-Star team, and if he continues to play this well, he's likely to not only lead Atlanta to wins, but be a valuable second-half pickup, too. GOOD MOVE:  The Hawks kept looking for Smith, and he kept hitting. They needed him, and he was consistent. "We don't get rattled too easily," Smith said. . BAD MOVE:  The Wizards were always a step behind the Hawks. Andray Blatche seemed to disappear as Smith and Williams dominated the boards. Atlanta outrebounded Washington 45-33. ROOKIE WATCH:  A night after Washington's  Trevor Booker  had six blocks in 24 minutes, the rookie forward had none in 12 -- and five fouls. Besides the 21 points, Wall had six rebounds and six assists. INSIDE THE ARENA: Bob Dandridge , who was a starting forward on the only Washington Bullets' championship team in 1977-78, and the current present of the team's alumni association, sat next to the Wizards' bench. NOTABLE:  The Wizards played their second home game in as many nights. It was the second time in two weeks they'd play consecutive home games after not having done so since Nov. 11-12, 2005. UP NEXT:  For the Hawks: Tuesday vs. Philadelphia, Saturday vs. Charlotte, Feb. 14 @ Detroit; For the Wizards: Wednesday vs. Milwaukee, Saturday vs. San Antonio, Feb. 13 @ Cleveland  