  Mavericks-Rockets notebook   By Matt Miller, for NBA.com Posted Saturday February 12, 2011 11:51PM THE FACTS:  The Dallas Mavericks built a 23-point lead and squandered nearly all of it before finishing strong in a 106-102 victory over the Houston Rockets on Saturday at Toyota Center. Peja Stojakovic  scored a season-high 22 points to lead six Mavericks in double figures.  Dirk Nowitzki  added 22 points and six rebounds for Dallas (38-16), which has won 11 of its last 12 games overall and six of seven on the road. Kyle Lowry  paced Houston (25-30) with 26 points and eight assists, while  Kevin Martin  chipped in 17 points on 6-for-15 shooting. Saturday's loss drops the Rockets to 0-7 this season against Southwest Divison foes who are currently set to make the playoffs. QUOTABLE:  "Any of the guys in the rotation are potential clutch playmakers. ... That balance defines who we are."   -- Mavericks coach  Rick Carlisle  on the play of his bench and Stojakovic THE STAT:  Dallas scored 40 of its 57 first-half points in the paint, displaying the lack of resistance that Houston put up around the basket before halftime. The Rockets have allowed at least 52 points in the paint in four of the last six games. THE STAT II:  Houston climbed back into the game with the 3-point shot, connecting on eight of its first 15 attempts from behind the arc in the second half. TURNING POINT:  After the Rockets scored the first bucket of the second quarter to take a four-point lead, Dallas took control of the contest with a 25-11 run that gave it a 48-38 lead. Houston's defense was beyond lackluster during this stretch, allowing the Mavericks to break it down and enter the lane at will. The run was capped by a  Tyson Chandler  alley-oop slam, epitomizing how easily Dallas scored in the second period. TURNING POINT II:  The Mavericks' transition defense was non-existent for most of the second half, which allowed the Rockets to cut their deficit to 95-92 with 2:15 left to play. But Nowitzki calmly sank a mid-range jumper and Jason Kidd made a layup after a Jason Terry steal, pushing Dallas' advantage to 99-92 with 1:42 remaining. QUOTABLE II:  "I don't know what it is about Dallas where we feel like we have to get down 27 points before we play. ... We put no fight up until the second half."   -- Houston coach  Rick Adelman  on his team's effort in the first half HOT:  The Mavericks lit the nets on fire in the second quarter, scoring 34 points on 15-for-20 (75 percent) shooting. Dallas has put up 73 points (average of 36.5) in the second quarter of its last two games. NOT:  Houston, which hit only 39 of its 96 field-goal attempts Saturday, has shot 41.0 percent (107-for-261) from the field in three meetings with the Mavericks this season. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Stojakovic delivered his best performance since joining the Mavericks, scoring a season-high 22 points on 8-for-12 shooting to go with four assists. Owners looking for a mid-season steal could pick up Stojakovic off waivers, and stash him on the bench while monitoring his play. QUOTABLE III:  "It's easy to play with these guys. I get so many good looks because they draw so much attention. ... There's so much talent out there at the same. I'm trying to get involved in the offense without taking anything away from the guys who have been playing so good. So far I've been getting great looks."   -- Peja Stojakovic on fitting in with his newest teammates ROOKIE WATCH:  Houston's  Patrick Patterson  played less than two minutes and missed his only shot. Aside from that, his stat line was stuffed with zeroes. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Play was interrupted for several minutes during the second quarter after a fan's beverage spilled onto the court. A Mavericks fan donning a blue Nowitzki jersey was sitting near the spill, and though it was unclear who caused the disruption, the Rocket faithful rained boos on the Dallas sympathizer. ... Former University of Arizona basketball coach  Lute Olson  attended Saturday's game. NOTABLE:  With four treys Saturday, Stojakovic (1,723) passed  Dale Ellis  (1,719) for fourth all-time in 3-point makes. ... Dallas has won eight of its last 11 games in Houston. ... The Mavericks improved to 27-2 season when they score at least 100 points. ... Dallas is now 23-5 when it pulls down more rebounds than its opponent. ... The Mavericks improved to 16-2 when at least two players score 20-plus points. ... At least five Dallas players have scored in double figures in 11 consecutive games. ... The Rockets have won only five home games this season against clubs that currently have winning records. ... Houston center  Chuck Hayes  has scored in double figures in a career-high four consecutive games. UP NEXT:  For the Mavericks, Wednesday vs. Sacramento, Thursday @ Phoenix (TNT), Feb. 23 vs. Utah. For the Rockets, Monday vs. Denver, Wednesday vs. Philadelphia , Feb. 22 @ Detroit.  