Notebook: Clippers 93, Knicks 80 
 
 
 Dan Arritt, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Thu Nov 28, 2013 1:51 AM - Updated Thu Nov 28, 2013 1:51 AM 
 
 THE FACT:   Clippers forward  Blake Griffin  finished with 15 points and 13 rebounds for his ninth straight double-double. 
 
 THE LEAD:   The Clippers found a way to finish off the visiting Knicks without their most clutch player Wednesday night.  Chris Paul  left the game in the third quarter with a right hamstring strain and didn't return, though he did rejoin his team on the bench as they put a stamp on their 93-80 victory at Staples Center. 
 
 QUOTABLE:   "It was tweak of the hamstring, nothing bad. When he came back, he wanted to play, but that wasn't going to happen tonight, no way." 
 -- Clippers coach  Doc Rivers 
 
 
 THE STAT:   The Knicks have lost seven straight games, the longest losing streak in the career of All-Star forward  Carmelo Anthony  in games in which he has played.    
 
 TURNING POINT:   The Knicks cut the deficit to four on the opening possession of the fourth quarter and Paul, the player who usually saves L.A. from fourth-quarter collapses, was nowhere to be seen. But the Clippers didn't blink, instead reeling off nine straight points to move back ahead by 13. New York didn't put up much of a fight after that, scoring just 10 points following the 9-0 run. 
 
 HOT:   Even before Paul went down, the Clippers flashed their depth against the Knicks, as 10 players had a field goal by the 8:13 mark of the second quarter. At the half, no player for the Clippers had scored in double figures, yet they still shot 51.4 percent and held a four-point lead. By comparison, Anthony and  Andrea Bargnani  had combined for 35 of New York's 45 first-half points. Defensively, the Clippers have done a masterful job in the fourth quarter the last two games, holding the Bulls to nine points in the final frame Sunday and the Knicks to 12. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:   "The bench came in and changed the pace of the game, the speed and the floor spacing."   
 -- Doc Rivers 
 
 
 NOT:   Knicks backup forward  Metta World Peace  made his first return to Staples Center since he left the Lakers and showed the Clippers fans what L.A. has been missing. His first shot was a no-look fall-away jumper that barely grazed the rim and he went on to miss his next five field goal attempts as well, finishing scoreless in 10 minutes. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  The Clippers entered the game second in the NBA in scoring at 107.9 points, but proved they could win a slow-paced game as well. The 80 points scored was the fewest by an L.A. opponent this season. 
 
 BAD MOVE:   The Clippers had a chance to put away the Knicks much sooner after stretching their lead to 11 with 8:13 left in the first half, but they got sloppy and strung together eight consecutive poor possessions. Meanwhile, the Knicks were knitting together an 11-0 run to tie the score at 40. Griffin made an unnecessary shove on Bargnani in the first two minutes of the game and that move came back to bite him when he was whistled for his second foul while trying to guard Anthony with 6:28 still left in the third quarter. He then went back to the bench after picking up foul No. 3 with 1:59 left in the half. Fortunately, he was on the floor enough in the second half to keep his double-double streak alive and get the Clippers a win. 
 
 NOTABLE:   Knicks point guard  Raymond Felton  returned after missing the last four games with a pinched nerve in his hip. He finished with 12 points and seven assists in 35 minutes. ...  Antawn Jamison  made his second appearance of the season for the Clippers, filling in for Griffin after he picked up his second foul. ... Opponents averaged 106 points against the Clippers through the first 11 games, but only 93 in the last five. 
 
 UP NEXT:   For the Clippers, Friday @ Sacramento, Sunday vs. Indiana, Wednesday @ Atlanta. For the Knicks, Friday @ Denver, Sunday vs. New Orleans, Thursday @ Brooklyn. 
