  Pacers-Celtics notebook   By Brian Robb, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday March 16, 2011 11:39PM THE FACTS:  New addition  Jeff Green  jumpstarted the Boston Celtics offense with 13 second quarter points, helping the C's cruise to a 92-80 victory over the Indiana Pacers.  Paul Pierce  led all scorers with an efficient 20 points and five assists in 27 minutes of action. Boston was also sparked by the return of  Delonte West  who played for the first time in three weeks after recovering from a sprained left ankle.  Josh McRoberts  had a double-double for the Pacers with 14 points and 11 rebounds, as Indiana had their two-game winning streak snapped. With the win, Boston improved to 21-0 at home against the Eastern Conference and pulled even with the Chicago Bulls for the top spot in the East. QUOTABLE:  "We were just doing our job, trying to create for the team and spark up a little run."  --  Green on the Celtics' second unit in the second quarter. THE STAT:  Boston did not have a turnover in over 20 consecutive minutes of game action, a stretch that lasted from the end of the first quarter all the way through the 4:02 mark of the third. The Celtics outscored the Pacers 49-36 over that period of error-free basketball. TURNING POINT:  A sloppy defensive affair in the early stages of the first half quickly shifted midway through the second quarter. The Celtics erupted with a 15-2 run capped by three consecutive three-pointers to break open a 29-29 for the home team. Boston held the advantage the rest of the contest. QUOTABLE II:  "He's been playing somewhere, because his rhythm was too good. He's been in a recreation league or something. I was amazed how well he handled the ball."  --  Boston coach Doc Rivers on West/ HOT:  Green -- The Celtics acquired the former Georgetown star to gain a little more firepower off the bench, and Green happily adhered to the need on Wednesday night. After Boston scored a mere 15 points in the first quarter, Green caught fire in the second, scoring 13 of his 17 first half points in the frame, which helped to wake Boston out of its offensive slumber. NOT:   Tyler Hansbrough  -- The 3rd year power forward had his string of five straight 20-point outings broken up by  Kevin Garnett  and the Celtics. Hansbrough struggled to find a rhythm all evening, hitting just four of his 13 attempts from the field for 10 points. The starter did stay active on the glass all night despite his shooting woes, grabbing a team-high 11 boards. QUOTABLE III:  "I'm not going to lie, they're really good defensively. They're physical, they're tough but at the same time we missed some easy ones."  --  Hansbrough. GOOD MOVE:  Rivers stuck with his new-look bench unit for vast majority of his fourth quarter. Despite  Rajon Rondo , Garnett and Pierce resting the entire frame, the C's remained in complete control for the final 12 minutes, never leading by fewer than 12 points. ROOKIE WATCH:   Paul George  started his fifth consecutive game for the Pacers at shooting guard and tied for the team lead in scoring with 15 points. The rookie out of Fresno State had a terrific all-around game as well, chipping in with seven rebounds, three steals and a block as he continues to make a strong case to keep his starting spot for the remainder of the season NOTABLE:  The Celtics ownership paid tribute to TV broadcasters  Mike Gorman  and  Tommy Heinsohn  in a ceremony before the game for their 30-year anniversary of calling Celtics games. They celebrated the duo by presenting them Celtics jerseys with their last names embroidered on them. Despite the loss, Indiana outrebounded Boston 49-36 and had 19 offensive boards overall. Boston was the more aggressive team all night, with 33 free throw attempts compared to just 13 for Indiana. West had two points, two rebounds and three assists in his return to action.  Troy Murphy  had his best outing in green thus far with six points and three rebounds including a highlight reel reverse jam in the 4th quarter.  Danny Granger  hit just 5-of-16 shots as his struggles against Boston this year continue. Through three games this season, he has hit just 15-of-57 field goal attempts. The Celtics wore their green and yellow St. Patrick's Day themed uniforms for the third straight game. UP NEXT:  For the Pacers, Friday vs. Chicago, Saturday @ Memphis, Monday @ New Jersey. For the Celtics, Friday @ Houston, @ New Orleans, Monday @ New York.  