  Notebook: Spurs 120, Warriors 99 Posted Tuesday April 17, 2012 2:08AM By Geoff Lepper, for NBA.com THE FACTS: Gary Neal  had a team-high 17 points with five assists and  Tiago Splitter  added 15 points and eight rebounds as the San Antonio Spurs spread the wealth effectively Monday in a 120-99 romp over the Golden State Warriors that put them back on top of the Western Conference standings. Neal led the Spurs in playing time with just 25 minutes.  Tim Duncan  had 13 points in 11 first-half minutes before shutting things down at intermission as San Antonio prepared for the final two legs of its all-California back-to-back-to-back. The Spurs (43-16), who moved percentage points ahead of Oklahoma City (44-17) with the Thunder's loss to the Clippers, face the Lakers in Los Angeles on Tuesday, then finish their trip in Sacramento on Wednesday. Nate Robinson  paced the Warriors with a game- and season-high 30 points, adding seven assists, but 15 of those points came in the fourth quarter, when the Spurs had thoroughly emptied their bench.  Klay Thompson  had 29 points, eight rebounds and five assists as one of four Golden State rookies to start. QUOTABLE:  "It's always good to start out a game and be able to hold onto a lead in the NBA. Sometimes it's your worst nightmare to get a big lead in the first quarter, but I thought they sustained it pretty well."  --  Spurs head coach  Gregg Popovich . THE STAT:  The Spurs turned the game into a foul-line parade from the opening tap. San Antonio took 17 free throws in the first quarter alone, and had 43 on the evening, tying their season high. The 36-15 disparity in points at the line more than made up for the fact that San Antonio only shot 39.1 percent from the field. TURNING POINT:  The game was decided as soon as Warriors head coach  Mark Jackson  turned in his lineup card. The injury-riddled Warriors put eighth-year forward  Dorell Wright  on the floor to open the game, along with four rookies: shooting guard Thompson, point guard  Charles Jenkins , power forward  Jeremy Tyler  and center  Mickell Gladness , who got his first career NBA start in place of injured  Andris Biedrins  (mild concussion). This marked the first instance in the Elias Sports Bureau's 41-plus seasons of tracking starting lineups that the Warriors had used four rookies at the same time -- meaning it's happened once in the franchise's last 3,390 games. The lineup was predictably bad, flopping to a 13-5 deficit before  Brandon Rush  entered the game with 7:26 remaining in the first quarter as the Warriors' first sub. San Antonio led 39-24 after the first quarter to end any suspense. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  With  Tony Parker  (14:52),  Manu Ginobili  (14:35) and Duncan (11:18) playing very limited minutes and none past halftime, the door was open for other Spurts to step through and take advantage. Splitter came through with his biggest scoring night in almost a month, and Neal was four points off his season high. QUOTABLE II:  "They are extremely well coached, which is obvious, by one of the best ever to do it. They have three guys that'll one day in the Hall of Fame. They're very efficient. They make you pay when you make mistakes. They're an outstanding basketball team and they will be a very tough out come playoff time, because of those things."  --  Warriors head coach Jackson. HOT AND NOT:  Thompson alternated between either extreme all night. He started 0-for-4, drained six straight shots, then clanked another five in a row before finishing on a 6-for-7 kick. All told, he went 12-for-22 on the evening. ROOKIE WATCH:  Spurs forward  Kawhi Leonard  had seven points and seven boards in just 16 minutes before resting for the final 20:55. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Spurs swingman  Stephen Jackson  and Warriors center  Andrew Bogut  -- teammates in Milwaukee for the first two-thirds of this season before they were shipped out of town last month -- caught up in the hallway outside San Antonio's locker room. Jackson did an exaggerated double-take at seeing Bogut, who's been out since January with a fractured left ankle, is no longer wearing a walking boot on that foot. NOTABLE:  Several hours before tipoff, the Warriors officially signed center  Mikki Moore  for his second stint with Golden State. Moore told the Contra Costa Times that he'd been working on his 1972 Chevrolet Chevelle when the Warriors' call came through. Moore, who previously played for Golden State in 2009-10, clocked 8:31, with two points, four boards and five fouls. . . . San Antonio has won 14 straight against the Warriors, and 46 of the last 53. . . . The Spurs' 70-point first half represents the most points allowed by Golden State in any half this season. . . . Tyler wound up with his first career double-double, carding 11 points and 10 rebounds. . . . The last NBA team before the Warriors to start four rookies in the same game was the Denver Nuggets, who trotted out the ageless  Juwan Howard  alongside then-newcomers  Nene, Nikoloz Tskitishvili, Junior Harrington  and  Vincent Yarbrough  against Orlando on March 9, 2003. Not surprisingly, the Nuggets lost, 111-98. UP NEXT:  For the Warriors, Wednesday vs. Lakers, Friday @ Dallas, Saturday @ Houston. For the Spurs, Tuesday @ Lakers, Wednesday @ Sacramento, Friday vs. Lakers  