  Notebook: Heat 93, Pacers 91 Posted Sunday March 11, 2012 12:18AM By Shandel Richardson, for NBA.com    THE FACTS:  Guard  Dwyane Wade  hit a 19-foot jumper with one-tenths of a second remaining to give the Miami Heat a 93-91 overtime victory against the Indiana Pacers on Saturday at AmericanAirlines Arena. The Wade basket came after Heat forward  LeBron James  missed a potential game-winner. The shot was rebounded by  Udonis Haslem , who quickly passed the ball to James. James then gave the ball to Wade for the final shot. Wade, who finished with a game-high 28 points, hit the winner over Pacers guard  Paul George . It was the Heat's 12th straight victory at home. James finished with 27 points, eight rebounds and four assists. It was James who was responsible for forcing overtime. He made a 3-pointer from the corner with 10.2 seconds left to tie it at 85. The Pacers, who led by as many as 14 in the first half, were led by  Danny Granger 's 19 points and seven rebounds. QUOTABLE:  "It's a little different on the road when you make a big shot. It quiets the crowd. At home, it's a little different. You see so many people cheering and you kind of want to enjoy it with them. It was just a great moment in (AmericanAirlines Arena) to enjoy a gutsy win by our team."   -- Wade THE STAT:  The Heat shot 64 percent from the free throw line and 23 percent on 3-pointers, yet still were able to find a way to win on a night where they struggled offensively. TURNING POINT:  With the lead changing 13 times and 15 ties, this one was close throughout. The momentum never swayed until Wade's winning basket in the closing seconds. QUOTABLE II:  "We had this game won. We know we can compete with this team, if not beat this team. This was our game to win."   -- Pacers guard Darren Collison HOT:  Wade scored 22 of his points in the first half, setting the tone early. After a scoreless third quarter, he once again closed strong. NOT:  The Heat were once again cold from the 3-point line, going 3-for-13. This comes three days after shooting 0-for-10 against the Atlanta Hawks. GOOD MOVE:  For the past two years, it's been about which Heat player takes the last shot. After James got them to overtime, he then deferred to Wade in the closing moments. BAD MOVE:  The Pacers had a chance to close out the Heat when they led by five in overtime. Instead, they allowed the Heat to hang around, largely because of James' play. NOTABLE:  Heat assistant coach  Bob McAdoo  was not in attendance because of a blood clot in his leg. UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Tuesday @ Orlando, Wednesday @ Chicago, Friday @ Philadelphia. For the Pacers, Sunday @ Orlando, Tuesday @ Portland, Wednesday @ Philadelphia.  