  Notebook: Nuggets 99, Spurs 94 Posted Monday March 5, 2012 1:28AM By Tim Price, for NBA.com THE FACTS: Ty Lawson  hit a gutsy 19-foot jumper for Denver near the top of the key over  Tony Parker  with 11 seconds left, and the Spurs'  Gary Neal  saw a 3-point shot that would have tied the game instead rattle out of the rim as the Nuggets held on for a 99-94 victory over San Antonio on Sunday night at AT&T Center. Lawson had 22 points, including a seven-point fourth quarter that also saw him grab four rebounds and hand out three assists. The Nuggets (21-17) have won three consecutive games for the first time since they strung together six straight in mid-January. San Antonio (25-12) got 25 points from Parker on 10-of-16 shooting. But the Spurs have lost two of their last three home games after opening the season winning nine in a row and 13 of their first 14. QUOTABLE:  "I told (Lawson) at the timeout that we have to make a shot. I told him he was going to have to make a 15 or 17 footer. He played great. I told the team after the game that I hate to break the news, but we can play better. I don't know if we can play harder, but we can play better."   --  Denver head coach  George Karl. THE STAT:  Denver jumped out to a 15-0 advantage in fastbreak points (not only had the Spurs not scored on a fastbreak, they hadn't even generated an opportunity at that point). Add to that a 20-9 start in rebounding and it's easy to see how the Nuggets set the foundation for this win and lead by as many as 16 points in the first half. THE STAT II:  The Nuggets survived shooting 36 percent in the fourth quarter even though the Spurs did better at a 41-percent clip. Denver did it by extending possessions; the Nuggets grabbed four offensive rebounds to the Spurs' two. TURNING POINT:  The Nuggets had blown the 16-point lead and were teetering in the fourth quarter when they missed 5-of-8 free throws. With a chance to cut Denver's lead to one point with just less than a minute to go, a sick  Tim Duncan  (he came to the game complaining of flu-like symptoms) missed two free throws. Even though he made up for it by slamming home an easy basket off a Parker feed to make the score 95-94 with 30 seconds remaining, the damage had been done. QUOTABLE II:  "I thought the Nuggets did a great job of attacking the rim, being aggressive with the basketball and we responded to it in first and spurts here and there. We had breakdowns that were really gross and really hurt us. That combined with their physicality and aggressiveness for much more of the 48 than we did accounts for our demise tonight."   --  Spurs head coach  Gregg Popovich. HOT:  After throwing in a clunker in the first game back from the All-Star break, going 5-of-16 for 11 points against Chicago, Parker has gone 17-of-27 from the floor (63 percent) the past two games -- although that 5-of-9 showing from the free-throw line in those games doesn't quite match. NOT: Andre Miller  backed up Lawson at point by hitting his first four shots. But he picked up his third foul after almost eight minutes of playing time in the second quarter and finished the game by missing 13 of 14 shots. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Lawson missed his first career triple-double by one tick in the stat line. Along with his 22 points, he had 11 assists and nine rebounds. Since coming back from a left ankle sprain Lawson has averaged 20.7 points, 11.7 assists and seven rebounds in three games. GOOD MOVE:  Karl did his best to keep the vibes going from Denver's good start to the game on the road. The Nuggets scored 11 of the game's first 13 points and also led 19-9 5 1/2 minutes in. But  Matt Bonner  had hit a pair of 3-pointers for the Spurs and then  Manu Ginobili  (eight points and five assists in 23 minutes), playing for the first time since an oblique muscle injury five games back, came in and gave the crowd a boost with a quick three to cut Denver's lead to 19-15. Karl called timeout and adjusted the perimeter defense and the Nuggets built the lead back out to eight by the end of the quarter. BAD MOVE:  Spurs rookie  Kawhi Leonard  will get attention to his 3-point shot after he fired up a pair of line drives that hit the front of the rim on wide-open looks in the second half after sharp passes from backup point  T.J. Ford . The second one came with the Spurs down by five and nine minutes left, and Spurs shooting coach  Chip Engelland  was on the sidelines quickly scribbling down notes. Leonard is shooting 33 percent from the 3-point line this season. ROOKIE WATCH: Kenneth Faried  was the most athletic -- and most interesting player, for all sorts of reasons -- Sunday night. He made 4-of-8 shots, had five rebounds and two blocked shots. But he also had two goaltending calls that helped the Spurs crawl out of a 15-point hole during a 16-2 run in the second quarter. Leonard has gone 14-of-15 from the foul line the past two games and has averaged 11.5 points each game.. NOTABLE:  Nuggets center  Timofey Mozgov  sprained his ankle for the second time in two games. He limped off the court in the third quarter after scoring five points, grabbing five rebounds and turning the ball over twice in 15 1/2 minutes. ...  DeJuan Blair  had a rough night. Less than a minute into the game he fell to the floor with a left knee contusion. He came back late in the first half and picked up a foul and followed with his third personal quickly into the second half and left the game for good with five minutes of playing time. UP NEXT:  For the Nuggets, Monday vs. Sacramento, Wednesday vs. Cleveland, Friday vs. New Orleans. For the Spurs, Wednesday vs. New York, Friday vs. L.A. Clippers, Monday vs. Washington.  