  Grizzlies-Rockets notebook   By Marlon W. Morgan, for NBA.com Posted Friday January 21, 2011 11:39PM THE FACTS:  After giving up 67 points in the first half, it appeared Memphis was headed toward yet another loss to the Houston Rockets. But after regrouping in the second half with some stingy defense, the Grizzlies managed to snap their seven-game losing streak to the Rockets, coming away with a 115-110 victory at FedExForum. Forward  Zach Randolph  led the way with 29 points and 19 rebounds. QUOTABLE:  "We got the ball to our scorers down the stretch. (Zach Randolph) wanted it today. Today, I called him `The Little Shop of Horrors.' They had to feed him. He just kept saying, `Feed me, Seymour.' So I called him, `Little Shop of Horrors.'    -- Grizzlies guard  Tony Allen . THE STAT:  The Rockets started the game on fire from 3-point range, making four of their first five. But the game turned when Houston missed 14 of their next 18 from behind the arc, including two in the final 15 seconds. TURNING POINT:  In the first half, the Grizzlies not only gave up 67 points, but they allowed the Rockets to shoot 59.5 percent. Those easy looks at the basket became scarce in the second half as the Grizzlies clamped down and gave up just 43 points on 31.7 percent shooting. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  If  Kevin Martin  is playing the Grizzlies, it's probably a good idea to have him in your starting lineup. With his 32 points Friday night, Martin has now scored 28 or more points in 11 of the last 12 games he's played against Memphis. The first seven times were with the Sacramento Kings and he's now done it in four of the five since joining the Rockets. QUOTABLE II:  "I guess if you want to look at it like that, they were due for one. We could have won this game. We were in control the whole game until the end. You have to give them credit, they fought back. They battled. They made stops when they counted."    -- Houston forward  Chuck Hayes . HOT:  While  Blake Griffin  and  Kevin Love  garner attention for their double-doubles, Randolph quietly continues to put up monster numbers for the Grizzlies. Z-Bo tied a franchise record with his ninth straight double-double with team highs of 29 points and 19 rebounds. He was one board shy of his fifth 20-20 game this season. Randolph was nearly unstoppable in the fourth quarter, scoring 12 of the team's 28 points. NOT:  One key to the Rockets' dominance over the Grizzlies this season had been the play of starting point guard  Kyle Lowry , who had torched former teammate  Mike Conley , averaging 22.5 points and 15 assists in the first two games. This time around, Lowry was held to just five points on 2-of-8 shooting, although he did manage to have eight assists. NOTABLE:  With the win, the Grizzlies moved a half-game ahead of the Rockets in the Western Conference's Southwest Division as the two teams continue pushing for a run at a playoff spot. ... With a season high 72 points scored in the paint, the Grizzlies held a 72-46 advantage. In addition, they held a 39-29 advantage in bench scoring, a rarity for the Grizzlies. ... The win was just the third of the season in games the Grizzlies have allowed 100 or more points, leaving them 3-16. ... UP NEXT:  For the Rockets, Saturday vs. Orlando, Monday at Minnesota, Wednesday vs. L.A. Clippers. For the Grizzlies, Saturday at Milwaukee, Monday at Toronto, Wednesday at New Jersey.  