Notebook: Trail Blazers 109, Spurs 100 
 
 
 Tim Price, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Jan 18, 2014 12:10 AM - Updated Sat Jan 18, 2014 12:10 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  Portland has won both meetings this season against the Spurs, and the victory Friday in San Antonio pulled the Trail Blazers to a half-game back of the Spurs for the best record in the Western Conference. 
 
 THE LEAD: LaMarcus Aldridge  scored 26 points and had 13 rebounds,  Wesley Matthews  added 24 off 6-for-7 3-point shooting and the Portland Trail Blazers started off a brutal road trip in San Antonio with a 109-100 victory over the Spurs at AT&T Center. 
 Portland (30-9) also got 21 points from  Damian Lillard  and 13 off the bench from  Mo Williams .  
 The loss was the first for the Spurs (31-9) since running off six in a row and nine of their past 10.  Manu Ginobili  had a season-high 29 points, scoring 18 in the third quarter alone. But he didn't score in the fourth until the Blazers allowed him an uncontested layup while trying to avoid a foul in the final minute. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "It was a huge win, especially with the rest of the trip we have in front of us.."  
 -- Damian Lillard 
 
 
 THE STAT:   Nicolas Batum  had another effective stat line for the Blazers. He had nine points including hitting one of his two 3-pointers, nine rebounds and seven assists. It just missed what would have been his fifth career triple-double; he had his third when Portland beat San Antonio in their first meeting this season (11 points. 12 rebounds and 11 assists) on Nov. 2. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Batum had one offensive rebound, and it was critical when it came with the Blazers leading by a point with four minutes to go. Lillard missed a 3, and Batum's high-in-the-air offensive grab triggered a quick sequence that saw him drill a pass to Matthews in the corner. Matthews promptly drained a 3 -- he was 3-for-3 from long distance in the fourth quarter -- and Portland closed out the game by outscoring San Antonio 17-9. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "Things went our way in that third quarter. Then, we just couldn't keep that emotion up. Every time we made a run or played good defense, they would get a 3 or an isolation for Aldridge and a bucket. They are good."  
 -- Manu Ginobili 
 
 
 HOT:  Matthews was born in San Antonio, and he seems to have a nice home on the 3-point line when he returns here. His 6-for-7 performance from 3-point territory will go down as his best of the season including his 4-for-4 result the second game of the season. The last time he played in San Antonio (March 8, 2013) he went 5-for-7 from the 3-point line. 
 
 NOT:  With  Danny Green  out for at least three more weeks, the Spurs could use a trusty 3-point shooter. They didn't get it tonight from  Patty Mills , who went 3-for-11 overall and 1-for-5 on 3-pointers. Mills is 1-for-7 on 3s the past two games. 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Aldridge has three straight double-doubles. During that stretch, he's averaging 26 points and 14 rebounds (he's got 23.8 points and 11.2 rebounds on the season). He had a season best five straight double-doubles from Nov. 9-17. 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  Texas Rangers manager  Ron Washington  sported a black leather cap while sitting club level. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  San Antonio trailed by 12 and looked stuck at the ejection of coach  Gregg Popovich  with seven minutes to go in the third quarter. Popovich was purposeful in getting tossed. He argued with referee  Mark Ayotte , thinking that Aldridge had pushed off while scoring. Ayotte assessed a technical foul, yet Popovich kept arguing.  Bill Kennedy  saw -- and heard -- enough, and he blew the second whistle on Popovoch for the tech. The Spurs rallied and took a one-point lead at the end of the quarter, getting four 3-pointers to go down and another 3-point play when Ginobili was fouled shooting a 3. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  The Spurs, without  Tiago Splitter  (he'll miss at least two more weeks with a shoulder sprain), couldn't find a way to limit Aldridge in the fourth quarter. In a close game, Portland was able to slow the pace by setting up isolations for Aldridge on  Tim Duncan . Aldridge responded by knocking down four of his last six shots. Ginobili, meanwhile, couldn't get going and quicken the pace. After his third quarter line of 6-for-7 from the floor, 3-for-4 on 3s and 3-for-3 from the foul line, Ginobili was 1-for-3 in the fourth and failed to get to the foul line. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:   C.J. McCollum  played almost 11 minutes of backup point guard behind Lillard. He scored four points on 2-for-5 shooting and did not turn the ball over. 
 
 NOTABLE: Tony Parker  (12 points, six rebounds and four assists with 5-for-12 from the floor) was a game-time decision, and he did start and play 35 1/2 minutes with a shin contusion. ...  Matt Bonner  sustained a nasal fracture when he bumped with Portland's  Thomas Robinson  in the first half; when asked by a staff member during halftime he responded "It's OK." ... The Blazers could clinch the season series and own the tiebreaker the next time the teams play on Feb. 21 at Portland; the final game this season between the teams is March 12 in San Antonio. ... The all-time series between the teams is even, 75-75, and the Blazers have won the last four over San Antonio (14-5 since the 2008-09 season). 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Trail Blazers, Saturday @ Dallas, Monday @ Houston, Tuesday @ Oklahoma City. For the Spurs, Sunday vs. Milwaukee, Wednesday vs. Oklahoma City, Friday @ Atlanta. 
