  Clippers-Celtics notebook   By Brian Robb, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday March 9, 2011 11:36PM THE FACTS:  The Los Angeles Clippers fought off a late scare by the Boston Celtics to escape from the TD Garden with their fourth straight win in the 108-103 victory. The Clippers led by as many as 23 points in third quarter, and were up a deceptively comfortable 11-point margin with just 1:55 remaining, largely due to the sharpshooting of new addition  Mo Williams , who tied his season-high 28 points. Boston refused to quit however, and fought back valiantly with a 7-0 run to cut the Clippers' lead to three with 10 seconds remaining. But  Randy Foye  hit two clutch free throws to seal the win for the visitors.  DeAndre Jordan  had a career-high 21 points to go along with nine rebounds, while Foye chipped in 12 assists to help key the victory.  Ray Allen  led Boston with 23 points in the loss, as the Celtics had their five-game winning streak snapped. QUOTABLE:  "For some reason, I just love the battles I've had in the past with Boston. I always get up for this game, I was up for this game today. I didn't even take a nap today so I was ready to play."   -- Mo Williams on his season-high 28 points THE STAT:  The Clippers hit a scorching 67.6 percent of their shots (23-of-34) in the first half on their way to 60-point output. That's the highest percentage a team has shot against the Celtics' vaunted defense in a half this season. TURNING POINT:  The TD Garden was rocking as the Celtics trimmed the Clippers' lead to three with a 10-0 surge midway through the fourth quarter. The upstart Clippers held their poise however, and led by the veteran savvy of Williams, rebuilt their edge to 11 points over the next four minutes, giving them just enough of a cushion to put the frisky hosts away. QUOTABLE II:  "Everybody stepped up and made plays. That's what it takes. It takes a team, it's not one or two guys, everyone needs to know what their job is. It's a confidence builder, a good step in the right direction."   -- Clippers coach  Vinny Del Negro HOT:  Williams -- The recent addition to L.A. had his best game to date in a Clipper uniform. The point guard was the catalyst of the team's offensive explosion in the first half, drilling baskets all over the floor. Overall, Wiliams hit seven of his first eight shots from the field, including 3 of 4 from downtown, which gave him 18 points in the first half. NOT:   Kevin Garnett  -- In his second head-to-head matchup with standout rookie  Blake Griffin , Garnett looked to attack on the offensive end early and often. Garnett succeeded in finding plenty of open looks, both in the paint and on the perimeter, upon taking 19 shots (second highest shot total of season). Unfortunately for the C's, the vast majority of them failed to go down as the power forward hit a season-low 26.3 percent of those attempts. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Jordan had a countless array of strong finishes around the basket as he hit nine of his ten baskets, all coming in the paint, during his career night. QUOTABLE III:  "Just one extra big is all we needed. But we don't have it with the injuries. This has nothing to do with the trade or anything; we just don't have healthy bigs. Hopefully  Glen Davis  will be back soon."   -- Boston coach  Doc Rivers ROOKIE WATCH:  Rookie of the year favorite Griffin struggled against the Big Ticket, hitting just four of his 14 shots for 12 points while grabbing just seven boards and dishing out five assists. It was only his 10th game of the season without a double-double. NOTABLE:  The Celtics dressed just 10 players due to injuries. Their bench combined to play 49 minutes in total and scored a mere 12 points, while the Clippers reserves more than doubled that output with 26 points. Both teams had five players in double figures. Los Angeles tied a season-high point total for an opponent visiting TD Garden, matching Houston's 108-point output in their road win on Jan. 8. Boston lost just their sixth home game of the season, while the triumph was the Clippers' seventh overall on the road.  Carlos Arroyo  made his Celtics debut and impressed the home crowd with four points, three rebounds and two assists in 14 minutes. Former Thunder center  Nenad Krstic  also posted a season-high 20 points in the setback for Boston.  Eric Gordon  missed the game with a bone chip in his right wrist for the Clippers. Boston had just nine turnovers, five below their season average. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Friday @ New Jersey, Saturday @ Washington, Monday @ Memphis. For the Celtics, Friday @ Philadelphia, Sunday vs. Milwaukee, Monday @ New Jersey.  