Notebook: Jazz 95, Lakers 86 
 
 
 Andrew Aragon, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Thu Nov 08, 2012 12:43 AM - Updated Thu Nov 08, 2012 7:08 AM 
 
 THE FACTS:  It didn't matter that their high-profile and super-talented opponents were in town trying to shake a sluggish start to the 2012-13 season -- the Utah Jazz were just as desperate for a victory.   
 
  Al Jefferson  scored 18 points and collected 10 rebounds and  Randy Foye  came off the bench to score 17 points to lead the Jazz to a much-needed 95-86 victory over the Los Angeles Lakers on Wednesday night.  M o Williams  chipped in 16 points and seven assists for the Jazz, who snapped a three-game losing streak.  
 
 Kobe Bryant  had 29 points and  Dwight Howard  had 19 points and nine rebounds for the Lakers, who are off to a 1-4 start.   
 
 QUOTABLE:  "Oh man, I was feeling it. I've got to give a lot of credit to my teammates. My teammates found me at the right spots and I just knocked down the shots."  
 -- Foye on his night 
 
 THE STAT:  The Lakers shot 33.8 percent. They were at their worst coming out of the locker room, shooting 26.3 percent in the first quarter and 27.8 percent in the third quarter. Los Angeles seemingly had as many open looks as Utah, but managed to make just 25 field goals. Howard was the only Laker to shoot better than 50 percent. The 86 points scored were the fewest of the season for the Lakers. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  With the Jazz in dire need of an offensive spark, Foye provided one with long-range bombs during the fourth quarter. He hit four 3-pointers during a little more than a three-minute span that followed a dreadful offensive stretch for the Jazz. The Lakers were making a charge before Foye's second 3-pointer of the quarter made it 73-65. He then buried 3s on back-to-back possessions to put Utah ahead 79-68 with 6:40 remaining.  
 
 HOT:  Foye and the rest of the bench gave the Jazz a boost. Foye shot 5-for-9 from 3-point range,  Enes Kanter  (nine points),  Derrick Favors  (eight points) and  Alec Burks  (two points) helped Utah's bench outscore Los Angeles' 36-12 
 
 NOT:  The Lakers thoroughly missed  Steve Nash . In his place was  Steve Blake , who missed great, wide-open 3-point looks. He missed his first three 3-pointers in the first quarter when Bryant had set him up well with open looks. Blake finished with six points on 2-for-10 shooting and had just one assist. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We're all frustrated. I'm very frustrated too with the simple fact that I just didn't think we played the game like we talked about going into the game. We wanted to be the ones to hit first. We wanted to be the ones to play through their physicality and I thought we didn't."  
 -- Lakers coach  Mike Brown 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  With their shots not falling from long range, close range or mid-range, the Lakers stayed in the game by attacking on offense. They continued to go hard to the basket, and drew 30 fouls. They had a 46-18 advantage in free throws attempted. If L.A. hadn't scored 32 points at the free-throw line, the Jazz would have had a much easier night.   
 
 BAD MOVE:  Bryant, obviously not at 100 percent while dealing with right ankle and foot injuries, was too unselfish early on. He mostly passed instead of attacked until the fourth quarter when he scored 16 of his points. If he had imposed his will on Utah for the much of the game as he did in the final six minutes, the outcome could have been different.  
 
 NOTABLE:  Lakers are 1-4 for the first time since the 1993-94 season, and they have the worst record in the Western Conference. Utah never trailed in Wednesday's game.  Jordan Hill  had a season-high 12 rebounds for the Lakers. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Friday vs. Golden State, Sunday vs. Sacramento, Tuesday vs. San Antonio. For the Jazz, Friday @ Denver, Saturday vs. Phoenix, Monday @ Toronto.  
