  Mavericks-Kings notebook   By Jimmy Spencer, for NBA.com Posted Thursday February 10, 2011 1:59AM THE FACTS: Jose Barea  scored 15 of his 20 points off the bench in the fourth quarter as the Dallas Mavericks earned their 10th consecutive victory with a 102-100 road win against the Sacramento Kings on Wednesday night. With  Dirk Nowitzki  battling a wrist injury and shooting poorly, Dallas reserve guard  Jason Terry  scored a game-high 22 points. QUOTABLE:  "This has been a theme now for the last month. Dirk's either been out or on the comeback trail and we need others to pick him up."   -- Mavericks coach  Rick Carlisle THE STAT:  Thanks to the effort of Barea and Terry, the Mavericks' bench outscored the Kings by a margin of 58-42. TURNING POINT:  The most dramatic of Barea's 15 fourth quarter points came with 1:31 left in the game when the backup guard connected on a deep 3-pointer from atop the key over Kings big man  DeMarcus Cousins  as the shot clock expired. The shot gave the Mavericks a more comfortable five-point lead. ... The Kings missed a chance to tie the game in the final seconds when  Tyreke Evans  drove into contact in the lane from  Tyson Chandler  but didn't find the favor of a foul call. QUOTABLE II:  "The shot clock was running down so I knew he was going to drop a little bit. I was just going to take one dribble and pull up. When I jumped and let it go, it felt great."    -- Barea on the 3-pointer over Cousins FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Nowitzki played 34 minutes despite jamming his right wrist on Monday against Cleveland but shot a poor 4-for-14 from the field for 10 points. Carlisle said after the game that Nowitzki's wrist situation is "a tough one" for the forward and that it's clear his shot doesn't feel right. ROOKIE WATCH:  Cousins finished with 19 points and 15 rebounds before being ejected late in the game. The rookie was ejected with 47.8 seconds left on a double technical foul against him and Chandler. The two were extra physical when tangled going for a rebound after a made free throw. Cousins earned his first technical foul for an overreaction to a call in the fourth quarter that didn't go his way. ... Mavericks first-round pick  Dominique Jones  has a stress fracture in his right foot. Carlisle called the injury "significant" though there is no timetable for how long he will be out. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Adorned in a purple Sacramento Kings  Peja Stojakovic  jersey, fan  Bobby Jovanov  hit a half-court shot in the third quarter to win a car. ... It was Grateful Dead Tribute Night in the arena, led by part-time Kings broadcaster  Bill Walton . Fans in the arena wore purple tie-dye shirts to commemorate the event. NOTABLE:  The Mavericks improved to 26-1 when they score 100 points or more. ... The Kings held a 43-37 lead with 5:43 remaining in the second quarter before the Mavericks finished the half on a 19-4 run to lead 56-27 at halftime. The Kings used a strong third quarter to trail 74-73 after three quarters. UP NEXT:  For the Mavericks, Thursday @ Denver, Saturday @ Houston, Wednesday vs. Sacramento. For the Kings, Saturday vs. Oklahoma City, Sunday @ Phoenix, Tuesday @ Oklahoma City.  