Notebook: Heat 107, Suns 92 
 
 
 Zachary Paul, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Mon Nov 25, 2013 11:11 PM - Updated Mon Nov 25, 2013 11:11 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Heat scored at least 100 points for an NBA-leading 13th time this season.  
 
 THE LEAD:  Behind a rejuvenated  Dwyane Wade  and the usual from  LeBron James , the Miami Heat defeated the Phoenix Suns 107-92 Monday at AmericanAirlines Arena.  
 James finished with a game-high 35 points, five rebounds and four assists, leading the Heat to a seventh straight victory. James was 11 of 11 from the field.  
 Miami has won 10 of 11 since falling to the Brooklyn Nets Nov. 1. Wade, who last week sat out two games because of knee soreness, had 21 points on 9 of 13 shooting and handed out a season-high 12 assists.  
 The Heat shot 49 percent from the field, putting four players in double-figures. Guard  Ray Allen  had 17 points off the bench while center  Chris Andersen  finished with 11 points and seven rebounds.  
 The Suns kept things close for nearly three quarters before the Heat pulled away at the end of the third quarter. Miami led most of the fourth quarter by double-digits, holding the Suns to 39 percent shooting.  
 
 Channing Frye  led Phoenix with 16 points.  
 
  QUOTABLE:   "This takes time in this league to build continuity. It doesn't happen overnight. Typically you have to go through some struggles You have to go back to the drawing board. You have to go through game, go through everything until you get on the right page, where you're both able to be aggressive and confident."  
 -- Heat coach  Erik Spoelstra  on the improved chemistry between Wade and James.  
 
 
 THE STAT:   James and Wade combined to shoot 20 of 27 from the field.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Suns trailed by two before the Heat closed went on an 8-0 run near the end of the third quarter and at the start of the fourth to push the lead to double-figures.  
 
 HOT:  James had another big game, but right now it's mostly about Wade. This is the healthiest he's looked since before sustaining the bone bruise late last season. Not only is his scoring but he's also been able to defend some of the league's younger players.  
 
 NOT:  Twins  Markieff Morris  and  Marcus Morris  combined to shoot just 6-of-21 from the field. The offensive struggles were expected, especially considering they had to deal with James on the defensive end. Neither was able to have much success slowing James.  
 
 GOOD MOVE:  With so many rotation changes, it's almost impossible to prepare for defending the Heat. Spoelstra continues to start  Shane Battier  in place of  Udonis Haslem . He's also alternated second-half minutes with  Michael Beasley  and  Chris Andersen . 
 
 BAD MOVE:  The Suns allowed too much production from the Heat supporting cast.  Chris Andersen  was able to score most of his points on layups or putbacks.  Ray Allen , Beasley and Battier also provided some timely scoring.  
 
 NOTABLE:  Heat guard  Mario Chalmers  did not play because of a hip flexor. He is listed as day-to-day but expected to make two-game road trip that begins Wednesday in Cleveland. Suns guard  Eric Bledsoe  was held out with a sore shin, but will play Wednesday against Portland.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Wednesday @ Cavs, Friday @ Raptors, Sunday vs. Bobcats. For the Suns, Wednesday vs. Trail Blazers, Friday @ Jazz, Saturday vs. Jazz 
