
 Sixers-Bobcats notebook   By Andy Jasner, for NBA.com Posted Monday January 17, 2011 5:48PM THE FACTS: Lou Williams  sparked the 76ers once again off the bench with a sensational 23-point effort in a 96-92 overtime victory over the feisty Charlotte Bobcats on Monday. He also knocked down a humongous 3-pointer from the baseline with 4.7 seconds remaining to help force the extra five minutes. In overtime,  Andre Iguodala  made a 19-foot jumper with 37.6 seconds left to snap a tie game at 90. When it was over, the Sixers registered their 12th home win, equaling the amount of home wins they managed all of last season. Iguodala finished with 16 points and 10 rebounds (all defensive) while  Elton Brand  had 13 points, 13 rebounds and five blocked shots.  Boris Diaw  played a stellar game for the Bobcats en route to his sixth career triple-double -- the previous five came with the Phoenix Suns -- consisting of 25 points, 11 rebounds and 11 assists.  Kwame Brown  picked up season-highs with 15 points and 16 rebounds. Charlotte fell to 4-14 on the road and 1-11 in its last 12. QUOTABLE:  "We're learning how to win."   -- Sixers coach  Doug Collins THE STAT:  Charlotte's 12 first-half offensive rebounds were the most against the Sixers in any half this season. TURNING POINT:  With the score tied at 90-90,  Stephen Jackson  and  Gerald Wallace  each missed wide-open 3-pointers and the Sixers pulled away for the hard-fought win. If one of those treys goes down, it's possibly a different story. HOT:  Brown was terrific for the Bobcats. He posted up well, knocked down the medium-range jumper and grabbed offensive rebounds. If he plays like this every night, the Bobcats will be a much tougher team. NOT: Thaddeus Young  shot just 4-for-16 and even missed five of his six free throw attempts. QUOTABLE II:  "It's a huge win for us. Earlier in the season, we might not have won this game. I think a win like this can only help our confidence as a team."   -- Brand FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Diaw filled up the stat sheet with the second career triple-double in Bobcats history. Jackson owns the other one. INSIDE THE ARENA:  There was a large throng of children at the game, thanks to a 2:00 p.m. start on Martin Luther King Day. It's nice for the younger kids to be able to enjoy a matinee start, and they made their voices heard with cheers throughout the game. GOOD MOVE:  The Sixers forced Jackson to beat them from the outside, not exactly his strong suit. Jackson misfired on his first seven 3-pointers and didn't get to the basket with any consistency. Jackson was 7-for-24 and 1-for-11 from beyond the arc. BAD MOVE:  The Bobcats jumped out to a 10-point lead in the third thanks to a spark from Diaw. For some reason, Diaw went out after they built a lead and the Sixers went on to take a six-point advantage after the quarter. ROOKIE WATCH: Evan Turner , the Sixers' No. 2 overall pick from Ohio State, had six points and 11 rebounds in 32 minutes. Turner was extremely active on offense and defense the entire game. He also made four clutch free throws in the final 16.8 seconds in overtime to secure the victory. OOPS:  During the pregame introductions, Bobcats interim coach  Paul Silas  was announced. But the video scoreboard displayed a picture of  Larry Brown . NOTABLE:  The Sixers players taped tributes to  Martin Luther King , which aired throughout the game. It was a very nice touch on such a monumental day. NEXT:  For the Bobcats, Tuesday @ Chicago, Thursday vs. Philadelphia, Saturday vs. Atlanta. For the Sixers, Wednesday @ Orlando, Thursday @ Charlotte, Saturday vs. Utah. 
