  Notebook: 76ers 94, Bucks 82   By Andy Jasner, for NBA.com Posted Monday January 16, 2012 5:29PM THE FACTS:   Jrue Holiday  scored 24 points,  Andre Iguodala  contributed 21 points and  Lou Williams  had 17 points off the bench to lead the Philadelphia 76ers to a 94-82 victory over the Milwaukee Bucks Monday at the Wells Fargo Center. The Sixers broke open a close game in the third quarter and cruised to their sixth consecutive win at home. They also improved to 10-3. Andrew Bogut  returned from a concussion to post a double-double (20 points, 11 rebounds) for the Bucks.  Tobias Harris  also had 12 points for Milwaukee, which fell to 4-8 and a league-worst 0-8 on the road. QUOTABLE:  "I thought it was his best game. I thought it was his liveliest game on both ends of the floor."   -- Sixers coach  Doug Collins , on Holiday. THE STAT:  The Sixers connected on 11-of-23 shots from 3-point territory. Five different players had at least one trey. TURNING POINT:  The Sixers turned a four-point halftime lead into a 14-point advantage after the third quarter. How?  Spencer Hawes  had no points and halftime and 11 in the third. All season, the Sixers have been terrific at extending their lead in the third. Hawes (11 points, 10 rebounds) gave them a spark on this day. HOT:  Iguodala was 9-of-14 from the field and looked confident in all aspects of his game. NOT:   Stephen Jackson  missed nine of his 12 shots and never got going on the offensive end. QUOTABLE II:  "Everything we do defensively works to our advantage on the offensive end. It's all about defense for this team."   -- Holiday. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Holiday ignited the Sixers from the start and played a solid all-around game on both ends of the court. In addition to 24 points, Holiday contributed five assists, five steals and three rebounds. INSIDE THE ARENA:  For an afternoon matinee in honor of MLK Day, there was a huge crowd of 17,281 at the Wells Fargo Center. Sixers owner Joshua Harris and CEO Adam Aron were in attendance. QUOTABLE III:  "Basically, they broke us down one-on-one. Our defense has got to be better."   -- Bogut. GOOD MOVE:  The Sixers defended the perimeter very well and didn't allow the Bucks to hurt them from beyond the arc. While Bogut had his chances in the low post, the Sixers' defense extended further out and denied almost every long-range shot. BAD MOVE:  The Bucks forced too many shots, especially Jackson. The Bucks could have moved the ball inside and out more instead of settling for difficult jumpers. ROOKIE WATCH:  Milwaukee forward  Jon Leuer  started and had 11 points and three rebounds. Harris scored 12 points and added three rebounds while guard  Darington Hobson  was scoreless in two-plus minutes. Sixers forwards  Nikola Vucevic  and  Lavoy Allen  didn't play. NOTABLE:  Sixers guard  Evan Turner  was a late scratch with a right quad contusion. Turner suffered the injury in Saturday's victory at Washington. ... The Sixers committed just nine turnovers against the Bucks after having only eight at Washington Saturday night. They are 9-0 this season with 12 or fewer turnovers. ... Philadelphia has held the opposition to below 90 points in all six home games this season. ... The Bucks had 16 assists, but no player had more than four. Bogut and Jackson had four each. NEXT:  For the Bucks, Tuesday vs. Denver, Friday @ New York, Sunday @ Miami. For the Sixers, Wednesday vs. Denver, Friday vs. Atlanta, Saturday @ Miami.  