Notebook: Thunder 108, Kings 93 
 
 
 Randy Renner, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Mon Jan 20, 2014 12:55 AM - Updated Mon Jan 20, 2014 12:55 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Thunder have never lost to the Kings in Oklahoma City (10-0). 
 
 THE LEAD:  Instead of using a huge night from  Kevin Durant , the Oklahoma City Thunder relied on balanced scoring with six players in double figures as the Thunder rolled past Sacramento 108-93. 
 Even sharing the ball as the Thunder were, Durant still pumped in 30 points (the seventh straight game he's scored at least that many) on 10-for-15 shooting. He also handed out nine assists, grabbed six rebounds, had four steals and two blocked shots.  Serge Ibaka  had 20 points and  Reggie Jackson  added 16 points but was just 4-for-16 shooting.  Thabo Sefolosha, Nick Collison  and  Jeremy Lamb  each had 10. 
 Kings point guard  Isaiah Thomas  had a career-high 38 points on 11-for-18 shooting and he was 12-for-13 at the free throw line.  DeMarcus Cousins  picked up his 14th straight double-double with 16 points and 14 rebounds and  Jason Thompson  also had a double-double with 11 points and 10 rebounds. 
 The Kings dominated the Thunder inside in one aspect, scoring 54 points to OKC's 38. But if Sacramento missed that first shot they either didn't get the rebound or missed the next shot. The Kings scored just six second chance points on 3-for-13 shooting. 
 The Thunder had 23 assists and 13 steals. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I thought we did a great job passing the basketball, everyone was getting involved. KD had nine assists and took 15 good shots. We were active with our hands and feet on defense." 
 -- Thunder head coach  Scott Brooks 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Thunder scored a whopping 34 points off of 21 Sacramento turnovers. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "They do a great job of turning you over, but more importantly converting them. They got 34 points off turnovers and another 20 on the offensive glass so 54 of their 108 points came off turnovers and offensive rebounds. That has nothing to do with game plans or coverages. We just have to do a better job." 
 -- Kings head coach  Mike Malone 
 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Thomas scorched the Thunder for 27 points in the first half, mostly being guarded by Jackson. To start the third quarter Brooks changed things up and put defensive whiz Thabo Sefolosha on Thomas. That move shut down the Kings point guard who had six points in the third quarter as the Thunder went from a five-point halftime lead to up 17 late in the third quarter. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "Isaiah Thomas is a hard cover but I thought Thabo took the challenge (of Thomas) in the second half. I thought Thabo's defense was outstanding." 
 -- Brooks 
 
 
 HOT:  Durant was 5-for-5 in the first quarter, and going back to Friday's game he was shooting 72.7 percent (24-for-33) in his last five quarters. ...Thomas was 7-for-11 (27 points) at halftime. ... Durant was 7-for-9 (17 points) ... Ibaka was 6-for-8 (14 points) ... Durant finished 10-for-15 and Ibaka ended up 9-for-13. 
 
 NOT:  Jackson was 2-for-9 (five points) in the first half. ... The Kings had 15 turnovers leading to 23 OKC points in the first half. ...  Kendrick Perkins  was 2-for-7 (four points) in the first 24 minutes. ... Perkins was also 3-for-7 at the free throw line and for a couple of minutes late in the game the Kings were fouling him as he came across center court, employing the "hack-a-Perk" strategy for the first time. 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  The 135th consecutive sellout inside Chesapeake Energy Arena. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  When Jackson picked up his third foul late in the second quarter Brooks brought in  Derek Fisher  and he immediately created two turnovers that led to OKC baskets. He deflected a Thomas pass into the arms of a teammate then intercepted one on the next possession, led the fast break and made a nifty behind-the-back pass to Ibaka who laid it in. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  In the first six minutes of the game Thunder center Kendrick Perkins took five shots (more than anyone else on either team) and missed four of them.  
 
 BAD MOVE TOO:   Kings forward  Rudy Gay  was ejected in the fourth quarter. He complained about a foul call on a teammate to lead official  Ken Mauer , calling the foul "bull---" three times before Mauer gave him a technical. Then Gay continued to jaw at Mauer despite Mauer telling him to calm down. Gay wouldn't, instead dropping the phrase a couple more times before Mauer T'd him up again and kicked him out of the game. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Thunder backup center  Steven Adams  fouled out for the third straight game. He played 18 minutes, pulling down seven rebounds. He went 0-for-2 from the field. 
 
 NOTABLE:  The Thunder have now won four of their last five games. ... This was the third straight 20-point game for Ibaka, the first time he's done that in his career. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Kings: Tuesday @ New Orleans, Wednesday @ Houston, Friday vs. Indiana. For the Thunder: Tuesday vs. Portland, Wednesday @ San Antonio, Friday @ Boston. 
