  Jazz-Bulls notebook   By Kent McDill, for NBA.com Posted Sunday March 13, 2011 12:13AM THE FACTS:  With a share of the top spot in the Eastern Conference in sight, the Chicago Bulls put a hurt on the Utah Jazz  on Saturday, beating them 118-100 to tie the Boston Celtics for first place in the conference. Bulls guard  Derrick Rose  scored 17 points in the first quarter, and the Bulls ran out to a 34-17 first quarter lead. The Jazz never got back to within single digits, although the second half was ragged. Rose and  Luol Deng  finished with 26 points, while Utah center  Al Jefferson  had 33 points and 18 rebounds. THE FACTS II:  Rose made five of six 3-point shots in the first quarter, and the Bulls ended up shooting 32 3-point shots. They nailed 18 of them, a new team record for 3-pointers made. Their 13 3-pointers in the first half tied the NBA record for 3-pointers in a half. THE FACTS III:  The Bulls are 47-18, while the Celtics are 46-17, actually percentage points ahead of the Bulls with two fewer games played. QUOTABLE:  "There was a lot of energy in the building."    -- Bulls center Joakim Noah, referring to the Bulls' chase for first place and the halftime ceremony celebrating the 20-year anniversary of the first championship team. THE STAT:  As part of the first-half barrage from beyond the arc, Rose made five of six 3-pointers in the first quarter and did not attempt a 2-pointer. He sank his first 2-pointer came with 27 seconds remaining in the second quarter. THE STAT II:  The Jazz got 24 points from  Devin Harris , 14 from  Raja Bell  and 13 from  C.J. Miles . TURNING POINT:  It took more than four minutes for Utah to score at the start of the game, and by that point the Bulls were up by 11 points. INSIDE THE ARENA:  At halftime, the Bulls celebrated the 20th anniversary of the franchise's first title in 1990-91. Ten of the 12 players on the roster were in attendance. When  Michael Jordan  spoke to the crowd, there were chants of "MVP." INJURY UPDATE:  Bulls forward Carlos Boozer remains day-to-day with his sprained ankle, which has kept him out of two games. Utah's Paul Millsap, who was scheduled to start, did not play for the third straight game because of patellar tendonitis, and is listed as day-to-day. HOT:   Kyle Korver  was seven for 10 from the field for 17 points and made all three of his 3-point shots. Korver was also seven for 10 against Charlotte on Wednesday. He has made eight of his last 13 3-pointers. NOT:  Utah forward  Andrei Kirilenko  was two for 14 from the field, but made seven free throws to finish with 11 points. ROOKIE WATCH:  After scoring a career high 18 points in Utah's game against Minnesota Friday,  Gordon Hayward  missed the only shot he took Saturday and finished without a point. QUOTABLE II:  "Don't be surprised to see six more coming."   -- Michael Jordan, during the halftime celebration of the franchise's first of six title teams in the 1990s, referencing the current Bulls team. INSIDE THE ARENA:  At halftime, the Bulls celebrated the 20th anniversary of the franchise's first title in 1990-91. Ten of the 12 players on the roster were in attendance. When Jordan spoke to the crowd, there were chants of "MVP." NOTABLE:  Utah coach  Tyrone Corbin  announced 90 minutes before game time that forward  Paul Millsap  would return to the starting lineup after missing two games with patellar tendonitis. By game time, that decision was changed and  Jeremy Evans  started in his place for the third straight game. Evans had only two points and played only 13 minutes. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, vs. Washington Tuesday, @ New Jersey Thursday, @ Indiana Friday. For the Jazz, vs. Phoenix Monday, vs. Minnesota Wednesday, @ Houston Sunday, March 20.  