  Celtics-Kings notebook   By Jimmy Spencer, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday February 2, 2011 1:31AM THE FACTS:  The Boston Celtics trailed by double digits before defeating the host Sacramento Kings 95-90 on Tuesday night.  Rajon Rondo  scored 17 points and tallied 10 assists while  Ray Allen  scored a game-high 22 points. The Celtics were outscored 34-18 in the second quarter and the Kings led 54-45 at halftime. QUOTABLE:  "It's funny. Usually I have to say something at halftime. You know, I kind of stood outside the locker room. You could hear the starters. They let the second unit have it today. You don't see that very often but they were upset."   -- Boston head coach  Doc Rivers  discusses his veteran leadership. THE STAT:  The Celtics pounded the ball inside and outscored the Kings 48-28 in the paint. TURNING POINT:  The Kings led by as many as 10 points and trailed by just one point at 78-77 as late as the 8:34 mark in the fourth quarter. But the Celtics pulled away with a 9-0 run after that point to take a more commanding lead that they'd maintain the rest of the way. QUOTABLE II:  "We're obviously not as good a team as the Celtics are but that's where we want to get."    -- Sacramento head coach  Paul Westphal GOOD MOVE:   Pooh Jeter  came off the bench and played eight minutes in the second quarter, helping push the ball in transition via the pass. The running style kept the Celtics from setting up their tough half-court, interior defense and resulted in more open looks. The Kings outscored the Celtics 34-18 in the quarter. BAD MOVE:  The Kings went away from the running style in the second half. Even upon Jeter's return with 1:17 remaining in the third quarter, the bench guard couldn't find the same magic from the first half. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Ray Allen continues to shoot a remarkable percentage from the field and the 3-point line. On Tuesday night, Allen shot 9-for-15, including 4-for-7 from 3-point range. The veteran shooter entered the night shooting 51.8 percent from 3-point range and 56.5 percent on shots inside the arc. ROOKIE WATCH:   DeMarcus Cousins  started off February with the same type of elevated play that he displayed in January. Cousins scored 20 points and grabbed six rebounds against the Celtics. Cousins averaged 17.2 points and 7.8 rebounds in January INSIDE THE ARENA:  Sacramento's home building was flooded by an abundance of green, as the arena filled with support for the visiting Celtics. NOTABLE:  Kings forward  Darnell Jackson  laid on his back near midcourt at the end of the first half while trainers attended to him after suffering from shortness of breath. He did not return to the court. Westphal said in his postgame interview that doctors think it will check out okay but they will be thorough. UP NEXT:  For the Celtics, Friday vs. Dallas, Sunday vs. Orlando, Monday at Charlotte. For the Kings, Friday vs. San Antonio, Monday vs. Utah, Wednesday vs. Dallas.  