Notebook: Raptors 99, Bulls 77 
 
 
 Kent McDill, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Dec 14, 2013 11:44 PM - Updated Sat Dec 14, 2013 11:44 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Bulls have not won back-to-back games since Nov. 18, and are now 3-10 since that time. 
 
 THE LEAD: Kyle Lowry  scored 16 points in a very balanced offensive attack for the Toronto Raptors, who beat the host Chicago Bulls 99-77 Saturday at the United Center. The decision gave the Raptors (9-13) only their second two-game win streak of the season. Four starters split 60 points, with  DeMar DeRozan  (15 points),  Jonas Valanciunas  (15 points) and  Amir Johnson  (14 points) reaching double figures alongside Lowry. Valanciunas added 11 rebounds for a double-double.  Luol Deng  returned from a four-game absence (Achilles) had 17 points for the Bulls (9-13), who were playing their fourth game in five nights. 
 The Raptors led the entire game, and outscored the Bulls 26-11 in the fourth quarter to make the game a runaway.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I think these pieces fit."  
 
 -- Toronto coach  Dwane Casey , talking about how much better the team has played since making a seven-player trade with Sacramento on Monday 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Raptors had a season-high in assists with 26, led by Lowry and newcomer  Greivis Vasquez  with six each.  The Bulls made only 4 of their 19 shots (21 percent) in the fourth quarter.  
 
 TURNING POINT : The Bulls cut Toronto's lead from a high of 16 points in the third quarter to four points with the first basket of the fourth quarter, but Toronto scored the next six points. It started when the Bulls missed two shots, lost the ball out of bounds and had a goal-tending call against  Joakim Noah .   
 
 INJURY UPDATE: Kirk Hinrich  did not play for the Bulls because of a strained back. When Hinrich suffered a strained back before Saturday's game against the Raptors, second-year  Marquis Teague  got the start, with  D.J. Augustin , who was signed on Friday, as his backup. 
 
 HOT:  Toronto forward  Amir Johnson  was 31-for-39 in his previous three games, nearly an 80 percent shooting rate. He went 6-for-11 Saturday against the Bulls, which puts him at 74-percent shooting for his last four games.   
 
 NOT:  The Bulls' top three forwards -- Deng,  Carlos Boozer  and  Taj Gibso n -- went 14-for-44 from the field (32 percent).  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "Losing guys every day, you have to play great on the defensive end."  
 
 -- Bulls guard Marquis Teague 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  The Raptors sure seem to be pleased with the huge roster move that sent  Rudy Gay, Quincy Acy  and  Aaron Gray  to the Sacramento Kings for Vasquez,  John Salmons, Chuck Hayes  and  Patrick Patterson . Hayes did not play, but the other three contributed 26 points, seven rebounds, eight assists and only one turnover in 63 combined minutes of action.   
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  After starting eight games in the absence of injured swingman  Jimmy Butler,   Tony Snell  is back on the bench and played only five minutes Saturday without taking a shot.   
 
 NOTABLE:  The Raptors now get three days off before playing at home against Charlotte on Wednesday... With a win against the Bobcats the Raptors will have their first three-game win streak of the season... The Bulls have shot under 40 percent from the field in four of their last five games, and have allowed opponents to shoot at least 40 percent in nine straight games... By winning two straight games to get to 9-13, the Raptors moved into the No. 7 spot in the Eastern Conference playoff standings; the Raptors have not made the playoffs since 2008. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Bulls,  Monday vs. Orlando, Wednesday @ Houston, Thursday @ Oklahoma City. For the Raptors, Wednesday vs. Charlotte, Friday @ Dallas, Dec. 22 @ Oklahoma City. 
