  Nets-Raptors notebook   By Holly J. MacKenzie, for NBA.com Posted Monday April 11, 2011 12:06AM THE FACTS:  On Sunday evening at the Air Canada Centre, an undermanned Toronto Raptors team took down an undermanned New Jersey Nets squad, 99-92. Leading by double digits for most of the game, Toronto allowed the Nets to make a push late, before hanging on to lock up their 22nd victory of the season. The Raptors had five players in double figures as  Jerryd Bayless  led the way with 19 points while James Johnson,  DeMar DeRozan  and  Ed Davis  scored 18 points apiece. QUOTABLE: "I said to the players, 'Let's embrace this. Let's not look at it like we have guys hurt, let's embrace it. Guys are going to get the chance to play. You are going to make mistakes, you're probably going to stay in games if you do, but play the right way and share the basketball.'"   --  Jay Triano  on what he said to his team prior to the game THE STAT:  While the Raptors shot 51 percent for the game, they finished the first half shooting 66 percent from the floor as they connected on 25 of their 38 attempts. In comparison, the Nets shot just 39 percent for the game and 38 percent in the first half. TURNING POINT:  As a result of that blistering first half, the Raptors led by nine after the first quarter, before ramping things up and making 12 of their 15 attempts in the second quarter to blow open the game and take a commanding 61-42 advantage at the break. While the Nets would chip away at that lead in the fourth and get within five with under a minute to play, they were unable to undo their dreadful first half. QUOTABLE II:  "It feels good. It feels really good. I'm having fun and I'm just trying to get better every dayI just tried to score a little bit more at the end. That's more of what Jay wants me to do and that's what I'll try to do. I want to work."   -- Bayless on getting extended minutes over the last six games with  Jose Calderon  being limited by injury. HOT: Ed Davis  got the start for the depleted Raptors team and put in another strong night, finishing with 18 points and eight rebounds. He shot well from the floor, making nine of his 14 attempts in 32 minutes of play while adding three blocked shots and two assists. NOT: Travis Outlaw  didn't have a great night against the Raptors, going scoreless in 22 minutes of action. Outlaw was 0-for-6 from the floor and didn't get to the free throw line. He also managed just one rebound, one assist and one steal. NOTABLE:  The Raptors were without  Andrea Bargnani ,  Jose Calderon ,  Amir Johnson,   Leandro Barbosa  and  Sonny Weems . New Jersey played without  Deron Williams ,  Kris Humphries ,  Damion James  and  Anthony Morrow.  Williams is scheduled to undergo surgery on his right wrist tomorrow morning while Morrow will undergo an MRI on his sore left knee. Postgame, Triano said that Johnson will be out for the Raptors' remaining two games of the season with that ankle injury. UP NEXT : For the Nets, Monday vs. Charlotte and Wednesday @ Chicago. For the Raptors, Monday @ Miilwaukee, Wednesday vs. Miami.  