  Notebook: Pacers 99, Bobcats 77   By Conrad Brunner, for NBA.com Posted Saturday January 7, 2012 10:54PM THE FACTS:  After another slow start, the Pacers flipped the defensive switch, dominating the second half on their way to a 99-77 victory over the Charlotte Bobcats Saturday at Bankers Life Fieldhouse.  Roy Hibbert  scored a season-high 20 points, adding eight rebounds and three blocks as the Pacers held the Bobcats to 28 points in the second half and took control of the game. Indiana (6-2) improved to 3-0 at home for the first time since 2002 with its sixth straight win over Charlotte, while the Bobcats fell to 2-6.  D.J. Augustin  led Charlotte with 20 points and seven rebounds. QUOTABLE:  "We didn't come out with enough fire and energy tonight. It got us in a hole. Our bench came in and gave us a big lift. They brought energy and helped us get our feet down. We have smart guys that know how to play this game and will continue to improve. And we will get better and better as we perform together. This is a good start."   --  Pacers forward  David West . THE STAT:  After holding Boston to a franchise record-tying low of 25 points on .265 shooting in the first half Friday night, the Pacers held the Bobcats to 28 points on .217 shooting (10 of 46) in the second half Saturday. TURNING POINT:  Trailing 49-43 at the break, the Pacers came out of the locker room with a 15-2 run as the Bobcats missed seven of their first eight shots, taking a 58-51 lead they would not relinquish. QUOTABLE II:  "We did not play tough. They banged us up and we didn't respond. We played hard in the first half and I'm not sure what happened in the second."   --  Bobcats head coach  Paul Silas. HOT:  Hibbert shot 10-of-16 from the field and added eight rebounds and three blocks to his 20 points.  George Hill  shot 6-of-8 off the bench and scored 13. NOT:  After combining for 22 points in the first half, Charlotte guards Augustin and  Gerald Henderson  combined for 12 points on 3-of-16 shooting in the second. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Hibbert continues to put up consistently strong numbers at an otherwise thin center position, though he fell short of his sixth double-double. He has shown radical improvement as a rebounder, averaging 10.0 for the season. GOOD MOVE:  Silas gave  Tyrus Thomas  a rare start at small forward and his length and activity seemed to bother  Danny Granger , who shot just 4 of 12 and scored 13 points. BAD MOVE:  Silas' other lineup change didn't work out as well. He gave  DeSagana Diop  his first start of the year at center in hopes his bulk would help against the 7-2 Hibbert but the Indiana center had one of his best games of the season while Diop produced four points and one rebound in 17 minutes. ROOKIE WATCH:  This was not a memorable game for Charlotte's  Kemba Walker , who shot 3 of 10 and produced just six points off the bench. NOTABLE:  The game got testy in the second half with two incidents involving Hill and Henderson, with each player receiving a technical foul. In the first, Hill shoved Henderson. Later, Henderson knocked Hill to the floor hard on his back as the two disentangled after wrestling for a loose ball.  Dahntay Jones  also picked up a technical in the fourth quarter. ... Granger sprained his left ankle on a drive to the basket late in the first quarter but remained in the game, playing 34 minutes. ... Hibbert sprained his right ankle when he landed on  Byron Mullens'  foot after scoring late in the third quarter. He had the ankle re-taped and returned in the fourth quarter. ...  Lance Stephenson  (sprained left ankle) missed his second game in a row. ... The 22-point margin was Indiana's biggest of the season. ...Hill has made 7 of 11 from the 3-point line since missing his first nine of the season. ... Indiana outscored Charlotte 32-10 in the paint and 15-4 on second chance points in the second half. UP NEXT:  For the Pacers, Monday @ Philadelphia, Wednesday vs. Atlanta, Friday @ Toronto. For the Bobcats, Monday @ New York, Tuesday vs. Houston, Thursday at Atlanta.  