  Notebook: Suns 95, Bobcats 89   By Mike Tulumello, for NBA.com Posted Sunday February 5, 2012 12:31AM THE FACTS:  The Phoenix Suns are a different team when big man  Robin Lopez  plays well. This hasn't happened often this season, one of the reasons the Suns have struggled. But the 7-foot-center awoke in the fourth quarter Saturday night in Phoenix, leading the Suns (9-14) to a 95-89 win over the injury decimated Charlotte Bobcats. Michael Redd , a last-minute starter at off guard for the injured  Jared Dudley , led the Suns with 17 points.  Marcin Gortat  had 12 points and 12 rebounds. He grabbed double-figure boards for the 15th straight game, the longest active streak in the NBA.  Steve Nash  had 11 points and 10 assists. The Suns are 5-5 in their last 10 games. They started 4-4, but had a 5-game losing streak in between. The Bobcats (3-21) lost their 11th straight. Kemba Walker  led the Bobcats with 22 points.  Tyrus Thomas  had a season-high 13 boards. QUOTABLE:  "I was completely shocked, caught off guard (about starting)....A proud moment, coming back twice from knee surgery...To come back, through the tears, through the hurt, through the hours of rehab and accomplish this, is maybe the proudest moment of my career."   --  Suns guard Redd. THE STAT:  The Suns only turned it over eight times. TURNING POINT:  The Suns, leading just 75-74 with 9:00 left, went on a decisive 9-0 run. Lopez scored all the points. QUOTABLE II:  "I haven't had a bad win in 23 years in the NBA...a much-needed win."   --  Suns head coach  Alvin Gentry . GOOD MOVE I:  At the last minute, Gentry started the veteran Redd at off guard in place of the injured Dudley. His reasoning: A veteran such as Redd would be better off playing immediately after warming up. Redd ended up with a Suns-high 17 points. GOOD MOVE II:  Silas started  Reggie Williams  in place of  Matt Carroll  at off guard. Williams responded with 21 points, seven rebounds and six assists. ROOKIE WATCH:  The Bobcats'  Bismack Biyombo  hit 5-for-6 for 11 points and grabbed 12 boards. NOTABLE:  Dudley's consecutive-game streak of 206 ended because of a bruised thigh suffered Wednesday night at New Orleans. His was the fourth-longest active streak. Derek Fisher leads with 519. The Bobcats played without four regulars:  DeSagana Diop  sat out with a leg injury, joining such mainstays as  D.J. Augustin  (toe),  Gerald Henderson  (hamstring) and  Corey Maggette  (hamstring). UP NEXT:  For the Bobcats, Tuesday @ Boston, Friday vs. Bulls and Saturday vs Los Angeles Clippers. For the Suns, Monday @ Atlanta, Tuesday at Milwaukee. Thursday vs. Rockets.  