  Celtics-Bulls notebook   By Kent McDill, for NBA.com Posted Thursday April 7, 2011 11:55PM THE FACTS:  The Chicago Bulls dominated the second half and ran off to a 97-81 victory over the Boston Celtics Thursday at the United Center.  Derrick Rose  finished with 30 points and eight assists for the Bulls, while  Luol Deng  added 23 points and  Carlos Boozer  had 14 points and 12 rebounds.  Paul Pierce ,  Kevin Garnett  and  Ray Allen  combined for just 32 points on 12 of 33 shooting against the league's top defense. THE FACTS II:  The victory raised the Bulls to a 58-20 record, four games better than the 54-24 Celtics with four games remaining. QUOTABLE:  "We got our ass kicked tonight. I haven't recalled that in a while."    -- Boston forward Kevin Garnett THE STAT:  After making three of their first four shots in the third quarter, the Celtics were 9-for-34 (26 percent) the rest of the game. THE STAT II:  The Celtics had 11 turnovers, nine of them on Bulls steals.  Taj Gibson  was credited with three steals. TURNING POINT:  The Bulls led 48-43 at halftime, but Boston scored the first six points of the second half to take the lead. The Bulls then scored the next 10 points to go ahead 58-49. THE MOMENT:  In the first quarter, Rose got past defender  Rajon Rondo , then sliced through two interior defenders before making a scoop layup inside for one of his best moves of the season. INJURY UPDATE:  Bulls guard  Keith Bogans , who has started every game this season, played Thursday despite missing practice Wednesday with a knee injury. Center  Joakim Noah  did not play the final 15 minutes as his recently sprained right ankle was re-taped. HOT:  The Bulls, who have struggled at the free-throw line this season, made 14 of 15 freebies, with Rose going 10-for-10. NOT:  On a night of bad shooting for everyone in green, Rondo added to the woes by going 3-for-10 from the field for seven points. QUOTABLE II:  "I'm just thinking about the next one. You guys may think it is a cliché and maybe it is a cliché, but it is what's important. The Cleveland game is just as important as this game. It's actually more important now because this one is gone. "    -- Bulls coach  Tom Thibodeau GOOD MOVE:  The Bulls used five players (Boozer, Noah,  Kurt Thomas , Gibson and  Omer Asik ) defensively against Kevin Garnett, who scored just 10 points in 30 minutes. BAD MOVE:  The Celtics came out with good energy to start the second half, but as soon as the Bulls went on a 10-0 run to regain the lead, the Celtics backed off in terms of aggressiveness. NOTABLE:  At halftime, a bronze bust of Bulls Hall of Fame forward  Scottie Pippen  was unveiled by the team. The new bust, which details a likeness of Pippen from the waist up, is colorful, with him wearing a red jersey No. 33 with black writing. As fans cheered during the ceremony, Pippen got on the microphone and asked the fans "So, what do you think?" UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Friday @ Cleveland, Sunday @ Orlando, Tuesday @ New York. For the Celtics, Friday vs. Washington, Sunday @ Miami, Monday @ Washington.  