Notebook: Clippers 94, Bulls 89 
 
 
 Kent McDill, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Dec 12, 2012 12:54 AM - Updated Wed Dec 12, 2012 12:54 AM 
 
 THE FACTS:  The Los Angeles Clippers extended their winning streak to a season-high seven games with a 94-89 victory over the host Chicago Bulls Tuesday at the United Center. The Bulls, who had their own three-game winning streak broken, could not stay with the high-flying Clippers in the second half.  Blake Griffin  had 22 points and 10 rebounds for the Clippers.  Carlos Boozer  had 24 points and 13 rebounds for the Bulls, who lost to the Clippers by 21 in Los Angeles in November.     
 
 THE FACTS II:  The Clippers, who were held to 40 percent shooting in the first half, shot almost 53 percent in the second half. Four of their 10 baskets in the fourth quarter were dunks. 
 
 QUOTABLE I:  "I think that shows we are a defensive team."  
 -- Clippers guard  Chris Paul  on all of the Clippers' fast-break points off defensive steals. 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Bulls, who average four made 3-pointers a game, had a season-high 10 in the game Tuesday, going 10-for-20 from long range.  Marco Belinelli  had four 3-pointers, tying the Clippers for the game.  
 
 THE STAT II:  The Clippers attempted 23 free throws to just 12 for the home team Bulls, and outscored the Bulls 16-9 from the stripe.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Clippers scored the last six points of the first half to open a seven-point lead. The Bulls pulled back into the lead in the third quarter but an 8-2 run at the start of the fourth quarter put the Clippers safely ahead.  Eric Bledsoe  had two of the four baskets in that stretch for the Clippers. 
 
 INJURY UPDATE:   Kirk Hinrich  started and played 29 minutes after missing the second half of Saturday's game with a hyperextended elbow.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "The end of the second quarter changed the game. We started dancing with the ball."  
 -- Bulls coach  Tom Thibodeau 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  When the Clippers built up their bench, they helped save their starting lineup. No Los Angeles starter played more than 37 ½ minutes, while the Bulls had three players play more than 40 minutes, and Deng played four seconds shy of 40. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  See above. 
 
 NOTABLE:  The last time a Clippers team won seven games in a row was in the 1991-92 season when they won eight straight, setting the franchise mark in Los Angeles... the Bulls play their next six games against teams that are above .500... Chicago's  Nate Robinson  was called for a flagrant foul for lifting his foot up while on the ground in an attempt to trip  Jamal Crawford ... Blake Griffin had his first made 3-pointer of the season and is now one for seven from behind the arc.     
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Wednesday at Philadelphia, Saturday vs. Brooklyn, Monday at Memphis. For the Clippers, Wednesday at Charlotte, Saturday at Milwaukee, Monday at Detroit. 
