Notebook: Trail Blazers 106, Pacers 102 
 
 
 Kerry Eggers, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Dec 03, 2013 2:14 AM - Updated Tue Dec 03, 2013 2:14 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  Portland (15-3) is off to its best 18-game start since 1990-91, when it started 17-1. The Blazers last started 15-3 in 1998-99. 
 
 THE LEAD:  The Trail Blazers overcame a career-high 43 points by Indiana's  Paul George , breaking open a tight game with an early fourth-quarter run, then holding on for a 106-102 victory Monday night at the Moda Center. 
 
 LaMarcus Aldridge  and  Damian Lillard  combined for 54 points for Portland, which never led until the final period. Aldridge collected 28 points and 10 rebounds and Lillard scored 26 points for the Blazers. 
 George bombed in five 3-pointers in the final 2:56 as Indiana (16-2) trimmed a seven-point deficit to three in the closing seconds.  Roy Hibbert  added 16 points and 14 rebounds for the Pacers, who saw the end to a seven-game win streak. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I don't think you make statement games in December. We beat a good team at home. It's something to be proud of, but we have another great team (Oklahoma City) coming in on Wednesday. We just have to keep rolling along."  
 
 -- Portland coach  Terry Stotts 
 
 
 TURNING POINT:  With the score tied 72-72 after three quarters, Portland opened the fourth quarter with a 9-2 surge, Lillard and backup  Mo Williams  providing all the points. Indiana never got closer than two points the rest of the way. 
 
 HOT:  George was unconscious in the late going, scoring Indiana's final 15 points on five treys in a remarkable one-man show.  
 
 NOT:  Indiana's starting backcourt,  Lance Stephenson  and  George Hill , combined for eight points on 2-for-11 shooting.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I was just trying to keep us in there. My number was called upon in the fourth quarter. I was just trying to be there for my teammates. I was trying to will us back into the game."  
 
 -- George 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Stotts kept Lillard in the lineup with reserves Williams,  Joel Freeland, Dorell Wright  and  Thomas Robinson  to begin the fourth quarter. It was a mix that worked. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Scola, effective with 10 points in a 10-minute first-half stint, played only five minutes in the second half, going scoreless and taking only two shots. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "It was like (George) could do whatever he wanted. He was going to make his shots. He's a top-five (NBA player), for sure. He's an MVP candidate so far. We tried to make him work. We did make him work. He made some tough shots. He did a great job tonight, but we still got a win."  
 
 -- Portland's  Nicolas Batum , who had primary defensive responsibilities for George 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  Portland is 8-0 against Eastern Conference opponents this season. ... Earlier in the day, Stotts and Indiana's  Frank Vogel  were named the NBA's two conference coaches of the month -- Stotts representing the Western Conference, Vogel the East. Asked how he felt about the two coaches squaring off on the day they were honored, Vogel quipped, "I like it. I always feel like you're getting jinxed if you get that award. We can't both be jinxed -- I have a 50 percent chance" to win. ... Indiana entered the game with an NBA-best 16-1 record, Portland with a 14-3 mark. It's the first time teams with such high winning percentages after 15 games have met since 1993.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Pacers, Wednesday @ L.A. Clippers, Friday @ Denver, Monday vs. New Orleans. For the Trail Blazers, Wednesday vs. Oklahoma City, Friday vs. Utah, Saturday vs. Dallas. 
