  Notebook: Hawks 106, Nets 101   By Jake Appleman, for NBA.com Posted Monday January 9, 2012 11:15PM THE FACTS:  When a  Josh Smith  midrange jumper bounced off the back rim and in, he must have known it was his night. Smith (26 points, six rebounds) drained his first four jumpers, including two long twos, to stake the Hawks to a 19-8 lead. The Hawks, led by  Joe Johnson  late, held off a late charge to down the Nets, 106-101. Jeff Teague  (20 points) and Johnson (22 points, six assists) made efficient contributions for Atlanta, while  Anthony Morrow  (20 points) and rookie  MarShon Brooks  (19 points, 10 rebounds) shot the ball well for the Nets.  Deron Williams  finished with 15 points and 14 assists. QUOTABLE:  "That's what kind of start we got off to; I can't even pronounce the word."   --  Nets head coach  Avery Johnson , after struggling to pronounce the word 'lethargic' to describe his team's lethargic start to the game. THE STAT:  Following a stretch of three games in three nights and a day off, the Hawks starters played all but approximately 35 minutes of the total game action, and shot 38-67 (57 percent) from the field. TURNING POINT:  Midway through the third quarter,  Kris Humphries  blocked  Al Horford  emphatically from behind, but Morrow missed an open three in transition. Heading the other away, Smith finished an alley-oop that put the Hawks up 65-56. After the five point swing, Humphries committed an offensive foul on the ensuing possession. GOOD MOVE:  Hawks head coach  Larry Drew  started  Vladamir Radmanovic . Even though Radmanovic's only first quarter points came on a wide open corner 3-pointer, he meshed well with his athletic teammates -- yet again -- as the Hawks blitzed the Nets early in the Prudential Center, the NBA's friendliest arena to away teams in the first quarter. Radmanovic also drilled a backbreaking 3-pointer to put the Hawks up 98-85 late in the fourth quarter. QUOTEABLE II:  "It always hard on the third time around. It's kind of a semi-playoff game."   --  Smith, on playing the Nets three times in their first ten games. INSIDE THE ARENA: John Connor  of the New York Jets sat courtside...and a  Derrick Coleman  early 90s montage played on the Jumbotron in the second quarter. ROOKIE WATCH:  Along with a first career double-double, Brooks got hot in the third quarter, nailing two 3-pointers and a layup to keep the Nets within striking distance at the end of the third quarter. NOTABLE:  A running hook shot off the window from  Johan Petro  gave the Nets their first home lead of the season... Shawne Williams  tallied a season-high 11 points. UP NEXT:  For the Hawks, Wednesday @ Indiana, Thursday vs. Charlotte, Saturday vs. Minnesota. For the Nets, Wednesday @ Denver, Friday @ Phoenix, Saturday @ Utah.  