  Notebook: Grizzlies 93, Hornets 87   By Larry Holder, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday January 18, 2012 11:19PM THE FACTS:   Marc Gasol  was a force on the low post with 22 points, 12 rebounds and seven assists as the Memphis Grizzlies defeated the New Orleans Hornets 93-87 on Wednesday night in the New Orleans Arena. Memphis has won four consecutive games, while New Orleans has lost 11 of its last 12 games. QUOTABLE:  "I told our team this was the way we were four years ago. We weren't winning a lot of games, but we were battling and trying to get better every day regardless whether it was a win or loss. That's where they [the Hornets] are now. ... We just had to stay after it."   -- Grizzlies coach  Lionel Hollins THE STAT:  Turnovers have haunted the Hornets the last three games and they did once again on Wednesday as New Orleans gave the ball away 18 times. The Hornets have turned the ball over 54 times in their last three games, all losses. TURNING POINT:  The Hornets fought back little by little through the first half after trailing by as many as 14 points in the first half to eventually tie it up at 55 by going on a 7-0 run to open the third quarter. Then the Grizzlies promptly went on a 7-0 run of their own and fought off New Orleans the rest of the way. QUOTABLE II:  "The turnovers. It's the same thing every night. ... We don't have enough to overcome turnovers. It's not one or two guys. It's everyone."   -- Hornets coach  Monty Williams HOT:  Grizzlies guard  Mike Conley  took care of the backcourt, while Gasol handled down low. Conley went 6-for-11 from the floor (4-for-7 from 3-point land) to score 18 points along with 10 assists and two steals in nearly 42 minutes. NOT:  Other than  Jason Smith , the Hornets' big men played pretty small against Memphis.  Emeka Okafor ,  Chris Kaman  and  Carl Landry  scored a combined 10 points. The three players will net a combined salary of around $33 million this season. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Hornets point guard  Jarrett Jack  has scored 20 or more points in consecutive games and has hit the 20-point mark five times this season. He had a game-high 27 points on 11-for-15 shooting (4-for-4 from behind the arc), along with eight assists. Williams said that he's been telling Jack to be more aggressive at times because of the lack of scorers on the roster with  Eric Gordon  still injured. NOTABLE:  Hornets forward  Trevor Ariza  started Wednesday night against the Grizzlies after missing the last eight games with a groin injury. Ariza did everything he could to try to pull New Orleans to a win with 18 points, five rebounds, seven assists and four steals. ... The Grizzlies'  O.J. Mayo  came up big off the bench with 16 points in nearly 26 minutes. ... The Hornets have yet to score 100 or more points this season. They've been held to less than 90 points in nine of their 14 games this season. UP NEXT:  For the Grizzlies, Friday @ Detroit, Saturday vs. Sacramento, Monday @ Golden State. For the Hornets, Thursday @ Houston, Saturday vs. Dallas, Monday vs. Sacramento.  