  Trail Blazers-Sixers notebook   By Mike Radano, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday November 30, 2010 11:36PM THE FACTS: Elton Brand  scored a team-high 18 points and the bench scored 41 points as the Sixers beat the Trail Blazers 88-79 at the Wells Fargo Center on Tuesday night. The win was the third straight at home for the Sixers (5-13) and the first of the season in which they won by nine or less points. The Blazers (8-9) held a two-point lead entering the final quarter but the Sixers defense stepped up and held the visitors to just 11 fourth-quarter points. The Blazers were led by  Wesley Matthews  with 26 points and  LaMarcus Aldridge  with 20, but the two combined for just seven points in the final quarter. QUOTABLE:  "Our defense as a unit was spectacular. I think we held them to 4-for-20 in the fourth quarter."    -- Sixers head coach  Doug Collins  on the win THE STAT:  The Sixers shot 47 percent from the field compared to just 37 percent by the Blazers. The Sixers have shot 45 percent or better over the last five games (47 percent) including consecutive wins for the first time since last March. TURNING POINT:  With 6:10 left in the game  Jrue Holiday  scored on a layup that started a 13-4 run for the Sixers. The lead was never less than four after that point. QUOTABLE II:  "Teams get energy when they see the ball go in the basket. These teams are not scoring a lot of points on us -- 88 tonight. But we're scoring 70. Eleven points in the fourth and basically 12 in the fourth in the last game. There are things you've got to do. We're getting looks. We have to put the ball in the hole.."   -- Trail Blazers head coach  Nate McMillan  on Portland's struggles to score and its effect on the team's defense HOT:  Matthews had a game-high 26 points and is averaging 24.0 points over his last six games. He averaged just 9.9 points in his first 11 games of the season. NOT:  Sixers rookie guard  Evan Turner  scored just one point against the Blazers in 19 minutes. Turner is struggling to find a rhythm when  Andre Iguodala  and Holiday are in the game as he turns into an outside shooter instead of being able to create offense with the ball in his hand. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  The Sixers continue to go to  Tony Battie  late in games to exploit his size. Against the Blazers, he had just four points in 10 minutes, but he added three rebounds and has given the Sixers a lift off the bench. HAPPY BIRTHDAY: Andres Nocioni  contributed 11 points in 16 minutes off the bench on his 31st birthday. Nocioni also had five rebounds in the win. NOTABLE:  The Sixers have now won four of their last five meetings with the Blazers. ...  Portland is mired in a four-game losing streak that doesn't look to get better as it travels to play Boston on Wednesday night. ...  Spencer Hawes  got the start for the Sixers and scored 10 points for just his second double-digit effort of the season. ... Blazers guard  Brandon Roy  was held in check by the Sixers as he scored just 10 points. This after scoring a total of 48 points in the Blazers' previous two games. UP NEXT:  For the Blazers, Wednesday @ Boston, Friday @ Washington, Sunday vs. L.A. Clippers. For the Sixers, Friday @ Atlanta, Saturday vs. Charlotte, Tuesday @ Cleveland  