  Kings-Nuggets notebook   By Jimmy Spencer, for NBA.com Posted Friday January 7, 2011 2:05AM THE FACTS:  The Sacramento Kings put on a show for a rare nationally televised TNT game, defeating the visiting Denver Nuggets 122-102 on Thursday night. Kings guard  Tyreke Evans  scored a game-high 27 points and tallied 12 assists while rookie  DeMarcus Cousins  added 20 points. QUOTABLE:  "When it's a primetime game we don't want to go out there and make fools of ourselves. ... I just thought we should be aggressive and go out there and try to put the pressure on them."   -- Evans THE STAT:  The victory was Sacramento's first win this season against a team with a winning record. TURNING POINT:  The Kings used their highest first half scoring output of the season to lead Denver 69-55 at halftime. The Nuggets opened the third quarter on a 24-10 run to tie the game at 79-79 with 2:44 remaining until the Kings swung back with a 12-2 run to finish the quarter with a 91-81 advantage. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  For the second consecutive game, Evans looks quicker on the court, is finishing at the rim and is moving the ball better. Evans was a crisp 11-for-18 from the field and added five rebounds in addition to his 27 points and 12 assists. He had 29 points, eight assists and five steals against Atlanta on Tuesday. ROOKIE WATCH:  Cousins entered the night averaging 22.3 points in his last four games and shooting 54.4 percent during that stretch. He credited his recent success to doing a better job of not letting the officials distract his focus. The rookie continued his strong play with 20 points and six rebounds though he did battle with the referees. Cousins picked up a technical during the Nuggets' run in the third quarter for snapping at an official by yelling, "Come on man!" and smacking the floor after going down on an offensive post move and not getting a call. QUOTABLE II:  "He's coming on real quickly. I don't think it's the last technical he's ever going to get. He is really trying to put the explosions down quicker than he ever has."    -- Kings coach  Paul Westphal  on Cousins INSIDE THE ARENA:  Former Kings star  Chris Webber , commentating as part of the TNT broadcast, was given a standing ovation from the Sacramento crowd when announced in the first quarter. ... Cincinnati Reds Manager and Sacramento native,  Dusty Baker , brought his son  Darren  into the Nuggets locker room before the game to meet  Carmelo Anthony . NOTABLE:  The win marked No. 300 in the career of Kings coach Westphal. ... Now, Sacramento will begin its longest road trip of the season, a six-game east coast trek. ... Denver forward  Kenyon Martin  didn't play, as he continues to sit the second games of back-to-back sets while recovering from knee surgery. UP NEXT:  For the Nuggets, Sunday vs. New Orleans, Tuesday vs. Phoenix, Thursday vs. Miami. For the Kings, Sunday at Toronto, Tuesday at Washington, Wednesday at Boston.  