Notebook: Kings 121, Bulls 79 
 
 
 James Ham, For NBA.com 
 
Posted Thu Mar 14, 2013 2:38 AM - Updated Thu Mar 14, 2013 2:38 AM 
 THE FACTS: In a complete shocker, the Sacramento Kings used a strong performance by their starting backcourt and hot shooting to stomp the Chicago Bulls 121-79 on Wednesday night. 
 
 Tyreke Evans  led all scorers with 26 points on 11-for-13 shooting for the Kings (23-43).   Isaiah Thomas  went up against fellow Seattle native  Nate Robinson  and came away the victor, dropping 22 points on his close friend and mentor now on the Chicago (35-29) roster.   Patrick Patterson  responded with 14 points and nine rebounds in his first start for the Kings, as the home team shot a stellar 54.2 percent on the night. 
 
 Carlos Boozer  filled the stat sheet for the Bulls, scoring a team-high 21 points.  He added seven rebounds and four assists in the loss.  Robinson tried to keep pace with Thomas, finishing with 19 points on 7-for-9 shooting.   
 
 QUOTABLE : "I wasn't surprised.  I know we [are] able to do it.  We've just got to want it every night.  We did a good job of being physical with them."   
 -- Tyreke Evans 
 
 THE STAT : The Kings jumped all over the Bulls in the first half, taking a 65-36 lead into the intermission.  The home team shot a whopping 58 percent from the field and turned the ball over just one time before the break.  
 
 TURNING POINT : The turning point in this one came when the Kings came out on the floor ready to start the game and the Bulls did not.  This one was shockingly over in the first few minutes of the game. 
 
 QUOTABLE II : "It's fun, he's like a big brother to me so I look forward to these types of matchups."  
 --Isaiah Thomas on his showdown with Robinson 
 
 HOT : Patterson came out firing in his first start with the Kings, scoring 11 points on 5-for-5 shooting and grabbing five rebounds in the first quarter.  The Bulls appeared shell shocked, as the Kings led 34-20 through the games first 12 minutes. Tyreke Evans was also hot.  Everything is clicking right now for the former Rookie of the Year.   
 
 NOT :  Marco Belinelli  killed the Bulls, missing all nine of his shots from the field and finishing with a goose egg in the blow out loss. 
 
 GOOD MOVE : With  DeMarcus Cousins  sitting this one out with a left thigh contusion, Kings coach  Keith Smart  turned to the newly acquired Patterson to start the game.  The former Rocket carried the load early as the Kings jumped all over the Bulls.   
 
 BAD MOVE : Some nights you have it, some nights you don't and tonight, the Bulls just didn't have it.  There wasn't a whole lot Bulls coach  Tom Thibodeau  could do in this one. 
 
 NOTABLE : The Kings turned the ball over just once in the first half, a new season low.  The Kings played without Cousins (left thigh contusion) and  James Johnson  (personal) tonight.  The Bulls continue to be the walking wounded, playing without  Kirk Hinrich  (right foot),  Taj Gibson  (left knee),  Richard Hamilton  (lower back) and, of course,  Derrick Rose  (left knee).  Rose put on a show in pre-game, dunking off his injured left leg in front of a large group of Bulls fans.  
 
 UP NEXT : For the Bulls, Friday @ Golden State, Monday vs. Denver, Thursday vs. Portland. For the Kings, Sunday @ Lakers, Tuesday vs. Clippers, Thursday vs. T-Wolves.  
