  Hawks-Wizards notebook   By Rich Dubroff, for NBA.com Posted Saturday April 9, 2011 11:24PM THE FACTS:   Andray Blatche  had 23 points and  John Wall  had 19 to lead the Washington Wizards to a 115-83 rout of the Atlanta Hawks on Saturday. It was the Hawks' fourth straight loss. The win broke Washington's 12-game losing streak against Atlanta. The Hawks, seeded fifth in the East, play Orlando in the first round of the playoffs next week, and was out of the game early. Washington led by 19 in the second quarter and increased its lead steadily. Al Horford  led Atlanta with 21.  Joe Johnson  had 16. QUOTABLE:  "You can't just flip the switch. It just doesn't work like that. I've been around this thing long enough to see that you can't just turn it on and turn it off. You want to be playing well. You want to be clicking so that you don't miss a beat once the playoffs start."   -- Hawks coach  Larry Drew  on his team's embarrassing performance. THE STAT:  Atlanta's record is 11-18 since they won in Washington on Feb. 5. At the time, they were a season-high 15 games over .500 TURNING POINT:  The Wizards led 16-6 halfway through the first quarter. Atlanta never trailed by fewer than eight in the rest of the quarter, and didn't challenge at all in the final three quarters. QUOTABLE II:  "Those are the scariest dudes, man 'cause they're hungry. Those guys that haven't tasted the NBA lifestyle. They want to be here. They want to prove they can play at this level. Those are the most dangerous guys to me."   --Atlanta's  Marvin Williams  on the Wizards' D-League players. HOT:   Maurice Evans  was 5-for-5 from the field. In his previous two games, he was 1-for-10. NOT:  The Hawks'  Zaza Pachulia  was scoreless in 14 minutes, had just two rebounds and committed five fouls. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  The way the Hawks are playing, it's probably a good thing that most leagues end with the regular season. For next season, Washington's  Othyus Jeffers  and  Larry Owens  are showing what they can do. GOOD MOVE:  Washington coach  Flip Saunders  playing Jeffers, Owens and  Kevin Seraphin  at least 20 minutes against the Hawks. He blamed himself for taking them out on Friday night in Boston when the Wizards trailed by just four late in the fourth quarter. "Last night, I made a mistake," Saunders said. "I took them out to have our main guys bring it home. The main guys came in and made four turnovers and all of a sudden, we were down 12 and the game was pretty much over at that point." BAD MOVE:  The Hawks giving up in the second quarter. "I think guys were really just going through the motions out there," Horford said. ROOKIE WATCH:  Wall had 10 points, seven assists and five rebounds. Owens had 10 points,  Jordan Crawford  six points against his former team,  Kevin Seraphin  had four points and  Mustafa Shakur  had three. In just his second NBA game,  Pape Sy  had seven points in eight minutes for Atlanta. INSIDE THE ARENA:  The Wizards continue to draw well despite a 22-58 record. The crowd of 19,771 was the fifth largest of the season. NOTABLE:  Washington's 12 straight losses to the Hawks was their longest streak against any opponent. Their last win against Atlanta came on Jan. 11, 2008. UP NEXT:  For the Hawks, Monday vs. Heat, Wednesday @ Bobcats For the Wizards, Monday vs. Celtics, Wednesday @ Cavaliers  