Notebook: Wizards 113, Nets 107 
 
 
 Jake Appleman, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Dec 18, 2013 11:23 PM - Updated Wed Dec 18, 2013 11:23 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Washington Wizards continued to get healthy in New York City, following up Monday's win over the Knicks with another close road victory, 113-107 over the Brooklyn Nets.  
 
 THE LEAD:  Seven Wizards scored in double figures. They corralled loose balls, outrebounded the Nets 51-31, and knocked down open 3-pointers (12-for-20), exposing the Nets as the poor defensive team they have been for much of the season. Speed from  John Wall  (21 points, 6 assists) opened up seams in the defense, while  Nene  (17 points),  Marcin Gortat  and  Trevor Booker  (nine offensive rebounds) were tough to contain inside.    
 Continuing to thrive off the bench,  Paul Pierce  (a season-high 27 points, six rebounds) turned in his most impressive performance as a Net, while  Joe Johnson  (20 points, seven rebounds) and  Brook Lopez  (22 points) both shot the ball efficiently.    
 
 THE STAT:  The Wizards had 23 second-chance points to just three for the Nets.  
 
 TURNING POINT:   Andray Blatche  missed layup end of the quarter off a baseline feed from Johnson and a  Kevin Seraphin  follow-up dunk increased the Wizards' lead to eight heading into the fourth quarter, during which the Nets never got closer than one, as the four-point swing proved costly.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  It's easy to sit here and talk to you guys about what kind of night I had, but bottom line, I don't care. We lost the game." 
 -- Paul Pierce 
 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I thought our bigs passed the ball, interior-wise, as good as we'e done. I'm really pleased. I thought it was one of our better overall games."  
 -- Wizards coach  Randy Wittman 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  The Wizards hit 9-for-11 3-pointers in the first half. .... Pierce hit his first seven shots. ....  Deron Williams  tied his season high with 13 assists, but struggled shooting the ball (5-for-13). .... Johnson's seven rebounds at the shooting guard position were a team high.      
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Wizards, Saturday @ Boston, next Friday @ Minnesota, next Saturday vs. Detroit. For the Nets, Friday @ Philadelphia, Monday vs. Indiana, Wednesday vs. Chicago. 
