  Notebook: Lakers 96, Clippers 91   By Dan Arritt, for NBA.com Posted Thursday January 26, 2012 2:19AM THE FACTS:  The rivalry between the Lakers and Clippers turned up another notch Wednesday night, as six technical fouls, a flagrant foul, a couple shoving matches and an ejection later, the Lakers prevailed with a 96-91 victory at Staples Center, evening the season series at 1-1. QUOTABLE:  "We're not going to score 110 points because we're not a fast-paced team or a high-possession team, but 96 points on 49 percent [shooting] was an efficient night for us offensively."   -- Lakers coach  Mike Brown THE STAT:  The Lakers scored less than 100 points for the 12th consecutive game, equaling a franchise record in the post shot-clock era set during the 2003-04 season. TURNING POINT:  The Lakers took their first lead since a 2-0 start when  Kobe Bryant  sank a 3-point basket with 6:26 remaining in the game for a 79-78 advantage. Three minutes later, the Lakers led by two points when Bryant tipped an offensive rebound to himself following a missed jumper by  Derek Fisher . He quickly fired a pass to  Metta World Peace  at the top of the 3-point line and he swished the basket for a five-point lead with 3:30 left. With just under eight minutes remaining, Bryant was the team's fourth-leading scorer but he produced 12 points down the stretch and finished with a team-high 24. HOT:  Lakers rookie point guard  Andrew Goudelock  got the nod to spell Fisher late in the first quarter and he came up huge, surpassing his season high during his first 12 minutes on the floor by scoring 10 points on 4-for-4 shooting. He finished with 14. Lakers 7-foot forward  Pau Gasol  also had a hot hand early, scoring 17 of his 23 points in the opening half. He also collected a team-high 10 rebounds. For the Clippers, Caron Butler made three 3-pointers in the opening minutes and scored the team's first 11 points, but he cooled off under the defensive pressure of World Peace and finished with 16. NOT:  Clippers point guard  Chris Paul , who missed the previous five games with a strained left hamstring, showed some rust, shooting 2-for-8 from the floor and scoring a season-low four points. He did contribute 12 assists with no turnovers. None of other Clipper guards shot well either.  Chauncey Billups ,  Mo Williams  and  Randy Foye  were a combined 9-for-33 ... For the Lakers, small forward  Matt Barnes  was quickly yanked from the game after Butler's early surge, and he lasted only 3 1/2 minutes to start the second half before he was lifted in favor of World Peace. Barnes played just 11 minutes, compared to 39 off the bench for World Peace, who finished with a team-high seven assists and two steals. GOOD MOVE:  Clippers forward  Blake Griffin , who finished with a team-high 26 points and nine rebounds, showed the Lakers home crowd his above-the-rim style, pump-faking Gasol on the perimeter, then driving baseline. He lifted the ball toward the rim, pulled it back down to his waist while in mid-flight and then stuffed it through the rim with enough force to rattle the sold-out arena. BAD MOVE:  Clippers center  DeAndre Jordan  committed the cardinal sin of blindly saving a ball under his own basket with about 2:30 remaining and the Lakers holding a three-point lead. Instead of getting the ball to a teammate, he threw it behind his back to World Peace, who passed off to  Andrew Bynum  for an uncontested dunk and a five-point lead. QUOTABLE II:  "A frustrating loss but it was good to get Chris out there. I thought we made them earn it at the end."   -- Clippers coach  Vinny Del Negro NOTABLE:  For the second straight meeting, the Clippers won the rebounding battle against the Lakers, 53-44, despite coming into the game ranked 27th in the league in rebounding, compared to No. 3 for the Lakers ... The Clippers haven't beaten the Lakers as the visiting team since April 2007, a span of nine games ... Lakers back-up forward  Josh McRoberts  was ejected with 9:43 remaining after he and Clippers forward  Reggie Evans  received double technical fouls. On the subsequent play, McRoberts received a second technical for elbowing Evans as he came off a screen. UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Saturday @ Milwaukee, Sunday @ Minnesota, Tuesday vs. Charlotte. For the Clippers, Thursday vs. Memphis, Sunday @ Denver, Monday vs. Oklahoma City.  