  Heat-Hawks notebook   By Matt Winkeljohn, for NBA.com Posted Friday March 18, 2011 11:56PM THE FACTS:   LeBron James  scored 23 of his 43 points in the third quarter, when he took over the game on the way to Miami's 106-85 rout of the Hawks in Atlanta. James made all eight of his shots in the first half while scoring 20 points as Miami took a 50-37 halftime lead. That paled in comparison to a third quarter in which he outscored the Hawks by three points. After  Chris Bosh  made one free throw for Miami's first point of the period, James scored 21 of Miami's next 30 points and  Dwyane Wade  scored the rest on three three-pointers in a span of 9:08. That gave the Heat an 81-53 lead with 1:09 left in the period. Bosh finished with 17 points and 10 rebounds, and Wade scored 14. Atlanta's three leading scorers came off the bench.   Marvin Williams  scored 15 points,  Damien Wilkins  had a season-high 14 and  Jeff Teague  added 13 (all in the second half). The Hawks have lost two straight, both at home. Atlanta is 20-14 at home, and 19-16 on the road. QUOTABLE:  "My jump shot felt great. When my jump shot is on, there's really nothing you can do about it defensively."   --   James. QUOTABLE II:  "Sometimes, you just have to sit back and watch."   --Miami coach  Erik Spoelstra . THE STAT:  5 & 3: That's how many offensive rebounds and second-chance points Atlanta had despite missing 44 (of 79) shots. Through three quarters, the Hawks made 23-of-57 shots (40.3 percent) yet grabbed just four offensive rebounds off those 34 misses in that time. Atlanta finished the game with three second-chance points, including just one through the first three quarters. Atlanta was out-rebounded 50-27 overall. TURNING POINT:  Atlanta led 15-10 in the first quarter, with 10 of the Hawks' points coming in the paint and a three-pointer by  Kirk Hinrich  coming off an inside-out pass from forward  Al Horford . Then, the ball seemed to stop going inside. Forwards  Al Horford  and  Josh Smith  finished with 11 and 10 points, respectively, not to mention a mere three rebounds each. Starting center  Jason Collins  did not score, and reserve center-forward  Zaza Pachulia  scored four of his six in the fourth quarter during garbage time. That's also when reserve forward  Hilton Armstong  scored his only basket. QUOTABLE III:  "We just seemed to lose sight. We are going through a slump, and I feel like we have been in it for a few weeks."   --Horford, whose team is 5-8 since trading point guard  Mike Bibby , reserves  Maurice Evans  and  Jordan Crawford  and a first-round pick to Washington for Hinrich and Armstrong. HOT:  Bosh recorded his fourth consecutive double-double with 17 points and 10 rebounds. ... Miami center  Erick Dampier  doesn't shoot often, but when he does, he makes a lot of them. After making two-of-three shots Friday, he has made 25-of-31 over the past 17 games (80.6 percent). ... Wilkins has made 15 of his last 20 shots spanning four games. ... NOT:  Atlanta's  Jamal Crawford , the second-leading scorer in the NBA among reserves, missed all four of his shots and went scoreless. He's averaging 5.7 points over the past three games. ...  Josh Smith  has made just eight-of-28 shots in the past two games. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Atlanta major  Kasim Reed  and " Phaedra " of "Housewives of Atlanta," were in the crowd at Philips Arena. BAD MOVE:  Atlanta coach  Larry Drew's  decision to go back with his big lineup -- with Collins at center and Horford at power forward -- paid no dividends whatsoever. The lineup, which was the 14th that Drew has started this season, got off to a solid start, but once players starting subbing in for both teams Drew never found a mix that worked. NOTABLE:  Bibby, who bought out the final year-plus of his contract with the Wizards and signed with the Heat, hit one-of-five shots to finish with two points, four rebounds and six assists off the Miami bench. ... Teague's three-game stint as the Hawks' starting point guard ended with a thud. He scored 24 points with five steals when Drew moved him to point, Hinrich to shooting guard,  Joe Johnson  to small forward and  Marvin Williams  to the bench in a win against the Blazers last Saturday. But he made just three-of-17 shots over the next two games -- a win over Milwaukee in which Teague played well defensively against  Brandon Jennings  -- and a lopsided loss to Denver. Teague did not play in the first half, even as Miami raced to a 50-33 halftime lead. ... Pachulia, who scored a season-high 19 points and added 10 rebounds in Atlanta's loss Wednesday to the Nuggets, played just 7:19 in the first half. Pachulia was called for a flagrant foul against James late in the third quarter, and moments later was assessed a technical foul after what appeared to be a brief flare-up with Miami's  James Jones . ... James has scored 17,012 points in his career. UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Saturday vs. the Nuggets, Wednesday @ the Pistons, Friday vs. the 76ers. For Atlanta, Sunday vs. the Pistons, Tuesday vs. the Bulls, Wednesday @ the 76ers.  