
 Pistons-Nets notebook   By Jake Appleman, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday October 27, 2010 10:47PM THE FACTS:   The New Jersey Nets celebrated their first regular-season game at the Prudential Center with a come-from-behind 101-98 victory over the Detroit Pistons.  Anthony Morrow  drained a 3-pointer from the right wing to give the Nets the lead for good at 97-95. QUOTABLE:   "It's very, very frustrating. To be up seven with 1:40 to go [and lose] is frustrating. We have to close out the game."   -- Pistons forward, Charlie Villanueva. THE STAT:   The teams combined for 62 points -- 31 apiece -- in the fourth quarter, 11 more than in any other frame. TURNING POINT:   Devin Harris  sank a running fadeaway off one leg while getting fouled with 57.1 seconds left. The and-one put the Nets in position to take the lead for good on Morrow's 3-pointer with 26 seconds remaining. INSIDE THE ARENA:   Commissioner  David Stern  held a pregame press conference with Newark Mayor  Cory Booker  to discuss the 2011 NBA Draft, which will be held in Newark. The Nets Russian owner  Mikhail Prokhorov  watched the team he bought last spring play for the first time. Nets minority owner  Jay-Z  showed up in the middle of the second quarter and sat courtside with his wife  Beyonce . Rapper  Master P  also attended the game. ROOKIE WATCH:   Derrick Favors  finished with eight points and 10 rebounds, converting nicely around the rim, getting to the foul line, and boxing out well in the paint. NOTABLE:   The Prudential Center deserves a special mention, not only for its state-of-the-art amenities, but because it's a place where Nets fans can make actual noise. The fans, many of them waving white towels late in the game, were certifiably raucous. ... While  Brook Lopez  put up the gaudiest stats (25 points, nine rebounds, three blocks), Harris kept things close with a personal run on the offensive end midway through the third quarter -- three baskets, a free throw, and an assist -- and his one-on-one domination late in the game made the difference. ... It took the Nets eighteen less games this season to get into the win column. UP NEXT:   For the Pistons, Friday vs. Thunder, Saturday @ Chicago, Wednesday @ Atlanta. For the Nets, Friday vs. Kings, Sunday vs. Heat, Wednesday vs. Bobcats. 
