  Notebook: Rockets 112, Nets 106 Posted Saturday March 10, 2012 11:54PM By Adam Figman, for NBA.com    THE FACTS:  Though the Nets provided the night's best highlight, the Rockets were able to hold off their host in the tilt's final minute, downing New Jersey 112-106. A monster windmill dunk courtesy of  Gerald Green  energized both the Prudential Center and the rest of his teammates late in the third quarter, but Green accidentally tipped the ball in his own team's hoop with one minute remaining in the fourth, and the bucket -- credited to  Luis Scola  -- turned out to be Houston's go-ahead hoop. The Nets couldn't convert on a couple of late offensive opportunities, and the Rockets'  Goran Dragic  and  Courtney Lee  each hit a pair of clutch free throws that sealed the win and ended their squad's five-game losing streak. Dragic led Houston with 23 points, while five other Rockets scored in double-figures. Both New Jersey and Houston competed without their starting point guards, as  Deron Williams  was out with a strained right calf and  Kyle Lowry  was sidelined with an illness. QUOTABLE:  "It was a hell of a game. It was kind of like a good old-fashioned shootout; everyone was making shots. We needed a win. ... We had a lot of bad taste in our mouth coming into this game, and we found a way to win."   -- Rockets coach  Kevin McHale THE STAT:  Field goal percentage. Despite the fact that both groups were without their starting point men, the Rockets and Nets hit 56.1 and 53.1 percent of their shots, respectively. Had those numbers been reversed, the game's outcome would've been as well. TURNING POINT:  Though the Rockets were in control of most of the first half, a Nets' third-quarter 10-0 run and Green's windmill alley-oop finish swung the momentum in Jersey's favor headed into the fourth. They were steadily swarming back from then on, jumping ahead in the middle of the fourth, but the Rockets never let themselves fall behind more than five points -- a deficit they easily climbed back from halfway through the final quarter. HOT:  Playing under his second consecutive 10-day contract, Green proved his value by providing a game-high 26 points off the bench. It's tough to imagine him not earning a more-permanent spot in the rotation after this one. NOT: DeShawn Stevenson . While fellow Nets swingmen  MarShon Brooks  (23 points off 11-for-16 shooting) and Green were solid, Stevenson was a non-factor, putting in only three points in 19 minutes of action. QUOTABLE II:  "I've seen a lot in my career, but [Green's dunk] was pretty special. A great on-time, on-target pass, and I guess that's going to make a lot of highlights. Unfortunately for us, I wish it would've made some highlights with us winning the game."   -- Nets coach  Avery Johnson GOOD MOVE:  With Williams out for the night, Johnson gave guard  Jordan Farmar  the start, and the sixth-year player delivered, scoring in double figures (18 points) for the third straight contest. NOTABLE:  Green's throwdown immediately became a hot topic on the Internet, and is undoubtedly an early candidate for Dunk of the Year. It came off a pass from Brooks, who had seven assists, and Johnson admitted in his postgame presser that he's looking for Brooks to dish that many assists every game. UP NEXT:  For the Nets, Monday vs. Milwaukee, Wednesday vs. Toronto, Friday @ Orlando. For the Rockets, Sunday @ Cleveland, Tuesday @ Oklahoma City, Wednesday vs. Charlotte.  