  Notebook: Hawks 109, Magic 81 Posted Friday April 13, 2012 11:40PM By Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Six Hawks scored in double figured and Atlanta never trailed in a 109-81 rout of the Orlando Magic. Jannero Pargo  came off the Hawks bench with five 3-pointers and scored a game-high 17 points against a Magic team playing without center  Dwight Howard , who has a herniated disc in his lower back. Josh Smith  had 16 points and eight rebounds for Atlanta and set the early stage along with  Joe Johnson , who also scored 16. Glen Davis , starting at center for Orlando, hard 16 point nd nine rebounds. QUOTABLE:  "If we keep getting bench production like that over the next six or seven games going into the playoffs, we are going to be a scary ball club in the postseason."   -- Hawks forward  Josh Smith THE STAT:  The Hawks shot 51 percent for the game despite hoisting 35 3-point shots. QUOTABLE II:  "We've played five games without Dwight and in four of them we've given up over 50 percent (shooting). When that happens four times in five games, you're not putting anything in the game defensively."   -- Magic coach  Stan Van Gundy TURNING POINT:  An early 13-point Atlanta lead had been cut to seven when  Tracy McGrady  posted up  Earl Clark  for this first basket midway through the second quarter, sparking an 18-5 rally that left Atlanta with a 20-point halftime lead. HOT:  Pargo made his first five 3-point shots. NOT:  Magic forward  Ryan Anderson  missed all eight of his 3-point shots, ending his league-long streak of consecutive games in which he made at least one at 34. GOOD MOVE:  After starting point guard  Jeff Teague  was called for two fouls in the first quarter, Hawks coach  Larry Drew  went with  Tracy McGrady  for the entire second quarter. The 6-foot-8 McGrady used his matchup advantage for nine points in the quarter. QUOTABLE III:  "I thought with him in the lineup, it posed a bit of a problem from a matchup standpoint for them and we started having success with the matchup."   -- Hawks coach  Larry Drew BAD MOVE:  Having used their allotment of timeouts, the Magic were assessed an "excessive timeout technical foul" for not being able to call one in the last six minutes. NOTABLE:  The Hawks have won 10 of their last 12 games against the Magic, including all three this season and four of six in the first round of the playoffs last spring. ...  Stan Van Gundy  was whistled for his first technical foul of the season. UP NEXT:  For the Hawks, Sunday vs. Toronto, Monday @ Toronto, Wednesday vs. Detroit. For the Magic, Sunday @ Cleveland, Monday vs. Philadelphia, Wednesday @ Boston.   