Notebook: Cavaliers 87, Wizards 84 
 
 
 Rich Dubroff, For NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Dec 26, 2012 11:56 PM - Updated Wed Dec 26, 2012 11:56 PM 
 
 THE FACTS :  Kyrie Irving  scored 26 points,  Tristan Thompson  had a season-high 15 points and 12 rebounds to lead the Cleveland Cavaliers to a 87-84 win over the Washington Wizards on Wednesday night. 
 Thompson's three-point play with 24.4 seconds gave Cleveland the lead.  Jordan Crawford  missed a 3-pointer at the buzzer that would have sent the game to overtime. It was Cleveland's second straight win -- the first two game winning-streak of the season for the Cavaliers (7-23). The Wizards, losers of eight straight, drop to 3-23. 
 Crawford, who did not start because he was late to Wednesday's shootaround, and  Emeka Okafor  led Washington with 17 apiece.  Nene  had 16.  
 
  QUOTABLE : "I should be a lot happier than I am, I guess. But some of the bone-headed mistakes that we made -- some of the fouls, some of the things we did on the defensive end to allow them to have some of the shots that they had especially toward the end -- we've just got to be a little bit smarter when the game's on the line like that." 
 - -Cavaliers coach  Byron Scott 
 
 
 THE STAT : The Wizards had 20 turnovers to the Cavaliers' 10. Washington committed four in the last five minutes.  
 
 TURNING POINT : The Wizards were held scoreless for a stretch of nearly 4 ½ minutes in the fourth quarter as Cleveland took a three-point lead. Though Washington briefly tied it, the cold streak ended the game  
 
 QUOTABLE II :  "We've got too many guys that worry just about shooting the basketball and not about the other parts of the game." 
 -- Wizards coach  Randy Wittman  
 
 
 HOT : Irving had 20 of his game-high 26 points in the first half -- 12 of them in the second quarter.   
 
 NOT : Irving wasn't hot all game, though. He was 1-for-10 from the field in the second half. He went 2-for-6 from the free-throw line in the fourth quarter. "It just wouldn't fall. It was frustrating. I'm glad it's behind me, ad we got this win," Irving said. 
 
  GOOD MOVE : Scott kept Irving on the floor for the Cavs despite his shooting woes. Irving tied his season high with six rebounds. He also had eight rebounds.  
 
  BAD MOVE :  Crawford deciding to miss shootaround for the Wizards. He left the locker room before the media was allowed in. 
 
  NOTABLE : For the second straight game, the Wizards allowed an opponent to record its first two-game winning streak of the season. 
 
  INSID E  THE ARENA : For a game between two of the worst teams in the NBA with a combined record of 10-46, 13,846 showed up at the Verizon Center.  
 
  UP NEXT :  For the Cavaliers, Friday vs. Hawks, Saturday @ Nets, Wednesday vs. Kings. For the Wizards, Friday vs. Magic, Saturday @Bulls, Tuesday vs. Mavericks . 
