  Magic-Knicks notebook   By Adam Zagoria, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday March 23, 2011 11:57PM THE FACTS:  The Knicks fell under .500 for the first time since late November after a 111-99 loss to the Orlando Magic at Madison Square Garden. New York has dropped four straight and seven of eight. The Magic won their fourth straight behind 33 points and 11 boards from  Dwight Howard . QUOTABLE:  "This right now is a humbling experience for me, for the team, and right now we're taking some steps backwards but there's light at the end of the tunnel, I can tell you that."   --  Carmelo Anthony , who had 24 points and a team-best nine assists for New York THE STAT:  Once again, the Knicks were dominated in the fourth quarter, when they were outscored, 32-21. In their last four games, the Knicks have scored 17, 23, 17 and 21 points in the fourth quarter and been outscored, 119-78. Orlando scored on 13 of its last 15 offensive possessions. TURNING POINT:  After taking their last lead at 82-81, the Knicks gave up a 9-0 run -- in which  Gilbert Arenas  had six points -- to put the Magic up 90-82. QUOTABLE II:  "It was a combination of us and the Knicks missing shots that they can make.  Amar'e Stoudemire  can have the exact same shots on Monday and he might make 13-of-16. We didn't give up a lot of easy stuff. Holding them to around 30 percent in the second half was the key to our win."    -- Magic coach  Stan Van Gundy HOT:  The Magic starters. All five players scored in double-figures, including  Jameer Nelson  with 19,  Hedo Turkoglu  with 16 and  Brandon Bass  with 15. NOT:  Stoudemire finished with 13 points on 6-for-20 shooting and admitted afterward that he was fatigued by the number of games the Knicks have played this month. QUOTABLE III:  "I think we all are somewhat getting a fatigue factor setting in. It's been a crazy, crazy month for us so far. A lot of games in a few nights. We play great in the first half. We apply so much energy. In the second half, we just kind of run out a little bit there."    -- Stoudemire INSIDE THE ARENA:   Aretha Franklin  was in the house and got a little "Respect" over the house speakers. Former Knick legends  Bernard King ,  Earl Monroe ,  Mark Jackson  and  John Starks  were all on hand.  Patrick Ewing  is an assistant with the Magic. UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Friday vs. Milwaukee, Saturday @ Chicago, Monday vs. Orlando. For the Magic, Friday vs. New Jersey, Monday @ New York, Wednesday @ Atlanta.  