  Blazers-Wolves notebook   By Phil Miller, for NBA.com Posted Saturday January 8, 2011 12:11AM THE FACTS: Wesley Matthews  dominated from outside in the first half Friday, and  LaMarcus Aldridge  took over from inside in the second half, carrying the Portland Trail Blazers to a 108-98 victory over the Minnesota Timberwolves in Target Center. Matthews scored 29 points, one off his career-high for a game, in the first two quarters alone, nailing 7 of 8 three-pointers. He finished with 36 points, turning the offense after halftime over to Aldridge, who scored 18 of his 28 points in the second half. QUOTABLE:  "His demeanor changed. It was time for him to go to work, and he knew it. And that's what he did."   -- Wesley Matthews, on LaMarcus Aldridge's 18-point second half THE STAT : 18 -- Offensive rebounds collected by Portland, to just 12 for Minnesota, marking the fifth time in six games that the Timberwolves -- who lead the NBA in offensive rebounds -- have failed to outrebound their opponents on the offensive end TURNING POINT:  Matthews made all six of his shots in the first quarter, including five three-pointers, fueling the Trail Blazers to a 37-point first quarter and a double-digit lead they held until the game's final two minutes HOT : Matthews came into the game shooting only 32.9 percent over his last six games, but he made his first seven shots against Minnesota and went 7-for-8 from three-point range in the first half. NOT:  Another Wesley, Minnesota's  Wesley Johnson,  was so off his game, he was benched for most of the second half. The Wolves' rookie went 0-for-3 from the floor in just 19 minutes and finished with the first scoreless game of his career. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT: Kevin Love  scored 30 points and added 19 rebounds, just missing his third 30-20 game of the season. He's averaging 25.0 points and 17.0 rebounds in January. GOOD MOVE:  The Blazers knew that Minnesota would try to engage them in a running game, but coach Nate McMillan instructed point guard  Andre Miller  to keep the game at a measured pace. It worked -- Minnesota scored 19 fast-break points, but shot only 44 percent in the half-court offense. Meanwhile, while Miller didn't have the gaudy scoring total of Matthews or Aldridge, he helped the Blazers in numerous ways, making 7 of his 9 shots for 16 points while adding 10 assists and three steals. NOTABLE: Anthony Tolliver,  out since Dec. 3 with a right-knee strain, scored 10 points with two rebounds in a 21-minute return for the Timberwolves. ... Minnesota has lost 14 straight games to Portland, a streak dating back to March 25, 2007. ... Portland point guard  Andre Miller  now has 6,729 assists for his career, 16th-most in NBA history. He passed  Muggsy Bogues  on Friday. ...  Michael Beasley  played despite unexplained scratches on the right side of his face and a hard fall on his hip, managing to score 17 points for Minnesota. ... Matthews' seven three-pointers in the first half set a new Portland franchise record for a half. UP NEXT:  For the Trail BlazersSunday vs. Miami, Tuesday vs. New York, Friday @ Phoenix. For the Timberwolves, Sunday @ San Antonio, Tuesday vs. San Antonio, Thursday vs. Washington.  