Notebook: Nuggets 95, Mavericks 94 
 
 
 Michael Kelly, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Apr 05, 2013 1:09 AM - Updated Fri Apr 05, 2013 1:09 AM 
 
 THE FACTS:  Andre Iguodala  scored on a driving layup with 2.8 seconds left and the Denver Nuggets rallied to beat the Dallas Mavericks 95-94 on Thursday for their 19th straight home win. 
 It was a costly win for the Nuggets after forward  Danilo Gallinari  was hurt on a drive to the basket with 4:27 left in the first half. Gallinari's left knee buckled as he dribbled into the lane and he fell to the floor. He was helped off by teammates  Quincy Miller  and  Timofey Mozgov . 
 He is scheduled for an MRI on Friday. 
 Denver moved a half game ahead of Memphis and two games ahead of the Los Angeles Clippers for third in the Western Conference. 
 
 Corey Brewer  scored 23 points and  Andre Miller  had a season-high 22 for Denver, which is 35-7 since Jan. 1.  
 
 Brandan Wright  led the Mavericks with 16 points. Dallas fell 3.5 games back of the Lakers for the eighth and final seed in the Western Conference. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I can't deny, it didn't look good. I usually look at the player's face. He was scared. But I've had ones look bad and [the MRI] turned out to be OK. Nene went down a couple of years ago and it was just a sprain." 
 -- Nuggets coach  George Karl  on Gallinari's injury 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Nuggets hit just 19-for-30 free throws but they got to the line more than Dallas. The Mavericks attempted just 10 foul shots. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  With the Nuggets down one with 10.8 seconds left,  Kenneth Faried  missed two free throws, but Brewer snuck in and got the offensive rebound. Denver called a timeout and set up the final play. Iguodala drove through traffic and put in the winning shot.  
 
 TURNING POINT II:  Brewer was shrewd and calculating when he came from the side to block  Anthony Morrow 's 23-footer at the buzzer to preserve the win. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I knew he was going to go hard right. Once he went hard right I knew he was going to shoot it because there were only 2.8 seconds. I knew I could block it. I didn't want to go at him so I came from the side."  
 -- Corey Brewer on the game-saving block 
 
 
 HOT:  Miller showed age isn't a factor on a back-to-back. The 37-year-old veteran had a big game scoring 13 of his points in the second half to help Denver improve to 34-3 at home, the best home record in the NBA. 
 
 NOT:  Gallinari's injury. With the Nuggets playing well despite losing  Ty Lawson  for a few weeks they can hardly afford losing their other leading scorer. But it looks like they could be heading into the playoffs without one or both. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "It's tough when you have two of your main scorers out in Ty and Gallo. Hopefully nothing is torn. We found a way to pull that game out and that's what you need at this point of the season."  
 -- Andre Miller 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  The Nuggets made  Dirk Nowitzki  a non-factor in the game. He attempted just 10 shots, four in the second half, and scored 13 points. Denver's defense forced Nowitzki to give up the ball, and it forced him into a key turnover with 20 seconds left that led to the Nuggets' winning play. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  The Mavericks were sharing the ball and keeping it moving in the third quarter but got stagnant in the fourth.  
 
 QUOTABLE IV:  "We started making the extra pass, the ball wasn't sticking. That's when we got that run and got the lead. When we stopped doing that they got the lead. It went from sugar to [garbage] that quick. When we share the ball we're one of the best teams in the league."  
 -- Dallas forward  Shawn Marion 
 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Nuggets rookie  Evan Fournier  scored just three points after pouring in a combined 37 his past two games but he played solid in 19 minutes. He might be called upon even more if Gallinari's injury is serious.  
 
 NOTABLE:  The last time Denver won 19 straight at home was Jan 28-April 20, 1989 when  Doug Moe  was the coach. The club record is 20 set four years earlier. ... Faried finished with 12 points and 19 rebounds. ... Wright had six rebounds to go with his 16 points. It's the second time in three games he's reached those numbers. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Mavericks, Friday @ Sacramento, Sunday @ Portland, Wednesday vs. Phoenix. For the Nuggets, Saturday vs. Houston, Wednesday vs. San Antonio, Friday, April 12 @ Dallas. 
