  Notebook: Runs 112, Rockets 105 Posted Saturday April 14, 2012 12:06AM By Matt Miller, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The Phoenix Suns came into a sold-out Toyota Center and earned the victory they needed to ensure their playoff aspirations remained realistic.  Marcin Gortat  posted a double-double of 20 points and 15 rebounds,  Steve Nash  netted 18 points and handed out 10 assists and  Jared Dudley  scored 19 as the Suns rolled past the Houston Rockets 112-105 on Friday.  Marcus Camby  paced the Rockets' attack with 14 points, 18 boards and three blocks, while  Goran Dragic  added a game-high 22 points and seven assists. The victory moved Phoenix (31-28) within one game of Houston (32-27) for eighth place in the Western Conference and deadlocked the season-series at two games apiece.  QUOTABLE:  "At halftime, we just got yelled at [by coach  Alvin Gentry ]. ... It's been one of our strengths since the All-Star break that we're always coming out hard in the second half. We came out quicker, and I guess Houston relaxed a little bit."   -- Gortat on the Suns' second-half turnaround.  THE STAT:  Phoenix won for the eighth time in the last 13 games in which it trailed at halftime.  TURNING POINT:  The Suns surged to the lead early in the third quarter and extended that advantage as the period progressed. After a  Courtney Lee  bucket cut Phoenix's lead to 69-67 with 5:20 remaining in the third, the Suns held Houston to only one field goal for the rest of the quarter en route to building an 81-67 edge.  QUOTABLE II:  "We did a great job of establishing exactly what we wanted to do from the standpoint offensively. Then I thought we did a great job defensively of being active and our rotations were much better. ... I think the point [I made at halftime] was well taken."    -- Gentry on his halftime speech and his team's second-half adjustments. HOT:  After a scoreless first half on 0-for-3 shooting, Nash exploded for 10 points in the third quarter while leading the Suns to an efficient 10-for-18 shooting effort. NOT:  The Rockets have shot a combined 10-for-42 (23.8 percent) from the field during the third quarters of their last two games. GOOD MOVE:  With Houston in the midst of a desperate fourth-quarter rally, Nash drew a charge on Rockets guard  Courtney Lee  with 1:29 left to play. Two Suns possessions later, Dudley drilled a dagger 3-pointer to push the lead to 108-100 with 36.2 seconds remaining. BAD MOVE:  Houston has begun April with a season-worst three-game home losing streak, a surefire way to sabotage its chances of making the playoffs. QUOTABLE III:  "We stopped playing solid and hard, and our chemistry is a little wrong right now. We're not making right decisions. ... We're not being as fluid as we had been."    -- Rockets forward  Luis Scola  on the recent struggles at home.  NOTABLE:  Phoenix's  Grant Hill , returning to the lineup after missing the previous nine games with a torn meniscus in his right knee, came off the bench for the first time since December 2008 and only the 23rd time in his career. ... Camby pulled down all 18 of his rebounds in the first half. ... Nash and Gortat each have 28 double-doubles this season. ... The Suns improved to 4-13 on the road when trailing at halftime. ... Phoenix is now 17-5 when it grabs more rebounds than its opponent. ... The Suns have won only one game since March 18 when scoring less than 107 points. ... Phoenix improved to 12-4 when at least six Suns score in double figures. ... Dragic has dished out at least six assists in a career-high 19 consecutive games. ... The Rockets scored a season-best 36 points in the fourth period. ... Houston has reached 100 points in 11 of its last 19 games. ... The Rockets fell to 8-20 when allowing at least 100 points. UP NEXT:  For the Suns, Saturday @ San Antonio (ESPN), Monday vs. Portland, Wednesday vs. Oklahoma City. For the Rockets, Sunday @ Denver, Monday vs. Denver, Wednesday vs. Dallas.  