Notebook: Rockets 100, Bobcats 94 
 
 
 Derek S. Smith, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Mon Jan 21, 2013 7:16 PM - Updated Mon Jan 21, 2013 7:16 PM 
 
 THE FACTS: James Harden  scored 12 of his team-high 29 points in the fourth quarter as the Houston Rockets rallied from a 12-point deficit to down the Charlotte Bobcats 100-94 Monday afternoon at Time Warner Cable Arena. The win snaps a seven-game losing streak for the Rockets and gives the Bobcats a franchise-record 15th consecutive loss at home.  Kemba Walker  led the Bobcats with a career-best and game-high 35 points.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  I've got the green light every game, it's just a matter of me making shots and making plays for my teammates. These last few games I've been struggling, especially with my shot. Guys stepped up and hit some big shots, some big threes.  Marcus (Morris)  and  Carlos (Delfino)  and those guys stepped up all night. --  Harden. 
 
 
 THE STATS:  The Houston Rockets rallied from a 12-point deficit to win against Charlotte. It was the eighth time this season that the Rockets have won after trailing by 10 or more points this season. They won thanks in part to their free throw shooting. Houston set season highs in makes (32) and attempts (41). Houston toot 17 more free throw attempts than Charlotte did and Harden made 21 trips, more than double his season average, to the charity stripe and knocked down 19 of them. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Houston made its come back complete early in the fourth quarter by the hands of Harden. He put the Rockets ahead for the first time with 7:57 to go on a fast break dunk at 84-83. Charlotte followed up with its first basket of the quarter nine second later before Harden added four more at the free throw line for an 88-85 advantage.  
 
 HOT:  Morris came out to start the second half and validated Houston coach  Kevin McHale's  decision. The second-year forward scored 13 points in the second half on 4-of-5 shooting including a part of three pointers and added four rebounds, a steal and a blocked shot for the Rockets.  
 
 NOT:  Charlotte is 1-18 this season when its opponent hits 10 or more three pointers in a game and Houston averages a Western Conference-best 10.0 makes from beyond the arc. The Rockets made 10 three pointers in the win Monday afternoon to continue Charlotte's misery in defending the three-point line. 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Delfino is playing well of late for the Rockets. The back-up guard scored 16 points, grabbed three rebounds and had one assist. Over the last three games he's averaging 16.0 points, 3.0 rebounds, 2.0 assists and 1.0 steal. 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA: David Guthrie , a native Charlottean, was on the three-man refereeing crew. Former Charlotte Bobcat guard  Derek Anderson  was seated courtside. Bobcats played a clip of the "I Have a Dream" speech by  Martin Luther King, Jr .  between first and second quarter. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH: Michael Kidd-Gilchrist  struggled for the Bobcats with foul trouble early and his stat line shoed. The rookie from Kentucky had nine points, four rebounds, one assist and one block to go along with five fouls in 24 minutes of action. Fellow rookie  Jeffery Taylor  had seven points and two assists off the bench. Houston rookie guard  Patrick Beverly  had a career-high in both points (10) and minutes (24) off the bench including a big three in the fourth quarter.  
 
 NOTABLE:  Walker had career highs in points (35) and made three-point baskets (6). His 35 points was also the most tallied by a Charlotte player this season.  Ramon Sessions  had a season-best eight rebounds and added 19 points.  Bismack Biyombo  tied a career high with seven blocked shots.  Hakim Warrick  was in double figures for the fifth time in the last six games. Today is the 50th birthday of former Rocket  Hakeem Olajuwon . Harden scored 20 points or more for the 23rd consecutive game and set career bests for both free throws made (19) and attempted (21).  Chandler Parsons  was in double figures for the 29th time this season.  Carlos Delfino  scored in double figures for the 17th time this season.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Rockets, Wednesday vs. Denver, Friday @ New Orleans, Saturday vs. Brooklyn. For the Bobcats, Wednesday vs. Atlanta, Saturday vs. Minnesota, Monday @ Chicago. 
