Notebook: Sixers 114, Nuggets 102 
 
 
 Michael Kelly, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Thu Jan 02, 2014 2:29 AM - Updated Thu Jan 02, 2014 2:29 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Philadelphia 76ers have won two straight road games after dropping 13 in a row away from home.  
 
 THE LEAD: Evan Turner  had 23 points, one of seven players to score in double figures for the Sixers, and  Thaddeus Young  had 17 points and 10 rebounds as Philadelphia handed the Denver Nuggets their eighth straight loss with a 114-102 win Wednesday night. 
 
 Michael Carter-Williams  added 16 points and nine rebounds for the Sixers. 
 
 Ty Lawson  had 19 points and 11 assists for the Nuggets, who have dropped five straight at home. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "You hope things slowly come together. You hope you just stay the course and you don't blink. We haven't done anything different. We just try and stay on basic points and stay with our guys and continue to develop them."  
 -- Sixers coach  Brett Brown 
 
 
 THE STAT:  From their big men to their reserves, the 76ers got 3-pointers from just about everywhere. Seven Philadelphia players hit at least one shot from behind the arc 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Despite running into foul trouble early in the second quarter, the Nuggets trailed by only a point after  Darrell Arthur  hit two free throws with 3:40 to go before halftime. The Sixers responded with a 13-2 run to close the half, and the Nuggets never got the lead under seven points the rest of the game. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "It's tough. I'm not going to sit here and lie. It's definitely tough. The good thing about this league is we play 82 games and we have nowhere to go but up from here. I feel like we have reached rock bottom." 
 -- Nuggets center  J.J. Hickson 
 
 
 HOT:  Turner has been up and down of late but has put together two straight strong road games. In wins over the Lakers and Nuggets he is averaging 22.5 points, six rebounds and six assists. 
 
 NOT:  Nuggets guard  Randy Foye  continued to struggle from 3-point range. He went 0-for-6 from behind the arc and is now 4-for-31 over his past nine games. 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Carter-Williams filled up the stat sheet, finishing with 16 points, nine rebounds and six assists in 35 minutes. He continues to find his stride after missing seven games with a skin infection.  
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Brown found some hot hands off the bench, using  James Anderson, Lavoy Allen  and  Tony Wroten  to stretch the Denver defense from the perimeter. The trip combined for 32 points on 13-for-22 shooting. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "We're beginning to show some signs of what Coach is trying to instill in us. Everybody knows exactly what they need to do to go out there and help this team win games."  
 -- Thaddeus Young 
 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Nuggets coach  Brian Shaw  talked about shortening his bench to find more continuity among nine or 10 players. Instead, it went the other direction as he played 12 players in search of an effective combination. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Philadelphia's  Hollis Thompson  played only 17 minutes due to early foul trouble but he made the most of his time, finishing with 11 points and four rebounds.  
 
 NOTABLE:  Nuggets point guard  Andre Miller  was not part of Denver's playing rotation for the first time this season. The DNP-CD snapped his consecutive games streak at 239. It was the first game Miller did not play since serving a one-game suspension on Dec. 7, 2010. ... The 68 first-half points were a season high for Philadelphia. ... Young had his streak of scoring 25 or more halted at four games. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the 76ers, Thursday @ Sacramento, Saturday @ Portland, Monday vs. Minnesota. For the Nuggets, Friday vs. Memphis, Sunday @ L.A. Lakers, Tuesday vs. Boston.  
