Notebook: Heat 113, Bucks 106 
 
 
 Zachary Paul, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Nov 21, 2012 11:24 PM - Updated Wed Nov 21, 2012 11:24 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:  The Miami Heat defeated Milwaukee Bucks 113-106 in overtime Wednesday at AmericanAirlines Arena.  
 Guard  Dwyane Wade  and forward  LeBron James  led the Heat with 28 points each. The Heat avoided blowing an 18-point, first-half lead by closing strong in the extra period. They opened scoring the first six points, and never trailed in overtime.  
 Forward  Chris Bosh  added 24 points and a season-high 18 rebounds. The Bucks had a chance to win in regulation but guard  Monta Ellis  missed a 3-pointer as time expired. Guard  Brandon Jennings  led Milwaukee with 19 points, but it was an off night for one of the league's top backcourts.  
 Ellis finished with just nine points on 4 of 16 shooting. The guards combined to shoot 13 of 41 from the field.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We got off to the 18-point lead and then from there we just kind of relaxed. It was more of a relaxation of the mind and they got back into the game ... But again, it's got to be more about consistency and doing it for longer stretches rather than just spurts." -- Heat coach  Erik Spoelstra  said. 
 
 THE STAT:   James, Wade and Bosh combined for 80 points, 31 rebounds and 13 assists. That usually is the recipe for a Heat victory.   
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Heat broke things open by starting overtime with six straight points, with James, Wade and Bosh each scoring.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "In overtime they turned it up a little bit defensively and we made a couple of ill-advised plays and they built up a lead. They're a good, quality team and with the players on the floor, we just weren't able to come."  -- Bucks coach  Scott Skiles  said.    
 
 HOT:  After missing the past two games, Wade was back to his usual self. He made a point to get off to a strong start. With no more health concerns, he was able to play 38 minutes and never seemed to fatigue.    
 
 NOT:  Jennings and Ellis simply showed up too late. They were never able to overcome their slow shooting start. If they performed up to their ability, especially down the stretch, the Bucks may have been able to steal this one.  
 
 GOOD MOVE:  The Heat made an effort to establish Bosh early. He was the key to freeing up James and Wade. His outside shooting made it tough for the Bucks to focus on any one or two players.   
 
 BAD MOVE:  After a strong start, the Heat faded toward the end of the first half. All that did was provide the Bucks motivation to keep things close. The Heat often talk about opponents always getting up for them, but it makes things tougher when they play inconsistent.   
 
 NOTABLE:  Heat forward  Udonis Haslem  surpassed Alonzo Mourning as the franchise's all-time leading rebounder ... The Heat improved to 5-0 at home for the first time in team history.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Saturday vs. Cavs, Nov. 29 vs. Spurs, Dec. 1 vs. Nets. For the Bucks, Saturday vs. Bulls, Monday @ Bulls, Wednesday vs. Knicks.  
