  Notebook: Clippers 92, Thunder 77 Posted Tuesday April 17, 2012 2:11AM By Dan Arritt, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The Clippers clinched their first playoff berth is six years just before the opening tip Monday night against the visiting Thunder. For the first two quarters, they played like a team just happy to be headed to the postseason. But they came alive in the second half as Oklahoma City lost its feel and its star players disappeared, adding up to a 92-77 victory at Staples Center. QUOTABLE:  "It's going to be fun and exciting, regardless, when it comes to the West. There's so much battling and jockeying for position right now. I think, for us, we just want to keep winning games and see how high we can move up the standings."   -- Clippers point guard  Chris Paul  on qualifying for the postseason THE STAT:  The Clippers finished 3-1 against the Thunder this season, the only team to beat them three times. The Spurs and Rockets defeated Oklahoma City twice, but don't play the Thunder again this season. TURNING POINT:  After shooting 37.2 percent from the floor in the first half, the Clippers went into intermission trailing by nine points. They scored the first six points of the third quarter to pull within reach, and the Thunder did their part by missing their first seven shots. On the first possession of the fourth quarter, the Clippers took their first lead since the first basket of the game, 69-66, on a 3-point basket by  Mo Williams . They never trailed again, outscoring Oklahoma City, 15-8, over the next seven minutes to push their lead to double digits and the rout was on. HOT:  Clippers shooting guard/small forward  Nick Young  had his best game since getting traded to L.A. last month. He scored a team-high 19 points off the bench on 7-for-10 shooting. He scored seven straight for the Clippers late in the third quarter to help them pull even heading into the fourth.  Serge Ibaka  turned out to be a handful for the Clippers, but only in the third quarter. He scored all 12 of his points in the third and grabbed seven of his eight rebounds. Meanwhile, his superstar teammates,  Kevin Durant  and  Russell Westbrook , got shut out. NOT:  Westbrook, a Southern California native, came in shooting 11-for-34 in his last two games against L.A. and his percentage certainly didn't improve, as he shot 4-for-16 and scored just nine points, 15 off his season average. He missed all five shots in the second half while going scoreless, part of the reason the Thunder shot a season-low 37.5 percentage from the floor and scored their fewest points in a game this season. The other major eyesore for the Thunder was their free-throw shooting. They came in No. 1 in the league at 80.3 percent, but shot 18-for-29 from the line (62.1 percent), including 7-for-15 in the second half. That helped add up to a 25-point second half by the Thunder, their lower-scoring half by nine points. GOOD MOVE:  After the Clippers got beat down on the boards by Ibaka in the third quarter, Clippers coach  Vinny Del Negro  made the rare move of inserting rebounding specialist  Reggie Evans  late in the third quarter. Evans went to work, getting a steal and three rebounds in a little more than four minutes. That move seemed to silence Ibaka and shut down Oklahoma City long enough for  Blake Griffin  to check back in and score six points down the stretch, helping put the finishing touches on the Thunder. BAD MOVE:  Ibaka likely had fresh legs in the third quarter because he missed so much floor time in the first half while on the bench with foul trouble. He committed two fouls on Griffin in the first 1:19 of the game and sat for all but 5:19 of the opening half. QUOTABLE II:  "It's easy, we didn't make our shots in the second half. Give them credit. They did a good job of defending. They got hot from the 3-point line and we missed some shots and free throws."   -- Thunder coach  Scott Brooks . NOTABLE:  For the first time since Staples Center opened in 1999, all three of its tenants, the Clippers, Lakers and Kings of the NHL, qualified for the postseason ... Griffin finished with 17 points, 11 rebounds, six assists and tied his career high with four blocked shots ...  Chance Lavitch  of Cheviot Hills banked in a half-court shot during a timeout to win new Jeep Cherokee on his 21st birthday. His family has been season ticket holders with the Clippers since 1987. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Wednesday @ Denver, Thursday @ Phoenix, Sunday vs. New Orleans. For the Thunder, Wednesday @ Phoenix, Friday @ Sacramento, Sunday @ L.A. Lakers.  