  Rockets-Magic notebook   By Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com Posted Monday December 26, 2011 11:25PM THE FACTS: Hedo Turkoglu  and  J.J. Redick  combined for 43 points in Orlando's 104-95 victory over the Houston Rockets in the Magic's home opener. Dwight Howard  contributed 21 points, seven rebounds and three blocks. Kyle Lowry  led the Rockets with 20 points, seven rebounds and 12 assists in the coaching return of the Rockets'  Kevin McHale . QUOTABLE:  "There was more ball movement, more energy, and when that happens it's a little easier to get into a rhythm.. Basically speaking, with offensive players, when you're in a rhythm, you shoot the ball better."  --  Magic guard Redick . THE STAT:  The Magic shot a healthy 53 percent (44-for-83) after shooting 37 percent in their season-opening loss at Oklahoma City on Sunday night. QUOTABLE II:  "That's the NBA, and especially the way this season is. We've got to win on back-to-back nights."  --  Magic guard  Jason Richardson . TURNING POINT:  A jumper by Lowry had cut Orlando's double-digit lead to 66-65 late in the third quarter when Howard rejected a shot by  Luis Scola , igniting an 11-0 Magic run. The Rockets never again got within four. HOT:  Turkoglu and Redick combined for 5-of-6 shooting from three-point range in the fourth quarter. NOT:  The Rockets'  Kevin Martin , a 23.5 points per game scorer last season, shot 1-for-10 and finished with four points. QUOTABLE III:  "I remember four or five wide-open looks, and with K-Mart getting wide-open looks, that's normally a good shot. I don't remember any forced shots."  --  Houston head coach McHale. GOOD MOVE:  The Rockets signed veteran center  Samuel Dalembert  for his shot-blocking ability Monday. When starting center  Jordan Hill  got his second foul just 2:17 into the game, Dalembert was called upon and it took him seven seconds to get his first block. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  The 25-year-old Lowry was only three points away from leading both teams in points, rebounds and assists. ROOKIE WATCH: Marcus Morris , the Rockets' first-round draft pick, missed a couple of 3-point shots in a four-munute, 20-second debut. NOTABLE:  Former Magic player  Courtney Lee  gave Houston a spark with 15 points off the bench . . . Dalembert, who has yet to practice with the Rockets, played almost 20 minutes . . . The Rockets have lost five straight since last defeating the Magic on April 7, 2009, and it will be a while before they get another chance. They will not meet again this season. UP NEXT:  For the Rockets, Thursday vs. San Antonio, Friday @ Memphis, Saturday vs. Atlanta; For the Magic, Thursday vs. New Jersey, Friday @ Charlotte, Sunday vs. Toronto.  