  Notebook: Celtics 89, Nets 70   By Brian Robb, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday January 4, 2012 10:59PM THE FACTS:   Paul Pierce  scored 11 of his 24 points in the third quarter, enabling Boston Celtics to pull away from the shorthanded New Jersey Nets for an 89-70 win. The victory extends Boston's winning streak to four. New Jersey, despite playing without  Deron Williams  (ribs) and  Kris Humphries  (shoulder) managed to hang with Boston during a sloppy first half, leading the contest 35-34 at the break. Boston's offense awoke from its slumber in the third quarter with 29 points, thanks to Pierce and  Brandon Bass  who added 15 points and 13 rebounds off the bench.  MarShon Brooks  led New Jersey in his first career start with 17, but left the game with a sprained left ankle early in the fourth quarter. With this latest setback, the Nets have now lost six straight games. QUOTABLE:  "They really turned up the pressure, clamped us down and smothered us. They're a championship team with a lot of experience."   -- Nets coach  Avery Johnson  on Boston's suffocating defense THE STAT:  After turning the ball over 10 times in the first half, Boston took much better care of the ball over the remainder of the contest, limiting themselves to just three turnovers over the final 24 minutes, as the team erupted for 55 second half points. TURNING POINT:  After a see-saw first half, Boston broke open a one-point midway through the 3rd quarter with a 16-3 run, building a 14-point deficit to end the frame New Jersey was unable to recover from. HOT:  Bass. The offseason trade acquisition sparked Boston in the third quarter, replacing  Jermaine O'Neal  who left the game with foul trouble. Bass helped key the team's run by hitting all four of his shots and grabbing five rebounds over the next 11 minutes. NOT:   Marquis Daniels . The swingman missed all seven of his shots for Boston in a lackluster 14 minutes. Daniels finished with two points. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:   Kevin Garnett . The 16-year NBA veteran posted his first double-double on the young season with 14 points and 12 rebounds. Garnett continues to stuff the stat sheet, averaging 12.8 points and 7,4 rebounds through seven games. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Patriots All-Pro defensive tackle  Vince Wilfork  watched the game courtside. ROOKIE WATCH:  Brooks looked terrific for much of the first half, scoring 15 of his 17 points early on a variety of forceful drives to the basket. His production slowed after the ankle injury, but he finished with an impressive line of 17 points, two rebounds and two steals.  Greg Stemisma  saw limited action off the bench for Boston after making his first career start Monday night. The 26-year-old grabbed five rebounds and had a block over 12 minutes. NOTABLE:   Damion James  left the game with 1:03 remaining in the second quarter due to a sore right foot. He did not return. Williams (ribs) and Humphries (shoulder) hope to return to action later in the week. Brooks underwent x-rays on his ankle after the game in the arena.  Ray Allen  missed the game with flu-like symptoms.  Keyon Dooling  started in his place and scored five points. All 13 Celtics in uniform played at least five minutes. New Jersey only scored 47 points through three quarters. Boston led by as many as 24 points. The Celtics outrebounded the Nets 45-34. Avery Bradley had a season-high 11 points for Boston off the bench. UP NEXT:  For the Nets, Friday @ Toronto, Saturday vs. Miami, Monday vs. Atlanta. For the Celtics, Friday vs. Indiana, Wednesday vs. Dallas, January 13th vs. Chicago.  