  Notebook: Wolves 109, Clippers 97 Posted Wednesday February 29, 2012 2:00AM By Dan Arritt, for NBA.com THE FACTS:   Derrick Williams  and  Michael Beasley  erupted for 27 points each off the bench Tuesday night, leading a fourth-quarter charge by the Timberwolves that resulted in a 109-97 victory at Staples Center. QUOTABLE:  "We were just hitting shots, getting our stops and getting into transition ... We just want to get a lot of points and make a lot of stops."   -- Derrick Williams. THE STAT:  Led by Williams and Beasley, the Minnesota reserves accounted for 72 points, the most bench points by an NBA team this season. By comparison, the Clippers' reserves accounted for 11 points and the Minnesota starters had 37. TURNING POINT:  Williams made a pair of free throws with 8:47 remaining in the game to give the Timberwolves their first lead since scoring the first basket of the game. On the next trip down the floor, Williams was fouled by  Kenyon Martin  as he sank a jump shot from the top of the key and made the free throw for a five-point lead. Williams continued his hot hand, scoring five of the next seven points to extend the lead to eight and the Clippers never got back within six points. HOT:  Williams, a 6-foot-8 rookie forward who played at La Mirada High School in southern L.A. county, nearly doubled his previous season high of 15 points. He finished 9-for-10 from the floor, including 4-for-4 from 3-point range and sank all five free-throw attempts. Beasley was 11-for-15 from the floor. Williams and Beasley each scored 13 points in the deciding fourth quarter and were a combined 8-for-8 from the floor ...  Blake Griffin  scored 30 points for the Clippers, including 24 in the first half, the best half of any player on the Clippers this season. NOT:  Clippers small forward  Caron Butler  made a late basket to avoid his first scoreless game in six years. He finished with two points on 1-for-10 shooting ... For the Timberwolves, power forward  Kevin Love  had an off night after returning from All-Star weekend, scoring 10 points on 4-for-13 shooting. Love also scored a season-low 10 points in his final game before the All-Star break. GOOD MOVE:  It was probably one of the easiest decisions Minnesota coach  Rick Adelman  had to make this season, keeping his starters on the bench for most of the fourth quarter.  Ricky Rubio  and  Wesley Johnson  played a little more than a minute each, and the other three starters stayed on the bench. Considering the Timberwolves were playing the first of three road games in three nights, the extra rest might just come in handy. BAD MOVE:  Clippers center  DeAndre Jordan  had a solid all-around game with 14 points, 14 rebounds and four blocks, but has a bad habit of blindly saving loose balls under his own basket. He made that decision again early in the third quarter and threw the ball behind his back to Love, who scored an easy lay up to cut the Clippers' lead to four. QUOTABLE II:  "It was a disappointing effort all around. I didn't like our intensity from the get-go. They did what I thought they would, they tried to keep it close."   -- Clippers coach  Vinny Del Negro NOTABLE:  The Timberwolves surpassed last season's win total with the victory ... The last time the Clippers hosted the Timberwolves on Jan. 20, they blew a 12-point lead with just under nine minutes remaining and lost on a buzzer-beating 3-pointer by Love ...  Bobby Simmons  made his debut for Clippers after signing a 10-day contract Monday. He played 17 minutes and finished with no points and three rebounds. It was his first NBA action since he played against the Clippers last season as a member of the Spurs ... The Clippers fell to 6-2 when Jordan gets at least four blocks ... Clippers point guard  Chris Paul , who finished with 27 points and six assists, had a fourth-quarter steal to extend his streak of games with at least one steal to 36 games, the longest active streak in the NBA. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Thursday @ Sacramento, Friday @ Phoenix, Sunday @ Houston. For the Timberwolves, Wednesday @ L.A. Lakers, Thursday @ Phoenix, Saturday @ Portland.  