Notebook: Rockets 114, Pistons 97 
 
 
 Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Dec 21, 2013 11:39 PM - Updated Sat Dec 21, 2013 11:39 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  Houston has defeated Detroit in nine of the last 10 meetings, dating back to the 2008-09 season. The Pistons' only victory during that span was a 110-107 overtime triumph on March 7, 2010. 
 
 THE LEAD: Dwight Howard  had a season-high 35 points and grabbed 19 rebounds as the shorthanded Houston Rockets responded from their worst loss of the season with a 114-97 victory over the Detroit Pistons on Saturday night at The Palace. Small forward  Chandler Parsons  scored 15 of his 20 points during the second half for Houston (18-10), which has won six straight over the Pistons. Forward  Josh Smith  scored 19 points to lead the Pistons (13-16), who have lost five of their last six home games. 
 
 THE STAT:  114.4. The Pistons expect to make the playoffs but their defense at home has to pick up for that to happen. They have given up an average of 114.4 points in their last five home losses, which have occurred during the last two weeks.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  Detroit trailed throughout the last three quarters but were within striking distance at halftime. After a Smith dunk pulled the Pistons within 61-55 in the opening seconds of the third, Houston went on a 12-4 run that including five of Parsons' 11 points during the quarter. The Pistons were down by double figures the rest of the way. 
 
 HOT:  Swingman  Francisco Garcia  played an unsung role in the victory. Filling in for Houston's leading scorer  James Harden , who missed the game with a left ankle sprain, Garcia contributed 16 points and two assists. He made four of the Rockets' nine 3-pointers, preventing Detroit's defense from sagging in on Howard. 
 
 NOT:  Detroit point guard  Brandon Jennings  had a frustrating night, shooting just 2-for-11 from the field even though Houston's top two point guards didn't play during the second half. Jennings made 10 assists but his inability to find his shot stalled the attack. Jennings took an early shower, getting tossed by the officials with 2:10 remaining for arguing. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We wanted to put [Friday's loss to the Pacers] as far behind as possible. That's the beauty of the NBA, you get a chance to regroup really quick." 
 -- Chandler Parsons 
 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Detroit's Italian import. forward  Gigi Datome , had one of his best outings this season, scoring nine fourth-quarter points. Starting guard  Kentavious Caldwell-Pope  was limited to two points in 19 minutes.  
 
 NOTABLE:  Rockets starting point guard  Patrick Beverley,  who scored 10 points, fractured his right hand during the second quarter and is out indefinitely. Reserve forward  Greg Smith  also went down early, re-aggravating a knee injury. ... Piston  Chauncey Billups  was inactive. He has not been playing both ends of back-to-backs because of knee tendinitis. ... Houston's  Jeremy Lin  missed his fourth straight game with back spasms. Rocket  Omer Asik , who has a right thigh contusion, did not make the trip. ... The Pistons shot a season-low 8.3 percent (1-for-12) on 3-point tries. ... Pistons forward  Greg Monroe  recorded his 12th double-double with 10 points and 11 rebounds. ... Houston guard  Aaron Brooks  tied a season high with seven assists. ... Rockets forward  Omri Casspi  had a career-high seven assists. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Rockets, Monday vs. Dallas, Wednesday @ San Antonio, Thursday vs. Memphis. For the Pistons, Monday @ Cleveland, Friday @ Orlando, Saturday @ Washington. 
