  Notebook: Kings 113, Lakers 96 Posted Friday April 27, 2012 1:44AM By James Ham, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  With the playoffs right around the corner, the Kings took on a distorted version of the Los Angeles Lakers this evening in Sacramento. With  Kobe Bryant ,  Pau Gasol  and  Andrew Bynum  all taking the night off, the Kings had no problem dispatching the Pacific Division Champions by the score of 113-96. DeMarcus Cousins  took full advantage of the fact that neither Bynum nor Gasol were around to stop him. The second year center out of Kentucky finished with 23 point and 19 rebounds for his 36th double-double of the season.  Tyreke Evans  was equally impressive, scoring 21 points, while  Jason Thompson  kicked in a solid 17-point, 10-rebound performance in the blow out win. Ramon Sessions , the lone Lakers regular to get the start, scored 14 points in the loss. Although he was questionable for the game with a couple of bad fingers,  Devin Ebanks  kicked in 14 points, while  Josh McRoberts  added led the Lakers with 16 points and nine rebounds in the loss. QUOTABLE:  "It's my second season of losing and I'm not trying to get used to this. I didn't want to get use to it last year. It's time to turn things around. I had enough of it. I had enough of it last season. It's time to turn it around."   -- DeMarcus Cousins on another disappointing season for the Kings THE STAT:  For the first time since the 2004-05 season, the Kings won the season series against the Lakers, taking two out of three from the playoff bound Lakers. TURNING POINT:  The turning point in this game came early in the day on Thursday when coach  Mike Brown  decided to sit Bryant, Gasol and Bynum. With  Metta World Peace  sitting out the game on suspension and  Matt Barnes  nursing a sprained right ankle, this wasn't the Lakers, it was a glorified D-League team. QUOTABLE II:  "I feel like if I did go play for the select team, I probably will get a spot. Honestly, but we'll see."   -- DeMarcus Cousins on the possibility of playing for Team USA HOT:  Thompson finished the season strong, scoring 17 points on 7-for-11 shooting and tossed in 10 rebounds as well. The fourth year big man out of Rider showed major improvement this season on both ends of the floor and should be heavily sought after in free agency this summer. NOT:   Steve Blake  was non-existent tonight, finishing with just four points in 23 minutes on 1-for-5 shooting. GOOD MOVE:  Sitting his starters was the right move for coach Brown. There is no reason to risk injury going into the playoffs when your position in the tournament is already set. BAD MOVE:  This win by the Kings took them from a three-way tie for the third position in the draft lottery, to a two-way tie for the fifth position. Depending on a couple of coin flips, this win could cost the Kings a number of draft positions. NOTABLE:  Kobe Bryant needed 38 points Thursday against the Sacramento Kings to win the 2011-12 NBA scoring title. With nothing on the line, the 16-year veteran sat out the game and All-Star  Kevin Durant  came away with the title.  