  Jazz-Timberwolves notebook   By Jim Beilby, for NBA.com Posted Thursday December 23, 2010 12:00AM THE FACTS:  For three quarters, the Minnesota Timberwolves got the best of the Utah Jazz. Minnesota led the Jazz the entire game with the exception of the first two and the last two minutes of the game. But in the end, both teams did what they have done consistently this season. Minnesota made significant mistakes down the stretch and Utah came from behind to win, 112-107. Utah has come back from a 15-point deficit six times this year, including tonight. Deron Williams  scored 25 points to lead the Jazz and  Kevin Love  scored 25 and grabbed 19 rebounds in the losing effort. With one more rebound, Love would have recorded his sixth 20/20 game of the season, a total that would have matched the franchise record held by  Kevin Garnett . QUOTABLE:  "We had to overcome a lot. They played well. They battled and took us out of our rhythm early and we didn't really respond until the fourth quarter."   -- Utah point guard Deron Williams THE STAT:  Entering the fourth quarter trailing by 12 points, Utah scored 41 points in the final 12 minutes, making 70 percent of its shots and getting to the line 17 times. TURNING POINT:  Minnesota led by seven with 3:06 to play in the game. But thanks to aggressiveness by Utah and a flurry of unnecessary fouls by Minnesota, the Jazz erased that deficit in less than 70 seconds. Utah tied the game with a three-point play by Williams, a free throw and a 3-point play by  Paul Millsap . Then after trading baskets for a minute and a half, Utah scored the last seven points of the game, also featuring a pair of three-point plays, one by  Gordon Hayward  and the other by Williams. QUOTABLE II:  "I thought our guys did a good job the vast majority of the ballgame, but obviously what plagues us as a ballclub and continues to hurt us is our composure in late-game situations, making silly fouls, giving teams and-ones. Those type of things are all just learning experiences for our guys."   -- Minnesota coach,  Kurt Rambis NOTABLE:  With tonight's victory,  Jerry Sloan  moved into third place on the career wins list with 1,211. He surpassed  Pat Riley  and sits behind  Don Nelson  (1,335) and  Lenny Wilkens  (1,332). Not surprisingly, Sloan downplayed the achievement. "I'm more proud of the win," he said. "I'm not into numbers and stuff like that. I never have been. I have a great organization to work for that's given me an opportunity to stay here a long time. I'm very thankful for that and the coaches I've had to work with. It's not about me, it's more about what we try to do as a staff." UP NEXT:  For the Wolves, Sunday @ Cleveland, Monday vs. New Orleans, Wednesday vs. Denver. For the Jazz, Monday vs. Portland, Wednesday @ L.A. Clippers, Thursday @ Portland.  