Notebook: Bucks 109, Warriors 102 
 
 
 Rick Braun, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Jan 27, 2013 1:17 AM - Updated Sun Jan 27, 2013 1:17 AM 
 
 THE FACTS: Monta Ellis  scored seven of his 20 points in the final 32.7 seconds, and  Brandon Jennings  scored 18 of his 20 in a big third quarter as the Milwaukee Bucks held off the Golden State Warriors 109-102 Saturday night at the BMO Harris Bradley Center. 
 Ellis drilled a huge 3-pointer with 32.7 seconds left to give the Bucks a 103-98 lead, then added four free throws as Milwaukee (23-19) improved to four games over .500 for the fourth time this season. 
 
 Ersan Ilyasova  added 18 points and 12 rebounds and  Larry Sanders  had 16 points, 11 rebounds and three blocked shots as the Bucks improved to 7-3 under new coach  Jim Boylan . 
 
 Stephen Curry  had 26 points and  Klay Thompson  added 19 for the Warriors (26-17), who lost for the second time in two nights to open up a four-game road trip. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "What can you say? We struggled all night making shots, and that was just huge. He was going to his left, hand in the face ... it's a great shot. It won the game for us." 
 
 -- Bucks forward  Mike Dunleavy  on Ellis' 3-pointer 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Most categories were pretty even, with the exception of the Bucks' 22 offensive rebounds to Golden State's 12. That led to a 27-13 edge for the Bucks in second-chance points. 
 
 TURNING POINT: Jarrett Jack 's third 3-pointer of the fourth quarter pulled the Warriors within 100-98 with 52.9 seconds left, and the Bucks were in jeopardy of blowing a lead for the second straight night. After a timeout, the Bucks ran the clock down before Ellis was left with the ball as the shot clock ran down. He created just enough space to launch a 3-pointer from the left wing and the ball hit the promised land with 32.7 seconds left, his first 3-pointer of the night in five attempts. The Warriors never got closer than five the rest of the way. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "Brandon likes to play, so I knew that he was going to come out and do something. Obviously, he's 0-for-1 in the first half, but he got himself going. He's a competitor. He was trying to move the ball a little bit in the first half, but we need him to score so he came out in the second half and did what we needed him to do for our team." 
 
 -- Bucks coach Jim Boylan on Jennings' 18-point third quarter after a scoreless first half 
 
 
 HOT:  On a night where just about every other key player struggled from the field for both teams, Sanders made 7 of 9 shots, including a big jumper early in the fourth quarter after the Bucks started the period 0-for-6. 
 
 NOT:  Although they combined for 50 points, the Bucks' three-guard combination of Jennings, Ellis and  Beno Udrih  shot just 36.2 percent (17-for-47) from the field. 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Ilyasova struggled to a 3-for-12 first half after scoring 27, 27 and 30 in his previous three games. But he was 4-for-5 in the second half and finished with a solid 18 points and 12 rebounds. In his last four games he's averaging 25.5 points and 12.3 rebounds.  
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  Milwaukee Brewers star  Ryan Braun , in town for his team's winter fan festival, was in the seats, as were teammates  John Axford, Rickie Weeks  and  Jonathon Lucroy . 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  The Warriors scored the first eight points of the fourth quarter to pull within 86-82 when Boylan decided he could wait no longer. He sent Sanders and Ilyasova back in with 9:23 left, and a Sanders jumper ended an 0-for-6 shooting skid. Ilyasova then drilled a 3-pointer and a jumper to push the Bucks' lead to 94-82. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Boylan received his second technical foul since taking over for  Scott Skiles . He was hit up by referee  Tony Brothers  after Sanders did not get a call going to the basket. Sanders, who was ejected a week ago, went to Boylan first, and Boylan then went to Brothers with his complaint and was called for the technical during a timeout. Sanders has been ejected twice this season and Boylan noted he had to help the third-year center out in controlling his emotions. "I just told him a good place to get a burger here in Milwaukee, and he disagreed," Boylan said of his conversation with Brothers. "I said, 'No, it's the best,' and he said, 'No, it's not.' I said, 'Yes it is,' and he said, 'OK, that's a technical on you.' We'll argue about it again later. I'll see him down the road." ... Former Buck  Andrew Bogut  made his first appearance at the Bradley Center since being traded to the Warriors last February. Bogut is not playing but is traveling with the Warriors as he works to come back from ankle surgery. He's only played four games this season. ... With his three blocks, Sanders now has at least one block in 29 straight games, tied for the longest active streak in the league with San Antonio's  Tim Duncan . ...  David Lee 's 12 points and 15 rebounds gave him his 27th double-double this season, tied for most in the league with Memphis'  Zach Randolph . Milwaukee native  Carl Landry  also had a double-double with 13 points and 14 rebounds. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Warriors, Monday @ Toronto, Tuesday @ Cleveland, Thursday vs. Dallas. For the Bucks, Tuesday @ Detroit, Wednesday vs. Chicago, Friday @ New York. 
