  Notebook: Grizzlies 104, Suns 93 Posted Thursday April 12, 2012 12:32AM By Marlon W. Morgan for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Facing a team desperately trying to get into the playoffs, the Memphis Grizzlies finally managed to hold off the hot Phoenix Suns 104-93 Wednesday night at FedExForum. Behind  Rudy Gay 's 32 points and 17 from  Zach Randolph , the Grizzlies halted a Suns team that was 5-1 in April and had moved into the ninth spot in the West. The Grizzlies have won seven of their last eight to hold down the fifth spot. QUOTABLE:  "We did a good job on Rudy. He's a [heck] of a player, guys. I mean if he's shooting channeled jump shots and making them, there's not anything you can do unless you want to put a 7-foot guy on him to try and block it. He's a long guy and I thought  Josh  [ Childress ] did a real good job on him and J.D. ( Jared Dudley ). He took the shots that we wanted him to take. I mean he's capable. There's a reason they're paying the guy the maximum salary. He's a pretty good damn player."    -- Phoenix coach  Alvin Gentry . THE STAT:  It took 57 games for the Grizzlies to get their first 30-point scorer of the season with Gay's 32. He became the first Memphis player to scored 30 in regular season game since Zach Randolph did it March 14, 2011 against the Los Angeles Clippers. It was Gay's first time topping the 30-point mark since Dec. 26, 2010. TURNING POINT:  The Suns second unit quickly wiped out an eight-point deficit heading into the fourth quarter, using a 11-2 run to take an 83-81 lead. The game was tied at 87 with 6:28 to go before the Grizzlies ended the game on a 17-6 run. GOOD MOVE:  In the first half, the Grizzlies were getting destroyed in the paint by the Suns, who scored 42 of their 53 points in the paint and shot 58.5 percent. In the second half, they cut off penetration in the paint and forced the Suns to score from outside. Phoenix scored just 14 points in the paint and shot 36.8 percent. BAD MOVE:  The Grizzlies had what seemed to be a comfortable 80-72 lead going into the fourth quarter. That was before the Suns' second unit of  Sebastian Telfair ,  Michael Redd ,  Markieff Morris , Josh Childress and  Robin Lopez  managed to give their team an 83-81 lead. That unit was down just 89-87 with 6:17 to go when Gentry went back with his starters. Memphis then scored six straight points and the Suns never got closer than four. QUOTABLE II:  "Everybody's fighting for position. Although we're tired, it's fun that everybody's playing for something. This is one of those seasons that from here until the playoffs come, it's like a playoff game."    -- Grizzlies forward Rudy Gay. NOTABLE:  Phoenix guard  Steve Nash  had 11 points and 10 assists to pick up his 27th double-double of the season. Randolph had his streak of three straight double-doubles snapped with 17 points and a game-high nine rebounds. ... With the loss, the Suns fell into 10th place in the Western Conference a half-game behind Utah which defeated Houston. ... The Grizzlies will travel to San Antonio Thursday looking to beat the Spurs for the first time this season in their final regular season meeting. ... The Grizzlies used 16 offensive rebounds to score 20 second chance points, compared to just nine second chance points for Phoenix. UP NEXT:  For the Suns, Friday at Houston, Saturday at San Antonio, Monday vs. Portland. For the Grizzlies, Thursday at San Antonio, Saturday vs. Utah, Sunday at New Orleans.  