  Bulls-Pistons notebook   By Kent McDill, for NBA.com Posted Monday January 10, 2011 11:26PM THE FACTS:  After a horrible first half both offensively and defensively Monday, the host Bulls rallied for their seventh consecutive home win, a 95-82 decision over the Detroit Pistons. The Bulls shot just 32 percent in the first quarter, allowed the Pistons to shoot 50 percent in the first half and trailed 55-43 at halftime. But the Bulls held the Pistons to 27 points in the second half.  Derrick Rose  had 29 points and  Carlos Boozer  had 27 points and 11 rebounds for the winners. THE FACTS II:  The Pistons got 15 points from  Tayshaun Prince  and a big 14 points from backup forward  Austin Daye , who scored all of his points in the second quarter when the Pistons were in control. THE STAT:  Rose scored 11 of the Bulls' final 15 points of the third quarter, then scored the first Bulls' basket of the fourth quarter on a thunderous sky-high dunk off an alley-oop pass from  Ronnie Brewer . QUOTABLE:  "I wanted to put it where he was the only guy who could make a play with it. He is one of the most athletic guys in the league. There is a small margin for error on those plays but I knew if I put it in the vicinity he would go up there and get it."    -- Bulls forward Ronnie Brewer on the pass leading to Rose's dunk. QUOTABLE II:  "It's probably cooler to watch it."    -- Rose, when asked if it is "cooler to do that or watch it" referring to the dunk. THE STAT II:  The Pistons were 11 for 40 (27.5 percent) from the field in the second half. TURNING POINT:  Trailing 70-67 late in the third quarter, the Bulls scored the last nine points of the period, with Rose getting seven of those. HOT:  Boozer was 12-for-17 for 27 points, and with 11 rebounds had his 10th double-double in the last 12 games. NOT:  Prince was 2-for-11 in the second half to finish 6-for-17 for the game. GOOD MOVE:  Although the Bulls are considered one of the deeper teams in the league, Bulls coach  Tom Thibodeau  stayed with his starters for most of the second half. His top seven players played all but 13 minutes of the game, and  Luol Deng , Rose and Brewer played the entire fourth quarter. BAD MOVE:  Meanwhile, Detroit coach  John Kuester  went almost exclusively with his second string in the fourth quarter. NOTABLE:  Starting Friday, the Bulls play four games in five nights, including their first meeting with Miami. Last Saturday, the Bulls completed a four games in five nights stretch. From Jan. 4 to Jan. 18, the Bulls will play 10 games in 15 days. For comparison, the Pistons play six games in that stretch. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, at Charlotte Wednesday, at Indiana Friday, vs. Miami Saturday. For the Pistons, vs. Memphis Wednesday, at Toronto Friday, vs. Sacramento Saturday.  