Notebook: Bulls 96, 76ers 89 
 
 
 Andy Jasner, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Dec 12, 2012 11:19 PM - Updated Wed Dec 12, 2012 11:19 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:   Joakim Noah  scored 21 points,  Luol Deng  contributed 19 points and 12 rebounds and a depleted group of Chicago Bulls managed to defeat the Philadelphia 76ers 96-89 Wednesday night at the Wells Fargo Center.  Marco Belinelli  scored 16 points and  Nate Robinson  had 14 for the Bulls, who improved to 12-9. 
 
 Jrue Holiday  continued his strong play with 26 points for the Sixers.  Evan Turner  scored 16 points,  Thaddeus Young  had 13 while  Nick Young  and  Spencer Hawes  chipped in with 10 points each. The Sixers dropped to 12-10. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "There's still a lot of basketball left to be played, but I thought this was a good win for us." 
 -- Bulls'  Joakim Noah 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Sixers were just 1-for-5 from the free-throw line through the third quarter. They wound up 5-for-11 while the Bulls were 24-for-26. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Trailing 80-79, the Bulls ripped off a 7-0 run for an 86-80 lead with 3:32 remaining. It was enough of a cushion to help them pull away at the end. 
 
 HOT:  Noah was 7-for-10 from the field and 7-for-7 from the free-throw line. 
 
 NOT:  Jason Richardson  missed seven of his nine shots and was just 2-for-6 from beyond the arc for the Sixers. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "The thing for us is we want to continue to improve. The big challenge in the NBA is whatever's in front of you, you have to attack it. Sometimes, the schedule is in your favor. Sometimes, it's not." 
 -- Bulls coach  Tom Thibodeau  on posting a win one night after losing to the Clippers at home. 
 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Deng had 19 points, 12 rebounds, three assists and one steal for a stellar all-around performance. 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  There was a buzzing crowd of 15,738 for this rematch of last year's playoffs, won by the Sixers in six games. Actor  Marlon Wayans  attended the game. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "It's disappointing to say the least. We have to keep growing." 
 -- Sixers coach  Doug Collins   
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Even though Deng and Noah have plenty heavy minutes all season, Thibodeau recognized that this duo had plenty of energy on a back-to-back. Deng played 37:27 and Noah played 44:21. But they were effective right up to the end and propelled the Bulls to a big win on the road. 
 
 BAD MOVE:   Dorell Wright  played only 2:21 for the Sixers. Before the game, Collins talked about fitting Wright more into the offense, especially with his penchant for long-range shooting. It's not easy to find much rhythm when the playing time is that scarce. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Bulls guard  Marquis Teague  had six points, four assists and two rebounds. For the Sixers, forward  Arnett Moultrie  had two points and one rebound while guard  Maalik Wayns  was scoreless in a brief 57-second stint. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Bulls guard  Kirk Hinrich  was out with a left knee injury. He remains day-to-day. Robinson started in his place... Chicago forward  Carlos Boozer  picked up a technical foul late in the second quarter for arguing a non-call. ... Sixers guard  Royal Ivey  (strep throat) and swingman  Damien Wilkins  (right calf strain) each missed the game. ... Deng picked up his third double-double of the season. ... Noah reached the 20-point plateau for the fifth time this season. He had never reached 20 points more than three times in any previous single season. ... The Sixers trailed by three points after the third and fell to 1-10 when tied or trailing after three quarters. ... Holiday has scored at least 25 points in consecutive games for the first time in his career. ... The Sixers are 3-8 when scoring less than 90 points after going 2-18 last season. 
 
 NEXT:  For the Bulls, Saturday vs. Brooklyn, Monday @ Memphis, Tuesday vs. Boston. For the Sixers, Friday @ Indiana, Sunday vs. L.A. Lakers, Tuesday @ Dallas. 
