  Notebook: Pacers 87, Celtics 74   By Brian Robb, for NBA.com Posted Saturday January 7, 2012 12:57AM THE FACTS:   Darren Collison  scored 12 of his 14 points in the second half, helping the Indiana Pacers snap Boston's four-game winning streak with a 87-74 road victory. Offense was at a premium early on in the contest, as the C's tied a franchise record for fewest points in a first half with 25. Boston only trailed by eight at the break however, thanks to their Pacer counterparts posting a mere 33 points themselves. The scoring picked up over the final 24 minutes, but Indiana managed to keep Boston at bay during the second half, thanks to six players finishing in double figures.  Danny Granger  led the balanced attack finishing with 15 points overall.  Ray Allen  had 23 points for Boston in their first home setback of the season. QUOTABLE:  "We have confidence that we can beat any team in any building. This was a game we knew in order to win, we'd have to make it like an Eastern Conference playoff-type battle. Just grind it out, have defensive effort. All of our guys contributed."   -Indiana head coach  Frank Vogel THE STAT:  Boston and Indiana posted as ugly as an offensive first half as you'll see, combining for a mere 58 points. Collectively, the two teams hit just 22 of their 73 field goal attempts (30.1 percent). TURNING POINT:  A pair of steals from Granger and  Roy Hibbert  on consecutive possessions with three minutes remaining in the game shut the door on a late 7-2 Boston run that had cut Indiana's double-digit lead to seven points. Indiana converted both those turnovers into points, putting the game out of reach during the closing moments. QUOTABLE II:  "Both teams set offense back about fifty years tonight. It was awful to watch."   -Head coach  Doc Rivers HOT:  Allen. The shooting guard continues to dazzle NBA fans with his performance from beyond the arc. The all-time three-point field goal leader hit three-of-four tonight, pushing up his season average to an incredible 63.4 percent from downtown through his first seven games. NOT:   Paul Pierce . The C's captain has had just one practice on the young season with his teammates due to a sore right heel and it showed tonight. The C's captain looked out of sync, scoring just 10 points, and missed 14 of his 17 attempts from the field. He also had five turnovers. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Hibbert. The fourth-year center posted his second consecutive double-double, and his fifth overall in just seven games played. The big man finished with 11 points and 12 rebounds, and is averaging career highs in both categories with 13.2 points and 10 boards during the young season. ROOKIE WATCH:  Boston center  Greg Stiemsma  tried to provide the C's with some defensive energy off the bench during the second half with limited success. He was whistled for three quick fouls in his six minutes of action, while grabbing just one rebound. NOTABLE:   Lance Stephenson  did not play due to a sprained right ankle for Indiana. New Celtic free agent signee  Mickael Pietrus  practiced for the first time with his teammates this week. The swingman hopes to debut for Boston sometime next week. Indiana dominated Boston on the glass on both ends of the floor. They outrebounded Boston 47-36, as well as 14-7 on the offensive glass. That margin showed in a number of categories, as Indiana beat Boston handily in points in the paint (42-28) and second chance points (19-5). All 10 Pacer players that entered the game scored at least two points.  Rajon Rondo  was one assist shy of a double-double with 11 points and nine assists. Indiana hosts Boston January 14th at Conseco Fieldhouse. UP NEXT:  For the Pacers, Saturday vs. Charlotte, Monday @ Philadelphia, Wednesday vs. Atlanta. For the Celtics, Wednesday vs. Dallas, Friday vs. Chicago, Saturday @ Indiana.  