Notebook: Heat 108, Magic 94 
 
 
 Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Mon Mar 25, 2013 11:32 PM - Updated Mon Mar 25, 2013 11:32 PM 
 
 THE FACTS :  LeBron James  came up one rebound short of a triple-double and took over the game in the third quarter, leading the Miami Heat to their 27th straight victory with a 108-94 win over the Magic on Monday. 
 James finished with 24 points, nine rebounds and 11 assists for the Heat (56-14), who extended the second-longest winning streak in NBA history behind the Lakers 1971-72 team with 33 consecutive wins. 
 The Magic rallied behind  Jameer Nelson  to tie it, 68-68, late in the third quarter, but James scored or assisted on 10 straight Heat points and they led by double digits throughout the rest of the game. Nelson had a game-high 27 points and 12 assists for the Magic (18-53), who have lost seven straight. 
 
 QUOTABLE : "For us, as a team, we have seen it all. We withstand runs. We know teams are going to make runs, and it's all about how we come out of it." 
 -- LeBron James 
 
 QUOTABLE II : "Our historic run is about winning championships. That is what we want to be known for. We didn't have a goal in mind to say, 'let's go on a long consecutive win streak.'" 
 -- LeBron James 
 
 THE STAT : During the 27-game winning streak, James is averaging 27.0 points, 8.1 rebounds and 8.0 assists. According to the Elias Sports Bureau, no player in NBA history has averaged  25.0 points, 5.0 rebounds and 5.0 assists during a winning streak of at least 15 games. 
 
 QUOTABLE III : "He's so big, he has the ability to survey the floor. When he wants to score, he can score. When he wants to pass, he can do that as well." 
 -- Magic coach  Jacque Vaughn 
 
 
 TURNING POINT : After the Magic pulled even late in the third quarter, James came across the lane for a thundering dunk, then drove for a three-point play after a block by  Chris Anderson . 
 
 HOT : The Heat made 15-for-28 on their 3-points shots, despite getting none from James or  Mike Miller . James had assists on 8 of the 15 3-pointers. 
 
 QUOTABLE IV : "The one part of our offense that was fluid was getting our spacing, and then guys finding the shooters, making one more pass. Our shooters are ignitable; when they make a couple in a row, then the next guy feels like he's hot even if he hasn't shot it." 
 --Heat coach  Erik Spoelstra 
 
 
 NOT :  Beno Udrih  made only 1-for-9 shots for the Magic, missing several makeable jumpers in the first half that could have made the game more interesting.  
 
 GOOD MOVE :  Rashard Lewis  set up in the corner and waited for James to kick out passes, scoring three times from behind the arc in the second quarter. 
 
 BAD MOVE : Magic forward  Maurice Harkless  picked up his third, fourth and fifth fouls in a span of 1:40 late in the third quarter, effectively taking himself out of the game. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH : Five of the nine players who played for the Magic are rookies, including  Andrew Nicholson , who left with a sprained ankle after playing less than two minutes. 
 
 NOTABLE :  Dwyane Wade  sat out a second straight Heat game with a bursa sac bruise above his right knee . . . The Magic played without center  Nikola Vucevic  (concussion) and guard  Arron Afflalo  (hamstring) . . .  Seven of the Heat's last eight wins have come against losing teams. Three of their next four games will be against winning tams. 
 
 UP NEXT : For the Heat, Wednesday @ Chicago, Friday @ New Orleans, Sunday @ San Antonio. For the Magic, Wednesday @ Charlotte, Friday vs. Washington, Saturday @ Atlanta.  
