  Notebook: Pacers 98, Lakers 96   By Dan Arritt, for NBA.com Posted Monday January 23, 2012 1:30AM THE FACTS:  Once the Pacers began hitting their 3-pointers with regularity and stepping to the free-throw line at the same rate as the Lakers, they were able to focus on their other strength, tough defense, coming from 13 points down at the end of the first quarter to win, 98-96, at Staples Center. QUOTABLE:  "We didn't win the free-throw battle like we want to win, but sometimes you're not going to get the calls on the road and we expect that, and our guys gutted it out for a big win for us."  --  Pacers coach  Frank Vogel . THE STAT:  After missing their first four 3-point attempts, the Pacers converted nine of their next 10 to erase the early deficit. The Pacers, who came in as the league's fifth-best 3-point shooting team at 38.2 percent, shot 10-for-18 from beyond the arc. The Lakers, meanwhile, entered as the league's worst 3-point shooting team at 25.7 percent. They shot 2-for-9 from past the stripe, including a critical wide-open miss by  Matt Barnes  with 47.3 seconds remaining and the Lakers trailing by a point. TURNING POINT:  The lead changed hands 14 times in the second half before the Pacers grabbed it for good on a tear-drop runner from point guard  Darren Collison  with 1:15 remaining. Barnes then missed his 3-point attempt on the other end, Lakers point guard  Derek Fisher  stole the ball back but air-balled a runner of his own. After Collison made two free throws to stretch the lead to three,  Kobe Bryant  missed a potential tying 3-pointer with 9.9 seconds left. Bryant scored 33 points on 30 field-goal attempts. HOT:  The night couldn't have started much worse for Indiana and 7-foot-2 center  Roy Hibbert.  He committed his second foul with 6:46 remaining in the first quarter and suffered a broken nose in the process. He was announced as questionable to return, leaving the Pacers to guard 7-foot centers  Andrew Bynum  and  Pau Gasol  with 6-9 forward  David West  and 6-8 forward  Tyler Hansbrough . However, Hibbert returned to the floor with 5:12 left in the first half, sporting blood-stained tissue in his nostrils. He put the Pacers on his shoulders in the second half, scoring 16 of his team-high 18 points on 8-for-9 shooting. NOT:  Gasol had a significant height advantage for most of the game as Hibbert elected to guard Bynum on most possessions while they were on the floor. Still, he managed just eight points on 4-for-12 shooting. He missed a wide-open 13-footer with 1:25 remaining and the Lakers leading by one. The Lakers missed four straight baskets in the final 85 seconds before Gasol scored on a meaningless layup at the buzzer. GOOD MOVE:  The Lakers took 16 free throws before Indiana took its first with 9:14 remaining in the first half. The Pacers didn't complain, however, they just kept on working and the fouls began to even out. By the end of the game, the Lakers had shot 22-for-33 from the line. The Pacers were 16-for-19. BAD MOVE:  The Lakers seemed to have plenty of indecision down the stretch, as Bryant elected to pass off to both Barnes and Fisher, but they failed to come through with big baskets. Bryant finally took matters into his owns hands, but by then Lakers needed a 3-pointer and his long-range shot in the closing seconds banked wildly off the backboard. QUOTABLE II:  "It's a good win for us and we've come a long way. We feel like we're one of the elite teams in the league."  --  Vogel. NOTABLE:  The Lakers failed to reach 100 points for 11th straight game, their longest such streak since the 2003-04 season ... Lakers small forward  Devin Ebanks  played eight minutes in the first half, his first playing time since Jan. 13 ...  Kareem Rush , who played parts of eight season in the NBA, including his first three with the Lakers from 2002-05, sang the national anthem. UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Wednesday vs. L.A. Clippers, Saturday @ Milwaukee, Sunday @ Minnesota. For the Pacers, Tuesday vs. Orlando, Wednesday @ Chicago, Friday @ Boston.  