  Jazz-Warriors notebook   By Geoff Lepper, for NBA.com Posted Monday January 31, 2011 2:54AM THE FACTS:  On a night where  Monta Ellis  was held to his lowest point total in almost two years,  Stephen Curry  stepped in with 27 points, seven assists and six rebounds Sunday and the Golden State Warriors beat a Utah Jazz team that sorely missed injured All-Star point guard  Deron Williams , 96-81.  Andris Biedrins  had his second double-double in as many games with 11 points and 10 rebounds and  Reggie Williams  scored 15 points in 17 minutes off the bench for the Warriors, who rebounded after blowing a 16-point lead in a 121-113 loss to Charlotte on Friday.  Al Jefferson  led Utah with 16 points, but shot 6-for-18 while doing it, emblematic of the Jazz's struggles from the floor. QUOTABLE:  "I guess that answers your question about lingering (feelings) from the last game. I know the pulse of this team. I know these guys, how they perform and try to bounce back as much as they can."    -- Warriors coach  Keith Smart THE STAT:  37.2 percent. Utah's shooting percentage was the team's second-worst this season, lowlighted by Jefferson and  C.J. Miles  (2-for-11). With Williams out, the Jazz were depending on their remaining point guards --  Earl Watson  and  Ronnie Price  -- to play an up-tempo style, but Utah could only manage 15 fast-break points. TURNING POINT:  With two double-doubles in three days -- after having just one in his first 36 appearances this season -- Biedrins is making Smart's continued loyalty pay off. Sunday, in addition to 5-for-7 shooting and three blocks, he helped hound the Jazz's big-man tandem of Jefferson and  Paul Millsap  into a combined 11-for-31 night. With those two stars misfiring, Utah didn't lead in the final three quarters. These are Biedrins' first back-to-back double-doubles since Jan. 5-7, 2009. QUOTABLE II:  "I want him to understand that I'm behind him. I didn't go to Latvia (to work with Biedrins and the national team) for three weeks to waste that. I'm committed to get him up. I've got a staff that works with him, but it's also important that I get into his head and work with him one-one."    -- Smart on Biedrins HOT: Reggie Williams  was simply unconscious, drilling fadeaway jumpers at will in going 6-for-6 from the field, including a trio of 3-point shots. NOT:  It's a good thing Reggie Williams came up with that night, because Ellis was held to just two points on 1-for-9 shooting. Ellis, the NBA's fourth-leading scorer, was skunked during 19:33 on the floor in the first half, the first time in 343 career games he'd gone that long in a single half without scoring. His previous longest scoreless stretch in one half was 13:08, coming March 24, 2006. BAD MOVE:  With Deron Williams sidelined by a strained tendon in his right wrist, Utah coach  Jerry Sloan  didn't have much choice but to play Price as his backup point guard. But the Warriors didn't give any quarter for injury, and Curry turned Price into so much screen-roll fodder, especially in the second half, when Price was paired with the plodding  Kyrylo Fesenko . Price finished the night minus-15 in just 16 minutes of play. ROOKIE WATCH:  Warriors big man  Ekpe Udoh  garnered his most playing time (21:18) in more than a month, and provided a live body in the paint, if not always under control. Udoh had five rebounds and four points, but also committed five fouls. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Warriors color analyst  Jim Barnett  was on crutches after injuring his right knee on Saturday. Surgery is possible for the former 11-year NBA veteran, who has worked the Warriors' broadcasts since 1985. NOTABLE:  Warriors forward  Lou Amundson  set a season-high with four blocks. ... Millsap matched his season high with six assists. ... With the firing of Indiana coach  Jim O'Brien , Utah's  Jerry Sloan  has outlasted another competitor. Since Sloan took over the Jazz on Dec. 9, 1988, 245 coaches have been fired by other NBA teams. Every club has made at least three coaching changes in that time. UP NEXT:  For the Jazz, Monday vs. Charlotte, Wednesday vs. Houston, Friday at Denver. For the Warriors, Thursday vs. Milwaukee, Saturday vs. Chicago, Monday vs. Phoenix  