  Notebook: Heat 116, Hawks 109   By Matt Winkeljohn, for NBA.com Posted Friday January 6, 2012 1:28AM THE FACTS:   LeBron James  and  Dwyane Wade  did not play because of injuries, but one-third of the Big Three was enough for the Miami Heat to avenge their only loss of the season Thursday night.  Chris Bosh  hit a 3-pointer with 0.6 seconds left to force overtime, and the Heat went on to gut out a 116-109 triple-overtime win over the host Atlanta Hawks. Bosh had game highs of 33 points and 14 rebounds, and he had plenty of help as the Heat paid back the Hawks for having beaten them 100-92 Monday in Miami. In the Heat's first-ever triple overtime win,  Mario Chalmers  added 29 points, eight assists and seven rebounds, and 22 of his points came after the third quarter.  Udonis Haslem  had 14 points and 11 rebounds, and rookie guard  Terrel Harris  pitched in nine points and 14 rebounds off the bench. Joe Johnson  led the Hawks with 20 points and  Josh Smith  added 17 points and 13 points, but Atlanta's starters struggled much of the night in the Hawks' second straight loss.. Rookie forward  Ivan Johnson  scored 13 for the Hawks, who made just 15-for-27 free throws after halftime and did not attempt a free throw in the three overtimes, where Miami made 6-for-8. In the final period, Atlanta became just the 10th team in NBA history to go scoreless in overtime. QUOTABLE:  "I just told the guys that when you put on the Miami Heat uniform, we think that it represents a lot of things, and one of those -- near the top -- is toughness and character. That game, and the way it went down at the end, was an exercise in absolute endurance and toughness, mental and physical toughness. "It was a gutty team win with a capital t, a capital e, a capital a, and a capital m. This game was not defined at all by the box score or the numbers, or any of the tangible things. It was defined by all the intangible, "X factor," areas. It looked like a heavyweight fight at the end."   -- Miami coach  Erik Spoelstra . THE STATS:  Two things jump out: the Hawks' second-half failures at the free-throw line (15-for-27), and the difference in the paint. Atlanta missed four of 4-for-8 free throws in the final 3:22 of regulation after making just 14-for-25 in Tuesday's 76-74 loss in Chicago (including three misses in the waning seconds). Also, even without Wade and James around to bull their way to the basket, the Heat out-scored the Hawks 58-36 in the lane. The Hawks made just 18-for-39 in the paint (46.2 percent), and the Heat made 29-for-45 (64.4 percent). TURNING POINT I:  To tie the game at the end of regulation, Bosh went toward Chalmers as if to set a screen at the top of the arc and defender  Marvin Williams  followed him and began to help trap Chalmers. When Bosh reversed direction to his right before even arriving for the screen, Williams was slow to recover, Chalmers reversed the ball and Bosh nailed the 26-footer. QUOTABLE II:  "It was a lucky shot. I saw Rio and he had a big guy on them. I just wanted to slip the screen, maybe confuse them a little bit, and get myself to pop back behind the 3. I knew it was good as soon as I let it go."   -- Chris Bosh, on the 3-pointer that forced the first overtime. TURNING POINT II:  The Hawks turned the ball over on two of their first three possessions in the third overtime. The first time, Marvin Williams (seven points on 2-for-10 shooting) stepped out of bounds, and a minute or so later Ivan Johnson was called for charging (to foul out). In between those possessions, Josh Smith missed an 18-foot jumper. The Hawks missed all seven shots in the third overtime, including two three-point tries by Joe Johnson and one by Smith. Joe Johnson also missed a reverse lay-up, and Williams missed an attempted put-back dunk. QUOTABLE III:  "It's a tough loss because it was a fool's gold-type of game. They don't have Wade, they don't have LeBron . . . we can't take the guys that they have lightly. We beat ourselves. Give credit to those guys; take nothing away from them, but I thought we just didn't play with the sense of urgency that they did."   -- Hawks reserve guard  Willie Green . HOT:  Green got it going in the second quarter when he scored all 14 of his points when he made all five of his shots, including a pair of treys, and two free throws. He averaged 3.8 points in Atlanta's first six games. NOT:  Atlanta sharpshooter  Vladimir Radmanovic  remains dull. He entered the game having missed 13-for-14 3-pointers in his previous three games. After missing his first three Thursday and did not play in the second half or any of the overtimes. . . . Joe Johnson made 7-for-20 shots, and in the Hawks' past two games he's made just 10-for-37 (27 percent). . . . Hawks point guard  Jeff Teague  played sparingly in overtime, and finished the game having made just one of his 12 shots. . . . Atlanta backup center  Zaza Pachulia  has gone scoreless in consecutive games. GOOD MOVE:  Spoelstra's decision to give heavy minutes to Harris (43:43) paid off in many ways. Undrafted out of Oklahoma State his length and quickness helped harass Teague much of the night, and the 6-foot-5 leaper's ability to contribute on the boards (14) was huge. He added four assists with just two turnovers. IN THE ARENA:  The NFL's Atlanta Falcons were well represented Thursday, as wide receivers  Roddy Jones  and  Julio Jones  were joined by defensive backs  Thomas DeCoud  and  Brent Grimes  in the crowd. Former world heavyweight boxing champion  Evander Holyfield , comedian  Steve Harvey , and Atlanta mayor  Kasim Reed  were also in Philips Arena. ROOKIE WATCH:  Miami guards  Norris Cole  and Harris made impressions, neither for the first time. Cole had nine points and five assists in the first half. . . . Atlanta's Ivan Johnson is far from a typical rookie. He's 27 and after playing at a couple junior colleges and then in China, South Korea and Puerto Rico, he starred in the D-League last season. Although he averaged nearly 23 points a game for Erie, he played just six minutes in the Hawks' first six games with two points and one rebound. He entered the game when Atlanta center  Al Horford  picked up his fourth foul with 4:35 left in the third quarter, and the Hawks trailing 68-58. He had four points, a steal and a rebound as Atlanta went on a 12-0 run to close the quarter, and added five points in the fourth quarter. The burly, 6-8, 255-pound "rookie," whom some teammates call, "Gangsta," has a decent jumper and isn't afraid the put the ball on the floor and drive. He gets a little out of control at times, as three of his six fouls were offensive, but he's a high-energy player. NOTABLE:  Between Wade, who missed his second straight game with a bruised left foot, and James, who sprained his left ankle Wednesday night at Indiana, Wade is least likely to play Saturday in New Jersey. UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Saturday @ Nets, Tuesday @ Golden State, Wednesday @ Clippers. For the Hawks, Friday @ Bobcats, Saturday vs. Hawks, Monday @ Nets.  