Notebook: Rockets 126, Trail Blazers 113 
 
 
 Matt Miller, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Mon Jan 20, 2014 11:57 PM - Updated Mon Jan 20, 2014 11:57 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The winner of 12 of the last 14 meetings between the Houston Rockets and Portland Trail Blazers has scored at least 100 points.  
 
 THE LEAD: Chandler Parsons  poured in a season-high 31 points to go with 10 rebounds and seven assists, and  Dwight Howard  added 24 points and 12 boards as the Rockets rolled to a 126-113 victory over the Blazers on Monday at Toyota Center.  James Harden  finished with 22 points, six rebounds and five assists for Houston (28-15), which has won five of its last six games overall and four of five at home. 
 
 LaMarcus Aldridge  scored 27 points and grabbed 20 boards to pace Portland (31-10), which saw its five-game winning streak come to an end while squandering a chance to become the first NBA team to sweep the infamous Texas Triangle since the Boston Celtics in 2008.  
 
 THE STAT:  The Rockets were certainly excited to have  Patrick Beverley  back in their starting lineup. The 6-foot-1 point guard, who played for the first time since he fractured his right hand in a Dec. 21 win at Detroit, finished with a plus/minus rating of plus-25 in 28-plus minutes of action. 
 
 QUOTABLE : "Patrick gave us a huge lift. I thought his defense was tremendous. ... Patrick just brings a little bit of swagger. ... He has no agenda when he plays besides play hard." --  Houston coach  Kevin McHale 
 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Rockets scored on their first 11 possessions and made 11 of their first 12 field-goal attempts as they raced out to a 25-11 lead and never looked back. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "When they scored 18 points in four minutes, that kind of set the tone for the game. ... They did what they do very well tonight." --  Blazers coach  Terry Stotts 
 
 
 HOT:  The Rockets scored more than 70 points in the first half for the second time in three games, posting an eye-popping effective field-goal percentage of 78.6 against the struggling Portland defense. That number was nearly identical to Houston's 3-point shooting percentage in the opening 24 minutes -- 76.9 percent (10-for-13).  
 
 NOT : The Blazers' most lethal perimeter shooters --  Nicolas Batum, Damian Lillard  and  Wesley Matthews  -- shot a combined 6-for-20 (30.0 percent) from behind the arc. They trio also combined to commit seven of Portland's 11 turnovers, with Lillard accounting for four. 
 
 GOOD MOVE : The Rockets watched a large lead dwindle in the second half after an impressive first-half performance for the second time in the last three games, but their body language and commitment to ball movement during the rough patches were much improved from Thursday's late-game collapse against Oklahoma City.   
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "I feel like we've been in that situation so many times that eventually we're going to start playing better ... and be more comfortable in those situations. I thought we handled it a lot better tonight than we have in the past, but we just can't change. We have to stick with what works." --  Parsons 
 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Stotts put reserve big man  Joel Freeland  on Howard for a four-minute span between the closing minutes of the first quarter and the beginning of the second, and help defenders did not arrive quickly enough on multiple occasions. The defensive breakdowns led Freeland to foul trouble, as the second-year player picked up three during this brief stretch.  
 
 NOTABLE:  Batum underwent X-rays on his broken middle finger after accidentally breaking the splint he was wearing during the second half. No further damage was done. The 6-foot-8 forward said he will not be available for Wednesday's matchup with Oklahoma City unless he is able to acquire a new splint. ... Houston's  Terrence Jones  missed Monday's game due to a deep left thigh bruise, opening a spot in the starting five for  Donatas Motiejunas . Motiejunas snatched a season-best nine rebounds in less than 22 minutes. ... Rockets reserves  Greg Smith  and  Francisco Garcia  sat out with respective knee injuries, and neither player is expected to be available for Wednesday's matchup with Sacramento. ... The Rockets have taken 15 of their last 18 tilts with the Blazers in Houston. ... Houston improved to 12-0 at home this season when it scores at least 107 points. ... The Rockets, who connected on 16 of 33 3-point attempts, are now 21-4 when they bury more treys than their counterparts. ... Portland had outscored its previous two opponents on the fast break by a total of 47-15, but the Rockets finished with an 18-11 edge on the break. ... Despite the loss, the Blazers have matched the franchise's third-best record at the midway point of the regular season. The 1999-2000 squad also went 31-10 over the season's first 41 games. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Blazers: Tuesday @ Oklahoma City, Thursday vs. Denver, Saturday vs. Minnesota. For the Rockets: Wednesday vs. Sacramento, Friday vs. Memphis, Saturday @ Memphis. 
