Notebook: Warriors 108, Cavs 104 OT 
 
 
 Brian Dulik, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Dec 29, 2013 10:56 PM - Updated Sun Dec 29, 2013 10:56 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  Golden State kicked off its seven-game road trip by winning its season-high fifth straight game. 
 
 THE LEAD:  Point guard  Stephen Curry  collected 29 points, nine rebounds, and 11 assists as the Golden State Warriors edged the Cleveland Cavaliers 108-104 in overtime Sunday. Warriors power forward  David Lee  scored all 19 of his points in the second half, while power forward  Draymond Green  added five points, a career-high 12 rebounds, and four blocked shots for Golden State (19-13). All-Star point guard  Kyrie Irving  led the Cavaliers (10-20) with 27 points and nine assists, while power forward  Tristan Thompson  had 17 points and 12 boards.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "When Cleveland gets in a good rhythm like they did early on, Kyrie Irving can beat you by himself. Somehow, though, we were able to get this win. This was a big-time victory to start off this long trip." 
 -- Warriors power forward  David Lee 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Warriors earned their first OT victory of the season by outscoring the Cavaliers 9-5 in the extra period at Quicken Loans Arena. It was the opener of Golden State's season-long seven-game, 11-day East Coast road trip. "Our act travels well," Warriors coach  Mark Jackson  said. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  After the Cavaliers took a 104-102 lead with 2:56 left in OT, Golden State scored the final six points of the game. Small forward  Harrison Barnes  tied it at 104-104 on a bank shot with 1:55 remaining, while Green gave the Warriors the lead for good by powering home a dunk at the one-minute mark. Curry subsequently put the win on ice by pulling up for a 23-footer with 14 seconds left. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "It's always negative when you come out with a loss, but there are a lot of positives from this game. I feel like we competed most of the way. That's what we need every single night, consistent effort on both ends of the floor. 
 -- Cavaliers point guard Kyrie Irving 
 
 
 HOT:  Warriors small forward  Andre Iguodala  joined Curry in making a run at a triple-double with eight points, seven boards, and 10 assists. Golden State center Andrew Bogut and Lee combined to shoot 14-for-20 from the field.  
 
 NOT:  The Cavaliers have lost their last two home games in overtime, falling to Atlanta 127-125 in double-OT on Dec. 26. Cleveland is 0-6 against the Warriors since  LeBron James  departed in July 2010.  
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "Getting down by 17 wasn't ideal, but the games that you're supposed to win, you have to win. It wasn't quite in the fashion that we wanted to do it, but it was key that we came in here and got the win. 
 -- Warriors power forward Draymond Green 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  The Cavaliers scrapped their scheduled souvenir giveaway and program cover for the game, both of which featured exiled center  Andrew Bynum . The 7-footer was excused indefinitely from all team activities on Saturday, but general manager  Chris Grant  was only permitted to suspend him for one game under terms of the NBA's collective bargaining agreement. Bynum is certain to be traded or released before his $12 million contract becomes guaranteed on Jan. 7. ...The Warriors only had 10 players in uniform as shooting guard  Toney Douglas  (food poisoning) was a late scratch. Also out were centers  Jermaine O'Neal  (right wrist surgery) and  Festus Ezeli  (right knee surgery), while rookie center  Ognjen Kuzmic  (right hand surgery) and rookie point guard  Nemanja Nedovic  are on NBA D-League assignments with the Santa Cruz Warriors. ... Inactive for the Cavaliers were Bynum and rookie small forward  Sergei Karasev , who is on an NBA D-League assignment with the Canton Charge. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Warriors, Tuesday @ Orlando, Thursday @ Miami, Friday @ Atlanta. For the Cavaliers, Tuesday @ Indiana, Thursday vs. Orlando, Friday @ Brooklyn. 
