  Notebook: Knicks 106, Raptors 87 Posted Tuesday March 20, 2012 10:38PM By Adam Zagoria, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  A bit of Linsanity returned to Madison Square Garden as  Jeremy Lin  notched a double-double with 18 points and 10 assists and four other Knicks scored in double-figures as New York beat the Toronto Raptors, 106-87, to move to 4-0 during the  Mike Woodson  Era. While still adjusting to Woodson's offense, Lin was smooth and under control and his teammates benefitted. Amar'e Stoudemire  added 22 points and 12 rebounds and  Carmelo Anthony  and  Tyson Chandler  scored 17 points apiece. Anthony (eight) had twice as many rebounds as Chandler (four).  J.R. Smith  tallied 11 points off the bench. DeMar DeRozan  led Toronto with 17 points and  Andrea Bargnani  added 15. QUOTABLE:  "He's a point guard that's still in that learning mode and trying to be a great point guard. He's a good point guard. In time I think he's going to be a really good point guard in this league."    -- Woodson on Lin THE STAT:  For the third time in the four-game Woodson Era, the Knicks held an opponent to 88 points or fewer. In the other game, the Knicks still managed to win, beating the Indiana Pacers, 115-100. The Knicks also out-rebounded the Raptors, 46-30. TURNING POINT:  The Knicks took command in the first half, 53-44, with nine players scoring and Lin dishing six assists against no turnovers. QUOTABLE II:  "Guys are being so unselfish that it really looks good from an offensive standpoint because the ball is moving and screens are being set offensively and guys are making shots and that's the beauty of playing offense."    -- Woodson WHO'S HOT:  In his last three games, Lin has averaged 16.7 points and seven assists. In his first game of the Woodson Era, Lin struggled with just six points and six assists. WHO'S NOT:  Playing for the injured  Baron Davis, Mike Bibby  managed just one point, one rebound and zero assists backing up Lin.     QUOTABLE III:  "I think we are playing at a different, very high level. Guys are committed on every possession and taking every possession seriously. We want to try to take that game tomorrow [at Philadelphia]."    -- Anthony  NOTABLE:  Before the game, Woodson said he expects both Anthony and Stoudemire to continue to play harder going forward. "He's gotta bring the energy now," Woodson said of Anthony. "I'm the head coach and I can't speak for what happened, and I was a part of it. But he's gotta play harder and Amare's gotta play harder. Everybody's gotta play harder to get us where we need to go, and that's the only way it's going to happen. We can't have lackluster performances out of anyone who steps out on the floor. It's my job just to continue to push and I'm going to do that." Asked why Anthony might not have played as hard as possible under D'Antoni, with whom he clashed, Woodson said: "I can't explain that. I can't. I wish I could. We probably wouldn't be sitting in this position that we're sitting in today, fighting for a playoff spot. That's my job to get the best out of everyone." NOTABLE II:  Toronto center  Aaron Gray  was ejected midway through the third period after kicking the basketball and then arguing with the refs. He received two technicals and was given an early shower. INSIDE THE ARENA:  R&B singer  Ciara  and boxer  Gerry Cooney  sat courtside. UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Wednesday @ Philadelphia, Friday @ Toronto, Saturday vs. Detroit. For the Raptors, Wednesday vs. Chicago, Friday vs. New York, Saturday @ Chicago.  