  Notebook: Bulls 100, Pistons 94 Posted Sunday April 15, 2012 10:20PM By Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Guard  Derrick Rose  had 24 points and center  Joakim Noah  supplied 20 points and 17 rebounds as the Chicago Bulls escaped with a 100-94 victory over the Detroit Pistons at The Palace Sunday night. Rose, who scored just one basket against Miami Thursday, made a 3-pointer with 6.4 seconds remaining in regulation to force overtime. Chicago remained 3 1/2 games ahead of Miami for the Eastern Conference's top spot. Guard  Rodney Stuckey  led the Pistons with 32 points. QUOTABLE:  "We're finding ways to win. I don't know how but we're finding ways. We have a good team where I'm trying to catch up with my teammates, trying to play as hard as them, trying to get my rhythm back and they allow me to. They give me the ball in situations that I was in before the injury and I'm just trying to learn my way through it."   -- Rose, who has been battling a right ankle injury, on the comeback victory THE STAT:  15. The Bulls have defeated their Central Division rival 15 consecutive times, though this was the toughest to get. Chicago completed its third straight four-game sweep of the Pistons in the process. The Pistons haven't beaten them since Dec. 23, 2008, when they pulled out a 104-98 win at The Palace behind a 40-point performance from Stuckey. The Bulls won the first three meetings this season by an average margin of 17.3 points while holding Detroit to 74.0 points per game. It's still not the Pistons' longest losing streak to the Bulls -- they dropped 19 straight to Chicago during the mid-1990s. TURNING POINT:  Stuckey carried the Pistons offense but missed three crucial free throws in the final 1:48 of regulation, including one with 14.2 seconds left that led to Rose's transition 3-pointer to tie the game. If Stuckey had made the final free throw, it would have virtually clinched a Detroit victory since the Bulls were out of timeouts. Noah's screen allowed Rose to gain separation and prevented the Pistons from fouling before the shot went up. Stuckey then missed a 16-foot jumper with one second left in regulation. QUOTABLE II:  "Derrick hit a huge shot at the end of the game and it gave us new life. It was a big win for us. In overtime, we just felt like it was our game."   -- Noah on the Bulls' 46th win this season HOT:  Noah was the most effective frontcourt player on the floor. He had four points, four rebounds and two assists in overtime while racking up his 21st double-double this season. His strong post defense also limited Pistons center  Greg Monroe  to 13 points and no assists. NOT:  Pistons forward  Tayshaun Prince  contributed just four points on 2-for-8 shooting and also made three turnovers. He has failed to reach double figures in four of the last five games and has made just six of his last 29 field-goal attempts. GOOD MOVE:  Chicago coach  Tom Thibodeau  went with  Kyle Korver  instead of starter  Richard Hamilton  at shooting guard during the overtime session. Korver popped free for a 3-pointer with 1:25 remaining, giving the Bulls a four-point advantage. He also made two free throws with 20.2 seconds left in OT. BAD MOVE:  Pistons coach  Lawrence Frank  gave ex-Bull  Ben Gordon  12-plus minutes of playing time in the fourth quarter and overtime but Gordon was quiet offensively, scoring just two points while making two turnovers. ROOKIE WATCH:  Pistons point guard  Brandon Knight  had some good and bad moments against Rose. He had 13 points, seven assists and five rebounds but also committed seven turnovers. NOTABLE:  Detroit forward  Charlie Villanueva  was assessed a flagrant foul after a hard foul against Rose on a fast break with 4:31 remaining. The two also exchanged words and Villanueva received a technical. Chicago wound up scoring four points on the possession. "I was mad," Rose said. "I'm sick and tired of people trying to take cheap shots at me. You've got to say something." ... Hamilton had 13 points in his second game at The Palace since Detroit bought out his contract prior to the season. ...Bulls forward  Luol Deng  had just two points in 45 minutes. He's playing with a torn ligament in his left wrist. ... Stuckey, who scored 29 points combined in his previous four games, has reached the 30-point mark four times this season. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Monday vs. Washington, Wednesday @ Charlotte, Thursday @ Miami. For the Pistons, Tuesday vs. Cleveland, Wednesday @ Atlanta, Thursday vs. Minnesota.  