  Notebook: Warriors 97, Wolves 94 Posted Thursday April 5, 2012 12:19AM By Phil Miller, for NBA.com THE FACTS:   David Lee  and  Kevin Love  dueled each other for three quarters, but rookie guard  Charles Jenkins  made the big plays at the finish, scoring seven of Golden State's final nine points to help the Warriors snap a six-game losing streak with a 97-94 victory over the Timberwolves in Minneapolis. Lee scored 31 points and Love 29, but Jenkins, who finish with 19 points and seven assists, drove into the lane with 20 seconds remaining and made a difficult layup in heavy traffic to break a 94-94 tie and hand Minnesota its fourth consecutive loss. The Warriors fell behind by 20 points late in the second quarter, but went on a 14-minute scoring binge, outscoring the Wolves 48-22 to pull in front.  Wayne Ellington  scored 17 points off the bench and  J.J. Barea  had 15 points and eight assists in his first start as a Timberwolf. But Barea missed a 20-foot shot that would have tied the score with eight seconds left, and Love missed a 3-pointer at the buzzer. QUOTABLE:  "When they made their run, I told him, 'Northeastern guys never manage to run away. [Hofstra players] always come back fighting.' "    -- Charles Jenkins, Warriors' rookie guard and Hofstra grad, bringing some Colonial Athletic Association rivalry to his matchup with Northeastern grad J.J. Barea THE STAT:  22 -- Points in the paint by the Warriors in the third quarter alone, a reflection of the collapse of Minnesota's interior defense. Golden State scored 38 points altogether in the period, the most Minnesota has allowed in one quarter all season, and outscored the Wolves 38-20. TURNING POINT:  Golden State trailed by 20 points with less than two minutes to play in the first half, and considering their place in the standings, could have given up. But after taking a 20-second time out, Golden State hit its next four shots, one of them a 3-pointer and one a three-point play, while forcing two Minnesota turnovers and two missed shots. The result was a 10-2 run that cut the halftime deficit to 12 and, several Warriors said afterward, gave them confidence they could rally. They did, opening the third period with a 20-7 blitz that gave them the lead. QUOTABLE II:  "I can feel it, on my body, in my legs, especially on my shot. They're not under me right now."    -- Wolves forward Kevin Love, on the toll that the condensed schedule is taking HOT:  David Lee and Kevin Love -- for the first three quarters. The power forwards, two of the five NBA players to average more than 19 points and nine rebounds this season, battled head-to-head for much of the game, and finished with extraordinary numbers -- 29 points and 12 rebounds for Love, 31 points and eight boards for Lee. But Love went 0-of-4 from the field in the final period and had just two points, while Lee had only six points, and none in the final seven minutes. NOT:  The Minnesota Timberwolves in April. Wednesday's loss to the Warriors was the Wolves' 20th consecutive loss in April, and if they lose in New Orleans on Saturday, they will surpass three years without an April victory. Their last April win was a 105-97 victory at Golden State on April 8, 2009. GOOD MOVE:  Warriors forward David Lee had piled up 27 points against a passive Minnesota defense when, with 9:40 left to play, Wolves coach  Rick Adelman  inserted reserve forward  Anthony Tolliver  into the game for the first time, with instructions to hound the Golden State scorer. Tolliver's physical style shut down the Warriors' main weapon from that point on; Lee made only one basket the rest of the way, and went scoreless in the final seven minutes. BAD MOVE:  Trailing by two points with 20 seconds to play, Wolves guard J.J. Barea dribbled out the clock for 10 seconds, then tried to rush past Charles Jenkins toward the hoop. But in his haste, Barea lost control of the ball, hurriedly scooped it up again, then jumped into the air. With no place to pass, Barea released an off-balance 20-foot shot that hit off the front rim and into the hands of Warrior forward  Dominic McGuire , ending Minnesota's most critical possession with a low-percentage shot. By the time Minnesota could stop the clock with a foul, only 1.6 seconds remained. ROOKIE WATCH:  With the Warriors effectively out of the playoff chase and  Stephen Curry  sidelined by an ankle sprain, Golden State coach  Mark Jackson  decided two weeks ago to give rookie point guard Charles Jenkins far more playing time. It's paid off perhaps better than even Jackson expected. Jenkins has averaged 15.5 points and 6.0 assists in his six starts since March 25, and made an amazing 55.1 percent of his shots (38-69). He's also 20-23 at the free throw line this season. On Wednesday, he scored seven of Golden State's final nine points to pull out a victory. NOTABLE:  The Wolves will be without starting point guard  Luke Ridnour  for at least a week, and perhaps for the rest of the season, after he suffered a high ankle sprain Monday in Sacramento. Ridnour is on crutches, and his ankle remains swollen, coach Rick Adelman said. ... J.J. Barea played for the first time after missing six games with a deep thigh bruise, and with Ridnour out, Barea got his first start since signing with Minnesota. Center  Nikola Pekovic  also returned to the Minnesota lineup after missing eight of the past nine games with bone spurs in his right ankle. And  Michael Beasley  sat out for his fifth straight game with a sprained big toe on his right foot. ... After spending 10 days with the Dakota Wizards, forward  Chris Wright  rejoined the Golden State Warriors, but he did not play Thursday. Wright averaged 17.0 points and 7.0 rebounds in six games with the Wizards, helping them go 5-1 and secure a spot in the D-League playoffs. ... Lee eclipsed 20 points for the sixth consecutive game. ... Love, the NBA's reigning 3-point shootout champion, suffered a career-worst 0-of-7 night from 3-point range, snapping a streak of 18 consecutive games with a 3-pointer. Pekovic made his first four field-goal tries before missing, giving him 11 consecutive successful shots, two shy of the franchise record. UP NEXT:  For the Warriors, Friday @ Utah, Saturday vs. Denver, Monday @ Denver. For the Timberwolves, Saturday @ New Orleans, Monday vs. Phoenix, Wednesday @ Denver.  