  Notebook: Sixers 105, Nets 87 Posted Monday April 23, 2012 11:09PM By Adam Figman, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  On the same night the Nets celebrated 35 years of the franchise's New Jersey history, the Philadelphia 76ers provided themselves with a reason to celebrate as well, easily defeating their opponent 105-87 and earning a guaranteed spot in the upcoming playoffs. Guided by  Andre Iguodala  (14 points, nine assists, seven rebounds) and  Elton Brand  (15 points, six rebounds), the Sixers led for almost the entire game -- with the exception of a few quick minutes early in the first quarter -- and will now jockey for postseason position with their final pair of regular season games. The Nets, led in scoring on this night by rookie  MarShon Brooks  (18 points), honored former players with a halftime ceremony -- a gathering caused by the fact that Monday night was the franchise's last game in New Jersey before the squad's summer move to Brooklyn. (They'll finish the year Thursday night in Toronto.) A sense of nostalgia filled the Prudential Center both before and after halftime, as video montages were shown throughout the game to pay homage to the Nets' tenure in New Jersey. QUOTABLE I:  "Great fan support tonight. They came out, they cheered us on, and our guys just ran out of gas in the fourth quarter."  --  Nets head coach  Avery Johnson . THE STAT:  Though the Nets won the rebounding battle (35-33), the Sixers outscored the Nets in the paint by an impressive margin of 44-26. TURNING POINT:  A third quarter Nets run tightened the game to within one, but the Sixers didn't tense up, and as a result they quickly spun the momentum in the fourth quarter, pushing the lead to double digits and coasting from there. Philadelphia's lead remained at eight or above for the majority of the final segment. QUOTABLE II:  "It's just been a real team effort, everybody chipping in, doing their thing. We've just had so many guys play well tonight. The thing I was happy about was the Nets cut it to one and we regained our composure and did a great job. This is a very tough team to play."  --  Sixers head coach  Doug Collins. INSIDE THE ARENA:  A halftime ceremony honored former Nets, including  Derrick Coleman, Michael Ray Richardson, Kenny Anderson, Darryl Dawkins, Albert King , and 2001 Eastern Conference Champions  Todd MacCulloch  and  Kerry Kittles , among others. Video messages from former Nets players and coaches -- including  Jason Kidd, Vince Carter  and  Kenyon Martin  -- were played throughout the contest, while the stands were filled with fans wearing Nets jerseys both new and old. A raucous sellout crowd of 18,711 chanted "Let's Go Nets" and "Defense" for the tilt's entire 48 minutes, and it gave an appreciative round of applause as the game ended and the Nets' final seconds in New Jersey wound down. HOT:  The Sixers. After beginning the month of April with a rough 2-7 stretch, they've rebounded well and have now won three consecutive road games. NOT:  Their opponent. The Nets have now dropped five straight, and will need a victory Thursday night in Toronto to avoid ending their season with a depressing six-game losing streak. GOOD MOVE:  Rookie  Jordan Williams  has been giving the Nets solid minutes, as Johnson continued to start the rookie Monday night and the big man responded with an efficient eight-point, four-rebound performance. NOTABLE:  The capacity crowd marked the seventh sellout for the Nets this season. ... The Nets finished with a 1,186-1,635 (.420) record during their time in New Jersey. ... After the game, Collins said that he'll rest Iguodala for the final two tilts of the regular season. UP NEXT:  For the Nets, Thursday @ Toronto. For the Sixers, Wednesday @ Milwaukee, Thursday @ Detroit.  