  Hornets-Grizzlies notebook   By Marlon W. Morgan, for NBA.com Posted Friday March 4, 2011 11:53PM THE FACTS:  New Orleans was already without starting forward  Trevor Ariza . Then,  David West  went down with 8:18 remaining in the first quarter with a left ankle sprain. But the slumping Hornets managed to get All-Star point guard  Chris Paul  back on track with 23 points and 14 assists, and  Willie Green  scored 13 of his 15 points in the fourth quarter as New Orleans defeated Memphis, 98-91, at FedExForum. The win snapped the Hornets three-game losing streak and ended the Grizzlies' five-game home winning streak. QUOTABLE:  "I didn't take it personally. I watch more basketball than anybody around basketball. I never try to question myself because I know I always play the right way. We just talked and changed up a few things tonight and it gave me an opportunity to be a little bit more aggressive."   --  New Orleans' guard Chris Paul on questions surrounding his slump. THE STAT:  Memphis and New Orleans, which entered the game a half-game apart in the Western Conference standings, are matched about as evenly as you can get and it showed. The score was tied at 20 after one quarter, at 45 at the half, and at 70 heading into the final quarter before the Hornets outscored the Grizzlies, 26-19 in the final quarter. TURNING POINT:  The Grizzlies simply had no answer for New Orleans guard Willie Green down the stretch. Through three quarters, Green was 1 for 5 with two points. But when it mattered most, the veteran guard hit five of six shots in the fourth quarter, good for 13 of his 15 points off the bench. Several of those shots came with defenders draped all over him, leading Paul to say, "What he did in that fourth quarter was special. He hit a lot of big shots, a lot of bail out shots for us." HOT:  Paul entered the game in an uncharacteristic slump. He had missed 22 of his last 29 shots and had a total of just 17 points in his last three games. But after knocking down his first jumper, it was obvious, the slump was over. Paul, who left the game momentarily in the third quarter with an ankle injury, scored a game-high 23 points and was weaving in and out of the lane on his way to 14 assists. He even picked up a couple of steals along the way. NOT:  Through three quarters, the Grizzlies were shooting 51 percent from the floor. Unfortunately for them, they chose the fourth quarter to go cold. The Grizzlies were just 7 of 24 in the final period, shooting a measly 29 percent. Even when they managed to put together a 6-0 run to pull to within 93-91 with 57 seconds left, center  Marc Gasol  missed a pair of free throws and the Grizzlies never scored again. QUOTABLE II:  "We had it. We just have to make free throws. You make two free throws and it's a tie ballgame, possibly overtime, and we possibly could win the game. When you dig yourself a hole deep like that in the first half and you have a team down 12, you want to stand on that lead. I think we got lackadaisical. Once you give a team hope, they bite you at the end."   --  Grizzlies' guard  Tony Allen. NOTABLE:  In their last two games, the Grizzlies, who lead the NBA in points in the paint, were averaging 70 points in that department. But the stingy Hornets defense, which allows only 38.4 points in the paint, held the Grizzlies to just 36...The Grizzlies were 6 of 13 from 3-point range with just over four minutes left in the first half. They were 1 for 9 from long range in the second half. ... New Orleans coach  Monty Williams  said West was walking in the locker room. He was unsure how long, if at all, West would be out. ... Rookie guard  Ishmael Smith , who was acquired along with  Shane Battier  in a trade with Houston Feb. 24, made his Grizzlies debut in the second half with starting point guard  Mike Conley  in foul trouble. Smith played nine minutes and scored four points with a rebound and an assist. UP NEXT:  For the Hornets, Sunday at Cleveland, Monday at Chicago, Wednesday vs. Dallas. For the Grizzlies, Sunday at Dallas, Monday vs. Oklahoma City, Wednesday vs. New York.  