  Notebook: Lakers 105, Timberwolves 102 Posted Saturday March 10, 2012 12:32AM By Phil Miller, for NBA.com THE FACTS: Kobe Bryant  scored 34 points and the Los Angeles Lakers salvaged the final game of a three-game road trip by beating the Timberwolves for the 18th straight time, 105-102 in Minneapolis. The Wolves found out just before tipoff that forward  Kevin Love , their leading scorer and rebounder, would not be able to play because of back spasms.  Derrick Williams  scored 22 points in Love's spot, and center  Nikola Pekovic  returned to Minnesota's lineup with 25 points and 13 rebounds, yet it was the Lakers' front line that controlled the game.  Andrew Bynum  scored 26 points with 10 rebounds, while  Pau Gasol  added 12 points and 11 rebounds, giving the Lakers their ninth straight victory in Target Center. Bryant, who scored his 29,000th career point earlier in the game, scored the game's final four points at the free-throw line to pull out a back-and-fourth duel in the final period. His free throws with 16.2 seconds left, earned when Wolves guard  Ricky Rubio  jumped in front to draw a charging foul but instead injured his left knee, put the Lakers ahead for good. Williams tried to answer for the Wolves, but his six-foot shot in the lane was stuffed by Gasol. After two more Bryant free throws,  Luke Ridnour  missed an open 3-pointer at the buzzer. QUOTABLE:  "Twitter, Twitter, Twitter. Somebody texted me, 'Are you gone?' Stuff like that. There were some thank-yous, some 'good luck' and all that. And then people saying, 'Oh no, he's not gone yet.' I slept for another hour and a half -- I'm that kind of guy."    -- Gasol, who scored 12 points with 11 rebounds against the Wolves, on an Internet rumor Friday that he had been traded . THE STAT:  29,022 -- Career points for Bryant, and it only seems to the Timberwolves like 25,000 of them came at their expense. Bryant, who scored exactly 100 points in the Lakers' three games against Minnesota this season, hit a pair of free throws with 2:05 remaining in the first half to become just the seventh player in NBA history to score 29,000. And despite a 4-for-14 first half, Bryant scored 22 more points after halftime to finish with 34. TURNING POINT:  The Timberwolves came in having won their past three games, and confident they could snap their five-year-old losing streak to the Lakers. But after a hard fall in Wednesday's victory over Portland, Love's back bothered him on Thursday. By Friday night, the pain had turned into spasms, Love needed treatment, and the Wolves were doomed to play without their best player, who had averaged 36.7 points in the past three games. QUOTABLE II:  "We're going at the Celtics' head. We're going at the Celtics rack. You know why? Because we don't like those boys."    -- Bynum, already motivated for Sunday's game with Boston HOT: Michael Beasley 's minutes have declined in the past couple of weeks, but the reserve forward is learning to use his playing time efficiently. Against the Lakers, Beasley played only 16 minutes, but scored 15 points on 6-of-10 shooting. Beasley hasn't played 20 minutes in any of Minnesota's five games in March, but is shooting 51.7 percent (15-for-29) in that time. NOT: Metta World Peace  contributed nine points and four rebounds, but his shot selection in the fourth quarter nearly sabotaged the Lakers. He tried three shots, two of them from 3-point range and all in the final four minutes, and each missed badly, severely hampering the L.A. offense down the stretch of a close game. World Peace, who has made only 35 percent of his shots on the season, went 5-for-21 (23.8 percent) on the Lakers' three-game road trip. INSIDE THE ARENA:  The Timberwolves promoted Friday as a "white-out" for their fans, distributing white t-shirts to each member of the 20,164-strong sellout. But the all-white effect wasn't as uniform as the team had hoped, given that roughly a fourth of the fans in attendance were rooting for the Lakers and chose not to wear the shirts. GOOD MOVE:  Bryant had victimized the Wolves for 66 points in the teams' first two games this season, so Minnesota coach  Rick Adelman  tried an unusual defensive weapon Friday: Luke Ridnour. Despite giving up five inches in the matchup, Ridnour hounded Bryant in the first half; in the 18 minutes they were in the game together, Bryant went 2-for-9 from the field. Still, Bryant, who was largely defended by  Martell Webster  in the fourth quarter, still finished with 34 points. BAD MOVE:  With the Wolves holding a one-point lead and roughly 40 seconds to play, Williams watched the Lakers swing the ball to Bynum down low, and he began to anticipate Bynum's move toward the basket. As Bynum released a short hook, Williams raced along the baseline and soared for a block, but his timing was off. Bynum's hurried shot bounced off the backboard and Williams was whistled for a goaltend that put the Lakers ahead, 101-100. ROOKIE WATCH:  Williams took advantage of Love's absence by playing a career-high 42:35, and it resulted in 22 points (only the second time he's eclipsed 20) and 10 rebounds, one short of his career high. But he tried to do a little too much in the fourth quarter, making only 1-of-4 shots, including an ill-advised short jumper in heavy traffic with six seconds remaining in the game. It was blocked by Gasol, Bryant recovered the loose ball, and the Lakers' victory was sealed. NOTABLE:  The loss dropped the 21-20 Wolves into ninth place in the Western Conference behind Houston. ... Pekovic returned to action after missing two games with a sore foot. The second-year center is averaging 16.0 points since Feb. 1. ... Love was a late scratch, and his status for Saturday's game with New Orleans is unknown. ...  J.J. Barea  did not suit up; he sprained his right ankle on Wednesday. UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Sunday vs. Celtics, Tuesday @ Memphis, Wednesday @ New Orleans. For the Timberwolves, Saturday vs. Hornets, Monday @ Phoenix, Thursday @ Utah.  