Notebook: Bulls 91, Hawks 84 
 
 
 Kent McDill, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Jan 05, 2014 12:14 AM - Updated Sun Jan 05, 2014 12:14 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  With their win tonight, the Chicago Bulls have now held the Atlanta Hawks to a combined 142 points in their last two trips to the United Center -- both losses. 
 
 THE LEAD: Mike Dunleavy  came off the bench to score 20 points, 11 in the fourth quarter, and the host Chicago Bulls held on for a 91-84 victory over the Atlanta Hawks Saturday night. The Bulls have now won five of their last seven games.   
 
 
 Luol Deng  added 17 points and four other Bulls (14-18) were in double figures in scoring.  Paul Millsap  and  Jeff Teague  each had 16 points for the Hawks (18-16), and Millsap added 12 rebounds.  In his second start in place of Hawks center  Al Horford, Pero Antic  scored nine points with seven rebounds. His three baskets were all from 3-point range.     
 
 THE STAT:  The Bulls won the rebounding battle 52-43 and had 20 offensive boards. Deng was credited with seven offensive boards. The Bulls also had three players record double-doubles -- Deng with 17 points and 11 rebounds,  Taj Gibson  with 10 points and 12 rebounds and  Joakim Noah  with 10 points and 12 rebounds.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "You can't say enough about Taj. He is tough as nails. Whatever you ask him to do he does. You can start him, bring him off the bench, he guards everybody. He is pure heart."  
 -- Bulls coach  Tom Thibodeau  talking about Taj Gibson 
 
 
 HOT:  Dunleavy was 9-for-14 from the field, 5-for-7 in the second half. He was the only member of the Bulls to shoot 50 percent or better from the field.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "Dunleavy had a heck of a second half. Some of them were really well contested, tough, difficult shots. Give him credit for making them."  
 -- Atlanta coach  Mike Budenholzer 
 
 
 NOT:   Millsap tried to get the Hawks back into the game but made only 5 of his 18 shots from the field.  
 
 BAD MOVE:  The Hawks, who rank in the top 10 in the league in 3-point shooting, went 8-for-28 from 3-point range in an attempt to recover the lead. They were 3-for-17 from way outside in the second half.  
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  A representative of Chicago's Macedonian community said there were going to be at least 100 fans from their home country in attendance to cheer on Atlanta's Antic.  
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Besides Antic, the only other rookie in the game was the Bulls' forward  Tony Snell,  who played almost nine minutes but did not shoot and contributed just one assist and one steal. 
 
 NOTABLE:  With his first shot Saturday,  Kyle Korver  extended his streak of games with a 3-pointer made to 103 games... The Bulls played their first game of the season without starting power forward  Carlos Boozer , who suffered a right knee injury in the Bulls' win over Boston Thursday. Gibson started in his place.   . ...The Hawks are the third best team in the Eastern Conference but have lost twice to two last-place teams, Orlando and New York... The Bulls now have only three players out of their top 10 players who have been available for all 32 games (Dunleavy, Gibson,  Nazr Mohammed )... Noah had a season-high five blocked shots... At 14-18, the Bulls are now the No. 6 seed in the Eastern Conference. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Tuesday vs. Phoenix, Friday @ Milwaukee, Saturday vs. Charlotte. For the Hawks, Monday @ Brooklyn, Wednesday vs. Indiana, Friday vs. Houston. 
