
 Spurs-Clippers notebook   By Dan Arritt, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday November 2, 2010 2:12AM THE FACTS:  Without starting point guard  Baron Davis  (knee) and backup  Randy Foye  (hamstring), the Los Angeles Clippers couldn't keep up with the San Antonio Spurs and lost their fourth consecutive game to start the season, 97-88, at Staples Center. QUOTABLE : "The teams that execute the best are usually the ones that play the longest come playoff time."  --  Spurs head coach  Gregg Popovich THE STAT:  Though the Clippers were within striking distance for most of the second half, they never seemed to be in the game and lost to San Antonio for the 17th consecutive time. TURNING POINT:  Clippers forward  Craig Smith  received a flagrant 2 foul and was subsequently ejected early in the second quarter following a hard foul on backup guard  George Hill  as he drove to the basket. Hill suffered muscle spasms in his right trapezius and did not return. The foul came in the middle of a 13-0 run by the Spurs, giving them a 34-26 lead they never relinquished. QUOTABLE II:  "It could have been a whole lot worse."  --  Popovich  said of Hill's injury HOT:   Gary Neal , a 26-year-old rookie guard who spent the last three seasons playing overseas, scored a career-high 16 points off the bench, shooting 4-for-8 from 3-point range. NOT:  Without Smith, Davis and Foye, the Clippers needed support from their short bench and got very little. The Clipper reserves did not score until Al-Farouq Aminu made a basket with 10 minutes remaining. The bench finished with seven points on 3-for-13 shooting. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Clippers guard  Eric Gordon  moved over to point guard for parts of the game and recorded a career-high 11 assists to go along with team-high 23 points. Gordon also put down several explosive dunks, giving the crowd something to cheer about. ROOKIE WATCH:  With Davis and Foye out of the lineup,  Eric Bledsoe  got the start in just his fourth NBA game and produced a solid all-around game, totaling nine points, four steals, three assists and two blocks in 40 minutes.  Blake Griffin  also played well for the Clippers, scoring 17 points and grabbing eight rebounds. NOTABLE:  The Spurs came into the game ranked 22nd in the league in 3-point shooting (32.6 percent), but shot 9-for-21 from beyond the stripe (42.9 percent). UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Wednesday vs. Thunder, Friday @ Rockets, Saturday @ Jazz. For the Spurs, Wednesday @ Suns, Saturday vs. Rockets, Nov. 8 @ Bobcats. 
