Notebook: Nuggets 102, Pacers 101 
 
 
 Michael Kelly, For NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Jan 29, 2013 1:26 AM - Updated Tue Jan 29, 2013 1:26 AM 
 
 THE FACTS: Andre Iguodala  hit a free throw with 0.4 seconds left and the Denver Nuggets rallied after blowing a 14-point fourth-quarter lead to beat the Indiana Pacers 102-101 on Monday night. 
 Iguodala finished with 13 points, 10 rebounds and seven assists on his 29th birthday.  Danilo Gallinari  had 27 points and  Ty Lawson  scored 18, dished out seven assists and had five steals for the Nuggets (28-18) who have won four straight. 
 
 Paul George  scored 23 points and grabbed 10 rebounds for the Pacers (26-19), who have lost three straight.  Lance Stephenson  added 20 points and  David West  chipped in with 17. 
 The game was tied at 101-all when the Nuggets inbounded the ball on the side.  Andre Miller  sent a lob pass to a cutting Iguodala, who was fouled by George. Iguodala, who earlier in the fourth missed four straight foul shots, sank the first one and intentionally missed the second to lift the Nuggets. 
 Indiana trailed 96-82 with 6:44 left before tying it at 99-all on  George Hill' s floater in the lane with 1:52. Gallinari hit two free throws and West a putback to tie it at 101 with 38 seconds remaining, setting up the final sequence. 
 
 QUOTABLE : "I thought he got fouled. I don't think it was a bad call. Perfect scenario he would have come wide open. He was partially open and Andre [Miller] makes good decisions and put the ball in a place where I thought he got foul. Five-tenths of a second you need to get something around the rim."  
 -- Nuggets coach  George Karl  on the last play 
 
 THE STAT : The Pacers had allowed just 100 points six times in their first 42 games but have allowed their last three opponents to eclipse the century mark. They are 1-8 when allowing 100 or more points. 
 
 TURNING POINT : With a chance to win the game the Pacers went to George in the final seconds. Before he could get a shot off, Iguodala stripped him with a half-second left. Denver called a timeout and set up a play to Iguodala. 
 
 QUOTABLE II : "It's happened a couple of times, last-second shots and guys have come at me. It's so surprising. I'm like, 'Really?' I take pride in being a defender and getting stops." -- Andre Iguodala on his defense 
 
 QUOTABLE III : "You just don't expect a whistle to be blown in that situation. They basically had one option and that was the option. You don't expect it, but stranger things have happened."  
 -- David West on the foul call on George at the end of the game. 
 
 HOT: Kosta Koufos  plays under the radar most nights but he does the little things to help Denver. In the third quarter, Monday, he blocked Hill and West on consecutive possessions, which led to two fast-break buckets by the Nuggets when they grabbed a lead in the third quarter. 
 
 NOT: Tyler Hansbrough  is averaging just 5.4 points a game and nights like Monday won't help his average. He scored just three points and had five fouls in 13 minutes. He has scored in double figures just twice in 14 games in January. 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT : Iguodala continues to be a stat-sheet stuffer. He is averaging 13.4 points, 5.4 rebounds and 4.6 assists a game. He's also chipping in with 1.49 steals per contest.  
 
 GOOD MOVE : With center  JaVale McGee  out with a sore left shin, Karl called on little-used  Timofey Mozgov  for some minutes. He responded with 10 points in 25 minutes. 
 
 BAD MOVE : George looked like he was heating up late in the third quarter, hitting two mid-range jumpers, including one that beat the shot clock. But the Pacers didn't look towards him on their final five possessions of the period. 
 
 NOTABLE : The Pacers re-signed guard  Sam Young . He will join the team in Indianapolis after for Wednesday's game. ... Nuggets forward  Wilson Chandler  missed the game with a left groin strain. ... George also had five assists and four steals for the Pacers. ... Denver didn't make a field goal in the final 5:45 of the game. 
 
 UP NEXT : For the Pacers, Wednesday vs. Detroit, Friday vs. Miami, Monday vs. Chicago. For the Nuggets, Wednesday vs. Houston, Friday vs. New Orleans, Tuesday, Feb. 5, vs. Milwaukee. 
