Notebook: Bucks 78, Bulls 74 
 
 
 Kent McDill, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Dec 11, 2013 12:01 AM - Updated Wed Dec 11, 2013 12:01 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  At 8-11, the Bulls are three games under .500 for the first time in the four years  Tom Thibodeau  has been coach of the team.   
 
 THE LEAD: John Henson  scored 25 points and had 14 rebounds to lead the visiting Milwaukee Bucks to a 78-74 victory over the host Chicago Bulls Tuesday night. The Bucks (5-16) got another double-double from  Brandon Knight , who had 19 points and 10 rebounds.  Mike Dunleavy  had a season-high 24 points to lead the Bulls, and  Carlos Boozer  had 21 points and 12 rebounds.     
 After trailing by as much as 11 points just three minutes in the second half, the Bucks took the lead at the start of the fourth quarter when they made seven of their first eight shots to regain command of the game for good. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Both teams played without a lot of key members of the team due to injury. The Bulls played without forward  Luol Deng  (Achilles), guard  Derrick Rose  (knee) and guard  Jimmy Butler  (toe), as well as center  Joakim Noah , who was held out of the game with a bruised thigh suffered in the Bulls' last game. The Bucks played without  Zaza Pachulia  (fractured foot),  Larry Sanders  (thumb),  Caron Butler  (knee),  Gary Neal  (plantar fasciitis) and  Carlo s  Delfino  (foot).           
 
 TURNING POINT II:  With 1:35 remaining and the  Bucks up by one point, Henson made a wild basket from just inside the arc as the shot clock wound down, giving Milwaukee a 75-72 lead. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I had to take that fadeaway backup shot as I saw the clock had run down. I could tell from the flight it had a good chance to go in, and it did. That was the kind of night it was for me."  
 
 -- Bucks forward John Henson 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Bucks were credited with 11 blocked shots, six by Henson. Boozer had four shots blocked in the game. Dunleavy outscored the Bucks in the second quarter by himself, 18-15   
 
 INJURY UPDATE:  Thibodeau said Deng is very close to returning to action. Butler reportedly could be back in action in the next week or 10 days.  
 
 HOT:  Henson was 11-for-17 from the field for the Bucks, while Dunleavy went 9-for-15 for the Bulls.   
 
 NOT:  After going 1-for-10 for the Bulls Saturday,  Kirk Hinrich  was 0-for-10 Tuesday.   
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We are losing to teams we should be beating, especially at home."  
 
 --Bulls forward  Taj Gibson  
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Thibodeau put Dunleavy in the starting lineup for Deng ahead of Gibson, who had played well in the first two games of Deng's absence. But with Noah out and  Nazr Mohammed  in the middle, Thibodeau wanted Gibson coming off the bench as Mohammed's replacement.       
 
 ROOKIE WATCH: Tony Snell , starting again in the absence of Butler, scored 13 points in 38 minutes.  Nate Wolters  had four points and four rebounds in 13 minutes for the Bucks. 
 
 NOTABLE:  The Bulls scored a season-low 14 points in the first quarter... former Bulls assistant coach  Jim Cleamons , who was with the Bulls during the first four of the Bulls' NBA championships, and  Scott Williams , who won two NBA titles with the Bulls in 1993 and 1994, are members of the current Bucks coaching staff...  the Bulls posted a season-low in points for the second game in a row. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Wednesday @ New York, Friday @ Milwaukee, Saturday vs. Toronto. For the Bucks, Wednesday vs. San Antonio, Friday vs. Chicago, Saturday @ Dallas. 
