  Notebook: Jazz 85, Bucks 73   By Andrew Aragon, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday January 4, 2012 12:27AM THE FACTS:   Al Jefferson  took advantage of  Andrew Bogut 's absence, scoring a season-high 26 points with 10 rebounds to lead the Utah Jazz to an 85-73 victory over the Milwaukee Bucks on Tuesday night. Paul Millsap  also had a double-double for the Jazz with 13 points and 12 rebounds.  Derrick Favors  had five of Utah's season-high 12 blocked shots. Bogut missed the game for personal reasons.  Drew Gooden  started in his place and scored a team-high 24 points and grabbed 12 rebounds. The Bucks were also without  Mike Dunleavy  (groin pain) and  Beno Udrih  (left shoulder sprain) because of injuries. QUOTABLE:  "Derrick Favors was the one who set the tone and came in off the bench and got like five blocked shots in one quarter. He set the tone and everybody got active. That's what it's going to take to win games."   -- Jazz center Al Jefferson deflecting kudos for Utah's victory to Favors. THE STAT:  You won't win many games in the NBA shooting the ball the way the Bucks did on Tuesday night. They shot 30.5 percent overall and 9.5 percent from 3-point range. TURNING POINT:  The Bucks went through several scoring droughts, but none were more costly than a near-eight minute stretch in the fourth quarter. Milwaukee made four free throws and no baskets during a 7:41 span. The Bucks, despite a horrendous shooting night, were in striking distance, trailing 62-57 early in the fourth quarter before going ice cold. The Jazz pulled away, taking a 74-63 lead while the Bucks threw up bricks. QUOTABLE II:  "Six games in eight days are tough. Everyone's tired, but they came out with a great energy at the end of the game. These kinds of games are tough. (The Bucks) had a couple guys out of their lineup and you think it's going to be easy, but they hung around and we had a ballgame. Our guys did a great job."   -- Jazz coach  Tyrone Corbin  on his team wrapping up a rough stretch of six games in eight days. Utah now has two days off before facing Memphis on Friday. HOT:  Millsap, a fan favorite who briefly left the game in the fourth quarter with a knee injury, shot 6-for-7.  Gordon Hayward  shot 5-for-7 and scored 12 points. Gooden was one of few bright spots for the Bucks, as he shot an efficient 12-for-20 and gave Milwaukee a much-needed inside presence. NOT:  Pick a Buck. Almost any Buck.  Brandon Jennings  shot 4-for-19.  Carlos Delfino  was 0-for-7.  Ersan Ilyasova  was like the guy in a pick-up game who won't stop shooting and starts getting glares from his teammates. When he got pulled out of the game with 4:21 left in the first quarter, he led Milwaukee in shots attempted. The problem was, he was just 1-for-5 at the time, and he finished shooting 2-for-9. For the Jazz,  C.J. Miles  struggled from the field, shooting 3-for-11. GOOD MOVE:  Corbin's substitutions are one of the more entertaining aspects of Jazz games. It's the antithesis of everyone in the building knowing exactly when  Jerry Sloan  would substitute for  John Stockton  and  Karl Malone . Corbin started the fourth quarter with journeyman  Jamaal Tinsley  running the point, rookies  Alec Burks  and  Enes Kanter , Favors and Miles. He replaced Kanter with Jefferson less than two minutes into the fourth, and the Jazz then held the Bucks without a basket for nearly eight minutes. ROOKIE WATCH:  Burks' shooting line was Bucks-like at 1-for-6, but he had arguably the most productive game of his career. He played 27 minutes and scored seven of his nine points from the free-throw line while dishing six assists. Kanter continues to provide the Jazz with hustle plays when his number is called. He had five points and five rebounds in 12 minutes. For the Bucks,  Jon Leuer  went scoreless, shooting 0-for-4 in eight minutes. NOTABLE:  The Jazz lost two players to injury in Tuesday's game.  Josh Howard  suffered a left quad strain in the first quarter and did not return.  Devin Harris  strained his left calf in the third quarter and was done for the day. Both players are listed as day-to-day. Utah has defeated Milwaukee 10 straight times at home. The Bucks' 73 points were a season low. UP NEXT:  For the Bucks, Thursday at Sacramento, Saturday at L.A. Clippers, Sunday at Phoenix. For the Jazz, Friday vs. Grizzlies, Saturday @ Golden State, Tuesday vs. Cavaliers.  