  Nets-Clippers notebook   By Dan Arritt, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday November 16, 2010 2:17AM THE FACTS:  Despite losing leading scorer  Devin Harris  to a Grade 2 flagrant foul midway through the second quarter, the New Jersey Nets ended a 23-game losing streak against Western Conference opponents Monday night with a 110-96 victory against the injury-riddled Los Angeles Clippers at Staples Center. QUOTABLE:  "Sometimes, you've got to trust your team when things happen. Guys were ready to play tonight."   -- New Jersey point guard Harris THE STAT: Brook Lopez  and  Travis Outlaw  severely outplayed their foul-plagued frontcourt counterparts on the Clippers,  Blake Griffin  and  DeAndre Jordan . Lopez finished with 24 points on 10-for-16 shooting. Outlaw had 23 points on 9-for-14 shooting. TURNING POINT:  The Clippers twice trimmed the deficit to three points in the fourth quarter. After cutting it to 89-86 with 6:18 remaining, Outlaw scored on a fastbreak off a turnover by rookie  Eric Bledsoe , and  Anthony Morrow  followed with a 19-foot jumper. Following a Los Angeles timeout,  Eric Gordon  was called for traveling and  Jordan Farmar  made a layup on the other end to push the lead back to nine with 4:47 left. The Clippers never got closer than seven the rest of the way. QUOTE II:  "It's tough to do what you want to do when you're worried about fouls. I just need to get better and avoid putting myself in those types of situations."   -- Los Angeles rookie Griffin HOT:  Outlaw came in averaging 11.4 points, but put up 18 in the first half to help the Nets to an 11-point lead. He didn't come close to putting up those numbers while playing 23 games for the Clippers last season. NOT:  Griffin got into early foul trouble and never got going on either end of the court. He came in averaging 16.6 points and 10.9 rebounds, but finished with 11 points and just three rebounds in 30 minutes of play. Jordan, starting at center while  Chris Kaman  is out with an ankle injury, had six points and eight rebounds in 26 minutes. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Gordon scored a season-high 30 points and made a career-high 16 free throws on 20 attempts. It was the most free throws by a Clipper since  Corey Maggette  made 16 in March 2008. GOOD MOVE:  The Nets moved Lopez out on the perimeter in the third quarter and he responded by scoring 12 points, eight on jump shots, to keep the Clippers from making a run. BAD MOVE:  Harris would have been better off letting Griffin score on the fast-break dunk with 6:42 remaining in the second quarter and the Nets holding a nine-point lead. Instead, he horse-collared the rookie as he went up. To his credit, Harris tried to prevent Griffin from crashing to the floor, but his efforts were too little too late. ROOKIE WATCH:  Griffin struggled to contribute, but the other two rookie starters for the Clippers performed well. Bledsoe had a solid all-around game with 15 points, eight rebounds and six assists, and fellow rookie  Al-Farouq Aminu  finished with 14 points and five rebounds. NOTABLE:  The starting lineup for the Clippers had combined to play in 301 NBA games coming in. Nets backup point guard  Jordan Farmar  had played in 310. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Wednesday @ Minnesota, Thursday @ Indiana, Saturday vs. New York. For the Nets, Wednesday @ Utah, Friday @ Sacramento, Saturday @ Denver.  