Notebook: Grizzlies 103, Jazz 94 
 
 
 Marlon W. Morgan, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Nov 06, 2012 12:00 AM - Updated Tue Nov 06, 2012 1:17 AM 
 
 THE FACTS:  The Grizzlies returned to FedExForum tonight for their home opener against Utah and gave the crowd of 17,401 a 103-94 win to improve to 2-1. The Grizzlies were playing in front of new majority owner  Robert Pera  for the first time.  Marc Gasol  led the team with 22 points, eight rebounds, eight assists and three blocked shots as the Grizzlies had five players in double figures. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I can't make a shot. We were amped up, especially myself. Anytime you have your home opener in front of your crowd, you want to do good and have a lot of energy. Some guys had too much energy, like me." 
--  Grizzlies forward  Zach Randolph . 
 
 
 THE STAT: T he Grizzlies started the game missing 17 of their first 19 shots. The trio of Randolph (0-5),  Rudy Gay  (0-4) and  Tony Allen  (0-6) were a combined 0-for-15 as the Grizzlies shot just 24 percent in the first quarter.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  It was the Grizzlies bench that got the team re-energized in the second quarter, led by guard  Quincy Pondexter.  Pondexter had a 3-pointer and dunk that got the crowd back in the game as the Grizzlies outscored the Jazz 29-25 in the quarter. That carried over in the third quarter when the team used a 16-2 run to take a 69-61 lead. They never trailed again. 
 
 HOT:  Gasol has been looking like he wants to be a two-time All-Star. He has now scored 20 or more points in all three games this season, and his eight boards were a season-high.  
 
 NOT:  The Jazz had a hard time getting their inside game going with  Al Jefferson  and  Paul Millsap , two players who normally play well against the Grizzlies. Jefferson was held to just 10 points, while Millsap had a hard-earned 14. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  We talk about getting better on the road. When you lose the first three on the road, it doesn't feel good, and it shouldn't. We don't want to feel good. We feel like somebody took something away from us. We have got to get back to work." 
--  Utah coach  Tyrone Corbin. 
 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  NBA commissioner  David Stern  was in the house to welcome Pera into the NBA family. He also spent some time with outgoing owner  Michael Heisley , the man responsible for bringing the team to Memphis from Vancouver. 
 
 NOTABLE:  The Grizzlies win set a franchise record with their 12th consecutive regular season home win, dating back to last season. Their last regular season home loss was to Toronto on March 16, 2012. The win was also their first home opening win since the 2008-09 season when they defeated Orlando. They are now 4-14 all-time in home openers. .... The Jazz did have seven players score in double figures, led by  Gordon Hayward's  19.  Mo Williams  added 17. ... Randolph may be cold shooting from the floor, but he's averaging 16 rebounds through the first three games. He entered tonight's game second in the league in rebounding.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Jazz, Wednesday vs. Los Angeles Lakers, Friday at Denver, Saturday vs. Phoenix. For the Grizzlies, Wednesday at Milwaukee, Friday vs. Houston, Sunday vs. Miami. 
