Notebook: Timberwolves 98, Jazz 72 
 
 
 Phil Miller, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Jan 19, 2014 12:45 AM - Updated Sun Jan 19, 2014 12:45 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Timberwolves have opened up a 30-point lead in 10 of their 19 victories this season; no other NBA team has more than six leads that big. 
 
 THE LEAD: Nikola Pekovic  scored 27 points and collected 14 rebounds in just three quarters Saturday, and the Minnesota Timberwolves (19-21) ended their three-game losing streak in record fashion at Target Center, routing the Utah Jazz 98-72. Utah (14-28) scored just 14 points in the first quarter and added only nine in the second, dooming the Jazz to their first loss against Minnesota in the past six meetings. Utah made only 28.8 percent of its shots, a franchise low, and lost by more than 25 points for the third time this season.  Kevin Love  added 18 points and 13 rebounds for the Wolves while  Kevin Martin  scored 20 points. Utah guard  Alec Burks  was the only Jazz player to reach double digits, scoring 18. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "It was horrible. I just kept saying to myself, 'There's no way I'm going to miss these shots.' "  --  Jazz forward  Jeremy Evans , whose 3-for-7 night from the field, ironically, was the best by any Utah player 
 
 
 THE STAT:  28.8 -- Field-goal percentage by the Jazz, the lowest in the franchise's 40-season history 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Jazz didn't look overmatched in the game's first six minutes, making four of their first seven shots. But over the final 20:34 of the first half, Minnesota allowed Utah to shoot just 4-for-32 (12.5 percent) and forced 10 turnovers, opening a 28-point halftime lead. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We talked about it. But it's his birthday, so ... I think we're going to let it go." 
 -- Wolves coach  Rick Adelman  on an ill-advised half-court pass by rookie center  Gorgui Dieng  that ricocheted off the backboard 
 
 
 HOT:  Burks has done a nice job of filling in for injured forward  Gordon Hayward , Utah's leading scorer, who missed his fifth straight game. The third-year shooting guard was the only Jazz player to reach double-digits Saturday, scoring 18 points and leading the team in assists with four. Burks has averaged 18.8 points in the five games Hayward has missed. 
 
 NOT:  Martin made more than 40 percent of his 3-point shots during the first two months of the season, but he's slumping now. The Wolves' shooting guard  went just 1-for-6 from beyond the arc on Saturday and is 3-for-15 over the past five games. 
 
 I NSIDE THE ARENA:   The Wolves left the court amid some mild booing, a fact that confused the players. The reason for the fans' unrest: The Wolves didn't try to score on their final possession, walking the ball up with 98 points. Had they scored 100, fans would have received free frozen yogurt. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  When it became apparent that Jazz center  Derrick Favors  couldn't handle Pekovic's strength inside, the Wolves went on a steady diet of feeding the post. The result: Pekovic went 12-for-17, tied his season-high with 14 rebounds and helped Minnesota dominate in the paint, 50-18. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Utah's scouting report obviously said to give  Ricky Rubio  room, in hopes the 34.6 percent shooter would hoist a few from long range. But with Jazz guard  Trey Burke  backing off, Rubio pushed the pace early and piled up five assists in the first eight minutes, on Minnesota's first seven baskets, helping the Wolves open an early lead. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  One night after setting a career-high with 12 assists in Detroit, Burke experienced the rookie roller-coaster, playing one of his worst games of the season. Burke went just 2-for-10, and his two assists were the fewest he has recorded since Dec. 6. 
 
 NOTABLE:   Hayward had hoped to return during this three-game road trip, but instead he missed his fifth straight game with a left hip flexor. ... Minnesota outrebounded Utah 60-42, marking the first time since March 9, 2011 -- and just the 14th time in franchise history -- that the Wolves have gathered 60 boards. ... Minnesota's 28-point halftime lead was the fifth-largest in franchise history. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Jazz, Tuesday vs. Minnesota, Saturday vs. Washington, Jan. 27 vs. Sacramento. For the Timberwolves, Tuesday @ Utah, Friday @ Golden State, Saturday @ Portland. 
