  Nuggets-Bucks notebook   By Rick Braun, for NBA.com Posted Thursday February 17, 2011 12:59AM THE FACTS:   Carmelo Anthony  scored 38 points and grabbed 12 rebounds, and the Denver defense allowed just one point over the final 4:23 as the Nuggets rallied for a 94-87 victory over the Milwaukee Bucks Wednesday night at the Bradley Center. QUOTABLE:  "I think it was just knowing what we had to do on the pick-and-rolls.  John Salmons  had it going so they were running a lot of stuff with him on the pick-and-rolls. So I was just trying to be aggressive on his pick-and-rolls as much as possible and we did an excellent job contesting shots and limiting them to one shot."  --  Denver forward  Kenyon Martin THE STAT:  The Bucks held an 86-83 lead after Salmons' reverse layup with 4:23 left. From there Denver held the Bucks without a field goal, forcing Milwaukee to go 0 for 10 the rest of the way. TURNING POINT:  The Bucks held an 82-77 edge and came down on a semi-break with a chance to pad the lead with 6:32 left. Instead, Kenyon Martin blocked  Corey Maggette's  driving attempt and the Nuggets went on a 6-0 run to take the lead. Milwaukee briefly regained the lead with 4:30 minutes left before the Nuggets clamped down on defense the rest of the way. QUOTABLE II:  "We don't win a lot of games with our defense, but tonight was kind of a gutty-type of get-after-it game. It'll make waking up tomorrow really nice, relaxed ... enjoy the All-Star break."  --  Nuggets coach  George Karl HOT:  Bucks guard John Salmons made 13 of 23 shots for a season-high 33 points, but he did miss his last three shots. NOT:  The Bucks as a team made just 3 of 23 shots from beyond the arc, with  Brandon Jennings  and  Carlos Delfino  each going 0 for 6. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Antony's 38 points and 12 rebounds were sure to make some fantasy owners happy. ... Although he had just three points on 1-of-7 shooting, Bucks center  Andrew Bogut  had 20 rebounds and five blocks. INSIDE THE ARENA:  With the game nationally televised on ESPN, a shirtless and probably well-lubricated ran onto the court with 1:42 left in the game and ran the length of the court before being tackled at the south tunnel and hauled away. GOOD MOVE:  With Salmons eating them up, the Nuggets adjusted their defense and threw hard double-teams at him far away from the basket to get the ball out of his hands. With no one else stepping up offensively, the Bucks scored just one point over the final 4:23. ROOKIE WATCH:  Bucks forward  Larry Sanders  scored six quick points in the second quarter to help the Bucks erase an 11-point lead. NOTABLE:  Bucks forward Corey Maggette returned after missing the previous game with a sore lower back, but forward  Ersan Ilyasova  missed his first game of the season after catching an elbow to his right eye Monday against the Los Angeles Clippers. Ilyasova was the only Buck to play in every game before Wednesday. Guard  Keyon Dooling  also did not dress because of a sore left knee. UP NEXT:  For the Nuggets, Tuesday vs. Memphis, Feb. 24 vs. Boston, Feb. 25 @ Portland. For the Bucks, Tuesday vs. Minnesota, Feb. 23 @ New York, Feb. 26 vs, Chicago.  