  Cavs-Thunder notebook    By Randy Renner, NBA.com  Posted Sunday December 12, 2010 10:29PM THE FACTS:  The Oklahoma City Thunder dominated the first and third quarters and cruised to a 106-77 win over the Cleveland Cavaliers. The Thunder outscored the Cavs 61-30 in those two frames leading to OKC's biggest victory margin of the season.  Kevin Durant  led the Thunder with 25 points and also pulled down seven rebounds.  Jeff Green  and  James Harden  added 19, while  Russell Westbrook  had a double-double with 14 points and 11 assists. The Cavaliers were led by  Anthony Parker  with 12 points and  Daniel Gibson  with 11. Cleveland has now lost eight games in a row. Oklahoma City has won 12 of the last 16. QUOTABLE:  "We had a terrific game in all phases of the game. The defense was really good tonight. It's not common winning by this large a margin but we showed some good things tonight and they were playing on the second night of a back-to-back."    --Thunder coach  Scott Brooks THE STAT:  Oklahoma City dominated the game down low, outscoring Cleveland 56-28 in the painted area. TURNING POINT : After Cleveland sliced a 21-point Oklahoma City lead down to 11 by halftime the Thunder went out and dominated the third quarter. OKC outscored the Cavs 30-13 in the frame. The Thunder hit 11-for-20 from the field while Cleveland managed just 5-for-20. A 56-45 Oklahoma City lead at halftime ballooned out to 86-58 at the end of three quarters. QUOTABLE II:  "I have to find a good combination off the bench, guys that can come in and do what we want. As soon as I take the main five guys out we just get slaughtered."    --Cavaliers coach  Byron Scott HOT:  Oklahoma City sixth man  James Harden  scored almost as many points as minutes played. He was in the game for 20 minutes and tallied 20 points on 6-for-8 shooting, including 2-for-2 on 3-pointers. Harden also grabbed three rebounds and dished out three assists. NOT:  The Cavaliers bench, leading the NBA in bench points coming in, hit just 8-for-31 shots. INSIDE THE ARENA:  For the first time ever at Oklahoma City Arena a fan hit a half-court shot for some big bucks. During a first half timeout 31-year-old Robert Yanders of Springfield, Missouri, scored more points than another fan in a preliminary round then went to center court for a try at 20-thousand dollars. With a running start and a heave he swished the shot, bringing a sellout crowd to its feet. GOOD MOVE:  Late in the second quarter Thunder guard  Thabo Sefolosha  batted the ball out of Cavs guard  Mo Williams  hands and raced down court. Sefolosha then found Westbrook with a behind-the-back bounce pass and Westbrook slammed it home for a 20-point Thunder lead. ROOKIE WATCH : Cleveland guard  Manny Harris  played 15:44 and scored two points. He also grabbed four rebounds. Forward  Christian Eyenga is  on assignment to the NBADL. Thunder center  Cole Aldrich  was inactive. NOTABLE : The 29-point win marks the largest margin of victory for the Thunder franchise after its relocation to Oklahoma City. UP NEXT:  For the Cavs, Wednesday @ Miami, Friday @ Indiana, Saturday vs Knicks. For the Thunder, Wednesday vs Rockets, Friday vs Kings, Sunday vs Suns.  