  Notebook: Bulls 90, Hornets 67 Posted Wednesday February 8, 2012 11:34PM By Larry Holder, for NBA.com THE FACTS: Carlos Boozer  scored a game-high 18 points, while  Joakim Noah  added 13 points and 10 rebounds as the Chicago Bulls cruised past the New Orleans Hornets 90-67 on Wednesday night in the New Orleans Arena. The Bulls have won four consecutive games and are 5-2 on this nine-game road trip. The Hornets have lost seven straight games and 22 of their last 24 contests. QUOTABLE:  "He says he feels pretty good. You've just got to each day do his rehab, take care of himself, get his rest, get his massage and we go from there."   -- Bulls coach  Tom Thibodeau  on the health of  Derrick Rose , who played despite back spasms THE STAT:  22:22. That's how many minutes Rose played Wednesday night in the Bulls' easy win. Rose missed most of Monday night's game with back spasms and playing him only a handful of minutes in a blowout could bode well for Rose's future health. Rose ended with six points, six assists and five rebounds. Rose said his back was "kind of tight" after the game, but his minutes were managed very well. TURNING POINT:  As crazy as it sounds, the Bulls dominated from the opening tip. Chicago opened the game on a 21-8 run and the Hornets were nowhere to be found ever again. QUOTABLE II:  "They are a fine defensive team. But at the same time, we missed so many shots tonight. ... In that third quarter, I don't know how many open looks we had. We cannot take any credit away from the way (the Bulls) approached the game. ... We just couldn't throw it in the ocean. We had 75 attempts and 19 turnovers."   -- Hornets coach  Monty Williams HOT:  It's pretty difficult to stop the Bulls when reserve big man  Taj Gibson  can play off the bench like he did against the Hornets. Gibson was 7-for-12 from the floor scoring 14 points and picking up six rebounds in less than 20 minutes. NOT:  The Hornets were historically bad on offense.  Marco Belinelli  hit a 3-pointer at the fourth-quarter buzzer to push the Hornets to 67 points. If Belinelli had missed and the game ended, New Orleans would have scored the fewest points in a regular-season game in franchise history. New Orleans' worst regular-season scoring output was 65 points as it occurred in 2000 and 2003. The worst in the postseason happened when the Hornets score 63 points in a 58-point loss to Denver in the playoffs on April 27, 2009. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Lots of Hollywood star power was on hand as actors  Will Ferrell, Jesse Eisenberg, Zach Galifianakis  and  Dylan McDermott  were in attendance. Ferrell served as public address announcer before the game as he introduced the starting lineups. NOTABLE:  The performance by Hornets center  Chris Kaman  may have been the only positive for New Orleans other than the game ending. Kaman had 17 points, nine rebounds, three blocked shot and two assists. ... The Hornets added guard  Donald Sloan  to the roster Wednesday with a 10-day contract after waiving guard  Carldrell Johnson  and swingman  DaJuan Summers  on Tuesday. ... Hornets guard  Jarrett Jack  returned to the floor after missing the last three games with a knee injury. He scored four points on 2-for-11 shooting. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Friday @ Charlotte, Sunday @ Boston, Tuesday vs. Sacramento. For the Hornets, Friday vs. Portland, Monday vs. Utah, Wednesday @ Milwaukee.  