Notebook: Bobcats 102, Bucks 98 
 
 
 Derek S. Smith, For NBA.com 
 
Posted Mon Nov 19, 2012 11:35 PM - Updated Mon Nov 19, 2012 11:35 PM 
 
 THE FACTS: Ramon Sessions  scored nine of his team-high 23 points in the fourth quarter to lead the Charlotte Bobcats to a 102-98 come-from-behind victory over the Milwaukee Bucks Monday night at Time Warner Cable Arena.  Bryon Mullens  added 19 points and nine rebounds in the winning effort.  Monta Ellis  scored a game-high 31 points for Milwaukee in the loss. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We played the game from the rim to the paint tonight, and that's where the free throws came in tonight. You've got to have a little bit of luck and we had that tonight. We have a pattern of coming back and you can draw on that. I wasn't sure that we could close the gap, but the group we had in there could score and they were mobile." 
 -- Charlotte coach  Mike Dunlap 
 
 
 THE STAT:  With the win, the Bobcats improve to 4-0 this season in games decided by four points or less. Last season, the team was 3-10 in games decided by the same margin. Charlotte is also 5-4 on the season. They didn't pick up their fifth win last season until the 36th game of the season when they defeated Orlando on March 6. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Sessions played the key role off the bench in Charlotte's win. He drained a 3 to knot the score at 96, and then made a pair of clutch free throws to put the game out of reach with 4.2 seconds to play -- helping to make amends from earlier this season. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "It was a chance to redeem myself [from a pair of misses late at Minnesota] and it's one of those things that come back around. I took advantage of it and we got a big win. We've got to keep rolling. We've got to come in and take care of business." 
 -- Charlotte guard Ramon Sessions 
 
 HOT:  Charlotte was 27-for-30 from the free throw line Monday against Milwaukee (6-3). The Bobcats struggled offensively for most of the second half, but found the way to the charity stripe often. Charlotte made 19 of its 20 attempts in the second half, and was even more impressive in the final 12 minutes of play where they made add 16 of their attempts. For the game, Sessions was a perfect 10-for-10. Charlotte shoots 77.8 percent from the line on the season. 
 
 NOT:  Milwaukee down the stretch. The Bucks were leading 92-81 with 6:51 to play and managed just six points down the stretch. Milwaukee made just two of its last 11 shots while committing three turnovers, and failed to score a basket in the final 3:17 of action. 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Mullens is continuing to improve under the direction of coach Dunlap. Mullens was 7-for-14 from the floor with 19 points and added nine rebounds, as well as the assist of the night in setting up Sessions for the game-tying trifecta. Mullens is averaging 12.9 points and 9.0 rebounds on the season.  
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Charlotte rookie  Jeffrey Taylor  was subbed in to play defense on Ellis on the pivotal final possession of the game. Taylor's defense kept Ellis from being able to drive to the basket, and forced the Bucks' guard to take a long three which came up short. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Taylor had a career night for the Bobcats. The Charlotte guard scored a career-high 10 points and grabbed two rebounds and dished out four assists. Charlotte's other rookie,  Michael Kidd-Gilchrist , had 15 points, nine rebounds, four assists, one steal and one block. The four assists were a career high. Kidd-Gilchrist is averaging 11.7 points and is third among all rookies in scoring. The Bucks rookies also made solid contributions Monday.  John Henson  had six points and three rebounds, while  Doron Lamb  had six points, one rebound and one assist.  
 
 NOTABLE:  Sessions' 23-point output was a season high. He has scored in double figures in all nine games along with teammate  Kemba Walker . ...  Ben Gordon  suffered a right knee contusion in the game and left the floor early without returning. ...  Brendan Haywood's  11 rebounds were a season high. ... Bucks guard  Brandon Jennings  scored in double figures for the eighth time this season. ...  Mike Dunleavy  scored in double figures for the sixth game this year and his four blocked shots is a season best. ... Ellis recorded his second 30-point game of the year. ... The Bucks attempted 45 shots in the paint, but got to the free throw line just 11 times. ...  Beno Udrih  had seven assists and just one turnover in 16 minutes of play.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Bucks, Wednesday @ Miami, Saturday vs. Chicago, Monday at Chicago. For the Bobcats, Wednesday vs. Toronto, Friday vs. Atlanta, Saturday vs. Washington. 
