Notebook: Bulls 92, Suns 87 
 
 
 Paul Ladewski, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Jan 08, 2014 12:21 AM - Updated Wed Jan 08, 2014 12:43 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  In the Eastern Conference, where two consecutive victories qualify as a hot streak these days, the short-handed Bulls (15-18) are on a roll.  
 
 THE LEAD:   The Bulls won for the third time in a row and solidified their grip on the No. 6 playoff seed, dropping the Suns 92-87. The trade of forward  Luol Deng  earlier in the day left the home team with nine healthy players in uniform-- all except rookie forward  Erik Murphy  saw action -- and five scored in double figures. Center  Joakim Noah  declined to speak with reporters about the Deng trade -- the two were close friends -- but his14 points and 16 rebounds spoke for him. Guard  Goran Dragic  had a team-high 21 points for the losers. 
 
 QUOTABLE I:  "It's difficult -- we were really close. He was like my big brother. But now he's moving on to bigger and better things."  
 -- Bulls rookie  Tony Snell  on the Deng deal. 
 
 
 THE FACTS II:  The Suns had closed to within 85-81 when newcomer  D.J. Augusin  fed back-court partner  Kirk Hinrich  for a 3-pointer with two minutes left in regulation play. The visitors pulled no closer than five points the rest of the way. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "That's what I like about our team -- We've been hit a lot of different ways, but we always get up. We always get up." 
 -- Bulls head coach  Tom Thibodeau   
 
 
 THE STAT:  In large part, the game was decided at the 3-point arc, where the Bulls shot 43 percent (6 of 14) compared to 26 percent (6 of 23) for the visitors. The Bulls have a 7-2 record when they shoot at least 40 percent from 3-point territory. They also had a 50-41 advantage in rebounds and 26-12 edge in assists. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  -- "It was tough on our guys flying in here (today). We didn't get in until around 1 or 1:30 (p.m.). We just need to find ways to dig out games like this." 
  -- Suns head coach  Jeff Hornacek 
 
 
 INJURY UPDATES:  Bulls forward  Mike Dunleavy  hyperextended his right elbow but returned in the fourth quarter.  Carlos Boozer  (sore right knee) was a game-time decision and sat out a second consecutive game. The status of Suns guard  Eric Bledsoe  (sprained right knee) remained day-to-day after he was sidelined for a third game in a row. 
 
 STAT II:  The Bulls own a 65-63 lead in the all-time series, one that dates back to the 1968-69 campaign, when the Suns made their NBA debut with ex-Bulls head coach  Johnny (Red) Kerr  at the helm. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Thibodeaux paired Augustin (13 points) and Hinrich (nine points) against twin point guards Dragic and  Ish Smith  with positive results.   
 
 HOT:  In the second period, Augustin had a direct hand in 16 of his team's 22 points -- eight on field goals and eight off assists. 
 
 NOT:  Suns forwards  P.J. Tucke r (minus 14),  Markieff Morris  (minus 15) and  Marcus Morris  (minus 8) had point differentials that were lower than the sub-zero wind chill outside the United Center:  
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  Bulls operations chief  John Paxson  was a busy man in the wake of the Deng trade. He addressed the subject with media members throughout the day.  
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "At the start of the season, we expected to be one of the top two or three teams in the conference," he said. "But after we learned that (guard)  Derrick (Rose)  would be lost for most of not all of the season, tough decisions had to be made. We came to the conclusion that we would need more financial flexibility in order to build a complete roster in the future."  
 -- Paxson on the change of direction. 
 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  In what might have been a hint of things to come, Snell scored 12 points in 21 minutes. Now that Deng has moved on, the New Mexico product may have an expanded role in the future. 
 
 NOTABLE:  The defeat was only the fourth for the Suns in their last 15 starts. ... After his team came to town earlier in the day, Hornacek visited his son Ryan, who worked for a Chicago-based firm. The coach attended Lyons Township High School in LaGrange, a south Chicago suburb. ... The ability to defend against the 3-pointer has been a key component of the Suns' success thus far. Opponents have converted 33 percent of their long balls, the fourth-lowest mark in the league. ... Boozer is the 20th player to average more than 10.0 points and 7.5 rebounds per game in each of his first 11 seasons in the league. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Suns, Wednesday @ Minnesota, Friday @ Memphis, Saturday @ Detroit. For the Bulls, Friday @ Milwaukee, Saturday vs. Charlotte. 
