Notebook: Kings 114, Pelicans 97 
 
 
 Scott Kushner, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Jan 22, 2014 12:04 AM - Updated Wed Jan 22, 2014 12:04 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  Since its acquisition of  Rudy Gay  on Dec. 8, the Sacramento Kings' have featured the NBA's second-highest scoring trio when combining Gay with  Isiah Thomas  and  DeMarcus Cousins . The trio, which averages 57.9 points per game, put together once of its most efficient outings, by scoring 79 points on just 52 shots in Tuesday's win over New Orleans. 
 
 THE LEAD:  Rather than the sluggish, ice-cold and seemingly indifferent Gay that Kings' coach  Michael Malone  questioned in his postgame press conference following Sacramento's home loss to New Orleans on Dec. 23, this version was the one who filled up scoreboard in the Kings' 114-97 win over the Pelicans.  
 Gay scored  41 points by unleashing an endless assault of jumpers, dunks and 3-pointers, carrying Sacramento (15-25) to the win over New Orleans (16-25). It was Gay's best scoring performance since Dec. 13, 2009 -- five years and two teams ago -- as he flashed the overwhelming offensive ability Sacramento desired when it traded for the former Grizzlies' and Raptors' star. Even more importantly to coach Malone was the manner in which Gay piled up his points. 
 His performance, coupled with a revived Kings defensive presence,  allowed Sacramento to lead wire-to-wire, rendering the Pelicans' five double-digit scorers  meaningless. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "He was (hot). He's a hell of a player and when in doubt, go to Rudy  and you'll get an assist. He really carried us tonight."  
 -- Kings' point guard  Isaiah Thomas 
 
 
 THE STAT:  With Cousin on the floor, Sacramento was 27-points better than the Pelicans through the first three quarters, as it built a 91-70 lead. Cousins made all six of his shots during that span, while pulling down 10 rebounds, dishing six assists and swiping three steals. It marked Cousins' 15th consecutive double-double, a franchise record. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Sacramento built their advantage with a 19-4 run in the first eight minutes of the third quarter. It converted 10 of its first 14 shots to push the lead as far as 83-60, and the Pelicans never threatened again. 
 
 HOT:  The Kings offense didn't need time to warm up. Sacramento came out scoring from the opening tip, making 11 of its first 15 shots, to take a 24-15 lead in the first nine minutes of action. Each of the Kings' five starters got in the act, tallying at least three points, and none missed more than a single shot. The immediate advantage allowed Sacramento to win the first quarter 38-20. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  The King's early offensive onslaught prompted Pelicans' coach  Monty Williams  to clear his bench early. In the game's opening 10 minutes, New Orleans used all 10 of its active players. But it hardly slowed the bleeding, much less stopped it. The 64 points surrendered were the most allowed by the Pelicans in a half this season.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We have a good group of guys, but I'll tell you this. We can't show up. We're not the type of team that can just put our jersey on and step onto the floor. We've got to go out and play with a high level of energy."  
 -- Pelicans' coach Monty Williams 
 
 
 NOT:  Pelicans' guard  Eric Gordon  scored just seven points in 27 minutes, his third-lowest output of the season and least since a Dec. 17 loss to Golden State. His absence was particularly troubling for New Orleans on Tuesday considering it's currently playing without three of its top offensive options ( Jrue Holiday, Ryan Anderson  and  Jason Smith ) who are all missing prolonged periods due to injury. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Pelicans' rookie center  Jeff Withey  registered a career-high 14 points, notching 10 in the first half... Gordon didn't record a point until less than four minutes remained in the first half...Three techincal fouls were whistled in the first half, one on New Orleans ( Anthony Davis ) and two on the Kings (Cousins and Thomas). Sacramento's  Jason Thompson  joined the act in the second half...Davis' streak of eight consecutive games with at least 20 points ended on Tuesday. He finished with 16 and made just 4-of-12 shots from the field. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Pelicans, Friday @ Detroit, Sunday vs. Orlando, Tuesday @ Cleveland. For the Kings, Wednesday @ Houston, Friday vs. Indiana, Sunday vs. Denver. 
