
 Cavaliers-Sixers notebook    By Andy Jasner, for NBA.com Posted Friday November 5, 2010 10:39PM THE FACTS:  The Cavaliers jumped out to a 19-point lead, then proceeded to fall behind by eight in the fourth quarter. Yet Cleveland had enough energy to win their second game this season with a hard-fought 123-116 victory over the 76ers.  Anderson Varejao  had 23 points and 12 rebounds,  Daniel Gibson  scored 17 of his 22 points in the fourth and  Mo Williams  scored 22 points as the Cavaliers erupted for 44 points in the fourth.  Jrue Holiday  scored a career-best 29 points for the Sixers, who dropped to 1-5 despite shooting 55 percent from the field. QUOTABLE:  "We showed a lot of character. We showed a lot of ability. It was a great road win for us. I was really proud of how we executed and stepped up, especially in the fourth quarter." --  Williams , on the Cavs second win of the season. THE STAT:  The Cavaliers outrebounded Philadelphia, 41-30. The Cavaliers were active all night, and those extra possessions really paid off down the stretch. TURNING POINT:  Gibson's jumper with 3:25 remaining gave the Cavaliers a 103-102 lead. From there, the Cavaliers tightened up on defense and Gibson continued making big plays. HOT:  Varejao hit all 10 of his shots en route to his double-double. Varejao even knocked down a couple of short jumpers. NOT:   Spencer Hawes  played just seven minutes and had three points. The Sixers starting center needs to be on the court more to provide some type of presence in the middle. QUOTABLE II:  "We played three games this week. We should have won all three games. We got one to show for it. We feel like we're better than this." -- Sixers guard  Lou Williams FANTASY SPOTLIGHT: Elton Brand  responded with another strong performance -- 20 points. The slimmed-down Brand is a much different player than he was last season. INSIDE THE ARENA:  The crowd at the Wells Fargo Center was tiny with maybe 6,000 people in the seats. That will likely be the case most of the time this season unless the Lakers or Celtics come to town. GOOD MOVE : When the Sixers came out sluggish and fell behind 19-4, coach  Doug Collins  pulled his starters. Collins has said all along that he will not be afraid of making changes depending on how the game is going. All 12 Sixers received playing time. BAD MOVE:  The Sixers had no answers for Gibson, especially in the fourth. They could have forced the ball out of his hands a little more often. ROOKIE WATCH:   Evan Turner  was hardly spectacular, but he was efficient in 25 minutes with five points and four rebounds. Turner moved well without the ball and simply missed a couple of open looks. This No. 2 overall pick is learning each night. NOTABLE:   Andre Iguodala  suffered a right Achilles tendon strain near the end of the second quarter and did not return. His status for Sunday's game at New York is uncertain. UP NEXT:  For the Cavaliers, Saturday at Washington, Tuesday at New Jersey, Wednesday vs. New Jersey. For the Sixers, Sunday at New York, Wednesday at Oklahoma City, Friday at Dallas. 
