  Jazz-Pacers notebook   By John Oehser, for NBA.com Posted Friday February 25, 2011 10:31PM THE FACTS:   Al Jefferson's  huge fourth quarter helped the Utah Jazz hold off the Indiana Pacers Friday night. Jefferson, who scored 16 of game-high 30 points in the final period, shot 14 of 26 from the field and added eight rebounds as the Jazz maintained a lead throughout much of a 95-84 victory in front of 16,205 at Conseco Fieldhouse in downtown Indianapolis. Paul Millsap  added 23 points and helped the Jazz control the interior with a season-high 18 rebounds. The Jazz, who outrebounded the Pacers, 56-46, snapped a five-game losing streak and won for the first time in five games under interim coach Tyrone Corbin. The Pacers lost for the fourth time in 13 games under interim coach  Frank Vogel . QUOTABLE : "It seemed like a weight was lifted off our shoulders, getting the first win, and especially getting one for Ty. Tonight was for Ty to get his first win. Hopefully, that will start a streak for us."   -- Millsap. THE STAT:  Neither team was effective from long distance on Friday. The Jazz missed all six of their 3-point field goal attempts while the Pacers made just 2 of 14 attempts. TURNING POINT:  The Pacers, despite struggling from the field throughout, fought back from an 11-point first-half deficit to lead, 66-65, early in the fourth quarter. Jefferson gave the Jazz a one-point lead with a 19-foot jump shot on the next possession, and the Jazz outscored the Pacers 16-5 over the next five minutes to take an 83-71 lead with 5:08 remaining. The Pacers never cut the lead below five again. QUOTABLE II:  "We got killed on the boards and lack of defense. They got after us. They got good position. They flat-out beat us."    -- Pacers forward  Josh McRoberts HOT:  McRoberts was nearly traded to Memphis on Thursday for  O.J. Mayo , but as he has done in recent weeks, he gave the Pacers a lift and energy in the starting lineup. He went scoreless in the first quarter, but upon his return, he had eight points and two dunks in the second quarter, during which the Pacers outscored Utah, 25-19, to tie the game twice just before halftime. He finished with nine points. NOT:  That pretty much described the Pacers throughout. The Jazz didn't exactly dominate, but Indiana struggled to take advantage of multiple opportunities -- primarily because the Pacers struggled to shoot from the floor. Indiana shot 34.8 percent from the field, including 14.3 percent from 3-point range. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Pacers center  Roy Hibbert , after a solid start to his third season, struggled in the weeks leading up to the firing of coach  Jim O'Brien . Since then, he has recovered and is again providing the Pacers production and a disruptive inside presence. He finished Friday with 14 points and eight rebounds and two blocked shots.. GOOD MOVE:  The Jazz opted to use  Devin Harris , acquired in a trade Wednesday, off the bench, and he played solidly in a reserve role. He finished with 14 points, including 10 in the second half, and also had seven rebounds and five assists. ROOKIE WATCH:  The game marked the return to Indianapolis for rookie  Gordon Hayward , who grew up in Brownsburg, Ind. -- just outside Indianapolis -- and played collegiately at Butler, where he led the Bulldogs to last April's NCAA title game. Hayward on Friday drew huge applause as he entered the game, and finished with two points. QUOTABLE III:  "It was just, 'Wow.' It was great to be on this court after watching so many games here. It was just a great experience, too, to get so much support."    -- Hayward. NOTABLE:  Harris and  Derrick Favors  made their debut for the Jazz against Indiana Friday. The Jazz traded point guard  Deron Williams  to New Jersey Wednesday in exchange for Harris, Favors, two first-round selections and cash. . . .The Pacers played Friday in the aftermath of a day that very nearly saw a roster shakeup. The Pacers nearly traded forward McRoberts and a 2011 first-round selection to the Memphis Grizzlies for Mayo. Reports are that the team also nearly dealt guard  Brandon Rush  to the Charlotte Hornets for a first-round selection. The deals didn't get done before the league's 3 p.m. Thursday trade deadline. Pacers interim coach Frank Vogel said he spoke with Rush and McRoberts Friday about Thursday's trades that didn't happen. "You really don't have to tell them anything," Vogel said. "They know it's a business. They know trades happen all the time. The main thing is both of those guys really wanted to be here." UP NEXT:  For the Jazz, Saturday @ Detroit, Monday vs. Boston, Thursday vs. Denver. For the Pacers, Sunday vs. Phoenix, Tuesday vs Golden State, Wednesday @ Oklahoma City.  