Notebook: Rockets 109, Bobcats 95 
 
 
 Matt Miller, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Feb 03, 2013 12:02 AM - Updated Sun Feb 03, 2013 12:02 AM 
 
 THE FACTS:  The Houston Rockets could not buy a bucket and were headed toward an embarrassing defeat at home when Patrick Patterson came alive.  
 Patterson poured in 14 points on 6-for-6 shooting over the final 7:30 of the fourth quarter to spark a late-game surge by Houston that allowed it to hold off the Charlotte Bobcats 109-95 on Saturday at Toyota Center.  James Harden  posted his first career triple-double (21 points, 11 rebounds, 11 assists), and  Chandler Parsons  added 24 points and 10 rebounds for the Rockets (26-23), who have won four of their last five games overall and nine of 12 at home.  
 
 Kemba Walker  paced the Bobcats (11-35), losers of 30 of their last 34 games overall and six of seven on the road, with 24 points and four steals.  Ramon Sessions  scored 20 points on only nine field-goal attempts off the bench, while  Jeffery Taylor  chipped in with 15 points on 6-for-8 shooting. 
 Charlotte may have suffered a greater loss than Saturday's defeat when rookie  Michael Kidd-Gilchrist  was carted off on a gurney with his head in an immobilizing cast early in the fourth quarter. Gilchrist suffered a head injury when he crashed to the court and had Taylor's knee collide with the back of his skull immediately after. Gilchrist, who was attempting to defend  Toney Douglas  as Douglas was soaring toward the rim in transition, was taken to Memorial Hermann Hospital for X-rays. A team spokesman said he did not know the results of the X-rays, but he verified that Gilchrist will stay in the hospital overnight for precautionary purposes.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "Mostly I was, I think everybody was, just letting him know that he's was going to be all right and trying to calm him. Obviously, it's a scary situation, so you can't really say more than that." --  Taylor on what he said to Gilchrist in the aftermath of the collision. 
 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "He was talking to the medical staff and moving his extremities. ... I think the first thing that hit [the court] was his head. ... It was a quick, bang-bang play." --  Bobcats coach  Mike Dunlap  on Gilchrist's status. 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Rockets outscored Charlotte 56-31 in the fourth periods of their two meetings this season.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Rockets appeared to be cruising toward a victory, leading 79-69 with two minutes left in the third quarter. But the Bobcats woke up on the defensive end and held the Rockets to only one field goal -- a Parsons tip-in -- during a 17-2 run that put Charlotte ahead 86-81. Houston recaptured its offensive rhythm shortly after, however, scoring on 10 of its next 11 possessions as it built a 102-93 lead with 2:49 remaining in the final period.    
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "That was huge. A couple of just beast, man-child dunks. He hit a huge jumper with the shot clock going out. Those were plays that we needed at a critical time, and he stepped up for us." --  Parsons on Patterson's dominant stretch to close out the game. 
 
 
 HOT:  Parsons, who was selected to compete in the Rising Stars Challenge during All-Star weekend, kept the Bobcats on their heels in the first half with a 19-point, five-rebound effort. The second-year forward out of Florida has been playing perhaps the best basketball of his short NBA career lately, averaging 18.3 points on 61.2 percent (30-for-49) shooting to go with 5.5 rebounds, 5.3 assists and 1.3 steals over his last four games.  
 
 NOT:  Douglas is mired in a serious offensive slump, shooting just 32.7 percent (17-for-52) from the field over his last six games. He knocked down only three of 11 shot attempts Saturday.  
 
 GOOD MOVE:  After the Rockets allowed Walker to carve up their defense in a career-high 35-point performance Jan. 21 in Charlotte, Houston adjusted to forcing the 6-foot-1 guard to consistently settle for low-percentage shots near the perimeter. Only six of Walker's 23 field-goal attempts came from inside of 12 feet.  
 
 BAD MOVE:  The Rockets had the Bobcats on the ropes on multiple occasions in the opening minutes of the second half, but they never delivered the knockout punch. Houston bailed itself out with an intense finish, but it likely would not have needed any late-game heroics had it played with higher energy earlier in the contest. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Rockets forward  Carlos Delfino  strained his right elbow during the second quarter and did not return. The club labeled him as day-to-day moving forward. ... Charlotte has lost five consecutive meetings with the Rockets and eight straight in Houston. ... The Bobcats have earned only one victory over a winning team since November. ... Charlotte, which allowed the Spurs to finish with a 15-1 run in its previous game, was outscored 28-9 over the final 8:30 of Saturday's contest. ... The Bobcats fell to 3-20 this season against Western Conference competition. ... Houston improved to 21-6 this season when leading after three quarters. ... The Rockets finished with a 50-35 rebounding edge and a 58-32 advantage in the paint. ... Houston has won nine consecutive home games against Eastern Conference opposition. ...  Omer Asik  (19 points, 15 rebounds) recorded his 20th double-double of the season.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Bobcats: Monday @ Miami, Wednesday @ Cleveland, Friday vs. L.A. Lakers. For the Rockets: Tuesday vs. Golden State, Wednesday @ Miami, Friday vs. Portland.  
