  Notebook: Heat 107, Trail Blazers 93 Posted Friday March 2, 2012 2:26AM By Kerry Eggers, for NBA.com THE FACTS:   LeBron James  and  Dwyane Wade  combined for 71 points as Miami rolled to a 107-93 victory over Portland Thursday night at the Rose Garden. With  Chris Bosh  missing after the death of his grandmother, James scored 38 points on 13-for-22 shooting to go with 11 rebounds, six assists and five steals with no turnovers in 41 minutes. Wade collected 33 points, 10 assists and three steals for the Heat (38-7), who won their ninth straight game and 15th in the last 17 outings. LaMarcus Aldridge  scored 20 points and  Jamal Crawford  18 for the Trail Blazers (18-18), who fell to 13-6 on their homecourt. QUOTABLE:  "They have two great players over there. LeBron and Dwyane were on top of their games tonight. Our guys worked hard to try to force those guys to shoot the ball over the top. They did that, but (James and Wade) made them. It's a tough matchup when you have guys like that who can score and are willing passers."   -- Portland coach  Nate McMillan . THE STAT:  James has averaged 38.8 points in his last five appearances in Portland, scoring 37, 34, 41 and 44 in games before Thursday night. TURNING POINT:  Miami outscored Portland 23-8 over the final six minutes of the second quarter to go into intermission ahead 60-42. The Blazers trimmed what eventually became a 25-point deficit to 10 with 4:40 to play, but could get no closer. QUOTABLE II:  "We knew we had to take it a little bit upon ourselves, but we also let the game flow. But we did come in and say, 'Without one of our horses, we have to be a little more assertive.' "    -- Dwyane Wade, on the combined production of he and James without Bosh in the lineup. HOT:  James was precise in every shooting department, making both 3-point attempts and going 10-for-12 at the foul line. NOT:  After making seven of their first nine shots to start the game, the Blazers were 12 for 35 in falling behind by 18 at the half. QUOTABLE III:  "He was talking to me. I was trying to understand what he was saying, and the ref said, 'Quit looking at him.' I didn't know I couldn't look at a human being.' Can't touch him, can't look at him - what's next?" Portland's Joel Przybilla, who got into what appeared to be a lively conversation with James. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Former Blazer  Scottie Pippen  was courtside. Actress  Carrie Brownstein  ("Portlandia") was also in the house. GOOD MOVE:  Miami coach  Erik Spoelstra  used LeBron James to defend Portland center  Marcus Camby  to start the game. Camby finished 1-for-6 from the field and James was free to roam defensively. "I told you guys at shootaround that I planned on guarding everybody, and I pretty much did that," James said. BAD MOVE:   Nicolas Batum  played 31 minutes, fewest of any Portland starter other than Camby. Batum -- who had 17 points, five rebounds, three steals, two blocked shots and two assists -- should have been on the court longer. NOTABLE:  Former Blazer  Joel Przybilla  -- who recently signed with Portland and was making his first appearance this season -- drew a standing ovation when he entered late in the first quarter. Pryzbilla had four points, six rebounds and two blocked shots in 19 minutes. UP NEXT:  For the Blazers, Saturday vs. Minnesota, Monday vs. New Orleans, Wednesday at Minnesota. For the Heat, Friday at Utah, Sunday at L.A. Lakers, Tuesday vs. New Jersey.  