  Blazers-Jazz notebook   By Andrew Aragon, for NBA.com Posted Friday April 8, 2011 2:13AM THE FACTS:   Gerald Wallace  had 29 points and  Nicolas Batum  had 21 as the Portland Trail Blazers defeated the Utah Jazz 98-87 on Thursday night. Former Jazzman  Wesley Matthews  added 18 points for Portland. Devin Harris , who was back in the starting lineup after missing seven straight games with a right hamstring injury, led the Jazz with 26 points.  Paul Millsap  had 19 points and 10 rebounds. QUOTABLE:  "It was an important game. We're just trying to stay in the six spot, trying not to move down, trying to find our rhythm going into the playoffs. So this was big for us trying to keep moving forward."   -- Portland center  LaMarcus Aldridge  on his team bouncing back from a 21-point loss to Golden State on Tuesday. THE STAT:  7. Harris was rusty in running Utah's offense, committing seven turnovers. Portland, as a team, had just 10 turnovers. TURNING POINT:  Portland started to pull away late in the third quarter. After Utah closed a game-long deficit to 68-64, the Trail Blazers went on an 11-0 run.  Brandon Roy  started the run with a jumper, and Matthews took some life out of the Jazz and their fans with a 3-pointer to make it 73-64. Batum and  Chris Johnson  then recorded back-to-back dunks, and Wallace capped the spurt with two free throws. QUOTABLE II:  "We didn't have the same consistency that we had the other night [against the Lakers]. We had spurts and tried to make some runs, but we just couldn't put it together for long stretches tonight."   -- Jazz coach  Tyrone Corbin  on his team's inconsistent play on Thursday after it stunned the Lakers in Los Angeles on Tuesday. HOT:  Roy made his first four shots and scored 11 points. Batum was steady throughout, shooting 9-for-13. For the Jazz, Harris shot 5-for-5 in the third quarter with four of the made baskets being 3-pointers. NOT:  The Jazz missed nine of their first 12 shots. They were even colder to start the fourth quarter as they missed their first six shots and scored two points in the first five minutes of the period.  C.J. Miles  shot 3-for-11. For the Trail Blazers,  Rudy Fernandez  shot 0-for-4 and  Andre Miller  was 1-for-9. FANTASY WATCH:  Batum has been on the rise in recent weeks, scoring in double figures in 10 of his last 12 games. His shooting percentage was solid, and he had three rebounds, two steals and a blocked shot against the Jazz. ROOKIE WATCH:  Utah's  Gordon Hayward  was in the starting lineup after scoring a career-high 22 points against the Lakers on Tuesday night. He struggled against the Trail Blazers, shooting 1-for-5 from the field and scored 10 points.  Derrick Favors  had a strong first half for the Jazz, scoring all of his eight points before halftime. Portland's Johnson played nearly 10 minutes and contributed a key put-back dunk during the Trail Blazers' game-clinching 11-0 run in the third quarter. NOTABLE:  Portland's Miller recorded his 7,000th career assist in the first quarter when he assisted on a fast-break dunk by Batum. Miller is 14th all-time among NBA assist leaders. The Jazz, with the loss, clinched just their second losing season in the last 28 years. Portland beat the Jazz in Utah two times this season, marking the first time the Trail Blazers have done that in 10 years. UP NEXT:  For the Trail Blazers, Friday vs. Lakers, Tuesday vs. Grizzlies, Wednesday @ Golden State. For the Jazz, Saturday @ San Antonio, Monday @ New Orleans, Wednesday vs. Nuggets.  