  Bucks-Heat notebook   By Shandel D. Richardson, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday April 6, 2011 11:54PM THE FACTS:  The Milwaukee Bucks defeated the Miami Heat 90-85 Wednesday at AmericanAirlines Arena. Leading the Bucks was  John Salmons ' 17 and five rebounds. Milwaukee had four players in double-figures, including  Luc Mbah a Moute  (14),  Corey Maggette  (14) and  Keyon Dooling  (10). They had three others who scored nine points, completing the balanced effort. The Heat, meanwhile, were the exact opposite, relying too heavily on  LeBron James  and  Chris Bosh , who scored 29 and 18 points, respectively. But trailing 83-82, James missed a free throw that would've tied with less than a minute remaining. QUOTABLE:  "We had a great effort all the way around. We played our normal defense, a solid defensive game. Our guys played unselfishly, executed pretty well and we were able to make some timely plays when we had to have them."  --  Bucks coach  Scott Skiles .  THE STAT:  Without the injured  Dwyane Wade , James and Bosh combined to shoot just 16 of 37 from the field. With little help from the bench, it was tough for the Heat to overcome such poor shooting from their star players. TURNING POINT:  After LeBron James missed a free throw that would've tied the game and  Mike Bibby  was called for an offensive foul, Bucks forward  Carlos Delfino  hit a 3-pointer to make it 86-82 with 24.8 seconds remaining. QUOTABLE II:  "Nobody said this was going to be easy. This is a tough painful loss and it feels like the playoffs right now as it should. As we finish out these last four games, they all have meanings."  --  Heat coach  Erik Spoelstra .  HOT:  The Bucks at the free throw line. They made all 15 attempts, which proved key in such a close game. Forward Corey Maggette led the way by going 6 of 6 from the line. NOT: Mario Chalmers  did little to make a case to return to the starting lineup. He was 1 of 9 from the field in 16 minutes. Expect Mike Bibby to remain the starter the rest of the way. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Luc Mbah a Moute had a solid all-around game, finishing with 14 and 12 rebounds. He shot 7 of 14 from the field. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Tennis star  Serena Williams . GOOD MOVE:  The Bucks were able to exploit the Heat's defensive weaknesses, taking advantage of Mike Miller trying to guard John Salmons on a few occasions. Defensively, they pressured Heat guard Mike Bibby into six turnovers. BAD MOVE:  The Heat appeared lull to sleep by this one, especially with so much at stake. A win would have kept them in control of their destiny for earning the No. 2 seed in the Eastern Conference playoffs. Now, they need to win out and a Celtics loss for a chance to hold homecourt for the first two rounds. NOTABLE:  Heat guard Dwyane Wade did not play because of sore right thigh. He is listed as day-to-day. Despite the victory, the Bucks were eliminated from the playoff picture with Indiana's win Wednesday night. UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Friday vs. Charlotte, Sunday vs. Boston, Monday @ Atlanta. For the Bucks, Friday @ Detroit, Saturday vs. Cleveland, Monday vs. Toronto.  