  Trail Blazers-Spurs notebook   By Tim Price, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday March 29, 2011 12:38AM THE FACTS:   Andre Miller  scored 26 points, including 11 in the fourth quarter when Portland rallied from an eight-point deficit and the Trail Blazers defeated suddenly injury-riddled San Antonio 100-92 on Monday at AT&T Center. The Spurs (57-17) played without starters  Tim Duncan,   Manu Ginobili ,  Tony Parker  and  Antonio McDyess . They have lost four straight and are losing what was once an iron grip on the best record in the West, watching a 7.5 game lead over the Lakers shrink to 3.5 now with eight games to play. The Blazers (43-31) defeated San Antonio for the second time in the past four days and have a full game over New Orleans for the sixth seed in the West. The Trail Blazers play the Hornets on Wednesday night in New Orleans. QUOTABLE:  "I thought it was good for us that (Duncan, Ginobili, Parker and McDyess) didn't play. It was important we came out and got the win. Those guys (the injured Spurs) are so good down the stretch. But tonight we hads more experience going down the stretch."    --  Brandon Roy THE STAT:  Not only did Portland outshoot San Antonio (52 percent to 48), the Blazers got to the free-throw line 11 more times. They hit 24 of them, while San Antonio went 10-of-20. Portland's starting backcourt of Miller and  Wes Matthews  was 18-of-22 from the line. TURNING POINT:  After holding Portland to nine points in the third quarter (that matched the Blazers' worst output for a quarter this season and was a Spurs season defensive best) the Spurs spent the first 2 and 1/2 minutes of the fourth quarter building an eight-point lead. But the Spurs missed their next eight shots and watched the game slip away during a 15-1 run that gave Portland an 87-81 lead with two minutes left. QUOTABLE II:  "I thought our players were fantastic; super competitive, communicated well. We just didn't shoot the ball very well. If we could have added a little of that to the competitiveness and heart they showed, we would have been in great shape."    --  Gregg Popovich HOT:  Miller has riddled the Spurs in these two games between the teams the past four days. He's gone 19-of-31 from the floor (61 percent) and has averaged 23.5 points. NOT:   Gary Neal  opened the fourth quarter by hitting 2-of-3 -- both makes were 3-pointers -- but he missed his last seven shots of the game. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:   Nicolas Batum  had the only double-double of the night with 10 points and 13 rebounds. It's his second double-double in the past four games and follows a streak where he scored 20 or more points in three-straight games for the first time in his career. INSIDE THE ARENA:   Mike Brown  and  Hank Egan  -- former assistants for the Spurs before Brown left for the Cleveland Cavaliers and took Egan with him -- spent time with both head coaches and congratulated  Nate McMillan  after the game. GOOD MOVE:   George Hill  went 7-for-13 in the first half, and it wasn't too long after that when McMillan put Batum on Hill -- only because Batum asked to guard him. Hill only got two shots off in the fourth quarter. ROOKIE WATCH:  First-round pick  James Anderson  (20th overall) got his first start of the season, and he 2-of-4 shots for five points. In fact, it's the first time the Spurs have started two rookies this season ( Tiago Splitter  played 28 minutes and had 14 points and nine rebounds). NOTABLE:  The Spurs have lost four-straight for the first time this season. Each loss came after the Spurs had led in the fourth quarter, including seven points yesterday in Memphis and eight points today. ... McDyess is expected back when the Spurs play Thursday against Boston, but Parker is questionable and Duncan and Ginobili are out. UP NEXT:  For the Trail Blazers, Wednesday @ New Orleans, Friday vs. Oklahoma City, Sunday vs. Dallas. For the Spurs, Thursday vs. Boston, Friday @ Houston, Sunday vs. Phoenix.  