Notebook: Bulls 91, Bucks 90 
 
 
 Rick Braun, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Dec 14, 2013 12:32 AM - Updated Sat Dec 14, 2013 12:32 AM 
 
 THE FACT: Mike Dunleavy's  banked-in 3-pointer with 5.8 seconds left sent his former team down to defeat. 
 
 THE LEAD : Dunleavy banked in a 3-pointer from straight out with 5.8 seconds left, and  Joakim Noah  blocked  O.J. Mayo 's driving attempt at the buzzer as the Chicago Bulls stole a 91-90 victory over the Milwaukee Bucks Friday night at the BMO Harris Bradley Center. 
 Noah finished with 21 points and 18 rebounds as the Bulls (9-12) avenged a home loss to the Bucks on Tuesday and snapped a three-game losing streak. 
 
 Gary Neal  led the Bucks (5-18) with 17 points off the bench. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "When it left my hand, I thought it had a good chance to go in. I thought it was going to bank in because (John) Henson was out there and I had to get it up over his outstretched arm. The second it left my hand, if I needed to call 'bank' I would have called 'bank.' But when I went in to gather for the shot I didn't intend to bank it. It was on-line and it was long. When it left my hand, I thought, 'This is going to bank in,' and it did." --  Dunleavy 
 
 
 THE STAT : After the two teams battled to a tie on the boards through three quarters, Noah collected seven of his 18 rebounds in the fourth quarter, including three offensive rebounds that led to two tip-ins. The Bulls won the fourth-quarter battle, 12-6, including five offensive. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Noah tied up Milwaukee's Neal for a jump ball with 16.2 seconds and the Bucks ahead, 90-88. Noah won the tap to  Carlos Boozer , and with the Bulls out of timeouts they headed upcourt. Dunleavy came off a pick and caught  Kirk Hinrich 's pass and went up. With shot-blocker  John Henson  approaching, Dunleavy launched his shot high and straight, and it banked in without ever touching rim. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "You've got to be able to take a punch in this league and you've got to come right back and deliver one. I thought our team showed a lot of fight." --  Bulls coach  Tom Thibodeau  on his team fighting back after  Khris Middleton' s left-handed 12-footer had given Milwaukee the lead with 29.8 seconds despite great defense 
 
 
 HOT:  Noah made 10-for-15 from the field in his best game of the season. 
 
 NOT:  Milwaukee forward  Ersan Ilyasova  went 1-for-7 from the field making him 4-for-23 in the last two games. 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT : Noah also had five assists, three blocks and three steals to go with his 21 points and 18 rebounds.  
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA: Adam Richman  of Travel Channel's Man vs. Food show was in attendance. ... Attendance was listed as 15,219, with Chicago fans making their voices heard. 
 
 GOOD MOVE : Instead of automatically fouling when the Bucks inbounded with 19.2 seconds left, the Bulls went for the steal and caught a break when Noah wasn't called for a foul while reaching in on Neal. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  The Bucks used their last timeout before inbounding the ball with 19.2 seconds left and did not have one left to advance the ball to the frontcourt after Dunleavy's 3-pointer with 5.8 seconds left. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  First-round pick  Giannis Antetokounmpo , who turned 19 a week ago, delivered two highlight-reel dunks and made all four of his free throws but also had a solid game with a team-best nine rebounds.  
 
 NOTABLE:  The road team has won the last eight games in the series between the Bucks and Bulls. The Bulls have won their last seven in Milwaukee. ... Bucks forward  Carlos Delfino  will have surgery on his right foot in Argentina Saturday. Delfino has not played since breaking the foot during the playoffs last spring. ...  Jimmy Butler  played for the first time since Nov. 18 and had 16 points in 36 ½ minutes. ... After going 4-for-31 in the previous three games, Hinrich made four of his first six shots before finishing 5-for-12. ... Boozer also had a double-double with 14 points and 12 rebounds. 
 
 U P  NEXT:  For the Bulls, Saturday vs. Toronto, Monday vs. Orlando, Wednesday @ Houston. For the Bucks, Saturday @ Dallas, Wednesday vs. New York, Friday @ Cleveland. 
