
 Rockets-Clippers notebook   By Dan Arritt, for NBA.com Posted Thursday December 23, 2010 2:16AM THE FACTS:  The Houston Rockets matched their longest winning streak in two seasons Wednesday night, holding off the Los Angeles Clippers 97-92 at Staples Center for their fourth consecutive victory. QUOTABLE:  "We played a tough game. The Clippers came at us a couple times and they made it really interesting in the end."   -- Houston coach  Rick Adelman THE STAT:  The Rockets never trailed in the game, building a 16-point lead in the opening quarter that was cut to four at the half. They stretched it back to 18 in the third quarter before the Clippers closed within a point with 18 seconds remaining.  Kevin Martin  made four free throws down the stretch to halt the comeback. TURNING POINT:  Clippers leading scorer  Eric Gordon  was whistled twice for fouls in the first 4:25, left with 6:40 remaining in the first quarter and sat out the remainder of the half with zero points. Gordon played all 24 minutes of the second half, scoring 18 points, but it was too little, too late. QUOTE II:  "It was huge for us to get Eric Gordon into foul trouble. He's a heck of a scorer when he gets it going."   -- Houston guard  Kyle Lowry HOT:  Martin scored 19 of his game-high 28 points in the second half, none more important than the free throws he sank down the stretch. NOT:  Clippers point guard  Baron Davis  shot 2-for-9 from the field with four turnovers and couldn't keep up with Lowry or backup  Aaron Brooks . Lowry blew by him for a layup with 39.7 seconds remaining, pushing Houston's lead to 92-87. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Clippers rookie forward  Blake Griffin  stirred the crowd into a frenzy late in the first quarter with a high-flying left-handed slam off an alley-oop pass that forced him to duck under the rim. He finished with a team-high 24 points and matched his season-high with 18 rebounds while playing the entire second half. It was his 17th consecutive double-double. GOOD MOVE:  Despite giving away four inches,  Chuck Hayes  did an admirable job guarding Griffin, using his 238-pound wide body to keep him away from the rim for most of the game. Griffin settled for an unusually high number of perimeter shots, including his second 3-point basket of the season on his third attempt. BAD MOVE:  Clippers coach  Vinny Del Negro  not only sat Gordon for all but 5:20 of the first half, but he also benched Griffin for the final 10 minutes after he picked up his second foul.  Ryan Gomes , who was coming off a season-high 22 points in a victory Monday against the Minnesota Timberwolves, also played just 5:20 of the first half after picking up two fouls. ROOKIE WATCH:  Clippers backup point guard  Eric Bledsoe  was better than Davis on this night, totaling four points, four assists and just one turnover.  Al-Farouq Aminu  played just 6 1/2 minutes for Los Angeles, but he made three consecutive free throws after getting fouled on a 3-point attempt with 18 seconds remaining, cutting the deficit to 93-92. Unfortunately, it was the last points the Clippers would score. NOTABLE: Ike Diogu , who was picked up by the Clippers earlier Wednesday after not playing a regular-season game since 2008-09, looked surprisingly fit, scoring eight points on 4-for-7 shooting and grabbing three rebounds in 16 1/2 minutes of play. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Sunday vs. Phoenix, Monday @ Sacramento, Wednesday vs. Utah. For the Rockets, Monday vs. Washington, Wednesday vs. Miami, Dec. 31 vs. Toronto. 
