  Notebook: Nets 95, Sixers 89 Posted Friday April 13, 2012 10:40PM By Andy Jasner, for NBA.com THE FACTS: Gerald Green  scored 23 points,  MarShon Brooks  contributed 22 points and the New Jersey Nets defeated the Philadelphia 76ers 95-89 Friday night at the Wells Fargo Center.  Kris Humphries  also had 18 points and 13 rebounds for the Nets (22-38), who won in Philadelphia for the second time this season. Jrue Holiday  led the Sixers (31-28) with 19 points while  Evan Turner  had 18. The Sixers had their two-game winning streak snapped. QUOTABLE:  "It's definitely a positive move for the future."  --  Nets forward  Jordan Williams , who had 13 points. THE STAT:  The Sixers were 1-for-10 from beyond the arc along with an uncharacteristic 16 turnovers. TURNING POINT:  With the game tied at 85, the Nets scored five straight points, including a clutch 3-pointer by Green for a 90-85 advantage. HOT:  Brooks (9-for-15) and Green (8-for-13) carried the Nets on this night. NOT: Jodie Meeks  missed all five shots while Spencer Hawes was 1-for-7 for the Sixers. QUOTABLE II:  "I played well and made some shots. Scoring is a bonus. I've just got to play with more energy. Scoring will come."  --  Brooks. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT: Deron Williams  had 11 points, 10 assists, five rebounds and four steals for the Nets. Even though Williams shot 4-for-14, he controlled the tempo and led this young team to a 13th road win. INSIDE THE ARENA:  There wasn't a whole lot of buzz in the arena for the second-to-last home game. But that all changed when the fans noticed Sixers part-owner  Will Smith  shortly after halftime. QUOTABLE III:  "We're fighting for our lives now. That's a huge loss. It's hard to figure out."  --  Sixers head coach  Doug Collins . GOOD MOVE:  The Nets gave Green extended minutes and he rewarded them with a stellar night. When the game got tight in the fourth quarter, he made a number of big shots. Green was also terrific on the defensive end. BAD MOVE:  Iguodala needs to be more aggressive and look for his shot. He was far too passive for long stints while deferring to his teammates. It has been an issue all season. ROOKIE WATCH:  Brooks scored 22 points while forward Williams had 13 for the Nets. For the Sixers,  Nikola Vucevic  started at center and had two points and five rebounds. Forward  Lavoy Allen  didn't play. NOTABLE:  The Sixers have lost 11 of their last 18 home games after opening 12-2 at the Wells Fargo Center. ... Nets forward  Gerald Wallace  missed the game with a strained left hamstring. ... Brooks received a technical foul with 3:23 left in regulation. ... The Sixers are 6-20 this season when allowing 90 or more points. ... Green has eclipsed 20 points in seven of the last 19 games. ... Williams registered his 21st double-double this season. ... Philadelphia committed five turnovers in the first quarter after having five the entire game in Wednesday's win at Toronto. ... The Nets have won seven of their last 11. ... Over the last four games, the Sixers are 10-for-48 from 3-point territory. ... There were 11 lead changes and 17 ties, the most in any Sixers game this season. ... In the previous five games, Turner was averaging just 5.6 points per game. UP NEXT:  For the Nets, Saturday vs. Boston, Monday vs. Miami, Wednesday vs. New York. For the Sixers, Monday @ Orlando, Tuesday vs. Indiana, Wednesday @ Cleveland.  