  Nets-Wizards notebook   By Rich Dubroff, for NBA.com Posted Monday December 26, 2011 11:48PM THE FACTS: Kris Humphries  had 21 points and 16 rebounds and  Deron Williams  had 23 points, eight rebounds and eight assists to power the New Jersey Nets past the Washington Wizards 90-84 on Monday night in the season opener for both teams. The Nets trailed by 21 points in the second quarter, but were able to draw even by early in the third quarter, and took the lead for good with 4:48 to play. The Wizards were led by  Nick Young , who had 16 points in 17 minutes.  Jordan Crawford  had 15, and  John Wall  added 13, but missed 10 of his 13 shots. QUOTABLE:  "People were talking crazy last year. There might be a little bit more this year, but to me, it's motivation. People are yelling at you. You've got to perform. You've got to play hard."   -- Humphries on the crowd booing him THE STAT:  The Nets outrebounded the Wizards 58-38. In the second half, the margin was 32-17. TURNING POINT:  New Jersey put on a 16-2 run to cut the 21-point led to seven late in the second quarter. Washington never controlled the game again. QUOTABLE II:  "I don't know why. I'm trying to figure out: What did he do? I'm serious. It may be because I don't follow reality TV. I don't know all the ins and outs of it. It's pretty hilarious to me. I don't even know if they know they're booing."   -- Nets coach  Avery Johnson  on the crowd booing Humphries HOT:  Humphries was 9-for-14 from the field, and controlled the board with 16 rebounds. He was just four points from his career high. NOT:  Wall, who missed 10 of 13 shots. Last year, he had lots of games when he was hot, many when he was not. This year, the Wizards hope it's not the same. GOOD MOVE:  Johnson starting Humphries, who signed just last week.  Shelden Williams  was listed in the original starting lineup, but Johnson thought Humphries was in excellent shape. BAD MOVE:  Wall missed six of 13 free throws, and the Wizards lost by six. He missed three in the final minutes. He had lots of trouble defending Williams. NOTABLE:  Williams was two assists and two rebounds away from his first career triple-double. IN THE ARENA: Kim Kardashian  was not, so the 17,102 had to settle for her former beloved -- Humphries, who lasted 72 days with her. The lockout was nearly twice as long. UP NEXT:  For the Nets: Tuesday vs. Hawks, Thursday @ Magic, Friday @ Hawks. For the Wizards: Wednesday @ Hawks, Friday @ Bucks, Sunday vs. Celtics  