Notebook: Mavericks 100, Wolves 77 
 
 
 Jim Beilby, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Mar 10, 2013 10:29 PM - Updated Sun Mar 10, 2013 10:29 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:  The Dallas Mavericks made quick and relatively easy work of the tired and depleted Minnesota Timberwolves, defeating them 100-77 on Sunday night.  With injuries to key players, including  Kevin Love, Nikola Pekovic , and  Andrei Kirilenko , Minnesota only had nine players available.  And they were not only coming off a back-to-back in Denver, they had to contend with an early start to this game, daylight savings time, and a two-hour wait on the tarmac in Denver waiting for their plane to be de-iced.  Minnesota coach  Rick Adelman  did not get home until 4:30 this morning. 
 The Mavericks didn't play their best game, but they did exactly what they needed to do to win the game.  Vince Carter  took advantage of Minnesota's lack of size at guard, scoring 22 points off the bench and  Dirk Nowitzki  had 16 points and nine rebounds in only 28 minutes of play.  Derrick Williams  led the Wolves with 18 point and nine rebounds. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We just didn't have any energy. We had shot after shot and missed shot after shot. They ran a lot of people in, in the first half. I know that they were thinking that we played last night and they had to travel. We just wore down." 
 
 -- Adelman 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Dallas held Minnesota to 36.4 percent from the field. Or rather, Minnesota held Minnesota to that percentage. Minnesota's looks at the basket were consistently good, but time after time they missed those wide-open shots. And the rebounding differential was indicative of Minnesota's tired legs.  After outrebounding Dallas 18-10 in the first quarter, Dallas crushed Minnesota on the boards in the final three quarters, 53-27. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Dallas scored the first 14 points of the second quarter as part of a 24-5 run that gave them an 18-point lead.  After that, Minnesota never got within 10 points and Dallas made numerous mini-runs to extend their lead. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "There is no such thing as (a) comfortable (lead) this year. I am pretty certain of that. We have to keep an edge as we keep going on this trip. Each game is too meaningful. With everything we have been through, everything else, we owe it to ourselves and to everyone that follows us to keep staying in this and focus." 
 
 -- Dallas coach  Rick Carlisle 
 
 
 HOT:  Dallas forward  Brandan Wright  was 6-for-7 with 13 points and seven rebounds in 27 minutes of play. 
 
 NOT:  Minnesota guard  Alexey Shved  was 0-for-7 in 19 minutes of play. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  With such tired legs and the game out-of-reach, Adelman rested his starting guards, Rubio and  Luke Ridnour . 
 
 NOTABLE:  Minnesota is 5-24 in its last 29 games. ... Sunday's victory is the third straight for Dallas and the fourth in its last five. ... Dallas' bench is third best in the league, behind New York and the Clippers, at 40.7 points per game. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Wolves, Tuesday vs. San Antonio, Wednesday @ Indiana, Friday @ Houston. For the Mavericks, Tuesday @ Milwaukee, Thursday @ San Antonio, Friday vs. Cleveland. 
