Notebook: Nets 95, Thunder 93 
 
 
 Randy Renner, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Jan 03, 2014 12:08 AM - Updated Fri Jan 03, 2014 12:08 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Nets win for the first time this season when trailing going into the fourth quarter (1-19). 
 
 THE LEAD:   Joe Johnson  hit a jumper at the buzzer to cap off a stunning Brooklyn rally and give the Nets a thrilling 95-93 win over the Oklahoma City Thunder. OKC led by as many as 16 but the Thunder offense could only generate a season-low 34 second half points, one more than they scored in the second quarter. 
 Johnson finished with just nine points on 4-for-11 shooting.  Deron Williams  had a huge night with a season-high 29 points, five steals and four assists.  Paul Pierce  added 18 and  Alan Anderson  came off the bench to score 13. They were the only Nets in double figures. 
 The Thunder have now lost two straight home games after blowing 16-point leads.  Kevin Durant  led Oklahoma City with 24 points, but he had to battle through foul trouble and double and triple teams all night.  Perry Jones  came off the bench to score 11 points.  Serge Ibaka  added a double-double with 10 points and 11 rebounds. 
 The Thunder turned the ball over 21 times leading to 26 Nets points and many of those turnovers were unforced, throwing a bad pass, dribbling a ball off a foot and stepping out of bounds. 
 The Nets came in having won just one game out of their last seven.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I thought as a team we did a great job of keeping it close and coming up with big plays especially in the fourth and down the stretch. We made it tough on KD. Coach drew up the play in the huddle and the rest his history." 
 -- Johnson 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Thunder had 14 second half turnovers leading to 20 Brooklyn points.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Thunder led by 16 points late in the third quarter and by 10 with just under seven minutes to play, but the Nets finished the game on a 16-4 run holding OKC to just 2-for-8 shooting and forcing four turnovers. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We have to do a better job of protecting leads. We worked hard to get a 16 point lead and then we made a lot of mental mistakes. Some of our turnovers were just unacceptable, we gave away 14 possessions there in the second half." 
 --Thunder head coach  Scott Brooks 
 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "We get too relaxed, we've got to keep going. When a team is down you've got to keep them down. That's what teams do to us when we're down." 
 -- Durant 
 
 
 HOT:  Brooklyn opened the game shooting 55.6 percent (10-for-18)...Durant was 5-for-6 (15 points) at halftime...Williams was 6-for-10 (18 points) in the second half. 
 
 NOT:  OKC started the game 2-for-9 (22.2 percent)...Johnson was 1-for-5 (1-for-4 on threes) at halftime...Pierce was 4-for-12 in the second half...OKC scored just 34 points in the second half, a season-low. 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  The 131st consecutive sellout inside Chesapeake Energy Arena. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Kidd decided to go with a small lineup to open the game and it worked in the beginning. Nets shot over 50 percent in the quarter and the Thunder started slowly. 
 
 GOOD MOVE TOO:  In the second quarter Brooks countered, bringing in  Jeremy Lamb  and  Perry Jones  to join, Durant, Ibaka and Jackson. That lineup turned everything around, the Nets unable to keep up with OKC's athleticism and the Thunder won the quarter 33-15, shooting 61.1 percent and holding the Nets to 18.8 percent. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Brooks didn't like his team's intensity on defense in the second half of the Portland loss and tonight the Thunder come out of the halftime break with that same problem, allowing Brooklyn to jump out on an 11-3 run bringing the game back into single digits. In the fourth quarter it got even worse with the Thunder piling up turnovers 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Thunder backup center  Steven Adams  played 14 minutes and scored seven points, stole the ball twice and pulled down a rebound. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Johnson was 1-for-7 through three quarters then went 3-for-4 in the fourth...Last season the Nets beat the Thunder at home too, also on January 2nd. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Nets: Saturday vs. Cleveland, Monday vs. Atlanta, Wednesday vs. Golden State.  For the Thunder: Saturday @ Minnesota, Sunday vs. Boston, Tuesday @ Utah. 
