Notebook: Bucks 99, Celtics 88 
 
 
 Brian Robb, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Nov 02, 2012 11:04 PM - Updated Fri Nov 02, 2012 11:04 PM 
 
 THE FACTS: Brandon Jennings  delivered an impressive double-double in his season debut, helping Milwaukee Bucks spoil the Boston Celtics home opener with a resounding 99-88 victory. The fourth-year guard had 21 points and 13 assists as he set an aggressive tone within a balanced Bucks scoring attack, which featured six Milwaukee players finishing in double figures. On the other side of the floor, Boston struggled mightily with their offense early on, managing just 30 points in the first half. The slow start resulted in a 16-point hole at intermission for the hosts and things did not improve in the second half for the Celtics as the Bucks pulled away in the fourth quarter to cruise to the win.  Kevin Garnett  led Boston with 15 points in the setback.    
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We were aggressive on both ends, we were competitive, we were quick to loose balls and overall played very well." 
-Milwaukee coach  Scott Skiles  
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Celtics managed to score just four points in the opening eight minutes of the second quarter. The paltry output allowed the Bucks to build a double-digit lead in the frame, as Celtics finished the quarter hitting just 5-of-21 field goal attempts.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  Boston made one final push to close the gap in the fourth quarter, chipping the Milwaukee lead down to 13 after a 6-0 run with just under six minutes remaining. The Bucks ensured there would not be a comeback however, responding with a quick 9-0 outburst of their own, putting the game out of reach for the Celtics.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:   "I don't see the urgency yet...I don't like how we're approaching the games. And until we [improve] that we're going to struggle."
-Boston coach  Doc Rivers  
 
 
 HOT: Tobias Harris  -- The 20-year-old small forward made the most of his starting opportunity with  Luc Mbah A Moute  sidelined due to knee surgery. Harris was perfect in the third quarter, making all four of his field goal attempts, and scored 14 of his 18 points in the second half.   
 
 NOT:   Paul Pierce  -- Boston's captain was saddled with foul trouble for the majority of the first half and failed to find a rhythm for entire contest offensively. Pierce missed his first six shots from the field and finished with just 11 points on 3-of-11 shooting.  
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Rajon Rondo -- Despite a subpar offensive performance for the Celtics, Boston's point guard delivered his second straight double-double on the young season, as he finished with 14 points and 11 assists, to along with four rebounds.   
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  Comedian  Larry David,  and Red Sox slugger  David Ortiz  enjoyed the contest from courtside at TD Garden.   
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Jared Sullinger  led the Celtics with seven rebounds in just 18 minutes of action off the bench. The 21st overall pick in the 2012 NBA Draft also finished with six points.   
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "You know, playing a team like Boston you have to be aggressive. If not, they'll just take over the game right away. Our whole role was just to come out aggressive."
- Jennings 
 
 NOTABLE:  With the victory, Milwaukee snapped an eight-game losing streak against Boston.  John Henson  (knee) was inactive for Milwaukee. Skiles was hopeful the rookie would make his season debut Saturday vs. Cleveland.  Kris Joseph  made his NBA debut for Boston, grabbing a rebound and posting an assist over three minutes of action. The Celtics trailed by double-digits for the entire second half.  Marquis Daniels  was greeted warmly by the TD Garden crowd, as he made his return to Boston in a Bucks uniform after playing for the Celtics tthe past three seasons. He was scoreless in nine minutes.   
 
 UP NEXT:   For the Bucks, Saturday vs. Cleveland, Wednesday vs. Memphis, Friday @ Washington. For the Celtics, Saturday @ Washington, Wednesday vs. Washington, Friday vs. Philadelphia.  
