  Notebook: Pacers 94, Warriors 91   By Geoff Lepper, for NBA.com Posted Saturday January 21, 2012 2:33AM THE FACTS: George Hill  scored on a breakaway layup and ensuing free throw with 1.8 seconds left as the Indiana Pacers pulled out a 94-91 victory against the Golden State Warriors.  Danny Granger  had a game-high 26 points for the Pacers, who took a tightly contested game in which neither team led by more than six points and the lead changed 25 times.  Monta Ellis  had 25 points and six assists for the Warriors, but committed a crucial turnover with 3.9 seconds remaining, setting Hill up for his game-winning basket. TURNING POINT:  With the game tied at 91 and the Warriors in possession, Golden State chose to flatten out four players and leave Ellis isolated at the top of the key, holding the ball for a final shot at the buzzer. As Ellis prepared to launch his assault by crossing his dribble over from his right hand to his left, Hill reached in for an attempted strip. The ball caromed off Hill's right foot and, in the absence of a whistle for a kicking violation, Hill grabbed it and sprinted downcourt for the game-winning bucket. QUOTABLE:  "I wasn't intentionally trying to kick anything. I was trying to go for a steal, because we had one (foul) to give. When he crossed, I was so close that it dribbled right off my foot. I didn't hear no whistle, and coach always say, 'Play until you hear the whistle."  --  George Hill. THE STAT:  Indiana forced 18 turnovers from the Warriors, seven in the fourth quarter, and generated 22 points on the evening from those miscues, nine in the last period. That went a long way towards helping the Pacers rescue a road win on a night where they shot just 42.2 percent from the floor, including a combined 3-for-20 from the starting backcourt of  Darren Collison  (1-12) and  Paul George  (2-8). QUOTABLE II:  "This team believes in themselves. We let one slip away in Sacramento, but we're 5-0 at home, 5-4 on the road, we got back above .500 (on the road). We knew we were the better team tonight. We just had to come in here and take care of business."  --  Pacers coach  Frank Vogel GOOD MOVE:  It wasn't that hard a choice, given that George had struggled mightily for much of the game, but Vogel made the right call in leaving Hill in for the entire fourth quarter to partner Collison and provide another scorer alongside Granger, who had a season-high in points, and  David West , who also set a season-best with 18. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT: Stephen Curry  returned after missing eight games due to a sprained right ankle and looked a bit rusty in going 5-for-15 from the floor with three assists canceled out by three turnovers. HOT:  Curry and Ellis combined to carry the Warriors down the stretch. Curry had seven straight points for Golden State, then Ellis closed it out with the team's last six points. NOT:  The Pacers started off the second quarter in an 0-for-9 tailspin against the Warriors' 2-3 zone, allowing Golden State to turn a four-point deficit into a four-point lead in less than 4 minutes. In the fourth quarter, however, Indiana was much more successful attacking when the Warriors sagged back in similar style. ROOKIE WATCH:  Warriors guard  Klay Thompson  had eight points and, if not for a basket that was wiped out by an illegal screen called on  Ekpe Udoh , would have been in double figures for the third straight game. NOTABLE:  Indiana center  Roy Hibbert  collected a career-high 16 rebounds. . . . Golden State guard  Brandon Rush  (six points, six rebounds in 20 minutes) and Pacers forward  Lou Amundson  (0-for-3 from the field in 5 minutes) faced their previous teams for the first time since being dealt for each other on Dec. 19. UP NEXT:  For the Warriors, Monday vs. Memphis, Wednesday vs. Portland, Friday vs. Oklahoma City. For the Pacers, Sunday @ Lakers, Tuesday vs. Orlando, Wednesday @ Chicago.  