  Rockets-Spurs notebook   By Tim Price, for NBA.com Posted Sunday January 30, 2011 12:08AM THE FACTS: Manu Ginobili  scored 22 points, including a pair of key 3-pointers in the fourth quarter, as all five Spurs starters scored in double figures in San Antonio's 108-95 victory over the Houston Rockets on Saturday in what will be the team's last home game as the rodeo comes to town for the next 25 days. The Spurs (40-7) become the first to hit 40 wins this season, but play their next nine games on the road after winning 17 straight at home. Houston (22-27) had won two of three coming into the game. QUOTABLE:  "We made some shots (San Antonio shot 51 percent) and played solid defense throughout the game, especially in the second half. I think we did a pretty solid job on  (Kevin) Martin  -- he's impossible to guard. They depend on him to get a lot of scoring done, so that helped us out."    -- Spurs coach  Gregg Popovich THE STAT:  There were 14 lead changes in the opening 15 minutes. But after  DeJuan Blair  (14 points and 12 rebounds) had three slam dunks against Houston over a span of 3 1/2 minutes in the second quarter, there were no more lead changes. TURNING POINT:  The Rockets trailed only by five points to start the fourth quarter, but Ginobili hit a pair of 3-pointers less than 1 1/2 minutes apart from each other. And when he stole a  Courtney Lee  pass and was fouled before hitting both free throws a minute later, San Antonio went up by 11 with eight minutes to go and Houston never got closer. QUOTABLE II:  "They have the best record in the league. What do you want me to say? They beat us. They have all the ingredients of a team that's going to be very difficult to beat."    -- Rockets coach  Rick Adelman HOT:   Richard Jefferson  was 7-for-8 (2-for-3 on 3-pointers) for 18 points, his best shooting performance of the season and his best scoring output since Dec. 10 against Atlanta. A lot of his work against Houston was done while  Shane Battier  had the defensive assignment on him. NOT: Aaron Brooks  is in a wicked slump. He was 3-for-12 against the Spurs and now has gone 19-for-71 his past six games, 26.8 percent. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT: Luis Scola  scored 23 points and grabbed 10 rebounds and remains one of the few Rockets bright spots. Scola, who was drafted by the Spurs in the second round of the 2002 draft, had 30 points (14-of-21) and eight rebounds Thursday at Dallas. INSIDE THE ARENA: Fabricio Oberto , the starting center when the Spurs won their most recent title in 2007, showed up to see his Argentine teammates Ginobili and Scola. Oberto, who retired this season, has made both Spurs-Rockets games this season. GOOD MOVE:  With  Matt Bonner  still out with his sore right knee, Popovich has counted on  Antonio McDyess  to bring the energy to the court that Bonner had supplied. But Popovich has wanted to still manage the minutes of the 36-year-old McDyess. After a helpful 21 minutes (four points and four rebounds) against the Rockets, McDyess stayed on the bench the final five minutes. BAD MOVE: Kevin Martin  hit both of his 3-point shots while scoring 10 first-quarter points. But he played only 1 1/2 minutes in the second quarter and failed to get off a shot. Maybe he lost his rhythm, because he missed his final seven shots, including five 3-pointers and did not get to the foul line the entire night. ROOKIE WATCH: Patrick Patterson  (Kentucky, 14th overall pick) played 20 minutes and was 4-for-8 for eight points and had five rebounds.  Tiago Splitter  played 14 minutes for San Antonio but was 1-for-4 for three points and had three rebounds with two steals.  Gary Neal  scored 14 points (he was 7-for-8 on foul shots) and had five assists. NOTABLE:  Now that the Spurs hit the road for nine straight games, they are 15-5 away from home compared to 24-2 at home. The last five times the Spurs have lost, it has been on the road. ... Ginobili was whistled for a rare goaltending call in the third quarter. UP NEXT:  For the Rockets, Tuesday @ L.A. Lakers, Wednesday @ Utah, Saturday vs. Memphis. For the Spurs, Tuesday @ Portland, Thursday @ L.A. Lakers, Friday @ Sacramento.  