Notebook: Nuggets 104, Jazz 84 
 
 
 Michael Kelly, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Nov 10, 2012 2:36 AM - Updated Sat Nov 10, 2012 2:36 AM 
 
 THE FACTS: Corey Brewer  came off the bench to score a game-high 20 points,  Kenneth Faried  had 18 points and 10 rebounds and the Denver Nuggets used a strong second quarter to take control and beat the Utah Jazz 104-84 on Friday night. 
 
 Andre Iguodala  and  Kosta Koufos  had 15 points each for the Nuggets, who have won three straight. Koufos also had 10 rebounds and three blocks. 
 
 Gordon Hayward  led the Jazz with 15 points and  Randy Foye  and  Enes Kanter  had 13 each off the bench. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "The second quarter's probably the best defensive quarter we've played in a long time. Defensively, we might have had a couple of moments where we didn't make the right defensive play. But our keys were Mo Williams and (Al) Jefferson and they both end up (a combined) 2-for-15. It wasn't a pretty game but it was a strongly, well-played game." -- Nuggets coach  George Karl . 
 
 THE STAT:  The Nuggets had struggled defending the 3-pointer in their first three games but shut down the Jazz from long range. Utah finished 4-for-23 from behind the arc, with Foye hitting three of those four. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Nuggets built a 21-point lead in the third quarter then saw the Jazz trim it to 12 and grab some momentum. Brewer ended any comeback hopes with a 3-pointer in front of the Denver bench and then hit another from the opposite corner while being fouled. He hit the free throw to complete the four-point play and Denver was never threatened again. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "You're going to have nights where you miss shots, especially on the road, but our defense slacked off. We didn't move our bodies and we didn't put pressure on the basket. We shot jump shots and they got in transition as a result." -- Jazz coach  Tyrone Corbin. 
 
 
 HOT: Andre Miller  isn't known for his leaping ability but he surprised Derrick Favor in the second quarter when he blocked his shot. Less than a minute later Miller blocked Hayward's shot.  
 
 NOT:  The Jazz started 12-for-24 from the field in the first 15 minutes but made just 10 shots over the next 21. Hayward,  Paul Millsap  and Kanter were the only Utah players to hit at least 50 percent of their shots.  
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Faried has been consistently filling the stat sheet. He had his second straight double-double and third in the last four games.  
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Karl used his size to contend with Utah's frontcourt. Koufos started at center but  JaVale McGee  and  Timofey Mozgov  rotated in, and on a few occasions the Nuggets had two 7-footers on the court at the same time. Mozgov, playing his first game of the year, had four points, five rebounds and two blocks in 20 minutes. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Faried tried to play to the crowd when he went in uncontested on a fast break. His windmill dunk attempt bounced off the back rim and right to Jazz guard  Jamaal Tinsley . 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "It was too wide open, I guess. I didn't know if I wanted to go up and regular dunk it, go between the legs or windmill dunk it. I missed it and I was disappointed in myself." -- Faried, on his dunk. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Favors was a force in the minutes he got. He had 10 points and 11 rebounds to go along with the five blocks he had in 10 minutes in the first half. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Jazz, Saturday vs. Phoenix, Monday @ Toronto, Wednesday @ Boston. For the Nuggets, Saturday @ Golden State, Tuesday @ Phoenix, Thursday vs. Miami.  
