Notebook: KIngs 108, Jazz 97 
 
 
 James Ham, For NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Nov 25, 2012 1:30 AM - Updated Sun Nov 25, 2012 9:34 AM 
 
 THE FACTS:  After a disappointing two-point loss Friday night in Utah, the Sacramento Kings got their revenge, besting the Jazz 108-97 in front of a noisy Sleep Train Arena crowd Saturday night. 
 The game changed dramatically in the third quarter when  DeMarcus Cousins  drew a pair of technical fouls in the span of less than a minute and was ejected from the game.   Tyreke Evans  picked up the slack for the KIngs (4-9), scoring a team-high 27 points, while  Jason Thompson  added 16 points and nine rebounds from the power forward position. 
 
 Randy Foye  led the Jazz (7-7) with 17 points, but the visiting team never found their shooting range, finishing with just 40.5-percent shooting from the field. 
 
 QUOTABLE : "We're going to still love him and coach him.  That's all we can do."  
 -- Kings coach  Keith Smart  on Cousins 
 
 THE STAT : For the third consecutive game, the Sacramento Kings shot 50-percent from the field or better after failing to do so in any of the teams first 10 games of the season.  The Kings have a lot of offensive weapons and it appears they are starting to figure out how to play together. 
 
 TURNING POINT : With the Kings leading 77-72 in the final two minutes of the third quarter, Cousins lost his cool and go a technical foul.  While the Jazz player was headed to the line, Cousins continued to chat with the officials, picked up a second technical and an instant ejection from the game.  In his absence, the Kings rallied and buried the visiting Jazz.  
 
 HOT : Foye lit the Kings up in the first quarter, dropping 13 points on 4-for-5 shooting from 3-point land.  
 
 NOT : After his hot start, Foye did almost nothing the rest of the way.  The veteran guard finished with 17 points and bricked three straight free throw attempts in a crucial moment in the fourth quarter.  
 
 GOOD MOVE : Smart has continued to pare down his rotation and rely heavily on his starters over the last three games.  The result has been wins in two of the last three games, with the one loss during the stretch coming on Friday night against the Jazz by just two points.  
 
 BAD MOVE : Cousins' "discussion" with the officials. Tonight, his ejection might have cost his teammates a much-needed win at home when he picked up back-to-back technical fouls in the span of 30 seconds in the third, had it not been for his teammates picking up the action in his absence. 
 
 NOTABLE : There is no love lost between Cousins and  Derrick Favors .  The Jazz big man was taken with the second overall pick in the 2010 Draft, a spot Cousins believes was rightfully his.  Tonight, in Sacramento, Cousins took him to the woodshed before his ejection, including a couple of monster dunks in Favors' face.  Favors finished with just two points and five fouls in 16 minutes of action. 
 
 UP NEXT : For the Jazz, Monday vs. Denver, Wednesday @ New Orleans, Friday @ Oklahoma City. For the Kings, Tuesday vs. Timber Wolves, Friday vs. Pacers, Saturday @ Clippers.  
