
 Hawks-Timberwolves notebook   By Jim Beilby, for NBA.com Posted Friday November 5, 2010 11:52PM THE FACTS:  The Atlanta Hawks won their fourth straight on the road this season and remained undefeated (6-0), defeating the Minnesota Timberwolves 113-103.  Jamal   Crawford  led the Hawks in scoring 22 off the bench and  Josh Smith  scored 20 and blocked five shots. He is averaging over 4 blocked shots per game. QUOTABLE:  "When you talk about being a good team you have to be able to go out on the road and win. I don't care who the opponent is. We've been a team that has really been trying to mature on the road and certain cases in the past we've gotten leads and lost them and caved in behind them. We've been able to weather some storms early on the road with teams fighting back and even taking leads. We've seemed to not be rattled and maintained our composure and we've stuck with our game plan and executed the game plan until the end."  -  Atlanta coach,  Larry Drew  on the Hawk's resilience so far this season. THE STAT:  For Atlanta: Minnesota shot 33 percent from the floor and Atlanta took advantage of the Wolves' misses and built a 20-0 advantage in fast break points in the first half. For Minnesota: Minnesota has grabbed double-digit offensive rebounds in each of their six games so far this season  they grabbed 16 tonight. TURNING POINT:  Having trailed by as many as 17, Minnesota's  Corey Brewer  capped a 14-4 run with a breakaway dunk that put Minnesota within seven point of the lead. Crawford responded with a 3-pointer and-one with 5:17 to play, effectively securing the win for Atlanta. ROOKIE WATCH:  Minnesota rookie guard  Wes Johnson  scored a career-high 18 points on 7-for-11 shooting (4-for-6 from beyond the arc) all while commiting zero turnovers. NOTABLE:  While  Kevin Love  finished with 18 points and 12 rebounds, he had a dismal start to the game. In the first three quarters, he scored only 5 points on 1-for-10 shooting. And on numerous ocassions, Love's frustration was apparent when  Kurt Rambis  pulled him out of the game. UP NEXT:  For the Wolves: Sunday @ Rockets, Tuesday @ Lakers, Wednesday @ Sacramento. For the Hawks: Sunday vs. Phoenix, Monday @ Orlando, Wednesday vs. Milwaukee. 
