  Notebook: Nets 83, Bobcats 74 Posted Friday March 9, 2012 10:56PM By Derek S. Smith, for NBA.com THE FACTS: Anthony Morrow  saved the best for last. The Charlotte native scored all 17 of his points in the fourth quarter to lift the New Jersey Nets to an 83-74 win over the Charlotte Bobcats Friday night at Time Warner Cable Arena.  Corey Maggette  scored 19 to pace the Charlotte Bobcats while  Kris Humphries  led all scorers with 20. QUOTABLE:  "I just came out to play my part. I'm glad I had the chance to come in late and do my thing and help this team. I knew when  Deron (Williams)  went down that might be my chance in this game."   -- Morrow on his performance THE STAT:  Rebounds. The Nets dominated the boards Friday night 56-43. Two Nets were in double figures for the night with Humphries picking up a game-best 15 while  Shelden Williams  added 13. New Jersey is 11-3 when outrebounding opponents on the season have won just three times when being outrebounded. TURNING POINT:  Scoring drought. The Nets defense played well in Charlotte and helped lift the team to victory. Charlotte was held to just two field goals in the final 5:25 of play. QUOTABLE II:  "We played hard out there. We could have hung our heads and said woe is me. But we didn't. Defensively we picked it up and played great tonight. We knew where we needed to step it up and were able to get a good win on the road."   -- New Jersey Nets coach  Avery Johnson HOT:  Humphries. The Nets power forward has notched double-doubles in three of his last four contests. Humphries had 20 points and 15 rebounds Friday, both of which were game highs. He added three blocks to his stat line and was 7-for-15 from the floor and 6-for-8 from the charity stripe. He's averaging 13.0 points and 11.3 rebounds in that four-game span. NOT:  Deron Williams. The Nets point guard left the game in the second quarter with a sore right calf and did not return. Williams will also most likely be sidelined for Saturday's home game against Houston. Williams had seven points and three assists which as a far cry from his 57-point output Sunday night in the same building. GOOD MOVE:  Coaching change. Charlotte coach  Paul Silas  handed over the on-floor coaching duties to his son/assistant coach Stephen Silas. The elder Silas announced the decision to the team just before tip-off. The change although not permanent is an opportunity for Paul Silas to give more opportunities to the person he thinks should succeed him when he retires and gave Stephen Silas a chance to showcase his coaching ability. ROOKIE WATCH: Bismack Biyombo  continues to play well for the Bobcats. The rookie from the Congo netted 11 points and 11 rebounds with two blocked shots. It was his fourth double-double of the season and the second in three games. Nets rookie  MarShon Brooks  had eight points in 30 minutes of action. NOTABLE:  The 74 points by Charlotte was the fewest allowed by the Nets this season ... This was the second time this season that New Jersey was consecutive games ...  Jordan Farmar  scored in double figures for the 20th time this season ... Humphries had his 17th double-double of the season ... Morrow had his 20th double figure scoring game ... Bobcats forward  Eduardo Najera  posted season highs of nine points, five rebounds and three steals ...  D.J. Augustin  handed out eight assists for the third straight game ... Maggette recorded his 13th straight game in double figures. He is averaging 18.6 points per game during that stretch and leads the team in scoring on the season. UP NEXT:  For the Nets, Saturday vs. Houston, Monday vs. Milwaukee and Wednesday vs. Toronto. For the Bobcats, Saturday @ Oklahoma City, Monday @ New Orleans and Wednesday @ Houston.  