  Kings-Warriors notebook   By Geoff Lepper, for NBA.com Posted Monday April 11, 2011 12:32AM THE FACTS: Marcus Thornton  scored 11 of his 21 points in the fourth quarter, including the Kings' last six, to finish off Sacramento's come-from-behind 104-103 victory against the Golden State Warriors on Sunday.  DeMarcus Cousins  had 15 points, 13 rebounds and five assists as the Kings came back from an eight-point deficit early in the fourth quarter. Sacramento claimed what may be the final installment of the NBA's Northern California rivalry despite committing 23 turnovers -- seven of them by Cousins.  Stephen Curry  had 27 points and eight assists for the Warriors, but was faked out of position by Thornton's crossover on the game's final bucket, a 22-footer by the Kings' emerging star that put Sacramento up four points with 12.6 seconds remaining. QUOTABLE:  "It was unusual (to win with 23 turnovers) ... but somehow we found a way. It's a good trait. It shows we have made a lot of progress from earlier in the year when we were finding a way to lose, it seemed like."   --  Kings coach  Paul Westphal. THE STAT:  Once again, the Warriors' defensive rebounding proved decisive -- in the wrong direction. Sacramento grabbed 15 offensive rebounds to Golden State's 24 defensive boards, and thus had four more second-chance points (19 to 15) even though they took 19 fewer shots than the Warriors. TURNING POINT:  Thornton's finishing kick started with 1:06 remaining when he drained a 20-footer in transition to put the Kings up 100-97. The play was ignited by  Beno Udrih , who came up with a critical steal after a one-handed, underhand sling pass from Curry was deflected into the air. HOT:  A 3-for-11 shooting start through three quarters meant Thornton had no chance of matching the career-high 42 points he dropped on the Warriors last month. But he still came alive when the Kings needed him most in the fourth quarter, going 4-for-6 from the field and 3-for-4 from the line. QUOTABLE II:  "Marcus Thornton was struggling -- until he wasn't anymore. He just made big play after big play for us."   --  Westphal. NOT: Monta Ellis  seemed out of sorts all night, going 1-for-7 through three quarters. Then came the worst part -- a tough fall after Sacramento big man DeMarcus Cousins tried to draw a charge in the final minute. Ellis came off the floor clearly dazed by the impact, and was too hurt to go back in the game to take his free throws. A team spokesman said Ellis was being taken to a local hospital after the contest to be checked out. He will miss the Warriors' game Monday in Denver. GOOD MOVE:  It wasn't a tough decision, but Westphal made the smart choice when Ellis' injury afforded him the opportunity to pick Golden State's free-throw shooter. Westphal tabbed  Lou Amundson , who came into the game shooting 38.6 percent from the line. Amundson obliged by missing one of two, leaving Sacramento up two with the ball. The Kings scored on both of their last two possessions to keep Golden State at arm's length the rest of the way. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Beno Udrih came off the bench to open the game, but Westphal rode him for all but 1:45 of the second half. The move paid off when Udrih came up with six points (on 3-for-5 shooting), five assists and two steals. INSIDE THE ARENA:  In a pre-game ceremony, Warriors guard Stephen Curry received his ring for winning the 2010 FIBA World Championships as part of the U.S. national team. ROOKIE WATCH:  Warriors backup guard  Jeremy Lin , pressed into action due to Ellis' struggles, responded with career-highs in assists and rebounds. He had four of each in 14 minutes of play. NOTABLE:  The Kings' 23 turnovers were tied for the team's third-highest total all season. The last time Sacramento committed that many miscues and still won was Nov. 3, 2006, when the Kings coughed the ball up 26 times in an 89-88 victory at Chicago. ... Warriors forward  Dorell Wright  set a career-best with six steals. UP NEXT:  For the Kings, Monday vs. Oklahoma City, Wednesday vs. Lakers. For the Warriors, Monday @ Denver, Wednesday vs. Portland  