Notebook: Bulls 95, Nets 78 
 
 
 Jake Appleman, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Dec 25, 2013 3:49 PM - Updated Wed Dec 25, 2013 3:49 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Nets opened up the NBA's Christmas slate with a dud performance for the second straight year, getting manhandled by the Chicago Bulls while finishing minus-16 in another lump-of-coal third quarter. 
 
 THE LEAD:  The Bulls (11-16) took the first meeting between the two teams since last season's first round playoff encounter by suffocating a Nets' offense confused without  Brook Lopez . The Nets (9-19) shot 2-for-15 in the second quarter and had no consistent solution to the Bulls' pressure after intermission. Between fast break points and second chance points, the Nets only registered one field goal, while 17 turnovers led to 20 points for the Bulls. Native Brooklynite  Taj Gibson  led the Bulls with 20 points and eight rebounds off the bench. Six Bulls scored in double figures.  
 
 THE STAT:  The Nets' bench shot 4-for-30 from the floor.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  Mirza Teletovic  (17 points) kept the Nets in the game early in the third quarter with a 10-point flurry but, with the Nets down two, he missed a 3-pointer to keep the offense humming and the Bulls finished the frame on a 25-8 tear.   
 
 INJURY UPDATE: Kirk Hinrich  (six points, four assists) and  Jimmy Butler  (15 points) returned to the lineup for the Bulls, both making significant contributions. ....   Andrei Kirilenko  (back spasms) did not play. Kirilenko is expected back soon.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We were able to lock into what they were doing."  - - Kirk Hinrich 
 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "Chicago's not a team that scores a lot of points and in that third quarter they scored 36."  
 -- Nets coach  Jason Kidd 
 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "I don't know if we will, but that's the plan."  
 --  Joe Johnson  on whether or not the Nets will turn their season around   
 
 
 NOTABLE:  In 20 minutes of action,  Reggie Evans  grabbed a season-high 13 rebounds. .... The Bulls almost had more steals (10) than the Nets did assists (11).  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Saturday vs. Dallas, Monday @ Memphis, Tuesday vs. Toronto. For the Nets, Friday vs. Milwaukee, Saturday @ Indiana, Tuesday @ San Antonio.  
