  Notebook: Suns 102, Warriors 91   By Mike Tulumello, for NBA.com  Posted Monday January 2, 2012 7:13PM THE FACTS:  The Phoenix Suns found their missing 3-point game Monday afternoon. And so, they found the win column, too. The Suns, shooting an anemic 26 percent from long range, resurrected their age-old weapon against the visiting Golden State Warriors in a 102-91 win. The Suns (2-3) hit 7-for-13 on 3-pointers in the second half, including a late trio by  Channing Frye,   Jared Dudley  and  Steve Nash  that broke open a close game. Nash, who had been off to a terrible start this season, played by far his best game. Nash, shrugged off a bothersome rib injury and put up 21 points, nine assists and just two turnovers. For the Warriors (2-3),  Monta Ellis  had 18 points and 11 assists but shot just 6-for-16. The Suns got a couple of breaks in that Warriors forward  David Lee  sat out with an illness and Warriors guard  Stephen Curry  was bogged down by foul trouble. After the game, the Suns waived young big man  Garret Siler . That reduces their roster to 13, including the recently acquired  Michael Redd , who is working his way into game shape and could play within the next week or two. QUOTABLE:  "I don't think anybody realizes how much he is hurting. But you know him, he's just going to compete..."   -- Suns coach  Alvin Gentry  on Nash. THE STAT:  The Suns had a whopping 16-7 margin on offensive rebounds, allowing them to get off 87 shots while the Warriors had just 72 shots. TURNING POINT:  The Suns, hanging on to an 83-80 lead with 5:40 left went on an 11-3 run to grab a decisive 94-83 margin with 2:25 to go. QUOTABLE II:  "You shoot 50 percent on the road, you should come out with a win. Put teams on the foul line, turn the ball over and give up 16 offensive rebounds, it's a recipe for disaster. I understand this is a process, but this is a 66-game season. We need to speed up the process."   -- Warriors coach  Mark Jackson . FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:   Ronnie Price  seems to have established himself as the Suns' backup point guard, ahead of  Sebastian Telfair . Not only is Price's defense ahead of Telfair's, he is averaging 6.2 points on 42 percent shooting plus 2.4 assists. With Nash's health always in question, Price figures to be important. ROOKIE WATCH:   Markieff Morris  might be the Suns' best draft pick since  Amar'e Stoudemire  in 2002. Morris had 16 points, nine boards and zero turnovers in 32 minutes He's scored in double digits in consecutive games. He is the first Suns' rookie to record two double-digit scoring games in his first five games since Stoudemire in October-November, 2002. For the season, he's averaging, 9.4 points and 5.4 rebounds. NOTABLE:  The Suns won their seventh straight vs. the Warriors and their 14th straight home win against them. All time, the Suns are 134-80 vs. the Warriors, which represents their most wins against any franchise. UP NEXT:  For the Warriors, Wednesday vs. Spurs, Friday @ Los Angeles Lakers , Saturday vs. Jazz. For the Suns, Wednesday @ Dallas, Friday vs. Trail Blazers and Sunday vs. Bucks.  