Notebook: Rockets 98, Magic 88 
 
 
 Matt Miller, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Mon Dec 09, 2013 12:09 AM - Updated Mon Dec 09, 2013 12:12 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Houston Rockets are the first team in the NBA this season to grab at least 50 rebounds on nine different occasions.  
 
 THE LEAD:  The Orlando Magic were hoping for off nights from the Rockets'  James Harden  and  Dwight Howard . Instead, they saw a duo who dictated the game and worked Orlando over on both ends of the court.   
 Harden finished with 27 points, a season-high-tying 10 assists and eight rebounds, to go with a solid defensive performance against Magic leading scorer  Arron Afflalo , to lead Houston to a 98-88 victory Sunday at Toyota Center. Howard (20 points, 22 boards, three blocks) celebrated his 28th birthday with his first 20-point, 20-rebound effort for the Rockets (15-7), who have won eight of their last nine home games and seven of nine overall.  
 
 Glen Davis  scored 18 points and snatched six rebounds to pace Orlando (6-14), which lost its fifth consecutive game while falling to 1-9 on the road this season. Afflalo chipped in 16 points and matched his season high of nine boards, but the seventh-year guard hit only six of 17 shot attempts. Afflalo's ineffectiveness took its toll on the Magic offense. Orlando shot just 34.4 percent (32-for-93) as a team, including 8-for-29 from 3-point range.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I wanted to just make a conscious effort to stay locked in when I was guarding [Afflalo]. The last couple of games, I've just really been trying to lock in on the defensive end. ... The intensity that I bring on defense is going to rally my team together, so it's my job as a leader to go out there and do it." 
 
 -- Harden on shifting his focus to becoming a consistent defensive presence 
 
 
 THE STAT:  With starting center  Nikola Pekovic  (10.9 rpg) sidelined for the third consecutive game, the Magic simply lacked the brawn to contend with Howard and his fellow Rockets on the boards. Houston finished with a 60-43 rebounding edge, dropping Orlando to 0-9 this season when its opponent pulls down more rebounds.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Magic survived the Rockets' red-hot 3-point shooting in the first quarter and cut their deficit to 28-25 behind a 7-0 run at the start of the second period. But, as was the case in the first, Orlando's inability to finish at the hoop led to its demise. The Magic missed five layups over the following five minutes as Houston extended its lead back to double-digits. Orlando never truly threatened again after the string of misses, fading early in the second half before a late-game spurt made the final score appear respectable.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We started getting more stops, and we just kind of let the game come to us. ... Once we got that down, I think the game started flowing a little bit better for us." 
 
 -- Rockets forward  Terrence Jones 
 
 
 HOT:  Houston, which began the contest 1-for-6 from the field, snapped out of its early-game funk in impressive fashion by relying on the 3-point shot. The Rockets buried seven of eight attempts from behind the arc in a four-and-half-minute span to quickly transform a 9-4 deficit into a 25-12 advantage. Four of Houston's five starters -- Harden, Jones,  Chandler Parsons  and  Patrick Beverley  -- contributed to the onslaught of treys.  
 
 HOT II:  Howard is the first Rocket to snatch at least 18 rebounds in three consecutive games since  Ralph Sampson  in 1985-86. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "Dwight is, call it what you want, he's still the best big man in the league. Mostly, that's defensively. He's so smart defensively, and everybody talks about his offensive game, but his defensive game is what makes him so special." 
 
 -- Magic guard  Jameer Nelson 
 
 
 NOT:  The Rockets might have blown this game open sooner had they not struggled so mightily at the free-throw line during the first half. Houston misfired on 10 of its first 17 attempts at the charity stripe before concluding the second quarter 3-for-3. Orlando's foul shooting in the opening 24 minutes was not much better, as it went 9-for-16 (56.3 percent).  
 
 GOOD MOVE:  The Rockets shared the ball exceptionally in certain stretches, assisting on 14 of their first 17 baskets. With the ball constantly darting around the half-court, Orlando's defenders were scrambling for a majority of the night to simultaneously limit Harden and Parsons' dribble penetration and Houston's perimeter-shooting threats.  
 
 BAD MOVE:  The Magic began the evening with an aggressive mindset and attacked the rim, jumping out to a 9-2 lead. But Orlando became easily discouraged when it failed to convert on several layup attempts during the closing minutes of the first quarter, and the frustration created offensive dysfunction as the game progressed. After dishing out three assists in the opening four minutes, the Magic handed out only three dimes for the remainder of the first half and shot 19-for-44 (43.2 percent) from inside the paint for the game.  
 
 QUOTABLE IV:  "I felt like it was a little false sense of security, because they were missing shots early on, and they turned the ball over a couple times. ... So when we got the lead, it kind of felt like we relaxed a bit. When they delivered that punch, we didn't do a good job of taking it." 
 
 -- Nelson 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  Houston coach  Kevin McHale  revealed that reserve guard  Jeremy Lin , who sat out for the sixth straight game Sunday, is nearing his return to the Rockets' lineup. McHale said he thinks Lin will be available as soon as Thursday's tilt with the Trail Blazers in Portland. "I think he'll play Thursday," McHale said. "The plan has been that all along. ... He seems to be running [more fluidly]. He ran pretty hard today and the day before."... Vucevic missed his third consecutive contest with a left ankle sprain. He is still listed as day-to-day, and Orlando coach  Jacque Vaughn  declined to elaborate on Vucevic's status during his pregame meeting with the media. ... Nelson appeared in his 600th career game. ... Houston has limited its last two opponents to a combined 59-for-169 (34.9 percent) from the field. ... Houston's 60-rebound effort was the club's first 60-rebound performance since it pulled down exactly 60 against the Lakers on Nov. 15, 2009. ... The Rockets improved to 7-0 all-time when Harden reaches 20 points and 10 assists. ... The Magic have lost their last three meetings with Houston. ... The Rockets improved to 31-6 at Toyota Center in December since 2008.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Magic: Monday @ Memphis, Wednesday @ Charlotte, Friday vs. Cleveland. For the Rockets: Thursday @ Portland, Friday @ Golden State, Sunday @ Sacramento.  
