  Pistons-Bobcats notebook   By Derek S. Smith, for NBA.com Posted Monday April 11, 2011 12:04AM THE FACTS:   Rodney Stuckey  scored 24 points off the bench and added 11 assists as the Detroit Pistons picked up a 112-101 come-from-behind victory over the Charlotte Bobcats at Time Warner Cable Arena Sunday night. Detroit earned its third straight win while the Bobcats dropped its sixth consecutive game.  Gerald Henderson  led the Bobcats with 21 points. QUOTABLE:  "We came out in the second quarter and we got ourselves back in the game. When the third quarter rolled around we just came out and got stops and some easy baskets and that gave us the lead."   -- Detroit guard  Rodney Stuckey THE STAT:  Bench Points. The Detroit bench ruled the day at Time Warner Cable Arena. The Pistons reserves scored 68 points and supplied the team's two leading scorers for the game in  Stuckey and  Charlie Villanueva . On the other end of the court, the Bobcats reserves accounted for just 17 points. TURNING POINT:  Third quarter outburst. Detroit took the game over from Charlotte midway through the third quarter on a 13-2 run and never looked back.  Richard Hamilton  began the run with a 15-foot jumper with 5:55 to play and  Tayshaun Prince  finished on a 19-foot jumper assisted by Hamilton. The run gave the Pistons an eight-point edge and all the momentum they would need. QUOTABLE II:  "Our second unit gave us a lot more energy. I thought Rodney Stuckey did a great job. Our bench played extremely well tonight. We looked like a totally different team with them out there. Our energy really picked up."   -- Detroit head coach  John Kuester HOT:  Stuckey. The reserve guard for the Pistons came off the bench to torch the Bobcats for 24 points. He was 8-for-18 from the floor and also added a pair of threes and made six of his eight free throw attempts. Stuckey also assisted on 11 baskets and added a steal and a block. Stuckey is averaging 22.7 points and 8.3 assists in his last three games which have all been Pistons victories. NOT:  Charlotte free throws. The Bobcats were an abysmal 9-for-20 from the charity stripe Sunday night including going 0-5 in the third quarter.  Kwame Brown  was 1-for-6 from the line while  D.J. White  was just 1-for-3 and  D.J. Augustin , who ranks in the top 5 in the league, missed his lone attempt. ROOKIE WATCH:   Greg Monroe  was the lone rookie to see any action on Sunday night in Charlotte. The Pistons rookie scored 10 points and grabbed nine rebounds in the start. He also added four assists and a blocked shot. Monroe has scored in double figures in each of the last five games and grabbed at least eight boards in the last four outings. NOTABLE:  Detroit outscored Charlotte 87-61 in the final three periods. The Pistons outrebounded Charlotte 39-29. The Pistons are 24-14 when hitting the century mark. The double-double by    Stuckey was his fifth of the season, and it was the 16th time he's led the team in scoring. Charlotte tied a season-high in points for a quarter with 40 in the opening 12 minutes. They also set a franchise record with 17 field goals in the same period.  D.J. Augustin  set a franchise mark with nine assists in the first quarter and finished with a career-best 14 assists.  Gerald Henderson  recorded double-figure scoring for the 11th in the last 12 outings.  Kwame Brown  had double digits for the fourth straight game and the eighth time in his last 10. UP NEXT:  For the Pistons Monday vs. Cleveland, Wednesday @ Philadelphia. For the Bobcats, Monday @ New Jersey, Wednesday vs. Atlanta.  