
 Clippers-Suns notebook   By Jonathan Dalton, for NBA.com Posted Saturday April 2, 2011 1:34AM THE FACTS:   Grant Hill  scored 19 points to lead a half-dozen Phoenix players in double figures and the Suns routed the Los Angeles Clippers 111-98 on Friday night. Hakim Warrick  came off the bench to score 17 and  Jared Dudley  added 16 for the Suns, who snapped a four-game losing streak and kept pace -- albeit distantly -- with the Memphis Grizzlies for the Western Conference's final playoff spot. Phoenix trails the Grizzlies by 5.5 games, five in the loss column, with seven games to play. Eric Gordon  had 21 points and  Blake Griffin  added 20 for the Clippers, who have dropped two straight. Los Angeles has lost 11 of the past 12 games against the Suns and eight straight in Phoenix dating back nearly four years. The Suns were without  Steve Nash , who was scratched 40 minutes before the tip with flu-like symptons. QUOTABLE:  "It felt good to finally get a win, my first one as a starter."   - Suns guard  Aaron Brooks . THE STAT:  The Suns victory was their first without Nash since February 23, 2010. Nash had missed four previous games this season, all Phoenix losses. TURNING POINT:   Zabian Dowdell  scored eight points, four more than his season average, to lead a 19-7 run that allowed Phoenix to convert a two-point lead midway through the second to a 57-41 advantage with 27.6 seconds to go in the first half. The Clippers wouldn't get any closer than 14 points until  Brian Cook's  fast break dunk with 18.6 seconds to play. QUOTABLE II:  "The beginning of the first quarter we did alright and hit some shots and then it kind of went downhill from there."    - Griffin. HOT:  The Suns' reserves shot 16-of-29 from the field, outscoring the Clippers bench 45-42 even with Brooks taking Nash's spot in the starting lineup. NOT:  Griffin notched his 58th double-double of the season, adding 13 rebounds to go with his 20 points, despite a terrible shooting night. He connected on only 6-of-15 field-goal attempts and only one that wasn't a dunk, a 6-foot bank shot two minutes into the game. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:   Marcin Gortat  skipped the morning shootaround with flu-like symptoms but still posted his 20th double-double of the season with 10 points and 11 boards. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Academy Award winner  Cuba Gooding Jr.  had courtside seats and yelled an obligatory "Show me the money" to the crowd. NOTABLE:  A virus was in the air, so to speak. In addition to Nash and Gortat, Clippers center  Chris Kaman  missed the game with flu-like symptoms. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Saturday vs. Oklahoma City, Tuesday @ Memphis, Wednesday @ Oklahoma City. For the Suns, Sunday @ San Antonio, Tuesday @ Chicago, Wednesday @ Minnesota. 
