  Notebook: Magic 102, Bobcats 95 Posted Wednesday April 25, 2012 11:36PM By Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com THE FACTS:   J.J. Redick's  career-high 31 points helped the Orlando Magic clinch the sixth seed in the Eastern Conference playoffs with a 102-95 victory over the Charlotte Bobcats. The loss was the 22nd straight for Bobcats, the fifth-longest losing streak in NBA history. Charlotte was down by only six points midway through the fourth quarter when Redick made two straight 3-pointers to push Orlando's lead back to double figures. Ryan Anderson  had 24 points and 13 rebounds for the Magic, who will play the Indiana Pacers in the first round. D.J. Augustin  scored 23 points for the Bobcats, who will finish with the worst record in NBA history if they lose their season finale Thursday night against the New York Knicks. QUOTABLE:  "I think everything is settled right now. (The Knicks) have their spot and Orlando has their spot so New York . . . we'll see who they play. If we play the way we did tonight, I think we have a chance."   -- Bobcats coach  Paul Silas THE STAT:  Magic point guard  Jameer Nelson  was one rebound and one assists short of a triple-double when he fouled out with 2:42 let in the game. QUOTABLE II:  "I told my team: 'If that's what it takes for us to win, I'll foul out every game."   --  Nelson TURNING POINT:  Once up by 17, the Magic were clinging to a six-point lead in the fourth quarter and an ankle injury had taken starting center  Glen Davis  out of the game. Redick nailed a 3-pointer, then hit another one 34 seconds later. QUOTABLE III:  "I think you have to give them some credit for playing hard. I think we played hard, too; that's what I felt on the court. They did, too. They didn't lay down."  --    Redick HOT:  Redick connected on 6-of-10 3-point shots and all seven of his free throws. NOT:  While leading the Bobcats with nine rebounds, guard  Kemba Walker  shot 2-for-11. ROOKIE WATCH:  Bobcats center  Bismack Biyombo , who had solid games against the Magic in their last two meetings, got in early could trouble and was no factor, finishing with five points and eight rebounds. He did block three shots, marking the eighth straight game in which he has blocked two or more. ... Orlando center  Daniel Orton , pressed into service by injuries to  Dwight Howard  and  Glen Davis , had eight points and two rebounds in 22 minutes. NOTABLE:  With a loss Thursday night, the Bobcats would finish 7-59 for a percentage of .106. The Philadelphia 76ers of 1972-73 went 9-73 for a .109 percentage. ...  Derrick Brown , who scored 16 points for the Bobcats, injured his ankle and is doubtful for the finale. ... Davis, who went to the Magic locker room with an ankle injury in the first quarter, was walking after the game, but is unlikely to play Thursday night at Memphis. UP NEXT:  For the Bobcats, Thursday vs. New York. For the Magic, Thursday @ Memphis.  