Notebook: Mavericks 89, Bobcats 82 
 
 
 Micah Powell, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Dec 04, 2013 12:53 AM - Updated Wed Dec 04, 2013 12:53 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  With the victory, Dallas improved to 17-1 all time against Charlotte. 
 
 THE LEAD:   Dirk Nowitzki  and  Monta Ellis  combined to score 24 of Dallas' 29 points in the fourth quarter to lead the Mavericks to an 89-82 come-from-behind win over Charlotte on  Tuesday at the American Airlines Center. 
 Trailing 67-57 late in the third quarter, Dallas (11-8) rattled off a 19-8 run bridging the fourth quarter to take a 76-75 lead midway through the fourth quarter. After an  Al Jefferson  layup, Nowitzki was fouled by  Josh McRoberts , who then earned a technical foul. Nowitzki hit the free throw to spark an 8-0 lead to put the game out of Charlotte's (8-11) reach. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "[Nowitzki and Ellis] did a great job scoring the ball down the stretch ... You want the best players touching the ball as much as possible. Chances are they're going to get shots. We were fortunate." 
 
 -- Mavericks coach  Rick Carlisle 
 
 
 THE STAT:  It was a tale of two halves for Nowitzki, who had four points on 1-for-10 shooting in the first half before exploding for 21 in the second, including a 14-point outburst in the fourth quarter. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  After Charlotte jumped out to a 54-42 lead early in the third quarter, Nowitzki found his touch by scoring 21 points in the final 19 minutes of the game, including a run in the fourth in which he scored 11 of Dallas' 13 points to take the lead. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I don't know if I was bending my knees enough in the first half. I thought I had some good looks but something was a little off. I was getting the ball up enough and so at halftime I went out a little early and focused myself to really bend the knees and get a little lift on the jumper and that got my legs going." 
 
 -- Nowitzki  
 
 
 HOT:  Nowitzki and Ellis combined to shoot 9-for-16 from the floor in the fourth quarter. 
 
 NOT:  Both teams struggled to find a groove in the first quarter, combining to shoot 11-for-40 from the field.  
 
 NOTABLE:  Dallas' 39 first-half points were its fewest of the season and seven lower than its previous total. ...  Michael Kidd-Gilchrist  broke his left hand in the third quarter and will be reevaluated on Wednesday. ... Charlotte has never beaten the Mavericks on the road, dropping all nine of the meetings at the American Airlines Center. ... Dallas held the Bobcats to just three first quarter field goals, the fewest it has allowed in any quarter since allowing three to the Lakers on March 11, 2007. ...  Jose Calderon  (bruised right ankle) returned from a one-game absence and scored 12 points. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Mavericks, Wednesday @ New Orleans, Saturday @ Portland, Monday @ Sacramento. For the Bobcats, Friday vs. Philadelphia, Monday vs. Golden State, Wednesday vs. Orlando. 
