  Notebook: Clippers 107, Hornets 98 Posted Monday April 23, 2012 1:18AM By Dan Arritt, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The Clippers didn't quite upstage the Lakers in their electrifying comeback earlier in the day at Staples Center, but they pulled the rug from under the Hornets just the same, following Most Valuable Player candidate  Chris Paul  to a 107-98 victory Sunday night in their final home game of the regular season. QUOTABLE:  "I'd rather have a championship than MVP any day."   -- Paul THE STAT:  Paul, playing against his former team, finished with 33 points, 13 assists and a season-high eight steals. He had 13 points, four assists and five steals in the fourth quarter, when the Clippers outscored New Orleans, 33-14. Paul is the first player on the Clippers to have at least eight steals in a game since  Malik Sealy  in March 1997. TURNING POINT:  Trailing by 13 points with just over 11 minutes remaining, the Clippers began chipping away.  Randy Foye  made back-to-back 3-pointers to cut the deficit to one and Paul gave the Clippers the lead for good by making three free throws with 3:12 remaining. Just for comparison, the Lakers trailed by 17 points with 10 1/2 minutes remaining earlier in the day against the visiting Thunder before winning in double overtime and maintaining their half-game edge over the Clippers in the Pacific Division. HOT:  Foye shot 6-for-12 from beyond the 3-point stripe, including 3-for-4 in the final quarter, and scored 24 points. Foye has made five or more 3-pointers in four of the last 14 games. Foye has hit at least one 3-pointer in 21 straight games, the second-longest streak in the NBA.  Jameer Nelson  of Orlando came into the day with the longest active streak at 33 games, but played just two minutes in a loss to the Nuggets before leaving with a calf injury. NOT:  Clippers reserve guard  Mo Williams  was on the opposite end of the thermostat. He shot 3-for-13, including 0-for-5 from 3-point range, and finished with nine points. Take away Foye's shooting and the Clippers were 1-for-16 on 3-pointers. GOOD MOVE:  During the decisive fourth-quarter run, Paul stole the ball from  Greivis Vasquez  in the backcourt. While in a sitting position near the free-throw line, he threw a two-handed pass back over his head to a cutting  Eric Bledsoe , who slammed the ball through the hoop to cut the deficit to 89-82 with 6:09 remaining. BAD MOVE:  Clippers reserve forward  Reggie Evans  probably won't win an Academy Award for his flop late in the game after taking an elbow from Vasquez at midcourt. As Evans laid flat on his back, Vasquez was originally given a Flagrant 2 foul, but after the officials reviewed the video and Evans' acting job, they took away the flagrant and just gave Vasquez a personal foul, which was his sixth. QUOTABLE II:  "Our effort, our energy, our attitude and our intensity were not good for about 40 minutes and then in the last eight minutes or so, Reggie {Evans] came in and gave us a huge boost, Eric Bledsoe picked it up and Randy Foye made some huge shots. Obviously, Chris [Paul] was all over the place and causing havoc."   -- Clippers coach  Vinny Del Negro . NOTABLE:  Clippers starting small forward  Caron Butler  left the game in the first half with a hip contusion after colliding with a courtside cameraman.  Nick Young  also did not play due to flu-like symptoms. ... The Clippers took a season-high 43 free throws and made a season-best 34. ... In his first game against the Clippers since he was traded to New Orleans in the Paul deal,  Eric Gordon  scored 17 points on 4-for-13 shooting and committed a team-high six turnovers. ... New Orleans came into the game having allowed opponents to score 30 or more points in a quarter just 29 times. The Clippers scored 32 points in the first quarter and 33 in the fourth. ...  Marco Bellini  went 0-for-3 from 3-point range, ending a streak of 15 straight games with at least one 3-pointer. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Tuesday @ Atlanta, Wednesday @ New York. For the Hornets, Tuesday @ Golden State, Thursday @ Houston.  