Notebook: Lakers 99, Nets 94 
 
 
 Jake Appleman, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Nov 27, 2013 11:21 PM - Updated Wed Nov 27, 2013 11:21 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Nets did not lead in their fourth consecutive loss at Barclays Center, falling to the Lakers 99-94.  
 
 THE LEAD:  The Lakers opened the game by sinking three consecutive 3-pointers and  Nick Young  (26 points) scored nine straight points to end the first quarter. The two runs staked the Lakers to a 34-18 lead that proved to be enough cushion to hold off the Nets. A career night from  Mirza Teletovic  (17 points, 5 rebounds) wasn't enough for the Nets, whose three primary perimeter threats ( Paul Pierce ,  Joe Johnson  and  Alan Anderson ) combined to shoot 15-for-49 in what -- with both teams on the second night of a back-to-back after a loss --  Kevin Garnett  described as a "gutter game."  
  The Lakers led by as 27, but the Nets twice missed shots to tie the game late -- a Garnett top-of-the-key jumper and a Pierce 3-pointer with time winding down.  Pau Gasol  chipped in 21 points and 8 rebounds for the Lakers.  
 
 THE STAT:  In leading the Lakers bench to 52 points, Young and former Net  Jordan Farmar  shot a combined 9-for-13 from behind the arc. 
 
 TURNING POINT:   Wesley Johnson  picked off a Pierce pass and raced the other way for a dunk to give the Lakers a 94-92 with 1:33 remaining.  
 
 INJURY UPDATE:   Andray Blatche  came up limping after getting fouled late in the third quarter. Blatche did not play in the fourth quarter, but said he felt fine after the game. .... Young sprained his finger late in the game when Pierce smacked his left hand. X-Rays were negative.   
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:   Mason Plumlee  made his presence felt by blocking four shots in just under 21 minutes of action. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "Don't eat too much turkey tomorrow and get a win on Friday." 
 -- Young, on the win heading into the holiday 
 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "Usually when you turn it off a little bit, it's hard to turn it back on. I thought Nick Young hit some huge shots. He played really well to kind of get us out of our funk. Jordan Farmar was good the whole game." 
 -- Lakers coach  Mike D'Antoni    
 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "Obviously, we've been hit with some early dilemmas, but no excuses." 
 -- Garnett  
 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:   Wesley Johnson  brought the Lakers fans in attendance to their feet with a powerful reverse dunk off of a backdoor cut. .... "Let's go Lakers!" chant late in the first quarter.  Nets fans made themselves heard later on.  .... Members of New Zealand All Blacks rugby club attended the game.  
 
 NOTABLE:  Pierce did not score in the first half. .... The Nets sank one of their final nine shots from the floor and turned the ball over three times in the game's final 3:40.   
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Friday @ Detroit, Sunday vs. Portland, next Friday @ Sacramento. For the Nets, Friday @ Houston, Saturday @ Memphis, Tuesday vs. Denver.  
