  Cavaliers-Timberwolves notebook Posted Saturday December 4, 2010 11:33PM THE FACTS:  Kevin Love  is starting to make huge games look routine. He scored 28 points, grabbed 19 rebounds, and made all five of his 3-point shots in only three quarters of play as the Minnesota Timberwolves used torrid 3-point shooting to blow out the Cleveland Cavaliers, 129-95. QUOTABLE:  "I thought our guys did a really good job of executing our game plan defensively, moving the ball offensively. When you play the kind of defense with the numbers that we had in this game, and shoot the way that we shot, you're pretty tough to beat."  -- Minnesota coach,  Kurt Rambis THE STAT:  Minnesota was 11-for-12 from beyond in the arc in the first half, with their lone miss a half court heave by  Corey Brewer , and even that shot nearly went in. They finished the game with 18 makes from beyond the arc. Minnesota's 3-point barrage set franchise records for number of '3's in a half (previous mark: 10) and number of 'threes' in a game (previous mark: 14). TURNING POINT:  Minnesota took control of this game from the opening tip. They never trailed and led by as much as 40 on their way to their fourth largest margin of victory in franchise history. ROOKIE WATCH:  Minnesota rookie,  Wes Johnson , scored 20 points and grabbed 6 rebounds in three quarters of play. He shot 8-for-9 from the field and was 3-for-4 from beyond the arc. QUOTABLE II : "We see him, further down the road, of being a versatile player that can play all over the floor. Pull-up games, posting up, driving to the basket, getting a lot more free throws than he's getting, shooting the basketball and being a very, very good defensive player that can possibly defend two or three positions in this league. That's obviously down the road, but the kid has a lot of potential." --  Rambis on Wes Johnson NOTABLE:  The Cavaliers not only had to deal with the aftermath of the defeat by Miami and LeBron on Thursday, they had to deal with having two of their starters ( J. J. Hickson  and  Joey Graham ) out of the lineup due to flu-like symptoms. The Cavaliers depleted starting lineup only managed 34 points compared to 85 points for the Wolves starting five, a number they achieved in only three quarters of play.. UP NEXT:  For the Wolves, Monday @ New York, Wednesday vs. Oklahoma City, Friday vs. Detroit. For the Cavaliers, Sunday @ Detroit, Tuesday @ Philadelphia, Wednesday vs. Chicago.  