  Notebook: Nuggets 131, Wolves 103 Posted Friday April 27, 2012 12:03AM By Phil Miller, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The Denver Nuggets clinched the sixth seed in the Western Conference with ease on Thursday, making 63 percent of their shots and roaring to a 131-103 victory over the Minnesota Timberwolves in Minneapolis. The Nuggets, who have never missed the postseason in  George Karl 's eight seasons as coach, will open the postseason Sunday in Los Angeles against the Lakers, who have won all six previous playoff series between the teams. JaVale McGee  scored 19 points, one of seven Nuggets with at least a dozen, and Denver, the NBA's highest-scoring team, piled up 80 points in the paint against a hapless Minnesota defense. Denver went on a 16-2 second-quarter run to turn the game into a blowout, then spent the rest of the night taking turns making layups, finally finishing with a season-high point total. J.J. Barea  scored 20 points for the Wolves, who suffered their most lopsided loss of the season and closed the year by losing 13 of their last 14 games.  Nikola Pekovic  scored 18 points and, by making 56.4 percent of his shots this season, set a new franchise record for field-goal percentage, easily outdoing Kevin Garnett's Wolves-record 52.6 percent mark set in 2005-06. The game was an emotional one for Minnesota center  Brad Miller , who sobbed on the Minnesota bench after being removed with 5:09 remaining in the final game of his 14-year career. Miller, a two-time All-Star, announced his retirement last month. QUOTABLE:  "Did anybody pick us higher than sixth? I don't recall anyone picking us to make the playoffs."    -- Denver coach George Karl, saying he was "satisfied" with the Nuggets sixth-place finish in the Western Conference. THE STAT:  52-65-65-71: Denver's shooting percentage by quarter, reflecting the Wolves' defensive intensity. The Nuggets set a new season-high with 62.9 percent shooting for the game TURNING POINT:  The Nuggets led by only four entering the second quarter, when coach George Karl chose to use a big lineup with two 7-footers, JaVale McGee and  Kosta Koufos , at the same time. The pair overwhelmed Minnesota's defense, with McGee getting free for dunk after dunk. McGee outscored the Wolves 8-4 by himself over the first four minutes of the period, ballooning the lead to double digits for good. QUOTABLE II:  "[Bleep] no."    -- Wolves center Brad Miller, tearful as he was taken out of the game and again in the locker room, asked if the emotion of the moment had made him reconsider his decision to retire after 14 seasons. HOT:  JaVale McGee made 9-for-12 shots, each figure a new high-mark since being traded to Denver in March, and led the Nuggets with 19 points. The former Wizard made 67.5 percent of his shots over the last 10 games, eight of them Denver victories. NOT:   Derrick Williams ' rookie season ended with a whimper, as the Wolves' forward averaged only 5.9 points (on 20.0 percent shooting) since April 12. He was 1-for-6 in the Timberwolves' finale. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Former Miss Universe  Zuleyka Rivera  was in the third row across from the Wolves' bench, holding her two-month-old son  Sebastian , their first appearance at a game since his birth. Rivera, a former Miss Puerto Rico, is married to Minnesota guard J.J. Barea. ROOKIE WATCH:   Kenneth Faried 's energy on the floor anchored a pesky Denver defense, and the rookie from Morehead State closed a promising rookie season with 15 points, seven rebounds and three assists. NOTABLE:  Brad Miller launched a 3-pointer from straight away with 7:18 remaining in the game, and when it went, he kissed his shooting hand and raised it aloft. It was the 9,724th and final point of Miller's 14-year career. When he was removed from the game a few minutes later, after recording two more of his four assists, Miller wept on the Wolves' bench as each of his teammates, and finally coach  Rick Adelman , hugged him. Miller, who was never drafted out of Purdue but went on to make two All-Star teams, announced his retirement last month. As a tribute, most of his Timberwolves teammates wore Miller's trademark headband during the game. ... Nuggets coach George Karl benched forward  Al Harrington  for the season's final game, in order to rest his strained right knee for the playoffs. ... The Wolves were without starters  Luke Ridnour  (sprained ankle),  Kevin Love  (concussion) and  Ricky Rubio  (knee surgery) for the seventh straight game. ... Minnesota finished 1-12 in April, and 0-7 at home. Since April 9, 2006, the Wolves have gone 1-28 at Target Center in April. ... Adelman confirmed he will return for a second season as the Timberwolves' coach, though he admitted this season was "a grind," moreso than he expected. "I enjoyed the first 45 games. Before I knew it, I wasn't enjoying it," he said. "It really was hard. The last three weeks have been very difficult. Usually, you feel like if you do these certain things, you have a shot to win. But these three weeks, no matter what we did, it felt like we were behind the eight ball the whole time." The Timberwolves must be aggressive in trying to improve their team this summer, he said -- "Really, we're a piece or two from being in the mix," he said -- and he expects to have a voice in those changes. "When I took the job, we agreed that we will talk through everything we do," he said. UP NEXT:  For the Nuggets, Sunday at L.A. Lakers; rest of playoffs TBA. For the Timberwolves, end of season.  