  Bobcats-Pacers notebook   By John Oehser, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday February 9, 2011 10:40PM THE FACTS: Roy Hibbert  continued his recent surge, scoring 29 points and leading the Indiana Pacers to a 104-103 victory over the Charlotte Bobcats on Wednesday. Hibbert, who shot 12-for-19 and had 10 rebounds, led four players in double-digit scoring for the Pacers, who continued to show improvement under new coach  Frank Vogel . Danny Granger  had 25 points for Indiana, and point guard  Darren Collison  had 15.  Josh McRoberts  also added 12 points, including the game-winning tip-in with 1:21 remaining. Stephen Jackson  had 27 points for Charlotte, which has lost five of its last seven games. The game ended in dramatic fashion, with the Bobcats having outscored Indiana 33-23 in the fourth quarter to pull to within the final margin. Jackson went up for a 3-pointer just before the buzzer sounded, and there was contact from Collison but no foul was called. The 29 points tied a career-high for Hibbert. QUOTABLE:  "Don't ask me that question -- I don't like to lie. I'm trying to give a politically correct answer.''    -- Collison on whether or not he fouled Jackson in the final seconds THE STAT:  The victory moved Indiana into eighth place in the Eastern Conference. The Pacers are now 22-28 while the Bobcats are 22-30. TURNING POINT:  It came early. After the Pacers spotted the Bobcats nearly a double-digit lead, Indiana took control and gradually pulled away in the first half. The Bobcats led early, 10-2, but Indiana outscored Charlotte 41-25 over he next 13 minutes, with Granger playing solidly and Indiana playing quick, aggressive defense. The Bobcats rallied, but never led after the first quarter. QUOTABLE II:  "I just went up for the shot and didn't get the ball -- gotta live with it, gotta live with it."    -- Jackson HOT:  As a team, it continues to be the Pacers. Since Vogel took over as the Pacers' coach, the talk around Indiana has been of a new approach and a playoff run. Indiana's victory Wednesday was its fifth in six games under Vogel, with the only loss coming in a competitive loss at Miami on Tuesday. The Pacers are in no way anything close to being assured of a playoff berth, but the improvement overall under Vogel has been marked. NOT:  Pacers forward  Tyler Hansbrough  shot just 1-for-5 in relatively limited minutes and while Bobcats guard  D.J. Augustin  finished with 14 points, he struggled at times from the field, finishing 4-for-13 from the field. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Hibbert has flourished in the middle for the Pacers since Vogel took over, and on Wednesday he was integral to the Pacers in the first half. In that half, he had 14 points, five rebounds and a blocked shot and generally showed the overall solid play with which he played through the first few weeks of the season. He finished with 15 second-half points and continued to be a presence defensively. GOOD MOVE:  This wasn't a coaching move, necessarily, but in the first half, McRoberts had an alley-oop dunk off a pass from point guard  A.J. Price  that was impressive in its athleticism and aggressiveness. Vogel said upon taking over that he thought the power forward position could be a strength with a combination of McRoberts and Hansbrough. In two weeks since, the two have played the majority of minutes at the spot and have brought an excitement, energy and aggressiveness. He finished with 12 points and seven assists. ROOKIE WATCH:  Pacers rookie  Paul George  continues to provide vivid evidence why the team selected him in the first round last summer. He has shown signs of being a natural scorer, and is potent from 3-point range. He also has proven to be able to finish around the basket, and against the Bobcats he had a nice finish on a fastbreak as the Pacers held an early lead in the first half. He finished with seven points and two assists. NOTABLE:  McRoberts' seven assists were a career-high. ... The Pacers' 22-28 record through 50 games is four better than at the same point last season. ... Indiana has won a season-high four consecutive games at home. ... Indiana shot 45.5 percent -- 5-for-11 -- from 3-point range. ... Charlotte had nine steals, including five during the fourth-quarter rally. UP NEXT:  For the Bobcats, Friday vs. New Jersey, Saturday @ Atlanta, Monday vs. Los Angeles Lakers. For the Pacers, Friday vs. Minnesota, Saturday @ Milwaukee, Tuesday vs. Miami.  