  Rockets-Clippers notebook   By Bryan Chu, for NBA.com Posted Thursday March 3, 2011 2:06AM THE FACTS:  Welcome back,  Eric Gordon . After missing more than five weeks with a right wrist fracture, Gordon helped the his team snap a five-game losing streak as the Clippers pulled out a 106-103 victory against the Rockets Wednesday at Staples Center. For the first time since the third game of the season, the Clippers are healthy and it showed. Gordon shared game-high honors with 24 points and scored nine of the final 15 points for Los Angeles. When Gordon was out of the lineup, the Clippers (22-40) went 4-14. The Clippers frontline had a monster game.  Blake Griffin  posted 20 points and 14 rebounds,  DeAndre Jordan  added eight and 16 and  Chris Kaman  had his best game since he returned from injury with 21 points and nine rebounds. The Rockets (31-32), who had their five-game winning streak snapped, came up short in their fourth game in five days. In the loss,  Kyle Lowry  tallied 24 points and dished out 11 assists.  Courtney Lee  was huge off the bench with 18 points. Houston did have its chance down the stretch. The Rockets tied the game at 91-91, but the Clippers had key baskets down the stretch and converted 10-for-11 from the charity stripe in the final five minutes of play. The Rockets had an opportunity to tie the game down 106-103 with 7.9 seconds. Lowry tried to hoist up the game-tying 3-pointer, but Griffin forced Lowry to pass the ball in midair to  Chase Budinger . With  Jamario Moon 's hand in his face, Budinger had his attempt from the right wing go long. To start the game, the Clippers jumped out to a 12-4 lead, but the Rockets trimmed the deficit and trailed 23-21 at the end of the first quarter. The Rockets used a 15-2 run to go up 41-32, but  Mo Williams , who finished with 17 points and 11 assists, single-handedly tried to bring the Clippers back. On the five of the next six Clipper field goals, Williams dished out four assists, which included alley-oops to Jordan, Griffin and Moon, and Williams hit a pair of jumpers to trim the deficit to 51-49. QUOTABLE:  "We're just trying to finish out this season strong. We're trying to build chemistry with these new guys...My hand is sore, and it's going to be sore for awhile. It can only get better. I just try not to worry about it."   -- Eric Gordon on being back and the current stat of his wrist. THE STAT:  19-3 -- The Clippers outscored the Rockets in 7:39 of play at the end of the third quarter and start of the fourth. QUOTABLE II:  "Third quarter, I thought, really hurt us. We couldn't make a shot and we couldn't get anything going and it gave them some life."   -- Rockets coach  Rick Adelman  on the difference being the third quarter as his team was outscored 26-15. TURNING POINT:  After a 13-2 run by the Rockets in the game's final minutes to tie the game at 91-91, Gordon hit a key 3-pointer at the top of the key. QUOTABLE III:  "I haven't gotten a lot of wins so it feels really good...it's only going to get better and better as I get more comfortable with these guys."   -- Mo Williams on his first win as a Clipper. HOT:  With no  Aaron Brooks  breathing down his back for the starting gig, Lowry continued to shine. He recorded his second straight double-double. Lowry's 24 points and 11 assists was even more impressive because he did not record a single turnover and shot 9-for-19 from the field. In the last four games since Brooks was traded to Phoenix, Lowry is averaging 18.3 points, 8.3 assists, 48.2 percent shooting and two turnovers per game. He has also made 10 threes. NOT:  Rockets guard  Kevin Martin  posted 12 points but he missed 11 of his 15 shots. Martin struggled from the start, picking up his second foul at the 7:41 mark of the first quarter. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  In his first game back from injury, Gordon didn't seem to miss a beat. He saw 34:48 of action and scored 24 points. He was 8-for-18 from the field and made 7-for-8 from the line. Gordon did his most damage in the first and fourth quarters when he scored nine points each period. NOTABLE:  After missing nearly three months with a bone bruise and ankle injury, Kaman had a throwback game. He converted 10-for-17 from the field en route to 21 points in 23 minutes of action. At the start of the fourth quarter, Kaman shouldered the offensive burden, scoring eight of the team's first 10 points. ... The Clippers outrebounded the Rockets 51-39. QUOTABLE IV:  "Chris is very capable...it wasn't only his scoring, but it was also his presence."   -- Blake Griffin on Kaman's best game back from injury. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Saturday vs. Denver, Monday @ Charlotte, Wednesday @ Boston. For the Rockets, Saturday vs. Indiana, Monday @ Sacramento, Tuesday @ Phoenix.  