  Spurs-Blazers notebook   By Kerry Eggers, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday February 2, 2011 1:29AM THE FACTS:   LaMarcus Aldridge  scored a career-high 40 points and grabbed 11 rebounds to lift the Trail Blazers past San Antonio 99-86 Tuesday night at the Rose Garden. Portland (26-22) outscored the Spurs 28-15 in the fourth quarter. QUOTABLE:  "It has to be. This is the best team in the league. This is big for us, coming off two losses."    -- LaMarcus Aldridge, asked if it was the biggest victory of the season. THE STAT:  Portland held San Antonio's big three ?  Manu Ginobili ,  Tony Parker  and  Tim Duncan  ? to a combined 38 points. TURNING POINT:  The game was tied 78-78 with eight minutes to play. The Blazers outscored the Spurs 21-8 the rest of the way, with Aldridge,  Wesley Matthews  and  Andre Miller  accounting for all of the points. QUOTABLE II:  "He had a decent game, didn't he? We held him to 40 or 35. I stopped counting. He was great."    -- San Antonio coach  Gregg Popovich  on Aldridge. HOT:  After scoring four points on 1-for-4 shooting in the first half, Matthews scored 17 points in the second half, making 7-for-12 shots. NOT:  Parker never got it going, going 3-for-11 from the field while scoring six points. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Aldridge had the huge numbers, making 16-for-23 shots from the field, and even had three steals and two assists in his 44 minutes. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Calling the game on the Spurs' Spanish radio network was Portland native and Oregon State graduate  Paul Castro , the club's Spanish broadcaster for 18 seasons. GOOD MOVE:  The Blazers kept getting Aldridge open off pick-and-rolls, and he knocked down a number of perimeter jumpers. San Antonio's defense never adjusted. BAD MOVE:  Portland's 7-1 Joel Przybilla matched up well with Duncan, but coach  Nate McMillan  took Przybilla out early, and Aldridge wound up defending Duncan much of the time. Duncan made only one basket while Przybilla was on the floor. ROOKIE WATCH:  Blazer forward  Chris Johnson , on a 10-day contract, saw his first action, going 2-for-2 at the line and scoring two points in four minutes. NOTABLE:  In the first half, San Antonio had 13 offensive rebounds, 20 second-chance points and 28 points in the paint. In the second half, the Spurs had three offensive rebounds, five second-chance points and 10 points in the paint. UP NEXT:  For the Blazers, at Denver Wednesday, at Indiana Friday, at Cleveland Saturday. For the Spurs, at L.A. Lakers Thursday, at Sacramento Friday, at Detroit Monday.  