Notebook: Jazz 107, Sixers 91 
 
 
 Andrew Aragon, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Mar 26, 2013 1:45 AM - Updated Tue Mar 26, 2013 1:45 AM 
 
 THE FACTS:  The Utah Jazz fell behind in the Western Conference playoff race during a lousy stretch of basketball, but their effort on Monday night showed that there is still some fight left in them.  
 Seven players scored in double figures as the Jazz whipped the Philadelphia 76ers 107-91, earning a wire-to-wire victory.  Randy Foye  led the way with 17 points and  Gordon Hayward  added 15 points.  Derrick Favors  came off the bench to record a double-double with 13 points and 10 rebounds.  
 Utah, which trails the Los Angeles Lakers by 1 1/2 games for the Western Conference's eighth seed, plays seven of its last 11 games at home. The Jazz had lost four straight and 12 of their last 15 entering Monday's game.  
 Philadelphia played like a tired team as it closed out a four-game road trip against Western Conference opponents.  Dorell Wright  had 19 points and rookie  Arnett Moultrie  scored a career-high 14 points. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We're still in the fight. We understand where we are. This group of guys has been resilient all year long. I don't expect anything other than them to continue to fight as long as we have fight in us and we're in the fight. It started tonight and it's going to be a game on Wednesday night and we'll go from there." 
 
 -- Jazz coach  Tyrone Corbin  on his team's playoff chances  
 
 
 THE STAT:  Utah's offense featured much more rhythm, flow and unselfishness than Philadelphia's. That was evidenced by the assist differential between the two teams. The Jazz dished 22 assists, compared to just nine for the 76ers. Utah's assist total was just below its average of 22.4, but Philadelphia was way off its game. The 76ers entered the game tied for eighth in the league with 23 assists per game, and they had 31 assists against the Sacramento Kings on Sunday night. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Jazz put together three double-digit scoring runs in the first half, and the last one was a game-clincher. A 13-0 run that included  Mo Williams  diving for a loose ball and making a down-court assist to Hayward from his back put Utah ahead 58-40 just before halftime. Foye started the spurt with a 3-pointer and Williams had seven points as the Jazz took control. Utah also scored the game's first 10 points and had an 11-0 run that gave it a 42-29 lead early in the second quarter.  
 
 HOT:  Foye has broken out a shooting slump. During a nine-game span earlier this month, he shot 15-for-61. With his 6-for-10 effort against Philadelphia, Foye is 13-for-23 in his last three games. Foye has also improved to 8-for-15 from 3-point range in his last three after shooting 11-for-37 in his previous nine. ... Favors didn't shoot a great percentage, but he altered a lot of shots in the paint and blocked three of them. ... All five of Utah's starters shot at least 50 percent. Hayward led the way at 6-for-9 shooting. ...  Spencer Hawes  started fast for Philadelphia. He had 12 of his 14 points and seven of his eight rebounds in the first half. 
 
 NOT:  After scoring a career-high 20 points against Sacramento on Sunday night, Philadelphia's  Lavoy Allen  came crashing back to earth. Allen threw up an airball and clanged other attempts off the rim en route to a 3-for-14 night with six points. ... Wright had four assists, and no other 76er had more than one assist. ...  Jrue Holiday , the only player in the league averaging at least 18 points and eight assists, shot 2-for-8 and was one of five 76ers who had just one assist.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We got it handed to us tonight. Not much else to say. I think the start was indicative of the level of intensity they played with versus how we did and our execution early."  
 
 -- Hawes 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Corbin takes a lot of heat and criticism from local fans because of his starting lineups and player rotations. None of his naysayers, however, could say anything bad about his player management against Philadelphia. He had the right answers when the 76ers made runs in the first half. He also made sure to keep his players fresh as the Jazz were playing the third game of a stretch of six games in nine days. Only Hayward played more than 30 minutes and he was the only starter to play more than a minute in the fourth quarter.  
 
 BAD MOVE:  Philadelphia's starting five of Hawes, Holiday,  Thaddeus Young, Evan Turner  and  Damien Wilkins  did not play as a unit after the 76ers broke a 15-game road losing streak on Sunday night. Coach  Doug Collins  subbed the entire five out at the 7:35 mark in the first quarter after they fell behind 16-6. In the second quarter, when Hawes played the entire period, Wilkins played nine minutes and Holiday played eight, Philadelphia had no assists. Hawes, Holiday and Wilkins were on the court for all of Utah's game-clinching 13-0 run in the second quarter.  
 
 NOTABLE:  The Jazz have defeated Philadelphia eight straight times and 22 of the last 24 in Utah. ... The 76ers had five straight possessions that ended with a turnover during a three-minute stretch in the second quarter. ... Utah scored 24 points off of Philadelphia turnovers. ... Both teams were playing in the second game of a back-to-back. The 76ers fell to 3-15 in the second games of back-to-backs. ... Wilkins had 13 points on 5-for-9 shooting for Philadelphia. ...  Al Jefferson, Enes Kanter  and  Alec Burks  each had 12 points for the Jazz, while  Paul Millsap  added 11.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the 76ers, Wednesday vs. Milwaukee, Friday @ Cleveland, Saturday vs. Charlotte. For the Jazz, Wednesday vs. Phoenix, Friday @ Portland, Saturday vs. Brooklyn. 
