Notebook: Celtics 90, Knicks 86 
 
 
 Brian Robb, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Dec 13, 2013 11:23 PM - Updated Fri Dec 13, 2013 11:23 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  Knicks' guard  Pablo Prigioni  took (and made) his first two free throws of the season in the first quarter. He had played 362 minutes over 22 games before heading to the charity stripe this year.  
 
 THE LEAD:  The Boston Celtics overcame an 11-point fourth quarter and fought back to beat the New York Knicks 90-86 at the TD Garden. It was the second win for Boston over New York in past six days, having defeated them by 41 points in New York on Sunday.  Carmelo Anthony  had a game-high 26 points for the Knicks, but the visitors' offense went cold in the fourth quarter, allowing the Celtics to claw back into the game after blowing a 17-point first half lead.  Jared Sullinger  scored 17 of his 19 points in the first half, and  Courtney Lee  added a season-high 18 points off the bench to help Boston rally for the win.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  ""I wouldn't want to go through it again, but that's exactly what our team needed.  We needed to have a lead, lose it, be backed up against the wall, and figure out a way to win." 
 --  Brad Stevens  on the Celtics' win 
 
 
 THE STAT:   J.R. Smith  did not attempt a field goal in the contest until the five-minute mark of the fourth quarter. The last time the reserve shooting guard took just one shot in a game was March 12, 2012 in a game against the Bulls. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Celtics fought back from an 11-point fourth quarter deficit with a 22-7 run in the final 10 minutes of the contest.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I mean I need everybody. The shots were coming tough both ways, but they were driving the ball and we settled a little bit, but some of the shots that we passed up after going back in there and looking at it was wide open shots.  [Andrea] Bargnani  was in those positions a few times and I thought he should have just taken the shot because he had been making those shots pretty much throughout the game." 
 -- Mike Woodson on his team's late offensive woes. 
 
 
 HOT:   Lee -- Boston's reserve guard had a nice bounce-back effort Friday night after fouling out in 14 minutes against the Clippers on Wednesday night. Lee was scorching hot in the first half, making all four of his field goal attempts, including three from beyond the arc to finish with 14 points over the first two quarters.  
 
 NOT:   Iman Shumpert   -- The third-year guard played despite suffering a bruised left knee against the Bulls on Wednesday night. The injury appeared to affect Shumpert's shooting as he went 1-of-8 from the field, and missed badly on several long-range jumpers.  
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:   Kenyon Martin  -- The veteran power forward was back in the starting lineup for the second straight game and did a little bit of everything for the Knicks. Martin was an efficient 4-of-5 from the field for eight points, and added seven rebounds and four steals in 23 minutes, before departing the game in the second half with a strained abdominal muscle.    
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:   Kelly Olynyk  -- The rookie big man returned to the Celtics lineup after missing the past ten games with a sprained right ankle. Olynyk came off the bench for Stevens, scoring four points, and grabbing four rebounds in 14 minutes. Olynyk also had a thunderous block on Shumpert in the third quarter.    
 
 NOTABLE: Kris Humphries  missed his second straight game with a bruised right knee. Stevens expects him to return to the lineup for Monday's game against Minnesota. ...Woodson acknowledged before the game that  Metta World Peace  is out of his rotations for now. ...  Amar'e Stoudemire  is expected to play back-to-back games tomorrow nights against Atlanta for just the second time all season. ...Boston led by as many as 17 points. ...  Tyson Chandler  went through New York's shootaround and is expected to return sometime next week. He's been out since Nov. 5th with a broken right leg.     
 
 UP NEXT:   For the Celtics, Monday vs. Minnesota, Wednesday vs. Detroit, Saturday vs. Washington. For the Knicks, Saturday vs. Atlanta, Monday vs. Washington, Wednesday @ Milwaukee.  
