Notebook: Kings 107, Suns 104 
 
 
 James Ham, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Nov 20, 2013 1:27 AM - Updated Wed Nov 20, 2013 1:27 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  After losing two in a row and seven of their last eight, the Sacramento Kings overcame a 14-point third quarter deficit to beat the Phoenix Suns. 
 
 THE LEAD: Travis Outlaw  was the unlikely hero Tuesday in Sacramento.  The 10-year veteran dropped in a 19-foot jumper to tie the game with under a minute remaining, helping the Kings snap a two game losing streak and improve to 3-7 on the season.   
 Sacramento sent the Phoenix Suns (5-5) to their third consecutive heartbreaking loss by a final of 107-104.  
 
 DeMarcus Cousins  gave the Suns' frontline fits.  The fourth-year center out of the University of Kentucky led all scorers with 27 points and grabbed a game-high 12 rebounds in the win. Rookie  Ben McLemore  added 19 points and five rebounds, while  Isaiah Thomas  dropped in 19 points of his own off the bench.   
 
 Gerald Green  filled in nicely for the injured  Eric Bledsoe , scoring in a team-high 23 points for Phoenix.  The Kings had no answer for rookie  Archie Goodwin  who scored 16 points on 7-for-10 shooting in just 19 minutes off the Suns bench.   Channing Frye  added 17 points and nine rebounds, while  Marcus Morris  scored 16 of his 19 to pace Phoenix in the first half. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "That's the old Travis Outlaw.  Portland Trail Blazers days."  
 -- Travis Outlaw 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Kings won the rebounding battle 48-31. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  With just 40 seconds remaining in the fourth, Outlaw knocked down a 19-foot turnaround jumper to tie the game.  The Kings played stingy defense the rest of the way and hit three big free throws to sneak out the victory.    
 
 QUOTABLE II:   "A lot of people probably counted us out tonight and the guys that were in that game never stopped believing, never stopped working and we pulled out a much needed win."  
 -- Kings coach  Michael Malone 
 
 
 HOT:  Marcus Morris could do no wrong in the first half of this game.  The veteran forward scored 14 points before the break on 4-for-4 shooting from the field and 5-for-5 from the line. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  With the game on the line, the Kings turned to Thomas and the little man didn't let his team down.  The reserve guard scored nine of his 19 points in the deciding fourth quarter, including the game winning free throws with 30 seconds remaining. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Bledsoe missed his first game of the season for the Suns with a bruised left shin.  
 
 NOTABLE II:  McLemore tied his career high in points with 19. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Suns, Wednesday vs. Sacramento, Friday at Charlotte, Sunday a Orlando. For the Kings, Wednesday at Phoenix, Saturday at L.A. Clippers, Sunday at L.A. Lakers. 
