  Magic-Spurs notebook   By Tim Price, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday November 23, 2010 12:00AM THE FACTS:  The top two teams from each conference were staging a game that lived up to its billing until the San Antonio Spurs almost blanked Orlando in the final 2 1/2 minutes and edged away from the Magic in a 106-97 victory on Monday at AT&T Center. The 9-4 Magic, tops in the East entering the game, led 95-94 on  Rashard Lewis ' 3-pointer, but the Western Conference-leading Spurs (12-1) went on a 12-2 run to finish the game. QUOTABLE:  "I thought it was a great basketball game that went right down to the two-minute mark. For us to win a game like that against a very good team on the road there are two things that have been regular problems for us. One is turnovers. The second thing is we have to close down the paint and closed down the shooters. We're not doing that very well right now. They shot the ball very well, clearly."   --  Magic coach  Stan Van Gundy THE STAT:  The Magic committed five turnovers in the fourth quarter, and they came at the worst times. They coughed it up their first three trips up the floor and watched a 3-point lead vanish in the first minute. And when  Jameer Nelson  had two balls bounce off of him and go out of bounds in the final two minutes there was no way the Magic could come back. TURNING POINT:  Nelson had a steal and an assist that contributed to go-ahead baskets leading up to the final two minutes. And it looked like he was about to make something happen when he split defenders and penetrated near the lane as the clock passed two minutes. But  Tony Parker  got his hand on the ball and deflected it off Nelson and out of bounds. Less than a minute later Parker got one of his 10 assists when he worked a pick-and-roll with  Tim Duncan,  who had enough room 13th point of the night and a 99-95 lead with 1:07 to go. QUOTABLE II:  "Both teams, for a stretch there, it was like a 3-point contest and no one was going to give in. That was pretty incredible. It was a heck of an NBA game."   --  Spurs coach  Gregg Popovich HOT:   Matt Bonner  his all four of his 3-point shots as the Spurs outfired Orlando from the 3-point line. The Magic shot 50 percent (9-of-18), but San Antonio was 12-of-19 (63 percent). It's the third time in the past five games that Bonner has been perfect shooting 3-pointers (2-of-2 five days ago against Chicago and 7-of-7 on Nov. 14 at Oklahoma City). NOT:  In addition to his two crucial turnovers late, Nelson had a rough time shooting the ball in the second half. He hit 4-of-5 to start the game and was 5-of-8 including a 3-pointer in the first half, but he went 2-of-6 after halftime and missed all three 3-pointers. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:   Dwight Howard  scored 26 points on 11-of-16 shooting and grabbed 18 rebounds. He even shot free throws reasonably well -- 4-of-7. He had three steals and a pair of blocked shots. ROOKIE WATCH:  Spurs first-rounder  Tiago Splitter  played 10 seconds, sent in to commit a foul before Orlando could get off a last-second shot to end the first half. This was just one game after Splitter played his career-best night with 18 points in 26 minutes against the Cavaliers. NOTABLE:  Orlando is a top-five rebounding team in the league, and the Magic outrebounded San Antonio 49-40 but still lost. UP NEXT:  For the Magic, Wednesday vs. Miami, Friday vs. Cleveland, Saturday at Washington. For the Spurs, Wednesday @ Minnesota, Friday vs. Dallas, Sunday @ New Orleans.  