Notebook: Suns 114, Nuggets 103 
 
 
 Norm Frauenheim, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Nov 09, 2013 1:33 AM - Updated Sat Nov 09, 2013 1:33 AM 
 
 FACT:  Suns forward  Markieff Morris  has never been hotter. Through the best three-game stretch of his career, he is averaging 22.7 points and 9.0 rebounds. Over the last two, he is 22-for-26 from the floor. 
 
 THE LEAD:  It's hard to know what to expect from the Suns, so expect just about everything. 
 That and more were on display Friday night throughout a crazy 114-103 victory over the Nuggets in an up-and-down game full of wild swings. 
 The Suns led by 11 in the first quarter, trailed by one early in the second, led by 17 at halftime, led by18 midway through the third quarter and trailed by 11 two minutes before the start of the fourth. Dizzy yet? If the Suns ever were, there was absolutely no sign of it during the final 12 minutes when they shook off their youth, or inexperience or whatever else had bothered them. 
 Yes, they were expected to be inconsistent. But they were never expected to be quite so resilient. It's the resiliency that has turned the Suns into one of the season's early surprises. A team predicted to win as few as 20 or 21 games is suddenly 4-2. 
 They are because of what happened during the final 14 minutes. Just when it looked as if the Suns would lose the way the pundits had predicted they would, they rallied with an 8-1 run, cutting the margin to three, during a 1:41 stretch. The Morris brothers,  Markieff  and  Marcus , led the way with Markieff scoring five points, including two off a Marcus steal. The brothers then took over in the fourth with Markieff leading the way with nine of his career-high 28 points on 10-for-13 shooting from the floor. 
 Before tipoff, Suns coach  Jeff Hornacek  was asked how he could ensure that the Morris brothers would continue to work as an effective tandem. 
 "Pray," Hornacek said 
 His prayers were answered 56 seconds into the fourth when Marcus Morris hit a 3-pointer tying it up at 87. The Nuggets, led by  Ty Lawson 's game-high 29 points, would stay within two for the next five-plus minutes. They led by two, 95-93, after a 12-foot jumper by  Jordan Hamilton , who finished with 19. But that's when the Suns delivered the game's final counter, a 12-0 run punctuated by a pair of 3-pointers from the Morris brothers.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "Typically, the young guys get panicked and it gets even worse. Our guys are not doing that and that's a great sign. They stay with it; they stay composed even though we have a young team. That's a great sign for the future.''  
 
 -- Hornacek, on the Suns' ability to come back from a deficit 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Suns shot 45 percent, 9-for-20, on 3-point attempts.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  Actually there were two, both connected. The Suns went on an 8-1 run during the final 1:41 of the third quarter. They followed up with the clincher, a 12-0 run midway through the fourth.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:   "I'm at a loss for words from the lack of energy from some of our guys that are rotation guys.'' 
 
 -- Nuggets coach  Brian Shaw 
 
 
 HOT:  Suns center  Miles Plumlee  had 18 points on 7-for-13 shooting from the floor, grabbed 11 rebounds and had two blocks. Plumlee's 18 points tied his career-high, which he recorded in the Suns' season-opening victory over the Blazers.  Plumlee, acquired from the Pacers for  Luis Scola , had all of 13 points and 22 rebounds in 14 games for the Indiana. 
 
 NOT: Randy Foye . The Nuggets guard was 3-for-10 from the floor, including 1-for-5 from the 3-point line. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  The Suns' first-round picks didn't have much of an impact.  Archie Goodwin  was 1-for-2 and had one rebound in six minutes. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Nuggets, Monday @ Utah, Wednesday vs. L.A. Lakers, Friday vs. Minnesota. For the Suns, Sunday vs. New Orleans, Wednesday @ Portland, Friday vs. Brooklyn. 
