  Notebook: Wizards 121, Bucks 112 Posted Wednesday April 18, 2012 11:29PM By Rich Dubroff, for NBA.com THE FACTS: Jordan Crawford  equaled his season high with 32 points to lead the Washington Wizards over the Milwaukee Bucks 121-112 on Wednesday night. The defeat was crushing for the Bucks. Combined with Philadelphia's win over Cleveland, it put Milwaukee 2 1/2 games behind the Sixers in the race for the final playoff spot in the Eastern Conference. Milwaukee has lost four of its last five. The Bucks were led by  Monta Ellis'  31 points.  Brandon Jennings  had 25 and  Drew Gooden  added 21. Washington took the lead early in the third quarter and held on in the final minutes to follow up on its win in Chicago on Monday. The Wizards have won four of six. John  Wall, Kevin Seraphin  and  Nene  each had 14 for Washington. QUOTABLE:  "Wrong time to have a bad night,"  --  Milwaukee head coach  Scott Skiles  on his team's embarrassing performances. THE STAT:  The Bucks had won 14 straight games against teams with below .500 records. TURNING POINT:  The Wizards outscored the Bucks 28-19 in the third quarter to take an 88-81 lead after three. QUOTABLE II:  "We want to be Milwaukee. We want to be in the hunt, but if we're not, let's cause some grief coming down the stretch."  --  Washington head coach  Randy Wittman  on his team's role as spoiler. HOT:  Crawford was 11-for-17 from the field despite playing on a bad right ankle he hurt in the fourth quarter of the win in Chicago. NOT:  The Bucks'  Ersan Ilyasova  was 3-for-4 in the first quarter and had 13 points. He missed all five field goal attempts in the remainder of the game, and had just one free throw in the final minute. GOOD MOVE:  Wittman playing Nene, who had missed 10 games with a left foot injury. His return was surprisingly announced on the Wizards' Twitter feed just a few minutes before gametime. BAD MOVE:  Ellis and Jennings trying to guard Crawford and Wall. It didn't work. NOTABLE:  The Bucks gave up the second-most points of the season to a team that's still 30 games below .500. IN THE ARENA: Andray Blatche  made an appearance. Today was a month since Blatche last played. He's been banished for "conditioning purposes." Wittman said the chances were slim that Blatche would play again this season. The mercurial Blatche says he's trying to get back in shape. "I cut my hair. That's five pounds right there," Blatche said. UP NEXT:  For the Bucks: Thursday @ Pacers, Saturday vs. Nets, Monday vs. Raptors. For the Wizards: Saturday @ Heat, Monday vs. Bobcats, Wednesday @ Cavaliers.  