  Hawks-Pistons notebook   By Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday December 14, 2010 11:14PM THE FACTS:  Reserves  Charlie Villanueva  and  Tracy McGrady  combined for 39 points and 17 rebounds as the Detroit Pistons snapped a four-game losing streak with a 103-80 victory over the Atlanta Hawks Tuesday night. After squandering a 25-point, second-half lead to Toronto Saturday, the Pistons never trailed and put the game away with a 39-point fourth quarter. QUOTABLE:  "We definitely learned our lesson from that game on Saturday. We didn't want that to happen tonight. We just kept our poise when they made a run, stayed aggressive and got stops."    -- Tracy McGrady THE STAT:  1-12. The Pistons recorded their first victory over a team with a winning record in 13 attempts. Their previous seven victories came against teams with a combined 49-113 record entering Tuesday's action. TURNING POINT:  The Pistons were clinging to a 64-61 lead entering the fourth quarter when head coach  John Kuester  went to his bench. When Kuester brought in the second unit at the start of the fourth against Toronto, the Raptors stormed back into the game and eventually outscored Detroit 37-17 in their unlikely victory. This time, the Pistons' bench players reeled off a 10-2 run at the start of the quarter and Kuester stuck with them the rest of the way. Detroit outscored Atlanta 39-19 in the quarter. QUOTABLE II:  "It was tough and got out of hand quickly. They hit like three or four 3s in a row. It was just a rampage of 3s that we couldn't stop."    -- Atlanta guard  Mike Bibby  on Detroit's big fourth quarter. HOT:  McGrady scored a season-high 16 points and added six rebounds and three assists. McGrady played the point when  Rodney Stuckey  got a break. After Stuckey reentered, McGrady moved to small forward and made four fourth-quarter 3-pointers off feeds from Stuckey. NOT:  Atlanta's bench was outscored 46-14 by Detroit's reserves.  Jamal Crawford , one of the NBA's top sixth men, was held to two points and committed five turnovers. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Pistons guard  Richard Hamilton  appears to be settling into an offensive groove after a very slow start. He scored a team-high 24 points and has reached the 20-point mark in three of the last six games. GOOD MOVE:  Kuester shortened his rotation to nine players after going with 10 or even 11 most of the season. That gave the Pistons more continuity and allowed the regulars to get into a rhythm. All nine players saw at least 20 minutes of action as the Pistons shot 47.4 percent. BAD MOVE:  Hawks coach  Larry Drew  tried to go with a bigger lineup, moving  Josh Smith  to small forward, with his club down six in the fourth quarter. That group couldn't guard the Pistons forwards on the perimeter as Villanueva and McGrady combined for 28 fourth-quarter points, including six 3-pointers. ROOKIE WATCH:  Pistons forward/center  Greg Monroe  received his second career start, replacing  Jason Maxiell  at power forward. He got into early foul trouble and finished with five points and seven rebounds. NOTABLE:  Villanueva's 23 points and 11 rebounds were his third double-double this season. ... The Hawks are 5-3 without All-Star guard  Joe Johnson , who is recovering from elbow surgery. ... The Pistons had a 43-31 rebounding edge, just the ninth time they have out-rebounded their opponent. ... Atlanta is 7-9 when starting forward  Marvin Williams  scores in single digits. UP NEXT:  For the Hawks, Thursday @ Boston, Friday vs. Charlotte, Sunday @ New Jersey. For the Pistons, Friday vs. L.A. Clippers, Sunday vs. New Orleans, Wednesday @ Toronto.  