  Notebook: Rockets 96, Thunder 95 Posted Thursday February 16, 2012 12:09AM By Matt Miller, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The Houston Rockets' leading scorer did not score in the fourth quarter of a hotly contested game until there were less than 30 seconds remaining. Luckily for the Rockets,  Kevin Martin 's two free throws with 23.6 seconds left were all that they needed from him in the final period to pull out a victory over the team with the best record in the Western Conference. Martin matched his season high with 32 points on 10-for-18 shooting,  Luis Scola  added 15 points and rookie  Chandler Parsons  netted 14 points and grabbed seven rebounds as Houston knocked off the Oklahoma City Thunder, 96-95, on Wednesday at Toyota Center. Kevin Durant  scored a game-high 33 points on 12-for-26 shooting to go with eight boards, while  Russell Westbrook  added 26 points and eight assists. The pair of young stars did not shine bright for Oklahoma City (22-7) in the fourth period, however, as they shot a combined 5-for-16 from the field and committed two turnovers. Martin also found himself struggling mightily during the closing minutes until he exploited a defensive mismatch with Thunder center  Kendrick Perkins , who was caught too far away from the basket on a defensive switch for the pick-and-roll. Martin started to drive, and then used a shot fake to bait Perkins into contact. After Martin's free throws fell through the hoop, Durant missed three consecutive shots on the other end of the court. Westbrook could not get a put-back off Durant's final miss to fall, ensuring that Houston (17-13) escaped with the win to halt a two-game losing streak overall and a four-game skid against Oklahoma City. QUOTABLE:  "I missed shots. That's what happens. Guys expecting me to make every shot late in the fourth quarter, you're setting yourself up for failure. We got unbelievable looks, better looks than we usually get."   -- Durant on what went wrong during the Thunder's final possession THE STAT:  Houston made one more 3-pointer than the Thunder despite attempting five fewer than Oklahoma City, which finished the game 7-for-23 from beyond the arc. Including Wednesday's 8-for-18 effort from long distance, the Rockets have shot 43.5 percent (50-for-115) from downtown over their last six games. TURNING POINT:  The Thunder led 95-92 with less than three minutes remaining in the fourth quarter when Houston's defense refused to budge another inch. The Rockets held Oklahoma City scoreless for the final 2:44 of regulation while getting a put-back layup from  Kyle Lowry  and Martin's free throws to grind out the one-point victory. Martin drew the foul on Perkins, who was left alone on the perimeter with the speedy guard after a costly defensive switch on an attempted pick-and-roll. The Thunder still had opportunities to snatch the victory, but they failed to convert despite having four looks at the potential game-winner. QUOTABLE II:  "Our guys won it with stops. ... The ball not going in is not the end of the world. You can grind it out. You can be tough. You can be physical."   -- Houston coach  Kevin McHale  on how his team overcame 42.5 percent shooting from the field and Martin's quiet fourth quarter GOOD MOVE:  Rockets forward  Patrick Patterson  showed great awareness of time and situation when he fouled Westbrook with 7.3 seconds left as Westbrook was driving toward the rim for what could have been the game-winning bucket. Houston had a foul to give, so Patterson's decision to grab Westbrook before he could soar into the air was arguably as crucial to the win as Martin's free throws. HOT:  In the third quarter, the Rockets' defense had no idea how to stymie Oklahoma City's superstar duo of Durant and Westbrook. The pair teamed up for 24 of the Thunder's 29 third-period points on 7-for-12 shooting (58.3 percent) to go with four rebounds. HOT II:  Martin kept Houston afloat during Durant and Westbrook's charge by pouring in 15 points on 6-for-9 shooting in the third quarter. NOT:  Thunder guard  Daequan Cook , who entered Wednesday shooting a shade under 40 percent from 3-point range on the season, has connected on only three of 19 attempts (15.8 percent) from the perimeter over his last three games. NOTABLE:  Thunder guard  Thabo Sefolosha  (sore right foot) missed his 10th consecutive game but remains listed as day-to-day. Cook, Sefolosha's replacement in the starting lineup, found out before the game that he was not selected to participate in the annual 3-point shootout during All-Star weekend. ... Houston held Oklahoma City to a season-low 13 points in the first quarter, which also marked the fewest amount of points the Rockets have allowed in the first quarter. ... The Rockets improved to 3-0 this season in games decided by two points or less. ... Houston is now 16-1 when leading after three periods. ... Durant and Westbrook combined for 10 of Oklahoma City's 22 turnovers (26 Houston points off). ... The Thunder fell to 7-3 in games decided by six points or less. ... Oklahoma City fell to 12-2 when  Serge Ibaka  blocks at least three shots and 12-2 when it outrebounds its opponent. ... The Thunder will look to improve to 6-1 after a loss this season when they host Golden State on Friday. UP NEXT:  For the Thunder, Friday vs. Golden State, Sunday vs. Denver (ESPN), Monday vs. New Orleans. For the Rockets, Friday vs. Minnesota, Sunday vs. Utah, Monday vs. Memphis.  