  Hawks-Pacers notebook   By John Oehser, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday November 16, 2010 10:45PM THE FACTS: Josh Smith  had 25 points, eight rebounds and seven blocks and  Mike Bibby  added 16 points and seven assists as the Atlanta Hawks pulled away for a 102-92 victory over the Indiana Pacers at Conseco Fieldhouse. The Hawks led 50-49 at halftime, but playing what coach  Larry Drew  called "beautiful" offense, pulled away quickly thereafter, taking their largest lead when Smith hit a 15-foot jump shot late in the quarter. Atlanta led 77-64 at that point and the Pacers never got closer than five again. Danny Granger  scored 22 points to lead Indiana, which lost its second consecutive home game while shooting just 4-for-18 from 3-point range. Bibby was 3-for-5 on 3-pointers for Atlanta, which finished with 26 assists and shot 8-for-15 from 3-point range. The Hawks snapped a four-game road losing streak and are 8-4.The Pacers are now 4-5. QUOTABLE:  "It was beautiful to watch. When we play and the guys move the ball and pass the ball like that, we become hard to beat."    -- Hawks coach Larry Drew THE STAT:  Pacers coach  Jim O'Brien  expressed concern about the Atlanta forwards before the game, and said Indiana spent time in recent days adapting to prepare for  Marvin Williams  and Smith. No matter. Smith in particular controlled the game, and his smooth mid-range shooting helped the Hawks control momentum in the second half. Smith was 9-for-16 from the field and Williams added 11 points. TURNING POINT:  The Hawks were too deep and too strong late, holding the Pacers off with a solid fourth quarter, but the key stretch came in the third quarter. Atlanta led 50-49 at halftime, but Smith scored 12 points on 4-for-6 shooting and Williams scored seven points as Atlanta stretched the lead to 77-65. QUOTABLE II:  "The deeper you are, the better team you are. You have to consider who's going to come out and have a big night for the Hawks. That's a good problem to have."    -- Hawks center  Al Horford HOT:  Smith was a force throughout, but Bibby -- the Hawks' 12-year veteran point guard -- also was consistent much of the game. He was 5-for-9 from the field and had seven assists. NOT:  The Hawks are significantly talented enough -- and played well enough as a team Tuesday -- that they didn't need every one of their core players to be hot to handle Indiana. Guard  Joe Johnson  shot 4-for-12 -- 0-for-3 from 3-point range -- but Indiana still never had possession with a chance to tie or take the lead in the second half. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT: Roy Hibbert  continues to be impressive early in the season. The Pacers' third-year center has increased his conditioning and his minutes and the result for Indiana has been better production from the post. On Tuesday, Hibbert finished with 18 points and 15 rebounds, including 14 points and eight rebounds in the first half. Hibbert, the league's leading shot-blocker entering the game, had just one Tuesday. GOOD MOVE:  Drew said the Hawks made an effort to force Hibbert to guard more pick and rolls in the second half, the idea being if he's allowed to stay inside he's more of a force. Hibbert had four points in the second half after keeping Indiana close in the first. NOTABLE:  Pacers point guard  Darren Collison  missed the game with a sprained left ankle and was replaced in the lineup by veteran  T.J. Ford.  Ford had five assists and no turnovers in 37:19. ... Pacers forward  Tyler Hansbrough , typically in early off the bench, also missed with a sprained left ankle. ... The Pacers' 16 third-quarter points matched their fewest of the season. They scored 54 in the fourth quarter a week ago. UP NEXT:  For the Hawks, Saturday vs. Dallas, Monday vs. Boston, Tuesday @ New Jersey. For the Pacers, Thursday vs. Clippers, Saturday vs. Orlando, Monday @ Miami.  