Notebook: Nets 93, Pistons 90 
 
 
 Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Thu Feb 07, 2013 12:39 AM - Updated Thu Feb 07, 2013 12:39 AM 
 
 THE FACTS:  All-Star  Brook Lopez  had 17 points, including a pivotal layup in the final minute, as the Brooklyn Nets edged the Detroit Pistons 93-90 at The Palace of Auburn Hills on Wednesday.  Joe Johnson  had 16 points,  Gerald Wallace  added 14 and  Deron Williams  chipped in 12 points and nine assists for the Nets, who bounced back from a loss to the Los Angeles Lakers the previous night.  Greg Monroe 's 23 points and 10 assists led the Pistons, who had their 10-game home streak against the Nets snapped. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "It was kind of the polar opposite tonight. We were pretty much behind the whole game. We kept fighting back and they kept making their run but our guys stuck with it. Tonight, we were great in the last three to five minutes." 
 
 -- Lopez on the Nets' late-game execution. They were outscored 10-0 in the closing minutes of their 92-83 loss to the Lakers on Tuesday. 
 
 
 THE STAT:  2. Brooklyn won despite only scoring two fast-break points, compared to Detroit's 17. It shot 41.5 percent from the field and 76 percent from the line but its defense allowed it to overcome the lack of transition baskets. It held the Pistons to 30 percent shooting and forced four turnovers in the fourth quarter.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Pistons were up 13, 46-33, with two minutes remaining in the first half. Then, the Nets reeled off seven unanswered points before the break to gain some momentum. Pistons forward  Charlie Villanueva  missed three shots during that stretch and Johnson finished the run with a 3-pointer. Neither club led by more than eight in the second half. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "It came down to that fourth quarter again, like usual. They went small, so that kind of changed up our whole rotation and how we play our game. We should have stuck with our strong set and pushed the ball. We should have come out there in the fourth and hit them like they hit us and responded in a good way." 
 
 -- Pistons forward  Jason Maxiell  after his team's fifth loss in its last six games 
 
 
 HOT:  In a disappointing season, Monroe has been the Pistons' rock. He was averaging 17.3 points and 11.8 rebounds in his previous four games and had another solid performance, shooting 10 for 16 from the field.  
 
 NOT:  Nets rookie forward  Mirza Teletovic  played just four minutes, all in the fourth quarter, but managed to unwittingly entertain the crowd. He attempted three shots, including two 3-pointers, and didn't touch the rim on any of them. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Pistons center  Andre Drummond  didn't play in the second half for the second straight game because of a bruised tailbone. Small forward  Kyle Singler  had 12 points, five rebounds and three assists and center  Slava Kravtsov  saw his first extended minutes in place of Drummond, contributing four points and two rebounds in 11 minutes.  
 
 NOTABLE:  Williams recorded his 5,000th career assist in the first quarter when he set up a Wallace jumper. Williams, who has played 554 games, is just the seventh players since 1985-86 to record 5,000 assists in less than 600 games. The others are  Muggsy Bogues ,  Tim Hardaway, Kevin Johnson, Jason Kidd, Chris Paul  and  John Stockton . ... The Nets' last victory at The Palace was a 79-74 win on March 26, 2006. ...  Jose Calderon  made his home debut as a Piston and had eight points and nine rebounds. ... The Nets are 15-6 in  P.J. Carlesimo 's first 21 games as head coach. ... The Nets are 5-7 in the second game of back-to-backs.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Nets, Friday @ Washington, Sunday vs. San Antonio, Monday @ Indiana. For the Pistons, Friday vs. San Antonio, Saturday @ Milwaukee, Monday vs. New Orleans.  
