Notebook: Cavaliers 98, Nets 94 
 
 
 Brian Dulik, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Oct 30, 2013 11:34 PM - Updated Wed Oct 30, 2013 11:34 PM 
 
 THE FACT: Andrew Bynum  played in his first NBA game since May 21, 2012, as the Cavaliers spoiled the Nets debuts of  Kevin Garnett  and  Paul Pierce . 
 
 THE LEAD : All-Star point guard  Kyrie Irving  collected 15 points, seven rebounds and nine assists in leading the Cleveland Cavaliers to a 98-94 victory over the Brooklyn Nets at Quicken Loans Arena in the season opener for both teams. Cavaliers power forward  Tristan Thompson  added 18 points and nine boards, while Bynum had three points and three rebounds in eight minutes off the bench. All-Star center  Brook Lopez  scored a game-high 21 points for the Nets, who also received 17 points from Pierce and 10 rebounds from Garnett. 
 
 QUOTABLE : "It was kind of like riding a bike because I've been in the league for so long. I felt really good and ran as fast as I ever have on the court. My timing is off and that's to be expected, but I feel like it's going to come back pretty quickly." 
 -- Cavaliers center Andrew Bynum 
 
 THE STAT : The Cavaliers outscored the Nets 19-11 with Bynum on the court. The 7-footer, who underwent bilateral arthroscopic surgery on both knees in March, shot 1-for-5 from the field and made his lone free-throw attempt. Bynum also had two assists and two emphatic blocked shots during his eight-minute stint bridging the first and second quarters.  
 
 TURNING POINT : Center  Anderson Varejao  buried a 17-footer off an Irving pass with 29 seconds left, giving Cleveland a 93-91 lead. Irving subsequently made four straight free throws -- following Brooklyn misses by Pierce and shooting guard  Jason Terry  -- to put the Cavaliers up 97-91 with just six seconds remaining.  
 
 QUOTABLE II : "It's not like we were playing some [expletive] team or some [expletive] team. This team pushed us to the limit. This team has gotten better. It was good to see Andrew back. And obviously, Kyrie makes this team go." 
 -- Nets power forward Kevin Garnett 
 
 HOT : Cavaliers coach  Mike Brown  was a winner in his return to the franchise. Brown was fired by Cleveland following its loss to Boston in the 2010 Eastern Conference semifinals, but was brought back after coach Byron Scott got the axe this April. ... Cavaliers point guard  Jarrett Jack  scored 12 points in 23 minutes while backing up Irving. ... Cleveland is 4-1 in season openers against the Nets. ... Brooklyn shooting guard Terry had 14 points, including four 3-pointers, off the bench. ... Garnett (25,282) scored eight points to move past Pacers legend  Reggie Miller  (25,279) for 14th place in NBA history. 
 
 NOT : Nets point guard  Deron Williams , who is recovering from a right knee injury, did not play in the fourth quarter because the team's medical staff limited him to 22 minutes. ... Brooklyn center  Andray Blatche  missed all five of his field goal attempts and made three turnovers. ... Nets point guard  Shaun Livingston  was whistled for three fouls in just over two minutes in the first quarter. ... Cavaliers rookie power forward  Anthony Bennett  -- the No. 1 overall pick in the NBA Draft -- flung a layup attempt off the left edge of the backboard as part of a 0-for-5 shooting performance. ... Irving missed nine of his 12 shots over the first three quarters. 
 
 QUOTABLE III : "This was a gritty, grimy, ugly game -- just how I like it -- and it was fun. I think our guys enjoyed it and they stayed after it. But after tonight, we've got to put our hard hats back on and get back to work tomorrow." 
 -- Cavaliers coach Mike Brown 
 
 GOOD MOVE : Cavaliers minority owner (and R&B superstar) Usher sat courtside, next to majority owner  Dan Gilbert , and minority owners  Nate Forbes  and  Jeff Cohen . Usher attended very few games over the last three losing seasons, so his presence sent a strong message that the franchise is serious about winning now. "The atmosphere was tremendous and the fans were an incredible sixth man for us," Jack said. "I also thought the guys really gave them something to cheer about." 
 
 BAD MOVE : Brooklyn coach  Jason Kidd  served the first half of his two-game NBA suspension, but placed career assistant  Joe Prunty  in charge -- instead of former New Jersey and Detroit coach  Lawrence Frank . The former Pistons coach (defense) and  John Welch  (offense) served as Prunty's coordinators. "We knew Jason was not going to be here, so that's why we talked about this and worked things out," Prunty said. "This is about the Brooklyn Nets. We're not really changing what we do." 
 
 NOTABLE : Nets small forward  Andrei Kirilenko  (back spasms) and power forward  Tornike Shengelia  were inactive, but Kirilenko said he hopes to play Friday against the Heat. ... The Cavaliers' inactives were rookie small forward  Sergey Karasev  (left ankle sprain) and rookie shooting guard  Carrick Felix  (sports hernia). ... In a scheduling quirk, Brooklyn and Cleveland square off in their season opener and season finale -- both at Quicken Loans Arena. 
 
 UP NEXT : For the Nets, Friday vs. Miami, Sunday @ Orlando, Tuesday vs. Utah. For the Cavaliers, Friday @ Charlotte, Saturday @ Indiana, Monday vs. Minnesota. 
