Notebook: Hawks 108, Magic 76 
 
 
 Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Feb 13, 2013 11:14 PM - Updated Wed Feb 13, 2013 11:14 PM 
 
 THE FACTS: Josh Smith  and  Al Horford  made their cases for All-Star snubdom, combining for 56 points, 22 rebounds and 10 assists to lead the Atlanta Hawks into the All-Star break with a 108-76 rout of the Orlando Magic. 
 The Hawks led by 25 points in the first half and by 38 at one point, cruising to their ninth straight victory against the Magic. 
 
 Jameer Nelson  and  Andrew Nicholson  scored 10 points each for the Magic, who have lost 24 of their last 27 games. 
 The Magic learned earlier in the day of  Hedo Turkoglu 's 20-game steroid suspension. 
 The Hawks scored over 100 points for the fifth straight time and went into the All-Star break a solid sixth in the Eastern Conference. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "It might be from the All-Star snub, I don't know. Al's been playing great as well. We've all elevated our game after the decision (on All-Star reserves). (Jeff) Teague has been playing well for us. We've been doing the right things and we've been clicking on all cylinders." 
 -- Smith 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Hawks have held the Magic to 79 points per game in their nine straight victories. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Magic led by four points late in the first quarter when Jeff Teague hit a long 3-point shot. In less than a minute the Magic's lead was gone, never to return. 
 
 QUOTABLE  I I:  "We started off the game pretty good and they turned it up. We couldn't get a rebound for a while there or get a stop. They started getting good shots and they just outplayed us in every aspect of the game tonight." 
 -- Nelson 
 
 
 HOT:  Horford made 11-of -16 shots to raise his season percentage to 54, well up in the NBA's top 20. 
 
 NOT:  Three of the most one-sided home court losses in the Magic's 24-season history have come this season -- a 39-point loss to the Nets on Nov. 9, a 35-point loss to the Raptors on Dec. 12, and Wednesday night's 32-point debacle. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "This is not territory that we want to continue to live in." 
 -- Magic coach  Jacque Vaughn 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Hawk starters Smith, Horford, Teague and Harris took the fourth quarter off, and  Kyle Korver  played only to extend his streak of games in which he has hit a 3-point shot. The streak, longest currently in the NBA, stands at 45. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Turkoglu drew a 20-game suspension after testing positive in December for the steroid methenolone, which Turkoglu said he took in the summer. 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Teague had been one of the hottest players in the league, averaging 21.8 points and 9.8 assist on 58 percent in the preceding four games. He cooled off except in the assist category, posting 11. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  The Hawks'  John Jenkins  scored nine points in 24 minutes, both roughly doubling his season averages.  
 
 NOTABLE:  Hawks coach  Larry Drew  expressed pre-game worries that his team would be flat in their final game before the All-Star break, facing a team they have dominated. He asked his players to "prove me wrong," which they did. ... Magic center  Nik Vucevic' s streak of 30 straight games of nine or more rebounds came to an end. He had only seven. ... The Magic shot only nine free throws, dropping their average to 15.7 per game, lowest in NBA history. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Hawks: Wednesday (Feb. 20) vs. Miami, Friday (Feb. 22) vs. Sacramento, Saturday, (Feb. 23) @ Milwaukee. For the Magic: Tuesday vs. Charlotte, Wednesday (Feb. 20) @ Dallas, Friday (Feb. 22) @ Memphis. 
