Notebook: Spurs 112, Celtics 100 
 
 
 Brian Robb, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Nov 21, 2012 11:12 PM - Updated Wed Nov 21, 2012 11:12 PM 
 
 THE FACTS: Tony Parker  posted a season-high 26 points as the San Antonio Spurs cruised behind a superb offensive effort to a 112-100 win over the Boston Celtics at the TD Garden.  Tim Duncan  added 20 points and 15 rebounds, as the Spurs imposed their will against an overmatched Boston defense, shooting a season-high 58.4 percent from the field, the highest number Boston has allowed to an opponent since 2007.  Rajon Rondo  kept the Celtics within striking distance by scoring 18 of his 22 points in the second half, but the All-Star point guard and his teammates could not keep pace with the Spurs late, as they pulled away for the 12-point win.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "That was his best game in a while. He hasn't really scored, he hasn't been aggressive for whatever reason. He's known it and he's tried to work through it, but tonight he played a complete game." -- San Antonio coach  Gregg Popovich  on Parker. 
 
 THE STAT:  The Celtics were unable to corral an offensive rebound over the first 46 minutes of the contest, finishing with just one in the defeat. The Spurs remain the only team over the past 25 years to finish a game without an offensive rebound, finishing with zero against the Jazz back in 2002.    
 
 TURNING POINT:  After trailing by double digits for much of the fourth quarter, Boston's starters made one final push behind Rondo over the final six minutes of the game, cutting a 14-point lead to six with three minutes remaining. With the stakes high, Gregg Popovich turned to Duncan out of a timeout and the veteran delivered, hitting a post up to push the lead back to eight for the Spurs. The Celtics got no closer the rest of the way.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:   "We've got to do our [defensive] coverages better. Playing harder and all that sounds great. Well, we've got to play smarter." -- Boston coach  Doc Rivers. 
 
 
 HOT: Tiago Splitter  -- The reserve center was perfect in the second half, going 7-of-7 from field and 5-of-5 from the free throw line, scoring 19 of his season-high 23 points after intermission. 
 
 NOT: Jeff Green  -- After a breakout night last Wednesday against Utah, the hybrid forward has regressed back to inconsistent performances over the past week. Another one came Wednesday night as Green finished the loss with just five points on 2-of-7 shooting and zero rebounds over 15 minutes of action.    
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Duncan -- The big man bested Kevin Garnett in his head-to-head matchup and has shown no signs of slowing down in his 16th NBA season. With tonight's effort, Duncan is averaging 18.2 points and 10.4 rebounds a contest, his best numbers in both categories since the 2009-10 NBA season.  
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "It's been a weakness for us all season long and we're trying to focus on it a little more. We did a nice job keeping them off the glass." -- Duncan.  
 
 ROOKIE WATCH: Jared Sullinger.  With  Chris Wilcox  battling foul trouble most of the night, Sullinger saw plenty of work off the bench, grabbing a team-high seven rebounds in 20 minutes of action.   
 
 NOTABLE:  The Celtics announced prior to the game that they have waived reserve center  Darko Milicic.   "Darko has asked us to release him so he could deal with a personal matter," Celtics president of basketball operations Danny Ainge announced in a press release. "The whole Celtics family wishes Darko and his family well."...Rondo had his 35th consecutive game with 10 or more assists.  James Anderson  was in uniform for San Antonio after the team signed him Tuesday for additional depth at the small forward spot, with  Kawhi Leonard  (knee) and  Stephen Jackson  (pinky) both expected to miss at least the next couple weeks of action...The Spurs also recalled  Cory Joseph  from the D-League prior to the game as well...San Antonio outscored Boston 48-34 in the paint....The road team has won 10 of the past 12 matchups in this series...Popovich was whistled for a technical foul with 2:14 remaining in the third quarter... Danny Green  has now made a 3-pointer in 30 consecutive games, the longest active streak in the NBA.     
 
 UP NEXT:  For San Antonio: Friday @ Indiana, Sunday @ Toronto, Monday @ Utah. For Boston: Friday vs. Oklahoma City, Sunday @ Orlando, Wednesday vs. Brooklyn.    
