  Knicks-Nuggets notebook   By Adam Zagoria, for NBA.com Posted Sunday December 12, 2010 3:50PM THE FACTS:   Amar'e Stoudemire  reached the 30-point plateau for the eighth straight game and the Knicks held off  Carmelo Anthony  and the Nuggets, 129-125, for their eighth consecutive win and 13th in 14 games. QUOTABLE:  "There's a reason he's balling this season. Nobody's stopping him. I just tried defending him." --  Nene  on Stoudemire, who had just six points at the half, but made 11 of 15 shots in the second half despite getting his fifth foul THE STAT:   Raymond Felton  posted 19 points with a season-high 17 assists. New York is now 10-1 when Felton records a double-double. TURNING POINT:  With the Knicks up 125-122 and Anthony setting up a drive from the left side,  Danilo Gallinari  drew a charging call when Anthony pushed him with his left arm. The Nuggets fouled Felton, who hit two foul shots to extend the lead to 127-122. QUOTABLE II:  "You win a game with a flop call at the end of the game?" --  Nuggets coach George Karl on the Gallo play HOT:  Stoudemire broke  Willie Naulls'  franchise record for consecutive 30-point games. Naulls set the old record of seven in the early 1960s. NOT:  After averaging 13.3 points off the bench in three straight games, Knicks forward  Shawne Williams  has gone scoreless in three straight games. The Knicks' bench managed just 19 total points, with  Toney Douglas  leading the way with 13. INSIDE THE ARENA:   Spike Lee ,  C.C. Sabathia ,  Charlie Ward  (in town for the Heisman Trophy presentation) and  Mike D  from the Beastie Boys were in the house. Spike was especially fired up on the sideline. ROOKIE WATCH: Landry Fields  continues to make himself an attractive potential trade option, putting up 18 points, nine rebounds and three assists for New York. NOTABLE:  Both Felton and  Ty Lawson  won NCAA titles at North Carolina. UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Wednesday vs. Boston, Friday vs. Miami, Saturday @ Cleveland. For the Nuggets, Tuesday vs. Orlando, Thursday vs. San Antonio, Saturday vs. Minnesota.  