Notebook: Pistons 109, 76ers 101 
 
 
 Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Mon Apr 15, 2013 11:35 PM - Updated Mon Apr 15, 2013 11:35 PM 
 
 THE FACTS: Greg Monroe  had 27 points and 16 rebounds, leading the Detroit Pistons to their fourth straight victory 109-101 over the Philadelphia 76ers at The Palace of Auburn Hills on Monday.  Will Bynum  had 22 points and six assists and  Kyle Singler  contributed 16 points for the Pistons in their home finale.  Dorell Wright  supplied 22 points, eight rebounds and six assists off the bench for the 76ers (33-48), who had won two straight.  Jrue Holiday  had 14 points and  Spencer Hawes  and  Evan Turner  chipped in 13 apiece.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "There's always going to be stuff that happens off the court. There's going to be changes every year. It's about just making sure you play the best you can, you do what you have to do. That's the way I look at it." --  Monroe on his approach to finishing out the string . 
 
 
 THE STAT:  36. Monroe notched his 36th double-double this season, matching the second most by a Piston since  Grant Hill  had 44 during the 1995-96 season. Monroe came into the game just outside the top 10 in the league in double-doubles  
 
 TURNING POINT:  Singler scored 11 of his points during the third quarter, when Detroit erased a three-point halftime deficit and led by as much as 11. He gave his club a 77-71 lead with a 3-pointer and fast-break dunk on back-to-back possessions. Bynum's 3-pointer during the final minute of the quarter made it 82-71. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We're right there. We've just got to piece the right veterans around this group of guys and put guys in the right positions, where they can be successful. It's going to fall into place." --  Bynum on his team's future . 
 
 
 HOT:  Since the All-Star break, Wright was averaging 11.7 points entering the game. He had an even hotter hand on Monday, using a mix of 3-point shots and drives to the basket to rack up his points. Those drives led to free throws and he made 8 of 9. 
 
 NOT:  Philadelphia's interior defenders had a rough night trying to stop Monroe, who shot 10 for 14 from the field. Detroit, which leads the conference in points in the paint, had 50 points in the lane.  
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Detroit center  Andre Drummond  played despite a sprained right ankle but only managed five points and eight rebounds before fouling out.  
 
 IN THE ARENA:  Pistons owner  Tom Gores  addressed the media prior to the game, his first press conference at The Palace since the season opener. Gores said he would soon decide the future of coach  Lawrence Frank  and president of basketball operations  Joe Dumars.  "We're assessing everything fast," he said. "It's a critical time for the franchise. It's important to have a good management team in place. We'll do it fast. We're going to do it very, very quickly but thoroughly." Gores said after last season he expected the team to make the playoffs but his team is heading back to the lottery. The Pistons will have more than $25 million in salary-cap space this offseason to acquire talent. "We've put ourselves in a position to really make moves," he said. "We want to win championships, we want to get to the playoffs, we want to do all those things. We are prepared to do what we have to do to get this franchise moving forward. Make no doubt about it. We want to win. You can spread the word -- we're ready to spend." ... There was a moment of silence prior to the game for the victims of the Boston Marathon bombings.  
 
 NOTABLE:  Philadelphia coach  Doug Collins  refused to take questions about his future amid reports he would resign at the end of the season. His club finishes its season in Indiana and he told his team, 'Let's put one good game together before the season's over. That's the whole thought process on everything." As for his thought process, he would only say, 'Just finish it up. Just finish it up.' ... Detroit's win streak matches its season high. It also had a four-game streak in late December and early January. ...Pistons guard  Jose Calderon  missed his fourth straight game with a strained right triceps. ... Singler is the only Piston to appear in every game.  Spencer Hawes  and  Evan Turner  hold that distinction for the Sixers.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Sixers, Wednesday @ Indiana. For the Pistons, Wednesday @ Brooklyn. 
