  Notebook: Hawks 100, Knicks 90 Posted Saturday March 31, 2012 12:03AM By Matt Winkeljohn, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Friday night was not the homecoming  Mike Woodson  had in mind, and  Joe Johnson  and  Josh Smith  were not kind hosts. The Hawks treated their former head coach rudely, beating the Knicks 100-90 behind 28 points from Johnson and 23 from Smith to give New York just its second loss in 10 games since Woodson became interim coach. Smith scored 17 points in the first half when he made several spectacular plays, but the Knicks hung tough, cutting a 52-40 halftime deficit to pull within a basket in the fourth quarter.  Willie Green  then took over for Atlanta, scoring 15 of his season-high-tying 20 points in the final period as Atlanta ended a two-game losing streak. Carmelo Anthony  scored 36 points for the Knicks, and his 3-point play cut the Atlanta lead to 80-78 with 8:56 left in the game. But from there the Knicks failed to overcome missing six of 11 free throws in the fourth quarter. Woodson, whose contract was not renewed in Atlanta after the 2009-10 season, had to try and win without injured point guard  Jeremy Lin  (left knee) and All-Star forward  Amar'e Stoudemire  (bulging back disc). That didn't go well. Baron Davis  (four points, four turnovers) and former Hawks point guard  Mike Bibby  (no score) were no match for Atlanta's  Jeff Teague . He had 11 points, seven assists three steals and three blocked shots. Only two players scored off the Atlanta bench, but Green and  Marvin Williams  (13 points, seven rebounds) combined to outscore New York's reserves 33-14. QUOTABLE:  "We're trying to make a push for that third spot [in the East and tonight was a good start. [Green] played great. We all know Willie can really score the basketball."   -- Teague on the Hawks, who are sixth in the East, but just 1.5 games beyond Orlando for the third spot. THE STATS:  The Hawks slaughtered the Knicks in three "easy points" categories. Atlanta scored 28 points on 18 New York turnovers while New York scored 17 points on 17 Atlanta miscues. New York also got off one more shot in the paint than Atlanta, but missed at least half a dozen shots from point-blank range and made just 18-of-36 from within the lane (50 percent). The Hawks made 22-of-35 (62.9 percent).The Knicks also missed 11 free throws, going 22-for-33, while Atlanta was 22-for-26 from the line. TURNING POINT:  Moments after Anthony pulled the Knicks within two in the fourth quarter, he stole the ball from Josh Smith, but Baron Davis missed a layup. Green countered with a jumper. Green then rebounded Anthony's missed jumper at the other end, and Joe Johnson hit a 3-pointer. After that, Teague picked off an Anthony pass and dunked to complete a 7-0 Atlanta run (in a span of 56 seconds. New York hardly threatened after that. QUOTABLE II:  "It's frustrating because I really wanted [Woodson] to come back [to Atlanta] and get a win. I think we all wanted to win this for coach."   --  Tyson Chandler HOT:  Green was nearly invisible in the first six games he played after missing 11 games with back spasms and hamstring problems, but he showed up Friday night. He scored 20, and was effective in the fourth quarter. He scored 15 points on 6-for-7 shooting in the period. Before that, he'd scored 20 over the previous six games on 6-for-19 shooting. He hit jumpers, a running floater, and got to the rim a couple times in drives through traffic. In summation: he looked like a different, younger, much healthier and quicker version of his recent self. ... Williams is playing very well off the bench for Atlanta. He has scored in double digits in all six games since returning from a hip flexor, averaging 12.3 points and 6 rebounds while shooting 30-for-54 (55.6 percent) in that time. He had 11 points and six rebounds in the first half. ... Smith had 17 points in the first half. ... Anthony had 12 in the first quarter. ... Rookie guard  Iman Shumpert  has scored 25 points in back-to-back games for the Knicks. His return to Atlanta, where he attended Georgia Tech for three years, went quite well has he made 9-of-14 shots, 3-of-5 3-pointers, had three steals and two assists. ... After making 13-of-14 free throws, Anthony has made 35-of-38 in the past four games (92.1 percent). NOT: J.R. Smith  missed all six of his shots in the first half. ... Chandler missed all three of his free throws. ... The Knicks turned the ball over seven times in the first quarter, leading to 13 Atlanta points. Davis had three of those turnovers. ROOKIE UPDATE:  After Anthony scored 12 points in the first quarter, the only Knick who gave Atlanta problems in the second period was reserve center  Josh Harrelson . He played just 3:18, but had four points, two rebounds, an assist and a steal. IN THE ARENA:  Former Hawks  Kevin Willis , the leading double-double man in franchise history (340), and  Dikembe Mutombo  were in the house. NOTABLE: Tracy McGrady  was in uniform for the Hawks, but went to the locker room shortly before the game and did not play. Team officials said he was ill. ... With five more rebounds, Smith will move into eighth place in franchise history, passing  Dan Roundfield  (4,658). UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Saturday vs. Cleveland, Tuesday @ Indiana, Thursday @ Orlando. For the Hawks, Saturday @ Philadelphia, Wednesday vs. Charlotte, Friday vs. Detroit.  