  Knicks-Jazz notebook   By Andrew Aragon, for NBA.com Posted Thursday January 13, 2011 12:46AM THE FACTS:   C.J. Miles  came off the bench to score 24 points and  Deron Williams  had 24 points and 12 assists as the Utah Jazz beat the New York Knicks 131-125 on Wednesday night. The Jazz had seven players score in double figures in the shootout.  Al Jefferson  had 19 points,  Raja Bell  had 18 and  Paul Millsap  had 17.  Andrei Kirilenko  had one of his best games of the season with 14 points, seven assists, six rebounds and two blocked shots. The Knicks had four players score more than 20 points. Reserve  Shawne Williams  led the way with 25 points and seven 3-pointers. QUOTABLE:  "We had success in the past playing that tempo against them. They run hard on the offensive end and they are a little susceptible on the defensive end running back. So we used that to our advantage today."   -- Deron Williams on Utah beating the Knicks at their own game THE STAT:  31. The Jazz had tremendous ball movement against New York, dishing 31 assists. Utah played unselfishly, made extra passes, found open shooters and shot a solid 58.4 percent. TURNING POINT:  The Jazz built leads of 11 points in the second quarter and 16 early in the third, but couldn't shake the Knicks until late in the game. They put together a 15-3 run that was bridged by the third and fourth quarters to take a 111-97 lead with 8:49 left in the contest. The run started after Wilson Chandler hit a jumper to make it a 96-94 game with 56.8 seconds left in the third quarter. QUOTABLE II:  "We fought as hard as we could fight. And the guys, I thought they played well. We made a lot of comebacks, but we just didn't quite have enough."   -- Knicks coach  Mike D'Antoni  on his team hanging with the Jazz on the final game of their four-game road trip against Western Conference opponents. HOT:  The Jazz shot the ball consistently well. Their worst shooting percentage in a quarter was 52.9 percent in the first quarter. The Knicks' bench kept them in the game. In the first half, it was  Bill Walker  who did most of the damage as he scored 20 of his season-high 23 points before the break. After halftime, the Knicks' Williams caught fire, shooting 7-for-9 in the second half. All of his made baskets after halftime were 3-pointers. NOT:  Not many players were off their game on Wednesday. But  Amar'e Stoudemire  was plagued by foul trouble in the first three quarters and played 27 minutes. He still ended up scoring 22 points. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Wednesday' game was a fantasy owners' dream. Kirilenko, Jefferson, Bell, Williams, Miles,  Mehmet Okur ,  Ronny Turiaf ,  Raymond Felton , Williams and Walker each scored more than their season average. Jefferson also helped his owners by shooting 9-for-13. GOOD MOVE:  Jazz coach  Jerry Sloan  recognized that Miles was feeling it against the Knicks and put him in earlier than usual in the third quarter. Miles responded by scoring 16 points in the second half. BAD MOVE:  The Jazz lost track of Williams, who was shooting 54.2 percent from 3-point range entering Wednesday's game, all too often. Many of his 3-point looks were wide open, and he buried them. Williams' 25 points were a career-high. ROOKIE WATCH:  Knicks rookie  Landry Fields  entered Wednesday's game averaging 10.2 points per game, fourth among rookies. He had a quiet eight points against the Jazz, and contributed five rebounds and one assist. NOTABLE:  Okur returned to action after missing six games with a lower back strain and had 10 points, two rebounds and two assists. The 131 points scored by Utah is the most it has ever had against the Knicks. Stoudemire has 23 consecutive 20-point games. There were three technical fouls in the first half. UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Friday vs. Kings, Monday vs. Suns, Wednesday @ Rockets. For the Jazz, Friday vs. Cavaliers, Monday @ Wizards, Wednesday @ Nets.  