  Notebook: Suns 102, Trail Blazers 77   By Jerry Brown, for NBA.com Posted Saturday January 7, 2012 2:05AM THE FACTS:  The Suns had Thursday off at home. The Blazers got in to Phoenix at 4 a.m. Friday morning after playing Thursday in Portland. Both teams looked like their itineraries on Friday night. With  Steve Nash  looking fresh,  Marcin Gortat  playing without a splint on his broken thumb for the first time and the Phoenix scoring a season-high 30 points in the first quarter, Phoenix opened a big lead early and never relented in a 102-77 win. "It's pretty apparent that is the best we've played all year," Phoenix coach  Alvin Gentry  said. "This is a real quality team. We had a great start, did a great job of getting out and running early. But moreso than anything, we did a great job of defending. The Blazers scored 34 points in the first half and were stuck on 39 with five minutes left in the third quarter while the Suns put the game away with a 12-0 run. Nash made all seven of his shots from the floor and finished with 17 points and nine assists -- one of six Suns to reach double figures. "We just looked like we had heavy legs," Portland coach  Nate McMillian  said. "I thought (the Suns) were just faster throughout the night -- they did a good job of bodying us on cuts and making us work to get into our sets. It just seemed like we were running in quicksand all night." FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Nash went out on the floor without his jersey and had to dash back to the dressing room during introductions. But it was one of the few mistakes he made all night. He made all seven of his shots from the floor (two 3-pointers) both his free throws and put up 17 points, nine assists and two rebounds in 28 minutes. Nash was one shot shy of matching his career best perfect night (8-for-8), which he did twice last season (Dec. 5 vs. Washington and Jan. 2 at Sacramento. QUOTABLE:  "It's big for us bouncing back. I'm sure we're disappointed in the way we played in Dallas (Wednesday) and we had to play one of the best teams in the NBA after beating the Lakers the way they did. We knew they were on a back-to-back and we wanted to push the tempo. I'm just glad we got to them early."   --  Phoenix guard  Jared Dudley . THE STAT:  The 34 points scored by the Blazers in the first half was a season-low for a Suns opponent -- by 11 points. New Orleans had 45 in the first half of a Dec. 30 loss to Phoenix. TURNING POINT:  The Suns were supposed to be the old, slow team while the Blazers were the up-tempo scoring machine (third in the NBA in scoring at 102.8 points coming in). But in the first seven minutes of the game, Phoenix had an 8-0 lead in fastbreak points and a 26-14 lead, with Nash's nine points and five assists leading the way. HOT:  Centers Gortat and  Robin Lopez  combined for 17 points, 20 rebounds and two blocks in 44 minutes on the floor. NOT:  The Blazers shot a season-low 32.9 percent from the field (25-for-76) and was 2-for-18 from the field (11.1 percent) and scored a season-low 77 points -- 11 below the 88 they scored in their only other loss -- 93-88 at the Los Angeles Clippers on New Year's Day. NOTABLE:  Gortat played without a brace on his fractured right thumb for the first time this season and backed up a 22-point, 10 rebound effort in Dallas with 12 points on 6-for-8 shooting and eight rebounds. Gortat is now shooting 36-for-61 (59 percent) from the field in the first seven games of the season. STAT II:  Dudley led the Suns in scoring with 18 points. He's the seventh different Phoenix player to lead Phoenix in scoring in the first seven games of the season. The others are Robin Lopez , Ronnie Price, Hakim Warrick , Morris, Nash and Gortat. QUOTABLE II:  "We just didn't have it. We came out flat from the beginning and they ran away with it. We tried to get back in there, but they had more energy than us."   --  Blazers forward  LaMarcus Aldridge . UP NEXT:  For the Blazers, Sunday vs. the Cavaliers, Tuesday vs. the Clippers and Friday vs. the Magic. For the Suns, Sunday vs. the Bucks, Tuesday @ Los Angeles Lakers and Thursday vs. the Cavaliers.  