Notebook: Warriors108, Cavaliers 95 
 
 
 Brian Dulik, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Jan 29, 2013 11:28 PM - Updated Tue Jan 29, 2013 11:28 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:  Shooting guard  Klay Thompson  made six 3-pointers and scored a career-high 32 points, leading the Golden State Warriors to a 108-95 victory over the Cleveland Cavaliers. Point guard  Jarrett Jack  had 26 points and a career-high tying 12 assists for Golden State, while power forward  David Lee  amassed 20 points, a game-best 13 rebounds and eight assists. Shooting guard  Dion Waiters  and power forward  Tristan Thompson  had 18 points apiece for the Cavaliers, who had their season-long winning streak snapped at three games. The Warriors played without injured starters  Stephen Curry ,  Harrison Barnes  and  Andrew Bogut . 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "No matter who is out there, we're still going to play Warriors basketball. We could have mailed it in on the last game of a road trip tonight, but everybody stepped up with a bunch of guys out." 
 -- Warriors power forward  David Lee 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Warriors made their first nine 3-point attempts, finally missing when Thompson jacked up a 32-footer late in the third quarter. "I kind of regret that shot, but it was on line," the second-year pro said, laughing. "If it had gone in, I definitely would have tried another one." Thompson finished the night 6-for-8 beyond the arc, making him 10-for-12 on 3-pointers in two career games at Quicken Loans Arena. "(Assistant coach  Michael) Malone  told me this was a great shooting building," he said. "I guess it's just something about Cleveland for me." 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Despite being without three starters and backup power forward  Carl Landry , Golden State jumped out to a 13-4 advantage before many fans got settled in their seats. It set the tone for everything that followed as the Warriors built a 16-point lead and cruised to the road triumph. "They came out aggressive, and we just seemed like we were on our heels all night long," said Cavaliers coach  Byron Scott , whose team had won its previous three home games. "We just didn't play with energy or a sense of urgency for whatever reason." 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I had to channel my inner Stephen Curry tonight. I didn't know the extent of our injuries until I walked in the arena, so definitely, this was a grind-out win. It was a total team effort once again." 
 -- Warriors point guard  Jarrett Jack 
 
 
 HOT:  Thompson, Lee and Jack combined to shoot 32-for-54 from the field (59.3 percent) -- including 9-for-12 on 3-pointers (75.0 percent) -- and scored 78 of the Warriors' 108 points. ... Golden State shooting guard  Kent Bazemore  scored a career-high nine points in 30 minutes off the bench. In the Warriors' previous five games, the undrafted rookie from Old Dominion had a total of four points in nine minutes. ... Cavaliers center  Tyler Zeller  scored 16 points on 6-for-9 field goals and 4-for-4 free throws. The first-round draft pick from North Carolina also tied his season best with five assists. 
 
 NOT:  Cavaliers point guard  Kyrie Irving , who sat out the morning shootaround with the flu, was held to 14 points and four assists in 36 uneven minutes. The NBA All-Star and current Eastern Conference Player of the Week missed 12 of his 17 field goal attempts. ... Cleveland small forward  Alonzo Gee  went scoreless in 28 minutes and was abused defensively by Thompson. ... Cavaliers shooting guard  C.J. Miles  unloaded eight 3-pointers in 16 minutes, making two. ... Warriors small forward  Richard Jefferson  made his first start of the season, but only scored three points with one rebound. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "I just wasn't myself out there in terms of my mental focus, but that's no excuse. I was trying to find something deep within tonight, but I just couldn't find it; couldn't hit a shot. I'm just feeling like crap." 
 -- Cavaliers point guard  Kyrie Irving 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Warriors coach  Mark Jackson  stuck with his plan to rest Bogut on the second half of back-to-back game sets. The 7-foot Australian, who is recovering from offseason left ankle surgery, missed 38 contests from Nov. 9, 2012 to Jan. 26, 2013 before returning Monday at Toronto. "Andrew makes us a much better team, but we've got to be careful with him coming back," Jackson said. "He's not going to play back-to-back games for us until after the All-Star break." 
 
 BAD MOVE:  The Cavaliers psychologically let down after learning that Golden State shooting guard Curry (right ankle sprain), small forward Barnes (left knee soreness), Landry (left shoulder bruise), and Bogut would not play. "We didn't match their intensity and they hit us in the mouth,"  Tristan Thompson  said. "Three of their main players were out tonight, but their reserve guys really stepped up." Curry, Barnes and Landry were all hurt Monday against the Raptors. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Curry has undergone surgery on his right ankle in each of the last two offseasons. The son of former Cavaliers shooting guard  Dell Curry  was injured when he stepped on the foot of Toronto power forward  Ed Davis . ... Cleveland played without shooting guard  Daniel "Boobie" Gibson  (right big toe sprain) and power forward  Luke Walton  (left foot, left ankle soreness). Gibson is in a walking boot, while Walton warmed up before the game before being scratched. ... Thompson underwent X-rays in the fourth quarter after bruising his left middle finger, but they were negative. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Warriors, Thursday vs. Dallas, Saturday vs. Phoenix, Tuesday @ Houston. For the Cavaliers, Friday @ Detroit, Saturday vs. Oklahoma City, Feb. 6 vs. Charlotte. 
