  Notebook: Jazz 108, Timberwolves 98   By Andrew Aragon, for NBA.com Posted Sunday January 22, 2012 12:39AM THE FACTS:  Against a player regarded among the elite at his position, Utah Jazz power forward  Paul Millsap  made a statement. Millsap scored 26 points -- including 12 in the fourth quarter -- to lead the Jazz to a 108-98 win over  Kevin Love  and the Minnesota Timberwolves on Saturday night. Millsap also had nine rebounds, which was one more than Love recorded.  Al Jefferson  and  C.J. Miles  each had 18 points for Utah. Jefferson also had 12 rebounds. Minnesota was led by rookie sensation  Ricky Rubio , who had 17 points and 11 assists. QUOTABLE:  "I didn't know people were chanting it, it was just brought to my attention. I sure appreciate it though."  --  Jazz forward Millsap on Utah fans chanting "All-Star" during one of his trips to the free-throw line. THE STAT:  The Jazz had to beat the Timberwolves on the boards to win the game, and they did just that. They had a 46-35 edge on the boards over Minnesota, a team that features one of the best rebounders in the league in Love. TURNING POINT:  After squandering what was a 14-point lead midway through the third quarter, the Jazz finally pulled away from the pesky Timberwolves in the final minutes. Back-to-back baskets by Millsap and Jefferson gave the Jazz a nice cushion at 104-96. Jefferson's close-range jumper came with 3:17 remaining, and Minnesota never got closer. HOT:  Utah's starting guards were efficient.  Raja Bell  shot 5-for-6 and scored 12 points.  Devin Harris , much maligned after Utah's loss to Dallas on Thursday and the subject of trade rumors, rebounded nicely with nine points on 4-for-5 shooting with three assists in 22 minutes. Minnesota's  Wes Johnson  averaged just 5.7 points per contest entering Saturday's game, but topped that total after taking three shots in the first quarter. He had 13 points on 5-for-6 shooting and six rebounds.  Luke Ridnour  gave the Timberwolves a lift by shooting 3-for-4 from 3-point range and scoring 10 points. NOT:  Love, who had 15 points and eight rebounds, had one of his least productive outings of the season. He had a rough shooting night, going 5-for-21 and was 1-for-7 from 3-point range. He finished well below his averages in points (24.7) and rebounds (14.5) entering Saturday's game. It was the first time this season that Love didn't record a double-double. QUOTABLE II:  "That's one of those thing we knew we had to take away from them -- rebounding. They have the top rebounder in the league on their team and everybody else kind of feeds off him. We won that battle and it helped us win the game."  --  Utah center Jefferson on the Jazz outrebounding the Timberwolves. GOOD MOVE:  So what do you do if you have a struggling starting point guard and a backup that's running the offense more efficiently? Jazz coach  Tyrone Corbin's  solution was to play them together -- and it worked in the final minutes of the game. Starting point guard Harris and backup  Earl Watson  were on the floor together in the final two minutes. Watson ran the offense, and Harris was a threat at shooting guard. Watson assisted on a layup by Millsap to put Utah ahead 106-96, and then finished off the Timberwolves with a layup following an assist from Jefferson. ROOKIE WATCH:  The Timberwolves had a big advantage in play from their rookies. Rubio put on a show with no-look passes and an alley-oop to fellow first-year player  Derrick Williams . Rubio showed off some speed as well, beating Utah's  Derrick Favors  to the hoop for a layup when Favors had a good angle on him. Williams shot 6-for-11 and scored a career-high 15 points. For the Jazz,  Alec Burks  is shooting too much and not passing enough. He shot 2-for-8, scored four points and had no assists.  Enes Kanter , taken one pick after Williams in last summer's draft at third overall, had six points on 3-for-3 shooting in 11 minutes. NOTABLE:  Miles scored in double figures for the third straight game, while Bell tied a season-high in points. The Timberwolves had their three-game winning streak snapped. UP NEXT:  For the Timberwolves, Monday vs. Rockets, Wednesday @ Dallas, Friday vs. Spurs. For the Jazz, Wednesday vs. Raptors, Friday @ Dallas, Saturday vs. Kings.  