  Notebook: Sixers 99, Celtics 86 Posted Saturday March 24, 2012 12:17AM By Andy Jasner, for NBA.com THE FACTS:   Elton Brand  scored 20 points and led six Philadelphia 76ers in double figures in their resounding 99-86 victory over the Boston Celtics Friday night at the Wells Fargo Center.  Lou Williams  added 19 points,  Jrue Holiday  contributed 15 and  Andre Iguodala  scored 14. After a slow start in which they fell behind by 10, the Sixers rallied and improved to 27-21. Paul Pierce  and  Kevin Garnett  scored 20 points apiece for the Celtics.  Brandon Bass  had 18 but the Celtics (25-22) had their two-game winning streak snapped. QUOTABLE:  "I have total confidence in my game. When they need me, I'm going to be prepared."   -- Brand on his performance. THE STAT:  The Sixers outrebounded Boston 46-35, including 14-3 on the offensive glass. TURNING POINT:  The Sixers turned a six-point halftime deficit into a 14-point lead following the third quarter. Philadelphia outscored the Celtics 37-17 in the third and completely swayed the momentum in its favor. How? Stingy defense, rebounding on both ends of the court and getting out on the fast break. HOT:  Brand knocked down 10 of his 15 shots with most coming from the perimeter. NOT:  Sixers shooting guard  Jodie Meeks  was 0-for-6 in 16 minutes off the bench. QUOTABLE II:  "This is the EB we've seen recently that we saw last year."   -- Sixers coach  Doug Collins  on Brand. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Iguodala filled the stat sheet once again with 14 points, eight assists and six rebounds. He was aggressive from the start and played a solid all-around game. ... Celtics point guard  Rajon Rondo  was also superb in a losing effort with six points, five rebounds and 17 assists. INSIDE THE ARENA:  It was a late-arriving crowd for Friday's Celtics-76ers battle at the Wells Fargo Center. As the first quarter ended, the building was packed and loud as always for this rivalry. Sixers co-owner  Will Smith  walked to his front-row seat midway through the second and received a standing ovation. QUOTABLE III:  "Everything is going wrong right now. We have a resilient group, but we keep sustaining injuries."  -- Celtics coach  Doc Rivers . GOOD MOVE:   Evan Turner  handled the ball quite a bit, giving Holiday more freedom to maneuver on the perimeter. The strategy worked and gave the Sixers' offense the flow it had been missing in recent games. BAD MOVE:  Pierce was hot in the early going and the Celtics inexplicably went away from him at times. MILESTONE:  Collins earned his 400th career victory as an NBA head coach with the Chicago Bulls, Detroit Pistons, Washington Wizards and the Sixers. He became the 40th coach in league history to reach that milestone and 68 of those wins have come with the Sixers. INJURY UPDATE:  Celtics guard  Mickael Pietrus  was carted off on a gurney following a hard spill with 5:08 left in the second quarter. He appeared to whiplash his neck after landing hard on his lower back following a collision with Williams. Pietrus was taken in an ambulance to a local hospital where an X-Ray, CT Scan and MRI were being taken. There was no immediate word on Pietrus' condition following the game. After the injury occurred, Pietrus threw up on the court. About 10 minutes later, he was taken off and transported to a hospital. "They're going to hold him overnight," Rivers said. "It looked awful. I just saw his neck snap and he was throwing up. ... It was tough for all of us to see." ROOKIE WATCH:  Boston forward  JaJuan Johnson  was scoreless but had two blocked shots. Guard  E'Twaun Moore  scored four points while center  Greg Stiemsma  had two points and two blocks. For the Sixers,  Nikola Vucevic  and  Lavoy Allen  didn't play for the second straight game. NOTABLE:  Celtics guard  Ray Allen  missed the game with a sore right ankle. ... Holiday, Collins and Boston center  Ryan Hollins  all received technical fouls in the second quarter. ... Rondo had 10 assists in the first half. ...  Spencer Hawes  had 12 points and 10 rebounds, his second double-double in the last three games and the eighth of the season. ... Williams scored 11 of his 19 points in the fourth, marking the 10th time he has scored 10 or more in the final quarter this season. NEXT:  For the Celtics, Sunday vs. Washington, Monday @ Charlotte, Wednesday vs. Utah. For the Sixers, Sunday @ San Antonio, Tuesday vs. Cleveland, Friday @ Washington.  