  Notebook: Mavericks 101, Rockets 99 Posted Sunday March 25, 2012 12:23AM By Matt Miller For NBA.com  THE FACTS:  With the possibility of missing the playoffs creeping into the minds of the defending champions, the Dallas Mavericks earned what head coach  Rick Carlisle  called their "biggest win of the year." Dirk Nowitzki  scored a game-high 31 points and grabbed seven rebounds, and  Jason Terry  added 24 points on 9-for-16 shooting off the bench to lead the Mavericks to a thrilling 101-99 overtime victory over the Rockets on Saturday at Toyota Center. Goran Dragic  paced Houston's attack with 24 points, eight assists and five boards, while  Luis Scola  poured in 19 points to go with six rebounds and four assists. Dallas (28-22) blocked a season-high 15 shots and limited Houston to 38.5 percent shooting from the field to halt a two-game skid. Houston (26-23), meanwhile, has lost nine of its last 14 contests to drop to ninth place in the Western Conference. QUOTABLE:  "It's the biggest win of the year for us. It really is. We were fighting back all night ... and the guys just kept hanging in there. ...These are big games, because ... one win or loss and you can move up or down three or four spots."  --  Carlisle. THE STAT:  The Rockets outrebounded the Mavericks 52-38 (16-5 offensively), scored 18 more second-chance points (25-7), netted eight more fast-break points (10-2), connected on three more 3-pointers (9-6), made the same amount of field goals and still lost. TURNING POINT:  Dallas had the ball and a 97-95 advantage with less than two minutes remaining in overtime when  Jason Kidd  used a pump-fake to earn a wide-open look at a 3-pointer. Kidd's shot drew iron, however, and  Courtney Lee  (16 points, five boards) rose up and hit a deep 2-pointer on the other end to knot the game at 97 with 1:30 left in the extra session. The Rockets had an opportunity to regain the lead after  Shawn Marion  missed a hook shot, but Dragic picked up a charging foul to squander that possession. The Mavericks did not waste their next possession, though, as Terry connected on a mid-range jumper that put Dallas ahead for good. Lee tried to tie the game with his own mid-range shot, but Mavericks forward  Brandan Wright  (career-high seven blocks) deflected the ball off-course with his fingertips. TURNING POINT II:  The Mavericks were closing in on the win, leading 90-88 with 10.9 seconds left in the fourth quarter, but Nowitzki missed one of two free-throw attempts to keep Houston's deficit at one possession. The Rockets took full advantage of the German's rare miss as  Chandler Parsons  (12 points, 11 rebounds) drilled a trey from the top of the key with 3.3 seconds remaining, sending the game into overtime. HOT:  Terry willed the Mavericks to a much-needed victory with timely shot-making. The league's top fourth-quarter scorer netted 14 points on 5-for-8 shooting in the fourth period and overtime. QUOTABLE II:  "I love playing in this building. It's a great shooting background, and I'm very comfortable here. It's just a situation, again, where my team needs me to step up. They said it was a playoff game, and that's all I needed to hear."  --  Terry on his propensity for delivering in the clutch when playing inside Toyota Center. NOT:  Houston received little offensive production from its bench, which combined for only 13 points on 25.0 percent (6-for-24) shooting and two assists. Dallas' reserves teamed up to net 44 points and distribute eight assists. BAD MOVE:  The Mavericks committed an eight-second violation with six seconds remaining in overtime, handing Houston one final chance to win or extend the game. Fortunately for Dallas,  Chase Budinger's  buzzer-beating corner 3-pointer did not fall. NOTABLE:  Nowitzki (23,758 points) passed TNT analyst  Charles Barkley  (23,757) for 19th place on the NBA's all-time scoring list when he sank a free throw with 18.5 seconds remaining in overtime. ... Rockets guard  Kevin Martin  (strained right shoulder) missed his seventh consecutive game. ... The Mavericks played without  Brendan Haywood  (sprained right knee) for the fifth consecutive game, but Carlisle did not rule out the possibility that Haywood could return to Dallas' lineup Tuesday. ... Saturday's game featured 15 ties and 17 lead changes. ... Mavericks forward  Lamar Odom  finished with two rebounds and one turnover in 13-plus minutes on the floor one night after receiving his first career DNP-CD. ... Kidd has handed out 34 assists and committed only four turnovers over his last seven games. ... Marion pulled down a season-high 15 rebounds. ... Dallas improved to 11-6 this season on the second night of a back-to-back set. ... The Mavericks have won five consecutive meetings with the Rockets. ... Dallas is now 15-1 when it scores at least 100 points. ... Houston fell to 3-15 when trailing at halftime. ... The Rockets have grabbed at least nine more rebounds than each of their last four opponents. ... Parsons has recorded a double-double in two straight games. UP NEXT:  For the Mavericks, Tuesday vs. Houston, Thursday @ Miami (TNT), Friday @ Orlando (ESPN). For the Rockets, Monday vs. Sacramento, Tuesday @ Dallas, Friday vs. Memphis.  