Notebook: Rockets 113, Mavericks 105 
 
 
 Matt Miller, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Nov 02, 2013 12:27 AM - Updated Sat Nov 02, 2013 12:27 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Houston Rockets defeated the Dallas Mavericks Friday at Toyota Center in the first NBA regular-season game to feature two Israeli-born players -- Dallas'  Gal Mekel  and Houston's  Omri Casspi . 
 
 THE LEAD: James Harden  suffered a minor scare Wednesday when his back tightened up, but he felt just fine Friday in the Rockets' 113-105 victory over the Mavericks.  
 Harden torched Dallas for a game-high 34 points, spearheading an offensive effort for Houston that was much improved from Wednesday's grind-it-out win over the Charlotte Bobcats. The Rockets' renewed desire to run the court created space for Jeremy Lin and Casspi, who combined for 26 points on 8-for-17 shooting.  Dwight Howard  (13 points, 16 rebounds) added his second double-double in a row for Houston (2-0), but the 6-foot-10 big man experienced another up-and-down night at the free-throw line (5-for-12).  
 
 Dirk Nowitzki  tried to lead the Mavericks (1-1) on the comeback trail with 22 points, but Dallas faded down the stretch after the 16-year veteran fouled out midway through the fourth quarter.  Monta Ellis  chipped in with 20 points on 7-for-19 shooting, while  Shawn Marion  snatched 10 boards.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "Our transition defense was not good, and [Harden] got angles, as he's very good at doing, and got to the free-throw line and hit timely 3s. He did a little bit of everything." 
 
 -- Dallas coach  Rick Carlisle   
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Rockets knew they did not push the ball up the court often enough in their season-opener, but they were certainly committed to running against the Mavericks. After scoring only seven fast-break points Wednesday, Houston poured in 19 points on the break against Dallas. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Mavericks stormed back after digging a 22-point deficit thanks to zone defense, intentional fouls on Howard and a stronger effort on the boards. A Nowitzki layup trimmed Houston's advantage to 76-70, but Harden created some distance for the Rockets by netting seven of the game's next nine points. In the midst of this personal run, Harden also baited Nowitzki into his fifth foul, leaving the Mavericks' offense without its most important piece for the following five minutes. Nowtizki also sat the final 6:11 of regulation after Harden drew his sixth foul in similar fashion -- on an aggressive drive in transition.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "That's what [other teams] want to do is slow us up. ... We just have to keep up the ball movement and keep attacking the space [on the court]. Like I said, I just wanted to be aggressive and get out in transition before the zone [defense] can get set up."  
 
 -- Harden 
 
 
 HOT:  Harden battled through a stiff back and never found his shooting touch until late in Wednesday's season-opener against Charlotte, but he looked more like his usual self Friday. The 6-foot-5 shooting guard finished 11-for-17 (64.7 percent) from the field, backing up his pregame comments that his back had loosened up significantly.  
 
 NOT:  The Mavericks did not come close to emulating the ball movement and offensive firepower they displayed in their season-opening victory over the Hawks. Dallas, which dished out 31 dimes Wednesday, handed out just 11 assists over the first three periods of Friday's defeat.  
 
 GOOD MOVE:  With his team reeling and trailing by 22 midway through the second quarter, Carlisle switched to a zone defense to disrupt the Rockets. Houston, which poured in 55 points over the first 18-plus minutes of Friday's affair, managed only 10 points over the next 10-and-half minutes. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "We have to make sure that we don't allow other people's adjustments to shape the way that we play. I think we have to make sure to put our foot down in terms of this is how we're going to play." 
 
 -- Rockets guard  Jeremy Lin 
 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Mavericks center  Samuel Dalembert  got into early foul trouble, forcing Carlisle to bring the undersized  DeJuan Blair  into the game to match up with Howard. Blair was simply out of his element, as Howard pummeled Blair on the boards to help Houston take full control of the tempo and scoreboard.  
 
 NOTABLE:  The Rockets announced Friday that starting point guard  Patrick Beverley  will miss at least 10-14 days with a partially torn muscle in his midsection. ... Veteran guard  Ronnie Brewer  made his Rockets debut, logging more than seven minutes. ... Dallas' Marion collected two steals Friday and is now only three thefts shy of passing  Charles Barkley  for 21st on the NBA's all-time steals list. ... Houston has opened its season with back-to-back 50-plus rebound performances. ... The Rockets have drained at least 10 3-pointers in each of their last six regular-season meetings with the Mavericks.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Mavericks: Saturday vs. Memphis, Tuesday vs. L.A. Lakers, Wednesday @ Oklahoma City. For the Rockets: Saturday @ Utah, Monday @ L.A. Clippers, Tuesday @ Portland. 
