Notebook: Raptors 97, Magic 95 
 
 
 Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Thu Jan 24, 2013 11:30 PM - Updated Thu Jan 24, 2013 11:30 PM 
 
 THE FACTS: DeMar DeRozan  scored 14 of his 22 points in the fourth quarter, including a fadeaway 22-footer at the buzzer, to lead the Toronto Raptors to a 97-95 victory over the Orlando Magic. 
 DeRozan's game-winning shot kept the Raptors from going into overtime for the fourth time in five games and completed a four-game season sweep of the Magic, who have lost 15 of their last 17 games. 
 After leading for most of the game, the Raptors found themselves tied at 95-95 when  E'Twaun Moore  scored on an offensive rebound for the Magic with 20.9 seconds left.  Toronto set up a play for DeRozan, but the Magic defense forced him toward the corner where he launched a shot over  Glen Davis . 
 
 Nik Vucevic  led six Magic scorers in double figures with 19 points and also took down a game-high 14 rebounds. 
 
 Amir Johnson  had 21 points and 10 rebounds for Toronto. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "It seems like we are always in that situation every night. We just learn from it, and we have to be patient and stay focused." --  DeRozan. 
 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I was actually guarding him. They set a screen, we switched it. I figured he didn't have enough time to pass so the shot was the play . . . Both teams made good plays down the stretch. They just got the last one." --  Magic forward  Arron Afflalo. 
 
 
 THE STAT:  When opponents commit 10 or fewer turnovers against them, the Magic are 1-15. The Raptors committed 10. 
 
 TURNING POINT: Jameer Nelson's  layup with 5:25 remaining had given the Magic their only lead of the second half, 84-83. But after a timeout,  Alan Anderson  regained the lead for the Raptors with an easy layup and  Terrence Ross  followed with a long jumper.  
 
 HOT:  DeRozan made 7-of-8 shots in the fourth quarter on six jump shots and a dunk. 
 
 NOT:  Nelson, who had 14 points, 11 assists, seven rebounds and three steals, shot only 5-for-13 and Redick shot 4-for-11.  
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "I just think the basketball gods are against us right now. They've turned their backs on us. We need to get back on their good graces." --  Redick. 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  During their final timeout with 4.3 seconds left, the Raptors decided to go with their hot hand -- DeRozan. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  With the Raptors up by four, Ross left J.J. Redick open for a 3-pointer, then fouled Redick on the shot. The four-point play tied the game with 53.1 seconds left. 
 
 IN THE ARENA:  British golfer and Ryder Cup champion  Ian Poulter  attended the game with his son. 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  In his seven starts for the Raptors, the 6-foot-9 Johnson averages 17 points and 9.1 rebounds. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Ross came off the Toronto bench for 10 points in 23 1/2 minutes . . . Magic rookies  Mo Harkless  and  Andrew Nicholson  produced two points in a combined 20 minutes. They came on a spectacular dunk by Harkless. 
 
 NOTABLE:  The Magic have lost eight straight against losing teams . . . If DeRozan's final shot had missed, the Raptors would have gone into overtime for the fourth time in nine days. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Raptors: Saturday vs. Cleveland, Monday vs. Golden State, Wednesday @ Atlanta. For the Magic: Sunday vs. Detroit, Monday @ Brooklyn, Wednesday @ New York. 
