  Notebook: Jazz 113, Cavaliers 105   By Andrew Aragon, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday January 11, 2012 1:22AM THE FACTS: Al Jefferson  continues to be one of the hottest players in the NBA, scoring a season-high 30 points with a season-high 12 rebounds to lead the Utah Jazz to a 113-105 victory over the Cleveland Cavaliers on Tuesday night. Since missing a game with an ankle injury, Jefferson has averaged 22.3 points and 9.3 rebounds in six contests. The Jazz, who improved to 5-0 at home, won all six of those games. Jefferson shot 13-for-17 against the Cavaliers. For the Cavaliers,  Antawn Jamison  had 20 points and seven rebounds. QUOTABLE:  "I go back to his work in the summer. He really committed himself to get in better and better shape. He took the whole summer to get his body in shape and it was a huge sacrifice on his part. He understood the sense of urgency for him to get better in order for us to get better. I can't say enough about how pleased I am about the fact that he decided to get better."   -- Jazz coach  Tyrone Corbin  on Jefferson's emergence so far this season. THE STAT:  The Jazz's shooting percentage was a scorching and season-best 59.2 in their win over the Cavaliers. They shot the ball so well because they executed their offense to create dozens of close-range shots. They shot 65.5 percent in the first three quarters, and finished with 56 points scored in the paint. TURNING POINT:  Utah won the game in the second quarter when Cleveland's shooters went ice cold. In the final five minutes of the first half, the Cavaliers shot 0-for-7, committed three turnovers and scored one point. The Cavaliers couldn't even make shots when no one was guarding them, as they were 1-for-4 from the free-throw line during the span. The Jazz closed the half on an 11-1 run, taking a 52-43 lead into the locker room. HOT: Paul Millsap  had a hot hand for the Jazz before fouling out. He made his first nine shots and scored 19 points. In his last three home games, Millsap has shot 22-for-26 for 84.6 percent.  Derrick Favors , also slowed by foul trouble, shot 5-for-6 and finished with 14 points.  Josh Howard  continues to spark the Jazz off the bench, as he had 17 points on 6-for-9 shooting. NOT:  Jamison rebounded in the second half, but struggled before halftime. He shot just 3-for-12 and scored seven points in the first half. Jazz starters  Gordon Hayward  (1-for-5) and  Devin Harris  (2-for-9) as well as reserve  C.J. Miles  (2-for-8) did not shoot the ball well. QUOTABLE II:  "They had a two-headed monster tonight. They had Al Jefferson and Paul Millsap. We tried to make the adjustments as much as possible. They were really effective."   -- Cavaliers guard  Kyrie Irving  on Utah's big men. BAD MOVE:  Both teams picked up technical fouls in the fourth quarter. For the Jazz, 6-foot-1  Earl Watson  was whistled for a technical for elbowing 7-foot  Semih Erden  while getting past a screen early in the fourth quarter. Cavs coach  Byron Scott  got a technical while arguing a traveling call on  Anthony Parker . Scott's technical was much more costly than Watson's as it came with Cleveland trailing 102-94 with 2:19 left in the game, giving the Jazz a free throw and possession to effectively end the game. FANTASY WATCH:  Either pick up Jefferson or make sure he's in your lineup. His play has been consistent, as he's scored at least 20 points in five of his last six games. ROOKIE WATCH:  Cleveland's Irving played like a No.1 overall pick, finishing with 20 points and five assists in 27 minutes. He was able to create his own shots, and drive to the basket against Utah's overmatched point guards. He also showed off his range, hitting a 3-pointer in the third quarter. Cleveland also got a boost from  Tristan Thompson , who nearly matched his season average of eight points per game when he scored seven points in less than three minutes in the second quarter. For the Jazz,  Enes Kanter  -- taken two picks after Irving in last June's draft -- had two points and four rebounds in nine minutes. Utah's  Alec Burks  had four points in eight minutes. NOTABLE:  Hayward dished a career-high eight assists. Millsap was the first Jazzman to make his first nine shots since  Carlos Boozer  did it in January of 2008. UP NEXT:  For the Cavaliers, Thursday @ Phoenix, Friday @ L.A. Lakers, Monday @ Charlotte. For the Jazz, Wednesday vs. Lakers, Saturday vs. Nets, Sunday @ Denver.  