  Notebook: Mavericks 82, Sixers 75 Posted Friday February 17, 2012 11:28PM By Andy Jasner, for NBA.com THE FACTS: Dirk Nowitzki  scored 28 points and grabbed 12 rebounds, leading the Dallas Mavericks past the Philadelphia 76ers 82-75 Friday night at the Wells Fargo Center.  Dominique Jones  scored 12 points and  Vince Carter  had 10 points as the Mavericks (20-11) pulled away for their sixth straight win. Nikola Vucevic  scored a career-high 16 points while  Thaddeus Young  scored 14 and  Lou Williams  12 for the Sixers, who lost their season-high third in a row at home. The Sixers fell to 20-11. QUOTABLE:  "The story of the game was defense."  --  Mavericks head coach  Rick Carlisle , on holding the Sixers to 34-percent shooting overall and 24 points in the second half. THE STAT:  Nowitzki scored 24 points in the second half. The Sixers managed just 24 points total in the second half. It's easy to see how the Mavericks were able to win. TURNING POINT:  The Sixers went ice cold after a 51-point first half and shot 9-for-42 in the second half It allowed the Mavericks to slowly climb back into the game and eventually pull away. HOT:  Nowitzki scored 24 of his 28 points in the second half and carried the Mavericks when they needed it most. NOT:  The Sixers' starting guards --  Jrue Holiday  and  Jodie Meeks  -- combined to shoot 0-for-12. Holiday missed all nine shots and Meeks was 0-for-3. QUOTABLE II:  "Just keep giving the ball to Dirk and he's going to make something happen."  --  Jones. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Mavericks point guard  Jason Kidd  was terrific with nine points, nine rebounds and eight assists. Kidd nearly picked up his first triple-double this season. He has 107 in his illustrious career. INSIDE THE ARENA:  There was a boisterous crowd of 19,369 for the Mavericks-76ers game Friday night at the Wells Fargo Center. The fans were buzzing throughout, even during a second-half drought by the Sixers. Phillies first baseman  Ryan Howard  attended the game and received a rousing standing ovation. Mavericks owner  Mark Cuban  and Sixers owner  Josh Harris  each were in attendance. QUOTABLE III:  "We just didn't make shots. We had some decent looks. The ball just didn't go in for us."  --  Andre Iguodala . GOOD MOVE:  The Mavericks went to Nowitzki more often in the second half. The veteran forward took over the game with an array of offensive moves. BAD MOVE:  The Sixers' offense stalled far too often in the halfcourt, especially in crunch time. They couldn't get anything going in the open court and then struggled to get clean looks in any sets. ROOKIE WATCH:  The Mavericks feature no rookies on their roster. In fact, they have eight players with 10 or more years of experience. For the Sixers, forward  Lavoy Allen  started and finished with eight points and a career-high 10 rebounds. Vucevic added a career-best 16 points to go along with seven rebounds. Vucevic was 7-for-8 from the field. NOTABLE:  Nowitzki needed one blocked shot to reach 1,000 for his career going into the contest, and he still needs one. Nowitzki, who has made 1,214 3-pointers in his career, is on his way to becoming one of only three players in NBA history with at least 1,000 3-pointers and 1,000 blocked shots, joining  Clifford Robinson  and  Rasheed Wallace . ... The Mavericks played without guards  Rodrigue Beaubois  and  Jason Terry  (personal reasons) and guard  Delonte West  (right ring finger fracture). ... Sixers center  Spencer Hawes  was out for the 17th time this season with a strained left Achilles. Hawes has been placed in a walking boot and he will wear it for at least two more weeks. Hawes will also get a second opinion during the All-Star break. ... The Sixers scored just eight points in the third quarter, their lowest output in any quarter this season. The same goes for the 24 points in the second half, which is also a low mark since the Wells Fargo Center opened in 1996. ... The Sixers missed 13 of their 14 3-pointers. ... Dallas has won 10 of the last 12 meetings with the Sixers, including three straight. NEXT:  For the Mavericks, Sunday @ New York, Monday vs. Boston, Wednesday vs. L.A. Lakers. For the Sixers, Sunday @ Minnesota, Tuesday @ Memphis, Wednesday @ Houston.  