Notebook: Spurs 104, Warriors 93 
 
 
 Tim Price, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Mar 20, 2013 11:54 PM - Updated Wed Mar 20, 2013 11:54 PM 
 
 THE FACTS: Tim Duncan  had his third straight high-production game, this time scoring 25 points and grabbing 13 rebounds to lead the San Antonio Spurs to a 104-93 victory over the Golden State Warriors on Wednesday at AT&T Center. It's the 29th consecutive victory for the Spurs over the Warriors in San Antonio. 
 More importantly, the Spurs (52-16) opened a 2 ½-game lead over Oklahoma City for the top seed in the West. The Spurs also have the tiebreaker thus far. The Thunder lost in overtime Wednesday at Memphis. 
 Duncan's last three games -- all wins without the injured  Tony Parker  in the lineup -- have gone for 28 points, 30 points and the 25 from Wednesday. The Spurs could get Parker back Friday after he missed the past eight games with an ankle sprain (the Spurs are 6-2 without him). 
 The Warriors (39-31) had won four of five coming in and had a franchise first of winning consecutive road games by 20 points or more (they had allowed just 75 points per game and 33-percent shooting in Houston and New Orleans). 
 
 Stephen Curry  led Golden State with 24 points, and he hit half of his eight 3-pointers. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "[Duncan] is just unbelievable. He's figuring out how to play great at his age. It's not easy. He's not the same guy he was 10 years ago." 
 -- Spurs'  Tiago Splitter 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Warriors were burned by their own hand tonight -- they committed 17 turnovers and were doubled up in points off turnovers 26-13. It got particularly messy for them in the fourth quarter when they turned the ball over fives times and the Spurs scored eight points off those mistakes. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  After Golden State trimmed a 13-point San Antonio lead to four with 3 ½ minutes to go on a pair of free throws by Curry, the Spurs outscored the Warriors 12-3 over the next 2 ½ minutes to put the game away. Duncan scored half of those points, had a pair of rebounds (including one on offense that extended a possession) and had an assist when the defense collapsed down on him on a clear out (he kicked out to  Manu Ginobili  for a 3-pointer). 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "[Duncan] shows that he still has it and you have to prepare for him every night. At this point there is no surprise with him. He is professional and one of the best, if not the best."  
 -- Stephen Curry 
 
 
 HOT:  Duncan was 11-for-17 from the floor tonight and has gone 36-for-56 in the past three games (64 percent). 
 
 NOT:  Golden State's big men of  David Lee  and  Andrew Bogut  went a combined 6-for-26. 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Duncan is making a final flourish in the stat sheet before Parker comes back. Over the past three games he has averaged 27.6 points, 14.3 rebounds and more than three blocks. Wednesday, he threw in six assists. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  In their last game against Cleveland, the Spurs trailed by one with 5 ½ minutes to go and they gave the ball to Duncan. He responded with six points in five minutes and the Spurs won. It worked again tonight as San Antonio dropped the ball down low to Duncan, who scored six points in roughly a couple of minutes to put the game away. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  The Warriors depended a lot on Lee, but he couldn't work out of the tight defense applied by the Spurs. He shot 4-for-17 and got isolated on Duncan with the defensive assignment late in the game. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:   Nando De Colo  had another productive night for the Spurs. The product of France went 5-for-6 from the floor for 10 points. He was 4-for-6 in his last game against the Cavaliers, scoring 11 points in that one. 
 
 NOTABLE:  The last win in San Antonio for Golden State came in Feb. 1997, and that's the longest shutout currently for any team in the league. ... Duncan's 13 rebounds put him two away from  Shaquille O'Neal  and 13th place on the all-time rebounding list (13,099 rebounds). ... The Spurs win leaves coach  Gregg Popovich  one short of career win No. 900. He'd be the second coach to reach that mark while coaching his entire career with one team ( Jerry Sloan , Utah). ...  Jarrett Jack  had come into this game after scoring 25.8 points and handing out 8.5 assist in his last four vs. San Antonio. Wednesday, the Spurs "contained" him with 14 points and seven assists in 31 minutes. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Warriors, Saturday vs. Washington, Monday vs. L.A. Lakers, Wednesday vs. Sacramento. For the Spurs, Friday vs. Utah, Sunday @ Houston, Wednesday vs. Denver. 
