  Bulls-Clippers notebook   By Dan Arritt, for NBA.com Posted Thursday February 3, 2011 1:57AM THE FACTS:  The Chicago Bulls won every quarter against the Los Angeles Clippers on Wednesday night and that added up to a 106-88 victory, ending the Clippers' nine-game home-winning streak and handing them their largest margin of defeat at Staples Center this season. QUOTABLE:  "They beat us last time and I wanted revenge. It was because of me that we lost because I missed a free throw and that really hurt me. If anything, it made me stronger as a player."   -- Bulls guard  Derrick Rose . THE STAT:  Rose scored 19 of his team-high 32 points in the second half to out-play fellow No. 1 overall draft pick  Blake Griffin  of the Clippers, who scored just seven of his 32 after halftime. TURNING POINT:  The Clippers trailed by six points at the half, but Chicago opened the third quarter with a 7-0 run and the Clippers never got back within eight points. QUOTABLE II:  "They didn't let us get as much penetration in the second half. They tightened the floor on us and it forced us to take some bad shots."   -- Clippers forward Blake Griffin. HOT:  Rose, who battled two stomach ulcers last week, shot 11-for-18, including 4-for-8 from beyond the 3-point line. He also distributed 11 assists for his third double-double in the last four games. NOT:  Griffin could have had his third 40-point game this season but shot 4-for-13 from the free-throw line, his worst performance from the stripe this season when shooting at least five in a game. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Griffin's totals are certainly nothing to scoff at. In addition to his 32 points, he had 13 rebounds, seven assists and a blocked shot. GOOD MOVE:  The Clippers' second unit was getting scorched by Chicago's midway through the second quarter, so Los Angeles coach  Vinny Del Negro  reinserted his starters and they managed to trim an 11-point deficit to two. Unfortunately, that's as close as they'd get. BAD MOVE:  After Griffin caught a lob pass while guarded tightly by  Kyle Korver  and threw down a thunderous dunk with 1:53 remaining in the first half,  Carlos Boozer  wasn't about to be 'posterized' by Griffin, sending him crashing to the floor on a drive in the closing seconds and earning a flagrant 1 foul. ROOKIE WATCH:  Clipper rookies  Eric Bledsoe  and  Al-Farouq Aminu  struggled to contribute for the second straight game. Bledsoe was 1-for-4 from the floor with three turnovers, and Aminu shot 2-for-8. NOTABLE:  The Clippers won't play another home game until Feb. 26 against Boston. In the meantime, they'll play 11 consecutive road games. The Bulls held their opponent under 90 points for the eighth consecutive game. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Friday @ Atlanta, Sunday @ Miami, Tuesday @ Orlando. For the Bulls, Saturday @ Golden State, Monday @ Portland, Wednesday @ Utah.  