  Wizards-Pistons notebook   By Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com Posted Sunday November 21, 2010 10:09PM THE FACTS:   Richard Hamilton  scored 12 of Detroit's 13 points in overtime as the Pistons pulled out a 115-110 victory over the Washington Wizards at The Palace Sunday night. Hamilton equaled his season high with 27 points. QUOTABLE:  "I can play until I'm 50."   -- Hamilton on the perception of critics that he's on the downside of his career. Hamilton was averaging just 12.1 ppg entering the game. THE STAT:  48-31. The Pistons' high-octane bench was at it again, out-scoring the Wizards' reserves by 17 points. The Pistons' bench is averaging 41.3 ppg, trailing only Cleveland (46.1) and Philadelphia (42.1) in that category. TURNING POINT:   Charlie Villanueva's  putback in traffic after a missed Hamilton 3-point attempt.with 2:16 remaining in regulation kept the Pistons within striking distance. Villanueva was fouled on the play by  Gilbert Arenas  and completed the three-point play to pull Detroit within 100-98. QUOTABLE II:  "These are the ones that hurt. The blowouts don't hurt but these are the ones you should have won."   -- Arenas after the Wizards remained winless on the road this season. HOT:  Villanueva was clutch throughout regulation, contributing 25 points and a season-high 11 rebounds to record his second double-double this season. Villanueva, who scored 11 fourth-quarter points, ranks second behind Rodney Stuckey on the Pistons at 15.2 ppg. NOT:  Arenas dished out a career-high 16 assists but made three crucial turnovers in the final 40.9 seconds of overtime. He made a bad pass out of a double team, threw away an outlet pass to  Nick Young  and lost control of the ball in the offensive zone. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Wizards center  JaVale McGee  grabbed a career-high 16 rebounds to go along with his season-high 20 points. McGee is averaging 11.8 rpg in the last four games. GOOD MOVE:  Pistons forward  Tracy McGrady  suggested a fourth-quarter play to head coach  John Kuester  that freed up the Pistons' outside shooters for two 3-pointers. BAD MOVE:  Arenas passed up a chance to take the final shot of regulation, tossing the ball out to  Andray Blatche  for a 3-point attempt. Blatche, who has only attempted 11 3-pointers this season, missed to give the Pistons new life. ROOKIE WATCH:  Wizards guard and top pick John Wall was on the active list but did not dress. Wall, who is averaging a team-best 18.1 ppg, missed his fourth straight game with a left foot sprain but he participated in pregame warmups and coach  Flip Saunders  expects him to return Tuesday against Philadelphia. NOTABLE:   Jason Maxiell  made his second start at power forward this season against Washington's big frontline. Maxiell had 14 points and five rebounds.  Austin Daye , who has started all other games at that spot, did not play. ... The Pistons gave up a season-high 38 points in the second quarter. The most any previous Pistons opponent had scored in a quarter was 36, Portland's first-quarter total against them. ... Arenas' previous high in assists was 15 against Memphis on Nov. 11, 2002, when he played for Golden State. UP NEXT:  The next three games for each team, in this format. For the Wizards, Tuesday vs. Philadelphia, Thursday @ Atlanta, Saturday vs. Orlando. For the Pistons, Tuesday @ Dallas, Wednesday @ Memphis, Friday vs. Milwaukee.  