  Trail Blazers-Wolves notebook   By Jim Beilby, for NBA.com Posted Monday February 14, 2011 11:36PM THE FACTS:  The Portland Trailblazers recorded their fifth straight victory, including its last four on the road, defeating the hapless Minnesota Timberwolves 95-81 on Monday night. Portland scored early and often, opening a 18-2 lead, in a game in which they never trailed. Minnesota was held to 39 percent shooting and was outrebounded 54-47. With the victory, Portland has won 16 straight games against Minnesota. QUOTABLE:  "Overall, you can't shoot as poorly as we did, turn the ball over and give up as many points as we did and allow as many second chance points as we did and expect to give yourself a chance to win. Overall, our whole game just wasn't there."  --  Minnesota coach  Kurt Rambis THE STAT:  Three of Minnesota's starters,  Jonny Flynn ,  Corey Brewer , and  Wes Johnson , combined for one point, zero rebounds, and zero assists on 0-for-11 shooting. And they committed for six turnovers. By comparison, Portland's starting two guard,  Wesley Matthews , playing in the place of the injured  Brandon Roy , scored 23, grabbed 7 rebounds, and dished out a pair of assists. TURNING POINT:  After opening the game with a 18-2 run, Portland withstood a couple of Minnesota runs. Late in the third quarter, Minnesota closed the gap to nine points, only to have Portland slam the door and finish the quarter with a 7-0 run. Minnesota never got within 10 points after that run. NOTABLE:  With 12 points and 11 rebounds tonight,  Kevin Love  tallied his 50th double-double of the season. The only other player to have 50 double-doubles before the All-Star break was  George Mikan , who had exactly 50 before the break in 1950. This was also Love's 41st consecutive double-double, the longest streak since  Moses Malone  had a 44-game streak during the 1982-83 season. UP NEXT:  For the Wolves, Wednesday vs. Clippers, next Tuesday @ Milwaukee, next Wednesday vs. Memphis. For the Trailblazers, Wednesday vs. New Orleans, next Wednesday vs. Lakers, next Friday vs. Denver.  