  Suns-Warriors notebook   By Geoff Lepper, for NBA.com Posted Friday December 3, 2010 2:40AM THE FACTS:   Jason Richardson  scored 25 points,  Grant Hill  had 24 and the Phoenix Suns managed to outrebound their opponents for only the second time all season to help secure a 107-101 victory against the Golden State Warriors on Thursday.  Steve Nash  added 13 points and 16 assists for Phoenix (9-9), which bobbed back to .500 for the third time in the last two weeks.  Monta Ellis ' 38 points, on 16-for-27 shooting from the floor, went by the boards for the Warriors (8-11), who have lost four consecutive games at home. QUOTABLE:  "I think it's the motivation. I'm used to playing here. The fans, every time I come, it's a standing ovation when they announce my name. They get me up. I played here for six years, and there's familiarity. I had some great times here. It's a great place to play."    -- Richardson on his success as a visitor at Oracle Arena, where he's averaged 24.3 points per game since being traded by Golden State in 2007 THE STAT:  With 7-footer  Earl Barron  inserted into the starting lineup, Phoenix tallied 37 rebounds to 31 for the Warriors. The only other time the Suns have done that this season was on Nov. 5 in a 123-118 win against Memphis. TURNING POINT:  Immediately after Ellis keyed a 9-0 blitz -- scoring seven points and assisting  Andris Biedrins  on a layup -- midway through the third quarter to tie the game up at 66, Richardson responded in kind, knocking down a 22-footer, then feeding  Hedo Turkoglu  for a 3-pointer and Nash for a 7-foot runner and a 73-68 advantage. Phoenix withstood the Warriors' run and never game up the lead. HOT:  Richardson started hot from the jump, scoring 12 points in the first quarter -- five of them during a period-ending 9-0 run that staked Phoenix to an early lead. It was a fifth straight game with at least 20 points for Richardson, who hung 39 on Denver on Sunday. NOT:  It was a rough night for  Stephen Curry , who was scratched in both eyes by Barron late in the first quarter. He was treated with saline drops and returned less than a minute into the second period, but struggled much of the rest of the way, including a nightmarish fourth quarter: Curry checked in with 8:48 remaining, promptly coughed up a turnover, followed it up with a silly foul and was yanked by coach  Keith Smart , who didn't bring him back until there was only 3:02 left. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Ellis broke out of what constitutes a slump for the NBA's sixth-leading scorer -- he came in averaging 17.3 points over his last six games -- with his fourth 30-point game of the season. He played all 48 minutes for the second time in three games, which is a great way to rack up stats for fantasy owners. QUOTABLE II:  "He is so hard to guard in the open court, he really is as good as anyone in the league. We tried to give our defenders some help guarding him, and then he found some open guys for (3-pointers), so ultimately we just decided to stay home on the shooters down the stretch."    -- Suns coach  Alvin Gentry  on Ellis INSIDE THE ARENA:   Miguel Tejada , the former Oakland A's star who signed a one-year deal this week to join the defending World Series champion San Francisco Giants, was in the second row at courtside. GOOD MOVE:  Despite watching his reserves cough up an 11-point lead after the first quarter, Gentry stuck with his guns to start the fourth period, sending out four subs to accompany starting center  Channing Frye . That group quickly grew a three-point lead to 10 before handing off a 93-86 advantage to Nash, Richardson and Hill at the 5:35 mark. NOTABLE:  Nash's 16 assists tied his season-high. . . . Warriors forward  Dorell Wright  had a season-high 10 rebounds, but went just 2-for-7 on 3-pointers. . . . Biedrins missed the entire fourth quarter after being beset by an upset stomach. He finished with four points and three rebounds in 23:33. UP NEXT:  For the Suns, Friday vs. Indiana, Sunday vs. Washington, Tuesday at Portland. For the Warriors, Sunday at Oklahoma City, Tuesday at Dallas, Wednesday at San Antonio.  