  Grizzlies-Jazz notebook   By Andrew Aragon, for NBA.com Posted Sunday January 2, 2011 12:36AM THE FACTS :  Paul Millsap  scored 22 points and had 10 rebounds to lead the Utah Jazz to a 98-92 win over the Memphis Grizzlies on Saturday night. The Jazz got a big boost from their bench players, most notably Gordon Hayward. The rookie from Butler had 13 points and four rebounds and played during the game's critical moments. The Grizzlies, playing without leading scorer  Rudy Gay  (stomach virus), were led by  Zach Randolph . He had 27 points and 16 rebounds. QUOTABLE : "Our bench gave us a lift and kept us in the ballgame. We struggled to get things going in the first part (of the game). They gave us some life."   --Jazz coach  Jerry Sloan  on the play of his reserves against the Grizzlies. THE STAT:  32-6. The difference in the game was bench play, and Utah's reserves outscored Memphis' 32-6. TURNING POINT:  The Jazz were able to close out a game that had several momentum shifts. With a minute left in the game and Utah leading 94-91, Raja Bell collected an offensive rebound to keep a Jazz possession alive. Deron Williams then made two free throws with 44.7 seconds left in the contest and the Grizzlies never got closer than four the rest of the way. Both teams had chances to put the game away early, as Utah led by 13 points in the third quarter and Memphis held its largest lead at eight points in the first quarter. QUOTABLE II:  "We didn't make enough plays. We were getting stops and then we were turning the ball over. Then when we started scoring, we couldn't get stops. They made some big plays. We just didn't get it done."   --Memphis coach  Lionel Hollins  on his team's play in the second half. HOT:  The Grizzlies, after falling behind by 13 points, got back in the game by shooting 65 percent in the third quarter. Randolph led the effort with 10 points on 4-for-5 shooting in the period. Millsap was hot throughout the game, as he shot 8-for-11. NOT:  The Jazz opened the game in a New Year's Day malaise. On their first five possessions they had three turnovers and missed two shots, falling behind 8-0. In that same quarter, the Grizzlies went nearly five minutes without making a basket, which occurred during a 10-0 run by the Jazz.  O.J. Mayo  shot 6-for-18 for the Grizzlies and  Al Jefferson  shot 3-for-12 for the Jazz. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT : Randolph continued his steady play, and is a must-start for fantasy owners. He topped both his scoring average (18.5) and rebounding average (12.6) against the Jazz, and it was his 20th double-double of the season. GOOD MOVE:  Sloan played Hayward instead of a struggling Andrei Kirilenko in the fourth quarter, and the move paid off. Hayward had two dunks while recording five points and two rebounds in the final period. BAD MOVE:  Jazz reserve  Francisco Elson  picked up two technical fouls late in the second quarter after arguing with officials over a personal foul and was ejected. Memphis'  Tony Allen  also got a technical foul early in the fourth quarter with the Jazz leading 73-72 and it could have been a momentum-changing mistake. The Grizzlies, however, stayed within striking distance of the Jazz until the game's final moments. ROOKIE WATCH : Hayward, who has scored in double figures in three straight games, is earning Sloan's trust and playing important minutes for the Jazz. He played nearly 30 minutes against the Grizzlies. Jeremy Evans made a brief appearance for the Jazz and recorded his signature alley-oop dunk. For the Grizzlies, Greivis Vasquez had four points on 2-for-2 shooting in less than 10 minutes. NOTABLE : Jazz forward  C.J. Miles  dressed for the game after missing the team's last two contests with the flu, but did not play. The Jazz have defeated Memphis eight straight times and taken 13 of the last 14 meetings between the two teams at home. Williams didn't record an assist in the first half, and it was the first time since his rookie season that has happened. UP NEXT:  For the Grizzlies, Sunday @ Lakers, Tuesday vs. Thunder, Friday vs. Jazz. For the Jazz, Monday vs. Pistons, Wednesday vs. Hawks, Friday @ Grizzlies.  