  Notebook: Lakers 104, Warriors 101 Posted Wednesday March 28, 2012 2:21AM By Geoff Lepper, for NBA.com THE FACTS:   Kobe Bryant  had 30 points, including game-tying and go-ahead buckets in the final 64 seconds, to help the Los Angeles Lakers recover from squandering a 16-point lead and beat the Golden State Warriors 104-101 Tuesday. Pau Gasol  added 19 points and a career-high-tying 17 rebounds for the Lakers, who won for the third time in their last four games.  Matt Barnes  had a season-high 18 points and a season-high-tying 10 boards to lead a rejuvenated Los Angeles bench. David Lee  had 23 points before fouling out and teammate  Brandon Rush  matched that total in 33 minutes off the bench for the Warriors, who are 4-28 in their last 32 meetings against the Lakers. QUOTABLE:  "Kobe was Kobe. He was huge down the stretch. That's what a guy like Kobe can do. You have a special player like that, you put the ball in his hands and you ask him to make a play."   -- Lakers coach  Mike Brown THE STAT:  Even though the Lakers let center  Andrew Bynum  languish on the bench for much of the second half -- he only got 5:17 worth of playing time after intermission -- Los Angeles still pounded Golden State on the glass, despite being outshot by the Warriors, 42.9 to 41.9 percent. Outside of Gasol's 17, every other starter had five rebounds. Meanwhile, no Golden State player reached double digits. TURNING POINT:  The game was cast by Northern California fans as a battle between Bryant, who routinely dismantles Golden State's defenses, and Warriors rookie  Klay Thompson , who took over the shooting guard spot vacated when  Monta Ellis  was traded to Milwaukee on March 13. Bryant won the overall war, outscoring Thompson 30-20, and also dominated the game's critical sequence. With the Lakers trailing 97-95, Bryant shook free from the Warriors' double-team and created enough separation to drill a 19-footer from the left corner to tie things up. At the other end of the court, Thompson drove the lane but was blocked by  Metta World Peace , who knocked the ball out of bounds off Thompson for a Lakers possession. Bryant posted in the left elbow, faced up with Rush, took one dribble to his left and knocked down a similar 19-foot fadeaway to give Los Angeles the lead for good, 99-97, with 32.3 seconds remaining. GOOD MOVE:  With Bynum seeming to be in a bizarre space mentally -- witness his 3-point miss with more than 15 seconds remaining on the shot clock early in the third quarter -- Brown felt compelled to go small with Gasol at center and World Peace at power forward. Bynum wound up clocking just 23:14, his second-lowest total of the season. Bynum's absence helped the Warriors mount their comeback, but with Barnes and  Josh McRoberts  (six points, three rebounds, two assists) providing solid minutes off the bench, Los Angeles was able to weather the storm. QUOTABLE II:  "(The 3-point miss) was something that I felt could have taken us out of rhythm, and that's why I took him out of the game. I did bring him back for a little bit (in the fourth quarter) and then I took him out again. I just felt it was best to go with the group that we had out there."   -- Brown, on Bynum HOT:  Rush had 21 of his season-high 23 points in the second half, when he played almost the entire 24 minutes in place of rookie center  Jeremy Tyler . Rush was 9-for-13 from the floor in the third and fourth quarters. The rest of the team went 12-for-30 (40.0 percent) in that same time. NOT:  It looked as though the Warriors had found an answer for Bryant in the second half, holding him scoreless for nearly 19 minutes while the perennial All-Star missed eight consecutive shots, many of them under duress. That spell ended 1:04 too soon, however, at least from the Warriors' perspective. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Warriors co-owner  Peter Guber  celebrated his new status as a co-owner of the Los Angeles Dodgers -- along with Lakers legend  Magic Johnson , among others -- in his courtside seat, alongside former Celtics and Lakers forward  Rick Fox . NOTABLE:  With his game-tying 19-footer late at the 1:04 mark of the fourth quarter, Bryant passed  Michael Jordan  for the second-highest point total with a single NBA franchise. Jordan had 29,277 with the Bulls; Bryant now has 29,283 for the Lakers.  Karl Malone  is the all-time leader in the category, with 36,374. ... Golden State finished with just five turnovers, tying a franchise-low in that department. ... The Warriors are allowing opponents to average 50.6 rebounds per game over their last nine contests. UP NEXT:  For the Warriors, Wednesday vs. New Orleans, Friday vs. New Jersey, Sunday @ L.A. Lakers. For the Lakers, Thursday vs. Oklahoma City, Saturday vs. New Orleans, Sunday vs. Golden State.  