  Bucks-Spurs notebook   By Tim Price, for NBA.com  Posted Wednesday December 15, 2010 11:53PM THE FACTS:   Manu Ginobili  hit a fallaway jumper from 17 feet over  Luc Richard Mbah a Moute  as the buzzer sounded to give the San Antonio Spurs yet another early season win, a 92-90 victory over the Milwaukee Bucks.  QUOTABLE:  "It was a tough shot. [Mbah a Moute] guarded me really well. Anyway, I prefer playing against one, not against two -- him and Bogut. I got lucky. I made the shot. We all celebrated."    -- Manu Ginobili, whose two shots leading up to his buzzer-beater were blocked by  Andrew Bogut THE STAT:  Bogut had three blocked shots in the final two minutes of the game. After shooting 59 percent in the first half, San Antonio shot 37.5 percent (6-of-16) in the fourth quarter. TURNING POINT:  The Bucks trimmed the Spurs' 18-point lead to four by outscoring the Spurs 19-5 during the final four minutes of the third quarter and the opening minute of the fourth. But San Antonio kicked it back out to a double-digit lead with 8:43 to go. That's when Bogut got started on defense. With his stops on San Antonio's dribble penetrations by  Tony Parker  (twice), Ginobili (twice) and  George Hill , the Bucks twice tied the game but could never get over the hump. Their last shot with 9.5 seconds left came after the Spurs shut down the inside around Bogut, turned away  Brandon Jennings  before the ball finally was dumped over the Mbah a Moute -- a 41-percent shooter this season -- for his baseline miss from 14 feet. QUOTABLE II:  "We have to get a good shot [at the end]. After traveling [on Ginobili], they made a great shot. It was great D. [Mbah a Moute] made [Ginobili] travel. We just looked at it five times [on video]."    -- Bucks coach  Scott Skiles HOT:   Drew Gooden , who spent the tail end of the 2008-09 season in San Antonio, hit 5-of-7 shots for 16 points while playing all but nine seconds of the fourth quarter. NOT:  Jennings, who had 23 points and 10 rebounds Monday in Dallas and averaged 21 points the three games before coming to San Antonio, finished 4-of-18 for 12 points and seven assists. He missed all of his four shots in the fourth quarter. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Gooden played just under 25 minutes, but ended with 20 points and 11 rebounds. ROOKIE WATCH:   Larry Sanders  was taken out of the starting lineup and did not play against the Spurs after he missed both shots in five minutes in Dallas on Monday (he was 1-of-15 his past three games). San Antonio's  Tiago Splitter  took a knee in the gut when  Ersan Ilyasova  went up for a layup in the first half, and Splitter soon left with a right adductor contusion and did not return.  Gary Neal  played 11 ½ minutes for the Spurs but went 1-of-5 for three points. NOTABLE:  The Bucks have won four of six and have held all six of those teams to less than 100 points and all but one (Dallas on Monday) to less than their season scoring average (the Spurs average 106 points per game). UP NEXT:  For the Bucks, Saturday vs. Utah, Monday @ Portland, Tuesday @ Lakers. For the Spurs, Thursday @ Denver, Saturday vs. Memphis, Monday vs. Phoenix.  