  Notebook: Clippers 109, Nuggets 105   By Michael Kelly, for NBA.com Posted Monday January 30, 2012 12:24AM THE FACTS:   Chauncey Billups  scored a season-high 32 points in his return to his hometown,  Chris Paul  had 25 points and seven assists and the Los Angeles Clippers beat the Denver Nuggets 109-105 on Sunday night.  Blake Griffin  had 17 points and 13 rebounds for the Clippers, who snapped a four-game road losing streak. Nene  had 18 points and nine rebounds and  Andre Miller  had 16 points and 10 assists for the Nuggets, who had their six-game win streak ended. QUOTABLE:  "It's just always good to play in front of your family and it's always good to compete against friends."   --  Billups, on returning to Denver. THE STAT:  Billups' 32 points are a career high against Denver. In 12 games against the Nuggets he is averaging 17.1 points and has scored 20 or more points five times against his hometown team. TURNING POINT:  With the Nuggets trailing by two and 18 seconds left Billups crowded Nene on a switch and drew the offensive foul. Paul then hit two free throws to give the Clippers a four-point lead and ice the game. QUOTABLE II:  "It was the wrong call, but that's the ruling. It was a bad call and they won."   --  Nene, on his offensive foul at the end of the game. HOT:  Billups all night, and especially in the third quarter. With his team trailing by eight he hit three of his six 3-pointers in a span of 1:39 to help the Clippers take a lead. Billups was dialed in, hitting shots with hands in his face and making the Nuggets pay when they sagged off of him. He was 11-for-20 from the field and 6-for-12 from 3-point range for the game. QUOTABLE III:  "I think we saw Chauncey do a similar thing to Detroit when we went back to Detroit."   --  Nuggets head coach  George Karl , on Billups burning his former team. NOT:  Nuggets guard  Arron Afflalo  has struggled to find his rhythm all season, and especially in the past two games. He was scoreless in the win over Toronto on Friday and was held to five points against the Clippers. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Denver Broncos quarterback  Tim Tebow  was sitting courtside. He signed a football, which Nuggets mascot  Rocky  threw into the stands. Tebow left the floor at halftime but remained in the arena until after the game. GOOD MOVE: Rudy Fernandez  gave the Nuggets a gift basket at the end of the third quarter. With time running out,  Corey Brewer  heaved a halfcourt shot that was wide. Fernandez, running away from the rim, jumped and tipped it in off the backboard before the horn sounded to give Denver an 83-77 lead heading into the fourth. QUOTABLE IV:  "Chauncey's like me. It doesn't matter where you play at, you want to win. You could care less if you're at home or you're a thousand miles away from home, you just want to win."   --  Paul. ROOKIE WATCH:  Nuggets guard  Julyan Stone  was pressed into action with  Ty Lawson  out with a sprained left ankle. Stone had six points in 11 minutes, two of which came when he grabbed his own missed free throw and hit a layup to give Denver a 31-24 lead. NOTABLE:  Billups, who played parts of three seasons with the Nuggets before being traded to New York last February, received a standing ovation and a video tribute before being introduced in the Clippers starting lineup. ... The Clippers had a 3-pointer taken off the board at halftime when replays showed the ball left Paul's hands after the shot clock expired at 2:27 of the second quarter. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Monday vs. Oklahoma City, Wednesday @ Utah, Thursday vs. Denver. For the Nuggets, Tuesday @ Memphis, Thursday @ L.A. Clippers, Friday vs. L.A. Lakers.  