Notebook: Knicks 109, Warriors 105 
 
 
 Adam Zagoria, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Thu Feb 28, 2013 12:08 AM - Updated Thu Feb 28, 2013 5:51 AM 
 
 THE FACTS:  It took a gang effort for the Knicks to outscore  Stephen Curry . 
 One night after scoring a season-high 38 points against Indiana, Curry poured in an NBA season-high 54 points, including a franchise record 11-of-13 from beyond the arc, but the Knicks held on for a 109-105 win at Madison Square Garden. 
 Curry, who also dished out seven assists while playing all 48 minutes, became the first visitor with 50 points at the Garden since  LeBron James  in 2009. He was one deep shot shy of tying the NBA record for most 3-pointers in a game. 
 
 Carmelo Anthony  went for 35 points,  J.R. Smith  had 26,  Amar'e Stoudemire  scored 14 and  Tyson Chandler  tallied 16 points and a career-high 28 rebounds as the Knicks (34-20) overcame Curry's historic night to win their second straight. 
 
 Carl Landry  added 15 points and  Jarrett Jack  14 for Golden State (33-25), which was without forward  David Lee , suspended because of Tuesday's skirmish with the Indiana Pacers. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I felt good all night. I obviously played the whole game so I was trying to keep my legs underneath me on the offensive end and stick to the game plan on the defensive end. Once I started to see that three ball going down in transition and all sorts of spots over the floor, I knew it was going to be a good night." 
 -- Curry  
 
 
 THE STAT:  Courtesy of NBA.com/Stats, here's a more in-depth look at Curry's fantastic night at Madison Square Garden.  
 
 THE STAT I I :  Without Lee or  Andrew Bogut  (back spasms), Chandler and the Knicks out-rebounded Golden State, 46-38. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  With the game tied at 105 and the Garden crowd in a frenzy,  Raymond Felton  blocked a Curry 2-point attempt and Smith hit an off-balance shot on the other end to give the Knicks a 107-105 lead. After Jack was whistled for a foul, Anthony hit another jumper to give the Knicks a 109-105 edge. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I wasn't going nowhere. For what? He's hot. Whoever got on him he was still scoring. It didn't matter so I didn't want to get off of him." 
  -- Felton on the block. 
 
 
 WHO'S HOT:  Curry has now scored 92 points in back-to-back nights. He extended his NBA-leading number of 3-pointers to 177. 
 
 WHO'S NOT:   Jason Kidd  continues to struggle. In 18-plus minutes, he went scoreless on 0-of-4 shooting with one assist and two rebounds. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "Beautiful to watch. He's got great genes. His dad was a pretty damn good player, too." 
  -- Knicks coach  Mike Woodson  on Curry. 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  The Knicks announced on Wednesday that new X-rays to  Rasheed Wallace 's left foot showed progression to a fractured left fifth metatarsal, otherwise known as a Jones fracture. Surgery is scheduled for this week and recovery time is approximately eight weeks. "It's a setback," Woodson said. "He's just gotta have the surgery and go from there." He added: "It's a blow I'm sure for him mentally because he wanted to play." That timetable means Wallace's regular season is over, but he will be kept on the roster in the hopes that he could return for a first-round playoff series.Wallace has been sidelined since Dec. 13, but had played well before the injury, averaging 7.2 points and 4.2 rebounds in 14.6 minutes per game over 20 games. Wallace came out a two-year retirement, signing with the Knicks on Oct. 3 for one year and the veteran's minimum of roughly $1.35 million. For his career, Wallace has averaged 14.4 points and 6.7 rebounds across 16 seasons. 
 
 NOTABLE II:  Warriors coach  Mark Jackson  returned to New York, where he played both with the Knicks and St. John's. "This is something I dreamt about," he said. "This is a special place and it was part of my dreams as a kid. To have that opportunity to fulfill those dreams as a player, announcer and now as a coach, it makes it even more special. It's an incredible blessing." 
 
 NOTABLE III:   Kenyon Martin  made his Knicks' debut, finishing with no points and no rebounds in nearly five minutes. 
 
 QUOTABLE IV:  "We closed out. We made the defensive stops that we had to make coming down the stretch run...But boy, you gotta tip your hat, Curry's pretty good tonight." 
  --  Woodson 
 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:   Katie Holmes  and  Victor Cruz  sat courtside. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Friday @ Washington, Sunday vs. Miami, Monday @ Cleveland. For the Warriors, Friday @ Boston, Saturday @ Philadelphia, Monday vs. Toronto. 
