Notebook: Bobcats 100, Celtics 74 
 
 
 Derek S. Smith, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Mar 12, 2013 10:53 PM - Updated Tue Mar 12, 2013 10:55 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:   Gerald Henderson  scored a career-high 35 points and the Charlotte Bobcats snapped a 10-game losing streak Tuesday night with a 100-74 win over the short-handed Boston Celtics at Time Warner Cable Arena. Boston played without star forward  Paul Pierce,  who was held out of the game by coach  Doc Rivers  in order to rest for the stretch run. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "It feels good to win again. We work hard every day to get a win out here. It's just extra special to do it with a career night. We played hard out there and it paid off." 
 
 -- Henderson 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Bobcats snapped a 10-game losing streak which featured six losses by 20 or more points, three losses by 30 or more points and an average margin of defeat of 21.5 points. It was the second losing streak of 10 or more games this season for the Bobcats who are now 2-11 in their last 13 games. The only two wins in that stretch were over the Celtics in Charlotte. It's the largest Bobcats win since a 39-point win over Miami on Jan. 20, 2010 and only its second 20-point win since March 2011. The two teams meet again Saturday night in Boston.  
 
 TURNING POINT: Josh McRoberts  opened the second half with a tip-in and opened the flood gates for Charlotte. The Bobcats started the second half on a 12-3 run which was capped by a  Michael Kidd-Gilchrist  jumper and a Rivers timeout. Charlotte built what was at the time its largest lead at 12 points and never looked back. The Celtics got within six midway through the third, but would never seriously challenge the rest of the way. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We approached the game with the wrong mentality. We laid an egg. We could never get it started. They played really hard. We just couldn't match how hard they played tonight for whatever reason. That's on me. That's disappointing that I couldn't get that out of our guys. They were clearly so much more competitive than us the entire night.  
 
 -- Rivers 
 
 
 HOT:  Henderson had a career night Tuesday for the Bobcats. Henderson set a personal best with 35 points. He made 11 of his 19 field goal attempts which included one 3-pointer. He was a perfect 12-for-12 from the free throw line and added two rebounds, three assists and one blocked shot. He's averaging 24.3 over his last three games. 
 
 NOT:  While Boston rested Pierce they did have  Kevin Garnett  in the starting lineup. Garnett, however, struggled against Charlotte and proved to be ineffective. He finished the night with five points on 2-for-10 shooting and two rebounds in almost 21 minutes of action. 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT: Ben Gordon  has climbed back into the rotation with the injury to  Ramon Sessions  and played well over the last five games. Gordon scored 17 points in the win over Boston with three baskets from behind the arc. He has been in double figures in each of the last five and is averaging 15.8 points and two made three pointers in that span.  
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  Charlottean  David Guthrie  was a member of the three-man officiating crew. Crowd favorite and former Celtic player  Brian Scalabrine  was on the microphone providing commentary for Boston. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Starting McRoberts proved to be a good move from Charlotte coach  Mike Dunlap . McRoberts had his first double-double as a Bobcat with a 13-point, 10-rebound night. His 13 points were a season-high. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  The Celtics struggled with Pierce out of uniform Tuesday. Rivers chose to rest the aging veteran in preparation for a stretch run to close out the NBA season, but his move didn't pay off as the Celtics weren't able to maintain a high level of play without the All-Star in the lineup. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Kidd-Gilchrist finished the night with nine points and eight rebounds and added two assists and two blocks. Fellow rookie  Jeffery Taylor  played just five minutes, but had three points. Boston rookies  Jared Sullinger  and  Fab Melo  were both inactive Tuesday. 
 
 NOTABLE:  The Bobcats, according to a report from  Rick Bonnell  with  The Charlotte Observer , are set to sign  Jannero Pargo  to a 10-day contract to help provide depth at the point guard position. Pargo was most recently with the Atlanta Hawks, playing in seven games this season, and the Bobcats will be his eighth team during his nine-year NBA career. ...  Boston's 74 points marked a season low for a Bobcats opponent. ...  Kemba Walker  scored in double figures for the 11th time in the last 12 games and the 57th time this season. ...   Jordan Crawford  scored 14 points, recording his highest point total since joining the Celtics on Feb. 21. ...  Jeff Green , who replaced Pierce in the staring lineup, scored in double-digits for the 35th time this season and tied for the team lead with 14 points. ... Garnett has 25,189 points and needs just four more to pass  Jerry West  for 15th on the NBA's all-time scoring list.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Celtics, Wednesday vs. Toronto, Saturday vs. Charlotte, Monday vs. Miami. For the Bobcats, Friday @ Toronto, Saturday @ Boston, Monday vs. Washington.  
