
 Grizzlies-Bucks notebook   By Rick Braun, for NBA.com  Posted Sunday January 23, 2011 12:10AM THE FACTS:   Marc Gasol  posted 24 points and 16 rebounds, and  Zach Randolph  had 16 and 11 as the Memphis Grizzlies owned the inside to take a 94-81 victory over the Milwaukee Bucks Saturday night at the Bradley Center. Memphis won for the second time in two nights and stopped Milwaukee's modest two-game winning streak. QUOTABLE:  "The game is played inside out. That's how the game's played, that's what coach preaches. You go inside, they collapse, kick it out, we get guys open shots. That's how we draw it up."   -- Grizzlies forward Zach Randolph THE STAT:  With numerous opportunities to complete a comeback, the Bucks just couldn't get a big shot to go down. Their finishing figure of 37.8 percent (34 of 90) marked the 19th time in 41 games that Milwaukee shot under 40 percent this season. TURNING POINT:  The Bucks trailed by as many as 18 but had drawn within 81-77 and were getting stops up until  Mike Conley  nailed a cold-blooded 3-pointer with 2:17 left. That stopped the Milwaukee momentum, and another 3-pointer by  O.J. Mayo  with 1:23 left assured Memphis the victory. Those were the Grizzlies' only two 3-pointers of the night. QUOTABLE II:  "We hit a couple of 3s. Conley's was good, and Zach got an offensive rebound and put it back in; he got fouled another time. Just all the things that you need to be able to do when you're trying to close out a game, we were able to do them tonight."   -- Memphis coach  Lionel Hollins HOT:  Randolph made 7 of 10 shots on a night where he was battling a bit of a virus. NOT:   Chris Douglas-Roberts  went 0 for 3 in 15 first-half minutes and did not see any action in the second half.  Carlos Delfino  took a lot of those minutes in his second game back but made just 2 of 12 shots. INSIDE THE ARENA:  During a second-quarter timeout, several Bucks players in pre-taped videos wished the Green Bay Packers well in their NFC Championship game Sunday against the Chicago Bears. ... When Memphis players were shooting free throws in the third quarter, a large Chicago Bears logo was put on the scoreboard screens, prompting loud boos from the crowd. GOOD MOVE:  By consistently pounding the ball inside, the Grizzlies shot 51.4 percent (37 of 72). Gasol, Randolph and  Darrell Arthur  combined to go 21 for 33 (63.6 percent), with almost all of their shots coming from in the paint. BAD MOVE:  Having a hot hand is one thing, but when your best offensive option is the smallest player on the court, something is wrong.  Earl Boykins  led Milwaukee with 23 points but went just 8-for-22. Center  Andrew Bogut  took just 14 shots, making half of them. ROOKIE WATCH:  Forward  Larry Sanders  helped get Milwaukee back in the game, finishing with 12 points, six rebounds and three blocked shots. NOTABLE:  Saturday marked the 43rd anniversary of the date (Jan. 22, 1968) the NBA granted a franchise to the Milwaukee group headed by Marvin Fishman and Wesley D. Pavalon. The Phoenix Suns also were awarded an NBA franchise on that date. ... Bucks guard  John Salmons  missed his third straight game with a sore right hip, and forward  Drew Gooden  sat out with plantar fasciitis in his left foot. Gooden had played the previous five games but has now missed 16 games because of the nagging problem. With those two and  Brandon Jennings  (foot) still out, the Bucks were missing 60 percent of their opening day starting lineup. Jennings said he'll practice on Tuesday which means he might return for the Wednesday game against Atlanta. UP NEXT:  For the Grizzlies, Monday @ Toronto, Wednesday @ New Jersey, Friday @ Philadelphia. For the Bucks, Monday @ Chicago, Wednesday vs. Atlanta, Friday @ Toronto. 
