Notebook: Pistons 99, Bulls 85 
 
 
 Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Apr 07, 2013 11:55 PM - Updated Sun Apr 07, 2013 11:55 PM 
 
 THE FACTS: Brandon Knight  had 20 points and five assists as the Detroit Pistons snapped an 18-game losing streak to the Chicago Bulls with a 99-85 victory at The Palace on Sunday.  
 
 Jonas Jerebko  supplied 17 points and nine rebounds off the bench for the Pistons (26-52), who hadn't beaten the Bulls (42-34) since the 2008-09 season. Detroit, which took over the lead early in the second quarter, also won at home for the first time in nine games.  Carlos Boozer  led Chicago with 21 points and 10 rebounds, his eighth double-double in 10 games.  Nate Robinson  added 18 points but the Bulls dropped two games behind Brooklyn for the fourth-best record in the Eastern Conference. 
 
 QUOTABLE : "I don't think anybody can sit 30 or 40 games and come in the first game and play like nothing's happened. It takes awhile to get into it. With playing time comes confidence and you can show what you can do. I'm just working every day and trying to play as much as I can." 
 -- Jonas Jerebko on being a steady contributor after losing his rotation spot from late November to late January 
 
 THE STAT : 18 -- Not only did the Pistons end their 18-game losing streak to the Bulls, Detroit guard  Rodney Stuckey  also ended a rough stretch in a starting role. Stuckey carried the Pistons to their last win over Chicago on Dec. 23, 2008, scoring a career-high 40 points in his second season in the league. Stuckey was the only Detroit player to appear in that game and Sunday's game.  
 
 TURNING POINT : The Pistons were up two points early in the second half but gradually built their lead in the third quarter behind Knight and  Greg Monroe . Knight had 12 of his points during the quarter and Monroe came on strong late, scoring three inside buckets in the final 3:32 and feeding  Will Bynum  with a bounce pass for a layup. Jerebko then iced the game with 10 fourth-quarter points. 
 
 QUOTABLE II : "Trust me, we talked about it. We hadn't beaten them since [19-year-old center] Andre [Drummond] was born. But it wasn't like we were that far away. Obviously, they're ahead of us in the big picture, but we've played these guys tough. It wasn't like we had to reinvent the formula. We just needed a little bit more for a little bit longer." 
 -- Pistons coach  Lawrence Frank  on snapping the long losing streak to Chicago 
 
 HOT : Jerebko has scored at least 15 points in four of the last six games, providing production and energy that the Pistons haven't seen from him since his stellar rookie year in 2009-10. He only missed one shot and his rebounding total on Sunday was a season high.  
 
 NOT : Chicago's bench was a non-factor, contributing just 12 points and five rebounds. In comparison, the Pistons reserves had 43 points and 18 rebounds.  Marco Belinelli , playing for the first time in eight games after recovering from an abdominal strain, was shut out in 20 minutes of action. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH : Drummond was in foul trouble much of the game but still pulled down a team-high 10 rebounds. Detroit also got a combined 18 points from rookie small forwards  Kyle Singer  and  Khris Middleton .  
 
 NOTABLE : Chicago's top defender,  Joakim Noah , returned after an eight-game absence caused by plantar fasciitis in his right foot. Noah, who posted career highs of 30 points and 23 rebounds in his last visit to The Palace in December, had 13 points and seven rebounds.. ... Detroit point guard  Jose Calderon  did not play for the second time in three games because of a right triceps strain. It's uncertain whether he will return this season. "What we're not going to do is yo-yo him back and forth," Frank said. "We want to get it right before he comes back." ... The Bulls'  Richard Hamilton  missed his 19th straight game with a lower back injury and  Taj Gibson  sat out for the third consecutive game with a left knee strain.. ... The Pistons were 10 games over .500 in early January during the 2008-09 season. They are 106 games below .500 since that point (125-231). ... Detroit hadn't won at The Palace since Feb. 13, just before the All-Star break. 
 
 UP NEXT : For the Bulls, Tuesday vs. Toronto, Thursday vs. New York, Friday @ Toronto. For the Pistons, Wednesday @ Cleveland, Friday vs. Charlotte, Monday April 15 vs. Philadelphia. 
