Notebook: Bobcats 86, Cavaliers 80 
 
 
 Brian Dulik, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Nov 15, 2013 11:34 PM - Updated Fri Nov 15, 2013 11:34 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Charlotte Bobcats rallied from a 12-point, second-half deficit to win for just the second time in 16 all-time visits to Quicken Loans Arena. 
 
 THE LEAD:  Small forward  Michael Kidd-Gilchrist  scored 16 points and center  Bismack Biyombo  grabbed a season-high 12 rebounds as the Charlotte Bobcats came from behind for an 86-80 victory over the Cleveland Cavaliers. All-Star point guard  Kyrie Irving  led Cleveland with 18 points and 10 assists, but shot 5-for-16 from the field and committed six turnovers. Power forward  Tristan Thompson  collected 15 points and 10 boards for the Cavaliers, while center  Anderson Varejao  added a season-best 13 rebounds. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "None of us really shot the ball well, but we just scrapped that one out. It was all effort -- and we wanted to win. This is the kind of team we can be all season, as long as we keep working together and playing hard." 
 -- Bobcats shooting guard  Gerald Henderson 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Bobcats outscored the Cavaliers 45-27 over the final 18 minutes, turning a double-digit deficit into Charlotte's third consecutive road win. Backup point guard  Ramon Sessions  scored nine points during the game-ending surge, while Kidd-Gilchrist and point guard  Kemba Walker  each had eight. Rookie center  Cody Zeller  and power forward  Jeffery Taylor  also came up big off the bench for the Bobcats with six points apiece in the final 1 1/2 quarters. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Cleveland built the largest lead of the game at 53-41 when small forward  Earl Clark  made a 3-pointer with 6:05 left in the third. It was all downhill from there for the Cavaliers. Charlotte went in front for the first time -- and for good -- at 60-58 on a 3-pointer by power forward  Anthony Tolliver  just 36 seconds into the fourth. "That fourth quarter was crazy," Kidd-Gilchrist said. "We really locked down defensively. I'll take this win. I'll take any win we can get this season." 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "A lot of it comes down to just how badly the guys in the locker room want to win. Right now, when our offense is going bad, we keep playing defense. This was a great win on the road against a physical team." 
 -- Bobcats coach  Steve Clifford 
 
 
 HOT:  The Bobcats have a 5-4 record under first-year coach Clifford. Charlotte went 28-120 over the two previous seasons, including an NBA record-worst 7-59 in 2011-2012 with coach  Paul Silas . ... Kidd-Gilchrist had eight points and all eight of his rebounds in the first half. ... Walker and Sessions combined for 24 points, 14 assists, and eight steals while running the Bobcats' offense. ... Cody Zeller had eight points in 22 minutes, most of them while playing against his brother, Cavaliers center  Tyler Zeller . ... Cleveland is 3-1 at home this season. 
 
 NOT:  Cavaliers rookie power forward  Anthony Bennett  -- the No. 1 overall pick in the NBA Draft -- shot 1-for-3, making him 5-for-35 (14.3 percent) on field-goal attempts during his nine-game pro career. ... Thompson missed three dunks, including a two-hander with no one defending him. ... Cleveland rookie small forward  Sergey Karasev  missed all three of his shots and made one turnover in nine minutes. They were his only statistical marks. ... Charlotte's starting backcourt of Walker and Henderson missed 24 of their 32 shots. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "I think we just became complacent with the lead. We stopped being aggressive and kind of got away from the things that got us the lead in the first place. No matter who is playing, we have to buckle down on the defensive end." 
 -- Kyrie Irving 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Clifford gave Biyombo the start at center when  Al Jefferson  was unable to play because of right ankle soreness. The third-year pro responded with a terrific defensive performance that included a dozen rebounds and a game-high three blocked shots. "When a guy that scored no points can affect the game like Bis did tonight, that says a lot about what kind of a player he is," Clifford said. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  With the Cavaliers clinging to a 58-57 lead, Brown opened the fourth quarter with the mismatched quintet of Tyler Zeller, power forward  Henry Sims , small forward  Alonzo Gee , shooting guard  C.J. Miles , and point guard  Jarrett Jack  on the floor. They were outscored 5-0 before Brown could rush Thompson and Irving back in. "We didn't do anything we were supposed to do," Brown said. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Cavaliers shooting guard  Dion Waiters  (flu) missed his first game of the season and will not travel with the team to Washington. ... Cleveland center  Andrew Bynum  (family medical issues), who missed his second straight game, is expected to return against the Wizards. ... Bobcats power forward  Josh McRoberts  returned after a one-game absence for personal reasons. ... Jefferson, who is considered day-to-day, has only played in three of Charlotte's first nine contests. Clifford said his latest injury is not related to the bone bruise that he suffered in the season opener. "It's more general soreness around the ankle now," the coach explained. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Bobcats, Saturday vs. Miami, Monday at Chicago, Wednesday vs. Brooklyn. For the Cavaliers, Saturday at Washington, Wednesday vs. Washington, Nov. 22 at New Orleans. 
