  Timberwolves-Grizzlies notebook   By Marlon W. Morgan, for NBA.com Posted Saturday April 2, 2011 11:57PM THE FACTS:  Shaking off both mental and physical fatigue, the Memphis Grizzlies won their first game of a four-game home stand, finally running away from Minnesota, 106-89, in front of 15,327 at FedExForum. The Grizzlies got 22 points and eight rebounds from  Zach Randolph  and  O.J. Mayo  came off the bench to score 20 as the Grizzlies won their fourth straight to move into sole possession of seventh place in the Western Conference standings, a half game ahead of New Orleans. QUOTABLE:  "We were a little tired from last night. We kind of came out a little lethargic and a little slow when the game began, but we picked our energy up. Guys came off the bench and played well. O.J. had a great game and other guys chipped in and contributed. It was one of those games where we had to fight our way to the end, but now we can prepare for the next one.''   --  Grizzlies' forward Zach Randolph. THE STAT:  The Grizzlies had 17 steals as they forced the Timberwolves into 26 turnovers that led to 33 points. It was a replica of Minnesota's last visit to Memphis when the Grizzlies scored 36 points on 29 turnovers. TURNING POINT:  After falling behind by 19 in the third quarter, Minnesota managed to climb to within 84-77 with 6:48 left in the game before the Grizzlies scored six straight points, four by Mayo, to regain its double digit lead that it never relinquished. QUOTABLE II:  "We played really hard and gave a good effort considering how short-handed we were. When you give up 33 points off of turnovers, it's too big of a hole to dig yourselves out of. You have to do something extraordinary if you're going to give up that many points.''   --  Minnesota coach  Kurt Rambis . HOT:  Grizzlies guard O.J. Mayo is finally getting accustomed to coming off the bench. Mayo was 8 of 12 from the floor, including 3 of 4 from 3-point range as he had 20 points. Mayo also had five rebounds, three assists and three steals. In his last two games, Mayo is averaging 16.5 points in 21.5 minutes, while making 5 of 6 3-pointers. NOT:  It was an off night for Memphis point guards  Mike Conley, Grevis Vasquez  and  Ishmael Smith . The trio combined to shoot 2 for 17 from the floor for five points. They also totaled seven turnovers. Their lone bright spot was they accounted for 14 assists. NOTABLE:  Playing without forward  Kevin Love  (strained left groin) and center  Darko Milicic  (sprained left ankle), Minnesota coach Kurt Rambis moved  Michael Beasley  to the power forward position. Beasley had 20 points, five rebounds, four assists and four turnovers, drawing mixed reviews from Rambis, who said the move hurt the teams rebounding and interior defense...The Grizzlies have won a season-high six straight home games, improving to 28-10 at FedExForum. Only San Antonio, Denver and the Los Angeles Lakers have more home wins in the Western Conference. Should the Grizzlies win their final three home games, they would tie their franchise record of 31 home victories, set in 2003-04...The win over Minnesota gives the Grizzlies their first season sweep (4-0) ever against the Timberwolves.... Minnesota lost its 10th straight road game, the longest active streak in the NBA. ... The Grizzlies' magic number for making the playoffs is down to three. UP NEXT:  For the Timberwolves, Tuesday @ New Jersey, Wednesday vs. Phoenix, Saturday @ Denver. For the Grizzlies, Tuesday vs. L.A. Clippers, Friday vs. Sacramento, April 10 vs. New Orleans.  