Notebook: Pistons 113, Bucks 94 
 
 
 Dana Gauruder for NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Nov 26, 2013 12:06 AM - Updated Tue Nov 26, 2013 12:06 AM 
 
 THE FACT: Detroit  Pistons point guard  Brandon Jennings , who was often criticized for taking too many shots during his four seasons with Milwaukee, had three more assists than field-goal attempts in his first game against his former team.  
 
 THE LEAD:  Guard  Rodney Stuckey  led seven Pistons in double figures with 17 points as Detroit handed the sputtering Milwaukee Bucks their ninth consecutive loss 113-94 on Monday at The Palace. Forward  Greg Monroe  had 16 points and point guard Jennings supplied 15 points and 13 assists against his former club. Rookie guard  Kentavious Caldwell-Pope  tossed in a career-high 14 points. The Pistons led by as much as 33 in the first half, and 34 points overall, while recording their second win in as many days. Forward  John Henson  had 15 points and seven rebounds for Milwaukee, which committed 20 turnovers that led to 26 Pistons points.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We've just got to keep it going,. We can't get satisfied with just two wins. Right now, the East is really shaky. So if we can win the next two games, we can be the third team in the East the way it's shaping up right now. That's where my head is at and hopefully, that's where everybody else's head is at."  
 -- Brandon Jennings on the Eastern Conference having just three teams above .500 entering Monday's action 
 
 THE STAT:  10 -- The Bucks have used 10 different starting lineup in 13 games. Coach  Larry Drew  inserted ex-Pistons  Brandon Knight  at point guard and  Khris Middleton  at small forward in an attempt to ignite a turnaround. That failed miserably as the Pistons led by 20 points after the first quarter. Drew has already started 12 different players, with only injured swingman  Carlos Delfino,  little-used rookie swingman  Giannis Antetokoumpo  and center  Miroslav Raduljica  not receiving a start.  
 
 TURNING POINT : Jennings made three consecutive 3-pointers in the first quarter, giving the Pistons their first 20-point advantage at 34-14. The Pistons went on to score 38 in the quarter, a season high. The first-half lead grew to as much as 33 with the aid of a 15-0 second-quarter run. 
 
 HOT:  Stuckey has emerged as one of the league's top sixth men in the early going. He leads all Eastern Conference reserves with a 15.9 point average, which also tops Detroit's balanced attack. Stuckey scored 27 points against Brooklyn on Sunday afternoon and followed that up with 7-for-11 shooting from the field against the Bucks. He's shooting a crisp 49 percent for the season.  
 
 NOT:  Knight, the key piece in the Jennings deal, had a woeful outing his first game against his former team. He committed six of Milwaukee's 20 turnovers while playing just 21 minutes.  
 
 FANTASY FOCUS:  It's a good time to pick up Pistons reserve forward  Charlie Villanueva . He has gained a spot in the rotation as a backup power forward because of his ability to stretch the floor. Villanueva scored 12 points after an eight-point outing against the Nets.  
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Caldwell-Pope is shooting a shade below 35 percent for the season but he played efficiently on Monday, making 5-for-9 shots. Detroit's first-round selection also added three assists and two steals. Guard  Nate Wolters  had eight points and three assists and Antetokounmpo chipped in six points and four rebounds for the Bucks. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Milwaukee had not lost nine consecutive games since it dropped the last eight games of the 2007-08 season and the opener of the 2008-09 season. ...  Chauncey Billups  (knee tendonitis) missed his seventh straight game. ... The Bucks were playing the third in 11 consecutive games against Eastern Conference teams. Their next Western Conference opponent is San Antonio on Wednesday, Dec. 11. ... The two teams have a combined 11 first- and second-year players on their rosters. ...  Will Bynum  returned to action after missing the previous five games with a sore left hamstring and had five points and two assists in 13 minutes. ... Jennings has double digits in assists in three straight games.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Bucks, Wednesday vs. Washington, Friday @ Charlotte, Saturday vs. Boston. For the Pistons, Wednesday vs. Chicago, Friday vs. L.A. Lakers, Sunday vs. Philadelphia. 
