  Warriors-Jazz notebook   By Andrew Aragon, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday December 14, 2010 12:29AM THE FACTS: Deron Williams  had 30 points and 10 assists to lead the Utah Jazz to a 108-95 win over the Golden State Warriors on Monday night. C.J. Miles  came off the bench to score 20 points and  Paul Millsap  had 16 points for the Jazz, who avenged an 85-78 loss to the Warriors earlier this season. The Warriors were led by  Dorell Wright,  who had 20 points. QUOTABLE:  "He's been sensational, really. He just took the game over, put it in his hands, made shots, made plays. I'd say this is as good as I've ever seen him."   --Jazz coach  Jerry Sloan  on Williams' play against the Warriors and in recent games THE STAT:  58.3. After a lackluster first half, the Jazz found their shooting touch in the second half. They made 58.3 percent of their attempts with Millsap and Miles each shooting 5-for-7 in the second half. They also made 50 percent of their 3-point attempts after halftime. TURNING POINT:  Only up four going into the fourth quarter, Miles quickly gave the Jazz some breathing room. He scored Utah's first three baskets of the final quarter, including a 3-pointer, to give Utah an 81-71 lead. The Warriors got within six later in the fourth, but Utah put together a 13-2 run to go up 101-84 with three minutes left in the game. QUOTABLE II:  "We have to keep playing and fight through these things. Our guys are giving it to me. They are giving me what is necessary to get us moving in the right direction, to win.   --Warriors coach  Keith Smart  on his team continuing to play hard despite losing seven straight games HOT:  Golden State's  Reggie Williams  shot 5-for-5 in the first half and scored 14 of his 19 points before halftime. He averaged 10 points per game entering Monday's contest. Miles scored 11 of his 20 points in the fourth quarter. Utah's Williams had 22 of his points in the second half. NOT:  The Jazz shot 32 percent in the first quarter and had a dry spell where they missed six straight shots during the period.  Ronnie Price  shot 1-for-6, and  Al Jefferson  was 4-for-13. For Golden State,  David Lee  shot 3-for-15. Lee did, however, finish with 18 points and 12 rebounds as he made 12 free throws. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT : Golden State's Williams is filling in for the injured  Stephen Curry  in the Warriors' starting lineup, and he's a viable replacement for Curry's fantasy owners as well. He is averaging 21 points in his last three games. He had six assists, five rebounds and two steals to go along with his 19 points against the Jazz. BAD MOVE:  The Warriors lost their cool in crunch time.  Monta Ellis  got upset after a hard foul by Williams and the two had to be kept apart by other players. Ellis was also whistled for a technical after arguing a foul call. ROOKIE WATCH:  Utah first-year player  Jeremy Evans  gave his team a spark in the second quarter. He had three dunks with two of them coming on alley-oop passes from  Earl Watson  and Miles. Evans finished with nine points, as he had another alley-oop dunk in the fourth quarter. Hayward made his third start of the season for the Jazz, but his playing time was limited because he picked up his second foul less than five minutes into the game. He had one point, four fouls and two turnovers. NOTABLE:  It was the Jazz's Williams third straight game with at least 30 points. Utah outscored Golden State 50-26 in the paint, and its bench outscored the Warriors' reserves 36-14. The Warriors have lost 27 of their last 30 games in Utah. UP NEXT:  For the Warriors, Tuesday vs. Timberwolves, Saturday @ Timberwolves, Monday vs. Rockets. For the Jazz, Friday @ Hornets, Saturday @ Bucks, Monday @ Cavaliers.  