Notebook: Jazz 86, Magic 82 
 
 
 Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Dec 18, 2013 11:19 PM - Updated Wed Dec 18, 2013 11:19 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  Rookie  Trey Burke  had a career-high 30 points, seven rebounds and eight assists in leading the Utah Jazz to an 86-82  victory over the Orlando Magic. 
 
 THE LEAD:  Burke, the ninth pick in the NBA Draft six months ago, had the best game of his brief career in sharp contrast to Orlando's  Victor Oladipo , who was drafted seven picks ahead of him. 
 Oladipo scored only three points and the Magic could not overcome 32.6 percent shooting in losing for the ninth time in 11 games. Their final field goal of the game came with 5:47 left. 
 
 Jameer Nelson  led the Magic with 17 points, but missed what could have been a game-tying layup in the final seconds, a shot that was altered by Utah center  Derrick Favors . 
 Favors had 14 points, 11 rebounds and five blocks for the Jazz, who have won three of their last four road games. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I just wanted to make a play because I missed the easy layup at the other end of the court. I just wanted to contest (Nelson's) shot and make him kind of arch it a little and he missed it." 
 -- Derrick Favors 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Magic shot 32.6 percent against the NBA's worst field-goal percentage defense. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Orlando had opened the fourth quarter with a 14-1 spurt to take a seven-point lead, their biggest of the game.  Gordon Hayward  nailed an open jumper with 7:45 left for the first of nine straight Jazz points, and they never trailed again.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "The experience for this young group of guys goes a long way, to teach 'em how to finish games and how to stay in there. Even when we lost our lead there, they came in that fourth quarter and made some big plays for us. They fought their way back to win the ballgame." 
 -- Jazz coach  Tyrone Corbin 
 
 
 HOT:  Burke made 12-for-20 shots, including 4-for-8 3-pointers. 
 
 NOT:  Oladipo's 3-pointer just 2 1/2 minutes into the game was his only field goal in 12 attempts. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  The Jazz didn't seem to have an answer for the motley Magic crew of  Kyle O'Quinn ,  Andrew Nicholson ,  Maurice Harkless ,  E'Twaun Moore  and Nelson that opened the fourth quarter on a big run before fizzling out.  
 
 BAD MOVE:  With the Magic down 12 in the first half,  Ronnie Price  tried to line up a thunderous dunk, but couldn't get it past the front of the rim. Hayward got the rebound and Burke nailed a three, giving Utah its biggest lead of the game. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "If we had the type of effort from the second half in the first half, it would have been our game from the jump." 
 -- Magic forward  Tobias Harris 
 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Even in a game in which he was outplayed by Favors, Magic center  Nik Vucevic  put up 14 points and 14 rebounds. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  The difference between Burke's best statistical game and one of Oladipo's worst was the difference in the game. 
 
 NOTABLE:  The Magic played without  Arron Afflalo , their leading scorer, who was ill . . . Burke's 30-point game was the Jazz's third, by three different players, in the last four games. Hayward scored 30 against Denver on Friday and Alec Burks scored 31 at Miami on Monday.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Jazz: Friday @ Atlanta, Saturday @ Charlotte, Monday @ Memphis. For the Magic: Saturday vs. Sacramento, Monday vs. New York, Friday (Dec. 27) vs. Detroit. 
