Notebook: Nets 95, 76ers 92 
 
 
 Jake Appleman, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Dec 23, 2012 6:45 PM - Updated Sun Dec 23, 2012 6:45 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:  Backed by  Gerald Wallace's  hustle, deep 3s from  Joe Johnson , and a season-high 13 points from  Keith Bogans , the Nets held off the 76ers at Barclays Center, 95-92. Johnson led the Nets with 22 points, and despite another underwhelming performance,  Deron Williams  made decisive plays down the stretch.  Jrue Holiday  paced the Sixers with 24 points and nine assists, while  Lavoy Allen  got the better of  Brook Lopez  inside.   
 
 QUOTABLE:  "There are a lot a games we play and we lose by close margins. Some games we lose by six or seven and other teams are beating us at the free throw line. A few of those shots in the paint and getting contact to go to the free throw line will help us beat teams."  --  Sixers forward  Dorell Wright.   
 
 
 THE STAT:  Heeding the words of their coach  Avery Johnson , the Nets turned the ball over only nine times, the same amount as the Sixers.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  Two good plays from  Andray Blatche  (10 points, four rebounds), a nifty upcourt pass to  C.J. Watson  off of a fake and a driving dunk, put the Nets in control midway through the fourth quarter, providing enough of a lead to withstand a late barrage of 3s from the Sixers.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "It helped us, you saw the way Gerald (Wallace) ignited the break for us. Basically over 60 percent of the league is playing this way. We've had spacing issues, we've had a lot of issues where we went back and looked back at all of our offense over the first 25 games. No-matter who they started at four, Gerald was going to start at four and that is what we have been working on over the last two days."  --  Avery Johnson, on going with a small lineup. 
 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  A quiet crowd two days before Christmas.  
 
 ROOKIE WATCH: Tornike "Toko" Shengelia  saw his earliest action of the season, checking in late in the first quarter, eliciting a strong reaction from the crowd. He was quickly called for a travel on a spin move and did not return after the first quarter. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Down 12-4 to start the game, the Nets reeled off 18 straight points, on 7-7 shooting before  Nick Young  sank a 3-pointer. ... Bogans started for  Kris Humphries , as Wallace moved over to the power forward position. Humphries did not play. ... Johnson drained two long 3-pointers, from 27 and 31 feet respectively, to give the Nets a five-point lead heading into the fourth quarter.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Sixers, Wednesday @ Memphis, Friday @ Golden State, Saturday  @ Portland . For the Nets, Tuesday vs. Boston, Wednesday @ Milwaukee, Friday @ Charlotte.    
