  Wizards-Pacers notebook   By Conrad Brunner, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday April 6, 2011 11:18PM THE FACTS:  After polishing off the Washington Wizards 136-112 Wednesday night, the Indiana Pacers players and coaches headed to the locker room to see how things would unfold in Charlotte, where the Magic and Bobcats were locked in an overtime battle. When Orlando finished off a 111-102 victory, the locker room erupted in celebration because it meant the Pacers had clinched their first playoff berth since 2006.  Danny Granger  scored 25 and  Paul George  a career-high 23 for the Pacers, who shot .595 from the field, never trailed and led by as many as 29.  Jordan Crawford  had 29 and  Andray Blatche  23 for the Wizards. QUOTABLE:  "I'm just really, really happy for a lot of people...the guys in the locker room who haven't been there in a while or at all and the young guys. I'm so happy for our fans. When I came as an assistant I could see the passion in them. It's going to be a fun ride. I'm happy for everyone. I knew there would be bumps in the road but I didn't think that would derail us from the playoffs. The future is so bright here, with salary cap room and our young guys. This is a building block toward a championship."    -- Pacers interim coach  Frank Vogel THE STAT:  The Pacers were 10 games under .500 (17-27) and appeared headed toward their fifth straight non-playoff finish when Vogel replaced  Jim O'Brien . Indiana has gone 19-16 under Vogel. TURNING POINT:  It would not be a reach to say the opening tip. The Pacers racked up season highs of 43 points in the first quarter and 75 in the first half in building a 19-point lead at the break, and quickly pushed it to 93-64 midway through the third. QUOTABLE II:  "It feels great, but I really didn't think I would take nine years to do this. I am very happy that I am here and could do it with such a class organization. They've been great to me and I hope we have given back to them."    --  Mike Dunleavy , who will end the NBA's second-longest active streak of games played without a postseason berth. HOT:  Under pressure to retain his starting job with Dunleavy's return from a broken thumb, George had the best offensive game of his rookie season, hitting 9-of-15 overall including 5-of-6 from the 3-point line. ... Granger shot 7-of-11, 3-of-5 from the arc, while  Roy Hibbert  shot 6-of-8 for 16 points and Dunleavy had 15 on 4-of-6 shooting. ...  Darren Collison  posted his third double-double with 15 points and 11 asssists. NOT:   JaVale McGee  could not contend with Hibbert inside and played just nine minutes, producing two points, one rebound, five fouls and a technical. ... Wizards starting small forward  Maurice Evans  was scoreless, missing all five of his shots. ... Though Crawford and Blatche put up big point totals, they combined to shoot just 18-of-41. NOTABLE:  Granger snapped a string of five consecutive games with fewer than 20 points, his longest such streak since 2007-08. ... Granger was presented his 2010 World Basketball Championship ring by USA Basketball CEO  Jim Tooley  in a pregame ceremony. ... Indiana's 136 points represented its second-highest output of the season. ... Washington had winning streaks of three overall and two on the road come to an end. ... Granger is the only Indiana starter with playoff experience -- six games in 2006. ... Washington signed 6-foot-7 forward  Larry Owens  from Tulsa of the D-League, waiving guard  Cartier Martin . ... They also opted to retain  Othyus Jeffers , who was on his second 10-day contract. UP NEXT:  For the Pacers, Friday vs. Atlanta, Sunday vs. New York, Wednesday @ Orlando. For the Wizards, Friday @ Boston, Saturday vs. Atlanta, Monday vs. Boston.  