  Celtics-Pistons notebook   By Brian Robb, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday January 19, 2011 11:48PM THE FACTS: Shaquille O'Neal  sparked a fourth quarter comeback as the Boston Celtics rallied for 86-82 win over the Detroit Pistons. Shaq scored seven points in the fourth quarter to help Boston close a eight-point deficit, and  Ray Allen  hit a go-ahead jumper with under a minute remaining to give Boston the lead for good. The 38-year-old O'Neal finished overall with 12 points and a season-high 12 rebounds.  Paul Pierce  also had a game-high 23 points during the victory.  Rodney Stuckey  led five Pistons players in double figures with 15 points as Detroit had their three-game winning streak snapped. QUOTABLE:  "I thought Shaq won the game for us tonight. He did all the little things: crashed the glass, was physical, blocked shots. He was absolutely wonderful."  - -  Doc Rivers THE STAT:  The game was a defensive struggle for the first 36 minutes, highlighted by an atrocious offensive showing by both squads in the third quarter. Together, both teams scored just 16 points each, while sinking just 27.8 percent of their shots combined in the frame. TURNING POINT:  Detroit appeared to establish control of the game with an 8-0 run during the opening moments of the fourth quarter. O'Neal had other ideas however, as he utilized his size advantage over the Pistons front line to jumpstart a 9-1 run for the C's during the next two minutes to tie up the game at 76. Boston carried that momentum through the final five minutes of action as they pulled out the win. QUOTABLE II:  "I'm good, I was a little anxious tonight. Just need to take my time. One thing about rhythm is, it's almost like, for you all that can dance, and for you all that cannot, it's like being at the party, and the record skips, and you got to get back on beat. So you know the record skipped a bit, but I'm at the party, I just got to find that groove again."   --  Kevin Garnett HOT: Greg Monroe  continues to make a strong case to  John Kuester  to take over the starting center job in the Pistons starting lineup permanently. With a boost to his playing time, due to  Ben Wallace 's ankle injury, Monroe hit all five of his shots tonight, giving him 13 points along with nine rebounds in the loss. Overall, Monroe has scored in double figures for eight straight games and is averaging 12 points and nine rebounds per game for the month of January. NOT: Ray Allen  struggled to find a rhythm for the first 47 minutes Wednesday night, missing six of his first seven field goal attempts. He also had two uncharacteristic misses from the free throw line in the fourth. Allen's woes did not keep the Celtics from turning to him for what would be the game-winning jumper with 24 seconds remaining in the contest. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Patriots safety  Patrick Chung  watched the game courtside at TD Garden. Chung had a costly fumble during the Patriots playoff loss to the Jets Sunday. QUOTABLE III:  "They are an experienced team. They took their time, and they were poised. I was very proud of how my guys played."    -- John Kuester GOOD MOVE: Glen Davis  used his wide frame to wisely spend the majority of his time on the block, which is a change of pace for the power forward this season. The move paid off, as Davis had an efficient 11 points and six rebounds off the bench. ROOKIE WATCH: Semih Erden  returned to game action replacing fellow rookie  Luke Harangody  in the rotation due to his height edge over the Pistons undersized frontcourt. The Turkish rookie made Rivers look smart for the shift, by scoring six points and grabbing four boards in 17 minutes of action. NOTABLE: Richard Hamilton  did not appear in his fifth straight game for Detroit ...  Marquis Daniels  rolled his left ankle on a drive to the hoop in the second quarter. He did not return to the game, but expects to play Friday vs. Utah. ... The Celtics improved to 9-0 during Wednesday night home games. ...  Danny Ainge  announced after the game that injured center  Jermaine O'Neal  would avoid surgery and instead rest his ailing left knee for the next four weeks. O'Neal would then try to rebuild the strength in the leg and attempt to return for the final two months of the season. ... Stuckey scored just three of his 15 points in the second half. ... Boston outrebounded Detroit 47-34, including 14 to five on the offensive glass. ... Garnett had 11 points, six rebounds and three assists in his second game back from a right calf injury. ... Wallace missed his fifth consecutive game with a sprained left ankle. ... Boston has won four straight games, all coming at home. UP NEXT:  For the Pistons, Friday @ New Jersey, Saturday vs. Phoenix, Monday @ Orlando. For the Celtics, Friday vs. Utah Saturday @ Washington, Tuesday vs. Cleveland.  