  Notebook: Clippers 91, Mavs 89   By Dan Arritt, for NBA.com Posted Thursday January 19, 2012 2:35AM THE FACTS:  Playing his third game in three nights, 35-year-old guard  Chauncey Billups  didn't let his age become a factor Wednesday night. He sank a 3-point basket with one second remaining to lift the Clippers to 91-89 victory against the Mavericks, who lost their second consecutive game in L.A. on a last-second 3-pointer by a veteran guard.  Derek Fisher  of the Lakers beat the Mavericks with 3.1 seconds remaining Monday night. QUOTABLE:  "Chauncey, with his experience, he has made a lot of them. It didn't surprise me that it went in. I was just pleased with the development of the play and the execution."   -- Clippers coach  Vinny Del Negro  on the winning shot. THE STAT:  Clippers backup point guard  Mo Williams  returned to the lineup after missing the last three games with a sore right foot and he played fresh and easy, scoring a season-high 26 points off the bench to pace the Clippers, who were without starting point guard  Chris Paul  (hamstring strain). Clippers center  DeAndre Jordan  also netted a season-high 19 points and  Blake Griffin  finished with 14 points and 17 rebounds, one off his career best. TURNING POINT:  After shooting guard  Jason Terry  gave the Mavericks an 89-88 lead on a 3-point basket with five seconds remaining, the Clippers called timeout and in-bounded the ball on their offensive side of the floor. Billups passed the ball to Griffin, who got it back to Billups and he immediately let go of the winning 3-point basket as he toed the line. After the referees huddled up for their third video review in the final 15 seconds, they agreed it was a 3-point shot. HOT:  Take you pick. Williams started the game 7-for-7 and had a season-high 18 points at the half. Billups made four of his first five shots and scored 10 of his 21 points in the opening quarter. Williams and Billups, who shared point-guard duties for much of the game, were a combined 9-for-10 in the opening quarter with 21 points. For the Mavericks, guard  Delonte West  scored a season-high 17 points, doubling his season average of 7.4 points with four minutes still remaining in the first half. NOT:  Clippers small forward  Caron Butler  struggled through the worst shooting night of his 10-year career when taking more than seven shots. He was 1-for-12 from the field and scored just two points.  Randy Foye  missed his first eight field goal attempts and finished 2-for-10. Even Billups struggled after his hot start, missing 11 of 13 shots before hitting his game winner. For the Mavericks, forward  Dirk Nowitzki  had an off night, shooting 6-for-18 and scoring 17 points. GOOD MOVE:  Late in the first quarter, Foye went up toward the rim with the ball and flipped it back over his shoulder to a trailing Griffin, who caught the lob with one hand and slammed it through the rim during a 15-3 run that briefly gave the Clippers the lead. BAD MOVE:  Nowitzki missed the morning shoot-around with a cold, so maybe he could be excused for being a little grumpy. He raked Clippers backup forward  Reggie Evans  across the forearms as he prepared to go up with the ball, then turned and yelled at ref, "Now that's a foul!' Evans, who was 4-for-16 from the line this season coming into the game, made both free throws to give Clippers a one-point lead at the half. QUOTABLE II:  "I'm proud of the guys and the way we battled back and fought. We made plays when we needed to and that was the key."   -- Vinny Del Negro on playing the third game in three nights. NOTABLE:  Dallas fell to 0-5 on the road this season against Western Conference opponents ... The Mavericks had not allowed more than 76 points in their previous three games and not more than 86 points in the last six .. The Clippers are the 13th team to play three games in three days, and the teams are now 9-4 in the final game ... Williams scored 29 points when the Clippers last played Dallas in April. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Friday vs. Minnesota, Sunday vs. Toronto, Wednesday @ L.A. Lakers. For the Mavericks, Thursday @ Utah, Saturday @ New Orleans, Monday vs. Phoenix.  