Notebook: Nets 100, Suns 98 (OT) 
 
 
 Mike Tulumello, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Nov 16, 2013 12:59 AM - Updated Sat Nov 16, 2013 12:59 AM 
 
 THE FACT: Jason Kidd  won his first road game as an NBA head coach.  
 
 THE LEAD:  The Phoenix Suns may be falling back to Earth as the Brooklyn Nets try to get their season off the ground. 
 
 Joe Johnson  grabbed a long rebound, raced the length of the floor and scored on a driving layup at the overtime buzzer to give the Nets a thrilling 100-98 win.  
 As the Nets'  Kevin Garnett  tipped a rebound of a missed  Channing Frye  3-pointer to him, Johnson figured there were about 4.5 seconds left. 
 "I knew I wouldn't have to take a rushed shot," Johnson said. "I got in the paint and made a play." 
 Just in time, too, as he got the shot off with about .2 seconds left. 
 The Nets moved to 3-5. 
 "Everybody had a big part in this win," Kidd said. "I used everybody....And they all stuck together." 
 The Suns fell to 5-4. This was their second straight loss at the buzzer;  Markieff Morris  missed an uncontested follow shot in a Suns' one-point loss at Portland Wednesday night. 
 "We are playing hard," said the Suns'  Eric Bledsoe,  who had 15 points. "Those games will come back in our favor."   
 
 Brook Lopez  led the Nets with a season-high 27 points.  
 
 Deron Williams  sprained his left ankle after landing awkwardly going for a rebound. He left the game with 7:20 left in the first quarter and did not return.  
 But  Shaun Livingston  played a great game in his absence. Livingston hit 7-for-12 for 18 points plus six assists and just two turnovers in 37 minutes. 
 "That's why we wanted him," Kidd said of Livingston. "I'm a big fan of Shaun running the offense." 
 For the Suns,  Goran Dragic  had 19 points and 10 assists. He forced a fast early pace the propelled the Suns to a 46-32 lead late in the first half.  
 But the Nets' defense came around. And Livingston scored 10 near the end of the half to key a 14-4 run to close the gap to 50-46 at the break. 
 Then the Nets scored the first 16 points of the second half, with Lopez scoring 10, as the Nets took a 62-50 lead.  
 The Suns battled back, with  P.J. Tucker  getting loose from Paul Pierce en route to hitting 5-for-6 in the final quarter to force a 92-92 tie at the end of regulation. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "This was big. There could be a domino effect."  --  Johnson on the win. 
 
 
 THE STAT : The Nets turned it over just 12 times in 53 minutes, resulting in just 10 Suns' points. The Suns had 18 turnovers that led to 23 Nets' points. The Nets had zero turnovers in the third and fourth quarters.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  Johnson's drive at the overtime buzzer. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We are a veteran team. We know what's at stake. This was very important."  --  Livingston on the win. 
 
 
 HOT:  Tucker drove the Nets crazy by hitting 7-of-11 shots to pull the Suns from behind. 
 
 NOT:  Markieff Morris, battling a cold, shot just 1-for-9. 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Garnett is off to a terrible start on offense. After shooting 2-for-8 for four points vs. the Suns (though he also had a game-high 14 boards), Garnett is shooting 30 percent on the season. He is averaging 5.5 points and a team-high 7.8 rebounds.  
 
 NOTABLE: Miles  and  Mason Plumlee  guarded each other in the second quarter. This marked the fourth brother-vs.-brother matchup involving Suns' players in recent seasons. The last such matchup came Nov. 27 when the Suns'  Luke Zeller  and the Cleveland Cavaliers'  Tyler Zeller  both saw action. Also, Markieff and  Marcus Morris , now Suns' teammates, opposed each other when Marcus played for Houston on March 18, 2012. And  Robin Lopez  played against the Nets' Brook five times when Robin played for the Suns. "We weren't on the court at the same time very long," Mason said. "But when we were, it was pretty cool." 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Nets, Saturday @ Los Angeles Clippers, Monday @ Portland and Friday @ Charlotte. For the Suns, Tuesday @ Sacramento, Wednesday vs. Kings and Friday @ Charlotte.  
