  Knicks-Clippers notebook   By Dan Arritt, for NBA.com Posted Sunday November 21, 2010 2:09AM THE FACTS:  The New York Knicks survived a breakout game Saturday night by Clippers rookie  Blake Griffin,  mainly because third-year forward  Danilo Gallinari  had one of his own, helping the Knicks to a 124-115 victory at Staples Center. QUOTABLE:  "We have to get him some help,"   --  Clippers coach  Vinny Del Negro  said of Griffin THE STAT:  Griffin scored 44 points, the most by a Clipper since  Elton Brand  scored that many in February 2006. He also led the team with 15 rebounds and a season-high seven assists. TURNING POINT:  After falling behind by 14 points midway through the third quarter, the Clippers cut the deficit to five with 8:32 remaining. That's when Gallinari took over, scoring his team's next 10 points to keep the Clippers at bay. Gallinari matched his career-high with 31 points. QUOTE II:  "I thought the difference in the game was Gallinari hitting some big, timely shots against us." --  Del Negro HOT:  As hot as Griffin and Gallinari were, Knicks forward  Amar'e Stoudemire  was just as sizzling, shooting 14-for-24 and scoring a season-high 39 points. He also grabbed a team-high 11 rebounds. NOT:  Knicks guard  Raymond Felton  was about the only player who couldn't get his rhythm going, shooting 6-for-16. However, he made up for it on defense by matching his career high with seven steals. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Take your pick. In addition to the performances by Griffin, Stoudemire and Gallinari, Clippers guard  Eric Gordon  also had a pretty good game, scoring 25 points on 11-for-20 shooting. GOOD MOVE:  The highlight of the night for Clipper fans was a steal by Griffin, who began a 360-degree rotation at the top of the key and finished it with a thunderous dunk on top of Gallinari. BAD MOVE:  Knicks center  Ronny Turiaf  played more minutes than back-up  Timofey Mozgov  and didn't have anything to show for it, totaling two points and three rebounds in just over 17 minutes. ROOKIE WATCH:  For one of the few times since taking over for the injured  Baron Davis  at point guard, rookie  Eric Bledsoe  looked like he had trouble with the fast pace of the game, committing five turnovers and collecting four assists and no steals. NOTABLE:  The Knicks shot 51 free throws and made 43. The Clippers shot 29 and made 22. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Monday vs. New Orleans, Thursday vs. Sacramento, Friday @ Phoenix. For the Knicks, Tuesday vs. Charlotte, Wednesday @ Charlotte, Saturday vs. Atlanta.  