Notebook: Knicks 121, Pistons 100 
 
 
 Adam Zagoria, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Nov 25, 2012 3:56 PM - Updated Sun Nov 25, 2012 3:56 PM 
 
 THE FACTS: Carmelo Anthony  scored a game-best 29 points to help the Knicks snap a two-game losing skid and remain unbeaten at home with a 121-100 victory over the lowly Detroit Pistons at Madison Square Garden. 
 
 Steve Novak  added 18 points off the bench, making 5-of-7 from beyond the arc, for the Knicks, who had lost back-to-back contests at Dallas and at Houston before returning home to blow out Detroit (3-11). 
 
 J.R. Smith  had a double-double of 15 points, 10 rebounds and five assists and  Rasheed Wallace  added 15 points. 
 
 Brandon Knigh t led Detroit with 21 points,  Charlie Villaneuva  added 17 and  Kyle Singler  16. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We didn't play as good as we wanted to the last two games so we knew it was important to come out today in front of the Garden and make sure we played a lot better." -- Novak on MSG. 
 
 THE STAT:   The Knicks' 64 first-half points marked are a season-high first-half total for them. 
 
 THE STAT II:  The Knicks shot 17-for-33 from beyond the arc. Ten different Knicks took at least one 3-pointer. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Anthony scored 15 points in a first quarter in which the Knicks jumped out to a 32-22 lead. After the Pistons closed to within 38-34, the Knicks rattled off a 26-10 run -- featuring 3-pointers from Novak (2), Smith and Kidd -- to push the lead to 64-44 at the break.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "Novak was good today. He made shots and we're going to need him to make shots as we go through this journey. -- Knicks coach  Mike Woodson. 
 
 
 HOT:  Coming off a 37-point outing in Friday's loss at Houston, Anthony has now tallied 66 points in his last two games. 
 
 NOT:  Knicks backup point guard  Pablo Prigioni  entered the game 3-for-15 from beyond the arc and went 0-for-1 from deep in the game. He finished with three points and two assists. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "Our defense held in there and we made some shots to give us the cushion that we needed." -- Woodson 
 
 NOTABLE:  Woodson said there was no timetable for  Amar'e Stoudemire's  return from a left knee debridement.  "Still treatments and getting himself ready to go," he said.
 
 
 NOTABLE II:  On Monday, the Knicks will face their New York City rivals, the Brooklyn Nets, in the first of four meetings. The game will take place at the Barclays Center and will be broadcast nationally on TNT (7 p.m). 
 
 QUOTABLE IV:  "It would concern me if we were jacking up 33 3's in a game and we weren't making them...We got guys that can make them." -- Woodson 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA: Darryl Strawberry, Philip Seymour-Hoffman, Ben Stiller, Gerry Cooney, Miguel Cotto, Edie Falco  and  Aziz Ansari  sat courtside. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Knicks: Monday @ Brooklyn, Wednesday @ Milwaukee, Friday vs. Washington. For the Pistons: Monday vs. Portland, Wednesday vs. Phoenix, Friday @ Memphis. 
