  Heat-Magic notebook   By By Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com  Posted Thursday November 25, 2010 12:11AM THE FACTS:   Jameer Nelson  scored eight points late in the fourth quarter to go with a career-high 14 assists before being ejected in the final minute of the Orlando Magic's 104-95 victory over the Miami Heat.  Dwight Howard  scored 24 points and grabbed 18 rebounds for the Magic, who avenged a 26-point loss at Miami a month ago.  LeBron James ' 25 points and 21 by  Chris Bosh  couldn't keep the Heat from losing their third straight. QUOTABLE:  "I don't think there is anything missing. If I had the exact answer, then it would be easy to figure out . . . The guys know what it takes to win and once it gets going, then we will know what the difference is."  --  James on the Heat's disappointing 8-7 start THE STAT:  After shooting .304 (21-for-69) in their 96-70 loss at Miami, the Magic shot .514 (36-for-70) on Wednesday night. TURNING POINT:  After Bosh tied it, 89-89, with a free throw with 4:36 left, Nelson hit a jumper, drove for a layup, assisted a  J.J. Redick  jumper and then beat the shot clock with a jumper from the corner for an eight-point Magic lead. QUOTABLE II:  "Like I said after the San Antonio game, I have to make smarter decisions down the stretch. I don't know if being ejected is smarter, but the plays I made are the plays I should have made in the San Antonio game. They were there, and I just didn't make them. Tonight we made them as a team and I made them as an individual."  --  Nelson, whose two turnovers down the stretch cost the Magic in Monday night's loss to the Spurs HOT:   Brandon Bass  came off the Magic bench to hit 9-of-12 shots, most of them from the perimeter. NOT:   Dwyane Wade  is 11-for-47 in his last three games, including 1-for-12 from 3-point range. GOOD MOVE:  Redick, in the starting lineup in place of the injured  Vince Carter,  scored a season-high 20 points and had five assists. BAD MOVE:  The Magic's  Jason Williams,  who played only 41 seconds, was ejected for the second time this season after throwing a ball at  Jamaal Magloire 's face with the clock stopped. IN THE ARENA:  Milwaukee Brewers slugger Prince Fielder, who lives in Orlando, showed up as a fan. Magic coach  Stan Van Gundy  was amazed at the media congregation. When told that even Barack Obama had weighed in on the Heat's struggles, Van Gundy suggested that the president concentrate on turning the economy around and let  Eric Spoelstra  worry about the Heat. "Because Eric is certainly not going to turn the economy around," Van Gundy quipped. NOTABLE:  The Heat have to go 65-2 to justify Jeff Van Gundy's prediction that they would break the NBA record for wins (72) in a season . . . Bosh left the game in the first quarter with back spasms, but was back before halftime . . . Three of  Quentin Richardson 's six points came as a result of a foul on James with 0.9 seconds left in the first half . . . The Magic missed 13 free throws, eight of them by Howard. UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Friday vs. Philadelphia, Saturday @ Dallas, Monday vs. Washington. For the Magic, Friday vs. Cleveland, Saturday @ Washington, Tuesday vs. Detroit.  