Notebook: Nets 107, Raptors 100 
 
 
 Jake Appleman, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Nov 04, 2012 12:17 AM - Updated Sun Nov 04, 2012 12:17 AM 
 
 THE FACTS:   Buoyed by a second-quarter second unit that featured  C.J. Watson  (15 points) and  Reggie Evans  (13 rebounds), the Nets overcame a sluggish start to hold off the Raptors 107-100 in the first regular-season game in Barclays Center history.  Brook Lopez  (27 points, 11-for-15 from the foul line) led the Nets in scoring, while  Deron Williams  finished with 19 points and nine assists, sealing the outcome by hitting five of six late free throws. 
 
 Kyle Lowry  (28 points, eight rebounds, eight assists) and  DeMar DeRozan  (25 points) performed valiantly and scored efficiently for the Raptors.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "It felt good. Felt the energy from the fans." 
 -- Watson, on the first game at Barclays Center 
 
 
 THE STAT: Joe Johnson , whose work with the Nets' second unit had been a hot topic of conversation during training camp, was the only player on either team with a double-digit plus-minus at +13.    
 
 TURNING POINT: Gerald Wallace  (10 points, six rebounds, four assists) penetrated late in the shot clock and dished to Lopez for a three-point play to put the Nets up 100-95. Just 18 seconds later, Wallace sprained his ankle trying to make a chasedown block on Lowry. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "It's hard to win the game when you're not getting stops, you're turning it over, and they're scoring on you. That was our problem." 
 -- Raptors coach  Dwane Casey , on the second quarter  
 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA: Jay-Z  watched the game next to the Nets bench with his wife,  Beyonce,  while Nets owner  Mikhail Prokhorov  spoke to reporters at length about a variety of topics. Former Brooklyn Dodgers  Ralph Branca  and  Joe Pignatano  also met with reporters before the game with  Gil Hodges Jr.  ...The fans vociferously chanted "Brooook-lyn! Brooook-lyn!" late in the game, something that will likely become a crowd staple at Barclays Center.    
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  No rookie ( Tyshawn Taylor, Mirza Teletovic, Tornike Shengelia ) debuted for the Nets.  Jonas Valanciunas  played just over 12 minutes and made a minimal impact for the Raptors.  
 
 NOTABLE: Landry Fields  scored two points in 22 minutes in his return to NBA action in New York. ...The Raptors shot 3-for-13 from beyond the arc after starting the game 4-for-5. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Raptors, Sunday vs. Minnesota, Tuesday @ Oklahoma City, Wednesday @ Dallas. For the Nets, Monday vs. Brooklyn, Wednesday vs. Miami, Friday vs. Orlando.    
