  Magic-Nets notebook   By Jake Appleman, for NBA.com Posted Monday December 27, 2010 10:10PM THE FACTS:  The Orlando Magic overcame big nights from the  Devin Harris  (24 points, six assists) and  Brook Lopez  (20 points, seven rebounds) and blew the Nets out of their own building 104-88.  Hedo Turkoglu  (20 points, seven assists, five rebounds) and  Dwight Howard  (19 points, 13 rebounds) paced the Magic. QUOTABLE:  "We had a tough time getting here today, but we got here."    -- Dwight Howard to The YES Network's  Jessica Taft THE STAT:  Six of the eight Magic rotation players reached double digits and a seventh ( Gilbert Arenas ) finished with nine points. TURNING POINT:   Ryan Anderson  burned his former team and their press break with a corner 3-pointer to give the Magic a 74-64 lead late in the third quarter. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  "That's good Bass!" YES Network play-by-play man  Ian Eagle  remarked late in the second quarter. Indeed,  Brandon Bass  (11 points, four rebounds, 5-for-7 from the floor) was good. ROOKIE WATCH:   Derrick Favors  (two points, five rebounds) had an up and down first half and a non descript second. NOTABLE:  During an interview before the game, Nets coach  Avery Johnson  likened Favors to a junior in college, referencing the 30 games he's played thus far this season as what his sophomore season would have been like...The Magic's bus had issues getting the team in from Hoboken, New Jersey and the team arrived late...Howard picked up a technical foul midway through the first quarter, for talking to Nets assistant coach  Sam Mitchell , and Turkoglu earned one for an unsportsmanlike reaction to a foul late in the quarter...  J.J. Redick  started 1-for-7 from the field, but finished 6-for-14...The Nets shot sixteen free throws before the Magic attempted one...At the halftime buzzer, Arenas drained a shot from three-quarters court that bounced off the front of the rim, off the shot clock, and back through the net. The shot was waived off because the shot clock is considered out of bounds...Twice in the third quarter, the Magic responded to a Nets 3-pointer with one of their own..."Sweet Child of Mine" by Guns-N-Roses blared over the loudspeakers before  Ben Uzoh  checked in late in the game... UP NEXT:  For the Magic, Tuesday @ Cleveland, Thursday vs. New York, Monday vs. Golden State. For the Nets, Wednesday @ Oklahoma City, Friday @ Chicago, Saturday @ Minnesota.  