  Thunder-Rockets notebook   By Matt Miller, for NBA.com  Posted Thursday January 13, 2011 12:21AM THE FACTS:  For the first time since moving to Oklahoma City, the Thunder left Houston with a reason to feel positive. Led by 30 points and six rebounds from  Kevin Durant , Oklahoma City snapped an 11-game losing streak at Toyota Center with a 118-112 victory over the short-handed Rockets on Wednesday.  Russell Westbrook  added 23 points, 13 assists and eight rebounds for the Thunder (26-13), who last won in Houston on Feb. 22, 2005 -- when the franchise was known as the Seattle SuperSonics. Luis Scola  scored a game-high 31 points to lead the Rockets (17-22), who have dropped six of their last seven decisions and four of five at home. QUOTABLE:  "How long has it been? I haven't read that the last two days." --  Oklahoma City coach  Scott Brooks ' sarcastic response to the end of the Thunder's 11-game skid in Houston THE STAT:  Houston outscored Oklahoma City 70-42 in the paint, but the Thunder countered that advantage by outrebounding the Rockets 49-35 for the game and shooting 61 percent (25-for-41) in the second half. TURNING POINT:  The Thunder went on a 17-4 run to turn a 90-90 deadlock into a 107-94 advantage with less than three minutes remaining. But the Rockets kept fighting, as they drained six consecutive shots to cut Oklahoma City's lead to 110-108 with 20 seconds left to play. With that, the game became a free-throw shooting contest for the Thunder, who converted six straight attempts at the charity stripe to preserve the victory. QUOTABLE II:  "We got careless. We turned it over, and we relaxed. You know you can't do that in this league."    -- Scott Brooks on Oklahoma City's rocky finish to the game HOT:  Durant took control of the game in the fourth quarter, scoring 11 points while creating good looks for his teammates by taking advantage of the lethargic Houston defenders. NOT:  Westbrook struggled to find his shooting touch in the first half, making only 3 of 12 attempts. He also picked up a technical foul during the second quarter, displaying the mounting frustration that swarmed Westbrook at that time. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Scola's offensive production has been inconsistent lately, but Wednesday he rewarded fantasy owners who have stuck with him. Scola shot 13-for-24 from the field and grabbed 11 boards, posting his second double-double in the last three games. GOOD MOVE:  Durant had attempted just eight shots through three quarters, but the Thunder made the necessary adjustments in the fourth to get the ball to their star so he could go to work on the Rockets' lackluster defense. QUOTABLE III:  "I felt good. I felt good. What you trying to say? ... He always makes me a better player every time I play against him."   -- Kevin Durant on going against Houston forward  Shane Battier ROOKIE WATCH:  Rockets forward  Patrick Patterson  continued to take advantage of his increased role in Houston's rotation. He followed a solid performance in Boston on Monday by scoring eight points on 4-for-5 shooting to go with two assists and one rebound in Wednesday's contest. NOTABLE:  Houston's  Kevin Martin  (sprained right wrist) and  Brad Miller  (sore left knee) each missed their second consecutive game Wednesday. Martin is listed as day-to-day, while Miller is expected to be sidelined for one week. ... Rockets forward  Chuck Hayes  (right ankle sprain) will return to practice Thursday. ... Houston has shot 8-for-43 (18.6 percent) from 3-point range in its last two home games. ... The Thunder scored 66 points in the second half, matching the most points Houston has allowed over the final two quarters this season. ... Rockets guard  Courtney Lee  scored a season-high 19 points. ... Oklahoma City improved to 12-2 this season when Durant scores 30 or more. ... The Thunder are now 17-2 when they outrebound their opponent. ... Oklahoma City improved to 14-3 in games decided by seven points or less. UP NEXT:  For the Thunder, Thursday vs. Orlando (TNT), Monday @ L.A. Lakers (TNT), Wednesday @ Denver. For the Rockets, Friday vs. New Orleans, Saturday @ Atlanta, Monday vs. Milwaukee.  