Notebook: Bucks 104, Bulls 96 
 
 
 Kent McDill, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Jan 09, 2013 11:37 PM - Updated Wed Jan 09, 2013 11:37 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:  The Milwaukee Bucks used a barrage of 3-point shots in the second half to come from behind and beat the host Chicago Bulls 104-96 Wednesday at the United Center. Brandon Jennings scored a season-high 35 points, 20 in the third quarter, and  Mike Dunleavy  had 16 points off the bench.  Carlos Boozer  had 22 points and 11 rebounds for the Bulls.   
 
 THE FACTS II:  The Bucks did not lead in the first half, trailed by as many as 15 points in the second quarter and trailed by seven at halftime. Then they made five 3-pointers in the third quarter (four by Jennings) to build a nine-point lead. They then hit nine of 14 shots in the fourth quarter to secure the win. 
 
 THE FACTS III:  The Bulls let a 27-point lead slip away and lost 93-92 to the Bucks at the United Center Nov. 26. 
 
 THE STAT:  The Bucks, who lead the league in blocked shots, had a season-high 15 blocks, led by  Larry Sanders'  seven. The Bucks blocked 27 percent of the Bulls missed shots (15-of-56).  
 
 THE STAT II:  The Bucks made 10 of 22 3-pointers in the game. The Bulls attempted just 10 3-pointers and made four. 
 
 THE STAT III:  Jennings had 29 points, and made five of seven 3-pointers, in Tuesday's win at home against Phoenix.   
 
 QUOTABLE I:  "(There was) A little trash-talking before the second half. I guess he felt he had it going. I don't take trash-talking too kindly. I warned him, so, hey." 
  -- Milwaukee guard  Brandon Jennings , who had a heated conversation with Bulls guard  Nate Robinson . Jennings scored 25 of his 35 points in the second half.   
 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Bulls could not close the gap in the fourth quarter, but got to within one point at 92-91 with 4:24 remaining. Milwaukee's  Mike Dunleavy  hit a 3-pointer to push the lead to four points to give the Bucks some breathing room.  
 
 INJURY UPDATE:  Bulls guard  Kirk Hinrich  did not play because of a bruised right elbow suffered Monday against Cleveland. He is listed as day-to-day.  
 
 HOT:  Jennings missed his first five shots of the game then went 12 for 19 the rest of the way. 
 
 NOT:  Bulls starting guard  Rip Hamilton  was two for 11 from the field and played just 16 minutes.  Marco Belinelli  did little better as his replacement, going four for 14 in 31 minutes. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "Those are two guys who like to talk a lot. Put them in a room together and something is going to happen." 
 -- Milwaukee coach  Jim Boylan , talking about Jennings and Robinson.  
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  The Bucks are 2-0 under interim coach Boylan, who replaced  Scott Skiles  as coach on Tuesday. 
 
 BAD MOVE:   Robinson probably should not have gotten Jennings fired up by getting in his face at halftime. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "We got what we deserved."  
 -- Bulls coach  Tom Thibodeau . 
 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  With Hinrich out, Bulls guard  Marquis Teague  was supposed to help out at point guard, but he played just five minutes, made two glaring turnovers, and did not score. 
 
 QUOTABLE IV:  "I feel like I can do what I want. I got my swagger back, I can clown around." 
 -- Jennings talking about how it is different playing under Boylan rather than Skiles.     
 
 
 NOTABLE:  As the Bulls ran out to an 11-2 lead, all five starters scored once. ... The Bulls were pursuing their first four-game win streak of the season for the second time. ...  Carlos Boozer  has six consecutive double-doubles.   
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, @ New York Friday, vs. Phoenix Saturday, vs. Atlanta Monday. For the Bucks, vs. Detroit Friday, @ Toronto Sunday, @ L.A. Lakers Tuesday.   
