  Notebook: Hornets 93, Magic 67   By Larry Holder, for NBA.com Posted Friday January 27, 2012 11:02PM THE FACTS:  Forward  Carl Landry  came off the bench with a team-high 17 points as the New Orleans Hornets ended a nine-game losing streak as they pummeled the Orlando Magic 93-67 on Friday night in the New Orleans Arena. New Orleans was also in the midst of losing 15 of its previous 16 games before Friday night's win. QUOTABLE:  "The performance that the guys put on tonight, I just wanted to sit back and watch and applaud that. It's all the hard work we put it, it just seemed to pass tonight. We didn't plan on it having to be this long, but you have to start somewhere and tonight hopefully is our stepping stone."   -- Hornets guard  Jarrett Jack THE STAT:  Two and 23. Other than center  Dwight Howard , Orlando only shot two free throws as Howard went to the line 17 times hitting 10 shots. Also the Magic were quite sloppy with the basketball and they turned it over 23 times that turned into 28 Hornets points. TURNING POINT:  Following the opening tip, it was fairly apparent the Hornets were ready to exert energy to play Friday night and the Magic seemingly wanted no part in playing its fourth game in five days. Once New Orleans took the lead midway through the first quarter there was no looking back. QUOTABLE II:  "There's nothing to point to. It's the whole thing. We were awful. The three worst losses I think we've had since I've been here and it's in the matter of five days. It's tough to take. We were sitting at 11-4 and playing pretty well and all of a sudden, other than the Indiana game, we've fallen apart. ... The only thing we did tonight was dump the ball into Dwight. We had no energy coming off screens, the ball didn't move, guys didn't want to shoot the ball. It's very, very bad right now. It's a matter of energy and we don't seem to conjure that up right now."   -- Magic coach  Stan Van Gundy HOT:  The Hornets, in general, played probably their best game of the season. They shot 50.6 percent from the floor, won the rebounding battle and easily won the turnover battle.  Marco Belinelli  had 15 points and  Jason Smith  added 14 points. Plus the Hornets never allowed the Magic to score more than 19 points in any quarter and held Orlando to only 15 points in per quarter in the second and fourth quarters. NOT:  Any Magic player other than Howard as he was the only Orlando player to show up Friday night. His stat line was absolutely dominant with 28 points and 16 rebounds. No other Magic player was in double figures and Orlando only shot 39.3 percent from the floor collectively. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Actors  Will Ferrell  and  Jason Sudeikis  sat courtside for Friday night's game. They are in New Orleans filming "Dog Fight." NOTABLE:  Hornets center  Chris Kaman  was a healthy inactive for the second consecutive game and won't play again for the team as New Orleans attempts to trade Kaman, GM  Dell Demps  said. "We had a conversation with Chris and expressed that the Hornets are going in a different direction," Demps said in a statement. "We mutually decided for a number of reason that we are not going to play Chris as we pursue a trade. Chris has been the ultimate professional during this process and we thank him for the way he has handled the situation." Kaman came to New Orleans from the Clippers in the  Chris Paul  trade. ... Magic guard  Jameer Nelson  left the game in the second quarter with a jaw injury and didn't return. ... Magic forward  Ryan Anderson  missed Friday night's game after being kicked in the calf in Thursday night's loss against Boston. Van Gundy said Anderson's calf is sore, but should only take a couple of days to heal.  Glen Davis  started in Anderson's place. UP NEXT:  For the Magic, Sunday vs. Indiana, Monday at Philadelphia, Wednesday vs. Washington. For the Hornets, Sunday vs. Atlanta, Monday at Miami, Wednesday vs. Phoenix.  