  Notebook: Bulls 112, Cavaliers 91 Posted Saturday March 3, 2012 12:02AM By Brian Dulik, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Small forward  Luol Deng  scored a game-high 24 points and point guard  Derrick Rose  added 19 points and nine assists as the Chicago Bulls blasted the Cleveland Cavaliers 112-91. Power forward  Carlos Boozer  chipped in 13 points and 11 rebounds for the visiting Bulls, who shot 52.8 percent from the field in extending their winning streak to five games. Power forward  Antawn Jamison  paced the Cavaliers with 22 points, while point guard  Ramon Sessions  had 16 points and seven assists. Cleveland rookie point guard  Kyrie Irving  was a late scratch due to an illness he caught during NBA All-Star weekend. QUOTABLE:  "You have to play, I wouldn't say perfect basketball against them, but pretty close to it because they are that good. You need talent in this league to be successful and the Chicago Bulls have a heck of a lot of talent."   -- Cavaliers coach  Byron Scott THE STAT:  The Bulls are 2-0 against the Cavaliers this season with an average victory margin of 30.0 points. In their first meeting on Jan. 20, Chicago handed Cleveland its worst-ever home loss with a 114-75 thrashing at Quicken Loans Arena. "As a leader, it's upsetting to see the effort we put forth for 48 minutes tonight," Jamison said. "We lose by almost 40 points the last time we played them and almost did the same thing today. You've got to come out and match their intensity when you play Chicago. It's disappointing the way we came out and didn't execute." TURNING POINT:  After Sessions made two free throws to cut the Cavaliers' deficit to 64-54 early in the third quarter, Rose took over the game. The reigning NBA MVP exploded for 10 points and five assists in the next 7:30, triggering a 30-16 run that pushed Chicago's lead out to 94-70. "I'm a driver. I came into the league as a driver and that's what I do best," said Rose, who scored three driving layups during the assault. "I also played aggressively throughout the first half, but I wanted to get other guys into the game until we got the lead. I was just picking my spots." QUOTABLE II:  "Our game plan changed a little with Kyrie being out because we thought he was going to play, but honestly, we just try to focus on our game plan -- and whatever happens out there happens."   -- Boozer HOT:  In the first half, Chicago small forwards Deng and  Kyle Korver  combined to score 24 points and make all seven of their 3-pointers. ... Boozer notched his eighth double-double of the season. ... Bulls point guard  Ronnie Brewer  had 13 points, four rebounds and two steals in 23 strong minutes off the bench. ... Chicago shot 61.0 percent from the floor in the second half. ... Cavaliers power forward  Tristan Thompson  shared game-high honors with 11 rebounds. The fourth overall pick in the NBA Draft is averaging 9.7 points and 9.1 boards in his last seven contests. ... In four starts this season, Sessions is averaging 17.8 points and 11.0 assists. NOT:  The Cavaliers' biggest deficit of 28 points came with 5:52 left in the fourth quarter -- long after Chicago had pulled its starters. Bulls power forward  Taj Gibson  did the honors with a layup that made it 105-77. ... Cleveland has lost three straight home games and four in a row overall. ... Cavaliers backup guards  Daniel Gibson  and  Manny Harris  missed all five of their field goal attempts in the first three quarters, but made their stats look respectable by going 7-for-10 in the fourth. ... Jamison was 1-for-6 beyond the arc and fired up 17 total shots in 30 minutes. On the season, he is averaging a field goal attempt every 123 seconds. QUOTABLE III:  "That's a championship-caliber team, and that's what they played like tonight. You can't make mistakes against them because they'll make you pay. They've got so many talented players."  -- Cavaliers small forward  Omri Casspi GOOD MOVE:  The Bulls amped up their defensive pressure from the opening tip to take advantage of Irving's absence. Sessions and Gibson each had seven assists, but the Cavaliers' offense largely consisted of jump shots because they were unable to penetrate off the dribble. "When Kyrie isn't out there and their first option isn't there, they don't take the shots that they want to take," Rose said. "When he is out there and the first option isn't there, they can give it to him because he's a great playmaker and a great scorer. He makes the game easy for everyone." BAD MOVE:  Scott gave  Semih Erden  his ninth straight start at center for the Cavaliers, but the native of Turkey again failed to take advantage of the increased playing time. Erden picked up two fouls in the first 2:25, was outplayed by Chicago counterpart  Joakim Noah , and finished with four points and three rebounds. On the season, the second-year pro is averaging 3.4 points and 2.8 boards while shooting .452 from the foul line. With  Anderson Varejao  (right wrist fracture) expected to return within 2-3 weeks, the clock is ticking on Erden's golden opportunity. NOTABLE:  Rose and Irving have yet to play against each other due to injuries, but have one more opportunity to do so this season. The Cavaliers travel to Chicago on April 26, which is the final night of the regular season. "I was watching him all the time at Duke, so I can't wait for it," Rose said. "It will be fun, for sure." ... Scott said Irving's illness was "some type of bug he caught in Orlando, and it finally caught up with him." The No. 1 overall draft choice was named the MVP of the BBVA Rising Stars Challenge and finished last in the Taco Bell Skills Challenge during NBA All-Star weekend. ... Cleveland Browns wide receiver  Joshua Cribbs  and cornerback  Joe Haden  were in attendance, cheering for the Cavaliers. Both NFL players have become courtside staples at Quicken Loans Arena. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Sunday @ Philadelphia, Monday vs. Indiana, Wednesday @ Milwaukee. For the Cavaliers, Saturday @ Washington, Monday vs. Utah, Wednesday @ Denver.  