  Notebook: Clippers 103, Suns 86 Posted Thursday March 29, 2012 1:48AM By Dan Arritt, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The Clippers continue to right the ship following a three-game losing streak earlier this month that nearly sent their promising season spiraling out of control. They received 27 points, 14 rebounds and five assists from  Blake Griffin , and 15 points and 15 assists from  Chris Paul  in the 103-86 victory Wednesday night at Staples Center. They've won three straight games, all by double digits. THE STAT:  The Clippers are 8-0 this season when Griffin records at least five assists, and won for just the second time in the last 15 games against Phoenix. They blew a 12-point fourth-quarter lead in a loss to the visiting Suns on March 15. QUOTABLE:  "The last time we played them here at home it was kind of embarrassing. We had a lead and they just came back and beat us. We understand how important every game is right now. We're starting to play with a sense of urgency."   -- Chris Paul TURNING POINT:  After failing to earn separation during a poor-shooting second quarter for the Suns, the Clippers opened things up with a 10-2 run to end the third, giving them a 74-64 advantage heading into the fourth. Griffin then opened the final quarter by hitting a 17-footer and the Suns never got back within seven. HOT:  Phoenix coach  Alvin Gentry  had high praise for Clippers center  DeAndre Jordan  before the game, saying he might be the best shot blocker in the league. Jordan only blocked one shot against the Suns, but had the best night of his career in an area he has struggled the most, at the free-throw line. Jordan, a career 43.1 percent shooter from the stripe, shot 7-for-8, the most free throws he has converted in his four-year career and his best percentage when attempting more than four in a game. NOT:  Leading by six late in the first, the Suns gave it all back by missing their final two shots of the first and quarter and first 11 of the second. They went 9:52 between field goals. Unfortunately, the Clippers didn't make enough baskets during that stretch and led by only two at the half. GOOD MOVE:  During the fourth quarter, Griffin nearly 'posterized'  Channing Frye  in much the same way he did to  Kendrick Perkins  of Oklahoma City earlier this season and  Timofey Mozgov  of the Knicks a year ago. Frye had the good foresight to spin out of the way just as Griffin was elevating for the thunderous one-handed dunk. BAD MOVE:  Phoenix point guard  Steve Nash  would have broken an NBA record for the most assists without scoring any points, but Clippers backup forward  Bobby Simmons  was called for a technical foul after fouling  Marcin Gortat  with 4:13 remaining and the Clippers ahead by 16. Nash made the free throw to finish with one point and 15 assists. QUOTABLE:  "I was kind of questionable before the game with a back, so I wasn't really feeling mobile and I just tried to do whatever I could to help the team. Maybe I should have let someone else play, but I still thought I could contribute."   -- Steve Nash NOTABLE:  The Suns played without veteran small forward  Grant Hill , who missed his second consecutive game with inflammation in his right knee, and rookie forward  Markieff Morris , who was ill ... The Clippers shot better than 50 percent from the floor for the third straight game and are 10-1 when hitting that mark this season ... The Clippers are now two games behind the Lakers in the Pacific Division. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Friday vs. Portland, Monday @ Dallas, Wednesday vs. L.A. Lakers. For the Suns, Sunday vs. New Orleans, Tuesday @ Sacramento, Wednesday @ Utah.  