  Heat-Lakers notebook   By Bryan Chu, for NBA.com  Posted Saturday December 25, 2010 10:37PM THE FACTS:  With five minutes remaining in the game,  Kobe Bryant  and  LeBron James  walked shoulder to shoulder down the court jawing at each other back and forth. While Christmas cheer might have been lost in that exchange, James and the Heat got their message across loud and clear not only to the two-time defending champs but also to the rest of the league. In a game that was hyped since the schedule was released this season, the Heat, behind a triple-double from James, lit up the Lakers, 96-80, Saturday at Staples Center. Miami (23-9) was led by James' game-high 27 points, 11 rebounds, 10 assists and four steals.  Chris Bosh  tallied 24 points and 13 rebounds, and  Dwyane Wade  chipped in with 18 points and six assists. For the Lakers (21-9), Bryant and  Pau Gasol  each finished with 17 points and Lamar Odom contributed 14 points and nine rebounds. There is no sugar-coating what happened in this game. Los Angeles rolled over and Miami, which led by as many as 21, rose up. Los Angeles' effort against Miami was especially surprising after just being embarrassed by the lowly Bucks three days ago. The Lakers traded a listless performance against Milwaukee for an uninspired effort against the Miami, which has now won 14 of its last 15 games and nine straight on the road. In that same 15-game span, the Lakers have been a pedestrian 8-7 and are now 2-4 against teams with a winning record. Boos rained down on Miami's Big 3 when player introductions were made at the start of the game, but that didn't stop James, Bosh and Wade, who played well despite being hampered by a sore left knee. The trio, who scored the team's first 17 points, helped Miami rattle off a 13-2 run while the Lakers missed 10 straight during that span. Los Angeles was manhandled in the first quarter as Miami held the Lakers to just 14 points in the first quarter. Not much went right for the Lakers early.  Ron Artest  picked up two fouls in the first 2:34 of play. In the first quarter, Bryant missed all four of his shots and Gasol was 0-for-7. The only saving grace was Andrew Bynum, who finished with six points, scoring back-to-back baskets in the post as the Lakers trailed 20-14 at the end of the first quarter. QUOTABLE : "This is the most trust, and most poised we've played this season in one game...we're starting to believe in defending, rebounding and getting out in the open court."   -- Miami coach  Eric Spoelstra  on what this victory over the Lakers means. QUOTABLE II:  "I think these games mean more to our opponents than they mean to us. I think we need to get that straight...I don't like it."   ­-- Bryant on what has been going on with their recent play. THE STAT : 40: The number of years that have elapsed since a player posted a triple-double on Christmas Day. Only three players have accomplished the feat along with James:  Billy Cunningham, John Havlicek,  and  Oscar Robertson . TURNING POINT:  The play that showed just how together the Miami is playing and how dysfunctional Los Angeles is right now was at the 8-minute mark of the fourth quarter. A Bynum turnover led to a missed Wade layup, but James followed it in easily as no Laker was around. On the next possession, the Lakers turned the ball over again and it led to a wide-open  Mario Chalmers  3-pointer. Those two plays were part of a 16-4 run that squashed any chance of a comeback by the Lakers. QUOTABLE III:  "We always suck on Christmas. I don't think we're mean enough to show up on Christmas Day and play."   -- Bryant, whose team also lost to the Miami, which had Shaquille O'Neal, on Christmas Day 2004. HOT:  With James' 27-11-10 night, he logged his 31st career triple-double. James went 8-for-14 from the field and 5-for-6 from deep. He also didn't miss a free throw, a perfect 6-for-6. More importantly, James finished with just one turnover (the team recorded just nine). If you're counting, Bryant has 17 triple-doubles. NOT:  The Lakers wing players.  Derek Fisher  (six points, 2-for-3 from the field), Steve Blake (zero, 0-for-5) and Shannon Brown (10, 3-for-9) provided little for the Lakers. Bryant wasn't much better from the field either. It took him 16 shots to post 17 points. QUOTABLE IV:  "We want to impose our will. We want to play our style of basketball which is getting stops."  -- Bosh on defense being the team's signature. GOOD MOVE:  Spoelstra giving Chalmers extended minutes. Chalmers, who logged his third most minutes this season, finished with 13 points and hit three 3-pointers. Chalmers came into the game averaging 5.2 points per game, but in his last three games he is averaging 12.3 points. BAD MOVE:  Lakers forward Artest getting under James' skin. In the final minute of the second quarter, Artest and James both were assessed technicals after the two got tangled up under the basket. Artest put James in a headlock and stripped James' headband off. James shoved Artest in retaliation. James ended up finishing with a superb line while Artest had eight points on 3-for-8 shooting. QUOTABLE V:   "I was in a WWE headlock. I was just trying to get out of it. I got a technical for just getting out of a headlock. I wasn't expecting (a headlock). But I knew it was going to be physical."   - James on his altercation with Artest. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  The forgotten big acquisition this offseason was Bosh, who torched the Lakers frontline all game. Bosh finished with 24 points on 11-for-17 shooting and snagged a game-high 13 rebounds. He was red-hot in the first quarter, scoring nine of the team's first 17 points (one point less than the Lakers had as a team at the 3:48 mark of the game). Bosh has now scored 20-plus points in five of his last seven games. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Rappers  Kanye West  and  Snoop Dogg  were courtside. NOTABLE:  Lakers coach  Phil Jackson  said Bynum has been trying to get up to speed and be more reactionary, but as for Gasol's recent struggles, Jackson said, "He's got no base. He's kind of just lollygagging. He's putting a soft release on his shot. He's being indecisive about his jumpshot. Those are the kinds of things we're concerned about...I have some thoughts on, speculation on what's going on with Gasol, but I'm not going to share them." ... The biggest noise before tipoff was the Christmas-spirited shoes players were wearing. James had on red LEBRON 8 V/2 Nike's, and Bryant gave many of his teammates his new Grinch-green Nike Zoom Kobe VI sneakers. "Those are some of the best shoes I've ever seen," Artest said. "Kobe has a lot of style." ... Bryant didn't score his first basket until an one-handed dunk in at the 10-minute mark in the second quarter. It took Gasol eight shots before he made his first basket at the 5:42 mark of the second quarter ... Bryant was assessed a technical in the second quarter, his third in the last two games. UP NEXT : For the Lakers, Wednesday @ San Antonio, Thursday @ New Orleans, Friday vs. Philadelphia. For the Heat, Wednesday vs. New York, Thursday @ Houston, Saturday vs. Golden State.  