Notebook: Grizzlies 95, Celtics 88 
 
 
 Marlon W. Morgan, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Nov 05, 2013 12:00 AM - Updated Tue Nov 05, 2013 12:00 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Boston Celtics are now 0-4 for the first time since the 1969-70 season. They finished that season 34-48.  
 
 THE LEAD: Jerryd Bayless  scored all 15 of his points in the fourth quarter as the Grizzlies erased a six-point deficit to pull out a 95-88 win over the Celtics Monday night at FedExForum. Bayless tied for the team-high in scoring, joining  Zach Randolph  and  Mike Conley .  Marc Gasol  added 14. Boston was led by  Jeff Green 's 22. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I kept looking at my staff saying, `I've got to get Mike Conley in there,' but Jerryd kept making buckets. I would have been a fool if I would have taken Jerryd out of that game. He has kind of been due. He has missed some shots. He's a guy that's similar to Mike Miller in that every time he shoots, I think it's going in. He's had some rough nights." 
 -- Grizzlies coach  Mike Joerger  on Bayless.  
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Grizzlies held the Bucks to just 35 percent shooting, which is why they had a hard time hitting the 80-point mark. It marked the 22nd consecutive game that the Grizzlies have held their opponent under 100 points, which is why they lead the NBA in points allowed per game (90.0 before Wednesday).  
 
 TURNING POINT:  Bayless put the Grizzlies ahead for good at 87-86 with his 3-pointer with 4:19 remaining in the game. The Grizzlies managed to stay on top by clamping down on defense. They held the Celtics to just one field goal, a jumper by  Brandon Bass , for the remainder of the game. The Grizzlies ended the game on a 9-2 run. 
 
 HOT:  Bayless got hot when it mattered most. Entering the fourth quarter, the Grizzlies guard was 0-for-4 from the floor. But hit his first six shots in the fourth quarter to lead the Grizzlies comeback. He ended the quarter making 6 of 7 shots from the floor. 
 
 NOT:  It was a tough shooting night for Bass, the Celtics second-leading scorer. Averaging 13 points a game, Bass missed 8-of-his-11 shots and finished with just six points.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I think you just understand where we are and where we have to go. You do your best to focus on what's next and not pay too much attention to anything else. Again, I was disappointed (Sunday) night in a lot of ways with a lot of things, and I'm disappointed in the loss tonight. But I'm not disappointed in a lot of things." 
  -- Boston coach  Brad Stevens  on the team's 0-4 start. 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  The Grizzlies have defeated Boston three consecutive times for the first time in the franchise's history. They have beaten Boston five out of the last seven times. Prior to that, Boston had won six straight against Memphis. ... The Celtics, playing without point guard  Rajon Rondo , who is out with a torn ACL, continue to struggle with turnovers. They matched their season average with 21 turnovers which led to 20 points for the Grizzlies. The Grizzlies, however, weren't much better, committing 19 turnovers that resulted in 23 points for the Celtics. ...  Jared Sullinger  gave the Celtics some scoring off the bench as he put up a season-high 16 points, which included hitting two 3-pointers. ... After shooting 41 percent in the first half, the Grizzlies shot 57.8 percent in the second half, including 66.7 percent in the fourth quarter. Meanwhile, they held Boston to 41.2 percent in the second half, after allowing the Celtics to shoot 52.8 percent in the first half. ...  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Grizzlies, Wednesday vs. New Orleans, Saturday vs. Golden State, Monday at Indiana. For the Celtics, Wednesday vs. Utah, Friday at Orlando, Saturday at Miami. 
