
 Spurs-Thunder notebook   By Randy Renner, NBA.com  Posted Sunday November 14, 2010 10:11PM THE FACTS:  The San Antonio Spurs used a barrage of 3-point bombs to bury the Oklahoma City Thunder, 117-104, inside Oklahoma City Arena.  Matt Bonner  set a career high with seven 3-pointers and was perfect behind the arc. The Spurs were 11-for-20 from long range as Bonner and Manu Ginobili each had 21 for the Spurs.  Tony Parker  led San Antonio with 24.  Kevin Durant  led Oklahoma City with 23 points and  Russell Westbrook  added 19. That pair had scored more than 30 apiece the last two games. QUOTABLE:  "Durant's a great player so we tried to make him work his fanny off for everything he got tonight. I'll take 23 points on 23 shots."   --Spurs coach  Gregg Popovich THE STAT:  The Spurs made their run to the lead in the third quarter. San Antonio held OKC to just 14 points on 4-for-16 shooting as they ran away from the Thunder in the fourth by going 6-for-8 on 3-pointers. OKC was just 2-for-7 from long range as it tried to catch up. TURNING POINT:  San Antonio had scoring runs at the start of the third and fourth quarters that helped it seize control of the win. First, the Spurs used a 14-6 run right after halftime to go from five points down to three points up. Then, San Antonio jumped out with an 8-2 run to open the fourth that gave them an eight-point advantage. QUOTABLE II:  "They did a good job of exposing us in many areas. We had trouble guarding the 3-point line. When you make a mistake they capitalize on it."    --Thunder coach  Scott Brooks HOT : The Thunder hit their first five shots of the game. NOT:  The Spurs began the game by missing nine of their first 10 shots. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Another youngster thrilled the sellout crowd with a rousing rendition of the National Anthem. Two games ago it was an eight-year-old girl, and tonight nine-year-old  Addison Baker  from Norman delivered. ROOKIE WATCH:  Spurs guard  Gary Neal  played 18 minutes, scoring five points and grabbing five rebounds. ... Rookie forward  Tiago Splitter  was in the game for 3:27, scoring two points and pulling down two rebounds. ... Guard  James Anderson  is injured and did not play. ... Thunder center  Cole Aldrich  was the only Thunder player in uniform who did not play. NOTABLE:  The Spurs' 8-1 start is the best in franchise history. The Thunder hit 80 percent of their free throws, their worst percentage of the season. UP NEXT:  For the Spurs, Wednesday vs Bulls, Friday @ Utah, Saturday vs Cavaliers. For the Thunder, Monday @ Utah, Wednesday vs Rockets, Friday @ Boston. 
