  Notebook: Grizzlies 94, Thunder 88 Posted Monday April 2, 2012 11:35PM By Randy Renner, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Memphis guard  O.J. Mayo  drilled a long 3-pointer with 17.2 seconds left to play giving the Memphis Grizzlies the cushion they needed to hold on for a 94-88 win in Oklahoma City. Mayo finished with 22 points to lead Memphis. The game-winning shot was his only 3-pointer of the night. The Grizzlies had five other players in double figures.  Tony Allen  had 15 and  Marc Gasol  dropped in 13 points. Grizzlies head coach  Lionel Hollins  had said before the game that in order to secure their spot in the playoffs the Grizz needed to, "win this game tonight and a lot more." The first part of that mission was accomplished with tenacious defense that forced the Thunder into 18 turnovers resulting in 23 Memphis points.  Kevin Durant  led Oklahoma City with 21 points,  Russell Westbrook  had 19 (12 in the fourth quarter) but he turned it over five times.  James Harden  added 14. Memphis dominated the offensive glass and controlled the Thunder fast break holding OKC to just two points. QUOTABLE:  "We weren't running the ball like we would have liked. They got back and made us play in the half court. Give them credit they put their hands on us and were very physical."  --  Thunder head coach  Scott Brooks. QUOTABLE II:  "We were able to be very physical with them. That's a big win for us."  --  Hollins THE STAT:  Thunder All-Stars Durant (8-for-20) and Westbrook (5-for-16) were a combined 13-for-36 (36.1 percent) and just 2-for-11 (18.2 percent) on 3-pointers...Oklahoma City scored just two fast break points on 0-for-4 shooting. TURNING POINT:  This one was a grinder, it was tied nine times and the lead changed hands 12 times but with the Thunder rallying to in the last minute to close the gap to a single point Mayo's bomb from 25 feet out detonated any OKC hopes. QUOTABLE III:  "Juice (Mayo) has hit a lot of big shots for us and he hit the shot that iced the game."  --  Hollins. HOT:  Both Thunder forward Durant and guard Harden started the game 3-for-4...Westbrook was 3-for-4 (12 points) in the fourth quarter...Gasol was 3-for-4 in the fourth quarter. NOT:  The Grizzlies shot just 31 percent (13-for-42) in the first 20 minutes... Zach Randolph  was 1-for-5 in that time...Memphis finished the first half hitting just 30.6 percent (15-for-49)...The Thunder had stayed away from turnovers for the last several games but they came roaring back in the first half as OKC turned it over 12 times resulting in 16 Memphis points...Westbrook was just 2-for-12 after three quarters...Durant was 1-for-6 on 3-pointers in the second half. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Another sell-out crowd inside Chesapeake Energy Arena, the 42nd consecutive regular season full house and 51st straight counting last season's playoffs. GOOD MOVE:  Memphis guard Allen picked up two quick fouls in the first quarter while defending Thunder point guard Westbrook, "Let me stay in the game," Allen shouted to Grizzlies head coach Hollins after the second foul. Hollins didn't pull Allen and he hounded Westbrook into a 1-for-5 first quarter. GOOD MOVE TOO:  Memphis wanted to limit Oklahoma City's fast break opportunities and the Grizzlies did in the first half allowing OKC to run out only twice. The Thunder failed to score on both trips. NOTABLE:  This is just the third game this season Oklahoma City has been held under 90 points...OKC limited Memphis to just 39.1 percent shooting. The Grizzlies are the 15th opponent held to less than 40 percent shooting this season. The Thunder has now lost two of those games. UP NEXT:  For the Grizzlies, Tuesday vs. Golden State, Wednesday @ Dallas, Friday @ Miami. For the Thunder, Wednesday @ Miami, Friday @ Indiana, Sunday vs. Toronto.  