Notebook: Heat 117, Jazz 94 
 
 
 Zachary Paul, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Mon Dec 16, 2013 11:36 PM - Updated Mon Dec 16, 2013 11:36 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Miami Heat have won 17 straight against the Western Conference, which is the second longest streak as such in NBA history.  
 
 THE LEAD:  After a slow start, the Miami Heat awakened in the second half to capture a 117-94 victory against the Utah Jazz on Monday at AmericanAirlines Arena.  
 Forward  LeBron James  had a game-high 30 points, nine assists and nine rebounds. Guard  Dwyane Wade  finished with 27 points on 9-for-14 shooting while center  Chris Bosh  added 20 points and six rebounds.  
 The Heat trailed 50-47 at halftime before taking control in the fourth quarter. The only suspense was when James left early in the fourth quarter after rolling his left ankle. He returned later to cap the performance. The Heat led by double-digits for most of the quarter, with the starters hitting the bench at the three-minute mark.  
 The lone bright spot for the Jazz was the play of reserve guard  Alec Burks , who finished with a game-high 31 points. For the Heat, the win provides momentum entering Wednesday's game against the Eastern Conference-leading Indiana Pacers.  
 The Pacers won the first meeting in Indianapolis on Dec. 10.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  The guys came out with great activity [defensively] but also offensively, very aggressive. It was a much more aggressive disposition than we had had previously." 
 -- Heat coach  Erik Spoelstra  on the third quarter  
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Heat shot a franchise-record 63.4 percent from the field. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  After trailing by three at halftime, the Heat outscored the Jazz 36-21 in the third quarter.   
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "They went on a 14-1 run. They shot a pretty good percentage in the first half. They shot 63 percent for the game. We didn't match their intensity in the second half. Give them credit."  
 -- Jazz coach  Tyrone Corbin   
 
 
 HOT:  The third quarter was arguably Bosh's best of the season. It was the most aggressive he's played of late, mostly because the bulk of his points came in the paint. Critics have said Bosh has relied too much on the 3-point shot, but he showed he could still produce in the paint.   
 
 NOT:  The Jazz's backcourt of  Gordon Hayward  and  Trey Burke  never got going. Hayward was outplayed on both ends by Wade, and Burke struggled against  Mario Chalmers  and  Norris Cole . They combined to shoot just 3-for-16 from the field.  
 
 GOOD MOVE:  The Heat were dominated in the frontcourt during the first half, but made the proper adjustments. The interior defense was much more effective in slowing  Derrick Favors  and limiting points in the paint in the second half.  
 
 BAD MOVE:  Although Wade and James were spectacular, the Jazz allowed too many opportunities for them to set up teammates. Cole, Chalmers and  Ray Allen  spent most of the night taking open 3-pointers.  
 
 NOTABLE:  Heat forward  Michael Beasley  missed his fifth straight game with a strained hamstring.   
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Wednesday vs. Indiana, Friday vs. Sacramento, Monday vs. Atlanta. For the Jazz, Wednesday @ Orlando, Friday @ Atlanta, Saturday @ Charlotte. 
