  Pacers-Raptors notebook   By Holly J. MacKenzie, for NBA.com Posted Friday March 11, 2011 11:25PM THE FACTS:  On Friday night at the Air Canada Centre, the Toronto Raptors defeated the Indiana Pacers, 108-98. The loss was Indiana's sixth in a row. The Raptors were led by  Leandro Barbosa  who had an explosive performance off the bench with a season-high 29 points. The Pacers were led by  Danny Granger's  25 points. With 6.8 seconds remaining, Barbosa went to the hoop for a layup attempt. When the Raptors played the Pacers in Indiana on January 31st,  Darren Collison  made a 3-point basket in the final seconds with the game already in hand. The Raptors were not impressed that night and got their form of payback tonight. Not surprisingly, the Pacers were not happy with Barbosa's shot and there were heated words on the court as time expired and both teams spoke about the final play. QUOTABLE:  If I was on him, I would have took his head off and I would have been suspended for a game for a flagrant foul. Stuff like that will set in the back of your head the next time we play Toronto. We don't play them again but if I was on him, I would have taken his neck off."   --  Danny Granger when asked about the final play of the game involving Barbosa. QUOTABLE II:  "I can't remember but, like I said, it'll sit in the back of your mind next time you play Toronto. That's unsportsmanlike. I would have taken his head off and busted his lip. That's just me though."   --  Granger when he was asked if he remembered the way they had finished the game against the Raptors in Indiana in January. THE STAT:  Leandro Barbosa scored a season-high 29 points off of the bench for the Raptors, including 13 points in the second quarter when the Raptors pulled away from the Pacers and took a 14-point halftime lead. Toronto's bench scored 46 points to 29 for the Pacers reserves. TURNING POINT:  While the Raptors led by double-figures for most of the second half, the Pacers pulled within six with under two minutes remaining in the game. Unfortunately for Indiana,  Jose Calderon  blew past everyone to the hoop for a layup and then Granger missed a shot out of the timeout and the Calderon all but finished things at the free throw line. QUOTABLE III:  "You can't give respect if you don't have respect. When we went over there to play I wasn't there, but I saw on TV they made a shot and the game was over and they counted the shot so we did the same thing. They got mad, but like I said, this is NBA. You cant give respect if you don't have respect."   --  Leandro Barbosa when he was told that Granger took offensive to his final shot. HOT:  Barbosa's 29 points were a season-high and came on 12-for-21 shooting. He scored 13 of his 29 in the second quarter when the Raptors pulled away. He also shot 2-for-4 from beyond the arc and added two three rebounds, two assists and a steal to his line. NOT:   Andrea Bargnani  returned from a one-game absence after battling the flu and his time away from the court showed. Bargnani finished just 1-for-13 from the floor and heard boos from the crowd when he shot an airball from deep. NOTABLE:   Reggie Evans  had 16 rebounds in his second game back since foot surgery. Darren Collison had 13 points and seven assists for the Pacers.  Tyler Hansbrough  scored 20 points and pulled down seven rebounds. The Raptors outrebounded Indiana, 46-34 and recorded seven blocked shots to Indiana's one. UP NEXT:  For the Pacers, Sunday @ New York, Tuesday vs. New York and Wednesday @ Boston. For the Raptors, Sunday vs. Charlotte, Wednesday @ Detroit and Friday vs. Washington.  