  Notebook: Bucks 120, Warriors 98 Posted Saturday March 17, 2012 2:06AM By Geoff Lepper, for NBA.com THE FACTS: Monta Ellis  had 18 points in his Milwaukee debut, helping his new team beat his old one as the Bucks topped the Golden State Warriors, 120-98 Friday for their season-best fifth consecutive win. Milwaukee put six players in double-figures, including another ex-Warrior,  Mike Dunleavy , who came off the bench to score a game-high 24 points. Luc Mbah a Moute , pressed into starting duty at power forward for the Bucks with  Ersan Ilyasova  unavailable due to illness, put up a career-high 22 points and grabbed a season-high 17 rebounds. Beno Udrih  had a game-high nine assists for the Bucks, who totaled 33 on the evening and topped the 30-assist mark for a third straight game. That's the longest such streak for Milwaukee since April 2001. David Lee paced  Golden State with 22 points, but the Warriors trailed by 19 after the first quarter and never led the contest. QUOTABLE:  "We just kind of got into a groove of sharing the ball, and it gets contagious. When that happens, you get games like that where there's a lot of assists, guys are knocking down shots, in a rhythm, feeling good, and it was great to be a part of."   -- Dunleavy TURNING POINT:  The Bucks scored the final 13 points of the first quarter to turn an already-large lead into an insurmountable deficit. Ellis had four points in that run, and Milwaukee was up 31-12 at the end of the period. The Bucks' advantage would eventually balloon to 30 points before Milwaukee coasted home. QUOTABLE II:  "I don't think that way, so I can't comprehend that taking place. The mindset should be, 'Hello, nice to see you. Congratulations, and let's hit the deck and let's go -- I'm going at you.' Obviously, that wasn't our mindset tonight. We took all the punches and threw none."   -- Warriors coach  Mark Jackson , on whether the emotion's of Ellis' return played a part in Golden State's slow start INSIDE THE ARENA:  Ellis, the former face of the Warriors franchise until Tuesday's trade, received a roaring, standing ovation during pre-game introductions that lingered as he waved to the Oracle Arena crowd. Ellis walked down to the Warriors bench just before tip-off and hugged several former teammates, then continued his pre-game tradition by reaching into the crowd to give a kiss to his young son, Monta Jr. QUOTABLE III:  "(The ovation) was great. It was touching but, at the same time, we still had a job to do. We came out, played like a team, got the win. That was all that mattered."   -- Ellis FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Continuing his recent run of sparkling play, Dunleavy -- who was traded from Golden State more than five years ago but still hears boos from the Oracle Arena crowd -- went 7-for-8 from the floor, 4-for-5 on 3-pointers and threw in four assists against zero turnovers for good measure. It was Dunleavy's sixth consecutive game with more than 15 points, as he continues to build a potential case for Sixth Man of the Year voting. HOT:  With Ilyasova resting at the team hotel due to a bronchial problem, Mbah a Moute stepped into the lineup and provided an immediate boost, with eight points (4-for-4 floor) and six rebounds in the pivotal first quarter. NOT:  Warriors guard  Klay Thompson , who stepped into Ellis' old spot in Golden State's lineup, was 1-for-7 in the first quarter, and though he recovered to go 5-for-10 the rest of the way, the damage was undeniably done. GOOD MOVE:  It wasn't just that the Bucks passed the ball around Friday, it was the fact that they were so democratic with the distribution of shot attempts. Three members of the starting five took 15 shots (Ellis, Mbah a Moute and  Brandon Jennings ), another had 14 ( Drew Gooden ) and the last had 10 ( Carlos Delfino ). All told, the Bucks' starting five totaled 84 points. NOTABLE:  Bucks coach  Scott Skiles  said he didn't know how long Ilyasova might be out for, although he can rest up for a couple of days. Milwaukee is staying in the Bay Area through the weekend before heading Monday to Portland for its next game. ... The Warriors' 12 first-quarter points were a season-low for Golden State. ...  Richard Jefferson , acquired by Golden State on Thursday from San Antonio in exchange for  Stephen Jackson , was at the arena but not cleared to play, because Jackson had yet to take his physical with the Spurs. UP NEXT:  For the Warriors, Saturday @ Utah, Monday vs. Minnesota, Wednesday @ New Orleans. For the Bucks, Tuesday @ Portland, Thursday vs. Boston, Friday @ Charlotte.  