  Notebook: Bulls 90, Hawks 79 Posted Monday February 20, 2012 7:49PM By Kent McDill, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  With guard  Derrick Rose  back after a five-game absence due to back spasms, the Chicago Bulls defeated the visiting Atlanta Hawks 90-79 Monday. Rose played 35 minutes and scored 23 points with five rebounds and six assists, although he did appear to be in pain occasionally during the second half.  Carlos Boozer  added 16 points and  Joakim Noah  had 16 rebounds for the Bulls. Reserve guard  Jannero Pargo , a former Bull, led the Hawks with 19 points.  Joe Johnson  played only 21 minutes for Atlanta because of a knee injury. THE FACTS II:  The Hawks trailed the entire second half, most of it by double digits, but closed to within five points late in the fourth quarter at 84-79. But the Bulls held Atlanta scoreless the last 3:24 of the game. QUOTABLE:  "His explosiveness was there. His drive to the basket was there. Overall I was very pleased."    -- Bulls coach  Tom Thibodeau  on the return of Rose. THE STAT:  The Bulls outrebounded the Hawks in the first half, 30-13. The Bulls had 13 offensive boards to just one for Atlanta, and Noah almost outrebounded the Hawks himself with 11 boards in the first half. THE STAT II:  The Hawks were 10 for 21 from the free throw line. TURNING POINT:  The Bulls went on a 23-4 run in the first quarter with Rose getting his nine points, including a pair of three-pointers. They maintained their double-digit lead until the end of the game. INJURY UPDATE:  Rose played for the first time in six games after suffering from back spasms. Bulls guard  C.J. Watson  missed the game due to concussion-like symptoms resulting from a collision with New Jersey Nets forward  Kris Humphries  on Saturday. Atlanta's Johnson left the game with a knee injury early in the second half and did not return. Hawks starting forward  Marvin Williams  missed the game due to personal reasons. HOT:  The Bulls' backup point guards continue to support the team in the face of injuries to Rose and Watson.  Mike James  and  John Lucas III  combined for 17 points in 26 minutes of play. QUOTABLE II:  "We're trying to get our team back together."    -- Bulls forward  Luol Deng , talking about the return of Rose. NOTABLE:  The Bulls have not lost two regular season games in a row since Feb. 5-7 of last season. They have won after each of their last 12 regular season losses. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, vs. Bucks Wednesday, vs. Hornets Friday, vs. Hornets Feb. 28. For the Hawks, @ Knicks Wednesday, vs. Magic Thursday, vs. Warriors Feb. 29.  