  Bucks-Wizards notebook   By Rick Braun, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday January 19, 2011 11:31PM THE FACTS: Keyon Dooling  had a season-high 23 points,  Corey Maggette  added 21, and  Earl Boykins  had 19 off the bench to lead the Milwaukee Bucks to a 100-87 victory over Washington Wednesday night at the Bradley Center, extending the Wizards' road losing streak to 20 games to start the season. QUOTABLE:  "Back home we have so much energy and so much extra bounce in our step on defense, but on the road it's horrible. We're just a step too slow, nobody is getting to the basket, nobody is getting charges. We're averaging at least two or three charges at home, a couple more blocked shots. It's the little stuff at home we don't do on the road."   -- Wizards rookie point guard  John Wall THE STAT:  With injuries being a major problem for the Bucks this season, 83 of their 100 points came from players that were not on last season's 46-36 team that pushed Atlanta to seven games in the first round of the playoffs. With  Carlos Delfino ,  Brandon Jennings  and  John Salmons  out with injuries,  Andrew Bogut  (six points),  Ersan Ilyasova  (nine points) and  Luc Richard Mbah a Moute  (two points) were the only three from last year's team of the 10 Bucks that played. TURNING POINT:  After the Bucks took a 90-74 lead on two Dooling free throws with 2:08 left, the Wizards scored the next night points to cut it to 90-83.  Boykins then rained in a 3-pointer to stop the run and start the Bucks on an 8-0 run of their own. Game over. QUOTABLE II:  "I was happy to see Keyon making shots. He's always been capable of making shots, but this year it's been real tough for him shooting, and to see him go out there and make shots and really get into a rhythm, I was really happy for him tonight."   -- Boykins on Dooling's hot shooting night. HOT:  Dooling made 9-of-11 shots, including 3-of-4 on 3-pointers. He entered the game shooting just 36.8 percent from the field and 30.5 percent from long distance. NOT:  Washington's  Rashard Lewis  was just 3-for-11 and missed all five 3-pointers he attempted. INSIDE THE ARENA:  A fan wearing a Chicago Bears No. 22 jersey was roundly booed as he walked down an aisle behind the Washington bench. The Bears play the Green Bay Packers in the NFC championship on Sunday. GOOD MOVE:  The Wizards nearly got back into the game after switching to a zone defense late in the fourth quarter. Washington went on a 9-0 run to pull within 90-83 before Boykins hit a 3-pointer over the zone to put the momentum back on Milwaukee's side. ROOKIE WATCH:  Washington rookie  John Wall  had 10 assists in the first half but could only add three to the total when the Wizards went cold in the second half. He finished with 10 points on 3-of-11 shooting and 13 assists. NOTABLE:  Bucks guard John Salmons was a scratch just before tip-off with right hip soreness.  Chris Douglas-Roberts  started in his place. ... After making their first two shots, the Bucks missed 13 of their last 16 shots in the first quarter. Meanwhile, the Wizards missed their first five shots and then made 12 of 17 the rest of the quarter. ... Starters Bogut and Douglas-Roberts both went scoreless in the first half for Milwaukee. ... Between a tip-in by  Yi Jianlian  with 5:06 left in the the third and a 3-point play by  Kirk Hinrich  with 4:07 left in the fourth -- a span of 12:59 -- guard  Nick Young 's four jump shots were the only Washington points from the field. UP NEXT:  For the Wizards, Friday vs. Phoenix, Monday vs. Boston, Tuesday @ New York. For the Bucks, Friday @ Cleveland, Saturday. vs. Memphis, Monday @ Chicago.  