  Notebook: Spurs 121, Nuggets 117   By Tim Price, for NBA.com Posted Sunday January 8, 2012 12:24AM THE FACTS:   The San Antonio Spurs held off a strong rally to beat the Denver Nuggets 121-117 on Saturday at AT&T Center, despite  Danilo Gallinari  matching a career high with 31 points. Seven players scored in double figures for San Antonio, including a career high 24 points by journeyman guard  Danny Green , who was 9-of-13 from the floor, including three 3-pointers.  It snapped a four-game Nuggets winning streak, and the Spurs remained unbeaten at home with a league-best 6-0. Denver (6-3) played without Nene, who played 25 minutes the previous night in New Orleans before sitting the entire fourth quarter. The Spurs (6-2) are without  Manu Ginobili , meaning it was key to get the career-high in points and minutes (33) from Green. The former second-round pick out of North Carolina in 2009 for Cleveland, Green added seven rebounds, two steals and two blocked shots. Richard Jefferson  scored 19 for San Antonio, including a 3-pointer following his block of  Ty Lawson  on a fast break layup try that gave the Spurs and eight-point lead just past the two-minute mark. QUOTABLE:  "They were running it down our throats the entire game and the last two days all coach ( Gregg Popovich ) has been talking about was transition defense. After I got the block I could see (Lawson) was down. I tried to sprint back and fortunately my teammate found me and I was able to knock it down."    -- Jefferson on the key sequence with the blocked shot and 3-pointer in the final two minutes THE STAT:  The Nuggets pulled out a game they trailed entering the fourth quarter the previous night in New Orleans. Much of the rally was supplied by  Kosta Koufas , who played the entire 12 minutes while Nene sat with his sore right foot. It got so bad overnight for Nene that he couldn't go in San Antonio. Koufas played only six minutes -- none in the fourth quarter -- and the lack of inside play for Denver allowed the Spurs to take a 18-11 advantage in second-chance points. Also, the Spurs were able to put point guards  Tony Parker  and  T.J. Ford  on the floor at the same time to face the pressure defense that was coming their way late in the game. Parker scored nine points in the fourth. TURNING POINT:  The Spurs led by as many as 20, but the Nuggets spent the late first half and all of the second half chipping away to get as close as 106-104. Trailing by five with two minutes to go, Lawson got a breakaway when Gallinari advanced his steal of Parker. Jefferson got back and put his hand on the ball. Ford got the loose ball back up court, Jefferson hustled back on offense, Lawson wasn't so quick, and Jefferson collected Parker's pass back out past the top of the key and hit a 3-pointer to put San Antonio ahead 115-107 instead of clinging to a 112-109 lead if Lawson had made the layup. QUOTABLE II:  "You see the replay? I was fouled."   -- Lawson commenting on the exchange under the basket with Jefferson HOT:  Jefferson's big three was part of a 5-of-8 night from the arc. He's 19-of-30 (63 percent) the past five games and after tonight is tied at the top of the league with Boston's Ray Allen for number of threes hit with 26 this season. NOT:  Koufas took only two shots and missed both of them. He was 4-of-4 in the fourth quarter in New Orleans. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Gallinari had a season high in scoring last night before matching his career high tonight. In four of the past five games he's averaging 23.8 points on 31-of-61 shooting (51 percent). Lawson had a double-double (20 points, 10 assists), and so did San Antonio's  DeJuan Blair  (10 points, 10 rebounds). INSIDE THE ARENA:  Former Spurs and Nuggets head coach  Doug Moe  (he also assisted on  George Karl's  staff in Denver) came by visit the Nuggets while staying at his San Antonio home. GOOD MOVE:  The Spurs went to plenty of pick-and-roll plays back behind the free-throw line that put Parker on the taller defender  Al Harrington . It kept Harrington guessing, and Parker was 4-of-6 from the floor for his nine fourth-quarter points. BAD MOVE:  The Spurs were pushing a 20-point lead midway through the second quarter, but Karl was slow to find something that would disrupt the Spurs. He inserted  Corey Brewer  (he did not play last night in New Orleans) with 6:50 to go before halftime, and Denver finished the first half with a 19-7 run. Brewer hit both of his shots, but he had two key steals to get the Nuggets out on the fastbreak and also forced a turnover by drawing a charge from Parker. ROOKIE WATCH:  First-round pick  Kawhi Leonard  (San Diego State) played almost 20 minutes for San Antonio. He hit 3-of-4 shots, but had five rebounds). NOTABLE:  The Nuggets are 2-0 were in games where Koufos started in place of Nene. ...  Andre Miller  moved into fifth place on the Nuggets all-time assist list with 2,007, passing  Dan Issel . UP NEXT:  For the Nuggets, Monday vs. New Orleans, Wednesday vs. New Jersey, Friday vs. Miami. For the Spurs, Sunday @ Oklahoma City, Tuesday @ Milwaukee, Wednesday vs. Houston.  