  Notebook: Suns 109, Kings 100 Posted Wednesday April 4, 2012 1:31AM By James Ham, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The Kings played well for about 42 minutes before falling apart late and allowing the Phoenix Suns to walk away with the 109-100 victory in Sacramento. Marcin Gortat  led the way for the Suns with 20 points and 10 rebounds before fouling out late in the fourth. Veteran  Michael Redd  provided a huge spark off the bench, scoring 16 points in just 16 minutes of action. But when it mattered, former MVP  Steve Nash  torched the Kings, finishing with 18 points, 12 assists and six rebounds in the Suns win. DeMarcus Cousins  carried his Kings for most of the night, finishing with a career-high 41 points and 12 rebounds. Rookie  Isaiah Thomas  scored 25 points and handed out seven assists, while  Terrence Williams  continued his strong play off the bench for the Kings, dropping another well rounded 16 point, five assist and six rebound night. QUOTABLE:  "I believe tonight it was five against one. It was all five of us trying to guard Steve Nash. All the credit to Steve. He's an incredible player. He knows how to run his team. He's definitely professional and one of the best points (guards) to play this game. He's a tough matchup for anybody."   -- DeMarcus Cousins on the big night by Nash. THE STAT:  Nash finished the game with 12 assists and only one turnover, in 32 minutes of action. When the Suns needed to close out the Kings, they turn to their leader and he responded. TURNING POINT:  After playing out of his mind for most of the game, Cousins picked up an offensive foul for shoving  Channing Frye  at the 6:25 mark of the fourth. The Kings were trailing 93-88 at the time and the Suns went on an 8-2 run over the next two and a half minutes to put Sacramento away. QUOTABLE II:  "I just keep telling him all the time -- individually, our team, as a group, our players, keep telling him -- you're too important for our team for you to get sideways. The M.O. around the league is - get under his skin and he'll step out of his game. I'm not saying purposely, but I'm saying you can see what teams are doing sometimes."   -- Kings coach  Keith Smart  on the development of Cousins. HOT:  Cousins was dominant tonight. The Kings big man scored a game high 41 points on 16-for-25 shooting and added 12 rebounds for his 32nd double-double of the season. NOT:   Jimmer Fredette  had every opportunity to shine in the first half and did not. The rookie scorer out of BYU missed all five of his shot attempts in the first half and finished 0-for-6 from the field with five missed 3-pointers. GOOD MOVE:  Coach  Alvin Gentry  seems to know the exact moment to reinsert Nash into a ball game. The veteran guard played only 32 minutes tonight, but orchestrated the game to perfection when he was on the floor. NOTABLE:  Cousins set a new career high in points with 41. The second-year big man out of Kentucky achieved his previous high of 38 on March 26 at Houston. UP NEXT:  For the Suns, Wednesday @ Utah, Friday @ Denver, Saturday vs. L.A. Lakers. For the Kings, Thursday vs. L.A. Clippers, Saturday @ L.A. Clippers, Sunday vs. Houston.  