  Notebook: Sixers 97, Raptors 62   By Andy Jasner, for NBA.com Posted Saturday January 7, 2012 11:09PM THE FACTS:  Once again, a very balanced 76ers offense led the way in a 97-62 rout of the Toronto Raptors Saturday night at the Wells Fargo Center. Five Sixers scored in double figures anchored by  Andre Iguodala  (14 points and 10 rebounds) and  Jrue Holiday  (14 points).  Lou Williams  contributed 13 points and  Thaddeus Young  had 12 points as the Sixers improved to 5-2 and won their fourth in a row.  Andrea Bargnani  led the Raptors (3-5) with 21 points and 11 rebounds while  Amir Johnson  had 12 points and 14 rebounds. It was the second straight listless loss for Toronto. QUOTABLE:  "It's all about playing defense. We know we can score. It's all about how we react and how we respond on defense."  --  Sixers forward  Elton Brand. THE STAT:  The Raptors were just 1-of-12 from beyond the arc. Last night, the Sixers held the Pistons to 0-of-10 from long range. If you're counting, that's 1-of-22 combined from the opposition. TURNING POINT:  Try the whole third quarter. The Sixers broke open a 41-34 halftime lead with a 32-15 outburst in the third. Their defense was relentless and their offensive execution was smooth for a commanding 73-49 advantage. It wasn't just one player, either. The ball moved crisply around the perimeter on offense and the team was stingy on defense, limiting Toronto to a number of difficult shots. HOT:  Holiday knocked down six of his 10 shots, including 2-of-4 from 3-point territory. NOT: DeMar DeRozan  never got untracked and finished with eight points on 4-of-13 shooting. He had no free throw attempts, just one rebound and three turnovers. QUOTABLE II:  "We're a transition team. We're not trying to pound you inside. We're a team that likes to get out in the open court in transition."  --  Young. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Iguodala played a solid all-around game with a double-double to go along with two assists, two blocked shots and one steal. He also connected on all six free throw attempts. INSIDE THE ARENA:  There was less buzz in the Wells Fargo Center for the second home game against the Raptors, which is understandable. Just one night earlier, the Sixers made their home debut against the Pistons. Former Sixers owner  Ed Snider  attended the game and took in the action front a front row seat.  Moses Malone, Bobby Jones  and  Earl Cureton  -- all members of the 1983 Sixers title team -- also watched the game from a luxury suite. QUOTABLE III:  "I thought the third quarter was more mental and physical fatigue than it was disposition."  --  Raptors coach  Dwane Casey. GOOD MOVE:  Sixers coach  Doug Collins  spread the minutes around, including rookie  Nikola Vucevic . With so many games in the month of January, Collins is smart enough to keep his players fresh. After an off day Sunday, the Sixers will host Indiana and Sacramento on Monday and Tuesday, respectively. He'll need fresh legs from his team. BAD MOVE:  Bargnani wasn't aggressive enough. Sure, he's a terrific shooter and entered the game seventh in the league in scoring. But he needs to get to the free throw line more than six times. ROOKIE WATCH:  Vucevic contributed in many ways off the bench for the Sixers. He had nine points, 10 rebounds, two assists and two blocked shots in just under 20 minutes. If the Sixers can get that type of production from Vucevic on a daily basis, it will be a major bonus. And Sixers second-round pick  Lavoy Allen  earned his first playing time of the season in the final four-plus minutes. He had two rebounds and missed his only shot. NOTABLE:  Sixers center  Spencer Hawes  suffered a mid-back strain in the third quarter and was limited to 16 minutes. Collins said that the team chiropractor worked on Hawes and his status is unknown for Monday's game against Indiana. "We're hoping he'll be back," Collins said. ... The 62 points scored by the Raptors were the fewest in the history of the Wells Fargo Center, dating to 1996. On Nov. 7, 2007, the Sixers held Charlotte to 63 points. ... The Sixers' 5-2 is their best since going 10-0 in 2000-01, the year they advanced to the NBA Finals. Last season, the Sixers didn't earn their fifth win until the 18th game. NEXT:  For the Raptors, Monday vs. Minnesota, Tuesday @ Washington, Wednesday vs. Sacramento. For the Sixers, Monday vs. Indiana, Tuesday vs. Sacramento, Wednesday @ New York.  