  Knicks-Pistons notebook   By Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com Posted Sunday November 28, 2010 5:44PM THE FACTS:  Forward  Danilo Gallinari  opened the second overtime period with two 3-pointers as the New York Knicks outlasted the Detroit Pistons at The Palace on Sunday afternoon, 125-116. Knicks center  Amar'e Stoudemire  had 37 points, 15 rebounds and seven assists. QUOTABLE:  "I get in trouble if I do that, that's the problem. You do that and win 60 games, you get fired." --  Knicks coach  Mike D'Antoni  on playing his starters extended minutes.   D'Antoni was criticized in Phoenix for overplaying his regulars. THE STAT:  53:29. Knicks guard  Raymond Felton  played 53 minutes and 29 seconds despite battling the stomach flu and playing a back-to-back. New York was shorthanded at point guard with backup  Toney Douglas  injured but Felton persevered. He had 15 of his 23 points and five of his 11 assists during the fourth quarter and overtime sessions. TURNING POINT:  D'Antoni decided to go with a smaller lineup with center  Ronny   Turiaf  sidelined by a sore knee. He inserted  Wilson Chandler  at forward and moved Stoudemire to center. Chandler sparked a strong start with 13 first-quarter points. He added a clutch 3-pointer during the second overtime. QUOTABLE II:  "I didn't even feel it out there. I'm sure that I will feel it tomorrow, though." --  Knicks rookie guard  Landry Fields  on playing 51 minutes, the most by an NBA rookie since Chicago's  Derrick Rose  played 55 on March 9, 2009. HOT:  Felton continued his steady play as the Knicks' new floor leader. He is averaging 18.1 ppg, second only to Stoudemire, and a team-best 7.9 apg. NOT:  Pistons backup guard  Ben Gordon  made turnovers on back-to-back possessions in the first half and never got into the offensive flow, scoring just three points in 29 minutes. Gordon had four 20-point outings in Detroit's first six games but has not approached that figure since those early outbursts. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Fields has been a huge surprise for the Knicks as their starting shooting guard, particularly with his rebounding. He recorded his fifth double-double this season and is averaging 7.2 rpg, second on the club. ROOKIE WATCH:   Greg Monroe  has settled into a role as Detroit's backup center. He had six points, six rebounds and two steals, including a transition play where he blocked a  Shawne Williams  shot and knocked the ball out of bounds off Knicks rookie center  Timofey Mozgov . NOTABLE:  Pistons guard  Richard Hamilton  became the sixth player in franchise history to reach the 11,000-point mark. Hamilton passed that threshold with a 3-pointer during the first OT. He now has 11,002 points since joining Detroit in 2002. ... Detroit forward  Tracy McGrady  scored 13 first-half points against his former team but sat out the OT periods after tweaking his left knee while grabbing a rebound. ... New York attempted 38 3-pointers, a record by a Pistons opponent. ... Stoudemire's 54 minutes was a career high. UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Tuesday vs. New Jersey, Friday @ New Orleans, Sunday @ Toronto. For the Pistons, Tuesday @ Orlando, Wednesday @ Miami, Friday vs. Orlando.  