  Bobcats-Jazz Notebook   By Andrew Aragon, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday February 1, 2011 1:32AM THE FACTS: Al Jefferson  had his 19th double-double of the season with 21 points and 11 rebounds to lead the Utah Jazz to an 83-78 win over the Charlotte Bobcats on Monday night. Paul Millsap  (14 points, 12 rebounds) and  Andrei Kirilenko  (13 points, 11 rebounds) also had double-doubles.  C.J. Miles  came off the bench to score 20 points for the Jazz, who played their third straight game without starting point guard  Deron Williams . Stephen Jackson  had 24 points for the Bobcats, while  D.J. Augustin  had 20 points, eight rebounds and seven assists. QUOTABLE:  "It was much better than what we had. I mean, last night's game -- I hate to bring that up and I'm sure they hate to hear it as well -- but we just did some things that we can't even begin to have a chance to win if we're going to play like that. You have a chance when you're playing, you're executing."   -- Jazz coach  Jerry Sloan  on his team's improved effort on Monday compared to what it was in a 96-81 loss to Golden State on Sunday. THE STAT:  78. The Jazz played some of their best defense of the season against the Bobcats, holding them to 78 points. It was the fewest points Utah has allowed in a game all season. The Jazz held Charlotte to 35.6 percent shooting. TURNING POINT:  With Augustin on the bench, the Jazz opened the fourth quarter with a 10-0 run to take a 72-62 lead. Kirilenko sank a 3-pointer to start the spurt, and Miles converted a three-point play. Late in the game, with the Jazz holding onto a 79-78 lead, Kirilenko stole a pass and Millsap collected two offensive rebounds before making two free throws to make it 81-78.  Gerald Wallace  then missed wide open 3-pointer, and  Raja Bell  rebounded it and made two free throws. QUOTABLE II:  "That's what you have to do during an NBA season. You're going to miss guys and other guys have an opportunity to step up and help out. With a guy as good as Deron out we all have to kind of take a load on ourselves and I think we've done a good job of that."   -- Jazz guard Bell on Utah playing without Williams for the third straight game. The Jazz are 2-1 without Williams. HOT:  The Jazz opened both halves with hot hands. They shot 58.8 percent in the first quarter and 52.9 percent in the third. NOT:  The Bobcats missed their first seven shots and were outrebounded 7-1 in the game's first four minutes, allowing Utah to build an 11-0 lead. Charlotte was nearly as bad to open the third quarter, missing its first six shots during another 11-0 run by the Jazz. Jackson struggled from the field, shooting 7-for-20. For the Jazz,  Ronnie Price , playing 28 minutes because  Earl Watson  was in foul trouble, shot 1-for-9 and scored two points. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Augustin continues to emerge as a star fantasy player. In his last 19 games, Augustin has scored in double figures 18 times. In eight of the 19 games he's scored 20 or more points. INSIDE THE ARENA: Eduardo Najera  dove for a loose ball in the second quarter, landing on a spectator sitting courtside and spilled her beer on her. He motioned to a vendor that she needed a refill. ... BYU guard  Jimmer Fredette , the NCAA's leading scorer, was in attendance and received a loud ovation when he was introduced to the crowd. That is notable because anything BYU-related usually gets booed inside EnergySolutions Arena. BAD MOVE:  Charlotte coach  Paul Silas  had to rest Augustin at some point, but putting him on the bench to start the fourth quarter was disastrous for the Bobcats. Charlotte failed to score on its first five possessions with Augustin watching. ROOKIE WATCH:  Jazz rookie  Jeremy Evans  was thrust into the lineup much earlier than usual. He entered the game in the first quarter when Millsap dislocated his left pinky. Evans played a little less than five minutes and had a rebound, steal, turnover and foul. He did not return to the game. NOTABLE:  The Jazz have defeated the Bobcats five straight times. After winning four straight road games, Charlotte has now lost two in a row. UP NEXT:  For the Bobcats, Wednesday @ Detroit, Friday vs. Miami, Saturday vs. Dallas. For the Jazz, Wednesday vs. Houston, Friday @ Denver, Saturday vs. Oklahoma City.  