  Blazers-Grizzlies notebook   By Marlon W. Morgan, for NBA.com   Posted Monday December 13, 2010 11:50PM THE FACTS:  After scoring just 12 points in the third quarter, the Memphis Grizzlies got a strong defensive effort from its bench, holding Portland to nine points in the fourth period to beat the Trail Blazers, 86-73. The Grizzlies now have a season-high tying three-game winning streak. QUOTABLE:  "We're playing with intensity. We're starting to play like we did in the preseason, just scrapping. I think we're starting to get that back."    -- Grizzlies forward  Darrell Arthur THE STAT:  Grizzlies forward  Zach Randolph  is starting to return to his All-Star form from a year ago. Randolph scored 25 points and hauled in 20 rebounds, the fourth time he has topped 20 in both categories since joining the Grizzlies last season, which is a franchise record. He also recorded the ninth 20-20 game in franchise history. TURNING POINT:  In the fourth quarter, Grizzlies coach  Lionel Hollins  had a lineup of  Darrell Arthur, Randolph, Tony Allen, O.J. Mayo  and rookie  Greivis Vasquez.  That unit turned up the defensive intensity, while starting the quarter with an 8-0 run to regain the lead at 69-64. They were a major factor in holding the Blazers to nine points in the quarter. QUOTABLE II:  "We needed this game bad. These are teams we're going to have to get past to get to where we want to be. Whether it's Houston, whether it's Portland, whether it's Phoenix, we need to get those wins. That will kind of build up some momentum going into those bigger games like San Antonio and Dallas."    -- Grizzlies forward  Rudy Gay HOT:  After struggling mightily with his jumper, Mayo has started to find somewhat of a groove in his last two games. Mayo, now a reserve off the bench, scored 13 Saturday against the Los Angeles Clippers, hitting 5 of his 11 shots. Against Portland, Mayo was 5 of 10 for 14 points, which included a pair of 3's. NOT:  Portland looked like a team playing its second game of a back-to-back. The Blazers shot just 36.7 percent from the floor and made just 4 of their 18 3-point attempts (22.2 percent).  Brandon Roy  (3 of 16) and  Rudy Fernandez  (1 of 7) were particularly cold all night. Roy has scored in single digits five times this season, including three of the last four games. NOTABLE:  The FedExForum had been a home-away-from-home for Portland recently. The Blazers entered the game having won their last eight on the Grizzlies home court, including a 100-99 win on Nov. 16. The Grizzlies finally managed to snap their longest active home losing streak against an opponent. UP NEXT : For Portland, Wednesday at Dallas, Friday vs. Minnesota, Saturday vs. Golden State; For Memphis, Wednesday vs. Charlotte, Friday at Houston, Saturday @ San Antonio.  