Notebook: Pacers 102, Bucks 78 
 
 
 Conrad Brunner, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Mar 22, 2013 10:31 PM - Updated Fri Mar 22, 2013 10:31 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:   Whatever was ailing Indiana, it appears the cure has been administered. With six players scoring in double figures to complement a smothering defensive performance, the Pacers steamrolled the frustrated Milwaukee Bucks 102-78 Friday before a sellout crowd of 18,165 at Bankers Life Fieldhouse.  Tyler Hansbrough  had his third straight double-double and fourth in four starts this season with 22 points and 12 rebounds and  Paul George  scored 20 with eight rebounds and six assists for the Pacers (43-26), who won their third straight game by at least 20 points.  Monta Ellis  scored 22 for Milwaukee (34-34), which lost for the fifth time in seven games. The Bucks posted season lows in points and field goal percentage (.307), which also was a season low for a Pacers opponent. 
 
 QUOTABLE:   "I'm not sure. Maybe it's because he's playing with the starters. I'm just not totally sure. Whatever it is, I'm glad it's working out for Tyler and for us." 
  -- Indiana Coach  Frank Vogel  on Hansbrough's remarkable production as a starter.  
 
 
 THE STAT:   In the Pacers' three-game win streak, Hansbrough has averaged 18.0 points and 12.3 rebounds while shooting 18-for-40 (.450) from the field. In four starts this season, Hansbrough's averages are 18.3 points, 11.8 rebounds and .491 shooting and the Pacers are 4-0. 
 
 TURNING POINT:   Thanks in large part to  Larry Sanders ' lack of self-control, things unraveled quickly for the Bucks in the third period. Indiana's lead was just 53-47 when Sanders objected to a foul call by striking an intimidating pose directed at official  Zach Zarba , earning a first technical. Sanders continued to complain, earning a second T and ejection from official  Mike Callahan . The four free throws put the Pacers up by 10 and launched a 16-1 Indiana run that pushed the lead to 67-47. Milwaukee missed 16 shots in a row in a span of nearly nine minutes in the period. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:   "What really gave us the margin in the third (quarter) was that we really started playing defense and got out and starting running.  The momentum just went crazy out there." 
  -- George 
 
 
 HOT:  Hansbrough shot 8-for-14 and his backup,  Jeff Pendergraph , was 5-for-10, adding 10 points and seven rebounds off the bench. ...  D.J. Augustin  made all three of his shots, including a pair of 3-pointers, and scored 10 for Indiana.   
 
 NOT:    Brandon Jennings  was held to a season-low four points on 1-for-15 shooting. He missed his first 14 attempts, including seven from the 3-point line. ...  J.J. Reddick  shot 1-for-11 and missed both of his 3-point attempts. ...  Marquis Daniels  shot 2-for-11 and Sanders was 3-for-10 for the Bucks, who shot a paltry 11-for-46 (.239) in the second half. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "They came out with a purpose tonight especially in the second half and third quarter.  We had a hard time responding.  It was more of a playoff atmosphere.  Their defense was intense and we didn't react well, so that's a concern. It's NBA play.  It's a lot of teams . . . when they turn the intensity up, all teams get physical to some degree and you've got to be ready for that.  You've got to play through that and be able to execute your offense and establish yourself defensively.  We didn't do that in the third quarter and it was pretty evident." 
  -- Milwaukee coach  Jim Boylan 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  In addition to Sanders' ejection, the Bucks'  Mike Dunleavy  was tossed with 8:15 left in the game for picking up a Type 2 Flagrant Foul with a shot to the face of a driving  Gerald Green . ... Indiana's magic number for clinching the Central Division is down to eight. ... Milwaukee's magic number for clinching a playoff berth stayed at six. ...  Roy Hibbert  had seven blocked shots in 26 minutes for Indiana. ...  George Hill  had three steals to raise his total to a career-high 70. ... The Pacers were without  David West , who has missed three straight with a lower back sprain, and  Danny Granger , out the last nine with left knee tendinosis. Neither is expected to play Saturday in Chicago. ... Milwaukee's  Luc Mbah a Moute  missed his seventh straight game with a sprained toe, while  Ersan Ilyasova  sat a fourth in a row with left hip pain. Boylan said he was unsure when Mbah a Moute would return but hoped Ilyasova would be back for Sunday's home game against Atlanta. 
 
 UP NEXT:   For the Pacers, Saturday at Chicago, Monday vs. Atlanta, Wednesday at Houston. For the Bucks, Sunday vs. Atlanta, Wednesday at Philadelphia, Thursday vs. L.A. Lakers. 
