Notebook: Pacers 97, Celtics 82 
 
 
 Brian Robb, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Nov 22, 2013 11:05 PM - Updated Mon Nov 25, 2013 11:40 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Boston Celtics dropped their sixth consecutive game of the season, and have now lost five straight games by a double-digit margin.   
 
 THE LEAD: Lance Stephenson  posted his second triple-double of the month, as the Indiana Pacers recovered from a halftime deficit to cruise to a 97-82 win over the Boston Celtics at the TD Garden. Stephenson finished with 10 points, 11 rebounds and 10 assists, and  Paul George  added 22 of his game-high 27 points in the second half to spark the Pacers' comeback.  Jordan Crawford  had a team-high 24 points for Boston in the setback, as the hosts fumbled away a halftime lead thanks in large part to 16 second-half turnovers.    
 
 QUOTABLE : "I'm really proud of our guys' effort, particularly in the second half, how we buckled down on the defensive end. Happy we got out of here with a win." --  Pacers' head coach  Frank Vogel.   
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Celtics shot just one free throw over the first 31 minutes of the game, before earning their first shooting foul of the night at the 5:05 mark of the third quarter.   
 
 TURNING POINT:   After clawing back from a eight-point halftime deficit, the Pacers took the lead for good with a 12-2 run to close out the final five minutes of the third quarter, limiting the Celtics to a season-low eight points in the frame. Boston got no closer than seven points over the rest of the contest.    
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "You've got to take away the positive that we were able to play with those [elite] teams at least for periods of the game. Hopefully we can get to a point, like in Miami, we can finish a team off."  --  Brad Stevens  on Boston's second half struggles. 
 
 
 HOT:  Crawford -- The midseason addition to the Celtics' starting five started off the game a perfect 9-of-9 from the field, including a 3-point buzzer beater at the end of the first half. He scored 19 of his 24 points in the first half.     
 
 NOT: Roy Hibbert  -- Despite having a tremendous size advantage against the Celtics' front line, the big man struggled finishing around the rim. Hibbert missed 8 of his 11 shots, including several attempts from point blank range.   
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "He does a lot of things well. His ability to rebound the ball in his position, the way he sees the floor and can push the ball and get us some easy offense, there's no one on this team that can really do that the way he can at a the rate that he does it. That's a weapon that we have and obviously a weapon that we go to a lot." --  George on Stephenson .   
 
 
 F ANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Stephenson -- The fourth-year guard continues to be one of Indiana's most vital contributors in all facets of the game. Stephenson posted his second triple-double of his career and added a game-high four steals over a team-high 41 minutes.  
 
 ROOKIE WATCH: Kelly Olynyk  -- Boston's first round pick suffered a sprained right ankle in the second quarter. He did not return to action in the second half, finishing his night with two points and two rebounds over 12 minutes.  
 
 NOTABLE: Kris Humphries  started in place of Olynyk for Boston in the second half. He mustered just four points and two rebounds in 16 minutes. ...  Keith Bogans  (illness) did not dress for Boston. ...The Celtics scored a season-low eight points in the third quarter on 3-of-14 shooting. They also had 11 of their 23 turnovers in the frame. ...  Luis Scola  had 17 points off the bench for Indiana, as the Pacers outscored Boston's bench 29-17. ... Indiana led by as many as 20 points in the second half. ... Stevens told reporters before the game he had been a lifelong Pacers fan before taking the Celtics job this summer. ...The Pacers improved their record to an NBA best 11-1 mark. ... C.J. Watson  was not with the Pacers due to an under respiratory infection. ...Despite nearly sitting out the contest due to illness,  Jared Sullinger  had 13 points and five rebounds in 31 minutes.     
 
 UP NEXT : For the Celtics, Saturday @ Atlanta, Monday @ Charlotte, Wednesday vs. Memphis. For the Pacers, Saturday vs, Philadelphia,  Monday vs. Minnesota, Wednesday @ Charlotte.   
