
 Cavaliers-Raptors notebook   By Holly MacKenzie, for NBA.com Posted Friday October 29, 2010 10:46PM THE FACTS:  With  Andrea Bargnani  scoring 20 points and Linas Kleiza adding 19, the Toronto Raptors rolled to an easy 101-81 victory over the Cleveland Cavaliers on Friday evening at the Air Canada Centre. The Raptors had five players in double figures and held the Cavaliers to just 38 percent shooting for the game. QUOTABLE:  "No comment." -  Cavaliers head coach   Byron Scott  when asked his thoughts on the Raptors final possession of the game. THE STAT:  Up 18 points with 16 seconds remaining, the Raptors needed only a basket to reach 100 points and reward their fans with pizza. With the crowd urging them on, a  Marcus Banks  steal led to a lay up by  Leandro Barbosa , giving the home crowd their pizza and the Raptors a 20-point victory. Everybody's happy right? Wrong. As the Cavs walked off of the floor, they looked less than impressed that the Raptors went to the hoop to score on their final possession. TURNING POINT:  While the Raptors were able to maintain a lead throughout the first half, things fell apart for the Cavs in the third quarter. Shooting just 29 percent from the floor to Toronto's 52 percent, Cleveland was outscored 31-17 in the quarter as the Raptors took a 77-55 advantage into the fourth. QUOTABLE II:  "It was all just for the love of the game. Fans go home with free food. They deserve it. Today's Friday. Kids go home, eat some pizza, they don't have to go to school in the morning. Get up and watch cartoons. It's better to do something like that for the fans than do all kinds of dance moves you just learned from Ciara or Destiny's Child. You know, uh B2K, Justin Bieber, all these dances you can do." -  Reggie Evans  on the Raptors final possession and why the Cavaliers shouldn't be angry. HOT:   Linas Kleiza  finished with 19 points on the night, shining in the third quarter when the Raptors blew the game open. Shooting 7-for-15, Kleiza scored 13 of his points in that quarter and looks to be getting more and more comfortable within the Raptors offense. NOT:   Ramon Sessions  had a nightmare game against the Raptors shooting just 1-for-10 from the floor the starting point guard also turned the ball over five times in his 24 minutes of action. NOTABLE:  After grabbing 16 rebounds without scoring a point in the Raptors' loss to the Knicks on Wednesday night, Evans hauled down 14 rebounds, five of them offensive against the Cavaliers. This time he also added two points to his rebounds. UP NEXT:  For the Cavaliers, Saturday vs. Sacramento, Tuesday vs Atlanta, Friday @ Philadelphia. For the Raptors, Monday @ Sacramento, Wednesday @ Utah, Friday @ Lakers. 
