
 Kings-Warriors notebook   By Geoff Lepper, for NBA.com Posted Saturday January 22, 2011 2:36AM THE FACTS: Monta Ellis  scored 28 points, including a jumper to force overtime with 0.9 seconds remaining, and the Golden State Warriors rode their resurgent defense to a 119-112 victory Friday.  Stephen Curry  had a team-high 34 points -- 28 of them after halftime -- to help the Warriors build their first four-game winning streak since March 2008, but it was marred when Ellis had to be helped off the floor with 22.9 seconds remaining after his left ankle was rolled up from behind by Kings forward  Donte Greene , who was making a wild dive for the ball.  Tyreke Evans  tallied a career-high 35 points, but had five turnovers in the fourth quarter and overtime, helping to cripple Sacramento's chances. QUOTABLE:  "Hopefully it's not serious and we get him back. It may not be tomorrow night, but we'll see."    -- Warriors coach  Keith Smart  on Ellis, who is listed with a sprained left ankle. His status for Saturday's game against the Clippers is to be determined. THE STAT:  22.2. The Warriors came into the game as the league's best 3-point shooting team, at 40.5 percent on the season, but they hit only 4 of 18 such shots Friday, good for a 22.2 percentage. All those misses dug the Warriors a big hole -- they trailed by nine points with three minutes left in regulation -- but Golden State made a pair of huge 3s down the stretch, including one by Ellis at the 23.7-second mark that cut Sacramento's lead to one point. TURNING POINT:  As soon as the Warriors forced overtime, the game was practically over. The young Kings, who have repeatedly kicked away fourth-quarter leads of late, floundered badly in OT, allowing the Warriors to score 10 consecutive points before finally getting on the board in the final minute. By then, it was too late. GOOD MOVE:  With the Warriors trailing by two and 15.3 seconds remaining in regulation, Smart showed tremendous faith in Ellis, putting the ball in his hands at the top of the key and allowing him to run the clock down, despite the deficit. Ellis rewarded his trust by pulling a carbon-copy of his game-winning shot from Wednesday against Indiana, when he left  Danny Granger  grasping at air before hitting from the left elbow with 0.6 seconds left. As before, the Warriors' All-Star candidate waited until roughly 5 seconds remained, feinted to his right, then crossed over to his left, losing the defender -- this time, Tyreke Evans -- and clearing the way for a 16-foot pull-up jumper at the 0.9-second mark. QUOTABLE II:  "He asked me, 'Do you want me to go quck?' And I said, 'Go when you need to.' He made the right play. ... I've got more confidence in his jumper at the elbow, in his sweet spot, than the ball hitting the rim and then someone has to go get the rebound."    -- Smart, on why he let Ellis make it a one-shot game instead of going early and leaving open the option of rebounding a potential miss HOT:  Curry started off 2-for-7 before intermission and drawing the ire of a clearly livid Smart after making a lazy non-play on a poor inbounds pass, allowing  Beno Udrih  to sneak in for an uncontested jumper that gave Sacramento an early 12-4 lead. In the second half and overtime, however, Curry came alive, going 10-for-14 and shouldering the load on a night where Ellis was not his usual hyper-efficient self. NOT:  The Kings had plenty of chances to finish the game off, but once again their free-throw shooting -- 28th in the league -- let them down at critical junctures.  DeMarcus Cousins ,  Jason Thompson  and  Pooh Jeter  all split a pair of foul shots in the final 40 seconds. If the Kings had made one of those three misses, the Warriors' comeback would have been infinitely more difficult. If they had made two or three, Sacramento undoubtedly would have won. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  With small forward  Francisco Garcia  ruled out for multiple weeks, Kings coach  Paul Westphal  made a change to his starting lineup.  Donte Greene , who had started two games in place of Garcia when it was hoped the injury would be short-term in nature, was replaced by  Omri Casspi . Westphal had concerns about Casspi's shooting -- 39.7 percent from the field coming into Friday -- and they were borne out Friday. Casspi hit his first two shots from the floor, but went 4-for-13 the rest of the way, finishing with 14 points and nine rebounds. ROOKIE WATCH: DeMarcus Cousins  rebounded from a poor performance with one of his better games, scoring 21 points, grabbing eight rebounds and slicing the Warriors' defense with five assists. NOTABLE:  The Warriors are now 2-0 in overtime this season. Both those wins have come at the Kings' expense. Sacramento is 0-4 in OT. ... With 22 points and 10 rebounds Friday,  David Lee  is averaging 21.5 points, 9.5 boards and 4.0 assists in his last four games. ...  Andris Biedrins  fouled out for the fourth time in six games. UP NEXT:  For the Kings, Monday @ Portland, Tuesday vs. Charlotte, Friday @ L.A. Lakers. For the Warriors, Saturday @ L.A. Clippers, Monday vs. San Antonio, Wednesday vs. New Orleans. 
