  Notebook: Clippers 95, Timberwolves 82 Posted Thursday April 12, 2012 11:57PM By Phil Miller, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Without  Ricky Rubio , without  Luke Ridnour , and now without  Kevin Love , the Minnesota Timberwolves had little chance Thursday of completing a season sweep of the Los Angeles Clippers, who used defense to pull away for a 95-82 victory in Target Center and tighten their grip on homecourt advantage in the postseason. Blake Griffin  scored 19 points,  Caron Butler  added 17 and  Mo Williams  returned from injury with 14 points as the Clippers followed Wednesday's thrilling victory in Oklahoma City with a much easier victory in Minneapolis. The Wolves had won the first three meetings this season, and were hoping to complete their first four-game sweep since 2004, but those chances became remote once Kevin Love remained behind in Denver on Wednesday after being diagnosed with a mild concussion. Without three starters, including the NBA's fourth-leading scorer (26.0 points per game) and second-leading rebounder (13.3), the Wolves got 17 points from  Nikola Pekovic , 16 from  Anthony Randolph  -- the first time he's reached double digits in back-to-back games this season -- and 14 from  Michael Beasley . But after remaining competitive for a half, Minnesota crumpled under L.A.'s defense in the second half, making only 27 percent of its shots and scoring just 14 points in the fourth quarter. The victory, the Clippers' 10th in the past 12 games, increased their lead to 1 1/2 games over Memphis, which lost at San Antonio, in the race for fourth place and homecourt advantage in the first round of the playoffs. It also pulled Los Angeles within one game of its neighbors, the Lakers, for third place. Minnesota was officially knocked out of the playoff race with the loss. QUOTABLE:  "I have no idea what happened there. I got stuck in the wrong place at the wrong time, I guess. But we've been talking about tightening up our defense."    -- Clippers forward Blake Griffin, joking about drawing offensive fouls on Minnesota rookie  Derrick Williams  twice within a 65-second span in the fourth quarter. THE STAT:  8 -- Stitches required to close a cut on Minnesota guard  J.J. Barea 's lip, symbolic of the physical defense that the Clippers used on the Kevin Love-less Wolves offense. TURNING POINT : Despite missing starters Kevin Love, Ricky Rubio and Luke Ridnour, the Wolves held an improbable three-point lead with three minutes remaining in the first half when guard J.J. Barea was struck in the face by  Chris Paul 's elbow, drawing blood and sending him to the locker room for stitches. He returned for the second half, but the Wolves' offensive momentum had been lost. Minnesota made 52.5 percent of its field-goal tries in the first half, and 27.0 percent in the second half. QUOTABLE II:  "It can't get any worse, man. Can't get any worse."    -- Wolves guard J.J. Barea, after Minnesota lost its seventh consecutive game HOT:   Kenyon Martin  is providing valuable defense around the basket, but his shot has come around lately, too. Martin made all four shots he took on Thursday, giving him a 60.7 percent success rate (17-for-28) over the past five games. NOT:  The Timberwolves' playoff history. By losing their seventh straight game -- and 24th in a row in April -- the Wolves were mathematically eliminated from the Western Conference playoff race, the eighth consecutive year they have failed to reach the postseason. That's the longest current streak in the NBA. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Mo Williams had not played in three weeks, missing 11 games with a sprained big toe. But the backup point guard chipped in 14 points on 6-for-11 shooting and five assists in his first game back for the Clippers, and coach  Vinny Del Negro , citing the way Williams changes the tempo of the game, said he expects to lean on Williams for important minutes down the stretch. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Wolves guard Ricky Rubio returned to Target Center for the first time since tearing a ligament in his knee and undergoing surgery to repair it. Minnesota is now 4-15 without the rookie guard. GOOD MOVE:  Minnesota trailed by as many as 13 points in the third quarter, but by the end of the period, the Clippers' lead was just five. In the L.A. huddle, coach Vinny Del Negro inserted Blake Griffin back into the lineup and emphasized to his team that if the Clippers were going to win, it was going to be because of their defense. His players took that message to heart, because after scoring on a putback on their first possession of the third quarter, the Wolves managed only one basket in the next seven minutes, going 1-for-8 from the field with four turnovers -- two of them on charges drawn by Griffin -- as L.A. went on a 17-4 run and widened its lead to 17 points. BAD MOVE:  As the game turned physical, both teams complained to the officials, with Minnesota guard J.J. Barea at one point breaking off a play he was running in order to dribble over to  James Capers  to complain, as the clock ran. The result? Barea was called for an offensive foul on the Wolves' next possession, and coach  Rick Adelman  was given a technical foul when he protested the play. ROOKIE WATCH:  One night after equaling his career-high with 27 points in Denver, Wolves rookie Derrick Williams suffered the typical wild swing of a rookie, this time by being humbled by the defense of Blake Griffin,  DeAndre Jordan  and the Clippers. Williams, stepping into the starting lineup with Kevin Love out, made 1-for-7 shots from the field, didn't collect an offensive rebound, and committed four turnovers, including back-to-back offensive fouls in the fourth quarter. NOTABLE:  Love was released from a Denver hospital on Thursday and flew back to Minnesota. The All-Star forward, who suffered a mild concussion when he was inadvertently struck by Nuggets' forward  JaVale McGee 's elbow, will be evaluated further over the next few days, though the chances of him playing again, with six games remaining in the season, appear doubtful. ... Point guard Luke Ridnour had hoped to return to the lineup after missing five games with a sprained right ankle, but after testing it Thursday, the team decided to hold him out again. Shooting guard  Wayne Ellington  also missed his second straight game with back spasms. ... With Mo Williams' return to action, Clippers guard  Chris Paul  played only 28:48, his fewest minutes since Feb. 4. ... The Clippers are now 15-14 on the road this season. They have not finished above .500 on road since moving to Los Angeles in 1984. ... The Timberwolves have lost 24 consecutive games in April, including seven in a row this year, a streak of futility that dates back to a 105-97 victory over Golden State on April 8, 2009. ... J.J. Barea had 10 points and 10 assists in the first half, only the fourth player in Wolves history to record such a double-double by halftime. Barea has made 12 of his last 23 3-point shots. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Saturday vs. Golden State, Monday vs. Oklahoma City, Wednesday @ Denver. For the Timberwolves, Saturday vs. Oklahoma City, Monday @ Indiana, Tuesday vs. Memphis.  