
 Raptors-Trail Blazers notebook   By Steve Brandon, for NBA.com Posted Sunday November 7, 2010 1:22AM THE FACTS:  Both teams had trouble finding a flow or a spark, but the Portland Trail Blazers beat the cold-shooting (1-for-17 from three-point range) Toronto Raptors for the fifth consecutive time, 97-84, Saturday night at the Rose Garden. Portland is 5-2, Toronto 1-5. QUOTABLE:  "I just tried to get a lot of rest. Be in a dark room with an ice pack on my head. I didn't want to leave 'LA' ( LaMarcus Aldridge ) on the court by himself tonight, so I gave the team what I had."    -- Blazers center  Marcus Camby , who spent the day at home nursing a migraine before returning to the arena and playing 30 minutes. THE STAT:  In spite of all their injuries up front ( Greg Oden, Joel Przybilla , etc.) and their limited height, the Blazers grabbed 10 offensive rebounds in the first half to help them lead 45-34. Overall, it wasn't a great night on the boards for the Blazers, but that early dedication to rebounding was all they needed against lethargic-looking Toronto. TURNING POINT:  The Blazers put together a spurt late in the first half and dominated the third quarter. In a span of 9:38 that began with about two minutes left in the second quarter, Portland outscored Toronto 32-12. The game was one-sided enough for Blazers guard  Patty Mills  to see his first action of the season. QUOTABLE II:  "I think I've got to be aggressive from the start. The first three games I was, and then I took a back seat."   -- Blazers guard  Brandon Roy HOT:  Camby seems good for at least close to a double-double and 30 minutes every game. The team was concerned that he might not be able to play Saturday because of migraines that forced him to leave the shootaround, but he gave the club a game-high 16 rebounds and eight points, going 3-for-5 from the field. NOT:  Portland guard  Rudy Fernandez  sat out for the second straight game with back spasms. After a strong preseason, he has shot just 30 percent from the field and averaged 5.4 points in 18.4 regular-season minutes per game. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  All-Star Roy had one of his best games of the season, collecting 26 points on 9-for-19 field-goal shooting and 8-for-8 foul shooting. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Plans are being finalized for Monday's noon memorial service for former Blazers star  Maurice Lucas , who died last week at age 58. The service is free to the public and will take place at the team's former home, Memorial Coliseum. GOOD MOVE:  Blazers forward Aldridge unveiled -- and hit -- the left-handed jump hook he worked on over the summer. Opposing scouts have noted that Aldridge likes to go to his right when in the low post, so the new move helps him get an uncontested look at the basket. BAD MOVE:  For whatever reason, the Raptors either wouldn't or couldn't run on the Blazers, who were hoping to conserve their energy for Sunday night's road game against the Los Angeles Lakers. ROOKIE WATCH:  Forward Luke Babbitt, chosen in part for his shooting ability and range, made his first NBA 3-pointer -- off a feed from fellow rookie  Armon Johnson , who has emerged already as the Blazers' backup point guard. NOTABLE:  Blazers point guard  Andre Miller  has led or shared the team lead in assists in every game this season, and he had a game-high 13 assists Saturday. ... Toronto's starters shot .298 from the field. UP NEXT:  For the Blazers, Sunday @ Lakers, Tuesday vs. Detroit, Friday @ Oklahoma City. For the Raptors, Monday vs. Golden State, Wednesday vs. Charlotte, Friday @ Orlando. 
