  Mavs-Pacers notebook   By John Oehser, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday January 12, 2011 10:50PM THE FACTS:   Brandon Rush  scored a game-high 20 points and rookie  Paul George  added a career-high 16 as the Indiana Pacers controlled the second half in a 100-89 victory over the Dallas Mavericks in Indianapolis Wednesday. Rush scored 13 of his points in a second half largely controlled by Indiana, which pulled away from a tie game in the final two quarters after rallying from a seven-point first-half deficit. Point guard  Darren Collison  and  Danny Granger  each had 17 points for Indiana, which won its second consecutive game after winning in Philadelphia Tuesday. Jason Terry  had 18 points off the bench to lead Dallas, which played an eighth consecutive game without  Dirk Nowitzki , who is out with a sprained right knee.  Caron Butler  also is out for the season for the Mavericks, who are 2-6 in Nowitski's absence. Indiana had lost five consecutive games to Dallas. QUOTABLE:  "We can't worry about who the other team puts on the court. It's as meaningless as when you have injuries. It's tough to have a team playing at such a high level and lose Nowitzki and Caron Butler -- it's a blow to their team. But you have to take advantages of any weaknesses they have. It's tough for them, and I mean that sincerely, but the teams that play them have to beat them."    -- Pacers coach  Jim O'Brien THE STAT:  The Pacers committed just two turnovers in the second half and five in the game. As O'Brien sees it, that's at least partially the result of the Pacers having shifted to a smaller lineup. As the Pacers have spread the court more, Pacers point guards have had wider lanes in which to work and therefore committed fewer turnovers. The Pacers on Wednesday also converted 20 of 22 free-throw attempts. TURNING POINT:  Once the Pacers erased a seven-point first-half deficit, the teams stayed close until the third quarter. That was when the Pacers steadily built a solid lead that turned a 52-52 tie into a 77-69 advantage entering the third period. Forward  Tyler Hansbrough  scored six points in the period after not scoring in the first half. QUOTABLE II:  "We couldn't make shots when we needed it, and on the other side, we couldn't get stops when we needed it. The Pacers made shots. They moved the ball and they got but scores when they needed them, especially in the fourth quarter."   -- Mavericks point guard  Jason Kidd HOT:  When the Pacers have played well this season, it often has been in games in which their point-guard combination has been productive. Such was the case Wednesday, with Collison scoring 17 points and backup  T.J. Ford  scoring eight on 4 of 7 shooting. Collison had three steals and Ford had one. NOT:  Pacers forward  Mike Dunleavy  shot 1 of 6 from the field and 0-for-4 from 3-point range, but registered a season-high 11 rebounds. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Just as the Pacers have depended on production from the point guard spot, they have needed strong scoring from Rush. They got it on Wednesday, as he not only scored 20 points, but got several key field goals in the second half to keep the Mavericks from ever putting together a game-turning run. GOOD MOVE:  The Pacers went to a small lineup five games ago, and seem to have committed to it. That has meant less time for center  Roy Hibbert , but more time for Hansbrough, who has played solidly in four games as a starter. The lineup has created open looks for the Pacers, and on Wednesday, they shot 8 of 24 from 3-point range and 37 of 83 from the field (44.6 percent) with just seven turnovers. ROOKIE WATCH:  George played sparingly for the Pacers through the first two months of the season, but in recent games, he has shown signs of being a consistent contributor. On Wednesday, he hit 3-pointers on back-to-back possessions early in the fourth quarter to push the Pacers' lead from six to 12 and help Indiana maintain momentum. The Mavericks never got closer than seven points again and George finished with four 3-pointers and four rebounds. NOTABLE:  Kidd moved past former Mavericks and Sonics guard  Dale Ellis  into third place on the NBA's all-time career 3-point field goal list. He had four 3-pointers Wednesday, and now has 1,722 in his career. . . . The Pacers are 10-2 this season when scoring 100 or more points. . . . Indiana is 6-13 this season against teams above .500. UP NEXT:  For the Mavericks, Friday @ San Antonio, Saturday @ Memphis, Monday @ Detroit. For the Pacers, Friday vs. Chicago, Monday @ Los Angeles Clippers, Wednesday @ Golden State.  