Notebook: Cavaliers 87, Magic 81 (OT) 
 
 
 Brian Dulik, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Thu Jan 02, 2014 11:34 PM - Updated Thu Jan 02, 2014 11:35 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Cavaliers rallied from a 10-point deficit with 81 seconds left in regulation to beat the Magic in overtime. 
 
 THE LEAD:  Center  Anderson Varejao  scored 18 points and grabbed a franchise-record tying 25 rebounds as the Cleveland Cavaliers stunned the Orlando Magic 87-81 in overtime. Power forward  Tristan Thompson  added 16 points and 10 boards for the Cavaliers, who snapped their season-long losing streak at six games. Magic power forward  Glen Davis  collected 16 points and 13 rebounds, while point guard  Jameer Nelson  had 14 points and a game-high nine assists. Cleveland played without All-Star point guard  Kyrie Irving  (left knee contusion), while Orlando did not have the services of starting center  Nikola Vucevic  (left ankle sprain). 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "A lot of people left -- they thought the game was over -- but we appreciate all the true Cleveland Cavaliers fans that stayed until the end. It turned out to be a crazy, ugly (expletive) win, but we'll take it." 
 -- Cavaliers point guard  Jarrett Jack 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Varejao tied the Cavaliers' record of 25 rebounds set by center  Rick Roberson  on March 4, 1972 at Houston. The mop-topped Brazilian also broke the Quicken Loans Arena mark of 23 boards that he shared with Nets center  Kris Humphries . "Varejao was a problem for us all night," Magic coach  Jacque Vaughn  said. "He's relentless. Give him credit for going hard the whole way." Varejao's 17 defensive rebounds and 25 total caroms were the most in his 10-year NBA career. He had 19 rebounds after halftime, including 10 in the fourth quarter. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Magic took its largest lead of the game at 78-68 on two Davis free throws with 1:34 left in the fourth quarter, but was outscored 19-3 the rest of the way. The Cavaliers forced OT at 79-79 when shooting guard  Dion Waiters  converted a driving layup with 0.6 seconds remaining in regulation. Also late in the fourth, Orlando shooting guard  E'Twaun Moore  missed two free throws and Magic small forward Tobias Harris was called for a five-second inbounds violation. Host Cleveland never trailed in the five-minute extra period. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I still don't know how we won this game. It was crazy, but I'll take it. I thought it was going to be tough for us to win when we got down (10), but I knew we had to keep competing. It was crazy what happened." 
 -- Cavaliers center  Anderson Varejao 
 
 
 HOT:  Varejao scored the final six points in overtime -- on back-to-back jump shots and two free throws -- to break an 81-81 tie. ... Jack dished out a season-high seven assists in his first start with the Cavaliers. ... Cleveland rookie point guard  Matthew Dellavedova  drew a charge on Davis with 49 seconds left in OT. ... The Cavaliers played their third consecutive home OT game and are 4-2 on the season in extra time. ... Magic power forward  Andrew Nicholson  had 12 points and six rebounds in 20 minutes off the bench. ... Nelson shot 4-for-8 beyond the arc. 
 
 NOT:  Magic shooting guard  Arron Afflalo  went 5-for-15 from the field and dribbled the ball off his right thigh for a turnover with 28 ticks remaining in OT. ... Orlando rookie small forward  Victor Oladipo  -- the No. 2 overall pick in the NBA Draft -- shot 3-for-9 and made three turnovers in 26 minutes off the bench. ... Nelson missed a 3-pointer from the left corner at the regulation buzzer. ... The Magic has lost five straight games against the Cavaliers. ... Cleveland small forward  Earl Clark  was 2-for-10 shooting, including 0-for-5 on 3-pointers. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "I usually make the right decision on inbounds plays, but obviously didn't here. We blew it, bottom line. It was a tough, tough loss. The whole game, we thought it was ours. These are the ones we need to win." 
 -- Magic small forward  Tobias Harris 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Irving missed his first game of the season, but braved the afternoon snowstorm to work out at the arena and attend the game. The third-year pro said he felt "a pop" in his left knee Tuesday during Cleveland's loss at Indiana, but a subsequent MRI revealed no structural damage. "It's tough because you obviously want to have him on the floor," Cavaliers coach  Mike Brown  said. "But I think Kyrie understands what he has to do, thinking long term instead of the short term." Irving is listed as day-to-day. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Brown gave Cavaliers rookie power forward  Anthony Bennett  -- the No. 1 overall pick in the NBA Draft -- 11 minutes off the bench. The Nevada-Las Vegas product missed all four of his shots, including a 3-pointer off the side of the backboard, and committed three fouls and two turnovers. Bennett's low light was losing the ball twice during a three-second span while attempting to drive to the hoop on a fast break. On the season, Bennett has a .275 field goal percentage and is 4-for-27 on 3-pointers. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Vucevic is listed as day-to-day after tweaking his left ankle Tuesday against Golden State. He missed four games earlier this season with the same injury. "The good news is he's on the trip with us and he was out there working on the court tonight," Vaughn said. ... Orlando's inactives were Vucevic and small forward  Hedo Turkoglu  (not with team). ... Cleveland's inactives were Irving and center  Andrew Bynum , who was indefinitely excused from all team activities six days ago. ... Magic radio analyst  Richie Adubato  called his first road game since undergoing hip replacement surgery. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Magic, Saturday vs. Miami, Monday @ L.A. Clippers, Wednesday @ Portland. For the Cavaliers, Friday @ Brooklyn, Sunday vs. Indiana, Tuesday vs. Philadelphia. 
