  Notebook: Celtics 87, Bucks 74 Posted Friday April 27, 2012 12:00AM By Brian Robb, for NBA.com THE FACTS: Avery Bradley  had 14 points and  Rajon Rondo  tallied 15 assists helping the Boston Celtics cruise to a 87-74 win over the Milwaukee Bucks in the regular season finale for both squads.  Kevin Garnett  and  Mickael Pietrus  also returned to action with Rondo, as the Celtics used a 39-point second quarter to build a double-digit lead against the shorthanded Bucks, and the hosts never looked back.  Doc Rivers  turned things over to his bench for the majority of the second half, as 12 of Boston's 13 players scored at least four points.  Tobias Harris  had a game-high 16 points for the Bucks who only had nine healthy players for the contest. Milwaukee finished the season by dropping seven of their final ten games. QUOTABLE:  "It's probably something I'll look back on and appreciate, but right now I'm trying to focus on the wins and get through the playoffs and try to win a championship."  --  Rondo on winning the NBA assist title THE STAT:  The Celtics shot 60 percent (15-of-25) during their 39-point second quarter, and just 32 percent (20-of-62) over the other three quarters combined. TURNING POINT:  Late season addition  Ryan Hollins  had seven points over a three-minute stretch, which sparked a 14-2 run by the Boston bench, enabling the Celts' to build a double-digit lead, a lead they did not relinquish for the final 35 minutes of the game. QUOTABLE II:  "They handled us pretty good obviously. They played tight defense that we have played in the past. We haven't played it this year. They took us out of what we wanted to run. That's championship-type defense."  - - Milwaukee coach  Scott Skiles HOT: Paul Pierce  -- Despite aggravating his sprained left toe in the first quarter, Boston's captain was able to return and post an incredibly efficient first half, scoring 12 points in just six minutes of action, before resting the toe for the remainder of the evening. NOT: Shaun Livingston  -- With  Monta Ellis  sidelined, Livingston has struggled since being inserted into the starting lineup over the Bucks' final three games. He missed five of his six shots against the Celts' Wednesday and has shot just 20 percent from the field over his final three starts, averaging a mere two points a contest. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Rondo -- The All-Star looked sharp in his return to the floor after a three-game hiatus due to a back injury. Boston's floor general tallied 12 of his 15 assists in the first half to extend his streak of games with double-digit assists to 24. It's the longest double-digit assist streak for a NBA player since  John Stockton  in 1992. ROOKIE WATCH:  Harris -- The former Tennessee star finished the season on a high note for Milwaukee, posting team-highs in both points (16) and rebounds (9) over 35 minutes of action. NOTABLE:  Despite earning the fourth seed in the Eastern Conference, Boston will open their first round matchup with Atlanta on the road, as the Hawks finished one game ahead of the Celtics in the standings after beating the Mavericks at Phillips Arena.  Ray Allen  (ankle) sat out his ninth consecutive game. Rivers called him "probable" for Game 1 of the Atlanta series before the game, but he could be limited by the right ankle soreness in the postseason, which has bothered him for months.  Greg Stiemsma  (foot) also sat out to rest his plantar fasciitis, but he will be ready to go for Game 1 against the Hawks. Hollins tied his career high with four blocks, and added nine points. Four regular members of Milwaukee's starting lineup did not suit up due to injury. Boston closed the season on a two-game winning streak and went 24-10 after the All-Star Break, the best mark in the league. UP NEXT:  For the Celtics, Sunday @ Atlanta, Tuesday @ Atlanta, Friday vs. Atlanta.  