  Hornets-Blazers notebook   By Wendell Maxey, for NBA.com Posted Saturday November 27, 2010 1:33AM THE FACTS:  The New Orleans Hornets finished strong on their road trip and mounted a 19-point lead thanks to five different players scoring in double figures to beat the Blazers 97-78 in  Monty Williams ' first trip back to Portland. QUOTABLE:  "This win doesn't say a lot about me as a coach. It's all about our guys. They decided yesterday in practice that we need to be a defensive team and we showed signs tonight."   -- Hornets coach Monty Williams THE STAT:  New Orleans grabbed 48 total rebounds (37 defenseive, 11 offensive; Portland had 21 defensive, six offensive) and outscored Portland on second-chance points (15-2) to move to 12-3 on the season. TURNING POINT:  The Blazers trailed the Hornets 75-65 at the end of the third quarter, until  Chris Paul  and  David West  tag-teamed Portland in the fourth quarter and scored six points each and got after loose balls and rebounds as New Orleans held the Blazers to a season-low 13 points to close out the game. QUOTABLE II:  "I felt like I had a pretty good rhythm -- legs got kinda heavy there at times, but for the most part I felt like I was able to get some good looks and I made some shots. But it's a difficult game. To come back and you get beat like this at home -- it's frustrating."   -- Blazers'  Brandon Roy  on finishing with 27 points in his first game back after missing previous three games HOT:  Paul showed why he's one of the marquee point guards in the NBA by going for 16 points, six rebounds and dishing out a season-high 13 assists. NOT:   Marcus Camby  tied his season low with five rebounds. He had reached double figures in rebounds 10 times this season, and it only added to Portland's painful rebounding woes on the night. The Blazers top rebounder:  LaMarcus Aldridge  with nine rebounds. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  While Paul held it down at the point, veteran point guard  Willie Green  kept pace in his place and led New Orleans in scoring with 19 points off the bench by shooting 7-for-11. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Duke head coach  Mike Krzyzewski  and his coaching staff were in attendance, with the Blue Devils in town to take on the Oregon Ducks on Saturday afternoon at the Rose Garden. GOOD MOVE:  Without  Joel Pryzbilla  available at center for Portland, coach  Nate McMillan  went with the journeyman  Sean Marks  to back up Camby in the middle. Marks provided solid relief in limited time with six points, two rebounds and a block in 10 minutes -- a season-high and his best outing since signing with the Blazers on Nov 6. Marks rolled his ankle towards the end of the third quarter and did not return to the game. BAD MOVE:  Portland not getting a hand in the face of those pesky Hornets shooters -- New Orleans shot 51.5 percent from the field, while also shooting 57.1 percent from beyond the arc (8-for-14). NOTABLE:  After sitting out the last three games with a sore knee, Roy started the game with eight points, three assists and was 2-for-2 on 3-pointers in roughly eight minutes. UP NEXT:  The Hornets head home to play the San Antonio Spurs on Sunday, while Portland faces the New Jersey Nets to kick-off a long four-game East Coast road trip on Sunday. The Blazers are 4-1 against Eastern Conference teams this season.  