  Notebook: Jazz 123, Mavericks 121 Posted Tuesday April 17, 2012 1:46AM By Andrew Aragon, for NBA.com THE FACTS: Al Jefferson  still envisions the Utah Jazz as a playoff team, so he went out and had a 20/20 night. Jefferson had 28 points and 26 rebounds to lead the Jazz to a riveting 123-121 win over the Dallas Mavericks in triple overtime Monday night.  Gordon Hayward  had 24 points and  Devin Harris  had 23 as the Jazz closed in on a postseason berth. They're now only a half game behind Phoenix and Houston for the final Western Conference playoff spot. Utah blew a 10-point lead in the fourth quarter and had chances to win in the first and second overtime periods, but couldn't put the reigning champions away. The Jazz needed a put-back dunk from  Paul Millsap  with 2.2 seconds left in regulation to tie the game at 89-89 just to send it into overtime. Dirk Nowitzki  rebounded from a subpar shooting effort Sunday to score 40 points. He had nine rebounds and six assists for the Mavericks, who were playing their fourth road game in five days.  Jason Terry  chipped in 27 points for Dallas. THE STAT:  The last Jazz player to have a 25-point, 25-rebound game?  Karl Malone ? Nope.  Carlos Boozer ? Wrong again.  Rich Kelley , who played for the Jazz back in their New Orleans days, had 27 points and 25 rebounds against the L.A. Lakers in a 121-109 loss on Nov. 17, 1978.   QUOTABLE:  "It's now or never. We started tonight. We just got to see where our heart is at and I know everybody in the locker room wants to make the playoffs. So we are going to fight and we are going to fight 'til the end. That's all we can do."  --  Jazz center Jefferson on his team needing to win to stay in the playoff race. THE STAT II:  Nothing stood out quite like Jefferson's stat line. His 26 rebounds tied a career-high and was the most for a Jazz player since Millsap had 24 in a game in April of 2010. Jefferson nearly had a double-double by halftime with eight points and 10 rebounds. He played the most of any player in Monday's game, going 54:02 and he didn't wear down. He had four points apiece in the second and third overtime periods. TURNING POINT:  The Jazz blew chances to win in the fourth quarter and each of the first two overtime periods before finally putting the Mavericks away. A 3-pointer by Harris and a jumper by Jefferson made it 120-115 with 1:08 left in the game. Millsap made a free throw and Harris sank two foul shots to make it 123-118 to finally pull it out for Utah.  Delonte West  hit a meaningless 3-pointer with 0.1 seconds left for Dallas. HOT:  Utah's  DeMarre Carroll , making his fifth NBA start, caught fire in the third quarter. He scored 11 of his 15 points on 4-for-4 shooting and had three of his six assists in the third period. And that came after he had a root canal earlier in the day. Nowitzki, who shot 9-for-28 in an overtime loss against the Lakers on Sunday, was 13-for-26 from the field. He seemingly got whatever shot he wanted against the Jazz, and scored 40 points against them for the second time this season. NOT: Vince Carter  hit a couple 3-pointers in the fourth quarter that almost won the game for Dallas. But take those two bombs away and Carter shot 3-for-13, and he didn't score in any of the overtime periods. Rookie  Alec Burks  only played 12 minutes and shot 0-for-6 during that time. The Jazz blew a 10-point lead by shooting 29.4 percent in the fourth quarter, making just five shots. GOOD MOVE:  It was evident from the start that Nowitzki was getting the world champion treatment and he knew it. He was aggressive offensively, drew fouls and made his free throws. He shot 12-for-12 from the free-throw line. BAD MOVE:  West may have been inspired by the recent release of "The Three Stooges" movie. After he fouled Hayward while the two were running up the court in the second quarter, he was whistled for a technical foul for sticking his finger in Hayward's ear. Larry, Moe and Curly would have been proud. QUOTABLE II:  "It was a fun game to be a part of. Both teams left it all out there and competed at a high level. Big plays and big shots on both ends of the floor. The crowd was into it so you couldn't ask for a better game. We had our chances. If we get that rebound at the end of regulation the game is over."  --  Mavericks forward Nowitzki on what a great game it was while lamenting how failing to box out Millsap would have won the game for his team. QUOTABLE III:  "He had some lint in his hair. I was just trying to get it out for him. I was giving him a wet willy. That's all. We are two warriors. We're out there battling on the battlefield. I forgot the NBA is a gentleman's game so we have to scrap and do it nicely."  --  Mavericks guard West on his run-in with Hayward. NOTABLE:  Dallas guard  Rodrigue Beaubois  was listed as a game-time decision and Mavericks head coach  Rick Carlisle  said he thought he'd play. But Beaubois was held out with a strained calf, missing his second straight game. Utah snapped a seven-game losing streak against the Mavericks. Dallas hadn't played in a triple overtime game since 1989. Jefferson, Millsap, Hayward, Harris, Nowitzki and Terry each played more than 50 minutes.  Jason Kidd  made his 1,300th career start. UP NEXT:  For the Mavericks, Wednesday vs. Rockets, Friday vs. Warriors, Saturday @ Chicago. For the Jazz, Wednesday @ Portland, Saturday vs. Magic, Tuesday, April 24, vs. Suns.  