Notebook: Thunder 116, 76ers 109 (OT) 
 
 
 Andy Jasner, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Nov 24, 2012 11:06 PM - Updated Sat Nov 24, 2012 11:06 PM 
 
 THE FACTS: Kevin Durant  scored a season-high 37 points,  Russell Westbrook  dropped in 30 and the Oklahoma City Thunder defeated the Philadelphia 76ers 116-109 in overtime Saturday at the Wells Fargo Center.  Serge Ibaka  added 18 points and  Nick Collison  had 14 for the Thunder, who improved to 10-4. 
 
 Thaddeus Young  led the Sixers with 29 points and a career-best 15 rebounds.  Evan Turner  scored 26 points and  Jason Richardson  had 13. The Sixers lost their second consecutive game and fell to 7-6. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I like the fact that we continued to trust each other." 
 -- Thunder coach  Scott Brooks   on an 18-point outburst in overtime after missing their final seven shots in regulation. 
 
 THE STAT:  Ibaka had nine rebounds, eight on the offensive glass. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Thunder took over in overtime thanks to their deft 3-point shooting. Four different players hit a trey in overtime -- Durant, Westbrook,  Kevin Martin  and  Thabo Sefolosha .  
 
 HOT:  Collison was 5-for-6 from the field while Ibaka knocked down 8-for-12. For the Sixers, Turner was stellar offensively, going 10-for-17. 
 
 NOT:   Jrue Holiday  missed eight of his 11 shots, including all three from beyond the arc. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "Nobody in the league plays perfect games, but we'd like to be more consistent." 
 -- Thunder's Nick Collison 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Durant had 37 points, eight rebounds, five assists, four steals and three blocked shots. He was 15-for-17 from the free-throw line. Just another All-Star caliber night for the young standout. 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  There was quite a lively atmosphere inside the arena for the Thunder, who advanced to the NBA Finals last season. Aside from the Thunder being a strong draw, the crowd of 19,611 erupted with a standing ovation when former Sixers star  Julius Erving  presented the game ball. Erving is currently working as a strategic advisor for the Sixers. Boxer  Bernard Hopkins  also attended the game and received a nice ovation. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "We got shots we wanted. We didn't convert them." 
 -- Sixers' Jrue Holiday 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Despite struggling with their shooting, the Thunder kept running their offense in overtime. That means passing the ball around the perimeter and taking good shots. It worked with four huge 3-pointers and 18 points overall. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  The Sixers rushed their offense in overtime. They took several ill-advised shots early in the shot clock and it led to points on the other end for the Thunder. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Oklahoma City guard  Jeremy Lamb  and  Perry Jones  didn't play. For the Sixers, guard  Maalik Wayns  played 6:23 and missed his only shot while forward  Arnett Moultrie  was a DNP-CD. 
 
 NOTABLE:  The Sixers announced that injured center  Andrew Bynum  will be out indefinitely. Bynum has bone bruises on both knees along with weakened cartilage in both knees. "The bottom line here is Andrew is out indefinitely," general manager  Tony DiLeo  said. "We don't know when Andrew will be back. Only Andrew can answer that question." ... Richardson sprained his left ankle and is questionable for Sunday's game against the Suns. ... Holiday had 13 assists, including a floor-record tying 10 in the first half. ... Durant had just eight points in the first half but wound up with 37. He has scored 30 or more points in four of his eight career games against the Sixers. ... The Thunder have scored 110 or more points in four of the last five games. ... Young recorded his second straight double-double after posting only one all of last season. ... Oklahoma City committed 12 turnovers and it entered the game averaging 17. ... It was the second overtime win in the last three games for the Thunder. 
 
 NEXT UP:  For the Thunder, Monday vs. Charlotte, Wednesday vs. Houston, Friday vs. Utah. For the Sixers, Sunday vs. Phoenix, Tuesday vs. Dallas, Friday @ Charlotte. 
