  Notebook: Suns 114, Timberwolves 90 Posted Tuesday April 10, 2012 12:50AM By Jim Beilby, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Recently the Phoenix Suns have made a habit of getting behind and coming back and winning. But on Monday night against the Minnesota Timberwolves they didn't need to come from behind. They established an early lead, extended that lead, and won big, defeating Minnesota 114-90. With the win, they move within one game of the eighth and final playoff spot in the west. With  Steve Nash  having an off night (at least on paper, 14 points, five assists), it was the Suns' bench that stepped up. Led by rookie  Markieff Morris's  21 points, Phoenix outscored Minnesota's bench 66-27. For Minnesota,  Kevin Love  looked tired and a little disinterested for much of the game. He still got his numbers (25 points and 13 rebounds), but he was unable to find any consistent rhythm. With the loss, Minnesota has a six game losing streak, their longest of the season. QUOTABLE:  "I thought we did a pretty good job of controlling (Kevin Love), keeping him off the boards. He still finds a way to come up with some second chance points and things like that. I also think we did a good job of running him off the three point shot. We didn't give him a chance to catch and shoot."  --  Phoenix head coach  Alvin   Gentry. THE STAT:  The Suns outshot and outrebounded the Wolves. Phoenix shot a season high 57.3 percent compared to Minnesota's 38.6 percent. And Phoenix out-worked Minnesota on the glass, accumulating a 52-40 rebounding advantage, a number that is particularly impressive since Minnesota is 3rd in the league in rebounding and Phoenix is 19th. TURNING POINT:  Since Phoenix got an early lead and was not seriously threatened, one could make a case that the turning point was early in the first quarter. But Phoenix extended their lead in two key runs. In the second quarter Phoenix used a 21-9 to build a 15 point lead and in the third quarter they used a 21-4 run to extend their lead to 22. QUOTABLE II:  "It's disappointing. Again. Just like the last time we played at home [April 4th vs.the Golden State Warriors]. We need to find a way to get energy and draw from each other. I just told them, 'How do you want to finish this season?' This wasn't good enough. They know it, but you've got to go out there and do it."  --  Minnesota head coach  Rick Adelman. BAD MOVE:  Love, who leads the league in minutes played and who looked tired for much of the night, did not leave the game until long after the outcome of the game was certain. Inexplicably, he played until the 4:58 mark in the fourth quarter when the score was106-79. NOTABLE:  The Phoenix Suns are one of only two teams that Minnesota coach Adelman has a losing record as a coach against ... The Phoenix Suns have not lost a season series to the Wolves since before Nash rejoined the team before the 2004-2005 season .. With his five assists tonight, Nash needs 47 more to pass  Oscar Robertson  for fifth on the NBA's all-time list. UP NEXT:  For the Wolves, Wednesday @ Denver, Thursday Vs. Clippers, Saturday vs. Oklahoma City. For the Suns, Wednesday @ Memphis, Friday @ Houston, Saturday @ San Antonio.  