  Notebook: Warriors 120, Wizards 100 Posted Monday March 5, 2012 11:12PM By Ben Standig, for NBA.com THE FACTS: Monta Ellis  scored 25 points and  Klay Thompson  added 18 points to pace six double-digit scorers as the Golden State Warriors scored their most points this season in a 120-100 rout over the Washington Wizards. The Warriors knocked down 15-of-23 attempts (65.2 percent) from beyond the arc, shot 54.2 percent overall and made 15-of-16 free throws.  David Lee  finished with 13 points and 10 rebounds for the Warriors, who snapped a two-game losing streak and concluded a six-game road swing. Nick Young  scored 22 of his 25 points in the second half for the Wizards, who have lost seven of eight games.  John Wall  finished with 20 points and 14 assists for his third double-double in five games. QUOTABLE:  "That's about as disappointed as I've been. I'll take full responsibility for this one. I had a sense before the game we weren't ready to play. But I ain't going to put up with that again. We get one win and come into a situation where we have a team at the end of a road trip, in a back-to-back and we come in with that effort to start the game. Inexcusable and that's on me. That's on me. I'll take responsibility for that, because I'm going to clean that up. That is unprofessional. I apologize to everybody that had to watch it and had to come here tonight. Next question."  --  Wizards head coach  Randy Wittman . THE STAT:  Six different Warriors made at least two 3-pointers and the Golden State reserves sank 10-of-14 overall led by Thompson's four. While the Warriors made 15 shots from long distance, the Wizards missed 16 free throws, finishing 20-of-36 overall. TURNING POINT:  The Warriors made 5-of-6 shots from beyond the arc in the first quarter, including Ellis' running 36-footer at the buzzer. That shot capped a 12-2 run to close the quarter, put the Warriors up 41-24 and helped establish Golden State's season-high for points scored in any quarter this season. QUOTABLE II:  "It was a great game. We came out, stuck with the game plan - we made shots, That was the biggest thing. We slowed them down in transition as much as we could, and we ran the ball back at them.  -  Ellis. HOT:  Ellis scored 14 points in the first quarter, sinking 5-of-7 shots including two of three 3-point attempts. The combo guard finished 10-of-16 overall and doled out eight of the Warriors' 27 assists despite not playing in the fourth quarter. NOT:  After scoring 31 points Saturday night in the Wizards win over the Cavaliers,  Jordan Crawford  finished with only five points while missing 11 of 13 shots. GOOD MOVE:  Despite  Stephen Curry's  return from injury, Warriors head coach  Mark Jackson  kept  Dominic McGuire  in his starting lineup. The 6-foot-9 swingman harassed Crawford relentlessly in the first quarter, forcing the 6-foot-4 guard into difficult shots. Crawford entered the game shooting 52.8 percent over his previous eight games, but missed his first five shots while the Warriors offense exploded early. NOTABLE:  After playing only three seconds in the Warriors previous four games due to a tendon strain in his right foot, Curry returned to action, scoring 12 points in just nine minutes. Curry sank 5-of-7 shots including a Hail Mary 3-pointer to close the third quarter. UP NEXT:  For the Warriors, Wednesday vs. Memphis, Saturday vs. Mavericks, Sunday @ Clippers. For the Wizards, Wednesday vs. Lakers, Saturday vs. Portland, Monday vs. San Antonio.  