  Notebook: Rockets 99, Bulls 93 Posted Monday April 2, 2012 11:36PM By Kent McDill, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The visiting Houston Rockets made a great second half comeback and dominated the fourth quarter on the way to a 99-93 over the Chicago Bulls. The Bulls led by 11 at halftime and 13 midway through the third quarter before the Rockets got hot from the field and the Bulls started making mistakes.  Goran Dragic  led the Rockets with 20 points and added five assists while  Luis Scola  added 18 points and a team-high 12 rebounds.  Luol Deng  had 24 points and  Carlos Boozer  added 16 points and 13 rebounds. NOTABLE:  The loss, following Chicago's loss at Oklahoma City on Sunday, ended the Bulls' 86-game streak of avoiding a two-game losing streak in the regular season. The last time the Bulls lost consecutive regular season games was Feb. 5-7, 2011. THE STAT:  The Rockets committed just eight turnovers in the game, while the Bulls had 19, leading to 24 Houston points. Bulls guard  Rip Hamilton , playing for the first time since early March because of a shoulder injury, had five turnovers in just 20 minutes of play. QUOTABLE:  "Every game is huge. It's a battle in the West. Every game is basically a playoff-berth game."    -- Houston forward  Chandler Parsons QUOTABLE II:  "Started the first quarter the same way. Ended the second (quarter) the same way. Started the third quarter the same way. No edge. No defense. Turnovers, turnovers, turnovers."    -- Bulls coach  Tom Thibodeau THE STAT II:  The Bulls outrebounded the Rockets 47-38 (with 18 offensive boards) and outshot the Rockets from the field percentage-wise, but the Rockets had two more field goals and three more points from the free throw line as the Bulls were 8-for-17 from the stripe. The Bulls rank 26th in the league in free throw shooting. TURNING POINT:  Trailing 61-48 in the third quarter, the Rockets went on a 14-1 run to tie the game at 62-62.  Marcus Camby , Scola and  Chase Budinger  each contributed two baskets in the run. INJURY UPDATE:  Thibodeau waited until 10 minutes before game time to announce Hamilton was going to play for the first time since March 5 because of a shoulder injury. Hamilton scored six points, all in the first quarter.  Derrick Rose  remained out with his sore groin, missing his 11th straight game. Houston's  Kyle Lowry  remained out with a bacterial infection and  Kevin Martin  is out with a strained shoulder. QUOTABLE III:  "We miss Derrick. We are better with Derrick. But everybody has injuries. They (the Rockets) are missing guys. We have enough talent to win."    -- Deng HOT:  Dragic was the best point guard on the floor all night, making eight of 12 shots. He also had four steals to go with his five assists. NOTABLE II:  Both the Bulls and the Rockets were looking ahead to a break in the insane schedule for 2011-12. The Bulls play next on Thursday in Boston, but that is the only game between Tuesday and Sunday. The Rockets do not play again until Friday in Los Angeles against the Lakers, a full three days off in between games. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Thursday vs. Boston, Sunday @ New York, April 10 vs. New. For the Rockets, Friday @ L.A. Lakers, Sunday @ Sacramento, Monday @ Portland.  