  Magic-Heat notebook   By Shandel Richardson, for NBA.com Posted Thursday March 3, 2011 11:57PM THE FACTS:  The Orlando Magic rallied from a 24-point third-quarter deficit to defeat the Miami Heat 99-96 Thursday at AmericanAirlines Arena. Guard  Jason Richardson  led the Magic with 24 points. Orlando had five players in double-figures, including  Jameer Nelson  (16),  Ryan Anderson  (15),  Dwight Howard  (14) and  Gilbert Arenas  (11). The Heat, who got off to such a hot start, were led by  LeBron James ' 29 points. Trailing by three in the closing seconds, the Heat had two chances to tie but  Chris Bosh  and James missed 3-pointers. QUOTABLE:  "It's a trend. We've had leads and we've let it go away. I'm not used to being on teams like that. So it's mind boggling."   -- Heat guard  Dwyane Wade THE STAT:  The Magic made 16 of 29 from 3-point range. It was the catalyst in helping them get back into the game. TURNING POINT:  Wade and James were unstoppable in the first half, combining for 47 points. But they scored just 10 points after intermission, allowing the Magic the opportunity to make a run. QUOTABLE II:  "We're being measured right now. We just need to keep pushing through. There's no other way to say it. The guys really wanted this one. For most of the game, we played hard enough to get it done and then the tide turned."   -- Heat coach  Erik Spoelstra  HOT:  Richardson caught fire in the second half during the Magic's comeback. He was key during a key 38-9 run that shifted momentum. Richardson finished 9 of 14 from the field, including 6 of 8 on 3-pointers. NOT:  As if his job wasn't already in jeopardy enough, Heat guard  Mario Chalmers  struggled from the field. He shot just 2 of 11 from the field, hitting 1 of 6 on 3-pointers. Several of Chalmers' attempts were uncontested. He simply missed them, which could lead to his benching. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Howard was solid in all phases. In addition to his scoring, he also had 18 rebounds and five assists. GOOD MOVE:  The Magic never panicked. Despite falling down big against a team still stinging from a loss to the Knicks Sunday, they took the Heat's best shot. Coach  Stan Van Gundy  said it was a matter of his team making shots and forcing the Heat to miss. BAD MOVE:  The Heat had a chance to bury the Magic in the third quarter and couldn't do it. If so, it would've been beneficial for Friday's game against San Antonio. It would've allowed them to rest their starters in preparation of another statement game. Instead, they will enter with three losses in the last four games. NOTABLE:  Heat guard  Mike Bibby  made his debut with 1:11 left in the first quarter. He finished with three points and an assist. He is expected to soon replace Chalmers in the starting lineup. The Magic and Heat split the season series at two games apiece. UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Friday @ San Antonio, Sunday vs. Chicago, Tuesday vs. Portland. For the Magic, Friday vs. Chicago, Monday vs. Portland, Wednesday @ Sacramento.  