  Lakers-Pistons notebook   By Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday November 17, 2010 11:01PM THE FACTS:   Kobe Bryant  had 33 points, one shy of his season high, as the Los Angeles Lakers rolled to a 103-90 win over the Detroit Pistons at The Palace Wednesday night.  Rodney Stuckey  led the Pistons with 18 points. QUOTABLE:  "It looks like some of their guys aren't playing hard right now. In that regard, we were able to get after it and Kobe was all business tonight."   -- Lakers coach  Phil Jackson . THE STAT:  58-51. Bryant and  Pau Gasol  outscored the Pistons starters despite not playing in the fourth quarter. Los Angeles led by as much as 26 in the third quarter, allowing Jackson to rest his regulars. TURNING POINT:   Richard Hamilton  got mad at official  Derrick Stafford  when he received his second foul call in the first 4:59 while guarding Bryant. With officials cracking down on complaints, Stafford whistled Hamilton for two quick technicals and ejected him. Bryant then victimized smaller guards  Ben Gordon  and Stuckey while shooting 11-for-20 from the field. QUOTABLE II:  "Their chemistry is great. Obviously, we'd like to get our chemistry to where theirs is and they showed it tonight."   -- Pistons forward  Tayshaun Prince  on the Lakers. HOT:  Bryant has been in a scoring mode in the last five games after deferring more to his teammates the first six games. He is averaging 31.2 points during that span and has taken at least 20 shots in each of those contests. NOT:  Gordon replaced Hamilton after the early ejection but his usually sweet stroke was nowhere to be found. He scored eight points on 3-for-11 shooting. Gordon has scored in single digits in four of the last six games. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Gasol has 10 double-doubles this season and is ranked No. 3 in rebounding. He grabbed 12 more on Wednesday. ROOKIE WATCH:   Derrick Caracter  again served as the Lakers' backup center with  Andrew Bynum  and  Theo Ratliff  sidelined by injuries. Caracter had six points and five rebounds in 15 minutes. He's still seeking his first double-digit game. NOTABLE:   Lamar Odom 's double-double of 15 points and 14 rebounds was his sixth this season. ... The Pistons were outscored 44-42 in the paint. They have been outscored in the paint in all 12 of their games this season. ... Detroit, which came into the game ranked third in 3-point shooting, made just 25 percent (4-for-16) from long range. ... The Pistons' five turnovers were a season low. UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Friday @ Minnesota, Sunday vs. Golden State, Tuesday vs. Chicago. For the Pistons, Sunday vs. Washington, Tuesday @ Dallas, Wednesday @ Memphis.  