  Notebook: Raptors 90, Knicks 85   By Adam Zagoria, for NBA.com Posted Monday January 2, 2012 11:50PM THE FACTS: Carmelo Anthony  poured in a game-high 35 points on 31 shots but missed a potential game-tying 3-pointer down the stretch for the Knicks and the Toronto Raptors snapped a three-game losing streak by downing New York, 90-85, at Madison Square Garden. Andrea Bargnani  hit an 18-foot jumper and added two foul shots in the final 46 seconds and finished with 21 points for Toronto.  DeMar DeRozan  also had 21 points.  Rasual Butler  chipped in with 13 points and 10 boards, and  Jose Calderon  added nine points, 12 assists and just two turnovers. The Knicks (2-3) -- losers of three of four -- were playing their second straight game without  Amar'e Stoudemire  (ankle) and struggled without their second offensive option. Toney Douglas  scored 12 of his 22 in the third period for the Knicks, who got within 86-85 on a  Tyson Chandler  dunk before Bargnani hit two foul shots to extend the lead to 88-85. Anthony's 3-point attempt from the right wing was too strong, and Toronto's  Anthony Carter  closed out the scoring with two free throws. QUOTABLE:  "It is what it is; I missed it."   -- Anthony on his missed 3-point attempt  THE STAT:  Anthony scored 18 of the Knicks' points in the first half, when they trailed, 51-34. The rest of his teammates combined for 16 first-half points, with the bench contributing just three on a  Steve Novak  3-pointer. New York shot 28 percent (11-for-39) in the first half. Overall, New York went 10-for-35 from beyond the arc. TURNING POINT:  After taking a 23-22 first-quarter lead, the Knicks were outscored 29-11 in the second period, when DeRozan tallied nine points and Butler six. The Knicks did outscore Toronto, 24-16, in the third but still trailed 67-58 after three. QUOTABLE II:  "It just feels good to end this trip with a win and go back home."    -- DeRozan HOT:  DeRozan went 7-for-13 from the field and was also 5-for-6 from the stripe. That followed a 17-point, six-rebound performance against Orlando on New Year's Day in which he was 8-for-9 from the line. He plays well against New York, too. DeRozan averaged 19 points and 4.5 rebounds in four games last season. NOT:  After putting up a 14-point, 12-board performance in his first NBA start Saturday night in a win at Sacramento, Knicks rookie  Josh Harrellson  went 0-for-4 and finished with two points and five rebounds. He did get a big block in the final minutes on  Amir Johnson  and also drew two first-half charges. NOTABLE:  It is possible the Knicks could get Stoudemire and/or rookie guard  Iman Shumpert  (knee) back for Wednesday's tilt with Charlotte. "Wednesday is definitely a good possibility," Stoudemire said before the game. "We'll keep the process going and keep getting better." As for Shumpert, D'Antoni said he would practice Tuesday and then they would evaluate him Wednesday. "If he wakes up Wednesday and he's fine, then he could play," D'Antoni said. QUOTABLE III:  "Obviously, we missed Amar'e but that can't be the whole thing. The whole thing was our energy level was sapped the first half for some reason."    -- D'Antoni INSIDE THE ARENA:  Several members of the NFC East champion New York Giants attended, including  Victor Cruz, Corey Webster  and  Antrel Rolle . Actress  Chloe Sevigny  was also in the house. UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Wednesday vs. Charlotte, Friday @ Washington, Saturday @ Detroit. For the Raptors, Wednesday vs. Cleveland. Friday vs. New Jersey, Saturday @ Philadelphia.  