Notebook: Magic 115, Suns 94 
 
 
 Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Nov 04, 2012 10:43 PM - Updated Sun Nov 04, 2012 10:43 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:  The Orlando Magic exploded with 40 points in the third quarter and came back to beat the Phoenix Suns, 115-94, for their second straight win. 
 
 J.J. Redick  scored 24 points -- none of them in the big third quarter -- and  Glen Davis  and  Arron Afflalo  added 22 each for Orlando, which played without injured starters  Jameer Nelson  and  Hedo Turkoglu . Center  Nikola Vucevic  contributed 18 points and a game-high 13 rebounds. 
 
 Luis Scola  led Phoenix with 24 points and  Michael Beasley  scored 22, but the Suns went cold after building a 14-point lead early in the third quarter. 
 
 THE STAT:  No statistic stands out more than the 2-0 record of the Magic, who were picked to finish at or near the bottom of the  Eastern Conference. Beasley went so far as to suggest: "It might be better for them that they don't have Dwight Howard." 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We've lived in the positive world. We've stressed to our players that each time time you put in work and effort, there's something rewarding you for that effort. I haven't held one clipping up, one quote from any sort of publication, and I won't." 
 --  Magic coach  Jacque Vaughn. 
 
 
 TURNING POINT:  After making five of their first six shots in the second half, the Suns had an 11-point lead midway through the third quarter. Vucevic scored on a short jumper and a put-back, starting a 37-9 Orlando run over the next 12 minutes. 
 
 HOT:  The Magic shot 64 percent in the second half. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I saw a change in that third quarter in the energy level. For me, the two guys that really feet the tone for that were Arron and Glen." 
 --  Magic guard Redick.  
 
 
 NOT:  The Suns made five of 28 shots (18 percent) while seeing a 14-point lead dissolve into a 17-point deficit. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  After Scola scored 11 points in the first quarter, Magic coach Vaughn put the 7-foot Vucevic on him.  
 
 BAD MOVE:  After a couple of 3-pointers by Beasley helped inflate their lead, the Suns stopped going inside until the game got away from them. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "We played really well in the first half and then we went through the motions and started exchanging baskets. We let them get it going." 
 --  Suns forward   Scola. 
 
 
 IN THE ARENA:  There was a big military presence on Seats for Soldiers Night, in which more than 800 tickets were distributed to U.S. military personnel . . . The game was held up 12 minutes between the first and second quarters when a net had to be repaired after being shredded in a trampoline-assisted dunk stunt. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Starting in his first NBA game for the injured Turkoglu,  DeQuan Jones  scored two points in 16 minutes. He had sat out the season opener with a strained groin. 
 NOTABLE: The Magic made their first seven 3-point shots and finished 9-for-11 . . . The Suns blocked 10 shots, including four by center  Marcin Gortat  . . . The Magic have outscored their first two opponents by 34 points in the paint. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Suns - Monday @ Miami, Wednesday @ Charlotte, Friday vs. Cleveland. For the Magic: Tuesday @ Chicago, Wednesday @ Minnesota, Friday vs. Brooklyn. 
