
 Grizzlies-Wolves Notebook   By Jim Beilby, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday February 2, 2011 11:40PM THE FACTS:  If the Memphis Grizzlies didn't need  O. J. Mayo  to defeat the Orlando Magic, it didn't seem likely that they would need him to beat the Minnesota Timberwolves. They didn't. They followed up their impressive victory against Orlando on Monday night by throttling the listless Timberwolves, 102-84. Memphis is now 4-0 without Mayo, who is serving a 10 game suspension for violating the league's substance policy.  Zach Randolph  scored 23 points and grabbed 13 rebounds and  Rudy Gay  added 22 points as Memphis out-shot, out-rebounded, out-defended, and thoroughly out-played Minnesota. QUOTABLE:  "We played pretty strong defense, we forced them into 17 turnovers and scored 27 points off those turnovers with 12 steals. I was worried with the lead we had at halftime. We came out and started trading buckets with them but we got two or three steals and we got a stop with a rebound and got running to a 20-21 point lead. From that point on we just maintained."  - Memphis coach  Lionell Hollins THE STAT:  Memphis won the statistical battle in two significant ways. First, they grabbed 12 steals and turned 17 Minnesota turnovers into 26 points. Memphis came into the game leading the league in forced turnovers (16.8) and second in steals (9.1). Second, they out-rebounded Minnesota 55-44, despite the fact that Minnesota leads the league in rebounding. TURNING POINT:  After leading by eight at half, Memphis took possession of the game with an 18-4 run in the third quarter. With that run they built a 20 point lead and never looked back. Minnesota didn't get within 17 for the rest of the game. QUOTABLE II:  "We clearly didn't come out ready to play this ball game. We weren't focused on the areas that we have to focus on in order to win a game at one of the league leaders in creating turnovers, scoring off turnovers, (and) points in the paint."  - Minnesota coach  Kurt Rambis NOTABLE:  This game featured two of the four players averaging 20 points and 10 rebounds.  Kevin Love  averages 21.6 points per game and 15.6 rebounds per game and Zach Randolph averages 20.0 and 13.2. But tonight Randolph won this battle decisively. He outscored, out-rebounded, and frustrated Love on both ends of the court all night. Love scored 10 points and grabbed 10 rebounds, barely keeping alive his streak of 34 straight games with a double-double. That streak is the longest such streak since  Kevin Garnett  recorded 37 straight double-doubles in 2006. UP NEXT:  For the Wolves, Friday @ Toronto, Saturday vs. Denver, Monday @ New Orleans. For the Grizzlies, Friday vs. Cleveland, Saturday @ Houston, Monday vs. Lakers. 
