Notebook: Pacers 101, Bobcats 77 
 
 
 Conrad Brunner, For NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Feb 13, 2013 10:48 PM - Updated Wed Feb 13, 2013 10:48 PM 
 
 THE FACTS :  He'd done just about everything else in this remarkable breakout season, so  Paul George  ticked another box on his list of things to do before the All-Star break. Indiana's emerging young forward produced his first career triple-double with 23 points, 12 rebounds and 12 assists to spark the Pacers to a 101-77 rout of the Charlotte Bobcats Wednesday at Bankers Life Fieldhouse. The Pacers (32-21) played without starting power forward  David West  (scratched left eye) but  Tyler Hansbrough  filled the void nicely with 19 points and 10 rebounds in his first start since the 2011 playoffs. Indiana snapped a two-game losing streak and heads into the break atop the Central Division and third in the Eastern Conference. Charlotte (12-40) was led by  Byron Mullens ' 19 points and  Bismack Biyombo 's 16 rebounds, but lost in Indiana for the ninth consecutive time. 
 
 QUOTABLE :  "I knew I needed a big game. I didn't play well at all [in a loss to the Nets Monday] and didn't help, I thought, to win that game. I had to have a better game. I wasn't having intentions of coming out and having a triple-double, but I knew I had to be more aggressive."  
 -- Paul George 
 
 THE STAT : George becomes the third Pacers' player with a triple-double this season, joining  Roy Hibbert  and West. Prior to this season, the Pacers' last triple-double was by  Jermaine O'Neal  in 2003. 
 
 TURNING POINT : The Bobcats hung around for most of the game and trailed just 66-60 late in the third quarter when the Indiana bench took over, producing all but four points in an 18-4 run that broke it open -- giving the Pacers an 84-64 lead. Charlotte made just one field goal in a span of more than six minutes during the run.  
 
 QUOTABLE II : "Tyler Hansbrough is a starting power forward in this league. He proves every chance he gets what he can do.  Jeff Pendergraph  is a rotation player. To get 29 points, 18 rebounds out of those two guys is very impressive."  
 -- Indiana coach  Frank Vogel 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE :  Though he told the team after the morning shootaround he planned to start Pendergraph in West's spot at power forward, Vogel changed his mind during the afternoon and decided to go with Hansbrough instead. The result was the Hansbrough's best game of the season. 
 
 BAD MOVE : When Hibbert picked up his fourth foul early in the second half, Vogel left his center in the game, but he picked up his fifth less than three minutes later and headed to the bench for the rest of the night. Fortunately for the Pacers,  Ian Mahinmi  came off the bench to provide 10 points and five rebounds, minimizing the impact of Hibbert's absence. 
 
 HOT :  George had 10 of his rebounds and seven of his assists in the second half. ... Hansbrough had been mired in a shooting slump, going 2-for-15 in his previous four games, but was 8-for-13 against the Bobcats, racking up his 19 points in less than 24 minutes. ... Pendergraph had 10 points and eight rebounds off the bench. 
 
 NOT :  Charlotte centers Biyombo and  Brendan Haywood  combined to shoot 1-for-13. 
 
 QUOTABLE III : "Yeah, I take the onus on that. I [stunk] on my rebounding tonight."  
 -- Byron Mullens 
 
 NOTABLE :  The Pacers had hoped for  Danny Granger  to make his season debut tonight, but he came down with flu-like symptoms and was unable to go. His return from left knee tendinosis will be pushed back beyond the All-Star break. ... West, who sustained his eye injury in the first quarter of Monday's loss to the Nets, missed his first game in two seasons with the Pacers. ... With a 21-5 home record, the Pacers have assured a winning home record for the 24th consecutive season, the league's longest active streak. ... This was Hansbrough's third double-double of the season. ... Pendergraph has 24 points in his last two appearances after totaling 28 in his first 16 outings. ... Since starting the season 6-4, the Bobcats have gone 6-36. ... In winning three of four meetings this season, the Pacers held advantages of 213-155 on the boards, 184-92 in the paint and 76-41 on second-chance points. 
 
 UP NEXT : For the Pacers, Feb. 20 vs. New York, Feb. 22 vs. Detroit, Feb. 23 @ Detroit.  For the Bobcats, Feb. 19 @ Orlando, Feb. 20 vs. Detroit, Feb. 22 vs. Chicago. 
