Notebook: Bucks 99, Pacers 85 
 
 
 Rick Braun, For NBA.com 
 
Posted Thu Nov 15, 2012 12:02 AM - Updated Thu Nov 15, 2012 9:50 AM 
 
 THE FACTS:   Monta Ellis  and  Brandon Jennings  each scored 16 points as the Milwaukee Bucks rolled to an easy 99-85 victory over the struggling Indiana Pacers Wednesday night in Milwaukee. The Bucks (5-2) led by as many as 32 points in a game that was never in doubt. Milwaukee scored the game's first seven points and the Pacers never got back to even. It was 33-17 after a quarter and 82-53 after three quarters as Indiana (3-6) did not score 20 in a quarter until it was out of reach in the fourth period. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "That was something coach was preaching before we went out there. He said we've got to take it to them early and then they'll shut down, and that's basically what they did. It feels good to be able to beat a team in our division knowing that they were kicking our butts all last year." 
 -- Jennings on jumping on the Pacers early  
 
 THE STAT:  Although the Bucks' shooting statistics might indicate the Pacers' defense was stronger than it really was, the fact that Milwaukee had just four turnovers in the first 45 minutes and six for the game showed how little resistance Indiana really offered. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Bucks won the opening tip and then proved they would win the energy game, missing three shots but getting them all back before  Tobias Harris  gave them the lead for good. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We played some of our best defense in the first half tonight. Some of our best offense, as well. We moved the ball, didn't let their bigs get going. Overall, a very well-played game except for the last seven minutes." 
 -- Bucks coach  Scott Skiles  
 
 
 HOT:  Bucks center  Samuel Dalembert  was 5-for-7, including two turnaround jumpers, to finish with 14 points in just 18:25 of playing time. Dalembert is 19-for-26 (73.1 percent) in seven games. 
 
 NOT:  Pacers guard  George Hill  was just 1-for-10 and fell to 40.7 percent (48-for-118) on the season. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Skiles didn't panic when reserves cut the Bucks' lead to 89-70 with 5:54 left, and rookie  John Henson  scored the next six points to restore the game to blowout status. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Henson, the Bucks' first-round pick out of North Carolina, entered for the final 7:30 and scored 10 points on 5-of-8 shooting.  
 
 NOTABLE : Wednesday marked the third anniversary of Jennings' 55-point performance against Golden State in just his seventh NBA game. The Bucks won that game 129-125. ... Some of the bad blood from last season resurfaced with 2:13 in the third quarter when the Bucks'  Larry Sanders  was called for a flagrant 1 foul when his block attempt knocked  Tyler Hansbrough  to the floor. Hansbrough got up and stepped toward Sanders, but order was quickly restored. ... Jennings originally was credited with two first-quarter steals, but a scoring change took one away and he ended the night with just one. That snapped at six his streak of games with multiple steals. ... The victory snapped a five-game losing streak to the Pacers. ... Hansbrough led Indiana with 17 points, 15 of them in the second half. ...  Beno Udrih  had 10 assists off the bench for Milwaukee and was a point shy of a double-double. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Pacers, Friday vs. Dallas, Sunday @ New York, Monday @ Washington. For the Bucks, Saturday vs. New Orleans, Monday @ Charlotte, Wednesday @ Miami. 
