Notebook: Wizards 105, Magic 97 
 
 
 Rich Dubroff, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Dec 28, 2012 11:01 PM - Updated Fri Dec 28, 2012 11:01 PM 
 
 THE FACTS: Jordan Crawford  scored 27 points,  Nene  had a season-high 23 points and 11 rebounds to lead the Washington Wizards to a 105-97 win over the Orlando Magic on Friday night.  
 It broke Washington's eight-game losing streak and was Orlando's fourth straight loss. 
 After the Magic raced to a 25-8 lead, the Wizards quickly caught up and never trailed in the second half. They won by eight, their largest margin of the season. Washington is now 4-23. 
 
 Arron Afflalo  had 26 points and  J.J. Redick  scored 23 for Orlando. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "Good, they're going to be rusty. That's good for us. We're got to win, we're feeling good. let's play again. I don't worry about Chicago. I'm going, though" --  Washington coach  Randy Wittman  on playing the Bulls, who haven't played since Wednesday. 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Magic had held their last 12 opponents to fewer than 100 points. The Wizards hadn't scored 100 in the previous 11 games. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Once Washington trailed by 17, they outscored Orlando 17-6 to end the first quarter down by only six. They took control of the game late in the second quarter. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "There isn't an excuse for being bad defensively, and we are bad defensively right now, and it's surprising because we've been good defensively all season." --  Redick on the Magic's poor defensive effort. 
 
 
 HOT:  Crawford was 11-for-16 from the field. His 27 points tied the highest for a Wizards' player this season.  
 
 NOT: Jameer Nelson  was 5-for-6 and had 14 points in the first quarter. He missed eight of his last nine shots to finish with 16. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Wittman played  Garrett Temple , who was signed on Tuesday for 34 minutes, and he scored 13 points. He had a career highs with six rebounds and six assists. "Garrett don't know half of what we're doing. I'm throwing him out there to the wolves," Wittman said. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  The Magic were assessed a technical for having six men on the floor in the third quarter. "It's Christmastime, and my wife spent a lot of money. I'm going to refrain from what I really want to say about that six person foul," coach  Jacque Vaughn  said. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Orlando guard  E'Twaun Moore  sprained his left elbow in the first quarter. He did not return and will be evaluated on Saturday.  
 
 IN THE ARENA:  Chants of RG III, RG III were heard throughout Verizon Center when Nene   stepped to the line. On Sunday, the Washington Redskins play the Dallas Cowboys for the NFC title. Griffin is their star rookie quarterback. 
 
 NEXT:  For the Magic: Saturday vs. Raptors, Monday vs. Heat, Wednesday vs. Bulls. For the Wizards:  Saturday @Bulls, Tuesday vs. Mavericks Wednesday @ Pacers 
