Notebook: Thunder 115, Nuggets 113 
 
 
 Randy Renner, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Nov 19, 2013 12:18 AM - Updated Tue Nov 19, 2013 12:18 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  Thunder All-Stars  Kevin Durant  and  Russell Westbrook  combined to score a season-high 68 points. 
 
 THE LEAD:  The Oklahoma City Thunder trailed by 14 points in the third quarter and were still down a dozen early in the fourth before rallying for a thrilling 115-113 win over the Denver Nuggets.  
 OKC couldn't stop the Nuggets early on, allowing 39 first quarter points and 63 in the first half and trailed for most of the game before turning things around in the fourth quarter. 
 Durant led all scorers with 38 points and Westbrook added a double-double with 30 points and 12 rebounds. Durant also had eight rebounds and six assists. Backup point guard  Reggie Jackson  was the only other Thunder player in double figures with 14. 
 Denver point guard  Ty Lawson  had another fabulous night, leading his team with 29 points and eight assists, but Lawson was just 1-for-5 on 3-pointers.  J.J. Hickson  came up huge down low adding 18 points and pulling down 19 rebounds (two short of his career high) for Denver.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We knew they'd be tough. We've got to do a better job of being a defensive team, we have to play better defense. But in the fourth quarter we really locked in and played inspired basketball." --  Thunder head coach  Scott Brooks. 
 
 
 THE STAT : After allowing Denver to shoot 55.6 percent in the third quarter the Thunder finally clamped down on the Nuggets in the last 12 minutes holding them to just 28.6 percent shooting (6-for-21) and just 1-for-6 on 3-pointers. OKC outscored Denver 32-21 in the fourth quarter to come back and get the win. 
 
 TURNING POINT : That fourth quarter defense was spurred along by Brooks going to a three point guard lineup with Westbrook, Jackson and  Derek Fisher  on the floor at the same time. In that fourth quarter Jackson had five rebounds and Westbrook had four. Fisher added a steal. As a team the Thunder had 19 rebounds in the final 12 minutes, seven on the offensive glass. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "They got offensive rebounds and they got second and third opportunities to score. You give Westbrook and Durant two or three shots each time down on their possession and they're going to score." --  Nuggets head coach  Brian Shaw. 
 
 
 HOT:  The Nuggets blistered the nets in the first quarter. Denver scored 39 points on 59.3 percent shooting (57.1 percent on threes)...The Nuggets finished the half at 54.5 percent and 63 points, the most they've scored in a first half this season and the most OKC has given up...Durant was 5-for-9 (16 points) in the first half...The Thunder finished 13-for-27 (48.1 percent) on 3-point attempts. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "We can't start the game off giving them 39 points in the first quarter that just opens the flood gates for them. We have to be better. But we fought hard and made the plays down the stretch." --  Durant. 
 
 
 NOT : Westbrook was 4-for-12 in the first half...Denver was just 10-for-19 (52.6 percent) from the free throw line in the first 24 minutes...The Nuggets finished 25-for-43 (58.1 percent) at the free throw line. 
 
 QUOTABLE IV : "If we just take care of our free throws we win the game. If we just shot 80 percent we win...we shot 58 percent from the free throw line, those are easy points. You just can't do that." 
 --  Lawson . 
 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  Reporter/anchor  James Brown  from CBS was at the arena tonight with a crew from "60 Minutes" working on a piece about Durant. The segment is tentatively scheduled to air next month...During a second quarter break Thunder fan  Cameron Rodriguez  hit a shot from half court good for $20,000. It's the seventh time in five seasons a fan has hit a half court shot at Chesapeake Energy Arena. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  After hitting that big money ball Rodriguez ran around for a moment looking for someone to celebrate with, he finally settled on bear-hugging Thunder mascot " Rumble the Bison " and both fell to the floor. 
 
 NOTABLE:  The Thunder snapped a three-game losing streak against the Nuggets and are now 4-0 at home this season. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Nuggets: Thursday vs. Chicago, Saturday vs. Dallas, Monday @ Dallas. For the Thunder: Thursday vs. LA Clippers, Sunday vs. Utah, Wednesday vs. San Antonio. 
