  Jazz-Hornets notebook   By Larry Holder, for NBA.com Posted Monday April 11, 2011 11:08PM THE FACTS:  Forward  C.J. Miles  and guard  Devin Harris  each scored a game-high 18 points as the Utah Jazz defeated the New Orleans Hornets 90-78 on Monday night at the New Orleans Arena. The Utah win slowed down the team's recent losing ways as the Jazz had lost 10 of its last 11 games going into the Hornets game. QUOTABLE:  "Guys are playing for development and not going into the playoff. They did a good job of just coming out and playing hard and relying on each other. We continue to grow. That's the most encouraging this is that we're getting better with the things we're talking about, especially on the defensive end of the floor. ... That's what we talked about; having character. We carried it through. Whether (playoffs) were on the line or not on the line, we're just trying to create an identity."   --Jazz coach  Tyrone Corbin  on beating a team that has something to play while Utah is out of the playoff hunt. THE STAT:  The Hornets pride themselves on defense and they certainly didn't contain the Jazz. Utah shot better than 58 percent from the floor in the first half and ended the game with a 55.2 percent clip. TURNING POINT:  New Orleans has struggled winning the first quarter, and it followed the same trend on Monday night as Utah led 29-21 after the first quarter. The Jazz easily held the Hornets in check from about midway through the first quarter to the end of regulation. QUOTABLE II:  "Some of it was indescribable. It is something that happens in an NBA season. You hate it when you just don't have the energy or the focus that an NBA team should have. Give credit to Utah. They came in focused and didn't tank it. ... A lot of this falls on me because you have to get your team ready every night. It's not an 80-game season."   --Hornets coach  Monty Williams  on the loss. HOT:  The Jazz starters shot a combined 56.6 percent from the floor. Miles and Harris led the way with 18 points each, while Paul Millsap added 16 points and Gordon Hayward had 14 points. NOT:  No one for the Hornets. New Orleans almost appeared to take the night off in preparation for the playoffs as the team shot only 37.8 percent from the floor while lacking any sort of energy. It's the third lowest shooting percentage of the season and the worst home shooting percentage of this season for New Orleans. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Former Hornets owner  George Shinn  sat in his old courtside seat for Monday's game. It's the first time Shinn has attended a game since selling the Hornets to the NBA in December. Shinn received a modest ovation from the crowd of 12,558 when Shinn was introduced. NOTABLE:  The Hornets still have a chance to reach the sixth seed in the Western Conference, but they'll need help. New Orleans will have to beat Dallas on Wednesday, and Portland lose its final two games and Memphis beat Portland on Tuesday and lose to the Clippers on Wednesday. ... Miles injured his knee with 5:10 remaining in the game going up for a contested layup. He remained in the game, though, and it didn't appear to hamper him the rest of the game. UP NEXT:  For the Jazz, Wednesday vs. Denver. For the Hornets, Wednesday @ Dallas; Playoffs TBA.  