  Notebook: Nuggets 108, Sixers 104   By Rob Maaddi, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday January 18, 2012 11:03PM THE FACTS:   Andre Miller  scored 28 points and  Nene  had 20 points and 14 rebounds to lead the Denver Nuggets to their fourth straight win, 108-104, over the Philadelphia 76ers in overtime at the Wells Fargo Center on Wednesday night.  Thaddeus Young  scored 22 and  Evan Turner  had 20 for the Atlantic Division-leading Sixers, who lost for the first time at home in seven games. Miller added 10 assists and eight rebounds against his former team.  Andre Iguodala  finished one assist shy of a triple-double, though he missed a free throw with :04 remaining in regulation that could've won it for Philadelphia. QUOTABLE:  "It's always good to win against your former team, but I enjoyed these guys and my time here."   -- Andre Miller THE STAT:  Miller is the first Nuggets reserve to have at least 25 points and 10 assists since  Earl Boykins  did so against Memphis on Jan. 21, 2005. TURNING POINT:  Miller's jump shot with 42.9 seconds left in OT put the Nuggets ahead 106-104.  Lou Williams  then missed a 3-pointer and Miller stole an errant pass by  Jrue Holiday  to seal it. HOT:  Miller shot 9-for-14 in the second half and overtime and was 3-for-4 from 3-point range in the game. NOT:  Williams was just 2-for-9, including 1-for-5 from beyond the arc. QUOTABLE II:  "When you put  Ty Lawson  and Andre Miller out there as guards, they are tough, tough to cover. They run that pick-and-roll, and they get you in so many different situations."   -- 76ers coach  Doug Collins  on Denver's point guards playing at the same time FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Miller fell two rebounds short of a triple-double. He had 28 points and 10 assists to go with eight rebounds. He shot 12-for-20 and made all eight of his free throws. INSIDE THE ARENA:  NBA commissioner  David Stern  was in attendance. Stern spoke to the media for 20 minutes before the game, discussing various league topics. Former Eagles Pro Bowl middle linebacker  Jeremiah Trotter  received a warm ovation when he was shown on the video screen. QUOTABLE III:  "The 76ers announced their presence against the Heat in the playoffs last year. This is just a continuation of that."   -- David Stern on the 76ers' early-season success. GOOD MOVE:  Nuggets coach  George Karl 's decision to play his two point guards (Miller and Lawson) together. Miller hit a 3-pointer to start a 20-4 run that turned a 10-point deficit into a 51-46 halftime lead. BAD MOVE:  Collins' decision to insert Williams for Turner in the final minute of OT with the 76ers trailing by two. Williams, who was struggling from the floor, missed a 3-pointer. Turner had been tough to defend on several drives to the basket. He got fouled on three layups and turned two of them into three-point plays. ROOKIE WATCH:   Nikola Vucevic  made his first start for the Sixers at center and struggled. He had twice as many fouls (four) as points (two) in 12 minutes. NOTABLE:  Nuggets were missing center  Timofey Mozgov  (back strain), guard Rudy Fernandez (right Achilles strain) and reserve forward  DeMarre Carroll  (hamstring). ... Sixers center  Spencer Hawes  (left Achilles strain) sat out. NEXT:  For the Nuggets, Friday @ Washington, Saturday @ New York, Wednesday @ Sacramento. For the Sixers, Friday vs. Atlanta, Saturday @ Miami, Monday vs. Washington.  