Notebook: Rockets 112, Timberwolves 101 
 
 
 Matt Miller, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Nov 23, 2013 11:49 PM - Updated Sat Nov 23, 2013 11:49 PM 
 
 THE FACT: Aaron Brooks ' 26-point effort in the Rockets' win over the Timberwolves on Saturday is the sixth-year guard's highest scoring output since he poured in 28 to help Houston to a 113-96 triumph over the Jazz on April 7, 2010.  
 
 THE LEAD:  The last time Aaron Brooks had a performance like the one he delivered in the Rockets' 112-101 victory over the Wolves on Saturday at Toyota Center, Minnesota coach  Rick Adelman  was patrolling the Houston sideline as the Rockets' coach. 
 Brooks led Houston (9-5), which has won four consecutive home games and four of five contests overall, with 26 points on 10-for-14 shooting and five assists in less than 25 minutes of action. The sixth-year veteran also knocked down six of seven attempts from 3-point range to spearhead the Rockets' scorching 17-for-31 (54.8 percent) shooting from behind the arc.  
 Five other Houston players reached double figures, including  Jeremy Lin  (19 points),  Terrence Jones  (18 points, 10 rebounds) and  Dwight Howard  (11 points, 13 rebounds, four blocks).  
 
 Kevin Love  scored a game-high 27 points and grabbed 15 boards to lead the Wolves (8-7), losers of four straight on the road.  Corey Brewer  streaked his way to 22 points behind a series of fast-break layups, but Minnesota's offense struggled mightily in the half-court.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I've seen him do that a lot, so it doesn't surprise me." --  Adelman, who scouted Brooks as a collegiate athlete, on Brooks' big night . 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Houston allowed 37 points off a season-worst 24 turnovers, but it never trailed and led by as many as 19 in this one. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Minnesota played from behind all evening, yet it somehow battled through a frigid shooting performance to trail by only eight points after three quarters. The Rockets would not let the Wolves off the hook in the fourth, however, as  Omri Cassp i, Lin and Brooks each drained a 3-point attempt on Houston's first three possessions of the final period. That 9-0 run not only gave the Rockets a 91-74 lead, but also put the final nail in the proverbial coffin for Minnesota. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We showed fight, but in the end, it's really tough when [with] the first three shots of the fourth quarter, they go and hit three in a row. That made it tough for us to really come back." --  Love on Houston's spurt to start the final period . 
 
 
 HOT:  With his fellow Rockets struggling to find a rhythm during the opening 24 minutes, Brooks stepped up in his first extended stint of meaningful playing time this season. The 6-foot point guard, who won the NBA's Most Improved Player Award when Adelman was coaching Houston, led all scorers in the first half with 16 points on 6-for-7 shooting.  
 
 NOT:  Minnesota reserve guard  J.J. Barea  was unable to generate much success, finishing with only three points on 1-for-10 shooting. Barea did little to set up his teammates, as well, as the 12th-year veteran handed out only one assist in 17-plus minutes on the court 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Although Brooks has not received much playing time so far this season, coach  Kevin McHale  showed a great deal of confidence in Brooks and left him on the court for the entire second quarter. Perhaps Brooks' hot hand made it easier for McHale to trust him and give him a healthy dose of minutes, but it certainly is not easy to put faith in a player upon whom you rarely rely. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "His second quarter was special. He really had it going tonight." --  McHale . 
 
 
 BAD MOVE:  With Howard anchoring the defense with excellent rim protection, the Rockets held Minnesota's offense in check in the half-court throughout the game. Houston, however, was unable to seize control of the contest until the fourth quarter because it allowed the Wolves to feast off its turnovers. Minnesota scored 30 of its first 60 points off Houston's giveaways, marking the fifth time in the Rockets' last eight games that an opponent has netted at least 20 points off turnovers. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Rockets leading scorer  James Harden  sat out Saturday with a sore left foot. The 6-foot-5 shooting guard has been battling discomfort in his feet throughout the season, and he is expected to miss at least one more game -- Monday at Memphis -- before undergoing further examination. "It's all pain-relevant," McHale said after the game. "When the pain goes away, he'll play." ... Including Saturday's effort, Love has recorded a double-double in 10 consecutive road games, the longest such streak in the NBA. ... Houston has scored at least 109 points in seven consecutive games. ... The Rockets improved to 9-1 this season when they grab more rebounds than their opponent. ... Minnesota rookie forward  Shabazz Muhammad  (sprained right ankle) was available for the first time in six games, but did not play....This was the Wolves' fourth road loss in a row. They have averaged 110.5 ppg during this skid...Minnesota recorded a season-low 17 assists in the contest.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Wolves: Monday @ Indiana, Wednesday vs. Denver, Saturday @ Dallas. For the Rockets: Monday @ Memphis, Wednesday vs. Atlanta, Friday vs. Brooklyn. 
