  Cavs-Heat notebook   By Shandel Richardson, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday December 15, 2010 11:29PM THE FACTS:   Dwyane Wade  scored 28 points and  LeBron James  had 21 to lead the Miami Heat to a 101-95 victory against the Cleveland Cavaliers Wednesday at AmericanAirlines Arena. The Cavs led by three at halftime before the Heat fought back in the third quarter. Wade closed it out by scoring 17 fourth-quarter points. QUOTABLE:  "All of these experiences are good for our team. I don't want to take the win for granted. When you can extend your streak, that's the most important thing, obviously. When you get in a competitive game like that, you do want to see how guys respond."   -- Heat coach  Erik Spoelstra THE STAT:  After the Cavs shot 54 percent in the first quarter, they cooled down to finish at 40 percent. TURNING POINT:  Heat guard  Mario Chalmers  scored 11 third-quarter points to lead the comeback. Chalmers hit three 3-pointers during the stretch, including giving the Heat their first second-half lead, 53-51 with 9:41 left. HOT:  Wade waited until the fourth quarter to make his presence felt. After being nearly invisible for three quarters, he burst for 17 points in the fourth. Wade finished 10-for-18 from the field. NOT:  Cavs forward  Antawn Jamison  was just 5-for-18 from the field. He shot 3-for-9 on 3-pointers with a couple coming during key stretches where the Cavs needed a basket. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  James was just 5-for-15 from the field, but had a team-high 13 rebounds and five assists. James did struggle from the foul line, going 11-for-18. GOOD MOVE:  Spoelstra's decision to show confidence in Chalmers. He had two bad turnovers in the first half, but he stuck with him instead of going with  Eddie House . The move paid off because without Chalmers the Heat may never have found a second-half spark. BAD MOVE:  The Cavs settled for way too many 3-pointers and it hurt. Cleveland was just 9-for-33 from the arc. Some of it could be credited to the Heat's defense, but several times it was the Cavs refusing to attack the rim. NOTABLE:  The Heat fell one consecutive win short of the NBA record for double-digit victories. The streak was snapped at nine. UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Friday @ New York, Saturday @ Washington, Monday vs. Dallas. For the Cavs, Friday @ Indiana, Saturday vs. New York, Monday vs. Utah.  