  Clippers-Pacers notebook   By John Oehser, for NBA.com Posted Thursday November 18, 2010 10:38PM THE FACTS:   Danny Granger  scored 22 points and  Roy Hibbert  didn't miss in the second quarter as the Indiana Pacers pulled away for a 107-80 victory over the struggling Los Angeles Clippers in front of 12,459 at Conseco Fieldhouse in Indianapolis Thursday night. Hibbert, a third-year center who has made dramatic improvements this season, made 7-for-7 field goals in a 14-point second quarter as Indiana turned a three-point deficit into a 10-point halftime lead. Granger finished the game 6-for-14 from the field with 4-for-6 3-pointers. The Clippers (1-12), playing the second game of a back-to-back, have lost eight consecutive games. The Pacers had a season-high 14 blocked shots and are 5-5. QUOTABLE:  "We really got after them defensively after the first quarter. The last three quarters, we did an outstanding job. We played a tired basketball team on a back-to-back night. I'm very pleased with the effort."   -- Pacers coach  Jim O'Brien . THE STAT:  The Pacers played a solid game throughout, but the Clippers made it easy to pull away by struggling offensively -- and doing so with remarkable consistency. They shot 36.4 percent in the first quarter (8-for-22), 33.3 percent in the second quarter (7-for-21), 33.3 percent in the third quarter (6-for-18) and 30 percent in the fourth quarter (6-for-20). TURNING POINT:  The game got one-sided enough in the first half that it was easy to think there was no turning point, but the Clippers led by three points at the end of the first quarter. Not only was Hibbert 7-for-7 from the field in the second period, the the Pacers closed the quarter with a 22-10 run and the Clippers never seriously threatened again. QUOTABLE II:  "It gets tough to keep losing. We seem to be making the same mistakes. We've got to continue to try to figure it out."    -- Clippers'  Eric Gordon . HOT:  Pacers point guard  A.J. Price , playing a backup role with starter  Darren Collison  out and backup  T.J. Ford  starting, shot 4-for-7 in the first half. Hibbert dominated the second quarter, but Price's play proved balance that helped Indiana take control. Price finished 6-for-10 from the field and had 14 points with six assists. NOT:  Clippers center  DeAndre Jordan  missed all seven field goals he attempted in the first half, and his inability to match Hibbert was a factor in the first two quarters as Indiana took a 53-43 halftime lead. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Hibbert started hot, helping the Pacers control the interior. The ever-improving center shot 8-for-11 in the first half for 16 points and also had four first-half rebounds and he finished with 18 points and five rebounds. He also had three blocked shots, but just one assist and six turnovers. O'Brien said the assist-turnover ratio must improve because the Pacers are working the offense through Hibbert more this season to take advantage of his passing abiliy. GOOD MOVE:  Clippers' Gordon, an Indianapolis native, started with 11 first-quarter points. O'Brien had planned to play Granger on Gordon late if the game got tight, but after Gordon's hot start, Granger moved to cover Gordon in the second quarter. He shot 1-for-3 in the second quarter and 2-for-9 in the final three quarters to finish with 19 points. ROOKIE WATCH:  The Clippers start three rookies, so you can't not watch them.  Blake Griffin , averaging just over 16 points, finished with 12 points and eight rebounds, with  Al-Farouq Aminu  adding 12 points and eight rebounds and  Eric Bledsoe  adding eight points and eight rebounds. NOTABLE:  The Pacers shot 53.8 percent from 3-point range on 14-for-26 shooting and had 24 assists to just 10 for the Clippers. "Our guys take great pride in shooting the basketball and it shows," O'Brien said. ... The Clippers are now 0-7 on the road this season. ... Pacers center  Jeff Foster  made his first appearance of the season. ... Pacers swingman  Mike Dunleavy  missed the game to attend the birth of his daughter. ...  Brandon Rush  made his first start of the season in place of Dunleavy and scored 14 points on 4-for-5 shooing from 3-point range. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Saturday vs. New York, Monday vs. New Orleans, Thursday vs. Sacramento. For the Pacers, Saturday vs. Orlando, Monday at Miami, Tuesday vs. Cleveland.  