  Notebook: Suns 99, Rockets 86 Posted Monday March 19, 2012 12:21AM By Mike Tulumello, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The view from atop the plus-500 mountain top is breath-taking. The Phoenix Suns, after a season-long climb, finally reached this pinnacle Sunday night in a nearly wire-to-wire 99-86 rout of the visiting Houston Rockets. Not only are the Suns (23-22) now sporting a winning record, they are only one half-game behind the sliding No. 8 Rockets (24-22). Michael Redd , going back dozens of pages in the calendars to his All Star form, rained in shots from all over the floor. He finished with a season high 25 points on 10-for-13 shooting. "It's inspiring to see," the Suns'  Steve Nash  said of the 12-year veteran's growing importance to the Suns. The Rockets featured the debut of  Marcus Camby , acquired in a trade-deadline deal with Portland. Camby had eight points and eight boards in 20 minutes. They were led by  Luis Scola  with 18 points and seven rebounds. But they were missing leading scorer  Kevin Martin  (shoulder injury) and point guard  Kyle Lowry  (illness). The Suns have won 11 of their past 14. They have won seven of their past nine against teams ahead of them in the West. The Rockets have lost eight of 11. The Suns now head out on a four-game road trip, their toughest remaining road adventure. They play at Miami, Orlando, Indiana and Cleveland. The Rockets return to Houston, where they host the Los Angles Lakers, Golden State Warriors and Dallas Mavericks in upcoming days. QUOTABLE:  "The chemistry has come together. I don't know how that happens. I don't know if anybody can tell you how that happens."   --  Suns head coach  Alvin Gentry . THE STAT:  The Suns had only three turnovers in the first half, when the game was decided. TURNING POINT:  Shortly after the game tipped off. The Suns competed as if this game was necessary to make the playoffs. The Rockets did not. QUOTABLE II:  "It's phenomenal. Everybody likes each other. We genuinely want to see everybody succeed. That's big."   --  Redd on the Suns' chemistry. Redd said he hosted a team gathering at his house on Saturday night. HOT:  Redd hit 10 of his first 11 shots. He reached 25 points in just 16 minutes. NOT: Goran Dragic  put the short-handed Rockets in a deep hole by picking up two fouls immediately after the opening tip and having to leave. His fouls had much to do with the Suns rolling up a 26-13 lead after one quarter (the lowest point total in a first quarter for a Suns' opponents this season). "Goran picked up two quick fouls, and we were scrambling from that point on," Rockets head coach  Kevin McHale  said. ROOKIE WATCH:  The Morris twins, the Rockets'  Marcus  and the Suns'  Markieff , were on the floor together briefly. Markieff had four points on 2-for-6 shooting, four rebounds and two turnovers in 17 minutes. Marcus played 11 minutes, shot 1-for-3 and had two points and a steal. NOTABLE:  Before the All Star break, the Suns averaged 94.6 points on on 44.7 percent shooting. Since the break (11 games), the Suns are averaging 102 points on 47.4 percent shooting. UP NEXT:  For the Rockets, Tuesday vs. Los Angeles Lakers, Thursday vs. Warriors and Saturday vs. Mavericks. For the Suns, @ Miami Tuesday, @ Orlando Wednesday and @ Indiana Friday.  