  Notebook: Kings 92, Pacers 88   By James Ham, for NBA.com Posted Thursday January 19, 2012 2:42AM THE FACTS:  It wasn't pretty, but the Sacramento Kings erased a 16-point third quarter deficit to beat the Indiana Pacers 92-88 at Power Balance Pavilion on Wednesday. DeMarcus Cousins  scored 13 points and tied his career high with 19 rebounds. Veteran  Francisco Garcia  sparked the Kings off the bench, finishing with 16 points and icing the game with a pair of free throws in the closing seconds. The Pacers had five players finish in double figures, but were outscored 26-8 in the decisive fourth quarter and lost for just the fourth time this season. QUOTABLE:  "I don't know how we did it, but this group has some resilience. They fought, they found a lineup that worked, they got us back in the game and then they closed it out."   -- Kings coach  Keith Smart  on the victory THE STAT:  The Pacers led by as many as 16 points and walked into the fourth quarter up 80-66. The Kings not only erased the deficit, but took the lead, 88-87, with 2:20 left in the game. TURNING POINT:  With 3:04 left in the game and his team trailing 86-87, Cousins stepped in front of the Pacers'  Danny Granger  and drew an offensive foul. The Pacers scored only one more point the rest of the way. HOT:   Darren Collison  in the third quarter. The former UCLA Bruin lit up rookie  Isaiah Thomas , scoring 13 points on 5-for-6 shooting in the quarter. NOT: Tyreke Evans  looked lost and out of sorts through three quarters, scoring just four points on 2-for-7 shooting. The former Rookie of the Year finished with eight points on the night, but added six assists and seven rebounds. GOOD MOVE:  Starting  Jason Thompson . Since veteran  Chuck Hayes  dislocated his shoulder on Jan. 5, Smart had penciled in  J.J. Hickson  alongside Cousins in the starting lineup. That changed Wednesday, as Thompson took full advantage of the opportunity. The fourth-year forward/center scored nine points and grabbed a season-high 10 rebounds in the Kings' come-from-behind victory. NOTABLE:  Rookie  Jimmer Fredette  was scoreless in just six minutes of action, missing all four of his shots.     UP NEXT:  For the Pacers, Friday @ Golden State, Sunday @ L.A. Lakers, Tuesday vs. Orlando. For the Kings, Friday @ San Antonio, Saturday @ Memphis, Monday @ Portland.  