  Notebook: Blazers 118, Warriors 110 Posted Thursday April 12, 2012 2:10AM By Kerry Eggers, for NBA.com THE FACTS:   Jamal Crawford  came off the bench to pour in a season-high 34 points as Portland topped Golden State 118-110 Wednesday night at the Rose Garden. J.J. Hickson  -- stepping in for the injured  LaMarcus Aldridge  -- collected 23 points and matched his season high with 13 rebounds for the Blazers (28-31). David Lee  collected 21 points, 14 rebounds and six assists for the Warriors (22-35). QUOTABLE:  "I just felt comfortable. I knew coming into this game we were missing our top player, LaMarcus, and everybody had to step his game up. I envisioned more nights when I first came here, but everybody happens for a reason. Better late than never."    -- Jamal Crawford. THE STAT:  Golden State shot .522 from the field, becoming the first Portland opponent to shot 50 percent or better and lose. In such games, the Blazers are 1-12 this season. TURNING POINT:  Golden State was within 109-107 inside the final minute, but Wesley Matthews hit a pair of clutch shots -- a 17-footer with 42.9 seconds left and a 3-pointer with 15.4 seconds to go -- to cinch things for the Blazers. HOT:  Crawford made seven of his first nine shots and finished 10-for-18 from the field. He was 13-for-13 from the foul line, improving his percentage to an NBA-best .933 this season. NOT:   Luke Babbitt 's shooting touch has been torrid of late, but not Wednesday night. Portland's second-year forward was 2-for-7 from the field, including 1-for-3 from 3-point range. QUOTABLE II:  "We lost this game on the defensive end. You give up 118 points and allow them to get into a rhythm ... that's not the brand of defense we've been preaching all year long."    -- Golden State coach  Mark Jackson . INSIDE THE ARENA:   Adam Richman , host of "Food vs. Man" on the Travel Channel, was in the house. GOOD MOVE:  After a third-quarter scramble, Portland's  Raymond Felton  wound up with the ball at the 3-point line with three seconds left on the shot clock. He launched a bullet at the rim, where  Nicolas Batum  packed it down as the shot clock expired. BAD MOVE:  Twice the Warriors fouled Crawford on 3-point attempts. He turned it into six points. QUOTABLE III:  "We gave up two 30-point quarters, but our game-winning habits came into play offensively. We executed down the stretch. A lot of guys in that locker room made a lot of big-time shots."    -- Portland coach  Kaleb Canales . NOTABLE:  Aldridge is "game to game" following a Tuesday MRI that revealed an "abnormality" with his right hip. UP NEXT:  Dallas Friday, at Sacramento Sunday, at Phoenix Monday. For the Warriors, Dallas Thursday, at L.A. Clippers Saturday, San Antonio Monday.  