Notebook: Jazz 109, Rockets 103 
 
 
 Matt Payne, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Dec 03, 2013 1:22 AM - Updated Tue Dec 03, 2013 1:22 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  The victory over the Rockets gave the Jazz their first winning streak of the season, and Utah has now won three of its last four games. 
 
 THE LEAD:  Just like they did during the first week of the season, the Utah Jazz built up an early double-digit lead over the Houston Rockets -- but this time the result was different as the Jazz withstood Houston's comeback attempt to claim a 109-103 victory at EnergySolutions Arena Monday evening.   
 
 Gordon Hayward  paced the Jazz with 29 points, while  Trey Burke  and  Alec Burks  scored 21 each. The Jazz came out firing and finished the first quarter with a 36-23 lead, but Houston quickly erased the margin and the lead changed hands eight times the rest of the game. 
 
 James Harden  finished with a season-high 37 points and eight assists for the Rockets, who were shorthanded thanks to injuries to  Chandler Parsons  (back) and  Jeremy Lin  (knee). 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "The greatest thing about it was they made plays for their teammates. They came off and when their shots were there, they made shots. But they attacked and were able to get everybody involved, and it threw [Houston] off a little bit." 
 
 -- Jazz coach  Tyrone Corbin  on the play of Hayward and Burke 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Utah posted its highest shooting percentage of the young season Monday night, making 54 percent from the field, including 58 percent (10-for-17) from beyond the 3-point arc. The Jazz even made 81 percent of their free throws to cap off an efficient evening.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  Utah seemed poised to pull away several times in the fourth quarter, but Harden had an answer for each of Utah's big plays -- he made a corner 3 after Burks hit a 3-pointer for Utah; he slammed down a dunk after a floater by  Marvin Williams  pumped up the crowd; and he sank a contested 3-pointer after Williams had made a 3 of his own. But that changed with exactly two minutes left to play, when Williams picked off an errant pass and threw down a breakaway dunk to give the Jazz a 103-98 lead and the breathing room they desperately needed.  
 A minute later -- after the teams had traded buckets -- Williams swished a wide-open 3-pointer to seal the victory. 
 
 HOT:  While Harden produced a sensational line (12-for-22 from the field and 10-for-10 from the free-throw line), his heroics were matched by Burks, who scored 16 of his 21 points in the second half to help Utah get the win. Burks went 7-for-11 from the field, including 3-for-4 from 3-point range, and shot 4-for-5 from the line. 
 
 NOT: Dwight Howard  had a nondescript game, finishing with 15 points (including eight on dunks that came via alley-oops from Harden) and nine rebounds. He failed to register a single block or steal, and went only 1-for-4 from the free-throw line. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "It was a bad start. [We] came out and had a bad energy level. We just weren't ready to play. They got a big lead. We kind of fought back a few times and tried to take it from them, but they gained a lot of confidence and made some big shots. We could never get our hands back on the game." 
 
 -- Houston coach  Kevin McHale  on his team's sluggish start 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  Houston got a big lift from the duo of  Francisco Garcia  and  Omri Casspi,  who scored 13 points each (along with four blocks by Garcia and two steals by Casspi) in the absence of Parsons. ... Hayward scored 17 points in the first quarter, his career-high for any quarter. ... Utah's  Derrick Favors  didn't miss a shot Monday, hitting 6-for-6 from the field and both of his free throws. He also grabbed a game-high 13 rebounds. ... The loss snapped Houston's five-game winning streak. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Rockets, Wednesday vs. Phoenix, Friday vs. Golden State, Sunday vs. Orlando. For the Jazz, Wednesday vs. Indiana, Friday @ Portland, Saturday vs. Sacramento. 
