
 Grizzlies-Lakers notebook   By Bryan Chu, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday November 3, 2010 2:53AM THE FACTS:  For the second game in a row,  Kobe Bryant  and the rest of the starters kept the bench seats warm in the second half as the Lakers once again blew out their opponent by double digits. After whipping the Warriors by 24 points Sunday, the Lakers handed a 124-105 thumping to the Grizzlies at Staples Center on Tuesday. The Lakers (4-0) are now one of three undefeated teams in the league (the other two: Hawks and Hornets) as they head to Sacramento for the second night of their first back-to-back of the season. Los Angeles' offense has been racking up the points this season, averaging 114.3 points. Against the Grizzlies (2-2), the Lakers led by as many as 29 and were up by a comfortable 73-46 mark at halftime. Memphis, which went on a 19-8 run to start the third quarter, did cut the deficit to 81-65, but that would be the closest it would get. Six Lakers finished in double figures with Bryant scoring a team-high 23 points. For the Grizzlies,  Rudy Gay  had a game-high 30 points, and  Mike Conley  added 16 points and eight assists. QUOTABLE:  "They're a team that's tried and tested ... They've seen everything. They've been through the war. They just adjust to everything."   -- Grizzlies coach  Lionel Hollins  on facing the Lakers. THE STAT:  60.9 -- The percentage the Lakers shot from deep. They sank 14-for-23 from distance. TURNING POINT:  Bryant rattled home three straight 3-pointers late in the second quarter to put the Lakers up by their largest lead of the game, 63-34. HOT:  After being named the Western Conference Player of the Week,  Pau Gasol  recorded his third double-double of the season, tallying 21 points and 13 rebounds. He also held his brother,  Marc Gasol , in check after his nine-point first quarter performance. Marc ended the game with 11 points on 3-for-8 shooting. NOT:  Memphis forward  Darrell Arthur  struggled in what might be his final start in  Zach Randolph 's place. Arthur scored 10 points on 5-for-15 shooting in 34 minutes. Randolph, who missed his third game with a bruised tailbone, told NBA.com he will try to give it a go against the Warriors on Wednesday. Randolph said he is at about 80 percent. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Rudy Gay, who signed a maximum contract extension (five years, $80 million) this offseason, was the only Memphis player to show up. He dropped 30 points on 12-for-18 from the field. Gay has been putting up consistent numbers to start the season, scoring 21-plus points in all four of his games this season. QUOTABLE II:  "Maybe since the very initial group, the 1999-2000 team. We had  (A.C.) Green  with  (Robert) Horry  backing him up. We had  (Rick) Fox  backing up  (Glen) Rice . We had two people at every position that were quality players except  (John) Salley  for  Shaquille (O'Neal) ."   -- Lakers coach  Phil Jackson  on whether this year's team is the best he's ever had in Los Angeles at knowing and accepting their roles. NOTABLE: Lamar Odom  surpassed the 11,000-point career mark by scoring 17 points. He now has 11,004 points ... Outside of Odom, no Laker starter played more than 30 minutes in the game ... The Grizzlies didn't convert their first field goal -- they missed nine straight -- until  O.J. Mayo  made a jumper at the 6:31 mark of the first quarter ... Lakers forward  Matt Barnes  recorded his first double-double of the season with 16 points and 14 rebounds. ... The Lakers have now outscored their last two opponents in the first four minutes of each game by a combined 27-4. UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Wednesday @ Kings, Friday vs. Raptors, Sunday vs. Blazers. For the Grizzlies, Wednesday @ Warriors, Friday @ Suns, Saturday @ Kings. 
