  Spurs-Wizards notebook   By Rich Dubroff, for NBA.com Posted Saturday February 12, 2011 11:58PM THE FACTS:   Tony Parker  and  George Hill  each scored 18 points to lead the San Antonio Spurs to an easy 118-94 win over the Washington Wizards on Saturday. A night after losing badly in Philadelphia, the Spurs quickly established control and scored 72 by halftime. San Antonio, which has an NBA-best 45-9 record, led by as many as 41 and had an easy time against Washington, which lost for the ninth time in 10 games. The Wizards, a frightful 0-25 on the road, try to break their skid in Cleveland on Sunday. They were led by  Cartier Martin  and  Andray Blatche  with 16. QUOTABLE:  "Words can't totally explain how I feel. Disappointed. Embarrassed."   -- Washington coach  Flip Saunders  on his team's performance THE STAT:  On Friday, the Spurs were horrid, scoring just 71 against the Sixers. Against the Wizards, they had 72 points in the first half. TURNING POINT:  Parker scored 10 straight points and stole the ball three times as San Antonio went on a 12-0 run to open a 16-point lead barely eight minutes into the game.  QUOTABLE II:  "Washington played tonight like we did last night...We had nothing last night."   -- San Antonio coach  Gregg Popovich  on the Spurs' turnaround from Friday's lackluster performance HOT:  Hill and Parker, San Antonio's starting backcourt, combined to shoot 12-for-17 from the field. Hill, starting for the first time all season, hit 4-for-5 from the 3-point line. NOT:  The Wizards'  Nick Young  was just 2-for-10 and had three fouls in the first half. He finished with four points. "It was one of those night. I was in the foul trouble early. It took me out of the flow of the game," Young said. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  While the Spurs were terrific, it wasn't a great night for those who have  Tim Duncan . With San Antonio on cruise control, Duncan played just 12 minutes -- his fewest since Dec. 2, 2007 -- and had six points. GOOD MOVE:  Popovich inserting Hill into the starting lineup. He delivered with a hot night. BAD MOVE:  The Wizards showing up. From the early minutes, they looked sluggish and indifferent. "It didn't seem like anybody cared,"  John Wall  said. ROOKIE WATCH:  Wall had eight points, seven assists and four turnovers.  Trevor Booker  had seven points and eight rebounds.  Kevin Seraphin  scored seven points, his high.  Mustafa Shakur , signed to a second 10-day contract because Washington was missing  Rashard Lewis  (sore right knee),  Josh Howard  (sore left knee) and  Al Thornton  (dislocated right middle finger), had two points in six minutes. Gary Neal , the Spurs' rookie guard from nearby Towson (Maryland) University, had 16 points in 30 minutes.  Tiago Splitter  missed his second straight game with a strained left hamstring. INSIDE THE ARENA:  It was the third sellout of the season for the Wizards -- 20,435, and remarkably they hardly booed the home team. "I feel bad from the fans' standpoint. There's 8:40 left in the game; we're down 36 -- and our fans are cheering for them to miss shots," Saunders said with admiration. NOTABLE:  About 30 minutes before the game, the Spurs announced that Hill would start in place of  Manu Ginobili . It was the first time in 54 games San Antonio had changed its starting lineup. Ginobili played just eight minutes -- his fewest this season. "If you start [Ginobili], he's going to have more minutes," Popovich said. "We wanted to bring him off the bench, so if we did need him, he wouldn't have so many minutes." UP NEXT:  For the Spurs, Monday @ Nets, Thursday @ Bulls, Feb. 23 vs. Thunder. For the Wizards, Sunday @ Cavaliers, Wed @ Magic, Feb. 22 vs. Pacers.  