  Pacers-Wizards notebook   By Rich Dubroff, for NBA.com  Posted Tuesday February 22, 2011 11:22PM THE FACTS:   Danny Granger  scored 21 points to lead the Indiana Pacers to a 113-96 win over the Washington Wizards on Tuesday. Granger had 12 points in the third quarter as Indiana outscored Washington 32-19 to take a 22-point lead. Tyler Hansbrough  added 17 points and  Roy Hibbert  had 16 as the Pacers won for the eighth time in 11 games under interim coach  Frank Vogel . For the third time in their last four games, the Wizards were blown out.  Andray Blatche  led Washington with 21.  Nick Young  had 16,  John Wall  nearly had a triple-double with 15 points, 10 assists and eight rebounds. The Wizards have lost 13 of 16. QUOTABLE:  "We get down and gritty. We play hard. We've been getting the rebounds, block shots, step up and protect the paint. No more of this run down the court in the first three seconds and jack up 3s. That's for the birds right there. We're out here trying to win games now."  --  Hibbert on the Pacers' style under Vogel. THE STAT:  The Pacers' bench outscored the Wizards' 48-25 TURNING POINT:  Indiana outscored Washington 15-3 to begin the second half to take a 21-point lead less than five minutes into the third quarter. QUOTABLE II:  "They got some bullies on their team. They played more harder, getting rebounds. We kind of shied away. We've got to get more angry, get more nasty out there."  --  Nick Young on the Pacers' manhandling of the Wizards. HOT:  In the third quarter, Granger hit 5-for-8 from the field,. He also had six of his 10 rebounds then. NOT:  Young missed his first nine field goal attempts, and finished 4-for-15. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Granger averages 21.1 points, and he hit his average. In his last four games, he's averaging 23.5, and seems to enjoy playing for Vogel.. GOOD MOVE:  Vogel putting Hansbrough in. In just under 22 minutes, he had 17 points.. BAD MOVE:   JaVale McGee , fresh off the dunk competition in the All-Star Game, tried vainly to keep up with Hibbert. His coach noticed. "In the first two minutes, I couldn't breathe because [McGee] was taking all the oxygen out of the arena. He was huffing and puffing trying to do it all," Saunders said. "He was struggling to run a little big. I don't know if it was asthma." ROOKIE WATCH:  Besides Wall's near triple-double, center  Kevin Seraphin  had seven points and five fouls in 15 minutes for Washington. Forward  Trevor Booker  had five points and six rebounds. The Wizards' other rookie point guard,  Mustafa Shakur , was released before the game after his second 10-day contract expired. Indiana's  Paul George  had a fine game. The rookie forward had 11 points and nine rebounds. INSIDE THE ARENA:  It was the first night for the double horns at NBA arenas. A new league directive, which went into effect Tuesday, added a warning horn just before the horn that ends timeouts. The attempt to speed games along had little visible affect. With all the fouls, the game lasted 2:21-- very long for a non-competitive contest. NOTABLE:  All 12 Pacers scored, and Indiana committed 22 fouls. The Wizards had 33 - half again as many. UP NEXT:  For the Pacers: Wednesday vs. Pistons, Friday vs. Jazz, Sunday vs. Sun. For the Wizards: Wednesday @ Sixers, Friday @ Heat, Saturday vs. Mavericks  