  Nets-Celtics notebook   By Brian Robb, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday February 16, 2011 11:45PM THE FACTS:  The Boston Celtics fought back from a nine-point deficit in the second half to pull away for a 94-80 victory over the New Jersey Nets.  Paul Pierce  was the aggressor all night for Boston, getting to the free throw line a season-high 13 times on his way to scoring a game-high 31 points. It was Boston's defense however that enabled them to secure the win, as they limited the Nets to just 10 points in the fourth quarter on 12.5 percent shooting. The loss sends New Jersey into the All-Star break with their third straight defeat.  Brook Lopez  led the visitors with 18 points while  Kevin Garnett  had yet another double-double for Boston with 14 points and 10 rebounds. QUOTABLE:  "He's back, because he's a great player and those guys just don't have a lot of back-to-back bad games. He was terrific."  --  Doc Rivers  on Pierce's bounceback effort THE STAT:  The Nets scored just two points in the final six minutes of the contest, as they missed their final 12 field goal attempts thanks to Boston's stifling defense. TURNING POINT:   Ray Allen  hit Boston's first three-pointer of the night with 5:58 remaining in the contest, jumpstarting a 17-2 run down the stretch which allowed the C's to take command and pull away for good. HOT:  Pierce. Coming off a one-point performance Sunday against Miami, the All-Star asserted himself out of the gate Wednesday night. The C's captain made his first four shots of the night and scored 10 points in all during the opening period, helping spot Boston to a 15-point lead in the frame. NOT: Sasha Vujacic.  The midseason acquisition had his second straight subpar game for his new team, posting just four points on two-of-nine shooting in 29 minutes of action. Vujacic did grab five rebounds and dish out five assists in the loss. GOOD MOVE:  After Brook Lopez made the first three shots of the third quarter, the Celtics began to aggressively double team the Nets center. The added pressure took the New Jersey offense out of their rhythm and helped to limit Lopez to just two points over the final 18 minutes of the back and forth affair. ROOKIE WATCH:  With the Celtics shorthanded off the bench,  Luke Harangody  saw action for the first time in three games at the power forward spot. The rookie out of Notre Dame made the most of his opportunity, putting up eight quick points in the second quarter. He finished with eight points, three rebounds, as well as a block and a steal in 14 minutes.  Derrick Favors  drew the start for the Nets but only saw the floor for 19 minutes. His presence was felt on the glass however as he grabbed seven rebounds, (four offensive) while scoring four points. NOTABLE:  The Celtics dressed just ten players for the third straight game.  Delonte West  is scheduled to return to action for the first time since breaking his right wrist next Tuesday in Golden State for Boston.  Travis Outlaw  left the game in the fourth quarter after a hard collision with Harangody. He did not return. The Celtics had a season high 39 free throw attempts and turned the ball over just nine times, five below their season average. New Jersey outscored Boston in the paint 34-28. Boston led by as many as 15 in the first quarter. The Celtics now have 25 wins at home this year, one more than they had all of last season. UP NEXT:  For the Nets, Friday (2/25) @ San Antonio, Saturday @ San Antonio, Monday vs. Phoenix. For the Celtics, Tuesday @ Golden State, Thursday @ Denver, Saturday @ LA Clippers.  