  Timberwolves-Warriors notebook   By Geoff Lepper, for NBA.com Posted Monday March 14, 2011 12:33AM THE FACTS:   Stephen Curry  scored 24 points and added nine rebounds and six assists as the Golden State Warriors snapped  Kevin Love's  53-game double-double streak in a 100-77 victory over the Minnesota Timberwolves on Sunday. Love, who had the longest string of consecutive double-doubles in the NBA since  Elvin Hayes  recorded 55 straight in 1973-74, was held to six points on 1-for-6 shooting and failed to score 10 points for the first time since Nov. 19. The Timberwolves couldn't get Love the ball because they were committing 27 turnovers; that ineptitude helped Golden State hold Minnesota to 36.6 percent shooting and a season-low point total. QUOTABLE:  "It's extremely impressive. You just look at how long it's been, and you know he's a part of every opposing team's game plan. It's not like it's been easy for him. It's been very, very difficult to get those numbers, night in and night out. ....That was an incredible run, but there's no reason to think that he's not going to start another one."   -- Timberwolves coach  Kurt Rambis  on the end of Love's streak THE STAT:  Golden State turned Minnesota's 27 turnovers into 33 points, and both numbers represented season-bests for the Warriors.  Darko Milicic  had six turnovers in just 19 minutes, and point guard  Luke Ridnour  added five more as the Timberwolves watched their attack misfire time and again. TURNING POINT:  Minnesota threw the ball around like beads from a Mardi Gras float for much of the night, but never more so than in the first 6:09 of the second half, when the Timberwolves scored only two points -- a pair of  Michael Beasley  free throws -- against seven missed shots and six turnovers. The Warriors turned that largesse into a 13-2 run that salted the game away. HOT:   Lou Amundson , a non-factor for much of the season in Golden State due to injuries, had his second double-digit game in a week, providing 11 points and seven assists off the bench. NOT:  Love torched the Warriors for 37 points and 23 rebounds in their last previous meeting, on Feb. 27. But Golden State made sure he was a non-factor Sunday, with  David Lee  doing a good job fronting him to prevent entry passes in the post and Minnesota's haphazard offensive performance short-circuiting several screen-and-roll situations. QUOTABLE II:  "Now I can start focusing on just playing my game. I was still doing it for myself, but a lot of it was for the fans and everybody that wanted to watch me get those double-doubles. I feel a big weight off my shoulders. I'm pretty happy with what I did. I don't think we should look at it as, 'The streak came to an end.' For me, it's a time to reflect on what I did well."   -- Love ROOKIE WATCH:   Wesley Johnson's  shooting struggles continue. Since Jan. 1, Johnson is 104-for-286 from the floor (36.4 percent), and Sunday's 1-for-9 mark didn't help. Johnson ended up playing only 22 minutes, as  Martell Webster  (16 points in 27 minutes) continues to eat into his playing time. NOTABLE:  Warriors rookie  Ekpe Udoh  had a career-high five blocks. ... Recently acquired Golden State forward  Al Thornton  staked his claim to move past bench scorer  Reggie Williams  in coach  Keith Smart's  rotation, dropping eight points in 19 minutes. Williams had four points in nine minutes, mostly garbage time. ... Minnesota forward  Anthony Randolph , the Warriors' first-round selection in 2008, made his first appearance as an opponent in Oracle Arena and finished with eight points and four fouls in 20 minutes. UP NEXT:  For the Timberwolves, Wednesday @ Utah, Friday @ Lakers, Sunday vs. Sacramento. For the Warriors, Monday @ Sacramento, Wednesday vs. Dallas, Friday @ Phoenix.  