  Notebook: Sixers 105, Bobcats 80 Posted Monday March 19, 2012 10:11PM By Derek S. Smith, for NBA.com THE FACTS:   Jrue Holiday  and  Thaddeus Young  each scored 20 points as the Philadelphia 76ers snapped a three-game losing streak with a 105-80 victory over the Charlotte Bobcats Monday night  at Time Warner Cable Arena.  Gerald Henderson  led the Bobcats, who are still looking for back-to-back wins, with 14 points. QUOTABLE:  "I've been going out more aggressive and trying to get everyone in gear out there. Hopefully everyone gets in line with me and we can take care of things out there."   - Sixers guard Holiday THE STAT:  The third quarter is where the teams separated themselves from one another and the stat was shooting. For the quarter Charlotte made six of its 22 shots for a 27.3 percent clip while the Sixers offense converted 14 of its 23 shots (60.9 percentage). The Sixers outscored Charlotte 30-19 in the third and took a lead it never relinquished. TURNING POINT:   Doug Collins  pulled  Evan Turner  from the court after a bad pass early in the third quarter and replaced him with  Jodie Meeks . The change sparked the Sixers and changed the direction of the game. Meeks entered the game with the Sixers holding a 50-48 edge. Philadelphia outscored Charlotte 8-0 over the next few minutes to take a 10-point lead and never looked back. QUOTABLE II:  "It was a big win out there for us especially since we've lost the last three games. It gives us confidence to play well against these upcoming games against our division."   - Sixers guard Holiday HOT:   Lou Williams  and Young. The Sixers top reserves had struggled of late but both had strong performances against Charlotte on Monday. Williams had 19 points on 8-for-12 shooting including making all 3 of his three point attempts while adding five assists. Young tied for top scoring honors with 20 points and grabbed six boards, swatted two shots and dished out two assists. They helped the Sixers bench outscore Charlotte's bench 47-38. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Holiday led the Sixers with 20 points in Monday night's win over Charlotte. In addition to the points, Holiday added six assists, four rebounds and a blocked shot. He also scored 30 points in the loss to Chicago on St. Patrick's Day. His two-game average is 25.0 points, 4.5 rebounds, 5.5 assists, 0.5 blocks and 0.5 steals. INSIDE THE ARENA:  NASCAR driver  Denny Hamlin  was in attendance at Time Warner Cable Arena. Hamlin is a season ticket holder. ROOKIE WATCH:  Charlotte's  Kemba Walker  had 13 points and five assists while fellow rookie  Bismack Biyombo  had just two points, but grabbed nine boards while adding a blocked shot. NOTABLE:  The Bobcats are now 0-10 against the NBA's current division leaders. ...  Henderson recorded his fifth straight game in double figures. ... Holiday scored 20-plus points for the eighth time this season while Young scored 20-plus for the sixth time this season. ...  Spencer Hawes  had his seventh double-double this season with a 13-point, 11-rebound performance. ... The Sixers are now 12-2 when scoring 100 or more points this season, 21-6 when holding opponents below 90 and 9-1 when shooting better than 50 percent or better. ... Philly averages a league low 10.8 turnovers per game and committed just 10 against Charlotte. UP NEXT:  For the Sixers, Wednesday vs. New York, Friday vs. Boston, Sunday @ San Antonio. For the Bobcats, Friday vs. Milwaukee, Saturday@ New Jersey, Monday vs. Boston.  