Notebook: Hornets 102, Bucks 81 
 
 
 Bradley Handwerger, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Mon Dec 03, 2012 11:22 PM - Updated Mon Dec 03, 2012 11:22 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:  The New Orleans Hornets broke a two-game slide and won for only the second time in 11 games, defeating the Milwaukee Bucks 102-81 Monday night. 
 While  Ryan Anderson  paced the Hornets (5-11) with 22 points and seven rebounds, it was  Robin Lopez  who guided New Orleans back into the win column, matching his season high with 21 points on 80 percent shooting. His one-man 11-point run in the middle of the third quarter was all New Orleans needed. 
 The Bucks (8-8) didn't help matter, turning the ball over 16 times, which the Hornets turned in 27 points, while shooting only 38.3 percent.  
 
 Brandon Jennings  (25 points) and  Monta Ellis  (17) did all they could for the Bucks, but they got little help. Milwaukee's three other starters combined for just 11 points. 
 Meanwhile, the Hornets hit more than 50 percent of their shots and were perfect from the free-throw line.  Greivis Vasquez  had 11 points and nine assists for New Orleans, which was led off the bench by  Jason Smith's  12 points. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "Anybody who has seen us play knows that when we're really moving the ball around, we're really hard to guard. When we start dribbling too much, we get in trouble. It seemed like we dribbled into crowds tonight and had trouble getting out of crowds, turned it over, they went down and made shots and usually you're not going to give a team 27 points off of turnovers and come out and win a game."  --  Milwaukee coach  Scott Skiles  on if he thought his team was too rushed against New Orleans. 
 
 
 THE STAT:  48-34 -- The Hornets outscored the Bucks by 14 points in the paint and New Orleans did it without  Anthony Davis , who remains out with a stress reaction in his left ankle. When New Orleans took over the game in the second half, it was largely from the inside. The Hornets were more aggressive, something the players said coach  Monty Williams  has impressed upon them time and again. In the third and four quarters, the Hornets outrebounded the Bucks 21-15 and were in the paint for easy baskets throughout. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Down by two less than four minutes into the third quarter, the Hornets did what they haven't been able to do for much of the season -- got hot. The run was keyed by Lopez, who used his 7-foot, 255-pound frame to continually get to the free-throw line or near the basket.  After  Al-Farouq   Aminu  tied the game on a dunk, Lopez scored the next 11 points on a 13-0 New Orleans run. The Hornets took a 71-60 lead and never trailed again. 
 
 NOT:  Milwaukee's starters couldn't find the basket Monday night. Though Jennings finished with 25 points, he was only 10 of 23. Ellis was better at 5 of 12 but the rest of the starting five went a combined 4 of 15. 
 
 NOTABLE:  New Orleans' win was its 11th straight at home against Milwaukee. ... Anderson's 22 points led the Hornets and marked the seventh time in 16 games he has done that. ... Milwaukee's 19 offensive rebounds were the most by a Hornets opponent this season. ... Milwaukee's  Luc Mbah Moute  scored seven points and had eight rebounds in his second game back from offseason right knee surgery. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Hornets, Wednesday vs. Lakers, Friday vs Memphis, Saturday @ Miami. For the Bucks, Wednesday @ San Antonio, Friday vs. Charlotte, Sunday @ Brooklyn. 
