
 Clippers-Warriors notebook   By Geoff Lepper, for NBA.com Posted Saturday January 15, 2011 1:57AM THE FACTS:   Monta Ellis  scored 30 points and added six assists to help the Golden State Warriors pull away in the final four minutes for a 122-112 victory against the Los Angeles Clippers on Friday. Five other Warriors reached double-digits in scoring, highlighted by  Stephen Curry 's 23 points.  Blake Griffin  had 28 points, 13 rebounds and three assists for the Clippers, who saw their three-game winning streak come to an end. THE STAT:  10-0. The Warriors reeled off 10 unanswered points down the stretch to put the game away, a run that featured three Clippers turnovers and a missed 7-footer by Griffin, who was getting double- and triple-teamed whenever he touched the ball late. It was the first sign of defense all night in a game where the teams shot a combined 52.7 percent from the floor, and it was enough to put the Warriors over the top. QUOTABLE:  "Our guys [who] went to double-team Blake, they were real aggressive. . . . When you're aggressive, you put panic on a player, especially a young player like that."    -- Warriors coach  Keith Smart , on stifling Griffin in the final minutes. TURNING POINT:  Smart doesn't like to play small ball -- a game plan which often requires the use of  Vladimir Radmanovic  as a power forward -- but he was forced into it when center  Andris Biedrins  fouled out with 3:58 remaining. Radmanovic came on at the 4 with the score tied at 106, and immediately drained a pair of 3-pointers to give the Warriors a lead they wouldn't relinquish. GOOD MOVE:  After watching  Kobe Bryant  tear apart Ellis for 17 fourth-quarter points as the Lakers roared back for a 115-110 victory Wednesday, Warriors coach Keith Smart made sure that didn't happen again Friday, pairing Ellis with  Dorell Wright , his best perimeter defender, for most of the final 4:03. The Warriors, who led by only two points when Wright came on, assumed command with a defense-fueled 10-2 run, featuring Wright getting a block on Griffin as the shot clock expired with 2:40 left. QUOTABLE II:  "That is very, very, very, very, very difficult. . . . It was a tough call. And if our team is a team, it shouldn't bother anyone."    -- Smart, on pulling Curry down the stretch BAD MOVE:  Clippers coach  Vinny Del Negro  tried to squeeze 9:32 out of  Randy Foye , whose mediocre line in the boxscore -- 0-for-1 shooting, two points, two assists, two turnovers -- belied how poor his game really was. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Smart's decision regarding bringing Wright into the game as a guard was made easier by the fact that swingman  Reggie Williams , who missed his first game of the season Wednesday with a sore Achilles tendon, came back with his best game in nearly a month. Williams finished with 16 points, four rebounds and four assists, allowing Smart to get Ellis -- the NBA's minutes leader -- some rest. Ellis played just 31:52 Friday. HOT:   Ike Diogu , who flamed out badly with the Warriors after being selected ninth in the 2005 draft, had one of the best 5-minute stretches of his life in the first quarter. With center  DeAndre Jordan  sidelined by two quick fouls, Diogu came on and knocked down four quick shots for a nine-point quarter. He finished with a season-high 13 points. NOT:   Baron Davis , another ex-Warrior of some repute, shot 6-for-15 and coughed up 4 turnovers in a particularly uninspired performance -- an especially disappointing result in light of his recent successful play. NOTABLE:  Warriors GM  Larry Riley  is fielding trade offers, but due to the murky future of the league's collective bargaining agreement, he's finding his $19 million worth of expiring contracts draw less interest than they would have in past years. "You've not going to trade the bottom of your roster for a star," Riley told NBA.com. "Sometimes that gets done because of expiring contracts, and the value that they have. But if they don't have the same value, you're not going to accomplish that." . . . Griffin carded his 25th double-double in a row, and had his 14th consecutive game with at least 20 points and 10 rebounds. . . . It was Ellis' 11th game with at least 30 points. . . .  Eric Gordon  had 28 points and seven assists. . . . The Clippers' 68 points in the paint were a season-high for them, and a season-worst for the Warriors in terms of PIP allowed. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Sunday vs. Lakers, Monday vs. Indiana, Wednesday vs. Minnesota. For the Warriors, Monday vs. New Jersey, Wednesday vs. Indiana, Friday vs. Sacramento. 
