Notebook: Heat 104, Hawks 88 
 
 
 Zachary Paul, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Nov 19, 2013 11:06 PM - Updated Tue Nov 19, 2013 11:06 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Heat have now won eight of the last nine against the Hawks, including five straight.    
 
 THE LEAD:  Even though they weren't at full strength, the Miami Heat had no problem making easy work of the Atlanta Hawks.  
 The Heat, playing without  Dwyane Wade , had four players score in double-figures in a 104-88 victory Tuesday at AmericanAirlines Arena. Center  Chris Bosh  finished with a team-high 19 points on 8-for-9 shooting. Guard  Ray Allen  had 17 points off the bench and  Mario Chalmers  returned from a one-game suspension to score 14 points.  
 Wade sat because he was experiencing knee pain after playing both games of a back-to-back last weekend. He is expected to travel for Wednesday's game at Orlando, but the Heat are beginning to show they can win games in which he rests. They are 1-1 in games without Wade this season, losing to the 76ers on Oct. 30.  
 This time, the Heat were up to the challenge. Miami led by just three at halftime before breaking things open at the start of the third quarter. The Heat shot 50 percent from the field while keeping a short-handed Hawks team in check defensively. Atlanta was playing without forward  Paul Millsap , who was a late scratch because of tendinitis in his elbow.  
 The Hawks were led by  Mike Scott 's 15 points.   
 
 QUOTABLE:  "The depth is important. Understanding how we play. Making sure we get to our identity. As long as it's the right fit there and guys are committed to getting off to a good start, our guys feel comfortable there."  
 
 -- Heat coach  Erik Spoelstra   
 
 
 THE STAT: LeBron James , who finished with 13 points, shot under 50 percent (6-for-13) for just the second time this season. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Chalmers went on a 9-0 run midway through the third quarter, pushing the Heat's lead from five to 14 points. Before that point, Chalmers had been 1-for-4 from the field. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "Give the Miami Heat and their defense a lot of credit. Their activity can make it difficult on you offensively. We turned the ball over too many times to stay in the game." 
 
 -- Hawks coach  Mike Budenholzer 
 
 
 HOT:  Every now and then, Bosh likes to prove he can still play as a No. 1 scoring option. Bosh was exactly that for Miami in the first half with James somewhat struggling from the field. It was Bosh who kept things afloat in the early stages. 
 
 NOT: Jeff Teague  entered averaging 19 points and nine assists for the Hawks, but was a non-factor for the most part. He struggled from the field and also defending Chalmers. The only positive for Teague was he was able to set up teammates on occasion.  
 
 GOOD MOVE:  The fans probably wanted to see Wade, but they should remember games like this come playoff time. Wade admitted Monday playing the second game of a back-to-back this early wasn't the best of decisions. The Heat would rather sit him now so he's healthiest down the stretch. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  After a strong start, the Hawks came out flat in the third quarter. That proved the difference, with the Heat taking control. Atlanta played itself out of a potential upset with its lackluster start to the second half. 
 
 NOTABLE:  The Hawks were without Millsap, who sat with a sore right elbow.  Gustavo Ayon  started in place of Millsap. ... Hawks guard  Kyle Korver  has made a 3-pointer in 84 straight games, the second longest streak in NBA history. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Wednesday @ Orlando, Saturday vs. Orlando, Monday vs. Phoenix. For the Hawks, Wednesday vs. Detroit, Friday @ Detroit, Saturday vs. Boston. 
