
 Hawks-Grizzlies notebook   By Marlon W. Morgan, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday October 27, 2010 11:56PM THE FACTS:  The Grizzlies began their 10th season in Memphis the same way they did the previous nine -- with a loss. Already playing without injured center  Marc Gasol , who was out with a sprained ankle, the Grizzlies lost All-Star forward  Zach Randolph  to a lower back contusion in the first half, helping pave the way for Atlanta's 119-104 victory. The Hawks, playing with their new motion offense under first-year coach  Larry Drew , had six players score in double figures. QUOTABLE:  "With the offense coach Drew has put in, I got so many wide-open looks. I just didn't make a lot of shots, but I was able to get to the line and kind of make up for it. At times, I was a little bit too excited. But I'm not worried about that. For me to not have a great shooting night and us to win the way we won tonight, it was perfect. -- Atlanta guard  Joe Johnson , who scored 22 points, but made just 6 of 16 shots. THE STAT:  Atlanta's bench outscored the Grizzlies' bench, 50-28, led by backup center  Zaza Pachulia , who finished with 17 points to go along with 11 rebounds. The bench came up particularly big late in the third quarter. After the Grizzlies cut the Hawks' lead to 79-75, Atlanta responded with a 12-0 run, giving it a 91-75 lead heading into the final quarter. TURNING POINT:  As was the case last season, Atlanta already was a difficult matchup for the Grizzlies going into the game. But when Randolph was fouled by  Al Horford  with 8:33 remaining in the first quarter, sending him crashing to the floor in obvious pain, the Grizzlies were in trouble. Randolph tried to play through the pain in the second, but was ineffective and did not return after halftime. He finished with four points and two boards in just over 15 minutes. HOT:  Pachulia came into the game in the first quarter when Horford picked up his second foul and immediately made his presence known. By halftime, he scored 13 points and pulled down nine rebounds. NOT:  Unfortunately for the Grizzlies, second-year center  Hasheem Thabeet  was no match for Pachulia. Not only couldn't Thabeet stop Pachulia defensively, offensively he missed all four of his shot attempts and had just three rebounds in 18 minutes. QUOTABLE II:  "It's huge. I've been thinking about this for a long time. ... This is my first one (victory), so I've got to enjoy it." -- Atlanta coach Larry Drew on winning his fist game as head coach. NOTABLE:  The last time the Grizzlies won a season opener was Oct. 31, 2000 when they beat Seattle, 94-88, in their final season in Vancouver. Meanwhile, Atlanta has won four straight openers, matching Boston for the league's longest active streak. UP NEXT:  For the Hawks, Friday @ Philadelphia, Saturday vs. Washington, Tuesday @ Cleveland. For the Grizzlies, Friday @ Dallas, Saturday vs. Minnesota, Tuesday @ L.A. Lakers. 
