  Heat-Clippers notebook   By Dan Arritt, for NBA.com Posted Thursday January 13, 2011 2:50AM THE FACTS:  Turns out the Los Angeles Clippers have a Big 3 as well.  Eric Gordon ,  Blake Griffin  and  Baron Davis  each scored at least 20 points Wednesday night and the Clippers ended the Miami Heat's 13-game road winning streak with a 111-105 victory at Staples Center. QUOTABLE:  "We're happy about it, but by no means have we accomplished anything yet. It's important to see the season has its highs and lows."   -- Griffin THE STAT:  Griffin, who battled back spasms in the second half, continues to string together impressive double-doubles for the Clippers. He finished with 24 points and 14 rebounds, his 24th consecutive game with double digits in points and rebounds and 13th straight with at least 20 points and 10 rebounds. TURNING POINT:  The Clippers made 14 of their first 17 field-goal attempts and led by 21 points in the second quarter, but the Heat chipped away and pulled within two on a 3-pointer by  Mario Chalmers  with 5:52 remaining. Griffin scored on a bank shot and  Dwyane Wade  and  LeBron James  then missed wide open baseline 3-point attempts on consecutive possessions. The Clippers stretched the lead back to eight on a fast-break layup by Davis and a baseline dunk by Griffin and the Heat could not get the deficit back to a one-possession game. QUOTABLE II:  "We just needed to make sure we stayed together. Anytime you have a lapse on offense, you stick to what's going right."   -- Griffin, on the Heat's fourth-quarter surge HOT:  Davis scored a season-high 20 points and dished out nine assists. Davis, who was ridiculed for coming into camp out of shape and ended up missing nearly the whole month of November nursing a sore knee, is averaging 17 points and 8.2 assists in his last four games. NOT:  The Clippers came in last in the league in free-throw shooting and that nearly became their Achilles' heel against the Heat. They shot 21-for-34 from the line and missed four in the final 34.1 seconds. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  The Big Three for Miami played well, but not well enough. Wade scored 31 points, James had 27 points, eight rebounds and six assists and  Chris Bosh  finished with 26 points and 13 rebounds. They were a combined 29-for-63 from the field. GOOD MOVE:  Clippers center  DeAndre Jordan  got into foul trouble in the first and third quarters, but  Ike Diogu  filled in nicely, producing seven points and four rebounds in 19 minutes of play. BAD MOVE:  The Heat were not prepared for the Clippers' athleticism out of the gate. Los Angeles shot 77.3 percent from the floor in the opening quarter and outscored Miami 44-26, their highest-scoring quarter and best shooting quarter of the season. The Clippers scored on four dazzling dunks in the first 7 1/2 minutes, which helped get the crowd into the game early. ROOKIE WATCH: Al-Farouq Aminu  and  Eric Bledsoe  provided sparks off the bench for the Clippers. Aminu scored nine points on 4-for-4 shooting and Bledsoe had three points, four assists and two blocked shots, including one on James as he drove to the basket late in the third quarter. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Singers  Rihanna ,  Common  and  Tank  were in attendance, as well as actor  Billy Crystal , actress  Jessica Alba , actress/producer/director  Penny Marshall , San Diego Chargers linebacker  Shaun Phillips  and women's basketball players  Lisa Leslie  and  Tina Thompson . NOTABLE:  The Heat were 18-2 coming into the game when they scored 100 points or more. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Friday @ Golden State, Sunday vs. L.A. Lakers, Monday vs. Indiana. For the Heat, Thursday @ Denver, Saturday @ Chicago, Tuesday vs. Atlanta.  