  Hornets-Kings notebook   By Jimmy Spencer, for NBA.com Posted Sunday January 30, 2011 1:26AM THE FACTS:   DeMarcus Cousins  scored a game-high 25 points as the Sacramento Kings won consecutive games for only the second time all season with a 102-96 home victory against the New Orleans Hornets on Saturday night. The night after knocking off the Lakers in Los Angeles, the Kings snapped the Hornets' 10-game winning streak. QUOTABLE:  "It was just complacency, no sense of urgency at all. You hate to say that and speak in generalities because it wasn't everybody. ... I just thought we had this mindset that we were just going to win 11 [consecutive] by showing up. Obviously that didn't happen."    -- Hornets coach  Monty Williams THE STAT:  The Kings outscored the Hornets 52-30 in the paint. TURNING POINT:  It was a moment emblematic of the entire night for Sacramento, as the Kings simply outplayed the Hornets inside. Under the one minute mark, and leading by just two points, Sacramento tallied three consecutive offensive rebounds, ending with  Samuel Dalembert 's tip-in to give the Kings a 98-94 lead with 53.4 seconds remaining. ROOKIE WATCH:  Cousins led that inside game and continues to prove his worth as a top draft pick for Sacramento. The No. 5 overall pick dropped 25 points on 11-for-22 shooting, while tallying 12 rebounds and a career-high seven assists. The performance followed his 27 points and 10 rebounds in the road victory against the Lakers on Friday. Cousins entered the night averaging 16.7 points and 7.5 rebounds per game in January and he has scored double figures in four of his last five games. INSIDE THE ARENA:  New Orleans star guard  Chris Paul  knocked Sacramento guard  Beno Udrih  to the ground with a hard foul with 31.4 seconds left in the game. Coming to his guard's defense, Cousins approached Paul to confront him about the play. QUOTABLE II:  "Basically just 'clean it up, man.' I know I am a rookie but I can't sit there and let him hurt my point guard. Just being a teammate. ... It's nothing against Chris Paul, I'm just being a teammate. I go to battle with these guys every night and if we've got to take it that way, we've got to go. I'm just having my teammate's back."    -- On what Cousins told Paul after the foul HOT:  The Kings have won three of their last four games and won back-to-back games for the first time since the opening week of the season when they won at Cleveland and home against Toronto. After knocking off two of the Western Conference's powers, the upcoming schedule won't get any easier for the Kings. The Kings will go on to face the following teams at home: Boston Celtics, San Antonio Spurs, Utah Jazz, Dallas Mavericks and Oklahoma City Thunder. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:   Tyreke Evans ' minutes suffered tonight due to foul trouble, but his stats held strong. Evans scored 18 points on an efficient 8-for-13 shooting and added six assists. Sacramento's leading scorer picked up his fourth and fifth personal fouls in the opening minutes of the third quarter. Evans entered back into the game at the 10:29 mark in the fourth quarter. NOTABLE:   Jason Thompson  suffered a sprained right ankle and is day-to-day. ... New Orleans had made a habit of coming from behind during its 10-game winning streak. The Hornets trailed by as many as 17 points on Saturday night before nearly completing a comeback, drawing to within two points late. During their winning streak, the Hornets had the following comeback victories: trailed Oklahoma City by 15 (Jan. 24), trailed Memphis by 15 (Jan. 19) and trailed Houston by 16 points (Jan. 14). UP NEXT:  For the Hornets, Sunday at Phoenix, Tuesday vs. Washington, Wednesday at Oklahoma City. For the Kings, Tuesday vs. Boston, Friday vs. San Antonio, Monday vs. Utah.  