  Notebook: Kings 114, Bobcats 88 Posted Sunday April 22, 2012 8:59PM By Derek S. Smith, for NBA.com THE FACTS: DeMarcus Cousins  had 29 points and 10 rebounds while  Tyreke Evans  added 22 points as the Sacramento Kings dominated the Charlotte Bobcats leading wire-to-wire as the picked up a 114-88 win Sunday evening at Time Warner Cable Arena. The Bobcats franchise-record losing streak now stands at 20 games. QUOTABLE:  "I wanted to be aggressive and get out there early. We knew we needed to set the tone early and not let them have a chance. I just wanted to keep the energy up and not let them in the game."  --  Sacramento guard Evans. THE STATS:  Points in the paint. The Sacramento Kings dominated the interior against Charlotte Sunday. The Kings scored 78 in the paint and at one point had 70 points in the paint while the Bobcats had just 71 points total. TURNING POINT:  Third Quarter Run. Charlotte pulled to within 11 points at 61-50 early in the third quarter however the Kings would not let them get any closer. Evans jump started a run with a driving layup and finished that 14-2 run with 5:59 to play on another driving layup. HOT:  Evans. The Kings guard scored 22 points on 10-of-11 shooting. He added three assists, three rebounds and two steals for Sacramento. The Bobcats were unable to contain Evans offensively as he scored those points in just 25 minutes of play. NOT: Gerald Henderson  had only nine points on 3-of-11 shooting for the Bobcats after scoring a career-high 32 points Friday night. Henderson was also credited with three turnovers and covered Evans for much of the game defensively. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Sacramento power forward  Jason Thompson  was three assists shy of a triple double. Thompson had 14 points on 6-of-8 shooting from the floor and added 11 boards and seven assists. He also had five steals and a blocked shot for the Kings. It was his 14th double-double of the season INSIDE THE ARENA:  Former Charlotte Hornet and Boston Celtic player  Robert Parish  was in attendance Sunday evening. The Bobcats also hosted a snakerhead event prior to the game which was hosted by  Greg Street . Charlotte's dance team, the  Lady Cats , had a Jr. Lady Cat event which featured almost 100 youngsters dancing with the Lady Cats at the half. BAD MOVE:  Cousins picked up a technical foul at the 9:26 mark of the second quarter. That technical was the 15th of the season on Cousins and will force him to miss the team's final road game on Tuesday at Oklahoma City. ROOKIE WATCH:  There were a bevy of strong rookie performances at the Cable Box tonight.  Kemba Walker  and  Isaiah Thomas  battled each other as opposing starting point guards with Walker picking up a double-double with 13 points and 11 assists while Thomas netted 10 points.  Jimmer Fredette  had 11 points off the bench while Charlotte's  Bismack Biyombo  had eight points and six rebounds. NOTABLE:  Charlotte is just 7-55 and only four losses from setting the NBA mark for futility in a season by winning percentage. That mark is .109, set by the 1972-73 Philadelphia 76ers with a 9-73 record. If the Bobcats lose out, they'll finish the season with a winning percentage of .106. The Bobcats need just one win to keep from setting that mark ...  Derrick Brown  has scored in double figures in nine of the last 13 games for Charlotte ... The Bobcats are averaging 80.9 points in the 17 games that  D.J. Augustin  has missed due to injury ... Walker had his first double-double of the season with 13 points and 11 rebounds ...  Tyrus Thomas  came off the bench to score 10 points for Charlotte. It was his first double-digit scoring output since March 31 ... Charlotte center  DeSagana Diop  scored his first four points since March 4 ... This was the first win over Charlotte by Sacramento since February 22, 2008 ... Isaiah Thomas has 38 assists and five turnovers in the last six games ... It was the 35th double-double of the year for Cousins ... the Kings lead the lead in points allowed, but are 13-9 when holding teams under the century mark. UP NEXT:  For the Kings, Tuesday at Oklahoma City, Thursday vs. Lakers. For the Bobcats, Monday at Washington, Wednesday at Orlando, Thursday vs. New York.  