  Thunder-Jazz notebook   By Andrew Aragon, for NBA.com Posted Sunday February 6, 2011 12:40AM THE FACTS: Russell Westbrook  had 33 points and 10 assists as the Oklahoma City Thunder beat the Utah Jazz on their home floor for the second time this season on Saturday night. Kevin Durant  had 21 points and  Jeff Green  scored 20 points for the Thunder, who have won five of their last six games. Westbrook made a career-high four 3-pointers. The Jazz wasted an outstanding night for  Paul Millsap , who had 34 points, 10 rebounds and six assists. QUOTABLE:  "Russell was phenomenal from the 3-point line. He was unconscious. (It was) something we don't get to see too much from because he doesn't shoot them."   -- Thunder forward Durant on Westbrook making all of his four 3-point attempts against Utah. THE STAT:  73.7. Both teams torched the nets for a quarter in the first half. First, the Jazz, who made their first 11 shots, sank 73.7 percent (14-for-19) of their attempts in the first quarter. The Thunder attempted and made the same number of shots in the second quarter, and obviously were able to make their big quarter hold up. TURNING POINT:  The Thunder had to dig themselves out of a big hole after Utah made its first 11 shots -- and they did just that. Oklahoma City made its last five shots of the second quarter and took the lead for good when Green converted a three-point play to make it 57-56. After Westbrook made a layup, Green had another three-point play to give the Thunder a 62-57 lead at halftime. Oklahoma City gradually pulled away in the third quarter. QUOTABLE II:  "'Oh no, we're in trouble. They were making every shot. We were helping them make a lot of those shots. We weren't defending anybody and we clamped down in the second quarter."   -- Thunder coach  Scott Brooks  on his reaction to Utah's fast start. HOT:  Former Jazzman  Eric Maynor  came off the bench to score 10 points on 4-for-4 shooting for the Thunder in the first half. Green shot 8-for-9. Oklahoma City shot 61.9 percent from 3-point range. For the Jazz, Millsap shot 15-for-20, and  Raja Bell  continues to put a shooting slump behind him. He shot 5-for-8 and scored 14 points. NOT: C.J. Miles  shot 2-for-11 for the Jazz. For the Thunder,  Nick Collison  shot 1-for-4. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Foul trouble plagued Westbrook in a subpar performance against the Hornets earlier in the week. He responded with two monster games. On Friday, he had 19 points, 11 assists and seven rebounds in a win over the Suns. Against the Jazz, he shot a good percentage (66.7) to go along with his 33 points and 10 assists. It was his 25th double-double of the season. GOOD MOVE:  Brooks seemed to have the right defensive scheme and substitution whenever his team needed it. When he put Maynor in during the first half, the second-year guard sparked the Thunder. He hit back-to-back 3-pointers to cap a 12-0 run. BAD MOVE:  The Jazz got away from their offense after the first quarter. They played too much one-on-one basketball, and stopped moving the ball as effectively as they did in the first quarter. Utah had 10 assists in the first quarter, and just 17 the rest of the way. ROOKIE WATCH:   Gordon Hayward  made his 10th start of the season for the Jazz, and had six points, two assists, one steal and one rebound in 24-plus minutes.  Jeremy Evans  played a little more than five minutes for Utah and had two points. NOTABLE:  Millsap had his fourth 30-point game of the season. The Jazz were the first NBA team to start a game shooting 11-for-11 this season. The Thunder bench outscored Utah's 33-16. Oklahoma had three more assists than Utah, and the Jazz are now 2-17 when their opponent has more assists. UP NEXT:  For the Thunder, Tuesday vs. Memphis, Saturday @ Sacramento, Sunday @ Golden State. For the Jazz, Monday @ Sacramento, Wednesday vs. Chicago, Friday vs. Phoenix.  