Notebook: Rockets 119, Kings 98 
 
 
 Matt Miller, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Jan 22, 2014 11:53 PM - Updated Wed Jan 22, 2014 11:53 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Sacramento Kings missed another opportunity to record their first road winning streak of the season, falling to 0-6 in road games that follow a victory away from home.  
 
 THE LEAD: Dwight Howard  scored 26 points and grabbed 13 rebounds, and  James Harden  finished with 24 points and nine assists as the Houston Rockets rolled past suddenly injury-riddled Sacramento 119-98 on Wednesday at Toyota Center.  
 
 Chandler Parsons  added 19 points and 10 boards for Houston (29-15), which has won three games in a row overall and five of six at home.  
 
 Isaiah Thomas  paced the Kings with 20 points and six assists, while  Derrick Williams  contributed a double-double of 22 points and 11 rebounds off the bench. The greater loss for Sacramento (15-26), however, was the departure of their top two players because of injuries. Forward  Rudy Gay  left the game midway through the first quarter after hurting his left Achilles, and center  DeMarcus Cousins  sprained his left ankle when he tripped over Houston guard  Jeremy Lin  during the second quarter. Team officials labeled Cousins' status as day-to-day, but they will know more after Cousins undergoes further examination Thursday in California. Gay could be out a little longer than his teammate, although his injury is not considered serious enough to potentially end his season.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We wanted to come out and be aggressive from the jump and hit them first. ... James was being very aggressive getting to the basket, so they had to make a decision to let him drive down the lane or stay home with me. It worked both ways." 
 -- Dwight Howard  
 
 
 THE STAT:  Sacramento showed clear signs of fatigue while wrapping up a six-game road trip, allowing the Rockets to race to 29 fast-break points and outwork it on the glass for 14 offensive rebounds and a season-best 25 second-chance points.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  With Cousins and Gay sidelined, the Kings kept their composure and managed to stay within striking distance through the first half. The wheels fell off for Sacramento early in the second half, though. After the Kings scored the first basket of the third quarter, the Rockets stopped Sacramento on four consecutive possessions while scoring on four of five trips up the floor during a 10-0 run that stretched Houston's lead to 65-46.   
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We won't know until tomorrow ... as to the severity of those injuries [to Cousins and Gay]. ... We got out butts kicked tonight, and we're a no-excuse team. Whether Rudy and DeMarcus plays, the fact that we guarded no one tonight has nothing to do with them not being able to play in the second half." 
 -- Kings coach  Michael Malone 
 
 
 HOT:  Howard took charge shortly after Cousins' exit, netting 12 points on 5-for-6 shooting in the second period. The 6-foot-11 center has posted three consecutive 20-point, 10-rebound performances and is averaging 23.3 points on 69.2 percent (27-for-39) shooting and 13.0 boards over his last three outings.   
 
 NOT:  Sacramento fell to 1-23 this season when its opponent shoots a higher percentage from the field and 1-13 when it scores less than 100 points.   
 
 GOOD MOVE:  The Rockets challenged the Kings to defend the interior in relentless fashion, and Sacramento was unable to respond. Fueled by the combination of dribble-penetration, crisp ball movement and Howard's dominance, Houston finished with a season high-tying 66 points in the paint and attempted 40 free throws.  
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "Our ball movement has been a lot better. We've been throwing the ball ahead and playing more unselfish. It's so much easier for us when we do that, and it just opens up so much space to operate." 
 -- Chandler Parsons 
 
 
 BAD MOVE:  The Kings fell asleep on numerous occasions, leaving holes in the back of their defense that the Rockets exploited for alley-oop dunks and layups.   
 
 NOTABLE:  Cousins left the arena on crutches, while Gay was walking with a noticeable limp in a walking boot. ... The Rockets'  Donatas Motiejunas  made his second straight start in place of injured forward  Terrence Jones  (thigh). Jones said before the game that he is optimistic about his chances of returning to Houston's lineup Friday against Memphis. ... Rockets reserves  Omer Asik  (leg),  Ronnie Brewer  (calf),  Francisco Garcia  (knee) and  Greg Smith  (knee) sat out with minor injuries, leaving the team with only nine available players. ... Sacramento's  Aaron Gray  picked up a flagrant-1 foul in the opening period for wrestling Harden to the floor as he was driving toward the hoop on a fast break. ... Thomas made a 3-pointer for the 35th consecutive game, matching  Peja Stojakovic  for the third-longest such streak in franchise history. The 5-foot-9 guard sits four games shy of  Mitch Richmond 's club record. ... Cousins' streak of 15 straight double-doubles came to an end. ... The Rockets have scored at least 22 second-chance points in three consecutive games, averaging 23.3 during this stretch. ... The Kings have not won three in a row over the Rockets since sweeping the season series in 2003-04. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Kings: Friday vs. Indiana, Sunday vs. Denver, Monday @ Utah. For the Rockets: Friday vs. Memphis, Saturday @ Memphis, Tuesday vs. San Antonio.  
