Notebook: Pistons 97, Kings 90 
 
 
 James Ham, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Nov 16, 2013 1:52 AM - Updated Sat Nov 16, 2013 1:52 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  Sacramento Kings fans brought the noise Friday, literally.  With an official judge from Guinness World Records on hand, the crowd set a new world record for crowd noise in an indoor arena with 126.0 dBa.  The previous record of 106.6 dBa was set by Milwaukee Bucks fans on December 20, 2008.  
 
 THE LEAD:  The Detroit Pistons (3-5) weathered the hostile Sacramento crowd tonight at Sleep Train Arena, dispatching the Kings (2-6) by a final of 97-90 and ending their four game losing streak. 
 
 Josh Smith  led the way for Detroit, scoring a team-high 21 on 6-for-13 shooting.   Andre Drummond  pounded the glass, finishing with 15 points and tying a career high with 18 rebounds.   Rodney Stuckey  added 16 points off the Pistons bench. 
 
 DeMarcus Cousins  had another big night for the Kings, dropping in 26 points and 13 rebounds in 36 minutes of action.   Isaiah Thomas  continued his strong play off the Kings bench, scoring 18 points and handing out seven assists in the loss.   
 
 QUOTABLE:  "They're out there breaking records for the loudest crowd.  [When] it's that type of environment, it's tough to play in, real tough to play in.  We kept our composure and we just did what we needed to do and we came up with the win."   
 -- Andre Drummond 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The usually sure-handed  Greivis Vasquez  turned the ball over eight times tonight in the loss, matching his career high.   
 
 TURNING POINT:  In the final minutes of the third quarter, Drummond abused the Kings on the glass, leading the Pistons to an 80-70 lead going to the fourth.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "This is the way Josh [Smith] plays.  He scores, he rebounds -- I think he had four blocks.  He does a little bit of everything and this is the way we need Josh to play. He was spectacular tonight."  
 -- Pistons coach  Maurice Cheeks 
 
 
 HOT:  Smith was too much for the Kings to handle.  The high-flying wing finished with 21 points on 6-for-13 shooting from the field.  He added eight rebounds, seven assists, five steals and four steals in the win.   
 
 NOT:  After a big game against the Brooklyn Nets on Wednesday,  Marcus Thornton  disappeared again tonight for the Kings.  The veteran shooting guard finished with five points on 1-for-6 shooting. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  The Kings didn't keep a body on Drummond and the athletic young center killed them with 10 defensive rebounds and another eight on the offensive end.  
 
 NOTABLE:  Patrick Patterson  went down with a left knee contusion in the first quarter and did not return to the game.  
 
 NOTABLE II:  The Sacramento Kings notched their third sellout of the season in their first six home games.  That matches their sellout total for the entire 2012-13 season. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Pistons, Sunday at L.A. Lakers, Tuesday vs. New York, Wednesday at Atlanta. For the Kings, Sunday vs. Memphis, Tuesday vs. Phoenix, Wednesday at Phoenix.  
