  Thunder-Kings notebook   By Jimmy Spencer, for NBA.com Posted Sunday February 13, 2011 1:40AM THE FACTS:   Tyreke Evans  missed a last-second 3-pointer from atop the arc as the Oklahoma City Thunder picked up a 99-97 road victory against the Sacramento Kings on Saturday night. With the Thunder leading by two points with 5.8 seconds remaining,  Kevin Durant  missed both free throws to give the Kings one last opportunity. Following a timeout, the Kings' sideline inbound found Evans who quickly fired the missed 3-pointer. After a missed offensive tip attempt from Kings  Omri Casspi , the Thunder's  Jeff Green  grabbed the final defensive rebound as time expired. The Kings finished the game on a 12-2 run. QUOTABLE:  "I wiped my head after I missed those two free throws and Tyreke missed that three. It looked good, I was glad it missed. I usually don't do that, I usually make those free throws but it didn't fall for me tonight."    -- Kevin Durant on the final moments of the game. THE STAT:  Despite the missed free throws, Durant finished with a game-high 35 points on 13-for-22 shooting. His scoring was the difference, including 5-for-6 from the field in the fourth quarter. TURNING POINT:  With just one starter on the floor to start the fourth quarter, the Oklahoma City bench opened the final period on a 10-2 run to turn a 75-72 lead into a more comfortable 85-74 lead with 9:44 remaining. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Durant was icing his left ankle on the bench in the fourth quarter. He said after the game that he twisted it but remained optimistic that it would be fine. The team will take the hour-and-a-half bus ride to Oakland to face the Warriors on Sunday. QUOTABLE II:  "Yeah, it should be alright. Twisted it a little bit tonight in the third quarter. But you know, I kept pressing and putting my weight on it. If it was hurt too much I would have come out of the game but it was cool for me to finish the game and hopefully it will be cool tomorrow."   -- Kevin Durant. HOT:  The Thunder tend to bounce back pretty nicely following a loss. After losing to Memphis on Wednesday, Oklahoma City answered with a victory, improving to 15-3 in games played immediately following a loss. NOT:  Sacramento has lost five consecutive games, all at home. They finished their six-game homestand with a 1-5 record after opening with a win against the New Orleans Hornets. To be fair, Sacramento faced still competition in Boston, San Antonio, Utah, Dallas and Oklahoma City. ROOKIE WATCH:   DeMarcus Cousins  finished with 14 points and 12 rebounds. It was a slight drop in scoring for the rookie center, as he was averaging 20.5 points in his last six games. Still, the big man continues to show improvement and his strong play in the last two months is good news for the future of the Kings. NOTABLE:  Evans missed his final shot but finished with a team-high 30 point on 11-for-22 shooting, adding nine rebounds and four assists. ... There were four technical fouls handed out in the game though no ejections. Oklahoma City's  Serge Ibaka ,  Eric Maynor  and  Russell Westbrook  and Sacramento's Evans all were given technical fouls.  Dick Bavetta  was the lead official in the game. ... Oklahoma City's  James Harden  recorded a career-high five steals. UP NEXT:  For the Thunder, Sunday at Golden State, Tuesday vs. Sacramento, Tuesday vs. Clippers. For the Kings, Sunday at Phoenix, Tuesday at Oklahoma City, Wednesday at Dallas.  