  Notebook: Lakers 73, Mavericks 70   By Dan Arritt, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday January 17, 2012 2:14AM THE FACTS:  Lakers point guard  Derek Fisher  sank a 3-point basket with 3.1 seconds remaining Monday night, and the Lakers narrowly avoided making history with their lowest-scoring game in the shot-clock era, pulling out a 73-70 victory against the Mavericks at Staples Center. QUOTABLE II:  "We made the decision to get the ball out  [Kobe] Bryant's  hands and we just didn't get to [Fisher] in time. We had the full intention of rotating over to him, but he got the shot off quick and he shot it high so we couldn't get to it. He made a great shot."  --  Dallas coach  Rick Carlisle . THE STAT:  Fisher, who had not scored in double figures this season, scored nine of his 13 points in the fourth quarter, including six straight during a 10-0 run that provided the Lakers with their biggest lead of the game, 66-59. Fisher nearly outscored Bryant, who was held to 14 points after scoring 40 or more in the previous four games. TURNING POINT:  After Dallas guard  Jason Terry  scored on a pull-up jumper over Lakers center  Andrew Bynum  to tie the score, 70-70, with 9.9 seconds remaining, the Lakers called timeout to set up the winning play. Bryant, who customarily takes the important shots at the end of games, had the ball at the top of the 3-point line but was forced to pass to Fisher on his right. He flung a high-arcing shot over 7-footer  Dirk Nowitzki  and through the net without grazing the rim. Dallas had one last opportunity to tie, but  Vince Carter's  3-pointer at the buzzer was off target. HOT:  Nowitzki missed his first six field-goal attempts and was even subbed out of the game after 4 1/2 minutes, but he got hot in the second half, scoring 15 of his game-high 21 points. NOT:  The Lakers were on pace to break the franchise record for the fewest points in a game (70), set in November 2002 against Cleveland. They were particularly bad in the third quarter, shooting 3-for-19 and scoring seven points, their second-lowest quarter of the shot clock era. They scored six in the first quarter against Chicago in November 1977. GOOD MOVE:  Midway through the 10-0 fourth-quarter run, Fisher stole a pass from Dallas point guard  Jason Kidd  and raced the other way for a layup, giving the Lakers their biggest lead through that point of the game, 64-59, with 4:44 left. BAD MOVE:  The Mavericks started the 10-0 run for the Lakers after a layup attempt by Lakers forward  Josh McRoberts  appeared to be rolling off the rim. Dallas reserve forward  Ian Mahinmi  grabbed the ball while it was still touching the rim, however, resulting in a goaltending violation that pulled the Lakers within one point, 59-58, with 6:01 remaining in the game. NOTABLE:  The Mavericks held their third consecutive opponent to under 40 percent from the field and sixth straight under 86 points. The Lakers finished 29-for-76 (38.2 percent) ... Bryant did not score his first points until converting a breakaway dunk with 4:43 left in the first half ...  Lamar Odom , who was traded from the Lakers to Dallas shortly before the start of the season, received a standing ovation when he checked in for Nowitzki with 7:32 left in the opening quarter. Odom scored seven points in the quarter to surpass his season average of 6.8. He finished with 10 points. UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Thursday @ Miami, Friday @ Orlando, Sunday vs. Indiana. For the Mavericks, Wednesday @ L.A. Clippers, Thursday @ Utah, Saturday @ New Orleans.  