  Grizzlies-Heat notebook   By Shandel Richardson, for NBA.com Posted Saturday March 12, 2011 6:46PM THE FACTS:  The Miami Heat defeated the Memphis Grizzlies 118-85 Saturday at AmericanAirlines Arena. Guard  Dwyane Wade  led the way with 28 points while  LeBron James  added 27 points, five assists and five rebounds. Forward  Chris Bosh  also contributed with 18 points and 10 rebounds. The Heat led most of the way, blowing the game open in the second quarter. After having a recent problem of blowing second-half leads, the Heat closed it out in the third quarter. Guard  O.J. Mayo  led the Grizzlies with 19 points off the bench. QUOTABLE:  "Really, our focus was just on our game, our identity. I thought we defended with much better energy, swarming them and making second and third efforts. It was probably one of our better ball movement games."   -- Heat coach  Erik Spoelstra  THE STAT:  The Heat had a season-high 11 blocks. Wade led the way with five, blocking three in the first quarter. TURNING POINT:  After blowing leads in the losses to the Orlando Magic and New York Knicks, the Heat were able to close it out in the second quarter. They outscored the Grizzlies 27-15 to create some space, essentially putting the game away. QUOTABLE II:  "The fact that we had a big lead and we held it, that's what I'm happy most with."   -- Chris Bosh  HOT:  Bosh came through with his second consecutive hot-shooting game. He was 7 of 11 from the field. Bosh's desire to play inside more has been a big key in the Heat's recent turnaround. NOT:  Grizzlies point guard  Mike Conley  was just 1 of 11 from the field. He had 10 assists, but was able to give his team nothing offensively. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Wade had one of his best all-around games of the season. He shot 9 of 15 from the field and also had nine assists, five blocks and five rebounds. GOOD MOVE:  Spoelstra recently stressed the importance of the players not settling for jumpshots. The Heat were extra aggressive in attacking the baskets, refusing to rely on the perimeter game. James, Wade and Bosh were able to score on driving layups on several occasions. BAD MOVE:  The Grizzlies had no answer for the Heat's defense, especially on the blocked shots. They allowed the Heat to set the tone early, with Wade blocking three shots in the first quarter. NOTABLE:  The Heat played without center  Zydrunas Ilgauskas , who was out with a foot infection. He is expected to play against the Spurs Monday.  Jamaal Magloire  made his first appearance since Feb. 22. UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Monday vs. San Antonio, Wednesday vs. Oklahoma City, Friday @ Atlanta. For the Grizzlies, Monday vs. Los Angeles Clippers, Thursday @ New York, Saturday vs. Indiana.  