  Suns-Rockets notebook   By Matt Miller, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday March 15, 2011 12:25AM THE FACTS:  A short-handed Phoenix Suns squad played from behind all night, trying desperately to make up for a lackluster first quarter. In the end, the Suns' slow start cost them a win as the Houston Rockets held off a frantic finish by Phoenix to claim a 95-93 victory Monday at Toyota Center. Kevin Martin  scored 23 points to lead the Rockets, who were without second-leading scorer  Luis Scola  for the third consecutive game.  Chuck Hayes  added a career-high 21 points and nine rebounds for Houston (34-34), which has won three of its last four home games. Vince Carter  paced the Suns' attack with 21 points, while  Josh Childress  pitched in with 15 points, six rebounds and four assists. Phoenix (33-32), which has played the last two games without  Steve Nash  and the last four games without  Channing Frye , has dropped five of its last seven contests to fall into 10th place in the Western Conference -- 2.5 games behind eighth-place Memphis. NOTABLE:  Monday's win moved Rockets coach  Rick Adelman  into sole possession of 10th in all-time NBA regular-season coaching victories. With 936 wins, Adelman has passed  Dick Motta  and is two shy of tying  Red Auerbach  for ninth all-time. QUOTABLE:  "We didn't make good decisions. ... We were trying to make the home-run play and not the solid play."   -- Adelman on Houston's 16 turnovers and poor execution offensively THE STAT:  Houston and Phoenix committed a combined 30 turnovers during the first three quarters of a helter-skelter game that offensive enthusiasts may have found difficult to watch. TURNING POINT:   Zabian Dowdell  sank a 3-pointer to cap an 18-8 Phoenix run and tie the game at 89 with 2:02 remaining.  Kyle Lowry  countered with a pull-up jumper before a Childress dunk deadlocked the game again. But Lowry found himself open on the Rockets' next possession and drained a deep jumper to put Houston ahead 93-91. TURNING POINT II:  Hayes had a chance to stretch the lead but missed three of four free throws in the final 30 seconds, allowing the Suns to stay within one possession of tying the contest. With the Rockets leading 94-93,  Jared Dudley  forced a jump-ball with Martin, but the shorter Martin managed to tip the ball to  Chase Budinger , who was fouled and missed the second free-throw attempt. Dudley had a wide-open look at a potential game-winning 3 just before the final buzzer, but it clanked off the rim. QUOTABLE II:  "The game didn't come down to that last shot. The game came down to how we approached it at the start. ... We dug ourselves a hole, and we spend the whole night trying to dig ourselves out of it."   --   Phoenix coach  Alvin Gentry HOT:  The Rockets received a boost from two unusual sources in the first half, as Hayes and  Jordan Hill  combined for 22 points on 10-for-15 (66.7 percent) shooting and pulled down 13 rebounds (four offensive). NOT:   Aaron Brooks  has delivered a pair of forgettable performances in his first two meetings against his former squad. Brooks followed a scoreless, 0-for-6 effort six days ago in Phoenix by scoring only two points on 1-for-9 shooting Monday. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Martin hit at least half of his shots (8-for-16) for the first time since March 1, a sign that he could be breaking out of his recent shooting slump. Martin's scoring production also appears to be returning to normalcy, as he has poured in 51 points over his last two outings. Fantasy owners may want to monitor Martin's play for a couple more games before declaring an end to his early-March downturn. ROOKIE WATCH:  Dowdell ran the Suns' offense much more effectively than Brooks and finished with career highs of 11 points and four steals to go with five assists in 27-plus minutes of action. GOOD MOVE:  Brooks' struggles and Dowdell's strong play in the second half gave Gentry good reason to leave the rookie point guard on the court during the closing minutes. Despite his inexperience, Dowdell caused problems for Houston's defense down the stretch and help the Suns nearly complete the comeback. INSIDE THE ARENA:  R&B recording artist  Baby Bash  performed at halftime. ... The Rocket faithful cheered when a video tribute to Brooks was played during a timeout midway through the opening period. NOTABLE II:  Gentry said he will take a wait-and-see approach to deciding whether Nash will play in Wednesday's game in New Orleans. "For [Nash], it's really important that when he goes out there, he feels like he's ready to go," Gentry said. ... The Suns fell to 0-4 without Nash this season. ... Houston snapped a seven-game losing streak to Phoenix, defeating the Suns for the first time since March 6, 2009. ... Phoenix dropped to 1-11 on the road when scoring less than 100 points. ... The Rockets won for the 14th consecutive time when allowing less than 100 points, which stands as the longest active streak in the NBA. ... Houston improved to 20-4 this season when it limits an opponent to less than 100 points. ... The Rockets are now 8-0 when Hayes blocks at least two shots. ... UP NEXT:  For the Suns, Wednesday @ New Orleans, Friday vs. Golden State (NBA TV), Sunday @ L.A. Clippers. For the Rockets, Wednesday vs. Charlotte, Friday vs. Boston, Sunday vs. Utah.  