Notebook: Hawks 92, Celtics 91 
 
 
 Brian Robb, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Dec 31, 2013 5:56 PM - Updated Tue Dec 31, 2013 5:56 PM 
 
 THE FACT:   Kelly Olynyk  posted a new NBA career high with 21 points, including 17 points in the second half against the Hawks. 
 
 THE LEAD:   Paul Millsap  had a season-high 34 points and 15 rebounds, as the Atlanta Hawks rallied from an 18-point first-half deficit to earn a hard-fought 92-91 win at the TD Garden over the Boston Celtics. Boston had a chance to win the game in the closing seconds, but  Jordan Crawford  missed a runner from the elbow as time expired.  Jeff Teague  added 16 points, six rebounds and five assists for the visitors, who recovered from an atrocious shooting stretch in the second quarter to escape with the win. Olynyk had a team-high 21 points for the Celtics, and  Kris Humphries  added 18 points and 10 rebounds in the setback.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  ""We were able to find a way to win a game where we weren't able to shoot well from the perimeter, from the basket, really from anywhere except for Paul Millsap. He kind of put us on his back and was able to score enough points and our defense kept us in it." 
 -- Hawks' head coach  Mike Budenholzer 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Hawks missed 23 of their 25 field goal attempts during the first nine minutes of the second quarter, as the team mustered a meager six points over that stretch, causing them to fall behind by 18 points. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Celtics scored a paltry six points over a 13:22 stretch spanning between the closing moments of the second quarter and opening few minutes of third quarter. The Hawks turned an 18-point deficit into a six-point lead during Boston's scoring slump.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I think it was pretty obvious that today the guys that were playing at the end were the guys that played well today.  So, you know, hard to take out a guy like Hump ( Humphries) who's got 18 and 10 at that time and Kelly (Olynyk) who's got his best game as a pro going.  So, you stick with them." 
 --  Brad Stevens  on sticking with Boston's second unit forwards for most of second half. 
 
 
 HOT:   Olynyk -- After being limited while recovering from a sprained ankle injury during the last few weeks, Olynyk put together his best stretch of the season after halftime on Saturday. The rookie out of Gonzaga hit 6-of-9 shots, including 3-of-5 from 3-point range in the second half, to post 17 of his team-high 21 points in the outburst.  
 
 NOT:  Crawford -- Boston's starting point guard had a rough shooting night, missing 12 of his 15 shot attempts, including three crucial shots in the closing moments of the game.  
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Humphries -- With strong play off the bench in recent games for the power forward, Humphries played a season-high 28 minutes and rewarded Stevens' faith in him with his first double-double of the season. The 28-year-old veteran matched his season-high with 18 points and added a season-high 10 rebounds.   
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:   Pero Antic -- The 31-year-old rookie center continues to play well with extended minutes, with starting center  Al Horford  sidelined indefinitely. Antic posted five points and five rebounds in 22 minutes off the bench.   
 
 NOTABLE:   DeMarre Carroll  missed his second straight game with a sprained thumb.  Mike Scott  got his first start of the season in his place. ...Stevens said before the game that  Rajon Rondo  could play rehab games with the Maine Red Claws as he continues in his recovery from a torn ACL. ...Stevens faced off with  Shelvin Mack , his former star point guard at Butler. The duo helped lead Butler to the NCAA national championship game in 2010 and 2011. ... Kyle Korver  made a 3-pointer in the fourth quarter to extend his streak of consecutive games with a 3-pointer to 101 games. ... Jared Sullinger  left the game in the second quarter with a bruised left wrist. He returned in the second half, but only played six minutes over the remainder of the contest. The second-year forward said after the game that he expected to be able to play against the Bulls on Thursday night. ...  Jeff Green  and  Brandon Bass  did not play for the final 18 minutes of the game.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Celtics, Thursday @ Chicago, Friday vs. New Orleans, Sunday @ Oklahoma City. For the Hawks, Friday vs. Golden State, Saturday @ Chicago, Monday @ Brooklyn.  
