  Heat-Rockets notebook   By Matt Miller, for NBA.com Posted Thursday December 30, 2010 12:33AM THE FACTS: Dwayne Wade  scored a season-high 45 points,  Chris Bosh  put up 21 and  LeBron James  added 20 points, nine assists and six rebounds as the Miami Heat extended their road winning streak to 10 games with a 125-119 victory over the Houston Rockets on Wednesday at Toyota Center. Miami (25-9), the league's top defensive team, allowed more than 100 points for the first time in 17 games. But the Heat made Houston work for its points, limiting the Rockets to 41.9 percent from the field. Luis Scola  led Houston with 22 points, while Aaron Brooks scored 20 and matched a season high with nine assists for the Rockets (15-16), who entered Wednesday winners of five straight overall eight consecutive home games. QUOTABLE : "Actually, one of the ball boys tonight asked me if I was going to get 40 [points] before the game and I said, 'No. Not even close.'"   - Wade THE STAT:  The Heat are now 15-1 in December, marking a franchise record for wins in a month. Miami's 10-game road win streak is only the third double-digit run in franchise history. The Heat last won 10 straight on the road during an 11-game streak Feb. 4-March 7, 1998. TURNING POINT:  Houston trailed by 12 with 2:15 left before ripping off a 9-2 run that cut its deficit to 117-114 with less than a minute remaining. Houston might have been able to trim the Heat's lead even more after James missed an easy shot with 35 seconds left, but  Joel Anthony  grabbed the offensive board and sank two free throws to essentially seal the deal. QUOTABLE II:  "I hate these type of games."    -- Heat coach Eric Spoelstra on Wednesday's high-scoring, fast-paced affair HOT:  For the Heat, who wasn't? Every Miami player except  Zydrunas Illgauskas  (3-for-7),  James Jones  (1-for-3) and  Juwan Howard  (0-for-1) made at least half of his shots as the Heat connected on 58.1 percent of their attempts. NOT:  Although Bosh shot the ball well (8-for-14), he was hardly a force on the boards (only four rebounds) and committed five turnovers. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Wade posted his second consecutive and 30th career 40-point game Wednesday, shooting 17-for-24 from the floor and a perfect 10-for-10 at the free-throw line. Wade said he needed "a couple" of stitches after cutting cut his lip when Brooks committed a flagrant foul-1 on him with 9:58 left in the fourth quarter. But his performance after this incident should show fantasy owners that they have nothing to worry about. QUOTABLE III:  "Stuff like that happens. I'm not a vicious player. I wasn't trying to hurt [Wade]. It was a bad attempt at the ball but it was definitely intended for the ball."    -- Brooks on his flagrant foul INSIDE THE ARENA:  A packed house greeted James with a chorus of boos during the pre-game introductions. Wade was also booed, but not nearly as heavily as James. Members of the crowd of 18,409 included NBA Hall of Famer  Hakeem Olajuwon , Houston Astros gold-glove centerfielder  Michael Bourn  and Houston Texans All-Pro receiver  Andre Johnson . BAD MOVE: Kyle Lowry  picked up two fouls in the same Miami possession, forcing coach  Rick Adelman  to insert Brooks into the game midway through the first quarter. Brooks took advantage of the early entry, scoring 12 points and dishing out five assists before Lowry took the court again. If Lowry continues to make mental errors, Brooks may return to the starting lineup sooner than Lowry would like. NOTABLE : Miami allowed an opponent season high of 62 points in the first half. ... The Heat's 58.1 percent shooting effort is the best any opponent has shot against the Rockets this season. ... Miami improved to 9-5 this season against the Western Conference and 2-4 against the Southwest Division. ... The Heat are now 14-3 this season when they score 100 or more points. ... Houston fell to 3-14 this season when trailing after three quarters. ... The Rockets are now 7-2 at home this season when scoring 100 points or more. UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Saturday vs. Golden State, Monday @ Charlotte, Tuesday vs. Milwaukee. For the Rockets, Friday vs. Toronto, Sunday @ Portland (NBA TV), Monday @ Denver.  