  Notebook: Kings 104, Trail Blazers 103 Posted Sunday April 15, 2012 9:23PM By James Ham, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The Sacramento Kings faithful put the NBA on notice tonight at Power Balance Pavilion. Two days after watching yet another arena deal fall through, 16,000 plus fans showed up to support their Kings in a loud and boisterous way. Losers of seven straight coming in, the Kings rode the home crowd to victory, besting the Portland Trail Blazers by the score of 104-103, on a game-winning jumper from  Marcus Thornton . The Kings were paced by big man  DeMarcus Cousins ' 23 points and seven-rebound performance. Three other players scored 18 points or more in the victory for Sacramento. Rookie  Isaiah Thomas  finished with 18 points and a game-high eight assists, while  Tyreke Evans  (20) and Thornton (20) each put in solid performances. Wesley Matthews  did everything in his power to get this win for Portland. The veteran guard scored 19 of his game-high 31 points in the third quarter and nearly won the game in the closing seconds with a corner three. While Matthews was busy burying 3-pointers,  Raymond Felton  attacked the hoop, finishing with 19 points in the loss. Forward  J.J. Hickson  added a 10-point, 13-rebound double-double in his first game back to Sacramento after being waived earlier in the season. QUOTABLE:  "It feels good. Even with all the drama going on, our fans still came out and supported us, stayed engaged in the game and showed their loyalty to us. We're thankful to have them and we love them for it."    -- Cousins on the incredible fan support tonight in Sacramento THE STAT:  Both teams came out firing from distance tonight. Portland went an amazing 16-for-32 from behind the arc, while the Kings finished 8-for-19 from distance. In a tightly contested ballgame, there were more makes from 3-point land than there were from the free throw line. TURNING POINT:  This game was decided by Thornton in the final seconds. After a big time 3-point shot by the Blazers' Matthews, Thornton got the inbounds pass from Thomas and hit the free throw jumper for the win. QUOTABLE II:  "That's how it's been the whole year. these fans have been great -- the best fans ever, that I've been around. Our record doesn't show how good we can be, but for them to stick with us the whole year, it's been amazing."    --Thornton on the fan support despite the 20-41 record HOT:  Matthews was on fire tonight, finishing with 31 points on 10-for-16 shooting. The 25-year old guard out of Marquette also hit eight of his 10 3-point attempts in the loss for Portland. GOOD MOVE:  Inside of 30 seconds to play, with the game tied at 100-100, K eith Smart  subbed in  Terrence Williams  for defensive purposes. The newest Kings promptly stole the ball from Felton. After a quick timeout, the Kings went to Cousins, who gave the Kings a momentary 102-100 lead. BAD MOVE:  Blazers coach  Kaleb Canales  decided to go with his young players tonight, leaving veterans  Jamal Crawford ,  Kurt Thomas  and  Craig Smith  on the bench. This game might not have been so close if he had used all of his guns. NOTABLE:  Former Sacramento Kings center  Dwayne Schintzius  passed away today at the age of 43. The 7-footer out of the University of Florida was a member of the 1991-92 Kings team before going on to stops in New Jersey, Indiana, Los Angeles (Clippers) and Boston. UP NEXT:  For the Trail Blazers, Monday @ Phoenix, Wednesday vs. Jazz, Saturday @ Memphis. For the Kings, Wednesday vs. Spurs, Friday vs. Thunder, Sunday @ Charlotte.  