Notebook: 
 
 
 Michael Kelly, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Nov 22, 2013 2:28 AM - Updated Fri Nov 22, 2013 2:28 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Chicago Bulls lost their fifth straight to the Denver Nuggets, their longest current losing streak to any team. Their last win came Nov. 8, 2010, in Chicago. 
 
 THE LEAD:   Jordan Hamilton  and  Nate Robinson  led a 13-0 to start the fourth quarter and the Denver Nuggets beat the Chicago Bulls 97-87 on Thursday night. 
 Hamilton finished with 17 points,  J.J. Hickson  had 14 points and nine rebounds for Denver, which snapped a two-game skid. 
 
 Derrick Rose  led Chicago with 19 points and  Carlos Boozer  had 15 points and 10 rebounds as the Bulls saw their five-game winning streak snapped. 
 The Nuggets had six players score in double figures. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I thought he had a great first half. Attacking, just great, quick, explosive moves. Great plays, terrific defense. It's coming. You can see it. His confidence is growing, he's playing better and better. Our team has to play better."  
 -- Bulls coach  Tom Thibodeau  on Rose 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Rose has been steady but hasn't had a big point-production game yet, but he hit his season average of 15 with 6:42 left in the second quarter. He went cold after that, scoring just four points in the next 20 minutes. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  With the game grinding to an offensive halt, the Nuggets finally broke it open in the fourth. Robinson hit two 3-pointers and a technical free throw in the first 1:04, Hamilton hit two more 3s and the Bulls missed their first nine shots of the period as Denver opened up an 83-62 lead. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I just always stay ready man. I've been battling little injuries, been in a little slump, not wanting to take the shots I usually take just because I didn't want to miss them and hurt my team, but I got to a stage where I'm like, 'Forget it.  Just play and be you.' I'm going to do that for the rest of the season."  
 -- Nate Robinson 
 
 
 HOT:  Nuggets forward  Wilson Chandler  didn't provide offense -- he was scoreless and missed both his shots -- but he was a beast on the defensive end. He helped hold Chicago's leading scorer,  Luol Deng , to six points on 3-for-18 shooting, and he slipped down into the post to guard the likes of Boozer, too.  
 
 NOT:  Neither team could celebrate its performance from the line. The Nuggets shot 54.5 percent and the Bulls 57.1 percent. Denver came into the game hitting 71 percent from there and the Bulls were at 84 percent. 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  The Denver Broncos were well represented courtside. Defensive end  Shaun Phillips , linebacker  Wesley Woodyard  as well as wide receiver  Demaryius Thomas  were in attendance. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  The Bulls were effective in forcing Denver to play at their pace. The Nuggets averaged 113 points in their previous four games but didn't come close to that against a deliberate Chicago team.  
 
 BAD MOVE:  Bulls forward  Taj Gibson  said he was having fun with Robinson, his former teammate, when official  Sean Corbin  gave him his second technical foul with 1:16 left. The game was well in hand but being ejected still bothered Gibson. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "Me and Nate was talking back and forth the whole game and [Corbin] thought I was talking to him. I didn't argue, I just went out. He got the whole thing misconstrued."  
 -- Taj Gibson on his ejection 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  Bulls guard  Jimmy Butler  did not play because of an injured toe on his right foot.  He is week-to-week. ... The Nuggets entered Thursday averaging 20.4 3-point attempts a game but didn't take their first until the first minute of the second quarter. ... Denver is 2-0 when holding an opponent to less than 90 points. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Friday at Portland, Sunday at L.A. Clippers, Monday at Utah. For the Nuggets, Saturday vs. Dallas, Monday at Dallas, Wednesday at Minnesota. 
