Notebook: Pelicans 131, Bulls 128 (3OT) 
 
 
 Kent McDill, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Dec 03, 2013 12:49 AM - Updated Tue Dec 03, 2013 12:49 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  With the Bulls' loss at the United Center, there are only two teams with unbeaten home records in the NBA -- the Indiana Pacers and the Oklahoma City Thunder.  
 
 THE LEAD: Ryan Anderson  scored a career-high 36 points and  Jrue Holiday  scored the game-winner on a driving layup with 2.6 seconds remaining as the New Orleans Pelicans beat the host Chicago Bulls 131-128 in triple-overtime at the United Center.  Eric Gordon  had 23 points for the Pelicans, while  Luol Deng  had 37 points for the Bulls.    
 
 THE FACTS II:  The Bulls had two 20-point scorers off the bench,  Taj Gibson  with 26 and  Mike Dunleavy  with 23. The Pelicans had six players in double figures, including  Tyreke Evans , who had 13 off the bench.   
 
 QUOTABLE I : "To tell you the truth, I just wanted the game over. I don't think I have ever been that wide-open with four seconds left. Coach just called a good play."  --  Holiday. 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Pelicans made 11 of 23 3-point shots, led by Anderson's 7-for-11 from behind the line.   
 
 THE STAT II:  Eric Gordon had all six of New Orleans's points in the first overtime, with three free throws and a 3-pointer.    
 
 THE STAT III : The Bulls had three double-doubles in the extended game --  Kirk Hinrich  with 13 points and 11 assists, Gibson with 26 points and 14 rebounds and  Joakim Noah  with 19 points and 10 rebounds.  Jason Smith  had 12 points and 14 rebounds for the Pelicans. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Bulls led by three points several times in the fourth quarter only to see the Pelicans come back. The Bulls had a 3-point lead for two minutes of the first overtime until Gordon made a 3-pointer with 10 seconds left. The Pelicans led by five points twice in the second overtime.   
 
 INJURY UPDATE: Anthony Davis  of the Pelicans will have his fractured left hand examined in New Orleans Tuesday.  Jimmy Butler  is running now on his turf toe injury that has kept him out of action for three weeks. 
 
 HOT:  Deng has five straight games of 20-plus points. He has averaged 27 points per game in that stretch. Anderson of the Pelicans has had back-to-back 30-plus point games, and has scored in double figures in all eight games he has played since coming back from a broken toe.   
 
 NOT: Carlos Boozer  was a complete non-factor for the Bulls, playing just 26 minutes as Gibson took his spot for 44 minutes of action. Boozer finished with four points and six rebounds in the game.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We are just one play away the last two games, but the games are there for us."  --  Gibson, referencing their last-minute loss to Cleveland on Saturday as well as Monday's loss to New Orleans.  
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Anderson played 57 of 63 minutes Monday but New Orleans coach  Monty Williams  needed him the entire game. Anderson scored 10 of his points in the extra periods.  
 
 BAD MOVE:  Bulls coach  Tom Thibodeau  locked the team down to a six-man rotation in the second half, with Gibson and Dunleavy off the bench and Boozer sitting. Deng played 56 minutes, Hinrich played 53 and Noah played 50.  
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Center  Jeff Withey  got in five minutes of the 63-minute affair and scored a basket for New Orleans.  Tony Snell  got his fourth start for the Bulls in place of Butler, and played 22 minutes with six points.   
 
 NOTABLE:  The Bulls played the first of a four-game home stretch... Gibson had five blocked shots...  the Pelicans have their first three-game road winning streak since January of 2011... Anderson's seven 3-pointers was the most against the Bulls since  Gilbert Arenas  put in seven three years ago... the Bulls played the last triple-overtime game in the NBA last spring in the playoffs against Brooklyn. 
 
 UP NEXT : For the Bulls, Thursday vs. Miami, Saturday vs. Pistons, Dec. 10 vs. Bucks. For the Pelicans, Wednesday vs. Dallas, Friday vs. Oklahoma City, Dec. 11 vs. Detroit. 
