Notebook: Trail Blazers 111, Pistons 109 (OT) 
 
 
 Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Mon Dec 16, 2013 12:16 AM - Updated Mon Dec 16, 2013 12:16 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  Portland power forward  LaMarcus Aldridge  is averaging 23.4 points in 15 career games against Detroit after his 27-point performance on Sunday, his highest average against any opponent. His second-highest average is 21.5 points against Dallas. 
 
 THE LEAD:  Point guard  Damian Lillard 's fadeaway shot in the lane with one-tenth of a second left in overtime gave the Portland Trail Blazers a 111-109 victory over the Detroit Pistons on Sunday night at The Palace. Aldridge led the Trail Blazers, who won their fourth straight, with 27 points and 12 rebounds, and Lillard finished with 23 points and seven assists. Forward  Josh Smith  scored a season-high 31 points for the Pistons, who have lost four of five. Guard  Rodney Stuckey  scored 17 points off the bench and point guard  Brandon Jennings  just missed a triple-double with 15 points, eight rebounds and 10 assists. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "It says a lot about our character as a team. We played last night at 8 o'clock, got in here late, bad weather, guys were tired, legs were heavy against a team that's been waiting. It's tough to win on the road before all those things, so for us to be able to come in here and stick it out, find a way to get a win, that says a lot about us." 
 -- Damian Lillard on his team's comeback from a 13-point deficit in the fourth. The Trail Blazers scored an NBA season-high 139 points at Philadelphia on Saturday in the opener of the back-to-back 
 
 
 THE STAT:  18. Detroit ranked No. 1 in total rebounding percentage entering the game but the Trail Blazers were tougher on the boards when it counted. They had 18 second-chance points in the fourth quarter and overtime. Center  Robin Lopez  led them with six offensive rebounds and Lillard had a key tip-in.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  Smith's three-point play with 3:34 remaining gave Detroit a five-point edge but Lopez then made the key play, making two offensive rebounds before converting to pull Portland within 97-94. Lillard followed with his tip shot and Portland eventually tied it with 30.8 seconds left in regulation on  Wesley Matthews '   free throws. 
 
 HOT:  Coming into the game, Smith was averaging a career-high 4.4 3-point attempts despite making just 26.9 percent of them. He finally got the message to take the ball to the rim, scoring seven of his eight first-half field goals within five feet of the basket. He surpassed his season high by making four hook shots in the third quarter. Overall, Smith shot 13 of 17 from the field but he only took one shot in the fourth and overtime. 
 
 NOT:  Jennings went cold at the worst possible time for Detroit. He scored eight points with four assists in the third, then went 2-for-8 from the field in the fourth quarter and overtime. He also had just two assists during that span with two turnovers. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We're capable of playing well defensively, as demonstrated. Right now, it's kind of a motivation issue. You always see it in the third quarter and at the end of the game when we need it." 
 -- Robin Lopez on his team's rally 
 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Guard  Kentavious Caldwell-Pope  had just five points in 21 minutes for Detroit. His starting job could be in jeopardy, as he has reached double figures just once in the last seven games.  
 
 NOTABLE:  Small forward  Nicolas Batum  had 18 points, five rebounds and five assists for the Trail Blazers. ... Detroit center  Andre Drummond  collected his 18th double-double with 13 points and 14 rebounds. ... Portland reserve center  Meyers Leonard  served a one-game league suspension handed down earlier in the day. He body-slammed Philadelphia center  Daniel Orton  during the fourth quarter of the Trail Blazers' 139-105 win on Saturday. ... Pistons PG  Will Bynum  was active after missing 14 of the previous 16 games with a hamstring injury but did not play. ... The Trail Blazers were 7-for-26 on 3-point attempts after knocking down a franchise-record 21 in Philadelphia on Saturday. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Trail Blazers, Tuesday @ Cleveland, Wednesday @ Minnesota, Saturday vs. New Orleans. For the Pistons, Monday @ Indiana, Wednesday @ Boston, Friday vs. Charlotte. 
