Notebook: Nets 113, Raptors 106 
 
 
 Jake Appleman, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Jan 15, 2013 11:02 PM - Updated Tue Jan 15, 2013 11:02 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:  The Nets overcame a sluggish start to the first quarter and outplayed the Raptors the rest of the way, winning 113-106 at Barclays Center.  Brook Lopez ,  Joe Johnson  and  Deron Williams  combined for 64 points, while  Andray Blatche  and  Mirza Teletovic  sparked the Nets off the bench. The Nets remain undefeated in January.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "That has kind of been the story for us the past few games, the second halves are really where we bring the energy." 
 -- Lopez 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Nets turned the ball over only six times.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  Back-to-back second-quarter 3-pointers from Teletovic put the Nets up 51-48. They maintained some semblance of control the rest of the way.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "The young man off the Brooklyn bench, Mirza Teletovic, he came in and opened the game up. We lost him in transition a couple of times and he's too great a shooter to have miscommunication." 
 -- Raptors Coach  Dwane Casey 
 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  At one point, fans in the upper level chanted, "U-S-A!"  
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Teletovic registered season and career highs with three 3-pointers and three assists. Nets coach  P.J. Carlesimo  said he thought Teletovic had more than three assists. For the Raptors,  Terrence Ross  struggled with his shot and  Quincy Acy  chipped in six points in six minutes.  
 
 NOTABLE: Kyle Lowry , who starred in the first ever regular season game at Barclays Center, sprained his ankle in the second quarter. He returned midway through the fourth quarter and connected on a flurry of 3-pointers to keep the Raptors within striking distance and lead the team in scoring with 21. ... Late in the second quarter,  Damion James  checked in for the first time since signing a 10-day contract. He played 17 seconds. ... The crowd came alive after Williams found Blatche with a behind-the-back pass for a layup. Prior to the behind the back pass, Williams and  MarShon Brooks  executed the rare give-and-go-and-give in transition. The fast break began with a block by Teletovic.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Raptors, Wednesday vs. Chicago, Friday @ Philadelphia, Sunday vs. LA Lakers. For the Nets, Wednesday @ Atlanta, Friday vs. Atlanta, Monday @ New York.    
