  Notebook: Hornets 105, Kings 96 Posted Thursday April 12, 2012 12:41AM By Larry Holder, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Forward  Jason Smith , who played through an illness, scored a team-high 21 points and pushed the New Orleans Hornets to a 105-96 win over the Sacramento Kings on Wednesday night in the New Orleans Arena. Smith went 10-of- 12 from the floor in one of his best performances of the season. QUOTABLE:  "I don't know why he's not getting any acclaim for most improved (player award). Look at where he came from last year, and this year nobody expected him to be the kind of guy that comes in, hits big shots, plays big defense, running, dunking. ... He's not afraid of the moment. ... I've watched him play his way out of restrictions. I had restrictions on him when he first got here. Now, we say you just got to go out there and make plays."   -- Hornets coach  Monty Williams  on an improved Smith. THE STAT:  Zero. Kings center  DeMarcus Cousins  never left the Sacramento bench in the fourth quarter despite the team being within single digits going into the period. Cousins struggled in his 20 minutes of action going 3 of 12 from the floor for seven points and four rebounds. TURNING POINT:  The Kings trailed 96-92 at the 4:06 mark in the fourth quarter and had plenty of chances to cut the Hornets' lead to a single possession. But Sacramento missed several shots in that possession and never got any closer to New Orleans. HOT:  New Orleans received some nice production from its starting backcourt as Hornets guard  Marco Belinelli  scored 22 points, while  Greivis Vasquez  added 15 points in the win. NOT:  The Kings didn't see much production from the point guard spot as  Isaiah Thomas  and  Jimmer Fredette  combined for only six points on 2-of-10 shooting. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Kings guard  Marcus Thornton  keeps putting up impressive numbers despite the team's losing ways. Thornton, a former Hornets draft pick, had 25 points, four rebounds, two assists and three steals. NOTABLE:  Hornets guard  Eric Gordon  didn't play Wednesday night against the Kings as Gordon is dealing with a back strain. Gordon has only played in five games this season. He returned on April 4 after missing 51 games with a knee injury, but sustained a back injury against the Timberwolves last Saturday. ... Kings coach  Keith Smart  said he really doesn't know when guard/forward  John Salmons  (hip) or guard  Francisco Garcia  (concussion) would be able to return from a sore right hip. Smart said Salmons still can't run, so conditioning could be an issue. Smart liked the production of Salmons and Garcia off the bench and the Kings are still trying to figure out how to plug the hole those holes. Smart also said he hasn't contemplated sitting Garcia for the rest of the season because he doesn't want to send the message to the team that the season is over. ... Kings forward  Hassan Whiteside  sustained a right ankle injury during the second quarter. He had to be helped off the floor and couldn't put any weight on his leg. X-rays were negative, but Whiteside didn't return. ... Minutes for Hornets forward  Trevor Ariza  have dropped dramatically the last three games, so much so that Ariza never left the bench at all in the last two games, including Wednesday's win over the Kings. Williams said Ariza isn't injured and the reasoning behind benching a regular starter is to have younger players like forwards  Al-Farouq Aminu ,  Lance Thomas  and  Xavier Henry , who had 14 points off the bench, see more playing time. Williams said he wouldn't sit Ariza if this was the last year of his contract as to hurt a player's value in free agency. Williams said the same philosophy will be used for center  Emeka Okafor  as it's unlikely Okafor will return this season with a knee injury. UP NEXT:  For the Kings, Friday @ Oklahoma City, Sunday vs. Portland, Wednesday vs. San Antonio. For the Hornets, Friday vs. Utah, Sunday vs. Memphis, Monday @ Charlotte.  