  Raptors-Thunder notebook   By Randy Renner, for NBA.com Posted Sunday March 20, 2011 10:43PM THE FACTS:  Toronto's  Amir Johnson  scored on a baby hook shot with 1.4 seconds left in the game off a feed from  Leandro Barbosa  and Oklahoma City's  Kevin Durant  missed a desperation shot at the buzzer to give the Raptors a dramatic 95-93 win over the Thunder. The win snaps Oklahoma City's six-game winning streak and gives Toronto a two-game winning streak for the first time since early December. Back then, just as now, the two victims were Washington and Oklahoma City. Center  Andrea Bargnani  Led the Raptors with 23 points. Barbosa added 19, including a 3-pointer that tied the game with 38.5 seconds left. The Thunder defense held the Raptors to just two points for a six-minute stretch late in the game, then gave up five points in the last 38.5 seconds.  James Harden  came off the bench to lead the Thunder with 23 points.  Russell Westbrook  added 22 and Durant had 20.  Kendrick Perkins  grabbed 12 rebounds but missed two critical free throws that would have given Oklahoma City a five-point lead with 41.7 seconds to play. QUOTABLE:  "We wanted to put the ball in Leandro's hands, two guys had to come out and guard him because he'd been so hot then Amir was alone and Leandro found him."   --Raptors Head Coach  Jay Triano THE STAT:  Oklahoma City was just 1-for-8 in the last four minutes of the game. TURNING POINT:  Thunder center Kendrick Perkins grabbed half of his 12 rebounds in the fourth quarter and when he stepped to the free throw line with :41.7 seconds remaining he had a chance to give his team a five point lead. Instead he missed both shots shots leaving the door open for Leandro Barbosa's game-tying 3-pointer. QUOTABLE II:  "Our defense was great tonight but we just couldn't make any shots at the end. It is what it is. We just gotta work on it and move on."   --Thunder forward  Kevin Durant HOT:  In the fourth quarter OKC was 15-for-19 (78.9%) at the free throw line. NOT:  Also in the fourth quarter Toronto was 0-for-2 at the stripe. GOOD MOVE:  Before the game, Triano said his team would do all it could to prevent OKC from scoring in transition. In the first half, the plan worked well as Toronto led Oklahoma City 13-2 in fast break points. GOOD MOVE II:  In the fourth quarter, Oklahoma City's Harden drives into the lane, leaps up as if to shoot but instead fires a perfect no-look pass to  Serge Ibaka  for a slam. BAD MOVE:  Toronto committed two non-shooting fouls on the Thunder's first possession then forgot to guard Kevin Durant who knocked down an open 3-pointer. BAD MOVE II:  Raptors forward  Amir Johnson  starts jawing with Thunder center  Kendrick Perkins , then shoves him right in front of official  Ron Garretson , who assesses a technical foul on Johnson. NOTABLE:  The Thunder has lost only four games this season to teams with losing records. Two of those four losses have been to the Raptors. Toronto snaps a franchise record 14 game road losing streak with the win. Oklahoma City is now just 4-9 on Sundays, the team's worst record on any day of the week. UP NEXT:  For the Raptors, Monday @ Denver, Wednesday @ Phoenix, Friday @ Golden State. For the Thunder, Wednesday vs Jazz, Friday vs Timberwolves, Sunday vs Trail Blazers.  