Notebook: Warriors 104, Pistons 97 
 
 
 Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Dec 05, 2012 11:35 PM - Updated Wed Dec 05, 2012 11:35 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:  Shooting guard  Klay Thompson  scored a season-high 27 points, including five 3-pointers in the third quarter, as the Golden State Warriors defeated the Detroit Pistons 104-97 at The Palace on Wednesday.  Stephen Curry  had 22 points and 10 assists -- his fourth straight game of 20 points and 10 assists -- and  David Lee  added 20 points and 11 rebounds for the Warriors in their opener of a seven-game road swing.  Tayshaun Prince  had a season-high 24 for the Pistons, who had their five-game home winning streak snapped.  Rodney Stuckey  had 17 while rookie  Andre Drummond  chipped in 15 points and 12 rebounds. The Pistons nearly erased a 20-point deficit in the fourth but lost for the third time in four games. 
 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We did a great job of finding each other in transition and playing smart basketball. We had some bad turnovers but we also took the ball to the rim and we're a great shooting team when we take it to the rim at first. It opens up so much on the perimeter." --  Thompson on equaling his career high with five 3-pointers. 
 
 
 
 THE STAT : 84. The Warriors have two reserves -- forward  Carl Landry  and guard  Jarrett Jack  -- averaging double figures. Their bench was quiet Wednesday, contributing just 20 points on 7-for-25 shooting, as Landry and Jack combined for 15 points. Jack had averaged 17.7 points in the previous three games. The starting five was able to fill the void, scoring the other 84 points with three players contributing at least 20.  
 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Thompson and Curry shot 3-for-9 from the field during the first half but combined for six 3-pointers in the first eight minutes of the second half, turning a 40-38 lead into a 15-point spread. Thompson made four of his five third-quarter 3-pointers during that stretch while Curry had two from long range, including a contested 25-footer, and an old-fashioned three-point play. A Thompson 3-pointer on the fast break after Curry stole the ball from  Greg Monroe  ended the 27-point explosion and gave Golden State a 67-52 lead. The Warriors eventually lifted the lead to 20 points and held off Detroit's late charge. 
 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "He's in total control out there on the floor. When things get crazy, there's no need for me to call a timeout because I feel confident and comfortable with his ability to run this team. He's playing at a whole different level than he's ever played at. It's more to do with his health than anything. This is what we expected from him." --  Coach  Mark Jackson  on Curry, who was slowed much of last season with an ankle injury. 
 
 
 
 HOT:  Curry's 20-10 streak is the longest by a Warrior since  Tim Hardaway  did it in December of 1992. He had 17 points and seven assists after halftime and made three of his four steals in the half. He also held  Brandon Knight  to four points on 1-for-10 shooting. Curry is now averaging 19.1 points and 6.6 assists, placing him in the league's top 15 in both categories.  
 
 
 NOT:  Detroit center Monroe is averaging a team-best 15.4 points but he's failed to reach double figures in four of the last five games. Monroe only attempted six shots and made four turnovers Wednesday before being benched in the fourth quarter. 
 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Detroit center Drummond had 15 points and 12 rebounds, his second consecutive 12-rebound performance. But starting guard  Kyle Singler  scored just three points. Golden State forward  Harrison Barnes  was held to 10 points and reserve  Draymond Green , an All-American at Michigan State last season, scored two points in 12 minutes playing in his home state. 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  Detroit has a 25-6 record in the last 31 meetings at home against Golden State but the Warriors have won the last two. ... The Pistons held opponents to 40.6 percent shooting in their previous 11 games but Golden State shot 45.3 percent. ... Detroit is giving up an average of 84.3 points in its victories, compared to 101.3 points in its losses. ... The Warriors won for the first time this season while get out-rebounded. ... Golden State will play six more Eastern Conference opponents during its road trip. "It's a great opportunity for us to bond and to make a statement," Jackson said. ... Prince's previous high this season was 18 points. ... All four of the Pistons reserves who played reached double figures.  
 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Warriors, Friday @ Brooklyn, Saturday @ Washington, Monday @ Charlotte. For the Pistons, Friday vs. Chicago, Saturday @ Cleveland, Monday @ Philadelphia. 
