Notebook: Spurs 99, Suns 96 
 
 
 Tim Price, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Thu Nov 07, 2013 12:24 AM - Updated Thu Nov 07, 2013 12:24 AM 
 
 THE FACT: Tony Parker  went 7-for-7 from the floor to score 15 points in the final 6:44 of the San Antonio Spurs' 99-96 victory over the Phoenix Suns. 
 
 THE LEAD: Markieff Morris  came off the bench and scored 23 points on 11-for-13 shooting and also had 12 rebounds. But it wasn't enough for the Suns, whose  Gerald Green  missed an almost 30-foot 3-point shot at the buzzer and fell to the Spurs on Wednesday at AT&T Center. 
 San Antonio (4-1) had four starters score in double figures, led by 20 from Parker and 19 in a slump-busting night for backcourt mate  Danny Green . 
 Green joined fellow starter  Miles Plumlee  with 15 points for Phoenix (3-2), but the 3-point jumper that came way out from 29 feet because of the offensive confusion at the buzzer clanged off the rim. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We were struggling to score and we were looking slow and tired, and Tony (Parker) made every shot. Incredible."  --  Spurs guard  Manu Ginobili. 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Suns came into the game leading the league in fast break points at almost 25 points per game. But the Spurs gave the Suns only 10 fast break opportunities for nine points tonight. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Parker ended his scoring run in the fourth quarter with maybe his easiest basket of the night. Throwing the ball in from the side on the Suns' end of the court with a one-point lead, Parker got loose past  Eric Bledsoe  and went in for an uncontested layup to give San Antonio the winning 3-point lead with 12.9 seconds left. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "My turnovers and me not knocking down that shot (the 3-pointer at the buzzer), you just can't have plays like that. It's just a learning experience, one of those things where I've got to swallow it. But it's like swallowing an apple. It's hard."  --  Suns' Green. 
 
 
 HOT:  Stuck in a 6-for-23 shooting slump to start the season (26 percent), Danny Green shot 8-for-11 tonight. 
 
 NOT: P.J. Tucker  hit a key corner 3-pointer in the road win the previous night at New Orleans. But he struggled through his worst night with the Suns, going 1-for-7 from the floor. He had been shooting 53 percent from the floor (17-for-32). 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Morris has played 30 minutes in each of the past two games and has scored a total of 40 points and has 17 rebounds. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  The Spurs usually start  Tiago Splitter  with  Tim Duncan  underneath, but they opted for  Boris Diaw  tonight. It allowed the more rangy Diaw to get outside and cover the Suns'  Channing Frye  around the perimeter. Frye shot just 1-for-4 tonight. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  In addition to Bledsoe's blown defensive assignment on Parker on the layup with 12.9 seconds to go, Bledsoe had some poor execution on offense in the final three minutes of the game. Trailing by one and in possession of the ball after a timeout, Bledsoe only used half of the shot clock before he put up a 3-pointer that missed. Still down by one with 20 seconds left, he drove the side of the lane and slipped on a 12-footer that also missed. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH: Dionte Christmas  played almost 15 minutes for the Suns and took just two shots but had four rebounds. Suns 7-footer  Alex Len  missed his third-straight game because of left ankle soreness. 
 
 NOTABLE: Goran Dragic  did not play because of a nagging ankle injury that has bothered him since the preseason (it's his second straight missed game, but he's expected back Friday at home against the Nuggets). ... Phoenix streak of double-digit 3-pointers made ends at two games. ... There was a stretch from the point Morris came into the game until late in the first half when he came out with his third foul, Morris shot 9-for-10. Over the same stretch, the Spurs managed just one more field goal made (they were 10-for-26). ...  Matt Bonner  did not dress for San Antonio after he experienced left calf tightness in the first half the previous night in a road win at Denver. 
 
 UP NEXT : For the Suns, Friday vs. Denver, Sunday vs. New Orleans, Wednesday @ Portland. For the Spurs, Friday vs. Golden State, Sunday @ New York, Monday @ Philadelphia. 
