  Nuggets-Mavericks notebook   By Dave Ivey, for NBA.com Posted Thursday April 7, 2011 12:18AM THE FACTS:   J.R. Smith  scored 13 of his 23 points in the fourth quarter to lead the balanced Nuggets to a 104-96 victory in Dallas on Wednesday against the slumping Mavericks.  Shawn Marion  tallied 21 points and 10 rebounds and  Dirk Nowitzki  scored 20 for Dallas, which has dropped four straight and is just 8-9 in its last 17 games with four games remaining before the playoffs. All eight players who saw the court for Denver scored at least nine points, with  Kenyon Martin  (18),  Wilson Chandler  (16),  Danilo Gallinari  (10) and  Al Harrington  (10) joining Smith in double figures.  Nene  grabbed 15 rebounds.  J.J. Barea  was one of three Mavericks reserves in double figures with 12 points and 10 assists. QUOTABLE:  "I thought J.R. had a great game, especially in the second half. He was making some 3s and every time we needed a field goal, he got one for us. And it was good to see him get to the rim a couple of times and not just totally be settling on jumpers."   --Nuggets head coach  George Karl THE STAT:  The Mavericks have lost nine straight against likely Western Conference playoff teams, dating all the way back to a 109-100 victory against the Lakers on Jan. 19 in Dallas. They lost the season series to the Nuggets, 3-1. TURNING POINT:  Dallas whittled away a 16-point second-half deficit and knotted the game at 94-94 with 2:51 remaining on two free throws by  Rodrigue Beaubois , but did not score again until Beaubois hit a runner with 19.5 seconds left (goaltending called on Martin). Between those buckets, Smith took control of the game by converting a tough layup in traffic, sinking a 23-foot jumper and then burying a dagger 3-pointer. HOT:  Smith was 5-for-6 from the field in the fourth quarter, including 3-for-4 behind the arc. In 21 games since the All-Star break, he is shooting 46.7 percent (49-for-105) from 3-point range. NOT:  Dallas shot 22.7 percent (5-for-22) from 3-point distance against the Nuggets and has shot 25.8 percent (25-for-97) during its four-game slide. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Mavericks center  Brendan Haywood  corralled a season-high 19 rebounds (eight on the offensive glass) and rejected five shots. He also scored just one point, however, going 0-for-1 from the field and 1-for-6 at the free-throw line. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Fans lined up around the American Airlines Center before the game, hoping to get their hands on a rare double bobble-head doll featuring Mavericks stars and "Future Hall of Famers" Nowitzki and  Jason Kidd . ... NASCAR driver  Joey Logano , in town for Saturday's Samsung Mobile 500 at Texas Motor Speedway, was in the crowd. GOOD MOVE:  Taking advantage of his rare playing time, Dallas forward  Corey Brewer  logged nearly 20 minutes and finished with 13 points and three steals off the bench. He had not played at all in six straight games before getting four minutes of action in Sunday's loss at Portland. NOTABLE:  After playing in each of the first 77 games in his 17th NBA season, Kidd got the night off to rest with the playoffs approaching. The 38-year-old point guard wasn't the only Dallas starter out of commission, with center  Tyson Chandler  (lower back) missing his second straight game. The Nuggets weren't at full strength either, playing without guard  Arron Afflalo  (left hamstring), forward  Chris Andersen  (right ankle) and rookie center  Timofey Mozgov  (left knee and ankle). UP NEXT:  For the Mavericks, Friday vs. Los Angeles Clippers, Sunday vs. Phoenix, Monday @ New Orleans. For the Nuggets, Friday @ Oklahoma City, Saturday vs. Minnesota, Monday vs. Golden State.  