
 Sixers-Hawks notebook   By Matt Winkeljohn, for NBA.com Posted Friday December 3, 2010 11:36PM THE FACTS:  The 76ers led from the first basket of the game until the final 31 seconds Friday night in Atlanta before the Hawks won 93-88. After building an 18-point second-quarter lead and carrying the action most of the night to include a 13-point fourth-quarter lead, the 76ers suffered what coach  Doug Collins  described as "tightness" while Atlanta outscored them 21-3 over the final 8:32. The Hawks won their fifth straight game, and moved to 2-0 without All-Star guard  Joe Johnson  as  Marvin Williams  continued his hot streak with a game-high and season high-tying 22 points. Center  Al Horford  and  Jamal Crawford  added 15 points each. Horford registered the go-ahead three-point play after cutting straight down the lane and taking a pass from backup center  Zaza Pachulia . The 76ers fell to 1-10 on the road and saw a two-game winning streak snapped.  Elton Brand  led Philly with 16 points and 14 rebounds. QUOTABLE:  "The last two games, we've really played together. Guys made shots when we needed to make shots. We've grown. In the past, we might have let that one slip away."    -- Marvin Williams, who has scored 17, 15 and 22 points in the past three games. THE STAT:  For the 10th time in their 19 games, the 76ers attempted fewer free throws (making 13-for-19) than their opponent made (Atlanta made 23-for-28). Philadelphia, which has lost all 10 of those games, made more shots than Atlanta (36-33). With a 5-14 record, Philadelphia this season has made 34 more shots than opponents, but sank 108 fewer free throws. TURNING POINT:  After Brand made one of two free throws with 8:45 left in the game for an 85-72 lead, the 76ers made just one of 13 shots the rest of the game, and struggled horribly to create quality shots as Atlanta defenders scrambled madly and Philly's impatience had a multiplying effect. This prompted 76ers coach Doug Collins to say, "It seemed like every time we were getting ready to score, something bizarre would happen [like turnovers on three straight possessions in the middle of the fourth]. That's our youth showing itself. We lost a golden opportunity to beat a good team on the road." QUOTABLE II:  "It's got to be a situation where we go out there and outwork our opponent. We weren't doing that early so I made some substitutions to get the high-energy guys out on the floor that were playing together the best. Al ... played a lot at [power forward] tonight [with Pachulia at center], which was a big key because we were able to post him."    -- Atlanta coach  Larry Drew , who deployed  Jamal Crawford  (35:40), Pachulia (25:55) and  Jeff Teague  (19:11) more than usual, in the cases of Pachulia and Teague much more than recently. HOT:  It didn't last for long, but 76ers starting center  Spencer Hawes  was on fire in the first quarter when he scored nine points in a 13-4 Philly run that pushed the 76ers' lead to 26-14. He had all of his points, five of his eight rebounds, and three of his four assists in that period. . . . Horford, who had 13 points and nine rebounds in the second half, made all five of his free throws. Over the past six games he made 21 of 22 (95.5 percent). For the season, he's shooting 87.3 percent from the line and his stroke at the line has caused Drew to call his number more in the fourth quarter. . . . In his backup point guard role, Teague has scored eight and six points in the past two games with five and four assists. He also had a season-high five rebounds Friday. NOT:  The 76ers missed 12 their final eight shots over the last 3:13. . . . . Atlanta's  Josh Smith  grabbed 10 rebounds, but he made just 5-for-15 shots, and coach Drew had him on the bench in the fourth quarter from the 6:04 mark until he subbed back in for Pachulia for defensive purposes with 12 seconds left. . . . 76ers reserve forward  Thaddeus Young  missed his only 3-point try, and has not made one in his past five games (he's only attempted three in that span). FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  With Johnson out 4-6 weeks after undergoing surgery Thursday to remove a loose body from his right elbow, Williams will continue to be asked to do more. He made 7-for-12 shots Friday, and in his past three games has made 19-for-34 (55.9 percent) while averaging 18 points. BAD MOVE:  Collins' decision to over-play the ball late in the game burned the 76ers several times as Atlanta began recognizing double teams and moving the ball quickly, a few times making two quick passes out of the double team to the scorer -- as on Horford's go-ahead play with 31 seconds left. ROOKIE WATCH:  After moving back out of the starting lineup follow a stretch of serious struggle, Philly's  Evan Turner  appeared comfortable offensively while scoring 11 points on 5-for-7 shooting with four rebounds. Evans, the No. 2 overall pick in the Draft, became a starter a couple weeks ago when guard/forward  Andre Iguodala  went down for four games with a sore Achilles' tendon. Turner averaged 11.5 points, 6.3 rebounds and 3.8 assists in those games, but in four games since Iguodala returned and they were both in the starting lineup, Turner's numbers slipped horribly to 1.8 points, 1.5 rebounds and 1.5 assists. Their similar styles have made finding chemistry together difficult, although they were on the court at the same time some Friday. Guard  Jodie Meeks  started rather than Turner Friday. NOTABLE:  The 76ers' last two chances to change the outcome were painful plays. When they were trailing 89-88, Atlanta's Crawford missed two free throws with 18 seconds left, Pachulia grabbed the rebounding while between two 76ers, and passed to Crawford. He made two more free throws after being fouled. Then, after a timeout with the Atlanta lead at 91-88, Meeks -- who made his first NBA start in his hometown -- dropped an inbounds pass with 8.9 seconds left. Horford scooped it up easily, was fouled, and made two free throws to close the scoring. UP NEXT:  For the 76ers, Saturday vs. Bobcats, Tuesday vs. Cavs, Thursday vs. Celtics. For the Hawks, Saturday @ Heat, Monday @ Magic, Tuesday vs. Nets. 
