  Nuggets-Hornets notebook   By Larry Holder, for NBA.com Posted Monday March 14, 2011 11:13PM THE FACTS:  Guards  Ty Lawson  and  Raymond Felton  was a potent one-two punch as Lawson had 23 points and 10 assists, while Felton had 22 points and 12 assists as the Denver Nuggets knocked off the New Orleans Hornets 114-103 on Monday night at he New Orleans Arena. The Nuggets now sit two games above the Hornets for the fifth spot in the Western Conference and are 8-2 since the  Carmelo Anthony  trade. QUOTABLE:  "When you go into a game and you have the scouting report, you can see one superstar or two superstars. But when you can spread the court, you've got to worry about this guys, this guy and that guy coming off the bench it's kind of tough to defend. Sometimes your defensive principles go out of the game and things can get away offensively."   --Nuggets forward  Wilson Chandler , who scored 21 points, on seeing production from multiple players THE STAT:  Denver was on fire from 3-point land shooting 17 of 29 for a 58.6 percent clip. The Nuggets carried their hot hand over from their last game where they shot 48.6 percent beyond the arc making 18 3-pointers. TURNING POINT:  The Nuggets really attacked the Hornets in the second quarter putting up 35 points to take a 58-45 lead into halftime. Denver's hot shooting continued in the third quarter as the Nuggets put up 36 points and gave the Hornets no chance at a comeback. QUOTABLE II:  "I thought the 3-ball messed with us a little bit. You see that ball got through the hole 17 times from the 3, it tends to mess with your psyche. ... It's one of those games you have in the NBA where they just shoot the ball better than you've ever seen before."   --Hornets coach  Monty Williams  on Denver's hot 3-point shooting HOT:  Despite the loss, Hornets guard  Chris Paul  is back to his All-Star form scoring a game-high 27 points along with 10 assists and seven steals. Paul was really the only consistent force for the Hornets all game. NOT:  Hornets forward  David West  struggled going 2 of 9 from the floor for only six points. West missed plenty of open looks that he would typically make. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Louisiana governor  Bobby Jindal  and New Orleans mayor  Mitch Landrieu  attended Monday night's game as they teamed up with the Hornets for a new marketing campaign to promote ticket sales. NOTABLE:  Nuggets forward  Danilo Gallinari  (left big toe fracture) and guard  Arron Afflalo  (left hamstring strain) won't play Monday night in New Orleans. Karl said he does anticipate both players returning to action at some point during the road trip, but not Monday night. ... Chandler played the first half with a jersey with his name misspelled on the back reading "Chanlder." He started the second half with a correctly spelled jersey. ... The paid attendance was 11,782, which is the fourth lowest of the season. UP NEXT:  For the Nuggets, Wednesday @ Atlanta, Friday @ Orlando, Saturday @ Miami. For the Hornets, Wednesday vs. Phoenix, Saturday vs. Boston, March 24 @ Utah.  