  Knicks-Rockets notebook   By Matt Miller, for NBA.com Posted Thursday January 20, 2011 2:08AM THE FACTS:  Perhaps the Houston Rockets would enjoy playing against winning Eastern-Conference teams more often. Kevin Martin  led six Rockets in double figures with 21 points, as Houston knocked off the New York Knicks 104-89 Wednesday at Toyota Center.  Kyle Lowry  added 18 points and four assists for the Rockets (20-23), who have won three consecutive games overall and three straight against Eastern Conference teams with plus-.500 records. Amar'e Stoudemire  scored a game-high 25 points to pace the Knicks (22-19), who have lost four in a row overall and six of eight on the road. QUOTABLE:  "[The Knicks] can put points up in a hurry. It shows that we can come out and maintain our concentration on our rotations and play good individual defense. ... It shows what we're capable of when we really concentrate on the defensive end."   -- Rockets forward  Shane Battier , who scored 12 points on 5-for-6 shooting, on his team's defensive intensity THE STAT:  Houston has allowed only 20 second-chance points (6.7 per game) during its three-game win streak. THE STAT II:  The Rockets held the league's highest scoring team, which entered Wednesday averaging 107.5 points, to 89 points overall and 39 points in the second half. TURNING POINT:  New York made its first three shots in the fourth quarter to cut its deficit to five points with less than 11 minutes remaining. But the Knicks' offense could not sustain this surge, as New York missed eight of its next nine attempts (four were blocked) and allowed Houston to push its lead to 96-83 with 5:30 left to play. QUOTABLE II:  "We have to stop talking, and we just have to execute. We're not communicating or playing aggressively and getting after it the way we can."   -- Stoudemire HOT:  Lowry had the hot hand for Houston through the first three quarters of the game, sinking eight of 12 field-goal attempts. He has reached double figures in five of his last six outings and is averaging 16.8 points in this period. NOT: Wilson Chandler 's recent shooting struggles continued Wednesday, when he shot 4-for-13 from the field. Chandler has netted only 24 of 62 attempts (38.7 percent) over the last four games. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Stoudemire scored 20 points for the 26th consecutive game, three shy of the Knicks' franchise record set by  Richie Guerin  in 1962. He also committed five turnovers and struggled on the boards, pulling down just five rebounds. Fantasy owners know Stoudemire is one of the best scoring options available in the NBA, so they have to live with his lackluster rebounding outputs. GOOD MOVE:  Houston coach  Rick Adelman 's decision to play the post duo of  Jordan Hill  and  Chuck Hayes  for most of the fourth quarter. Hill's length and Hayes' lower-body strength combined to prevent Stoudemire from dominating offensively when New York needed it most. QUOTABLE III:  "He's such a hard guard because his first step is so fast and strong. All I could do is make every shot tough. ... I stayed in front of him and kept making him go to his week end (the right)."   -- Hayes on defending Stoudemire one-on-one BAD MOVE:  The Rockets fell in love with the 3-ball after making four of eight attempts from long range in the first quarter. This trend did not continue, as Houston finished the game 8-for-31 (25.8 percent) from downtown, but it did not scare the Rockets from launching treys throughout the game. ROOKIE WATCH:  Knicks guard  Landry Fields  scored nine points on 3-for-6 shooting, grabbed six rebounds and stole the ball twice in 32-plus minutes of action. NOTABLE:  New York has not won in Houston since Nov. 18, 2004 and has lost 12 of its last 13 meetings with the Rockets. ... Houston has scored at least 60 points in a half 16 times this season. ... Rockets guard  Chase Budinger  snatched a season-high-tying eight rebounds. ... Hayes matched season highs of three steals and two blocks. UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Friday @ San Antonio (ESPN), Saturday @ Oklahoma City, Monday vs. Washington (NBA TV). For the Rockets, Friday @ Memphis, Saturday vs. Orlando, Monday @ Minnesota.  