  Notebook: Heat 99, Suns 95 Posted Tuesday March 20, 2012 11:35PM By Shandel Richardson, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The Miami Heat defeated the Phoenix Suns 99-95 Tuesday at AmericanAirlines Arena. Forward  Chris Bosh  turned in his second straight solid game, scoring 29 points and grabbing eight rebounds. But it was the Heat's defense that got them back into the game. They trailed most of the second half before making a run midway through the fourth quarter. Down by 10, they went on a 17-0 run to regain the lead. Forward  LeBron James  added 20 points, eight rebounds and six assists while guard  Dwyane Wade  finished with 19 points, seven rebounds and five assists. The Heat improved to 7-4 since the All-Star Break. The loss snapped a four-game winning streak for the Suns, who committed 20 turnovers. Phoenix was led by  Grant Hill's  19 points, but center  Marcin Gortat  was a non-factor. He finished with 13 points and eight rebounds. QUOTABLE:  "To start the game, it was not our best. To finish the game, it was more our style. It was more aggressive in the second half, particularly in the fourth quarter."   -- Heat coach  Erik Spoelstra  said. THE STAT: Despite Wade and James combining to shoot 14 of 35, the Heat still shot 47 percent from the field. They received solid games from Bosh,  Udonis Haslem  and  Dexter Pittman . TURNING POINT:  Trailing 90-80 midway through the fourth quarter, the Heat went on a 17-0 run to take control. The Suns during the stretch missed nine straight shots and had two turnovers. QUOTABLE II:  "It's always good to have these tests. It was a good test to have because we didn't come out playing (well) and we had to find a way to win. It's been like the last couple of weeks."   --Bosh HOT:  With Wade and James both struggling from the field, Bosh took it upon himself. He shot 12 of 16 from the field and made 5 of 6 from the free throw line. NOT:  Suns center  Channing Frye  made just 1-of-7 shots, failing to take advantage of the mismatch. He was outplayed by second-year center  Dexter Pittman , who was making his first career start. GOOD MOVE:  For the second straight game, the Heat got early production from Bosh. He scored 11 of the team's first 13 points. The Heat are now 14-2 when Bosh scores double-figures in the first half. BAD MOVE:  The Suns extended the lead to 10 with Nash and Gortat on the bench, but coach  Alvin Gentry  may have stuck with his reserves too long. It seemed to affect the starters' rhythm when the Heat were able to climb back into the game. NOTABLE:  Miami center  Joel Anthony  did not play because of a sprained ankle. It was the first game he missed this season. He is expected to play Friday at Detroit. Heat forward  Mike Miller  missed his fifth straight game with a sprained left ankle. Miami has won 14 straight games at home, and improved to a league-best 20-2 at AmericanAirlines Arena. UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Friday @ Detroit, Sunday @ OKC, Monday @ Indian. For the Suns, Wednesday @ Orland, Friday @ Indiana, Sunday @ Cleveland.  