  Notebook: Rockets 107, Lakers 104 Posted Wednesday March 21, 2012 12:57AM By Matt Miller For NBA.com     THE FACTS:  The Houston Rockets erased a 17-point first-half deficit only to find themselves trailing by double-digits again midway through the fourth quarter. Another comeback? Against  Kobe Bryant  and the Los Angeles Lakers? No matter.  Luis Scola  scored 23 points on 9-for-13 shooting, and  Courtney Lee  added 23 points, five rebounds and four assists as Houston overcame a 12-point deficit over the final six-plus minutes of regulation to knock off the Lakers 107-104 on Tuesday at Toyota Center. The Rockets (25-22), winners of three of their last five games, outrebounded L.A. 15-7 overall and 7-2 offensively in the fourth period to fuel the unlikely comeback.     Bryant scored 29 points on 27 shot attempts to lead the Lakers (28-18), who have followed a five-game winning streak with back-to-back losses.  Pau Gasol  finished with 21 points on 10-for-14 shooting, while  Andrew Bynum  chipped in with 16 points and seven boards before he was ejected for arguing with an official with 1:10 remaining in the third quarter.      QUOTABLE:  "They got a lot of rebounds. There was one stretch where they got three or four cracks at a possession, and that changes the momentum of the game."   -- Bryant on the key to Houston's late-game spurt      THE STAT:  The Lakers have struggled to play well on the defensive end over the last few games, and ineffective offense and turnovers are two major reasons behind this. L.A., which allowed 24 points off 15 turnovers Tuesday, has surrendered an average of 20.5 points off 17.8 turnovers per game in its last six contests.      TURNING POINT:  After blowing a 17-point lead, the Lakers appeared to have regained control of the game when they surged to a 95-83 lead with 6:40 remaining in the fourth quarter. In desperate need of a win, the Rockets responded with their best stretch of basketball since the All-Star break. Thanks to seven buckets in nine shots and strong defense and rebounding on the other end of the court, Houston ripped off a 17-2 run to grab a 100-97 advantage with two minutes left to play. Bryant would not be denied, however, sandwiching a pair of jumpers around a Rockets' free throw to tie the game at 101. Seconds after Bryant quieted the crowd,  Goran Dragic  (16 points, 13 assists, seven rebounds) caught a crisp pass from Lee and sent the Houston faithful into a frenzy by burying a 3-pointer that put the Rockets ahead 104-101 with 28 seconds remaining. For the second game in a row, Bryant had a decent look at a game-tying basket, but his shot did not fall.      QUOTABLE II:  "I was confident that it was going to go in. I was making fun of Courtney [Lee], saying, 'I did it. In Oklahoma City, I passed you that corner 3, and now you did it for me.'"    -- Dragic on his trey in the final minute, which proved to be the margin of victory      HOT:  Bynum has received a lot of attention for his impressive performance of late, but Gasol (21 points on 10-for-14 shooting) has also been on quite a tear. The 7-footer from Spain has averaged 16.7 points on 53.0 percent (62-for-117) shooting, 9.9 rebounds, 3.9 assists and 1.8 blocks over his last nine outings.      NOT:  Bryant shot the ball better against the Rockets than he did during Sunday's 3-for-20 brickfest, but he was far from efficient offensively. Including Tuesday's 10-for-27 performance, Bryant has shot just 27.7 percent (13-for-47) from the field over his last two games.      GOOD MOVE:  Bynum terrorized Houston's frontline early in this game, but the Rockets responded by sending double-teams at the 285-pound center. Bynum, known for his inability to pass out of double-teams, repeatedly turned the ball over and got tied up for jump-balls. Without making the change in its defensive approach, Houston may have been run out of its own arena before halftime. BAD MOVE:  Perhaps Bynum's frustrations with going against two defenders at once overwhelmed him, because he was kicked out of the game after picking up his second technical foul with 1:10 left in the third quarter. Bynum did not even get his money's worth for the ejection, considering he received the technical as Rockets center  Marcus Camby  was shooting free throws. Not surprisingly, L.A. was crushed on the boards after Bynum strolled to the locker room. QUOTABLE III:  "We need him on the floor. He, nor anybody else right now, should put themselves in jeopardy even if [the ref's ruling] was unjustified. Nobody can put themselves in jeopardy to get themselves removed from the ballgame."    -- L.A. coach  Mike Brown  on Bynum's ejection      BAD MOVE II:  Bynum slapped hands with a few fans while walking off the court and then refused to speak with the media after the game, which could put a small dent in his bank account if he is indeed fined for his questionable actions.      NOTABLE:  Bryant played without a protective mask on his face for the first time since  Dwyane Wade  injured him on a hard foul during the All-Star game. ... The Rockets played without leading scorer  Kevin Martin  (strained right shoulder) for the fifth consecutive game. ... Former Rocket  Yao Ming  attended Tuesday's game, marking his first appearance at a Houston game since his retirement. ... Houston won for only the third time this season (3-18) when trailing after three quarters. ... The Rockets overcame a double-digit deficit in a victory for just the second time this season. ... Houston is now 8-3 in games decided by four points or less. ... The Rockets netted a season-high 34 points in the fourth quarter. ... L.A. lost for only the second time this season (10-2) when scoring at least 100 points and for the first time this season (7-1) when shooting at least 50 percent overall. ...The Lakers scored a season-high 40 points in the first period. ... Dragic has scored at least 10 points in a career-high nine consecutive games.     UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Wednesday @ Dallas (ESPN), Friday vs. Portland, Sunday vs. Memphis (ESPN). For the Rockets, Thursday vs. Golden State, Saturday vs. Dallas (NBA TV), Monday vs. Sacramento.  