Notebook: Grizzlies 94, Warriors 87 
 
 
 Geoff Lepper, For NBA.com 
 
Posted Thu Jan 10, 2013 2:41 AM - Updated Thu Jan 10, 2013 7:41 PM 
 
 THE FACTS: Zach Randolph  had 19 points and 12 rebounds and his league-leading 23rd double-double helped the Memphis Grizzlies pull away in the final 3 1/2 minutes for a 94-87 victory against the Golden State Warriors on Wednesday night. 
 With trade rumors swirling around him,  Rudy Gay  showcased his skills with 18 points, six assists and five rebounds.  Mike Conley  had 16 points for the Grizzlies (23-10), who received double-figure scoring from all five starters while sweeping their three-game Western road swing. 
 The Grizzlies have now won eight straight games against the Warriors (22-12), who came back twice to tie the game in the fourth quarter -- the last occasion with 3:32 remaining -- but never led in the second half. 
 
 Stephen Curry 's game-high 24 points went to waste for the Warriors, who have lost consecutive games for only the second time all season.  Klay Thompson  had 20 points, seven rebounds and seven assists in one of his most complete games as a pro. 
 
 QUOTABLE : "Our focus was to come in and get three wins. We did that. What a great way to come close it out in the last game. We played hard for 48 minutes again. We weathered that storm."  
 -- Grizzlies guard  Tony Allen 
 
 
 THE STAT : In a game where both teams shot almost the same percentage from the floor (46.5 for Golden State, 45.5 for Memphis), it was a case of quantity over quality; the Grizzlies parlayed 13 offensive rebounds and a 15-11 advantage in forcing turnovers to generate 17 more shot attempts than the Warriors. That allowed Memphis to prevail despite shooting 11.8 percent from 3-point range (2-for-17). 
 
 TURNING POINT : Conley struggled for significant stretches Wednesday -- committing five turnovers against just four assists -- but he was in the thick of it when Memphis pulled away. With the Grizzlies nursing an 84-82 lead, Conley picked up a pass deflected by teammate  Marc Gasol  and took it the length of the floor before forcing a foul on Curry. Conley then drained both free throws to put Memphis up four. On Golden State's next possession,  Jerryd Bayless  snuffed out a mid-range jumper by  Jarrett Jack . Conley scooped up the rebound and capped a fast-break by converting a layup off Gay's assist. Memphis led 88-82 with 1:51 left, and the Warriors would never get another chance to tie the game. 
 
 QUOTABLE II : "The offensive rebounds, and then just the plays that you need to beat a team like that, we didn't capitalize on them or gain enough possessions. And, if they shoot 17 extra shots, with the talent they have, it's going to be tough to beat them."  
 -- Stephen Curry 
 
 HOT : After getting just six offensive rebounds through three quarters, Memphis more than doubled with seven in the fourth period alone. Twenty of Memphis' 26 points in the fourth were in the paint, and 10 came on second-chance possessions. 
 
 NOT : Jack has been a key performer down the stretch of games for the Warriors this season, but he was shutout in the fourth quarter Wednesday, despite playing all 12 minutes. 
 
 GOOD MOVE : When the Warriors rode a burst of defensive momentum from their zone defense to tie the game at 74-all with 7:35 left, Memphis coach  Lionel Hollins  wasted no time bringing back his entire frontcourt of Gay, Randolph and Gasol. The trio combined to score 14 of the Grizzlies' final 20 points and even forced the Warriors to briefly abandon their preferred closing frontcourt -- a relatively diminutive group of Lee,  Carl Landry  and Thompson. 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA: Robert Pera , who took over as Memphis' majority owner in November, sat near courtside. 
 
 NOTABLE : The Grizzlies' 11.8 percent shooting on 3s was their season-worst. It also represented a season-low for a Warriors opponent.  . . . Memphis' 60 points in the paint was the most by any Golden State foe.  . . . It was  Mark Jackson 's 100th game as the Warriors' coach. He's now 45-55 lifetime. 
 
 UP NEXT : For the Grizzlies, Friday vs. San Antonio, Saturday @ Dallas, Monday vs. Clippers. For the Warriors, Friday vs. Portland, Sunday @ Denver, Wednesday vs. Miami. 
