  Celtics-Bulls notebook   By Kent McDill, for NBA.com Posted Saturday January 8, 2011 11:27PM THE FACTS:  In a game played with playoff-like defensive intensity,  Derrick Rose  scored 36 points, 15 from the free throw line, to lead the Bulls to a 90-79 home win over the Boston Celtics Saturday. The Bulls held the Celtics to 38 percent shooting.  Paul Pierce  led the Celtics with 21 points, and  Ray Allen  had 19.  Carlos Boozer  had 22 points and 10 rebounds for the Bulls, who ended a two-game losing streak. The Celtics had their own four-game winning streak halted. THE FACTS II:  The Celtics start a six-game homestand Monday against Houston. They host the Rockets, Sacramento, Charlotte, Orlando, Detroit and Utah in that stretch. THE STAT:  Rose, who has complained about not getting the calls he should on drives to the basket, was 15-for-19 Saturday. The Bulls were 25-for-35 as a team, while the Celtics were 18-for-22 from the line. QUOTABLE:  "I'm still learning how to get fouled.''    -- Derrick Rose. THE STAT II:  The Bulls outrebounded the Celtics 48-27, but also committed 21 turnovers to just eight for Boston. TURNING POINT:  Driving the lane the entire game, Rose pulled up for back-to-back jumpers to give the Bulls an 80-70 lead with 4:57 remaining. THE MOMENT:   Doc Rivers , who had Bulls coach  Tom Thibodeau  as an assistant coach before Thibodeau was hired as the Bulls' head coach this summer, walked downcourt to shake Thibodeau's hand with 15 seconds left in the game. HOT:  Rose was 10-for-19 from the field to go with his 15-for-19 night from the line. NOT:  Boston's  Glen Davis  was 4-for-17 from the field and held to only three rebounds in 43 minutes. ROOKIE WATCH:  One night after recording a double-double with 17 points and 11 rebounds, former Notre Dame star  Luke Harangody  had zero points and two rebounds in 13-plus minutes. QUOTABLE II:  "We put more into it and got more out of it."    -- Carlos Boozer. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Just minutes before tip-off, Chicago Bears receivers  Johnny Knox  and  Devin Hester  watched the end of the Seattle-New Orleans NFL game with several members of the Boston Celtics, including Bears fan Luke Harangody, the former Notre Dame star, while standing outside the Celtics' locker room. The Bears had a bye in the first week of playoffs and host a playoff game Jan. 16. GOOD MOVE:   Ronnie Brewer , the Bulls' backup shooting guard, played almost 33 minutes, scored 10 points on four-for-five shooting, grabbed six rebounds and had a pair of steals. NOTABLE:  On the Celtics' locker room dry-erase board, the pregame coach's notes included the message "Make Boozer earn it." Carlos Boozer's first basket came at the 5:00 mark of the first quarter, when he grabbed an offensive rebound between Celtics  Shaquille O'Neal  and Glen Davis, pump-faked, danced around on his pivot foot, then threw up a prayer while falling on his back. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Monday vs. Detroit, Wednesday at Charlotte, Friday at Indiana. For the Celtics, Monday vs. Houston, Wednesday vs. Sacramento, Friday vs. Charlotte.  