Notebook: Nets 99, Suns 79 
 
 
 Jake Appleman, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Jan 11, 2013 10:56 PM - Updated Fri Jan 11, 2013 10:56 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:  In a classic tale of two halves, the undermanned Nets rebounded from a lackluster first 24 minutes to rout the Phoenix Suns, 99-79, at Barclays Center. The Nets improved to 14-0 when playing a team with a sub .500 record and won a third straight game by 20 or more points for the first time in franchise history. Five Nets finished in double figures, highlighted by very solid performances off the bench from  MarShon Brooks  (a season-high 17 points) and  Andray Blatche  (15 points, eight rebounds).  Jared Dudley  popped in an efficient 18 points for the Suns. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We just had a talk, led by Reggie. We just had a talk. We needed to play with some energy."  --  Brooks, on the Nets focusing on turning the game around at halftime .   
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Suns shot 9-38 (23.7 percent) in the second half and committed ten turnovers.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Nets ran off a 10-0 run after  Marcin Gortat  started the third quarter with a jump shot.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "Obviously, it was a disappointing second half. We didn't execute offensively and we did a very poor job defensively."  --  Suns coach  Alvin Gentry.   
 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  Rapper  Young Jeezy  and model  Tyra Banks  attended the game.  
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:   Gerald Wallace  took a hard foul from  P.J. Tucker  midway through the first quarter. The foul was initially ruled a flagrant-1, but was downgraded to just a foul after an official review Wallace was not able to shoot the free throws and the Suns elected rookie  Tyshawn Taylor  to shoot. Taylor's 40 seconds in the first quarter was the only court action seen by a rookie with the outcome undecided.  
 
 NOTABLE: Joe Johnson  started despite being gametime decision (illness) and scored 19 points. ... Coney Island native  Sebastian Telfair  scored 7 points and dished out four assists in 17 minutes. Telfair spoke fondly of the area and the arena before the game. ... The Nets' bench outscored the opposing team's bench for the fifth consecutive game. ... The Suns committed twice as many fouls as the Nets and Nets not named  Reggie Evans  (1-6) took advantage, converting 24 of 26. ...  Deron Williams  (15 points, six assists) suffered a right thigh contusion in the third quarter. He returned to the game after heading back to the locker room. "Gerald they took home and Deron has about feet of wrap and ice all around him," Nets coach  P.J. Carlesimo  said. "We are hurting right now."  
 
 UP NEXT : For the Suns, Saturday @ Chicago, Monday vs. Oklahoma City, Thursday vs. Milwaukee. For the Nets, Sunday vs. Indiana, Tuesday vs. Toronto, Wednesday @ Atlanta.   
