  Bulls-Lakers notebook   By Dan Arritt, for NBA.com Posted Sunday December 25, 2011 9:35PM THE FACTS:  The Bulls rallied from an 11-point deficit with 3 and 1/2 minutes remaining Sunday against the Lakers, taking the lead on a jump hook in the lane by point guard  Derrick Rose  with 4.8 seconds left at Staples Center, then holding on for the 88-87 victory when  Luol Deng  blocked  Kobe Bryant's  driving shot at the buzzer. QUOTABLE:  "I'm going to give my best player a chance to win the game."   -- Lakers coach  Mike Brown THE STAT:  The Bulls were limited to 32 second-half points and missed 17 of their first 18 field-goal attempts in the fourth quarter, but converted six of the their final seven to escape with the victory. TURNING POINT:  The Lakers had the ball and a one-point lead with 20.4 seconds remaining.  Metta World Peace  in-bounded to Bryant, who was double-teamed near the half-court line. He tried to pass over the defenders to  Pau Gasol  at the top of the key, but Deng stole the ball from behind and got it to Rose, who weaved through the defense and shot over Gasol. Bryant, playing with a torn ligament in his right wrist, finished with eight turnovers, matching the third-highest total of his career. QUOTABLE:  "Turnovers and free throws."   -- Bryant when asked how the Lakers lost the game HOT:  As cold as the Bulls were to start the fourth quarter, they were at the opposite end of the thermostat to close the first half, converting 13 of their final 14 field-goal attempts. The only miss came on a rare blocked shot by Lakers guard  Derek Fisher . The Bulls led, 56-49, at the half. NOT:  Gasol and  Josh McRoberts  each went 0-for-2 from the free-throw line in the final 1:40 of the game and the Lakers finished 11-for-20 from the stripe overall. Gasol also fouled Deng as he scored on a lay up after grabbing his own missed 3-pointer with 45 seconds left, allowing the Bulls to make it a one-possession game. GOOD MOVE:  After Bryant's fourth turnover of the first half, Rose took World Peace to school when he began dribbling the ball away from the basket and toward the perimeter. He quickly changed course with a behind-the-back dribble and took the ball down the baseline and past World Peace, laying it in for a three-point lead with 5:41 remaining in the first half. Rose finished with a team-high 22 points and five assists. BAD MOVE:  With 2 and 1/2 minutes remaining in the game and the Lakers holding a five-point lead, Brown decided to put the inexperienced  Devin Ebanks  on the floor in place of World Peace, a more seasoned defender. By the time Brown could get World Peace back in the game with 20 seconds left, Deng was in the process of hitting a second consecutive free throw to cut the deficit to one. NOTABLE:  Bryant finished with 28 points, the 14th straight regular season game in which he has totaled at least 20. That mark equals  Carmelo Anthony  of the Knicks for the longest-active streak in the NBA. ... Lakers guard  Steve Blake  finished with 12 points off the bench, his highest-scoring game since he had 14 on Nov. 5, 2010 against the Raptors. ... The Lakers fell to 4-9 on Christmas Day. UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Monday @ Sacramento, Tuesday vs. Utah, Thursday vs. New York. For the Bulls, Monday @ Golden State, Thursday @ Sacramento, Friday @ Clippers.  