  Bulls-Hawks notebook   By Jon Cooper, for NBA.com Posted Thursday March 3, 2011 12:02AM THE FACTS: Al Horford  tied his career-high with 31 points, including a slam dunk off a give-and-go pass from  Jamal Crawford , with 29.4 seconds left as the Hawks rallied from 19 points down to beat the Chicago Bulls 83-80 Wednesday night at Philips Arena. The Hawks, playing without injured forward  Josh Smith,  spotted the Bulls the first 14 points of the game, trailed 44-25 with 2:40 left in the first half, and never led until Horford's basket, which completed the comeback. Atlanta outscored Chicago 50-30 in the second half. The Hawks All-Star, who also grabbed a game-high 16 rebounds, then picked off a bad  Carlos Boozer  pass intended for  Derrick Rose  leading to a  Joe Johnson  breakaway slam that made it 83-80. Chicago had a final chance to tie, but  Kyle Korver , who'd hit his first two three-point attempts, came up short. Johnson and  Jamal Crawford  each had 12 for Atlanta, which raised its record to 37-24, 18-9 at home.  Luol Deng  led the Central Division leaders with 15, while Rose had 12 points and 12 assists and  Joakim Noah  went for 13 and 12. Chicago falls to 41-19, 15-14 away from home. QUOTABLE:  "He was absolutely a beast tonight. I was a little concerned in the fourth quarter. I thought he might have gotten a little winded. I was going to actually get him out of the game and give him a quick blow, but I couldn't take him out. He was playing too well and we were right there."    -- Atlanta coach  Larry Drew  on Horford THE STAT:  16.7 percent -- Chicago starters Deng, Boozer, Noah and Rose combined to shoot 16.7 percent (2-for-12) in the final 12 minutes as the Hawks outscored the Bulls 25-17. TURNING POINT:  Atlanta started the third quarter on a 12-2 run over the first 5:50, holding Chicago to 1-for-7 shooting and forcing six turnovers (the Bulls had seven the entire first half). The run cut a 17-point halftime lead (50-33) to seven and gave the home team life. QUOTABLE II:  "The game was definitely on me tonight. Turnovers enabled them to get the momentum and that's on me. You have to protect the ball. We'll learn from it and move on, but this one, tonight, definitely starts with me."    -- Rose HOT:  Horford was on fire all game, but especially in the third quarter. He shot 6-for-8 in the stanza -- the team as a whole made 11 field goals -- including six points in the quarter-opening run. Later on, he netted his first three-point field goal of the season and only the second of his career. NOT:  Rose. It's not a good sign when Horford has more 3-pointers in a game than you do. Rose was 0-for-6 from behind the arc, had 12 points, half his season average (24.8 ppg) and managed only two points in the second half, when he shot 1-for-11. Rose's passing touch also turned sour in the second half, as he committed all six turnovers against five assists in the second half, after dishing out seven dimes without a giveaway in the first half. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Not much doubt in this game. Horford, as his coach put it, was a beast. He played 41:19, scored 31 points on 13-for-20 shooting, including the three. His 13 field goals were a game-high and more than double his nearest teammate (Johnson and Crawford each had five) or Bull (Deng had a team-high six for Chicago). On the glass, Horford pulled in a seven offensive rebounds and nine defensive rebounds for a total of 16, all game-highs. For good measure, he threw in two assists and two steals. Although to show that nobody's perfect, he did not have a blocked shot. GOOD MOVE:  Drew switched Horford on Boozer in the second half and put small forward  Marvin Williams  on Noah. The move worked out as Boozer, who had shot 5-for-11 over the first three quarters, not only went scoreless in the final 12 minutes, but didn't get off a shot. GOOD MOVE II:  While former Bull  Kirk Hinrich  was a step slow on several occasions against Rose, he played him tough enough for long enough that Drew could save the longer, stronger Johnson to put on Rose at crunch time. Playing Johnson defensively against opposing points is not a new strategy for Drew but promises to be more effective the fresher Johnson can stay over the first three quarters.     ROOKIE WATCH:  Bulls center  Omer Asik  had another superb game coming off the bench. In 14 minutes, the 7-foot rookie from Turkey had four points, grabbed nine boards, including four on the defensive end, and blocked two shots, including an emphatic block on Horford. He also made a great hustle play, running into the first row to save a ball for an offensive rebound. NOTABLE:  Despite playing without Josh Smith, the Hawks outscored the Bulls 38-32 in the paint and 18-16 on second-chance points. ... Atlanta outscored Chicago 15-14 on fast-break points. Not that big of a deal until you consider that Chicago held a 14-2 edge at halftime. ... The Bulls continue to play strong defense as they've held opponents to 90 points or less in 15 of their last 19 games. They are 15-4 in that stretch. ... Chicago won the overall battle on the boards, 43-37, marking the 48th time in 59 games it has grabbed more rebounds than its opponent. UP NEXT:  For the Hawks, Friday vs. Oklahoma City, Sunday, vs. New York, Tuesday vs. Los Angeles Lakers. For the Bulls, Friday @ Orlando, Sunday @ Miami, Monday vs. New Orleans.  