Notebook: Spurs 91, Jazz 82 
 
 
 Andrew Aragon, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Nov 16, 2013 12:40 AM - Updated Sat Nov 16, 2013 12:40 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  The San Antonio Spurs picked up their seventh straight victory this season and won for the 13th time in their last 15 games against Utah.  
 
 THE LEAD:  For three quarters, the Western Conference champion Spurs were outhustled, outplayed and outscored by the heavy underdog Utah Jazz.  
    Turns out, they were just sleeping giants.  
    San Antonio, led by  Tony Parker , dominated the fourth quarter against the Jazz on Friday night to earn a 91-82 victory. Parker scored 14 of his game-high 22 points in the fourth quarter, and finally looked like his usual play-making self after three ho-hum periods.  
 
 Tim Duncan  broke out of a mini slump while contributing 14 points and nine rebounds.  Boris Diaw  came off the bench to score 17 points and kept San Antonio in the game when most of the Spurs were sleepwalking through the contest.  
    The loss wasted one of the best nights in Utah forward  Derrick Favors ' young career. He had 20 points, a career-high 18 rebounds, three steals and three blocked shots -- two of which came against Duncan.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "What was good is to see the work that Utah did on the boards and how we have to have one through five rebound in those situations. That's what kept them in the game, the offensive boards. They had 12 (second-chance points) in the first half. That's what they do. That was a good lesson for us. There is no stop until you rebound."  
 -- Spurs coach  Gregg Popovich 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Spurs were dominated on the glass by the Jazz -- until it counted. Utah had a 43-28 rebounding advantage going into the fourth and 20 second-chance points. But San Antonio flipped that around in the fourth with a 15-7 edge in overall rebounds, and it held Utah to zero second-chance points in the final period.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Spurs had made just one 3-pointer going into the fourth quarter, but they turned the game in their favor from long range. Trailing 67-60 after three quarters, Diaw and  Danny Green  hit back-to-back 3-pointers. Parker then converted a three-point play to tie the game at 69-69, and a 3-pointer by Green from his sweet spot -- the left corner -- gave San Antonio its first lead since 8-7. A lead was all the seasoned Spurs needed to take control, and they kept the Jazz at bay the rest of the way.  
 
 HOT:  Parker did it all in the fourth quarter. He set up his teammates in good positions to score, drove to the basket and took control with his scoring. He drew five fouls in the fourth quarter and converted 6-for-8 free throws. Diaw was the unsung hero for San Antonio. His 17 points were the most he's scored while playing for the Spurs. He shot 6-for-9 overall in the contest, and had 10 first-half points as San Antonio slugged its way to a 46-41 halftime deficit. For the Jazz, Favors was a rebounding machine. He had more rebounds in the first quarter (nine) than San Antonio had made field goals (seven). It was Favors' fourth double-double of the season. 
 
 NOT:  Gordon Hayward  helped the Jazz in other ways, but his shot was broken against San Antonio. He was just 5-for-23 overall and 1-for-7 from 3-point range. Even worse for the Jazz, he was at his iciest in the fourth quarter when he shot 0-for-7 and scored just one point. But he wasn't the only one who faltered for the Jazz with the game on the line. Utah was 0-for-4 from 3-point range and 7-for-23 overall in the fourth quarter.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "They outplayed us, outworked us. But then slowly we started to bring it. Once we tied the game ... we just couldn't get it tied. Before it was seven, 10, 11 (point deficits) we got it back to four and then two offensive rebounds (for the Jazz) and it (the deficit) was back to seven, eight. It was hard but in that stretch when Danny hit two big 3's, we got back up and we knew we were in great shape. (The game was) not under control, but we knew we were in a great situation."   
 -- Spurs guard  Manu Ginobili 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Despite being outplayed for three quarters, San Antonio was the game's aggressors and stayed that way until the end. The Spurs drew eight more fouls than the Jazz and shot twice as many free throws (22-11). Parker was the catalyst for San Antonio, and he shot nearly as many foul shots (10) as the entire Jazz team. The Jazz didn't shoot a free throw until Hayward converted a three-point play with 6:50 remaining in the second quarter.  
 
 BAD MOVE:  Jazz coach  Tyrone Corbin  waited too long to call a timeout to try and slow down the Spurs in the fourth quarter. It wasn't until Green hit his second 3-pointer to make it 72-69 that Corbin tried to stop the bleeding. By then it was too late. The championship-caliber Spurs had taken control and Utah's young kids were rattled. 
 
 NOTABLE:  The Spurs have held five straight opponents to fewer than 90 points. Utah's  Marvin Williams  suffered a broken nose in the first half, and played the second half with a protective mask on his face. San Antonio reserve  Matt Bonner  suited up for the first time in six games, but did not play.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Spurs Wednesday vs. Boston, Friday at Memphis, Saturday vs. Cleveland. For the Jazz, Saturday at Golden State, Monday vs. Golden State, Wednesday at New Orleans. 
