  Cavaliers-Raptors notebook   By Holly J. MacKenzie, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday April 6, 2011 11:08PM THE FACTS:  On Wednesday night at the Air Canada Centre, the Cleveland Cavaliers took care of the Toronto Raptors, 104-96. Jumping out to an early double-digit lead, the Cavs were able to withstand a late push from the Raptors and collect their 17th victory of the season. The Raptors were without starters  Amir Johnson  and  Andrea Bargnani  and their leading scorer off the bench in  Leandro Barbosa . Cleveland was led by  J.J. Hickson's  28 points as well as a double-double from  Baron Davis  who finished with 18 points and 12 assists. QUOTABLE:  He's a natural born leader. He's going to get on guys, get guys where they need to be. He called a couple of huddles just to get guys straight on what we were doing on both ends of the floor and that's invaluable. Those guys respect him big time."   --  Byron Scott  on the role Davis has played for his team since arriving in Cleveland. THE STAT:  First-quarter shooting: The Raptors found out just before tip that they would be without starter Amir Johnson as Johnson was experiencing swelling in his sore left ankle.  Reggie Evans  slid into the starting lineup alongside rookie  Ed Davis , but the Cavs dominated inside during the opening quarter, outscoring the Raptors, 16-4 in the paint. Cleveland shot 57 percent in the first 12 minutes compared to just 27 percent for the Raptors and led 28-17 after one. TURNING POINT:  While the Raptors trimmed what had once been a 22-point lead down to five midway through the fourth quarter, the Cavaliers responded to quickly boost their advantage back to double figures and the outcome never really felt threatened down the stretch, despite the Raptors hanging around. The only time the Raptors held a lead was when the score was 2-0. QUOTABLE II:  "Because I am limited due to injuries and just due to the way that I feel there are a lot of things that I can't do out there that's frustrating that I want to do. I just have to be patient with myself, use every game as an opportunity to get better and kind of rediscover parts of my game that I haven't been able to dive into over the past couple of years. I am just learning, learning this offense, learning this team. I think my best is yet to come."   --  Davis on his play since being traded to the Cavaliers HOT:   Jerryd Bayless  has been fantastic for the Raptors in their last four games. Getting extra minutes as a result of an injured  Jose Calderon , Bayless has averaged 24 points over those last four games. On Wednesday night against the Cavaliers, he scored 28 points to lead the team in the loss. Bayless is shooting 53 percent from the floor in the last four games. NOT:  Jose Calderon returned to the lineup for the Raptors after missing the last three games with a strained hamstring. While Calderon was able to distribute the ball and finished with nine assists, he was scoreless from the floor, finishing 0-for-7 on the night. NOTABLE:  Reggie Evans scored a season-high 15 points to go along with 13 rebounds while  DeMar DeRozan  added 19 points and  Sonny Weems  added 17.  Ramon Sessions  scored 15 points off of the bench for the Cavs.  Joey Graham  was called for a technical foul in the third quarter after reacting to a flagrant foul committed by  James Johnson . The Raptors bench outscored the Cavs reserves, 54-26. UP NEXT:  For the Cavaliers, Friday vs. Chicago, Saturday @ Milwaukee and Monday @ Detroit. For the Raptors, Friday @ Philadelphia, Sunday vs. New Jersey, Monday @ Milwaukee.  