Notebook:  Kings 105, Pistons 103 
 
 
 James Ham, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Thu Nov 08, 2012 2:02 AM - Updated Thu Nov 08, 2012 7:06 AM 
 
 THE FACTS:  The Sacramento Kings won their second straight game of the season Wednesday night at Sleep Train Arena, besting the 0-5 Detroit Pistons by the score of 105-103. 
 
 DeMarcus Cousins  battled for 21 points and 11 rebounds, leading a slew of players who scored in double figures for the Kings.  Seven players finished with 11 or more points, including 15 each from  Isaiah Thomas  and  Tyreke Evans . 
 
 Greg Monroe  was a monster in the loss for the Pistons.  The former Georgetown Hoya notched with his first career triple-double, finishing with a line of 21 points, 12 rebounds and 11 assists in the loss.   Brandon Knight  impressed the visiting crowd, hitting five 3-pointers on his way to a 21-point night. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "It's in the heat of the game, stuff happens. Nothing more with that."
 -Pistons forward  Jonas Jerebko  on Kings rookie   forward  Thomas Robinson's  flagrant foul and ejection in the fourth quarter 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Coming into tonight's game, Knight had gone just 3-for-10 from beyond the arc on the season.  Against the Kings, he went 5-for-9 from deep and kept his team in the game until the final buzzer. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Kings outscored the Pistons 29-19 in second quarter to take a nine-point lead over the Pistons going into the break.  They never relinquished the lead, beating the Pistons for their second straight win. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "You've just got to be ready.  You never know when you're going to play and have that opportunity.  But when you do have an opportunity, you have to take advantage of it as most as you can.  You can't go out there and play lackadaisical and not be ready to play or else you're just not going to get back on the floor.  You've got to be ready to play, earn your minutes and hopefully I've been doing that." 
 -Kings guard  Jimmer Fredette  on staying ready 
 
 
 HOT:  Monroe played extremely well in his highly-anticipated matchup against Cousins, a fellow 2010 NBA lottery pick.  While Cousins may have won the war, Monroe had an All-Star night, finishing the game with his first career triple-double. 
 
 HOT II:  After struggling through the first half with just four points on 1-for-5 shooting, Evans torched the Pistons for 11 big third-quarter points.  Evans finished the evening with 15 points and seven rebounds.       
 
 NOT: Rodney Stuckey  scored just five points on 2-for-6 shooting in 34 minutes Wednesday night for the Pistons. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Always the innovator, Kings head coach  Keith Smart  went super small in the second quarter and got results.  With  Aaron Brooks ,  Marcus Thornton  and Fredette running a makeshift three-guard set, Smart used Robinson and veteran  Chuck Hayes  to play defense and clean the glass. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  At the 10:00 minute mark of the fourth quarter, Robinson caught Jerebko in the throat with an elbow for a flagrant foul two and an instant ejection.  While it seemed there was no ill intent, Robinson was forced to watch the remainder of the game from the locker room. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Fredette was notable Wednesday night.  The former BYU   star has struggled to get minutes so far this season, but he came up big in the win for the Kings on Wednesday.  He was one of seven Kings who finished the game in double figures and his seven fourth-quarter points were huge.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Pistons, Friday @ Oklahoma City, Saturday @ Houston, Monday vs. Oklahoma City. For the Kings, Friday vs. San Antonio, Sunday @ L.A. Lakers, Tuesday vs. Portland. 
