  Nuggets-Thunder notebook   By Randy Renner, for NBA.com  Posted Saturday December 25, 2010 11:15PM THE FACTS:  Thunder forward  Kevin Durant  scored a season-high 44 points in his first ever Christmas Day game in the NBA. Durant scored 21 of his team's 32 points in the third quarter. The 44 points is the most by a player in the league this season and is just three off Durant's career high of 47.  James Harden  added 21 for the Thunder and  Russell Westbrook  pumped in 19. Point guard  Chauncey Billups  led the Nuggets with 30 points. Nene added 21. QUOTABLE:  "I felt I needed to be aggressive tonight and try to force the issue. I just tried to make the right play."    --Thunder forward Kevin Durant THE STAT:  From the last few minutes of the second quarter through the third Kevin Durant was steaming hot going 10-for-12 from the field. Durant scored 21 points in the third quarter on 6-for-7 shooting. TURNING POINT:  From the last minute of the third quarter through the first two minutes of the fourth Oklahoma City went on a 10-0 run to go from one point down to nine points up. OKC never trailed after that. QUOTABLE II : "K.D. is a special player. He made tough shots, easy shots, he was amazing. At times we weren't moving the basketball we were just watching KD do his thing."    --Thunder coach  Scott Brooks HOT : During a nine minute stretch from the last minutes of the first quarter through the first six minutes of the second quarter Thunder shooting guard James Harden scored 14 points on 4-for-5 shooting, including 1-for-2 on 3-pointers. He also was 5-for-5 on free throws during that time. NOT : Denver shooting guard  J.R. Smith,  who usually puts up a lot of shots and hits most of them didn't do either tonight. Smith was just 1-for-4 and 0-for-2 on 3-pointers. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Very festive with several fans wearing Christmas colors and even some Santa suits. Kevin Durant provided all his teammates with a pair of his new bright yellow KDIII Nike shoes. GOOD MOVE:  Nuggets forward  Nene  grabbed a long rebound midway through the first quarter then weaved his way through Thunder defenders all the way to the other end of the court where he finished by launching in the lane and burying a rim rattling dunk. NOTABLE : Oklahoma City is now 9-1 this season coming off of a loss. UP NEXT:  For the Nuggets, Sunday vs 76ers, Tuesday vs Trail Blazers, Wednesday @ Minnesota. For the Thunder, Monday vs Mavericks, Wednesday vs Nets, Friday vs Hawks.  