Notebook: Cavaliers 113, Jazz 102 
 
 
 Andrew Aragon, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Jan 11, 2014 12:46 AM - Updated Sat Jan 11, 2014 12:46 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Cleveland Cavaliers opened a season-long five-game road trip by breaking a four-game losing streak in Utah.  
 
 THE LEAD:  Cleveland debuted a newly acquired former All-Star and had a key reserve return from injury against Utah on Friday night.  
    But it was the player Cleveland has banked its future on that stole the show for the improving Cavaliers. 
    Former top pick  Kyrie Irving  dazzled and dominated the Jazz with his scoring, passing and ball handling, finishing with 25 points and eight assists as the Cavaliers beat the shorthanded Jazz 113-102.  Tristan Thompson  also had a big game with 18 points and 15 rebounds.  
    Irving took the game over in the third quarter. He scored 17 of his points on 6-for-8 shooting. He also anchored Cleveland's defense, recording two of his five steals in the third period. The only disappointment for Irving was that he fell one point shy of reaching 3,000 for his career.  
 
 Luol Deng , acquired in a trade with the Chicago Bulls earlier in the week, made his Cleveland debut and scored 10 points in 21 minutes. Former Jazz  C.J. Miles  had a solid game against his old team with 17 points.  Jarrett Jack  returned from a two-game absence to record 12 points. 
    The Jazz were without leading scorer  Gordon Hayward , who has a left hip flexor injury. Utah at times looked lost on both ends of the court without him, but still got productive performances out of  Richard Jefferson  (18 points) and  Trey Burke  (17 points).  Enes Kanter  had 15 points and 10 rebounds off the bench. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "He's got a great feel for the game. He hit a couple buckets and he just stayed aggressive. I called a few plays and Jack called me off and sent the ball to Kyrie and it worked out great. Kyrie did a nice job of continuing to put pressure on Utah once he got rolling."  
 -- Cavaliers coach  Mike Brown  on Irving 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Cavaliers were tied with the Bulls for the league's worst shooting team entering Friday's game with a 42.2 field-goal percentage for the season. They outshot that percentage against the Jazz, going 45-for-83 (54.2 percent). It was Cleveland's second-best shooting performance of the season.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Cavs pulled away with a 13-2 run to close the third quarter. Irving did most of the damage, scoring eight points while hitting two 3-pointers, and dishing an assist to  Dion Waiters . After  John Lucas III  scored for the Jazz, Jack buried a 3-pointer as time expired in the period to put Cleveland ahead 85-70.  
 
 HOT:  Cleveland's bench continues to contribute. They average 38.5 points per game, which is tops in the Eastern Conference, and they had 41 points against the Jazz. Cleveland's bench has outscored its opponents' reserves in 28 of 36 games. Waiters, the highest scoring reserve in the East, had 17 points. For the Jazz, other than dribbling the ball off his leg "Hoosiers" style in transition in the first half, Lucas had a decent game. He shot 4-for-4 to score nine points in 10 minutes.  
 
 NOT:  Marvin Williams  has had a good season for the Jazz, but he came up small with Hayward out. He shot just 1-for-6 and scored three points in 27 minutes.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "He's a great player and a great person. He's not going to just come in and do anything out of the ordinary except play basketball and compete on both ends of the floor and that's all we need him to do."  
 -- Kyrie Irving on Deng 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  The Cavaliers made great adjustments at halftime, and then went out and executed them. They picked up their pace, improved their defense and got easy baskets. They also improved their ball movement, dishing 13 assists in the second half compared to just six in the first half.  
 
 BAD MOVE:  The Jazz's fortunes went downhill when Burke picked up his fourth foul with 4:59 left in the third quarter. Cleveland then closed the period on a 19-8 run, and Utah sorely missed its distributor and playmaker on offense. Burke may have been pressing while playing against Irving, and the foul trouble came on one of the worst possible nights with Hayward sidelined. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Hayward missed a game for the first time this season. He is listed as a game-time decision for Utah's matchup against the Denver Nuggets on Monday. Cleveland had won just two road games before facing Utah. The Cavaliers scored 39 points and shot 69.6 percent in the third quarter.  Anderson Varejao  had 14 rebounds. He's had at least 11 rebounds in seven straight games.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Cavaliers, Sunday @ Sacramento, Tuesday @ L.A. Lakers, Wednesday @ Portland. For the Jazz, Monday vs. Denver, Wednesday @ San Antonio, Friday @ Detroit. 
