  Notebook: Jazz 97, Thunder 90 Posted Wednesday March 21, 2012 12:42AM By Andrew Aragon, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  In front of a playoff-atmosphere type of crowd, the Utah Jazz showed they might just be worthy of playing in the postseason. Paul Millsap  had 20 points as the Jazz earned a 97-90 victory over the Western Conference-leading Oklahoma City Thunder on Tuesday night. It was Utah's fourth straight victory, and it kept it a half-game behind Houston in the race for the West's final playoff spot. The Jazz had six players score in double figures.  Al Jefferson , back from a two-game absence after attending his grandmother's funeral in Mississippi and spending time with his family, had 16 points, six rebounds and four assists. Russell Westbrook  led Oklahoma City with 23 points. QUOTABLE:  "I don't know if it sends a message to anybody else but to us. Our goal is to get into the playoffs. It's always been that. We're in good shape now, but there's a lot of basketball left to play."   -- Jazz coach  Tyrone Corbin  on whether his team should be taken seriously after beating the Thunder on Tuesday night. THE STAT:  The Jazz demolished the Thunder near the basket, outscoring them 50-20 in the paint. Utah took advantage of foul trouble for  Kendrick Perkins  and  Serge Ibaka , and had a 14-2 edge in points in the paint in the fourth quarter. TURNING POINT:  The Thunder lost the ability to make shots in the latter part of the second quarter and it cost them. Oklahoma City didn't make a basket in the final 6:56 of the second quarter, missing eight straight shots. The Jazz trailed 38-32 at the beginning of the Thunder's dry spell, and then went on to outscore them 20-6 until the break. Utah went ahead for good during a 10-0 run as Millsap and  C.J. Miles  provided all of its points during the spurt. The Jazz had to fight off several Thunder rallies in the second half, but they had enough of a cushion to stay ahead. HOT:  Utah's  Devin Harris  caught fire early in the third quarter, scoring 13 of his 15 points in a three-minute span. He hit three 3-pointers during the spurt. Jazz backup point guard  Jamaal Tinsley  was efficient, scoring 11 points on 5-for-7 shooting while dishing three assists in 18 minutes. He also provided the highlight of the night when he dribbled left after getting a screen from  Enes Kanter , and then dribbled through the legs of Oklahoma City defender  Nazr Mohammed  to free himself up to hit a jumper to put Utah ahead 80-72. The Thunder probably would have been blown out of the building if not for Westbrook. He shot 4-for-4 from 3-point range and 8-for-11 overall. NOT:  It wasn't a great shooting night for superstar  Kevin Durant , who was 6-for-22 and scored 18 points. Ibaka's and Perkins' foul trouble limited their minutes and effectiveness in the second half.  Gordon Hayward  shot just 3-for-10 for the Jazz. QUOTABLE II:  "Just couldn't make a shot. I put that on myself. I had a few good looks. Maybe I should have pulled up. When you get to the rim and you get charges, it messes with you a little bit. It messed with me tonight, but I still have to be aggressive. I just missed shots. I can't make any excuses up."   --Thunder forward Durant on his off-shooting night. GOOD MOVE:  The Jazz made things tough on Durant by throwing multiple defenders at him. Hayward, because of his height, was on Durant for much of the second half and helped hold him to just eight points after halftime. ROOKIE WATCH:  Utah's  Alec Burks  demonstrated how difficult life as an NBA rookie can be. After a couple of solid games, he shot just 1-for-6 and scored two points. Kanter had five rebounds in 12 minutes. Oklahoma City's  Reggie Jackson  had two points in 13 minutes. NOTABLE:  Thunder guard  Daequan Cook  suffered a right knee sprain with 10:15 left in the game and did not return. The Jazz had lost five straight and eight of their last 10 to Oklahoma City before Tuesday night. It was only the fifth time this season the Thunder have been held to 90 or fewer points. Utah is 20-5 when holding opponents to fewer than 100 points. UP NEXT:  For the Thunder, Wednesday vs. Clippers, Friday vs. Timberwolves, Sunday vs. Heat. For the Jazz, Thursday @ Sacramento, Friday vs. Nuggets, Sunday @ Atlanta.  