  Knicks-Suns notebook   By Jerry Brown, for NBA.com Posted Saturday January 8, 2011 2:22AM THE FACTS:  It was probably the worst time for  Amar'e Stoudemire  to return to Phoenix and the struggling Suns reached a new low, getting blown out by 25 points in their own arena with their former superstar leading the way.  Raymond Felton  mastered Steve Nash with the first triple-double of his career with 23 points, 10 rebounds and 11 assists while once-potent Suns were held under 100 points for the fourth straight game. "The ball was coming my way," Felton said. "Everybody was doing a great job of boxing out, so it allowed me to get some rebounds so I have to take my hat off to my teammates. We had great defense and we were clicking on all cylinders. I thought it was one of our best games of the year. How bad was it for the Suns? The Knicks who came into the game 29th in the NBA in rebounding percentage and 21st in overall rebounding, outrebounded the Suns 59-34. That's about par for the course lately for the Suns, who have been outrebounded by an average of 23 (55-32) in the last three games. The Knicks moved to 21-14 -- they didn't win their 21st game until Mar. 3 last season -- while the Suns have now lost seven of the last nine and 11 of the last 14 to since six games under .500 (14-20). QUOTABLE : "I had one objective and that was to dominate from the start. I got it going early. Then in the second half, they went to a zone and my teammates got it going. The great thing about our team is that we're so versatile that no matter how teams play us we can adjust."    -- Amar'e Stoudemire. THE STAT : The Knicks gave the Suns a dose of their own medicine with their own system, hitting 17 of 33 3-pointers. The 17 3-pointers are the most against Phoenix this season and the third-highest total against a Suns team in their franchise history. Both the Milwaukee Bucks (Mar. 28, 2006) and the Golden State Warriors (Apr. 8, 2005) had 18 3-pointers against Phoenix. TURNING POINT:  The Knicks led by 10 at the half (55-45) but blew out the Suns with a run of 14 straight points in the third quarter. New York had seven 3-pointers in the quarter, with two by  Shawne Williams  and one by Felton coming during the run --capped by an alley-oop dunk by Stoudemire that was punctuated by a fist pump. QUOTABLE II : "We can't quit, and that's not in our blood. I don't think anyone here just wants to give up or get negative on us. There have been worse teams in worse situations, so we're not going to give up."    -- Suns center  Channing Frye. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Stoudemire was introduced to an overwhelming number of cheers from Suns fans -- many of them standing -- before Friday's game. Knicks coach  Mike D'Antoni  received a nice round of applause as well. Some fans booed Stoudemire, but by far the loudest chorus was saved for the home team when they fell behind 22 points at the end of the third period. The crowd booed lustily, and then headed for home. NOTABLE:  Knicks center  Timofey Mozgov  came in for mop-up duty but only lasted four minutes before he was ejected after getting in a scrum with Suns center  Robin Lopez  -- who went from starter to mop-up man himself and was in a sour mood on Friday. UP NEXT : For the Knicks, Sunday @ the Los Angeles Lakers, Tuesday @ Portland, and Wednesday @ Utah. For the Suns, Sunday vs. the Cavaliers, Tuesday @ Denver and Wednesday vs. the Nets.  