  Notebook: Bulls 99, Pistons 83   By Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday January 4, 2012 11:05PM THE FACTS:  Longtime Detroit Pistons guard  Richard Hamilton  made a triumphant return to The Palace Wednesday night, scoring 14 points and adding five assists in a 99-83 Chicago Bulls victory. Hamilton, who missed the previous two games with a sore groin, joined the Bulls after having the final two years of his contract bought out at the start of training camp. Backcourt partner  Derrick Rose  had a double-double with 17 points and 10 assists as the Bulls won their fifth straight. QUOTABLE:  "I couldn't wait for the ball to be thrown up. There were a lot of emotions earlier in the game, being on the visitors side. I'm not accustomed to it in this building. It was difficult. I was like, 'Don't start crying or anything crazy like that.'"    -- Richard Hamilton on playing against the Pistons. THE STAT:  12. The Bulls won their 12th straight against their division rival, leading from start to finish. It's the Bulls' longest winning streak over the Pistons since they won 19 straight during the mid-1990s. Detroit hasn't beaten Chicago since Dec. 23, 2008. TURNING POINT:  Center  Joakim Noah  made three layups as the Bulls went on a 20-7 run during the second quarter, stretching a 5-point lead to 51-33. Six other Chicago players scored during that span, while the Pistons committed five of their 13 turnovers. QUOTABLE II:  "We had shots at the rim and shots in the paint that we couldn't convert and many of those turned into their transition opportunities."    -- Pistons coach  Lawrence Frank  on Chicago's 25-11 advantage in fast-break points. HOT:  Detroit center  Greg Monroe  had his second double-double in three games with 19 points and 13 rebounds. He also led his team in assists (five) and is now averaging 14.7 points and 9.3 rebounds. NOT:  Pistons guard  Ben Gordon  came into the game averaging a team-best 18 points but he was held to 2-for-10 shooting and seven points with Hamilton guarding him a majority of the time. Gordon also made three turnovers and didn't have an assist. NOTABLE:  Forward  Taj Gibson  had a 12-point, 7-rebound, 4-assist and 2-block performance off the bench for Chicago. ... Pistons guard  Rodney Stuckey  suffered a sore left groin in the first half and didn't return.... The crowd of 9,125 was Detroit's third straight below 10,000. ... Reserves  Damien Wilkins  and  Will Bynum  had 10 points apiece for the Pistons. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Friday @ Orlando, Saturday @ Atlanta, Monday vs. Detroit. For the Pistons, Friday @ Philadelphia, Saturday vs. New York, Monday @ Chicago.  