  Magic-Bulls notebook   By Kent McDill, for NBA.com Posted Friday January 28, 2011 11:09PM THE FACTS:  Wanting to avenge a 29-point home loss to Orlando in December, the host Chicago Bulls defeated the Magic 99-90 Friday. Trailing 51-46 at halftime, the Bulls held the Magic to 39 points in the second half.  Luol Deng , who had two points at halftime, finished with 26 points and eight rebounds to lead the Bulls.  Carlos Boozer  had 16 points and 16 rebounds.  Dwight Howard  was the Magic's only significant scoring threat with 40 points and 15 rebounds. THE FACTS II:   Derrick Rose  decided to play despite consistent pain from two ulcers discovered in an examination Wednesday. He had 22 points, 12 assists and six rebounds in 37-plus minutes but made only six of 21 field goal attempts. QUOTABLE:  "You want to be great, you have to fight through the pain. It's mind move matter. It was hard."    -- Derrick Rose, talking about the pain he was in despite the pain he was feeling in his stomach. THE STAT:  The Bulls outscored the Magic in the paint, 36-30, and had 21 second-chance points off their 16 offensive rebounds. They average 11.4 offensive rebounds per game. THE STAT II:  The Magic shot just 35 percent in the second half (13 for 37) and had only 14 shots in the third quarter when they scored just 17 points. TURNING POINT:  The moment Deng woke up, the game changed. In the third quarter, Deng had 16 points and nearly outscored the Magic, who had 17 points in the quarter. INJURY UPDATE:   Jameer Nelson  of the Magic suffered a right knee injury in the first half and did not return to the game. HOT:  Deng was nine for 16 from the field, nine for 14 in the second half. NOT:   Hedo Turkoglu  was two for 12 from the field, and was also assigned to play defense on Deng most of the game. ROOKIE WATCH:  Bulls center  Omer Asik  got an education, playing against Howard in the middle of 16 minutes. He scored two points, pulled down six rebounds and was called for five fouls. QUOTABLE II:  "In my opinion, he has had an all-star type of season. I don't know where we would be without him."    -- Bulls coach  Tom Thibodeau , speaking about Luol Deng, who is averaging 17.6 points and 6.2 rebounds while playing a team-high 39 minutes per game.  INSIDE THE ARENA:  Whenever Rose has an impressive move to the basket for a score and goes to the line for a 3-point play, the "M-V-P" chant starts inside the United Center. When rookie Asik went to the line after a strong offensive rebound in the second half, some fans chanted "M-V-P" as he attempted (and missed) two free throws. GOOD MOVE:  When  Kurt Thomas  got in foul trouble, Boozer tried and failed to defend Howard, and Bulls coach Thibodeau gave Asik 16 minutes of playing time to try to fold up the Magic center. BAD MOVE:  Orlando coach  Stan Van Gundy  could not find anyone to deal with Deng in the second half. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, vs. Indiana Saturday, at Los Angeles Clippers Wednesday, at Golden State Saturday. For the Magic, vs. Cleveland Sunday, at Memphis Monday, vs. Miami Thursday.  