  Notebook: Clippers 112, Warriors 104 Posted Saturday April 14, 2012 7:19PM By Dan Arritt, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The Clippers didn't shoot their free throws very well, and didn't defend the 3-point line much at all, but they were still good enough Saturday afternoon to defeat the injury-depleted Warriors, 112-104, at Staples Center. QUOTABLE:  "We missed a lot of free throws. They made a lot of 3-pointers. However, this game goes in the left-hand column as a win, which is the most important thing."   -- Clippers coach  Vinny Del Negro THE STAT:  The Clippers came in as the second-worst free-throw shooting team in the league at 68.3 percent and they certainly didn't improve that number after shooting 14-for-30 from the line (46.7 percent). Defensively, they gave up a season-high 15 3-pointers on 31 attempts, one short of L.A.'s franchise record. TURNING POINT:  The Warriors fell behind by 19 points after the first 5 1/2 minutes but chipped away in the second quarter and eventually caught the Clippers, 66-66, on a pull-up jumper by  Klay Thompson  with 7:50 remaining in the third. Golden State hung around until a 7-0 run by the Clippers provided them a 98-87 lead with 8:02 remaining in the game, and the Warriors never pulled back within six points. HOT:  Clippers point guard  Chris Paul  had 28 points, 13 assists, three steals and his first slam dunk of the season during the first-quarter surge. The only player shorter than Paul, Golden State point guard  Nate Robinson , scored 28 points off the bench, his highest-scoring game since he netted 41 as a member of the Knicks on Jan. 1, 2010. NOT:  A combined seven players scored 18 points or more for both sides, but Clippers small forward  Caron Butler  didn't join in the fun. He finished with two points on 1-for-5 shooting, his third game in single digits in the last four. Golden State had three starters contribute pretty much nothing.  Jeremy Tyler  had four points and five fouls in 25 minutes of play. Another rookie, point guard  Charles Jenkins , missed all four of his field-goal attempts and scored one point. That was one better than starting center  Andris Biedrens , who didn't even take a shot while accumulating three fouls in 11 minutes. GOOD MOVE:  Golden State coach  Mark Jackson  obviously scoured the statistics before the game. He ordered his team to intentionally foul Clippers center  DeAndre Jordan  late in the second period, and again to  Blake Griffin  midway through the third. At one point in the third quarter, the Clippers were 6-for-18 from the line, but actually got it together and shot 8-for-12 the rest of the quarter. They didn't go to the line in the fourth. BAD MOVE:  While the Clippers were running away from the Warriors in the opening quarter, Griffin said something to an official after teammate  Randy Foye  tripped over the official and crashed into the scorer's table. Griffin earned his 11th technical foul of the season. Two more in the final six games and he'll be suspended for a game ... Golden State back-up center  Mickell Gladness  had a particularly embarrassing rookie moment after Paul missed a runner that clanked off the front of the rim during the third quarter. Gladness went to grab the rebound that was a good 18 inches off the rim, but he inadvertently tipped the ball in the basket to stretch L.A.'s lead to 75-69. QUOTABLE II:  "Sky's the limit. When we play the way we are capable of, we've already beaten some of the best teams in the league. We've just got to keep working."   -- Paul NOTABLE:  Golden State, which was averaging 46.3 points from its bench players in the previous four games, received 52 against the Clippers ... The Warriors fell to 0-12 when their opponent shoots 50 percent from the floor or better ... Paul scored 12 points in the final quarter to give him 331 on the season. He came in fourth in the league in fourth-quarter scoring. Foye sank three more 3-pointers for the Clippers, giving him 28 in the last nine games, tops in the NBA. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Monday vs. Oklahoma City, Wednesday @ Denver, Thursday @ Phoenix. For the Warriors, Monday vs. San Antonio, Wednesday vs. L.A. Lakers, Friday @ Dallas.  