  Clippers-Bulls notebook   By Kent McDill, for NBA.com Posted Saturday December 18, 2010 11:33PM THE FACTS:  After getting their first road win of the season Friday at Detroit, the Los Angeles Clippers held on to beat the Bulls at the United Center 100-99 Saturday. With less than one second left, Bulls guard  Derrick Rose  missed the second of two free throws that would have sent the game into overtime. Clippers forward  Blake Griffin  scored 29 points against the Bulls, who had their seven-game winning streak halted. Rose had 34 points and  Carlos Boozer  had 25 for the Bulls. THE FACTS II:  The loss was the first of the year for the Bulls against a team with a losing record. It was also their first game without center  Joakim Noah , who will miss eight to 10 weeks after having surgery on his right thumb. QUOTABLE:  "I like the matchup of Blake against anybody.''    -- Clippers coach  Vinny Del Negro , talking about the defensive problems the Bulls had against Blake Griffin. THE STAT:  The Bulls were 9-6 without Boozer at the start of the season as he worked his way back from a broken hand. They were 7-2 with their full lineup intact before Noah underwent surgery. TURNING POINT:  As the Bulls were mounting a comeback late, Clippers guard  Baron Davis  scored twice on drives to the basket, stretching a 95-91 Clippers lead to 99-91 with 1:08 left. THE MOMENT:  Rose, who entered the game as a 76 percent free throw shooter, was 7-for-8from the line before hitting the front of the rim on what would have been a game-tying shot. HOT:  Griffin was 10-for-18 from the field and added a game-high 12 rebounds. NOT:  Bulls outside threat  Kyle Korver  was 1-for-5 from the field on a night the Bulls needed him for their comeback effort. QUOTABLE II:  "Nine times out of 10 D. Rose makes that shot. We will live with him shooting free throws to tie the game up all day long."    -- Bulls forward Carlos Boozer INSIDE THE ARENA:  After a week of grueling testimony about his residency, Chicago mayoral candidate Rahm Emanuel was at Saturday's game. The former chief of staff for President Barack Obama is under scrutiny about whether he is a proper resident of the city of Chicago. NOTABLE:   Taj Gibson , who started in place of Noah, suffered concussion in the first half and is being evaluated. UP NEXT:  For Bulls, Tuesday vs. Philadelphia, Wednesday @ Washington, Saturday @ New York. For Clippers, Monday vs. Minnesota, Wednesday vs. Houston, Sunday vs. Phoenix.  