Notebook: Bulls 95, Wizards 92 
 
 
 Kent McDill, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Apr 17, 2013 11:22 PM - Updated Fri Apr 19, 2013 11:22 AM 
 
 THE FACTS: Carlos Boozer  scored 19 points and pulled down 15 rebounds as the Chicago Bulls outlasted the visiting Washington Wizards Wednesday to record a 95-92 regular season finale. The victory secured the No. 5 seed in the playoffs for the Bulls.  Kirk Hinrich  added 18 points and  Nazr Mohammed , starting in place of  Joakim Noah , had 17 points for the Bulls, who finished the season 45-37. The Wizards got five players in double figures led by  A.J. Price , who had a career high with 24 points. The Wizards finished 29-53 and missed the playoffs for the sixth consecutive season.  
 
 THE FACTS II : The Wizards never led in the game, and trailed by as many as 21 points in the first quarter. But they eventually forced a tie at 85-85 midway through the fourth quarter.   
 
 QUOTABLE I:  "We are just trying to figure out the best thing in terms of where their minutes are. We may adjust them as we go. I want to think it through."  --  Bulls coach  Tom Thibodeau  about whether Noah is going to start or come off the bench in the playoffs. 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Wizards' bench outscored the Bulls' bench 43-23, even though the Bulls had four players on the bench who had started numerous games for them this season -- Noah,  Richard Hamilton, Marco Belinelli  and  Nate Robinson .    
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Bulls won the game by scoring seven straight points after the Wizards forced the game's first tie at 85, but the Wizards made it a game by erasing a 21-point first quarter deficit to put the difference into single digits for most of the second half.  
 
 INJURY UPDATE:   With Noah and  Taj Gibson  playing in the last two games of the season, the Bulls' injury list heading into the playoffs has just  Derrick Rose  and  Vladimir Radmanovic  on it. The big question is whether Rose will be placed on the team's playoff roster. The Wizards had six players unavailable due to injury, adding  Emeka Okafor  on their injury report for the final game with an ankle injury. 
 
 HOT:  Bulls center Mohammed, who did not play for most of the first half of the season while Bulls coach Thibodeau tried to learn to trust him, went seven for 12 from the field for his season high 17 points.  
 
 NOT:  Noah, playing in his second game back after games because of his recurring plantar fasciitis, did not score and had only one shot and one rebound in 14 minutes of action.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I'm just happy I did not have too much pain in my foot. I wish I would have gotten more (time)."  --  Noah.  
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Thibodeau kept Noah on the floor for just 14 minutes, and played Gibson 21 minutes as he tries to recover from a strained MCL.  
 
 NOTABLE:  The Bulls actually gave up a point by getting two "delay of game'' calls, the first coming before the opening tip when  Jimmy Butler's  pre-game salute to the fans took too long... the Wizards may have set an NBA record for airballs, with at least five for the game, including the final shot... the Wizards went 25-25 over their last 50 games, and that's only because they lost their last six games... the Bulls won three of four games against their first round playoff opponent, Brooklyn, this season   
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, the first round of the NBA playoffs against the Brooklyn Nets, starting Saturday in Brooklyn. For the Wizards, season ends. 
