Notebook: Thunder 116, Bobcats 94 
 
 
 Derek Smith, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Mar 08, 2013 10:34 PM - Updated Fri Mar 08, 2013 10:34 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:   Kevin Durant  scored 19 points and the Oklahoma City Thunder used a 19-0 run to start the second quarter as they downed the Charlotte Bobcats 116-94 Friday night at Time Warner Cable Arena. Charlotte's  Gerald Henderson  led all scorers with 21 points. The Thunder have now won four straight while the Bobcats have dropped nine straight. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "Defensively, that 2nd quarter was really good. The second unit came in and did a good job. We locked in and player the way we were supposed to. That helped us on the other end. Our ball movement was good and we were able to make shots. That's what we do. I'm happy with the way we played." 
 -- Oklahoma City coach  Scott Brooks  
 
 
 THE STAT:  Balance. Oklahoma City took control of the game early and used that to their advantage. The Thunder had six players in double figures including two off the bench. Oklahoma City is in the midst of a four-game, five-night stretch and were able to rest its players with   Brooks   playing no one more than 25 minutes.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  the Thunder blitzed the Bobcats to open the second quarter and never looked back.  Hasheem Thabeet  got things started for Oklahoma City at the 11:10 mark to take a 30-29 lead. The Bobcats stopped the bleeding and scored their first points of the quarter on a Josh McRoberts jumper at the 6:27 mark. However by then the damage had been done.  Derek Fisher 's three pointer capped off the 19-0 run and OKC would never trail again by less than 14 points.  
 
 HOT:  The Oklahoma City offense was clicking in North Carolina Friday. The Thunder shot 56.8 percent from the floor on 46-of-81 shooting. They also made 12 three pointers and shot 50 percent from behind the arc. The Thunder is now 21-1 when shooting 50 percent or greater. 
 
 NOT:  Kemba Walker  leads the Bobcats in scoring at 17.1 points per game, but had struggled over the last six games. Walker is averaging 11.7 points on 29.1 percent shooting (23-of-79) during that span while Charlotte has lost all six of those games by an average of 24.7points.  
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:   Fisher made a big splash Friday for OKC. The recently signed guard scored 13 points in just 14 minutes of action. He was 5-of-6 from the floor and a perfect 3-of-3 from behind the arc and added three rebounds, three assists and a steal in just his fifth game for the Thunder.  
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  Former Charlotte Bobcat guard  Matt Carroll  sat in on the radio broadcast with play-by-play man  Scott Lauer .  
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:   Michael Kidd-Gilchrist  came up short against the Thunder with just two points while fellow rookie Jeffery Taylor had eight points in 17 minutes. Oklahoma City's two rookies saw action as well.  Jeremy Lamb  scored five points in seven minutes while  Perry Jones  had six points and four rebounds in 12 minutes of playing time.  
 
 NOTABLE:  Bobcats guard Henderson scored in double figures for the fourth straight game and the 15th time in the last 17 games. He also tied a season high with five assists. Walker scored in double figures for the ninth time in the last 10 games and has scored in double figures 55 times.  Ben Gordon  scored in double figures for the third straight game. Durant and  Russell Westbrook  each scored in double figures for the 62nd time this season.  Kevin Martin  was in double figures for the 47th time this season while Serge  Ibaka  did for the 46th time. The Thunder downed the Bobcats for the fifth straight time. Oklahoma City swept the two-game series this year by a combined 67 points.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Thunder, Sunday vs. Boston, Monday @ San Antonio, Wednesday vs. Utah. For the Bobcats, Saturday @ Washington, Tuesday vs. Boston, Friday @ Toronto. 
