  Thunder-Cavaliers notebook   By Brian Dulik, for NBA.com  Posted Sunday March 13, 2011 4:57PM THE FACTS:  All-Star guard  Russell Westbrook  scored a game-high 20 points -- making nine layups and one dunk -- as the Oklahoma City Thunder routed the Cleveland Cavaliers 95-75. Power forward  Serge Ibaka  anchored a strong defensive performance by the Thunder with eight points, 14 rebounds and seven blocked shots, while small forward  Kevin Durant  scored 19 points. QUOTABLE:  "I'm really starting to question what type of heart we have as a basketball team. That's my biggest question. Do we have enough guys who have enough heart to go out and compete? Did I see anything that I liked? No, not really."  --  Cavaliers coach  Byron Scott. THE STAT:  Cleveland shot 29.7 percent over the first three quarters in falling behind 75-56. Ibaka had all seven of his rejections during that timeframe, but affected numerous other Cavaliers field goal attempts with his mere presence. "Serge was a standout defensively for us," Oklahoma City coach  Scott Brooks  said. "He brings it every night, and that's why we love him." TURNING POINT:  Westbrook dominated the third quarter by making seven field goals -- one more than Cleveland's entire team -- as the Thunder took its first 20-point lead. He scored 14 points in the period, then headed to the bench for good with 1:52 left in the frame. "Sometimes if I feel the game is getting out of whack, I do what I can to get us going," Westbrook said. "I was just trying to compete." QUOTABLE II:  "Westbrook is a great player, but it was too easy for him tonight. At some point, somebody has to knock him on his (....). It's as simple as that."  -- Scott. HOT:  The Thunder won its fifth straight game over Eastern Conference foes, improving to 19-6 in inter-conference contests this season. Brooks' squad also upped its record against the Central Division to 8-1 and won at Quicken Loans Arena for the first time since moving to Oklahoma City. "Anytime you win on the road, it's a good win," Brooks said. "I thought everybody chipped in and did their role." NOT:  Cavaliers point guard  Ramon Sessions  continued to press the action against the Thunder with ugly results. He was 1-for-7 from the field (14.3 percent) with four turnovers, making him 15-for-53 (28.3 percent) with 15 giveaways over the last five games. "Ramon hasn't played well in the last week," Scott said. "I don't care what the circumstances are. He hasn't played well." QUOTABLE III:  "This was one of those days where we just weren't able to execute and get anything done that we wanted to."  --  Cleveland guard  Daniel Gibson. GOOD MOVE:  Durant recognized that the Cavaliers weren't sending quick double-teams at him in the opening quarter, which he exploited by scoring 10 points. The NBA's scoring leader only made three buckets the rest of the game, but didn't need to after crushing Cleveland's psyche. "Double-teaming him is something we practiced for two days, but it didn't happen," Scott said. "That's a lack of focus." BAD MOVE:  Scott used most of his postgame press conference to publicly question the Cavaliers' heart. It marked the third time this season he has done so following a loss at Quicken Loans Arena, causing many observers to wonder if the message would ever hit home with his players. "I don't know if this was the worst (loss) we've had, but I know things have got to get better," Scott said. NOTABLE:  Cavaliers power forward  Luke Harangody  shot 0-for-8, including 0-for-4 on 3-pointers, in his return from a right hip pointer. ... Thunder center  Cole Aldrich  was ticketed for four fouls in seven first-half minutes...Cleveland fell to 0-38 in games decided by nine or more points...Oklahoma City center  Nazr Mohammed  collected nine points and four personals before grabbing his first rebound...Swingmen  Anthony Parker  and  Joey Graham  were the only Cavaliers to shoot better than 40.0 percent from the floor. ... Cleveland rookie power forward  Samardo  Samuels netted his second double-double with 10 points and 10 boards. UP NEXT:  For the Thunder, Monday @ Washington, Wednesday @ Miami, Friday vs. Charlotte. For the Cavaliers, Wednesday @ Sacramento, Thursday @ Portland, Saturday @ L.A. Clippers.  