
 Pistons-Sixers notebook   By Andy Jasner, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday April 13, 2011 11:28PM THE FACTS:   Rodney Stuckey  scored 29 points,  Tayshaun Prince  contributed 14 points and the Detroit Pistons won a rare road game with a 104-100 victory over the Philadelphia 76ers on Wednesday. Six Pistons finished in double figures. Jrue Holiday  paced the Sixers with 21 points, but they couldn't come up with a win. The Sixers completed their regular season at 41-41, and failed to finish above .500 for the first time since 2004-05. But the Sixers are far from done with the first round of the playoffs looming against the Miami Heat on Saturday. QUOTABLE:  "Just looking at our guys' eyes, we were mentally and physically tired."   -- Sixers coach  Doug Collins THE STAT:  The Sixers lost by four points and finished 13-25 this season in games decided by eight or fewer points. TURNING POINT:  The third quarter was a problem all season for the Sixers. And it was once again. The Pistons trailed by four points at halftime but outscored the Sixers 31-21 in the third. While the game was close down the stretch, the Sixers could have put this game away if they had a better third quarter. HOT:  Stuckey was 9-for-15 from the field and 10-for-11 from the free throw line. NOT:   Jodie Meeks  missed seven of his nine shots, including all five attempts from beyond the arc. Meeks wound up 3-for-27 from 3-point territory over his final four games for the Sixers. QUOTABLE II:  "We've just got to go in there mentally focused. We'll be rested and ready and go in there to give them a run for the money."   -- Sixers forward  Thaddeus Young  on the upcoming playoff series against the Miami Heat FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  In addition to his scoring, Stuckey added eight assists, four rebounds and two steals. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Collins took the microphone at midcourt and thanked the fans before the game. Fitting move since this was Fan Appreciation Night. The crowd was loud despite the fact that the game wasn't all that meaningful. QUOTABLE III:  "I'll tell you this. I know we've four out of the last five and guys played hard. I'm proud of them. It's pretty neat when you can say you won your last game and all. That's important. I just wish we were in the playoffs."   -- Pistons coach  John Kuester GOOD MOVE:  Giving  Andre Iguodala  another night off to rest his right knee was a smart move. There was no point in playing him when the playoffs begin on Saturday. BAD MOVE:  With the Sixers trailing by two late in regulation,  Spencer Hawes  launched a 3-pointer from the top of the key. Not exactly the shot they needed. And the shot clanged off the front rim. ROOKIE WATCH:   Evan Turner , the Sixers' No. 2 overall pick from Ohio State, finished with 18 points, seven assists and six rebounds. Pistons forward  Greg Monroe  had 10 points and 13 rebounds. NOTABLE:  The Pistons committed four fouls in the first half, tying a floor record for any half. NEXT:  For the Pistons, the regular season is complete. For the Sixers, Game 1 of the playoff series @ Miami on Saturday. 
