  Notebook: Rockets 94, Trail Blazers 89 Posted Tuesday April 10, 2012 1:31AM By Kerry Eggers, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Hours after being named as the NBA Western Conference Player of the Week,  Goran Dragic  scored a game-high 22 points and dished seven assists to lead the Rockets past the Trail Blazers 94-89 Monday night at the Rose Garden. It was the fourth straight victory for Houston (34-25), which remained in sixth place in the West playoff race, 1 1/2 games back of fifth-place Memphis. LaMarcus Aldridge  scored 20 points for Portland (27-31). QUOTABLE:  "It's a very hard lesson for us to learn, and a very valuable one. We have to get it done at the defensive end of the floor, not the offensive end."   --  Portland head coach  Kaleb Canales  after the Rockets shot .463 from the field and .526 (10 for 19) from 3-point range. THE STAT:  Portland shot 40 percent from the field -- 32 percent in the first half -- and made only 6-of-21 3-point attempts. TURNING POINT:  The Blazers were within 75-70 with 10 minutes left when the Rockets, with  Luis Scola  and  Chase Budinger  leading the way, went on an 11-3 run for an 86-73 lead. Portland never got closer than five the rest of the game. HOT:  In his second game back after missing 15 games due to a bacterial infection, Houston's  Kyle Lowry  made 5-of-6 shots and contributed 13 points in 23 minutes off the bench. NOT:  Portland guards  Jamal Crawford  and  Wesley Matthews  combined to make 7-of-26 shots. That's with Crawford scoring on a pair of meaningless layups in the closing seconds with the outcome no longer in doubt. QUOTABLE II:  "We're two teams going in different directions right now."   --  Houston's  Marcus Camby  on the playoff-bound Rockets and his former team, the Blazers. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Former NBA player  Cliff Robinson  ... Rutgers coach  Mike Rice, Jr.,  son of the Blazers' TV analyst,  Mike Rice  ... and  Victor Canales , father of the Blazers' interim head coach, Kaleb Canales, visiting from his home in Laredo, Texas. GOOD MOVE:  With the game close late in the third quarter, Portland's  Nolan Smith  chased down Houston's Budinger on a breakaway and prevented the basket by delivering a hard foul. Budinger made only one of two free throws. BAD MOVE:  The Blazers did not get out to the Rockets' shooters, who made 10-of-19 from beyond the 3-point line. QUOTABLE III:  "It's what I've grown to expect from Goran over the last five or six weeks. He goes out there and gets 22 and 7, and you go, 'Solid game, Goran.' "  --  Houston head coach  Kevin McHale . NOTABLE:  In his first game in Portland since the March 16 trade from the Blazers to Houston, Camby had nine points, 11 rebounds and three assists in 26 minutes. UP NEXT:  For the Blazers, vs. Golden State Wednesday, vs. Dallas Friday, @ Sacramento Sunday. For the Rockets, vs. Utah Wednesday, vs. Phoenix Friday, @ Denver Sunday.  