Notebook: Celtic 117, Dallas 115 (Double-OT) 
 
 
 Brian Robb, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Thu Dec 13, 2012 12:44 AM - Updated Thu Dec 13, 2012 5:59 AM 
 
 THE FACTS:   Paul Pierce  finished with a season-high 34 points as the Boston Celtics fought past the Dallas Mavericks for a 117-115 win in double-overtime at the TD Garden. Boston led by as many as eight points in the fourth quarter before Dallas closed the gap behind a balanced offensive attack led by  O.J. Mayo  (24 points) to force overtime. With both teams winded in overtime,  Rajon Rondo  (16 points, 15 assists, nine rebounds) helped take command in the closing moments, enabling Boston to escape with their second straight win. The Mavericks had their three-game winning streak snapped.   
 
 QUOTABLE:  "This is a good win, especially with the huge road trip coming up. We allowed them to shoot a high percentage, it says a lot about how this team has grown when you can win games like this." 
 -- Pierce  
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Mavericks were incredibly sloppy with the ball against an improving Celtics defense, turning the ball over a season-high 27 times on the night. Mayo and  Darren Collison  alone turned it over a combined 16 times. Before Wednesday, Dallas had averaged only 15 turnovers a contest.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  After both teams traded 10 consecutive misses in the second overtime, Rondo made a strong drive to the hoop against Mayo, scoring the C's second basket of overtime to give them a three-point lead with 35 seconds remaining. After a Dallas miss, Boston rode the cushion and reliable free-throw shooting from Pierce (5-of-6 in double-overtime) to hold on for the win.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:   "We were right there. We had turnovers that throughout the game killed us. We can't beat anyone with that many turnovers." 
 -- Mayo  
 
 
 HOT:  Collison. Hecame alive in the second half, torching Rondo off the dribble on multiple occasions as he scored 15 of his 20 points in the second half on 6-of-9 shooting from the field.  
 
 NOT: Jason Terry . The ex-Maverick struggled against his former teammates, shooting just 3-of-10 from the field and a mere 1-of-6 from downtown. Over his past three games, Terry has been mirred in a major slump, shooting just 22.6 percent from the field over those contests.  
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:   Shawn Marion.  The 13-year veteran didn't seem to be bothered by a strained right groin, which kept him sidelined for the past two games. Marion served as the team's center for much of the 4th quarter and overtime, posted one of his best all-around lines of the season. Marion finished with 14 points, nine rebounds and a season-high seven assists.       
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:   Jared Sullinger . The 20-year-old went scoreless for Boston for just the third time all season in 11 minutes of action. Sullinger also added three rebounds, an assist and a steal. 
 
 NOTABLE: Jae Crowder  missed the game with flu-like symptoms for Dallas. He will travel with the team to Toronto for their contest Friday night. In overtime with just under a minute remaining, Pierce became the 25th player in NBA history to score 23,000 points. The Celtics sent  Fab Melo  back to the Maine Red Claws, their D-League affiliate before the game.  Derek Fisher  had ten points and four assists before fouling out in overtime. Seven Mavericks finished in double figures. Boston led by as many as 14. Dallas did not grab an offensive rebound in either overtime. It was Boston's second overtime game in their past three contests. Pierce scored 12 of his 34 points in the two overtimes.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For Dallas, Friday @ Toronto, Saturday @ Minnesota, Tuesday vs. Philadelphia. For Boston, Friday @ Houston, Saturday @ San Antonio, Tuesday @ Chicago.  
