  Sixers-Pistons notebook   By Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com Posted Sunday January 9, 2011 12:12AM THE FACTS:  Reserve forward  Austin Daye  made a game-tying 3-pointer with 3.5 seconds left in regulation, then scored the first five points of overtime as the Detroit Pistons defeated the Philadelphia 76ers 112-109 on Saturday. Forward  Tayshaun Prince  led Detroit with 23 points while rookie guard  Evan Turner  had 19 for Philadelphia. QUOTABLE:  "It's about time we got a little luck. The basketball gods were with us."    -- Pistons coach  John Kuester  after his team ended a three-game losing streak. THE STAT:  31. The Pistons' 2009 first-round draft choice, Daye, and their 2010 first-rounder, center  Greg Monroe , combined for 31 points off the bench. Daye had 15 points, six rebounds and three assists while Monroe delivered his second straight double-double with 16 points and 13 rebounds along with three steals. TURNING POINT:  Sixers guard  Lou Williams  needed to make just one free throw with 6.2 seconds left in regulation to give his club a two-possession lead. Williams, an 82.2 percent free throw shooter entering the game, missed both to give the Pistons some life. Daye then used a  Rodney Stuckey  screen to free himself up in the left corner for the tying 3-pointer. QUOTABLE II:  "I told him those free throws did not lose the game. I've got his back in everything he does. He's one of my best players."    -- Philadelphia coach  Doug Collins  on Lou Williams' missed free throws in the closing seconds of regulation. HOT:  Stuckey returned to the starting lineup and played a sharp all-around game. He racked up 20 points, seven rebounds, four assists and two steals. He also made two clutch free throws with 6.6 seconds left in overtime and his club holding a one-point lead. Stuckey had missed two games with a stomach virus, then scored just three points off the bench in Detroit's past two games against Utah and Los Angeles Lakers while still recovering from the illness. NOT:  Sixers forward  Andres Nocioni  had just five points in 39 minutes and had even more trouble guarding Prince. In the closing minutes of regulation, Prince twice posted him up for short turnaround jumpers and then glided past him for a layup. Those baskets kept the Pistons within striking distance. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Sixers guard  Jrue Holiday  has become a reliable source for assists for his fantasy owners. He had 12 Saturday, one shy of his season high, and is averaging 8.8 over his last five game. GOOD MOVE:  Kuester's shooting guard duo of  Ben Gordon  and  Richard Hamilton  shot a combined 4-for-17 from the field, so he paired playmakers Stuckey and  Tracy McGrady  at his guard spots down the stretch. They combined for just one turnover in the fourth quarter and OT sessions, while Stuckey scored eight points and McGrady made three assists. BAD MOVE:  Sixers reserve center  Marreese Speights  gave the Pistons fits with his mid-range shooting, scoring 10 points in 14 minutes. But Collins took out Speights with 7:48 remaining in the fourth and Speights only played eight seconds from that point. ROOKIE WATCH:  Sixers lottery pick Evan Turner bounced back from some modest offensive performances by shooting 7-for-11 with five assists. His 19 points were eight more than he scored in the past three games combined. NOTABLE:  Sixers forward  Andre Iguodala  missed his seventh straight game with bilateral Achilles' tendinitis. ... The Pistons are 4-2 in OT this season. ... The Sixers are 12-9 after starting the season 3-13 but have lost all three of their OT games. ... Philadelphia forward  Elton Brand  recorded his 10th double-double in the last 19 games with 17 points and 14 rebounds. ... Stuckey made three 3-pointers after connecting on just 7 of 34 prior to the game. UP NEXT:  For the Sixers, Tuesday vs. Indiana, Friday vs. Milwaukee, Monday vs. Charlotte. For the Pistons, Monday @ Chicago, Wednesday vs. Memphis, Friday @ Toronto.  