  Bulls-Rockets notebook   By Matt Miller, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday November 17, 2010 12:07AM THE FACTS:  The Chicago Bulls rode a sizzling fourth-quarter performance from  Derrick Rose  to a 95-92 victory over the Houston Rockets on Tuesday at Toyota Center. Rose, who led all players with 33 points, more than doubled his scoring total through three quarters (16 points) in the fourth.  Luol Deng  added a double-double for Chicago (6-3), scoring 16 points and grabbing 10 rebounds. Luis Scola  scored a team-high 27 points for Houston (3-7), which fell to 1-3 at home this season. Former Bull  Brad Miller  had 21 points on 8-for-15 shooting for Houston. QUOTABLE:  "Derrick was Derrick. He took control of the game. He realized what needed to be done. He started attacking. He's going north and south. Attack, attack, attack. He's impossible to guard"  --  Bulls coach  Tom Thibodeau  on Rose's fourth quarter THE STAT:  The Bulls took advantage of Rose's dominance down the stretch, shooting 9-for-15 as a team in the fourth quarter. TURNING POINT:  With Rose sitting on the bench with four fouls, the Rockets ripped off an 11-0 run to take a 71-63 lead into the fourth quarter. But when Rose returned to the court at the beginning of the final period, Chicago scored 18 unanswered -- 14 coming from Rose -- to take an 81-71 lead with 7:37 remaining. QUOTABLE II:  "[Rose] had an unbelievable stretch. You want him taking 3-pointers and you've just got to live and die by it, and we died by it in the beginning of the fourth quarter. You get up on him, and he goes right by you. We were frustrated about that." --  Rockets guard  Kevin Martin  on how Houston tried to keep Rose contained HOT:  Rose was unstoppable in the fourth quarter, scoring 17 of his game-high 33 points on 6-for-8 shooting. He also dished out two assists, stole the ball twice, and committed zero turnovers in that period. NOT:  Chicago's  Taj Gibson  was a non-factor in Tuesday's game and spent most of the fourth quarter on the bench. In 28-plus minutes of action, the second-year forward from USC scored only two points on 1-for-9 shooting. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Scola continued his torrid start to the season Tuesday, shooting 11-for-17 from the field. The 6-foot-9 forward from Argentina is proving to be quite the fantasy steal for some, as he entered Tuesday as one of only three NBA players averaging more than 20 points and 10 rebounds per game. INSIDE THE ARENA:  University of Houston quarterback  Case Keenum , one of the most prolific passers in NCAA football history, was in attendance. The Rockets sold out Toyota Center for the second time this season, playing before a crowd of 18,158. GOOD MOVE:  Thibodeau's decision to keep Rose on the bench with four fouls for the final 5:31 of the third quarter worked well for Chicago. With two fouls and some extra energy to spare in the fourth, Rose manhandled  Kyle Lowry  and the rest of the Rockets on both ends of the court. ROOKIE WATCH:  Bulls center  Omer Asik  cleaned the glass and defended the basket with authority off the bench, grabbing five rebounds and blocking one shot. The rookie from Bursa, Turkey also had an efficient night on offense, as he knocked down both of his shot attempts and scored six points. NOTABLE:  Rockets guard  Chase Budinger  did not play in Tuesday's game due to a left ankle sprain. ...  Ronnie Brewer  scored a season-high 11 points and recorded three steals for the Bulls. ... Houston scored a season-low 41 points in the first half. ... Chicago has won four straight over Houston. ... The Rockets are still winless against opponents that enter their matchup with Houston above .500. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Wednesday @ San Antonio (ESPN), Friday @ Dallas (ESPN), Tuesday @ L.A. Lakers. For the Rockets, Wednesday @ Oklahoma City, Friday @ Toronto, Monday vs. Phoenix.  