  Thunder-Jazz notebook   By Andrew Aragon, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday November 16, 2010 12:50AM THE FACTS:   Kevin Durant  had 30 points, and  Russell Westbrook  and  Serge Ibaka  each scored 22 to help the Oklahoma City Thunder end the Utah Jazz's five-game winning streak with a 115-108 victory on Monday night. The Thunder overcame a 12-point deficit in the first quarter, taking a 58-56 lead into the break.  Deron Williams  led Utah with 31 points and 11 assists. He made four 3-pointers with three of them coming in the game's first four minutes. QUOTABLE:  "They started off very hot and I think we did a good job of bouncing back and that's the type of team we are. We're a resilient team."   -- Thunder forward Durant THE STAT:  97.1. Oklahoma City was unconscious from the free-throw line, making 97.1 percent (33-for-34) of its attempts. TURNING POINT:  The Jazz have been the NBA comeback kings so far this season, rallying from double-digit deficits to win in their last five games. The Thunder were well aware of that, and built a big lead in the third quarter before withstanding a couple Jazz rallies. An 11-3 run, highlighted by six points from Ibaka, gave Oklahoma City a 74-64 lead. The Thunder took their biggest lead of the game at 84-71 when Westbrook made an 18-foot jumper. QUOTABLE II:  "Serge is getting better every game. He is one of our hardest workers. He's a young, developing player. Tonight's game was as well as I've ever seen him play. He was engaged defensively on every scheme that we had."   -- Thunder coach  Scott Brooks  on the play of Ibaka HOT:  Durant was 16-for-16 from the free-throw line. The Thunder made 71.4 percent of their shots in the third quarter. Williams shot 6-for-7 in the first quarter. NOT:   Andrei Kirilenko  and  Al Jefferson  both struggled for the Jazz. Kirilenko shot 3-for-9, and Jefferson was 5-for-14. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Ibaka can be counted on by fantasy owners for his rebounds and blocked shots. He came through with 11 boards and four blocks. But he also gave his owners a nice surprise by scoring a career-high 22 points. GOOD MOVE:  The Thunder played aggressively on offense throughout the game, driving to the basket and drawing fouls. They set the tone early, earning 10 free-throw attempts in the first quarter. BAD MOVE:  Trailing 109-106, the Jazz got the ball with 33.9 seconds left in the game. Instead of trying for a two-for-one situation, Williams wasted time dribbling before passing to Kirilenko, who then missed an ugly reverse layup. Oklahoma City rebounded, Durant was fouled and made two free throws to make it 111-106. ROOKIE WATCH:  Utah's  Gordon Hayward  was in the starting lineup for the first time as a pro player. He didn't make the impact that coach  Jerry Sloan  hoped for, scoring four points and dishing two assists in 22 minutes. NOTABLE:  The Jazz led 33-27 after the first quarter. It was the first time in seven games that they were ahead after the first period. Utah shot a season-high 50.6 percent. Oklahoma City, which shot 50.7 percent, is 2-0 when shooting 50 percent or better. UP NEXT:  For the Thunder, Wednesday vs. Rockets, Friday @ Celtics, Saturday @ Bucks. For the Jazz, Wednesday vs. Nets, Friday vs. Spurs, Saturday @ Blazers.  