  Bucks-Wizards notebook    By Daimon Eklund, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday March 8, 2011 11:25PM THE FACTS:   Brandon Jennings  scored 23 points and  John Salmons  added 22 as the Milwaukee Bucks routed the Washington Wizards 95-76 Tuesday night. Milwaukee led by as many as 25 points and most of the starters rested for the fourth quarter.  Andrew Bogut  returned to the Bucks' starting lineup after missing three games with a strained muscle in his left side and finished with 14 points, nine rebounds and a season-high seven assists in 34 minutes. The Wizards lost one of their main scoring threats early on.  Andray Blatche  left with a sprained right shoulder barely three minutes into the game after getting tangled up with  Luc Richard Mbah a Moute  and Jennings scrambling for a loose ball. Rookie guard  Jordan Crawford  scored a career-high 22 points to lead Washington. QUOTABLE:  "We kind of were on cruise control a little bit."   -- Brandon Jennings, who along with John Salmons did not play at all during the fourth quarter THE STAT:  Washington had 22 turnovers, three shy of the Wizards' season high and eight more than Milwaukee. Both teams had stretches of very sloppy play, especially once the Bucks took an insurmountable lead. TURNING POINT:  The teams were tied 30-30 with 5 ½ minutes left in the second quarter. The Bucks closed the half on a 21-6 run, capped by a 26-foot 3-pointer Jennings backed in with less than a second left in the half. Milwaukee's backcourt sparked the run, with Jennings contributing nine points and Salmon seven points. The strong finish before halftime allowed the team to coast in the second half. QUOTABLE II:  "We have some guys, when they get tired - they have a tendency to brainlock at times when they get a little bit fatigued. It's happened sometimes at the end of quarters."   -- Wizards coach  Flip Saunders HOT:  Jennings has scored 23 points in each of his last two games. He was 10-for-20 on field goals against the Wizards after shooing 8-for-19 against Boston Sunday. NOT:  The Wizards shot 37.6 percent from the floor, including 2 of 12 on 3-pointers, and made just 10 of their 19 free throws. Washington has now lost nine of its last 11 games. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:   Nick Young  entered the game averaging 18.0 points a game to lead Washington, but the shooting guard was 5 of 13 for 10 points against the Bucks and said after the game he's still bothered by a sore left knee which caused him to miss a game last month. GOOD MOVE:  Bogut's move back into the starting lineup was a welcome sight for the Bucks, who will likely need big production from their center as they battle for a playoff spot down the stretch. Milwaukee is 2 ½ games behind Indiana for the final berth in the Eastern Conference. BAD MOVE:  When Blatche walked off the court to the locker room holding his right shoulder, it left the Wizards short of experience and frontcourt players. Washington was already missing forwards  Rashard Lewis  (sore right knee),  Josh Howard  (strained left hamstring) and  Cartier Martin  (sore right knee). ROOKIE WATCH:  Six of the 11 players available for the Wizards when the game started were rookies: guards  John Wall , Crawford and  Mustafa Shakur , forwards  Trevor Booker  and  Kevin Seraphin , and center  Hamady Ndiaye . With 36 seconds left in the first quarter, Ndiaye entered the game to join Wall, Crawford, Booker and Seraphin for an all-rookie Washington lineup. The rookies all remained in the game for the first three minutes of the second quarter as well. The Bucks' only rookie this season is  Larry Sanders , who had seven points and seven rebounds. INSIDE THE ARENA:  The crowd was announced as 16,190, just a few hundred below Washington's season average, but the Verizon Center was mostly empty and generally quiet throughout the game. NOTABLE:  It's been over a year since an NBA team had five rookies on the floor together. Before the Wizards achieved the feat Tuesday, the last time it happened was March 1, 2010, when the Houston Rockets had an all-first year lineup. UP NEXT:  For the Bucks: Wednesday vs. Cavaliers, Saturday vs. Sixers, Sunday @ Celtics. For the Wizards, Saturday vs. Clippers, Monday vs. Thunder, Tuesday @ Bulls.  