  Notebook: Sixers 93, Raptors 75 Posted Wednesday April 11, 2012 10:40PM By Duane Watson, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The Philadelphia 76ers (31-27) defeated the Toronto Raptors (20-39) 93-75 at the Air Canada Centre on Wednesday night, winning their second in a row. The Sixers took the season series 2-1 and are fighting for one of the remaining playoff spots in the Eastern Conference. They played like a team fighting for something tonight while the Raptors did not, as Philly controlled the action for much of the game, leading by as much as 23 in the final quarter. The 76ers had a balanced attack with six players in double-figures led by  Thaddeus Young 's 17 off the bench.  Nikola Vucevic  scored 12,  Elton Brand  added 11 points and eight rebounds, while  Andre Iguodala ,  Spencer Hawes  and  Lou Williams  added 10 points apiece.  The Raptors lost their fourth game in a row and started the game without leading scorer  Andrea Bargnani  who was inactive with a left calf strain. Before the final buzzer sounded  Linas Kleiza  left the game with a sore left knee and  Jose Calderon  left the game to get three stitches above his right eye.  Ed Davis  led what was left of the Raptors team with a double-double of 13 points and 13 rebounds off the bench, while  Alan Anderson  also scored 13 points. QUOTABLE:  "As a coach, we had six guys in double-figures, another with eight, seven and six. My goal is trying to get more guys playing better and I think we're seeing it."   -- Sixers head coach  Doug Collins THE STAT:  The Sixers controlled the interior, outscoring the Raptors 58-20 in the paint. The Raptors inability to score inside forced them to settle for outside shots, which contributed to a .363 percent field-goal percentage for the night. TURNING POINT:  The fourth quarter showed the difference between a team fighting for a playoff spot and a team that is unable to compete for a playoff spot. The Sixers went on a commanding 16-5 run to slam the door shut and take a 23-point lead, their biggest of the game. HOT:  Davis was the only one working for the Raptors in the first half scoring seven of the team's 17 points in the second quarter and adding nine rebounds in the frame, four of which came on the offensive end. He finished the first half with seven points, 10 rebounds and one assist. NOT:  The Raptors team shot a collective .363 per cent from the field for the game on 29-for-80 shooting.  Amir Johnson  and  James Johnson  were the worst offenders shooting a collaboratively woeful 3-for-19 from the floor. NOTABLE:  Bargnani was inactive with the same left calf strain that sidelined him for 27 games earlier this season. The Raptors are 7-21 without him in the line-up ... The Raptors' 75 points were a season low at home ... The Sixers had three players finish in double-figures off the bench (Young 17, Hawes 10, Williams 10) ... Davis' five assists were a career high ... The Sixers shot a season-low from .100 (1-for-30) from three-point range ... Their one 3-pointer was also a season low. UP NEXT:  Toronto plays on Friday vs. Boston, then are @ Atlanta on Sunday and back home vs. Atlanta on Monday. Philadelphia plays on Friday vs. New Jersey, then @ Orlando on Monday and vs. Indiana on Tuesday.  