  Notebook: Thunder 101, Hornets 91   By Randy Renner, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday January 25, 2012 11:36PM THE FACTS:  The Oklahoma City Thunder got critical stops down the stretch to hold off the New Orleans Hornets 101-91 at Chesapeake Energy Arena. The Hornets have now lost nine games in a row and the Thunder pick up their 15th win in 18 games tying the second best start in franchise history. The Seattle SuperSonics also started 15-3 in 2004 and 1982. Thunder forward  Kevin Durant  led all scorers with 25 points on 9-for-13 shooting. The two-time All-Star also pulled down seven rebounds, handed out four assists and blocked three shots. Sixth man  James Harden  added 18 and  Russell Westbrook  and  Serge Ibaka  put in 14 apiece. After missing nine of his first 10 shots, Westbrook hit three of the four he took in the fourth quarter and scored 10 points in the last nine minutes of the game. Point guard  Jarrett Jack  led the Hornets with 20 points,  Gustavo Ayon  added 16 and  Carl Landry  had 15. The Hornets had lost each of their last three games by just two points and that was the margin with just eight minutes left in the fourth quarter. Turnovers down the stretch kept the Hornets on the low side of the score. The Thunder had led by as many as 14 and never trailed. The Thunder will now play eight of their next nine games on the road. QUOTABLE:  "We knew they'd be scrappy because that's how they've played all year. We knew we'd be in for a tough game. We turned it over too many times (21) but our guys hung in there."   -- Thunder coach  Scott Brooks THE STAT:  In the fourth quarter the Hornets turned the ball over five times and Thunder forward Durant blocked three shots. QUOTABLE II:  "We made mistakes in transition, we'd run and then throw the ball away. Our turnovers really hurt us in the second half (12). We just have to learn from our mistakes."   -- Hornets coach  Monty Williams TURNING POINT:  The Hornets cut a 14-point OKC lead down to two twice in the fourth quarter and then Westbrook got it going after a 1-for-10 start he hit a driving layup and a 15-foot bank shot on consecutive possessions to right the ship. That started Oklahoma City on an 8-2 run over the next three minutes pushing the lead to 93-85. QUOTABLE III:  "Their aggression at the rim is something you don't see often, especially with their guards, Westbrook and Harden."   -- Monty Williams HOT:  Durant was 4-for-4 in the first quarter...Ibaka was 5-for-8...Jack was 3-for-4...OKC shot 60.6 percent (20-for-33) in the first half...Westbrook was 3-for-4 in the fourth quarter...Ayon was 4-for-5 in the fourth. NOT:  New Orleans started the game 0-for-6, OKC wasn't much better just 1-for-6 in the first 2:30...Hornets forward  Trevor Ariza  was 0-for-4 in the first quarter...Westbrook was 1-for-10 in the first 30 minutes of the game. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Hollywood comes to Oklahoma City. A film crew working on Kevin Durant's movie "Thunderstruck" is in town. The crew filmed crowd shots during the game and spent most of yesterday shooting in the arena. Durant plays himself in the movie. The plot involves the Thunder star losing his basketball skills when his abilities are magically transferred to a teenager. Later in the movie the teen played by  Taylor Gray  transfers Durant's skills back to him. GOOD MOVE:  Late in the second quarter, Harden pulled down a rebound, raced to the other end of the court, drove around  Marco Belinelli  and laid it in. BAD MOVE:  Late in the third quarter Hornets forward  Jason Smith  tried to pass the ball back to Jack but he didn't get the ball high enough to avoid the leaping ability of Westbrook. Westbrook snagged the pass and raced to the other end of the court and was fouled attempting to slam. Westbrook converted both free shots. NOTABLE:  Hornets shooting guard  Eric Gordon  will miss at least another three weeks, "the doctors just think he needs more rest," Monty Williams told reporters before the game. Gordon has been dealing with a bruised knee and some swelling. He has played in only two games since being traded to New Orleans from the Clippers in the  Chris Paul  trade. UP NEXT:  For the Hornets, Friday vs. Orlando, Sunday vs. Atlanta, Monday @ Miami. For the Thunder, Friday @ Golden State, Monday @ L.A. Clippers, Wednesday @ Dallas.  