  Notebook: Clippers 101, Grizzlies 85 Posted Saturday March 24, 2012 6:45PM By Melanie Neff, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The Clippers ended a season-high three-game losing skid Saturday with a much-needed 101-85 victory over the Memphis Grizzlies at the Staples Center. The Clippers recent slump has seen them fall from a 2 1/2 game lead in the Pacific Division to a full three games behind the Lakers, sparking rumors of the imminent firing of head coach  Vinny Del Negro . Blake Griffin , who stood behind his coach after the recent slide, played with intensity, slamming in his usual array of crowd-pleasing dunks, hitting the floor for loose balls and arguing passionately over calls by the referees. He led all scorers with 20 points and 10 rebounds -- his 30th double-double of the season.  Chris Paul  chipped in his 14th double-double with 19 points and 13 assists, and  Randy Foye  knocked down four 3-pointers to finish with 18 points. The Clippers improve to 27-21 overall and 16-8 at home. The Grizzlies, who have dropped six of their last eight, were led by  Zach Randolph  with 14 points and eight rebounds, and  O.J. Mayo  with 13 points and six assists.  Rudy Gay  and  Tony Allen  each added 11. Memphis falls to 25-21 overall and 9-14 on the road. QUOTABLE:  "You have to fight through it, and I thought our guys did a good job with that. Every win is important, but Memphis is a good team. I think we played pretty consistent and solid throughout tonight. I was proud of the way these guys fought."  --  Del Negro. THE STAT:  Foye scored nine of his 18 points in the third quarter, including three 3-pointers that helped put the game out of reach. TURNING POINT:  The Grizzlies pulled to within 10 points midway through the third quarter, but the Clippers went on a 14-2 to extend their lead to 22 points with just over three minutes remaining. The Grizzlies never got closer than 17 after that. QUOTABLE II:  "Today was a step in the right direction in getting the fun back. You have to smile out there a little bit because everyone is on edge. Today we made the effort and had fun and didn't worry about negative things."  --  Clippers guard  Nick Young . HOT:  Foye who averages 9.3 points made 5-for-11 from the field and 4-for-5 from the line to finish with 18. NOT:   Marc Gasol , who averages 15.9 points a game, went 3-for-12 with three turnovers. Gay averages 19 points a game, but has scored only 10 and 11 in the last two for the Grizzlies. QUOTABLE III:  "I went from being a couch potato to playing at the 'Y' on Thursdays to playing in an NBA game. I'm just trying to get the feel of the game again."  --  Gilbert Arenas  on his last few weeks. GOOD MOVE:  With the absence of  Mo Williams , who was out with an injured toe, Del Negro chose to have Young come off the bench for some extra spark. Young finished with 16 points. NOTABLE:  It was the first time in the last 10 games that Clippers hit the century mark. They are 16-3 when scoring more than 100 points. UP NEXT:  For the Grizzlies, Sunday vs. L.A. Lakers, Tuesday vs. Minnesota, Friday @ Houston. For the Clippers, Monday vs. New Orleans, Wednesday vs. Phoenix, Friday vs. Portland.  