  Notebook: Pacers 112, Knicks 104 Posted Tuesday April 3, 2012 11:19PM By Conrad Brunner, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  On the day after  Reggie Miller  was selected to the Hall of Fame,  Danny Granger  offered up an homage to Indiana's legendary Knick-killer. Scoring 14 of his 27 points in the fourth quarter, including consecutive dagger 3-pointers, Granger sparked a remarkable comeback from a 15-point deficit as the Pacers rallied to beat New York 112-104 Tuesday at Bankers Life Fieldhouse. Indiana trailed 89-74 early in the fourth quarter but Pacers coach  Frank Vogel  switched to a small lineup for one of the few times this season and the Pacers responded with a 27-4 run to turn it around.  Paul George  scored 11 of his 18 in the final five minutes to help Indiana withstand a late assault by  Carmelo Anthony , who scored eight in a row for the Knicks as they closed to 103-101. But Anthony's last two 3-point tries rimmed out and the Pacers pulled away. Indiana improved to 32-21 and moved one-half game ahead of Orlando into third place in the Eastern Conference playoff standings. New York fell to 27-27 as its lead over Milwaukee was cut to 1 1/2 games in the battle for the No. 8 seed. QUOTABLE:  "It was ironic he was elected to the Hall of Fame (Monday). From one shooter to another, my tribute to Reggie Miller."    -- Granger THE STAT:  The Pacers outscored the Knicks 40-17 in the fourth quarter, as New York shot 35 percent (7-for-20) and committed five turnovers. TURNING POINT:  When Vogel went small, he shifted Granger to power forward, guarding Anthony and had  Lou Amundson  in the middle while starting big men  David West  and  Roy Hibbert  headed to the bench. With Amundson executing the pick-and-slip and pick-and-roll flawlessly and perimeter players George,  Leandro Barbosa  and  George Hill  making the right decisions with the ball, the Pacers became the aggressors and took the game away from the Knicks. QUOTABLE II:  "It was a contrast of styles, them playing a spread lineup and our power-post game. We wanted to try to pound it and impose our will on them and we tried that for three quarters and it wasn't working. We were down big so we made an adjustment and tried to go with our small lineup, which we don't typically do but we have a history of playing Danny at power forward so he's comfortable there and, man, did they respond."    -- Vogel HOT:  Granger followed up his 32-point outing in an overtime win in Houston on Saturday with another big game, making all four of his shots in the fourth quarter, three from the 3-point line, adding seven rebounds to his 27 points. Anthony had a season-high 39 points on 17-for-31 shooting and had 10 rebounds, two assists and two steals. NOT:  New York's reserves combined to shoot 9-for-25 from the field. QUOTABLE III:  "Forty points in the fourth quarter is just too much. They were able to get some steals, get some rebounds. They just outworked us. Going into that fourth, we kind of got lax and they ran away with it. I think we got a little bit complacent being up 17. They stuck with it and they played harder coming into that fourth quarter. They wanted it more in that fourth."    -- Anthony GOOD MOVE:  Vogel first started thinking about going small over the weekend when associate head coach  Brian Shaw  pointed out the Knicks have been using Anthony at power forward with a spread lineup. He toyed with the idea of starting a smaller group but opted to stick with his bigger first unit. He almost waited too long to make the switch, putting the small group out to start the fourth quarter and it proved to be the game-changing strategic ploy. BAD MOVE:  Knicks guard  J.R. Smith  was ejected from the game with 10.4 seconds remaining for throwing Barbosa to the floor after the two locked arms while battling for rebound position. It was the second flagrant foul of the game for the Knicks, as  Iman Shumpert  was called for under-cutting West in transition. NOTABLE:  The Pacers have overcome double-digit fourth-quarter deficits two games in a row and three times in the last two weeks. They trailed Washington by 11 in the fourth quarter of an 85-83 win; trailed Houston by 10 in the fourth quarter of a 104-102 overtime win; and trailed the Knicks by 15. ... The Pacers wore their bright yellow uniforms for the second game this season, first at home. ... New York was without two starters,  Jeremy Lin  (knee) and  Amar'e Stoudemire  (back) as well as reserves  Jared Jeffries  (knee) and  Bill Walker  (elbow). ...  George Hill  played without the brace he has worn since sustaining a sprained left shoulder March 6. UP NEXT:  For the Pacers, Wednesday @ Washington, Friday vs. Oklahoma City, Saturday vs. Boston. For the Knicks, Thursday @ Orlando, Sunday vs. Chicago, Tuesday @ Chicago.  