  Notebook: Heat 96, Bobcats 95   By Derek S. Smith, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday December 28, 2011 10:54PM THE FACTS:   Dwyane Wade  scored with 2.9 second left to lift the Miami Heat to a 96-95 come-from-behind victory over the Charlotte Bobcats Wednesday night at Time Warner Cable Arena.  LeBron James  led all scorers with 35 points while  Chris Bosh  added 25 points for the Heat who improved to 3-0 on the season.  Gerald Henderson  scored 21 and  D.J. Augustin  added 20 for the Bobcats who led by as many as 15 in the second half, but were unable to hold on for the win. QUOTABLE:  "When he called it, I was shocked. This guy [LeBron James] had it going. I wasn't in the flow. I was about to say let [LeBron James] run it, but then I said I'll do it. I embraced as I thought about it. I got a glimpse of the rim and that's when I shot it. I earned my check at the end of the game."    -- Dwyane Wade THE STAT:  Turnovers. Charlotte came into the game knowing that it had to control the ball in order to win the game. The Bobcats had a 15-point lead at the half and had only committed six turnovers. However the Bobcats committed 11 turnovers in the third quarter which led to 14 points for the Heat and only a one-point lead as the fourth quarter began. Charlotte finished the game with 22 turnovers which the Heat turned into 27 points. On the other side, Charlotte only forced 10 turnovers and was able to just get 12 points created. TURNING POINT:  The third quarter. Miami dominated Charlotte in the decisive third quarter outscoring the Bobcats 24-10. The teams swapped six-point runs to open the quarter, but then Miami turned on the defensive pressure. Charlotte made just 2-for-11 in the final 8:34 of the third quarter and also committed nine turnovers. QUOTABLE II:  "In order for us to be successful, we know that we have to defend better out there. This is going to help us be better down the road."    -- LeBron James HOT:  James. The Miami guard made 13-for-23 from the floor and connected on all nine of his free-throw attempts. He also added six boards, seven assists, three steals and two blocks. LeBron scored 20 of his game-high 35 points in the second half and helped hold the Bobcats offense to only 36.8 percent shooting in the second half. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:   Boris Diaw  had another multi-faceted game for the Bobcats. The Charlotte "center" scored 16 points which included a pair of 3s, grabbed 16 rebounds and added eight assists, one steal and one block. Diaw leads the team in both assists and rebounds through the first two games of the season. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Carolina Panthers quarterback  Cam Newton  was again at the Bobcats game cheering on his friend  Kemba Walker  and the rest of the Bobcats. GOOD MOVE:  Going back to Wade. Despite a turnover on the previous play, Miami coach  Erik Spoelstra  saw a hole in the Bobcats defense and chose to design the game-winning play for Wade. The Heat guard drove to the basket and pulled up for an 8-foot jumper with 2.9 seconds to play which proved to be the game-winner. ROOKIE WATCH:  Walker scored in double figures again with a 14-point performance which included three assists. The Bobcats other first-round draft pick  Bismack Biyombo  scored his first NBA points and added four rebounds and two blocks.  Norris Cole , who scored 20 against Boston Tuesday night, was held to five points on 2-for-8 shooting. NOTABLE:  Wade landed awkwardly in the first half and did not return until the 1:23 mark of the third quarter ... Charlotte outrebounded Miami 53-30 and has outrebounded its opponents by 36 in two games ... Walker has scored in double figures in both games in his NBA career ... Diaw was the first Charlotte player to record a double-double this season with his 16-point, 16-rebound outing ... Miami had a season low 10 turnovers and a season low scoring output with 96 ... James had led the team in scoring in all three games and Udonis Haslem had led the team in rebounding in each game thus far. UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Friday @ Minnesota, Sunday vs. Charlotte, Monday vs. Atlanta. For the Bobcats, Friday vs. Orlando, Sunday @ Miami, Tuesday @ Cleveland.  