  Nets-Blazers notebook   By Wendell Maxey, for NBA.com Posted Sunday January 16, 2011 1:34AM THE FACTS:  The Portland Trail Blazers overcame a double-digit deficit and snapped a three-game winning streak behind  LaMarcus Aldridge 's 27 points and a season-high 23 points from  Nicolas Batum  to beat the New Jersey Nets, 96-89 at the Rose Garden. QUOTABLE:  "That's how we have to play. You're right, we miss B-Roy ( Brandon Roy ). He was the closer for us at the end of the game. Now we know we have five guys on the court, so we can can use the five guys on the court."   -- Batum on Portland's team effort to close out the game THE STAT:  New Jersey scored 32 points in the paint to help mount as much as a 13 point lead over Portland and shot 60 percent from the field in the first half. TURNING POINT:  Portland managed to rally in the third quarter behind a 17-0 run and took an nine-point lead after Batum,  Wesley Matthews  and  Patty Mills  strung together a flurry of 3-pointers for the Blazers. QUOTABLE II:  "We have to persevere through some of the tough situations on the road if we're going to ever really be a good team. Hopefully we'll learn someday from out mistakes and hopefully it will be sometime soon."    --  Avery Johnson  on the Nets falling to 3-20 on the road this season HOT:  Portland had no answers for  Brook Lopez , who went 12-for-19 from the field and finished with 32 points in the loss. NOT:   Jordan Farmar  struggled off the bench for Avery Johnson and the Nets. Farmer's final stat line: four points on 2-for-10, with two turnovers in roughly 22 minutes. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Aldridge nearly added another double-double to his resume', and finished the game with 27 points and nine rebounds. Aldridge has scored at least 25 points in eight of his last nine games. ROOKIE WATCH:   Derrick Favors  saw limited action starting for the Nets and put up four points in 14 minutes. GOOD MOVE:   Nate McMillan  used Matthews to fire up Portland's defense in the second half, with Matthews switching on to Nets' shooters  Sasha Vujacic  and  Devin Harris . Matthews grabbed three steals on the night (seven total for Portland). BAD MOVE:  In a game that saw 11 lead changes and the game tied seven times, New Jersey -- which shot 50 percent from the field on the night -- failed to put away the Blazers when they had the chance. NOTABLE:  Batum dropped a season-high 23 points for Portland, and had a stretch where he made six consecutive shots. UP NEXT:  For the Blazers, Monday vs. Minnesota. For the Nets, Monday @ Golden State.  