  Warriors-Spurs notebook   By Tim Price, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday March 22, 2011 12:02AM THE FACTS:   Tim Duncan  went down with a left ankle sprain less than five minutes into the game on Monday, but  Manu Ginobili  scored 28 points and emerging bench player  Steve Novak  added 13 points to lead the San Antonio Spurs to a 111-06 victory over Golden State at AT&T Center. Duncan could miss two weeks for the Spurs (57-13). The Warriors (30-41) could not get on track because guards  Monta Ellis  and  Stephen Curry  combined to go 7-of-21 from the floor for 18 points. QUOTABLE:  "Hopefully, (Duncan's) injury is not too bad. But I saw him in pain, and he's not one of those guys who's going to pretend or do that if he's not hurting. Hopefully, it's just a couple of games and he'll be back soon."   -- Ginobili THE STAT:  The Spurs shot better than 50 percent most of the night (they ended up 42-of-85), so their depleted inside game with the injuries to Duncan and  DeJuan Blair  (sprained left wrist) did not derail them. San Antonio had four second-chance points for the game and only one offensive rebound in the first half. TURNING POINT:  The Spurs led by 20 early in the fourth quarter, but the Warriors cut it to seven with 5:41 to go. But after Ginobili hit a 3-pointer,  Matt Bonner's  help defense on Ellis forced him to pass back out to  Dorell Wright , who missed a contested 3-pointer over Ginobili.  Antonio McDyess  scored on a pass inside from  Tony Parker . Ellis' bad pass was stolen by Ginobili, who took it the rest of the way for a slam dunk and a 100-86 lead with 4:15 left. QUOTABLE II:  "Well, (the Spurs) did make a lot of 3-pointers, so their game was pretty much out on the perimeter. We were doing all we could tonight."    -- Warriors coach  Keith Smart HOT:  Novak has provided instant offense the past two games. In his 15 games since signing his first of two 10-day contracts (the Spurs now have him under contract for the remainder of the season), he's shooting 58 percent from the 3-point line. That includes 8-of-12 the past two games and 32 points in 36 minutes. NOT:  Bonner dropped below 50 percent for the season on his league-leading 3-point shooting when he made just 2-of-7 threes on Saturday against Charlotte (he had failed to hit a three in the four games previous to that). And tonight against Golden State he was 2-of-9. He's shooting 22 percent from 3-point land in the past eight games. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Ginobili scored 28, but Parker added 15 assists (matches a season high) along with 17 points. GOOD MOVE:  Keeping Blair out as a precaution because of the wrist injury. But, with Duncan now out and three road games looming (Denver, Portland and Memphis), it can be expected Blair won't sit long. Tonight, even though the Warriors are the worst in the league in opponents' offensive rebounding, the Spurs had five fewer offensive rebounds than Golden State. BAD MOVE:  The Warriors were unable to lock down on San Antonio's outside game. The Spurs were plus-15 from the 3-point line because the Warriors defenders were consistently allowing Spurs outside shooters plenty of room past the 3-point line. ROOKIE WATCH:   Tiago Splitter  had a career-high 14 rebounds for San Antonio. In the four minutes following Duncan's injury, Splitter came in and scored eight of the next 13 points, helping the Spurs to an 18-point lead before the end of the first quarter. He scored two points after that. NOTABLE:  The Spurs have won 26 straight games at home over Golden State. The last time the Warriors won in San Antonio was in February 1997. UP NEXT:  For the Warriors, Wednesday @ Houston, Friday vs. Toronto, Sunday vs. Washington. For the Spurs, Wednesday @ Denver, Friday @ Portland, Sunday @ Memphis.  