  Notebook: Nets 107, Warriors 100   By Adam Figman, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday January 18, 2012 11:09PM THE FACTS:  The New Jersey Nets took down an opponent at home for the first time this season, defeating Golden State 107-100 and ending the Warriors' two-game winning streak in front of an animated Prudential Center crowd. New Jersey's backcourt acted as the team's focal point, with  Deron Williams  (24 points, eight rebounds, 10 assists) and  MarShon Brooks  (22 points, eight rebounds, six assists) willing the team to victory. Warriors guard  Monta Ellis  put in a game-high 30 points. QUOTABLE:  "Deron and MarShon, tonight as a backcourt, wow. That's all I can really say. Forty-six points between them, 16 assists and 16 rebounds and only 5 turnovers combined. They really played well off of each other."   -- Nets coach  Avery Johnson THE STAT:  The Nets converted efficiently from the field and the stripe, shooting 37-for-74 and 22-for-25 from each, respectively. TURNING POINT:  A close one from start to finish, the contest was sealed when Brooks, with his team up five and 20 seconds remaining in the fourth quarter, rebounded a long Nets miss. That sequence forced the Warriors to foul, allowing  Anthony Morrow  to put the game out of reach from the free throw line. HOT:  Brooks. With his career-high 22 points on 8-for-15 from the field, the rookie scored in double figures for the ninth consecutive tilt. The Providence College product is currently second in the NBA in scoring among rookies at 15.1. NOT:  The Warriors, from the free-throw line. They hit only 18 of 27 attempts. QUOTABLE II:  "We had to break the losing streak at home and I'm glad it happened tonight. ... Our guys will sleep a little bit better tonight."   -- Avery Johnson GOOD MOVE:  Warriors coach  Mark Jackson  gave rookie  Klay Thompson  23 minutes off the bench, and the swingman responded with a solid 12-point outing. NOTABLE:  New Jersey won despite committing 18 turnovers and stealing the ball just twice, while Golden State managed only 10 turnovers and an impressive 12 steals, six of which came courtesy of Ellis. ... The Nets held a shootaround Wednesday morning, their first in the Prudential Center this season. ... Warriors coach Mark Jackson, who was born and raised in Brooklyn, said before the game that he had multiple family members in the crowd. UP NEXT:  For the Nets, Saturday vs Oklahoma City, Sunday vs Charlotte, Monday @ Chicago. For the Warriors, Friday vs Indiana, Monday vs Memphis, Wednesday vs Portland.  