  Notebook: Raptors 83, Warriors 75 Posted Sunday March 4, 2012 9:48PM By Duane Watson for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The Toronto Raptors (12-25) earned a tough 83-75 victory over the Golden State Warriors (14-20) on Sunday afternoon at the Air Canada Centre. Both teams shot the ball poorly throughout the game, but the home team made shots when it counted, making a 12-2 run to end the third quarter 60-58. The Raptors carried that momentum through the fourth for the win outscoring the Warriors 23-17 in the final frame. The Warriors pulled with four points at the 2:50 mark, but wouldn't get any closer with three different Raptors players scoring six points in the quarter. The Raptors were led by  DeMar DeRozan's  25 points and  Leandro Barbosa's  18 points.  James Johnson  and  Amir Johnson  both had a double-double.  David Lee  had 22 points and 12 rebounds for the Warriors and  Monta Ellis  had 20 points on 8 for 22 shooting with seven assists. QUOTABLE:  "A lot of the games, towards the end of the game we've been getting that rebound that's just been slipping away from our fingers, lose balls that we're not gathering up and me and Amir wasn't going to let that happen today."  --  Raptors forward Johnson. THE STAT:  It was a game of two halves, with the first half going to the Warriors 47, Raptors 38. The second half was dominated by the Raptors 45, Warriors 28, their effort and defense by the Raptors is what made the difference for the game. TURNING POINT:  With the Raptors up 81-75 with 17.9 on the clock, Ellis' missed turnaround jumpshot from the free throw line was the Warriors last chance to make a dent in the lead. The Warriors didn't score a basket for the last 1:20 of the game. QUOTABLE II:  "That was big, you knew with him coming in he was going to try to get off and score. We just tried to make him take tough shots. If it go in it go in, if it don't, we did our job."  --  DeRozan on the team effort to contain Ellis. HOT:  Lee was efficient with the ball in the first half for the Warriors shooting 6 for 7 from the field and 4 for 4 from the free throw line for 16 points and four rebounds in 16:46 of play. The Raptors tried various match-ups but his play was unmatched, with the Warriors taking a 46-38 lead into halftime. NOT:  Warriors guard  Nate Robinson  received significant minutes tonight with  Stephen Curry  out, but was ineffective shooting 2 for 12 with four rebounds and despite two steals, wasn't able to make a difference on the defensive end. NOTABLE:  Curry dressed but did not play for the Warriors (ankle).... The Warriors 11 points in the third quarter was the lowest any opponent has held them to all season... With  Ed Davis'  12 rebounds the Raptors had three players in double digit rebounds, the last time was 3/26/2010 when  Andrea Bargnani , (Amir) Johnson and  Chris Bosh  did it... With the win, the Raptors ended a five-game losing streak against the Warriors... The Warriors have dropped two in a row and are 2-3 on their current six-game road trip... The Raptors have now held their opponent under 40 percent from the floor in three of their last four games. UP NEXT:  Toronto continues their homestand on Monday vs. Orlando, Wednesday vs. Houston and Sunday vs. Milwaukee. Golden State plays on Monday @ Washington, Wednesday vs. Memphis and Saturday vs. Dallas.  