  Celtics-Hawks notebook   By Matt Winkeljohn, for NBA.com Posted Monday November 22, 2010 10:44PM THE FACTS:  The Celtics won 99-76 in Atlanta on Monday night to snap a two-game losing streak, but that score -- even as lopsided as it was -- did not tell the story. Boston ended this one early in a 39-13 first quarter that saw them out-rebound Atlanta 16-3, outscore the home team 20-0 in the paint, 7-0 on second-chance points, and 7-0 on fast break points. Point guard  Rajon Rondo  (left hamstring) missed his second straight game for Boston to no effect as the Celtics got double-doubles from  Kevin Garnett  (17 points, 11 rebounds) and  Shaquille O'Neal  (13 and 11). After a 6-0 start, Atlanta has lost six of eight games. This was the Hawks' second straight home loss to a team playing the second game in back-to-back situations. Boston lost 102-101 Sunday in Toronto. Dallas took a 18-point lead in Atlanta Saturday night, and held on to win 98-93. QUOTABLE:  "This is embarrassing. Very, very embarrassing. If I had to sum it up in one word, embarrassing. I've said our character won't be tested when we're doing well. The minute we hit a bump in the road, how do we respond? Thus far, from what I've seen, the response has not been good . . . and that's very, very disturbing. We're looking to point fingers, we're playing the blame game, but more importantly our energy level is just not good at all. We're playing like . . . we're coming off a back-to-back-to-back. I told the guys I don't know what you're doing the night before we play, I don't know what you're doing away from the floor, I don't know what it is; something's going on that is not allowing us to play this game with the energy and passion that we should be playing it with. As a head coach, I've got to find out what that is."   --  Hawks coach  Larry Drew , whose team has lost six of eight after opening the season with six straight wins. THE STAT:  Boston starters outscored Atlanta starters 68-27 while making 30 of 44 shots (68.2 percent). Atlanta starters made just 10 of 35 (28.6 percent). The Celtics made 18 of 25 shots (72 percent) in the first quarter.  Mike Bibby  was the only Hawks starter to score in double figures, with 11 points. TURNING POINT:  There was no turning point, but a sequence at the very end of the first half summarized the tone. When Boston's  Paul Pierce  drove the left baseline, Atlanta's  Al Horford  blocked the shot and as it was about to go out of bounds off a Boston player, Garnett flew out of bounds and while making an athletic play he cupped the ball while airborne and whipped it to  Ray Allen  beyond the 3-point line. Allen made a 3-pointer for a 64-42 halftime lead. That was Atlanta's only blocked shot. QUOTABLE II:  "We came into the game completely with a defensive mindset. The offensive was terrific, but the reason we got early offense was we got stops and we were able to run. I don't think we talked about offense from yesterday to today. I don't even think I said the word offense. You could see their defensive disposition right at the start was terrific. When we play like that, we're a really good team. It was interesting [Monday] morning. I felt that we would compete defensively. The question is can we do it every night with a veteran team. It just seems like at times we start counting how many more games we have to pay."   --  Boston coach  Doc Rivers  on his team's ferocity from the start HOT:  The Celtics entered the game leading the NBA with a .503 shooting percentage, and made 40 of 75 shots in the game even though Boston made just 3 of 13 shots in the fourth quarter (in which no starters played). . . . In consecutive starts in place of Rondo,  Nate Robinson  has scored 22 and 16 points on 14 of 23 shooting. He made 7 of 11 3-pointers in those games. NOT:  The Hawks entered the game No. 2 in the NBA in field goal percentage (.493), but made just 28 of 81 shots (34.6 percent), including 4 of 17 in the first quarter, and 4 of 21 in the third. . . . Pierce has not made a 3-pointer in three games, missing his only try Monday and both tries Sunday. . . . Atlanta's  Joe Johnson  has scored 11, 11 and 6 points in his past three games, making just 10 of 36 shots in that span, and 2 of 12 treys. . . . Atlanta's  Marvin Williams  has attempted one 3-pointer in each of the past four games, and missed them all. INSIDE THE ARENA : Atlanta-based actor/musician/producer Christopher Brian Bridges was in Philips Arena Monday. Some know him as "Ludacris." . . . Hip-hop artist Shad Moss, who sometimes goes by the nickname of, "Bow Wow, " was in the house as well. . . . Actor Chris Tucker took in the action from courtside. . . . Former NBA player  Derek Anderson , a friend of Rondo's, was at the game. . . . Evander Kane, a 19-year-old member of the NHL's Atlanta Thrashers whose parents named him after boxer Evander Holyfield of Atlanta, was present. . . . Atlanta-based hip hop artist, Terius Youngdell Nash, whose stage name is "The-Dream," earned a cheer. . . . Former NFL running back Jerome Bettis was seen yucking it up with fans, sort of, but not really. Also, former Hawks owner Ted Turner was in the building and left at halftime. ROOKIE WATCH:  For the second straight game, Atlanta's  Jordan Crawford  was a bright spot for his team. After scoring 10 points -- all in the second half -- of Saturday's loss to Dallas even though he did not play in the previous three-and-a-half games, he scored 10 against Boston with season highs of seven rebounds and four assists. But he made just 3 of 14 shots. . . . Celtics point guard  Avery Bradley  made his NBA debut, picking up a rebound, an assist, and a steal. He missed both his shots. Bradley had been inactive much of the season with an ankle injury. . . . Boston 7-foot center  Semih Erden  of Germany had 4 points, four rebounds and four fouls in 19-plus minutes. . . . Boston forward  Luke Harangody  had two points and two rebounds. NOTABLE:  Robinson did not play after suffered a leg cramp while making a 3-point shot with in the third quarter. . . . Atlanta is 8-6 after a 6-0 start, but has not beaten a team with a winning record and is 3-5 at home. The Hawks' victories have come over Memphis (5-9), Philadelphia (3-10), Washington (4-8), Cleveland (5-7), Detroit (5-8), Minnesota (4-10) twice and Indiana (5-6). Records shown were entering Monday night's action. UP NEXT:  For the Celtics, Wednesday vs. Nets, Friday vs. Raptors, and Nov. 30 (Tuesday) @ Cavs. For the Hawks, Tuesday at Nets, Thursday vs. Wizards, Saturday @ Knicks.  