  Notebook: Lakers 108, Rockets 99   By Dan Arritt, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday January 4, 2012 2:04AM THE FACTS:  Lakers guard  Kobe Bryant  scored a season-high 37 points Tuesday night and 7-foot center  Andrew Bynum  contributed 21 points and 22 rebounds, the first 20-20 of his seven-year career, leading the Lakers to a 108-99 victory against the visiting Rockets at Staples Center. QUOTABLE:  "It's big. It took long enough."    -- Bynum on his first 20-20 game in the NBA THE STAT:  Bynum came up one rebound short of his career high. He had five rebounds in the first 5 1/2 minutes of the game and 12 points and 14 rebounds at the half. TURNING POINT:  The Rockets wouldn't go away until the Lakers' second unit earned some separation early in the fourth quarter. With forwards  Troy Murphy  and  Metta World Peace  on the floor, along with guards  Steve Blake  and  Jason Kapono , the Lakers stretched a one-point lead after three quarters to six on five points from Murphy, five from Blake and three from Bynum, the lone starter on the floor. Bryant then checked back in with 6:41 remaining and scored nine points down the stretch to put the game away. HOT:  After shooting just 6-for-28 from the floor in an 11-point loss at Denver on Sunday, many thought Bryant should have looked for other options. He obviously didn't get the message after shooting 5-for-14 in the first half, taking 29 shots in all against the Rockets and making 14. Midway through the third quarter, he was 7-for-17 from the floor, but came back to shoot 7-for-12 down the stretch.  Chase Budinger  had the hot hand for Houston, shooting 4-for-7 from beyond the 3-point arc. Budinger was 3-for-4 from 3-point range in a 95-84 victory Saturday against the Hawks. NOT:  Houston guard  Kevin Martin  couldn't keep up with Bryant on either end of the floor. Martin came in averaging a team-high 19.3 points but was limited to 12 on 5-for-17 shooting, including 1-for-8 from 3-point land. He also spent more time guarding Bryant than any other player on the Rockets, or at least trying to guard him. GOOD MOVE:  Criticized for not passing the ball more in the loss in Denver, Bryant made the best pass of the game Tuesday -- to himself. While guarded by the smaller Martin early in the game, Bryant made a drop step with his back to basket, spun around and banked the ball with his left hand off the glass. He then jumped and caught the ball in one motion and laid it in for an 8-6 lead. BAD MOVE:  Bynum collected one of his six offensive rebounds midway through the fourth quarter and tried to pass it out to Murphy, who was standing near the 3-point line on the baseline. Murphy apparently wasn't ready for the pass because it hit him right in the face and bounced back to Bynum. World Peace apparently got a kick out of Murphy's misfortune because he started laughing while the play was still in progress. QUOTABLE II:  "Their bigs hurt us in the paint. They did what I was afraid was going to happen."    -- Houston coach  Kevin McHale     NOTABLE:  Houston back-up guard  Courtney Lee  went down with an apparent leg injury after missing a shot with just under 11 minutes remaining in the game. He had to be helped off the court by two teammates and couldn't put weight on either leg. ... Lakers back-up power forward  Josh McRoberts  did not play because of a left toe injury. .. Bryant's point total was the most he has scored since last March, when he totaled 37 in an eight-point victory against the Clippers, the game after scoring 42 in a triple-overtime victory against the visiting Suns. UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Thursday @ Portland, Friday vs. Golden State, Sunday vs. Memphis. For the Rockets, Wednesday @ Clippers, Friday @ Oklahoma City, Saturday vs. Oklahoma City.  