Notebook: Bulls 103, Bobcats 97 
 
 
 Kent McDill, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Jan 11, 2014 11:45 PM - Updated Sat Jan 11, 2014 11:45 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Chicago Bulls have won five in a row, eight of their last 10 and are 3-0 since the salary dump trade of their best healthy player, Luol Deng, to Cleveland on Tuesday.     
 
 THE LEAD:  Seven Bulls players scored in double figures, led by backup point guard  D.J. Augustin  with 20, and they outscored the visiting Charlotte Bobcats 103-97 Saturday.  Joakim Noah  had 19 points and 14 rebounds, and  Carlos Boozer  had 12 points and 10 boards for the Bulls (17-18). Augustin also added 12 assists.  Gerald Henderson  had 30 points and  Kemba Walker  had 29 points for the Bobcats (15-23), who have lost three in a row and eight of their last nine.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "It's not just the trade with Luol, it's the way the season has gone. Every time we get knocked down, we get back up. Things don't always go your way. If you are not satisfied with your circumstances, you have to do everything you can to change them. We are fighting, clawing, doing everything we have to do."  
 -- Bulls coach  Tom Thibodeau 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Bulls played more aggressively, as indicated by getting 23 second-chance points off 12 offensive boards to just seven second-chance points off six offensive rebounds for the Bobcats.   
 
 TURNING POINT:  After the Bobcats took their first lead of the game at 73-72 on a basket by  Josh McRoberts , the Bulls scored 11 straight points to go back up 83-73.   
 
 HOT:  Noah, seemingly energized by the trade of his good friend Deng, went 7-for-12 from the field and added his 14 rebounds, which gives him 52 rebounds in the last four games. He also had four assists and three blocked shots on his stat sheet. Henderson was 10-for-16 from the field for the Bobcats and made all nine of his free-throw attempts.  
 
 GOOD MOVE:  On Friday, the Bulls picked up swingman  Cartier Martin , who signed a 10-day contract. Martin, who played in 25 games for the Atlanta Hawks this season, played 26 minutes Saturday, went 4-for-5 from the field and made both of his 3-pointers for 11 points. He also had eight rebounds and three blocked shots.    
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I got in last night and we went over some things last night and this morning. I'm a quick learner."  -- Chicago's Cartier Martin 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Clifford played starting forward  Chris Douglas-Roberts  29 minutes and this is what he got for that kind of trust: 0-for-1 from the field, no free throws, no rebounds, one assist, one turnover and zero points.   
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "I didn't play the bench as much because that is when we've struggled.''  
 --Charlotte coach  Steve Clifford , who played four of his starters at least 37 minutes.    
 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Bulls rookie  Tony Snell  got his 10th start playing in place of Butler but contributed little, with no points in 17 minutes.  Cody Zeller  had five points in nine minutes for the Bobcats. 
 
 NOTABLE:  The Bulls played without starting shooting guard  Jimmy Butler , who suffered a tight bruise Friday in Milwaukee. The Bulls have suffered 52 man-games lost to injury among seven players, all who have started this season. ...Martin entered his first game with the Bulls with 5:39 left in the first quarter and did not touch the ball on the offensive end the rest of the quarter. He started the second quarter and got his first touch at the 9:58 mark and made an immediate jump shot. ... Noah got into a serious conversation with referee  James Capers  after receiving his second foul in the first quarter, then gave Capers a fist-bump at the start of the second quarter. ... Augustin led the Bulls in scoring for the first time this season. ... The Bulls have only scored 100 points or more six times this season, and are 4-2 in those games. ... Chicago almost had a fourth double-double, but  Taj Gibson  missed his by two rebounds. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Monday vs. Washington, Wednesday @ Orlando, Friday @ Washington. For the Bobcats, Tuesday vs. New York, Wednesday @ Philadelphia, Friday @ Orlando. 
