
 Raptors-Magic notebook   By Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com Posted Friday November 12, 2010 11:17PM THE FACTS:   Sonny Weems  broke a tie with his second 3-pointer of the season with 7.1 seconds left and the Toronto Raptors broke a six-game losing streak with a 110-106 upset of the Orlando Magic.  Jose Calderon  then stole  Mickael Pietrus'  inbounds pass to ice the victory for the Raptors, who led for most of the game before going cold in the fourth quarter. Pietrus hit 8-of-11 3-point shots for the Magic, who have lost back-to-back regular-season home games for the first time since the spring of 2008. QUOTABLE:  "I have never hit a game-winner before. That was a good one for me. I saw it go in and we came away with a win and now the game is over with."    -- Raptors forward  Sonny Weems. THE STAT:  Although they led the NBA in rebounding percentage going into the game, the Magic were outrebounded (39-34) for the fourth time in eight games.  Dwight Howard  had only eight rebounds in almost 44 minutes. QUOTABLE II:  "The three things that we always talk about are defend, rebound and take care of the ball. We've been rebounding; now tonight we even got outrebounded. So if you don't defend, you don't rebound and you don't take care of the ball . . ."    -- Magic coach  Stan Van Gundy. TURNING POINT:  After overcoming a 10-point fourth-quarter lead, the Magic had all the momentum when Pietrus' 3-pointer tied it, 103-103, with 28.8 seconds left. Toronto ran most of that time off the clock before setting up Weems for his big shot. QUOTABLE III:  "Finally after all those losses it was good to get a win again. We were missing some important guys and everybody stepped up."     --  Andrea Bargnani,  who scored a game-high 27 points for the Raptors.     HOT:  The Raptors shot 55 percent (34-for-62) and had 89 points through three quarters. NOT: J.J. Redick  is 3-for-21 on the season from 3-point range, including 0-for-11 in his last four games. GOOD MOVE:  Knowing Dwight Howard would not go outside with him, Weems set up on the perimeter with the shot clock winding down and hit the decisive 3-point shot. BAD MOVE:  Howard was called for a technical foul in a third straight game and raised his league-leading total to five. It was the 12th technical of the season for the Magic. NOTABLE:  Weems was in the starting lineup only because of an Achilles injury to Linas Kleiza . . . The Raptors have won in three of their last four visits to Orlando . . . The Magic missed 13 free throws, 10 of them by Howard. UP NEXT: For the Raptors, Saturday @ Miami, Tuesday @ Washington, Wednesday @ Philadelphia. For the Magic, Saturday @ New Jersey, Monday vs. Memphis, Thursday vs. Phoenix. 
