Notebook:  Pistons 113, Bobcats 93 
 
 
 Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Apr 12, 2013 11:51 PM - Updated Sat Apr 13, 2013 12:42 AM 
 
 THE FACTS: Jonas Jerebko  came off the bench and matched his season high with 21 points as the Detroit Pistons stretched their winning streak to three games and handed the Charlotte Bobcats their fourth straight loss 113-93 at The Palace of Auburn Hills on Friday.  Brandon Knight  had 19 points and seven rebounds and  Will Bynum  contributed 15 points and 10 assists. Rookie center  Andre Drummond , coming off a career-high 29-point performance at Cleveland on Wednesday, added 15 points and nine rebounds before spraining his right ankle with 5:30 remaining.  Kemba Walker  led Charlotte with 28 points and six assists. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "It feels great we're winning these games down the stretch of the season. We're looking real good. We're starting to play with some poise and it's a good sign of what's going to be next year. We're just using this as a stepping stone. Obviously, we're not going to play in the playoffs, so we've just got to continue to get better." 
 -- Drummond on Detroit's winning streak. 
 
 
 THE STAT:  30. The Pistons continued their drive for 30 wins by outscoring the Bobcats by 30 in the paint, 58-28. The penetration of the Detroit guards and the ability of Drummond,  Greg Monroe  and Jerebko to get into the lane was the decisive factor. Charlotte, which relies on transition points, didn't score in the lane during the second quarter. It was outscored 36-23 that quarter, including a 16-0 difference in points in the paint.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  Led by Jerebko, the second unit carried the Pistons to the lead in the second after the Bobcats led by 10 earlier in the quarter. Jerebko made all seven of his shots, including a 3-pointer in the closing seconds. Bynum had four points and four assists,  Charlie Villanueva  made two 3-pointers and  Khris Middleton  had four points and four assists as the bench outscored the Bobcats reserves 31-5 in the quarter. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "He puts a presence on the offensive boards. It's like there's a piece of meat on the tip of the rim and he's going after that sucker like a hound dog that hasn't been fed for seven days."  
 -- Charlotte coach  Mike Dunlap  on Drummond, who is averaging 2.8 offensive rebounds per game. Drummond had five offensive rebounds on Friday.  
 
 
 HOT:  Jerebko, who lost his rotation spot early in the season and didn't get it back until late February, has been making up for lost time. He has reached the 15-point mark in five of the last eight games. His point total on Friday was one shy of his career high and his eight rebounds were one below his season best. He appears to be solidly in the team's plans again next season. 
 
 NOT:  Walker was red-hot in the first half, scoring 24 points, and seemed on his way to besting his career high of 35. But the combination of Knight,  Rodney Stuckey  and Bynum made him disappear in the second half, as he shot 1 for 8 from the field and committed three of his five turnovers. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Drummond was optimistic that he could play Detroit's last two games. He was injured when he rolled up on  Bismack Biyombo 's foot. The Pistons strong contributions from two other rookies, as  Kyle Singler  had 10 points and six rebounds and Middleton chipped in nine points, three rebounds and four assists.  Michael Kidd-Gilchrist  had a relatively quiet game for the Bobcats with seven points, seven rebounds, two assists and two blocks in 31 minutes.  
 
 NOTABLE:  The Pistons' streak is their second longest of the season. They had a four-game win streak in late December and early January. ... Charlotte has lost a franchise record 14 straight road games. ... Pistons point guard  Jose Calderon  missed his third consecutive game with a strained right triceps. ... The Bobcats had 24 turnovers and the Pistons turned those into 29 points. Detroit had 22 turnovers of its own, which Charlotte converted into 18 points. ... Detroit has won eight of the last nine meetings, with Charlotte's lone victory being a 108-101 overtime triumph at The Palace on Jan. 6. ... Charlotte guard  Gerald Henderson , who scored 15 points, has a streak of 21 consecutive double-figure games, the longest of his career.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Bobcats, Saturday vs. Milwaukee, Monday vs. New York, Wednesday vs. Cleveland. For the Pistons, Monday vs. Philadelphia, Wednesday @ Brooklyn. 
