  Nuggets-Raptors notebook   By Holly MacKenzie, for NBA.com Posted Friday December 10, 2010 11:09PM THE FACTS:  The Denver Nuggets gave head coach  George Karl  his 1,000th career victory with a 123-116 win over the Toronto Raptors. Led by  Al Harrington 's season-high 31 points, the Nuggets shot 57 percent from the floor in the win. It was the second coaching milestone Karl has reached in Toronto after picking up his 900th career victory on Dec.31, 2008. QUOTABLE:  "It's unbelievable. He's got 1,000 wins, he's beaten cancer twice, I think those are his biggest wins...beating cancer twice. Not very many people can say that. It's a special, special guy to be able to make it through that and still be one of the elite coaches in the history of the game."    --  Chauncey Billups  on George Karl's legacy THE STAT:  The 74 first-half points allowed by the Raptors set a franchise record for points allowed in a half at home. TURNING POINT:  Leading by nine at the break, the Nuggets started to build their lead in the third behind 13 third-quarter points from rookie  Gary Forbes . The Nuggets outrebounded Toronto 14-4 in the quarter as they doubled their halftime lead to 18. While the Raptors would fight back in the fourth to cut the deficit to four, they couldn't complete the comeback. QUOTABLE II:  "I just felt together with them. I felt connected with them. A lot of times during the NBA season the coach and the players are not really connected, they are fighting a lot and this was a moment, I think, not only on the court, but in the locker room afterward. There was a great connection. It feels good. It'll feel good for the next couple of days and then we'll get onto improving our NBA record and not worrying about George Karl."    -- George Karl on his emotions as the final buzzer sounded QUOTABLE III:  "I'm just excited to be a part of it. 900, then here, 1,000 wins later. I'm just happy to be a part of it. I'm happy that I was able to get him to 1,000 wins."    --  Carmelo Anthony  on the accomplishment of his head coach HOT:  Harrington scored a season-high 31 points. He made six 3-pointers and shot 12-for-19 from the floor. NOT:   Jerryd Bayless  started in place of the injured  Jose Calderon  and he had a night he'd like to forget. Shooting just 1-for-9 from the floor and 0-for-2 from the foul line, Bayless couldn't get anything to drop, save for a 3-pointer in the fourth quarter. ROOKIE WATCH:  Starting in place of the injured Anthony, 25 year-old rookie Forbes had big shoes to fill. Finishing with 15 points on 7-for-8 shooting in 24 minutes of action, he did a solid job. Forbes stepped up in the third when the Nuggets gained separation from the Raptors, scoring 13 of his points in the quarter. He also added five rebounds, an assist and two steals. NOTABLE:  Karl became the seventh coach in NBA history to reach 1,000 career victories. As the final buzzer sounded, Karl's players surrounded him to celebrate with him and Harrington poured a cup of water over him. After the game, Raptors coach  Jay Triano  went into the Nuggets locker room to extend his congratulations. Former Nugget  Linas Kleiza  scored a season-high 26 points off of the bench. He also pulled down a career-high 12 rebounds.  Nene  scored 26 points for the Nuggets and Billups added 21. UP NEXT:  For the Nuggets, Sunday @ New York, Tuesday vs. Orlando and Thursday vs. San Antonio. For the Raptors, Saturday @ Detroit, Tuesday @ Charlotte and Wednesday vs. Chicago.  