Notebook: Nuggets 111, Lakers 99 
 
 
 Michael Kelly for NBA.com 
 
Posted Thu Nov 14, 2013 1:13 AM - Updated Thu Nov 14, 2013 1:13 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  Denver tied a franchise record with its fourth straight win over the Los Angeles Lakers. 
 
 THE LEAD:   Timofey Mozgov  tied his career high with 23 points and added nine rebounds,  Kenneth Faried  had 21 points and 13 rebounds and the Denver Nuggets raced past the Los Angeles Lakers 111-99 on Wednesday night. 
 
 Ty Lawson  had 19 points and seven assists and  Wilson Chandler  scored 12 points in his season debut for Denver (3-4). 
 
 Pau Gasol, Jordan Hill  and  Steve Blake  all had double-doubles for the Lakers (4-6), who have yet to win consecutive games this season. Gasol finished with a game-high 25 points and 12 rebounds and Blake had 11 assists to go with his 15 points. 
 
 QUOTABLE : "We know he has it in him, but I'm glad that he was able to put it together like that. He just played a great all-around game."  
 -- Nuggets coach  Brian Shaw , on Mozgov 
 
 THE STAT:  The Nuggets hit just 40 percent from the field -- on 40 made field goals. Their percentage was helped by hitting 30 shots in the lane, where they outscored the Lakers 60-32. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  After the Lakers pulled to within six midway through the fourth, Chandler hit two 3-pointers,  Jodie Meeks  missed two free throws and Faried had a tip-in to make it 101-87. In the midst of that, Mozgov had two of his four blocks on Gasol. 
 
 QUOTABLE II : "We held them to 40-percent shooting and they probably shot all layups on the 40 percent. There were too many times they got to the basket without either big showing up."  
 -- Lakers coach  Mike D'Antoni 
 
 
 HOT:  Mozgov had a great night but he was especially effective in the second half. He hit 5 of his 7 shots, scored 14 points and had all four blocks in the final 24 minutes. He even overcame an elbow to the chin to help close out the game. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "It's a basketball game, it's a real man's game. You just have to keep playing if you can."  
 -- Timofey Mozgov, on staying in the game after getting hit on the chin 
 
 NOT:  Meeks didn't get many offensive opportunities and he misfired when he did. He missed both of his field goals and both free throws he attempted. His stat line was full of zeroes. 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Hill followed up Tuesday's strong performance with another Wednesday. He had a career-high 21 points in a win over New Orleans and followed it up with 18 points and 15 rebounds Wednesday. His 15 rebounds tied a career high. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Denver was pushing the pace all night and wearing down the tired Lakers. The Nuggets only outscored L.A. 11-5 on the break, but the uptempo style had the desired effect -- a huffing-and-puffing opponent. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  The interior defense by L.A. was nonexistent. They had nine blocks but they let the Nuggets get through the lane fairly easily and get great looks. 
 
 NOTABLE:   Steve Nash  missed his second straight game with a nerve root injury. ... The Nuggets are 26-5 when scoring more second-chance points than their opponent. ...   Wesley Johnson  set a career high with five blocks. ... Faried has had at least 15 points and 13 rebounds in two consecutive games. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Friday vs. Memphis, Sunday vs. Detroit, Wednesday vs. Golden State. For the Nuggets, Friday vs. Minnesota, Saturday @ Houston, Monday @ Oklahoma City. 
