
 Nets-Warriors notebook   By Geoff Lepper, for NBA.com Posted Monday January 17, 2011 9:30PM THE FACTS: Monta Ellis  scored 26 points with nine assists, five rebounds and three steals as the Golden State Warriors won for the eighth time in their last 13 games, beating the New Jersey Nets 109-100 Monday afternoon.  David Lee  added 24 points, 10 rebounds and four assists for the Warriors.  Brook Lopez  had 20 points and seven rebounds as the Nets dropped to 1-19 in their last 20 road contests. THE STAT:  6. The Warriors, who came in ranked 26th in the league with an average of 15.59 turnovers per game, carved nearly 10 miscues off that mark on Monday, turning the ball over a season-low six times, leading to 12 points. At the other end of the floor, Golden State forced 16 turnovers by the Nets, and generated 26 points off those. QUOTABLE:  "That's one of the things we spent pretty much 30 minutes on before the game -- looking at their defense, talking to our team about taking care of the ball, and how the ball has to be a prized possession. We just didn't do it."    -- Nets coach  Avery Johnson TURNING POINT:  The Nets were within four points early in the fourth quarter when the Warriors turned up the heat defensively to create a 16-7 run that put them up 13 with 7:38 remaining. New Jersey coughed the ball up three times in that stretch. GOOD MOVE:  For the second game running, Warriors coach  Keith Smart  used reserve scorer  Reggie Williams  down the stretch to secure a victory. Friday, Williams replaced  Stephen Curry  for defensive purposes. Monday, he stayed on the floor in place of  Dorell Wright , having performed so ably that Smart simply couldn't take him off the floor. Williams, who played the final 14:06, finished with 12 points on 5-for-9 shooting and four rebounds. QUOTABLE II:  "Early in the year, when the bench was complaining about not playing -- well, now they're playing and they're playing well. That's what I was trying to get across to them, that you have to be productive when you come in off the bench."    -- Smart FANTASY SPOTLIGHT: Sasha Vujacic  continued to fill it up for the Nets, scoring 16 points on 6-for-12 shooting. He's now averaging 12.1 points in 15 games since coming to New Jersey from the Lakers. HOT: Stephen Curry  scored eight points in the fourth quarter to salvage what had to that point been an eminently forgettable game for the Warriors' second-year point guard. ROOKIE WATCH:  Nets power forward  Derrick Favors  looked every bit the youngest player in the league while going 0-for-3 with two turnovers in 19 minutes. He did have seven rebounds, at least. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Overly optimistic Oracle Arena faithful continued their recent trend of chanting "M-V-P!" while Ellis -- who has yet to make an All-Star roster, let alone compete for Most Valuable status -- was at the free-throw line. NOTABLE:  Johnson said he'd heard nothing to confirm reports his club has received permission to talk to Nuggets star  Carmelo Anthony  about a contract extension that could pave a trade from Denver to Newark. "I had a conversation with  Billy (King , the Nets' general manager) yesterday, and I have not heard that," Johnson said. "You guys always have something new every day. ... You'll see the same team again on Wednesday. I guess we were supposed to have a new team on Wednesday, but that didn't happen." ... The Nets'  Kris Humphries  recorded an 11-point, 10-rebound double-double in just 22 minutes off the bench. ... Much-maligned center  Johan Petro  scored a season-high eight points for New Jersey. ... Golden State has won six straight against New Jersey in Oakland. ... The Warriors' 10 blocks -- including a season-high three from recently rejuvenated  Andris Biedrins  -- are the team's most since recording 11 against Chicago on Jan. 18, 2010. UP NEXT:  For the Nets, Wednesday vs. Utah, Friday vs. Detroit, Saturday vs. Dallas. For the Warriors, Wednesday vs. Indiana, Friday vs. Sacramento, Saturday at L.A. Clippers. 
