  Warriors-Thunder notebook   By Randy Renner, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday March 29, 2011 11:52PM THE FACTS:  Golden State's  Monta Ellis  missed a jumper at the buzzer that would have given the Warriors a win but the Oklahoma City Thunder held on in overtime for a thrilling 115-114 victory. The win moves Oklahoma City a step closer to the Northwest Division title. The Thunder now lead Denver by five games with nine left to play, including two against the Nuggets.  Kevin Durant  led the Thunder with 39 points, on 13-for-23 shooting, including 3-for-5 on 3-pointers. Thunder forward  Serge Ibaka  had 19. He also grabbed eight rebounds and blocked three shots. Point guard  Russell Westbrook  added 15 points while handing out nine assists and pulling down eight rebounds. Ellis finished with 20 points including a 3-pointer that sent the game into overtime off an inbounds steal right after  Reggie Williams  nailed a 3-pointer to bring the Warriors within three points with 11.1 left in the game.  Stephen Curry  led the Warriors with 35 points on 13-for-23 shooting, including 5-for-8 from long range.  David Lee  had a double-double with 24 points and 15 rebounds. QUOTABLE:  "We got the win, it wasn't the way we wanted to execute there at the end of regulation. I should have called a timeout after the first three. When you give up six points like that that in a couple of seconds we could have hung our heads but we stayed in there and won the game."    -- Thunder coach  Scott Brooks THE STAT:  Durant scored eight of OKC's nine points in overtime on 2-for-4 shooting including 1-for-1 from long range. TURNING POINT:  The game didn't turn until the very end and it was defense that did it. The Thunder forced Ellis into two misses in the last minute of overtime to seal the win. QUOTABLE II:  "We did everything we could do, we did a great job, it just didn't go our way at the end. Monta's jumper was right on line at the end, it just didn't go in."    -- Warriors coach  Keith Smart HOT:  In the first 13 minutes of the game Oklahoma City was 4-for-5 on 3-pointers. ... Both teams combined to go 19-for-22 from the free throw line in the first half. ... Curry was 5-for-8 on 3-pointers. ... David Lee was 11-for-17. ... Serge Ibaka was 9-for-16. NOT:  In the rest of the first half the Thunder were just 1-for-7 from long range. ... Warriors forward  Dorell Wright  was 0-for-6 in the first half and finished 2-for-13. ... Westbrook finished 4-for-15. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Former NBA player and Thunder star  Desmond Mason  sat court-side. Mason now lives in Oklahoma City. He and his wife own an art gallery near downtown. GOOD MOVE:  Westbrook, dribbling at the top of the 3-point line in the second quarter, uses a double head fake to get past Ellis. Westbrook scores on his drive to the basket. GOOD MOVE II:  After Golden State's Curry hit a free throw giving the Warriors a two-point lead with 3.7 left in the third quarter, Kevin Durant takes the inbounds pass, dribbles past two defenders and hits a 3-pointer with a hand in his face to give the Thunder a 78-77 lead going into the last quarter. GOOD MOVE III:  Ellis drives the baseline, then fires a no-look, underhand pass to  Al Thornton,  who drives in to score in the fourth quarter. BAD MOVE:  A waitress serving hot coffee court-side is bowled over by Thunder guard  Daequan Cook  and Warriors guard Steph Curry going for a loose ball. The coffee spills on both players and  Wanda Pratt , the mother of Thunder All-Star Kevin Durant. No one was hurt but the game was delayed a couple of minutes while the spilled coffee was cleaned up. NOTABLE:  Before the game Thunder All-Stars Kevin Durant and Russell Westbrook along with athletic trainer  Joe Sharp  were presented their championship rings from the US National Team. ... With the Thunder's win in overtime, OKC becomes just the fifth team in NBA history to win eight overtime games in a season. The Thunder are now 8-1 in overtime games this season. UP NEXT:  For the Warriors, Wednesday @ Memphis, Saturday vs Dallas, Tuesday @ Portland. For the Thunder, Wednesday @ Phoenix, Friday @ Portland, Saturday @ L.A. Clippers.  