
 Hawks-Cavs notebook   By Sam Amico, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday November 2, 2010 10:50PM THE FACTS:   Marvin Williams  scored 22 points to lead five players in double figures in scoring, and the visiting Atlanta Hawks (4-0) remained the Eastern Conference's lone unbeaten team with a 100-88 win over the Cleveland Cavaliers (1-3) on Tuesday. Three of the Hawks' victories have come on the road. This one offset a career-high 31 points from Cavs forward  J.J. Hickson . QUOTABLE:  "The sense I am getting from the players is they are really starting to feel good about themselves and buy into what we're doing."    -- Hawks coach  Larry Drew THE STAT:  The Hawks passed for 26 assists, providing further evidence that their familiarity with one another and motion offense can carry them a long way. "It's going to force us to move the ball and our assist totals are gonna go way up," Drew said. TURNING POINT:  After taking a 59-47 lead in the first half, the Hawks allowed the Cavs to charge back and go up 75-74 early in the fourth quarter. But in a span of just over two minutes, the Hawks went on a 7-0 run -- which consisted of two big baskets by  Joe Johnson  and a 3-pointer from  Jamal Crawford . The Cavs never cut the lead to less than three points again. QUOTABLE II:  "I'm very proud of the way our guys played, especially after the first quarter [when the Hawks led 40-27]. We had some bad plays on both ends at the end of the game, but I love the effort. That's what we have to do for the rest of the season."    -- Cavs coach  Byron Scott HOT:  Crawford, the NBA's reigning Sixth Man of the Year, came off the Hawks bench to score 16 points on 4-for-7 shooting. That included 2-for-2 shooting on 3-pointers. He also finished 6-for-6 from the free-throw line. NOT: Mo Williams  returned from a groin injury, joining a smaller Cavs backcourt that struggled to find its range. Williams (12 points) finished 4-for-12 in his first game of the season, while  Daniel Gibson  (six points, career-high seven rebounds) went 3-for-10 and  Ramon Sessions  (seven points) went 2-for-9. For those of you adding at home, that's a combined 9-for-31. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Hawks center  Al Horford  is coming off his first All-Star season, and will likely make a case for this year's team. That's because Horford has a way of quietly killing the opposition, doing so against the Cavs to the tune of 16 points and 12 boards. He now has three double-doubles in four games. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Former NBA great  Dominique Wilkins , now a member of the Hawks' television broadcast team, was clearly the biggest in-arena celebrity on this night. A fan walked past the man forever known as The Human Highlight Film and yelled, "How you doing, Dominique?" Wilkins had never seen the fan before, but returned the greeting anyway. "I'm good," he said. "How you doing ... guy?" NOTABLE:  Hawks forward  Josh Smith  (six points) was the lone starter to fail to reach double figures in scoring. Still, he managed to contribute in a major way -- most notably on the defensive end, as Smith finished a whopping five blocks. He also had 11 rebounds, four assists and two steals. UP NEXT:  For the Hawks, Wednesday vs. Detroit, Friday @ Minnesota, Sunday vs. Phoenix. For the Cavs, Friday @ Philadelphia, Saturday @ Washington, Tuesday @ New Jersey. 
