  Wizards-Bulls notebook   By Kent McDill, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday March 16, 2011 12:03AM THE FACTS:  The Chicago Bulls (48-18) moved into first place in the Eastern Conference by themselves with a 98-79 win over the Washington Wizards on Tuesday at the United Center. After falling behind by 17 points early in the second quarter, the Wizards (16-50) battled back to within one point just before the end of the first half. The Bulls then slowly built the lead through the second half.  Derrick Rose  led the Bulls with 23 points, while  Kurt Thomas  had 15 rebounds playing in place of injured forward  Carlos Boozer  and  Taj Gibson  had 13 rebounds playing in place of  Joakim Noah , who was out with the flu. Rookie  Jordan Crawford  led the Wizards with 27 points. THE FACTS II:  The Bulls have won 12 straight home games and 14 of their last 16 overall. The Wizards have lost five in a row and are 1-30 on the road. QUOTABLE:  "We want to play as well as we can, get the best record that we can and have the highest seed possible. If we are preparing the way we are supposed to and doing the right thing, the results will take are of themselves."    -- Bulls coach  Tom Thibodeau  on the Bulls moving into first place in the Eastern Conference. THE STAT:  Washington center  JaVale McGee  had a career-high 12 blocked shots (his previous high was seven), and finished with a triple-double with 11 points and 12 rebounds. His blocked shot total was a team record for a Bulls opponent. QUOTABLE II:  "That was the hardest one point I ever tried to make in my life. It was a dunk of relief."    -- Washington center JaVale McGee, who got his triple-double by making a dunk with 18 seconds left. He was also called for a technical foul on that play for hanging on the rim. THE STAT II:  The Bulls attempted 32 3-pointers and made 12, including one by center Kurt Thomas, whose last 3-pointer was five years ago. They also attempted 32 3-pointers against Utah on Saturday. "We try to get 30 a game,'' Bulls coach  Tom Thibodeau  said, joking. TURNING POINT:  The Wizards weren't going away, trailing by 11 with 11 minutes left after scoring the first four points of the fourth quarter. But the Bulls scored the next eight points, thanks in part to 3-pointers by guards  Keith Bogans  and  C.J. Watson , to build a bigger cushion. INJURY UPDATE:  Bulls forward  Carlos Boozer  missed his third straight game with a sprained left ankle and is not expected back until next week. Bulls center Joakim Noah was held out of the game due to flu-like symptoms. Washington forward  Andray Blatche  missed his third straight game due to a sprained left shoulder, and  Rashard Lewis  remained inactive due to a sore right knee that has caused him to miss the last five games. HOT:  Chicago's Bogans, often criticized for not offering enough scoring buffer for Rose, was 5-for-10 from 3-point range for his season-high 17 points. NOT:  Washington backup guard  Maurice Evans  played 29 minutes, made only two of nine shots for four points, and had three rebounds and one assist. ROOKIE WATCH:  From a roster filled with rookies, it was Crawford who had the best game for Washington.  QUOTABLE III:  "We have 16 more (games) to go. We are trying to get them all."    -- Bulls guard Derrick Rose INSIDE THE ARENA:  Queen of Soul  Aretha Franklin  had a front-row seat Tuesday. She also had a long-lens camera to take pictures of the players in the game. GOOD MOVE:  With two starting big men out of the lineup due to injury and illness, Thibodeau made a surprise move, calling on seldom-used forward  Brian Scalabrine  for three minutes of the first quarter. He then used his normal player rotation in the second quarter. BAD MOVE:  Scalabrine missed a 3-pointer with 38 seconds left that would have given the Bulls 100 points and earned everyone with a ticket a free hamburger. "Tell everybody I'm sorry,'' Scalabrine said. "I live for that shot." NOTABLE:  The Wizards, who are 1-30 on the road this season, embark on their longest road trip of the season when they play the first of five away games at Portland next Tuesday. They also play at Los Angeles Clippers, Denver, Golden State and Utah. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Thursday @ New Jersey, Friday @ Indiana, Monday vs. Sacramento; For the Wizards, Friday @ Toronto, Sunday vs. New Jersey, Tuesday at Portland  