  Notebook: Hawks 100, Heat 92   By Shandel Richardson, for NBA.com Posted Monday January 2, 2012 11:04PM THE FACTS:  The Atlanta Hawks defeated the Miami Heat 100-92 Monday at AmericanAirlines Arena. Guard  Joe Johnson  led the Hawks with 21 points while Al Horford added 16 points and nine rebounds. Veteran  Tracy McGrady  came up big by scoring 11 of his 16 points in the fourth quarter. The Hawks rallied from a 10-point, first-quarter deficit to hand the Heat their first loss of the season. Miami was led by  LeBron James'  28 points, but got a subpar night from  Dwyane Wade . He shot 4 of 17 from the field, finishing with 12 points and 10 assists. The Hawks shot 47 percent from the field and made 9 of 16 3-pointers. QUOTABLE:  "We got off to a little bit of a slow start. Early in the game, we were just too soft. We were just allowing them to just drive the ball to the basket, not contesting shots. Then I called a timeout and let the guys know."  --  Hawks coach  Larry Drew . THE STAT:  The Hawks slowed the pace to hold the Heat to a season-low 92 points. TURNING POINT:  After the Heat jumped to a 10-point, first-quarter lead, the Hawks went to a zone defense. It disrupted Miami's offensive rhythm and also slowed the tempo. The Hawks made the Heat play more halfcourt offense. QUOTABLE II:  "I'm a competitor. Especially competing against the best, LeBron and D-Wade. I'm always up for the challenge. Those guys, they bring the best out of you."  --  Hawks guard Tracy McGrady. HOT:  Tracy McGrady shot 5 of 8 from the field, making all three of his 3-point attempts. McGrady was the closer, scoring 11 points in the final quarter. He also had seven rebounds and four assists. NOT:  Dwyane Wade struggled from the field throughout, taking several bad shots. He was just 4 of 17 from the field in 38 minutes. He also had three turnovers. GOOD MOVE:  After the Heat started fast, the Hawks made an effort to slow the pace of the game. Coach Larry Drew said before the game that this could be the key. The Hawks made their comeback when they turned it into a halfcourt game. BAD MOVE:  The Heat's shot selection was awful, especially LeBron James and Dwyane Wade. Miami is at its best when Wade and James are attacking the basket. That wasn't the case Monday, with them settling for jumpshots. NOTABLE:  The Heat's loss leaves Oklahoma City as the league's only unbeaten team. Miami could soon welcome back swingman  Mike Miller , who continues to recover from offseason hernia surgery. UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Wednesday vs. Pacers, Thursday @ Hawks, Saturday @ Nets. For the Hawks, Tuesday @ Bulls, Thursday vs Heat, Friday @ Bobcats.  