Notebook: Kings 120, Jazz 109 
 
 
 James Ham, For NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Feb 10, 2013 1:39 AM - Updated Sun Feb 10, 2013 1:39 AM 
 
 THE FACTS : In front of a loud and ruckus Sacramento crowd, the Kings drilled the Utah Jazz by the final score of 120-109 Saturday night. Chants of "Sac-ra-mento" and "Here We Stay" rained down from the rafters every time the Jazz went to the free-throw line as the Kings' fanbase made a strong statement as to why they deserve to remain an NBA city.  
 
 Isaiah Thomas  led the way for the Kings (28-24) with 25 points, but right behind him was big man  Jason Thompson  who scored 21 points and grabbed seven rebounds in the win. All five starters finished in double-figures for the Kings, and  Marcus Thornton  tossed in 24 points off the bench as Sacramento exacted revenge for Monday's loss in Utah (18-33). 
 
 Alec Burks  led the Jazz with a career-high 24 points on 7-for-15 shooting off the bench.   Al Jefferson  added 16 points, while  Enes Kanter  played well in his 24 minutes of action, finishing with 15 points and four rebounds.  
 
 QUOTABLE : "When you have a fanbase like that, that's behind you and brings you energy. The only thing you can do is give it 110 percent and give it your all, because they're screaming and giving you that energy."   
 -- Isaiah Thomas on the loud crowd tonight in Sacramento 
 
 THE STAT : More than 16,000 screaming Kings fans rocked the building tonight in Sacramento.  They brought energy from the moment the doors opened until long after the final buzzer.  
 
 TURNING POINT : After cutting the Kings lead to four in the final minute of the first half, the Jazz allowed a pair of late baskets and went to halftime trailing by eight.  The Kings kept that momentum coming out of the half and never looked back.  
 
 HOT : Thompson loves to play against the Jazz and tonight was no different.  The Kings starting power forward scored 21 points on 9-for-11 shooting and grabbed seven rebounds in 36 minutes of action.  
 
 NOT : The Jazz starting backcourt of  Randy Foye  and  Jamaal Tinsely  struggled mightily tonight.  The duo combined to score 10 points on 4-for-12 shooting in the loss. 
 
 GOOD MOVE : When the Kings took on the Jazz on Monday in Utah, Cousins picked up his second technical of the game while arguing with the officials during halftime.  Tonight in Sacramento,  DeMarcus Cousins  played 29 minutes and helped his team to victory.  I guess having your best player for the entire game instead of just a half is a good thing for the Kings. 
 
 BAD MOVE : You have to love  Paul Milsap  as a player, but the Kings' big front line of Thompson and Cousins give him trouble every time these two teams match up.   Derrick Favors  is just a better start for coach Tyrone Corbin against this team. 
 
 NOTABLE: Alec Burks  set a new career-high with 24 points in the loss.  The Kings tied a season-high in assists in the first half with 19.  
 
 UP NEXT : For the Jazz, Tuesday vs. OKC, Wednesday @ Minnesota, Tuesday vs. Warriors. For the Kings, Sunday vs. Houston, Tuesday @ Memphis, Wednesday @ Dallas.  
