  Notebook: Bucks 91, Heat 82   By Shandel Richardson, for NBA.com Posted Sunday January 22, 2012 10:08PM THE FACTS:  The Milwaukee Bucks defeated the Miami Heat 91-82 Sunday at AmericanAirlines Arena. The Heat, who were playing without  Dwyane Wade , were held to 37 percent shooting. It was the Bucks' first road victory of the season. It also marked the first time the Heat lost without Wade in seven games this year. Point guard  Brandon Jennings  led the Bucks with 23 points and six assists. Milwaukee had five players in double-figures, including  Ersan Ilyasova's  16 points off the bench. Center  Andrew Bogut  also had 13 points and eight rebounds. The Heat were led by were led by  LeBron James'  28 points and 13 rebounds. QUOTABLE:  "I've been around a long time. We won the last game with this lineup and we got off to a good start today. If aint broke, don't fix it. I'm about winning, nothing else. A lot of people like to read between the lines, but I want to win and everywhere I've been, I've won. It's all about winning with me."  --  Bucks guard  Stephen Jackson. THE STAT:  The Heat shot 37 percent from the field. After playing solid without Wade, field goal percentage doomed Miami. TURNING POINT:  The second quarter was when the Heat seemed to hit a wall. It was the beginning of the end. HOT:  Ilyasova was 5 of 8 for 16 points off the bench, giving the Bucks some efficient scoring. NOT:  After a solid game against the Sixers, Heat guard  Mario Chalmers  was 4 of 14 from the field. GOOD MOVE:  The Bucks took advantage of their point guards. Jennings and  Shaun Livingston  both outplayed Mario Chalmers and  Norris Cole . BAD MOVE:  Was  James Jones  the best option on defense? The Heat maybe could've used  Shane Battier  to help slow the point guards. NOTABLE:  The Heat improved lost their first game without Wade, falling to 6-1. UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Tuesday vs. Cavs, Wednesday @ Pistons, Friday vs. Knicks. For the Bucks, Monday vs. Hawks, Wednesday @ Rockets, Friday @ Bulls.  