Notebook: Nuggets 117, Wolves 113 
 
 
 Michael Kelly, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Nov 16, 2013 12:22 AM - Updated Sat Nov 16, 2013 12:22 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Denver Nuggets have scored more than 100 points in the last five games after failing to break the century mark it their first three games. 
 
 THE LEAD:   Wilson Chandler  came off the bench to score a team-high 19 points, Kenneth Faried had 16 points and 10 rebounds and the Denver Nuggets beat the Minnesota Timberwolves 117-113 on Friday night. 
 
 Ty Lawson  had 14 points and 10 assists for the Nuggets before leaving the game with an eye injury in the final minute. 
 
 Kevin Love  had a game-high 28 points and grabbed 10 rebounds for the Timberwolves.  Kevin Martin  returned from a one-game absence because of illness to score 27 points. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We've got a bunch of guys who can do a whole bunch of different things, night in night out. You never know who is going to bring what. But we know we have enough players on this team to fill any void." 
 -- Nuggets forward  J.J. Hickson 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Nuggets had seven players score in double figures for the 14th time since the start of the 2011-12 season. They are 12-2 in those games. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Denver's bench came up big when the game was tied.  Timofey Mozgov  had six of his 10 points, Chandler had a bucket and  Evan Fournier  hit a layup to spark a 12-3 run that made it 84-75 late in the third. The reserves continued to play well into the fourth as the Nuggets stayed in the lead. 
 
 TURNING POINT II:  With Denver leading by three, Chandler missed a free throw with 15 seconds left but Andre Miller raced in from the 3-point line to grab the rebound. He made one foul shot to seal the win. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "It makes no sense why the league allows that to happen. It's the only shot in basketball you can't box out on. I don't understand for 10 years why they don't say nobody can go in there until the ball hits the rim. For all the stuff we change we never look at that situation. Somebody will lose a big game in the playoffs and they'll change something."  
 -- Minnesota coach  Rick Adelman , on Miller's ability to break to the rim before the players around the lane. 
 
 
 HOT:  Faried put up some solid numbers despite drawing Love as a defensive assignment. He held his own against the Timberwolves, who came into the game second in the NBA in scoring and rebounding. Faried's put-back dunk with 5:46 left gave the Nuggets a 13-point lead. 
 
 NOT:  Minnesota guard  Ricky Rubio  didn't score a point and missed all five of his shots but was strong elsewhere. He had 12 assists, eight rebounds and three steals to make up for his lack of offense. 
 
 NOT II:  Lawson gave his team a scare when he was poked in the right eye by  Corey Brewer  with 32 seconds left. He lay on the court before being helped to the bench. He didn't come back into the game. He suffered a cornea abrasion. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "It felt like my eye was in the back of my head and it was bleeding, and I thought it was bleeding on the inside. It looked a lot worse than it was. They put in a bunch of eye drops and whatever else they put in so is should be ready (for Saturday)." 
  -- Lawson 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Nuggets coach  Brian Shaw  stuck with his bench players when they were rolling. They had more than half of Denver's total and outscored Minnesota's reserves 66-33. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Minnesota's defense most of the second half and at the start of the fourth quarter. Denver was 7-for-10 to start the period and built an 11-point lead midway through. 
 
 QUOTABLE IV:  "It was our defense all game. Our rotations weren't there. We needed to help the helper, ball screen rotations, they were off all night but we were still right there at the end." 
 -- Love  
 
 
 NOTABLE:  The Nuggets are 27-7 against Minnesota since the end of the 2004-05 season. ... Love's double-double was his ninth of the season and the 40th time in his career he's had at least 28 points and 10 rebounds. ... Minnesota had three players score 20 points. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Timberwolves, Saturday vs. Boston, Tuesday @ Washington, Wednesday vs. L.A. Clippers. For the Nuggets, Saturday @ Houston, Monday @ Oklahoma City, Thursday vs. Chicago. 
