Notebook: Pacers 102, Warriors 94 
 
 
 Geoff Lepper, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Jan 21, 2014 2:39 AM - Updated Tue Jan 21, 2014 2:39 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  Despite the Warriors' furious attempts at a fourth-quarter comeback, the Pacers improved to 30-1 in games in which they led after three periods. 
 
 THE LEAD: Paul George  scored 23 points and  Roy Hibbert  and  Lance Stephenson  each added double-doubles as the Indiana Pacers opened a five-game Western Conference road swing with a 102-94 victory against the Golden State Warriors on Monday. 
 All five of Indiana's starters had at least 14 points as the Pacers (33-7) throttled Golden State's attack, limiting the Warriors to 40.7 percent shooting in a battle between two of the NBA's top five defenses. Indiana has now won five straight. 
 
 Stephen Curry  tallied a game-high 24 points with nine assists for the Warriors (26-17).  David Lee  added 20 points and 12 rebounds. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "Our offense carried us tonight, especially early on with Paul George [scoring] 14 points in the first quarter, Lance flirting with a triple-double, Roy Hibbert giving us a big offensive punch. Just a good team win."  
 -- Indiana coach  Frank Vogel 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Pacers are 10-0 on nights where Stephenson has a double-double, and he was relatively close to posting his fourth triple-double, with seven assists in addition to his 14 points and 10 rebounds. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The sellout crowd -- Golden State's 56th straight -- at Oracle Arena finally got into the act during the fourth quarter, and one of their loudest surges came when  Klay Thompson  drilled a 3-pointer from the top of the key at the 2:05 mark. Indiana worked methodically, and the patience paid off when  David West  kicked the ball out to  George Hill  for a trey as the shot-clock buzzer neared expiration. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "He's coming in ready. He's worked his butt off. He's been our most willing passer. He's really created his own play right now. He's got people really enjoying watching him. When he's playing [with] high energy, this team is at another level."  
 -- Paul George, on Lance Stephenson 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  When center  Andrew Bogut , the linchpin of Golden State's defense, was forced to the bench with 4:15 remaining in the fourth quarter after he banged knees with an Indiana player, the Pacers leapt to take advantage on the glass. Immediately, George and  Luis Scola  had point-blank putback buckets on consecutive possessions to help the Pacers keep the Warriors at arm's length. Golden State never got back to a one-possession game. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  The Warriors once again came out inexplicably lacking in energy during the first quarter. Indiana shot 64.0 percent from the field to outscore Golden State 35-21. It was the fifth time in eight games that the Warriors have allowed 30 or more points in the opening period. 
 
 HOT:  Of course, part of the reason Indiana enjoyed such a large lead at that point was that George was simply dominant during a 14-point first quarter barrage, going 6-for-9 with a pair of 3-pointers. The Warriors assigned their best perimeter defender,  Andre Iguodala , to George, but the MVP candidate showed far too much versatility to be slowed down. George's first three buckets featured a spin from a low-block postup to the baseline for a layup, a pullup jumper after rubbing off Iguodala on a screen, and a fadeaway 12-foot jumper. 
 
 NOT:  Even with the home debut of new acquisition  Jordan Crawford , the Warriors' bench provided scant production. Crawford combined with  Harrison Barnes, Draymond Green  and  Marreese Speights  to go 5-for-21 from the floor, with five turnovers against four assists. 
 
 NOTABLE:  West had 17 points and Hill 15 for the Pacers. This was the first time this season that a Warriors opponent had all five starters in double-figures, scoring-wise. ... The teams hit a combined 17 of their first 24 shots. They were 59-for-153 (38.6 percent) the rest of the way. ... Hibbert had 14 points and 13 boards for his 10th double-double this season. He also recorded two blocks, although he didn't get credit for looming over Curry and forcing him to throw one first-quarter layup so high off the glass that it caromed over the backboard. ... Bogut also recorded his 10th double-double of the season with 10 points and 13 boards. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Pacers, Wednesday @ Phoenix, Friday @ Sacramento, Saturday @ Denver. For the Warriors, Friday vs. Minnesota, Sunday vs. Portland, Monday vs. Washington. 
