  Hawks-Knicks notebook   By Mike Vorkunov, for NBA.com Posted Saturday November 27, 2010 4:09PM THE FACTS:  Behind  Jamal Crawford 's 21 points off the bench, the Atlanta Hawks withstood a spirited third-quarter run and took a Saturday matinee 99-90 from the New York Knicks at Madison Square Garden. QUOTABLE:  "I was talking a lot of trash to the fans and they made me look good."    -- Hawks forward  Josh Smith  about how his teammates picked up the win despite him playing only 23 minutes due to foul trouble. THE STAT:  In his first appearance in New York since flirting with them as a free agent this summer,  Joe Johnson  didn't make them forlorn for failing to sign him. He shot just 3-of-15 from the floor and missed all six of 3-point attempts. Johnson scored seven points, after averaging 24.5 against them last season. TURNING POINT:  With the Knicks on a 9-0 run and having worked their way back from an 18-point halftime deficit, the momentum was all theirs despite the Hawks having a 75-71 lead. But when Crawford nailed a corner 3-pointer with 10:21 remaining in the fourth quarter, Atlanta took back control of the game and never let it back up. QUOTABLE II:  "That's the one that can keep the pressure off of you."    -- Jamal Crawford on the 3-pointer he made that was the turning point of the game. NOT:  The Knicks have found themselves an identity this year: they tend to live and die by how well they shoot from beyond the arc. During their five-game winning streak, they hit at least 40 percent of their 3-pointers in every game. But against the Hawks they hit just 4-of-15 from long distance (26.7 percent). INSIDE THE ARENA:  As usual,  Chris Rock  was in the building and sitting front row.  Aziz Ansari  was also in the house. ROOKIE WATCH:   Landry Fields  continued his surprising rookie season. He grabbed double-digit rebounds for the second game in a row with 11 and added 15 points. It was his fourth double-double of the season. Landry is now averaging 10.8 points per game and 6.9 rebounds. NOTABLE:  The loss snapped the Knicks' five-game winning streak. The Hawks' win put an end to their personal three-game losing streak to New York. It was also their second game after a team meeting following their loss Tuesday to New Jersey, in which they stressed the importance of coming out more energetic to start the game. Both times they held a 10-point lead after the first quarter. UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Sunday @ Detroit, Tuesday vs. New Jersey, Friday @ New Orleans. For the Hawks, Sunday @ Toronto, Wednesday vs. Memphis, Friday vs. Philadelphia.  