  Notebook: Trail Blazers 110, Wizards 99 Posted Sunday March 11, 2012 12:44AM By Daimon Eklund, for NBA.com THE FACTS: LaMarcus Aldridge  had a near-perfect night for the Trail Blazers with 30 points on 12-for-15 shooting, 10 rebounds, three assists and no turnovers to lead Portland to a 110-99 win against the Washington Wizards. Jamal Crawford  scored 23 and  Raymond Felton  had 21 for the Trail Blazers, who had lost two in a row and their last four road games. John Wall  had 25 points, eight assists and no turnovers for the Wizards, but Washington's defensive efforts doomed its first game since Wednesday's win over the Lakers. QUOTABLE:  "We've had our ups and downs and we've been on the opposite end of this so I think we're just due. We're due a good shooting night."   -- Aldridge THE STAT:  Portland made 26 of 27 free throws, with the only miss coming in the final minute. Felton finished 9-for-10 from the line, and Aldridge and Crawford were both 6-for-6. Washington was 16-for-25 from the line. TURNING POINT:  The Trail Blazers led most of the game, but until the fourth quarter Washington hung around and kept it close. Portland scored the first four points of the final quarter to take a 10-point lead, but Washington crept back within three, 88-85. The Trail Blazers then went on a run capped by five straight points from Felton to take a 102-90 lead. HOT:  Aldridge has scored at least 22 points in each of his last three games and is 30-for-44 from the field in that stretch. NOT:  Washington's shooting guards  Jordan Crawford  and  Nick Young  were a combined 7-for-26 from the field and 1-for-8 on 3-pointers. QUOTABLE II:  "Lot of frustration, losing, and the fact that, you know, I felt he had his forearm in my throat. So I was just trying to get some space between me and him."    -- Portland center  Marcus Camby , on getting tangled up with Wizards forward  Kevin Seraphin  while rebounding in the second quarter. Camby was ejected after the play. GOOD MOVE:  Before the game Portland coach  Nate McMillan  said he'd thought about making a lineup change to end the team's losing streak, but decided the lineup wasn't the issue. He left his rotation intact, giving the players a chance to get back on track. BAD MOVE:  Camby shoved Seraphin to the ground as the two were fighting for position on a rebound with 1:45 left in the second quarter, and Seraphin got up and gave Camby a shove to the chest. Camby earned a flagrant 2 and the ejection, while Seraphin was given a technical. NOTABLE:  The crowd of 18,071 did the wave for several minutes early in the fourth quarter. ... The Wizards won at Portland 124-109 on Feb. 14. ... Portland is three games into a seven-game road trip. UP NEXT:  For the Trail Blazers, Tuesday @ Indiana, Wednesday @ New York, Friday @ Chicago. For the Wizards, Monday @ San Antonio, Tuesday @ Dallas, Thursday @ New Orleans.  