  Notebook: Thunder 100, Lakers 85 Posted Friday February 24, 2012 1:35AM By Randy Renner, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The Oklahoma City Thunder will go rolling into the All-Star break riding a five-game winning streak after drilling the Los Angeles Lakers 100-85 behind 33 points from  Kevin Durant . The three-time All-Star was 12-for-22, handed out six assists, grabbed four rebounds, picked up three steals and blocked a shot. Despite his heroics, it was the Thunder's defense, especially their bigs, who continually frustrated the Lakers.  Serge Ibaka  pulled down 13 rebounds and blocked three shots,  Kendrick Perkins  had nine boards and two blocks and the OKC defense held the Lakers to just 38.5 percent shooting. Lakers star  Kobe Bryant  again struggled with his shot going just 7-for-24, he led the Lakers though with 24 points, 10 of those coming at the free throw line. L.A. center  Andrew Bynum  had 14 points but it took him 15 shots to get there. He also pulled down 12 rebounds.  Pau Gasol  had about the best night of any Laker with 22 points on 9-for-14 shooting and nine rebounds. Oklahoma City had three more players in double figures,  Russell Westbrook  had 19,  James Harden  added 16 and Ibaka had 11. QUOTABLE:  "It was a great game for us, we played with a lot of physical and mental toughness. Our bigs gave us everything they had. Perk [Kendrick Perkins] and Serge [Ibaka] did a terrific job. They didn't allow them to get easy shots."   -- Thunder coach  Scott Brooks THE STAT:  In the first quarter the Lakers were 10-for-20 and Oklahoma City was just 7-for-19 (36.8 percent). In the second and third quarters things changed. The Thunder were 22-for-37 (59.5 percent) and the Lakers were just 12-for-40 (30 percent). QUOTABLE II:  "Gotta give credit to the opponent. They're a really good team. We didn't give ourselves a chance."   -- Lakers guard  Derek Fisher TURNING POINT:  In the second and third quarters the Lakers managed to score 20 and 19 points while OKC put 27 on the board in each stanza. That gave the Thunder an 11 point lead going into the final 12 minutes and the Lakers could get no closer than seven points the rest of the way. QUOTABLE III:  "Perk loves to be tough, loves to be physical and we need him to be that way. He's changed our team."   -- Scott Brooks on the quality of his team's defensive play. Since Perkins joined the team last season Oklahoma City is 40-11 in the games he's started. HOT:  The Lakers finished the first quarter 10-for-20 (50 percent)...Thunder forward Serge Ibaka had four points, five rebounds and a block in the first eight minutes of the game...OKC's Kevin Durant was 7-for-12 (20 points) in the first half...L.A.'s Pau Gasol was 5-for-7 (13 points) in the first half...In the second half Durant and James Harden were a combined 9-for-16. NOT:  Oklahoma City was just 5-for-15 (33.3 percent) at the 4:30 mark in the first quarter and finished the first at 36.8 percent (7-for-19...Lakers guard Kobe Bryant was just 4-for-13 in the first half but he did have 10 points...In the second half Bryant and Andrew Bynum were a combined 6-for-20. QUOTABLE IV:  "We kinda played into their hands at times and then we played (bad) and got beat."   -- Lakers center Andrew Bynum INSIDE THE ARENA:  A little bit of Hollywood inside Chesapeake Energy Arena, actor  Rob Lowe  sat courtside as a guest of a member of the Thunder ownership group. Former NBA star  Desmond Mason , now a Oklahoma City businessman was also courtside along with University of Oklahoma football coach  Bob Stoops . GOOD MOVE:  Thunder sixth man James Harden hounded Lakers guard Kobe Bryant into a desperation 3-pointer as the shot clock winded down. Bryant airballed the shot into the hands of Thunder forward Kevin Durant, who fired an outlet pass down to Harden for a layup. BAD MOVE:  Midway through the second quarter, Harden led a fast break then drove into the lane but instead of taking the shot himself he flipped a no-look, over-the-back pass toward Durant, who couldn't catch it and the ball ended up in Laker hands. BAD MOVE, TOO:  With just 0.8 of a second left in the first half, Lakers center Andrew Bynum tried to fire a length of the court inbound pass but didn't see a man open so he tried to just toss the ball to Derek Fisher. But Durant stepped in front to intercept the pass and fired up a shot that was ruled good after an officials review. The play increased a 44-43 Thunder lead to 46-41 going into halftime. NOTABLE:  Oklahoma City has now won 12 straight games at home which ties a franchise record...At 27-7 Oklahoma City continues atop the Western Conference and also will go into the break tied with Miami for the best record in the NBA. QUOTABLE V:  "It's cool that we have the record we do but we can't be complacent, it's not over yet. We have to come out of the break with some momentum."   -- Thunder forward Kevin Durant on his team's 27-7 first half. UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Wednesday vs. Minnesota, March 2nd vs. Sacramento, March 4th vs. Miami. For the Thunder, Wednesday @ Philadelphia, March 1st @ Orlando, March 3rd @ Atlanta.  