  Thunder-Grizzlies notebook   By Marlon W. Morgan, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday March 8, 2011 12:07AM THE FACTS:  After watching a 17-point third quarter lead shrink to one point late in the fourth quarter, the Memphis Grizzlies dug in defensively, using a blocked shot by  Shane Battier  and a pair of steals to pull out a 107-101 win over Oklahoma City. The Grizzlies captured the season series against the Thunder, 3-1. Leading the way was the backcourt of  Tony Allen  (20 points, six rebounds) and  Mike Conley  (20 points, nine assists, zero turnovers). QUOTABLE:  "We made some costly mistakes. We always seemed to have it within two or three (points) and we couldn't get over that hump. But you have to give the Grizzlies credit. They always play us real tough. They're a tough-minded team and well-coached. They played hard every possession, so you have to give those guys credit."   --  Thunder forward  Kevin Durant , who had 23 points, but was just 8 of 20 from the floor . THE STAT:  The win over the Thunder now gives the Grizzlies a 9-6 record this season against the top four teams in the Western Conference (San Antonio, Dallas, LA. Lakers, and Oklahoma City. They have won the season series against both Dallas and the Thunder, while also owning a pair of wins against the Lakers. TURNING POINT:  Oklahoma City guard  Russell Westbrook  completed a three-point play with 4:18 left in the game, pulling the Thunder to within 93-92. The Grizzlies answered with a 7-2 spurt, aided by Battier's blocked shot of Westbrook and a steal and layup from Conley to build a 100-94 cushion that they used to close out the game. HOT:  Whatever the reason is, Tony Allen seems to like playing against the Thunder. Allen came into the game averaging 18.3 points, three steals, and 1.67 blocked shots in the team's first three meetings. Tonight was no different as he scored 20 points to go along with six boards and a steal, while also playing his usual suffocating defense. NOT:  The Grizzlies failed to get much production from backup point guards  Jason Williams  and  Ishmael Smith . The two failed to score and played a combined eight minutes and 48 seconds. That forced Conley into just over 39 minutes, a night after playing the entire second half in the team's win at Dallas. In those two games, Conley has scored 37 points with 19 assists, while Williams and Smith have combined for no points and two assists. QUOTABLE II:  "It ain't all about me. It's about the Memphis Grizzlies. I was fortunate enough to have a good game today, but my teammates got me involved. I stuck within the offense and that's how it went."   --  Grizzlies guard Tony Allen on his performance against Oklahoma City this season . NOTABLE:  In a span of seven days, the Grizzlies have knocked off San Antonio, Dallas and Oklahoma City. They continue to cling to the eighth spot in the Western Conference, but now find themselves just a half-game behind No. 7 New Orleans, and one game back of No. 6 Portland...Even Grizzlies forward  Zach Randolph  is starting to buy into playing defense. Randolph had three steals against the Thunder, giving him 14 in his last four games. He has tied a career-high with his fourth straight game with multiple steals... A night after tying his season high with seven assists, guard  O.J. Mayo  came off the bench to tie a season-high with seven rebounds, which tied Battier for the team lead.... Russell Westbrook scored a game-high 27 points to go along with Durant's 23. Since the 2009-10 season, Westbrook and Durant have scored 20 or more points in the same game 58 times, the most in the NBA. UP NEXT:  For the Thunder, Wednesday at Philadelphia, Friday vs. Detroit, Saturday at Cleveland. For the Grizzlies, Wednesday vs. New York, Saturday at Miami, Monday vs. L.A. Clippers.  