Notebook: Knicks 112, Heat 92 
 
 
 Zachary Paul, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Thu Dec 06, 2012 11:42 PM - Updated Fri Dec 07, 2012 12:08 AM 
 
 THE FACTS:  Despite playing without  Carmelo Anthony , the New York Knicks defeated the Miami Heat 112-92 Thursday at AmericanAirlines Arena.  
 Guard  Raymond Felton  led the Knicks with 27 points and seven assists. Felton was one of six New York players to score in double-figures. Forward  Steve Novak  contributed 18 points off the bench while  J.R. Smith  added 13 points and six rebounds.  
 Anthony was a late scratch from the lineup when it was determined he was unable to play after sustaining a cut on his left finger late in Wednesday's victory against the Charlotte Bobcats. The injury occurred while he was chasing a loose ball.  
 The Knicks proved they could beat the defending champions without their leading scorer. They shot 45 percent from the field and only committed seven turnovers.  
 The Heat were led by forward  LeBron James , who finished with 31 points, 10 rebounds and nine rebounds.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "The key to us playing good offense is that the ball has to move from side-to-side and we have enough guys who can make shots. I think our guys feel comfortable with who shoots the ball."  --  Knicks coach  Mike Woodson.  
 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Knicks made 18 of 44 from 3-point range, their second impressive performance from behind the arc against the Heat this season.   
 
 TURNING POINT:  With the Heat hanging around, the Knicks closed it out with a 9-0 run during a span of 2:46 early in the fourth quarter. 
 
 HOT:  Felton turned the game into his personal showcase. He scored on every defender the Heat thew at him. He shot 10 of 20 from the field, including six 3-pointers. More importantly, it was his early scoring that set the tone.    
 
 NOT: Dwyane Wade  and  Chris Bosh  were no-shows for the Heat. They combined to shoot 6 of 25 from the field, with the bulk of their production coming from the free throw line. Their struggles left too much of the load on James.   
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Apparently, sitting Anthony was the perfect strategy. The Heat were viewing this as a statement game but once again came out looking like they lacked momentum. The fact the Knicks weren't at full strength could have played a factor.     
 
 BAD MOVE:  Perhaps this wasn't the game for Heat coach  Erik Spoelstra  to bring back the injured players. With the exception of  Udonis Haslem , none of the game-time decision players ( Mario Chalmers, Shane Battier, Norris Cole ) had solid games.  
 
 NOTABLE:  The Knicks have won eight of nine without Anthony ... The loss for the Heat was the worst at home during the Big Three era. The previous one was a 15-point loss to Memphis April 6 of last season ... The Knicks ended a five-game losing streak in Miami ... The Heat dropped to 8-1 at home this season, their first loss since Game 5 of the Eastern Conference against the Celtics. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Saturday vs. Hornets, Monday vs. Hawks, Wednesday vs. Warriors. For the Knicks, Saturday @ Bulls, Sunday vs. Nuggets, Tuesday @ Nets.   
