  Knicks-Raptors notebook   By Holly J. MacKenzie, for NBA.com Posted Sunday December 5, 2010 4:57PM THE FACTS:  On Sunday afternoon, the New York Knicks extended their road winning-streak to seven games with a 116-99 victory over the Toronto Raptors. The Knicks were led by  Amar'e Stoudemire ,   who scored 31 points to go with 16 rebounds. QUOTABLE:  "We definitely got our chemistry going right now. It makes my job so much easier when you've got a chemistry with a guy that can finish like that. I think he's one of the best, if not the best finisher in the league at that position." -  Raymond Felton  on playing with Amar'e Stoudemire. THE STAT:  Fourth-quarter shooting. While the Knicks shot 49 percent for the game, they connected on 65 percent of their attempts in the final quarter, including a blistering 80 percent (4-for-5) from downtown. Whenever the Raptors would threaten to cut the lead, reserve  Shawne Williams  would nail a three. The Knicks were 8-for-9 from the foul line in the fourth, while the Raptors attempted just two free throws. All seven of Stoudemire's free throw attempts came in the fourth, where he scored 15 of his 31 points. Williams, who played the entire fourth quarter, had 14 points and made all four of his 3-pointers. Williams and Stoudemire outscored the Raptors 29-24 in the fourth quarter. TURNING POINT:  After using a 15-2 run in the first quarter to take a 15-point lead, the Knicks were up only seven going into the final quarter. They opened the fourth with an 11-2 to regain control of the game and increased their lead to 14 with nine minutes remaining. The Raptors would not get any closer the rest of the way. QUOTABLE II:  "We're buying into the system offensively. We've gotten better spacing. The chemistry has gotten phenomenal between myself and Raymond. Defensively we're doing a much better job of containing guys and sticking to our principles. We've gotten smarter."  - Stoudemire on how the Knicks have improved since their opening-night victory against the Raptors.  HOT:   Amir Johnson  had a career performance in the loss, finishing with a season-high 22 points and a career-high 16 rebounds, eight offensive. Perhaps the most impressive part of Johnson's performance was that he was able to play almost 39 minutes of action while only picking up two personal fouls. Averaging 3.6 personal fouls in 20 minutes per game, if Johnson can continue to keep his fouling down and stay on the floor, his opportunities will continue to rise in the absence of the injured  Reggie Evans . NOT: Leandro Barbosa  had a 1-for-9 shooting night off the Raptors' bench, with his lone make being a 3-pointer. After shooting over 50 percent in his last two games, Barbosa's lackluster performance left Raptors' coach  Jay Triano  looking for something more from his guards. "Find a wing that could play," Triano said of his reasoning for playing both  Jerryd Bayless  and  Jose Calderon  together in the fourth. "We got flex-cut on the bottom three or four times, back-cut. We weren't into help, it wasn't like we were occupied with something else. Tough on our wings today, they had a tough day." ROOKIE WATCH:  After being named November's Eastern Conference Rookie of the Month,  Landry Fields  has continued to put in solid performances for the Knicks. Fields recorded his sixth double-double of the season, grabbing 15 points to go with 10 rebounds, three assists and three steals. NOTABLE:  The Knicks tied an opponent season-high with 12 made 3-pointers against the Raptors. Bayless scored a season-high 23 points to go with seven rebounds and six assists in 27 minutes and is averaging 12.3 points since being traded to the Raptors. This was Stoudemire's 10th double-double and the fifth time he has scored 30-plus points while grabbing 10-plus rebounds this season. UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Monday vs. Minnesota, Wednesday vs. Toronto and Friday @ Washington. For the Raptors, Monday @ Indiana, Wednesday @ New York and Friday vs. Denver.  