  Lakers-Blazers notebook   By Kerry Eggers, for NBA.com Posted Thursday February 24, 2011 2:11AM THE FACTS:   Kobe Bryant  scored 28 of his 37 points after intermission to carry the Los Angeles Lakers to a 106-101 overtime victory over the Trail Blazers Wednesday night at the Rose Garden. Portland led 87-79 with 4:23 remaining, but failed to score for the remainder of regulation and the Lakers seized control in overtime. QUOTABLE:  "They made some plays. We missed some open shots, especially myself. Open threes. Can't miss those. And Kobe took over the game, like he used to."    -- Portland's  Nicolas Batum , on the Lakers overcoming an eight-point deficit with 4:23 left in regulation to post the overtime victory. THE STAT:  Portland missed its last seven shots in regulation, including three close-range attempts by  LaMarcus Aldridge  in the final minute. TURNING POINT:  With the Lakers ahead 98-97 in overtime, Bryant scored his team's last eight points, on a 10-foot jumper and six straight free throws over the final 27.9 seconds of the extra session. QUOTABLE II:  "We had opportunities to make big shots to close the game out. We missed our shots; they made theirs. That's why they're a championship team."    -- Portland's LaMarcus Aldridge. HOT:  Bryant was only 4-for-15 from the field in the first half but caught fire after that, draining 10 of 16 attempts after the break. NOT:  The Blazers'  Rudy Fernandez  took only 3-point shots and made 2-for-7 attempts from beyond the arc. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  It's Bryant again, with 37 points, nine rebounds, six assists and three steals in 45 minutes. INSIDE THE ARENA:   Brandon Roy  drew a thunderous standing ovation from the capacity crowd when he entered the game late in the first quarter. It was the first appearance in a Blazer uniform since Dec. 15 for the three-time All-Star, who underwent arthroscopic surgery on both knees on Jan. 17. Roy scored five points in 16 minutes of action. GOOD MOVE:  After Aldridge scored 29 points through three quarters, the Lakers focused their defense more on the Blazers' power forward, double-teaming with every touch. Aldridge went scoreless in the fourth quarter and overtime session. BAD MOVE:  The Lakers'  Lamar Odom  kept harping at official  Marat Kogut  after a personal foul, finally drawing a technical with 6:37 left in the fourth quarter. Rudy Fernandez made the free throw, which could have cost the visitors the game. ROOKIE WATCH:  Little-used Portland guard  Armon Johnson  got in during the closing seconds and scored the game's final points on a driving layin. NOTABLE:  Portland had won nine of the previous 10 and 15 of the previous 18 meetings with the Lakers at the Rose Garden. The Lakers, though, have now won two in a row on the Blazers' homecourt. UP NEXT:  For the Blazers, vs. Denver Friday, vs. Atlanta Sunday, vs. Houston Tuesday. For the Lakers, vs. L.A. Clippers Friday, at Oklahoma City Sunday, at Minnesota Tuesday.  