  Wizards-Heat notebook   By Shandel Richardson, for NBA.com Posted Friday February 25, 2011 11:12PM THE FACTS:  The Miami Heat defeated the Washington Wizards 121-113 Friday night at AmericanAirlines Arena. Guard  Dwyane Wade  led all scorers with 41 points. The Heat trailed by five after the first quarter before Wade helped awaken his teammates. After shooting 38 percent in the first quarter, the Heat recovered offensively behind Wade. It was Miami's 10th win in 12 games and provided much-needed momentum entering Sunday's game against the New York Knicks. Guard  Nick Young  led the Wizards with 35 points. QUOTABLE:  "I think there was a little bit of a hangover at the beginning of the game. Then we showed a lot more energy, at least on one side of the floor. We'll have to get better at that. Defensively, we played in spurts."   -- Heat coach  Erik Spoelstra THE STAT:  The Heat got to the free-throw line 45 times, making just 34. Despite the misses, it proved the Heat were being aggressive instead of settling for jumpshots. A passive Heat team usually means a loss, but that wasn't the case Friday. TURNING POINT:  Trailing by five, Wade took over at the start of the second quarter, scoring 18 of the Heat's first 19 points. During that time, the Heat gained a lead they never relinquished. Wade finished with 20 points in the quarter. HOT:  Wade rebounded from a slow first quarter where he was almost nonexistent. He scored just three points before taking control. Wade was 18 of 27 from the field, tying a career-high for field goals. NOT:   Chris Bosh  struggled through another subpar game. He was just 5 of 12 from the field, and never appeared comfortable. He has shot 6 of 30 in the past two games, including a 1-for-18 performance against the Bulls. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Wade could do no wrong and made a lot of fantasy owners happy. He shot at a high percentage and also had five rebounds and two assists. GOOD MOVE:  With Bosh struggling from the field, guard  Mario Chalmers  picked up some of the scoring load. Chalmers was very aggressive in the first quarter, scoring nine points. He finished with 14 points on 5 of 9 shooting. He had a key 3-pointer at the end of the third quarter. BAD MOVE:  The Wizards simply weren't healthy enough. They were without forwards  Al Thornton  and  Andray Blatche  and just didn't have enough firepower to match the Heat. It left coach  Flip Saunders  with limited options. ROOKIE WATCH:  Guard  John Wall  was impressive with 24 points and 12 rebounds. He played a strong 38 minutes despite newly acquired guard  Mike Bibby  making his debut. NOTABLE:  Heat forward  Mike Miller  missed his four straight game because of an ear infection. Miller continues to be evaluated, but could play Sunday against the Knicks. The Heat have won seven straight games at home. UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Sunday vs. New York, Thursday vs. Orlando, Friday @ San Antonio. For the Wizards, Saturday vs. Dallas, Monday vs. Chicago, Wednesday vs. Golden State.  