Notebook: Clippers 110, Nets 103 
 
 
 Dan Arritt, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Nov 17, 2013 2:04 AM - Updated Sun Nov 17, 2013 2:04 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  Clippers point guard  Chris Paul  finished with 12 points and 13 assists, the 10th straight game with double figures in points and assists to start the season, matching  John Stockton  for the second-longest streak and one behind  Magic Johnson's  record of 11. 
 
 THE LEAD:  Despite missing four starters because of injury, the Nets played the Clippers tough nearly to the wire Saturday night before  Blake Griffin, J.J. Redick, DeAndre Jordan  and Paul proved too much in the 110-103 victory at Staples Center. 
 
 THE STAT:  Griffin and Redick each set season highs in scoring. Griffin finished with 30 points and 12 rebounds and Redick posted 26 points, fed by five 3-pointers. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We turned it on and won the game and I'm happy about that.  ... What I didn't like was the [17] turnovers and [16] offensive rebounds that killed us tonight."   --  Clippers coach  Doc Rivers. 
 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Despite a 10-1 run to end the first half and an 18-0 run during the third quarter, the Clippers couldn't shake the Nets, who were playing without  Paul Pierce  (sore groin),  Kevin Garnett  (ankle),  Deron Williams  (ankle) and  Brook Lopez  (ankle). Redick's deep 3 with 3:25 remaining in the game gave L.A. a 96-92 lead and seemed to finally take some air out of Brooklyn. Paul, despite being 1-for-10 from the field at the time, then found space to let go another 3 and it found nothing but net with 2:06 left for an eight-point lead. The Nets were able to cut the deficit back to three twice in the final minute but couldn't get the ball back still trailing by one possession. 
 
 HOT:  Griffin shot 12-for-19 and showed good quickness early. He provided a scare midway through the third quarter when he grabbed his right Achilles tendon area and then hobbled back to the locker room. He returned shortly afterward, however, and helped the Clippers get started on the 18-0 run that erased an 11-point deficit. Redick shot 9-for-14, including 5-for-7 from 3-point range. Griffin and Redick combined to score the first 21 points by the Clippers. A few others had noteworthy games for the hosts, including  Byron Mullens , who made all four field goal attempts and scored 10 points off the bench and  Jamal Crawford  provided another 13 points for the L.A. reserves. Jordan took advantage of the absence of Garnett and Lopez in the middle and lit the Nets up for nine points, 16 rebounds and five blocked shots. As for the Nets, rookie  Mason Plumlee  and fellow big man  Andray Blatche  took advantage of the extra minutes and each delivered 19 points. 
 
 NOT:  Brooklyn guard  Joe Johnson  was the hero Friday night, sinking a last-second shot in overtime to lift the Nets over the Suns. But he shot 6-for-19 in that game and wasn't much better against the Clippers, finishing 5-for-17 for a weekend shooting percentage of 30.5.  Shaun Livingston  got a chance to start at point guard with the absence of Williams, but he didn't take advantage of the opportunity the way Plumlee and Blatche did, shooting 4-for-14 with 11 points, five assists and three turnovers against the team that drafted him fourth overall in 2004. As for the Clippers,  Jared Dudley  missed all six of his field-goal attempts and went scoreless for the first time as a Clipper. The team's starting small forward was also limited to two points in two of the previous four games as well. As was mentioned above, Paul missed nine of his first 10 field-goal attempts but made his last two, the ones that fans will remember. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Shortly after returning to the floor following his injury scare, Griffin blocked Plumlee's layup from behind leading to a fast break the other way. Clippers coach Rivers probably would have understood if Griffin chose to hang back and watch, seeing as he just suffered an apparent foot injury, but Griffin joined the break down the left side, took a pass from Paul and laid it in for a three-point play, tying the score at 67. The Clippers never trailed again. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:   "I felt something in my Achilles when I came down and it kind of scared me more than it should have, but I'm good."  --  Griffin . 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Blatche had a good game but he likely would have had an even better one had he not committed his second foul with 4:40 left in the first quarter. The Nets were already real thin up front and losing another big body to foul trouble was the last thing they needed at the time. 
 
 NOTABLE:  The Clippers owned a 51-39 edge in rebounding, despite getting out-rebounded 16-13 on the offensive end. ... Redick went 3-for-4 from the free-throw line, dropping his season percentage from 96.4 to 87.5. Redick was an 88.4 percent shooter for his eight-year career coming into the game. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Monday vs. Memphis, Wednesday @ Minnesota, Thursday @ Oklahoma City. For the Nets, Monday vs. Portland, Wednesday @ Charlotte, Friday @ Minnesota. 
