  Notebook: Grizzlies 97, Heat 82 Posted Friday April 6, 2012 11:02PM By Shandel Richardson, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The Memphis Grizzlies defeated the Miami Heat 97-82 Friday at AmericanAirlines Arena. Forward  Rudy Gay  led the Grizzlies with 17 points while guard  Mike Conley  added 15. The Grizzlies had seven players score in double-figures, including  Marreese Speights  (15) and  Zach Randolph  (14). The Grizzlies never trailed after jumping out to an early 8-2 lead. They led by as many as 19 in the first half and were able withstand every Heat rally. Miami pulled to within 60-50 on  Chris Bosh 's jumper with five minutes left in the third quarter, but got no closer. The Grizzlies matched every Heat basket before increasing the lead to 21 midway through the fourth quarter. Miami, which shot 40 percent from the field, was led by  LeBron James ' 21 points. Bosh finished with 19 points while  Dwyane Wade  had 20. QUOTABLE:  "I've been having a lot of ups and downs coming from my injury. I just wanted to go out and try to get a rhythm. I haven't been in a rhythm lately. With a season like this, you've got to find a way to get your legs under you."   -- Rudy Gay THE STAT:  The Heat shot 37 percent and committed 10 turnovers in the first quarter. TURNING POINT:  The Grizzlies scored eight of the game's first 10 points and never looked back. They led by double digits the entire second half, and answered every Miami rally. Memphis never trailed. QUOTABLE II:  "The first time I looked up at the scoreboard, we were up 15 points. We were playing well and we had a lot of people do a lot of good things. Our defense was really good early on. We slowed the tempo like we like to do and we ran when we had opportunities."   -- Grizzlies coach  Lionel Hollins HOT:  The Heat had no answer for Gay during the first three quarters when he scored all 17 of his points. He was effective from the perimeter and off the dribble despite being defended by James. NOT:  Wade started the game by missing eight of his first nine shots. He never recovered from the poor start. It could be Wade is still bothered a left knee bruise that kept him out of Tuesday's game against the Philadelphia 76ers. GOOD MOVE:  How about the return of Agent Zero? The Grizzlies unleashed  Gilbert Arenas , who reverted to the form that made him an All-Star during his glory years with the Washington Wizards. Arenas finished with 12 points, shooting 4-for-5 from 3-point range. BAD MOVE:  Miami was simply dominated on the boards in the early stages. They gave up too many offensive rebounds, which led to Memphis grabbing a big first-half lead. The performance comes two days after the Heat were so successful on the glass against Oklahoma City. NOTABLE:  The Grizzlies ended the Heat's 17-game home winning streak. Miami fell one shy of the franchise record, set in 2004-05. Heat swingman Mike Miller missed his 14th straight game with a sprained left ankle. Grizzlies guard  Tony Allen  (mouth) was a late scratch. He was replaced by  Quincy Pondexter  in the starting lineup. UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Sunday vs. Detroit, Tuesday vs. Boston, Thursday @ Chicago. For the Grizzlies, Saturday vs. Dallas, Monday vs. L.A. Clippers, Wednesday vs. Phoenix.  