  Notebook: Magic 92, Raptors 88  Posted Monday March 5, 2012 10:55PM By Duane Watson, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The Orlando Magic (25-14) notched another road win against the Toronto Raptors (12-26) 92-88, Monday night at the Air Canada Centre. The win starts a three road trip and gives the Magic their sixth win in their last eight road games. Down 68-63 after three quarters, Raptors guard  Jerryd Bayless  led a fourth quarter rally with 12 points, 6 rebounds and 3 assists in the quarter to bring them to within two points. However,  J.J. Redick's  pair of free throws with 5.1 seconds left iced the game at 92-88. The Magic were led by  Dwight Howard's  36 points and 13 rebounds,  Ryan Anderson  also had a double-double with 19 points and 13 rebounds and Redick added 13 including the last five points of the game.  DeMar DeRozan  led all Raptors scorers with 23 points, Bayless finished the game with 15 points, 6 rebounds and 5 assists, while center  Aaron Gray  had a double-double with 11 points and 11 rebounds. The Raptors are 1-2 on their current four game homestand and presently 3-8 on the second game of back-to-backs. QUOTABLE:  "We needed a big shot and J.J. is a guy that we really rely on for those big moment shots. We really trust him and he knocked it down once again and those free throws were really clutch."   -- Magic forward  Ryan Anderson  on Redick. THE STAT:  The Orlando Magic scored 50 points in the paint, more than half of their scoring total, many of which came from Anderson and Howard. The Raptors are second in the league in opponent's points in the paint allowed at 35.7 per game, but were unable to defend the inside against the Magic. TURNING POINT:  With the 9.7 seconds left in the game, Magic guard,  Jason Richardson  found Redick in the corner for a baseline 3-pointer to put the Magic up 90-85.  Jose Calderon  responded for the Raptors with a 3-point shot from the top of the key on the ensuing possession to bring it back with 2 points, but Redicks' two free throws iced the game at 92-88. QUOTABLE II:  "That was about as low energy as slow as slow game as you can have. It wasn't that teams played badly in the half court offensively or defensively, but my god the game just walked up and down the floor. Both teams."   -- Magic head coach  Stan Van Gundy HOT:  Magic big men Anderson and Howard recorded double-doubles after three quarters. Anderson had 19 points and 13 rebounds while Howard had 36 points and 13 rebounds. Anderson pulled down 7 offensive rebounds, more than the entire Raptors squad's output of 10 on the offensive glass. GOOD MOVE:  Calderon wasn't giving Raptors head coach  Dwane Casey  what he needed on 3 for 9 shooting and went with Bayless for much of the second half. Bayless responded with 15 points 6 rebounds and 5 assists in the second half and was paired with Calderon down the stretch. NOTABLE:  Orlando has won both meetings with Toronto this season. ... The Magic outscored the Raptors 50-38 in the paint. ... The Raptors are 0-9 when trailing after three quarters. ... Anderson earned his eight double-double of the season. ... Howard scored 36 points in 36 minutes, yet shot 4 for 14 from the free throw line. ...  Hedo Turkoglu  tied a season high 9 assists, a game high. ... Raptors forward  Amir Johnson  was inactive with a knee injury. ... Toronto played home games on consecutive nights for the second time this season and 10th time in team history. UP NEXT:  Toronto continues it's homestand on Wednesday vs. Houston, then plays @ Detroit on Saturday and home again Sunday vs. Milwaukee. Orlando next plays on Tuesday @ Charlotte, Thursday @ Chicago and Sunday vs., Indiana.  