Notebook: Raptors 106, Lakers 94 
 
 
 Dan Arritt, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Mon Dec 09, 2013 1:33 AM - Updated Mon Dec 09, 2013 1:33 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  Toronto center  Amir Johnson  scored a career-high 32 points against the Lakers. 
 
 THE LEAD:  The return of  Kobe Bryant  was expected, the departure of  Rudy Gay  was not. Both teams had to adjust to new starting lineups Sunday night as Bryant returned to the Lakers for the first time in eight months and Gay left the Raptors in a seven-player trade with the Kings. In the end, it was the Raptors who adjusted the best as Johnson had the best game of his nine-year career, fellow Los Angeles-native  DeMar DeRozan  added 26 points and  Kyle Lowry  scored 23 as Toronto came away with a 106-94 victory on the emotional night at Staples Center.  
 
 THE STAT:  Bryant didn't put up the type of numbers many had come to expect prior to his Achilles' tendon injury last April, finishing with nine points on 2-for-9 shooting, eight rebounds, four assists and eight turnovers in 28 minutes. 
 
 QUOTABLE I:  "I felt like I could run all day long, it's just a matter of getting those game legs back." 
 
 -- Bryant 
 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Raptors never trailed after building an 11-2 lead in the game's first four minutes. The Lakers were trailing by four at the half and got within four twice more in the fourth quarter, the final time on two free throws by Bryant with 4:50 left. But DeRozan scored inside, then hit two free throws and Lowry's drive capped the 6-0 burst that put the Lakers back behind by double figures and out of comebacks. 
 
 HOT:  Johnson lost his starting job on Dec. 1 after failing to reach double figures in scoring in five of the last six games in November. He was given another shot to escape the rut when his replacement in the starting lineup,  Tyler Hansbrough , suffered a sprained left shoulder early in Friday's loss at Phoenix. Johnson responded with a season-high 22 points off the bench. Hansbrough was still ailing Sunday so Johnson was put back with the starting unit and he didn't waste any time impressing his bosses, scoring 13 points in the opening quarter on 6-for-8 shooting. Johnson, who entered the game fifth in the league in field-goal percentage (56 percent), finished 14-for-17 from the floor while pitching in 10 rebounds. ... Lowry has topped 20 points in three straight games for the first time since the first three contests last season, while also adding eight assists, five rebounds and three steals. 
 
 NOT:   The starters for L.A. combined to shoot 8-for-32 from the field and none scored in double figures. Pau Gasol continues to struggle with just about every aspect of his game, missing eight of 11 attempts and finishing with seven points. In the two home games this month, Gasol is a combined 6-for-26 from the field, which is why he's getting booed more than any time in his Lakers career. Gasol came into the game shooting 41.8 percent from the floor this season, 10 points below his average. He didn't seem willing or able to prevent Toronto's 62 points in the paint either. ...  Landry Fields  entered the starting lineup after Gay was traded about 2 ½ hours before tip off, but he didn't take advantage of his opportunity, missing all six of his field-goal attempts, including a wide-open two-handed dunk in the opening quarter. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We're going to have to work some things out. There's always the possibility that the flow is disrupted and you don't play well." 
 
 -- Lakers coach  Mike D'Antoni 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  The Raptors probably knew it was their night when  Terrence Ross  banked in a heave from beyond half court to end the first quarter and give his team a 30-20 lead.   
 
 BAD MOVE:  The Lakers were attempting to cut into the lead early in the fourth quarter when  Nick Young  tried a move many have never seen before, and probably hope to never see again. Young drove to the basket from the wing and had a chance to go up strong, but instead went into an airborne 360-degree spin before attempting reverse layup. The shot didn't come close, landing on the top of the backboard before coming down in the hands of DeRozan, who passed the ball ahead to Ross for a 3-pointer, stretching the lead back to 10 and prompting D'Antoni to call timeout. He didn't bother trying to hide his displeasure at Young's erratic shot. The referees also had their somewhat embarrassing moment, allowing  Jonas Valanciunas  to make two free throws before realizing Lowry was supposed to be at the line. Lowry made both attempts as well, but it's difficult to understand how the officials could confuse the two. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Johnson, DeRozan and Fields all grew up in the Los Angeles area. ... Lowry has recorded at least six assists in a career-best 11 straight games. ... The Lakers bench outscored their starters, 71-23. ... The 23 points by the Lakers' starters is the lowest in franchise history since starters began being noted in 1970-71. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Tuesday vs. Phoenix, Friday @ Oklahoma City, Saturday @ Charlotte. For the Raptors, Tuesday vs. San Antonio, Friday vs. Philadelphia, Saturday @ Chicago. 
