  Heat-Bulls notebook   By Kent McDill, for NBA.com Posted Thursday February 24, 2011 11:46PM THE FACTS:  In a regular season game with a distinct playoff feel, the Chicago Bulls beat the Miami Heat 93-89 Thursday.  Luol Deng  hit a 3-pointer with 16 seconds left to break an 89-89 tie and give the Bulls the victory.  Derrick Rose  led the Bulls with 26 points, while  Dwyane Wade  had 34 points and  LeBron James  had 29 for the Heat. THE FACTS II:  The game was heralded as a contest between a pair of Big Threes (James, Wade and  Chris Bosh  for Miami; Rose,  Carlos Boozer  and  Joakim Noah  for the Bulls) but both teams had one player fail to show up. Bosh was 1-for-18 from the field for seven points while Noah played only 10 minutes of the second half. Instead, unheralded forward Deng had 20 points, 18 in the second half, and spirited the Bulls back from a nine-point halftime deficit. QUOTABLE:  "There are 12 men that dress and five guys on the floor. It takes more than three guys to make a team."    -- Luol Deng, talking about not being considered one of the Bulls' Big Three. THE STAT:  Wade (10 points) and James (four points) were the only Heat players to score in the third quarter, when Miami went 6-for-21 from the field (28.6 percent). When  Mario Chalmers  made a 3-pointer with 5:25 left in the fourth quarter, it was the first points of the half scored by someone other than James and Wade. THE STAT II:  After letting the Heat make 13 of 22 shots (59.1 percent) in the first quarter, the Bulls held the Heat to 19 of 57 shooting (33.3 percent) the rest of the game. TURNING POINT:  The emotion of the game ratcheted up when Boozer was called for an elbow foul on Bosh midway through the second quarter when replays appeared to show Boozer did not really make contact with Bosh's face. THE MOMENT:  Midway through the third quarter, Deng made a rebound basket to cut Miami's lead to 63-60, then stole the ball from James and made a fast-break layup to cut the lead to one. Deng received a huge ovation from the United Center crowd, one of the loudest of his seven-year career. HOT:  Deng, who was 7-for-12 Thursday, is 35-for-69 in his last five games, averaging almost 20 points a game. NOT:  After going 1-for-18 Thursday, Bosh is 8-for-36 in two games against the Bulls this season. ROOKIE WATCH:  With Noah asking out of the game early in the second half, Bulls rookie center  Omer Asik  proved his worth with a game-high 11 rebounds. He did not take a shot in the game. QUOTABLE II:  "There is no way you can recoup C.B. tonight. He just didn't have the touch tonight. It's hard for a 50 percent shooter to go 1-for-18. It's like Boozer going 1-for-18. It's hard to recoup that."    -- LeBron James, talking about Chris Bosh's bad shooting night. INSIDE THE ARENA:   Kanye West  and newly elected Chicago mayor  Rahm Emanuel  were in attendance. GOOD MOVE:  The Bulls were being asked to give up Asik in a trade with Houston but chose to keep him as a backup to Noah. BAD MOVE:  Miami coach  Erik Spoelstra  played only eight players and got only two points and three rebounds from his bench. The Bulls had 22 points and 20 rebounds from their reserves. NOTABLE:  Wednesday's game at Atlanta will be the 59th game of the season for the Bulls, but their first of the season against Eastern Conference opponent Hawks. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Saturday @ Milwaukee, Monday @ Washington, Wednesday @ Atlanta. For the Heat, Friday vs. Washington, Sunday vs. New York, Thursday vs. Orlando.  