  Hornets-Spurs notebook   By Tim Price, for NBA.com Posted Sunday December 5, 2010 10:55PM THE FACTS: Tony Parker  scored 19 points on 7-for-10 shooting and  Matt Bonner  -- who was 4-for-5 on 3-pointers -- came off the bench for 14 points as the San Antonio Spurs added to the woes of the New Orleans Hornets with a 109-84 victory Sunday at AT&T Center. The Spurs (17-3) continue with the league's best record. The 13-7 Hornets, on the other hand, are 2-6 since opening the season by winning 11 of 12 games. Some of the team's players have been bothered by a stomach bug, and news got out last night the league is close to assuming control of ownership of the franchise. QUOTABLE:  "I think they just had a bad night, and it coincided with us having a very good night."   -- Spurs coach  Gregg Popovich THE STAT:  The Spurs hit their first seven shots past the 3-point line in the second quarter, yet the depth of the blowout is illustrated by the fact San Antonio had scored 10 more points in the paint than New Orleans through the first three quarters (the Spurs led by 31 at that point and all but one starter for both teams had already gone to the bench). TURNING POINT:  The Spurs had a nine-point lead in the opening minute of the second quarter, but what happened over the next 2 1/2 minutes allowed the Spurs to put the game in their back pocket. They went 4-for-4 from the 3-point line in that span -- two of them from Bonner -- and blew open the nine-point game to a 21-point advantage with just less than nine minutes before halftime. The closest the Hornets got after that was 19 points deep into garbage time with just less than four minutes remaining in the game. QUOTABLE II:  "Our on-the-ball defense just has to get better. We can't let guards get into the lane and break down our defense because then we leave shooters open. It looked like our game against the Knicks (two nights ago) all over again where those guys made shot after shot. We never got back into the game."    --  Chris Paul HOT:  The Spurs' 3-point shooters took control of this game. San Antonio finished 11-for-22 from long range, and that puts the Spurs (shooting a .404 percentage) past the Lakers (.400) for the league lead. NOT:  While the Spurs shot almost 59 percent for the game, New Orleans (33-for-75 for 44 percent against the Spurs) haven't shot 50 percent the last four games. Marco Belinelli (0-for-6 against the Spurs) is 12-for-37 his last five games for 32 percent. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  After a streak of four games where Parker failed to score more than 12 points, it appears he's regained his stroke. He's scored 39 points in his last two games. He also had six assists and a pair of steals in almost 27 minutes against New Orleans. GOOD MOVE:  A smaller lineup for the Spurs seemed to work well the last time these two teams played when San Antonio rallied from a 61-44 halftime deficit Nov. 28. Popovich didn't wait until halftime to go small this time. Still with more than three minutes left in the first quarter the Spurs had a lineup with guards Parker,  George Hill, Gary Neal  and 3-point shooter Bonner on the floor with smallish inside player  DeJuan Blair . BAD MOVE: David West , one game removed from not playing at all against New York because of a stomach bug, played the entire first quarter. Though he was 4-for-6 and had three rebounds and a blocked shot, he had little left for the rest of the way. He was 2-for-5 the remainder of the game with just two more rebounds. ROOKIE WATCH:  It took a blowout for  Quincy Pondexter  to get a career high in minutes. The Hornets rookie out of Washington played 22 minutes and was 4-for-7 from the field, marking the first time he has scored in double figures (10 points). NOTABLE:  The Spurs' 17-3 record matches the best 20-game start to a season in franchise history (the 2007-08 team is the only other squad in team history to do it). ... It's the worst loss of the season for New Orleans (18 was the previous).  ... The Spurs lead the season series 2-1 after dropping the first game. UP NEXT:  For the Hornets, Wednesday vs. Detroit, Friday vs. Oklahoma City, Sunday @ Philadelphia. For the Spurs, Wednesday vs. Golden State, Friday vs. Atlanta, Sunday vs. Portland.  