  Wolves-Lakers notebook   By Dan Arritt, for NBA.com Posted Saturday March 19, 2011 1:52AM THE FACTS:  Even at less than 100 percent, the Los Angeles Lakers were good enough Friday night to defeat the Minnesota Timberwolves for the 15th straight time, 106-98, at Staples Center. QUOTABLE:  "It was a difficult game. We kind of anticipated it. The first half was erratic as best, second half we played a little better."   -- Lakers coach  Phil Jackson . THE STAT:   Kobe Bryant  came into the game with a sprained left ankle, didn't get his first points until the final minute of the first half, sat out the first six minutes of the second half after emerging late from the locker room, then got laid out after banging his cheek on  Martell Webster 's head while trying to block his shot. Bryant still managed to score 18 points and distribute five assists. TURNING POINT:  The Timberwolves took a 94-93 lead on  Wes Johnson 's jumper with 3:51 remaining in the game, but the Lakers followed with an 8-0 run over the next two minutes to take their biggest lead. Minnesota couldn't get closer than five points the rest of the way. QUOTABLE II:  "[Bryant's] timing was off, his shooting was off, 7-19 shooting, that's not respectable. His effort was good. He lost Johnson and Johnson took advantage of him."   -- Phil Jackson. HOT:  Lakers forward  Pau Gasol  shot 12-for-17 from the field and scored 25 points for his 22nd consecutive game in double figures. Gasol is a combined 22-for-34 in his last two games with 48 points. NOT:  Bryant hasn't shot 50 percent from the floor or better in the last nine games and 14 of the last 15. GOOD MOVE:   Matt Barnes  started the fourth quarter for the Lakers and scored seven of his nine points in the first six minutes before giving way to  Ron Artest .  Lamar Odom , another non-starter, played the entire fourth quarter and scored six points, including a 3-point basket with 2:30 remaining that gave the Lakers their biggest lead, 100-94. BAD MOVE:  Lakers center  Andrew Bynum  received a flagrant-2 foul and was ejected with 6:16 remaining in the game after a hard foul on  Michael Beasley  sent him crashing to the floor. Bynum could be subject to further discipline from the league because he did not appear to go for the ball when he collided with Beasley. ROOKIE WATCH:  Johnson, the fourth overall pick out of Syracuse last June, scored a career-high 29 points on 11-for-21 shooting. He had 14 points in the first quarter, when the Timberwolves led by as many as 10. INSIDE THE ARENA:   Mike Love , the lead singer of the Beach Boys and uncle of Minnesota center  Kevin Love , was in attendance, along with fellow band member  Brian Wilson . NOTABLE:  Beasley limped to the locker room shortly after his hard fall, but x-rays on his hip were negative. UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Sunday vs. Portland, Tuesday vs. Phoenix, Friday vs. Clippers; For the Timberwolves, Sunday vs. Sacramento, Thursday @ Dallas, Friday @ Oklahoma City.  