  Nuggets-Suns notebook   By Michael Kelly, for NBA.com Posted Monday November 29, 2010 1:20AM THE FACTS:   J.R. Smith  scored 30 points as the Denver Nuggets overcame the absence of  Carmelo Anthony  and held off a furious fourth-quarter rally to beat the Phoenix Suns 138-133 on Sunday night. QUOTABLE:  "We didn't guard anybody. You score 133 points and you lose the game, that's ridiculous." --  Phoenix coach  Alvin Gentry THE STAT:  The Nuggets had seven players score in double figures, and that was with Anthony having only two points in 2:48 of playing time. Anthony left the game feeling sick and at halftime left the arena. TURNING POINT:  After the Suns cut Denver's 19-point lead to one with 22.5 seconds left, the Nuggets put the ball in the hands of point guard  Chauncey Billups . Billups calmly drained four straight free throws to keep the Suns from taking the lead. QUOTABLE II:  "I thought we'd do a little better in the fourth quarter. Giving up 44 points is really unacceptable, no matter who you're playing."   --  Billups, on the Suns' big fourth quarter HOT:   Jason Richardson  single-handedly kept the Suns in it with his shooting. The guard was 7 for 10 from 3-point range and finished with a season-high 39 points. NOT:  In a game where the teams combined to shoot 62 3-pointers, Nuggets forward  Al Harrington  didn't join the fun. He had just seven points and hit just one from long range. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Smith's 30 points and eight rebounds were a pleasant surprise considering he had 24 points combined in the last six games. GOOD MOVE:  Nuggets coach  George Karl  used a small lineup effectively again, helping to overcome the loss of Anthony. BAD MOVE:   Gentry moved  Hakim Warrick  into the starting lineup for the first time this season. He came into the game averaging 13.1 points but managed only eight. ROOKIE WATCH:  Nuggets forward  Gary Forbes  made the most of his extended minutes with Anthony out. Forbes had 15 points to continue his strong start to the season. NOTABLE:  Anthony's streak of scoring in double figures ended at 134. The last time he failed to score at least 10 points in a game was Nov. 30, 2008, against the Houston Rockets. UP NEXT:  For the Suns, Thursday at the Warriors, Friday vs. the Pacers, Sunday vs. the Wizards. For the Nuggets, Wednesday vs. the Bucks, Friday vs. the Clippers, Sunday vs. the Grizzlies.  