Notebook: Sixers 104, Suns 101 
 
 
 Andy Jasner, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Nov 25, 2012 10:53 PM - Updated Sun Nov 25, 2012 10:53 PM 
 
 THE FACTS: Jrue Holiday  scored a career-high 33 points and also contributed 13 assists, one off tying his career-high, in the Philadelphia 76ers' 104-101 victory over the Phoenix Suns on Sunday night at the Wells Fargo Center.  Evan Turner  added 16 points,  Lavoy Allen  had 11 points and  Thaddeus Young  10. The Sixers improved to 8-6 and avoided a three-game losing streak for the first time all season. 
 Six players reached double figures for the Suns (6-8), anchored by  Michael Beasley 's 21 points.  Marcin Gortat  had 18 points and  Sebastian Telfair  chipped in with 12 off the bench. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I like the fact that we came out with a lot of intensity on a back-to-back. We stayed with it and stayed with it and made enough plays to win the game. Any win in this league is a good win. After losing in overtime last night, it's great to come back and get a win like this." 
 
 -- Sixers forward Thaddeus Young 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Suns entered the game allowing a league-worst 100.5 points per game. They gave up 104 in this loss. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  There were so many big plays by both teams in the waning minutes. Trailing 103-101, Beasley had a clear drive down the lane but missed the layup. Had that shot dropped through with 2.8 seconds left, the game likely would have gone to overtime. 
 
 HOT:  Holiday was 13-for-21 from the field and 6-for-8 from the free throw line. Young also hit five of his seven shots. 
 
 NOT: Luis Scola  was 3-for-9 and  Goran Dragic  was 4-for-10 for the Suns. Both players finished with 10 points but never quite found any consistent rhythm within the offense. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I love the effort that we played with. It would have been a great game to start the road trip off with. But we have to figure out a way to stay and stick with the game plan and do a better job in rotation." 
 
 -- Suns coach  Alvin Gentry 
 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Holiday has to be mentioned here with his fifth double-double of the season. He also chipped in with three rebounds, including a huge offensive rebound and a three-point play with 3:47 remaining. 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  After a raucous atmosphere Saturday night for the Oklahoma City Thunder, the crowd of 14,518 was quiet for much of this game against the Suns. In the last five minutes, the buzz improved. For the second game in a row,  Julius Erving  presented the game ball. Erving is currently employed as a strategic advisor for the Sixers. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "Thank God Jrue was on today. He was fantastic." 
 
 -- Sixers coach  Doug Collins , on Holiday 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Collins kept the ball in Holiday's hands throughout the game. Against the Thunder, Turner ran the offense a good bit from the top of the key. Holiday was sharp from the opening tip and his coach showed a lot of trust in him. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Dragic has been the Suns' most consistent player all season. They could have run more offense through Dragic down the stretch, especially with his penchant of getting to the free throw line. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Phoenix guard  Kendall Marshall  and forward-center  Luke Zeller  didn't play. For the Sixers, guard  Maalik Wayns  had his most productive game of the season with seven points in 7:08 while forward  Arnett Moultrie  missed both shots he attempted in 7:09. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Holiday became the first Philadelphia player to have at least 33 points and 13 assists in a game since  Allen Iverson  accomplished the feat with 38 points and 15 assists against the Orlando Magic on Jan. 26, 2006. ... It was just the 30th time a Sixer has scored 30 or more points (467 games) since the franchise traded Iverson. ... The Sixers have won four straight over Phoenix after losing four of the previous five. ... Philadelphia has scored 100 or more points in each of the past two games after doing that twice in the first 12 games. ... Turner had a career-high three 3-pointers, improving his season totals to 8-for-19 from beyond the arc.  
 
 NEXT:  For the Suns, Tuesday @ Cleveland, Wednesday @ Detroit, Friday @ Toronto. For the Sixers, Tuesday vs. Dallas, Friday @ Charlotte, Saturday @ Chicago. 
