
 Grizzlies-Rockets notebook   By Matt Miller, for NBA.com Posted Friday December 17, 2010 11:54PM THE FACTS:  Hours after learning  Yao Ming  would be out for the season, the Houston Rockets took out their frustration on the Memphis Grizzlies. Kevin Martin  scored a game-high 34 points on 13-for-21 shooting as the Rockets won their seventh consecutive home game and halted Memphis' four-game winning streak with a 103-87 victory Friday at Toyota Center.  Kyle Lowry  added 17 points, a career-high 18 assists and five steals for Houston (11-15), which has won seven straight over the Grizzlies (12-15). Rudy Gay  paced Memphis' attack with 19 points before he was ejected with 5:51 left in the fourth quarter for committing a flagrant-2 on  Luis Scola . QUOTABLE:  "It was a perfect first quarter. ... [The Grizzlies] missed a lot of shots, but we kept them to one shot."   -- Rockets coach  Rick Adelman  on his team's dominance in the opening 12 minutes THE STAT:  Memphis' 13 first-quarter and 33 first-half points were the fewest Houston has allowed this season. TURNING POINT:  Houston controlled Friday's game throughout, creating all the separation it needed in the first quarter by getting to the line 11 times and shooting 11-for-18 from the field. Memphis made matters worse for itself by committing six turnovers in the opening period. QUOTABLE II:  "It's the same thing every time we play [the Rockets]. They out-quicked us. They outtoughed us. They outworked us."   -- Memphis coach  Lionel Hollins  on the Grizzlies' seven-game losing streak against Houston HOT:   Shane Battier , who made five of eight attempts from 3-point range Friday, has shot 21-for-40 from behind the arc during the Rockets' seven-game home winning streak. NOT:  Nearly every Grizzly struggled Friday, but center  Marc Gasol  stood out from his teammates. He shot 2-for-16 overall and grabbed only four rebounds. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Martin scored 20 in the first quarter for the second time in a week, shooting 7-for-9 from the floor and 5-for-5 from the free-throw line. Martin is always a solid fantasy play when going against Memphis, as he entered Friday averaging 30.3 points over his last 13 games against the Grizzlies. QUOTABLE III:  "We have to translate what we do at home, and that's ball movement and activity, on the road. "   -- Battier on what Houston must do to improve its 3-11 road record BAD MOVE:  Memphis point guard  Mike Conley  picked up two fouls in the first two minutes of the game, forcing Hollins to send rookie  Greivis Vasquez  into the game earlier than expected. By the time Conley returned to the court at the start of the second quarter, Houston was leading by 21. ROOKIE WATCH:  The Grizzlies' rookie duo of Vazquez and  Xavier Henry  combined for just two points, but Vazquez did register two assists and two steals. NOTABLE:  Yao is out for the season with a stress fracture in his left ankle. Rockets swingman  Terrence Williams  was inactive Friday, but is expected to make his debut with Houston during its upcoming three-game road trip. ... Grizzlies guard  Sam Young  came off the bench to score a season-high 19 points on 8-for-9 shooting. ... Rockets forward  Jordan Hill  blocked a season-high four shots. ... Battier pulled down a season-high 10 rebounds. ... Houston improved to 7-0 this season when it hits 10 or more 3-pointers. ... Memphis fell to 1-11 this season when it allows 100 or more points. UP NEXT:  For the Grizzlies, Saturday @ San Antonio, Tuesday vs. New Jersey, Dec. 26 @ Indiana. For the Rockets, Sunday @ Sacramento, Monday @ Golden State, Wednesday @ L.A. Clippers. 
