Notebook: Bulls 107, Heat 87 
 
 
 Kent McDill, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Dec 06, 2013 1:10 AM - Updated Fri Dec 06, 2013 1:10 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Miami Heat are 1-6 at the United Center in the regular season since the 2010-11 season when  LeBron James  joined the Heat and  Tom Thibodeau  became coach of the Bulls.  
 
 THE LEAD: Carlos Boozer  had 27 points,  Luol Deng  had 20 and  Joakim Noah  had 17 points and 15 rebounds as the Bulls crushed the Heat 107-87 Thursday at the United Center. James had 21 points for the Heat, who have a two-game losing streak for the second time this season.      
 
 THE FACTS II:  The Bulls were playing without two key contributors --  Derrick Rose  (knee) and  Jimmy Butler  (toe). The Heat were playing without two key contributors --  Dwyane Wade  (flu) and  Chris Andersen  (excused absence).    
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We have to own it. That's the first part. The answer has to come from that locker room. We didn't step up to the challenge."  
 -- Miami coach  Erik Spoelstra   
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Bulls shot 50 percent from the field, and made 10-for-19 3-pointers.   
 
 THE STAT II:  The Bulls outrebounded the Heat 49-27, and held the Heat to just six offensive rebounds. As a result, the Bulls had 24 second-chance points (off 13 offensive boards) and the Heat had six.   
 
 TURNING POINT:  In the second quarter, Bulls swingman  Mike Dunleavy  fought the Heat for an offensive rebound, retrieved the ball as it headed out of bounds, and threw it out to midcourt, where teammate  Marquis Teague  grabbed the ball. Teague got it back to Dunleavy in the left corner for a 3-pointer that gave the Bulls a 41-28 lead. James missed a jumper on the Heat end, then Bulls rookie  Tony Snell  took the rebound all the way down the floor against James, dribbled along the baseline and found Noah alone in the lane for a dunk and a 43-28 lead with 6:48 remaining. The Heat never got the deficit under double digits again. 
 
 INJURY UPDATE:  Rose held a press conference Thursday afternoon and said he might be back for the playoffs from his knee injury. Butler has not started practicing with the Bulls and is listed as week-to-week.   
 
 HOT:  Deng has scored at least 20 points in six straight games, the longest such streak of his career.  
 
 NOT: Shane Battier  of Miami was 2-for-6 from the field Thursday and is 9-for-24 in his last five games. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "It's been a tough couple of weeks, but it feels good to win."  
 -- Joakim Noah 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  The Bulls have developed a reputation this season for being unable to close out games, so it was good that they were able to stave off a fourth-quarter rally attempt by the Heat, who reduced the difference from 24 to 12 points through the first six minutes of the fourth quarter.    
 
 BAD MOVE:  At the end of the first quarter, the Heat had possession with 2.5 seconds remaining, and James let the inbounds pass roll out to the midcourt line without touching it with plans to pick it up and get off a last shot. But Deng made a timely lunge at the ball and it rolled off a foot and out of bounds, and the Bulls had a 29-20 lead going into the second quarter.   
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  It seemed like half the Chicago Bears starting lineup showed up -- defensive end  Julius Peppers , wide receiver  Alshon Jeffery , offensive lineman  Kyle Long , and safety  Major Wright  were among the more notable attendees.  
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Snell, starting in Butler's absence, had an impressive game, with eight points, three rebounds and some decent defense against James.  
 
 NOTABLE:  After  James Jones  played poorly in Wade's absence Tuesday against Detroit, coach Spoelstra went with  Ray Allen  as the starting guard, and Allen had nine points in 26 minutes...  Udonis Haslem , who has been dealing with two injuries this season, played his season-high 26 minutes Thursday... following their loss to New Orleans on Monday, the Bulls were two games under .500 (7-9) for the first time in the Thibodeau era.       
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Saturday vs. Detroit, Tuesday vs. Milwaukee, Wednesday @ New York. For the Heat, Saturday @ Minnesota, Sunday @ Detroit, Tuesday @ Indiana. 
