
 Timberwolves-Trail Blazers notebook   By Kerry Eggers, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday January 18, 2011 1:52AM THE FACTS: LaMarcus Aldridge  scored a career-high 37 points on 15-for-24 shooting and grabbed 12 rebounds to lead Portland past Minnesota 113-102 Monday night at the Rose Garden.  Wesley Matthews  added 23 points and  Andre Miller  15 points and 10 assists as the Blazers (22-20) improved their home record to 14-5. QUOTABLE:  "LaMarcus is playing at an All-Star level. Without him, I don't know where we'd be. He has to be one of the best fours in the league right now."   -- Portland center  Joel Przybilla  on LaMarcus Aldridge. THE STAT:  Minnesota power forward  Kevin Love , on a tear from 3-point range over the last six weeks and shooting .444 from beyond the arc this season, didn't attempt one in 39 minutes. TURNING POINT:  Portland scored the final seven points of the second quarter to go into the half with a 50-46 lead. The Blazers then scored 38 points in the third quarter -- most in any quarter all season -- to build a 15-point cushion entering the final period. QUOTABLE II:  " Nic (Batum)  came to me and said, 'Make both of these and you have a new career high.' I was like, 'Why tell me? I just missed two free throws.' I slowed down and thought, 'I can't miss these this time.'"   -- LaMarcus Aldridge, on the two free throws with 1:49 remaining that gave him his final points on a career night. HOT:  Minnesota's  Darko Milicic  sank 11 of 16 shots and finished with 22 points, eight rebounds and four blocked shots. NOT:  Batum never found a rhythm, making only one of 11 shots from the field. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT: Rudy Fernandez  had a productive performance with 13 points, five steals, three rebounds and two assists off the Blazers' bench. INSIDE THE ARENA:  The Blazers and guard  Patty Mills  are teaming up to assist in the relief effort to help flooding victims in his native Australia. The Blazers are donating half of the proceeds from sales of Mills' No. 8 jersey and T-shirt through the month of January. GOOD MOVE:  With  Marcus Camby  (knee) lost after the first quarter, Portland coach  Nate McMillan  was forced to use 6-foot-8  Dante Cunningham  to guard Minnesota's 6-foot-10, 260-pound Love for long minutes. Love got his 22 points and 17 rebounds, but Cunningham made him work for them. BAD MOVE:  With the Timberwolves still within reach in the fourth quarter, Love barreled into Portland's  Joel Przybilla  and was called for a charge. ROOKIE WATCH:  Minnesota backup center  Nikola Pekovic  was 3-for-3 from the field and contributed nine points in 10 minutes. NOTABLE:  Portland has beaten Minnesota 15 straight times and the last 11 meetings at the Rose Garden. UP NEXT:  For the Blazers, Wednesday @ Sacramento, Thursday @ L.A. Clippers, Saturday vs. Indiana. For the Timberwolves, Wednesday @ L.A. Clippers, Monday vs. Houston 
