Notebook: Nets 90, Bucks 82 
 
 
 Rick Braun, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Dec 08, 2013 1:17 AM - Updated Sun Dec 08, 2013 1:17 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  Brook Lopez's best offensive game of the season helped the Nets dominate inside to beat the Bucks. 
 
 THE LEAD:  The Brooklyn big man, Lopez, scored a season-high 32 points on 11-for-13 shooting as the Brooklyn Nets outmuscled the Milwaukee Bucks 90-82 Saturday night at the BMO Harris Bradley Center. 
 Lopez also made 10 of his 11 foul shots and added seven rebounds and four assists as the Nets (6-14) erased the memory of two blowout losses. 
 O.J. Mayo led the Bucks (4-16) with 22 points. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I got good looks from my guards. They got me easy looks, and I just tried to take my time in the post and read off what they were doing (defensively) and play off that." 
 
 --Brook Lopez 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Nets outscored the Bucks 44-30 in the paint. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Bucks held a 52-49 lead midway through the third quarter, but the Nets closed with a 16-7 run and then made it a 19-7 run with  Mirza Teletovic 's 3-pointer to open the fourth. They never led by less than six the rest of the way. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "He's a big boy. Obviously, we're a little undersized at that position with  Zaza [Pachulia]  and  Larry [Sanders]  out, but it's part of the NBA. I think it was a good learning experience for me to be out there and play against a guy like that." 
 
 -- Bucks forward  John Henson , who was forced to defend Lopez despite giving away 55 pounds 
 
 
 HOT:  Lopez was the only Nets starter to shoot 50 percent or better as he scored seemingly at will either in the post or on open 15-footers. 
 
 NOT:  A night after scoring a career-best 29 points, Bucks forward  Khris Middleton  went just 3-for-9 and had just nine points. 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Adding Lopez's four assists and two blocked shots to his 32 points and seven rebounds made him a star for fantasy owners.  
 
 GOOD MOVE:  The Nets knew they had a huge advantage inside and they never hesitated to exploit it. 
 
 BAD MOVE : Before making seven of their last eight free throws, the Bucks were just 8-for-14 from the free-throw line -- missed points that could have made a difference down the stretch. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Center  Miroslav Radulija , the least-known of the Bucks' three first-year players, had a career-best eight points in 9 ½ minutes.  
 
 NOTABLE:  The Bucks were without Pachulia (ankle) and forward  Caron Butler  (knee). ... Milwaukee's Sanders remains out following thumb surgery but is expected to have the pins removed in the next week. ... Nets coach  Jason Kidd  returned  Shawn Livingston  to point guard in the starting lineup with second- year man  Tyshawn Taylor  coming off the bench. ... Brooklyn's  Joe Johnson  had 15 points and his five assists put him over the 4,000 mark for his career with 4,003. ... The Nets have won consecutive road games for the first time this season.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Nets, Tuesday @ Boston, Thursday vs. Los Angeles Clippers, Friday @ Detroit. For the Bucks, Tuesday @ Chicago, Wednesday vs. San Antonio, Friday vs. Chicago. 
