  Notebook: Wizards 87, Bulls 84 Posted Monday April 16, 2012 11:41PM By Kent McDill, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The visiting Washington Wizards came back from an 11-point fourth quarter deficit to steal an 87-84 decision from the Chicago Bulls Monday at the United Center. The Bulls played without their two All-Star players,  Derrick Rose  and  Luol Deng , due to injury.  Kevin Seraphin  led the Wizards with 21 points, 13 rebounds and five blocked shots while  Maurice Evans  contributed 14 points off the bench. The Bulls were led by  Richard Hamilton  with 22 points.  Carlos Boozer  had 16 points and 13 rebounds in a losing effort. THE FACTS II:  The Wizards, who had a three-point halftime lead, trailed 68-57 early in the fourth quarter, then scored 13 consecutive points, getting three consecutive 3-pointers along the way. THE STAT:  The Bulls had 17 turnovers, with  Joakim Noah  getting five of them. THE STAT II:  With Evans leading them, the Wizards' bench scored 35 points. The Bulls bench, shortened because  Ronnie Brewer  and  C.J. Watson  started for the home team, scored just 17 points. QUOTABLE:  "That shows how this team is growing up."    -- Evans, on the Wizards' win QUOTABLE II:  "It doesn't really affect us that much because we have been playing short-handed all year."    -- Bulls forward  Taj Gibson  about playing without Rose and Deng. TURNING POINT:  Evans hit back-to-back threes followed by a 3-pointer by  Brian Cook  that sparked the comeback. INJURY UPDATE:  Rose was held out of the game after his ankle swelled following the game against the Detroit Pistons Sunday. Deng sat out because of bruised ribs from a stab from former teammate  Ben Gordon  Sunday. HOT:  Seraphin has scored at least 10 points in 10 consecutive games as the starting center for the Wizards. The last Wizards center to score in double digits in 10 consecutive games was  Gheorge Muresan , who accomplished double-digit scoring in 16 consecutive games during the 1995-96 season. Seraphin actually has an 11-game double-digit scoring streak but the first one occurred when he was the starting forward. NOTABLE:  The Wizards have two games remaining against the Miami Heat before the end of the season. ... By beating the New Jersey Nets Monday, the Miami Heat pulled two within 2 1/2 games of the Bulls in the race for the No. 1 seed in the East, and the two teams play on Thursday. ... Starting in place of Deng, Brewer had five steals. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, @ Charlotte Wednesday, @ Miami Thursday, vs. Dallas Saturday. For the Wizards, vs. Milwaukee Wednesday, @ Miami Saturday, vs. Charlotte Monday.  