  Spurs-Clippers notebook   By Dan Arritt, for NBA.com Posted Thursday December 2, 2010 2:03AM THE FACTS:  For the second time in 10 days, the Los Angeles Clippers brought the worst record in the NBA into a game against the team with best. And once again, they posted a dramatic upset. This time it was a 90-85 victory Wednesday night against the San Antonio Spurs at Staples Center. QUOTABLE:   "We play well against teams that have a good record . We just have to compete like that all the time." -  said Clippers guard  Eric Gordon THE STAT:  The Clippers had lost 18 straight games against the Spurs dating back to 2006. TURNING POINT:  The Clippers closed the first half with an 18-2 run, turning an eight-point deficit into an eight-point lead.  Blake Griffin  then scored seven of his 31 points in the first 89 seconds of the second half to extend the lead to 13 and San Antonio never got closer than three. QUOTE II:  "My teammates did a great job of finding me in the right places," Griffin said. "It makes it so easy on me." HOT:  Griffin continues to carry the torch for the Clippers, shooting 14-for-21 and grabbing 13 rebounds. He scored on thunderous dunks, hit fall-away bank shots and managed to create shots in the paint. NOT:  After scoring in double figures in the first 14 games, San Antonio point guard  Tony Parker  scored just two points on 1-for-6 shooting, putting him in single digits for the third time in the last four games.  George Hill  substituted for Parker with 9:32 left in third quarter and Parker never returned. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Gordon, who came in fifth in the league in scoring at 24.3 points a game, scored 21. He has scored at least 19 in every game but one this season. GOOD MOVE:  Clippers point guard  Baron Davis  returned to the lineup after missing 14 of the last 15 games with knee and conditioning issues and he looked like his former self, dishing out 10 assists and hitting two key free throws with 1:08 remaining to give the Clippers a nine-point lead BAD MOVE:  San Antonio coach  Gregg Popovich  played reserve forward  Matt Bonner  nearly 30 minutes, even though it was clear he didn't have his shooting touch. Bonner missed all six 3-point attempts and finished with two points. ROOKIE WATCH:  The Clippers had three rookies in the starting lineup for the eighth time this season improved their record to 3-5 when Griffin,  Eric Bledsoe  and  Al-Farouq Aminu  are in the starting five. NOTABLE:  The Spurs came into the game 8-0 on the road this season, their best road start in franchise history.  Tim Duncan  had five rebounds, all on the offensive glass. The Clippers committed 19 turnovers, compared to eight for the Spurs. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Friday @ Denver, Sunday @ Portland, Monday vs. Sacramento. For the Spurs, Friday vs. Minnesota, Sunday vs. New Orleans, Wednesday vs. Golden State.  