  Pistons-Heat notebook   By Shandel Richardson, for NBA.com Posted Friday January 28, 2011 11:11PM THE FACTS:  The Miami Heat edged Detroit, 88-87, after after Heat forward  James Jones  appeared to block an alley-oop dunk attempt by Detroit's  Austin Daye  in the closing seconds. But no blocked shot was awarded. That means Daye just blew the dunk, even though it appeared Jones fouled Daye with his body. Miami's  Eddie House  hit two free throws to put Miami up before Jones' heroics. Forward  LeBron James  (39 points, nine assists, eight rebounds) played a strong game as guard  Dwyane Wade  (sprained right wrist) and forward  Chris Bosh  (sprained left ankle) missed the game for the Heat and guards  Rodney Stuckey  (shoulder) and  Richard Hamilton  (flu) and center  Ben Wallace  (personal reasons) all missed the game. QUOTABLE:  "I was encouraged by what I heard from (Thursday's) workout. (On Friday) he went full speed to try to test it."   -- Heat coach  Erik Spoelstra  on Chris Bosh and his sprained left ankle. THE STAT:  The teams were a combined 4-for-26 on 3-pointers in the first half (Miami was 1-for-14; Detroit was 3-for-12) and it didn't improve much in the second half. They went 9-for-22 to finish a combined 13-for-48 (.271). TURNING POINT:  Heat guard House tied the game at 80 on a three-pointer with 4:20 left. That gave Miami faith. The Heat couldn't gain any traction get anything going until that point. HOT:  Detroit guard  Tracy McGrady  went 6-for-9 in the second half, which was a bit remarkable considering he was 0-for-8 in the first half. NOT:  Detroit forward  Charlie Villanueva  was 2-for-10 from the field and is now 10-for-32 from the field in his last four games. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  James almost had the triple double with 39 points, eight rebounds and nine assists. He also added one steal and two blocks to truly stuff the boxscore. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Hall of Fame guard  Isiah Thomas  was at the AAA. Thomas is head coach at Florida International University, which is located in Miami.  Warren Sapp , the former Tampa Bay Buccaneers defensive lineman and former University of Miami standout, was also in the house. GOOD MOVE:  Detroit opted to use size to its advantage, at one point putting 6-8 McGrady in the backcourt with 6-9  Tayshaun Prince  and flanking them with center  Greg Monroe  and forwards  Austin Daye  and  Chris Wilcox . Miami countered with a short backcourt of 6-2  Mario Chalmers  and 6-1 House. BAD MOVE:  Spoelstra put guard  Carlos Arroyo  in the game for three minutes. It's not a typical bad move but the Heat needs to get down to an eight- or nine-man rotation and forget about hurt feelings. Chalmers is the new starter. Give him the minutes and hope Arroyo is man enough to get over the change. ROOKIE WATCH:  Monroe started at center with  Ben Wallace  gone for personal reasons. Monroe ended with nine points and eight rebounds on 4-for-6 shooting from the field in 20 minutes. NOTABLE:  Miami was 17-for-22 on free throws while Detroit was 9-for-11. Miami had twice the attempts and picked up eight critical points on the line...Detroit's 17 offensive rebounds tied a season best (Nov. 3 vs. Atlanta)...Detroit forward Chris Wilcox had eight offensive rebounds. UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Sunday @ Oklahoma City, Monday vs. Cleveland, Thursday @ Orlando, Friday @ Charlotte, Sunday vs. L.A. Clippers. For the Pistons, Sunday @ New York, Wednesday vs. Charlotte, Friday vs. New Jersey, Saturday at Milwaukee, Feb. 8 @ San Antonio.  