  Hornets-Lakers notebook   By Bryan Chu, for NBA.com Posted Monday March 28, 2011 1:16AM THE FACTS:  The Lakers gained another game on the league-leading Spurs after dispatching the Hornets 102-84 Sunday at Staples Center. Los Angeles (53-20) trails San Antonio (57-16) with nine games remaining, including a head-to-head bout on April 12 at Staples Center. With the season sweep of the Hornets 4-0, the Lakers have now won 15 of their last 16.  Kobe Bryant  led the way with a game-high 30 points. Bryant is now averaging 36.3 points in his last three contests.  Pau Gasol  notched his 40th double-double with 23 points and a game-high 16 rebounds. New Orleans (42-32) struggled from the start of the game, trailing 30-19 at the end of the first quarter and never seemed to rebound from its early deficit. In his second game for  David West , who is out for the season with a torn left knee ligament,  Carl Landry  logged a season-high 24 points and pulled down 10 rebounds.  Emeka Okafor  tallied 14 points and 11 rebounds. QUOTABLE:  "I'm sure it will be intense and we're looking forward to it."   -- Bryant on whether facing Dallas, which is in the third spot of the Western Conference, Thursday at Staples Center will have playoff-like intensity. THE STAT:  39-30 -- All six of New Orleans wing players combined to barely outscore Bryant, who had 30 on his own. TURNING POINT:  Lakers center  Andrew Bynum  battled foul trouble all game. He picked up his fifth foul at the 11:29 mark of the fourth quarter and Lakers coach  Phil Jackson  left him in the game. A few minutes later, the Hornets trimmed the Lakers' lead to 78-72. Bynum, who had 13 points in 21 minutes, then scored seven of the team's next nine points as the Lakers got it back up to 87-74 with 5:07 to play. QUOTABLE II:  "Andrew has come back to play aggressively. He has thrown out any concern he has on health issues."   -- Jackson on Bynum's play since coming back from surgery. HOT:  After a 9-for-14 performance against the Hornets, Gasol is now shooting 65.5 percent from the field in his last two games. He is contributing from all facets, especially defensively. Against the Hornets, Gasol blocked four shots. New Orleans recorded four blocks as a team. NOT:  The Hornets wingmen.  Marco Belinelli ,  Willie Green  and  Trevor Ariza  combined for 19 points on 9-for-33 from the field. Belinelli had the roughest outing of the three. He went 4-for-16 from the field for nine points. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  All-Star point guard  Chris Paul  had a rough night. He had a non-impactful 10 points and nine assists in 36 minutes of action. This is the second night Paul has not recorded back-to-back, double-digit assist games. That has only happened eight other times this season. QUOTABLE III:  "We've just got to get in. I don't care. When it gets to the playoffs anything can happen; it's a whole new ball game...I don't think many teams want to play us."   -- Paul on the playoffs. NOTABLE:  The Lakers were 48.2 percent from the field to the Hornets 40.2 percent. ... Both teams finished 3-for-17 from 3-point range. ... Lakers guard  Shannon Brown  may just have had one of the top-10 dunks this season. In the second quarter, Brown was on a breakaway and launched off. At the apex of his jump, Brown decided to switch from his right hand to his left as a Hornet tried to chase him down. He threw it with a vicious slam. "You know it was instinctual," he said. "Something told me to switch hands." UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Thursday vs. Hornets, Friday @ Utah, Sunday vs. Denver. For the Hornets, Wednesday vs. Portland, Friday vs. Memphis, Sunday vs. Indiana.  