  Notebook: Jazz 91, Spurs 84 Posted Tuesday April 10, 2012 12:42AM By Andrew Aragon, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Losing to the San Antonio Spurs without  Tim Duncan, Manu Ginobili  and  Tony Parker  would have been disastrous and likely put the Utah Jazz's playoff hopes on life support. The Jazz barely avoided that fate, pulling away with a 91-84 victory over shorthanded San Antonio on Monday night. Utah, which trailed by as many as eight points in the fourth quarter, fortunately had  Devin Harris  and  Paul Millsap  play the role of closers in the victory. Harris scored 12 of his game-high 25 points, and Millsap scored nine of his 18 points in the fourth quarter. Utah snapped San Antonio's 11-game winning streak in the second game in back-to-back nights between the two teams. Before the game, San Antonio coach  Gregg Popovich  said he decided to rest Duncan, Parker and Ginobili for Monday's game "pretty much when the schedule came out." The Spurs played their second of five games in seven nights. QUOTABLE:  "Fourth quarter was important for us. We got down a little bit, but we didn't lose our poise. We had to fight back. Defensively, I thought we picked it up a little bit. We got in transition offensively and made some things happen."   -- Jazz guard Harris on his team's play in the fourth quarter. THE STAT:  What a difference one night -- and San Antonio's big three -- makes. On Sunday, the Spurs shot 43 free throws compared to 26 for the Jazz. Utah had a 33-10 edge in free throws attempted on Monday with a 25-7 advantage in makes. TURNING POINT:  Harris' play was subpar in the first three quarters of the game, but he finished spectacularly. He helped the Jazz dig back from being down eight in the fourth quarter, and scored on a layup in transition to tie it at 75-75. He hit a 3-pointer, answering one by  Gary Neal , to tie it at 78-78. A 3-pointer and three free throws by Harris put the Jazz up 84-80 with 2:23 left in the game. Then it was Millsap's turn, as he hit a jumper and scored on a put-back dunk to put the game out of reach. HOT: DeJuan Blair  only played 21 minutes, but he helped keep the Spurs in it with 13 points and eight rebounds on 6-for-9 shooting. Harris and Millsap combined to shoot 5-for-6 while accounting for 21 of Utah's 26 points in the fourth. The rest of the team shot 2-for-12 in the final period. NOT:  It wasn't a good shooting night for the Spurs, and especially in the fourth quarter when they were 6-for-23. None of San Antonio's starters scored in the fourth quarter. For the game,  Stephen Jackson  was an abysmal 2-for-13.  Jamaal Tinsley  was only 2-for-8 for the Jazz.  DeMarre Carroll  started in place of the injured  C.J. Miles  and went scoreless in 11 minutes. It was the second start of Carroll's career, and first in three years. GOOD MOVE:  The Spurs weren't going to let  Al Jefferson  be the one to beat them, and they played remarkable defense on him, denying him touches and shots. He had just 12 points on 12 shots. QUOTABLE II:  "Who knows. It would have been a tough loss, especially with the race that we're in to get one of these playoff spots. But you know what, these guys ... I had a feeling they were going to lay whatever they had out there. They were tired. They laid whatever they had out there in the fourth quarter and did what they had to do to win the ballgame."   -- Jazz coach  Tyrone Corbin  on how deflating it would have been to lose to the Spurs without their big three. INSIDE THE ARENA:  The Jazz crowd seemed disappointed early on that Duncan, Ginobili and Parker didn't make the trip. A non-descript first half also kept them sitting on their hands. The only time they really made noise before halftime was when Hall of Famer  John Stockton  was shown on the big screen and introduced to the crowd. They gave him a standing ovation. Former Jazzman  Greg Ostertag  was also shown to the crowd. He did not get a standing ovation, but fans did give him a warm welcome. QUOTABLE III:  "The big difference in the game, like with a lot of NBA games down the stretch is you have got to make shots, and Devin came down and knocked down two in transition in a row. And on the other end we couldn't throw it in the ocean."   -- Spurs coach Popovich on the difference in the fourth quarter. NOTABLE:  It was the second time this season San Antonio had a chance to stretch a winning streak to 12 games. And just like the last time, Popovich sat his best players. The last time he did it, San Antonio lost to Portland, 137-97 on Feb. 21. The Jazz were without Miles and backup point guard  Earl Watson . Miles has a left calf strain and will be reevaluated in a week. Watson has a torn medial meniscus and is out indefinitely. San Antonio reserves Neal and  Tiago Splitter  each had 14 points to tie for the team high. UP NEXT:  For the Spurs, Wednesday vs. L.A. Lakers, Thursday vs. Memphis, Saturday vs. Phoenix. For the Jazz, Wednesday @ Houston, Friday @ New Orleans, Saturday @ Memphis.  