  Notebook: Nuggets 99, Bobcats 88 Posted Friday March 30, 2012 10:33PM Derek S. Smith, for NBA.com THE FACTS: Arron Afflalo  scored a team-best 19 points and grabbed a team-high 11 rebounds as the Denver Nuggets picked up a 99-88 win over the Charlotte Bobcats at Time Warner Cable Arena Friday night. Afflalo was one of six Nuggets in double figures while  Gerald Henderson  scored a game-high 21 points to lead the Bobcats, who dropped their sixth straight. QUOTABLE:  "We're such a fast break team that when the guards get in there and rebound it gets us really going on offense. We did a great job on the boards and that really showed on offense."   -- Afflalo THE STAT:  Three-point shooting. Charlotte got out of the gate early from behind the three-point line and connected on five of their first seven attempts and was then just one for their last fifteen. The Nuggets were equally poor from behind arc as well. Denver was just two-for-17. TURNING POINT:  Losing composure. The Bobcats were in the midst of a comeback midway through the third quarter having cut the lead to three at 62-59 when  Corey Maggette  was hit with a technical foul. The Nuggets reeled off an 8-0 run to take an 11-point lead. QUOTABLE II:  "There were too many turnovers and a lot of missed threes, but we got out there and did it defensively. It wasn't pretty, but it sure was special to get the win."  - - Denver coach  George Karl HOT:  Afflalo was 7-for-12 from the floor with a team-best 19 points and grabbed 11 boards. Afflalo was one of three Nuggets to notch double-double on the night. Afflalo set a season-high with his rebounding effort and is averaging 18.7 points in his last five games. NOT:  Charlotte's  Tyrus Thomas  played just eight minutes and picked up four fouls with no points and three rebounds. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Friday was the last of five NBA Hardwood Classic ABA nights at Time Warner Cable Arena. The Bobcats went 0-5 as the Carolina Cougars.  David Thompson , who starred in the NBA for the Denver Nuggets and played collegiately at N.C. State, was in attendance. It was also Military Appreciation Night. ROOKIE WATCH: Kenneth Faried  grabbed eight rebounds and scored 12 points for the Nuggets while  Kemba Walker  scored 11 points and dished four assists for the Bobcats. Walker scored in double figures for the fifth time in six games and is averaging 12.3 points during that stretch. NOTABLE:  Maggette strained his right Achilles tendon in the fourth quarter and is expected to miss the team's upcoming four-game road swing. He was taken to nearby Presbyterian Hospital for an MRI on the injured Achilles ... the Bobcats reserves have scored at least 38 points in five of the last six games after netting 42 in the loss ... Henderson has scored in double figures in nine of the last 10 games and is averaging 16.8 during that stretch ...  JaVale McGee  has had at least two blocks in each of his six games with the Nuggets ... The Nuggets had 29 assists on 38 made field goals Friday night and continue to lead the league in assists and are 16-6 when dishing out 25 or more assists ... The Nuggets are also tops in the league in points in the paint at 52.0 per game and were credited with 58 in the paint against Charlotte ... Denver shots 52.1 percent on the night and improved to 12-2 when shooting 50 percent or better from the floor ... Nuggets forward  Corey Brewer  scored in double figures for the 19th time this season while  Al Harrington  notched his ninth double-double of the season. UP NEXT:  For the Nuggets, Sunday @ Orlando, Wednesday @ New Orleans, Friday vs. Phoenix. For the Bobcats, Saturday @ Detroit, Tuesday @ Toronto, Wednesday @ Atlanta.  