  Notebook: Hornets 101, Sixers 93   By Larry Holder, for NBA.com Posted Thursday January 5, 2012 12:19AM THE FACTS: Jrue Holiday  turned it on in the fourth quarter scoring 14 of his game-high 23 points as the Philadelphia 76ers defeated the New Orleans Hornets 101-93 on Wednesday night in the New Orleans Arena. The Sixers have won two in a row, while the Hornets have lost four consecutive games. QUOTABLE:  "I told our guys when we look back at a game like this, average teams lose (this game) and teams who want to be good, they find a way to win this game. I was real proud of our guys. We got off to a very sluggish start again, and we dug ourselves out of it. A terrific win."   -- Sixers coach  Doug Collins  on being able to come back from 14 points down to win THE STAT:  Collins mentioned the Sixers' penchant for slow starts as Philadelphia only scored 16 points in the first quarter. But the Sixers (3-2), led by Holiday, came out on fire in the fourth quarter more than doubling their first-quarter output with 34 points in the fourth quarter. TURNING POINT:  The Hornets (2-4) led for most of the game, but the Sixers really flipped a switch about midway through the fourth quarter. Philadelphia went on a 9-0 starting at the 5:43 mark as it went from trailing 83-80 to an 89-83 lead on a Holiday 3-pointer with 4:18 remaining. QUOTABLE II:  "I pointed to  Pistol Pete (Maravich 's jersey number hanging from the New Orleans Arena's rafters) and told him, 'You're in front of my guy tonight. So play your ass off.' And he did."   -- Collins on  Evan Turner  scoring 21 points off the bench HOT:  Turner and Sixers center  Spencer Hawes  were a handful for the Hornets inside and out. Both players went 8-for-12 from the floor as Turner picked up 21 points, while Hawes added 17 points as he's been quite a pickup for the Sixers. NOT:  Sixers forward  Andre Iguodala  was nowhere to be found most of the game as he was 2-for-10 from the field for only six points. But he did put his stamp on the win with his one-handed dunk with 1:30 left on a putback to seal it up for the Sixers. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Hornets guard  Jarrett Jack  piled up  Chris Paul -type numbers as he had 19 points, 11 assists and five rebounds. He's already played a couple of games like this early in the season to bring up his fantasy stock. BAD MOVE:  Hornets coach  Monty Williams  didn't have much choice to put guard  Marco Belinelli  on Turner with forward  Trevor Ariza  not available against the Sixers after sustaining a strained groin during Monday night's loss in Utah. But Belinelli failed pretty badly to defend Turner and yet Williams continued to put Belinelli on Turner. NOTABLE:  Hornets guard  Eric Gordon  started his first game after missing the last four games with a bruised knee. Gordon certainly added a scoring spark for the Hornets with a team-high 22 points. ... Both the Hornets and Sixers were involved in a trade Wednesday as the Hornets acquired guard  Xavier Henry  from Memphis, the Grizzlies picked up Sixers center  Marreese Speights  and the Sixers added two future draft picks. Hornets coach Monty Williams said he sees Henry as more of a small forward rather than a shooting guard. Henry said he should be back on the court in two weeks as he's nursing an ankle injury. Sixers coach Collins said he has to make sure the team dynamic doesn't change too much considering Philadelphia is losing a tall body in the middle. ... Forward  Carl Landry  added 21 points for the Hornets in the loss. UP NEXT:  For the Sixers, Friday vs. Detroit, Saturday vs. Toronto, Monday vs. Indiana. For the Hornets, Friday vs. Denver, Saturday @ Dallas, Sunday @ Denver.  