  Notebook: Kings 119, Grizzlies 110 Posted Wednesday March 21, 2012 1:39AM By James Ham, for NBA.com    THE FACTS:  The Sacramento Kings continued their hot stretch at home against quality opponents, beating the Memphis Grizzlies soundly, by the score of 119-110. Marcus Thornton  led all scorers with 31 points, but was hobbled late when he rolled his left ankle.  DeMarcus Cousins  fouled out midway through the fourth, but not before he scored 23 points and grabbed five rebounds.  Jason Thompson  put up his fourth straight double-double, finishing with 14 points and 13 rebounds for the Kings, who have now won three games in a row. Rudy Gay  kept the Grizzlies in the game, scoring 23 points on 8-for-15 shooting.  Marc Gasol 's stat line was impressive -- 15 points, 10 rebounds and eight assists, but he struggled mightily with the quicker Cousins all night. QUOTABLE:  "Huge thing happened at shoot-around today. The rule I have is (if) a guy has an injury; he doesn't lose his position to an injury. He comes right back into the lineup and start(s). As we (were) putting our matchups together for tonight's games,  Tyreke Evans  came up and said, "Coach, keep Johnny  (John Salmons)  in the lineup.' "   -- Sacramento coach  Keith Smart  on the decision to have Evans come off the bench instead of starting THE STAT:  The Kings moved the ball extremely well again tonight, finishing with 28 assisted baskets.  Isaiah Thomas  led the way with seven, but every Kings starter finished with two or more assists. TURNING POINT:  At the 8:14 mark of the fourth quarter, with the Kings leading 100-94,  Jeremy Pargo  fouled rookie Thomas hard on the break. The Kings responded, going on a 6-0 run to take a 106-94 lead, effectively putting the game away. QUOTABLE II:  "I look forward to it a lot. I feel like it's a great opportunity. It's a great situation, especially with this style of play. These guys just play basketball. It's not really a whole bunch of confusion. As you see, they just play basketball and it's working right now."    --  Terrence Williams  on the Sacramento Kings from his courtside seat. Williams is expected to sign a contract later tonight to join the Kings HOT:  Thornton got hot early, scoring 16 points in the first quarter on 7-for-9 shooting. He continued to scorch the Grizzlies, finishing with a game-high 31 points. NOT: O.J. Mayo  went 3-for-11 from the floor and got lit up by the hot-shooting Thornton. This was not a good night for the USC product. GOOD MOVE:  Coming off of two big wins without his services, Evans told Smart to continue to start veteran Salmons against the Grizzlies. NOTABLE:  The Kings weren't the only team to add a player today. The Grizzlies added three time All-Star  Gilbert Arenas  for the rest of the season. According to coach  Lionel Hollins , Arenas will join the team in Portland before Thursday night's game. UP NEXT:  For the Grizzlies, Thursday @ Portland, Saturday @ L.A. Clippers, Sunday vs. L.A. Lakers. For the Kings, Thursday vs. Utah, Saturday @ Golden State, Monday @ Houston  