  Notebook: Bucks 100, Lakers 89   By Rick Braun, for NBA.com Posted Saturday January 28, 2012 11:01PM THE FACTS:   Drew Gooden  scored 23 points and added eight rebounds, and  Mike Dunleavy Jr . and  Ersan Ilyasova  had 15 each to lead a big bench effort as the Milwaukee Bucks beat the Los Angeles Lakers, 100-89, Saturday night at the Bradley Center. The Bucks snapped a three-game home losing streak and improved to 8-11. The Lakers lost for the seventh time in eight road games and fell to 11-9 despite 27 points from  Kobe Bryant  and 15 rebounds from forward  Pau Gasol. Bench players scored the last 14 points in a 17-0 run for Milwaukee that bridged the last 1:46 of the first quarter and the first 1:56 of the second quarter. The Bucks were without center  Andrew Bogut , who is out 8-12 weeks with a fractured left ankle suffered Wednesday in Houston, and swingman  Stephen Jackson , who was suspended for the game for verbal abuse of referee  Tony Brothers  at the end of Friday's 107-100 loss in Chicago. QUOTABLE:  "They came in with a ton of energy tonight and really picked up the building."   -- Bucks coach  Scott Skiles  on his bench, which turned the game around late in the first and early in the second quarters. THE STAT:  The Bucks' bench outscored the Lakers, 37-24, but scoring wasn't all the reserves did. Backup point guard  Beno Udrih  had seven assists and second-year forward Larry Sanders contributed on the defensive end with three of the Bucks' six blocked shots. TURNING POINT:  The Bucks trailed, 23-17, after Josh McRoberts' dunk with 2:06 left in the first quarter. From there, Gooden drained a 3-pointer, and reserves Beno Udri and Ersan Ilyasova scored the final seven points of the quarter for Milwaukee. Jon Leuer and Mike Dunleavy scored the first seven points of the second quarter for the Bucks, making it a 17-0 run and a 34-23 lead, and the Lakers never got closer than four the rest of the way. QUOTABLE II:  "I've been working on that day-in and day-out, and the best thing I like about it is Coach is giving me the confidence to shoot it. Shooting percentages increase when you know you have the coach behind you and know that if you miss it you won't come out of the game. So I have to thank my coach and my teammates for having the faith in me shooting that three, and it is helping our offense. It's helping us spread the floor, and it's helping us drive and penetrate and get it to the open man."   -- Gooden, who has made a 3-pointer in four straight games after making just seven in the previous six seasons. HOT:  Ilyasova (7 for 9) and Dunleavy combined to make 13 of 17 shots, as the Bucks finished at 50 percent (40 of 80) after missing their first five shots of the night. NOT:  Gasol made just 6 of 18 shots to finish with 12 points. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Green Bay Packers players  Bryan Bulaga  and  John Kuhn  and Houston Texans defensive lineman  J.J. Watt , a Milwaukee-area native and former star at the University of Wisconsin, were among the court-side seat patrons. GOOD MOVE:  Bucks coach  Scott Skiles  opened the game with  Carlos Delfino  covering Bryant and also gave shifts to guard  Shaun Livingston  and defensive specialist  Luc Richard Mbah a Moute . Bryant still finished with 27 points, nine assists and eight rebounds, but he shot 10 for 21 had to earn everything he got. ROOKIE WATCH:  Lakers backup point guard  Andrew Goudelock  made 5 of 10 shots, including 3 of 5 on 3-pointers, to finish with 13 points. NOTABLE:  Gooden made a 3-pointer in the first quarter, giving him one in each of the last four games. He'd made seven in the previous six seasons. ... Goudelock, who spent Friday night in a Milwaukee hospital with dehydration, was cleared to play. Lakers coach Mike Brown said there were no restrictions for minutes on the backup point guard. ... The crowd of 18,207 was just short of a sellout but was the Bucks' season high. ... The Bucks had a second-low of nine turnovers. UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Sunday @ Minnesota, Tuesday vs. Charlotte, Friday @ Denver . For the Bucks, Monday vs. Detroit, Wednesday vs. Miami, Friday @ Detroit.  