  Notebook: Hawks 111, Bobcats 81   By Matt Winkeljohn, for NBA.com Posted Thursday January 12, 2012 10:58PM THE FACTS:  Count  Josh Smith  and  Joe Johnson  among those willing and eager to pick up  Al Horford . They stepped into the void left by Atlanta's injured center Thursday and scored season highs of 30 and 23 points, respectively, in a 111-81 win Thursday over the visiting Bobcats. The Hawks learned earlier in the day that Horford will be out at least three months with a torn left pectoral (chest) muscle, and whether Atlanta adds a big man to the roster or not, the Hawks are going to need more production from Smith and Johnson. Coach  Larry Drew's  team got that in a few ways, as Smith added a game-high 13 rebounds and Johnson had eight assists and seven rebounds. Atlanta also had a season-low nine turnovers. Charlotte never led, and the Bobcats fell steadily further behind after trailing 57-47 at halftime.  Byron Mullens  scored a career-high 21 points in his first start, but the Charlotte center had little help other than guard  Gerald Henderson . He scored 16 points, yet the Bobcats lost their fifth straight as no Charlotte player other than Mullens or Henderson scored in double digits. QUOTABLE:  "That was a gutsy performance by the entire team. Today has been somewhat of a slumber day . . . with our walk-through prior to the game, you could kind of see it in the guys' body language. I told them this is going to be a time for us to come together. Our season is not over. We have to step up to the challenge thrown before us, and I thought our guys tonight played with an enormous amount of energy."  --  Drew. THE STAT:  55-30: There was no single magic bullet that explained the Bobcats' demise, but that rebounding disadvantage sure didn't help. Atlanta grabbed a whopping 20 offensive rebounds. Charlotte had four. Every Hawks starter had at least six rebounds. TURNING POINT:  The Bobcats drew within 38-37 on  Corey Higgins'  layup with 5:25 left in the first half, but the Hawks closed the second quarter with a 19-10 run and out-rebounded Charlotte 6-1 in that span -- symptomatic of the game. QUOTABLE II:  "They just beat us down tonight. They got almost as many offensive rebounds (20) as we had total rebounds (30). That's difficult to accept. I was pleased with some of our bench play (out-scoring Atlanta 27-25) . . . but the first unit just didn't come with us (out-scored 86-54 and out-rebounded 44-15)."  --  Charlotte coach  Paul Silas . HOT:  Smith scored 16 points in the first half while grabbing eight rebounds and sending out three assists. He was especially active, perhaps sensing that for the Hawks to get by without Horford he's going to have to offer more offense in and near the post. He made half of his 14 shots over the first two quarters, and added a couple free throws. He missed his first four shots of the third quarter, but then found his stride again to score eight points over the remainder of the period. . . . Atlanta reserve guard  Willie Green  has scored 11 and 10 points off the bench in the last two games. NOT:  Charlotte starting forward  Boris Diaw  had six rebounds and four assists, but he missed all three of his shots. He's made just 2-of-17 in the past two games. . . .  Tyrus Thomas  was back in the starting lineup after missing Charlotte's game Tuesday against Houston when the left ankle that has bothered him since the preseason was a problem. He made 3-of-6 shots and blocked three shots Thursday, but did not grab a single rebound in 25:55. . . . After making 2-of-9 shots, Bobcats rookie  Kemba Walker  has made just 11-of-41 (26.8 percent) over the past four games. GOOD MOVE:  Even without Horford, Drew did not play 7-foot backup center  Jason Collins  until there was 2:58 left in the game and Atlanta led 104-80. Instead,  Zaza Pachulia  (10 points, 10 rebounds, four assists) started, and rookie power forward  Ivan Johnson  played 20:50 minutes, many of them at the center spot (although he was usually matched up against a Charlotte forward asked by Silas to play the five spot). Johnson had 12 points and seven rebounds, was active on defense before fouling out. In fhe fourth quarter, Drew had Pachulia, Smith and Johnson on the floor for several consecutive minutes. . . . Silas' decision to start Mullens at center, where  DeSagana Diop  has struggled tremendously and forwards Diaw and  D.J. White  do not appear comfortable, worked -- at least offensively. Mullens does not have much of a post-up game, and Silas probably would like to seem him rebound more aggressively (he had just four), but his shooting range and activity level were welcomed by a coach who before the game lamented the fact his wings and big men have not been hustling down the court with any regularity. His previous career high came last week, when he scored 17 in an overtime loss to Atlanta in Charlotte. QUOTABLE III:  "I heard [the news about Horford] on the way to the game, and I was real devastated. That doesn't change anything. Guys came in and played terrific. Ivan's been giving us a hell of a performance this far. [Losing Al]...That's a big void; two-time All-Star, third team All-NBA last year . . . Everybody's going to have to play 150 percent." --  Josh Smith. BAD MOVE:  Mullens' defense was an issue as he's too active there at times, and gives up position in the post. To wit, witness his plus-minus ratio of -26. He had no blocked shots or steals. ROOKIE WATCH:  Charlotte rookie guards Higgins and Walker each showed glimpses, but just. The cat-quick Higgins scored six points on 3-for-6 shooting, and weaved his way through traffic and to the basket a few times. Walker made just . . . Atlanta's Ivan Johnson, who played in Korea, China, South Korea and the D-League before making it to the NBA, is occasionally the victim of his own energy as he commits some rugged fouls, and sometimes over-plays defense to where he's out of position, but his energy is an overall plus. . . . Hawks point guard  Donald Sloan , who did not play in Atlanta's first 10 games, played for the second night in a row. He had a couple assists and a steal in 3:25. NOTABLE:  Before  Tracy McGrady  missed his second straight game with back spasms, Drew said he hoped to have his leading bench scorer back for Saturday's game against the Timberwolves. Drew said McGrady was likely to visit a specialist Friday. . . . Drew said he had not yet spoken with Hawks general manager  Rick Sund  about options to add another center to the roster.  Joel Pryzbilla  is one of the top free agent big men. . . . Hawks starting small forward  Marvin Williams  missed his third straight game with a seriously sprained ankle, and Drew did not seem optimistic that he would be available Saturday. . . . The Hawks had twice before this season scored 109 points. They hit a new season-high when  Jerry Stackhouse  dunked on a fastbreak with 37 seconds left in the game for their final score. UP NEXT:  For the Bobcats, Friday vs. Pistons, Saturday vs. Warriors, Monday vs. Cavs. For the Hawks, Saturday vs. Timberwolves, Monday vs. Raptors, Wednesday vs. Blazers.  