  Notebook: Lakers 98, Spurs 84 Posted Thursday April 12, 2012 12:06AM By Tim Price, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  It looks like the Lakers know how to win against a quality opponent even if  Kobe Bryant  isn't able to play. They get streaky with their shooting and they let  Andrew Bynum  grab the ones that don't go in. With Bryant in street clothes, Bynum had 30 rebounds for the first time in his career and Los Angeles defeated the San Antonio Spurs 98-84 in a game that wasn't even that close on Wednesday at AT&T Center. Los Angeles (37-22) led by as many as 26 in the fourth quarter. The Lakers got 26 points from  Metta World Peace  off his 5-for-8 3-point shooting.  Pau Gasol  added 21 points and 11 rebounds and Bynum had 16. The Spurs (40-16) have lost consecutive games for the first time since late January. They've gone 28-7 since then.  Danny Green  hit 5-for-6 3s to lead the Spurs with 22 points and  Tim Duncan  added 14. But  Tony Parker  had four points and  Manu Ginobili  scored nine. Without Bryant this week, the Lakers lost to Phoenix by 20 and beat New Orleans, but the Hornets continue to struggle as the worst team in the West, and they only lost by two to the Lakers. QUOTABLE:  "We played at our tempo. We don't want to play at a fast pace, because then you put Drew [Bynum] in a situation where he's running suicides. That's not his strong point. I told him he still played bad. That was amazing tonight."    -- Metta World Peace THE STAT:  Bynum had eight offensive rebounds, and the Spurs got one -- and that was from Parker. As a team San Antonio only had three more total rebounds than Bynum. This translated into the Lakers having a 16-3 advantage in second-chance opportunities. TURNING POINT:  San Antonio only trailed by five at halftime, and it still was a single-digit ballgame when Green hit a pair of free throws with 7:13 to go in the third quarter. That's when World Peace got ridiculously hot. During a 13-2 run he scored nine of those points, including a 4-of-4 showing from the floor. The Lakers led 71-51 with just less than four minutes to go in the quarter. QUOTABLE II:  "They beat us to death. There's nothing else you can say about it. They rebounded well and were physical. It was a really poor performance execution wise and competitiveness wise."    -- Spurs coach  Gregg Popovich HOT:  Metta World Peace finished the game 10-for-15 from the floor, and he was 5-for-6 when the Lakers outscored San Antonio 27-16 in the third quarter. It got so silly at one point that on one possession when the shot clock was winding down the ball was kicked back out to him at the 3-point line where -- flat-footed -- he knocked that one down too. Over the last three games he's 8-for-13 from the 3-point line and had an 8-for-10 showing from the floor two games back against Phoenix. NOT:  Parker started 0-for-5 from the floor, went on later to be 1-for-9 and finished 2-for-12. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Bynum's career high in rebounds was 23, which he set last year. He's got three-straight double-doubles and had an 18-rebound night two games back against Phoenix. Over his last three games he's averaging 19 points and 19.7 rebounds. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Lakers coach  Mike Brown , the former assistant coach at San Antonio, had his parents and sisters at the game. GOOD MOVE:  In perhaps their only fortunate move of the game, the Spurs removed Parker and Duncan from the game for the entire fourth quarter and Ginobili played three minutes of the final quarter. The Spurs play again Thursday at home against Memphis. ROOKIE WATCH:   Kawhi Leonard  played 18 ½ minutes and had two points with two fouls, five rebounds but three missed shots. NOTABLE:  These teams play twice more (Tuesday at Los Angeles and April 20 in San Antonio) over the next nine days. ... Ginobili became the fifth Spurs player to score 10,000 career points (Duncan,  David Robinson ,  George Gervin  and Parker are the others). ...  Matt Bonner  went 3-for-4 from the 3-point line and passed  Michael Finley  for fourth place on the Spurs career list with 492 threes while playing is San Antonio. UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Friday vs. Denver, Sunday vs. Dallas, Tuesday vs. San Antonio. For the Spurs, Thursday vs. Memphis, Saturday vs. Phoenix, Monday @ Golden State.  