Notebook: Bulls 98, Cavaliers 87 
 
 
 Brian Dulik, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Jan 22, 2014 11:41 PM - Updated Thu Jan 23, 2014 12:02 AM 
 
 THE FACT:   Luol Deng  only made two baskets in his first game against Chicago as the short-handed Bulls beat the Cavaliers. 
 
 THE LEAD:  Point guard  D.J. Augustin  scored a season-high tying 27 points and power forward  Taj Gibson  matched his career best with 26 points as the Chicago Bulls beat the Cleveland Cavaliers 98-87. Small forward  Mike Dunleavy Jr.  added 22 points and center  Joakim Noah  collected nine points and a game-high 18 rebounds for the Bulls, who have won 14 of their last 16 contests against the Cavaliers. All-Star point guard  Kyrie Irving  led Cleveland with 26 points, while center  Anderson Varejao  had 10 points, 11 rebounds and five assists. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We knew all of the things that Luol wanted to do, so we forced him to his weak points tonight. It's like we said before the game, we love him, but we're going to knock him on his butt if he tries and score." 
 -- Bulls power forward  Taj Gibson 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Bulls are 7-2 since dealing Deng to the Cavaliers in exchange for exiled center  Andrew Bynum  on Jan. 7, while Cleveland is 4-4 since acquiring the Sudanese small forward. Deng finished with 11 points in 40 minutes, but shot just 2-for-11 from the field. "It was strange, but it was the Cavs versus the Bulls -- not so much about me," said Deng, who spent his first 9 1/2 NBA seasons with Chicago. "I'm not happy with my performance, but that's a good defensive team." 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Cavaliers held a 44-43 halftime lead, but the Bulls opened the third quarter on a 20-8 run to seize command. Gibson scored the first six points coming out of the break and accounted for half of Chicago's points during the 6:39 span. "Taj was huge for us, and I thought this was one of his best all-around games," Bulls coach  Tom Thibodeau  said. "He scored in so many different ways: jump shots, pick and rolls, screen and steps, in transition, and on the duck-in." 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "Taj played great, and I just tried to do as much stuff as possible for us to get the win. We've been through a lot, but this a tough team because we battle. I think we're getting better and playing good basketball." 
 -- Bulls center Noa h 
 
 
 HOT:  The Bulls moved above .500 for the first time since Nov. 22. ... Chicago is 12-4 since falling a season-low seven games below .500 on Dec. 19. ... Augustin dished out a game-high seven assists. ... The Bulls' starting frontcourt of Gibson, Dunleavy, and Noah combined to shoot 23-for-36 from the field and score 57 points. ... Varejao is averaging 10.9 points and 14.5 rebounds in 13 contests since returning to the Cavaliers' starting lineup on Dec. 29. ... Irving made five 3-pointers in the second quarter and is averaging 27.3 points in his last 11 home games. 
 
 NOT:  Cavaliers power forward  Tristan Thompson  and Deng combined to miss 20 of their 25 field goal attempts. ... Thompson only grabbed two defensive rebounds and failed to make a free throw in 37 minutes. ... Cleveland rookie power forward  Anthony Bennett  -- the No. 1 overall pick in the NBA Draft -- was active, but did not play for the fifth game in a row. ... Cavaliers point guard  Jarrett Jack  failed to score in 22 minutes off the bench. ... The Bulls bench was outscored 26-4 by Cleveland. ... Chicago shooting guard Jimmy Butler shot 1-for-7 on 3-pointers. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "We just have to be better, including myself. There were a lot of mistakes made on both ends of the floor. We have to have a more consistent effort and more of a sense of urgency, especially starting games." 
 -- Cavaliers point guard  Kyrie Irving 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  The Bulls put forth exceptional effort from start to finish, despite playing without three starters: power forward  Carlos Boozer  (left calf strain), shooting guard  Kirk Hinrich  (right hamstring strain), and point guard  Derrick Rose  (right knee surgery). "That's one of the things that I respect about our team," Thibodeau said. "They respond to every challenge and they have a lot of heart." 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Cavaliers coach  Mike Brown  kept shooting guard  Dion Waiters  on the court for the final 18 minutes. The second-year pro scored 13 points, but they were largely meaningless as he dominated the ball at the expense of his teammates. "The ball stayed on one side of the floor for us," Brown said. "We didn't do a good job moving bodies or moving the ball." Waiters is only shooting .405 on the season. 
 
 NOTABLE:  The Bulls signed point guard  Mike James  to a 10-day contract earlier in the day. The 12th-year pro played nine minutes, scoring two points with three assists. ... Thibodeau said Boozer is listed as day-to-day, while Hinrich is expected to miss one week. ... Rose is out for the season, but participated in some shooting drills before the game. ... The Cavaliers' inactives were rookie shooting guard  Carrick Felix  and rookie small forward  Sergey Karasev , who are both on NBA D-League assignments with the Canton Charge. ... WWE wrestlers -- and Cleveland natives --  Mike "The Miz" Mizanin  and  Nick "Dolph Ziggler" Nemeth  served as special in-arena hosts. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Friday vs. L.A. Clippers, Saturday @ Charlotte, Monday vs. Minnesota. For the Cavaliers, Friday vs. Milwaukee, Sunday vs. Phoenix, Tuesday vs. New Orleans. 
