  Notebook: Suns 102, Lakers 90 Posted Sunday February 19, 2012 11:54PM By Mike Tulumello, for NBA.com    THE FACTS:  The Phoenix Suns hope they've found their missing homecourt advantage. The Suns, struggling with a 5-8 home record that has helped create sleepy crowds and empty seats, stunned the visiting Los Angeles Lakers 102-90 Sunday night. The Suns brought the crowd to its feet by playing two styles: They ran the Lakers off the floor in the first half; then ran out the clock after the break. They led by as many as 27 points while the Lakers never cut the margin below 10 (which they managed three times) in the closing minutes. Jared Dudley  led the Suns with 25 points, while  Marcin Gortat  had 21 points and 15 boards.  Steve Nash  had 14 assists. Kobe Bryant  led all scorers with 32 points, but the Suns' swarming defense helped harass him into 10 turnovers. Bryant seemed less concerned about the turnovers than continuing trade rumors involving teammate  Pau Gasol . Bryant said he hopes Gasol stays. But, he said of his team's management, "One way or another, do something." QUOTABLE:  "Basketball is such an emotional game. You have to have all of yourself invested ... We didn't have that ... It's hard for Pau, because of all the trade talk, to invest himself and immerse himself completely ... One way or another, do something. I'd rather he not be traded. But if you're going to trade him, (expletive) do it."    -- Bryant on continuing trade rumors involving Gasol. THE STAT:  Laker point guards  Derek Fisher  and  Steve Blake  had zero points and three assists, combined, in the first half, when the game was decided. TURNING POINT:  The Suns led 11-10 early, then Gortat scored on a layup, Bryant and Gasol were called for traveling, then the Suns were off and running. Their 20-4 spree made it 31-14, and the Lakers never really challenged. QUOTABLE II:  "We desperately needed a solid win at home against a really good team."    -- Suns coach  Alvin Gentry FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  The Suns have dusted off  Shannon Brown , who had slipped out of the rotation, while  Josh Childress  played no more than 11 minutes the past three games (and not at all Sunday). GOOD MOVE:  Gentry had the Suns use plenty of double teams on Bryant (with  Grant Hill  as the lead defender) to get the ball out of his hands. BAD MOVE:  Lakers coach  Mike Brown  played Bryant 40 minutes, even though the Lakers never really were in the game. ROOKIE WATCH:  Markieff Morris had 10 points, eight rebounds and two blocks for the Suns, though he shot just 2-for-11. NOTABLE:  The Suns are starting a stretch in which they play six straight (and 12 of 14) games at home. UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Monday vs. Portland, Wednesday @ Dallas, Thursday @ Oklahoma City. For the Suns, Monday vs. Washington, Wednesday vs. Golden State, Thursday, March 1 vs. Minnesota.  