
 Suns-Raptors notebook   By Holly MacKenzie, for NBA.com Posted Friday February 25, 2011 10:48PM THE FACTS:  On Friday night at the Air Canada Centre, the Phoenix Suns rolled over the Toronto Raptors 110-92. The Suns took care of business early and their starters were able to rest late as the bench got extended burn during the fourth quarter. It was an odd night for Raptors fans who booed  Vince Carter  every time he touched the ball, but cheered loudly for  Steve Nash  when he was on the floor. Carter led the way for the Suns with 17 points while he tied a career-high with six steals.  Marcin Gortat  also added 17 points and 11 rebounds off of the bench. QUOTABLE:  "I don't think so. I mean, it's up to the Suns. I've always said I want to play for Phoenix. I'll just continue to play out my contract and then see what they want to do. If they want to rebuild and move me on then I'll accept that, but I've always said that I want to play for this team."    -- Steve Nash on whether he thinks he'll be in a different uniform next season THE STAT:  While the Raptors actually shot better than the Suns from the floor (51 percent for Toronto compared to 48 percent for Phoenix), the Suns connected on six 3-pointers while the Raptors only had one make from deep. As well, the Suns made 26 of their 33 free throw attempts, while the Raptors finished 15-for-23 from the line. TURNING POINT:  It's hard to have a turning point when one team jumps out to an 11-2 lead to start the game and leads by 21 after the opening 12 minutes. After being sharp offensively in a win against the Chicago Bulls on Wednesday, the Raptors' offense was anything but smooth on Friday night against the Suns. At the end of the first quarter, the Suns led 35-14 and never looked back. Those 14 points scored by the Raptors tied a Suns opponent season-low for points scored in a first quarter. QUOTABLE II:  "We try to figure this out. Is it youth? Is part of that youth and the growing of this team feeling too good about playing a game against Chicago and thinking you can just waltz in here and play? It's the NBA and if you are half a step slow or a half a step less prepared mentally for a game, you are going to get exploited and that happened in the first quarter."    --  Jay Triano  on the focus of his team coming into the game HOT:   Andrea Bargnani  had a hot-shooting night in the loss, finishing with a game-high 26 points on 12-for-15 shooting. Of course, Bargnani did finish with just four rebounds and had three turnovers. NOT:  Nash showed the Raptors how to be effective despite having an off-shooting night. Nash finished with seven points on an unimpressive 2-for-12 shooting night, but also collected seven rebounds and dished 11 assists with just one turnover. INSIDE THE ARENA:  During halftime, Canadian rapper  Maestro  performed "Let Your Backbone Slide". NOTABLE:   Joey Dorsey  did not play for the Raptors, missing his second straight game with back spasms.  Aaron Brooks  was not with the Suns a day after being acquired from the Rockets because he was in Phoenix after completing his physical. He is expected to join the team in Indiana for their game on Sunday.  Hakim Warrick  finished with 12 points and  Mickael Pietrus  scored 14 points off of the bench for the Suns.  Leandro Barbosa  came off the bench to score 15 points against his former team. UP NEXT:  For the Suns, Sunday @ Indiana, Monday @ New Jersey, Wednesday @ Boston. For the Raptors, Sunday vs. Dallas, Tuesday vs. New Orleans, Friday @ New Jersey (the Raptors will play two "away" games against the Nets in London). 
