  Knicks-Hawks notebook   By Jon Cooper, for NBA.com Posted Sunday March 6, 2011 10:53PM THE FACTS:   Amar'e Stoudamire  had 26 points, including six in an 11-0 fourth-quarter run, as the New York Knicks pulled away from the Atlanta Hawks in the fourth quarter, winning, 92-79, Sunday night at Philips Arena. Stoudamire led six double-figure scorers for the Knicks, who outscored Atlanta 28-16 over the final 9:38. Landry Fields  added 15 and  Carmelo Anthony  14, despite having to leave the floor late in the first half after getting poked in the left eye. The Knicks pulled to within four games of Atlanta for the fifth playoff spot in the Eastern Conference. Josh Smith  led Atlanta with 17 points and 11 boards in his first game back after sitting out the previous four with a strained right knee. QUOTABLE:  "I thought we were at home for a second. It felt like a home game. It felt good."   --  New York's Amar'e Stoudamire on hearing "MVP!" chants. THE STAT:  66.7 percent. New York hit two-thirds of its shots both from the field, where they made 10-of-15, and from behind the arc, where they converted four of six in the fourth quarter. TURNING POINT:  Coming out of a time out immediately after Atlanta drew to within one at 64-63, the Knicks went on an 11-0 run in 2:30 of the fourth quarter. Stoudamire scored six points in the run.  Shawne Williams , Landry Fields and  Roger Mason, Jr.  would add threes as part of an overall 19-2 run to extend the lead to 18 and put the game on ice. QUOTABLE II:  "I don't think I was able to get into a rhythm, but I'm really about the team. I was just trying to do the things that I do. I just couldn't get it going on offense."  --  Al Horford. HOT:   Anthony Carter  shot 80 percent for the game (4-for-5) and was a one-man dagger in the third quarter. He made all three shots he took in the stanza, each of them halting Hawks momentum. His first one, a jumper with 5:18 left, capped a 6-0 run, regaining the lead for New York. His second was a breakaway layup, after he stole the ball from Hawks point  Jeff Teague  at midcourt, which extended the lead to four and the final one, a three with two seconds left in the quarter gave New York a six-point bulge. NOT:  Al Horford. The Hawks big, who earlier in the week set a career high with 31 points, was limited to four. Horford took only eight shots the entire game, four in each half, and never got to the foul line. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Amar'e Stoudamire was on fire, shooting 50 percent from the floor (10-for-20), while also shooting a perfect 6-for-6 from the line. He grabbed a team-high seven rebounds, dished out two assists, had two steals and a block. Amar'e was especially big in the fourth quarter during the Knicks' game-turning rally. ROOKIE WATCH:  Knicks rookie Landry Fields pumped in 15 points on 6-for-11 shooting, including 2-for-4 from three. He also pulled down four boards, had four assists and two steals in 39:16. Field was especially big in the first quarter, helping New York jump out to a 7-0 start, making a steal leading to the game's first basket, then grabbing a rebound and hitting a jumper to complete the game-opening run. He was 2-for-4 in the quarter with two assists as the Knicks held a quick 24-19 lead after one. NOTABLE:  New York raised its record to 15-16 on the road this season. That's the most road wins since the 2003-04 season, when they won 16 away from the Garden...New York was uncharacteristically cold from the foul line, converting only 66.7 percent of their tries (10 of 15). Take away Stoudamire, and the rest of the team was 4-for-11 (36.3 percent). They usually shoot 80 percent. Of course, they also usually get to the line 25 times...Atlanta's  Kirk Hinrich  shot 3-for-4 from three and has made 7 of his 10 three-point attempts in the last two games. UP NEXT:  For the Hawks, Tuesday vs. L.A. Lakers, Friday, @ Chicago, Saturday, vs. Portland. For the Knicks, Monday vs. Utah, Wednesday @ Memphis, Thursday @ Dallas.  