  Mavericks-Raptors notebook   By Holly J. MacKenzie, for NBA.com Posted Sunday February 27, 2011 10:21PM THE FACTS:  On Sunday afternoon at the Air Canada Centre, the Dallas Mavericks came back from an early 19-point deficit to defeat the Toronto Raptors, 114-96. They were led by  Dirk Nowitzki's  31 points and 13 rebounds, but it was the play of their bench that saved them as they had four reserves reach double figures in the game. The Raptors were without  Andrea Bargnani  who was out with flu-like symptoms. The Mavs victory avenged a loss to the Raptors in Dallas earlier this season. QUOTABLE:  "Well, we're definitely one of the oldest teams in the league...We've basically seen it all in this league. Kidd is like 40 years old, almost. We have a bunch of veterans who have basically seen everything in this league and it was early. That's a good thing. You don't want to be down 15, 20 in the third, fourth quarter, but it was very early and our bench came through for us and they won us the game."    -- Dirk Nowitzki on his team staying calm despite trailing 22-3 to open the game. THE STAT:  The reserves for Dallas were incredible in the victory over the Raptors. While Nowitzki scored 31 points in the game, the rest of the starters struggled, shooting an ugly 7-for-24 in the game. The bench came through in a big way the Mavs, finishing with 64 points. In comparison, Toronto's reserves finished with 25 points for the game.  Shawn Marion  finished with 20 points off of the bench while  Jason Terry  added 19,  Ian Mahinmi  scored 13 and  Jose Barea  added 12 points and nine assists. TURNING POINT:  Although the Raptors jumped out to a quick 22-3 lead in the first quarter, the Mavericks had trimmed the deficit down to seven at the break and then three at the end of the third after holding Toronto to just 15 points in the quarter. To open the fourth, the Mavs reeled off a 20-6 run that blew the game open and put them ahead by 17 points. After coming back from that initial deficit, the Mavericks outscored Toronto 111-74 over the remaining three and a half quarters. QUOTABLE II:  "This isn't about speeches. When you get to the end of February in an NBA season, these guys know where it's at. they're experienced enough and veteran enough to know that if you come out and aren't ready to play at a high level you're going to get your face smashed in and that's what happened to us early. We took the hit and we fought back."    --  Rick Carlisle  on how he motivated his team when they were down 22-3 in the first quarter. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  In his third game for the Raptors,  James Johnson  showed a little bit of everything. Finishing with eight points, seven rebounds, a career-high seven assists, two steals and two blocked shots, fantasy owners might want to keep an eye on Johnson's production in the near future. Buried on the bench in Chicago, Johnson is in the starting rotation in Toronto and appears to be making the most of his minutes. ROOKIE WATCH:   Ed Davis  started in place of Andrea Bargnani for the Raptors. He logged 37 minutes before fouling out in the fourth quarter and finished with eight points and five rebounds. He also added three assists and three blocked shots. NOTABLE:  The 18-point margin of victory is the second largest for the Mavericks this season. With the loss, the Raptors fall to 1-6 on the season without Bargnani. Nowitzki picked up his 10th double-double of the season. Marion recorded his sixth 20-point game of the season coming off of the bench for Dallas.  Amir Johnson  scored 21 points 10-for-13 field goals for the Raptors in the loss. UP NEXT:  For the Mavericks, Tuesday @ Philadelphia, Friday vs. Indiana and Sunday vs. Memphis. For the Raptors, Tuesday vs. New Orleans, Friday @ New Jersey and Sunday @ New Jersey (the pair of games against the Nets will be played in London and will count as home games for New Jersey).  