  Notebook: Heat 92, Cavaliers 85   By Shandel Richardson, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday January 24, 2012 11:44PM THE FACTS:  The Miami Heat shook off a slow start to defeat the Cleveland Cavaliers 92-85 Tuesday night at AmericanAirlines Arena. Forward  Chris Bosh  led all scorers with a season-high 35 points. Bosh did most of his work in the fourth quarter, scoring 18 points. The Cavs, despite 22 turnovers, were able to keep it close before Bosh closed out things. Cleveland rookie guard  Kyrie Irving  scored a team-high 17 points. The Heat concluded their homestand by winning four of five. Forward  LeBron James  finished with 18 points, five rebounds and five assists. It was Miami's fifth straight game without  Dwyane Wade , who continues to recover from a sprained ankle. QUOTABLE:  "Just playing the game. Shooting the ball without hesitation, my teammates finding me in the right spots. I just wanted to make sure that I pulled the trigger without kind of hesitating. They kept coming to me, they showed trust in me."   -- Bosh on his big fourth quarter THE STAT:  Despite this being an ugly game, the Heat were nearly flawless at the foul line. They were 23-for-26 to help offset their poor field-goal shooting (45 percent). TURNING POINT:  With the Heat needing a spark, Bosh answered the call. He scored 18 of his game-high 35 in the fourth quarter. Bosh helped keep the Cavs from rallying by scoring 12 points in the final 4:26, including a key 3-pointer. QUOTABLE II:  "Obviously, I felt that was a lot better. That's more like us as a basketball team, just playing good, solid defense. We stayed in the game for 48 minutes. The only thing I'm disappointed in is the fact we had 22 turnovers and that's killing our game."   -- Cavs coach  Byron Scott HOT:  Although Bosh poured in a season-high 35 points, he was most effective from the foul line. He finished 14-for-14 on free throws. Bosh also had seven rebounds and two assists. NOT:  James put up solid numbers, but wasn't as strong as he's played this season. James was just 8-for-21 from the field, and had a couple critical turnovers in the fourth quarter. GOOD MOVE:  Without Wade and with James struggling in the fourth quarter, the Heat put the game in the hands of their third superstar. They ran the offense through Bosh, who shook off a slow start to finish strong. BAD MOVE:  Just too many mistakes for the Cavs. They finished with 22 turnovers. Defeating the Heat is already tough enough, but becomes more difficult with so many errors. NOTABLE:  The Heat have won all four games when Bosh scores at least 30 points this season. Through 17 games, Bosh has one more 30-point game than he had all last season. ... Miami is now 7-1 in games without Wade. He has missed five straight games with a sprained ankle. His status for Wednesday's game at Detroit is questionable. UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Wednesday @ Detroit, Friday vs. New York, Sunday vs. Chicago. For the Cavs, Wednesday vs. New York, Friday vs. New Jersey, Sunday @ Boston.  