
 Rockets-Pacers notebook   By John Oehser, for NBA.com Posted Friday November 12, 2010 10:17PM THE FACTS:   Brad Miller  and  Kevin Martin  helped the Houston Rockets overcome the absence of seven-time All-Star center  Yao Ming  Friday, scoring 23 and 20 points, respectively, as the Rockets held off a second-half rally by the Indiana Pacers at Conseco Fieldhouse in Indianapolis. QUOTABLE:  "We can't worry about who isn't here. We've gone without Yao for a year and a half."    -- Rockets coach  Rick Adelman THE STAT:  The Pacers weren't as hot Friday as they had been in their previous game, but how could they have been? They shot 64.4 percent from the field in a 144-113 victory over Denver Tuesday, including a blistering 20-of-21 shooting from the field in the third quarter. On Friday, they shot 44.9 percent on 40-of-89 shooting from the field. TURNING POINT:  The Pacers rallied to take a five-point lead early in the fourth quarter, 87-82, but the Rockers scored 18 of the next 26 points to lead 100-95 with 2:14 remaining. Miller hit a pair of 3-point field goals on back-to-back possessions to tie the game 93-93 and after Miller hit a free throw on the next possession, the Rockets never trailed again. QUOTABLE II:  "Our six losses have been a lot like this, where we've had the lead with five minutes to go or three minutes to go. It's big for us to finally win one of these games and just not let it slip away.'' --  Miller QUOTABLE III:  "Painful loss."  -- Pacers coach  Jim O'Brien HOT:  There's something about the third quarter for Indiana these days. The Pacers trailed by 10 points midway through the period, but tied the game 78-78 at the end of the quarter by shooting well from 3-point range. They made 6 of 7 3-point field goals during the period, including five of their last six. Forward  James Posey  tied the game with a 3-pointer with 10.5 seconds remaining in the period. NOT:  Pacers forward  Brandon Rush , after scoring 16 points on 54.5 percent shooting in his first game back from a suspension Tuesday, missed all five of his first-half shots. He finished the game with two points on 1-of-7 shooting. Consistency has been a issue for Rush in three NBA seasons. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT : Pacers center  Roy Hibbert  continues to emerge as a force -- on the court as well as the stat sheet. The third-year center has increased his minutes from last season, and has become a key to the Pacers' offense. He continued a solid start to the season on Friday, registering 18 points and eight rebounds, He also had a impressive blocked shot on an attempted second-quarter dunk by Rockets forward  Jordan Hill . NOTABLE:  Ming missed the game with a sprained left ankle and is expected to be out at least a week. He returned to Houston this week to begin rehabilitation. . . . The Rockets' victory was their first on the road this season after four losses. . . . Miller's start was his first for the Rockets. . . . Rockets guard  Kyle Lowry  entered the game having scored 14 points in three appearances this season. He came off the bench to score 13 points and also had seven assists and six rebounds. . . . Pacers forward James Posey scored 19 points off the bench and had five 3-point field goals. UP NEXT:  For the Rockets, Sunday at New York, Wednesday vs. Chicago, Thursday at Oklahoma City. For the Pacers, Saturday at Cleveland, Tuesday vs. Atlanta, Thursday vs. Los Angeles Clippers. 
