
 Warriors-Lakers notebook   By Bryan Chu, for NBA.com Posted Monday November 1, 2010 1:12AM THE FACTS:  Sure Miami has its Big 3, but the Los Angeles has a triple threat that can hold its own too. Kobe Bryant ,  Pau Gasol , and  Lamar Odom  jumped out with an opening quarter flurry as the Lakers never trailed in the contest, whacking the Warriors, 107-83, at Staples Center Sunday. The Lakers (3-0) were led by near double-doubles by all three of their top players. Gasol finished with 26 points and 12 rebounds), Odom (16 points, 14 rebounds) and Bryant chipped in with 20 points and seven assists. Without  Stephen Curry  (right ankle), the Warriors (2-1) couldn't keep up with the Lakers. Los Angeles outscored Golden State in the opening period, 34-14. The closest the Warriors got in the second half was to within 13 points, 69-56, with 4:33 in the third quarter.  Monta Ellis  led the Warriors with 20 points on 9-for-20 shooting. THE STAT:  32: The largest lead held by the Lakers. TURNING POINT:  The opening 3:11 of the game was all Lakers as they went on 12-0 run. The Warriors never recovered. QUOTABLE:  "He's not 100 percent. But that's nice of him to say it."  --  Lakers coach  Phil Jackson  on the state of Bryant's health. QUOTABLE II:  "There's still a lot of room for improvement...but we're excited. I think we're pretty happy about how things are going right now."  --  Gasol  on the state of the team HOT:  Lakers forward Odom has been on a tear at the start of this season with the absence of  Andrew Bynum . Odom finished with 16 points and 14 rebounds, marking his third double-double in four games. Odom is now averaging 16 points and 15 rebounds this season. NOT:  Warriors forward  David Lee  was held to zero points and three rebounds. He also committed five turnovers. The perennial double-double machine was a non-factor in this one as he played just 19 minutes. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Though it's early, Warriors forward  Dorrell Wright  has been impressive and he attributes his play to feeling comfortable for the first time in his career. "The system definitely fits me and I'm happy with my duties on my team," he told NBA.com. "I'm looking forward to a great, great year. I'm finally able to play my game and showcase my talents. It's something I've been looking forward to for a long time." Wright, who is averaging 19 points this season, scored 14 of his 18 points in the third quarter. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Former NBA star  Stephon Marbury , who is now playing for the Chinese Basketball Association, was in attendance but left at halftime. ROOKIE WATCH:  One of the most popular rookies this season has been Golden State's  Jeremy Lin . The Palo Alto native played only three minutes all season, but played logged 16 minutes, including 11 minutes in the third quarter. Lin's first shot of his NBA career was a 12-foot airball, but he followed it up with a steal on a Bryant pass. Lin scored his first basket as an NBA player, a layup, and recorded four steals. He did, however, pick up five fouls. His best play was diving on the floor for a loose ball and feeding it to  Brandan Wright  for a 3-point play. NOTABLE:  26.3 -- The percentage the Warriors shot from deep. Golden State, which seemingly wins and loses by the deep ball, went 5-for-19 from three. UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Tuesday vs. Grizzlies, Wednesday @ Kings, Friday vs. Raptors. For the Warriors, Wednesday vs. Grizzlies, Friday vs. Jazz, Saturday at Pistons 
