  Spurs-Rockets notebook   By Matt Miller, for NBA.com Posted Saturday April 2, 2011 12:52AM THE FACTS:   Tony Parker  kept the San Antonio Spurs in the game.  Kevin Martin  and the rest of the Houston Rockets made sure Parker's effort would go for naught. Martin scored a game-high 33 points, including the final seven in overtime, to carry Houston to a 119-114 victory over San Antonio on Friday at Toyota Center. Six other Rockets reached double figures, including  Luis Scola , who scored 21 points and grabbed 14 rebounds.  Chuck Hayes  added a double-double of 12 points and 10 boards for Houston (40-36), which has won six consecutive home games but sits three games behind New Orleans and Memphis in the Western Conference playoff race. Parker netted 31 points on 15-for-23 shooting to lead the slumping Spurs (57-19), who have dropped six games in a row for the first time since April 1997 -- before they drafted  Tim Duncan . Duncan chipped in with 23 points and 13 rebounds, recording his 26th double-double of the season. San Antonio's defeat allows the Los Angeles Lakers, who faced off against Utah on Friday, to draw closer toward San Antonio for the top spot in the Western Conference. With a victory over the Jazz, L.A. will move to one game behind the Spurs in the loss column. QUOTABLE:  "In my mind, that may be the best win we've had all year."   -- Rockets coach  Rick Adelman THE STAT:  San Antonio, the NBA's top 3-point-shooting team this season, appeared to be breaking out of its recent long-range slump after making four of its first nine attempts from downtown. But the Spurs lost that rhythm in the final period and overtime, during which they shot 1-for-8 from behind the arc. TURNING POINT:  Thanks to Parker's stellar play, the Spurs remained close for much of this contest. In fact, they trailed 104-102 with 2:30 left in the fourth quarter.  Manu Ginobili  nailed three of four free throws and Parker made a back-door cut to the basket for a wide-open layup, propelling San Antonio to a 107-104 lead with 1:03 remaining in regulation. The Spurs held that 3-point advantage and the ball when  Courtney Lee  intercepted a  George Hill  pass and converted the fast-break layup to cut the Rockets' deficit to 107-106. Duncan missed one of two free throws with 18 seconds left, opening the door for  Kyle Lowry  to drain a game-tying mid-range jumper with 3.9 seconds remaining. On the last possession of regulation,  Ginobili  made a strong drive to the hoop but released his potential game-winner after the buzzer sounded. TURNING POINT II:  The Spurs led 114-112 with less than two minutes left in the extra session when Martin scored seven straight points to lead Houston to a much-needed victory. Ginobili was called for a charge and stepped out of bounds in this stretch, giving the Rockets enough assistance to snap a four-game losing streak against San Antonio. QUOTABLE II:  "We're definitely going to see what we're made of, that's for sure."   -- Parker on how he and his teammates will react to the late-season nosedive. HOT:  A quartet of Rocket starters did most of the damage for Houston in the first half. Martin, Lowry, Scola and  Chase Budinger  combined for 47 points on 18-for-33 (54.5 percent) shooting, including 6-for-14 (42.9 percent) shooting from beyond the arc. They also handed out 10 of the Rockets' 15 first-half assists and pulled down 11 of their 23 rebounds. NOT:  San Antonio's  Matt Bonner  saw his 3-point-shooting funk continue, finishing 0-for-5 from long range. Bonner has hit only five of 19 attempts (26.3 percent) from downtown over the last five games. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Parker found holes in Houston's interior defense early and often, leading to several layups and a great shooting percentage. He also handed out six assists and grabbed three boards to cap another productive performance for his fantasy owners. QUOTABLE III:  "Tony Parker was incredible. We needed more than five guys on the court to stop him from getting to the basket."   -- Adelman on Parker GOOD MOVE:  San Antonio scored 16 of its first 21 points in the paint, as Parker knifed through the lane for layups and the Spurs' bigs converted easy put-backs. Adelman responded by placing rookie forward  Patrick Patterson  into the game. Patterson's defensive activity played a crucial role in helping Houston limit the Spurs to only five points in the paint over the next eight minutes of action. ROOKIE WATCH:  In addition to his solid defensive play, Patterson poured in 12 points on 6-for-10 shooting, four rebounds and one assist. INSIDE THE ARENA:  With the Final Four in town this weekend, it was no surprise to see hundreds of University of Kentucky fans in attendance cheering for the former Wildcat Patterson. ... Former Rocket and prolific shot-blocker  Dikembe Mutumbo  watched Saturday's action from a courtside seat. ... Rockets' legend  Ralph Sampson  also attended Saturday's game. NOTABLE:  San Antonio has led at some point during the fourth quarter in five of its six consecutive losses. ... The Spurs lost for only the second time this season (47-2) when shooting a higher percentage than its opponent. ... Adelman (942 career wins) is two victories shy of tying  Bill Fitch  for eighth all-time on the NBA regular-season coaching wins list. ... Houston has scored at least 60 points in a half 32 times this season. ... The Rockets improved to 2-5 in overtime games. ... Houston jumped to 5-1 when all five starters score in double figures. ... The Rockets are 13-5 when Martin scores at least 30 points. UP NEXT:  For the Spurs, Sunday vs. Phoenix (ABC), Tuesday @ Atlanta, Wednesday @ Sacramento. For the Rockets, Sunday vs. Atlanta, Tuesday vs. Sacramento, Wednesday @ New Orleans.  