  Clippers-Kings notebook   By Jimmy Spencer, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday March 1, 2011 1:58AM THE FACTS: Marcus Thornton  made the most of his hometown debut, as the newly acquired guard scored 29 points to lead the Sacramento Kings to a 105-99 victory over the visiting Los Angeles Clippers on Monday night. No pressure for the second-year guard, whose performance came in front of a sold-out crowd of 17,317 fans attempting to appeal to ownership looking into relocating the franchise to Anaheim. QUOTABLE:  "I haven't seen it like this since  C-Webb ,  Peja ,  Mike Bibby , and all those guys, man. Hopefully we can bring it back. We need the fans and hopefully they'll come to all the home games we have."    -- Thornton on Monday night's crowd THE STAT:  The crowd of 17,317 was the second sellout of the season for Sacramento. The team's other sellout came in its home opener on Nov. 1 vs. Toronto. TURNING POINT:  The Kings took the lead with 5:19 remaining in the game when  Mo Williams  fell down and never recovered to close out on  Beno Udrih  atop the arc, who nailed a wide-open 3-pointer that put Sacramento up 93-91. The 3-pointer was part of a 9-0 run that gave the Kings a 97-91 lead with 4:25 remaining. ... The Kings led 98-94 when Williams knocked down a 3-pointer of his own with 49.2 seconds left to cut the lead to one point but Sacramento held on. Thornton hit 6-for-6 from the free throw line in the final 31.7 seconds of the game. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Thornton looked like a refined scorer for Sacramento on Monday. Thornton, who came to Sacramento via an exchange with New Orleans for  Carl Landry , scored his 29 points in 27 minutes off the bench. With  Tyreke Evans  still out after foot surgery, the Kings' newest guard could see plenty of shot opportunities. Evans will be in a walking boot for another two weeks. QUOTABLE II:  "Marcus Thornton is fitting in pretty well. We were running plays for him that we didn't even have."    -- Kings coach  Paul Westphal INSIDE THE ARENA:  The game was sold out as part of a push by Kings fans to keep their NBA team in Sacramento. Kings ownership has recently looked into an opportunity to relocate the franchise to Anaheim. The arena was filled with signs and unified chants calling for the team to stay. Chants included, "Stay in Sac," "Sac-ra-mento!" and "L.A. Sucks!" Interestingly enough, Sacramento was adorned in red, white and blue Rochester Royals uniforms for the game. ... Also, Monday night was the Kings' last game in "Arco Arena." Beginning March 1, the official name of the Kings' home will be "Power Balance Pavilion." ROOKIE WATCH:  The moment was just too easy to predict.  DeMarcus Cousins  stood innocently on defense, fronting  Blake Griffin  who was sizing up the moment. With a quick backdoor spin, Griffin elevated towards a perfectly placed pass from Williams and finished with an emphatic one-handed slam to complete the alley-oop. Griffin owned most of the night, finishing with 27 points. Cousins didn't fare so well, finishing with just five points while committing six turnovers. NOTABLE:  Clippers coach  Vinny Del Negro  said prior to the game that Williams' injured ankle still wasn't 100 percent and that he expected some rust in the newly acquired guard. Williams shot 7-for-18 from the field for 16 points, adding five assists and five steals. ... The Clippers had a season-high 14 steals. ... The Kings outscored the Clippers 27-16 in the fourth quarter. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Wednesday vs. Houston, Saturday vs. Denver, Monday @ Charlotte. For the Kings, Wednesday vs. Portland, Saturday @ Utah, Monday vs. Houston.  