Notebook: Nuggets 110, Bobcats 88 
 
 
 Michael Kelly, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Dec 23, 2012 1:33 AM - Updated Sun Dec 23, 2012 1:44 AM 
 
 THE FACTS: Kosta Koufas  scored a season-high 16 points,  Kenneth Faried  and  Andre Iguodala  had 15 apiece as the Denver Nuggets beat the Charlotte Bobcats 110-88 on Saturday night. 
 Seven Nuggets scored in double figures. 
 
 Ramon Sessions  scored 23 points and  Byron Mullens  had 16 points and 14 rebounds for the Bobcats, who lost their 15th straight. It's the second straight season Charlotte has lost at least 15 in a row. Last year's squad had a 21-game losing streak, which is five short of the record set by Cleveland two seasons ago. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "Losing is one of the hardest things you can ever go through, especially losing as many as we've lost. At the same time you've got to keep your chin up. You've got to know that these losses will turn into wins one day."  
 -- Charlotte guard  Kemba Walker 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Nuggets missed all 22 of their 3-pointers Thursday -- an NBA record for one game -- and then missed their first six against Charlotte. They finally found their stroke and finished the game 6-for-20, a veritable hot streak after their game against Portland. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  After finally breaking their 3-point shooting drought on  Jordan Hamilton 's bomb with 8:02 left in the half, the Nuggets got hot from the outside.  Danilo Gallinari  and Iguodala hit consecutive 3s, Gallinari hit a long jumper and Koufas and Iguodala hit layups to turn a five-point lead into 15. Denver finished the half on a 20-7 run to lead by 18 at the break. 
 
 THE STAT II:  The Nuggets had a season-high 36 assists but not one player had more than eight. 
 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We all know Andre Miller is one of the best passes in the league and it's becoming contagious among the other guys."  
 -- Iguodala 
 
 HOT:  Koufas missed just two shots in an efficient night of scoring his season high. Iguodala was also sharp from the field, going 6-for-9. He also had eight assists and eight rebounds. 
 
 NOT:  The Bobcats have been searching for any formula that can produce a win. They almost had one against the Lakers in Los Angeles a few nights ago but it slipped away. Now with upcoming games against Miami and Brooklyn, the streak may not end for a while. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "He's smart, he's philosophical, he's a great friend and I hope he gets a win very soon. I hope that's his Christmas present. The monkey gets awful heavy when you lose this many in a row."  
 -- Nuggets coach  George Karl , on Charlotte coach  Mike Dunlap 
 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Faried continues to be a monster underneath. Despite playing just 23 minutes, he had nine rebounds to go with his 15 points.  
 
 GOOD MOVE:  The Nuggets took care of the ball. They had no turnovers in the first quarter, only two at halftime and eight heading into the fourth.  
 
 BAD MOVE:  The Bobcats' defense ranks last in scoring and next to last in 3-point percentage, but it was the post defense that was really lacking against Denver. The Nuggets scored a season-high 78 points in the paint. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH: Michael Kidd-Gilchrist  was one of the few bright spots for the Bobcats. His 11 points gives him three straight games with double-figure scoring. 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  Mullens suffered a severe left ankle injury toward the end of the game. He rolled the joint under the basket late and was helped off the court. X-rays were negative but he left the arena with the ankle heavily wrapped and on crutches. ...  Ty Lawson  left the game with a left Achilles strain in the second quarter and did not return. ... The Bobcats played without guards  Ben Gordon  (sore right knee) and  Gerald Henderson . Henderson suffered a contusion on his right shin late in Friday's loss to Golden State. ... Denver had a season-high 12 blocked shots. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Bobcats, Wednesday vs. Miami, Friday @ Brooklyn, Saturday vs. New Orleans. For the Nuggets, Tuesday @ L.A. Clippers, Wednesday vs. L.A. Lakers, Friday @ Dallas. 
