  Mavericks-Bobcats Notebook   By Derek S. Smith, for NBA.com Posted Saturday February 5, 2011 10:21PM THE FACTS:   Dirk Nowitzki  scored 25 to lead five Dallas Mavericks in double figures to a 101-92 win over the Charlotte Bobcats Saturday night at Time Warner Cable Arena. Charlotte was paced by  D.J. Augustin's  21 points in defeat while  Jason Terry  tallied 21 off the bench for Dallas who have won eight straight. QUOTABLE:  "Balance has been our calling card all season long. We can't pile it on Dirk (Nowitzki's) back every night. We've got to have a lot of other guys do it. Our injures this season have allowed other guys to learn a higher level of responsibility and right now you can see where those benefits have come. It's all about getting better. We've just got to make sure we keep trending the right way."  -  Rick Carlisle THE STAT:  The Century Mark. Dallas is now 25-1 when reaching the 100-point mark this season. That is the best percentage in the league and a benchmark the Mavericks know will allow them success. During the team's eight-game winning streak the Mavericks are averaging 103.6 points and have reached 100 in the last seven games. TURNING POINT:  Dallas finally put the Bobcats away late in the fourth quarter. Jason Terry completed a three-point play and then  Shawn Marion  added a bucket on the baseline over  Shaun Livingston  for the Mavericks putting them ahead 92-79 with 3:50 to play and sucking all the remaining energy out of Time Warner Cable Arena crowd. QUOTABLE II:  "For us, on the road, we wanted to get off to a good start and we did. Then we got off to even a better start in the third quarter. But at the end of the night we just want more points than the other team and we did that again here."  -  Jason Kidd HOT:  Dirk Nowitzki. The Dallas All-Star forward was 10-for-19 from the floor with four rebounds, four blocked shots and two assists on the night. Nowitzki has averaged 26.5 points in his career against the Bobcats and 26.8 over the last four contests in the Mavericks winning streak. BAD MOVE:  Playing former Bobcats. Charlotte had trouble in back-to-back nights with former teammates coming into Time Warner Cable Arena and playing well against their former team. Friday night  Eddie House  scored 14 points including three three pointers to start the fourth quarter and Saturday night  Tyson Chandler  came back to the Queen City and proved to be too much to handle for the Bobcats interior players. Chandler scored nine points and grabbed 15 rebounds while blocking two shots. ROOKIE WATCH:  There were no rookies to watch Saturday night at the Cable Box.  Sherron Collins  for Charlotte and  Dominique Jones  for Dallas were both DNP-CDs for the night. NOTABLE:  Dallas is now 25-1 when reaching the century mark this season. The Bobcats are 12-13 at Time Warner Cable Arena after finishing last season with a 31-10 mark.  Stephen Jackson  picked up his 11th technical foul of the season which ranks third in the NBA. The technical comes with a $4,000 fine and he's now five technicals away from a league-mandated one-game suspension.  Boris Diaw  scored 11 points in the first quarter, but failed to score in the final three periods. Dallas is now 10-3 on the second night of back-to-backs. UP NEXT:  For the Mavericks, Monday vs. Cleveland, Wednesday @ Sacramento, Thursday @ Denver. For the Bobcats, Monday vs. Boston, Wednesday @ Indiana, Friday vs. New Jersey.  