Notebook: Clippers 98, Jazz 90 
 
 
 Dan Arritt, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Dec 29, 2013 2:10 AM - Updated Sun Dec 29, 2013 2:10 AM 
 
 THE FACT:   Clippers power forward  Blake Griffin  scored a season-high 40 points, joining  Damian Lillard  of the Trail Blazers as the only NBA players with back-to-back games of 35 points or more this season. 
 
 THE LEAD:    The Clippers (21-11) toyed with the Jazz (9-24) for 46 minutes Saturday night, but down the stretch Griffin played like Griffin,  Chris Paul  played like Chris Paul and the Jazz, well, they played like the Jazz, adding up to a 98-90 victory by the Clippers at Staples Center. 
 
 QUOTABLE:   "I think our team is really close. I've been saying it for a week or two and you can feel it. It's very close to being really good." 
 -- Clippers coach  Doc Rivers 
 
 
 THE STAT:   Paul came in as the only player in the NBA averaging double figures in assists (11.5) but needed one more against the Jazz to finish with his fifth career triple-double and first with the Clippers. Paul concluded the night with 21 points, a season-high 10 rebounds and nine assists. He also pitched in five steals, the biggest leading to a game-clinching basket with two minutes left. 
 
 TURNING POINT:   The Jazz avoided a double-digit deficit the entire game, which gradually boosted their confidence until they came back to tie the score for the seventh time on two free throws by rookie  Trey Burke  with 2:33 remaining. The Clippers quickly moved back ahead for good on a slam by Griffin off a nice pass from Paul.  Jamal Crawford  then stole the ball from Burke, missed a fast-break layup but Paul stole the ball back from Utah center  Enes Kanter  after Kanter grabbed the rebound and winged it to Crawford in the corner, where he sank a 3-pointer to push the lead to 95-90 with two minutes left. The Clippers just needed to make their free throws down the stretch and they shot 3-for-4 to end their two-game losing skid. 
 
 HOT:   Griffin got off to a horrid start, committing two fouls and three turnovers in the first four minutes of the game, but he was fresh upon his return, scoring 12 points in the second quarter, including eight in the final three minutes. He added eight more in the third and capped his night with 18 in the fourth. Oh, and he also played the entire second half and pulled down 10 rebounds for his sixth consecutive double-double. In the last seven games, Griffin is averaging 28.4 points and 11.4 rebounds. Just as impressive is his improvement at the free-throw line. He shot 14-for-17 from the stripe to improve to 94-for-122 (77 percent) for the month of December. Not bad for someone who came in shooting 62 percent for his career. 
 
 NOT:   With about two minutes remaining in the first half, both teams were shooting around 37 percent and had combined to miss 14 of their first 15 from 3-point range. The Jazz had five turnovers in the first seven minutes and finished with 19 overall, led by Burke with six. Speaking of turnovers, Griffin finished with eight of L.A.'s 13 giveaways. Crawford started his eighth consecutive game for the Clippers after coming off the bench the first 100 and he seems to be struggling to find his groove. Crawford shot 4-for-16 against the Jazz and is shooting 38.6 percent from the floor as a starter. Utah forward  Derrick Favors , who came in second on the team in scoring at 13.6, had his lowest-scoring output of the season, shooting 1-for-5 and scoring four points before fouling out. The Jazz concluded their night by missing their final five field-goal attempts and committing four turnovers in the final three minutes. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:   "Utah plays hard, they execute, they don't stop and they keep running their stuff."  
 -- Doc Rivers 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:   For the second straight game, Griffin committed two fouls in the first four minutes but wasn't whistled for another the entire game. Clippers coach Doc Rivers left Griffin on the floor to start the fourth quarter, even though he played the entire third, and he continued to work over Kanter, who had an otherwise good game with team highs of 17 points and 12 rebounds. Griffin made a couple complex post moves that left Kanter standing still as he finished with dunks. 
 
 BAD MOVE:   The Clippers played without backup center  Ryan Hollins , who missed the game because of personal reasons. That gave  Byron Mullens  a chance to show what he could do. Unfortunately, he didn't last long, committing two fouls in his first three minutes while also getting stuffed at the rim on his dunk attempt by Kanter. Hollins' absence and Mullens' ineffectiveness is why Griffin was forced to play the entire second half.  
 
 NOTABLE:   The Clippers came in as highest-scoring home team in the NBA (111.9). ... L.A. was outrebounded for the sixth straight game, 45-41, despite three players in double figures in rebounds. 
 
 UP NEXT:   For the Clippers, Monday vs. Phoenix, Wednesday vs. Charlotte, Friday @ Dallas. For the Jazz, Monday vs. Charlotte, Thursday vs. Milwaukee, Friday @ L.A. Lakers.  
