
 Pistons-Hawks notebook   By Jon Cooper, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday November 3, 2010 11:19PM THE FACTS:   Al Horford  scored six straight points to key a late 18-4 run as the Atlanta Hawks moved to 5-0 with a 94-85 victory over the Detroit Pistons Wednesday night at Philips Arena.  Josh Smith  led the Hawks with 22 points and 11 rebounds, while Horford put in 18 and grabbed eight boards.  Ben Gordon  had 22 and  Tayshaun Prince  added 17 for the Pistons, who fell to 0-5. QUOTABLE:  "We're starting to grow. It's a beautiful thing to see, to watch, to be a part of. Knowing where we've come from as a team, as an organization, it's a good feeling." --  Joe Johnson  on the Hawks' start THE STAT:  Atlanta shot 6-for-6 over a 3:54 stretch of the fourth as part of a game-ending 8-for-11 run, undoing a splendid effort by Detroit to that point.  TURNING POINT:  Ironically, in a game in which Detroit dominated the offensive boards, an offensive rebound by  Greg Monroe  turned the tide. On the play, Horford committed a loose-ball foul and Monroe fell on top of  Marvin Williams , forcing the Hawks forward out of the game with a knee injury. After a Prince three on the ensuing possession,  Zaza Pachulia  replaced Williams and the Hawks ratcheted up the defensive intensity. They limited the Pistons to 2-for-9 shooting the rest of the way (one of those was a lay-up by Prince in the closing seconds). QUOTABLE II:  "77 more to go."  -- Zaza Pachulia when asked about being 5-0 HOT:  Pachulia shot 6-for-7 for the game, 4-for-5 in the second half. He came into the game shooting .625 on the season. He's now at .696. The Hawks shot well the entire night, outshooting the Pistons .574 to .400 and actually were trailing at halftime despite shooting .600 from the floor. NOT:  Detroit forward  Austin Daye  came into the game hitting only .333 and left at .294, following a 2-for-12 night. Typical of his frustration was a third-quarter possession where he missed a layup, grabbed the rebound, missed a second attempt, grabbed a second offensive rebound and missed a third attempt FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Monroe was a force on the glass, grabbing a game-high six offensive rebounds and a team-high eight caroms. He also dished out three assists. His shooting wasn't as fantastic, as he converted only 3 of 9 and only 1 of 4 from the foul line. Johnson didn't do his fantasy owners any favors, shooting 5-for-15, only 2-for-7 from three. GOOD MOVE:  Hawks head coach  Larry Drew  inserted Pachulia at center when Williams was hurt. That allowed Horford to move to power forward, his natural position. He was much too quick for the Pistons defenders and too powerful, grabbing three big rebounds as Atlanta pulled away. ROOKIE WATCH:  Monroe was superb. Hawks rookie  Jordan Crawford , got extra minutes replacing injured  Jamal Crawford  and played a career-high 9:04. He also scored his first career NBA points on a 20-foot jumper at the end of the first quarter.  NOTABLE:  Williams grabbed his 2,000th career rebound with 6:32 remaining in the first quarter. UP NEXT:  For the Hawks, Friday @ Timberwolves, Saturday vs. Suns, Monday @ Orlando. For The Pistons, Friday vs. Charlotte, Sunday vs. Golden State, Tuesday @ Trail Blazers. 
