  Wizards-Spurs notebook   By Tim Price, for NBA.com Posted Sunday December 26, 2010 10:29PM THE FACTS: Manu Ginobili  scored 21 points on 5-of-7 3-point shooting and Tony Parker added 20 points with a season-high 14 assists as the San Antonio Spurs rebounded from a rare loss with a 94-80 victory over the Washington Wizards on Sunday at AT&T Center.  John Wall  made his return for the Wizards (7-21) after missing five games with a right knee bruise, but his four points in less than 20 minutes showed his rust. San Antonio, still a league-best 26-4 after losing two nights ago in Orlando, is set for a Western Conference showdown with the Lakers on Tuesday. QUOTABLE:  "We talked about it this morning at shoot around -- make sure we respect (Washington) and prepare for the Lakers. We played well tonight. We moved the ball and made some open shots."    -- Parker THE STAT:  The Spurs starting backcourt (Ginobili and Parker) plus first off the bench ( George Hill)  outscored Washington's backcourt ( Kirk Hinrich, Nick Young  and Wall) 52-29. The Spurs guards shot 19-of-31 (8-of-11 from 3-point territory), had 17 assists and five turnovers to the Wizards guards 14-of-38 (1-of-4 from long distance), 12 assists and 10 turnovers. TURNING POINT : San Antonio did not shoot a free throw in the first half and led 57-54 with 6:45 left in the third quarter. The Spurs went the next 5 1/2 minutes shooting 6-of-8 from the floor. That included a pair of and-one free throws -- the Spurs hit 8-of-10 foul shots to finish the quarter ahead 81-65. QUOTABLE II:  "You can see John (Wall) is a little rusty. It's going to take us some time to get him back in the fold. But (the Spurs) are a good team. They make shots. They makes threes."    -- Wizards coach  Flip Saunders HOT:  Ginobili hit his first three shots -- all 3-pointers -- as San Antonio was 5-of-6 on 3-pointers overall to start the game. His 5-of-7 from long range marks the first time he's exceeded 50 percent on 3-pointers since six games back (2-of-3 against Milwaukee). It broke him out of a cold snap since the past five games he's shot 22-of-61 (36 percent) from the floor. NOT:  Young played 36 minutes and took 19 shots, but he missed 14 of them. He failed to get to the foul line. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Parker had his 10th assist 1 1/2 minutes into the second half. His 14 assists fell one short of a career high. He hasn't had double-digit assists since a month ago, but he's had nine-assists nights five times since then. He's had 11-straight games with double-digit scoring, including one game of 37. INSIDE THE ARENA:   Elvin Hayes , a standout in Washington Bullets/Wizards franchise history, took in the game and will be given a lift back to his home in Houston by the Wizards (they play the Rockets Monday night). Members of both the Arizona Wildcats and Oklahoma State Cowboys football teams sat in adjoining upper-deck sections. The teams will play in the Valero Alamo Bowl on Wednesday at the Alamodome. GOOD MOVE:  Hill has missed the last four games with a right big toe sprain, and even though his 16 minutes was his lowest since a blowout win over New Orleans on Dec. 5, he got in the game in the first break for substitutions 8 1/2 minutes into the game. Seeing familiar faces, he hit his first two shots including a three. He finished with 11 points, and his four foul shots was most on the team tonight. BAD MOVE:  Perhaps there was no good way to get Wall back on the floor after the time away because of injury, but he appeared to never get comfortable. He was 2-of-9 and otherwise showed a lot of fours on his line in the box score: four points, four assists, four fouls and four turnovers in 19 minutes. ROOKIE WATCH:  Other than Wall,  Kevin Seraphin  played nine minutes for Washington and committed four fouls.  Gary Neal  scored nine points for the Spurs but missed all five 3-pointers on a night when the rest of the team went 10-of-19. NOTABLE:  The Spurs have not lost consecutive games this season. The Spurs had 13 assists on their first 14 baskets (Parker had six of them). Hinrich started 5-of-5 from the floor. Hilton Armstrong suffered a right mid-foot sprain and is out indefinitely. The Wizards are 0-14 this season on the road. UP NEXT:  For the Wizards, Monday @ Houston, Wednesday vs. Indiana, Friday @ Indiana. For the Spurs, Tuesday vs. Lakers, Thursday @ Dallas, Saturday vs. Oklahoma City.  