  Notebook: Warriors 111, Mavericks 87 Posted Sunday March 11, 2012 3:13AM By Eric Gilmore, for NBA.com THE FACTS: David Lee  scored 25 points,  Nate Robinson  had 21 off the bench and  Monta Ellis  added 20 as the Golden State Warriors ran past the Dallas Mavericks 111-87 on Saturday night. Playing for the third consecutive night and for the ninth time in 12 days, the defending NBA champion Mavericks ran out of gas against a Warriors team that hadn't played since Wednesday. Dirk Nowitzki  led the Mavericks with 22 points, while  Jason Terry , playing in his 1,000th career NBA regular-season game, scored 15. The Mavericks lost their third straight game and eighth in their past 10. They fell for the seventh consecutive time on the road. Warriors point guard  Stephen Curry  returned to the starting lineup for the first time since spraining a tendon in his right foot on Feb. 22 -- he came off the bench the previous two games -- but suffered what the Warriors called a mild right ankle sprain with just 6:59 left in the third quarter. Before hurting the tendon, Curry had been plagued by a sprained ankle this season. He is considered day-to-day, and Warriors coach  Mark Jackson  said he could have gone back into the game. The Warriors' 24-point margin of victory was their largest of the season. QUOTABLE:  "I just tried to come out and be aggressive. I took a lot of responsibility for the last game, our first unit not coming out and playing the way we should have. Tonight I just tried to be aggressive coming out, and our team did a great job getting stops, and we got the lead early."    -- David Lee on scoring 25 points, three days after scoring just 11 in a loss to Memphis THE STAT:  The Warriors 54.1 percent from the field to just 37.3 for Dallas. Golden State hit 40 of 74 field goal attempts. Dallas was 28-for-75. TURNING POINT:  The Warriors closed out the third period on a 14-6 run, building a convincing 83-66 lead entering the fourth. Robinson, who came off the bench for an injured Curry, hit a pair of 3-pointers and scored 10 points during the spurt. QUOTABLE II:  "We're just not playing well enough to win games. The chemistry is not there right now. But it will pick up. It's a veteran team."    -- Mavericks forward  Lamar Odom HOT:  After he scored 11 points in Golden State's 110-92 loss Wednesday to Memphis, Lee, via Twitter, apologized to Warriors fans for his and his team's performance. In the first quarter, he scored 13 points and grabbed four rebounds. He scored 21 points and grabbed six rebounds in the first half, going 9-for-13 from the field. For the game, he shot 10-for-16 and had nine rebounds. NOT:  Mavericks guard  Vince Carter , coming off a scoreless night against Sacramento, was out of the starting lineup and scored just seven points on 2-for-9 shooting. He has finished in single-digit points five of the past six games. NOTABLE:  Mavericks starting guard  Jason Kidd  got the night off to rest his body after the heavy recent work load. ... Dallas center  Brendan Haywood  (sprained left ankle) missed his fourth straight game. ... Warriors center  Ekpe Udoh  had two blocks and extended his streak of games with at least one block to 15. ... The Mavericks fell to 8-13 on the road this season. ... Dallas is now 11-5 against Golden State since falling to the Warriors in the 2007 playoffs. ... Warriors center  Andris Biedrins  was healthy but did not play. Jackson said it was because he did not match up well against Dallas' smaller lineup. UP NEXT:  For the Warriors, Sunday @ L.A. Clippers, Tuesday @ Sacramento, Wednesday vs. Boston. For the Mavericks, Tuesday vs. Washington, Thursday vs. Charlotte, Saturday vs. San Antonio.  