  Nuggets-Celtics notebook   By Brian Robb, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday December 8, 2010 10:51PM THE FACTS:  The Boston Celtics cruised to their eighth straight victory with a 105-89 victory over the shorthanded Denver Nuggets.  Ray Allen  turned in a terrific shooting night, hitting nine of his 14 shots for 28 points, while  Kevin Garnett  and  Paul Pierce  each chipped in with 17 points. The Nuggets played without leading scorer  Carmelo Anthony , who was a late scratch with an inflamed right knee.  Ty Lawson  led Denver in his absence with a season-high 24 points off the bench. QUOTABLE:  "I just believe people expect it from me. I've done this many times. I do my job every night. The credit for me is raising a championship at the end."   -- Ray Allen on his exceptional play falling under the radar THE STAT:  Despite shooting 63 percent in the first 24 minutes, Boston led by just seven points at halftime, squandering much of their 19-point first quarter lead. Lawson and  J.R. Smith  led the charge, combining for 25 points in the first half. TURNING POINT:  After some subpar play in the second quarter which enabled the Nuggets to get back in the game, Celtic reserves  Glen Davis  and  Nate Robinson  stepped up in the middle of the final frame, scoring eight consecutive points for Boston to extend the team's lead to 20. QUOTABLE II:  "I think the majority of the mindset is defense. I can really truthfully say that, that's been the premise of what we want to go out and do. And we've been effective in not just 24 minutes but for 47. I think Doc put us back into that mentality."   -- Kevin Garnett on his team's defensive effort HOT:  Allen came out firing, hitting four of his first six shots, including three from downtown, resulting in 12 early points for the veteran. The scoring outburst helped Boston opened up a double-digit lead just three minutes after the opening tip. NOT:  Nuggets point guard  Chauncey Billups  continued his struggles, putting together one of his worst outings of the year. The 13-year pro hit just two of his ten field goals, and missed both his free throw attempts to score just five points on the evening. He is shooting a career low 35.8 percent from the field through 21 games. QUOTABLE III:  "I went up to him as a man, and what I said is that I had nothing personal toward him nor any other cancer patient that are out there struggling with life situations. I wanted to say that to him, man to man."    -- Kevin Garnett on his conversation with  George Karl , a cancer survivor, after the game  FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Garnett continued to regain his pre-knee surgery form, hitting eight of his nine shots while grabbing nine rebounds to fall one board short of his 10th double-double of the year. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Patriots wide receiver  Deion Branch  took in the game while sitting courtside at TD Garden. ROOKIE WATCH:  Nuggets forward  Gary Forbes  earned the start in place of the injured Anthony. The UMass product posted four points in 15 minutes of action. Celtics center  Semih Erden  made the most of his limited playing time hitting both of his shots in 12 minutes off the bench. NOTABLE:  Anthony is considered day-to-day. Rondo left the game briefly in the third quarter after he aggravated his tender right hamstring. He returned moments later, after stretching it out on the sideline. Both teams combined for just nine offensive rebounds. Denver scored only 28 points in the paint. Davis drew three charges, bringing his season total up to 24 taken on the year. The LSU product also finished with 16 points. Nene drew a technical foul in the fourth quarter after a dustup with Davis. Karl fell short of his 1,000th career win for the second straight night. UP NEXT:  For the Nuggets, Friday @ Toronto, Sunday @ New York, Tuesday vs. Orlando. For the Celtics, Thursday @ Philadelphia, Saturday @ Charlotte, Wednesday @ New York.  