  Notebook: Clippers 95, Rockets 91 Posted Saturday March 17, 2012 7:44PM By Dan Arritt, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Up against a team without its leading scorer and just nine healthy players available, including one who was called up from the D-League earlier Saturday, the Clippers still made things difficult for themselves on Saturday. L.A. finally got in gear after trailing by six with just under three minutes remaining, rallying to beat the Rockets, 95-91, at Staples Center. QUOTABLE:  "We got stops when we needed to. We really showed what we are like when we push the tempo. That's how it was, we got stops and we got out in transition."   -- Clippers guard  Chris Paul . THE STAT:  Paul didn't score his first points until hitting a 20-footer with 1:36 remaining in the first half. He sensed he'd have to take over down the stretch, however, scoring 10 consecutive points to bring the Clippers back from the six-point deficit. He also won a jump ball against  Luis Scola , despite giving away nine inches. Paul finished with 23 points, five assists and matched his season-high with five steals. TURNING POINT:  The Rockets found success going inside to  Patrick Patterson  down the stretch. After he made two straight baskets while guarded by  Blake Griffin , Patterson was then forced into a tough 14-foot fall-away from the baseline and missed with 34 seconds remaining.  Randy Foye  collected the rebound and passed to Paul, who drove into the open lane for a layup and a 91-89 lead with 24.6 seconds remaining. Paul then stole a pass from Houston guard  Goran Dragic  as he tried to dish off on a drive and Foye was fouled on the fast break, leading to two more free throws and a four-point lead. Paul scored his final two points at the line with 3.6 seconds left, pushing the lead back to four points. HOT:  With the starting backcourt of  Kyle Lowry  (bacterial infection) and  Kevin Martin  (strained right shoulder) sidelined, the Rockets started  Courtney Lee  and Dragic for the third straight game. Lee responded with a season-high 25 points on 9-for-14 shooting. Dragic posted a career-high 14 assists to go with 11 points and two steals. NOT:  The player that really needed to step up for the Rockets took a step back. Scola finished with 10 points on 4-for-14 shooting after averaging 17.2 points in the previous 10 games since the All-Star break. Leading by four points with 2:14 remaining, he lost the ball to Paul and then lost the jump ball. After the Clippers cut the deficit to two points on the ensuing possession, Scola missed a wide open 18-footer from the baseline with 1:44 left. Paul then tied the score at the free-throw line nine seconds later and the decisive run continued. GOOD MOVE:  Clippers guard  Chauncey Billups , who suffered a season-ending torn Achilles tendon on Feb. 15, was back on the bench for the first time since the injury and took a seat next to the coaching staff. His presence may have helped the Clippers avoid another embarrassing loss. They fell to the short-handed Suns on Thursday night after leading by 12 points early in the fourth quarter. QUOTABLE II:  "[Billups] is a big part of our team, even if he's hurt and on the bench. We can still learn from him and use his wisdom and experience."   -- Griffin BAD MOVE:  Foye, soon to lose his starting job when  Nick Young  is cleared following his trade from the Wizards on Thursday, took as many shots in the first half (11) as Paul and Griffin combined. NOTABLE:  The Clippers improved to 2-5 in the last seven games decided by four points or less, and 18-4 when holding the opponent to under 96 points ... One of just three teams in the NBA averaging less than 14 turnovers, the Clippers had 11 against the Rockets, including just two in the second half ... In the previous four games, the Rockets shot 50 percent from 3-point territory but were held to 30 percent (6-for-20) against the Clippers ... Paul has now recorded at least one steal in 47 straight games dating back to last season, the longest active streak in the NBA ... After he was called up from the D-League earlier Saturday, the Rockets did not have time to put the last name on the jersey of backup point guard  Courtney Fortson . He played just over a minute and committed two turnovers. Fortson played for the Clippers earlier this season when Paul was out with a hamstring injury. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Sunday vs. Detroit, Tuesday @ Indiana, Wednesday @ Oklahoma City. For the Rockets, Sunday @ Phoenix, Tuesday vs. L.A. Lakers, Thursday vs. Golden State.  