  Mavericks-Timberwolves notebook   By Jim Beilby, for NBA.com Posted Monday March 7, 2011 11:44PM THE FACTS:  You could hardly blame the Dallas Mavericks for looking past their game against the woeful Minnesota Timberwolves to upcoming games against the Hornets, Knicks, and Lakers. Dallas had won 18 of its last 20 games and had not lost in Minnesota since Jan. 4, 2006. While Minnesota kept it interesting throughout the game and even led by 11 in the second quarter, ultimately Dallas had too much firepower in its 108-105 win.  Dirk Nowitzki  led all scorers with 25 points, but he only played 29 minutes due to foul trouble. It was the little-used backup  Brian Cardinal  that came in for Dirk and provided a spark. He had 12 points on 4-for-8 shooting from beyond the arc and made a big difference with his physical play and tough defense. QUOTABLE:  "Without (Brian) Cardinal, I don't think we would have won the game. His activity, rebounds, deflections, shotmaking really turned the game around. Because we were down and we won the second quarter and that wouldn't have happened if he wasn't in there. ... I don't remember the last time he has played significant minutes, so to keep himself ready for this kind of situation and go in their and hit four threes and make plays defensively and play they heck out of the game, it says what kind of pro he is."   -- Dallas coach  Rick Carlisle THE STAT:  Minnesota lost by three points and missed 10 free throws.  Michael Beasley  missed five free throws himself. TURNING POINT:  The Wolves went on a 15-0 run late in the third quarter and built a 10-point lead, 80-70. Nowitzki responded with a 3-pointer to close the third quarter and the Mavericks tied the game, scoring on each of the first three possessions of the fourth quarter. From that point on, Dallas kept it close enough to do what it needed at the end to get the victory. NOTABLE:  With 23 points and 17 rebounds,  Kevin Love  tied a 32-year-old NBA record with his 51st straight double-double. He tied the record with a 3-point shot with 7:35 to play in the third quarter and received a standing ovation from the Target Center crowd.  Moses Malone  had 51 straight double-doubles from Dec. 29, 1978 to Oct. 19, 1979. This is the longest streak since the NBA-ABA merger in 1976. UP NEXT:  For the Wolves, Wednesday vs. Indiana, Friday vs. Utah, Sunday @ Golden State. For the Mavericks, Wednesday @ New Orleans, Thursday vs. New York, Saturday vs. L.A. Lakers.  