  Bobcats-Celtics notebook   By Brian Robb, for NBA.com Posted Friday March 25, 2011 11:34PM THE FACTS:  The Charlotte Bobcats rallied from a 13-point fourth quarter deficit and held off a late charge for an 83-81 win over the Boston Celtics.  Ray Allen  and  Kevin Garnett  had opportunities to close the two-point deficit on the game's final possession, but both All-Stars bricked their wide-open three-point opportunities.  D.J. White  had a career-high 17 points for the Bobcats in the hard fought win, as Charlotte became the first Eastern Conference opponent to win at the TD Garden during the 2010-11 season.  Paul Pierce  led the struggling Celtics with 18 points. QUOTABLE:  "The way we're playing shocks me. Our attitude, shocks me. We're just not ready to win any games right now the way we play."  --  Boston coach  Doc Rivers. THE STAT:  The Bobcats could not find the bottom of the net in the early stages of this contest. They hit just one of their first 12 field goals to start the game and scored a mere 4 points over the opening seven minutes, before clawing their way back into the game. TURNING POINT:  Trailing by 11 with under eight minutes remaining, the Bobcats stormed out to a 16-0 run behind suffocating defense and the emerging play of young point guard  D.J. Augustin  who tallied seven points over the stretch. QUOTABLE II:  "I thought the play of the game was his block, then he came down the other end and made a shot. I thought those were two really huge plays."  --  Charlotte coach  Paul Silas  on  Dante Cunningham  who hit the game-winning jumper. HOT:  Allen -- The sharpshooter posted 10 points in the first quarter, including going a perfect 2-of-2 from beyond the arc. NOT: Dominic McGuire.  With  Stephen Jackson  sidelined, McGuire earned a spot start and did little offensively to assist the Bobcats in their upset at the TD Garden. McGuire missed eight of his nine shots from the field, but did manage to grab seven rebounds and dish out three assists in the victory. QUOTABLE III:  "Our defense really broke down in the 4th quarter. Regardless of how our offense is going, we should be able to pull together a defensive run and hold this team off, especially when we're up by 10 late in the game."  --  Pierce. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  White. The trade deadline acquisition had his best game in a Charlotte uniform, hitting 7-of-10 field goals during his career night. The 6'9'' forward also grabbed six rebounds and helped keep the Bobcats in the game early despite their shooting woe. With plenty of minutes available in Charlotte thanks to the team's numerous injuries, look for White to see consistent playing time over the rest of the season. NOTABLE:  Jackson, the Bobcats leading scorer, did not play with a sprained hamstring. He could be shut down for the remainder of the season, according to Silas.  Tyrus Thomas  also did not play for Charlotte due to bruised ribs. He remains day-to-day. The Celtics only dressed 11 players, with  Troy Murphy  out with a sprained ankle. With the loss, Boston kept a game of Chicago for the top seed in the Eastern Conference. Charlotte climbed within two games out of the final playoff spot in the East with the victory, after Indiana lost at home to Sacramento Friday night. The Celtics fell to two games behind the Chicago Bulls for the top seed in the Eastern Conference. Boston had just 15 assists, their third lowest total in a game this season. The two teams combined for 34 turnovers. Charlotte made just 1-of-11 three-pointers.  Delonte West  admitted after the game to re-aggravating his right ankle sprain during practice on Thursday, and it affected his shooting (1-of-6) during the contest. The hybrid guard vowed not to miss any future games due to the injury. The Bobcats outscored the C's 30-15 in the 4th quarter. UP NEXT:  For the Bobcats, Saturday @ New York, Monday vs. Milwaukee, Wednesday vs. Cleveland. For the Celtics, Sunday @ Minnesota, Monday @ Indiana., Thursday @ San Antonio.  