Notebook: Wizards 98, Cavaliers 91 
 
 
 Brian Dulik, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Nov 20, 2013 11:29 PM - Updated Wed Nov 20, 2013 11:29 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Wizards built a 27-point lead midway the third quarter and held on for a road win over the Cavaliers. 
 
 THE LEAD:  Shooting guard  Bradley Beal  buried six 3-pointers and scored 26 points as the Washington Wizards posted a 98-91 victory over the Cleveland Cavaliers. Wizards power forward  Nene  added 24 points and eight rebounds, while point guard  John Wall  had 15 points, nine assists and four steals. All-Star point guard  Kyrie Irving  scored 18 of his game-high 28 points in the fourth quarter for the Cavaliers, who also received 14 points and 11 boards off the bench from center  Anderson Varejao . Washington has won two straight games after dropping four in a row. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "The easiest thing to do is relax when you're up by 27 points. They made us pay for that, but we nipped it in the bud and took care of business. This is another step for us in the maturation process." --  Wizards small forward  Martell Webster. 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Washington's starting lineup outscored its Cavaliers counterparts 74-17 over the first three quarters. Irving was the only Cleveland starter to make more than one basket in the entire game, while center  Andrew Bynum , power forward  Tristan Thompson , small forward  Earl Clark , and shooting guard  C.J. Miles  combined to shoot 2-for-15 and score seven points with nine turnovers. "We don't play hard enough," Cavaliers point guard  Jarrett Jack  said. "It's the effort, the one thing we can control." 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Wall drove right past Bynum for a dunk with 6:36 left in the third, giving the Wizards their largest lead at 73-46. The Cavaliers were booed off the court as coach  Mike Brown  called a timeout -- and subbed out his entire lineup. Varejao, Australian rookie point guard  Matthew Dellavedova , and center  Henry Sims  promptly played with the intensity that had been missing. Cleveland would pull within four points thrice in the fourth quarter before Washington iced the win at the foul line. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We didn't compete. We had one guy that competed the entire time he was on the floor. That's Matthew Dellavedova. I've got to find guys that are going to give it to me. It's as simple as that. We didn't play hard." --  Cavaliers coach Brown. 
 
 
 HOT:  The Wizards went 14-for-14 at the foul line. ... Beal made his first six 3-point attempts and collected eight assists and seven rebounds. ... Nene tied his season best with six assists. ... Washington center  Jan Vesely  grabbed a team-high tying eight boards off the bench. ... Irving established Cavaliers season highs with 18 points in the fourth quarter and 24 points in the second half. ... Varejao netted his second double-double of the season. ... Dellavedova scored a career-high nine points. ... Sims rung up six points and five rebounds in seven minutes. 
 
 NOT : Cavaliers shooting guard  Dion Waiters  missed 11 of his first 12 field goal attempts, then was called for traveling in the final minute. ... Miles suffered a right calf strain 152 seconds into the first quarter and did not return. ... Bynum had two points, one rebound, and no blocked shots in 13 lethargic minutes. ... Thompson shot 0-for-5 from the field with a pair of turnovers. ... Cleveland committed 16 turnovers that cost it 21 points. ... Wizards point guard  Eric Maynor  failed to score or notch an assist in seven minutes while filling in for Wall. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "(Being booed at home) doesn't faze me. They're the best fans in the world. Whether they boo or cheer us, we know they're here for us every game. We appreciate their support and want to reward it." --  Irving. 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Brown did not rule out sending rookie power forward  Anthony Bennet t  to the NBA D-League. The No. 1 overall pick was a "Did Not Play -- Coach's Decision" in the previous two games before playing six scoreless minutes in the fourth quarter. Bennett was lustily booed when he airballed a 3-pointer, then heard more Bronx cheers after missing a layup to finish 0-for-2. On the season, the former Nevada-Las Vegas standout is shooting 5-for-37 (.135) on field goal attempts. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  The Cavaliers put forth such little effort on defense, they didn't send Washington to the foul line in the first 20:45. Wall attempted the Wizards' lone first-half free throw with 3:15 left in the second quarter. Further illustrating Cleveland's lack of intensity on that end of the floor, it did not block a shot in the game. "We had to make them uncomfortable (offensively) from the start of the game, not from the end of the third quarter," Irving said. "We have to do better than that." 
 
 NOTABLE:  Washington earned wins on back-to-back nights for the first time this season. The Wizards edged Minnesota 104-100 at home Tuesday. "That's how you get in position to make the playoffs, winning back-to-back games," Washington coach  Randy Wittman  said. "You're tired, you get in late, but you give that effort from the start." ... The Wizards only dressed 11 players as small forward  Trevor Ariza  (right hamstring strain) and power forward  Al Harrington  (right knee soreness) were unable to play. Rookie small forward  Otto Porter  (right hip flexor) and power forward  Chris Singleton  (left foot Jones fracture) are out with long-term injuries. ... Center  Tyler Zelle r (right ankle sprain) and rookie shooting guard  Carrick Felix  were inactive for the Cavaliers.  
 
 UP NEXT : For the Wizards, Friday @ Toronto, Saturday vs. New York, Tuesday vs. L.A. Lakers. For the Cavaliers, Friday @ New Orleans, Saturday @ San Antonio, Nov. 27 vs. Miami. 
