  Notebook: Bobcats 107, Raptors 103 Posted Saturday March 17, 2012 11:19PM Derek. S. Smith, for NBA.com THE FACTS: Gerald Henderson  scored a team-best 24 points as the Charlotte Bobcats rallied from a ten-point halftime deficit to defeat the Toronto Raptors 107-103 Saturday night at Time Warner Cable Arena.  Jerryd Bayless  led Toronto with a game-high 29 points. QUOTABLE:  "My teammates worked hard out there and they found me. It's easy when you're open to hit the shots. We had a tough start to the season but we are getting better."  - - Charlotte guard Gerald Henderson THE STAT:  31-34. The Bobcats took advantage of their opportunities at the free throw line Saturday, hitting 31 of its 34 free throw attempts.  D.J. Augustin ,  Corey Maggette  and  Gerald Henderson  combined to be 23-of-23 from the charity stripe. The Raptors attempted just 24 free throws. Toronto was whistled for 36 fouls on the night compared to just 21 for Charlotte. TURNING POINT:  Charlotte took the lead for the first time during an 11-0 run in the third quarter. Henderson got things started for the Bobcats with an 18-foot jumper and Augustin scored two of his 12 third-quarter points on a pair of free throws two and a half minutes later to give Charlotte a 61-57 lead. Charlotte outscored Toronto 38-14 for the quarter. QUOTABLE II:  "We started off sluggish, but man it seems like we didn't miss there for a while. These guys really stepped up. We did a great job executing."  - - Charlotte assistant coach  Stephen Silas HOT:  Maggette scored 21 points, topping the 20-point plateau for the sixth time in nine games. He is averaging 19.1 points per game during the nine-game stretch. It was his 17th time scoring in double figures in the last 18 games. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Bayless scored 29 points a night after netting 28 against Memphis. The Raptors guard has scored 20 or more in three of the last four games and is averaging 21.8 points over his last five which coincides with his insertion into the Toronto starting lineup. INSIDE THE ARENA:  In honor of St. Patrick's Day Charlotte guard  Kemba Walker  wore a special pair of shoes which were green with yellow trim ... Time Warner Cable Arena was evacuated just as fans were being let into the building due to a malfunctioning ventilation fan. Guests and employees were let back in the building about 75 minutes before tip-off. ROOKIE WATCH: Bismack Biyombo  continued his strong play for the Bobcats. The rookie was again in the starting lineup and finished with nine points and nine rebounds. Charlotte's other rookie, Walker, struggled with just two points on 1-for-7 shooting. NOTABLE: Tyrus Thomas  scored in double figures for second straight game. He went 13 games before that without reaching 10 points ... The Bobcats topped the 100-point plateau for the sixth time this season and are 4-2 when doing so ... Charlotte's 38 points in the third quarter tied the team's season high for points in a quarter ... Charlotte had three players score 20 points or more for the third time this season ... Augustin scored 23 points and handed out 11 assists, recording his fourth double-double of the season ... Toronto's 24 turnovers marked the most forced by the Bobcats this season ...  Jose Calderon  was out of the lineup again for Toronto. He has missed five straight with a sprained right ankle ...  Linas Kleiza  was in double figures for the first time in four games with 13 ... Toronto is now 2-11 when allowing 100 or more points and 0-5 when giving up 50% or better shooting as a defense. UP NEXT:  For the Raptors, Tuesday @ New York, Wednesday vs. Chicago and Friday vs. New York. For the Bobcats, Monday vs. Philadelphia, Friday vs. Milwaukee and Saturday @ New Jersey.  