  Notebook: Trail Blazers 107, Lakers 96   By Kerry Eggers, for NBA.com Posted Friday January 6, 2012 1:33AM THE FACTS:  Forwards  Gerald Wallace  and  LaMarcus Aldridge  combined for 59 points as the Trail Blazers (5-1) beat the Lakers for the 11th time in the last 13 meetings at the Rose Garden. Portland outscored L.A. 32-18 in the third quarter.  Kobe Bryant  led the Lakers (4-4) with 30 points and eight rebounds while  Andrew Bynum  had 21 points, 12 boards and three blocks. QUOTABLE:  "This was a great team effort. [The Lakers] came out running -- we're not used to seeing a Laker team like that -- but our defense settled down in the second half, we were able to get some stops, get out into transition and force them into our style of play."    -- Blazers' Gerald Wallace. THE STAT:  The Lakers went 0-for-11 from 3-point range, the first time they haven't hit at least one trey in a game since November 2003. Also: Portland had a season-low four turnovers after committing 25 in its last home game against Denver. TURNING POINT:  The score was 66-66 midway through the third quarter when Wallace scored back-to-back baskets, including a resounding dunk on a run-out, to key a 10-0 Portland surge. QUOTABLE II:  "Give Portland credit. [The Blazers] played a heck of a game. They came out the second half and pushed the pace, and we kind of came apart."    -- Lakers coach  Mike Brown . HOT:  The Lakers hit 10 of their first 11 shots -- and still led only 20-19. NOT:  The Laker bench was a collective 5-for-24 from the field. QUOTABLE III:  "That's his game. You have to let Gerald go and allow him the freedom to play. His hustle, his energy -- we feed off of that. We've been good when he's played like that."    -- Blazers coach  Nate McMillan  on Wallace's season-high 31 points. INSIDE THE ARENA:   Kenjon Barner , running back for the Rose Bowl champion Oregon Ducks, sat courtside next to the Lakers' bench. GOOD MOVE:  McMillan used small forward Wallace to defend Bryant much of the game. Bryant got his points, but had to work for them. BAD MOVE:  The Blazers got their first points of the game on an "own" goal when Bynum and  Matt Barnes , fighting for a rebound, tipped the ball in at the Portland basket. NOTABLE:  Portland fans at home waiting for the TNT telecast missed the entire first half. The Miami-Atlanta game -- opener for the network's doubleheader -- went into triple overtime. UP NEXT:  For the Blazers, at Phoenix Friday, Cleveland Sunday, L.A. Clippers Tuesday. For the Lakers, Golden State Friday, Memphis Sunday, Phoenix Tuesday.  