  Kings-Spurs notebook   By Tim Price, for NBA.com Posted Saturday March 12, 2011 12:18AM THE FACTS:   Tony Parker  scored 27 points and  Manu Ginobili  scored 24, and the San Antonio Spurs defeated Sacramento for the 11th-straight time in a 108-103 victory over the Kings on Friday at AT&T Center. The Spurs (53-12) were playing without  Richard Jefferson , who had the night off due to personal reasons. The Kings (15-48) have lost for the fifth-straight time. QUOTABLE:  "I thought our 'big three' pulled it out for us. They dug down deep. Tony (Parker) carried us in the third quarter, and then Manu (Ginobili) and Timmy (Duncan). Those three guys were great tonight."   --  Spurs coach  Gregg Popovich THE STAT:  It's not often the Spurs bench gets outscored, but the Kings reserves -- on a night when they were without their top two point guards -- finished 59-37 up on the Spurs bench. That made the second half play of San Antonio's "big three" crucial. Parker was 5-of-6 (including a pair of 3-pointers) in the third quarter. Ginobili scored 10 points with a pair of threes in the fourth, and  Tim Duncan  added a fourth quarter with eight points while hitting both shots from the floor and all four of his free throws. TURNING POINT:  Ginobili got a short break in the fourth quarter, but he was back in for good with six minutes to go and the Spurs trailing by three. His 3-pointer less than a minute later tied the game, and he scored a total of nine points and an assist in a 14-2 run over the next 3:15 that helped the Spurs build a 105-93 lead with two minutes left. QUOTABLE II:  "It was an impossible dream for us. We're sitting here talking about how we could have beaten the Spurs on their home court -- maybe we could have. We took it right down to the wire."   --  Kings coach  Paul Westphal HOT:  Ginobili hit 7-of-8 free throws, and his .865 percentage is not too far off from his career best of .884 two seasons ago. NOT:   Luther Head  has started two games in place of  Beno Udrih  at the point for the Kings, and he had one assist tonight and four Wednesday. Sacramento had 13 assists on their first 16 baskets, yet the offense wasn't going through Head. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Parker had 27 points and six assists. Since returning from his two-game absence because of the strained calf muscle, his production has increased in almost every game starting with a 15-point, eight-assist night against Miami and a 23-point, seven-assist game versus Detroit. INSIDE THE ARENA:  There was a moment of silence observed prior to tipoff to honor the victims of the earthquake and tsunami in Japan. A bat flew through the arena and buzzed the court during action before being shooed away by Sacramento's bench and into the seats where it was captured by an usher. Unlike last season, Ginobili didn't take a swat at it. GOOD MOVE:  Putting  Antonio McDyess  back into the Spurs starting lineup the past two games has brought back the dynamic of  DeJuan Blair  coming off the bench. He had 14 points (his best effort in four games) and six rebounds. BAD MOVE:   Jermaine Taylor  took the offensive load for the Kings midway through the fourth quarter by hitting a 3-pointer and a pair of layups to put the Kings ahead by three with 5 ½ minutes to go. Then Ginobili came in, and Taylor was expected to stay with him. He didn't, and Ginobili scored the nine points during a 14-2 run that clinched the game. ROOKIE WATCH:  Undrafted  Pooh Jeter  handled the point for Sacramento during crunch time. The 5-11 ball handler went 6-of-11 with four assists and two turnovers. Gary Neal (3-of-7 and 0-of-3 from the 3-point line for six points) failed to score in double figures for the first time in 11 games for the Spurs.  DeMarcus Cousins  was held to 10 points the game following a 29-point effort against  Dwight Howard  and Orlando. NOTABLE:   James Anderson  (the Spurs' first-round pick this season) got his first NBA start in place of Jefferson. Udrih missed his second game for the Kings because of the flu. UP NEXT:  For the Kings, Saturday @ New Orleans, Monday vs.. Golden State, Wednesday vs. Cleveland. For the Spurs, Saturday @ Houston, Monday @ Miami, Friday @ Dallas.  