  Jazz-Blazers notebook   By Kerry Eggers, for NBA.com Posted Friday December 31, 2010 1:32AM THE FACTS: Wesley Matthews  and  LaMarcus Aldridge  combined for 57 points and Marcus Camby cleared the boards for 20 rebounds as Portland beat Utah 100-89 Thursday night at the Rose Garden. It was the second victory for the Trail Blazers (17-16) in four days over the Jazz (22-11). QUOTABLE:  "I'm motivated to go up against anybody. (Facing) Utah is an added bonus, but there's no bad blood there. Everybody wants to play good against his former team."   -  Matthews, after equalling his career high with 30 points against the team for which he played last season. THE STAT:  The difference in the game was turnovers. Utah had 18, which resulted in 26 Portland points. The Blazers committed only nine, which turned into six points for the Jazz. TURNING POINT:  Portland led 85-78 when Utah's Paul Millsap was called for an offensive foul. The Blazers responded with a 10-1 run for a 95-79 lead, and it was over. QUOTABLE II:  "My first question is, why should guys run out of energy because they played last night? I thought we'd have a little more than what we did. We got lost defensively a number of times. When you make mistakes like that, you're going to look tired."    -Utah coach  Jerry Sloan,  whose Jazz beat the Clippers at Staples Center on Wednesday night. HOT:  LaMarcus Aldridge was 10 for 18 from the field and 7 for 8 from the line in his 27-point performance. Over his last eight games, Aldridge is averaging 25.3 points on .549 shooting. NOT:   Patty Mills  has had some nice outings off the bench for Portland, but not Thursday night. The backup point guard was 1 for 7 from the field and had two points in 15 minutes. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT : Against his former team, Wesley Matthews had a colossal performance, matching his career high of 30 points to go with three rebounds, three assists and four steals in 39 minutes. GOOD MOVE:  Utah's  Deron Williams  split a pair of defenders and launched a 60-footer at the end of the first quarter. It banked in. BAD MOVE : Utah's  Ronnie Price  hacked Rudy Fernandez as he drove to the basket early in the fourth quarter. It was Price's sixth foul, earning disqualification in only 17 minutes. ROOKIE WATCH:  Utah's  Gordon Hayward  scored 11 points and had four rebounds in 26 minutes in his second straight start for the injured Andrei Kirilenko. NOTABLE:  The Trail Blazers announced before the game that  Brandon Roy  will be sidelined indefinitely due to sore knees. The three-time All-Star guard, who has had four surgeries on his knees over the years, had missed the previous six games to rest his left knee. Roy said there is no timeline on his return and it's "a possibility" that he may not play again this season. UP NEXT:  For the Blazers, Houston Sunday, at Dallas Tuesday, at Houston Wednesday. For the Jazz, Memphis Saturday, Detroit Monday, Atlanta Wednesday.  