  Notebook: Thunder 115, Kings 89 Posted Friday April 13, 2012 11:28PM By Randy Renner, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The Oklahoma City Thunder started slowly but  Kevin Durant  and his teammates got it rolling in the second quarter and never looked back. Durant finished with 29 points and nine rebounds in leading the Thunder to a 115-89 win over the Sacramento Kings, who have now lost seven straight and eight of their last nine.  Russell Westbrook  added 22,  Derek Fisher  had his best game as a member of the Thunder with 14 points on 6-for-9 shooting and center  Kendrick Perkins  registered a double-double with 11 points and 11 rebounds.  Serge Ibaka , the NBA's leading shot-blocker added seven more rejections. The Thunder starters rode the bench in the fourth quarter as they get ready for the second game of a back-to-back tomorrow night in Minnesota. The Kings were led by rookie guard  Isaiah Thomas , who had 21 points on 8-for-12 shooting.  Marcus Thornton  dropped in 12 points, but they were the only two Kings to score in double figures.  Tyreke Evans  (1-for-5, two points) and  DeMarcus Cousins  (3-for-14, nine points) were non-factors combing to score just 11 points on 4-for-19 shooting. QUOTABLE:  "Our defense got us off to a good start, Kevin and Russ got their shots falling and everybody played well. Everybody has to be 100 percent in on defense and tonight I thought everybody was committed."  --  Thunder head coach  Scott Brooks . THE STAT:  In the decisive second quarter Durant (4-for-6, nine points) and Westbrook (3-for-3, six points) combined to shoot 7-for-9 and score 15 points. Oklahoma City forced seven Kings turnovers and outscored them 14-6 in the paint. TURNING POINT:  The Thunder struggled through a lackluster first quarter and led just 23-21 after the first 12 minutes. The second stanza was all Thunder as Oklahoma City shot 75 percent (15-for-20) and outscored the Kings 35-18 turning a two point squeaker into a 19 point breather at halftime. QUOTABLE II:  "Our defense fueled the run, that second quarter was as good as we can play. Good things happening on defense get our offense going."  --  Brooks. HOT:  Westbrook was 6-for-10 (12 points) and Durant was 7-for-12 (17 points) in the first half...OKC had 30 points in the paint (15-for-25) in the first half...The Thunder shot 75 percent (15-for-20) in the second quarter... NOT:  The Thunder missed their first eight shots...Sacramento didn't start the game much better shooting just 22.2 percent (2-for-9)...Cousins was 2-for-10 in the first half...The Kings shot just 25 percent (5-for-20) in the paint in the first half and scored just 10 points down low... INSIDE THE ARENA:  The sell-out streak continues (54 straight games) but not everyone showed up. Severe weather in the Oklahoma City area convinced a couple hundred or so ticket holders to stay off the roads. GOOD MOVE:  Durant and Westbrook combined one of the best alley-oop dunks of the season in the second quarter. Durant stole a pass and headed back up the court and fired a high pass to a streaking Westbrook. He leapt high and caught the ball way up over his head with one hand and tomahawked it down into the net to bring the crowd to its feet. QUOTABLE III:  "That was one of the most athletic plays I've ever seen. It has to be the dunk of the year. For a 6-foot-3 point guard to be catching lobs like that, that is unreal, man."  --  Thunder forward Durant. BAD MOVE:  Maybe it was all the severe weather in the area, nearby Norman was hit by a tornado a couple hours before tipoff, but the Thunder seemed to be distracted and not focused in at the beginning of the game. They were solid on defense but their shots were way off. OKC fired up three air balls in the first quarter, two of them on the first two shots. NOTABLE:  Thunder sixth man  James Harden  was held out of the game with a sore knee. He's being listed as day-to-day. UP NEXT:  For the Kings, Sunday vs. Portland, Wednesday vs. San Antonio, Friday vs. Oklahoma City. For the Thunder, Saturday @ Minnesota, Monday @ LA Clippers, Wednesday @ Phoenix.  