  Notebook: Wizards 105, Thunder 102   By Rich Dubroff, for NBA.com Posted Thursday January 19, 2012 12:02AM THE FACTS: John Wall  had 25 points,  Nick Young  added 24 and  Jordan Crawford  scored 18 to lead the Washington Wizards to just their second win of the season, 105-102 over the Oklahoma City Thunder. The win ended the Thunder's seven-game winning streak.  Russell Westbrook  had a season-high 36 points and  Kevin Durant  equaled his season high with 33. Oklahoma City is 13-3. Washington, which is still just 2-12, took the lead on Young's 3-pointer with 7:24 to play. Durant missed a game-tying 3-pointer with 1.9 seconds left. QUOTABLE:  "We know we're better than our record. You're still 2-12. You still got a lot to do."   -- Wall on not getting too cocky about the Wizards' win THE STAT:  Westbrook and Durant were a combined 19-for-33 from the field through the first three quarters. In the fourth quarter, they were just 6-for-17. TURNING POINT:  When Oklahoma City coach  Scott Brooks  rested Westbrook and Durant at the start of the fourth quarter, the Wizards began cutting into the Thunder lead, and overtook them just after the two returned. QUOTABLE II:  "It's not the end of the world. We lost to a hungrier team than us. It hurts because we want to win every game."   -- Durant on the rare Oklahoma City loss HOT:  Young was 0-for-5 from the field in the first half and 6-for-12 in the second half. He went 5-for-8 from 3-point range in the third and fourth quarters. NOT:  Durant was just 2-for-10 from the 3-point line. "I still got a wide open look. I just happened not to make it," Durant said of the potential game-tying shot. "It happens. They played harder than us." GOOD MOVE:  Washington coach  Flip Saunders  returned  Andray Blatche  to the starting lineup. He responded with 12 points, 10 rebounds and four assists. BAD MOVE:  Durant and Westbrook were unable to get another teammate involved in the second half. Their teammates combined for just 14 points in the second half. NOTABLE:  The Wizards outrebounded the Thunder 52-43. It was only the second time all season they had more rebounds than their opponent. IN THE ARENA:  Lots of fans booing Blatche. He was hooted during pregame introductions and when he badly missed his first shot, they booed louder. "That was terrible," Blatche joked. "Oh, man. We won, so if they want to do that and we win, I don't care." NEXT:  For the Thunder, Saturday @ New Jersey, Monday vs. Detroit, Wednesday vs. New Orleans. For the Wizards, Friday vs. Denver, Sunday vs. Boston, Monday @ Philadelphia  