  Bulls-Heat notebook   By Kent McDill, for NBA.com Posted Saturday January 15, 2011 11:45PM THE FACTS:  Although the game did not include the emotional factors of  LeBron James  (sprained ankle) and  Joakim Noah  (thumb), it was still a dramatic contest.  Derrick Rose  scored 34 points as the host Chicago Bulls defeated the Miami Heat 99-96 Saturday in the first meeting of the season between the two teams. Miami's  Dwyane Wade  had 33 points, including four 3-pointers.  Kyle Korver  hit a 3-pointer with 25 seconds left to complete the Bulls' victory. The Heat have lost three games in a row after going 21-1 the previous 22 games. THE FACTS II:  The game had some incredible runs. The Bulls went on a 13-4 run at the end of the first quarter to build a 28-19 lead, but the Heat had a 53-48 halftime lead thanks to hot 3-point shooting. The Bulls scored the first 15 points of the third quarter to build a 12-point lead, 65-53, then the Heat went on a 14-2 run to tie the game at 67. QUOTABLE:  "I know if there is a shot needed at the end of the game, I will probably be in the game. I may not shoot it, but I will space the floor and I have to be ready. This has probably been the most frustrating season I have had in my life."    -- Korver, who was shooting only 41.5 percent from the field before going three for six Saturday. THE STAT:  Wade had a weird game. He scored 10 points in the first quarter and 11 in the second quarter to finish the half with 21 points, then did not score in the third quarter, playing only four minutes because of foul trouble. In the fourth quarter, he went five for eight, made three 3-pointers, but made only three of six free throw attempts. THE STAT II:  The Heat were six for six from 3-point range in the second quarter on the way to a 53-48 halftime lead. Their last nine points came from 3-pointers ( Eddie House ,  Mike Miller , Wade) in the final minute of the half. TURNING POINT:  With the Heat leading 96-95 with about 30 seconds left, Rose tried to float a shot while double-covered,  Carlos Boozer  failed to tip it in off the rim, then the ball got slapped out to Korver, who flipped the ball over the head of a Miami player, corralled it and buried the three-pointer. HOT:  House made five of seven shots, including three 3-pointers, to add 13 points to the Heat total. NOT: Chris Bosh  had 17 points but was seven for 18 from the floor. He left the game early in the fourth quarter with an apparent ankle injury. QUOTABLE II:  "I talked about it before the game - two hard-nosed, tough-minded teams, it will probably come down to balls in the air or balls on the ground. The game was decided with balls in the air."    -- Miami coach  Erik Spoelstra . The Bulls scored 25 second-chance points to 10 for the Heat, and had six steals to two for the Heat. INSIDE THE ARENA:  In the absence of James, Wade was the designated villain after a summer in which he courted the interest of the Bulls before deciding to stay with Miami. He was booed every time he touched the ball, and many fans cheered when he hit the floor hard and stayed down after a shoulder-to-shoulder collision with Bulls center  Kurt Thomas . GOOD MOVE:  Bulls coach  Tom Thibodeau  prefers a defensive lineup late but put Korver in the game for  Ronnie Brewer  with 4:37 left and the Bulls up by two, 86-84. After Wade gave the Heat their last lead at 96-95 with a 3-pointer with 51 seconds left, Korver was still in the game to hit the game-winner with 26 seconds left. NOTABLE:  The Heat play only three games in the next 12 days. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, at Memphis Monday, vs. Charlotte Tuesday, vs. Dallas Thursday. For the Heat, vs. Atlanta Tuesday, vs. Toronto Saturday, at New York Jan. 27.  