Notebook: Pistons 92, Bobcats 91 
 
 
 Derek S. Smith, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Mar 24, 2013 12:36 AM - Updated Sun Mar 24, 2013 12:36 AM 
 
 THE FACTS: Charlie Villanueva  scored 15 of his team-best 18 points in the fourth quarter to lead the Detroit Pistons to a 92-91 come-from-behind victory over the Charlotte Bobcats at Time Warner Cable Arena. The win snapped a 10-game losing streak for the Pistons.  Kemba Walker  scored a game-high 25 points for the Bobcats who saw their season-high two-game win streak come to an end.  
 
 QUOTABLE: " We needed this just to break the streak. We worked really hard together out there. It's all about confidence for us. Tonight we had that and we were able to get a big stop to end it too." --  Detroit guard  Rodney Stuckey. 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Pistons used the bench to their advantage Saturday night. Detroit got all 23 of its fourth-quarter points from the reserves. For the game, the Pistons bench outscored Charlotte's 45-24. Villanueva had 18 while Stuckey added 13 and also dished out eight assists.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  Detroit coach  Lawrence Frank  with the hot hand in the fourth quarter and it proved quite effective. The reserves played more than 60 percent of the fourth quarter minutes to pick up the win. The Pistons took the lead and the win with 15.0 seconds to play off an offensive rebound and assist from  Greg Monroe  who founds Villanueva for an easy lay-up.  
 
 HOT:  The Pistons defense set the tone in the fourth quarter. Detroit held Charlotte to just four field goals on 18 attempts (22.2 percent) and held them without a 3-point field goal or assist in the final period. That defense forced five turnovers as well which led to 8 points. 
 
 NOT: Byron Mullens  really cooled off Saturday night. Mullens averaged 18.5 points for Charlotte on its two-game winning streak, but failed to score against Detroit. It's his second game without a point in his last five outings.  
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT: Jannero Pargo  has proved a worthwhile signing for the Bobcats. Pargo is averaging 11.2 points over his last five games. He was signed to a 10-day contract on March 14 and the Bobcats plan to sign him to a second 10-day contract Sunday..  
 
 ROOKIE WATCH: Michael Kidd-Gilchrist  had 11 points, three rebounds, three blocked shots and two assists for Charlotte. It was just his second double-figure game in the last six games.  Jeffery Taylor  had three points in 18 minutes with two rebounds and an assist. For the Pistons,  Kyle Singler  had six points and seven rebounds while  Khris Middleton  had six points and four rebounds.  
 
 NOTABLE:  The Bobcats have fewer victories over the last two seasons (23) that its opponent on Sunday than Sunday opponent Miami has won in a row (25).  Gerald Henderson  scored in double figures for the 11th straight game which is the longest of his career.  Bismack Biyombo  had his fourth double-double of the season with 12 points and 10 rebounds. The Bobcats were 23-of-25 from the free-throw line which was a season high percentage (.920).  Brandon Knight  had 10 points and scored in double figures for the 45th time this season while Stuckey hit double figures for the 38th time this season.  Will Bynum  did not play in the second half due to an injured hand. Detroit had 31 assists on 36 made baskets.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Pistons, Tuesday vs. Minnesota, Friday vs. Toronto, Sunday @ Chicago. For the Bobcats, Sunday @ Miami, Wednesday vs. Orlando, Friday at New York.  
