Notebook: Nuggets 75, Wizards 74 
 
 
 Benjamin Standig, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Mon Dec 09, 2013 11:34 PM - Updated Mon Dec 09, 2013 11:40 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Nuggets finished 4-2 on their six-game road swing and snapped a two-game losing streak to the Wizards. 
 
 THE LEAD: Wilson Chandler  scored 17 points and  Nate Robinson  had 16 as the Denver Nuggets defeated the Washington Wizards 75-74 on Monday night despite scoring their fewest points this season. 
 The Nuggets (13-8) trailed by 12 in the third quarter, committed 22 turnovers and played without leading scorer  Ty Lawson  (hamstring). They stayed close thanks to their Robinson-led bench and a defensive effort that limited the Wizards to 29 points in the second half. 
 
 John Wall  led the Wizards (9-for-11 shooting) with 20 points. Robinson jarred the ball from the Wizards point guard in the final seconds before the driving Wall could attempt a game-winning shot. 
 
 Marcin Gortat  scored 16 and Trevor Booker had 12 points and 12 rebounds for the Wizards, who shot 36 percent and 5 of 24 from 3-point territory. 
 
 QUOTABLE : "We got to make it tough for [Wall]. He's a great scorer and we tried to make everyone else on their team score the ball. It worked. "  --  Robinson on the Cavaliers victory. 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Led by Robinson, the Nuggets bench outscored Washington's 34-5. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Trailing the Wizards 74-73 with 40 seconds remaining,  Kenneth Faried  blocked a Wall layup attempt and then raced down court for a dunk and go-ahead basket.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "It was a tough night offensively. We've got to get more than five points from our bench. We've got to get more production and not just from four, five guys."   --  Wizards coach  Randy Wittman  on the lack of bench scoring. 
 
 
 HOT:  Chandler scored 15 points in the third quarter. 
 
 NOT: Trevor Ariza  has 16 points for the Wizards, but shot 6 of 19 from the field. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  The Nuggets focused their fourth quarter defensive effort on stopping Wall. It worked as the point guard missed five of six field goal attempts. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  In the second quarter Wittman removed his starters, but that didn't last long. Directed by point guard  Eric Maynor , the backup unit struggled to even get shots off. That led to Wittman sticking with the starters most of the second half. 
 
 NOTABLE:  The Wizards played without starting forwards  Martell Webster  (sprained left ankle) and  Nene  (right foot tendinitis). During the game, the team announced guard  Bradley Beal  was cleared to increase basketball activities after a follow-up MRI exam showed improvement in the stress injury to his right fibula. Washington's leading scorer missed his seventh game on Monday. The team also announced  Al Harrington  would miss a minimum of four weeks after undergoing a procedure to clear out loose particles in his right knee Wednesday. The veteran last played Nov. 12. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Nuggets: Friday vs. Jazz, Sunday vs. Pelicans, Dec. 17 vs. Thunder. For the Wizards: Friday @ Hawks, Saturday vs. Clippers, December 16 @ Knicks 
