Notebook: Cavaliers 109, Magic 100 
 
 
 Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Dec 13, 2013 11:59 PM - Updated Fri Dec 13, 2013 11:59 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Cleveland Cavaliers closed out just their second road victory of the season late in Orlando. 
 
 THE LEAD: Dion Waiters  scored 16 straight Cavalier points, and  Kyrie Irving  had his second straight game of scoring more than 30 points, leading to a 109-100 win over the Magic Friday night. 
 Irving finished with 31 points and five assists in Cleveland's (9-13)  fifth win in six games. Waiters scored the Cavaliers' final basket of the third quarter, then scored their next 14 points -- the final six during a decisive 14-0 run from which the Magic (7-16)  never recovered. 
 
 Anderson Varejao  came off the bench with 10 points and a game-high 14 rebounds for the Cavaliers despite leaving the game with a right knee injury in the first half and limping off in the final seconds after a hard foul by  Andrew Nicholson . The Magic big man was charged with a Flagrant Foul 2 and ejected with 10.2 seconds remaining. 
 Rookie  Victor Oladipo  tied his career high with 26 points for the Magic, who have lost seven of eight. 
 
 THE STAT:  The Cavs had only two turnovers in the second half. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "Only one person had the ball in his hands and that one person was shooting. So whether it was Kyrie shooting or Dion Waiters shooting, I think that limited their risk of turning the basketball over." 
 
 -- Magic coach  Jacque Vaughn 
 
 
 TURNING POINT:  After an early 16-4 run, the Magic led until well  into the fourth quarter. But a three-point play by Irving, coinciding with Varejao's re-entry to the game with 5:40 left in the third quarter, turned the momentum permanently in Cleveland's favor.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We're starting to develop our identity as a great team, especially when things aren't going our way offensively . . .  
 We're not not doing as well as we want on the road, but we're taking steps in the right direction." 
 
 -- Kyrie Irving 
 
 
 HOT : Waiters scored 16 of his 21 points in a span of just over six minutes, most of it in the fourth quarter. 
 
 NOT:  Late in the third quarter, Waiters went only 1-for-7. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Waiters, who has started nine games this season, played the sixth-man role perfectly in this game, providing a scoring explosion while Irving was out of the game. 
 
 BAD MOVE : Nicholson's flagrant foul came well after the outcome was decided, and might cost him a fine after the league reviews the play. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "I think that was a cheap shot. I really didn't see it, but [Varejao] could have hurt himself worse than he did. You just don't do that." 
 
 -- Dion Waiters 
 
 
 IN THE ARENA: Dennis Scott  was honored as part of the Magic's 25th anniversary celebration. Scott, currently a studio analyst for NBA TV, is the Magic's No. 8 career scorer with 6,603 points and made a 3-pointer in 78 straight games -- the fourth-longest streak in league history. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Oladipo (26 points, five rebounds, four assists, four steals, three blocks) decisively outplayed  Anthony Bennett  (six points, two rebounds in 8-plus minutes) in the first showdown of the top two picks in the 2013 NBA Draft.  
 
 NOTABLE: Tobias Harris  played for the first time since Nov. 24, producing 10 points and five rebounds for the Magic. He has been out with a high ankle sprain . . . Irving's 31 points came three days after a 37-point effort against New York. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Cavaliers, Saturday @ Miami, Tuesday vs. Portland, Friday vs. Milwaukee. For the Magic, Sunday @ Oklahoma City, Monday @ Chicago, Wednesday vs. Utah. 
