  Celtics-Timberwolves notebook   By Brian Robb, for NBA.com Posted Monday January 3, 2011 11:21PM THE FACTS:  The Boston Celtics rallied late to overcome a monster rebounding night by  Kevin Love  to secure a 96-93 victory over the Minnesota Timberwolves.  Paul Pierce  and  Rajon Rondo , both playing on sprained ankles, took command late for the C's. The Celtics captain scored 18 of his 23 points in the second half, while Rondo dished out 16 assists and hit two crucial shots down the stretch for Boston.  Michael Beasley  led the Wolves with 19 points, while Love grabbed an eye-catching 24 boards in the losing effort. QUOTABLE:  "Doc wanted to me a little more aggressive at the half. I was out there trying to be a playmaker, but I forgot we had Rondo out there doing that, so I could go back to my customary role, scoring the ball."   -- Pierce, on having Rondo back in the Celtics' lineup THE STAT:  Love continued to dominate the glass for the Wolves all night, but the effort was particularly impressive in the first quarter. Through the first 12 minutes of play, Love outrebounded the Celtics all by himself, by a margin of 10-3. Minnesota as a team had 14 rebounds over the entire opening quarter, helping them open up an early eight point lead. TURNING POINT:  Facing a one-point deficit with just 10 seconds remaining in the game, Minnesota inbounded the ball to a wide-open  Luke Ridnour  cutting to the basket. The Wolves' point guard however, took one too many steps on his way to the bucket and was whistled for traveling with eight seconds remaining, turning the ball over to Boston. QUOTABLE II:  "I was really proud of how well our guys played. We've got to pay our dues to learn how to win ball games and this young team is going to. We're going to make sure we put ourselves in position as we go forward to win those ballgames."   -- Minnesota head coach Kurt Rambis HOT:  Pierce -- The Celtics captain shook off a tentative first half thanks to a tweaked ankle from last night to post 15 third quarter points on 5-of-8 shooting. The offensive outburst helped Boston close a nine-point deficit in the frame. NOT: Luke Harangody  -- The Celtics rookie got his first taste of crunch time with starter  Glen Davis  battling foul trouble through much of the fourth quarter. While the effort was there from the young power forward, Harangody struggled with his shooting touch throughout the entire frame, missing badly on three open jumpers before Davis returned to the court with four minutes remaining. QUOTABLE III:  "Guys like him only come around once every ten years."   --  Shaquille O'Neal  on Love FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Love. The Wolves stud forward extended his double-double streak to 21 straight games with another tremendous effort on the glass. The UCLA alum set a TD Garden record with his 24 rebounds on the night. He is now averaging 15.6 rebounds per game on the year. ROOKIE WATCH: Wesley Johnson , the fourth overall pick in last year's NBA Draft, continued his solid offensive streak, finishing with eight points while hitting all three shots, two of them coming from downtown. NOTABLE:  Boston outscored Minnesota 38-26 in the paint, 20-8 in the second half.  Kevin Garnett  missed his second straight game with a strained calf. The Wolves outrebounded the C's 45-30. Boston had just 10 turnovers.  Delonte West  provided a encouraging progress report to reporters on his broken right wrist after the game. He hopes to return by the All-Star break. UP NEXT:  For the Timberwolves, Wednesday vs. Charlotte, Friday vs. Portland, Sunday @ San Antonio. For the Celtics, Wednesday vs. San Antonio, Friday vs. Toronto, Saturday @ Chicago.  