  Warriors-Celtics notebook   By Brian Robb, for NBA.com Posted Friday March 4, 2011 11:39PM THE FACTS:  The Boston Celtics overcame a 41-point outburst from  Monta Ellis  to squeak by the Golden State Warriors by a final margin of 107-103 for their fourth straight win. The recently revamped Celtics led by as many as 18 in the first half, as they continued to thrive behind the reliable scoring of  Paul Pierce  and  Ray Allen , who both chipped in 27 points in the victory. Nonetheless, the Warriors made a strong push in the final frame, closing the C's edge to one with 3:30 remaining after a three-pointer from Ellis, but were only able to muster four more points the rest of the way as Boston held on. New addition  Jeff Green  added 21 points in the win off the bench for the Celtics.  David Lee  had 26 points and 12 rebounds for the visitors, who have now lost five of their last six games. QUOTABLE:  "We didn't do anything [for him offensively]. He just ran the floor. He's a gazelle. I mean, the guy can absolutely fly. And our guys know that now and you can see them, they're giving it to him."  --  Boston head coach  Doc Rivers  on Green. THE STAT:  Boston shot a scorching 81.3 percent (13-of-16) in the second quarter, and 65.8 percent overall (25-of-38) in the first half on their way to 64 first half points. TURNING POINT:  After Golden State fought back to cut the lead to one in the closing minutes of the fourth quarter, Pierce stepped out once again for the green. The captain lured  Reggie Williams  into committing a foul on a jumper, which resulted in a for a three-point play for the C's and pushed their lead to four with 2:48 remaining. The Warriors got no closer than two the rest of the way. QUOTABLE II:  "We had too many turnovers early in the game where it lead to their breaks. You can't turn it over, especially not in crunch time, you can't turn the ball over because this team is going to capitalize."  --  Golden State coach  Keith Smart. HOT:  Allen. The all-time three point leader continued his sizzling shooting against the subpar defenses in the Western Conference, by hitting nine of his first ten shots Friday night, including his first five three-pointers. He has hit 14 of his last 22 baskets from downtown. NOT:   Troy Murphy.  One of the countless new additions to the Boston lineup, Murphy has struggled to find his rhythm in his intital action in Beantown. The veteran power forward has missed all seven of his field goal attempts through two games and has scored just one point overall in 27 minutes of action. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Ellis. The explosive youngster tallied his sixth 40-point effort of the year, breaking out of a three-game slump thanks to a sore shooting (right) wrist. The guard contributed all over the floor in 45 minutes of action, by adding six rebounds, four assists, a steal, and a block. ROOKIE WATCH:   Ekpe Udoh  had an underwhelming effort for the Warriors in his second career start. In replacing a struggling  Andris Biedrins  in the starting lineup, Udoh spent just 13 minutes of scoreless action on the floor, while grabbing three rebounds.  Avery Bradley  saw spot duty for Boston at backup point guard in place of the injured  Delonte West,  and also did not score. NOTABLE:  The shorthanded Celtics dressed only 11 players due to injuries to West,  Glen Davis,   Shaquille O'Neal  and  Jermaine O'Neal . West, Shaq, and Davis all hope to return to action sometime next week.  Von Wafer  joined the walking wounded for Boston by straining his right calf with 10:20 remaining in the second quarter. He did not return and is considered day-to-day. Ellis matched  Kobe Bryant's  season high for an opposing player against Boston this season with 41 points. The Warriors outrebounded Boston 39-28, including a 15-6 edge on the offensive glass. Golden State also had a 15-2 edge in second chance points.  Al Thornton  made a midseason debut for the visitors and did not score in two minutes.  Sasha Pavlovic  dressed in his first official game as a Celtic, but did not play. Boston has won seven of their eight games and improved to 27-5 at home. UP NEXT:  For the Warriors, Sunday @ Philadelphia, Tuesday @ Cleveland, Wednesday @ New Jersey. For the Celtics, Sunday @ Milwaukee, Wednesday vs. Clippers, Friday @ Philadelphia.  