Notebook: Spurs 109, Jazz 105 
 
 
 Tim Price, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Jan 15, 2014 11:59 PM - Updated Wed Jan 15, 2014 11:59 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Spurs are 26-0 this season when they lead after three quarters, a statistic that was challenged Wednesday when Utah shot 61.5 percent in the fourth quarter and outscored San Antonio 20-8 in the paint. 
 
 THE LEAD:  San Antonio held on for a 109-105 victory over the Jazz at AT&T Center Wednesday night.  Tony Parker  had 25 points and nine assists as the entire Spurs starting lineup scored in double figures, including 15 each from  Tim Duncan  and  Kawhi Leonard .  
 San Antonio (31-8) has won five in a row and eight out of nine. The loss spoiled a double-double for  Enes Kanter , who came off the bench for a career-high 25 points with 11 rebounds in 27 minutes. But the Jazz (13-27) were without leading-scorer  Gordon Hayward , who missed his third-straight game with a left hip flexor injury. Yet they fought back late and went on a 15-5 run and trailed by two points with four seconds left.  Marco Belinelli  (15 points, seven rebounds) sank a pair of free throws to put away the game for the Spurs. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "You never know what's going to happen. It's played by human beings. It's not a computer, where you dial it in or that sort of thing. Anything can happen."  
 -- Spurs coach  Gregg Popovich 
 
 
 THE STAT : The fourth-quarter outburst of 20 points in the paint for Utah contributed to the Spurs giving up a season-worst 70 points in the paint for the game. Not only are the Spurs without  Tiago Splitter  (expected to miss at least two more weeks with a shoulder sprain), San Antonio kept Duncan on the bench for all but four seconds in the fourth quarter. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Through the opening 20 ½ minutes of the game, there were eight lead changes and six other occasions when the game was tied. During the next 20 ½ minutes, the Spurs never trailed and outscored the Jazz 54-37. This includes San Antonio opening the second half by outscoring Utah 20-7. That made it an 18-point lead, the largest of the night for San Antonio. It looked comfortable enough, but it turned out the Spurs needed almost every bit of it. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We played the fourth quarter the way we were supposed to play in the third quarter to open the half. But they came out and threw the first punch and went on a run that got us in a hole."  
 -- Jazz rookie  Trey Burke 
 
 
 HOT : Kanter hasn't shot less than 50 percent since Dec. 30. That's six games at 50 percent or better. He's 37-for-60 (62 percent) over that stretch. Kanter has four double-doubles in the last eight games. He had five double-doubles in the 32 games before that. 
 
 NOT:  Without having Hayward in the lineup, the Jazz are thin in the backcourt. Burke got off to a slow start (he was 3-for-11 through the first three quarters before going for 4-for-8 in the fourth), and  Diante Garrett  finished 0-for-4. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  The Spurs played their most efficient when they scored 31 points in the third quarter.  In that quarter, Parker, Duncan and  Manu Ginobili  (he made his second start of the season) shot a combined 12-for-16 and scored 27 of the 31 points. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  The Jazz comeback had it 105-102 when Burke hit a 3-pointer with 21 seconds left. But the Jazz were out of position on defense and allowed Belinelli to catch the inbounds pass and bring the ball up the floor without fouling him. It burned valuable time off the clock, and  Alec Burks  had to commit the foul about four seconds later. It was his sixth foul and put one of the Jazz's best shooters out of the game. 
 
 NOTABLE : Duncan now has scored in double figures in 71-straight games against the Jazz. ... The Spurs are 3-0 vs. Utah this season; the teams play again March 16 in San Antonio. ... San Antonio played their second game without  Danny Green , who's expected to miss perhaps another month with a broken index finger on his left (non-shooting) hand. ... The Spurs got assists on their first 12 baskets of the game and ended the game with 29 assists; they've hit the 30-assist mark twice in the past six games, including the season-high 34 less than two weeks ago. 
 
 UP NEXT : For the Jazz, Friday @ Detroit, Saturday @ Minnesota, Tuesday vs. Minnesota. For the Spurs, Wednesday vs. Portland, Sunday vs. Milwaukee, Wednesday vs. Oklahoma City. 
