  Wizards-Bobcats notebook   By Derek S. Smith, for NBA.com Posted Sunday April 3, 2011 10:18PM THE FACTS:   Jordan Crawford  scored 23 points and  John Wall  added 18 as the Washington Wizards downed the Charlotte Bobcats 97-91 Sunday night at Time Warner Cable Arena.  Matt Carroll  came off the bench to score a game-high 26 points for the Bobcats. The Wizards won back-to-back games for the first time since 2009 and now have three road wins this season. QUOTABLE:  "We refused to lose. We're starting to get the mentality where we think we can. When you think you can win then you can pull it off. It was big for us. I hope we can keep it up. We stuck it out and got the win."   --Washington guard  Crawford. THE STAT:  Dominating the Paint. Washington used its advantage in the interior to dominate two important statistics. The Wizards scored 58 of the 97 points in the paint and held a 22-point edge in the category. Washington also scored big in second chance points. They scored 22 points off misses and allowed the Bobcats to register just eight points. TURNING POINT:  The Wizards blew the game open early in the third quarter. Washington exploded for an 11-2 run to open the second half and take what was a slim five-point margin and turn it into a 14-point cushion.  John Wall  scored 11 of his 18 in the third and the team shot 60 percent from the floor while committing just two turnovers. HOT:   Matt Carroll . The Bobcats reserve guard has played well of late with double digit scoring in three of his last four games. But Sunday night he was on fire. Carroll scored a game-high 26 points on 11-for-16 shooting including 17 in the fourth quarter for the Bobcats. NOT:  Wizards bench. Washington saw all five of its starters in double figures, but got only five points from its bench. As a unit, their bench made just one-of-10 field goal attempts. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:   Andray Blatche . The Wizards big man has been a beast on the boards of late with 36 rebounds in the last two games. Blatche had a 25-point, 17-rebound performance Sunday for Washington what included 10-for-19 shooting from the floor and five-for-seven shooting from the charity stripe. He also added a pair of assists, three steals and a blocked shot. Since returning from injury ,he has averaged 25.0 points 14.7 rebounds. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Charlotte native and most recent winner of The Bachelor,  Emily Maynard , was seated courtside wearing her engagement ring and watching her daughter perform at halftime as part of a Junior Lady Cats event. ROOKIE WATCH:   John Wall  scored 18 points and dished five assists and grabbed five rebounds while adding a pair of blocks and three steals to his stat line for the night. His back court mate  Jordan Crawford  added 23 points, five rebounds, three assists and two steals. NOTABLE:  Washington picked up back-to-back road wins for the first time since December of 2009 and now have three road wins on the season.  John Wall  had a double-figure scoring total for the 54th time this season.  Nick Young  was sidelined again with a bruised left knee.    Blatche recorded his 14th double-double and had his 20th game of 20 or more points.  Matt Caroll  scored a season-high 26 points and was in double figures for the fifth time this season.  Gerald Henderson  scored in double figures for the 17th time in the last 22 games for Charlotte.  D.J. Augustin  scored 20-plus points for the 19th time this season. The Bobcats registered 40 bench points compared to just five for the Wizards.  Garrett Temple  had a career-high six assists for the Bobcats. UP NEXT:  For the Wizards, Tuesday vs. Detroit, Wednesday @ Indiana, Friday @ Boston. For the Bobcats, Tuesday @ Cleveland, Wednesday vs. Orlando, Friday @ Miami.  