
 Kings-Bobcats notebook   By Derek S. Smith, for NBA.com Posted Friday February 25, 2011 10:39PM THE FACTS:   Stephen Jackson  scored 30 points,  D.J. Augustin  had 23 and  Gerald Henderson  added 21 points to lead an under-manned Charlotte Bobcats team to a 110-98 victory over the Sacramento Kings Friday night at Time Warner Cable Arena. Charlotte had just eight healthy bodies at its disposal after a pair of trades Thursday.  Samuel Dalembert  scored 18 to lead seven Kings players in double figures. QUOTABLE:  I didn't really change anything I do. I still had the same mindset to bring energy and be aggressive. It was an up and down game and I got some things going in the second half. You get a little tired out there, but you have to play through it. It shows a lot about out team with the way we responded tonight. We played strong and together tonight and it felt good out there.   -- Gerald Henderson, Charlotte Bobcats guard. THE STAT:  Aggressiveness. The Bobcats got to the free throw line 35 times Friday night compared to just 21 times for the Kings. That advantage led to an extra six points by the Bobcats. That offensive aggressiveness translated to the defensive end as well where Charlotte forced 18 turnovers and converted them into 25 points. TURNING POINT:  Quick burst. The Bobcats put the Kings away for good on a quick burst of points in early in the fourth quarter.  Kwame Brown  laid it in off a nice feed from  Matt Carroll  for a nine points cushion which shortly thereafter went to 11 points on a reverse lay-up from Gerald Henderson off a turnover by  DeMarcus Cousins . It was two of 25 points the Bobcats scored off Sacramento turnovers. HOT:  D.J. Augustin. The Charlotte point guard continued his hot hand since the all-star break. Augustin scored 23 points on nine-of-11 shooting with three assists, three rebounds and three steals. He is averaging 23.0 points, 5.5 assists, 2.0 rebounds and 1.5 steals since the all-star break in back-to-back wins for Charlotte. NOT:   Boris Diaw . The Bobcats forward struggled on the offensive end after drawing some tough defensive assignments Friday night against Sacramento. Diaw had just two points on 1-for-6 shooting with only two assists and three rebounds. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Stephen Jackson. The Bobcats captain and go-to scorer went 11-of-19 from the floor and 8-for-10 from the charity stripe in scoring a game-high 30 points. He added five rebounds, three assists and one steal. The Bobcats leading scorer will have an even larger role offensively with the trade of  Gerald Wallace  to the Portland Trail Blazers Thursday afternoon. INSIDE THE ARENA:   Michael Jordan  was seated in his usual seat adjacent to the Bobcats bench. The team was also having a special midnight sale for the newly released Air Jordan 13 Retros including a chance to win a pair autographed by Jordan himself. BAD MOVE:  Defending D.J. Augustin. Sacramento kept  Beno Udrih  on Augustin throughout the second half as Augustin erupted for a 13 points on a perfect 5-for-5 shooting performance in the second half. ROOKIE WATCH:  Sacramento rookie DeMarcus Cousins had 13 points and 10 rebounds for his 15th double-double of the season.  Pooh Jeter  played 11 minutes with just two points. NOTABLE:  Charlotte has won four of its last five overall including three straight at home. Stephen Jackson reached the 30-point mark for the sixth time this season. Kwame Brown had his sixth double-double of the season while D.J. Augustin had his 15th 20-point game this season. The Kings tied a Bobcats opponent season-low for points in the second quarter with 14. Sacramento had four players with double-doubles with  Jason Thompson , DeMarcus Cousins and Samuel Dalembert having points-rebounds and Beno Udrih getting a points-assists double-double. Gerald Henderson has scored in double figures in the last four games and is averaging 19.0 in that stretch. UP NEXT:  For the Kings, Saturday @ Memphis, Monday vs Clippers, Wednesday vs. Portland. For the Bobcats, Sunday @ Orlando, Wednesday @ Denver, Friday @ Lakers. 
