Notebook: Heat 123, Raptors 116 (OT) 
 
 
 Zachary Paul, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Jan 23, 2013 11:23 PM - Updated Wed Jan 23, 2013 11:23 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:   The Miami Heat defeated the Toronto Raptors 123-116 in overtime Wednesday at AmericanAirlines Arena. 
 
 Dwyane Wade  scored a season-high 35 points, including eight in overtime. It was Wade who sparked a 13-0 run in the extra session after the Raptors had built a four-point lead. His night overshadowed a triple-double by  LeBron James , who finished with 31 points, 11 assists and 10 rebounds.  
 The Raptors led by as many as 15 in the first half before losing the lead and rallying to force overtime. But it was too much. Despite allowing 14 3-pointers, the Heat's combination of James, Wade,  Chris Bosh  and  Ray Allen  were more than enough to compensate.  
 Allen scored 18 points off the bench while Bosh contributed 12 points and 12 rebounds.  
 Raptors guard  Allen Anderson  led seven players in double figures with 20 points.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "You're talking about the elite offensive players in the world, not the league, the world. I thought our guys battled, scratched and tried to keep up. Man-for-man, it's hard for us to match us with them. We've got to them different looks and we gave up something, which was open shots."  
 -- Raptors coach  Dwane Casey  on James and Wade.  
 
 
 THE STAT:   The Heat made 14-for-18 field goals on the way to a 38-point third quarter.    
 
  TURNING POINT:  Trailing 73-63, the Heat went on a 13-0 run midway through the third quarter to get back in the game before eventually pulling it out in overtime.   
 
 HOT:  The fourth quarter and overtime belonged to Wade. Not only was effective on offense, he was also instrumental on defense. He finished with a LeBron-like stat line, recording seven assists and five rebounds.  
 
 NOT:  After taking a 114-110 lead in overtime, the Raptors missed six straight shots.  Kyle Lowry  stopped the streak with a layup but by then the Heat had already went on a 13-0 run.   
 
 GOOD MOVE:  The Heat got back into the game because of their activity on the glass in the third quarter, particularly  Udonis Haslem  and Bosh. It was the most active both have been in the same game since rebounding became an issue a month ago.   
 
 BAD MOVE:  At some point, the Raptors lost track of Wade and James in the third quarter. The biggest problem was allowing them too many high-percentage shots, with Wade and James combining to shoot 25-for-42 from the field.  
 
  NOTABLE:  The Heat announced they will visit the White House Monday to commemorate last year's championship ... Bosh had his first double-digit rebound game since grabbing 16 against the Bucks Dec. 29 ...James has 34 career triple-doubles.  
 
  UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Friday vs. Detroit, Sunday @ Boston, Wednesday @ Brooklyn. For the Raptors, Thursday @ Orlando, Saturday vs. Cleveland, Monday vs. Golden State.  
