  Hawks-Knicks notebook   By Adam Zagoria, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday February 16, 2011 10:46PM THE FACTS:   Amar'e Stoudemire  scored 23 points,  Wilson Chandler  had 20 and  Danilo Gallinari  17 as the Knicks beat the Atlanta Hawks 102-90 to head into the All-Star break with a two-game winning streak. The victory avenged a 111-102 loss at Atlanta Jan. 28 that was marred by a fight between  Marvin Williams  of the Hawks and  Shawne Williams  of the Knicks. QUOTABLE:  "I think we made a huge jump since last year, but again we feel could've done better before the break. And I think now we understand what it takes to win and the type of energy and effort we need to have. So hopefully after the break we'll feel a lot better."    -- Amar'e Stoudemire. THE STAT:  The Knicks (28-26) were 19-32 at the All-Star break last season and didn't record their 28th win until April 6 against Boston. TURNING POINT:  The Knicks outscored the Hawks 26-20 in the third quarter to extend a 52-45 halftime lead to 78-65.  Landry Fields  hit two 3-pointers and tallied eight points and Gallinari scored seven, including four straight foul shots to end the period. QUOTABLE II:  "It was sore all night, but it didn't get worse. So that's a great sign. I'm going to ice it up a little bit tonight and just take care of it over the weekend. And I should be good to go by Wednesday."    -- Amar'e Stoudemire, who plans to play in the All-Star Game Sunday, on his sore big toe. HOT:  Despite missing practice Monday with a left knee injury, Gallinari went 4-for-4 from the line. He has made 28 consecutive free throws and 65 of his last 67. NOT:  The Hawks enter the break having lost three of four. NOTABLE:  Stoudemire is slated to start in the All-Star Game and  Joe Johnson  and  Al Horford  of the Hawks were named reserves. Stoudemire and Horford shook hands after the game even though they've exchanged verbal barbs in the press. QUOTABLE III:  "That's just my character. It motivates me sometimes when I make those type of quotes. So it's a matter of motivation and getting our guys ready to go."    -- Amar'e Stoudemire. INSIDE THE ARENA:   Dominique Wilkins ,  Boomer Esiason ,  Forest Whitaker  and  Matthew Modine  all attended. UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Feb. 23 vs. Milwaukee, Feb. 25 @ Cleveland, Feb. 27 @ Miami. For the Hawks, Tuesday @ Lakers, Feb. 23 @ Phoenix, Feb. 25 @ Golden State.  