Notebook: Grizzlies 85, Kings 69 
 
 
 Marlon W. Morgan, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Jan 18, 2013 11:34 PM - Updated Fri Jan 18, 2013 11:34 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:  After being blown out in three straight games, the Memphis Grizzlies got back to their defensive ways against the Sacramento Kings. The Grizzlies held Sacramento to 34 percent shooting as they snapped their three-game slide with an 85-69 win at FedExForum. All five starters scored in double figures for the Grizzlies, led by  Mike Conley 's 19, but  Tony Allen  filled up the stat sheet with 14 points, nine rebounds, six assists and three blocked shots. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I don't get nothing twisted. I'm the defensive catalyst for this team. I am the glue guy. I am the stopper. I can just only worry about my role approaching the game. Whatever else comes with it, so be it. For the most part, just playing hard and playing for my teammates, that was one of the things we talked about yesterday, just playing for us. I think today was a good example of that"  
 -- Tony Allen 
 
 
 THE STAT:  It was a disastrous second quarter shooting for the Kings that allowed the Grizzlies to build the cushion they needed. After trailing 18-14 after one quarter, Sacramento was just 6-for-25 (24 percent) from the floor in the second quarter as they were outscored, 24-16, and trailed the Grizzlies, 42-30, at the half. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Although the Grizzlies had a nice cushion throughout the game, the Kings did make a push to pull to within 66-58 with 7:57 to go. But the Grizzlies responded with an 11-5 run, highlighted by an over the head pass from Tony Allen to  Rudy Gay  for a dunk. 
 
 HOT:  Sacramento center  DeMarcus Cousins  was the reason the Kings weren't completely blown out. Cousins had his way with the Grizzlies front line, whether it was knocking down jumpers, driving to the basket, or putting back missed shots. Cousins had game highs of 22 points and 12 rebounds. 
 
 NOT:  The rest of Sacramento's bench combined for 27 points with no one scoring in double figures. They also combined to shoot 11-for-34 (.324) from the floor. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We just couldn't get the right energy, or rhythm we needed. We scored 14 points in the first quarter, had a lot of missed shots, easy paint shots that we didn't have. We tried to take advantage of the team missing a guy, knowing that Rudy Gay was going to play his game up a little bit, but we just couldn't get anything that we needed tonight."  
 -- Sacramento coach  Keith Smart 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  All five Memphis starters had at least five rebounds. Center  Marc Gasol  led the team in rebounds with 10 to go with his 18 points and three blocked shots. Joining Allen with nine was  Marreese Speights , who was starting in place of  Zach Randolph  who was out with a sprained lower back. Randolph is listed day-to-day. ... Sacramento's 69 points were a season low, as was its .341 shooting percentage. ... The Grizzlies are now 5-0 when Gasol has a double-double. ... Sacramento is now 1-10 on the road against Western Conference teams. ... The Grizzlies held the Kings to 30 points in the first half, a season-low for a Memphis opponent. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Kings, Saturday at Charlotte, Monday at New Orleans, Wednesday vs. Phoenix. For the Grizzlies, Saturday at Chicago, Monday vs. Indiana, Wednesday vs. L.A. Lakers. 
