  Bulls-Wizards notebook   By Daimon Eklund, for NBA.com Posted Monday February 28, 2011 11:03PM THE FACTS:  Joakim Noah  had easily his best game since returning from a 30-game absence. Noah scored 19 points and pulled in 11 rebounds in his fourth game back from surgery on his right hand and thumb as the Chicago Bulls cruised to a 105-77 win against the Washington Wizards.  Derrick Rose  scored 21 points and had nine assists,  Luol Deng  also scored 21 and  Carlos Boozer  had 12 points and 10 rebounds in a game the Bulls never trailed. Andray Blatche  led Washington with 15 points and 11 rebounds. The Wizards have now lost six in a row and 16 of the last 17. QUOTABLE:  "He's back, almost to the point he was at before the injury. His activity is off the charts. His defense is terrific, his rebounding is very good, and you can see he's starting to get a lot more comfortable offensively."   --Bulls coach  Tom Thibodeau. THE STAT:  Chicago's big men owned the boards, outrebounding Washington 56-39. The Bulls had 15 offensive rebounds, which they turned into 22 second-chance points. The Wizards could only convert their 13 offensive rebounds into four points. TURNING POINT:  Chicago led from the opening minutes, but truly pulled away with a 15-4 run late in the third quarter. During the run Rose scored nine points in two-and-a-half minutes. QUOTABLE II:  We've just got to keep working. We make some steps forward, and then the next game we take a huge step back. That's not going to help us. You all see the same thing we see. If it doesn't change, we get blown out like this.   -- Wizards guard  John Wall. HOT:  Noah had an 8 for 10 shooting night, his best percentage of the season, and was also 3 of 4 on free throws. NOT:  The Wizards shot just 35.6 percent, and Wall had one of the toughest nights finding the basket, despite his 10 assists. Wall was 3 for 14 from the floor and had nine points, the first time he'd been held under double digits since an eight-point night against the Knicks on Dec. 10. GOOD MOVE:  Rose had the assist of the night on a fast break with Wall defending. Rose made a no-look, between-the-legs pass to the trailing Noah, who finished with a two-handed slam. BAD MOVE:  Wizards guard  Mustafa Shakur , signed earlier in the day after two previous 10-day contracts with Washington, found himself guarding Rose at points during the game. Rose had little trouble driving right past the overmatched Shakur. QUOTABLE III:  "When I do stuff, I just do it. I didn't think about it. It's just a play that I made, but I didn't have it pre-planned or anything, I just did it."   -- Rose on his between-the-legs pass. INSIDE THE ARENA:  A large contingent of Chicago fans were among the crowd in the Verizon Center, and almost all of the spectators remaining at the end were cheering for the Bulls. Loud chants were heard in the arena for Chicago reserve  Brian Scalabrine  as the fourth quarter wound down, and one of the loudest cheers of the night went up when he finally left the bench to enter the game in the final two minutes. NOTABLE:  Blatche returned to Washington's starting lineup after missing two games with a sprained right hip...The Wizards' 77 points were one off their season low, a 101-76 loss at Orlando Feb. 16. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Wednesday @ Atlanta, Friday @ Orlando, Sunday @ Miami. For the Wizards, Wednesday vs. Golden State, Saturday vs. Minnesota, Sunday @ Detroit.  