  Heat-Knicks notebook   By Adam Zagoria, for NBA.com Posted Thursday January 27, 2011 11:47PM THE FACTS:   Mario Chalmers  missed a wide-open potential game-tying 3-pointer in the final seconds and  Raymond Felton  made four clutch free throws down the stretch as the Knicks beat the Miami Heat 93-88 at Madison Square Garden. The victory snapped a seven-game losing streak to the Heat dating to October 2008. QUOTABLE:  "Miami beat us twice. This game is a little more sweet."   --  Amar'e Stoudemire , who had 24 points and eight rebounds on the night he was named an Eastern Conference All-Star starter THE STAT:  Despite wearing a new pair of migraine-reducing glasses because the NBA banned his other ones for being too dark,  Dwyane Wade  scored 14 straight Heat points in the third quarter when Miami outscored the Knicks 25-18 to seize a 73-64 edge. He had a stretch of 13 consecutive field goals. TURNING POINT:  The Knicks took charge with a 17-8 fourth-quarter run that turned a 76-72 deficit into an 89-84 advantage. After starting 6-for-29 from beyond the arc, New York made four straight 3-pointers during the run, two apiece by  Danilo Gallinari  (20 points) and  Landry Fields  (19). New York outscored Miami 29-15 in the fourth quarter. QUOTABLE II:  "Landry hit a big shot. Gallo hits a big shot. And they [Miami] missed their big shots."   -- Knicks coach  Mike D'Antoni HOT:  Stoudemire beat out  Kevin Garnett  for the other starting forward spot in the Eastern Conference alongside  LeBron James . He has led the Knicks to a 24-21 record and the sixth seed in the East. NOT:  James shot 4-for-21 to open the game but hit his next four field goals to score Miami's final eight points. ROOKIE WATCH:  Fields had a highly efficient game for the Knicks, finishing with 19 points, 13 rebounds and six assists. In the first half, he followed a missed Stoudemire free throw by soaring in from the wing for a putback dunk to thrill the crowd. QUOTABLE III:  "Landry Fields was probably the player of the game. That's a guy who survives on just making effort plays. He had a big offensive rebound, obviously a couple of 3's. And he's relentless with his effort, does all the little things."   -- Heat coach  Erik Spoelstra  INSIDE THE ARENA:   Kanye West ,  Woody Allen ,  David Duchovny ,  Alicia Keys ,  Donald Trump ,  Howard Stern ,  Carrie Underwood ,  Spike Lee  and  Tracy Morgan  all sat courtside. NOTABLE:  The Knicks snapped a 10-game losing streak to James-led teams. This was their first time defeating King James since Dec. 19, 2007. UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Friday @ Atlanta, Sunday vs. Detroit, Wednesday vs. Dallas. For the Heat, Friday vs. Detroit, Sunday @ Oklahoma City, Monday vs. Cleveland.  