  Notebook: Clippers 109, Kings 94 Posted Sunday April 8, 2012 2:02AM By Dan Arritt, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Clippers shooting guard  Randy Foye  continued his red-hot 3-point shooting Saturday night and the Clippers pulled away late in third quarter to defeat the visiting Kings 109-94 at Staples Center, moving within a half game of the Lakers in the Pacific Division. QUOTABLE:  "The credit goes to my teammates. My teammates draw so much attention.  Chris  [ Paul ] and  Blake  [ Griffin ], they find me and I'm standing there and those are shots I practice all the time, so I better make them."   -- Randy Foye THE STAT:  Six days after tying a franchise record with eight 3-pointers in a 94-75 victory against the Mavericks, Foye shot 7-for-9 from beyond the arc and scored 25 points, sending the Clippers off on a key three-game road trip with their eighth victory in the last nine games. TURNING POINT:  The Kings crawled back from a 14-point second-quarter deficit and cut L.A.'s lead to one on a 3-pointer by  Francisco Garcia  with 2:41 remaining in the third quarter. Clippers coach  Vinny Del Negro  called a 20-second timeout and that seemed to do the trick, as L.A. responded with a 10-3 run to finish out the quarter. The Kings never made another run. HOT:  It was a great night for the Clippers backcourt. Paul has neared a triple-double on a couple occasions this season and he nearly earned one the hard way against the Kings, finishing with 19 points, 15 assists and a season-high seven steals. He was at his best in the decisive third quarter, scoring 11 points and dishing out four assists. NOT:  Thanks to Paul and Co., the Kings gave away 32 points off 20 turnovers, both one off their season highs. Sacramento center  DeMarcus Cousins , who had sharp words for the Clippers, and particularly Griffin following the loss Thursday night in Sacramento, shot 5-for-19 and scored 15 points. He made up for some of his clanks by matching his career high with 20 rebounds. Griffin, by the way, finished with a team-high 27 points on 12-for-15 shooting, a majority coming on dunks, and also pitched in 14 rebounds. GOOD MOVE:  Though it was eventually waived off by the officials, Griffin made the circus shot of the year after he was tackled from behind by  Donte Greene  with 3:35 left in the third quarter. As he was falling to the floor with his back to the basket, Griffin threw up a blind shot over his shoulder and it swished through the net. The referees huddled, however, and decided the flagrant 1 foul occurred before the shot. Griffin made one of two free throws to stretch the lead to 72-66. BAD MOVE:  Cousins drew two quick fouls on Clippers starting center  DeAndre Jordan , one on either end of the floor, plus a technical foul for arguing with an official following the second foul. Jordan took a seat on the bench for the remainder of the half. That seemed to take him out of the game altogether, as he finished with no points for the second time this season, two rebounds and two turnovers in 14 minutes. QUOTABLE II:  "We are fighting for third place, but right now it is more about us, about our approach and about us improving ... the results will take care of themselves."   -- Clippers coach Vinny Del Negro. NOTABLE:  The Sacramento bench outscored the Clipper reserves, 43-26, led by  Travis Outlaw  with 14 ... The Clippers had 19 assists in the first half, two more than they had for the entire game Thursday in Sacramento. ... Garcia appeared to suffer a head injury 53 seconds into the fourth quarter when he was clipped by Clippers forward  Bobby Simmons  during a loose ball and did not return. Sacramento's other starting guard,  Tyreke Evans , stubbed his right big toe during the third quarter and went to the locker room, but he returned during the fourth quarter. The team's leading scorer,  Marcus Thornton , missed his third straight game with a bruised calf ... The Clippers are 12 games over .500 for the first time since the end of the 2005-06 season. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Monday @ Memphis, Wednesday @ Oklahoma City, Thursday @ Minnesota. For the Kings, Sunday vs. Houston, Tuesday @ Dallas, Wednesday @ New Orleans.  