
 Nets-Heat notebook   By Jake Appleman, for NBA.com  Posted Sunday October 31, 2010 5:41PM THE FACTS:  The Miami Heat cruised to a 101-78 victory over the New Jersey Nets in a Sunday matinee at the Prudential Center.  LeBron James  (20 points, seven rebounds, seven assists),  Chris Bosh  (18 points) and  Dwyane Wade  (17 points and seven assists) starred in the win. "This balance is awesome," Wade said.  Brook Lopez  (20 points, five rebounds) and rookie  Derrick Favors  (13 points and 13 rebounds) played well in spurts for the Nets. QUOTABLE:  "We were stuck in mud. We were stuck in second gear."     --   Nets coach  Avery Johnson , discussing the blowout, but also flashing an acute and perhaps unintentional knowledge of Northern New Jersey's geography and roads. THE STAT:  The Heat's big three were so efficient converting from the field and getting to the line, they needed only 31 field goals to score 55 points. "Wait, is this first half stats?" Wade jokingly asked James while looking at the box score upon their arrival in the postgame interview room. TURNING POINT:  The opening tip. The Heat jumped out to a 15-4 lead and never looked back. QUOTABLE II:  "On the way to the game, I even mentioned it to Chris [Bosh], just saying, 'this [Newark] was a point where we could've ended up at'. D-Wade, he decided to take the second bus. I would've told him the same."      --   James, on considering playing in New Jersey during free agency.   One would be remiss not to point out that it seemed like LeBron was mixing metaphors here. HOT:  Bosh, whose full repertoire scoring the ball was on display. "[The] basket just looked bigger," he said. NOT:  The Nets' starting forwards,  Travis Outlaw  and  Joe Smith , failed to score. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Fantasy owners in efficiency-heavy leagues should start treating the big three like a bubbling, triangular volcano that plays basketball. There will be many matchups like this one where an overmatched team yields solid stats with few fantasy negatives, especially when James cuts down on his turnovers. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Welterweight boxer  Zab Judah  and international soccer star  Thierry Henry  sat courtside. Henry's New York Red Bulls won 1-0 without him last night against the San Jose Earthquakes in a first round playoff match. Henry, nursing a knee injury, said he hoped to play in the fixture's return leg ... Public Address impresario  Gary Sussman  opted for a Muhammad Ali reference -- "float like a butterfly!" -- when  Terrence Williams  tossed in a high-arcing shot in the paint late in the first quarter, and noted that a  Jordan Farmar  3-pointer was "from the Farmar's Market"... Nets owner  Mikhail Prokhorov  attended his third consecutive home game at the Prudential Center...If the "Name that Tune" gimmick on the jumbotron is any indication, multiple Nets are very big  Michael Jackson  fans... GOOD MOVE:  Heat coach  Erik Spoelstra  called on  Zydrunas Ilgauskas  with just under five minutes remaining in the first quarter. The Lithuanian big man went on a personal 6-0 run -- an open eighteen-footer, a tip-in, and a layup off of a nice feed from James -- to extend the Miami lead to 35-18 early in the second quarter. BAD MOVE:  Whoever decided the Heat should start with games in Boston and Philadelphia, fly home for a home opener, and then fly back to the northeast for a Sunday afternoon game in Newark. Not that it had any negative effect on the outcome... ROOKIE WATCH:  Favors struggled finishing around the rim at times, but his motor was a bright spot for the Nets and his aggressiveness on the glass helped keep the game from being a complete blowout after a single quarter. NOTABLE:  On the same afternoon that James shot down any possible interest in dressing up as  Snooki  from the "Jersey Shore" for Halloween, reality-TV starlet and celebutante  Kim Kardashian  sat courtside ... The crowd booed James consistently whenever he touched the ball early in the game ... Reporters were antsy to continue peppering James with questions about his free agency process and decision. James seemed at ease while handling the pregame queries. "If I had a do-over, I'd probably do it a little bit differently," he said of his one-hour TV special, "The Decision" ... Chris Bosh appeared to check his fingernail after driving past Kris  Humphries  for a dunk midway through the second quarter ... It was easy to get the feeling that the Heat didn't feel very challenged by the Nets early in the third quarter, as  Carlos Arroyo  let out a playful playground-styled "haha!", before swinging a no-look pass up to the top of the key, and then -- confidence brimming -- draining a corner 3-pointer on the subsequent possession... UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Tuesday vs. Minnesota, Friday @ New Orleans, Saturday vs. New Jersey. For the Nets, Wednesday vs. Charlotte, Friday @ Orlando, Saturday @ Miami. 
