  Jazz-Kings notebook   By Russ Edmondson, for NBA.com  Posted Sunday April 3, 2011 9:52PM THE FACTS:  The Sacramento Kings topped the visiting Utah Jazz 106-97 before a very raucous crowd at Arco Arena. Sacramento led by as many as 21 points in the first half and led by double figures for the majority of the second half. With rumors of a move to Anaheim surrounding the Kings, the attendance was 17,215 (17,317 is a sellout). The Jazz (36-41), dealing with lots of injuries, have now lost eight games in a row. Utah won the season series 3-1 over Sacramento (22-54). QUOTABLE:  "We don't really talk about (the Kings possible relocation to Anaheim), we can't do anything about it. We just have to play hard . . . Of course it's always good to see the crowd behind us. Sacramento loves the Kings and it shows . . . There were a lot of fans out there enjoying the game and they got us going."  --  Sacramento Kings forward  Francisco Garcia , who is the longest tenured King at five years.   THE STAT:  Utah's  Al Jefferson  scored 27 points the last time these two teams met up, during a Utah victory on March 5. He was off in this game, making just 4-of-13 field goals in 30 minutes and finishing with 11 points. TURNING POINT:  It happened early on in this game as Utah led 13-8 when  Tyreke Evans  found Garcia for a 3-pointer with 5:17 remaining in the first quarter. This started the Kings on a 16-2 run to make the score 24-15 Sacramento's lead with 1:37 left in the opening quarter. The Kings continued to be aggressive as the lead grew to 41-21 with 7:50 left in the first half. The Sacramento lead was 10 points at the half and nine points after three quarters. QUOTABLE II:  "I thought (Evans') timing and aggressiveness were a big improvement tonight from last game. I thought a little bit late in the second quarter he looked like he was not quite sharp, but I thought the whole second half he was really outstanding."  --  Sacramento Kings coach  Paul Westphal  on the play of his second-year star. Evans has been back for six games after missing 19 with plantar fasciitis in his left foot. NOT:  Utah's  C.J. Miles  made just 3-of-13 shots and finished with six points in about 24 minutes. He also added four fouls and two turnovers to go along with one rebound, one assist and one steal. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Evans, the 2009-10 NBA Rookie of the Year, lit it up for the Kings on this night. He finished with 24 points on 10-of-16 shooting and added 10 assists in 37 minutes. ROOKIE WATCH:  Kings big man  DeMarcus Cousins  finished with 17 points, nine rebounds, six assists and five steals in about 38 minutes. He fouled out of the game in the closing seconds, after the outcome was no longer in jeopardy. He made 6-of-13 field goals and 5-of-6 free throws. NOTABLE:  The Utah Jazz were without five players for this one as  Devin Harris  wasn't able to play after originally being listed as questionable. Teammates  Raja Bell  (right foot),  Andrei Kirilenko  (left knee),  Mehmet Okur  (lower back) and  Ronnie Price  (left leg) were also out. The Kings played with a healthy roster. UP NEXT:  For the Kings: Tuesday @ Houston, Wednesday @ San Antonio, Friday @ Memphis. For the Jazz: Tuesday @ Lakers, Thursday vs. Portland, Saturday @ San Antonio.  