
 Hornets-Rockets notebook   By Matt Miller, for NBA.com Posted Thursday November 4, 2010 12:05AM THE FACTS:  The Hornets defeated the Houston Rockets 107-99 on Wednesday at Toyota Center to match their best start in franchise history at 4-0.  Chris Paul  led all scorers with 25 points and dished out a game-high eight assists.  Marco Belinelli  added 18 points on 7-for-12 shooting for New Orleans, while  Emeka Okafor  poured in 15 points and blocked five shots. Kevin Martin  and  Aaron Brooks  each scored 18 points for Houston, which fell to 0-4 for the first time in 11 seasons.  Yao Ming  posted a season high of 15 points in 21-plus minutes of action. QUOTABLE:  "We talked about being as desperate as [the Rockets] are before the game. I asked the guys, 'How would you feel if you were 0-3?' That was my mindset all day. How would I feel if we were 0-3? The word that kept coming back to me was desperate. I think our guys had that mentality tonight."   -- New Orleans coach Monty Williams on how he and his team approached playing a winless team. THE STAT:  New Orleans reached the free-throw line 10 times in the fourth quarter and made nine. Houston's only free-throw shot in the fourth came after a technical foul was called on  David West  with 38.3 seconds left. TURNING POINT:  After Martin drilled a 3-pointer to pull the Rockets within 95-94 with 1:48 remaining, the Hornets responded with a 13-foot fadeaway from Paul and a West mid-range jumper to stretch their lead to 99-94 with 39.1 seconds left. Paul then drew a charge on Martin on Houston's next possession to seal the win for New Orleans. QUOTABLE II:  "It's been the same story for four games now. We were right in that game with a couple minutes to go, and we're just not finishing them."   -- Rockets coach Rick Adelman on why his team is still searching for its first win of the season. HOT:  Belinelli caught fire from the perimeter in the third quarter, shooting 3-for-4 from 3-point land to help the Hornets turn a nine-point, early third-quarter deficit into a two-point lead entering the fourth. NOT:  Rockets forward  Luis Scola  did not score during his first 18 minutes on the court and finished with only nine points on 4-for-15 shooting. Scola entered Wednesday's game averaging 27.3 points and had recorded three consecutive double-doubles to start the season. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Even when Martin doesn't shoot well, he is still an asset to fantasy players because of his ability to score from the free-throw line. Despite a 5-for-12 performance from the field Wednesday, Martin put up 18 points thanks to a 6-for-9 effort from the charity stripe. NOTABLE:  New Orleans scored only 15 points in the second quarter, marking a season low for points allowed in a quarter by Houston. ... Hornets forward  Peja Stojakovic  was inactive due to a coaching decision that Williams described as "matchup driven." ... Brooks' wife,  Shavonne , gave birth to twin girls,  Khylie  and  Khobi , Wednesday morning. UP NEXT:  For the Hornets, Friday vs. Miami, Saturday @ Milwaukee, Tuesday vs. L.A. Clippers. For the Rockets, Saturday @ San Antonio, Sunday vs. Minnesota, Wednesday @ Washington. 
