Notebook: Spurs 97, Kings 86 
 
 
 James Ham, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Nov 10, 2012 1:20 AM - Updated Sat Nov 10, 2012 1:20 AM 
 
 THE FACTS:  In a spirited affair in Sacramento, the San Antonio Spurs pulled away from the Kings late for a 97-86 win. 
 Future Hall of Famer  Tim Duncan  led the way for the Spurs with a big 23-point, 12-rebound double-double performance, while  Patty Mills  tossed in 18 points off coach  Gregg Popovich 's bench.   
 
 Jason Thompson  anchored the Kings frontline, finishing the game with 17 points and six rebounds.   Marcus Thornton  tried to keep the Kings in the game with 17 points off the bench, but it wasn't enough for the win, as the Kings shot just 35 percent from the field. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I am typhoid Tim." 
 -- Spurs' Tim Duncan on being patient zero in the Spurs' virus epidemic 
 
 THE STAT:  The Spurs bench outscored the Kings 47-24.  Super-sub  Manu Ginobili  was mostly ineffective, but his fellow bench mates responded in a huge way.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  This game was tight through most of the fourth quarter, but around the four-minute mark, the Spurs experience won out as they pulled away.   
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "He just brought energy.  He's an energy guy that can score with the best of the them."   
 -- Kings'  Isaiah Thomas  on the big night from Mills 
 
 HOT:  With  DeMarcus Cousins  on the bench, Thompson went to work for the Kings.  Coming in averaging just 8.2 points per game, the former Rider product scorched the Spurs for 17 points on 7-for-10 shooting. 
 
 NOT:  After a strong first quarter, the Kings melted down in the second when they scored just 12 points on 6-for-24 (25 percent) shooting.  The Spurs finished the first half with a 47-39 lead.   
 
 GOOD MOVE:  With  Tony Parker  ailing, Popovich went to Mills and he responded with a huge 18 points on 8-for-9 shooting for the Spurs.   
 
 BAD MOVE:   Keith Smart  went to his bench in the second quarter and came up empty.  After receiving the dreaded DNP-CD against Detroit on Wednesday, veterans  Francisco Garcia  and  Travis Outlaw  played a combined 15 minutes, yielding two points on 1-for-6 shooting.  
 
 NOTABLE:  The Spurs played sick tonight.  A stomach bug is moving its way through the team, costing the San Antonio the services of  Stephen Jackson  and slowing both Duncan and Parker.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Spurs, Saturday @ Portland, Tuesday @ L.A. Lakers, Thursday vs. New York. For the Kings, Sunday @ L.A. Lakers, Tuesday vs. Portland, Friday vs. Atlanta. 
