Notebook: Nuggets 113, Hornets 98 
 
 
 Michael Kelly, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Feb 02, 2013 1:04 AM - Updated Sat Feb 02, 2013 1:04 AM 
 
 THE FACTS: Andre Iguodala  scored 24 points,  Ty Lawson  had 21 and 13 assists and the Denver Nuggets beat the New Orleans Hornets 113-98 on Friday for their sixth straight win. 
 
 Danilo Gallinari  had 18 points and  Corey Brewer  scored 17 off the bench for Denver, which has won 13 of 16 and improved to 11-2 at home in 2013. 
 
 Ryan Anderson  scored 21 points and  Anthony Davis  had 13 points and 10 rebounds for the Hornets, who have lost three straight and five of their last six. 
 The Nuggets led by seven after three quarters before quickly building an 11-point lead. New Orleans got it down to eight but a 3-pointer by Iguodala, a fast-break layup by Gallinari and a dunk by  Kenneth Faried  made it a 16-point lead. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I was trying to be aggressive and take what they give me. If they gave me the shot I took it, if not I went to the basket and find Gallo in the corner or a big. When I did that my teammates were knocking down shots."  
 -- Ty Lawson  
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Nuggets set a season high with 32 points off turnovers. Their previous high was 26, a mark they surpassed with 8:43 left in the third quarter. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Denver's defense turned around the game in the second quarter. New Orleans reeled off 14 straight points to go up by eight but the Nuggets responded with defense. They turned over the Hornets eight times in the quarter, including two straight steals that led to fast-break dunks by Brewer. It was part of a 15-point turnaround in less than seven minutes. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We were planning on that run. They were driving it in transition and we were committing three or four guys to one and they were finding [the open man]. A couple of times we threw it away and Brewer got away for an easy layup."  
 -- Hornets coach  Monty Williams 
 
 
 HOT:  Lawson had a strong third quarter. He scored nine points, had five assists and two steals. He played solid defense and his 34-foot shot as the horn sounded gave the Nuggets an 85-78 lead heading into the fourth. 
 
 NOT:  The Hornets couldn't take care of the ball. They had 19 turnovers through the first three quarters before settling down in the fourth. They only had three in the last 12 minutes and finished two turnovers shy of their season high. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "The turnovers got us playing up and down the court. The points off of turnovers gave us confidence to win the game."  
 -- Nuggets coach  George Karl 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  The Nuggets game plan was to put pressure on New Orleans' guards --  Greivis Vasquez ,  Eric Gordon  and  Austin Rivers . The plan was executed well. The three combined for 12 turnovers. 
 
 QUOTABLE IV:  "They're a really good flow team and if you try to disrupt the flow it'll work to your advantage."  
 -- Andre Igoudala  
 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Davis got most of his points late, when the game was decided. Rivers struggled against Denver's pressure but managed to score eight points. Darius Miller was held in check with just three points.  
 
 NOTABLE:  Denver had a season-high 14 steals. ... Davis had three blocked shots for the 10th time this season. ... Karl was named the Western Conference coach of the month for January. It is the 11th time in his career he has won the award and the fourth time he has done it with the Nuggets. ... Nuggets center  JaVale McGee  missed his third straight game with a sore left shin.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Hornets, Saturday @ Minnesota, Wednesday vs. Phoenix, Friday @ Atlanta. For the Nuggets, Tuesday vs. Milwaukee, Thursday vs. Chicago, Sat., Feb. 9, @ Cleveland. 
