  Notebook: Thunder 114, Clippers 91  Posted Thursday March 22, 2012 12:13AM By Randy Renner, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Oklahoma City Thunder forward  Kevin Durant  scored 32 points and newly acquired point guard  Derek Fisher  played almost 20 minutes in leading the Thunder to a surprisingly easy 114-91 win over the Los Angeles Clippers. Fisher, who signed a contract just two hours before the game, scored five points on 1-for-3 shooting with one rebound, one assist and one blocked shot. Durant led all scorers with those 32 points. He also grabbed nine rebounds, handed out five assists, stole the ball twice and blocked a shot. OKC point guard  Russell Westbrook  scored 19, forward  Serge Ibaka  added 15. The Clippers trailed most of the night and could never get their inside game going. Forward  Blake Griffin  managed just seven points and though point guard  Chris Paul  handed out 10 assists he was just 3-for-12 shooting. Guard  Randy Foye  just missed tying his season-high with 23 points on 9-for-15 shooting, including five 3-pointers. Paul added 13 and  Nick Young  dropped in 12. The Thunder dominated in the paint and on the boards and led by as many as 24 points. QUOTABLE:  "Defensively I thought we played good throughout the game. You wanna contest shots and we did that. Serge (Ibaka) and Nick (Collison) did a great job on (Blake Griffin) you just wanna stay between him and the basket. We even made his catches very tough."   --Thunder head coach  Scott Brooks QUOTABLE II:  "I mean they load up on Blake. He has shouldered a lot of the load for us this season and he just had one of those games. Ibaka's physical and long and Perkins comes over to double team him and when he got his fourth foul it kinda took him out of rhythm."   -- Clippers head coach  Vinny Del Negro THE STAT:  OKC outscored the Clippers 44-22 in the paint and held the Clippers to just 11-for-30 shooting (36.6 percent) down low. The Thunder outrebounded L.A. 49-31, 14 of those OKC rebounds were on the offensive glass. TURNING POINT:  A big 66 point first half gave the Thunder a 16-point cushion going in at halftime. Oklahoma City withstood an 11-0 Clippers run that brought the lead down to nine points early in the fourth quarter. The Thunder answered that spurt with a 12-2 run of their own and that was it. The Clippers are in a brutal stretch of eight games in 11 days and they didn't seem to have much gas left for a run at the end. QUOTABLE III:  "I don't know what game we're on now, it's a whirlwind. Every team has gone through it or is going through it. We've got to find a way to do better."   --Clippers forward  Blake Griffin HOT:  The Thunder opened the game 7-for-8 (87.5 percent). ... Clippers guard  Randy Foye  was 5-for-6 (3-for-4 on 3-pointers) for 13 points in the first eight minutes...The Clippers were 7-for-9 (77.8 percent) on 3-pointers in the first 16 minutes of the game...OKC shot 62.5 percent (25-for-40) in the first half (15-for-21, 71.4 percent in the paint)...Thunder forward  Serge Ibaka  was 7-for-9 (15 points) early in the third quarter...Through three quarters the Clippers were 11-for-21 on 3-pointers (52.4 percent). NOT:  Clippers forward and Oklahoma City native Griffin was 2-for-6 (five points) in the first half. He finished 3-for-11. ... Through three quarters the Clippers were shooting 39 percent (23-for-59). ... it was even worse in the fourth quarter (30 percent) and L.A. finished at 36.7 percent. ... the Clippers were 1-for-5 on 3-pointers in the fourth quarter. INSIDE THE ARENA:  A rousing standing ovation from the sell-out crowd of 18,203 for newly acquired Thunder point guard Fisher. Fisher entered the game just past the two minute mark in the first quarter. Thunder head coach  Scott Brooks  told Fisher before the game, "you're going to get an 18-thousand person hug tonight when you go in the game." GOOD MOVE:  Bringing in Fisher. His veteran leadership and those five titles he helped win for the Lakers will play big in the Thunder locker room, especially with OKC's young stars. QUOTABLE IV:  "He's done it all, been through it all, has five championship rings, so you can learn a lot from him."   -- Westbrook BAD MOVE:  Complaining about much of anything to lead official  Tony Brothers  who handed out four technical fouls, all to Thunder players. OKC's  Kendrick Perkins , Westbrook,  James Harden  and  Thabo Sefolosha  were "teed up" by Brothers. Clippers head coach  Vinny Del Negro  also collected a technical but not from Brothers. NOTABLE:  The Thunder is now 11-1 this season in games played after a loss. ... Perkins was called for a technical foul in the first quarter, his 11th "T" of the season. ... Westbrook was given a technical in the third quarter, his 10th of the season. A player is suspended one game after his 13th technical. ... The 66 points allowed by the Clippers in the first half were the most in any first half this season. ... The Clippers have lost the first two games of their back-to-back-to-back set and finish the trio of games in New Orleans Thursday night. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Thursday @ New Orleans, Saturday vs. Memphis, Monday vs. New Orleans. For the Thunder, Friday vs. Minnesota, Sunday vs. Miami, Tuesday @ Portland.  