
 Bucks-Knicks notebook   By Adam Zagoria, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday February 23, 2011 11:31PM THE FACTS:   Carmelo Anthony 's first game as a Knick was a memorable one. With  Amar'e Stoudemire  having fouled out in the fourth quarter, Anthony slammed home a key dunk and then made two clutch free throws with 11.4 seconds remaining as fans chanted "Me-lo, Me-lo." Anthony finished with a game-high 27 points and 10 rebounds as the Knicks beat the Milwaukee Bucks 114-108 at an electric Madison Square Garden. The victory snapped a four-game losing streak to the Bucks, who had won four straight at the Garden and seven of eight overall against New York. QUOTABLE:  "I'm glad I got this game out of my system. These last two days have been crazy for me. I got no sleep. Just to get this 'W' tonight, that meant the world to me. That was a hell of a moment for the fans to react the way they did, to give me that ovation that they did."    -- Carmelo Anthony THE STAT:  The Knicks outscored the Bucks 54-34 in the paint. TURNING POINT:  After slamming home a dunk to give the Knicks a 106-100 lead, Anthony hit an eight-foot fallaway floater in the paint to make it 108-102 with 26 seconds left.  Chauncey Billups  added two foul shots to push the lead to 110-104 with 21 ticks left. Together, the two newest Knicks scored their team's last 10 points of the game. QUOTABLE II:  "That's what he does. You drop him at any place in any playground in the world and he'll put up 27 points and 10 rebounds. That's what he does for a living."    -- Knicks coach  Mike D'Antoni  on 'Melo HOT:   Toney Douglas  came off the bench to score 23 points on 10 of 12 shooting for the Knicks. With the Knicks having traded four of their top six players in the 'Melo deal, D'Antoni will rely on Douglas,  Shawne Williams  and  Bill Walker  as his first three guys off the bench. NOT:  Bucks guard  Brandon Jennings  scored 12 points on 4 of 11 shooting and added three assists and four turnovers. Jennings had 19 points, six assists and no turnovers when Milwaukee handled the Knicks 107-80 on Nov. 9. NOTABLE:  Stoudemire fouled out in the fourth quarter and picked up his 15th technical foul of the season when he tossed his goggles toward the trainer. He said he didn't realize he had received a tech until the game was over. One more technical and he faces a one-game suspension. QUOTABLE III:  "I know we have some other options if he does miss a game. Not as bleak as it was a week ago."    -- Mike D'Antoni INSIDE THE ARENA:   LaLa Vasquez , 'Melo's wife, sat courtside. Asked what her husband said when he was informed of the trade, she said, "Baby, we're going home." UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Friday @ Cleveland, Sunday @ Miami, Tuesday @ Orlando. For the Bucks, Saturday vs. Chicago, Tuesday vs. Detroit, March 4 vs. Phoenix. 
