  Notebook: Spurs 99, Blazers 83   By Tim Price, for NBA.com Posted Saturday January 14, 2012 12:15AM THE FACTS:   Tony Parker  scored 12 of his 20 points in the fourth quarter and San Antonio quickly erased Portland's slim lead before the Spurs won going away 99-83 over the Trail Blazers on Friday at AT&T Center. Despite 29 points from Portland's  LaMarcus Aldridge , the Spurs (8-4) remain unbeaten at home. Aldridge had few places to turn when  Marcus Camby  went down for Portland (7-4) with a left ankle sprain in the first half. That loss opened the door for the Spurs to win the rebounding battle 50-36. QUOTABLE:  "Camby is the backbone of our defense. But we've been in that situation before. They outrebounded us tonight, and they don't have any monsters in the paint. There were some times we were assuming someone was going to get the ball, and rebounding is about work. We've got to play with a purpose out there."   -- Trail Blazers coach  Nate McMillan THE STAT:  The loss of Camby opened a whole can of numbers that spelled defeat for Portland. Points in the paint? San Antonio led by 18. Second-chance points? Spurs 17-10. And the Trail Blazers managed 10 trips to the free-throw line while San Antonio was 17-of-25. TURNING POINT:  After the first-half Camby injury, Portland made it to the fourth quarter but was clinging to a thread -- and a two-point lead -- early in the fourth quarter. It all finally snapped over a span 2:45 when the Spurs scored 14-straight points. Parker scored only two points of it, so much of this was keyed by rookie  Kawhi Leonard . He hit a 3-pointer, had a steal and broke loose for a layup setup by DeJuan Blair's rebound and long outlet pass. That made it 79-67 with 8:43 to go. QUOTABLE II:  "I thought we earned it. We competed well. (But Camby) is a tough nut to crack down there. He had a couple of blocks before he got hurt and it certainly does change things on the boards for them and defensively."   -- San Antonio coach  Gregg Popovich HOT:  Since the injury of  Manu Ginobili  earlier this month, the Spurs' efforts to solidify the backcourt took another step back when  T.J. Ford  tore a hamstring muscle this week. But Leonard, who has started the past two games, has stepped in. He and Parker combined to go 8-of-9 in the fourth quarter. NOT:   Jamal Crawford  has gone 11-of-52 (21 percent) the past five games. He's shooting 36 percent from the floor this season and 30 percent from the 3-point line. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Parker scored 20 points, but he missed his first double-double of the season with nine assists. Blair had the double-double for San Antonio with 13 points and 11 rebounds despite five fouls and less than 28 minutes of action. Aldridge also missed the double-double (seven rebounds), but Gerald Wallace had 12-and-12. INSIDE THE ARENA:   Mark Henry , all 400 pounds of him, put a WWE head butt on the Spurs Coyote mascot courtside. The Coyote, following his "rasslin" script, fell to the ground, got up but staggered off. GOOD MOVE:  When the starters got off to a slow start, Popovich started finding energy from his bench. He played the reserves rather freely and they responded by outscoring the Portland bench 45-17. San Antonio committed 10 turnovers in the first quarter and Portland converted all seven fastbreak opportunities and shot 59 percent for a 31-point quarter. BAD MOVE:  Not only did Camby get hurt, Aldridge got in foul trouble. That left Portland, at times, with a front line of  Chris Johnson  or  Kurt Thomas , Wallace and  Nicolas Batum . ROOKIE WATCH:  Leonard scored in double figures (11 points, five rebounds and two steals) for his third-straight game.  Malcolm Thomas , Leonard's San Diego teammate from last season, got his first NBA playing time since the Spurs called him up from the D-League. Thomas had a garbage-time rebound in 2 minutes of play.  Corey Joseph  (Texas) played for the first time since his recall from Austin and had a garbage-time basket and assist in the same two minutes with Thomas. NOTABLE:  This is the first of a six-game road trip for the Trail Blazers. ... Portland had won eight of the past nine games in this series coming into tonight. ... Portland won the first five games Aldridge scored 20 or more, but now have lost the last two Aldridge has hit 20-plus. ... It's been 13 games since the Spurs have hit 100 against Portland, the last time coming Dec. 12, 2007. ... San Antonio and Milwaukee remain the only teams in the NBA to be unbeaten at home and winless on the road. ...  Tim Duncan  played only 21 minutes and scored seven points. He's eight behind  Gary Payton  for 26th on the career scoring list. ... Wallace had hot only four shots in three previous road games, and tonight he matched that total (4-of-11 against San Antonio). UP NEXT:  For the Trail Blazers, Saturday @ Houston, Monday @ New Orleans, Wednesday @ Atlanta. For the Spurs, Sunday vs. Phoenix, Tuesday @ Miami, Wednesday @ Orlando.  