
 Wizards-Raptors notebook   By Holly MacKenzie, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday December 1, 2010 11:21PM THE FACTS: T he Toronto Raptors crushed the Washington Wizards 127-108 Wednesday night at the Air Canada Centre. The Raptors had seven players in double-figures, led by  DeMar DeRozan 's 20 points.  Sonny Weems  and  Andrea Bargnani  added 18 points apiece. QUOTABLE:  "Our bigs didn't protect, our coverages there was no communication. I'd like to say this morning, our shootaround was a non-communicative shootaround at times with our players. We talked about that. We just didn't have that edge tonight."    -- Wizards coach  Flip Saunders THE STAT:  In the Raptors' last game, a loss against the Atlanta Hawks, they scored a total of 78 points on 30 made field goals. In the first half against the Wizards, the Raptors had 72 points on 32 made field goals. TURNING POINT:  Leading by nine at the end of the first quarter, the Raptors went on an 11-4 run to start the second quarter and extend their advantage to 16 points. Shooting 70 percent from the floor, the Raptors made 17 field goals in the quarter to Washington's nine and blew the game open by halftime with a 72-52 advantage. QUOTABLE II:  "Like Coach Flip and Coach Wittman said, we were walking around, acting like we didn't want to do nothing. We just weren't in to it. If you come like that early in the morning that's going to tell you how your game plan is. To hear your head coach say that he don't have faith in you that early in the morning by shootaround, that means it hurts us [when] we went out there and proved exactly what he thought."    -- Wizards guard  John Wall QUOTABLE III:  "I don't even want to talk about it. That's a video game stat. That's like somebody that studied a video game so much that he knows exactly when to shot it and get any shot he wanted. That's basically how it felt. They can get any shot any time. They were getting dunks after dunks, layups after layups and foul after foul."    -- John Wall on the Raptors' hot shooting. HOT:  The Raptors finished the game shooting 58 percent from the floor. DeRozan shot 7-for-11 from the floor for a team-high 20 points while Bargnani was 8-for-13 for his 18 points.  Jerryd Bayless  shot 6-for-9 for 16 points off of the bench. NOT:   Gilbert Arenas  finished the game just 1-for-10 from the floor, finishing with seven points in 29 minutes of action. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Former Raptor  Jerome Williams  was sitting courtside in a Raptors jersey and headband while rapper  Drake  was sitting on the baseline taking in the action. ROOKIE WATCH:  After missing his last two games with a sore left knee, Wall was back for the Wizards. He did not start, but came off of the bench to play 31 minutes. He finished the game with 19 points and nine assists. Raptors rookie  Ed Davis  had a solid debut, finishing with 11 points and six rebounds in 24 minutes of action. It was the first game for Davis who had been rehabbing from arthroscopic surgery on a torn meniscus in his right knee sustained during the offseason. NOTABLE:  The Raptors announced that  Reggie Evans  underwent surgery Wednesday to repair a non-displaced fracture of the fifth metatarsal bone in his right foot. The procedure was performed in North Carolina. Evans is expected to be sidelined for approximately eight weeks ... This road loss sets a new franchise record for the Wizards with nine consecutive road losses to start a season ... Toronto set season highs in points, points in a half, field goals made, field goal percentage, rebounds, assists and points in the paint. UP NEXT:  For the Wizards, Friday vs. Portland, Sunday @ Phoenix, Tuesday @ Los Angeles Lakers. For the Raptors, Friday vs. Oklahoma City, Sunday vs. New York, Monday @ Indiana. 
