  Jazz-Grizzlies notebook   By Marlon W. Morgan, for NBA.com Posted Monday March 21, 2011 11:39PM THE FACTS:  The Memphis Grizzlies once again showed their dominance in the paint against a Utah team that usually adept at doing the same. Outscoring the Jazz 66-40 in the paint allowed the Grizzlies to breeze to a 103-85 win at FedExForum, putting further distance between them and the Jazz, who fell three games behind the Grizzlies, who remain in the eighth spot in the Western Conference standings. QUOTABLE:  "We're down to 11 games. Our next three are against the top teams in the NBA (at Boston, at Chicago, San Antonio at home). We just have to come out and compete. We're really comfortable with our team right now.''   --  Grizzlies guard  O.J. Mayo. THE STAT:  The Grizzlies unselfish play when it came to sharing the basketball led to seven players scoring in double figures. The reason for that is the season-high 33 assists the team tallied. Alley-oops and behind the back passes all led to nine of the 11 Grizzlies that played recording at least one assist. The Grizzlies are now 16-0 all-time when posting 33 or more assists. Point guard  Mike Conley  led the way with 11. TURNING POINT:  Down by 15 entering the four quarter, the Jazz scored the first seven points in the fourth quarter to pull to within 80-72. That prompted Memphis coach  Lionel Hollins  to quickly summon Conley and  Zach Randolph  off the bench. The Grizzlies responded with six straight points that were eventually part of a 15-3 run that gave them their biggest lead of the game at 95-75. QUOTABLE II:  "We're still in it. We've got to keep fighting. It's a disappointing loss. The last two games have been disappointing losses, but we have to continue to fight. We can't quit until we're out of it. We're going to keep fighting and get back in practice and see where we go from here.''   --  Utah coach  Tyrone Corbin. HOT:  After starting the game making 6 of its first 16 shots, including a 0-7 stretch to start the game, Memphis rebounded to make 39 of its next 73 attempts and finished the game shooting 50.6 percent from the floor. NOT:  After averaging 26 points in his last three games, including a 40-point outing against Minnesota, Utah's  C.J. Miles  was 1 of 8 from the floor, finishing with just 10 points. NOTABLE:  The Jazz lost starting point guard  Devin Harris  three minutes into the game with a strained right hamstring. He did not return after scoring three points with one assist. Rookie forward  Derrick Favors  sprained his left ankle with 2:03 left in the third quarter and also did not return. He had six points and one rebound...Grizzlies' backup center  Hamed Haddidi  continues to be ready when called upon. The seldom used 7-2 Iranian was called upon early when starter  Marc Gasol  picked up his second foul four minutes into the game. Haddidi responded with 10 points on 5 of 7 shooting while hauling in four rebounds...Conley picked up his seventh double-double with his 11 points and 11 assists. The Grizzlies are now 6-1 in those games. .... The win improved the Grizzlies record to an NBA-best 16-1 in games against teams playing in their second game of a back-to-back. They are 13-0 in those games played at FedExForum. UP NEXT:  For the Jazz, Wednesday at Oklahoma City, Thursday vs. New Orleans, Saturday vs. Dallas. For the Grizzlies, Wednesday at Boston, Friday at Chicago, Sunday vs. San Antonio  