  Spurs-Kings notebook   By Russ Edmondson, for NBA.com Posted Saturday February 5, 2011 2:01AM THE FACTS:  The visiting San Antonio Spurs dominated the Sacramento Kings from the very beginning of the game inside Arco Arena on Friday night. The Spurs, with the NBA's best record at 42-8, jumped ahead 12-2 early and led 34-19 after the first quarter. The Kings (12-35) never cut the lead to less than 12 points over the final three quarters. The Spurs led by over 20 points at some point in each of the final three quarters. QUOTABLE:  "We were really focused. We didn't want to waist the victory that we got last night [at the Los Angeles Lakers]. If we lost tonight then the win against the Lakers doesn't mean anything."   -- San Antonio Spurs point guard  Tony Parker , referencing last night's 89-88 in Southern California. Parker scored 12 of his game-high 25 points in the first quarter. THE STAT:  The game was so one-sided that San Antonio's all-star forward,  Tim Duncan , got to rest for most of the night. He played just 12:47. He played the first 6:27 in the first half and the first 6:20 of the second. He collected 12 points, five rebounds and two assists while making 6-for-9 field goals. Spurs coach  Gregg Popovich  was looking to give his big man some extra rest after his team defeated the Los Angeles Lakers 89-88 on Thursday night. Duncan played 33 minutes in that game. TURNING POINT:  The Kings were challenging late in the third quarter, as an 18-5 run made it 87-75 Spurs. Then San Antonio's  Tiago Splitter  powered down a ferocious two-hand dunk to bring the Kings back down to earth with 42 seconds left in the third quarter. Teammate  Antonio McDyess  scored 12 seconds later and the Spurs led 91-75 after three quarters. A 3-pointer by  Manu Ginobili  made it 94-75 and the Kings' run was officially a thing of the past. QUOTABLE II:  "Tony [Parker] has been doing a great job of keeping everything copasetic. He is good in charge. He shared the ball, scored when we needed it. Again, tonight he gave us the energy to get us through the back-to-back . . . Inside, Splitter did that for us. He allowed us to give Timmy [Duncan] some rest. He was fantastic."   -- San Antonio Spurs coach Gregg Popovich, pleased with the play of Parker and Splitter. Parker finished with 25 points and seven assists. Splitter scored 16 points and grabbed nine rebounds in about 28 minutes. HOT:  Parker was red hot all night, making 11-for-17 field goals overall and sinking both of his 3-point attempts. He was the high man for the game in points (25) and assists (seven). NOT:  Sacramento center  Samuel Dalembert  was 0-for-5 from the field and didn't score in about 18 minutes. He grabbed eight rebounds and also collected five fouls. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  San Antonio's Splitter made 7-for-8 shots from the field and finished with 16 points and nine rebounds in about 28 minutes. NOTABLE:  Sacramento rookie big man  DeMarcus Cousins  scored seven points after scoring at least 20 in each of the previous three games. He also grabbed 10 rebounds but had five turnovers while making 3-for-8 field goals in 24 minutes. UP NEXT:  The Kings will play their next three games at home -- against Utah on Monday, Dallas on Wednesday and Oklahoma City on Feb. 12. The Spurs will play their next six games on the road, starting with Detroit on Tuesday.  