Notebook: Bulls 118, Knicks 111 (OT) 
 
 
 Kent McDill, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Apr 12, 2013 12:21 AM - Updated Fri Apr 12, 2013 12:29 AM 
 
 THE FACTS:  For the second time in two weeks, the Chicago Bulls ended a lengthy win streak by its opponent at home. With a season-high 35 points from  Nate Robinson , the Bulls beat the New York Knicks 118-111 in overtime Thursday, ending the Knicks' winning streak at 13 games. On March 27, the Bulls ended the Miami Heat's 27-game win streak, also at the United Center.  Jimmy Butler  scored 22 points and had 14 rebounds, while  Carlos Boozer  had 13 points and 15 boards for the Bulls.  Carmelo Anthony  had his sixth straight game of at least 35 points but needed overtime to do it, finishing with 36 to go with 19 rebounds.  J.R. Smith  had 28 points and 14 boards for the Knicks. 
 
 THE FACTS II:  The Knicks opened a 17-point lead in the game's first six minutes, going ahead 23-6. The Knicks led by as much as 15 points in the third quarter, and the Bulls did not tie the game until  Luol Deng  scored the first basket of the fourth quarter to knot the score at 82. 
 
 THE FACTS III:  The Bulls led by as much as nine points in the fourth quarter, going on a 19-8 run in the first six minutes to take a 99-90 lead. But the Bulls went the last 5:42 of the fourth quarter without a field goal and Anthony forced overtime with two free throws with 14.5 seconds left. 
 
 GET THIS:  Had it not been for a couple of very controversial calls, the Bulls would have ended Denver's 11-game win streak on March 18 at the United Center. Instead, the Nuggets recorded a 119-118 overtime win for their 12th consecutive win.   
 
 THE STARTING LINEUP (BULLS):  Bulls coach  Tom Thibodeau  played coy with the media prior to the game, saying Deng might not start even if he was cleared to play. He even issued a starting lineup without Deng in it. But Deng started and Thibodeau ended up using his 15th different starting lineup of the season. 
 
 THE STARTING LINEUP (KNICKS):  New York coach  Mike Woodson , meanwhile, played no tricks but had  Chris Copeland  in the starting lineup in place of injured forward  Kenyon Martin . 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "The switch went on and he took the game over." 
 -- Bulls forward Boozer, discussing teammate Robinson.  
 
 
 THE STAT:  Anthony was 13 for 34 from the field Thursday. In three games against the Bulls this season, Anthony has averaged 34 points but shot just 40.6 percent (37 for 91).  
 
 THE STAT II:  Butler played 50:17 out of 53 minutes, and had the 22 points-14 rebounds double-double. He also had three steals and three blocked shots with no turnovers.  Kirk Hinrich  of the bulls played 50:11 and had 11 points, five assists, six rebounds, one steal and two blocked shots with only one turnover. 
 
 THE STAT III:  In a high-scoring game with playoff intensity, there were only 15 total turnovers in the game, eight for the Bulls and seven for the Knicks.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  With the Knicks ahead 79-64 in the third quarter, Hinrich made a steal and sent a pass to Butler for a slam dunk. Ten seconds later, Butler stole the ball himself and went in for a dunk, cutting the lead to 11, and the Bulls closed the quarter with a 12-3 run to create an 82-80 difference in favor of the Knicks going into the fourth quarter. 
 
 THAT WAS INTERESTING:  In the second quarter, the officials called back-to-back fouls on Bulls forward Butler guarding Anthony. With the Knicks retaining possession, Bulls forward Deng was guarding Anthony and was called for a foul. Anthony then approached Butler and said something that earned him a technical foul. When Anthony went to shoot his free throw from the Deng foul, Bulls guard Robinson was called for a technical foul.  
 
 INJURY UPDATE:  Deng played after missing two games with a hip injury. But  Joakim Noah ,  Derrick Rose  and  Taj Gibson  remained out for the Bulls.  Kenyon Martin  did not play for the Knicks because of his ankle injury suffered on Tuesday, and he joined the Knicks unbelievably lengthy injury report ( Amar'e Stoudemire ,  Tyson Chandler ,  Marcus Camby ,  Rasheed Wallace ,  Kurt Thomas ).    
 
 HOT:  Robinson was 10-for-18 from the field, five for 11 from 3-point range, and 10-for-10 from the free throw line.   
 
 NOT:  Besides Anthony's bad night,  Smith was 11-for-27 from the field. Between them they scored 64 points on 24 for 61 shooting (39.3 percent). 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "There is no shame in losing a streak like that." 
  -- New York Knicks coach Woodson. 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  With Rose out all season (so far), the Bulls have tried to get Boozer started early offensively. The Knicks made a concerted effort to stop that by double-teaming Boozer whenever he had the ball in the post. Boozer had only one basket and three points in the first quarter. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  In his 14th start of the season,  Pablo Prigioni  had seven points and two assists in 23 minutes of action for the Knicks. 
 
 NOTABLE:  When Boozer got his second foul midway through the second quarter and left the game, the Bulls played with small forward  Deng as their tallest player on the floor. ... In the third quarter, the Bulls missed four consecutive free throws shot by two of their best free throw shooters, utler and  Rip Hamilton . ...  At 6-foot-10,  Steve Novak  of the Knicks was the only player in the game standing over 6-foot-9. ... the Knicks set the NBA record for most three-pointers made in a season with 847, breaking the previous record of the 2009-10 Orlando Magic...   
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, @ Toronto Friday, @ Miami Sunday, at Orlando Monday. For the Knicks, @ Cleveland Friday, vs. Indiana Sunday, @ Charlotte Monday. 
