  Bucks-Hawks notebook   By Matt Winkeljohn, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday March 15, 2011 10:33PM THE FACTS:  With  Joe Johnson  wearing a headband for the first time, he and the Hawks busted out of scoring slumps in a big way Tuesday in whipping the visiting Bucks 110-85. Johnson made 6-for-8 3-pointers in a 28-point first half on the way to 36 overall. He had made 3-for-27 treys over the previous seven games. Overall, he made 13-for-19 shots. Josh Smith  added 17 points and 14 rebounds with four blocked shots, and the Hawks made 63 percent of their shots (46-for-73) in a game that was hardly close after Atlanta strung scored the final 11 points of the first quarter and the first nine of the second quarter to push the lead to 37-17. The Bucks, coming off a dreadful 87-56 loss Sunday in Boston, were led by  Andrew Bogut 's 21 points and 13 rebounds. Teammates other than  Carlos Delfino  (13 points on 6-for-10 shooting) combined to make just 20-for-59 shots (33.9 percent) while making up a game postponed by foul weather on Jan. 11. Milwaukee lost its second straight game after winning three straight. The Hawks have won back-to-back games after losing four straight. These teams split their four games against each other. QUOTABLE:  "It worked. I was supposed to change headbands at halftime, but everybody jumped up saying, 'No. No. No.' I don't know. I'm not a headband-kind of guy, but for right now I have to wear it. I had my legs under me . . . I had two days off. I was making quick moves in the post. You get a couple easy baskets, and the basket starts to open up a little bit."   -- Joe Johnson, on whether he'll keep the headband that he had to wear to protect a head wound that resulted from a procedure to clean out an infection. THE STAT:  The Bucks hoisted 13 more shots than the Hawks, but Atlanta outscored Milwaukee by 24 points from the three-point line by making 11-for-19 to the Bucks' 3-for-10. TURNING POINT:  In the Hawks' 20-0 run over the end of the first and beginning of the second quarters, Atlanta made seven of eights shots -- including two Johnson treys and another by  Jamal Crawford  -- with three free throws and steals by  Zaza Pachulia  and Johnson. Milwaukee missed 10 straight shots in that span, including two layups and a four-foot try by  Larry Sanders . QUOTABLE II:  "We had trouble getting back on defense early in the game, and we looked a little bit tired. It was just one of those games where we didn't play very well."   -- Milwaukee coach  Scott Skiles . HOT:  Johnson was flat-out on fire in the entire fire half, but especially in the second quarter. He made six of eight shots, including five of seven three-pointers to score 17 points in the period. . . . Bogut scored 10 points in the second quarter, making five of seven shots. . . . Atlanta forward  Damien Wilkins  didn't play much in the first half, largely because Johnson didn't leave the game, but he made all three of his shots in the second half. In his previous game, he made six of nine to tie a season high with 12 points. . . .  Marvin Williams  fared much better in his second game coming off the bench than his first. He scored 16 points for Atlanta, making seven of nine shots and both his three-point tries. He scored just four points Saturday against Portland. NOT:  Milwaukee reserve forward  Chris Douglas-Roberts  made just one of four shots, and in his last two games he made a combined 2-for-11. . . .  Earl Boykins  of the Bucks has also made just 2-for-11 shots in the past two games. . . . Milwaukee fell to 0-16 when an opponent shoots 50 percent or better. The Hawks made 63 percent Tuesday. GOOD MOVE:  The Hawks have not been an up-tempo team often this season, but with the insertion of  Jeff Teague  at point guard that's been their goal a little bit more over the past two games. It really showed over several stretches Tuesday, when Atlanta outscored the Bucks 21-12 in fast break points. More importantly, at least in this game, Teague's quickness affords Atlanta a much better matchup against Milwaukee's quicksilver point guard  Brandon Jennings . He missed seven of eight shots Tuesday, and had a modest two assists to go with two turnovers. NOTABLE:  After Teague's breakout game when coach  Larry Drew  moved him into the starting lineup in Saturday's win over the visiting Blazers, when the young point guard scored a season-high 24 points and had a career-high five steals, he put up much more modest numbers: six points on two of nine shooting with six assists and no steals. Teague, though seemed more effective in slowing Jennings than former point guard  Mike Bibby  had been.. . . Atlanta center  Al Horford  returned to the lineup for Atlanta after missing Saturday's game against Portland with a sprained left ankle. While he may have lacked a little of his usual explosion, it was rarely evident as he totaled 15 points, five rebounds, three assists and a blocked shot. QUOTABLE III:  "With the change in the lineup [moving  Kirk Hinrich  to shooting guard, Johnson to small forward and Williams to the bench], it has allowed us to get out a little bit more in transition. We put a lot of emphasis on that before the game, particularly with Bogut in the lineup. Jeff picked up Jennings, sometimes even in the backcourt. We really weren't able to do that much before."   -- Larry Drew. UP NEXT:  For the Bucks, Wednesday vs. Magic, Friday vs. Nets, and Sunday vs. Knicks. For the Hawks, Wednesday vs. Nuggets, Friday vs. Heat, and Sunday vs. Pistons.  