  Notebook: Wolves 99, Kings 86   By Phil Miller, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday January 17, 2012 12:29AM THE FACTS: Kevin Love  scored 33 points, his third straight game of 30 or more, and added 11 rebounds Monday night in Minneapolis, to help the Timberwolves break a three-game homecourt losing streak with a 99-86 victory over Sacramento. The Kings, wrapping up a five-game road trip that included only one victory, received 12 points apiece from  Marcus Thornton ,  Jason Thompson  and  Francisco Garcia . But the Kings' balanced attack, which included four other players with at least nine points, couldn't contain a Minnesota surge in the fourth quarter, when a 12-3 run with six minutes to play opened a decisive double-digit lead. The Timberwolves used a three-guard lineup over the game's final 6:44, and whatever they sacrificed in rebounding and defense, they made up for with speed and shooting.  Luke Ridnour  scored 25 points with nine assists,  Ricky Rubio  added nine points and nine assists, and  Wayne Ellington  contributed 15 points -- and each of the guard nailed a three-pointer in the game's final minutes to hold off the Kings, who have lost seven of their last nine games. QUOTABLE:  "If he's not getting calls, he gets even more aggressive, especially on the rebounding. It really gets him going sometimes."   --  Minnesota point guard Ridnour, explaining why he didn't mind seeing teammate Kevin Love receive a technical foul on Monday. THE STAT:  13 -- Consecutive double-doubles to open the season for Minnesota forward Kevin Love. Rockets' Hall of Fame center  Hakeem Olajuwon  was the last player to start a season with 13 straight double-doubles, doing it in 1992-93. TURNING POINT:  Minnesota's fourth-quarter lead was only two points, 75-73, when coach  Rick Adelman  decided to send Luke Ridnour back into the game. But instead of subbing out guard Wayne Ellington, Adelman decided to alter the usual rotation and leave all three guards in the game, bringing forward  Wesley Johnson  (and his 3-for-11 shooting) to the bench. The smaller lineup helped the Wolves pick up the pace -- they had three fast-break baskets in the final five minutes, and all three guards nailed 3-pointers down the stretch as Minnesota closed the game on a decisive 24-13 run. QUOTABLE II:  "We got to grow up. Our team has to grow up fast. We pound the ball too much. I give them the simplest offense that you can run -- you just move it to a spot, then move it to the next spot. But for whatever reason, we're trying to make the play ourselves."   --  Kings coach  Keith Smart , after falling to 2-5 since taking over. HOT:  Luke Ridnour draws comparisons between his role alongside Ricky Rubio this year and  Brandon  Jennings two seasons ago in Milwaukee, because both pairings have allowed him to flourish as a ball-handling shooting guard. Ridnour's 10-for-14 shooting and 25-point, nine-assist night against the Kings marked the second straight home game he has eclipsed 20 points and 70 percent shooting, and it brings his season averages to 12.9 points and 52.4 percent shooting, both career-high levels. NOT:  Kings guard  Tyreke Evans  had a strange game, going 1-for-9 from the field before making his last two shots in the game's final minutes, extending a shooting slump that started with a 1-for-8 outing in Dallas on Saturday. But while his shooting has temporarily abandoned him, Evans piled up 10 assists and eight rebounds, easily leading the Kings in both categories. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  With  J.J. Barea  sidelined by an ankle injury, Wayne Ellington's playing time has increased, and his effectiveness with it. The third-year guard hit 3-of-5 3-pointers, and scored a season-high 15 points on Monday; during Berea's absence, he has made 14-of-24 shots, averaged 11.3 points, and played effective  defense. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Deputy NBA commissioner  Adam Silver  attended the game. ... University of Minnesota coach  Tubby Smith  sat a few rows behind Sacramento's bench, then visited the Kings' locker room after the game to visit center Chuck Hayes, who played for Smith for four years at Kentucky. ... The Wolves announced more than 1,000 fans had taken advantage of an offer by forward Kevin Love to "buy" a ticket to Wednesday's game with Detroit for any fan who walked up and bought a ticket for Monday's game. ROOKIE WATCH: Jimmer Fredette  missed all three of his 3-pointers, and went 3-for-7 from the field, wrapping up a forgettable road trip. Sacramento's rookie guard from BYU made only 10 of 34 shots (29.4 percent) during the Kings' five-game trip, and 4-for-16 from 3-point range. NOTABLE:  Minnesota announced that forward  Martell Webster , who underwent surgery in September to repair a disc in his back, has been cleared by doctors to resume practicing, and he's expected to take part in Tuesday's practice. In addition, center  Brad Miller , sidelined by knee surgery last May, hopes to begin practicing this week as well, though both players will require some time to regain their conditioning. ... Wolves guard Barea missed his third straight game with a sprained ankle. ... Kings guard  Marcus Thornton , who missed three games last week with a left thigh contusion, played more than 37 minutes and said his legs felt much stronger than during Saturday's return to action in Dallas. UP NEXT:  For the Kings, Wednesday vs. Pacers, Friday @ San Antonio, Saturday @ Memphis. For the Timberwolves, Wednesday vs. Pistons, Friday @ L.A. Clippers, Saturday @ Utah.  