Notebook: Cavaliers 94, Bucks 82 
 
 
 Rick Braun, For NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Dec 23, 2012 12:12 AM - Updated Sun Dec 23, 2012 12:12 AM 
 
 THE FACTS :  Dion Waiters  scored 18 points and  C.J. Miles  added 16 off the bench to lead  the Cleveland Cavaliers to a 94-82 victory over the Milwaukee Bucks Saturday night at the BMO Harris Bradley Center, snapping the Cavaliers' six-game losing streak. 
 
 Tristan Thompson  added 14 points and 14 rebounds as the Cavaliers (6-23) overcame 37 points from Milwaukee's  Monta Ellis . 
 QUOTABLE: "It was definitely a confidence booster for our team, especially going to the fourth. They made their run, and that bucket at the end made it eight, and our second group did a great job of sustaining the lead." 
 - - Kyrie Irving  on his basket that beat the buzzer at the end of the third quarter and stopped Milwaukee's momentum 
 
 THE STAT : Ellis went 15-for-27 from the field. The rest of the Bucks (14-12) went 16-for-52. 
 
 TURNING POINT : The Bucks had trimmed a 67-47 deficit down to 69-63 late in the third quarter when the Cavs took possession with 22 seconds left. Irving worked one-on-one against  Luc Richard Mbah a Moute  -- Milwaukee's best defender -- and managed to bank in a running shot from the right side of the lane as the buzzer sounded. That gave the Cavs a lift as they went to the bench, and after baskets by Thompson and Miles to open the fourth quarter, the Bucks never got within single digits again. 
 
 QUOTABLE II : "Maybe we should just fly in the day of the game every trip from now on and stay at home on our back-to-back nights." 
 -- Cavs coach  Byron Scott , whose team stayed in Cleveland Friday night after its game against Indiana because of a winter storm and didn't fly to Milwaukee until Saturday morning 
 
 HOT : Thompson went 6-for-8 on a very efficient night offensively. He has three straight double-doubles and has had at least nine rebounds in five of his last six games. 
 
 NOT : While Ellis was going off, back-court mate  Brandon Jennings  was going 3-for-13. Jennings is shooting just 35.2 percent (37-for-105) in his last six games. 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA : During the first half, the Bucks honored team photographer Bob Tai, who passed away this week. Tai, 87, had been the Bucks team photographer since 1969. He was on hand Tuesday to shoot the Bucks' victory over Indiana. 
 
 GOOD MOVE : Because of bad weather after their home game Friday night, the Cavaliers did not fly into Milwaukee until Saturday morning. It was most likely the first time any of their players flew into a road game on the day of the game, but it seemed to work just fine as the Cavs improved to 3-14 on the road. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH : Waiters was 9-for-17 for his 18 points, and fellow rookie  Tyler Zeller  added a double-double with 11 points and 10 rebounds before fouling out.  
 
 NOTABLE : When Ellis made a 3-pointer with 9:32 in the third quarter it snapped a streak of 13 misses from behind the arc. ... Bucks center  Larry Sanders  had just two points but 12 rebounds and five blocked shots. He has blocked at least five shots in six games this season. ... The Cavs snapped a nine-game losing streak against the Bucks. The last time Cleveland had beaten Milwaukee was Nov. 24, 2010, on a buzzer-beater by  Mo Williams . 
 UP NEXT: For the Cavaliers, Wednesday @ Washington, Friday vs. Atlanta, Saturday @ Brooklyn. For the Bucks, Wednesday vs. Brooklyn, Saturday vs. Miami, Sunday @ Detroit. 
