  Notebook: Warriors 115, Kings 89 Posted Wednesday March 14, 2012 1:21AM By James Ham, for NBA.com    THE FACTS:  A little more than an hour before the Golden State Warriors took the court in Sacramento, two of their starters packed their bags and left for new homes abroad. That didn't stop the remaining 10 guys on the roster from going out and embarrassing the Kings in front of their home crowd by a score of 115-89. David Lee, Brandon Rush  and  Nate Robinson  scored 17 each for the well-balanced Warriors attack.  Dorell Wright  finished with 14 points and 10 rebounds, helping his team win their third consecutive game. DeMarcus Cousins  picked up another double-double, finishing the night with 19 points and 12 rebounds. Rookie  Isaiah Thomas  finished with 15 points on 4-for-5 shooting and knocked down all three of his long balls in the loss for the Kings. QUOTABLE:  "I'm awfully proud of these guys because it was an emotionally draining day for us. We had three guys that we are attached to, and it hurts. This is a business, but it hurts."    -- Coach  Mark Jackson  talking about the win and the mood in the Warriors locker room following tonight's big trade. THE STAT:  The Warriors were 12-for-24 from behind the arch tonight. When they shoot well from the perimeter, they are tough to beat and tonight, the Kings had no chance. TURNING POINT:  This game was really close until the final four minutes of the third quarter when the Warriors caught fire and the Kings went numb. The Warriors finished the third on a 13-4 run and never looked back. QUOTABLE II:  "There is no other option for me. It doesn't make a difference who is there, the mission remains the same. So our objective is to go out, play Warrior basketball and let the chips fall where they may."    -- Jackson on whether the Warriors goal is still to make the playoffs QUOTABLE III:  "We make decisions collectively. So I will not sit here and tell you I'm surprised and hopefully, I will never be surprised by any move."    -- Jackson on the sudden trade that took place less than two hours before tip-off. HOT:  Rush and Wright torched the Kings from the perimeter, combining to hit 6-for-8 from behind the arch in the third quarter alone. NOT: Marcus Thornton  had an off night. The Kings' leading scorer finished with nine points on 4-for-13 shooting and struggled to stay with the Warriors shooters on the defensive end. GOOD MOVE:  Jackson started Robinson against Thomas and if nothing else, it was fun to watch. Nate the Great finished with 17 points on 7-for-11 shooting and handed out three assists. BAD MOVE:  Sacramento coach  Keith Smart  went away from what worked early and let Jackson control the matchups in this one.  Jason Thompson  had nine rebounds in the first quarter and played a total of three minutes the rest of the way. NOTABLE:  The Warriors won without the services of three starters;  Stephen Curry  who is still struggling with an ankle injury, as well as  Monta Ellis  and  Ekpe Udoh  who were traded to Milwaukee before the game. UP NEXT:  For the Warriors, Wednesday vs. Boston, Friday vs. Milwaukee, Saturday @ Utah. For the Kings, Wednesday vs. Detroit, Friday vs. Boston, Sunday vs. Minnesota.  