Notebook: Heat 119, Nuggets 116 
 
 
 Shandel D. Richardson, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Nov 03, 2012 11:22 PM - Updated Sat Nov 03, 2012 11:25 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:  The Miami Heat defeated the Denver Nuggets 119-116 Saturday at AmericanAirlines Arena.  
 Center  Chris Bosh  scored a game-high 40 points, but it was a jumpshot by  Ray Allen  with 6.7 seconds left that propelled the Heat to victory. With the Heat trailing by one, Allen made a 3-pointer from the corner and was fouled by Nuggets guard  Corey Brewer.  Allen made the free throw to complete the four-point play and put the Heat ahead by three.  
 Denver had a chance to tie, but  Danilo Gallinari  missed a long 3-pointer while being guarded by  LeBron James . Allen finished with a season-high 23 points while James had 20 points, 11 assists and nine rebounds.  
 Heat guard  Dwyane Wade  finished with 14 points on 5-of-12 shooting. The Nuggets had seven players in double figures, led by  Andre Iguodala  and  Kenneth Faried , who each had 22 points.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I got to that corner. (Corey) Brewer helped and turned his head just one split second and LeBron found me. It was curtains." 
   --  Allen on his winning four-point play with 6.7 seconds remaining. 
 
 
 THE STAT:   The Heat shot 10-of-25 from the 3-point arc and made 85 percent on free throws (23-of-27.) 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Heat could not relax until Allen's jumpshot with 6.7 remaining. The teams went back and forth, with neither creating any real separation.   
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We have been on the other end of that pain when he puts the dagger to your heart with the three. He has a found a way to fit in and mesh with a team that has already had a lot of success."   
 --  Heat coach  Erik Spoelstra  on Allen's shot.   
 
 
 HOT:  Bosh shot 15 of 22 from the field, putting together his best game in a Heat uniform. With James and Wade struggling on the perimeter, it was Bosh who helped Miami rally in the second half.    
 
 NOT:  It's shocking the Nuggets were able to stay in the game with Gallinari struggling so badly from the field. He shot just 3-of-17, including 1-of-9 from the 3-point arc. Nearly half of his 13 points came from the foul line.   
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Allen gets the credit for making the winning basket, but James' decision-making should also be applauded. He drew two defenders before making the easy pass to Allen in the corner.  
 
 BAD MOVE:  James should always draw a defensive crowd, but Brewer made a questionable decision to leave one of the league's greatest shooters. The move proved costly, with Allen knocking down the open shot and drawing the foul.  
 
 NOTABLE:  Heat center  Joel Anthony , who had been out with a hamstring injury, made his first appearance of the season ... Miami backup center  Dexter Pittman  was inactive because of leg strain ... James was honored before the game when the team raised a banner for his Olympic achievement. He is the fourth player in Heat history to win a gold medal, joining Wade,  Tim Hardaway  and  Alonzo Mourning  ... The Nuggets outscored the Heat 72-40 in the paint.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Monday vs. Suns, Wednesday vs. Nets, Friday @ Hawks. For the Nuggets, Tuesday vs. Pistons, Wednesday @ Rockets, Friday vs. Jazz.  
