  Notebook: Timberwolves 87, Hornets 80   By Larry Holder, for NBA.com Posted Friday January 13, 2012 11:15PM THE FACTS: Kevin Love  dominated the stat sheet with 34 points and 15 rebounds as the Minnesota Timberwolves defeated the New Orleans Hornets 87-80 on Friday night in the New Orleans Arena. Minnesota snapped a two-game losing streak, while New Orleans has lost eight of its last nine games. QUOTABLE:  "The last three games, I've been having great shots and missed a lot of bunny shots around the rim and missed a lot of wide-open jump shot. I just made a concerted effort in the second half to get myself going on the offensive end. I really wanted a full head of steam."  --  Love on coming to life in the second half as he scored 28 of his 34 points in the second half. THE STAT:  The free-throw differential was staggering in favor of the Timberwolves. Minnesota went 33 of 38 from the line, while New Orleans only went 8 of 16. Love alone made more free throws with 17 than the Hornets even shot. TURNING POINT:  The Hornets'  Gustavo Ayon  blocked a shot by Minnesota's  Anthony Tolliver  with less than three minutes left in the game. The Timberwolves threw their hands up wanting a goaltending call that never came. In the meantime, New Orleans'  Marco Belinelli  drained a 3-pointer to tie it at 78 with 2:01 remaining. The Timberwolves didn't allow it to affect them as they finished the game on a 9-2 run to win it. QUOTABLE II:  "I think we would have definitely been hung up on that (non-goaltending call) last year. We wouldn't have been able to say, 'The hell with it,' and go from there. I felt like we did that. We all knew, I saw it, that it was a bucket for A.T. (Tolliver). We just tried to shake it off, hit big free throws down the stretch and got big stops."  --  Love on overcoming late adversity. HOT:  Neither team shot better than 38 percent from the floor, but the Hornets' Belinelli and  Emeka Okafor  were the exceptions. Each went 8 of 14 from the floor as Belinelli scored a team-high 20 points, while Okafor added 16 points and 14 rebounds. NOT:  Hornets center  Chris Kaman  had by far his worst night in a Hornets uniform missing all 10 of his shot attempts finishing with just two points. Needless to say, Kaman didn't see too many minutes down the stretch. GOOD MOVE:  The Timberwolves started guards  Ricky Rubio  and  Luke Ridnour  together Friday night against the Hornets, with guard  J.J. Barea  not with the team with a left ankle sprain. Adelman said Minnesota will ride with either Rubio or Ridnour at the point as there's no other on the roster with Barea hurt, and he liked the way Rubio and Ridnour played together against the Bulls on Tuesday. The move paid off Friday as Rubio had 12 points and nine assists in nearly 44 minutes and Ridnour added 13 as the only two players other than Love in double figures for Minnesota. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Actor  Dylan McDermott  sat courtside with Hornets president Hugh Weber for Friday night's game. McDermott is in New Orleans shooting "Dog Fight," which also stars  Will Ferrell . NOTABLE:  The Hornets made a starting lineup change as forward  DaJuan Summers  started at small forward in place of  Al-Farouq Aminu . Summers scored 11 points in 27 minutes before fouling out. ... Hornets forward  Jason Smith  was back after missing three games because of a death in his family. UP NEXT:  For the Timberwolves, Saturday @ Atlanta, Monday vs. Sacramento, Wednesday vs. Detroit. For the Hornets, Saturday @ Memphis, Monday vs. Portland, Wednesday vs. Memphis.  