  Bucks-Knicks notebook   By Mike Slane, for NBA.com Posted Friday March 25, 2011 11:10PM THE FACTS:  The Bucks gained valuable ground in the race for the Eastern Conference's final playoff spot.  Brandon Jennings  scored a season-high 37 points and  Andrew Bogut  had 21 points and 14 rebounds as Milwaukee moved within two games of the eighth-place Indiana Pacers with a 102-96 victory over the Knicks Friday night at Madison Square Garden.  Amar'e Stoudemire  posted 28 and nine rebounds for New York, which has lost five straight and eight of its last nine games. QUOTABLE:  "I believe he (Jennings) said something this morning that it's hard to get up for Sacramento but not the Knicks or the Bulls. There it is. He was on tonight. He was in tune. He played with purpose and as a result had a big night. He a big reason we won, of course."  --  Bucks head coach  Scott Skiles  on Jennings. THE STAT:  Jennings, who entered the night averaging 15.4 points per game, poured in 16 in the first quarter alone as the Bucks jumped on the Knicks early. Jennings, who said after the game that he still holds a grudge over the Knicks for not selecting him in the 2009 NBA Draft, went 13 of 15 from the field, including four 3-pointers. He also had six rebounds and three assists. QUOTABLE II:  "I love New York City's energy... And you still can never forget draft day."  --  Jennings. TURNING POINT:  The Bucks shot 63.7 percent in the first quarter and led by as many as 16 in the opening period. They never trailed the rest of the way despite a strong push by the Knicks in the second half to trim the deficit to one early in the fourth quarter. In the previous meeting between the two teams, the Bucks outscored New York by 23 in the first quarter en route to a 100-95 victory in Milwaukee last Sunday. QUOTABLE III:  "They went in for him so he kept shooting. He had a good night overall. Obviously during that stretch when they were trying to come back and we were able to get some stops, he had two or three baskets right there that kind of sealed it for us."  --  Skiles on Jennings, who scored 14 of the Bucks' 20 fourth-quarter points. HOT:  Bogut dominated the defensive end. The 7-foot center recorded four blocks while making it difficult for the Knicks' undersized frontcourt to get to the basket. New York shot just 40 percent. NOT: Chauncey Billups  continued his recent struggles, scoring just seven points on 3-for-11 shooting from the field. He was also limited to four assists in 34 minutes. NOTABLE:  The Bucks have 11 games remaining to erase the two-game deficit with the Pacers, who lost to the Sacramento Kings on Friday. The Bucks visit Indiana next Friday. The Knicks, meanwhile, appear safe at the seventh seed as they hold a five-and-a-half game lead over Milwaukee. IN THE ARENA: Kim Kardashian ,  Flea, Matt Lauer  and  Jadakiss  were in the building. Knicks legend  Bernard King  was also in attendance and received an ovation during the first quarter.  Funkmaster Flex  was the night's guest DJ. UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Saturday @ Charlotte, Monday vs. Orlando, Wednesday vs. New Jersey. For the Bucks, Saturday vs. Chicago, Monday @ Charlotte, Wednesday @ Toronto.  