Notebook: Wizards 102, Bulls 88 
 
 
 Kent McDill, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Mon Jan 13, 2014 11:50 PM - Updated Mon Jan 13, 2014 11:50 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  At 17-19, the Wizards and Bulls are now tied for the fifth playoff spot in the Eastern Conference. They play again Friday in Washington.     
 
 THE LEAD:   Nene  and  John Wall  each scored 19 points and four teammates reached double figures as the Washington Wizards posted a wire-to-wire 102-88 victory over the host Chicago Bulls on Monday night at the United Center.  Trevor Ariza  added 16 points for the Wizards, who have won seven of their last nine road games and are 10-10 on the road this season.  Carlos Boozer  led the Bulls with 19 points but they had their five-game win streak snapped.      
 
 THE FACT II:  The game was seemingly determined in the first 90 seconds. The Wizards scored on their first four possessions while the Bulls were committing two quick turnovers and missing their first two jumpers, allowing Washington to take an 8-0 lead. The Bulls never got closer than four points the rest of the game.     
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I don't know what it is. We just have a lot more energy and focus. We come out and play hard for 48 minutes." 
 --  Bradley Beal  on why the Wizards are 10-10 on the road and 7-9 at home 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Wizards shot 52 percent from the field (39-for-75), only the sixth team to shoot 50 percent or better against the Bulls this year and only the second team to do it in Chicago. Wall, who went 6-for-14 from the field, was the only player not to shoot at least 50 percent Monday. 
 
 THE STAT II:  The Wizards were horrible from the free-throw line, missing six of their first eight attempts and finishing 17-for-28 from the line. But they outscored the Bulls in free throws, 17-11. 
 
 THE STAT III:  The Bulls committed 17 turnovers, giving up 22 points. The Wizards had only 12 turnovers, which became 11 Bulls points.   
 
 TURNING POINT:  When one team leads the entire contest, there really isn't a turning point. But the outcome was finalized when the Bulls cut the difference to five points at 87-82 with 5:28 left.  Bradley Beal  made a shot clock-beating jumper for the Wizards, and on the ensuing inbounds pass, Bulls forward  Taj Gibson  went into the motion of throwing the ball in -- but no Bulls guard was there for the pass and Gibson ended up just throwing it to Wall, who hit a jumper for a 91-82 lead with 4:26 remaining.  D.J. Augustin  missed twice for the Bulls, and Beal made a 3-pointer with four minutes left to create a 12-point difference. 
 
 INJURY UPDATE:  Bulls guard  Jimmy Butler  played after missing one game with a bruised thigh. Backup center  Nazr Mohammed  suffered a middle finger sprain in the first half and did not return. 
 
 HOT:  Everybody on the Wizards shot well, but Nene was 9-for-14 from the field, including three fourth-quarter dunks. 
 
 NOT:  Augustin tried to get the Bulls back into the game but was 2-for-11 from the field and missed four of five 3-pointers.   
 
 GOOD MOVE:  After playing Nene off the bench for 12 games as he made a return from an Achilles injury, Wizards coach  Randy Wittman  reinserted the veteran into the starting lineup, replacing  Trevor Booker . Nene not only had 19 points, but he also added five rebounds and five assists in 36 minutes. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "It was time. I wanted to change things up a little bit.'' 
 --  Randy Wittman , speaking about the change of starting lineup 
 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  Former Bull  John Salley , who won a title with Chicago in the second three-peat, was in attendance.    
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Bulls guard  Tony Snell  had a significant turnaround. After playing poorly as the substitute starter for Butler in the game Saturday against Charlotte, Snell came off the bench and scored 12 points, going 5-for-9 from the field with a pair of 3-pointers.     
 
 NOTABLE:  With his 16 rebounds Monday, Bulls forward  Joakim Noah  has averaged 13 rebounds in his last seven games. He entered the game ranked eighth in the league with 10.4 boards per contest. ... The Bulls were trying for their first six-game win streak since February-March 2012, when they had both  Derrick Rose  and  Luol Deng  in the lineup. ... The Bulls are 0-8 when an opponent has scored at  least 100 points. ... The Wizards shot 50 percent from the field for only the sixth time this season and are 6-0 in those games. ... After eight minutes of the game, the Bulls had only one rebound and the  Wizards had eight.       
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Wednesday @ Orlando, Friday @ Washington, Saturday vs. Philadelphia. For the Wizards, Wednesday vs. Miami, Friday vs. Chicago, Saturday vs. Detroit.   
