  Notebook: Thunder 100, Grizzlies 95   By Marlon W. Morgan, NBA.com Posted Tuesday January 10, 2012 11:46PM THE FACTS:  The last time  Russell Westbrook  was in FedExForum, he suffered through an 0 for 13 from the floor and scored just four points. On Tuesday night, the Oklahoma City All-Star point guard redeemed himself, making his first six baskets en route to a game-high 30 points as the Thunder beat the Memphis Grizzlies, 100-95. QUOTABLE:  "I was just trying to come out and be aggressive. The last time I was here, I couldn't buy a basket, but we still came out with the victory.   -- Westbrook THE STAT:  The Thunder got to the free throw line 32 times and capitalized by hitting 26 (81.3 percent). The Grizzlies shot just 20 free throws, making just 12 (60 percent). TURNING POINT:  Trailing by six with 1:47 remaining in the game,  Quincy Pondexter's  3-pointer pulled the Grizzlies to within 95-92. A missed jumper by Westbrook gave the Grizzlies a chance to cut into the lead further, but  Rudy Gay  lost the ball out of bounds with 25.3 seconds left and the Grizzlies would get no closer. QUOTABLE II:  "We're both competitive teams and we really don't enjoy each other. We don't like each other, to be honest. We beat them last year in the playoffs. I think we're building a nice little rivalry here between us. It's going to be fun down the line. Both games have been good. Every game is going to be good in the future."    -- Oklahoma City forward  Kevin Durant HOT:  Fresh off an 0 for 9 performance against the Los Angeles Lakers Sunday, Memphis center  Marc Gasol  got back in the flow with a team-high 20 points. Gasol scored in a variety of ways as he made 8 of his 16 shots, while also hauling in 14 rebounds. NOT:  In a matchup of childhood friends, both Gay and Durant struggled from the floor. Gay scored 16, but made just 7 of 21 shots from the floor and was just 1 of 5 from the free throw line. Durant had 20 on a 7 for 20 shooting night, including 0 for 3 from 3-point range. Durant, however, did have 11 boards and five assists. NOTABLE:  Earlier this week, the Thunder became the first NBA team this season to win three games in consecutive days. They head to New Orleans Wednesday looking to win five games in six days. ... The Grizzlies are now 2-3 in games without  Zach Randolph , who is out with a torn right MCL. ... Newly acquired forward  Marreese Speights  made his first start for the Grizzlies, after coming off the bench in his first two games. Speights scored 10 points on 5 of 8 shooting.  Dante Cunningham , whom Speights replaced, came off the bench to score 10 points on 5 of 7 shooting. ... Oklahoma City guard  James Harden , normally a hard cover for the Grizzlies, finished with just 10 points on 2 of 8 shooting. Harden had 20 in the Thunder's first visit to Memphis in December. ... The Thunder got a strong game from guard  Thabo Sefolosha  on both ends of the floor. Not known for his scoring, Sefolosha had 12 points, making all four of his shots, including three 3-pointers. Defensively, he hand a hand in Gay's struggles from the floor. UP NEXT:  For the Thunder, Wednesday @ New Orleans, Saturday vs. New York, Monday @ Boston. For the Grizzlies, Thursday vs. New York, Saturday vs. New Orleans, Monday vs. Chicago.  