Notebook: Magic 99, Warriors 85 
 
 
 Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Dec 14, 2012 10:42 PM - Updated Fri Dec 14, 2012 10:42 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:   J.J. Redick  came off the bench to lead six Orlando players in double figures and the Magic broke a four-game home losing streak by cooling off the Golden State Warriors 99-85. 
 Redick scored 16 points while  E'Twaun Jones  and rookie  Andrew Nicholson , who also came off the bench, added 15 each. Nicholson also had career highs in rebounds (nine) and blocks (four). 
 
 Stephen Curry  scored a game-high 25 points and  David Lee  had 24 points and 15 rebounds for the Warriors, who had won the first five games of their Eastern road trip. 
 Golden State has lost only two of its last 10 games -- both to the Magic.   
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We didn't expect to go undefeated the rest of the way in. We've had a great run  . . . The key for us is to not allow a loss to take us back to where we once were."  
 -- Warriors coach  Mark Jackson 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Warriors are 14-1 when they outrebound opponents, and 1-6 when they are outrebounded. Led by  Nikola Vucevic 's career-high 17 rebounds, the Magic had a 53-49 edge. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "It was kind of imperative for us to have that advantage to give ourselves a chance to win."  
 -- Magic coach  Jacque Vaughn 
 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Warriors had rallied to cut their deficit to nine late in the third quarter when Redick found Moore open for a 3-pointer.  Arron Afflalo  and Redick followed quickly with 3-pointers and the Warriors never got back in the game. 
 
 HOT:  Nicholson shot 6-for-9, leading a Magic bench that shot 19-for-33 with seven 3-pointers. 
 
 NOT:  The Warriors shot 6-for-28 (21 percent) in the first quarter and only 29 percent in the first half. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "We haven't shot that badly in a while. We just couldn't find the basket from inside or out."  
 -- Stephen Curry 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Vaughn killed Warriors runs with well-timed timeouts in the second, third and fourth quarters. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Redick turned his head away while cutting under the basket, and Vucevic clobbered him with a pass that rolled out of bounds. 
 
 QUOTABLE IV:  "J.J.'s been kidding him about not passing the basketball, and today he hit him in the head so he's improving."  
 -- Jacque Vaughn 
 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Warriors guard  Klay Thompson , one of the NBA's true rising stars and coming off a monster game at Miami, was a non-factor after picking up two fouls in the middle of the first quarter. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Warriors starters  Harrison Barnes  and  Festus Ezeli  produced a combined five points and four rebounds in 29 minutes . . . Nicholson and fellow Magic rookie  Maurice Harkless  may have had their best games of the season. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Nicholson and Harkless had four blocks each in the first half, no small factor in Golden State's 15-for-52 shooting . . . Lee had his sixth straight game of 20-plus points and 10-plus rebounds . . . The Magic have won eight of their last nine against Golden State . . . . The Warriors are 9-2 against Eastern Conference teams, both losses coming to Orlando . . . The Warriors will conclude their seven-game road trip Saturday night at Atlanta. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Warriors: Saturday @ Atlanta, Tuesday vs. New Orleans, Wednesday @ Sacramento. For the Magic: Saturday @ Charlotte, Monday vs. Minnesota, Wednesday vs. Washington. 
