Notebook: Spurs 132, Bobcats 102 
 
 
 Derek S. Smith, For NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Dec 08, 2012 10:49 PM - Updated Sat Dec 08, 2012 10:49 PM 
 
 THE FACTS :  Danny Green  scored 23 points and  Tony Parker  added 22 points as the San Antonio Spurs blitzed the Charlotte Bobcats 132-102 Saturday night at Time Warner Cable Arena. Green scored 21 of his 23 from behind the arc as San Antonio picked up its fourth straight victory.  Kemba Walker  led the reeling Bobcats, who are losers of seven straight, with 23 points.  
 
 QUOTABLE : "It was good to come out and play well in North Carolina. My last couple of games, I haven't been able to find a rhythm since coming back from injury. I'm still trying to get that rhythm and confidence and tonight helped a lot. We were able to play well together and also got everyone some rest which helps on this road trip." 
  -- Spurs forward Danny Green 
 
 THE STAT : San Antonio (17-4) set a franchise record connecting on 19 3-point baskets, eclipsing their previous record of 17 which was also set against Charlotte. The Spurs were 19-for-34 (55 percent) from behind the arc. The dozen 3-pointers made in the first half were the most by any NBA team in a first half this season. San Antonio was also 7-for-10 in the first quarter from long range after going just 3-for-31 in their previous three contests. The Spurs had eight different players connect from behind the arc.  
 
 TURNING POINT : The Spurs closed out the first quarter with a 3-point barrage and a 12-2 run which all but put the game out of reach. San Antonio went 4-for-5 from the 3-point line in the final 3:30 of the first quarter, including nine of  Manu Ginobili 's 11 points 
 
 QUOTABLE II : "We were fortunate. We made a lot of 3s. We had a phenomenal night from the 3-point line, and when an NBA team does that it makes it pretty tough on the opponent. It's abnormal, but it happened tonight, so it made it tough on Charlotte." 
 -- Spurs coach  Gregg Popovich 
 
 
 HOT : Green and Ginobili had the hot hand Saturday. The duo combined to shoot 18-for-22 from the floor and 8-for-10 from behind the arc, totaling 45 points in just 50 minutes of total time on the court. There were a total of seven Spurs in double figures on the night. 
 
 NOT : The Bobcats' defense had no answer for the Spurs offense Saturday. Charlotte (7-12) allowed San Antonio to have their way offensively. The Spurs shot 55.6 percent for the game and connected on 50 of its 90 field goal attempts, which included 38 assists. In fact, those 38 assists was a total greater than the number of field goals made by Charlotte.  
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT : Charlotte's  Gerald Henderson  is making strides in his return to action after missing a month with a sprained left foot. The Bobcats guard scored 13 points on 5-for-10 shooting in almost 26 minutes of action. Henderson is averaging 16.7 points in his last three contests, and has seen his minutes steadily increase. 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA : NASCAR driver Michael Waltrip was in attendance at Saturday's game. Grammy nominated artist J. Cole was seated courtside at Time Warner Cable Arena. The matchup of the night in the arena wasn't between Charlotte and San Antonio, but between referee  Joey Crawford  and the duo of  Tim Duncan  and Parker. This was the first game in which Crawford refereed against the Spurs since a photo from Halloween posted by Parker and featuring a Crawford-look-a-like went viral. For the game, Charlotte was whistled for 16 fouls and shot 31 free throws, while San Antonio was whistled for 22 fouls and shot 15 free throws.  
 
 BAD MOVE : Change in the lineup. Charlotte coach  Mike Dunlap  removed  Byron Mullens  and  Brendan Haywood  from the starting lineup Saturday and replaced them with  Bismack Biyombo  and  DeSagana Diop . While the change most likely didn't impact the outcome, the results were not impressive. The new starters combined for four points on 1-for-4 shooting and 10 rebounds.  
 
 ROOKIE WATCH :  Nando de Colo  came off the bench and netted 10 points. He added a career-best six assists, career-best eight rebounds and one blocked shot in the win.  Jeffery Taylor  also scored 10 points for Charlotte in his 17th career start. It was his eighth double-figure game in the last 11.  
 
 NOTABLE :  Michael Kidd-Gilchrist  suffered a tailbone contusion late in the second quarter. He received ice treatment during halftime and was able to return to action. He finished the game with eight points, six assists, five rebounds and three blocked shots. Walker scored 20-plus points for the third time in the last four games for the Bobcats, and the sixth time this season. San Antonio had a season-high 38 assists on 50 made baskets. The 132 points scored tonight was also a season best for the Spurs. Each of the 12 Spurs in uniform scored against Charlotte. San Antonio is now 4-1 in the second night of a back-to-back, and is also 10-2 on the road this season. They also became the first team in the league to reach 17 wins on the year.  
 
 UP NEXT : For the Spurs, Monday @ Houston, Wednesday @ Utah, Thursday @ Portland. For the Bobcats, Monday vs. Golden State, Wednesday vs. Clippers, Thursday @ Atlanta.  
