  Lakers-Celtics Notebook   By Bryan Chu, for NBA.com Posted Sunday January 30, 2011 8:28PM FACTS:  The Lakers drew first blood. But the Celtics came away with the knockout blow. After whittling Boston's lead to a two-possession game with five minutes remaining, it was the poise of the Celtics that surfaced as they used a late offensive flurry to catapult them to a 109-96 victory over the Lakers Sunday at Staples Center. In the victory,  Paul Pierce  led the Celtics (36-11) with 32 points.  Ray Allen  added 21,  Kevin Garnett  had 18 points and 13 rebounds and  Rajon Rondo  tallied 10 points and 16 assists. After having their lead trimmed to 91-87 with 5:19 to go, the Celtics leaned on a balanced effort. It was Allen's jumpers. It was  Glen Davis'  key 3-point play when he muscled through  Andrew Bynum . It was Rondo controlling the pace of the game. And it was Garnett's toughness, especially coming back from a  Pau Gasol  elbow that opened up a bloody gash on his head in the second quarter. That four-point deficit was the closest the Lakers would get. In a four-minute span, the Celtics blitzkrieged the Lakers with a 16-2 run to go up 105-91 with 1:29 left.  Even  Kobe Bryant , who had a game-high 41 points, couldn't do anything about it. He tried to, however. During Boston's run, Bryant fired 10 straight shots for the Lakers, making five. "I didn't think anyone else wanted the ball," Lakers coach  Phil Jackson  said. The Lakers (33-15) have now lost two straight and four of their last seven. Outside of Bryant's one-man performance,  Lamar Odom  added 15, Gasol had 12 and Bynum pitched in with 11. QUOTABLE I : "It is another game, but it's definitely an emotional game especially since losing Game 7 here."  -  Pierce  on what this victory means. THE STAT:  60.3 -- The percentage that Celtics shot from the field. TURNING POINT:  The Lakers took their largest lead of the game, 57-50, at the start of the third quarter, but then Pierce went off. To open the period, Pierce scored 14 of the team's 16 points as Boston carried a 77-72 into the fourth quarter. QUOTABLE II:  "Is it the playoffs yet? No. OK. It's not the playoffs yet. We're still playing regular season games. We'll get there in time."  -  Jackson  on whether he is concerned that the Lakers have not beaten a top-tier team this season. QUOTABLE III:  "Not really. The way we go into (a game) is kind of lackadaisical."  -  Bynum  on whether he's surprised that the team lost. HOT:  Bryant has been on fire of late. He made 16-for-29 from the field and finished with a game-high 41 points. Two nights ago against Sacramento, Bryant dropped 38 on 13-for-27 shooting. Against the Celtics, Bryant, however, failed to record a single assist. NOT:  In order to combat the Lakers' frontcourt of Gasol, Odom and Bynum, the Celtics went out and signed free agent and former Laker great  Shaquille O'Neal . In his return to Los Angeles, O'Neal had an uneventful outing. He failed to score, picked up five fouls and recorded two turnovers in 12:42 of action. At the start of the third quarter, O'Neal picked up his fourth and fifth fouls within a one-minute span. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Rondo came in struggling the last two games, combining for 18 pts, 11 assists and 13 turnovers. The trend seemed to continue for the first 24 minutes. In the first half, Rondo had one assist. But in the second half, he finished with 16 assists to only three turnovers. Rondo also added five rebounds and a steal to go with his 10 points on 5-for-9 shooting. QUOTABLE IV:  "I told Rondo, in front of the team, I thought it was one of his best games of the year. I thought he called an absolutely perfect game. He's our pitcher...we kept saying it after every timeout -- find Rondo. Stop coming back to the ball, run out and he'll find you. Just trust that."  - Celtics coach  Doc Rivers  on Rondo's impact on the game. NOTABLE:  Bryant surpassed the 27,000-career point mark. He joins  Michael Jordan  as the only guards to score 27,000 points. Jordan reached that milestone when he was 34 years, 261 days of age. Bryant accomplished the feat at 31 years, 160 days. ... The Lakers committed just eight turnovers to 17 by Boston, which led to 15 points by Los Angeles. ... The Lakers were outrebounded 43-30 and the Celtics recorded 34 assists to the Lakers 10. ...  Derek Fisher  and  Ron Artest  combined to score eight points on 2-for-16 from the field. UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Tuesday vs. Houston, Thursday vs. San Antonio, Saturday @ New Orleans. For the Celtics, Tuesday @ Sacramento, Friday vs. Dallas, Sunday vs. Orlando.  