Notebook: Jazz 114, Pacers 110 
 
 
 Andrew Aragon, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Jan 27, 2013 2:18 AM - Updated Sun Jan 27, 2013 2:18 AM 
 
 THE FACTS:  Utah Jazz center  Al Jefferson  and guard  Gordon Hayward  made some costly mistakes late in regulation against the Indiana Pacers on Saturday night.  
 Each player got a shot at redemption in overtime -- and each came through. Jefferson scored eight points in overtime, and Hayward blocked a shot and grabbed the loose ball with 8.9 seconds remaining to lead the Jazz to a thrilling 114-110 win over the Pacers.  
 Jefferson had a game-high 25 points and six rebounds for Utah. He regrouped after missing a jumper that likely would have been the dagger as the Jazz led 98-94 with 53.8 seconds remaining. Hayward, who injured his right shoulder while coming off a screen to block  Paul George 's shot in the final seconds of overtime, committed an incredible three turnovers in the final 32 seconds of the fourth quarter to nearly cost Utah the game.  
 Indiana overcame a 10-point deficit in the fourth quarter to force overtime.  David West  had 24 points and George had 23 points and three 3-pointers.  George Hill  flirted with a triple-double with 22 points, nine rebounds and eight assists. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "They still made it tough. Even when we thought we had the game won, they made something out of nothing every time."  
 
 -- Jazz center Jefferson on Indiana's resiliency 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Indiana was uncharacteristically sloppy with the ball, especially in the game's first three quarters. The Pacers committed 21 turnovers with 18 of them coming before the fourth quarter. The Jazz had a season-high 17 steals that helped lead to 18 fast-break points.  Paul Millsap  was Utah's top thief, as he tied a season-high with five steals.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  After coughing up a 10-point lead in the fourth quarter, the Jazz came out refocused for overtime. Jefferson quickly hit two shots before West turned the ball over on a shot-clock violation. Millsap and Hayward made layups off of assists from  Earl Watson  to put Utah ahead 106-100 midway through the overtime period. The Pacers closed within 110-107 before Hayward's block on George's shot sealed the win for Utah.  
 There was controversy after that though as an in-bounds pass by Millsap, with the Jazz ahead 112-110, appeared to hit the back or bottom of the backboard, and was briefly loose before he collected it and was fouled by George with 1.4 seconds remaining. He sank two free throws to give Utah its winning margin. Indiana argued that it should have gotten possession or the play should have been reviewed after the ball hit the backboard. 
 
 HOT:  West had perhaps the worst moment of his career in Utah when he tore his ACL as a member of the New Orleans Hornets in March of 2011. He looked to be all the way back from his injury against the Jazz on Thursday. He made six of his first eight shots and also collected seven rebounds, three blocked shots, three assists and two steals. The Pacers are the league's top rebounding team and it showed. They had a 41-28 edge in rebounds. Earlier it was worse than that, as Indiana had a 34-15 advantage in boards after three quarters. Watson gave the Jazz a lift off the bench with five assists, four rebounds -- two of which came on the offensive end -- and two steals to go along with two points. Millsap shot well for Utah, going 8-for-13 with 21 points. 
 
 NOT:  It was difficult to tell what was worse --  Lance Stephenson 's shot or his body language. The starter shot 0-for-4 and did not play in the fourth quarter or overtime.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "Some bad plays from me. I rushed things a little bit too much. You got to give them credit. Good defensive plays for sure. And my teammates bailed me out for sure."  
 
 --Jazz guard Hayward on his fourth quarter struggles 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  On the verge of what would have been a disastrous loss, the Jazz got back to their bread-and-butter on offense -- feeding Jefferson inside. They put the game in Jefferson's hands and he responded by shooting 4-for-6 in overtime and getting Utah out to a quick lead in the extra period.  
 
 BAD MOVE:  The Jazz nearly gave the game away with abysmal execution late in the fourth quarter. Hayward was the main culprit, turning the ball over on a forced pass to Jefferson and then had the ball pick-pocketed by Hill while he was bringing it up the court. On Utah's last possession in the fourth quarter, Hayward had the ball stolen by West. DeMarre Carroll also had a hand in Utah's bad decisions, as he committed a loose ball foul on George with 9.5 seconds remaining. The Jazz were in the penalty, and George made both foul shots to tie it at 98-98.  
 
 NOTABLE:  Indiana hasn't won in Utah since 2005. ... The Jazz have won six straight games at home. ... Hayward, who had his right shoulder wrapped in ice in the locker room following the game, tied a season-high with six assists. ... Utah is 2-0 in overtime this season. ... The Jazz shot 53 percent. It was just the fourth time this season Indiana has allowed an opponent to shoot better than 50 percent. The Pacers are 0-4 in those contests. ...  Roy Hibbert  had a double-double with 14 points and 12 rebounds. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Pacers, Monday @ Denver, Wednesday vs. Detroit, Friday vs. Miami. For the Jazz, Monday vs. Houston, Wednesday vs. New Orleans, Friday vs. Portland. 
