  Wolves-Pacers notebook   By John Oehser, for NBA.com Posted Friday February 11, 2011 10:31PM THE FACTS:   Dahntay Jones  scored 17 of his 19 points in the fourth quarter, leading the suddenly-hot Indiana Pacers to 116-105 come-from-behind victory over the Minnesota Timberwolves in Indianapolis Friday night. Jones, who played sparingly under former Pacers coach  Jim O'Brien , shot 6 of 7 from the field Friday, including 5 of 6 in the fourth quarter. He also made each of his fourth quarter 3-point field goals. The Pacers have won six of seven games since  Frank Vogel  took over as interim coach. Danny Granger  also had 19 points for Indiana, and second-year Pacers veteran  Tyler Hansbrough  scored 14 points. Kevin Love  had 22 points for Minnesota and the Pacers have now won a season-high five consecutive games at Conseco Fieldhouse. QUOTABLE:  "I kept calling his (Jones) number until they did something different. They never did. He continued to make plays for us."   -  Pacers reserve point guard  A.J. Price THE STAT:  The Pacers outscored the Timberwolves 33-15 in the fourth quarter, with 29 of those points coming from reserves. Indiana shot 76.9 percent in the period and Price also had eight fourth-quarter points on 3-of-3 shooting from the field. TURNING POINT:  For the Timberwolves, it came early. At 13-39 -- and with the Pacers entering the game having won five of six -- it would have been easy for Minnesota to wilt when the Pacers started the game hot. But after the Pacers took a nine-point lead, Minnesota quickly rallied and tied the game 26-26 with a 17-8 first-quarter run. Minnesota led or kept the game close until the Pacers reserves took over in the second half of the fourth quarter. QUOTABLE II:  "Our aggressive wasn't where it needed to be and our toughness wasn't where it needed to be. That second unit that came in to start the fourth -- that's one of the things we talked about the most: to come in and bring aggression and intensity. That turned the game for us."   -  Price HOT:  It's hard to start much hotter than Pacers forward  Mike Dunleavy  started Friday. He had 14 points in the first half of the first quarter, shooting 4 of 4 from the field, including 3 of 3 from 3-point range. He also made 3 of 4 free throws. How hot was Dunleavy? He also had one 3-point field goal on a fast break waved off because officials ruled he had stepped out of bounds while receiving a pass. He had 14 of the first 16 points with 7:40 remaining in the first quarter. NOT:  Pacers center  Roy Hibbert , after several strong games since Vogel took over as interim coach, was quiet much of the game Friday. The third-year veteran scored six points and finished with five rebounds. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Love was productive throughout for the Timberwolves, driving effectively and stepping outside to be a 3-point threat. He finished with 22 points and and 15 rebounds, and was at his best as Minnesota took the lead and maintained momentum in the second and third quarters. He has recorded 39 consecutive double-doubles, a team record and the longest streak in the NBA since  Moses Malone  recorded 44 consecutive double-doubles during the 1982-1983 season. GOOD MOVE:  The insertion of Jones and Price into the game for the Pacers to start the fourth quarter. Jones has played a more extensive role under Vogel and he had hit just two 3-pointers this season before converting each of his two 3-point attempts in the fourth quarter Friday. QUOTABLE III:  "That's what our second unit's responsibility is -- to play scrappy, to play defense. We just have to show we want the game more than the other team."   -  Jones ROOKIE WATCH:  Rookie  Paul George  was used sparingly at times early, but he continues to provide Indiana solid and productive minutes off the bench. He had 11 points on Friday, and his 3-point field goal from 26 feet tied the game 31-31 at the end of the first quarter. NOTABLE:  Pacers guard  Brandon Rush , who had several productive stretches early in the season under O'Brien, is off the injury report after missing two weeks with a sprained right ankle. Vogel said while Rush is healthy the rotation likely won't change unless something changes to give him reason to alter the lineup. . . . The Timberwolves had entered the game on a two-game road winning streak -- their first since 2009 -- despite the absence of  Michael Beasley ,  Darko Milicic  and  Luke Ridnour  the past two games. UP NEXT:  For the Timberwolves, Saturday vs. Philadelphia, Monday vs. Portland, Wednesday vs. Los Angeles Clippers. For the Pacers, Saturday @ Milwaukee, Tuesday vs. Miami, Wednesday @ Detroit.  