Notebook: Spurs 109, Magic 91 
 
 
 Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Nov 29, 2013 11:08 PM - Updated Fri Nov 29, 2013 11:23 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The San Antonio Spurs were without Tony Parker (ankle) for the first time this season. 
 
 THE LEAD:  No San Antonio Spurs regular played as many as 25 minutes in a game that was mostly settled with a 17-0 run late in the first half, as the visitors dropped the Orlando Magic 109-91 at Amway Center. 
 
 Tim Duncan  had 19 points and nine rebounds in 23 minutes, and also played a big part in frustrating Magic center  Nikol a  Vucevic .  Marco Belinelli  came off the San Antonio bench and had 19 points, as the Spurs bench totaled 52. 
 
 Arron Afflalo  led Orlando with 17 points.  Vucevic  shot 4-for-12 with eight turnovers and had a technical foul. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We don't depend on absolutely one player. If we were going to miss Tony for 20 games, that's another thing. But we can replace anybody for one or two games. We are deep. That's one of the strengths of this team." 
 
 -- Spurs guard  Manu Ginobili 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Spurs made all 17 of their free throws, the most made by an NBA team this season without any misses. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Spurs led, 41-40, when Belinelli nailed a 3-pointer with 5:41 left in the first half, igniting a 17-0 spurt in which Duncan scored three baskets. The Magic never again got the lead under 10. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We got a good stretch going. We moved the ball, as usual. And shot really well." 
 
 -- Tim Duncan 
 
 
 HOT:  Belinelli's 19 points came on only eight shots. He made all four of his 3-pointers and had a plus/minus of plus-29. 
 
 NOT:  Coming off a 21-point, 16-rebound effort in a win against Philadelphia, Vucevic missed six of his first seven shots and never got in the game until the Magic were almost out of it. 
 
 GOOD MOVE: Cory Joseph  got his first start of the season in place of Parker and was more than adequate with 13 points, four assists and no turnovers. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Vucevic was called twice for basket interference on shots that almost certainly would have gone in. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "I wasn't really playing smart. Frustration got to me. I missed some shots and then I didn't get on the defensive end; [Duncan] scored on me. He's one of the best ever, but I got frustrated. I can't have that happen." 
 
 -- Nikola Vucevic 
 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH: Victor Oladipo , the only rookie in the game, had 15 points, four rebounds and three blocks for the Magic.  
 
 NOTABLE:  The Spurs' 11-game winning streak ended Wednesday night at Oklahoma City . . . Oladipo started at point guard in place of  Jameer Nelson , who has a sprained left foot . . . The Spurs missed their first seven field-goal attempts of the second half, but still led by 12 . . . The Magic will play eight of their next nine games on the road. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Spurs:,Saturday vs. Houston, Monday vs. Atlanta, Wednesday @ Minnesota. For the Magic, Monday @ Washington, Tuesday @ Philadelphia, Friday @ New York. 
