Notebook: Spurs 103, Grizzlies 82 
 
 
 Tim Price, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Jan 16, 2013 11:45 PM - Updated Wed Jan 16, 2013 11:45 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:   Tim Duncan  scored 19 points and  Tony Parker  added 17 along with 11 assists to lead the San Antonio Spurs to a 103-82 victory over the struggling Memphis Grizzlies on Wednesday at AT&T Center. 
 The Grizzlies (24-13) have lost three straight, each by more than 20 points. All starters scored in double figures, led by  Rudy Gay  with 17, but their bench was outscored 36-21. 
 The Spurs (30-11) were without  Manu Ginobili , who could miss as much as two weeks with a left hamstring strain. Even without his instant offense, the Spurs shot 58 percent for the night including 9-for-18 on 3-pointers. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "It was one of our better games. [But] our defense isn't that good. When something like that happens, it's because the other team is having a tough night." 
 -- Spurs coach  Gregg Popovich 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Spurs had gone six straight games where they had turned the ball over more times than their opponents. They finally snapped that against a team that is the second best in the NBA at forcing turnovers. The Grizzlies, in fact, had more turnovers (15) than assists (11). 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Spurs trailed by as many as eight points late in the first quarter, but they went 9-for-10 to open the second. By the end of the quarter San Antonio had shot 80 percent from the floor and scored 38 points. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I'm at a loss for words right now. When you shoot poorly it's a recurrent theme. When you turn the ball over it's a recurrent them and when you don't guard it's a recurrent theme."  
 -- Memphis coach  Lionel Hollins 
 
 
 HOT:  When the Spurs got hot in the second quarter,  Boris Diaw  led the way. He was 6-for-7 for 12 points in 10 ½ minutes and also managed to hand out a pair of assists. Diaw was 4-for-8 for nine points in the three previous games combined. But tonight he finished 7-for-10 for 14 points in almost 29 minutes, his most productive shooting night this season. 
 
 NOT:  After shooting almost 54 percent in the first half, the Grizzlies were less than 27 percent after halftime including 3-for-17 in the fourth quarter. 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Parker has been putting up big numbers this season against Memphis, though both previous games went into overtime. He's averaging 26 points against the Grizzlies with seven assists per game. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  With Ginobili injured,  S tephen Jackson  created offensive opportunities off the San Antonio bench. He hit a pair of 3-pointers, but more importantly had five assists -- four of those in the productive second quarter. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  The Grizzlies rarely have a 3-point shooter they can turn to, and tonight was no exception. Memphis went 1-for-9 from long distance and was outscored 27-3 from the 3-point line. Additionally, the Grizzlies couldn't find a way to get anything going in transition: They were outscored 12-0 on the fastbreak. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:   Nando De Colo  came into the game with the Spurs ahead by 20 with 4 ½ minutes left. He made his only field-goal attempt. Memphis'  Tony Wroten  also saw action in garbage time with a missed shot and one point. 
 
 NOTABLE:  The 38 points the Spurs scored in the second quarter is a season-high for a Memphis opponent this season, topping the 34 that Dallas scored last week. ... This three-game losing streak matches Memphis' season-high. ... Duncan now has played in 822 games in which the Spurs have won, which places him one behind  Gary Payton  for eighth place all-time in league history ( Kareem Abdul-Jabbar  is first with 1,074 games). 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Grizzlies, Friday vs. Sacramento, Saturday @ Chicago, Monday vs. Indiana. For the Spurs, Friday vs. Golden State, Saturday @ Atlanta, Monday @ Philadelphia. 
