Notebook: 76ers 101, Hawks 90 
 
 
 Matt Winkeljohn, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Apr 05, 2013 11:06 PM - Updated Fri Apr 05, 2013 11:06 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:  The Hawks continued looking for playoff momentum in all the wrong places Friday, when  Evan Turner, Thaddeus Young  and  Spencer Hawes  had double-doubles and the lowly Sixers did what they usually do in a 101-90 win over the stumbling hosts. 
 The 76ers have beaten the Hawks in seven of the last eight meetings, and they got off to a quick start in Philips Arena.  
 Turner scored 10 of his game-high 24 points in the first quarter as Philly took a 40-26 lead. That was the most points the Sixers have scored in a quarter this season. 
 Turner also grabbed 11 rebounds, Young had 14 points and 13 rebounds, and Hawes had 19 points and 12 rebounds. 
 Only once did the Hawks manage to cut the deficit to a single digit after the first quarter -- on  Ivan Johnson's  two free throws with 47 seconds left in the game. That pulled the Hawks within 99-90. 
 The 76ers (31-44) remain mathematically alive in the East, but are five games behind the Bucks for the eighth and final playoff spot with seven games to play. 
 
 Al Horford  had 18 points and 10 rebounds for Atlanta (42-35), which has lost two straight (both at home) and six of the past 11 to fall into sixth in the East, one game behind Chicago and 2.5 ahead of Boston. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I thought that was the best game that Evan has played in a while. That makes me feel good because I spent a lot of time with him yesterday after practice." --  Sixers coach  Doug Collins. 
 
 
 THE STAT:  1 -- the number of second-chance baskets for the Hawks, who were out-scored 11-3 in that category. Atlanta was 1-for-5, the Sixers 5-for-10.  
 
 TURNING POINT:   A lack of defense was Atlanta's early problem. Later, it was a lack of offense that finished off the Hawks. The Sixers led 90-71 with 9:22 left in the game, and then went 3:48 without scoring. That was Atlanta's chance to get back in it. Alas, the Hawks scored just four points in that time, essentially sealing their fate. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "Going back to training camp . . . we've had to be a team that is gritty, a blue-collar team, particularly on the defensive end. Somewhere along the line, we have forgotten who we are. We are not a team that can go out and out-score people . . . I'm very concerned about the mentality of our team." --  Hawks coach  Larry Drew.  
 
 
 HOT:  Ivan Johnson shot 6-for-10 on the way to scoring 17 points off the bench, the eighth straight game he has shot 50 percent or better (30-for-51). He also grabbed eight rebounds. . . . Turner has averaged 20.8 points and 9.3 rebounds over the past four games.  
 
 NOT:  Philly point guard  Jrue Holiday  was just 3-for-14 on the heels of Wednesday's debacle against Charlotte, where he was 2-for-24. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "I don't think it's a matter of identity; I think it's more that we are going through a slump right now. For whatever reason, we can't put it all together." --  Horford. 
 
 
 ROOKIE REPORT:  Hawks guard  John Jenkins , who had become a regular in the Atlanta rotation, missed his fourth straight game with concussion symptons. In his last game, last Friday at Boston, he scored a career-high 19 points. He said before the Sixers game that he expects to be available to play Saturday night in San Antonio. . . .  Justin Holiday , who just joined the Sixers and his brother this week, scored four points with two rebounds and an assist in 6:49. 
 
 IN THE ARENA:  Former Knicks center  Patrick Ewing   was in the crowd. . . . There were literally hundreds of college coaches in the crowd, as the NCAA Final Four is being held this weekend just down the street, in the Georgia Dome.  
 
 NOTABLE:  Atlanta was without guard  Devin Harris  for the second straight game. He received a platelet-rich plasma injection Wednesday in the left toe that has been bothering him. . . . The Hawks have used 27 different starting combinations, and the quintet of  Jeff Teague-Kyle Korver-DeShawn Stevenson-Josh Smith  and Horford is 5-10. The preferred lineup would have Harris rather than Stevenson. That group is 9-5. No other grouping has lost more games  than those five games except the Friday lineup, which is 5-10. . . .  Korver  shot 1-for-4 from distance to stretch his streak of making at least one 3-pointer to 70 games, the fourth-longest streak in NBA history. . . . Former Hawk  Damien Wilkens  is averaging just 6.0 points per game for Philly, yet he had 16 Friday and 21 in Atlanta in a loss last month.  
 
 UP NEXT:   For the 76ers, Saturday @ Miami, Tuesday @ Brooklyn, Wednesday vs. Atlanta. For the Hawks, Saturday @ San Antonio, Wednesday @ Philadelphia, Friday vs. Milwaukee. 
