  Magic-Sixers notebook   By Andy Jasner, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday February 9, 2011 10:48PM THE FACTS: Dwight Howard  was dominant with 30 points and 17 rebounds and the Orlando Magic improved to 15-13 on the road with a 99-95 victory over the Philadelphia 76ers. Six Orlando players scored in double figures yet it had to hold off the feisty Sixers.  J.J. Redick  added 13 points and  Ryan Anderson  contributed 12 points for the Magic.  Lou Williams  paced Philadelphia with 23 points off the bench, 18 in a thrilling fourth quarter. The Sixers made a late run after trailing by seven with 1:49 left, but they fell a little short just one night after an impressive 34-point win at Atlanta.  Jason Richardson 's two free throws with 6.7 seconds left sealed the win for Orlando. QUOTABLE:  "This was one of the best wins we've had in a long time, especially playing on the road against a team playing extremely well the last three or four weeks."   -- Magic coach  Stan Van Gundy THE STAT:  The Magic launched 26 3-pointers and connected on 10 of them. TURNING POINT:  After the Sixers got within 86-83, Redick responded with consecutive baskets -- a tough jumper off the dribble followed by a runner in the lane for a 90-83 advantage with 1:49 remaining. HOT:  Howard was 8-for-13 from the field and 14-for-19 from the free throw line for the Magic. NOT: Jrue Holiday  struggled mightily for the Sixers with three points on 1-for-5 shooting. QUOTABLE II:  "We have to persevere and stick with the system."   -- Redick, on fighting through difficult stretches in games yet finding ways to win FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Howard registered his 42nd double-double this season. He added two blocked shots and two steals. INSIDE THE ARENA:  The Magic always attract a large crowd at the Wells Fargo Center. Then there's the consistent support for Magic point guard  Jameer Nelson , a graduate of nearby Chester High and Saint Joseph's University. But the crowd was clearly pro-Sixers, especially with the way they have been playing lately. Oh, and Flyers winger  Ville Leino  took in the action from a front-row seat. QUOTABLE III:  "They made all the tough shots down the stretch."   -- Sixers forward  Andre Iguodala  on the Magic GOOD MOVE:  Van Gundy continues to show a lot of trust in Redick, and the sharpshooting guard was brilliant down the stretch. BAD MOVE:  Iguodala has played quite a bit at point forward, but with the game in doubt, the Sixers need a true point guard handling the ball. Iguodala committed a costly turnover with the Sixers down five points with 1:01 remaining. ROOKIE WATCH:   Evan Turner , the Sixers' No. 2 overall pick from Ohio State, scored just two points in 12 minutes. NOTABLE: Earl Clark  gave the Magic quite a nice lift off the bench. In 23 minutes, the 6-foot-10 forward scored eight points and grabbed nine rebounds. BIG DAY:  Nelson turned 29 years old on Wednesday. Before the game, his teammates were teasing him about getting older. NEXT:  For the Magic, Friday vs. New Orleans, Sunday vs. L.A. Lakers, Wednesday vs. Washington. For the Sixers, Friday vs. San Antonio, Saturday @ Minnesota, Tuesday @ Memphis.  