  Notebook: Spurs 107, Grizzlies 97 Posted Friday April 13, 2012 12:09AM By Tim Price, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  One night after a drubbing at the hands of the Lakers, the Spurs righted their ship by defeating another team headed to the playoffs. Behind  Tim Duncan 's 28 points (tying a season high) and 12 rebounds, San Antonio defeated the Memphis Grizzlies 107-97 on Thursday at AT&T Center. The Spurs (41-16), who lost by double digits to Los Angeles Wednesday night, got 20 points off 11-of-11 free-throw shooting from  Manu Ginobili . San Antonio, outrebounded 60-33 last night by L.A., finished the night tied 41-41 in rebounding with Memphis. Memphis (34-24) got 19 points from  Rudy Gay , 15 from  Marreese Speights  and double-doubles from  Marc Gasol  (14, 10) and  Zach Randolph  (10, 11). QUOTABLE:  "This was a very important one after the disappointment yesterday (against the Lakers). It was a tough hit. We needed to come back and play hard and feel good about ourselves against a good opponent. We didn't play that sharply, but we played hard. That was important.."    -- Ginobili THE STAT:  The Spurs took an eight-point lead into the fourth quarter and counted on defense the rest of the way to finish this one off. The Grizzlies were held to 29-percent shooting (7-of-24), which included Gay shooting 2-of-9,  Mike Conley  0-of-3 and just one shot -- a poorly chosen 3-pointer with a full shot clock -- from Randolph. TURNING POINT:  Memphis brought the ball up the floor with 2 1/2 minutes to go and trailing by four, but their possession ended rather quickly when  O.J. Mayo  was called for setting an illegal pick out of bounds. A possession later Gasol missed a free thrown before he fouled Duncan on the other end. Duncan was able to make the shot and also sank the free throw to give San Antonio a six-point lead and enough momentum to close out the game in the final minute. QUOTABLE II:  "I guess you can count it was a moral victory. We played them tough. Obviously we wanted to win this game. But it's over and it's our last time playing. Hopefully we'll play them in the playoffs."    -- Gay HOT:  Ginobili's 11-of-11 from the free-throw line marks the second time in his last three games that he had a notable night at the foul line. He was 14-of-15 from the line in a victory last week at home over Utah. HOT II:  Even though Duncan had only two rebounds Wednesday while the Lakers'  Andrew Bynum  grabbed 30, he did shoot the ball well in that contest and it carried over tonight. He was 10-of-15, and that goes along with the last four games that he has played for a combined 38-of-48. NOT:  Gay scored 19 points, but he needed 22 shots to do it. He finished 7-of-22, and that broke a nice streak where he was 28-of-45 over his three previous games. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Duncan has a double-double in three of the last five games he's played. He's got 51 points (17 per game) and 45 rebounds (15 per game) in those games. GOOD MOVE: Patty   Mills  has been playing respectably as a backup point guard the past week in addition to  Gary Neal  trying his hand at the job for an extended period this season. But Popovich let Ginobili handle those duties tonight exclusively, and he had four assists and no turnovers (starting point guard  Tony Parker  had nine assists and seven turnovers). BAD MOVE:  Trailing by six with 45 seconds to go, Memphis tried to chip away at the lead with a two. But when Mayo missed a contested layup, the ball was tapped out to Randolph. Almost immediately, with a full shot clock, Zebo put up a 3-pointer that missed and went into Ginobili's hands. He was fouled immediately and sank both free throws to give S.A. an eight-point lead. ROOKIE WATCH: Kawhi Leonard  played 18 minutes for the Spurs and scored six points and had five rebounds.  Jeremy Pargo  played less than two minutes for the Grizzlies and left with nothing on his stat line but zeros. NOTABLE:  The Spurs might not have been able to defeat the eighth-seeded Grizzlies in the first round of the playoffs last season, but they swept the season series this season 4-0. ... The Grizzlies converted nine of their first 10 scoring opportunities off turnovers, but they finished the game on a 1-of-7 streak in that category. UP NEXT:  For the Grizzlies, Saturday vs. Utah, Sunday @ New Orleans, Tuesday @ Minnesota. For the Spurs, Saturday vs. Phoenix, Monday @ Golden State, Tuesday at Lakers.  