  Grizzlies-Jazz notebook    By Andrew Aragon, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday December 7, 2010 12:48AM THE FACTS:   Deron Williams  had 27 points and eight assists to lead the Utah Jazz to a 94-85 win over the Memphis Grizzlies on Monday night. It was the seventh straight time the Jazz beat the Grizzlies in Utah.  C.J. Miles  came off the bench to score 20 points and  Raja Bell  chipped in 14 points on 5-for-7 shooting for Utah. Memphis was led by  Mike Conley,  who had 19 points and five assists. QUOTABLE:  "I think this one (game) was business as usual. We understood what our week was after this game (games against Miami, Orlando and Dallas), but we understood this was a game we needed to have going into a tough week."  --Jazz guard Bell on his team's ho-hum victory THE STAT:  9.1. The Grizzlies couldn't buy a 3-pointer against the Jazz -- but that didn't stop them from shooting them. Memphis made 9.1 percent (1-for-11) of its shots from 3-point range. TURNING POINT:  The score was close for most of the game until the Jazz put together a 9-2 run that was bridged by the third and fourth quarters. Bell hit a 3-pointer to make it 68-65 and  Francisco Elson  sank a couple of three throws with 2.8 seconds left in the third. Bell and Elson each made shots early in the fourth to put the Jazz up 72-65. After Memphis got within three points later in the period, Bell hit a 3-pointer and Miles converted a three-point play to give Utah a 90-81 lead and put the game away. QUOTABLE II:  "We played hard enough. We played with effort and we played more like ourselves and gave ourselves a chance to win against a really good team that plays very well at home."   --Grizzlies guard Conley on his team's effort HOT:  Bell has put a 3-point shooting slump behind him. He was 4-for-5 from 3-point range against the Grizzlies. Miles made four of his first five shots and scored 15 points in the first half.  Zach Randolph , who is averaging a double-double for the fifth consecutive season, had his 12th double-double of the season with 17 points and 14 rebounds. NOT:  Memphis'  Rudy Gay  scored 18 points, but he missed 11 of his first 14 shots.  O.J. Mayo  missed five of the six shots he took in the first half and scored just eight points. For the Jazz, Andrei Kirilenko shot 1-for-10 and  Paul Millsap  was 3-for-11. Williams has shot 3-for-16 from 3-point range in Utah's last three games and airballed his last attempt against Memphis. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Conley's breakout season continued with another productive game. He scored at least 19 points in his fifth straight game. He shot 50 percent and had five assists and two rebounds. GOOD MOVE:  Miles didn't settle for 3-pointers against Memphis. He attacked the basket, played within the offense and hit 50 percent of his shots. BAD MOVE:  Memphis rookie  Greivis Vasquez  committed a bad foul on Elson late in the third quarter. The Grizzlies only trailed by three when Vasquez fouled Elson near the basket. Elson then made two free throws with 2.8 seconds left in the third to give Utah a lift going into the fourth quarter. ROOKIE WATCH:  First-year player  Xaxier Henry  started for the Grizzlies and had two points and three rebounds. Vasquez only played a little more than 10 minutes and scored two points, but he provided one of the game's highlights with a long-distance alley-oop pass to Darrell Arthur. Arthur finished the sweet pass with a dunk to tie the game at 20-20 in the second quarter. NOTABLE:  The Grizzlies have lost four straight road games and five overall. The Jazz are 10-0 when leading after the third quarter so far this season. Utah has held its last 10 opponents to fewer than 100 points. UP NEXT:  For the Grizzlies, Wednesday @ Suns, Saturday @ Clippers, Monday vs. Trail Blazers. For the Jazz, Wednesday vs. Heat, Friday vs. Magic, Saturday @ Mavericks.  