  Hornets-Bulls notebook   By Larry Holder, for NBA.com Posted Saturday February 12, 2011 11:33PM THE FACTS:   Derrick Rose  outbattled  Chris Paul  as Rose put up 23 points as the Chicago Bulls wrapped up their five-game road trip with a 97-88 win over the New Orleans Hornets on Saturday night at the New Orleans Arena. The Bulls finished the road trip 3-2, while the Hornets have lost seven of their last nine games. QUOTABLE:  "They were absolutely tougher than us in the third quarter. We came out like we were champions for some reason in the third quarter. This is one of those where you can't blame the refs. You can't blame being tired. There was no effort, no sense of urgency."  -  Hornets coach  Monty Williams  on the loss as New Orleans led by as many as 12 points in the game. THE STAT:  The Bulls took the game away from the Hornets in the second half. Chicago shot 64.5 percent in the second half, in turn, the Bulls outscored the Hornets 55-35 in the final 24 minutes. TURNING POINT:  Bulls reserve guard  Ronnie Brewer  stepped in front of what could have been a fastbreak layup by Hornets reserve guard  Marcus Thornton  layup and blocked the shot with 7:45 left in the game. Bulls guard  C.J. Watson  then hit a 3-pointer six seconds later to give the Bulls an 83-80 lead. After a Hornets timeout, Watson stole the ball away from Hornets center  Aaron Gray  and streaked to fastbreak layup to seal the win. QUOTABLE II:  "Big-time hustle play. Big-time hustle play. And that's what I like. Things weren't going our way. We hung tough. If we made a mistake, we hustled back."  -  Bulls coach  Tom Thibodeau  on the late sequence of plays capped by a Brewer block of Thornton's layup. HOT:  After not playing at all against Orlando on Friday night, Thornton came off the bench to score a game-high 24 points for the Hornets on 9 of 15 shooting. NOT:  Paul continues to play timid as he went 3 of 10 from the floor. He ended with 15 points and six assists. INSIDE THE ARENA:  New Orleans Saints general manager  Mickey Loomis  attended the game and sat courtside. NOTABLE:  Hornets guard  Willie Green  made his third straight start in place of a struggling  Marco Belinelli . Gray started for center  Emeka Okafor  (left oblique strain) as Okafor missed his seventh consecutive game. The Hornets are 2-5 without Okafor. Forward  Quincy Pondexter  (sprained right ankle, conjunctivitis) missed his third consecutive game. ... The Bulls had a decisive rebounding advantage as they pummeled the Hornets on the boards 47-26.  Kurt Thomas  and  Omer Asik  each had 11 rebounds. ... The Hornets struggled from the free-throw line going 26 of 39 from the stripe. "To miss 13 free throws on your home floor, that's inexcusable," Williams said. ... The Hornets had their sixth sellout of the season with a paid crowd of 17,831. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Tuesday vs. Charlotte, Thursday vs. San Antonio, Feb. 23 @ Toronto. For the Hornets, Tuesday @ Golden State, Wednesday @ Portland, Feb. 23 vs. L.A. Clippers.  