Notebook: Grizzlies 84, Cavaliers 78 
 
 
 Marlon W. Morgan, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Mon Nov 26, 2012 11:44 PM - Updated Mon Nov 26, 2012 11:44 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:  The Grizzlies trailed Cleveland for the majority of Monday night's game at FedExForum thanks to a lackluster defensive effort, but when they needed it most, the defense showed up in the fourth quarter allowing them to pull out a tougher than expected, 84-78 win. The Grizzlies ended the game with a 10-2 run with guard  Tony Allen  coming up with two crucial steals that preserved the victory.
 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I don't think we ever gave up. All we kept thinking about was the Denver game where we didn't have much energy. We didn't want to let this one slip. We just clawed and clawed and clawed. We were just able to get some stops to sustain the lead and came away with the win." -- Grizzlies guard  Allen . 
 
 THE STAT:  Offensively, the Cavs had their way with Memphis for most of the night, shooting above 50 percent for a good portion of the game. They were at 48 percent heading into the fourth quarter. But the Grizzlies played locked down defense in the final period, holding Cleveland to just 20 percent (4 of 20) shooting in the fourth. The Cavs made just one basket in the final 5:57 of the game. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Grizzlies point guard  Jerryd Bayless , starting in place of Mike Conley who was out with the flu, was having an off night, to say the least. But even when he went the wrong way on a play called, he was able to hit a jumper that ignited a 7-0 run that put the Grizzlies up for good late in the fourth.
 
 
 HOT: Anderson Varejao  epitomized the Cavs effort as he was all over the place. His 22 rebounds were more than  Marc Gasol, Zach Randolph  and  Rudy Gay  combined. He also made 7 of 11 shots for 15 points, including a long jumper at the buzzer to end the third quarter.
 
 
 NOT:  Bayless, making his first start of the season, was just 3 of 11 from the floor, scoring nine points. Bayless struggled getting the Grizzlies into a consistent offensive rhythm for much of the night, however, he did manage to pick up six assists. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "Both teams are very good, Miami and Memphis. We have to play smarter. We took some bad shots. We only shot 20 percent, I believe, in the fourth quarter. They outscored us 22-9. It was just bad decisions and then we had to find a way to get back into the game. We are playing as good as them for the whole game and the last two or three minutes are where we are losing." --    Varejao after back-to-back close losses at Miami and Memphis. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Randolph scored 19 points for the Grizzlies but he eight rebounds prevented him from extended his double-double streak to 12 games. Gasol also had 19 for the Grizzlies to go along with six rebounds. Gay added 15 points and six boards. ... Cleveland point guard  Jeremy Pargo , starting in place of the injured  Kyrie Irving , was playing against the team where he served as a backup for most of last season. Perhaps his nerves got the best of him early on as he missed the first shot of the game and then committed a turnover on the Cavs next possession. Pargo, who was averaging 19.7 points in three games as a starter including a career-high 28 against Philadelphia, was just 4 of 12 from the floor for nine points. ... The Grizzlies had just 16 assists, one more than their season-low of 15 against New York on Nov. 16. .. Despite being outrebounded for the fifth time this season (41-33) , the Grizzlies improved to 4-1 in those games.  
 
 UP NEXT : For the Cavs: Tuesday vs. Phoenix, Friday @ Atlanta, Saturday vs. Portland; For the Grizzlies: Wednesday vs. Toronto, Friday vs. Detroit, Saturday @ San Antonio. 
