  Bucks-Clippers notebook   By Dan Arritt, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday February 1, 2011 2:34AM THE FACTS:  The Los Angeles Clippers aren't known for their winning streaks but they set a record Monday night in a 105-98 victory against the Milwaukee Bucks at Staples Center, their ninth consecutive win at home, the most since moving to L.A. in 1984. QUOTABLE:  "Every game presents different problems for us. We're just trying to grow as a team."   -- Clippers coach  Vinny Del Negro THE STAT:  Four players scored at least 16 points for the Clippers, led by rookie forward  Blake Griffin , who had 32 points, 11 rebounds and six assists while making another case for All-Star Game consideration. TURNING POINT:  The Bucks took an 84-83 on a driving layup by  Brandon Jennings  with 7:47 remaining in the game, but Clippers reserve forward  Ike Diogu  scored his sixth consecutive point to spark an 11-0 run and Milwaukee couldn't cut the deficit back to one possession. QUOTABLE II:  "We went to the bench and [the Clippers] went on a run. We just kind of lost the little rhythm that we had."   -- Milwaukee coach  Scott Skiles HOT:  Clippers center  DeAndre Jordan  scored a season-high 16 points on 7-for-8 shooting. The third-year player and first-year starter contributed seven rebounds, five blocked shots and a handful of thunderous dunks that had the crowd on the edge of their seats. NOT:  After scoring a team-high 21 points Saturday night against the New Jersey Nets in his first start of the season, Milwaukee guard  Carlos Delfino  came back to earth against the Clippers, scoring four points on 2-for-9 shooting and committing three turnovers. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Griffin went over 30 points for the eighth time this season, shooting 13-for-20 from the field. He averaged 26 points and 13.4 rebounds for the month of January, the fourth straight month he has improved his scoring average. He wasn't left out of the dunk-fest either, slamming home a lob pass from  Randy Foye  early on and later throwing down a windmill on a breakaway. GOOD MOVE:  The Bucks began intentionally fouling Jordan with about 3 1/2 minutes remaining. Jordan, a 45.8 percent free throw shooter coming in, missed two of his first four attempts and Del Negro didn't take any more chances, subbing in Diogu. A minute later, Diogu took a charge from Delfino with 1:27 remaining and the Clippers holding a six-point lead. BAD MOVE:  His choices were pretty limited but Skiles probably had a better chance with  Luc Mbah a Moute  guarding Griffin than  Ersan Ilyasova  or  Andrew Bogut . Mbah a Moute at least had the foot speed to keep Griffin from driving to the basket, although he gave up a couple inches in height. ROOKIE WATCH:  Pretty disappointing performance for the other two rookies on the Clippers.  Al-Farouq Aminu  was 0-for-4 from the field with two points and  Eric Bledsoe  was 0-for-2 with two points. NOTABLE:  The Clippers came in as the worst-shooting free-throw team in the NBA, but shot 25-for-27 against the Bucks, the first time this season they've shot over 90 percent. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Wednesday vs. Chicago, Friday @ Atlanta, Sunday @ Miami. For the Bucks, Wednesday @ Phoenix, Thursday @ Golden State, Saturday vs. Detroit.  