  Notebook: Spurs 118, Knicks 105 Posted Wednesday March 7, 2012 11:56PM By Tim Price, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The Spurs'  Tony Parker  got his first up-close look at Linsanity, and he scored 32 points on 12-of-19 shooting in less than 34 minutes while  Jeremy Lin  scored 20 (eight in the game's final two minutes of garbage time) in San Antonio's 118-105 victory over the Knicks on Wednesday at AT&T Center. The Knicks (18-21) have lost four straight games all on the road and played without  Tyson Chandler , who sat out after aggravating a left hamstring injury the previous night in Dallas. The Knicks also missed defender  Jared Jeffries , so the Spurs (26-12) took advantage by shooting 54 percent from the floor. QUOTABLE:  "He (Tony Parker) owns the team. He knows, and we know, that almost every possession goes through him. And when you play and you feel like that it makes you play with a different serenity and cool. He knows when to attack, and defenses don't know what to do with him because his shot has been really good and, if not, he's attacking the big, getting the fouls and making the free throws. He's having a great season and he knows this is his team."    -- Spurs guard  Manu Ginobili  on Parker THE STAT:  Before the game fell into garbage time essentially through the entire fourth quarter, the Spurs had huge advantages in points in the paint (46-26), rebounds (39-28) and second-chance points (25-9) through the first three quarters. The Knicks also had no blocked shots. If the Dallas Mavericks are missing Chandler right now, look what his absence did to the Knicks in one game. TURNING POINT:  The Knicks hit 8-of-25 from the floor and allowed the Spurs to go 12-of-20 in the second quarter. After all that the Spurs took a 58-41 lead at halftime. The Knicks were able to trim it to a 11-point Spurs lead 7 1/2 minutes into the second half, but it was no time before San Antonio was up by 24 and put the game in their pocket. QUOTABLE II:  "Take a guess (how much it hurt not to have Chandler and Jeffries). They anchor our defense. Tony Parker is one of the best in the league. We didn't have our guys who could slow it a little bit."    -- New York coach  Mike D'Antoni HOT: Carmelo Anthony  broke out of a 10-of-33 slump since the Knicks hit the road two games back with a 12-of-24 effort tonight. He was hitting his shot again, but  Steve Novak  missed his chance at a career-best six-straight games in double figures by making one shot for four points. NOT: Baron Davis  missed all his seven shots tonight and is 3-of-17 the past two nights. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Parker is shooting 63 percent the past three games (29-of-46) and is averaging 24 points a game. INSIDE THE ARENA: Kevin Colis , who is a native of nearby New Braunfels and was a standout on the America's Got Talent show, belted out the National Anthem. GOOD MOVE:  Whatever the Spurs training staff has done to keep Ginobili in shape during his injuries this season has worked. After getting a surprising 23 1/2 minutes in his return from an oblique strain on Sunday, Spurs coach  Gregg Popovich  had enough confidence to call Ginobili's number freely. He didn't start Ginobili, but he removed  Danny Green  from the starting lineup for  Gary Neal . That put Ginobili into the rotation without cutting minutes from Neal. Ginobili turned in a 7-of-10 shooting night (3-of-5 from the 3-point line) and otherwise filled up the stat sheet in 25 1/2 minutes: six assists and four rebounds with a blocked shot and steal. BAD MOVE: Iman Shumpert  started out guarding Parker, and it did not work when Lin moved over to guard Parker, and not because Lin couldn't stay close to him one-on-one. It opened the door for Parker to cut around the high screens set by  Tim Duncan  and forced  Amar'e Stoudemire  into pick-and-roll defense. It worked best in the second quarter when Parker went 5-of-7 from the floor and made four trips to the foul line. ROOKIE WATCH:  Shumpert (subbing for  Landry Fields ) and  Josh Harrelson  got starts for the Knicks tonight. Shumpert's attention to covering Parker at times took effort from his offensive game. He missed 4-of-5 shots and committed five fouls. Harrelson was 4-of-10 for eight points and eight rebounds (five on offense). ...  Kawhi Leonard  hit all four of his shots for the Spurs (10 points) and continued to have quality numbers elsewhere. He had six rebounds and three steals. NOTABLE: T.J. Ford , who missed the entire 2004-05 season with a spinal contusion, was involved in a scare when he stayed down following a scramble for the ball under the basket midway through the second quarter. Ford was diagnosed with a stinger and found to be neurologically intact, but he stayed down for minutes and needed two tries to get up from the floor even with help from team doctors. He did not return. ... The last two games Lin has 11 assists and three turnovers, but the Knicks have lost by double digits each time. ... The Knicks haven't won in San Antonio since March 2003, a nine-game streak. ... With the Spurs ahead by their largest margin at 24 points, Popovich was ejected by referee  James Williams  for coming out onto the floor and arguing a call with a minute to go in the third quarter. UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Friday vs. Sacramento, Sunday vs. Philadelphia, Monday @ Chicago. For the Spurs, Friday vs. L.A. Clippers, Monday vs. Washington, Wednesday vs. Orlando.  