  Notebook: Kings 98, Raptors 91   By Duane Watson, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday January 11, 2012 11:11PM THE FACTS:  If we needed to be reminded that field goal percentages throughout the league were down this season, the Toronto Raptors (4-7) and Sacramento Kings (4-7) put on a display of futility at the Air Canada Centre on Wednesday night, shooting 42.5 percent and 37 percent, respectively. However, the Kings prevailed 98-91, due to the Raptors' inability to stop  DeMarcus Cousins ,  Tyreke Evans  and  Isaiah Thomas , down the stretch, outscoring them in the final frame 35-28. Evans led all scorers with 29 points, Cousins contributed 21 and 19 rebounds. Rookie guard Thomas scored 20 points, with 12 of them coming in the fourth quarter.  Leandro Barbosa  led the Raptors with 20 points, while  DeMar DeRozan  and  Jose Calderon  each had 13. QUOTABLE:  "I just play with a chip on my shoulder. I'm out here with everybody so I feel I'm just as good as everybody else. When I step on the court, I'm playing to win and doing what I can to get my team to win and I did a pretty good job of that tonight."   -- Kings rookie Isaiah Thomas, who was the final pick of the 2011 draft THE STAT:  Bench scoring was heavily in favor of the Raptors (43-26), whose starters couldn't get it going early. Their bench was led by Barbosa accounting for more than half of those points and kept them very much in the game. TURNING POINT:  Tyreke Evans' two free throws with 42 seconds left slammed the door shut 90-80 and sent Raptors fans to the aisles, despite the subsequent parade to the free throw line. QUOTABLE II:  "I told our guys when you get a road win it's like winning two because you actually get the win and you get a confidence booster that you know you can play well on the road."   -- Kings head coach  Keith Smart  on his team's first road win of the season. HOT:  Cousins' line of 21 points and 19 rebounds is impressive, but considering that 13 of those points and 12 of those rebounds happened during the second half shows that he showed up when his team needed him most. The Raptors had no answer for him defensively. Thomas also was hot at the right time with 12 points in the fourth quarter including 2-for-4 shooting from behind the arc. NOT:  Despite averaging 23.5 points on (.515) shooting,  Andrea Bargnani  had a horrible night, shooting 0-for-3 from the 3-point line and 2-for-13 from the field. His inability to get going offensively hurt the Raptors as his off night didn't allow them to open up the floor. NOTABLE:  Raptors forward  Linas Kleiza  played in his first game of the season, returning from knee surgery, scoring 10 points in 14 minutes. ... The win is the Kings' first road win of the season and ends the Kings' losing streak in Toronto of seven games dating back to 2004. ... Bargnani left the game in the fourth quarter with a strained calf. UP NEXT:  For the Raptors: Friday vs. Indiana, Saturday @ Chicago, Monday @ Atlanta. For the Kings, Friday @ Houston, Saturday @ Dallas, Tuesday @ Minnesota  