  Notebook: Spurs 104, Jazz 89   By Tim Price, for NBA.com Posted Sunday January 1, 2012 12:14AM THE FACTS: Manu Ginobili  hit nine of 10 shots, including his first five 3-pointers, and the San Antonio Spurs brought in the New Year with the trappings of a 104-89 victory over the Utah Jazz on Saturday at AT&T Center. Behind Ginobili's 23 points and San Antonio's 10-for-16 3-point shooting, the Spurs (3-1) allowed their fans to leave early and get to their New Year's Eve parties in plenty of time to throw confetti while leading by as many as 24 points in the third quarter. Utah (1-3) was led by  Al Jefferson , who was 10-for-19 for 21 points and 11 rebounds after missing the previous night's game with right ankle inflammation. QUOTABLE:  "It's one of those games that you start with the right foot and the shots went in. That's what happened."    -- Ginobili THE STAT:  San Antonio outscored Utah 30-6 from the 3-point line. While the Spurs missed just six of their 16 attempts, the Jazz went 2-for-16. TURNING POINT:  The Spurs led the entire game, but were up by only five a minute into the second quarter. San Antonio had taken just two shots from the 3-point line for the game, but the Spurs started putting the long ball in the air like the batting-practice nets were lined up on the court. During the next four minutes they let fly six 3-pointers, hit them all, and outscored Utah 20-8 to go up by 17. The closest the Jazz got after that was eight points with three and a half minutes left in the first half. QUOTABLE II:  "It wasn't a great effort out there tonight. We missed some rotations, they made some 3-point shots and we lost it from there. We didn't trust the right rotations. We ran to the wrong guy and they spread us out a little bit. We left the shooters open."    -- Jazz coach  Tyrone Corbin HOT:  Ginobili scored his 23 points in 24 minutes. Not only did he hit his first five 3-pointers, he started 7-for-7 overall. He has shot 50 percent or better in his last three games (19-for-28, 68 percent). NOT: Tim Duncan  got off to a 1-for-7 start, which was in keeping with his 10-for-28 performance from the floor from the first three games of the season. But kept on the floor along with the Spurs reserves and working against rookie  Enes Kanter  for much of the third quarter, Duncan rallied by going 3-for-6 before sitting the fourth quarter. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Jefferson's 21-11 performance was a good tick upward from his first two games this season. He had been averaging 11.5 points and 7.5 rebounds coming into the contest. GOOD MOVE:  After missing one game, Jefferson was back in the lineup and started alongside  Paul Millsap  in the Jazz frontcourt for the first time this season. The pair combined for 29 points on 14-for-26 shooting, 18 rebounds (five offensive), three steals and two blocks. Utah outscored San Antonio 48-36 in the paint and held a 17-9 advantaged in second-chance points. The trouble for Utah clearly was not on the inside. BAD MOVE:  Despite the Spurs getting hot and hotter with their 3-point shot, the Jazz were unable to get out and chase any of the shooters off the line. The first five 3-pointers the Spurs put up in the decisive second quarter were mostly open looks. Not until  Josh Howard  got out and got a hand up on a Ginobili shot with a minute and a half left in the first half did the Jazz manage to contest threes. ROOKIE WATCH: Kawhi Leonard  (San Diego State) added seven points to his six rebounds in 21 minutes for the Spurs. Fellow Spurs first-rounder  Corey Joseph  (Texas) saw three minutes but missed his only shot and turned it over once. Kanter (Kentucky) saw what it was like to guard Duncan, and he scored seven points, had a blocked shot and a pair of steals.  Alec Burks  (Colorado) played less than three minutes for Utah but hit both his shots from the floor. NOTABLE: Gregg Popovich  recorded career victory No. 800 with the win, putting him second all-time behind  Jerry Sloan  (1,127) for coaching victories with one team. ... Despite recording a 20-point night that featured 10-for-16 shooting and 11 rebounds in a starting role at center,  Derrick Favors  was not in the starting lineup against San Antonio. Off the bench Favors sputtered with seven points (2-for-6 from the floor) and seven rebounds in 23 minutes. ... Howard was called for a flagrant-1 foul late in the third quarter. UP NEXT:  For the Jazz, Monday vs. New Orleans, Tuesday vs. Milwaukee, Friday vs. Memphis. For the Spurs, Monday @ Minnesota, Wednesday vs. Golden State, Thursday vs. Dallas.  