  Notebook: Pacers 106, Magic 85   By Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com Posted Sunday January 29, 2012 10:28PM THE FACTS:   Danny Granger  scored 24 points and the Indiana Pacers pulled away in the second half to a 106-85 victory over the reeling Orlando Magic. David West  and  George Hill  added 16 points each as the Pacers broke a six-game losing streak against Orlando. Hill's production led Indiana to a 42-16 advantage in bench scoring. Dwight Howard  had 24 points and 13 rebounds for the Magic, who have lost four of their last five. QUOTABLE:  "For the last couple of games our bench has been shaky . . . Tonight our starters really challenged us to step up a little bit more and turn it up. Everybody on this bench came in and contributed something to this win."   -- Pacers guard  George Hill . THE STAT:  In a seven-day period, the Magic have lost by 31, 26 and 21 points, and that does not include blowing a 27-point lead at home. QUOTABLE II:  "It's been a miserable week overall. I wish I could pinpoint one thing. I wish there was an algebraic equation to have a final answer."   -- Magic guard  J.J. Redick . TURNING POINT:  After the Magic had erased a 15-point deficit by closing the first half on a 22-4 run, Granger and  David West  scored two baskets each on Indiana's 10-1 run to open the second half. QUOTABLE III:  "We know if we're going to win on the road, we've got to respond to teams' runs, and we responded in the second half."   -- Indiana coach  Frank Vogel . HOT:  With 8:50 left in the game, both teams were shooting exactly 50 percent, but the Pacers had a 16-point lead because they had taken 20 more shots (and the Magic had missed 11 free throws). NOT:  In 24 minutes off the Magic bench, Glen Davis did not score. GOOD MOVE:  The Pacers came out with full-court pressure, causing 11 first-quarter turnovers. "We've got to handle that better," said Magic coach  Stan Van Gundy . "It's the NBA. Come on, you've got to get the ball up the floor." BAD MOVE:  Van Gundy may have waited too long to call his first timeout of the second half, which came at 7:31 of the third quarter after Indiana had outscored the Magic, 13-3. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Howard's free throw shooting (4-for-15) continues to be a major drawback. NOTABLE:  The Pacers have yet to lose two straight this season. ...  Jameer Nelson  sat out the game with "concussion-like symptoms," and the Magic point guard will not travel with the team to Philadelphia. ... The Magic made 10-of-23 3-point shots, losing for the first time this season when making nine or more. UP NEXT:  For the Pacers, Tuesday vs. New Jersey, Wednesday @ Minnesota, Friday @ Dallas. For the Magic, Monday @ Philadelphia, Wednesday vs. Cleveland.  