
 Clippers-Spurs notebook   By Tim Price, for NBA.com Posted Thursday November 11, 2010 1:29AM THE FACTS: Tony Parker  scored 21 points and added nine assists as the San Antonio Spurs preyed on the decimated Los Angeles Clippers, who were playing without three starters, for a 107-95 victory Wednesday at AT&T Center. The Spurs (6-1) have won five-straight and the 1-8 Clippers -- playing without starters  Baron Davis ,  Eric Gordon  and  Chris Kaman  and reserve  Randy Foye  -- finished off an 0-4 road trip and lost their 19th consecutive game to San Antonio. QUOTABLE:  "I'm a little tired. We've got, what, four guys hurt, five guys hurt? So, it's weird. We came out of the locker room to warm up and we've got half our team out there."   --  Clippers rookie  Blake Griffin THE STAT:  For the Clippers it was fewer players, not as much energy to defend. Los Angeles was whistled for 24 fouls (plus two technicals, compared to 17 fouls against San Antonio) and the Spurs made 26-of-30 fouls shots while the Clippers got to the free-throw line 14 times. TURNING POINT:  When Parker looked at the inactive list and figured out two rookies --  Eric Bledsoe  and  Willie Warren  -- would handle the Clippers' point guard duties -- Parker got aggressive. Even with the Clippers playing ample zone and rotating bigger players like  Rasual Butler  and  Ryan Gomes  up to the defensive top, Parker sparked the Spurs to a 9-point first-quarter lead and then scored on three layups and had a pair of assists in a seven-minute span of the third quarter when San Antonio finished the quarter on a 21-6 run and took a 14-point lead to the fourth quarter. QUOTABLE II:  "I thought the team defense on Blake (Griffin) was very good, and that was probably the best part of the defense. We took the ball out of his hands or made him take tough shots. That was a bright spot." --  Spurs coach  Gregg Popovich HOT:   Manu Ginobili  scored 22 points and hit 3-of-5 3-pointers along with all seven foul shots. He's 12-of-27 (44 percent) from the 3-point line the past three games after going 4-of-18 in the three games prior to that. NOT:   Griffin  was a garbage-time slam dunk from his worst game as a pro. He finished with 11 points on 5-of-18 shooting. His worsts are the 4-of-15 night vs. Dallas on Oct. 31 and 10 points Tuesday at New Orleans. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:   Richard Jefferson  matched Ginobili's 22 points, and it's the third time in four games he's gone for more than 20. The only night he's missed during that time was Monday night when he drew the assignment against Charlotte-leading scorer  Gerald Wallace , and Jefferson helped limit him to 7 points on 2-of-11 shooting. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Spurs rookie  Gary Neal  was inside the arena, but he didn't play until 1:11 left in the game and the Spurs 11 up with the game in their pocket. Neal has been hot -- he went 5-of-7 from the 3-point line for 15 points in a four-point win Monday at Charlotte, and when the Spurs beat the Clippers nine days ago he was 4-of-8 for a career-high 16 points. GOOD MOVE:   Tim Duncan  has spent the past two days fighting off flu-like symptoms. So when he was struggling through a night where he scored six points, rookie  Tiago Splitter  came in during the third-quarter run that saw the Spurs blow open the game. Splitter converted an offensive rebound and blocked a shot. BAD MOVE:  In 2 1/2 minutes to start the second quarter in relief of Griffin, Clippers forward  Brian Cook  took five shots and made two of them, including a 3-pointer. Then he came out, and the Spurs had a double-digit lead within 4 1/2 minutes. ROOKIE WATCH:   Al-Farouq Aminu  scored a career-high 20 against New Orleans on Tuesday. He struggled through three quarters with six points before finishing with 10 in 26 minutes. NOTABLE:  The Hornets'  Chris Paul  played only 28 minutes Tuesday when the Clippers came to New Orleans, including none in the fourth quarter, but Parker stuck around for his usual 36 minutes against LA. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Friday vs. Detroit, Monday vs. New Jersey, Wednesday @ Minnesota. For the Spurs, Saturday vs. Philadelphia, Sunday @ Oklahoma City, Wednesday vs. Chicago. 
