Notebook: Grizzlies 104, Suns 99 
 
 
 Marlon W. Morgan, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Jan 11, 2014 12:00 AM - Updated Sat Jan 11, 2014 12:01 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  With his career-high tying 31 points, Memphis guard  Mike Conley  became the first Grizzlies player to score 30 points in back-to-back games since former Memphis star  Rudy Gay  did it Nov. 2-3, 2010. 
 
 THE LEAD:  The Memphis Grizzlies resorted to their defensive ways, holding the Phoenix Suns to 32 percent shooting in the second half, which allowed them to rally for a 104-99 win Friday night at FedExForum. The Grizzlies are not 3-0 against the Suns this season, with one game remaining in the season series.  
 
 Zach Randolph  added 20 points and 13 rebounds for Memphis (16-19), while also tying his season-high of seven assists. The Suns (21-14) were led by  Goran Dragic , who had 21 points and eight assists.  Markieff Morris  had 17 points off the Suns' bench. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I'd love to be [an All-Star]. I feel like I'm just showing people what I can do. I'm just going to continue playing and try to get wins and see what happens because I have no control over it. But I feel like I'm playing at an all-time level right now."  
 -- Grizzlies guard Mike Conley 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Grizzlies had 14 offensive rebounds to extend their streak of consecutive games with 10 or more offensive rebounds to 14. That is the longest current streak in the NBA. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  After missing out on several chances to take their first lead since the first quarter, the Grizzlies finally did so when Conley tied the game with a jumper, then nailed a 3-pointer with 2:43 to put them on top. That was in the middle of a 7-0 Grizzlies' run. The Grizzlies never relinquished that lead. 
 
 HOT:  After being outplayed by Dragic the team's last meeting in Phoenix, Conley was looking to redeem himself. Dragic outscored him, 33-11, in that encounter. Conley made 11 of his 19 shots from the floor, including the 3 to put his team back on top late, while also dishing out seven assists. 
 
 NOT:  It was a tough night for Grizzlies' forward  Tayshaun Prince . At one point, Prince was 0-for-3 from the floor and after missing his fourth straight free throw, he was booed by the Forum crowd. On the Grizzlies next trip down the floor, he hit a 3-pointer and had some choice words for the some fans who had been riding him all night. Prince finished with three points on 1-for-5 shooting. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We were really focused on getting boards, and they still get them. They are a tough team for us, for whatever reason. Mike Conley made a bunch of great plays at the end of the game."  
 -- Phoenix coach  Jeff Hornacek 
 
 
 NOTABLE:   Ed Davis  has feasted on the Suns in all three games. He had 21 points and 12 rebounds filling in as a starter for Randolph on Dec. 3. Last week in Phoenix, Davis had 16 points and 11 rebounds. And Friday night, he scored 10 points and hauled in a career-high 17 rebounds. His 13 defensive rebounds were also a career-high. Three of his four double-doubles this season have come against the Suns. ... The Grizzlies are now 8-3 against the Pacific Division, their best record against any division this season. ... The Suns lost for just the third time when having one day of rest. They are not 15-3 in such games. ... After making 10 of their first 20 3-pointers, the Suns finished the game going 1 of 10 from behind the arc. ... The Suns entered the game leading the NBA in fast break points with 19 per game. The Grizzlies put a halt to that, holding Phoenix to just five fast break points. ... Dragic is averaging 23.3 points and 6.7 assists against the Grizzlies this season. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Suns, Saturday @ Detroit, Monday @ New York, Wednesday vs. L.A. Lakers. For the Grizzlies, Sunday vs. Atlanta, Tuesday vs. Oklahoma City, Wednesday @ Milwaukee.  
