  Notebook: Wizards 101, Cavaliers 98 Posted Saturday March 3, 2012 11:37PM By Daimon Eklund, for NBA.com THE FACTS: Jordan Crawford  scored 31 points and the Washington Wizards held off a Cleveland Cavaliers late rally for a 101-98 win. Crawford had 12 points in the fourth quarter as he led Washington to a 10-point lead with less than four minutes to play.  John Wall  added 24 points and five assists for the Wizards. Antawn Jamison  scored 29 for Cleveland and  Kyrie Irving  added 20, including eight of the Cavaliers' final nine points. Jamison missed a 3-pointer with 35 seconds left that would have tied the game. QUOTABLE:  "I think I saw some packs of cigarettes falling on the floor again with our bad habits coming back at times. We're going to have to fix that. Again, this was a game we made harder than we should've, but that's the learning process."  --  Wizards head coach  Randy Wittman. THE STAT:  Crawford scored 10 points during a 15-4 Washington run over about three and a half minutes in the fourth quarter, which gave the Wizards a 96-86 lead with 3:45 left. Crawford had two 3-pointers in that stretch, and tied his career high with five 3-pointers in the game. TURNING POINT:  Cleveland led 33-24 at the end of the first quarter, and Jamison already had 15 points. The Cavaliers seemed to have the Wizards on the ropes, but  Roger Mason  came out and scored Washington's first nine points of the second quarter -- including a four-point play -- and the Wizards started to come to life. HOT:  Crawford is averaging 21.8 points and is shooting 52.8 percent from the field in his last eight games, well above his season marks of 12.8 ppg and 39.8 percent going into Saturday's game. NOT:  Cleveland forward  Omri Casspi  was not in the starting lineup for the first time this season as coach  Byron Scott  instead went with Alonzo Gee. Gee had 11 points and five rebounds, and Casspi scored three points in less than 10 minutes. QUOTABLE II:  "It's frustrating. We definitely need to get back on the right track. This is not the way we wanted to start out the second half of the season after the All-Star break."  --  Irving. GOOD MOVE:  Wittman went to his second unit to start the second quarter. Along with Mason,  Shelvin Mack ,  Jan Vesely  and  Maurice Evans  came off the bench and took the Wizards from nine points down to a one-point lead in the opening six minutes of the quarter. NOTABLE:  Washington forward  Andray Blatche  came back from a strained left calf and played for the first time since Jan. 28. He scored just one point, but had nine rebounds and five assists in 21 minutes. ... Jamison was playing in Washington for the first time since the Wizards traded him to Cleveland in 2010. UP NEXT:  For the Cavaliers, Monday vs. Jazz, Wednesday @ Nuggets, Friday @ Thunder. For the Wizards, Monday vs. Warriors, Wednesday vs. Lakers, Saturday vs. Trail Blazers.  