  Heat-Bulls notebook   By Shandel Richardson, for NBA.com Posted Sunday March 6, 2011 5:03PM THE FACTS:  The Chicago Bulls defeated the Miami Heat 87-86 Sunday at AmericanAirlines Arena, completing a sweep of the season series. The Bulls rallied from a 12-point, first-half deficit behind the play of guard  Derrick Rose  and  Luol Deng . Rose led all scorers with 27 points, continuing to make a case for the league's MVP award. Deng finished with 18 points, including the winning free throws in the closing seconds. The Heat had a chance for the win, but  LeBron James  missed a driving layup. Heat guard  Dwyane Wade , who grabbed the rebound, then missed a jumper from the corner as time expired. James led the Heat with 26 points. QUOTABLE:  "I thought we hung tough. A lot of things didn't go our way in the first half, but we came back, got aggressive and we fought our way back into it. It wasn't pretty but we got the win."   -- Bulls coach  Tom Thibodeau THE STAT:  The Bulls improved to 41-6 when holding an opponent under 90 points. TURNING POINT:  When James and Wade went cold for the Heat. They were unstoppable in the first half, combining for 47 points. They scored just 10 points after intermission, allowing the Magic the opportunity to make a run. QUOTABLE II:  "There is nothing else we can do other than stay together and stay with this. We need to have a stubbornness to keep on getting into these situations and then have the resiliency to finally break through. We did enough things to give ourselves a chance to win, but not enough."   -- Heat coach  Erik Spoelstra HOT:  Rose was able to have his way with the Heat. He took full advantage of Miami's deficiency at defending the point guard position. His 27 points were a game-high, shooting 12-of-23 from the field. Rose scored on whomever guarded him, including Wade. NOT:  Heat swingman  Mike Miller  followed up one of his best games with a 0-for-5 performance, missing all four of his 3-point attempts. The worst part was most of his looks were wide open. At one point, Miller missed two consecutive threes from the corner that could've swayed momentum. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  James put up another near triple-double and was solid from the field. He had eight rebounds, six assists and two steals while shooting 10-of-18 from the field. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Former NBA great  Scottie Pippen , comedian  Kevin Hart . GOOD MOVE:  Deng refused to give up after missing the second free throw in the closing seconds. He grabbed the rebound and was fouled by Mike Miller. He made both, giving the Bulls a one-point lead. BAD MOVE:  The Heat continued their second-half woes. After looking like a title contender in the first half, they once again blew another lead. It's becoming a disturbing trend, and players are worrying if it's mental. NOTABLE:  The Bulls grabbed sole possession of second place in the Eastern Conference standings with the victory. The Heat dropped to 1-16 in games decided on the final possession. They are just 1-9 against the league's top five teams, the only victory coming against the Los Angeles Lakers. UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Tuesday vs. Portland, Thursday vs. L.A. Lakers, Saturday vs. Memphis. For the Bulls, Monday vs. New Orleans, Wednesday @ Charlotte, Friday vs. Atlanta.  