  Notebook: Magic 102, Timberwolves 89 Posted Monday February 13, 2012 10:57PM By Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com THE FACTS:   Jason Richardson  led six Orlando players in double figures and the Magic led the Minnesota Timberwloves almost all the way in a 102-89 victory. Kevin Love  (19 points, 15 rebounds) and  Nikola Pekovic  (16 points, 13 rebounds) led the Timberwlves, who lost their fourth straight. QUOTABLE:  "We are not being as aggressive as we were. We expect things to come, and we have to fight for them. We're waiting for the last quarteer; we have to punch first."   -- Timberwolves guard  Ricky Rubio . THE STAT:   J.J. Redick  made both of his free throws for the Magic, stretching his streak to 33 and raising his league-leading percentage to .959, which would rank second all-time if the season ended today. TURNING POINT:  The Timberwolves had trimmed a 20-point down to eight in the middle of the fourth quarter when Redick and  Jameer Nelson  hit back-to-to-back 3-pointers. HOT:  After missing big shots toward the end of both Magic overtime losses last week,  Richardson  has led the Magic in scoring in two straight games. QUOTABLE II:  "I know that I missed two shots and that cost my teammates, but I'm going to continue to be ready when my number's called toward the end of the game. I'll continue to take those shots and I'm not afraid to fail."   -- Magic guard  Jason Richardson . NOT:  Slumping  Glen "Big Baby" Davis  shot 1-for-10 and was greeted by boos from the hometown fans. QUOTABLE III:  "I'm not usually the most empathetic guy in the world, as I'm told often by my family. But in this case, the guy deserves to have people back off him a little bit and give him a break right now."   -- Magic coach  Stan Van Gundy ROOKIE WATCH:  Rubio had 11 points and a game-high eight assists, and  Derrick Williams  came off the Wolves' bench for five points and six rebounds in 20 minutes. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Magic center  Dwight Howard  had 11 points and seven rebounds in 28 foul-plagued minutes, marking only the fifth time this season he has failed to collect 10 rebounds in a game. NOTABLE:   Luke Ridnour , who started 27 of Minnesota's first 28 games, left the team Monday for family reasons. ...The Magic have won seven straight against Minnesota. ... The Wolves'  Darko Milicic  returned from an ankle injusry, playing four scoreless minutes with three fouls. ... After the first quarter, Minnesota had eight assists and 16 turnovers. NEXT UP:  For the Timberwolves, Wednesday vs. Charlotte, Friday @ Houston, Sunday vs. Philadelphia. For the Magic, Wednesday vs. Philadelphia, Friday vs. Milwaukee, Sunday @ Miami.  