Notebook: Warriors 94, Jazz 83 
 
 
 Andrew Aragon, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Thu Dec 27, 2012 12:37 AM - Updated Thu Dec 27, 2012 12:37 AM 
 
 THE FACTS:  Golden State has gone from road kill to road warriors in less than a season. 
   The Warriors drubbed the uninspired Utah Jazz 94-83 on Wednesday night to improve their road record to 11-6 this season. Golden State equaled its number of road victories from all of last season with the win.  
 
 Stephen Curry  had 23 points, eight rebounds and seven assists, while  David Lee  had 18 points and nine rebounds to lead Golden State, which is off to its best start since the 1991-92 season.  
 
  Al Jefferson  had 18 points and 10 rebounds to lead Utah, which has dropped two straight home games for the first time this season. 
 
  QUOTABLE:  "The guy's an All-Star. There's no question about it. Playing at an elite level. Defending. Being a maestro for us on the offensive end. Attacking. It's great to see him healthy and really being a catalyst for this basketball team and all the success we've had." 
 -- Warriors coach  Mark Jackson  on Curry 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Jazz coach  Tyrone Corbin  said before Wednesday night's game that Utah had to control tempo. That definitely did not happen. The run-and-gun Warriors played at their pace, outscoring the Jazz in fast-break points, 25-5. Utah couldn't get its fast break going or easy baskets with starting point guard  Mo Williams  out of the lineup. The Warriors, meanwhile, ran at will with Curry and  Jarrett Jack  leading the way.   
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Warriors put the game away with a 12-2 run just before halftime.  Klay Thompson  scored for the first time in the game with two free throws to start the spurt, and later added a 3-pointer. Jack drained a 3-pointer, Lee hit a jumper and Curry sank two free throws during the run to put Golden State ahead, 49-37. Utah had momentum before the Warriors' run, getting within 35-30. That was as close as the Jazz would get as  Gordon Hayward  failed to keep Utah's surge going, missing two free throws. The Jazz didn't get within 10 points of Golden State until there were 33 seconds left in the game.  
 
 HOT:  In the game's first four minutes, Curry outscored the Jazz by himself 11-7.  Andris Biedrins  had a season high in rebounds -- in the first half. He had 10 boards in 11 minutes in the first half, and finished with 12 rebounds. His previous season high was eight rebounds against Denver on Nov. 10.  Enes Kanter 's play was one of few bright spots for the Jazz. He shot 4-for-4 and scored 10 points off the bench.   
 
 NOT:  Outside of Jefferson, the Jazz's starting lineup put together a lousy effort.  Marvin Williams ,  Paul Millsap ,  Randy Foye  and  Jamaal Tinsley  shot a combined 8-for-29 and scored 24 points. Williams has been mired in a slump, and he shot 1-for-6 for two points in nearly 19 minutes against Golden State. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "There was some comments made about our basketball team, basically calling us a soft team. I think over the course of the season we've showed that's not the case. That was an old stigma. I'm not pointing to the altercation type of stuff. That's not being tough. Tough is being able to go on the road, withstand runs, mentally execute all your plays and tune out this noisy crowd that always seems to keep them in the game and still be able to come in here and be successful." 
 -- Jarrett Jack 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Golden State's man-to-man defense was effective, but its zone defense was even better. The Warriors' zone disrupted the Jazz, forcing them into sloppy execution and poor shot selection while taking them out of their offense. Golden State was alert and aggressive in its zone, forcing Utah to settle for jump shots and holding it to its season-low in points. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  The Jazz pretty much followed a blueprint in how to lose to Golden State. They played at the Warriors' pace, but more importantly didn't play to their own strengths. They stopped moving on offense and stopped passing the ball down low. They took too many early shots against the zone.  
 
 NOTABLE:  Kanter,  Derrick Favors  and Jack were each issued a technical foul for getting involved in a minor skirmish in the second quarter. Kanter swung his elbows at  Carl Landry  after he was fouled by him, and the two Georgia Tech products then got involved. Jack attempted to get in Kanter's face and Favors pushed him away before they had to be separated by all of the other players on the court. The Jazz tied a season low with 17 assists. Golden State improved to 14-1 when leading after the first quarter. Mo Williams didn't play because of a severely sprained right thumb. Jefferson did not play in the fourth quarter.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Warriors, Friday vs. Philadelphia, Saturday vs. Boston, Wednesday vs. L.A. Clippers. For the Jazz, Friday vs. L.A. Clippers, Sunday @ L.A. Clippers, Wednesday vs. Minnesota.  
