  Notebook: Heat 101, Nets 98 Posted Monday April 16, 2012 11:14PM By Jake Appleman, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  In front of what felt like Miami North, the Nets hit the Heat with their best shot. It was almost enough, but  LeBron James , playing without  Dwyane Wade , scored the Heat's final 17 points in a 101-98 victory. James finished with 37 points, seven assists and six rebounds.  Chris Bosh  added 22 points and 15 rebounds for the Heat. Kris Humphries  turned in an excellent, efficient performance (29 points, eight rebounds) for the Nets, who played about as well as they could have without  Deron Williams . QUOTABLE:  "We know, no matter who we're playing, if it's in Miami or if it's on the road, we're going to get everybody's best. No matter the records, no matter what's going on. That's why it's a 48-minute game and we wanted to keep plugging away until we was able to take the lead."    -- James, on the game THE STAT:  The Nets led for forty-seven minutes of game action, but lost. TURNING POINT:  James converted a layup on a strong drive past Humphries to give the Heat their first lead at 97-96. Then he scored again -- a floating layup in the lane after absorbing contact -- to put the Heat up 99-96. The Nets' fate was sealed on the ensuing possession when they turned the ball over on a five-second violation. QUOTABLE II:  "I am at a loss for words; I don't know what to say. Our guys played their butts off. It's a winnable game, but we didn't execute offensively down the stretch."    -- Nets coach  Avery Johnson INSIDE THE ARENA:  The arena was shrouded in a layer of fog for the first few minutes of action after the Nets used fireworks during pregame introductions. The Nets used the fog as a sixth man, jumping out to a 4-0 lead. ... As has become custom, James was alternately booed and cheered by the Prudential Center crowd. He was also serenaded with an M-V-P chant late in the second quarter. "It was amazing, honestly," James said of the crowd that was almost fully on his side by the night's end. ... Thierry Henry  of the New York Red Bulls sat courtside. ... Six NFL players from the Jets and Giants were shown on the Jumbotron. ... Former Nets rosters rotated around the circular scoreboards during a timeout in the fourth quarter. ROOKIE WATCH:   Terrel Harris , starting for Wade, scored seven points while  Norris Cole  had a nice night off the bench (nine points). For the Nets,  MarShon Brooks  (a career-high tying 24 points, seven rebounds, six assists) played a stellar offensive game and  Jordan Williams  finished with a minimalist stat line in his first start, but was a serviceable space-eater in a humming offense. QUOTABLE III:  "Get out!"   -- James, to Harris. Early in the third quarter, Harris was occupying the corner and James wanted him on the other side of the floor. Harris cut to the other corner where James found him with a jump pass. Harris then air-balled a three-pointer. NOTABLE:  The teams hit 21 of their first 31 shots ... Humphries brought the crowd to life with an impressive rejection at the rim of  Udonis Haslem  ...  Gerald Green  (15 points) hit three straight field goals after starting out 0-8 in the first half ...  DeShawn Stevenson,  who has an acrimonious past with James, played 11 minutes. UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Wednesday vs. Toronto, Thursday vs. Chicago, Saturday vs. Washington. For the Nets, Wednesday vs. New York, Saturday @ Milwaukee, Monday vs. Philadelphia.  