Notebook: Warriors 97, Heat 95 
 
 
 Zachary Paul, For NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Dec 12, 2012 11:35 PM - Updated Wed Dec 12, 2012 11:35 PM 
 
 THE FACTS :  The Golden State Warriors defeated the Miami Heat 97-95 Wednesday night at AmericanAirlines Arena. The Warriors (15-7) scored the winning points on  Draymond Gree n's layup with 0.9 seconds remaining, holding the Heat (14-6) scoreless the final 3:18. Green received the pass from guard  Jarrett Jack , who found him open under the basket. 
 Golden State was led by guard  Klay Thompson , who scored 27 points on 11-for-21 shooting. He made 5 of 13 from 3-point range. Forward  David Lee  finished with 22 points and 13 rebounds, while Jack added 20 points off the bench. 
 The balanced production was able to offset a slow night from guard  Stephen Curry,  who finished with nine points on 4-for-10 shooting. After Jack's basket, the Heat had a chance to win or force overtime.  LeBron James  caught the inbounds pass, but missed a turnaround jumper from the corner. James finished with a game-high 31 points and five assists, but the Heat failed to receive their usual balance. Center  Chris Bosh  scored 21 points, with most of the damage being done in the second half. 
 Guard  Dwyane Wade  (14 points) started strong before leaving late in the first half after being hit in the neck by Thompson and teammate  Mario Chalmers  on the same play. He returned to start the second half, but scored just six points after halftime. 
 
 QUOTABLE :"They're the best team and for us to leave out of here [with a win], it's a total team effort. Especially when our best players are having a tough night, there's something about this team that refuses to quite."  
   --Warriors coach  Mark Jackson 
 
 
 THE STAT : The Heat were unusually sloppy, committing 18 turnovers. Those mistakes led to 19 points.   
 
 TURNING POINT : The Warriors scored the game's final six points to complete the upset, including Green's winning basket. 
 
 QUOTABLE II : "You have to give the Golden State Warriors a lot of credit for this road trip that they are on right now. It doesn't matter where you are playing, if you win five straight on the road, that is impressive. They took control of this game. They played more consistently with the more force and rhythm. They showed poise -- poise more of a veteran team to be able to make that last shot." 
 -- Heat coach  Erik Spoelstra 
 
 
 HOT : Thompson scored 21 of his team-high 27 points in the first half, setting the tone. Although he struggled in the second half, it was his fast start that gave the Warriors confidence to compete. He also had seven rebounds and four assists. 
 
 NOT :  Shane Battier  shot just 1-for-6 from the field. He missed an open look from the corner that would have put the Heat ahead late. Battier has struggled offensively since sustaining a sprained knee that forced him to miss three games. 
 
 GOOD MOVE : For a young team, the Warriors showed a lot of poise down the stretch. After leading most of the second half, they fell behind late in the fourth quarter. Instead of folding against the veterans, the youthful Warriors rallied to victory. 
 
 BAD MOVE : The Heat once again struggled defending the 3-point line. The Warriors were the beneficiary of several open looks, especially in the first half. Spoelstra has expressed his concern about the problem all season.   
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA : Boxing great Floyd Mayweather Jr. was in attendance for the contest in courtside seats. 
 
 NOTABLE : Heat guard  Ray Allen  moved into 11th-place on the NBA career scoring list, surpassing  Adrian Dantley . ...  Udonis Haslem , who sat out Monday versus the Atlanta Hawks because the flu, made his third start of the season. ... Warriors forward Lee recorded his fifth straight 20-point, 10-rebound game. ... James has scored at least 20 points in a franchise-record 25 straight regular-season games. ... The Warriors are off to their first 5-0 road trip since 1978. 
 
 UP NEXT : For the Heat, Saturday vs. Wizards, Tuesday vs. Timberwolves, Thursday @ Mavericks. For the Warriors, Friday @ Magic, Saturday @ Hawks, Tuesday vs. Hornets.  
