  Knicks-Wizards notebook   By Adam Zagoria, for NBA.com Posted Monday January 24, 2011 10:38PM THE FACTS: Amar'e Stoudemire  scored a game-high 30 points and had nine rebounds as the Knicks snapped a six-game losing streak with a 115-106 victory over the Washington Wizards at Madison Square Garden.  Wilson Chandler  added 25 points and  Raymond Felton  had 17 points, 15 assists and four steals. QUOTABLE:  "We knew how important this game was, and we all pretty much showed the urgency for our team to get this win."    -- Stoudemire THE STAT:  After giving up 26, 36 and 29 points, respectively, in the first three periods, the Knicks held the Wizards to 15 points in the fourth. TURNING POINT:  The Knicks used a 13-6 run to open the fourth period and take a 106-97 lead.  Danilo Gallinari  had five of his 17 points in the spurt and  Shawne Williams  scored four. QUOTABLE II:  "We got stops [in the fourth quarter]. That's most important for us. If we get stops then we got a great chance of winning because our offense is playing so well. And when guys are scoring the way they have tonight and we're playing together we're a pretty good team."    -- Stoudemire HOT:  After failing to reach double-figures in three of his last five games, Chandler broke out of his slump, hitting 4 of 8 3-pointers en route to his 25 points. NOT:  The Knicks reserve big men.  Anthony Randolph ,  Timofey Mozgov  and  Eddy Curry  remain glued to the bench, and Knicks president  Donnie Walsh  said before the game he'd like to trade for another big man. ROOKIE WATCH:   John Wall  played a tremendous game for the Wizards. The former Kentucky star put up 18 points, nine assists, seven rebounds and four turnovers. NOTABLE:  The Wizards dropped to 0-21 on the road this season. Their next four road games are at Oklahoma City, Memphis, Dallas and New Orleans. QUOTABLE III:  "Can't talk about it. It's not gonna change till we win."    -- Wizards coach  Flip Saunders  on the streak. UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Thursday vs. Miami, Friday @ Atlanta, Sunday vs. Detroit. For the Wizards, Tuesday vs. Denver, Friday @ Oklahoma City, Saturday @ Memphis.  