Notebook: Heat 114, Cavaliers 107 
 
 
 Zachary Paul, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Dec 15, 2013 12:10 AM - Updated Sun Dec 15, 2013 12:10 AM 
 
 THE FACT: Dwyane Wade, Chris Bosh  and  LeBron James  each topped 20 points for just the second time this season.   
 
 THE LEAD:  James came within one rebound and one assist of a triple-double, and led a late surge to help the Miami Heat pull away from the Cleveland Cavaliers 114-107 on Saturday night. 
 The Heat (17-6) led by 18 early in the third quarter before going cold (6-for-18), allowing  Tristan Thompson  and the Cavaliers (9-14) to start creeping back in. A floater by  Jarrett Jack  and a layup by  Dion Waiters  put the Cavaliers ahead by four, at 95-91, and they led by two as late as 4:29 remaining, when  Anderson Varejao  made the first of two free throws.  
 But Bosh, who played a strong all-around game, hit a jumper. Then James drove to the basket for his first field of the quarter. Finally, after another empty Cleveland possession (a clanked  Earl Clark  3-pointer), Bosh's offensive rebound set up a James feed to  Norris Cole  for a layup to get the distance they needed. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I thought Tristan got it. When he went up to dunk the ball, his back bends backwards, so I thought he got hit. I lost it there."  
 
   -- Cavaliers coach  Mike Brown  said of his second quarter ejection in reaction to a from-behind block on Thompson 
 
 
 THE STAT:   By finishing with 22 points and 12 rebounds, Bosh finished with his second double-double of the season, and first since Oct. 30 in Philadelphia.   
 
 TURNING POINT: Mario Chalmers  wasn't especially consistent, but he made two big 3-pointers, most notably the one to put the Heat ahead 98-97, and halt Cleveland's momentum.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "[The difference of] winning and losing."  
 
 -- Dwyane Wade, on what got the Heat to turn it on late 
 
 
 HOT:  James, Wade and Bosh combined to go 21-for-26 in the first half.  
 
 NOT: Kyrie Irving  scored 17 through three quarters for Cleveland, but faded down the stretch, going scoreless in the fourth until the game was out of reach.   
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Heat coach  Erik Spoelstra  turning to Cole for extended fourth quarter minutes. Cole's aggressive play on Irving helped limit the Cavaliers' offense down the stretch.  
 
 BAD MOVE:  Brown going a little too far in arguing about  Shane Battier 's block in the second quarter. Though, actually, his ejection did seem to spark his team, which tightened up defensively after his departure.    
 
 NOTABLE: Michael Beasley  missed his fourth straight game due to a sore hamstring.   
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Monday vs. Jazz, Wednesday vs. Pacers, Friday vs. Kings. For the Cavs, Tuesday vs. Trail Blazers, Friday vs. Bucks. 
