Notebook: Clippers 103, Trail Blazers 90 
 
 
 Kerry Eggers, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Nov 09, 2012 2:51 AM - Updated Fri Nov 09, 2012 9:19 AM 
 
 THE FACTS:  The Los Angeles Clippers rolled up a 24-point second-quarter lead, saw it trimmed to four points with seven minutes remaining and then regained command in a 103-90 victory over the Portland Trail Blazers Thursday night at the Rose Garden.  Jamal Crawford  -- who played for Portland a year ago -- came off the bench to lead the Clippers (4-2) with 25 points on 9-for-17 shooting. Center  DeAndre Jordan  added 21 points and eight rebounds for the visitors.  Nicolas Batum  scored 16 of his team-high 23 points in the second half and also collected nine rebounds and five assists for Portland (2-3). 
 
 QUOTABLE: " We had a letdown, but those guys had a burst of energy [in the second half]. And this is a tough place to play. I put this as one of the top five toughest places to play in the NBA. That's a credit to them and their fans and how they never stop playing."  
 -- Clippers point guard  Chris Paul , who finished with 21 points, six assists and four rebounds.
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Clippers wound up with a huge advantage in field-goal percentage (.532 - .427), rebounds (44-31) and points in the paint (56-30). 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Portland had closed a 24-point first half deficit to four at 86-82 with seven minutes to play. Then, Crawford and Paul led a 14-3 surge that put the game on ice for the Clippers.
 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I was pleased with the way we came back in the second half. We competed and did a lot of good things. But in the first half, we didn't defend, we didn't give much resistance to what [the Clippers] were doing and put ourselves in a hole. The second half was what we need to do every time we're on the court."  
 -- Portland coach  Terry Stotts .
 
 
 HOT:  Crawford, who scored nine straight points in the second half to keep the charging Blazers at bay. Crawford finished 9-for-17, and 6-for-6 from the foul line.
 
 
 NOT:  Batum, especially in the first half, when he shot 2-for-10. He made 4 of his 8 shots in the second half to finish at 6-for-18.
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Stotts put Batum on Paul early in the second half. Paul, who had a game-high 13 points in the first half, scored eight points on 3-for-9 shooting in the second half against the 6-foot-8 Batum.
 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Damian Lillard  was asleep at the switch in the second quarter when teammate  Wesley Matthews  tossed the ball to him to put it it in play after a Clippers basket. Paul picked Lillard clean.
 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "[Lillard] can play. He is aggressive, not scared of anything. Portland better hold onto him. [The Blazers] have a prize possession for the future." 
 -- Chris Paul on his Portland adversary at point guard, Trail Blazers rookie Lillard, who had 16 points and four assists.
 
 
 NOTABLE:  Jordan's season high of 21 points was only two shy of his career high.
 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Sunday vs. Atlanta, Wednesday vs. Miami, Saturday vs. Chicago. For the Trail Blazers, Saturday vs. San Antonio, Monday vs. Atlanta, Tuesday at Sacramento.

 
