
 Nuggets-Bulls notebook   By Kent McDill, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday November 9, 2010 12:17AM THE FACTS:  A back and forth game ended Monday with the Bulls making the plays late for a 94-92 win over the visiting Denver Nuggets. The Bulls took the lead for good with 3:30 left on a  Derrick Rose  basket after being down by seven points in the fourth quarter. In the final seconds, Denver's  Arron Afflalo  missed a game-tying three-pointer. QUOTABLE:  "Who wouldn't want to play with Carmelo? He's one of the best scorers in the league. There is no way to stop him. But, I'm good with my teammates I have now. We're building confidence with each other and trust with each other."    -- Derrick Rose on persistent rumors that Anthony could end up in Chicago some day. THE STAT:  Denver's  Carmelo Anthony  finished with 32 points (11 for 22) in 38 minutes. He has had at least 20 points in each of Denver's seven games. TURNING POINT:  With Denver leading by seven points early in the fourth quarter, Denver coach  George Karl  pulled Carmelo Anthony from the game for a full six minutes. When Anthony returned, the Bulls had pulled to within one point with four minutes left in the game. The Nuggets did not score for a full three minutes after Anthony got back in the lineup. HOT:   Keith Bogans , trying to answer the Bulls' problems at starting shooting guard, scored 10 points and hit a pair of key 3-pointers. NOT:   Luol Deng  was six for 18 from the field and four of seven from the free throw line. He finished with 17 points. GOOD MOVE:  Bulls coach  Tom Thibodeau  used his starting unit for eight minutes of the second quarter in an attempt to cure scoring woes in that period. It worked, as Bulls outscored Nuggets 27-15 in the quarter and the visitors made just two of 14 shots. QUOTABLE II:  "(Joakim Noah) doesn't need an offensive game. The way he's playing, like 19 rebounds tonight, he doesn't need an offensive game. I'll take a big man with two points and 19 rebounds anytime."    -- Carmelo Anthony on the Bulls' center. NOTABLE:  Bulls coach Tom Thibodeau has tightened his rotation, depending on nine players and keeping forward  Brian Scalabrine  and  James Johnson  on the bench the entire game. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Thursday vs. Golden State, Saturday vs. Washington, Tuesday at Houston. For the Nuggets, Tuesday at Indiana, Thursday vs. Lakers, Monday at Phoenix. 
