  Notebook: Suns 93, Hornets 78   By Larry Holder, for NBA.com Posted Friday December 30, 2011 11:11PM THE FACTS:   Hakim Warrick  scored a game-high 18 points as the Phoenix Suns ended their mini slump to pick up their first win of the season by beating the New Orleans Hornets 93-78 on Friday night in the New Orleans Arena. QUOTABLE:  "When you look at the schedule and you're 0-2, you think there's a chance you'll go 0-66. You look at the schedule after you win and you say, 'Oh we can do this or we can do that.' It's all psychological BS, though. You've just got to go out and play. We've been doing a good job of competing, but our offense has been so stagnant. [Friday night], we got out and ran."   -- Suns coach  Alvin Gentry  on the team's first win of the season THE STAT:  No one for the Hornets really found their shooting stroke at all against the Suns as New Orleans shoot an abysmal 28.9 percent from the floor. It's well below the near 45 percent shooting clip the Hornets entered the Suns game shooting. The Suns weren't even playing good defense even though Gentry said he was ecstatic with the defensive effort even joking saying the Suns are a "defensive juggernaut." It was more a matter of the Hornets simply missed shots left and right. TURNING POINT:  Not having Hornets guard  Eric Gordon  gave the Hornets just about no offense so the momentum was against New Orleans before it even started the game. Gordon missed his second consecutive game with a bruised knee he sustained during New Orleans' season opening against Phoenix on Monday, where he added 20 points and hit the game-winning shot with 4.5 seconds left in the fourth quarter on Monday. HOT:  Warrick,  Jared Dudley  and  Marcin Gortat  shot a combined 17-for-29 from the field against the Hornets for a combined 42 points. Gentry said the offense is still a work in progress, though, as Phoenix's 93 points is the team highest point total of the season NOT:  The stat line might look good for the Suns'  Channing Frye  with 10 points and 16 rebounds, but his early season struggles continue as he shot 4-for-15 from the floor in the win. QUOTABLE:  "I didn't have the team ready. ... We didn't play hard on defense. ... We didn't even play average on defense."   -- Hornets coach  Monty Williams FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Hornets forward  Carl Landry  will be a go-to scorer this season in New Orleans and he proved it again Friday night. He scored 17 points along with nine rebounds despite the loss. GOOD MOVE:  Gentry stuck with Gortat despite playing with a fractured thumb on his right (shooting) hand. Gortat helped slow down the Hornets' momentum late in the fourth quarter by taking a charge on Landry and then making a basket despite being fouled on the ensuing possession to put the Suns up 84-73 with 4:24 left in the game. Gortat finished with 12 points and seven rebounds. NOTABLE:  Hornets center  Gustavo Ayon 's visa issues may have been solved as he can now legally play for the Hornets. But Williams isn't ready to throw the former Spanish league standout will actually play for New Orleans. Williams said Ayon is going to have to earn playing time. Ayon was inactive Friday night. ... Newly signed Suns guard  Michael Redd  was inactive on Friday. Phoenix signed Redd on Thursday to help bolster its offense. UP NEXT:  For the Suns, Saturday at Oklahoma City, Monday vs. Golden State, Wednesday @ Dallas. For the Hornets, Sunday @ Sacramento, Monday @ Utah, Wednesday vs. Philadelphia.  