  Celtics-Magic Notebook   By Brian Robb, for NBA.com Posted Sunday February 6, 2011 6:54PM THE FACTS: Rajon Rondo  scored a season-high 26 points, helping the Boston Celtics recover from a sloppy start and pull away for a 91-80 win over the Orlando Magic.  Dwight Howard  posted 28 points and 13 rebounds for the Magic, who led by as many as ten points in the first quarter. Howard and his teammates were unable to sustain the momentum however, due to the Boston's stifling defense and the spectacular play of Rondo. The All-Star point guard also dished out seven assists and got to the line a season-high nine times in his best offensive performance of the year. Orlando mustered just 34.4 percent shooting and made only 3-of-24 three-point shot attempts against Boston's pesky defense, leaving them incapable of posing a comeback late as Boston led comfortably for the majority of the second half. QUOTABLE:  "Whenever Rondo goes to the basket, we want him to do it with power, speed and be willing to get fouled. And I thought over everything that was it today. He made great shots and all that obviously, but I just liked the fact he had no problem if he got fouled."  - Boston head coach  Doc Rivers THE STAT:  Orlando lost the game by eleven points, despite taking 30 more shots than the Celtics (93-to-63). A significant edge for Boston at the free throw line (34-to-16 in free throw attempts) enabled them to overcome the staggering shot total deficit in the win. TURNING POINT:  Boston charged out of the locker room after halftime with a 7-0 run, featuring baskets from all the members of Boston's Big Three. The quick spurt allowed the Celtics to build a double-digit lead two minutes into the third quarter that they maintained for the remainder of the second half. QUOTABLE II:  "I was awful. I could not find anything for us to run to get a decent shot. I didn't know who to play. I really did a poor job today."  - Orlando head coach  Stan Van Gundy HOT:  Howard -- The All-Star center dominated the Celtics front line right out of the gate, using a variety of post moves to score 12 first quarter points on six-of-nine shooting, sparking Orlando to an early first quarter lead. NOT:   Hedo Turkoglu  -- Orlando's small forward has struggled mightily in the past two weeks while battling a sore back and his shooting woes continued today. Turkoglu missed nine of his ten shots from the field while scoring four points overall, seven below his season average. In his past seven games, he has made a lackluster 23.6 percent (17-of-72) of his shots. GOOD MOVE:  Despite Howard's hot start, the C's stuck to their defensive gameplan of guarding the 6-10 center one-on-one in the post with  Kendrick Perkins  and  Glen Davis . The decision made off as the lack of help defense enabled Boston to limit Orlando's outside shooting to just 12.5 percent shooting from downtown on the afternoon, their lowest number of the year. QUOTABLE III:  "We didn't want to get caught up in all the antics of the game. A lot of talking, pushing, a cheap shot here or there. We did a good job of that for the most part and just played ball."  -  Paul Pierce ROOKIE WATCH:  With the Celtics front line lacking healthy bodies  Semih Erden  continued to log spot duty at the five spot off the bench. The Turkish seven-footer had an emphatic dunk during his four-minute stint in the second quarter. He finished with two points. QUOTABLE IV:  "No player wants to be in that position. It was a difficult moment. Luckily, we got news, opposed to what we were looking at, since it looked really bad. I'm glad he's able and functional. Everyone put him in your prayers."  -  Kevin Garnett  on  Marquis Daniels'  injury NOTABLE:  Davis left the game in the first quarter after banging his head against the floor upon taking a charge. He suffered a bruised head on the play and returned to the game in the second quarter. Daniels was carried off the floor on a stretcher in a scary moment after suffering a bruised spinal cord in a collision with  Gilbert Arenas  in the second quarter. The game was delayed for four minutes while Daniels was given medical attention Daniels gave the crowd a thumbs up while leaving the floor and was taken to New England Baptist Hospital for observation and further tests, where he will be kept overnight. The reserve small forward will be out of action indefinitely, but is expected to make a full recovery according to team doctor  Brian McKeon . The Celtics are expected to call up rookie  Avery Bradley  from the D-League while Daniels is sidelined. Orlando was whistled for three technical fouls during the physical affair.  Ray Allen  hit two three-pointers and is now just four short of tying  Reggie Miller's  all-time record for most three-pointer field goals made in NBA history. Orlando had 15 offensive rebounds and 18-second chance points, while Boston had only four in both categories. UP NEXT:  For the Magic, Tuesday vs. Clippers, Wednesday @ Philadelphia, Friday vs. New Orleans. For the Celtics, Monday @ Charlotte, Thursday vs. Lakers, Sunday vs. Miami.  