
 Thunder-Raptors notebook   By Holly MacKenzie, for NBA.com Posted Friday December 3, 2010 10:49PM THE FACTS:  On Friday night at the Air Canada Centre, the Toronto Raptors took down a  Kevin Durant -less Oklahoma City Thunder squad, 111-99.  Andrea Bargnani  led the way with his first double-double of the season, scoring 26 points and grabbing 12 rebounds. QUOTABLE:  "[He's] playing like an All-Star to me. I think he's doing great for us. He's our franchise player. He comes in and does his thing. Hopefully it continues for him."   --  Amir Johnson  on the recent play of Bargnani THE STAT:  In the third quarter the Raptors pushed the ball and controlled the tempo as they also took control of the game. They held the Thunder to just two fast break points in the third while having 11 of their 22 in the quarter. TURNING POINT:  Trailing by seven at the half, the Raptors came out on fire in the third. Stepping up their defense and trying to run the Thunder out of the gym, they shot 62 percent while holding Oklahoma City to just six made field goals on 29 percent shooting. Toronto outscored the Thunder 34-18 in the quarter to take an 86-77 lead into the fourth. QUOTABLE II:  "It happens. We win some and everybody is, 'Whoopee, hey hey.' Now we lose and everybody is like 'Whoa' in a panic mode. I'm not worried. We're going to be alright. Kevin will be back soon and everything will be alright."   -- OKC's  Russell Westbrook  on the loss and playing without Durant HOT:   Leandro Barbosa  came off of the bench to score 22 points on 7-for-12 shooting. He scored 10 points in the second quarter, providing the Raptors a boost when they needed it as the Thunder threatened to stretch their lead beyond seven points. Then he came in and added another 11 points in the fourth when the Raptors held off Oklahoma City's attempt at a comeback. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Rapper  J. Cole  was in the building, taking in some the game action before heading out to perform for a sold out Toronto crowd. ROOKIE WATCH:  After making his professional debut against the Wizards on Wednesday evening, Toronto's  Ed Davis  played 17 minutes and finished with six points, four rebounds and two assists. He was very active under the hoop and also showed off his passing skills on a beautiful feed to Sonny Weems for a three-point play. NOTABLE:  The Thunder had won all three of their games without Durant in the lineup prior to this loss.  Jay Triano  was named interim head coach of the Raptors on December 3, 2008. Exactly two years later, he passes  Butch Carter  as the third-longest tenured coach in team history. UP NEXT:  For Oklahoma City, Sunday vs. Golden State, Monday @ Chicago and Wednesday @ Minnesota. For the Raptors, Sunday vs. New York, Monday @ Indiana and Wednesday @ New York. 
