  Notebook: Timberwolves 93, Wizards 72   By Rich Dubroff, for NBA.com  Posted Sunday January 8, 2012 5:39PM THE FACTS:   Kevin Love  had 20 points and 16 rebounds and  Ricky Rubio  had 13 points, a career-high 14 assists and six rebounds to lead the Minnesota Timberwolves over the winless Washington Wizards 93-72 on Sunday afternoon. Playing without  Michael Beasley , who will miss at least three games with a right midfoot sprain, six Timberwolves scored in double figures. Rookie  Derrick Williams  had 14,  Wayne Ellington  and  Luke Ridnour  had 13.  Anthony Tolliver  had 11. Washington is 0-8, and lost by 21 -- its largest margin this season. The 72 points were a season low.  Trevor Booker  and  Nick Young  led the Wizards with 14 points. Washington played without  Rashard Lewis , who was scratched with a sore right knee. QUOTABLE:  "I'm going to go home tonight and I'm going to say what I can do as a coach to get us better because evidently right now I haven't done a good enough job. That's evident because we're not totally getting through to some guys, and some guys continue to play the way they want to play and not the way that we need to play as a team."   -- Wizards coach  Flip Saunders  on his team's 0-8 start THE STAT:  Minnesota outscored Washington by 29 points when Rubio and Williams were in the game. TURNING POINT:  When Timberwolves coach  Rick Adelman  put Rubio and Williams in the game with 1:30 to play in the first quarter, the Wizards led 17-13. Minnesota went on a 17-2 run to lead by 11. Washington never got within six again. QUOTABLE II:  "They booed us tonight. We deserved it."   -- Washington F  Andray Blatche  on the crowd reaction to the Wizards' performance HOT:  Ridnour was 6-for-10, and Ellington was 5-for-8 from the field. NOT:   John Wall's  season-long shooting woes continued. He shot just 3-for-10, and two of his three field goals were dunks. He hasn't shot 50 percent in any game this season. GOOD MOVE:  Adelman allowing Rubio and Williams to play 30 of the final 38 minutes. "Today's just an example of how good he is, and how good he can be. Who's to say? He's still working on his jump shot. He's still working on his game."   -- Love about playing with Rubio BAD MOVE:  Wizards rookie  Jan Vesely  shooting free throws. In his first NBA game, his first free throw was an air ball, and his second barely hit the rim. He scored one basket -- on a dunk. NOTABLE:  Washington's 72 points were its fewest since Feb. 21, 2009, and they scored just 12 points in the fourth quarter. IN THE ARENA:  The attendance was 13,095, and many heavily booed the Wizards when the Timberwolves opened a 21-point lead. NEXT:  Timberwolves: Monday @ Raptors, Tuesday vs. Bulls, Friday @ Hornets. Wizards: Tuesday vs. Raptors, Wednesday @ Bulls, Friday @ Sixers.  