Notebook: Raptors 104, Thunder 98 
 
 
 By Randy Renner, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Dec 22, 2013 11:19 PM - Updated Sun Dec 22, 2013 11:25 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Raptors won their fourth straight road game while snapping the Thunder's nine-game winning streak. It's the first time the Raps have won four straight on the road since 2002. 
 
 THE LEAD:  After coming back from 19 down to beat Dallas on Friday night, the Toronto Raptors (11-14) rallied from 11 down late in the third quarter to give the Oklahoma City Thunder (22-5) their first home loss of the season 104-98. The Thunder are the last team in the NBA to lose at home. 
 The Raptors shot just 39.6 percent but had five players in double figures. Point guard  Kyle Lowry  led the way with 22 points, nine assists and seven rebounds.  DeMar DeRozan  and  Amir Johnson  each finished with 17, and Johnson added 13 rebounds.  John Salmons  came off the bench to score 14 points. 
 The Thunder managed to get just two players,  Kevin Durant  and  Russell Westbrook , into double figures and shot just 36.8 percent as a team. Westbrook finished with 27 points on 8-for-17 shooting and also grabbed nine rebounds. Durant ended up with 24 points but was just 5-for-16 and also turned the ball over six times.  Serge Ibaka  finished with nine points and six rebounds. Thunder backup point guard  Reggie Jackson , who had 21 Saturday night against the Spurs, struggled with his shot, going just 1-for-11 (0-for-5 on 3-pointers) and finished with six points. It was his worst shooting night of the season and his second-lowest scoring output. 
 The Thunder had more turnovers than assists (19-17) and seemed to run out of gas late in the game with several shots coming up short. OKC was playing the second night of a back-to-back. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "You don't hold a guy like Kevin Durant down like that too many times. He had a quiet 24 but he had to work for each one of them. The only thing you wanna do is slow a guy like that down and I thought that was a huge difference in the game." 
 -- Raptors head coach  Dwane Casey 
 
 
 THE STAT:  In the fourth quarter Toronto shot 50 percent (9-for-18) and was 10-for-13 at the free-throw line. In the last 12 minutes, Oklahoma City shot just 20 percent (5-for-25) and went to the line only twice, hitting both. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  After the Thunder went on a 24-4 run in the third quarter to take an 11-point lead, the Raptors rallied with a big fourth quarter, outscoring the Thunder 29-14. It was the fewest points Oklahoma City has scored in any fourth quarter this season. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I thought when we got up 11 we couldn't make shots and they got hot. They made enough plays down the stretch and we didn't. We got a lot of open looks that we just didn't make and we gave them easier looks in the fourth than we did in the third." 
 -- Thunder head coach  Scott Brooks 
 
 
 HOT:  OKC was 22-for-22 on free throws in the first half.  Jonas Valanciunas  was 4-for-5 (nine points) in the second half. 
 
 NOT:  Durant started the game 1-for-5. The Thunder shot just 37.5 percent in the first quarter, and the Raptors were even worse at 33.3 percent. Terrence Ross was 2-for-10 (six points) after three quarters. Jackson was 1-for-8 early in the fourth quarter. Durant was 3-for-10 in the second half. DeRozan was 1-for-9 and Lowry was 1-for-7 in the second half. 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  It was the Thunder's last home game before Christmas, so there was a very festive atmosphere inside Chesapeake Energy Arena. Several fans showed up wearing Santa hats and Christmas colors. Thunder mascot Rumble The Bison was dressed in a Santa suit and so were members of the Thunder Girls dance team. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Late in the first quarter Raptors second year man  Terrence Ross  was open along the baseline and was going up for a tomahawk slam when Thunder second year man  Jeremy Lamb  went high and blocked the shot. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Coming off a big win in San Antonio the night before, the Thunder seemed to come out a step slow to start the game and then had several defensive lapses in the second quarter, leading to the Raptors shooting 61 percent in that quarter. OKC also turned the ball over 12 times in the first half. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Thunder backup center  Steven Adams  was in foul trouble much of the game, playing 10:37 and scoring zero points, but he grabbed five rebounds and blocked two shots. 
 
 NOTABLE:  The 62 points scored by the Raptors in the first half were the second most they've scored in a first half this season and the second most the Thunder have given up. ... OKC is now 1-3 on the second night of a back-to-back and lost for just the second time since the beginning of last season when holding a team to 42 percent shooting or less (51-2. )... It was also just the Thunder's second loss in the last 38 days, having won 17 of 18 coming into the game. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Raptors: Monday @ San Antonio, Friday @ New York, Saturday vs. New York.  For the Thunder: Christmas Day @ New York, Friday @ Charlotte, Sunday vs. Houston. 
