  Notebook: Heat 98, Pistons 75 Posted Sunday April 8, 2012 9:47PM By Shandel Richardson, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  After a 17-game home winning streak was snapped two days ago, the Miami Heat started a new one with a 98-75 victory against the Detroit Pistons on Sunday at AmericanAirlines Arena. The Heat were playing without guard  Dwyane Wade , who missed the game with a sore right ankle. Despite not having its second leading scorer, Miami had little trouble disposing of the Pistons. The victory completed a three-game sweep of the regular-season series. LeBron James  led the Heat with 26 points while forward  Chris Bosh  added 22 points and nine rebounds. Forward  James Jones  tied a career-high with six 3-pointers, scoring a season-best 18 points. The Heat got off to a slow start, but took the lead for good early in the second quarter. Miami was able to rest its starters for most of the fourth quarter and held the Pistons to 37 percent shooting. Miami bounced back from a disappointing loss Friday to the Memphis Grizzlies to improve to a league-best 24-3 at home. The Pistons have now lost two straight since their three-game winning streak. They were led by rookie guard  Brandon Knight , who finished with 16 points and five rebounds. QUOTABLE:  "It was a good bounce-back from the other night [against the Grizzlies]. The second unit came in and sparked us. And we got a lot of good contributions."  --  Heat head coach  Erik Spoelstra  said. THE STAT:  Miami shot 37 percent from the field in the third quarter, yet still expanded the lead by five because of a 14-point quarter by the Pistons. TURNING POINT:  The Heat trailed by two after the first quarter, but outscored the Pistons 31-19 in the second. Miami shot 48 percent from the field in the quarter. Jones was the catalyst off the bench, hitting three 3-pointers. QUOTABLE II:  "I didn't know that Dwyane wasn't playing until about 20 minutes before the game. "Coach didn't tell me anything. He didn't tell me I was playing. He just expects all of us to be ready. I had an opportunity ... I just tried to go out and make some shots and I did."  --  Jones said of his unexpected playing time. HOT: Ronny Turiaf  had his best game in a Heat uniform, finishing with eight points and nine rebounds. His continued improvement is showing Spoelstra made the right decision to put him in the starting lineup in place of  Joel Anthony . Turiaf gives them more of an offensive threat in the middle. NOT:  Pistons forward  Tayshaun Prince  had problems offensively and defensively. He shot just 4-of-12 from the field and had difficulty slowing James on defense. Prince did finish with a team-high seven rebounds. GOOD MOVE:  The decision to rest Wade was perhaps the best move of the day. With games looming against the Boston Celtics and Chicago Bulls this week, it made sense to give Wade a break. No need in risking further injury against a team the Heat could defeat without him. BAD MOVE:  The Pistons' starting forwards were outscored 48-15. With Prince and  Jason Maxiell  struggling, the rest of the starters were no match for the Heat. Knight shined, but it wasn't enough. NOTABLE:  Wade missed his 11th game of the season. The Heat improved to 10-1 in his absence. Pistons center  Vernon Macklin  rejoined the team after a 10-game stint with Fort Wayne in the NBDL. Miami now has won seven straight against the Pistons and 12 of the last 13. Heat swingman  Mike Miller  was back in the lineup after missing 14 games with a sprained left ankle. UP NEXT : For the Heat, Tuesday vs. Celtics, Thursday @ Bulls, Friday vs. Bobcats. For the Pistons, Monday @ Magic, Tuesday @ Bobcats, Friday vs. Bucks.  