  Lakers-Trail Blazers notebook   By Kerry Eggers, for NBA.com Posted Saturday April 9, 2011 1:46AM THE FACTS: LaMarcus Aldridge  scored 24 points and grabbed 11 rebounds to pace five Trail Blazers in double-figure scoring in a 93-86 victory over the Los Angeles Lakers Friday night at the Rose Garden. The victory kept Portland (47-33) in sixth place in the Western Conference, a half-game ahead of New Orleans (46-33) and a game and a half ahead of Memphis (45-34).  Kobe Bryant  scored 24 points but made only 10 of 25 shots from the field for the Lakers (55-24), who suffered their fourth straight defeat. QUOTABLE:  "Playoff atmosphere? Hey, this WAS a playoff game. The playoffs start next week. We may be playing the Lakers next week (in the playoffs). We didn't want to get swept (in the season series, which the Lakers won 3-1). We played small, they played big, and it worked for us tonight."   --  Portland forward  Nicolas Batum. THE STAT:  Midway through the third quarter, the Blazers held a 20-0 advantage in fast-break points. Their advantage in that category wound up 20-6. TURNING POINT:  The Blazers led 53-47 at halftime, but they outscored the Lakers 21-3 in the first seven minutes of the third quarter to forge a 74-50. There would be no comebacks this time. QUOTABLE II:  "His name is no longer  Gerald Wallace  -- he's the MVP. People told me how tough he was, but you don't really know how tough he is until you see him play. He puts it all out there every night."   --  LaMarcus Aldridge on Wallace, who had 19 points, 13 rebounds, seven assists and at least three charges taken in his 40 minutes. HOT:  Portland's  Wesley Matthews  scored both inside and outside, making 7 of 11 shots from the field en route to an 18-point performance. NOT:  Kobe Bryant had a near out-of-body experience late in the second quarter, sinking four straight 3-pointers over a span of 1:53. Other than that, he made only 6 of 21 shots for the night. QUOTABLE III:  "We were lazy and inefficient in the first half. The second half, we just didn't buckle down and do the right thing offensively. These guys just don't want to play hard right now."   --  Laker coach  Phil Jackson  on his players. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Portland's LaMarcus Aldridge contributed 24 points, 11 rebounds, four blocked shots and two steals in a productive 43-minute performance. INSIDE THE ARENA:  The usual hundreds of Lakers' fans who come to every Lakers' game in the Rose Garden were on hand. And they left disappointed as usual. Portland has beaten L.A. 10 of its last 12 visits here. GOOD MOVE:  The Blazers took advantage of an overplaying Laker defense to score on dunks off seven lob passes -- six of them launched by  Andre Miller . LaMarcus Aldridge converted four of them for baskets. BAD MOVE:  With Portland in front 84-75, Gerald Wallace took a charge from out-of-control Lakers center  Andrew Bynum  with 2:46 left. It was Bynum's sixth foul, forcing his disqualification and changing momentum after an 11-3 Laker run. NOTABLE:  The Lakers won the season series with Portland for the first time since 2004-05 and the second time in the last 18 seasons. UP NEXT:  For the Blazers, Memphis Tuesday, at Golden State Wednesday. For the Lakers, Oklahoma City Sunday, San Antonio Tuesday, at Sacramento Wednesday.  