Notebook: Cavaliers 114, Bucks 111 
 
 
 
 
Posted Sat Dec 21, 2013 12:16 AM - Updated Sat Dec 21, 2013 12:16 AM 
 
 THE FACT:   Kyrie Irving  collected 10 points and three assists in overtime as the Cavaliers edged the Bucks in Cleveland. 
 
 THE LEAD:  All-Star point guard  Kyrie Irving  amassed 39 points, six assists, and a career-high four blocked shots in leading the Cleveland Cavaliers to a 114-111 OT victory over the Milwaukee Bucks. Power forward  Tristan Thompson  added 10 points and a game-high 15 rebounds for Cleveland, which improved to an NBA-best 3-0 in OT. Shooting guard  O.J. Mayo  paced Milwaukee with 20 points off the bench, while point guard  Brandon Knight  had 17 points, a career-high 14 rebounds, and eight assists. Mayo missed two potential game-tying 3-pointers at the end of OT. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I'm tired and I really just want to lay down right now, but my teammates put the juice in me tonight. We played with big heart, big guts. That's what we need every night." 
 -- Cavaliers point guard  Kyrie Irving 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Cavaliers scored 18 points in the five-minute extra period -- and Irving accounted for all of them. The third-year pro scored 10 points and had three assists, which resulted in 3-pointers by point guard  Jarrett Jack  and power forward  Earl Clark , and a deuce by Jack. "Kyrie is a great player who has been doing his thing since he came into the NBA," Knight said. "He's always going to make plays." Irving also was largely responsible for Cleveland not committing a turnover in OT. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Irving missed practice Wednesday and Thursday with flu-like symptoms, but decided he was playing just 2 1/2 hours before the opening tip. "I was going to stay at home, but a goal of mine is to play in all 82 games, so that was on my mind," he said. "I got into my car about 5:15 and that was that." Irving wound up spitting up in a courtside garbage can in the fourth quarter, but fought through his queasiness to finish the game. "I wish he was sick more often," Jack quipped. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "Kyrie is a special guard and he pretty much carried them. He turned it up when he felt like he needed to, and he just kept penetrating and getting into the paint area against us." 
 -- Bucks coach  Larry Drew 
 
 
 HOT:  Thompson forced overtime by tipping in a missed layup by Irving with 1.8 seconds left in regulation. ... Irving made a 3-pointer one minute into OT, putting the Cavaliers in front for good. ... Cleveland shot 4-for-5 beyond the arc in the extra period. ... Bucks rookie center  Miroslav Raduljica  earned his first NBA start, while rookie shooting guard  Giannis Antetokounmpo  made his second. ... Milwaukee small forward  Khris Middleton  played a game-high 50 minutes. ... Bucks power forward  John Henson  had a double-double with 18 points and 10 rebounds. 
 
 NOT:  Cavaliers center  Andrew Bynum  shot 3-for-14 from the field in 24 lethargic minutes. ... Cleveland's starting frontcourt of Bynum, Thompson, and small forward  Alonzo Gee  missed 25 of its 33 field goal attempts. ... The Bucks have the worst record in the NBA at 5-21 and fell to 1-4 in OT. ... Mayo was just 6-for-21 shooting, including 3-for-11 beyond the arc, and committed four turnovers. ...  Antetokounmpo  had six points, zero rebounds, and four fouls in 23 minutes. ... Middleton missed a wide-open, potential game-winning jumper at the fourth-quarter buzzer. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "If Kyrie has the airspace, he's going to go up and take the layup. I just attacked the glass and I was able to squeeze the ball into the rim (for the OT-forcing layup). The basketball gods were on my side." 
 -- Cavaliers power forward  Tristan Thompson 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Cavaliers coach  Mike Brown  removed Bynum from the game for good with 3:32 left in the third quarter, opting to use center  Anderson Varejao  and Clark in a three-man post rotation with Thompson. The strategy paid off as Varejao finished with five points, 13 rebounds, and three rejections -- and played with the energy that Bynum was lacking -- while Clark buried four 3-pointers in 19 minutes. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  The Bucks only dressed nine players and played a great deal of zone defense, but Irving was the only Cavaliers player willing to attack the basket. Irving was 11-for-12 from the foul line, which triggered Cleveland's comeback. "Playing zone is not a time to relax or rest, which is why I won't let our guys off the hook if they do," Drew said. "The more we play it, the more comfortable we'll get." 
 
 NOTABLE:  Cavaliers shooting guard  Dion Waiters  (right wrist tendinitis) did not play. The second-year pro is Cleveland's sixth man and its second-leading scorer at 14.9 points per game. ... Cavaliers rookie power forward  Anthony Bennett  (illness) also sat out and did not travel with the team to Chicago. The No. 1 overall pick in the NBA Draft is averaging 2.2 points in 20 games. ... Bucks small forward  Caron Butle r (right knee soreness) missed his 12th straight contest, but is expected to play Saturday against Philadelphia. ... Also out for Milwaukee were power forward  Ersan Ilyasova  (right ankle soreness), point guard  Gary Neal  (left plantar fasciitis), center  Larry Sanders  (right thumb surgery), small forward  Carlos Delfino  (right foot surgery), and center  Zaza Pachulia  (right foot fracture). 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Bucks, Saturday vs. Philadelphia, Monday @ Charlotte, Dec. 27 @ Brooklyn. For the Cavaliers, Saturday @ Chicago, Monday vs. Detroit, Thursday vs. Atlanta. 
