Notebook: Lakers 105, Hawks 103 
 
 
 Dan Arritt, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Mon Nov 04, 2013 1:38 AM - Updated Mon Nov 04, 2013 1:38 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Lakers have won eight straight against the Hawks and haven't dropped a season series to Atlanta since 1977-78.       
 
 THE LEAD:  The Lakers let a 17-point third-quarter lead slip away Sunday evening but avoided their second double-digit collapse of the weekend when  Pau Gasol  hit two free throws with 5.2 seconds left to lift L.A. to a 105-103 victory against the visiting Hawks at Staples Center.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "For whatever reason, we go up by 15 and we have great energy, then all of a sudden we start to get soft on defense, without a lot of energy." 
 
 -- Lakers coach  Mike D'Antoni 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Eight different Lakers made a 3-pointer for the second time this season and third time in club history.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Hawks had been chasing the Lakers since early in the first quarter when they finally got even at 103 on  Al Horford 's shot from the elbow with 35 seconds remaining.  Jordan Hill , limited to just under four minutes through the first three quarters, once again demonstrated why he deserves more playing time when he corralled an offensive rebound on L.A.'s final possession, which led to Gasol's winning free throws. The Hawks had one final chance to win or tie, but Gasol got a piece of  Kyle Korver 's desperate heave from the baseline. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "It was a great little reaction by Pau to get out there and pressure him. At that point in the game, everybody's got to be on their toes." 
 
 -- Lakers guard  Steve Nash 
 
 
 HOT:  There was still 4:43 remaining in the first half when  Shawne Williams  sank a 3-pointer, becoming the eighth different Laker to score from beyond the arc in the half. L.A. made five of its first seven tries from long range before cooling off and finishing 9-for-25 overall. Korver was as hot as anyone from beyond the arc, converting all six of his 3-pointers and scoring a game-high 22 points.  
 
 NOT:  Gasol was expected to benefit from his height advantage against the Hawks, while Atlanta point guard  Jeff Teague  was predicted to run circles around the veteran L.A. backcourt. Neither went as planned. Gasol settled for perimeter shots all too often and when he did try to go inside, his attempts looked awkward and forced. He sat for a long stretch of the second half before re-entering with 5:39 remaining. He missed all four of his field-goal attempts and one of two free throws. On L.A.'s final possession, he missed a short jump hook but was bailed out by Hill's offensive rebound. Gasol did finish with 13 rebounds, but all came on the defensive end. Teague shot 7-for-18 from the floor with 14 points and didn't do much distributing either, finishing with four assists. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "I'm happy with the way our guys responded in the second half. They competed in a lot of different ways and played the way we want to play for 48 minutes." 
 
 -- Atlanta coach  Mike Budenholzer 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  D'Antoni moved small forward  Xavier Henry  into the starting lineup and brought  Nick Young  off the bench. The decision seemed to help both players. Henry finished with a team-high 18 points, though he was not credited with a rebound in 26 minutes, and Young finished with 13 points off the bench. Young was particularly effective in his first run, converting four of five field-goal attempts and distributing three assists, which was two more than he totaled in the first three games. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Korver had plenty of time to set his feet before his final shot. The ball was inbounded on Atlanta's end of the floor with 5.2 seconds on the clock, but instead of turning and facing the basket -- and possibly using a pump fake to get Gasol in the air -- Korver spun and shot blindly after receiving the pass. The Hawks can also look back at their 14-for-26 shooting from the free-throw line, which included a 6-for-15 first half. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Korver has made a 3-pointer in 76 consecutive games, the longest active streak in the NBA. ... The Lakers let a 21-point first-half lead get away in Friday's loss to the visiting Spurs. 
 
 UP NEXT:   For the Lakers, Tuesday @ Dallas, Thursday @ Houston, Friday @ New Orleans. For the Hawks, Tuesday @ Sacramento, Thursday @ Denver, Saturday vs. Orlando. 
