  Notebook: Hornets 99, Wolves 90 Posted Saturday April 7, 2012 11:25PM By Bradley Handwerger, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The New Orleans Hornets held off a late Minnesota Timberwolves rally and won for the second time in three games with a 99-90 victory Saturday night. The Hornets closed with a 14-7 run that sealed the game. QUOTABLE:  "We learned our lesson. We can't let teams just live in our paint and destroy us in our paint. We can't allow that. Tonight was a different game."   -- Hornets guard  Greivis Vasquez  on his team allowing 20 fewer points in the paint Saturday night in the win than in Friday night's 25-point loss to San Antonio THE STAT:  Minnesota is one of the NBA's better rebounding teams, but against New Orleans, it was outrebounded by 15. That led to the hidden stat of the game -- the Hornets had 21 second-chance points to the Timberwolves' eight. TURNING POINT:  The Hornets looked to be out of sorts early in the fourth quarter when Minnesota went on a 10-0 run. But  Jason Smith 's 16-foot jump shot and  Al-Farouq Aminu 's putback stopped the run and kept New Orleans in the lead for good. HOT:  Hornets forward Jason Smith started the first 8-for-8 and barely slowed down, finishing the game 12-for-16 for 26 points while also grabbing 10 rebounds. He had been averaging only nine points and four rebounds per game. NOT:  Minnesota guard  Martell Webster  continued his cold snap, going just 1-for-5 against New Orleans. In the past two games, he has gone a combined 1-for-10 despite starting. NOTABLE:  Hornets guard  Eric Gordon  scored 10 points and grabbed three rebounds despite tweaking his back in the third quarter of the game. He played 25 minutes. ...  Kevin Love  picked up his 47th double-double of the season, including his third in three games against New Orleans. ...Vasquez picked up his fifth double-double of the season with 11 points and 10 assists and the Hornets are 4-1 when he has 10 or more assists. ... Hornets center  Chris Kaman  and Smith combined to shoot 21-for-26 for 47 points. ... Minnesota has now dropped five straight and eight of its past 10 games. It's the first five-game losing streak of the season. UP NEXT:  For the Hornets, Monday vs. L.A. Lakers, Wednesday vs. Sacramento, Friday vs. Utah. For the Timberwolves, Monday vs. Phoenix, Wednesday at Denver, Thursday vs. L.A. Clippers.  