Notebook: Clippers 112, Nuggets 91 
 
 
 Dan Arritt, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Dec 22, 2013 2:29 AM - Updated Sun Dec 22, 2013 2:29 AM 
 
 THE FACT:   The Clippers shot 13-for-33 from 3-point range, improving to 21-2 since the start of last season when making at least 11 from beyond the arc. 
 
 THE LEAD:   Forced into the starting lineup by a rash of injuries and ineffectiveness, Clippers guard  Jamal Crawford  seems to be getting more comfortable by the game. Crawford matched his season high with six 3-pointers and scored 27 points Saturday night as Los Angeles stormed away from the Denver Nuggets in the second half to win 112-91 at Staples Center. Crawford has started the last four games after coming off the bench in his first 100 with the Clippers. Since the start of the 2009-10 season, when he won the NBA's Sixth Man of the Year award while with the Hawks, Crawford has started a total of 10 games. 
 
 QUOTABLE:   "Coming off the bench, you have to have an immediate impact. Coach is looking for a sparkplug, and to bring energy, but when you're a starter you can kind of feel the game out." 
 --Jamal Crawford 
 
 
 THE STAT:   Crawford has moved past  Glen Rice, Eddie Jones  and  Tim Hardaway  on the NBA's career 3-point list, and sits alone in 13th with 1,594 baskets from beyond the arc -- 46 shy of  Kobe Bryant  of the Lakers for No. 12. 
 
 TURNING POINT:   The Nuggets never led while falling behind by as many as 17 points in the second quarter. They made their final push to start the third by scoring nine of the first 11 points to cut the deficit to 58-52. But the Clippers got hot from 3-point range as Crawford and  Jared Dudley  combined to make five in a row in a 21-8 blitz to close the quarter, and Denver never made another legitimate push.  
 
 HOT:   The Clippers seem to be clicking on all cylinders in their first season under coach  Doc Rivers . They've won four in a row by an average margin of 18 points and are getting healthier, welcoming back reserve swingman  Matt Barnes  after he missed the previous 16 games with an eye injury. Clippers forward  Blake Griffin  had 24 points and 16 rebounds and shot 8-for-10 from the free-throw line to boost his December percentage to 74.7. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  II :   "I thought it was really important how we came out at the start because I think that helped us and helped our spirit." 
 --Doc Rivers 
 
 
 NOT:   Denver was one of the worst 3-point shooting teams in the league at 34.3 percent last season -- the low point an 0-for-22 performance against Portland -- but the Nuggets had moved more toward the middle of the pack this season. Well, they seem to be falling back to earth. Denver shot 6-for-30 from beyond the arc against the Clippers, one night after a 4-for-17 performance in a loss to visiting Phoenix.  
 
 GOOD MOVE:   The highlight of the night, and this just capped the first half, was when  Matt Barnes  deflected an inbounds pass under the Denver basket, sending the ball out toward the top of the key. Clippers reserve point guard  Darren Collison  was in position to race over and snare the ball on the short hop and then fling an off-balance sidearm heave towards the rim as the clock neared zero. The ball somehow found its way through the hoop for a 3-point basket, giving the Clippers a 56-43 halftime lead. 
 
 BAD MOVE:   The Nugget were already thin up front with forward  Danilo Gallinari  out with a torn ACL and center  JaVale McGee  sidelined with a left tibia stress fracture. Now the Nuggets might have to move forward without forward  Kenneth Faried  for a while. He rolled his left ankle in the first quarter and was ruled out shortly afterward.  Timofey Mozgov  started the second half and finished with 15 points and nine rebounds. 
 
 NOTABLE:   Barnes returned after undergoing three procedures to correct his right eye and  he finished with a season-high 13 points off the bench. ..... ... Jordan finished with seven points and 12 rebounds, the 19th time this season he has grabbed at least a dozen rebounds, which is two behind Sunday's opponent,  Kevin Love  of the Timberwolves, for the NBA lead. 
 
 UP NEXT:   For the Clippers, Sunday vs. Minnesota, Wednesday @ Golden State, Thursday @ Portland. For the Nuggets, Monday vs. Golden State, Friday @ New Orleans, Saturday @ Memphis.  
