  Notebook: Pacers 103, Pistons 97 Posted Monday April 23, 2012 10:40PM By Conrad Brunner, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Two starters turned out to be just enough for the Indiana Pacers. With the third seed in the East wrapped up and nothing to gain in the final two regular-season games, Coach  Frank Vogel  gave three starters the night off but the other two went to work.  Paul George  scored 12 of his 27 in the fourth quarter and  David West  added 20 as the Pacers held off the Pistons 103-97 Monday at Bankers Life Fieldhouse in Indianapolis. Vogel sat  George Hill  (shoulder) and  Danny Granger  (knee) to help recovery from nagging injuries and  Roy Hibbert  just for extra rest and Indiana played a spirited game, relinquishing the lead only briefly in the opening minutes of the fourth quarter and staving off a late rally. The Pacers improved to 42-23, while Detroit dropped to 24-41. QUOTABLE:  "We wanted the win after the other night (a loss to Philadephia). We wanted to get back on track and show that we still have it. Jeff (Pendergraph) really gave us a pickup tonight, was very productive and instrumental in this win. Everybody pitched in as we should. We must compete every night no matter who we are playing. This is the way that we want to head into the playoffs."    -- West THE STAT:  West scored at least 20 points for the fourth time in five games and has averaged 21.6 in that span. He did so four times in the first 60 games. TURNING POINT:  George scored eight in a 15-7 run, including a soaring dunk that put the Pacers up 91-84 with 5:32 left. Detroit rallied to within a point and had a chance to take the lead but  Greg Monroe  missed two free throws with 41.7 seconds left.  Tyler Hansbrough  pulled a huge offensive rebound, was fouled and made both to put Indiana up 99-96 and Monroe again came up short at the line, missing one of two and forcing the Pistons to foul. George made two pairs in the final 20 seconds to close out the scoring. QUOTABLE II:  "It was a great team win. A lot of guys contributed, we got guys rest. We got the second unit a ton of work. I think we got a lot accomplished tonight. We'll play the Chicago game closer to our regular rotation excepting Danny being out."   -- Vogel HOT:  George was 13 of 15 from the free throw line, both career highs, and added 10 rebounds, four assists and three steals in his second double-double of the season. ... Hansbrough (13 points, eight rebounds) and  Leandro Barbosa  (13 points, nine rebounds, four steals) were productive off the Indiana bench. ... Detroit's  Brandon Knight  made three 3-pointers and scored 16. ... Monroe had 18 points and 12 rebounds for his 30th double-double. NOT:  In his third game as a reserve, Indiana's  Darren Collison  shot 1-of-8 and committed six turnovers in 31 minutes. ... The Pacers were 4-of-15 from the arc and failed to make a second-half 3-pointer for the second game in a row. ... Monroe missed four free throws as the Pistons were 13 of 22 (.591) from the line. ... Monroe also had five turnovers. QUOTABLE III:  "The game came down to free throws and rebounds. We gave up 32 second-chance points. Going into the game we knew they were the sixth-best rebounding team in the league. At the end of the day, we had great opportunities, but all those extra possessions add up and it puts you in a situation to make a missed game. Unfortunately, tonight we missed."    -- Detroit Coach  Lawrence Frank GOOD MOVE:  With the Pacers up 89-84 midway through the fourth quarter, George worked a high pick-and-roll, took a couple of hard dribbles and took flight down the middle of the lane, throwing down a massive dunk that brought the crowd to its feet and put the Pacers ahead by seven with 5:32 remaining. BAD MOVE:  After the Pistons cut it to 97-96 they had two possessions with the chance to take the lead and Monroe botched both. On the first, he threw a pass out of bounds. On the second, he missed two free throws. NOTABLE:  The Pacers had 22 offensive rebounds leading to 32 second-chance points. ... Indiana also held a 22-9 advatage in fast-break points. ... In his first start since the 2009-10 season,  Jeff Pendergraph  scored 10 with seven rebounds in 18 minutes. ... The Pacers had advantages of 32-12 on second-chance points and 22-9 on fast-break points to offset 38 percent shooting overall, 4-of-15 (.267) from the 3-point line. ... Price, also making his first start in two years, led the Pacers with six assists. ... Indiana's lineup of Price, George,  Dahntay Jones , West and Pendergraph was just the fourth of the season, the fewest combinations in the league. The Pacers averaged more than 20 lineups in each of the previous four seasons. ... Monroe picked up a technical foul with 7:02 left in the third quarter for complaining about a no-call. ... Price also made his first start in two seasons. ... Hill and Hibbert may play limited roles in Wednesday's regular-season finale against Chicago but Granger will not play again until the postseason. UP NEXT:  For the Pacers, Wednesday vs. Chicago. For the Pistons, Thursday vs. Philadelphia.  