  Thunder-Nuggets notebook   By Michael Kelly, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday April 6, 2011 12:46AM THE FACTS :  Kevin Durant  had 32 points and nine rebounds and the Oklahoma City Thunder moved closer to clinching the Northwest Division with a 101-94 win over the Denver Nuggets on Tuesday night. The Thunder lead the Nuggets by four games with five to play and all but locked up the No. 4 seed in the Western Conference. QUOTABLE:  "That was big, especially after losing two in a row. We were more putting an emphasis on losing two in a row, trying to end that, than trying to clinch the division."   -- Durant, on beating the Nuggets on their home court. THE STAT:  Four technical were called in a game where tension was a little higher between teams who are likely first-round playoff opponents.  Nene  and  Kendrick Perkins  were called for a double technical after scuffling under the Thunder basket in the first half and Durant and  Danilo Gallinari  got physical in the waning seconds to also get called for a double technical. TURNING POINT:  The Nuggets scored the first five points of the fourth to take a 72-69 lead, but Oklahoma City responded with a 16-0 run highlighted by Durant's slam on a lob pass from  Eric Maynor . The Nuggets mounted a furious rally in the last 1:45 but couldn't overtake the Thunder. QUOTABLE II:  "Things happen. Guys get caught up in the moment, especially down in the paint. It wasn't nothing I was trying to send personally towards the team. I was down there playing my game and we got tangled up. Neither one of us is going to back down when we get tangled up."    -- Perkins, on his altercation with Nene. HOT:  Oklahoma City's  James Harden  is averaging 16.8 points over his last five games, including 13 Tuesday night. NOT:  When Denver seemed to be in control early in the fourth things unraveled. The Nuggets missed six straight shots and committed two turnovers as the Thunder blew it open. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Durant continues to do the heavy offensive lifting for the Thunder and, just missed out on his 14th double-double of the season. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Former Denver Broncos players  Alfred Williams  and  Mark Schlereth  were watching the game from a suite. GOOD MOVE:   Kenyon Martin  guarded Durant in the third quarter and kept him in check. After 17 points in the first half Durant missed all six of his field goals and had only four points in the period. BAD MOVE:  Denver's free-throw shooting was a big reason why they saw their 10-game home winning streak snapped. They were 17-for-26 from the line, with most of those misses coming in the third quarter. Nene and  Raymond Felton  combined to go 2-for-9 from the line in the third when the team shot 7-for-15 overall. ROOKIE WATCH:  Nuggets center  Timofey Mozgov  left after suffering a left knee/ankle sprain in the first quarter. Mozgov, who was playing because forward  Chris Andersen  was sidelined, will have an MRI performed Wednesday. NOTABLE:  The Thunder had lost seven straight in Denver by an average of 19.3 points, dating back to their days as the Seattle SuperSonics. Their last win in Colorado was 100-97 on March 28, 2007. UP NEXT:  For the Thunder, Wednesday vs. L.A. Clippers, Friday vs. Denver, Sunday @ L.A. Lakers. For the Nuggets, Wednesday @ Dallas, Friday @ Oklahoma City, Saturday vs. Minnesota.  