
 Thunder-Clippers notebook   By Dan Arritt, for NBA.com Posted Thursday November 4, 2010 1:56AM THE FACTS: Eric Gordon  scored 27 points and rookie backcourt mate  Eric Bledsoe  had 17 and eight assists in place of injured starter  Baron Davis  to lead the Los Angeles Clippers to a 107-92 victory Wednesday night against the Oklahoma City Thunder at Staples Center. QUOTABLE:  "We needed this win at home before we get on the road and play against another couple good teams. At least this gives us an idea about how to win."   -- Eric Gordon THE STAT:  The NBA's leading scorer from last season, Oklahoma City forward  Kevin Durant , had another difficult night shooting the ball. He came in shooting just 38.8 percent on the season and shot 6-for-24 against the Clippers, including 0-for-10 from beyond the 3-point line. TURNING POINT:  With the score tied 21-21 with 1:51 remaining in the first quarter, the Clippers substituted Bledsoe for Gordon and  Craig Smith  for  Blake Griffin , then followed with a 15-2 run to take a lead they would hold for good. QUOTE II:  "I didn't show up. I'm the leader of this team. Everybody follows me, so if I don't show up, the team won't show up. That's why we lost."   -- Kevin Durant HOT:  Gordon and Bledsoe were a combined 10-for-13 from the field as the Clippers took a 10-point lead into the half. Gordon finished 10-for-17 and Bledsoe was 7-for-10. NOT:  Clippers center  Chris Kaman , an All-Star selection last season, continued to struggle with his game, shooting 2-for-9 and finishing with four points. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Jeff Green was the only starter for Oklahoma City to find his shot in the first half, scoring 17 points. He was held to two points in the second half, however. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Los Angeles Sparks forward  Tina Thompson  took in the game from a baseline seat. GOOD MOVE:  Bledsoe did not play point guard as a freshman at Kentucky last season, but Del Negro has taken a chance by moving him into that role with Davis out with a sore knee and backup  Randy Foye  sidelined with a hamstring injury. ROOKIE WATCH:  In addition to the play of Bledsoe, Clippers rookie forward  Blake Griffin  continued his solid all-around play, finishing with 18 points and nine rebounds. NOTABLE:  The Thunder, last in the league in 3-point percentage coming in, missed their first 12 attempts from beyond the arc and were 4-for-26 as a team. Meanwhile, the Clippers started 7-for-12 from 3-point range and finished 8-for-16. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Friday @ Nuggets, Saturday @ Jazz, Tuesday @ Hornets. For the Thunder, Thursday @ Trail Blazers, Sunday vs. Celtics, Nov. 10 vs. 76ers. 
