  Knicks-Hornets notebook   By Larry Holder, for NBA.com Posted Friday December 3, 2010 11:25PM THE FACTS:   Amar'e Stoudemire  dominated on the inside with 34 points and 10 rebounds and the rest of his teammates were hot from the outside as the New York Knicks defeated the New Orleans Hornets 100-92 on Friday night at the New Orleans Arena. The Knicks (11-9) are off to their best start since the 2001-2002 season. QUOTABLE:  "I try to be a dominant force. Coach ( Mike D'Antoni ) always told me ... just try to dominate so that's what I try to do. With that being said, with the energy I try to bring forth on the basketball court, with my communication skills and my leadership role, I try to provide some confidence and swagger to us as a team and it seems to be working well for us."   -- Stoudemire THE STAT:  The Knicks' 3-point shooting helped open things up for Stoudemire, and vice versa, as New York hit 13 3-pointers at a 43.3 percent clip. TURNING POINT:  The Knicks went on a 15-3 run near the end of the first half to give New York a 55-50 lead with 37.9 seconds remaining in the second quarter. The Hornets never recovered. HOT:  Knicks point guard  Raymond Felton  outplayed Hornets point guard  Chris Paul . Felton scored 17 points and tallied 13 assists in the win. Paul ended with 17 points and 10 assists, but looked lethargic for much of the game. NOT:  The Hornets and their ability to hold onto the basketball. New Orleans turned the ball over 19 times and the Knicks turned it 29 points. GOOD MOVE:  Knicks forward  Shawne Williams  came out of nowhere to go 3-for-4 behind the 3-point line en route to scoring 13 points in nearly 21 minutes of action. Williams only averaged four minutes per game before Friday night's win. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Hornets forward  Trevor Ariza  had a solid game across the board despite the loss with 21 points, nine rebounds, three steals and two assists. QUOTABLE II:  "Good question. I should have done it two months ago. I just kind of got the courage and did it. He played good and he's been looking good all along. I wanted to do it last game. I did a little bit of it two games ago. We just needed what he gives us -- shooting. I knew he was going to be open with Amar'e and the pick and roll."   -- D'Antoni on his decision to give Williams more playing time NOTABLE:  The Hornets were mum on the Friday reports that the NBA may purchase the majority share of the franchise in the hopes of expediting the sale of the team. ... The Hornets (13-6) have lost five of their last seven games. ... Hornets forward  David West  didn't play vs. the Knicks with a stomach illness. West has been the go-to scorer for the Hornets all season, leading the team with 18.8 points. Forward  Jason Smith  started in West's place. It was Smith's first start since Nov. 27, 2009 when he played for the Philadelphia 76ers against Atlanta. ... Hornets center  Pops Mensah-Bonsu  underwent a precautionary procedure after elbowing a teammate in the mouth and receiving a gash from a tooth and will be out tonight. ... Knicks center/forward  Ronny Turiaf  (left knee) didn't play Friday night. This was the third consecutive game Turiaf will miss with the injury. D'Antoni said Turiaf won't play until he is 100 percent healthy. UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Sunday at Toronto, Monday vs. Minnesota, Wednesday vs. Toronto. For the Hornets, Sunday at San Antonio, Wednesday vs. Detroit, Friday vs. Oklahoma City.  