  Timberwolves-Spurs notebook   By Tim Price, for NBA.com Posted Sunday January 9, 2011 11:31PM THE FACTS: Manu Ginobili  scored 21 points and  Gary Neal  came off the bench to hit a pair of 3-pointers in the fourth quarter, and the San Antonio Spurs hung on for a 94-91 victory over Minnesota when the Timberwolves'  Anthony Tolliver  missed a 3-pointer with one second remaining Sunday at AT&T Center. The Spurs (31-6) have defeated Minnesota 15 straight times. The Timberwolves (9-29) have lost their last four games and played the final 30 minutes without Michael Beasley because of a re-injured ankle. QUOTABLE:  "Me being on the floor at the end of the game allows Manu,  Tony (Parker)  and  Tim (Duncan)  more room to operate because on the scouting report it says 'Gary Neal's a shooter, so you have to be aware of him.' I know my role on the court is to make shots to help us win."    -- Neal THE STAT:  Minnesota led by as many as nine points in the first quarter, but the Timberwolves could not make much happen offensively after that. They shot 39.6 percent from the floor and had 12 trips to the free-throw line (the Spurs hit 21 of 25 foul shots). TURNING POINT:  Minnesota trimmed San Antonio's nine-point lead early in the fourth quarter to 80-78 with 8 1/2 minutes to play. But Neal hit a pair of 3-pointers and had a chance for a 3-point play at the foul line (he made 2-of-3 free throws after he was fouled by  Jonny Flynn  on another 3-point attempt). The Spurs led 92-85 when Neal went back to the bench with 4:40 to go and had enough to hang on. QUOTABLE II:  "We've taken them to three very tight games (including) an overtime game (this season). We have one (against the Spurs) on Tuesday, so hopefully we don't sulk on this."   -- Kevin Love HOT:  Neal has shot 50 percent or better each of the past three games, 12-for-19 for 63 percent. He's reached double figures in each game. NOT: George Hill  had his second rough night shooting the ball in his last three games. He went 1-for-9 last week in a loss at Boston, and he shot 2-for-11 Sunday against Minnesota. He made things dicey late when he stepped out of bounds trying to set up a dish while driving under the basket with 39 seconds to go, but  Luke Ridnour  and Tolliver both missed potential game-trying 3-pointers after that. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Love had his 24th consecutive double-double for Minnesota with 18 points and 17 rebounds. GOOD MOVE:  Despite Hill's shooting woes (he also missed all four of his 3-point tries), he stayed aggressive. He was 7-for-7 from the free-throw line and scored 11 points. He played most of the fourth quarter in place of Parker, who still appears to be bothered by the effects of a stomach bug and sore left calf. Parker was 3-for-8 and had 11 points and four assists in 25 minutes. BAD MOVE:   Michael Beasley  tried to play through a left ankle sprain he suffered in the second half Friday against Portland. It became so bad he had to grab  Richard Jefferson  with 5:56 to go in the first half in order to stop play and get off the court. He went 1-for-4 in 11 minutes before heading straight to the locker room. He was available for the second half, but he remained on the bench. ROOKIE WATCH: Wes Johnson  lost his starting job to  Corey Brewer , and he went 1-for-6 in the second half (nine points off 4-for-13 shooting overall).  Nikola Pekovic  had five points and three rebound in 9 1/2 minutes.  Tiago Splitter  did not play and has had less than 10 minutes playing time in four of his last five games for San Antonio. NOTABLE:  The next game for both of these teams is Tuesday when they meet in Minneapolis. Minnesota has not won in San Antonio since January 2004. UP NEXT:  For the Timberwolves, Tuesday vs. San Antonio, Thursday vs. Washington, Saturday vs. Orlando. For the Spurs, Tuesday @ Minnesota, Wednesday @ Milwaukee, Friday vs. Dallas.  