  Knicks-Warriors notebook   By Geoff Lepper, for NBA.com Posted Saturday November 20, 2010 1:55AM THE FACTS :  Raymond Felton  scored a career-high 35 points and notched 11 assists Friday night to lead the New York Knicks past the Golden State Warriors, 125-119.  Amar'e Stoudemire  added 26 points and 11 rebounds and  Danilo Gallinari  had 23 points as the Knicks collected their first win in Oakland since 2001.  Monta Ellis'  40-point night went to waste for the Warriors, who had been 5-0 at home. QUOTABLE: "The way Raymond played tonight was phenomenal. He shot the ball well. He was falling down and making shots. The rim was just an ocean out there for him."    -- Stoudemire on Felton's 13-for-17 shooting performance THE STAT:  The Knicks shot 57.1 percent from the floor, setting a season-best for them and a season-worst for the Warriors' defense. TURNING POINT:  New York led by as many as 18 points and were up 14 heading into the fourth quarter. But that lead had been whittled down to two with less than 6 minutes remaining before Danilo Gallinari took over for the Knicks, scoring 11 of his team's final 19 points to seal the victory. Back-to-back 3-pointers for Gallinari, followed by a pair of free throws, pushed the lead back to four points with 3:01 left, and his final trey, at the 1:25 mark, put things out of reach at 119-112. QUOTABLE II:  "It's nerve-wracking because we haven't won (in Oakland) in 58,000 years. You got to be able to close things out. I know we've got new guys, but it's still the same thing. We're working on that and I think we're getting better at it. It's nice to be able to have Amar'e to go to, or Raymond, or Gallo."    -- Knicks coach  Mike D'Antoni  on holding on in the fourth quarter HOT:  Gallinari, who wasn't much of a factor in the first half, closed out with a bang for his fourth 20-point performance in his last five games. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Felton had his second big performance on the Knicks' four-game Western road trip, following on the heels of his 19-point, 11-rebound, eight-rebound night in Denver on Tuesday. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Rain-slicked and traffic-clogged freeways led to a plethora of empty seats at tip-off, although the crowd did eventually fill out to something approximating the announced figure of 19,808 -- Golden State's first sellout of the season. The Knicks' second bus, ferrying D'Antoni and many of the team's players, was caught in traffic and only showed up roughly an hour before game time. NOTABLE: It  was Ellis' sixth career 40-point game and the second of this year. He had a career-high-tying 46 against Houston on Opening Night. . . . The Knicks previous most recent win at the Arena came on Nov. 20, 2001. Latrell Sprewell had 29 points as New York posted a 94-70 victory that night. . . . Vladimir Radmanovic celebrated his 30th birthday by starting for a second consecutive game in place of injured David Lee, but wound up with six points on 2-for-7 shooting and sat the final 21 1/2 minutes. UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Saturday @ Clippers, Tuesday vs. Charlotte, Wednesday @ Charlotte. For the Warriors, Sunday @ Lakers, Monday vs. Denver, Wednesday @ Houston.  