  Notebook: Hornets 96, Jazz 85 Posted Friday April 13, 2012 11:20PM Larry Holder, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  When guard  Eric Gordon  plays, he shows why he's the future of New Orleans basketball. Gordon dazzled, especially in the fourth quarter, ending up with a team-high 25 points as the New Orleans Hornets are 1-0 under new owner  Tom Benson  as they picked up a 96-85 win over the Utah Jazz on Friday night in the New Orleans Arena. The loss will undoubtedly hurt Utah's playoff chances as it puts the Jazz three back of Denver in the loss column for the final Western Conference spot with six games remaining. QUOTABLE:  "This was a game we needed and one we were supposed to win. Eric played real well tonight. He had an awesome game. He set the tone for them and we just couldn't stop him."   -- Jazz forward  Paul Millsap , who had a game-high 27 points, along with eight rebounds, three assists, three steals and a blocked shot THE STAT:  Two ? number of players who shot less than 50 percent from the floor for the Hornets. New Orleans had no real offensive lull of any kind against the Jazz as the Hornets shot 55.1 percent from the floor. TURNING POINT:  The Hornets had already begun what turned into the best run of the game going on a 13-0 run in the fourth quarter. But it was  Marco Belinelli  making plays on both ends of the floor early in the run that was the difference maker. Belinelli picked up a steal on the Jazz's  Alec Burks  with 4:48 remaining in the game. Belinelli eventually ended up with the ball in his hands again as he drained a 3-pointer on the next possession to push New Orleans ahead 86-82. That essentially ended Utah's chances. QUOTABLE II:  "We want to give our fans something to be excited about going into the summer."   -- Hornets coach  Monty Williams  on why his team continues to play hard as New Orleans started this month 4-3 HOT:  The Hornets when Gordon plays. New Orleans is now 4-2 when Gordon sees game action for the Hornets and 13-40 when he's out. NOT:  Utah disappeared in the fourth quarter offensively. The Jazz only shot 23.8 percent from the floor (5 of 21) to only score 15 points in the final 12 minutes. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Jazz forward  Derrick Favors  was the only player to pick up a double-double with 12 points and 13 rebounds. NOTABLE:  Benson's purchase of the Hornets on Friday was the biggest topic of coach Williams' pregame interview. "I bought a subway sandwich today. He spent $300 million," Williams joked. Williams said Benson's purchase was a bit of a surprise, but it's really good for the city and really good for the team. "The players are excited about it even though they don't know how to express themselves right now," Williams said. "When you're hit with news like this even though you expect it, it's tough to put into words. We're happy about the Benson family stepping up to the plate and doing what we've wanted for a long time. It can only be good for the city." Benson wasn't at Friday's game, but a Saints spokesman said Benson will attend Sunday's game against Memphis. ...  Raja Bell  (knee),  Josh Howard  (knee),  C.J. Miles  (gastroc strain),  Earl Watson  (knee) and  Jeremy Evans  (ankle) left the Jazz rather shorthanded. Evans was the only player to have any remote chance of playing Friday. ... Jazz center  Al Jefferson  was the only other significant forces on offense adding 19 points. ... Hornets center  Chris Kaman  scored 19 points. UP NEXT:  For the Jazz, Saturday @ Memphis, Monday vs. Dallas, Wednesday @ Portland. For the Hornets, Sunday vs. Memphis, Monday @ Charlotte, Wednesday @ Memphis.  