  Notebook: Pistons 99, Wizards 94 Posted Thursday April 5, 2012 11:18PM By Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Center  Greg Monroe  had 18 points and guard  Rodney Stuckey  scored 15 off the bench as the Detroit Pistons won their third straight by defeating the Washington Wizards, 99-94, Thursday at The Palace. Forward  Jason Maxiell  added a double-double with 11 points and 11 rebounds as the Pistons won for the fifth time in six games while leading virtually throughout the game. Guard  John Wall  had 28 points and 10 assists for the Wizards, who lost their fourth straight and ninth in the last 10 games. QUOTABLE:  "The beginning of the season seems like it was two years ago. It's been a rough season but it's the same for everybody and we're just showing that we're getting better and better."  --  Pistons forward  Jonas Jerebko  on his team's 17-13 record since a 4-20 start. THE STAT:  52.6. Opponents are shooting 52.6 percent against the Wizards during their current losing streak, which coincides with plantar fasciitis injuries to starting center Nene and power forward  Trevor Booker . The Pistons, who entered the game ranked No. 25 in offensive field-goal percentage, shot 36-for-68 from the field. Monroe and Stuckey shot a combined 13-for-17. TURNING POINT:  The Pistons' second unit stretched a 70-64 lead late in the third quarter to 86-66 with 9:19 remaining. Stuckey, who missed the previous three games with a sore left hamstring, had nine points and an assist during the 16-2 run and capped it with a three-point play. Washington missed six shots and made four turnovers during that stretch, including one possession where Pistons reserve center  Ben Wallace  blocked a Wall layup attempt and then took a charge against Wall. QUOTABLE II:  "I usually don't make them until they make me make them. Tonight after the game, I got a text from my wife saying that she really hates when teams go to that Hack-A-Ben or Bump-A-Ben. But she's very proud of the fact I can go up there and knock those shots down. As a player, you've got to accept the challenge and knock those shots down."  --  Wallace, a notoriously poor free throw shooter, on making five of six foul shots after the Wizards intentionally fouled him late in the game. HOT:  Wall had his best offensive night since he scored 33 points against Orlando Feb. 29. He consistently drove into the lane off pick-and-rolls and transition while going 8-for-18 from the field and 12-for-15 from the free throw line. He was averaging just 12 points over the last eight games before his offensive resurgence Thursday. NOT:  Washington had just one lead, a 3-2 advantage after a  Chris Singleton  3-pointer, but the Pistons allowed the visitors to hang around with poor free throw shooting. They missed 11 in the first half and finished 23-for-39 (59 percent) for the game. Wallace missed his first four before his clutch shooting in the late going while Maxiell and  Damien Wilkins  missed three apiece. GOOD MOVE:  Detroit head coach  Lawrence Frank  decided to stick with Wallace in place of Monroe for the final 18:10 and the 37-year-old provided the defensive presence Frank was seeking. Wallace had two steals and eight rebounds while guarding the pick-and-roll much more forcibly than Monroe. BAD MOVE:  The Wizards didn't establish  Jordan Crawford  in the early going and he disappeared. After scoring 51 points in the previous two games, Crawford had just nine on 2-for-13 shooting and also made three of Washington's 18 turnovers. NOTABLE:  Monroe scored 11 of his points in the first quarter. ...  Tayshaun Prince  chipped in 14 points for Detroit and is averaging 19 over his last six games. ... Wizards center  Kevin Seraphin  had 15 points and nine rebounds. ... The Pistons have won nine of their last 11 at home. ... The Wizards are 5-22 on the road. UP NEXT:  For the Wizards, Friday @ New Jersey, Monday @ Charlotte, Tuesday vs. Orlando. For the Pistons, Friday @ Atlanta, Sunday @ Miami, Monday @ Orlando.  