Notebook: Celtics 100, Wizards 94 (OT) 
 
 
 Brian Robb, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Nov 07, 2012 11:40 PM - Updated Wed Nov 07, 2012 11:40 PM 
 
 THE FACTS: Kevin Garnett  had 20 points and 13 rebounds as the Boston Celtics fought off the Washington Wizards for a 100-94 overtime victory Wednesday at TD Garden.  Rajon Rondo  added 18 points and 14 assists as the Celtics won both halves of the back-to-back with the Wizards, who are still winless on the young season.  Kevin Seraphin  had 16 points and nine rebounds for Washington.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We're not playing great. It's good to win a game like that...we've got to get more guys that play harder, better. I don't care if we play "well" or not, because that's just human. We just have to play with a better focus and we've got to run our schemes better." 
 -- Boston coach  Doc Rivers 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Garnett grabbed nine of his 13 rebounds in just seven minutes of action in the first quarter. He nearly outrebounded the Wizards by himself early on, trailing the Wizards 11-9 on the glass after the opening 12 minutes.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  Despite being demoted to the bench from the starting lineup over the past two games,  Brandon Bass  came up big for Boston in the closing minutes of overtime. With the score tied at 92 with just over two minutes during the extra frame, Bass took control of the Celtics' offense by scoring the next five points, putting the game out of reach for Washington.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:   "It's a learning process, taking care of the ball, execution, making plays down the stretch. It's disappointing because we lost, but we did a lot of good things." 
 -- Washington coach  Randy Wittman 
 
 
 HOT:   Chris Singleton .   The Wizards reserve forward scored 12 of his 14 points in the second half, including a game-tying dunk with nine seconds remaining in regulation.  
 
 NOT:   Trevor Ariza . One of Washington's offseason trade acquisitions has stumbled out of the gate in his team's opening two contests and performed no better Wednesday night. The former Hornet hit just 1-for-6 to finish with two points and is shooting just over 22 percent from the field over his first three games.  
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Rondo. The point guard put up his fourth straight double-double of the season and also passed  John Stockton  for the third longest streak of games with double-digit assists in NBA history with 28. He is now averaging 16 points, five rebounds and 12 assists for the season.   
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Rivers inserted reserve center  Chris Wilcox  with just under three minutes remaining in the third quarter with the C's and Wizards tied at 56. The move paid dividends as Wilcox jumpstarted a 10-2 run for Boston to close the quarter.  
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:   Bradley Beal . The fourth overall pick in the 2012 NBA Draft had the best game thus far as a rookie, finishing with 16 points, four rebounds and three assists, all career highs for the former Florida star.   
 
 NOTABLE:  The Wizards shot zero free throws in the first half.  Jared Sullinger  earned his second straight start at power forward for Boston and finished with four points and four rebounds in 24 minutes. Rondo played a season-high 44 minutes and now leads the NBA in minutes per game, averaging just over 42.  John Wall  said before the game his knee issue is improving, but there is still not timetable on his return.   
 
 UP NEXT:  For Washington, Friday vs. Milwaukee, Saturday @ Indiana, Tuesday @ Charlotte. For Boston, Friday vs. Philadelphia, Saturday @ Milwaukee, Tuesday @ Chicago.  
