  Jazz-Blazers notebook   By Steve Brandon, for NBA.com Posted Sunday November 21, 2010 2:01AM THE FACTS:  Utah's  C.J. Miles  went 5-for-5 on 3-pointers in a 17-point fourth quarter that lifted the Jazz from a 74-65 deficit to a 103-94 victory over the Portland Trail Blazers Saturday night at the Rose Garden. Utah's 38 points in the final period were the most allowed by the Blazers in any quarter this season. QUOTABLE:  "We're asking him [forward  LaMarcus Aldridge ] to do a lot, and I don't think that's fair. We definitely need our best player [guard  Brandon Roy ] when he's available, but he has to take care of his body."   -- Portland center  Marcus Camby . THE STAT:  With Roy resting an ailing knee, the Blazers have been running most of their offense through point guard  Andre Miller  and Aldridge. Those two combined Saturday for 13 turnovers (a career-high eight by Aldridge), with 11 assists (nine by Miller). TURNING POINT:  After Portland made an 11-4 run over the final 4 1/2 minutes of the third quarter, the Blazers hoisted 13 of their 23 fourth-quarter shots from 20 feet or more and lost their momentum, the lead and the game. QUOTABLE II:  "I was doing that at some point, too. Sometimes numbers do lie."   -- Portland guard  Wesley Matthews  on Miles, who came into the game shooting .279 from behind the arc but made 7-for-10 3s. HOT:  Camby, the 36-year-old center, had a game-high 14 rebounds, giving him four straight games with 10 or more, and 57 in those four games. NOT:  Matthews went 0-for-6 on 3-pointers, looking overly eager to beat his former team (he played for Utah last season as a rookie). FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Aldridge is getting more opportunities to be a lead player, especially on the nights when Roy takes off to rest his knees. He took a game-high 21 shots Saturday and led Portland with 24 points, adding 11 rebounds for his sixth double-double of the season. One warning: He's averaging 39 minutes, and hopes to go down to 34 or 35 once injured center  Joel Przybilla  is about to suit up. GOOD MOVE:  Portland coach  Nate McMillan  put the bigger Matthews on Utah point guard  Deron Williams , leaving Miller on  Raja Bell  defensively. Williams scored 12 points, 11 under his season average, and was 3-for-13 from the field, and Bell didn't hurt the Blazers, scoring nine points. BAD MOVE:  McMillan didn't do anything to stop the Blazers' fourth-quarter skid. After the game, he chastised his players for losing track of Miles in transition, settling for jump shots and turning over the ball. ROOKIE WATCH:   Armon Johnson , the second-round pick from Nevada, had a decent 14 minutes off the bench, getting eight points on 3-for-6 shooting, plus four rebounds and one assist, with no turnovers. NOTABLE:  The Blazers have managed to rebound well on most nights, even with  Greg Oden  (knee surgery) and Przybilla (knee rehab) expected to make his 2010-11 debut next week. Portland outrebounded Utah 24-6 on the offensive boards to help the Blazers lead 17-6 in second-chance points and 46-34 in scoring in the paint. UP NEXT:  For the Blazers, Friday vs. New Orleans, Sunday @ New Jersey, Tuesday @Philadelphia. For the Jazz, Monday vs. Sacramento, Wednesday vs. New Orleans, Friday vs. Lakers.  