  Grizzlies-Spurs notebook   By Tim Price, for NBA.com Posted Sunday December 19, 2010 12:12AM THE FACTS: Tony Parker  scored a season-high for the second consecutive game with 37 points and nine assists to lead the San Antonio Spurs to a 112-106 overtime win over the Memphis Grizzlies on Saturday night at AT&T Center. The Spurs (23-3) remain the league-best in won-lost record yet have won their last three games by margins of two points, one point and the six-point win tonight coming in overtime. Memphis (12-16) was playing without  Rudy Gay , who served a one-game suspension for his flagrant foul 2 last night in Houston. QUOTABLE:  "I thought we did a great job of hanging in there on a night when, mentally, I thought we were very subpar. I thought it was a sloppy game on our part. Sometimes you have games like that, and we'll certainly take it."    -- Spurs coach Gregg Popovich THE STAT:  The Grizzlies outrebounded San Antonio 48-41 and led 18-5 in second chance points. But the Spurs again shot well enough to win -- 51.2 percent from the floor. It's the third-straight game the Spurs have bettered 51 percent from the field while holding their opponents to less than 50 percent in each of those games. TURNING POINT:  After blowing a lob that would have capped a 3-on-1 fastbreak and given the Spurs a five-point lead with a minute left in regulation, then missing what would have been the game-winning shot from 14 feet, Richard Jefferson got loose on a layup that gave San Antonio a 108-103 lead with two minutes left in overtime. It was started by  Tim Duncan , who blocked  Mike Conley's  drive to the hoop. Duncan ended with three blocked shots and has averaged 4.6 blocks over the last three games. QUOTABLE II:  "We should have won the game. We played so well. Now, it was all for no reason. The Spurs are the No. 1 team in the league now, but we still had a chance to win the game."    - Grizzlies  O.J. Mayo  on the loss HOT:  Parker had his season-best game because he shot 15-of-21 from the floor. He hit both of his shots in overtime. He's shooting 51 percent this season, which is his best since the 2006-07 season when he was MVP in the NBA Finals sweep over Cleveland. NOT:   Marc Gasol  finished 3-of-11. He's 8-of-38 over the last four games (21 percent). FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  After turning in one of his worst performances of the season last night when he went 4-of-13 for 13 points and nine rebounds in Houston,  Zach Randolph  scored 24 points and had 21 rebounds. He had a double-double looking only at offensive rebounds -- 10 -- and he had a 20-20 night at the end of regulation. He has three 20-20 games this season, and the Grizzlies had won both of the others. INSIDE THE ARENA:  The M-V-P chants have started for  Manu Ginobili . The first time they were audible came early in the second half when Ginobili stepped to the free-throw line. He promptly missed and the chants weren't heard until late in overtime. GOOD MOVE:  Spurs veteran reserve  Antonio McDyess  has been able to take a few games off this season as the Spurs have managed their record start. The oldest player on the Spurs roster -- McDyess is 36 -- looked like he was going to get another break with the Spurs ahead by as much as 11 points in the first half. But when Memphis trimmed it to a one-point game midway through the third, McDyess came off the bench. Though his stats weren't eye-catching, he did seem to get the team settled. He played all five minutes of overtime and made the Spurs first shot of the extra period. BAD MOVE:  That actually came last night when Gay ran down the court and did his best to get retribution on the Rockets'  Luis Scola,  who appeared to get an elbow in the face of Gay on the prior possession. Grizzlies coach Lionel Hollins went out of his way before the game to mention that Gay's loss of composure was going to make it tough on his team. ROOKIE WATCH:  With  George Hill  in street clothes on the Spurs bench because of his right big toe sprain,  Gary Neal  was productive while playing his second-most minutes this season. He had 11 points off 4-of-10 shooting (2-of-6 from the 3-point line) and had five rebounds. Xavier Henry had a streak of 14 consecutive starts come to an end for the Grizzlies. Combined with  Greivis Vazquez , the Memphis rookies went 1-of-6 for three points. NOTABLE :  O.J. Mayo  was in the starting lineup for the first time in 14 games. Prior to the game, Mayo's last start was Nov. 19 (Memphis is 8-6 with him on the bench, 4-10 with him starting). He scored 27 points on 11-of-19 shooting and hit a tough 3-pointer with 21 seconds left to send the game into overtime (he was 5-of-8 from the 3-point line).  Tony Allen  (5-of-9, 15 points) got his first start of the season. The Spurs are 3-0 in overtime games this season, Memphis 1-3. The Grizzlies have one more game before Christmas, the Spurs three. Rarely used  Chris Quinn  (he hasn't played more than four minutes for San Antonio since a 29-point, garbage-time blowout of New Orleans on Dec. 5) played 6 1/2 minutes in the second quarter and made the most of it with super-sub Hill on the bench with a right big toe sprain. He went 3-of-4 with a pair of 3-pointers during that stretch. UP NEXT : For the Grizzlies, Tuesday vs. New Jersey, Sunday @ Indiana, Monday vs. Toronto. For the Spurs, Monday vs. Phoenix, Wednesday vs. Denver, Thursday @ Orlando.  