Notebook: Spurs 113, Nets 92 
 
 
 Tim Price, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Dec 31, 2013 10:35 PM - Updated Tue Dec 31, 2013 10:35 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  Andrei Kirilenko  returned from a 26-game absence for the Nets because of back spasms, but it didn't matter because Brooklyn lost for the six time in the last seven games on Tuesday. 
 
 THE LEAD: Tony Parker  scored 18 points,  Tim Duncan  added 15 points and  Manu Ginobili  also scored 15 to lead the San Antonio Spurs to a 113-92 victory over the struggling Nets at AT&T Center. 
 San Antonio (25-7) built a 23-point lead in the second quarter and led by as many as 32 after halftime. The Spurs have won four of five, and their record could get even fatter off New York basketball when the Knicks come to town on Thursday. 
 The Nets (10-21) got decent production from the bench when  Shaun Livingston  and  Mason Plumlee  each scored 15 and  Alan Anderson  had 13. Starters  Paul Pierce  had 13 and  Mirza Teletovic  scored 12, but  Kevin Garnett  had two points. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "It's embarrassing. I don't know if I've been a part of this many blowouts in one season already. At some point, we better have our pride. It has to come from each individual and say we've just had enough of this. I play with a sense of pride. I listen to Jason [Kidd]. He's our coach. I don't get into all of that [of believing -- or not -- in the job Kidd is doing as coach]."  -- Paul Pierce 
 
 THE STAT:  The Nets hit 2-for-3 from the floor to start the game, but then missed their next six shots and seven of their next eight. They trailed by double digits 4 ½ minutes into the game and shot 36 percent in the first quarter and followed with 28 percent in the second. Even when they shot 68 percent in the third, the Spurs shot 83 percent. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Brooklyn trailed by 10 points with 4 ½ minutes remaining in the first half. But the Nets missed the final six shots of the half from the floor and the Spurs closed out the scoring 17-4 to go to halftime. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "Certainly, when you have a [big] lead, it's a little bit tougher to focus. But I thought we did a good job of that."  
 -- Spurs coach  Gregg Popovich 
 
 
 HOT:  Ginobili has connected on 37-for-38 from the free-throw line over the past nine games. He was 6-for-6 Tuesday (Parker went 9-for-9). Through the first half the Spurs went 19-for-20 from the foul line while the Nets only got seven trips. 
 
 NOT:  Garnett, 37, is 24 days younger than Duncan. But on a night that Duncan went 7-for-11 in 24 minutes, Garnett was 0-for-5 in 16 minutes. He's now 9-for-32 from the floor over the past five games. 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Parker missed scoring 20 points or more for the second time in the last six games. His 18 points against the Nets came with six assists. Over those last six games Parker is averaging 19.6 points and 7.2 assists. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Despite their lackluster play, the Nets entered the night just four games out of the Atlantic Division lead and 2 ½ games out of a playoff spot. So there was no need pushing Kirilenko in his first game back after a nasty bout of back spasms caused him to miss 26 games since Nov. 8. The 32-year-old was limited to 11 minutes, a plan that Kidd had announced before the game. Kirilenko went 2-for-2 from the floor but missed his only free throw, had four points, two assists and a rebound. Kirilienko: "I didn't feel any uncomfortable feelings. I think I did a pretty good job, despite the result, to get my routine, my work during the game. Unfortunately, I'm not ready to play more than 10 to 12 minutes yet." 
 
 BAD MOVE: Joe Johnson  played 1:55 before he picked up his second foul for the Nets.  Jason Terry  came in for him and immediately was called for a free-throw lane violation. Terry picked up his second foul and came out 2:32 later, but not before turning the ball over on a discontinued-dribble violation. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Plumlee (Duke, 22nd pick overall) was a bright spot for the Nets, even though he got rejected at the rim by  Matt Bonner  in the fourth quarter. He fell short of his career high of 19 points, but he did have his best marks as a pro with 13 rebounds and 38 minutes -- and five turnovers. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Duncan and Garnett have faced each other 43 times in the regular season in their careers, and Duncan now leads the head-to-head matchup 26-17. ... With Duncan and Pierce on the floor together, fans saw the 20th all-time scorer in league history (Pierce) against the 21st leading scorer (Duncan). 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Nets, Thursday @ Oklahoma City, Saturday vs. Cleveland, Monday vs. Atlanta. For the Spurs, Thursday vs. New York, Saturday vs. L.A. Clippers, Tuesday @ Memphis. 
