  Jazz-Clippers notebook   By Dan Arritt, for NBA.com Posted Sunday November 28, 2010 6:52PM THE FACTS:  All five starters scored in double figures Sunday afternoon and  C.J. Miles  had 16 points off the bench as the Utah Jazz won their fifth straight game, 109-97, against the Los Angeles Clippers at Staples Center. QUOTABLE:  "We just had to give the ball to someone who was open. You don't have to shoot it every time you get it. You pass the ball and you have a better chance of getting a high-percentage shot."   -  Utah coach  Jerry Sloan THE STAT:  After scoring 60 points in the first half, the Clippers were held to 14 in the decisive third quarter against a stingy zone defense. They committed seven turnovers during that span, shot 5-for-19 from the field and put the Jazz in the bonus with four minutes remaining. TURNING POINT:  The Clippers took a 10-point lead in the opening minute of the third quarter on a bank shot by  Blake Griffin . Los Angeles then got fancy on an ensuing 3-on-1 break when rookie point guard  Eric Bledsoe  tried an ally-oop pass to Griffin, but the pass was off target and the Jazz followed with a 13-0 run to put them back ahead. QUOTABLE   II:  "They were killing us with their offense, getting the kind of shots they wanted. Then we slowed them down a little bit and they missed some shots."  -    Sloan HOT : The Jazz shot 58.6 percent from the floor for the game. Miles was 6-for-7 off the bench,  Deron Williams  was 8-for-14 with a team-high 26 points and  Paul Millsap  finished 7-for-11 for 15 points. NOT:   Brian Cook  had been steadily gaining minutes off the bench for the Clippers, but his shoot-first style didn't work against the Jazz, as he missed all six field-goal attempts and had the crowd begging for him to come out of the game while he spelled Griffin in the fourth quarter. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Clippers leading scorer  Eric Gordon  salvaged a decent game after going the first 21 minutes of the second half without a field goal. Gordon, who came in seventh in the league in scoring average (24.5), finished with 21 points and nine assists. GOOD MOVE:  Utah coach  Jerry Sloan  had  Francisco Elson  guard Griffin for much of the second half and he managed to slow the high-flying rookie enough to allow the Jazz to pull away. Elson played the entire fourth quarter and finished with seven points, four rebounds and four assists in a season-high 21 minutes. BAD MOVE:  Clippers coach  Vinny Del Negro  played Griffin the entire third quarter, forcing him to go with Cook in the early stretches of the fourth. The Jazz managed to stretch their lead from five points to 10 while Griffin was out of the game. ROOKIE WATCH:  Griffin continues to be worth the price of admission, as he finished with a game-high 35 points, 14 rebounds and even managed to distribute seven assists. During an 11-0 run at the end of the first half that helped the Clippers to an eight-point lead, he had seven points and two assists. NOTABLE:  The Clippers shot 70.6 percent in the opening quarter, their highest percentage for a quarter this season. Unfortunately, the Jazz shot 63.6 and only trailed, 32-30. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Wednesday vs. San Antonio, Friday @ Denver, Sunday at Portland. For the Jazz, Monday vs. Milwaukee, Wednesday vs. Indiana, Friday vs. Dallas.  