Notebook: 76ers 111, Lakers 104 
 
 
 Dan Arritt, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Mon Dec 30, 2013 1:37 AM - Updated Mon Dec 30, 2013 2:13 AM 
 
 THE FACT:   The 76ers ended a 13-game road losing streak dating to Nov. 9 with a win against the increasingly short-handed Lakers. 
 
 THE LEAD:  With  Evan Turner  and  Thaddeus Young  leading the way, the Philadelphia 76ers (9-21) pulled off a rare 111-104 road victory over the Los Angeles Lakers (13-18)  -- who suffered yet another crucial injury -- Sunday night at the Staples Center. 
 The Lakers entered the game without three opening-night starters, as well as  Kobe Bryant , the franchise's all-time leading scorer. Before the first quarter ended, L.A. watched another key player,  Xavier Henry , disappear into the trainer's room.  
 
 QUOTABLE:   "Down the stretch, we did a really good job of defensively locking in and just paying attention to detail and personnel."  
 --  Thaddeus Young 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The 76ers entered the game as the second-best team in the NBA in points in the paint (50.6) and they were big in that area against the Lakers, posting a 52-28 advantage.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Lakers got a nice push from what's left of their bench to start the fourth quarter, turning a 10-point deficit into a three-point lead on  Nick Young 's pull-up jumper with 5:46 remaining. L.A. was already in the bonus but couldn't take advantage, as Philadelphia scored six unanswered points to move back ahead by three with 4:01 left.  Jordan Hill  missed a free throw that would have completed a three-point play and cut the deficit to two with 1:31 to play, and Thaddeus Young then completed a three-point play, extending the 76ers' lead to 107-101. The Lakers had a final chance to tie the score, but  Shawne Williams  missed an open 3-pointer from the top of the key with 20 seconds left and  Michael Carter-Williams  sank two free throws at the other end to seal the victory. 
 
 HOT:   The only player who shot the ball well was 76ers center  Spencer Hawes , who finished 7-for-12 with 18 points. Nick Young scored 25 points after putting up 30 in each of the two previous games and Turner scored 22 after sitting out Saturday night's loss at Phoenix with a sore knee. Carter-Williams picked up his second foul midway through the first quarter, but bounced back to finish with 13 points on 4-for-7 shooting, with five assists and four steals. The Lakers got off to a great start, hitting four of their first five shots for a 12-2 lead, but they then missed 12 of their next 13 to open the door for the 76ers. 
 
 NOT:   The Lakers shot 36.9 percent from the floor, committed 22 turnovers and gave up 17 offensive rebounds, hardly the formula to end a four-game losing streak. Lakers starting forward  Wes Johnson , the No. 4 overall pick in the 2010 draft, continues to show why he's already on his third NBA team, missing all three of his field-goal attempts and scoring two points in 19 minutes. That was actually an improvement over Friday's game, when he missed both field-goal tries and went scoreless in a two-point loss to the Jazz. Johnson is one of several Lakers on one-year contracts, so his NBA shelf life may be getting shorter. Nick Young enlivened the crowd when he checked into the game with 5:39 left in the first quarter, but he missed his first six shots and committed three bad turnovers. He salvaged the half by hitting a 3-pointer with four seconds left to tie the score at 52, but ultimately finished 6-for-21 from the floor with six turnovers.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:   "We have guys battling, but it's not enough right now. It's very disappointing."  
 -- Lakers coach  Mike D'Antoni 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:   Turner decided to cap off the night with a breakaway 360-degree dunk, but the shot came just after the final horn sounded. As the Lakers bench rose up in bewilderment at his decision to go through with the dunk, Turner was quick to hurry over and apologize, but he was largely ignored by the L.A. players.  
 
 BAD MOVE:   The Lakers were already without Bryant (fractured knee),  Pau Gasol  (upper respiratory infection),  Steve Nash  (nerve root irritation) and  Steve Blake  (elbow). Now they can add Henry to the list of wounded. He headed to the locker room with trainer  Gary Vitti  late in the first quarter with a sprained right knee and did not return. Henry, who is fifth on the team in scoring at 10.4 points a game, will have an MRI on Monday. The injury left L.A. thin at point guard, once again, and recently acquired free agent  Kendall Marshall  was forced into a much bigger role than D'Antoni envisioned. Kendall actually did well, scoring eight points and handing out three assists in 17 minutes. 
 
 NOTABLE:   Young finished with 26 points to match his season high. ... Hill moved back into the starting lineup in place of  Chris Kaman  and produced 18 points and 13 rebounds. ... The 76ers have forced at least 20 turnovers eight times this season after doing so only six times all of last season.  
 
 UP NEXT:   For the Lakers, Tuesday vs. Milwaukee, Friday vs. Utah, Sunday vs. Denver. For the 76ers, Wednesday @ Denver, Thursday @ Sacramento, Saturday @ Portland.  
