Notebook: Jazz 104, Kings 102 
 
 
 Andrew Aragon, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Nov 24, 2012 12:42 AM - Updated Sat Nov 24, 2012 12:42 AM 
 
 THE FACTS: Gordon Hayward  sank a go-ahead 22-foot jumper with 4.5 seconds remaining and the Utah Jazz rallied from a 13-point fourth-quarter deficit to defeat the Sacramento Kings 104-102 on Friday night.  
    After Hayward's basket, Sacramento's  James Johnson  drove the length of the floor and missed a runner that would have tied the game.  
    Hayward and  Derrick Favors  both came off the bench to lift Utah. Hayward had a season-high 23 points, while Favors chipped in 16 points and 14 rebounds.  Marvin Williams , who replaced Favors in the starting lineup, had a solid game with a season-high 20 points and four rebounds.  
 
 Tyreke Evans  led Sacramento with 19 points despite playing just 3:06 in the fourth quarter.  Marcus Thornton  came off the bench to score 18 points and make three 3-pointers for the Kings.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I thought we won with a lot of grit, gut, staying together [and] understanding the time and moment of the game and what we had to do and our defense. That last seven minutes, I don't know offhand, but I think we had 11 or 12 stops out of 13 or 14 at the end and they were big defensive plays." 
 -- Jazz coach  Tyrone Corbin 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Jazz didn't have their best stuff as far as offensive execution and shooting goes. So they manufactured points by getting to the free-throw line. They had a 33-16 advantage in free throws attempted over the Kings, and shot 87.9 percent from the free-throw line.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Jazz appeared headed for certain defeat after Thornton hit a 3-pointer to give Sacramento a 97-85 lead with 6:30 remaining. But Utah kept chipping away and put together a 17-2 run with nine of its points coming at the free-throw line.  Jamaal Tinsley  made two foul shots to give Utah the lead at 100-99 and  Al Jefferson  added two more free throws to add to the Jazz's advantage. Tinsley had a key strip on  Aaron Brooks  with 14.9 seconds left to get Utah the ball back with the game tied 102-102.  
 
 HOT:  Brooks, despite the late turnover, has given Sacramento a lift since rejoining the starting lineup in the Kings' last three games. He had a season-high 17 points on 7-for-9 shooting.  For the Jazz, Jefferson shot 6-for-8 and scored 15 of his 17 points in the second half.  
 
 NOT:  The Kings ran an efficient offense until the fourth quarter. They shot 54.2 percent in the first three quarters -- against a team that had the third-best field-goal percentage defense in the league entering Friday's game. Sacramento, however, shot just 38.1 percent and Thornton was the only King to make more than one basket in the fourth quarter. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "Close the game out the right way. We tried to go one-on-one. We lost the ball. We had bad shots. All you had to do is look and see. All we have to do is run what we were running, don't be in a hurry and the game would be there. Too much one-on-one and it cost us the game." 
 -- Kings coach  Keith Smart  on his team's play in the fourth quarter 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  After a big third quarter by  DeMarcus Cousins  (when he scored 10 of his 14 points), Jazz coach Corbin put Favors on Cousins to shut him down in the fourth quarter. It worked. Cousins was frustrated by the long and athletic Favors and scored just two points in the fourth quarter. Those two points came at the free-throw line, as Cousins also had two fouls and a turnover in the fourth quarter.  
 
 BAD MOVE:  Sacramento was helpful to Utah's comeback by hacking away in the fourth quarter -- and sometimes 60 feet away from the basket. The Kings put the Jazz in the penalty early in the fourth quarter, committing a total of nine fouls. Utah shot 15 free throws in the fourth quarter, compared to just three by Sacramento, and made 13 of them. The excessive fouling by Sacramento made the Jazz's comeback too easy for them.   
 
 NOTABLE:  Jazz point guard  Mo Williams  sprained his ankle in the first quarter. He had it re-taped before briefly returning to the game in the second quarter and then had to leave the game for good.  Earl Watson  played for the first time for Utah this season after suffering a knee injury in April. He had two assists and two rebounds in nine minutes. Sacramento reserve  Jimmer Fredette  -- wildly cheered by BYU fans and lustily booed by Jazz fans -- had 10 points in his return to Utah. The Kings allowed a season-high 31 fast-break points. Utah never led by more than three points in Friday's game. The two teams play again on Saturday. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Kings, Saturday vs. Utah, Tuesday vs. Minnesota, Friday vs. Indiana. For the Jazz, Saturday @ Sacramento, Monday vs. Denver, Wednesday @ New Orleans. 
