  Notebook: Bucks 119, Wizards 118 Posted Tuesday February 28, 2012 11:52PM By Rick Braun, for NBA.com     THE FACTS: Ersan Ilyasova  tipped in a  Brandon Jennings'  miss with 2.2 seconds as the Milwaukee Bucks escaped with a 119-118 victory over the Washington Wizards on Tuesday night at the Bradley Center. Mike Dunleavy  scored 28 points off the bench as the Bucks snapped a six-game home losing streak. The Bucks led by as many as 22 points in the first half, but  John Wall  made a driving shot from the right side of the lane to give the Wizards a 118-117 lead with 6.8 seconds left. After a timeout, Jennings got a half-step on Wall and put up a floater from the left side of the lane. The shot bounced out, but Ilyasova was there for the tip. QUOTABLE:  "It was tough to finally get one at home, to pull it out. I thought we played well in the first half, but we let them back in it and let them hang around. Then in the third they made their run and it was a shootout from there. Fortunately, 'Ers' was in the right place at the right time and tipped that one in."   -- Dunleavy, who scored 16 of his 28 points in the second quarter THE STAT:  Five players recorded double-doubles. For Milwaukee,  Drew Gooden  had 15 points and 10 rebounds, Ilyasova finished with 13 points and 11 rebounds and Jennings had 14 points and 10 assists. For Washington, Wall had 19 points and 15 assists and forward  Trevor Booker  had 20 points and 11 rebounds. TURNING POINT:  Two 11-0 runs by Washington in the third quarter turned a game where Milwaukee led by as many as 22 in the first half into a shootout. Wall capped an 11-3 run that gave the Wizards the lead with 6.8 seconds left, but Ilyasova's tip was the last of 11 lead changes. QUOTABLE II:  "Brandon just penetrated and brought the defense to him. I kind of just tried to follow the ball and tip it in."   -- Ilyasova on his game-winning tip HOT: Maurice Evans  brought the Wizards back into the game with a 6-for-7 night that included 3-for-4 on 3-pointers. NOT:  Jennings was just 6-for-18 and 1-for-5 from behind the arc, but his last miss of the night led to the winning basket when he drew two defenders. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Green Bay Packers tight end  Jermichael Finley , who signed a new contract last week, was in a courtside seat. ROOKIE WATCH:  Washington forward  Chris Singleton  had 16 points and nine rebounds. Milwaukee's  Tobias Harris  posted 11 points and seven rebounds. NOTABLE:  Jennings had a hand in the first 11 Bucks points, scoring on a jumper and dishing out assists on the other four baskets, including a 3-pointer by Ilyasova. ... When  Jon Leuer  scored with 11:10 left in the second quarter, the Bucks already had 10 players with at least one field goal. ... Gooden landed hard on his back with 6:53 in the third quarter after a foul on Singleton. He bounced up quickly, however, and made both free throws. He left with 5:29 remaining in the third and did not return and was walking quite stiffly after the game as the Bucks prepared to leave for their late-night flight to Boston. UP NEXT:  For the Wizards, Wednesday vs. Orlando, Friday vs. Cleveland, Monday vs. Golden State. For the Bucks, Wednesday @ Boston, Friday @ Atlanta, Saturday @ Orlando.  