  Knicks-Kings notebook   By Jimmy Spencer, for NBA.com Posted Thursday November 18, 2010 1:43AM THE FACTS:   Amar'e Stoudemire  and  Danilo Gallinari  scored 27 points apiece as the New York Knicks snapped a six-game losing streak with a 113-106 road victory against the Sacramento Kings. The loss extends the Kings' losing streak to six straight. QUOTABLE:  "We're a young team and one minute we're playing hard, the next minute we're terrible."   -- Kings rookie  DeMarcus Cousins . THE STAT:  It was the tale of two different games. Both teams watched big leads vanish at different points of the contest. Sacramento led by as many as 15 points in the first quarter and New York held a 14-point advantage in the third quarter and a 13-point advantage as late as 9:41 remaining in the fourth quarter. But Sacramento trailed by just two points midway through the fourth quarter and was within four points with just more than two minutes remaining. TURNING POINT:   Beno Udrih , whose 3-pointer followed by his transition layup, cut the lead to four points with just more than two minutes remaining. But Udrih fell down on the defensive end, leading to a made open jumper by  Raymond Felton . The Kings then squandered back-to-back possessions on a  Tyreke Evans ' bad running jumper followed by an Evans turnover.  Ronny Turiaf 's tip-in on the offensive glass on the next possession grew New York's lead to eight points with 51.6 seconds remaining. HOT:  The duo of Stoudemire and Gallinari continues to charge the Knicks' offense. The pair has combined for 99 points in two nights. NOT:  The Kings' shooting woes continue. Sacramento was just 4-for-15 from behind the 3-point arc on Wednesday night and are now a combined 6-for-33 from outside in the team's last two games. QUOTABLE II:  "When we come in after a loss it's like this. No one is talking, it's quiet, everybody's head is down."   -- Cousins on the mood in Kings' locker room. GOOD MOVE:  Little-used recently,  Donte Greene  saw extended minutes in the second half. Greene entered early in the third quarter to an ovation from the crowd, and his energy seemed to spark the Kings. Greene finished with eight points on 3-for-5 shooting with two rebounds and two steals in 20 minutes. ROOKIE WATCH:  Cousins had his most productive game thus far in his early rookie season, scoring 15 points and grabbing 10 rebounds. The Kings consistently went to Cousins offensively late in the fourth quarter in a post matchup against Turiaf. NOTABLE:  The Kings trailed 54-49 at halftime and have not led at halftime all season long. ... Sacramento looked like they would lead for the first time as they took a 27-14 lead after the first quarter. ... Kings head coach  Paul Westphal  shifted the starting lineup, mixing things up following five consecutive losses and slow starts. Westphal inserted  Jason Thompson  at the small forward position and  Luther Head  at point guard, replacing  Omri Casspi  and Udrih. One could say the move paid off after the first quarter burst, however that same five didn't play together again until opening the third quarter, and even then it was brief. ... Gallinari's 16 made free throws was a career high. UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Friday at Golden State, Saturday at the Clippers, Tuesday vs. Charlotte. For the Kings, Friday vs. New Jersey, Sunday vs. New Orleans, Monday at Utah.  