  Spurs-Hornets notebook   By Larry Holder, for NBA.com  Posted Sunday November 28, 2010 6:23PM THE FACTS:   Manu Ginobili  scored 23 points and  Tim Duncan  added 22 points as the San Antonio Spurs blasted the New Orleans Hornets 109-95 on Sunday afternoon at the New Orleans Arena. With the win, San Antonio maintained the league's best record at 14-2. THE STAT:  The Spurs had a complete makeover in the second half as they outscored the Hornets 65-34 after being down by 17 points at halftime. San Antonio shot 60.5 percent in the second half and 71.4 percent in the fourth quarter. QUOTABLE:  "It's hard to believe that we were like (outscoring the Hornets in the second half by) 30 at one point against a really good team that's smart. We were kind of shocked, but we played very well."   --  Ginobili on the drastic change of outcome in the third quarter TURNING POINT:  The Spurs went on a 13-2 run early in the fourth quarter to give San Antonio an 85-79 lead with 9:25 remaining in the game. The game was never close after that. GOOD MOVE:  Hornets forward  David West  scored 16 points in the first quarter. Spurs coach  Gregg Popovich  went with a different philosophy in defending West in the second half. Ginobili said the Spurs blitzed West as they threw double teams at him nearly every time he touched the ball in the second half. In particular,  Antonio McDyess  and  George Hill  held West in check in the fourth quarter. West ended with 23 points. HOT:  The Spurs'  Richard Jefferson  scored 19 points on 7-of-11 shooting, and was a major factor in the second half when he scored 12 of his 19 in the final 24 minutes. NOT:  The Hornets in the second half. They only shot 35.5 percent from the floor and couldn't contain the Spurs at all defensively in the second half. QUOTABLE II:  "Bottom line is I got outcoached. ... Coach Pop made move after move and I didn't make the adjustment."   -- Hornets coach  Monty Williams INSIDE THE ARENA:  Rapper  Lil' Wayne  sat courtside for the Hornets-Spurs game. It's the second time he's sat courtside since being released from jail a few weeks ago. NOTABLE : The Spurs remain the only undefeated team on the road in the NBA with Sunday's win. Their two losses came at home against the Hornets and the Mavericks. ... It's the first time the Hornets have lost at home all season. ...  Chris Paul  had 15 points, seven assists and six rebounds in the Hornets' loss. ... With a start in today's game, West moved to fourth in the Hornets record book with 476 games played passing  P.J. Brown. UP NEXT:  For the Spurs, Tuesday @ Golden State, Wednesday @ L.A. Clippers, Friday vs. Minnesota. For the Hornets, Monday @ Oklahoma State, Wednesday vs. Charlotte, Friday vs. New York.  