  Notebook: Magic 102, Knicks 93   By Adam Zagoria, for NBA.com Posted Monday January 16, 2012 4:59PM THE FACTS:   Ryan Anderson  poured in a career-high 30 points, hitting 7-of-13 from beyond the arc, as the visiting Magic won their fourth straight, 102-93, over the Knicks at Madison Square Garden. J.J. Redick  added 21 and  Hedo Turkoglu  had 13 of his 15 in the second half for the Magic, who trailed 51-45 at the break Dwight Howard , coming off a career-high tying 45 points in Thursday's win over Golden State, managed just eight points, 10 rebounds and three blocks while facing a double-team for much of the game. Carmelo Anthony  returned after missing one game with a sprained ankle and wrist to lead the Knicks with 33 points on 9-for-27 shooting. He also had eight rebounds, five assists and three steals to go with five turnovers.. New York has now dropped three in a row. QUOTABLE:  "A lot of my open shots came off high pick-and-rolls from Dwight and I'm just open in the corner."    -- Anderson THE STAT:  Orlando shot 17 for 35 from beyond the arc. The last time the Knicks allowed 17 3-pointers in a game was March 5, 2008 against the Cavaliers. QUOTABLE II:  "Obviously, 17 threes is not going to help you. Anderson made a couple that were tough looks, but they made them."   -- Knicks coach  Mike D'Antoni THE STAT II:  Anthony took more shots (27) than the rest of the Knicks' starters combined (23). Also, the Knicks went 5-for-20 from beyond the arc, with Anthony shooting a miserable 1-for-8. QUOTABLE III:  "It's not like he's looking around thinking, 'I need to pass it.'"   -- D'Antoni on Anthony TURNING POINT:  After the Knicks went ahead 85-83 on an  Amar'e Stoudemire  fourth-quarter dunk, Orlando used a zone to rattle off a 17-6 run go up 100-91 thanks to three 3-pointers, two from Turkoglu and one from Anderson. Stoudemire scored eight of his 10 points in the fourth quarter, but didn't take a shot across the final six minutes or so. QUOTABLE IV:  "We couldn't attack the zone the way we wanted to."   -- Stoudemire NOTABLE:  Howard, Anthony and Chandler were selected Monday among the 20 finalists for the U.S. Olympic roster. The team will once again be coached by Duke coach  Mike Krzyzewski  in the 2012 London Olympics. Stoudemire, who couldn't play in the 2010 World Championships because of insurance issues related to his eye and knee injuries, said he would be open to playing. "If the USA wants me to play, I'm totally down with playing." NOTABLE II:  Chandler is not rooting for the Giants in the NFL playoffs. "It's definitely gonna be the 49ers," the California native told MSG's  Jill Martin . ... Anthony said he re-tweaked his ankle stepping on Turkoglu's foot during the game and received ice and stimulation treatment afterward, but he plans to play Wednesday against Phoenix.  INSIDE THE ARENA:  Yankees pitcher  C.C. Sabathia  and former Giants punter  Sean Landetta  were among those on hand. UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Wednesday vs. Phoenix, Friday vs. Milwaukee, Saturday vs. Denver. For the Magic, Tuesday vs. Charlotte, Wednesday vs. San Antonio, Friday vs. L.A. Lakers.  