Notebook: Nuggets 107, Warriors 101 
 
 
 Geoff Lepper, For NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Nov 11, 2012 3:01 AM - Updated Sun Nov 11, 2012 3:01 AM 
 
 THE FACTS:  The Denver Nuggets weren't going to let the prospect of two overtimes keep them from posting a clean sweep during a brutal stretch of four games in five nights, scoring the final 11 points to finish off the Golden State Warriors 107-101 Saturday. 
 
 Andre Iguodala  and  Danilo Gallinari  drained for back-to-back 3-pointers in the final minute, the latter giving the Nuggets (4-3) a 103-101 lead with 35.9 seconds to go. 
 Gallinari finished with a team-high 21 points while Iguodala nearly had his first triple-double since coming to the Nuggets, totaling 19 points, 12 rebounds and eight assists. 
 
 Kenneth Faried  feasted in the lane against the Warriors, with 18 points and 17 boards. Denver had 23 offensive rebounds and outscored Golden State 66-42 in the paint. 
 
 Klay Thompson  led the Warriors with 23 points, but missed a pair of free throws with 13 seconds remaining in the first overtime and the Warriors holding a 94-92 lead. Gallinari charged through a confused Warriors defense for an uncontested dunk with 2.1 seconds left to force the second OT. 
 
 Carl Landry  had 22 points, 17 in the fourth quarter and beyond, but couldn't keep the Warriors (3-4) from suffering a second loss in as many nights. 
 Denver, which shot just 38.1 percent from the floor, will take a four-game winning streak to Phoenix on Monday after opening the year 0-3. 
 
 QUOTABLE : "They had it three or four times, and we took it back from them. ...Our defense is winning us games. Kenneth's energy on the boards and the offensive rebounds are giving us extra possessions so that we can survive shooting the ball as poorly as we're shooting it right now."  
 -- Denver coach  George Karl 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Gallinari came into the game converting just 27.9 percent of his shots and, when he opened Saturday with 10 consecutive misses, it looked like more of the same. But Gallinari hit a 3-pointer early in the third quarter, and finished on an 8-for-12 tear. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Landry was a huge reason Golden State was even in a position to win in the first place, but he couldn't close out his final chance to finish Denver off, clanging a pair of free throws at the 1:22 mark of the second extra period. The Warriors were hoping Landry could increase their lead to six, but instead he missed both, and Iguodala responded with a pull-up 3-pointer to make it a 101-100 game. Landry then missed a driving layup, giving Gallinari the chance to take the lead off an  Andre Miller  dish. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Karl never wavered in playing Gallinari, who clocked more than 48 minutes in the game, even though his shot was off for so long in the first half. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I think you've got to keep swinging. Gallo's a good enough player that you can't sit him down. There's no way that's feasible, in my mind. ...There's a slump and then there's frustration with the slump. I thought the game hopefully got him over it." 
  -- George Karl 
 
 NOT:  Warriors coach  Mark Jackson  keeps insisting he has no worries about his team's offense, but the club's shooting woes are quickly becoming a problem. Golden State went just 38.2 percent from the floor, including a 9-for-26 night from Thompson, 7-for-19 from  David Lee  and 7-for-17 from  Stephen Curry . Golden State is now down to 42.3 percent on the season. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "This is the worst I've felt after a game. We got outworked tonight. They dominated us on the boards [and] we made critical mistakes down the stretch that are simple basketball plays to make. The bottom line is you can't make these mistakes. It's just a bad feeling." 
  -- Mark Jackson 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  Backup center  Andris Biedrins , booed mercilessly at the Warriors' home opener last week, was greeted warmly during his active first-quarter stint. He earned a roaring ovation when he knocked down two free throws -- his first makes of the season after four laughable misses -- midway through the second quarter. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Faried's 17 rebounds is the most for a Warriors opponent this year. He also has four double-doubles. ...Denver was only 10-for-47 shooting outside the paint. ... All told, there were 19 lead changes and 13 ties. ...The Nuggets' 113 field-goal attempts are a single-game high in the NBA this season. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Nuggets, Monday @ Phoenix, Thursday vs. Miami, Saturday @ San Antonio. For the Warriors, Wednesday vs. Atlanta, Friday @ Minnesota, Sunday @ Oklahoma City. 
