  Notebook: Warriors 106, Rockets 97 Posted Monday February 13, 2012 1:19AM By Geoff Lepper, for NBA.com THE FACTS: Monta Ellis  scored 33 points with seven assists and his Golden State teammates drained a dozen 3-pointers as the Warriors beat the Houston Rockets, 106-97, Sunday night.  David Lee  had 15 points, 13 rebounds and six assists, while  Stephen Curry  and rookie  Klay Thompson  each had 14 points and combined for seven treys. Golden State shot 54.2 percent from beyond the arc to hand Houston just its fifth loss in the Rockets' last 18 games, negating  Kevin Martin's  28-point night. THE STAT:  Ellis and Curry combined for 47 points. Over the Warriors' last five games -- three Golden State victories and a couple near-misses -- the backcourt duo is averaging 50.4 points per game together on 55.8 percent shooting. With a career-high 48-point performance for Ellis against Oklahoma City on Tuesday and a season-high 36 for Curry in Denver on Thursday, this is arguably the most productive stretch the pair have enjoyed since being teamed together three years ago. QUOTABLE:  "What they're doing right now is playing off of one another. They're realizing who has the hot hand -- at all times, they're being unselfish. From Day 1, those guys looked to make plays for the other. Almost too much. They're a talented tandem, and when they're clicking, they're as good as it gets in this league."  --  Warriors head coach  Mark Jackson  on the Curry-Ellis combination. TURNING POINT:  The Warriors have had trouble maintaining production while mixing and matching their starters and reserves. But a group of two starters -- Ellis and Lee -- blended with Thompson,  Nate Robinson  and  Ekpe Udoh  to deliver a 17-5 run at the start of the fourth quarter, turning a close game into a comfortable lead that never again dipped below seven points. ROOKIE WATCH:  Thompson didn't match his career-high 19 points against Denver from Thursday, but he still was a critical component of the Warriors' offense, going 4-for-6 from deep as a complement to Ellis and Curry. After a slow start, Thompson has hit 12 of his last 16 3-point attempts, and leads all rookies in 3-point shooting at 49.3 percent. GOOD MOVE:  With Thompson in a groove, Jackson let him stay on the floor for the final 14:17, and the rookie responded with nine points, four rebound and two assists in that stretch. QUOTABLE II:  "The thing I love about him is nothing bothers him. It's absolutely funny. He doesn't care. He's a great shooter, but he's a big-time competitor. Underrated defender, underrated passer. It's scary to think just how good he's going to be."  --  Jackson on Thompson. HOT:  Ellis started slowly, missing six of his seven shots in the opening 8 1/2 minutes. From then on, he was deadly, going 12-for-16 and blowing apart Houston's defense. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Martin came into the evening on a 5-for-26 cold snap over the first four games of the Rockets' current trip. Turns out a dose of the Warriors -- who allowed Martin to average 29.3 points per game against them last season -- was all the ailing gunner needed. Martin went 5-for-11 on 3-pointers and 9-for-10 from the free-throw line to reach the 25-point plateau for the 11th time this season. NOTABLE:  The Warriors and Rockets combined for assists on the first 19 baskets of the game. There wasn't an unassisted bucket until Robinson pulled up for a 3-pointer at the 10:34 mark in the second quarter. . . . Lee and Curry each recorded their 1,000th career assist during the first half. . . . Warriors forward  Dominic McGuire , whom Jackson considers his best individual player, missed the game due to soreness in his left knee. UP NEXT:  For the Warriors, Monday vs. Phoenix, Wednesday vs. Portland, Friday @ Oklahoma City. For the Rockets, Tuesday @ Memphis, Wednesday vs. Oklahoma City, Friday vs. Utah.  