Notebook: Mavericks 108, Trail Blazers 106 
 
 
 Kerry Eggers, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Dec 08, 2013 2:01 AM - Updated Sun Dec 08, 2013 2:01 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  There were 18 lead changes and 12 ties in one of the most back-and-forth NBA games fans will see. 
 
 THE LEAD:   Monta Ellis  buried a 21-foot fadeaway jump shot at the buzzer to lift Dallas to a 108-106 victory over Portland Saturday night at the Moda Center. 
   Ellis' game-winning shot came following a timeout with 1.9 seconds to go after Portland's  Damian Lillard  drilled a 3-pointer to tie the score at 106-106. After the timeout, Ellis ran off a triple-screen and got the ball at the foul line, getting off the shot just in time to avoid an overtime session. 
 
 Dirk Nowitzki  scored nine of his team-high 28 points in the final 3:48 for the Mavericks (13-8), who led by six points with 45 seconds to play. 
   The loss snapped a four-game win streak and an eight-game home win streak for Portland (17-4), which got a game-high 32 points from Lillard. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I was born for it. I love that time of the game. I've hit a couple of game-winners in my career. At that point of the guy, you always like to have that confidence to take the last shot, and I got it."  
 -- Monta Ellis 
 
 
 TURNING POINT:  When Ellis' game-winner trickled through the net. 
 
 HOT:  Nowitzki and Lillard -- who sank four 3-pointers in the final 4:16 -- were money when it counted most. 
 
 NOT:  Dallas'  Vince Carter  (4-for-13) and Portland's  Mo Williams  (3-for-9) both came off the bench to take several inappropriate shots in the second half. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I hate to lose a game like that. I'd rather be blown out than to lose at the buzzer. But we have to move on and take care of business in our next game."  
 -- Damian Lillard 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Mavs coach  Rick Carlisle  chose to use Nowitzki as a decoy on the final play. It worked superbly. On an inbound play, Ellis came off a triple pick and took a pass from  Jose Calderon . Ellis was wide open just outside the foul line, and the one Blazer with a chance to defend him --  LaMarcus Aldridge  -- didn't pick him up. Splat. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Dallas led 106-103 with 6.8 seconds to go in regulation. The Blazers inbounded the ball to Aldridge at the foul line. The Mavericks could have fouled him, putting Aldridge at the line with a chance only to get to within one point. They didn't, and Aldridge passed out to Lillard, who made a 3-point shot to tie the game with 1.9 seconds left. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:   "We shouldn't have been in that situation. But when you get in that situation, you have to get the ball to [either Ellis or Nowitzki]. Jose threw a great pass, Monta made a great shot and we get out of here alive." 
 -- Rick Carlisle 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  The Blazers, who set an NBA record for best 3-point percentage with at least 15 makes (17-for-23, .739) in Friday's win over Utah, were 9-for-30 from beyond the arc against Dallas. ...  Aldridge collected 19 points and 13 rebounds for his 11th double-double of the season. Teammate  Robin Lopez  had 14 points and 14 rebounds for his eighth double-double and tied a career high with eight offensive boards. ...  Portland is now 5-1 playing the second of back-to-back games.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Mavericks, Monday @ Sacramento, Wednesday @ Golden State, Saturday vs. Milwaukee. For the Trail Blazers, Saturday vs. Dallas, Monday @ Utah, Thursday vs. Houston. 
