  Notebook: Knicks 114, Kings 92   By James Ham, for NBA.com Posted Saturday December 31, 2011 11:29PM THE FACTS:  The Sacramento Kings got their New Years hangover started early, as they allowed the visiting New York Knicks to walk into Power Balance Pavilion and dominate them by a score of 114-92. Rookie  Josh Harrellson  set the tone early for the Knicks, warming up the offense before handing it over to  Carmelo Anthony  and  Tyson Chandler , who finished the Kings off before the fourth quarter began. QUOTABLE:  "Coach D'Antoni is comfortable with me shooting the ball. He gives me the green light. He puts me in positions to be successful and he's a great coach for that."   --  Harrellson following the victory. THE STAT: Tyson Chandler  entered the game averaging 7.3 points per contest on just two field-goal attempts. Tonight against the Kings, Chandler scored 22 points, shooting 6-for-8 from the floor and knocking down all 10 of his free throws in 24 minutes of action. TURNING POINT:  The turning point in this game happened on a plane ride over Bakersfield, when Knicks star power forward  Amar'e Stoudemire  had his left ankle swell up. Rookie Josh Harrellson, starting his first NBA game, could do no wrong in Stoudemire's place. The Kentucky product smoked the Kings, scoring 14 points and grabbing 12 rebounds in 38 minutes of play. HOT:  Josh Harrellson scored a career-high 14 points on 5-for-11 shooting, while hitting 4-of-8 3-pointer shots. NOT: DeMarcus Cousins  continued his early season struggles, shooting 2-for-10 from the field and lowering his season field goal percentage to just 32 percent. QUOTABLE II:  "Being able to get a little pay-back on DeMarcus, that means a lot, because he used to whip me everyday at practice when I was at Kentucky."  --  Josh Harrellson QUOTABLE III:  "I think we're pretty down and we have a game tomorrow."  --  Coach Paul Westphal on his mental state after three consecutive loses. GOOD MOVE:  Coach mike D'Antoni had a few options to fill the empty void in his line-up left by Stoudemire's injury. D'Antoni chose Harrelson because, " Chuck Hayes  will be a tough match up. He can pound it in there and I'd rather have Josh in there getting pounded." Harrellson did a lot more than get pounded by Chuck Hayes; he made D'Antoni look like a genius. BAD MOVE:  Coming into the game, Coach Westphal complimented Josh Harrelleson on his ability to shoot: "He's  John Brockman  with a long shot," said Westphal. Clearly his team was not listening to the scouting report, as they consistently left the rookie wide open on the perimeter. NOTABLE:  Rookie  Tyler Honeycutt  saw his first NBA action tonight, getting the call for the games final 3:51. Honeycutt finished with two points and a rebound, scoring on a pair of free throws. UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Monday vs. Raptors, Wednesday vs. Bobcats, Friday @ Washington. For the Kings, Sunday vs. Hornets, Tuesday @ Memphis, Wednesday @ Denver.  