Notebook: Spurs 112, Mavericks 90 
 
 
 Tim Price, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Jan 08, 2014 10:25 PM - Updated Wed Jan 08, 2014 10:29 PM 
 
 THE FACT : The Spurs defeated Dallas for the seventh-straight time on Wednesday. During those seven games,  Dirk Nowitzki  is averaging 14.4 points and shooting less than 40 percent from the floor for the Mavericks. 
 
 THE LEAD :  Tony Parker  scored 25 points and  Tim Duncan  added 16 points with 13 rebounds to lead the San Antonio Spurs to a 112-90 victory over the Dallas Mavericks at AT&T Center. 
 The Spurs (28-8) have won six of seven games and take a half-game lead over Oklahoma City for the best record in the Western Conference. San Antonio turned the ball over nine more times than Dallas, but survived with almost 53 percent shooting. 
 Dallas (20-16) has lost three of four. The Mavs got 21 points from  Monta Ellis  and 14 off the bench from  Vince Carter , but Nowitzki was limited to eight points off 3-for-14 shooting. 
 Each team played short-handed. The Spurs sat  Manu Ginobili  (hamstring) and starting center  Tiago Splitter  (shoulder) while  Shawn Marion  (shoulder) could not go for the Mavs. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "It is tough, especially against the Spurs. We have stunk it up against them the past two years. We completed with them one game last season; other than that, it's been lopsided." --  Dallas forward  Brandan Wright 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Spurs broke open a close game in the third quarter by shooting 13-for-16 from the floor and hitting 10-of-11 from the foul line to outscore the Mavs 37-24. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Spurs built a double-digit lead they would never lose with 6:47 to go in the third quarter. But it got lopsided when the Spurs scored 11-straight late in the third quarter to lead by 23. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "The third quarter was a demolition. We got out competed." --  Dallas coach  Rick Carlisle 
 
 
 HOT:  Parker was 10-for-15 from the floor Wednesday, including 6-for-6 in the decisive third quarter. He's 23-for-36 (64 percent) over the last three games. 
 
 NOT:  Nowitzki had his worst shooting night since New Year's Day (3-for-14 against Washington). He had gone 28-for-48 in the three games since then heading into Wednesday. 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Duncan's double-double is his third straight. He's averaging 19.7 points and 13.7 rebounds over that stretch. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:   Boris Diaw  has proven to be an effective defender for the Spurs, even being credited with a serviceable job during last year's Finals against  LeBron James . This time Diaw got the starting assignment and was the primary defender against Nowitzki. Nowitzki missed six of his first seven shots to start the game. Spurs coach  Gregg Popovich : "I thought Boris was magnificent." 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Prior to the game, Carlisle seemed unsure how he would proceed without Marion for two or three games. He might not go with the same starting lineup he used Wednesday with  Wayne Ellington  in Marion's spot. It gave the Mavericks a lineup that averaged not even 6-6 in height, with their tallest player (Nowitzki) being a perimeter or fall-away jump shooter. The Mavs were out-rebounded 23-10 in the first quarter, were outdone in second-chance points 10-3 and trailed by 11 points going into the second quarter. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:   Shane Larkin  played 17 minutes for Dallas and scored seven points with four rebounds and a pair of assists but three turnovers. He was 3-for-7 from the floor including a 3-pointer. 
 
 NOTABLE:  The seven-game winning streak San Antonio owns over Dallas includes both games this season; the teams play again March 2 in San Antonio in what will be the third game of the four-game season series. ... Marion is expected to miss the Mavs' game Friday in New Orleans; he did not make the trip to San Antonio. ... Dallas came in with a four-game road winning streak. ... While Marion is likely to miss the Mavs' next game, Ginobili is expected to be back the next time the Spurs play. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Mavericks, Friday @ New Orleans, Saturday vs. New Orleans, Monday vs. Orlando. For the Spurs, Sunday vs. Minnesota, Monday @ New Orleans, Jan. 15 vs. Utah. 
