  Notebook: Sixers 99, Cavaliers 84 Posted Sunday February 12, 2012 12:16AM Brian Dulik, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Point guards  Jrue Holiday  and  Lou Williams  combined for 39 points and 10 assists as the Philadelphia 76ers rolled to a 99-84 victory over the short-handed Cleveland Cavaliers. Starter Holiday collected 20 points and five assists, while Williams had 19 points and five helpers off the bench. Power forward  Thaddeus Young  added 16 points and six rebounds for Philadelphia, which snapped a seasonlong, two-game losing streak. Power forward  Antawn Jamison  paced Cleveland with 20 points and eight boards, while point guard  Ramon Sessions  had 19 points and a game-high eight assists. QUOTABLE:  "Their guys all played hard, but we just imposed our will a little bit more tonight. We wanted to get into the paint against them and make them attempt jump shots because of the guys they were missing."   -- 76ers power forward Young. THE STAT:  The Cavaliers played without three starters in point guard  Kyrie Irving  (concussion), center  Anderson Varejao  (right wrist fracture), and shooting guard  Anthony Parker  (lower back strain) -- meaning they had 34.8 points, 17.4 rebounds and 9.0 assists sitting on their bench in stylish suits. Without that trio in uniform, Cleveland shot a meager 36.9 percent from the field, including seven airballs. "That's no excuse for playing the way we did," Cavaliers power forward  Samardo Samuels  said. "I felt like we did a poor job and our energy wasn't there." TURNING POINT:  With Cleveland holding a 19-18 lead late in the first quarter, Williams and backup center Nikola Vucevic triggered a 12-0 Philadelphia run that essentially ended the game. By halftime, the 76ers had extended their advantage to 58-41, and never allowed the Cavaliers to get closer than 13 points the rest of the way. "We got off to a bit of a sluggish start, then we subbed and we got more active," Philadelphia coach Doug Collins said. "We were efficient and we moved the ball. It was just a real professional effort." QUOTABLE II:  "The energy wasn't there from the start to the finish. I kind of expected that watching the guys in the locker room before the game. I told them, 'I understand,' but it doesn't take away from the fact we need to compete at a high level like we're capable of doing."   -- Cavaliers coach  Byron Scott HOT:  Philadelphia's bench of Young, Williams, Vucevic, and small forward  Evan Turner  combined to make 20-of-40 field goals and score 50 points. ... The 76ers only committed six turnovers and had six players reach double figures in scoring. ... Cavaliers swingman  Alonzo Gee  scored 17 points off the bench, including a career-high nine free throws made. ... Jamison is averaging 23.5 points and 9.5 rebounds in his last six games. ... Cleveland point guard  Ben Uzoh  had two points, three rebounds and two assists in his NBA season debut. ... Sessions is averaging 12.9 points and 9.6 assists in his last seven contests. NOT:  76ers center  Lavoy Allen  got the start over Vucevic, but missed three field goal attempts and failed to score in 13 minutes. ... Cavaliers small forward  Omri Casspi  fired airballs on a 3-pointer, a driving layup, and a fast-break flip shot as part of a 2-of-9 shooting performance. ... Cleveland center  Semih Erden  had zero points, one turnover and four fouls in his initial start of the season. ... Cavaliers power forward  Tristan Thompson  missed all six of his shots and committed four fouls. ... Cleveland swingman  Christian Eyenga  was 0-of-3 from the floor, making him 3-of-15 on the season. QUOTABLE III:  "Nobody's going to feel sorry for us. Losing Andy was tough. Nobody really knew (his wrist was broken) until they got here today. Everybody thought it was just a little sprain and maybe he'd be out tonight. It's tough losing a guy like Andy, real tough."   -- Cavaliers point guard  Ramon Sessions GOOD MOVE:  Speedy floor generals Holiday and Williams pushed the tempo early and often, keeping the mentally and physically fatigued Cavaliers on their heels. Cleveland was playing its fourth game in five nights, and was less than 24 hours removed from a 113-112 home loss to Milwaukee. "Lou and Jrue are great for us every night, so this wasn't a surprise," Young said. "We know they're going to come in and distribute the basketball and attack the rim as much as possible." BAD MOVE:  Despite the lopsided nature of the game and the Cavaliers' brutal recent schedule, Scott used shooting guard  Daniel Gibson  for 35 minutes, kept Sessions on the court for 32, and left Jamison in for 31. One night earlier against the Bucks, they played 42, 45 and 44 minutes, respectively. Cleveland does have three days off before its next contest. "We need the rest," Scott said. "Not only because of the three guys we have out, but we have a bunch of other guys that are banged up." NOTABLE:  The 76ers are 6-0 against the Central Division and 14-4 against the Eastern Conference this season. ... Varejao is out indefinitely with a non-displaced fracture of his right wrist. He was hurt Friday against Milwaukee, when he was struck on the arm while attempting a shot in the third quarter. ... Irving and Parker will have their statuses updated when the Cavaliers return to practice Monday. ... Cleveland played home games on consecutive nights for the first time since April 1-2, 2000. ... Scott announced after the contest that Erden will start Wednesday against Indiana. "I'm going to stick with it and we'll see what happens," the coach said. UP NEXT:  For the 76ers, Monday @ Charlotte, Wednesday @ Orlando, Friday vs. Dallas. For the Cavaliers, Wednesday vs. Indiana, Friday vs. Miami, Sunday vs. Sacramento.  