  Bulls-Pacers notebook   By John Oehser, for NBA.com Posted Friday January 14, 2011 10:18PM THE FACTS:   Derrick Rose  scored 29 points with 10 rebounds and  Luol Deng  added 17 points as the Chicago Bulls pulled away for a comfortable 99-86 victory over the Indiana Pacers in Indianapolis Friday. Rose shot 11-for-21 for Chicago, which led by as many as 18 points and never trailed after taking a four-point lead after the first quarter. The Bulls shot 45.5 percent as a team. Danny Granger  scored 22 points for Indiana, which struggled from the field throughout the game, finishing with 32.6 percent shooting (30 of 92) from the field. Granger shot 8 of 23. Bulls center  Kurt Thomas  scored just four points, but had a season-high 18 rebounds. The Bulls, who have not lost in the Central division this season, led by 12 at halftime and Indiana never cut the lead below nine points after that. QUOTABLE:  "We were just ready tonight."    -- Bulls forward  Carlos Boozer THE STAT:  Pacers center  Roy Hibbert  started the season strong, but has struggled in recent weeks as Indiana has shifted to a smaller lineup. On Friday, he struggled throughout, and while he had seven rebounds, he also committed three turnovers and shot 1-for-8. Thomas and Boozer, meanwhile, played solidly inside throughout to help Chicago establish control, with Boozer finishing with 14 points. TURNING POINT:  The Bulls never seemed out of control of the game -- even early, when the Pacers inched their way to a five-point first-quarter lead. The Pacers led 17-12 with 5:10 remaining, but Chicago went on a 16-5 run over the next four and a half minutes, taking a 28-22 lead. The Pacers never led again, and the Bulls firmly established control with a 10-0 run late in the second quarter. Chicago led by 12 at halftime. Boozer helped controlled the interior in the first half for Chicago, and finished the half with 10 points and four rebounds. Chicago shot 45.1 percent in the first half. QUOTABLE II:  "In the first half, I think it was our lack of defensive focus that gave them too many easy shot."    -- Pacers coach  Jim O'Brien HOT:  The Bulls' bench didn't have a player in double figures, but they got solid contributions from five reserves --  Ronnie Brewer  (seven points),  Taj Gibson  (nine),  Omer Asik  (five),  C.J. Watson  (eight) and  Kyle Korver  (five). The group combined for 34 points and 16 rebounds. NOT:  The Pacers played the Bulls evenly at times, but the most costly exception was the second quarter. With Granger shooting 1 of 7 from the field in the quarter, Indiana shot 5-for-24 (20.8 percent) as a team. The Bulls during the period outscored the Pacers by eight points to turn a four-point lead into a 53-41 advantage at halftime. Indiana point guard  Darren Collison  missed all four of his second-quarter shots and finished 4-for-16 from the field. QUOTABLE III:  "For some reason tonight, the lid was on the basket. We missed layups. We missed short jumpers. We just didn't hit shots."    -- Pacers swingman  Paul George FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  It was hardly Rose's best game of the season, but it was yet another solid, winning effort from a player many believe to be a Most Valuable Player candidate. Not only did Rose shoot 11-for-21 from the field, he shot 3-for-6 from 3-point range and also had five assists and two blocked shots. BAD MOVE:  It's hard to call it a terrible move, because a lot of players have trouble with Boozer. But the Pacers put Hansbrough on Boozer to start the game and also used  Jeff Foster  on the Bulls' forward. He still had a solid game, finishing with 14 points and six rebounds. ROOKIE WATCH:  The Pacers' season has been largely up and down, but they're starting to find a contributor in George. He had a career-high 16 points against Dallas Wednesday, and on Friday, he had eight points on 3-for-7 shooting. NOTABLE:  Hansbrough, making his fifth consecutive start, continued to progress for Indiana, scoring 12 points and two blocked shots. . . . The 32.6 shooting performance from the field was Indiana's worst shooting game since Nov. 3, 33 games ago. . . . Indiana lost despite outrebounding Chicago 53-52. . . . Foster had a season-high 15 rebounds for Indiana. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Saturday vs. Miami, Monday @ Memphis, Tuesday vs. Charlotte. For the Pacers, Monday @ Los Angeles Clippers, Wednesday @ Golden State, Saturday @ Portland.  