  Lakers-Hornets notebook   By Larry Holder, for NBA.com Posted Saturday February 5, 2011 11:36PM THE FACTS: Pau Gasol  had 34 points and 10 rebounds, while  Kobe Bryant  added 32 points and nine rebounds as the Los Angeles Lakers opened their seven-game road swing with a 101-95 win over the depleted New Orleans Hornets on Saturday night in the New Orleans Arena. QUOTABLE:  "Well it's not easy to explain, but some of it is about coming out on the road and being together and the type of the crowd that we had (Saturday night), a big crowd, an enthusiastic crowd, we were playing to that level that was expected of us as champions. That's where the guys get the biggest thrill is this."   --Lakers coach  Phil Jackson  on why the team plays well on the road as Los Angeles improved to 16-8 away from Staples Center THE STAT:  The free-throw disparity and the lack of turnovers clearly aided in the Lakers' win. Los Angeles went 23-for-27 from the free-throw line, while the Hornets were just 4-for-4 from the line and had no attempts in the second half. The Lakers also committed a season-low four turnovers. TURNING POINT:  With the game tied 92-92, Bryant was left wide open for at least a couple of seconds and drained a 3-pointer with 3:20 remaining in the fourth quarter to give the Lakers the lead for good. QUOTABLE II:  "I thought we, 27-4 free throws, that's hard to do in a pickup game. To me, it's hard to explain that. I'm choosing my words wisely because I know I could get fined for this, but I just don't understand that. That's amazing to me. For a game to be that physical and we only get four free throws, I just don't understand. Guys are just competing their butts off and I thought we deserved a little bit more whatever you want to call it. We should have gotten to the line more tonight."   -- Hornets coach  Monty Williams  on the free-throw disparity HOT:  Gasol and Bryant. The two combined to go 23-for-39 from the floor along with 19 rebounds and eight assists. The Lakers only had one other player in double figures so it was paramount that the Lakers' two All-Stars had stellar performances as Los Angeles had lost three of its last four games going into New Orleans. NOT:  The Hornets in the fourth quarter as they only shot 27.3 percent from the field and scored 13 points in the period. They had a one-point lead after three quarters and lost by six. NOTABLE:  The Hornets were without two starters on Saturday night as center  Emeka Okafor  (left oblique strain) and forward  Trevor Ariza  (right medial ankle strain). Forward  Jason Smith , who had been starting for the injured Okafor, also missed the game with an illness. Forward  Quincy Pondexter  started in Ariza's spot, while center  Aaron Gray  started for Okafor/Smith. Gray had one of three Hornets double-doubles as he had 10 points and 10 rebounds. ...  Chris Paul  and  David West  had the other two Hornets double-doubles. Paul had 21 points and 15 assists and West had 16 points and 12 rebounds. ... The 18,426 paid attendance on Saturday is the most in the post-Hurricane Katrina era. UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Monday @ Memphis, Thursday @ Boston, Friday @ New York. For the Hornets, Monday vs. Minnesota, Wednesday @ New Jersey, Friday @ Orlando.  