  Suns-Magic notebook   By Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com Posted Friday November 19, 2010 12:08AM THE FACTS:  The Orlando Magic shot 60 percent in a nearly flawless first half and put away the Phoenix Suns early. Playing without injured point guard  Steve Nash , the Suns fell behind by 28 points in the first half before losing 105-89.  Dwight Howard  led six Magic players in double figures with 20 points and 12 rebounds, and  Jameer Nelson  had eight of his 12 assists in the first quarter. QUOTABLE:  "Can they play without Dwight? Can the Lakers play without Kobe? [Nash] is our Kobe. He's our Dwight. He's the engine that makes the car go."   -- Phoenix coach  Alvin Gentry . THE STAT:  Nelson had 12 assists and no turnovers while shooting 6-for-8. TURNING POINT:  Howard and  Quentin Richardson  scored two baskets each on a 13-0 run that wiped out a 9-8 Phoenix lead, the Suns' last of the game. QUOTABLE II:  "This is the NBA. Nobody's going to feel sorry for us if we're missing a player. I don't like to see Steve out, but you've got to take advantage of it."   -- Magic forward Quentin Richardson. HOT:  Former Magic forward  Grant Hill , who is now 38, made 8-for-9 shots and led the Suns with 21 points. "And maybe if he plays 10 or 12 more years, people here will stop booing him," Magic coach  Stan Van Gundy  said. NOT:  Former Magic forward  Hedo Turkoglu , who came into the game with a .460 percentage on 3-pointers, missed all five of his threes and shot 0-for-8 overall with three turnovers. GOOD MOVE:  Nash missed his first game of the season with a groin strain aggravated in Tuesday night's loss at Miami. It's hard to see how Nash, even at his best, could have made a difference in this game. He might play Saturday night at Charlotte. BAD MOVE:  When the Suns opened the fourth quarter with 10 straight points to close the gap to 22, Van Gundy felt he had to put Howard back in the game. "I didn't know if we were ever going to score in that quarter," Van Gundy said. NOTABLE:  The name of  Scott Skiles  was invoked when Nelson put up eight assists in the first nine minutes. Skiles set the NBA single-game record for assists with 30 while playing for the Magic on Dec. 30, 1999. Nelson finished with 12 for the game. ... The 16-point final margin was as close as the Suns got after the first quarter. QUOTABLE III:  "If you look at their numbers, they're not a great defensive team anyway. They're an up-and-down team that's going to score a lot of points. Without Steve Nash, it's hard for them to play at that pace, and then we shot the ball well."   -- Magic coach Stan Van Gundy. UP NEXT:  For the Suns, Saturday @ Charlotte, Monday @ Houston, Wednesday vs. Chicago. For the Magic, Saturday @ Indiana, Monday @ San Antonio, Wednesday vs. Miami.  