  Notebook: Sixers 103, Cavaliers 85 Posted Tuesday March 27, 2012 10:43PM By Andy Jasner, for NBA.com THE FACTS:   Jodie Meeks  scored a career-high 31 points and the Philadelphia 76ers moved a half-game ahead of the Boston Celtics for first place in the Atlantic Division with a 103-85 victory over the Cleveland Cavaliers Tuesday night at the Wells Fargo Center. The Sixers (28-22) also received a strong performance from point guard  Jrue Holiday  (19 points, six assists). Five players scored in double figures and the Sixers improved to 18-10 at home. Anthony Parker  paced the Cavaliers (17-30) with 14 points.  Antawn Jamison  and  Alonzo Gee  had 13 each but Cleveland dropped its fourth in a row. QUOTABLE:  "When he's getting shots, usually it means we're in a good offensive rhythm."   -- Sixers coach  Doug Collins  on Meeks. THE STAT:  The Sixers committed 11 turnovers, which Cleveland converted into only three points. TURNING POINT:  The Sixers led 57-43 at halftime and maintained that 14-point advantage after the third quarter. At times this season, the Sixers have allowed the opponent to climb back in the game. Not this time. They held a steady double-digit lead and cruised to the victory. HOT:  Meeks knocked down 11 of his 16 shots, including 7-for-10 from 3-point territory. He was in a good rhythm the whole night. NOT:  Irving misfired on nine of his 13 shots while Jamison shot 5-for-14 for the Cavaliers. QUOTABLE II:  "Your confidence soars when shots are going in, sure. I felt good early and my teammates kept looking for me. I kept knocking them down."   -- Meeks. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:   Lou Williams  had arguably his best all-around game this season with 11 points, seven assists and seven rebounds. INSIDE THE ARENA:  There was a lively crowd of 17,832 for Tuesday's game at the Wells Fargo Center. The Sixers honored the Temple University men's basketball team at midcourt during the first half. Temple advanced to the NCAA Tournament for the fifth straight season. QUOTABLE III:  "It's a continuing learning process for all of us. We're just continuing to get better."   -- Irving on the struggling Cavaliers. GOOD MOVE:   Evan Turner  handled the ball a lot once again, allowing Holiday to freelance on the perimeter. Holiday seemed to thrive in that type of offense. BAD MOVE:  Irving settled for too many jumpers instead of driving to the basket and looking for the open man. ROOKIE WATCH:  Irving had 12 points, seven assists and four rebounds for the Cavaliers. Forward  Tristan Thompson  had nine points and six rebounds while guard  Donald Sloan  had two points and three assists. For the Sixers,  Nikola Vucevic  and  Lavoy Allen  were each scoreless in limited minutes down the stretch. NOTABLE:   Andre Iguodala  missed his second consecutive game for the Sixers with patella tendinitis in his left knee. ... The Sixers won by 18 despite attempting just five free throws all night. ... The Sixers were 10-for-19 from beyond the arc. ... Fifteen of Cleveland's losses this season have been by 10 or more points. ...  Spencer Hawes  had 10 points for Philadelphia. When Hawes scores in double figures, the Sixers are now 10-3. NEXT:  For the Cavaliers, Wednesday vs. Detroit, Friday vs. Milwaukee, Saturday @ New York. For the Sixers, Friday @ Washington, Saturday vs. Atlanta, Tuesday @ Miami.  