  Notebook: Raptors 92, Cavaliers 77   By Duane Watson for NBA.com Posted Wednesday January 4, 2012 10:25PM THE FACTS:  On the day the NBA released the ballots for the 2012 All-Star Game, the three representatives from the Toronto Raptors made a strong case for votes.  Andrea Bargnani ,  Demar DeRozan  and  Jose Calderon  led a balanced attack defeating the Cleveland Cavaliers 92-77. Bargnani led all Raptors scorers with 31 points and six rebounds, DeRozan scored 25, while  Jose Calderon  scored 13 points, 11 assists and six rebounds.  Antawn Jamison  led the Cavaliers with 19, however 17 of those came in the first half,  Kyrie Irving  scored 12 points. The Raptors suffered second half collapses on their recent road trip against the Dallas Mavericks, Orlando Magic and the New York Knicks, but never relinquished the lead after the first quarter and held the Cavaliers to 29.6 percent from the field. QUOTABLE:  "Confidence. He's playing at an all-star level. I've been around some all-star players,  Shawn Kemp ,  Gary Payton ,  Kevin Garnett ,  Dirk Nowitzki  he's playing at a big time level. I'm totally impressed with his approach offensively and defensively."   -- Raptors coach  Dwane Casey  on the difference in Andrea Bargnani this season. THE STAT:  DeRozan shot 5-for-8 from the 3-point line. Last year, he made five 3-pointers the entire season. TURNING POINT:  The Raptors led for the majority game, but a decisive 12-2 run to end the third quarter, 66-51, put the game well out of reach for the Cavaliers. HOT:  Bargnani contributed 31 points, going 11-for-16 from the field. He scored 11 points in the third quarter including his own 7-0 run scoring all Raptors points during that stretch, putting them ahead for good. NOT:  Irving can't get it going against the Raptors. The rookie point guard went 3-for-13 from the field with 12 points, and four assists. In the season opener against the Raptors, he posted a similar poor outing, going 2-for-11 with six points. NOTABLE:  Cavaliers rookie forward  Tristan Thompson  had his Toronto homecoming. The fourth overall pick in the 2011 Draft was limited to one point and three rebounds on 0-for-5 shooting. UP NEXT:  For the Raptors, Friday vs Nets, Saturday @ 76ers, Monday vs. Timberwolves. The Cavaliers, begin a six-game road trip @ Timberwolves, @ Trailblazers and @ Jazz.  