Notebook: Warriors 106, Cavaliers 96 
 
 
 Eric Gilmore, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Thu Nov 08, 2012 2:06 AM - Updated Thu Nov 08, 2012 7:03 AM 
 
 THE FACTS:  Power forward  David Lee  scored 22 points and grabbed 14 rebounds, overcoming the flu and leading the Golden State Warriors to a 106-96 victory Wednesday night over the shorthanded Cleveland Cavaliers at Oracle Arena. 
 Lee had his first double-double of the season and added six assists and three steals. The Cavaliers played without starting center  Anderson Varejao  (right knee contusion) and backup center  Tyler Zeller  (non-displaced fractured left cheek bone/concussion). 
 Warriors guard  Stephen Curry  had 21 points, six assists, five rebounds and two steals. Forward  Carl Landry  came off the bench to score 19 points and pull down nine rebounds. 
 Guard  Kyrie Irving  led the Cavaliers with 28 points, making 10-for-22 shots from the field and 4-for-8 from 3-point range. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "Very surprised, because I felt awful. I assumed as of last night that I was not going to play. I woke up today and I was throwing up again. I felt awful, and then by this afternoon it felt a little bit better, enough to at least come in and give it a shot. I know as captain of this team, along with Steph and  Andrew  [ Bogut ], the guys are looking up to me and seeing how I handle a team when you're not feeling your best. I definitely wanted to play tonight and show that and then went out there. It seems when you don't feel well the ball bounces your way." 
 -- Warriors' Lee 
 
 THE STAT:  The Warriors outscored Cleveland 48-30 in paint and outrebounded the Cavs 44-39. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Warriors trailed 70-68 late in the third quarter when they went on a 17-4 run to take an 85-74 lead into the final period. Backup guard  Jarrett Jack , playing despite the flu, and Landry fueled the surge. Landry had six points, two rebounds and a block, while Jack had five points, two steals and a rebound during the run. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "When you have those type of guys out, obviously it's going to make a difference. I was under the weather. That's no excuse, but we started out the first quarter really bad and we were just going  uphill the entire game."  
 -- Cavs' Irving, on playing without Varejao and Zeller 
 
 HOT:   Curry was coming off a 3-for-15 shooting night at Sacramento, but he came out hot Wednesday night in front of the home fan. He shot 6-for-9 from the field and 2-for-4 from 3-point range in the first, scoring 17 points before intermission. 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Irving has now scored at least 24 points in each of his past three games. He had 27 against Milwaukee, 24 vs. the L.A. Clippers and 28 against Golden State. 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  San Francisco Giants third baseman  Pablo Sandoval , fresh off a World Series championship season, was in the house. He received a loud ovation at the start of the second quarter when they showed him on the big screen above center court. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Warriors rookie small forward  Harrison Barnes  had 14 points on 5-for-9 shooting, doing most of his damage inside. Cavaliers rookie guard  Dion Waiters  countered with 12 points but made just 5-for-15 shots. 
 
 NOTABLE:  With Anderson and Zellers out,  Samardo Samuels  was inserted into the starting lineup at forward for the Cavaliers with  Tristan Thompson  moving from forward to center. Samuels scored 11 points and grabbed seven rebounds. ... The Cavs made their third stop on a six-game road trip. ... Bogut, still coming back from ankle surgery, didn't score in 17:24 but had five assists, three rebounds, one steal and one block. ... Thompson had a double-double with 11 points and 10 rebounds, while  Daniel Gibson  scored 12 points off the bench. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Cavaliers, Friday @ Phoenix, Sunday @ Oklahoma City, Tuesday @ Brooklyn. For the Warriors, Friday at L.A. Lakers, Saturday vs. Denver, Wednesday vs. Atlanta. 
