
 Hornets-Wolves notebook   By Jim Beilby, for NBA.com Posted Monday December 27, 2010 11:37PM THE FACTS:  With games this week against the Lakers and the Celtics, perhaps the New Orleans Hornets were looking past their game against the Minnesota Timberwolves. If so, that was a fatal mistake as Minnesota overcame a slow start and defeated the Hornets handily 113-98. Trailing by 12 points in the first quarter, Minnesota used balanced scoring and a huge game from  Michael Beasley  (30 points, nine rebounds and seven assists) to build a 19-point lead on their way to their eight victory of the season. They outscored the Hornets 86-63 in the final three quarters of the game. With the loss, the Hornets' road woes continue. They have dropped their last seven games on the road and have not won on the road for over a month (Portland on Nov. 26). QUOTABLE:  "I thought our guys did an incredible job tonight. I thought they did a really, really good job at both ends of the floor especially coming off of a back to back scenario where we are traveling. We got off to a sluggish start which was a little frustrating, we just weren't active defensively, we weren't moving the ball offensively. Once we kind of a got a feel for the game, I thought we kind of excelled and took off."   -- Minnesota coach  Kurt Rambis THE STAT:  For the second night in a row, Minnesota made double-digit 3-pointers. Last night in Cleveland, Minnesota made 12-for-23 3-pointers. Tonight they finished the game 11-for-23 and did so despite only making two of their first 11. Minnesota came into the game ranked fifth in the NBA in 3-point shooting (.385). TURNING POINT:  Trailing by three at half, Minnesota picked up their defense and found the range from beyond the arc early in the third quarter, outscoring the Hornets 24-10 over the first two-thirds of the quarter and building a eleven point lead that they never relinquished. Minnesota's rookie shooting guard  Wes Johnson  made three straight 3-pointers in that run. QUOTABLE II:  "It was unreal.... We really couldn't get our offense going because we were picking up after that every time. I think after this one we're just going to be mad at for a long time. Of course you've got to get over it, but at the same time, we should have beat this team. Bad, bad, bad loss for us."   -- Hornets point guard  Chris Paul ROOKIE WATCH:  Wes Johnson scored a career-high 24 points and was 6-for-8 from beyond the arc. NOTABLE:  While  Kevin Love  started the game slowly (not scoring until well into the second quarter), he finished the game with 16 points and 11 rebounds, his 17th consecutive double-double. All of Minnesota's starters scored in double figures, just the second time all season that has happened. UP NEXT:  For the Wolves, Wednesday vs. Denver, Saturday vs. New Jersey, Sunday @ Boston. For the Hornets, Wednesday vs. Lakers, Friday @ Boston, Saturday @ Washington. 
