Notebook: Heat 103, Nets 73 
 
 
 Shandel Richardson, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Nov 07, 2012 11:00 PM - Updated Wed Nov 07, 2012 11:00 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:   The Miami Heat defeated the Brooklyn Nets 103-73 Wednesday at AmericanAirlines Arena.  
 Guard  Dwyane Wade  led all scorers with 22 points for the Heat, who shot 52 percent from the field. Forward  LeBron James  finished with 20 points, 12 rebounds and eight assists while swingman  Rashard Lewis  added 13 points off the bench.  
 After the defense was questioned through four games, the Heat turned in their best performance of the season. They held the Nets to 37 percent shooting, including 3-for-21 from 3-point range.  
 Miami shook off a slow start before taking control in the third quarter. The Heat got a little help from the 3-pointer, hitting 10-for-24 from the arc.  
 The Nets were led by  Deron Williams ' 14 points and three assists.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "It is good to see another game of sub-40 percent field goal percentage. Our guys were committing to try and make an impact on that side of the floor. This is two games in a row of making that commitment and we will continue to build that. We are slowly regaining our identity again."  
 
 -- Heat coach  Erik Spoelstra   
 
 
 THE STAT:   The Heat continued their streak of unselfish basketball, winning the assist battle 25-12. Wade and  Mario Chalmers  each had five.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Heat went on a 10-0 run early in the third quarter and the rest was history. A Chalmers 3-pointer made it 64-46 with 7:22 remaining     
 
 HOT:  So much for Wade being slowed by offseason knee surgery. He added yet another solid performance, doing most of his damage in the second quarter. Wade shot 10-for-14 from field.   
 
 NOT: Joe Johnson , who was signed to become the team's top scoring threat, was invisible for the most part. He finished just 4-for-14 from the field with nine points. The bulk of that production came after the outcome was already decided.   
 
 GOOD MOVE:  The Heat got back to their defensive identity. After allowing the opposition to score with ease the first four games, they finally buckled down on defense. The Nets' two best players, Williams and Johnson, combined to shoot 11-for-29.  
 
 BAD MOVE:  The Nets failed to capitalize on their height advantage. At first, it appeared the tandem of  Brook Lopez  and  Andray Blatche  would have their way on the inside. Then the Heat's quickness took over, at one point using the smaller  Udonis Haslem  on the 7-foot Blatche.    
 
  NOTABLE:  The Nets were without forwards  Gerald Wallace  and  Josh Childress , who missed the game because of ankle injuries.  Keith Bogans  started in place of Wallace for a second straight game ... Center  Dexter Pittman  and guard  Terrel Harris  were inactive for the Heat. 
 
  UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Friday @ Atlanta, Sunday @ Memphis, Monday @ Houston. For the Nets, Friday @ Orlando, Sunday vs. Orlando, Tuesday vs. Cleveland.  
