Notebook: Bobcats 95, Nets 91 
 
 
 Derek S. Smith for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Nov 20, 2013 11:31 PM - Updated Wed Nov 20, 2013 11:31 PM 
 
 THE FACT: Kemba Walker  scored a season-high 31 points to help the Charlotte Bobcats snap a seven-game losing streak to the Brooklyn Nets.  
 
 THE LEAD:  The Bobcats defeated the Brooklyn Nets 95-91 Wednesday night at Time Warner Cable Arena. The loss was the sixth in the last seven games for the Nets (3-8).  Andray Blatche  came off the bench to lead Brooklyn with 25 points.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We're playing together. We're playing for each other. We're out there battling and we want to win. We're out there on the court doing whatever's possible to win." 
 --Charlotte guard Kemba Walker 
 
 THE STAT:  The Bobcats outscored Brooklyn 52-34 in the paint and grabbed 17 offensive rebounds on the night. Charlotte also was able to get into the paint and make contact allowing them to get to the free-throw line 30 times on the night. The 52 points in the paint was a season high for Charlotte.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  The game took a turn in favor of Charlotte as the 3:19 mark of the second quarter.  Deron Williams , who had just returned to the lineup after missing the previous two games with a sprained ankle, landed awkwardly on the foot of Walker after a jump shot. Williams took and made a pair of free throws, but was immediately removed from the contest and did not return. He was replaced by  Shaun Livingston  at the point, but the Nets came out flat in the third quarter without him and the Bobcats surged ahead. Charlotte never trailed after the Williams injury and led by as many as 16 in the third quarter. The extent of Williams' injury was not revealed by either Williams or team personnel and he will be listed as day-to-day.  
 
 HOT:  Charlotte point guards. The Bobcats tandem of Walker and  Ramon Sessions  was on fire Wednesday against Brooklyn. The duo teamed up for 44 of the Charlotte's 95 points on 17-for-31 shooting from the floor, 4-for-9 shooting from behind the arc. They also were 6-for-9 from the charity stripe and constantly caused chaos on the offensive end. For Walker, it was his fifth game of 20 or more points on the season. 
 
 NOT:  The new Nets. While the Bobcats point guard shined, the off-season acquisitions of  Paul Pierce  and  Kevin Garnett  struggled. The former all-stars combined for 16 points and 10 rebounds with five assists in a combined 53 minutes of court time. Garnett was limited to 21 minutes with early foul trouble while Pierce struggled on the offensive end with his shot.  
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT : Blatche has come on of late for the Nets. He scored a season-high 25 points against Charlotte and has been in double figures for three straight games. He was 11-for-14 from the floor. Blatche is averaging 17.3 points and 6.7 rebounds in that stretch. 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA: Michael Jordan  was seated courtside adjacent to the Bobcats bench for the game. It was the second time this season that Jordan was been seated courtside. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH: Cody Zeller  saw 19 minutes of action for Charlotte and finished the night with six points, four rebounds, one assist and a pair of steals.  Mason Plumlee , the lone rookie for the Nets, played 22 minutes with nine points and three rebounds in the loss.  
 
 NOTABLE:  The Bobcats are 6-6 through 12 games under new coach  Steve Clifford . Last season, the Bobcats were 7-5 under  Mike Dunlap  before the team reeled off 18 straight losses. ...Charlotte has held nine of its 12 opponents to less than 100 points which is the third most in the NBA this season. ...The Bobcats are now 6-1 in games decided by six points or less this season. ...  Gerald Henderson  scored 13 points, scoring in double figures for the 10th time this season.  ... Jeffery Taylor  had a career-high 20 points against Chicago Monday, but failed to score Wednesday night. Nets guard  Alan Anderson  scored a season-high 16 points, tallying double figures for the third time this season. ... Pierce was in double figures for the ninth time this season. ... Joe Johnson  scored 19 points, recording double figures for the 10th time this season. ...The Nets are now 0-8 when being outscored in the third quarter.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Nets, Friday @ Minnesota, Sunday vs. Detroit, Tuesday @ Toronto. For the Bobcats, Friday vs. Phoenix, Saturday @. Milwaukee, Monday vs. Boson. 
