Notebook: Knicks 103, Cavaliers 102 
 
 
 Dan Kelly, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Dec 15, 2012 11:19 PM - Updated Sat Dec 15, 2012 11:19 PM 
 
 THE FACTS: Kyrie Irving  scored a career-high 41 points on 15-for-25 shooting while wearing a black face mask after breaking a bone in his face against the Bucks on Friday night.  
 
 Anderson Verajao  went to the free-throw line with a chance to tie the game and send it into overtime, but he missed the second free throw and the Cavs lost 103-102.   
 
 Raymond Felton  was the leading scorer for the Knicks with 25 points on 9-for-20 shooting. Jason Kidd had a rough night from 3-point range, going 3-for-13. But Kidd added eight assists, six rebounds and two blocks to go along with nine points.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I think Irving is one of the young bright spots in this league who is going to be good for a long time." 
 -- Knicks coach  Mike Woodson 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Knicks are now 10-0 at Madison Square Garden this season and 21-1 under coach Mike Woodson dating back to last season.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  Kidd opened the second half with four consecutive assists and the Knicks ran out to a 10-point lead. The Cavs hung around the rest of the game but could never catch all the way up after that run.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "When a guy gets that hot there's nothing you can really do. The kid's got a bright future." 
 -- Raymond Felton on Kyrie Irving 
 
 
 WHO'S HOT: Tyson Chandler  entered the game shooting a league-leading 70 percent from the floor. He shot 9-for-10 from the floor to improve his percentage.  
 
 WHO'S NOT:  The Cavs fall to 5-20 on the year and 2-13 on the road. They miss the injured  Dion Waiters , who could be back Tuesday, but this figures to be a long season for the young Cavs.  
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "When we play like that and when we play together and we compete on both ends of the court, we give ourselves a chance to win." 
 -- Kyrie Irving 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  The Knicks continued to bomb away from deep at an NBA-record pace, going 13-for-35 from beyond the arc. They average 12 made 3s per game, which would be an NBA record if they can keep it up all year.  
 
 NOTABLE II: Jeremy Lin  returns to Madison Square Garden on Monday. Regarding Lin's reception, Raymond Felton said, "They [the fans] should give him a standing ovation when he comes back here, without a doubt. He deserves nothing more but that."  
 
 QUOTABLE IV:  "I thought he played great. He can make shots. I was pretty pleased with his play." 
 -- Mike Woodson on  Chris Copeland  in his first career start. 
 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  Former  Seinfeld  executive producer and star of  Curb Your Enthusiasm ,  Larry David  sat courtside and called the  Keith Hernandez   Seinfeld  episode his favorite.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Monday @ Houston, Wednesday vs. Brooklyn, Friday vs. Chicago. For the Cavaliers, Tuesday vs. Toronto, Wednesday @ Boston, Friday vs. Indiana. 
