Notebook: Nets 102, Clippers 93 
 
 
 Jake Appleman, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Dec 13, 2013 12:06 AM - Updated Fri Dec 13, 2013 12:16 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Nets beat a winning team for the first time in nearly a month, racking up their third consecutive victory in the process.  
 
 THE LEAD:  In their best performance since a win over the Miami Heat on Nov. 1, the Nets (8-14) overcame a sluggish start to convincingly beat the Clippers (15-9) 102-93 at Barclays Center.  Andray Blatche  (21 points, nine rebounds) keyed the turnaround and  Deron Williams  came alive in a 36-point second quarter.  Joe Johnson  bounced back from a quiet game on Tuesday to score 21 points. The Nets' positive play finally inspired some passion from the home fans, relatively silent for much of the season.  
 Playing on the second night of a back-to-back after coach  Doc Rivers ' emotional return to Boston, the Clippers looked worn out.  Chris Paul  paced them with 20, but only handed out two assists. The Clippers shot only 6-for-24 from behind the arc against the Nets' league-worst 3-point defense and  Blake Griffin  (2-for-8) struggled to assert himself.     
 
 THE STAT:  The Clippers missed 17-for-21 3-pointers after starting 2-for-3.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Clippers took a 23-10 lead on a  Jared Dudley  3-pointer late in the first quarter, before hook shot from  Brook Lopez  (16 points, seven rebounds) began the process of turning the game its head. The Nets rode a 46-21 advantage into intermission and didn't look back.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I didn't like our movement."  --  Rivers  
 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "He's directing. He's leading. He's being Deron Williams."  --  Kevin Garnett 
 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "I'm playing my part in this and that's what it is."  --  Paul Pierce , on coming off the bench 
 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA: CC Sabathia ,  Ahmad Rashad  and  Rosie O'Donnell  attended the game.  
 
 NOTABLE:  Williams improved to 15-5 against Paul. .... Lopez traveled with the Nets to Detroit for Friday's game, but did not say whether or not he would play. .... In their first matchup playing against Rivers since all of them departed Boston, Garnett and Pierce were effective, if not overly flashy. Garnett got under Griffin's skin in the first half and waved off coach  Jason Kidd  to remain in the game when he picked up his third foul in the second quarter. Coming off the bench for the second straight game, Pierce finished with 10 points, seven rebounds and five assists .... The Nets' 23-point lead  was the largest deficit the Clippers have faced all season.... A win against the Wizards on Saturday would yield a winning record (4-3) on the Clippers' current road trip.   
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Saturday @ Washington, Monday vs. San Antonio, Wednesday vs. New Orleans. For the Nets, Friday @ Detroit, Monday vs. Philadelphia, Wednesday vs. Washington. 
