  Hawks-Clippers notebook    By Dan Arritt, for NBA.com Posted Sunday January 2, 2011 7:25PM THE FACTS:  The Atlanta Hawks rallied from a 13-point deficit with just over four minutes remaining in the third quarter Sunday afternoon and defeated the Los Angeles Clippers, 107-98, at Staples Center. QUOTABLE : We got off to a poor start in the first quarter."The message that I tried to give the guys during every timeout was to keep grinding."  -  Atlanta coach  Larry Drew THE STAT:  Three players scored more than 20 points for the Hawks.  Joe Johnson  finished with 29,  Jamal Crawford  had 24 off the bench and  Josh Smith  bounced back from a poor-shooting first half to score 22. TURNING POINT:  The Clippers held a 71-58 lead with 4:13 remaining in the third when Crawford scored eight straight points in 12-3 run that cut the deficit to four entering the fourth. QUOTE II:  "We didn't make the right adjustments.. "For some reason, we got bogged down offensively and became stagnant."    - Clippers point guard  Baron Davis HOT:  The Hawks set season highs for second-half points (65), fourth quarter points (37) and second half field goal percentage (65.5 percent). They outscored the Clippers, 65-45, in the second half, including 37-24, in the fourth quarter. They shot 11-for-15 in the fourth. NOT:  Clippers guard  Eric Gordon,  who came in ninth in the league in scoring at 23.8 points a game, finished with 10 points on 3-for-14 shooting, his worst shooting performance of the season. Gordon picked up two fouls in the first three minutes, returned three minutes into the second quarter but never seemed to find his rhythm, shooting 0-for-5 from beyond the three-point stripe. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT : Clippers rookie B lake Griffin  recorded his 21st consecutive double-double, which ties for the third-longest in the NBA since the 1991-92 season. Griffin had one of his most productive games this season, finishing with a game-high 31 points and 15 rebounds. GOOD MOVE : Davis is beginning to look like his former self. He made a nifty behind-the-back dribble on a drive to the basket and laid the ball in with his left hand to give the Clippers a 69-56 lead midway through the third quarter. He finished with 15 points on 6-for-12 shooting and dished out five assists. BAD MOVE:  Clippers coach  Vinny Del Negro  elected to go with rookie small forward Al-Farouq Aminu in the fourth quarter, rather than keep  Ryan Gomes  on the floor, or even go with  Rasual Butler . Aminu struggled mightily down the stretch, missing all four field-goal attempts and committing a costly turnover that led to a wide-open 3-pointer by Smith, giving the Hawks a four-point lead with 5:26 remaining. ROOKIE WATCH :  Eric Bledsoe  turned in a strong game for the Clippers while subbing for Davis. He finished with 10 points and three assists in just over 21 minutes. NOTABLE:  The Clippers can't blame their last two losses on tough scheduling. They play just five games from Dec. 29 to Jan. 12. UP NEXT : For the Clippers, Wednesday vs. Denver, Sunday vs. Golden State, Jan. 12 vs. Miami. For the Hawks, Tuesday @ Sacramento, Wednesday @ Utah, Saturday vs. Indiana.  