
 Suns-Sixers notebook   By Andy Jasner, for NBA.com Posted Monday January 24, 2011 10:39PM THE FACTS:   Thaddeus Young  played arguably his finest game all season with 24 points, seven rebounds and five assists off the bench in the Sixers' 105-95 win over the Phoenix Suns on Monday.  Elton Brand  scored 22 points and grabbed nine rebounds while rookie  Evan Turner  and  Lou Williams  contributed 14 points apiece. The Sixers built a 22-point lead and were never really threatened, though the Suns did get within 10 late in the fourth quarter. Philadelphia shot 54 percent from the field and outrebounded Phoenix 41-32. It was the final leg of a five-game road trip for the Suns and they looked a bit weary.  Jared Dudley  paced the Suns with 23 points while  Steve Nash  had 17 points and nine assists. The Suns won their first three games on this trip before falling at Detroit by one point two nights ago. Phoenix was never really in this game and 16 turnovers sure didn't help. QUOTABLE:  "We had some beautiful fast breaks tonight."   -- Sixers coach  Doug Collins THE STAT:  The Sixers connected on all 14 free throws with six different players knocking them down. The last time the Sixers shot 100 percent from the foul line came against the Suns on Feb. 28, 2007. They were 18-for-18 on that night. TURNING POINT:  The Sixers held a 61-47 lead at halftime and never let up. They extended the lead to 87-70 after the third and continued pushing ahead in the fourth. All season long, Philadelphia has struggled in maintaining a big advantage. Not on this night. HOT:  Brand was 10-for-15 from the field, and he scored consistently in the low post. NOT:   Vince Carter  missed five of his six shots and wound up with just two points for Phoenix. QUOTABLE II:  "We were scoring, rebounding, passing the ball well. We had all the ingredients working well."   -- Elton Brand FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:   Jrue Holiday  did a little bit of everything with eight points, eight assists, six steals and three rebounds. He was one steal shy of tying his career high. INSIDE THE ARENA:   James van Riemsdyk  and  Claude Giroux  of the Flyers took in the fast-paced action from a pair of front-row seats. QUOTABLE III:  "I actually love playing in a game like that. We don't play too many up-tempo games like that and we were able to get out in transition. There wasn't much in the halfcourt sets. It was a perfect situation for me."   -- Thaddeus   Young, on his overall performance GOOD MOVE:  Phoenix coach  Alvin Gentry  pulled Carter early in the third. Carter didn't have much energy and seemed to be limping a bit. BAD MOVE:  The Suns sure could have used  Robin Lopez  in the second half. Even when they were trailing by 20, his 7-foot frame likely would have made a difference. Lopez was solid in the first half. ROOKIE WATCH:  Turner played a stellar all-around game for the Sixers. The No. 2 overall pick from Ohio State scored 14 points and added eight rebounds and five assists in 32 minutes. NOTABLE:   Andre Iguodala  had three field goals and they were all dunks. DELAY OF GAME:  The game was delayed by 10 minutes because of a problem with one of the backboards and rims. The arena staff took some extra time to make sure everything was in working order. NEXT:  For the Suns, Wednesday vs. Charlotte, Friday vs. Boston, Sunday vs. New Orleans. For the Sixers, Wednesday @ Toronto, Friday vs. Memphis, Sunday vs. Denver. 
