  Grizzlies-Rockets notebook   By Matt Miller, for NBA.com Posted Sunday February 6, 2011 12:54AM THE FACTS: Kevin Martin  scored a game-high 31 points, and  Luis Scola  converted a game-winning layup with 33.5 remaining in overtime to lift the Houston Rockets to a 95-93 victory over the Memphis Grizzlies on Saturday at Toyota Center. Chuck Hayes  added 15 points and seven rebounds for the Rockets (24-28), who entered Saturday 0-5 in overtime games this season. Zach Randolph  paced Memphis (27-25) with 22 points and 17 rebounds, while  Rudy Gay  poured in 17 points and 11 rebounds to post his second straight double-double. The Grizzlies, who had their season-best five-game winning streak snapped, have lost 10 in a row at Toyota Center. QUOTABLE:  "This was a game where you didn't want to come out because it was a hard-fought game. ... It's one of our better wins of the year."   -- Houston forward  Shane Battier , who grabbed a season-high 13 rebounds THE STAT:  The Rockets won for the 10th consecutive time when allowing less than 100 points. TURNING POINT:  Scola's layup proved to be the game-winner, but Houston's defensive stand on Memphis' final possession was just as crucial. The Grizzlies created a decent look for Gay, who could not convert on a 10-footer but grabbed the rebound off his misfire. Gay did not get a great look on the second opportunity, however, and missed a short jumper that was swatted into the backcourt on the rebound before it could land out of bounds. QUOTABLE II:  "Every time we got a rebound, they made good defensive stops against us. Nothing is ever given to us, and we let one get away. In the second half, Houston came out with a different mentality, and they attacked us."   -- Gay on Houston's second-half surge HOT:  Hayes, who shot 7-for-10 for the game, is averaging 12.4 points on 28-for-41 (68.3 percent) shooting and 8.4 rebounds in the last five games. NOT:  Including Saturday's 2-for-16 effort, Memphis'  Mike Conley  has connected on only 29.3 percent (12-for-41) of his field-goal attempts over the last three games. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Randolph has recorded 17 double-doubles in the last 18 games and is averaging 24.7 points on 58.5 percent shooting and 14.3 rebounds over his last three games. Randolph is one of only four players in the NBA averaging at least 20 points and 10 rebounds. Fantasy owners would be wise to hold onto him unless they receive an unbelievably favorable offer from another owner in their league. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Houston Astros outfielder  Hunter Pence  and infielder  Chris Johnson  attended Saturday's game. ... Gospel musical duo  Mary Mary  sang the  National Anthem  and performed at halftime. GOOD MOVE:  The Rockets'  Kyle Lowry  played excellent help defense on Memphis' final possession of regulation, soaring into the air to alter a  Marc Gasol  shot from point-blank range. BAD MOVE:  Randolph made his first three shots in the final period, but the Grizzlies struggled to feed him in the post down the stretch. Considering Houston's best interior defender, Hayes, picked up his fifth foul with more than four minutes remaining in regulation, the Grizzlies could have done more to set up Randolph offensively. ROOKIE WATCH:  Grizzlies guard  Greivis Vasquez  scored seven points on 3-for-5 shooting, pulled down six rebounds and distributed three assists in 19-plus minutes of action. The rookie out of Maryland delivered possibly the game's most memorable moment when he drilled a buzzer-beating 3-pointer from more than 32 feet away to close the first quarter. NOTABLE:  Rockets guard  Aaron Brooks  left the game during the fourth quarter and did not return. His status is unknown. ... The Grizzlies have not won at Toyota Center since April 15, 2006. ... Memphis fell to 1-5 in overtime games. ... Martin sank all 15 of his free-throw attempts. ... Houston has won its last two games despite trailing at the start of the fourth quarter. UP NEXT:  For the Grizzlies, Monday vs. L.A. Lakers, Tuesday @ Oklahoma City, Friday vs. Milwaukee. For the Rockets, Monday @ Denver, Tuesday vs. Minnesota, Saturday vs. Dallas.  