
 Jazz-Clippers notebook   By Dan Arritt, for NBA.com Posted Thursday December 30, 2010 2:00AM THE FACTS:   Al Jefferson  scored a season-high 31 points and the Utah Jazz overcame an early 12-point deficit Wednesday night to defeat the Los Angeles Clippers 103-95 at Staples Center. QUOTABLE:  "Tonight, it was Al Jefferson who went to work on us. He made some tough shots, but we had some opportunities."   -- Clippers coach  Vinny Del Negro .  THE STAT:  Clippers rookie forward  Blake Griffin  played 43 minutes and finished with 30 points and 12 rebounds for his 20th consecutive double-double, breaking the franchise record and moving into a tie with  Dwight Howard  of the Orlando Magic for the most consecutive double-doubles in the league since 2001.  David Lee  is next on the list at 24. TURNING POINT:  The Clippers led 57-51 at the half, but Utah started the third quarter with a 14-2 run. They held a three-point lead in the final minutes of the quarter when Griffin missed two free throws and  Al-Farouq Aminu  was called for a charge on the next offensive possession. The Jazz then finished the quarter on a 10-2 run and the Clippers never got closer than four the rest of the game. QUOTE II:  "We started off the game a bit slow, which has been a trend. We were able to come back and get a good victory though."   -- Utah point guard  Deron Williams .  HOT:  The Jazz have blistered the Clippers in the third quarter of all three victories this season, outscoring them by a combined score of 88-45. They had a 30-13 advantage in the third quarter Wednesday. NOT:  Utah guard  Raja Bell  had made seven of his previous 10 3-point attempts coming into the game but was 0-for-4 against the Clippers and equaled his season-low with two points. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Williams and  Eric Gordon  of Los Angeles came in among the top 12 in the league in scoring, but neither reached their season averages. Williams (22.6) finished with 16 points, seven assists and six rebounds. Gordon (23.9) had 19 points, five assists and four rebounds. GOOD MOVE:  Utah's second-leading scorer, forward  Paul Millsap , picked up two fouls in the first 1:28 of the game, returned at the start of the second quarter and managed to stay out of further foul trouble, playing all but 2 ½ minutes of the remainder of the game. He finished with 12 points and nine rebounds. With the Jazz already without  Andrei Kirilenko  (back) and  C.J. Miles  (flu), his presence was sorely needed up front. BAD MOVE:  With Griffin getting a breather in the final minute of the third quarter,  Mehmet Okur  missed a 3-pointer from the baseline, but  DeAndre Jordan  didn't box out and  Eric Bledsoe  and Aminu did not pursue the rebound, allowing Okur to grab the loose ball and bank it back in for an 11-point lead. ROOKIE WATCH:   Gordon Hayward  came in averaging 2.2 points for the Jazz but exploded for a career-high 17 while starting in place of Kirilenko, and getting extra minutes without Miles. NOTABLE:  The Jazz rallied from a double-digit deficit and won for the 11th time this season...Jordan had a career-high seven blocked shots to go with 14 points and five rebounds. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Sunday vs. Atlanta, Wednesday vs. Denver, Jan. 9 vs. Golden State. For the Jazz, Thursday @ Portland, Saturday vs. Memphis, Monday vs. Detroit. 
