  Raptors-Pacers Notebook   By John Oehser, for NBA.com Posted Monday January 31, 2011 10:30PM THE FACTS:   Roy Hibbert  had 24 points and 11 rebounds, and the Indiana Pacers beat the visiting Toronto Raptors, 104-93, to give interim coach  Frank Vogel  a victory in his debut Monday. Hibbert, a third-year center who has struggled lately after a strong start to the season, shot 9 of 19 for Indiana, which squandered a 20-point first-half lead before leading much of the second half. Darren Collison  added 16 points and six assists for Indiana, which fired former coach  Jim O'Brien  Sunday following three-and-a-half seasons. Amir Johnson  had 18 points to lead seven players in double figures for Toronto, which trailed 48-28 with 5:12 remaining in the second half before outscoring Indiana 17-3 to make it a six point Pacers lead at halftime. The Raptors then scored the first six points of the second half to tie it 51-51, but Hibbert tipped in an offensive rebound on the ensuing possession and Indiana never trailed again. The Pacers had lost seven of their previous eight games and the Raptors have lost a season-high 12 consecutive games. QUOTABLE:  "I'm obviously ecstatic. We got a win and got off to a good start to a new beginning."   -  Vogel THE STAT:  The Pacers played with energy and focus -- as might be expected from a team with its coach in his first game. Indiana not only shot 40 percent from 3-point range -- 8 of 20 -- the Pacers out-rebounded Toronto, 56-38, and had 19 assists to 16 for Toronto. The Pacers did have 25 turnovers, but Vogel said he expects that statistic to improve with the offense he plans to run. TURNING POINT:  The Pacers never trailed in the second half, but even after they regained the lead early in the third quarter, they didn't secure the victory until late in the game. Indiana led 87-82 with 6:19 remaining, then an 8-0 run pushed the lead to 95-82 and all-but clinched the victory with 4:47 remaining. Hibbert had four points and two steals during the run, and Vogel said it was Hibbert's defensive play late that altered the fourth quarter. QUOTABLE II:  "We have to be frustrated. Everybody is thinking we want to win. We have to keep working and take the positive parts. We just have to keep working and stay together."   - Raptors guard  Jose Calderon HOT:  While Vogel said after the game that Collison might have been pressing a bit -- he had six turnovers -- the second-year point guard also shot 7 of 9 from the field, including 2 of 3 from 3-point range. NOT:  Indiana shot 44.4 percent as a team from the field, but that area wasn't helped by forward  Danny Granger.  He finished with 11 points, nine rebounds and five assists, but shot 3 of 15 from the field, including 1 of 6 from 3-point range. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Vogel said before the game a change moving forward will be committing to  Josh McRoberts  and  Tyler Hansbrough  at the small forward position. McRoberts started Monday, partly because Hansbrough had been out with pneumonia, but Hansbrough continued to show improvement, providing energy and finishing with 14 points and six rebounds. GOOD MOVE:  For Hibbert, it was moving McRoberts into the starting lineup. The third-year center has played better alongside McRoberts, partly because McRoberts moves around on the floor more than most of the players Indiana plays at the position. Hibbert seemed to thrive again with McRoberts present. ROOKIE WATCH:  Pacers rookie  Paul George  continues to emerge as a solid player for the franchise's future. On Wednesday, he made several flashy athletic plays, finishing with 16 points, four rebounds and two blocked shots. QUOTABLE III:  "We didn't play great and we won. This is a good basketball team. We're capable of being a great basketball team."   -  Vogel NOTABLE:  Hibbert's double-double was his 13th of the season, but just his second in the last 11 games. . . . The Pacers' 56 rebounds were a season-high. . . . The Pacers had emphasized a small lineup throughout the last month under O'Brien. Vogel said a move away from that approach will be a major change moving forward. . . . The Raptors shot 1 of 6 from 3-point range. . . . Vogel said the Pacers put in nothing new offensively Monday because he believed the one-day turnaround after taking over for O'Brien didn't provide time to do so. UP NEXT:  For the Raptors, Wednesday @ Atlanta, Friday vs. Minnesota, Tuesday @ Milwaukee. For the Pacers, Wednesday @ Cleveland, Friday vs. Portland, Sunday @ New Jersey.  