  Magic-Kings notebook   By Jimmy Spencer, for NBA.com Posted Thursday March 10, 2011 1:47AM THE FACTS:  Orlando head coach  Stan Van Gundy  didn't act like a coach who had just won during his postgame interview. But beneath Van Gundy's short and sarcastic answers about his team's poor play of late, the Orlando Magic pulled off a 106-102 road victory against the Sacramento Kings on Wednesday night. QUOTABLE:  "We didn't play well. We can't continue to play this way and think that it's OK. We need to change. No one can do it but us. Coach can't do it, nobody can do it but us."   -- Magic guard  Jameer Nelson TURNING POINT:  With the Magic leading 102-99 with 1:01 remaining in the game,  DeMarcus Cousins  drew contact inside and fouled  Dwight Howard  out of the game. He hit one of his two free throws and the Kings drew within two points. But on the next possession,  Hedo Turkoglu  hit a pull-up 3-pointer to push Orlando's lead to 105-100. THE STAT:  The Kings turned the ball over 21 times on the night, leading to 23 of Orlando's points. QUOTABLE II:  "It was a win, we played poorly and didn't put too much into the game and got crushed on the glass. It was a win, I'm not happy but we move on."  -- Van Gundy HOT:  Sacramento rookie center DeMarcus Cousins used a matchup against Howard to deliver his career-high in points. The rookie scored 29 points -- including 13-for-18 from the free throw line -- and added seven rebounds. At one point in the first quarter, while Cousins battled with Howard in the post, Cousins looked at the referee and said, "Just let us play." The two big men continued to battle hard against one another throughout the game, and Orlando was forced to move Howard off Cousins late in the game due to foul trouble. NOT:  The Kings have held a lead or been tied in the fourth quarter in 36 games this season but have only come away with 15 wins. On the flip side, it was the Magic's fourth comeback this season when entering the final quarter trailing. GOOD MOVE:  The Orlando Magic utilized an effective pick-and-roll down the stretch with  Jameer Nelson  to take advantage of Sacramento's weakness on guarding the play. Nelson had a team-high 26 points on 11-for-17 shooting. BAD MOVE:   Jason Richardson  missed two free throws with 14.1 seconds left to give the Kings an opportunity down 105-102. Out of the timeout,  Luther Head , not a high-percentage shooter, pulled the trigger on a deep 3-pointer with 3.9 seconds remaining but missed. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Kings newly acquired guard  Marcus Thornton  is worth ownership in fantasy leagues. The second-year guard, who was brought to the Kings in the deal that sent  Carl Landry  to New Orleans, scored 22 points, and tallied five assists and six rebounds. Thornton has scored in double figures in all seven games with the Kings. NOTABLE:   Beno Udrih  missed Wednesday night's game with the flu. The Kings were called for three individual technical fouls, one each by Cousins, Head and  Samuel Dalembert . UP NEXT: For the Magic, Friday @ Golden State, Sunday @ Phoenix, Monday @ Lakers. For the Kings, Friday @ San Antonio, Saturday @ New Orleans, Monday vs. Golden State.  