  Notebook: Pistons 79, Wizards 77 Posted Monday March 26, 2012 11:45PM By Rich Dubroff, for NBA.com THE FACTS: Rodney Stuckey  hit a 20-foot jumper with 0.2 of a second remaining to give the Detroit Pistons a 79-77 win over the Washington Wizards on Monday night. The Wizards led by 67-55 early in the fourth quarter, but the Pistons outscored them 24-10 to break their five-game losing streak. Stuckey had 24 points -- 12 of them in the fourth quarter.  Tayshaun Prince  had 18.  Greg Monroe  had 10 points and 10 rebounds.  Jonas Jerebko  had nine points and tied a season-high with 12 rebounds. Jordan Crawford  had 20 points for Washington.  John Wall  had 14 points, nine assists and seven rebounds, but was held scoreless in the fourth quarter as the Wizards lost their fourth in a row -- and their third in as many nights. QUOTABLE:  "In the first half the NBA called, they were about to throw both of us out of the building."  --  Detroit head coach  Lawrence Frank  on the first half when the Pistons trailed 35-30. THE STAT:  The Pistons scored under 80 points for the third straight game. It was the first time they scored under 80 in three straight games since Dec. 12-19, 2003 according to STATS LLC. TURNING POINT:  Stuckey hit a 3-pointer with 55.9 seconds left to give Detroit a 74-73 lead, its first of the second half. QUOTABLE II:  "The first half was horrible on both sides-both teams. It was pretty much just ugly basketball."  --  Stuckey on the first half. HOT:  Washington's  Kevin Seraphin  had 12 points on 6-for-9 shooting. Seraphin has been playing more since the trade of  JaVale McGee . NOT:  The Pistons'  Brandon Knight  missed 10 of 13 field goals, but made the play of the night when he leaped over his bench late in the fourth quarter and landed by the bucket that holds Gatorade. "Brandon's hustle play was a momentum changing play. Guy took a shower during the game, and that doesn't happen a lot. I thought that really pumped our guys up," Frank said. GOOD MOVE:  When  Jason Maxiell  didn't play well, Frank played Jerebko, and he gave Detroit lots of energy. BAD MOVE:  With  Trevor Booker  missing because of tendinitis in his right knee, Washington head coach  Randy Wittman  started  Chris Singleton . He missed all five of his field goal attempts. NOTABLE:  Stuckey hit the game-winner despite missing the previous three games with a sore left big toe. IN THE ARENA:  Olympic swimming champion  Michael Phelps  received loud applause when he was introduced to the crowd in the first half. UP NEXT:  For the Pistons: Wednesday @ Cavaliers, Friday @ Bulls, Saturday vs.Bobcats. For the Wizards: Thursday @ Pacers, Friday vs. Sixers, Sunday @ Raptors  