  Notebook: Bulls 118, Suns 97   By Kent McDill, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday January 17, 2012 11:50PM THE FACTS:  With  Derrick Rose  out of the lineup again because of his sprained big toe, the rest of the Bulls put all of their abilities on display against the visiting Phoenix Suns at the United Center Tuesday.  Carlos Boozer  scored a season-high 31 points and  C.J. Watson , starting in place of Rose, had 23 points as the Bulls won 118-97. All five Bulls starters scored in double figures and center  Joakim Noah  had a double-double with 13 points and 12 rebounds.  Steve Nash  made 10-of-13 shots to lead the Suns with 25 points. Phoenix shot 51 percent and still lost by 21. THE FACTS II:  The Bulls scored 39 points in the first quarter and shot 72 percent as coach  Tom Thibodeau  went with his starters the entire quarter. The Bulls led 67-47 at halftime, shooting 66.7 percent and committed just two turnovers in the first 24 minutes. QUOTABLE:  "Boozer looked like a Dukie out there."   -- Phoenix guard  Grant Hill , himself a former Duke University player, complimenting the performance of former Blue Devil Boozer. THE STAT:  The Bulls had 31 assists on 47 baskets in the game.  Rip Hamilton , playing his first game in weeks because of a groin injury, tied  Kyle Korver  for the team lead with six handouts. TURNING POINT:  Even though the Bulls shot 72 percent in the first quarter, the game was still a contest until the Bulls scored eight straight points late in the second quarter, with Boozer getting three consecutive jumpers to build a 61-41 lead. INJURY UPDATE:  Rose's sprained left big toe could keep him out of action for a while. He was held out for the second consecutive game Tuesday and the Bulls have two days off before visiting Cleveland Friday, so he could make a return for that game. HOT:   C.J. Watson  made his first seven shots Tuesday and finished eight for 12 from the field for 23 points. He was five for 10 in a loss at Memphis Monday, which was his first game back from an elbow injury that made him miss nine games. NOT:  Korver of the Bulls missed his three attempts Tuesday and is zero-for-nine from the field in his last four games. ROOKIE WATCH:   Markieff Morris  from Kansas was one for seven from the field and had five turnovers for the Suns. QUOTABLE II:  "It's amazing what he is doing at his age."   -- Bulls coach Thibodeau, talking about Suns guard Nash, who had 25 points Tuesday. GOOD MOVE:  Hamilton made his return to active duty after missing eight straight games because of a groin injury. Thibodeau started him and he responded with 11 points and six assists in 21 minutes. BAD MOVE:  Before the game, Phoenix coach  Alvin Gentry  talked about the improved defense for the Suns. They responded by allowing the Bulls to shoot 72 percent in the first quarter and 53 percent for the game. NOTABLE:  Yes, the Bulls are deep. When Rose missed the game against Washington Jan. 11 because of his toe injury, and    Watson was out with an elbow injury,  John Lucas III  started and scored 25 points. Watson replaced Lucas as starter Tuesday and had 23. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, @ Cavaliers Friday, vs. Bobcats Saturday, vs. Nets Monday. For the Suns, @ Knicks Wednesday, @ Celtics Friday, @ Mavericks Monday.  