  Notebook: Grizzlies 128, Kings 95   By Marlon W. Morgan, for NBA.com Posted Saturday January 21, 2012 11:56PM THE FACTS:  The Memphis Grizzlies had four players score 20 or more points as they ran past the Sacramento Kings, 128-95, Saturday night at FedExForum. With  Rudy Gay  scoring 23,  Mike Conley  and  O.J. Mayo  adding 22 apiece and  Marc Gasol  with 20, the Grizzlies (9-6) were able to win their sixth straight game and take over the lead in the Southwest Division. QUOTABLE:  "From my perspective, I'm not even thinking about that. I don't think about winning the division or any of those things. I think about making the playoffs and how we can better where we were last year. We were the eighth seed last year. I want to make the playoffs and be better than the eighth seed if we can. That's what our goal is. If the division title comes from that, so be it."    -- Grizzlies coach  Lionel Hollins . THE STAT:  Not only is the Grizzlies six-game winning streak their longest of the season, making them the NBA's hottest team, but is the franchise's longest since winning six in a row from March 14-26, 2006. TURNING POINT:  Despite being in control offensively the entire first half, the Grizzlies allowed the Kings to score 39 points in the second quarter on 65 percent shooting. But in the third quarter, the Grizzlies put the clamps down defensively, holding Sacramento to just 16 points on 28.6 percent shooting. HOT:  No one was hotter that Grizzlies point guard  Mike Conley  in the first half. Conley came out on fire, hitting his first seven shots in the first quarter. It would have been eight, but his made shot at the end of the quarter was ruled after the buzzer sounded. Conley's 15 points in the opening quarter were the most by a Grizzly this season. He made 10-of-11 shots in the first half, his only miss coming on a layup that was defended by  DeMarcus Cousins . Conley's 22 points were a season high. NOT:  The Kings used a hot second quarter, led by  Jimmer Fredette's  15 points, to shoot 65.4 percent in the quarter and 52 percent for the half. But in the second half, the Kings went cold, shooting 28.6 percent in the third quarter and 27.8 percent in the fourth. Sacramento made just 11 of 39 shots (28.2 percent) in the second half. QUOTABLE II:  "It was just one of those nights where the lane seemed wide open and all the shots were falling. I had to pick it up for my team and keep us afloat and start us off on another good foot. It was just one of those nights when everything was going right. I've been feeling good lately. I think I've been in rhythm for the last couple of weeks."   -- Memphis guard  Mike Conley NOTABLE:  Memphis guard  O.J. Mayo  has been on a tear recently. His 22 points Saturday night were a season-high. Mayo was 8-of-16 from the floor and made 6 of his 10 3-point attempts. ... Memphis forward  Marreese Speights  continued him improvement on the boards, setting a career-high for the second time this week with 15 boards to go along with 12 points. ... Sacramento guard  Marcus Thornton  left the game after just 13 minutes with a stiff left thigh. He scored just two points on 1 of 5 shooting. ... Fredette led the Kings with 20 points, 15 coming in the first half. He also had six assists and three rebounds. ... Cousins had a double-double for the Kings with 19 points and 11 rebounds. ... In addition to Gasol's 20 points, he had 11 rebounds, five assists and six blocked shots. UP NEXT:  For the Kings, Monday @ Portland, Wednesday vs. Denver, Saturday @ Utah. For the Grizzlies, Monday @ Golden State, Tuesday @ Portland, Thursday @ the Los Angeles Clippers.  