  Notebook: Mavericks 101, Spurs 100   By Dave Ivey, for NBA.com Posted Sunday January 29, 2012 10:32PM THE FACTS: Jason Terry  scored a season-high 34 points, including the game-tying 16-footer with 0.5 seconds left in regulation and the go-ahead jumper in overtime, leading the Dallas Mavericks to a thrilling 101-100 victory Sunday against the rival San Antonio Spurs at the American Airlines Center. Danny Green  had two chances to be the hero for the Spurs. He drained a baseline bucket at the fourth-quarter buzzer, but the replay showed the ball was still in his hands when the red light came on, sending the game to OT tied at 91-91. After  Ian Mahinmi  missed two free throws for Dallas with 11.5 seconds left in overtime, Green was off the mark with a long 3-pointer at the horn. QUOTABLE:  "It's just the will to win when the game is on the line. I like to take the shot when the game is on the line. When my team needs me the most, I'm going to come through regardless of what's going on the entire night."  --  Terry. THE STAT:  After shooting 4-for-14 from 3-point distance through the first three quarters, San Antonio was 7-for-8 from downtown in the fourth quarter.  Gary Neal  knocked down three of them and scored 13 of his team-high 19 points in the fourth. TURNING POINT:  The Spurs took a 98-95 lead in OT on Green's layup with 1:26 to go.  Dirk Nowitzki  cut it to one with a bank shot and then Terry took over, sinking the go-ahead pull-up jumper with 41.9 seconds to play and converting two free throws with 17.9 seconds left. QUOTABLE II:  "It's disappointing. I don't know what you want me to do. Do you want me to cry? I don't know what you want me to do. How disappointing? Very disappointing, is that OK? It's disappointing."  --  San Antonio head coach  Gregg Popovich. HOT:  Terry was 14-for-23 from the field. The 14 field goals were two shy of his career high and were his most since a 14-for-24 night at Sacramento on Jan. 11, 2009. NOT:  The Spurs had trouble with the freebies, shooting 53 percent (10-for-19) at the charity stripe. GOOD MOVE:  Popovich employed an unusual tactic to overcome an 18-point third-quarter deficit: He benched all five starters. Replacing the likes of  Tim Duncan  and  Tony Parker , the lineup of Green, Neal,  Matt Bonner ,  Tiago Splitter  and  James Anderson  fueled a furious fourth-quarter comeback. The reserves opened the fourth with a 26-4 run and San Antonio led 84-75 with 5:33 to play. BAD MOVE:  Popovich may have stuck with his second unit a little too long, particularly when the game went to the extra session. None of the starters returned after the 2:44 mark of the third quarter. The fresher legs of the Mavericks closed the fourth with a 16-7 run, including 10 points from Terry. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  After missing the last four games with a sore right knee, Nowitzki turned in a double-double with 10 points on 5-for-14 shooting and a game-high 13 boards.  Vince Carter  scored 14 of his season-high 21 points in the first half.  Rodrigue Beaubois  added 14 points, seven assists and three blocked shots and  Brendan Haywood  had a season-high five blocks. NOTABLE:  Dallas point guard  Jason Kidd  will be sidelined at least a week with a strained right calf, but the news could have been worse. He said the initial fear when the injury occurred in the first quarter of Friday's win against Utah was a torn Achilles' tendon. ... The Mavericks snapped a four-game losing skid against the Spurs. ... Dallas committed a season-low eight turnovers. ... San Antonio dropped to 2-8 on the road. ... The Mavericks (13-8) took a one-game lead in the Southwest Division over the Spurs (12-9), with the Houston Rockets (12-8) a half-game back. UP NEXT:  For the Mavericks, Monday @ Phoenix, Wednesday vs. Oklahoma City, Friday vs. Indiana. For the Spurs, Monday @ Memphis, Wednesday vs. Houston, Thursday vs. New Orleans.  