
 Kings-Clippers notebook    By Dan Arritt, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday December 7, 2010 2:14AM THE FACTS:  After blowing a 16-point lead to start the fourth quarter, the Los Angeles Clippers scored the last 11 points Monday night to defeat the Sacramento Kings, 98-91, at Staples Center. QUOTABLE:  "We definitely needed this win. We were expected to win this game from the start."    - Clippers guard  Eric Gordon , who scored 23 of his team-high 29 points in second half, including seven in the game-ending run THE STAT:  Gordon has scored at least 20 points in nine straight games. Clippers rookie forward  Blake Griffin  had 13 points, 11 rebounds and seven assists for his ninth straight double-double. TURNING POINT :  Tyreke Evans  sank a 3-pointer with 2 minutes 36 seconds remaining to give the Kings a 91-87 lead, but they didn't score again as  Ryan Gomes  hit a jump shot on the other end of the floor and Gordon followed with seven straight points. QUOTE II:  "Our team needs to keep staying in attack mode."    - Gordon HOT:  Gomes scored 17 points off the bench on 7-for-12 shooting for the Clippers. He got hot late in first quarter and into second, scoring eight points in a 10-0 run that gave the Clippers a 22-20 lead. The teams then traded leads seven times in the second quarter before the Clippers took a six-point halftime lead. Gomes even made a 70-footer just after the halftime buzzer. NOT:  Sacramento guard Beno Udrih went 1-for-10 from the floor for the first three quarters, played 16 seconds in the fourth and didn't get off the bench again. Udrih still contributed more than Luther Head, who he replaced in the starting lineup last game. Head, who averaged 22.3 minutes in November and scored a season-high 15 points when these teams met on Thanksgiving night, did not play for the second consecutive game. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  It was Jewish Heritage Night at Staples Center and Sacramento reserve forward  Omri Casspi , the first Israeli-born player in the NBA, scored 21 points on 8-for-11 shooting and grabbed 10 rebounds, both season highs. GOOD MOVE:  The Clippers may have found a player they can go to down the stretch of close games. Clippers coach  Vinny Del Negro  put the ball in Gordon's hands down the stretch and he led the Clippers to their fifth victory, all at home. BAD MOVE:  Just when it looked like Evans was regaining his stroke, he took a big step back against the Clippers, shooting 5-for-19 from the floor while scoring 16 points. With the score tied, 91-91, he missed a 3-point shot with 1:23 remaining. Gordon then hit a 3-pointer on the other end and held the lead from there. ROOKIE WATCH:  Sacramento reserve point guard  Pooh Jeter , who played at nearby Garden Serra High School, provided a nice spark during the Kings' fourth-quarter comeback, scoring all 11 of his points in the first 6:13 as Sacramento erased the 16-point deficit. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Washington Wizards rookie  John Wall  sat courtside. It was unclear if he was in attendance to watch Clippers rookie point guard  Eric Bledsoe , his teammate last season at Kentucky, or watch Griffin, his likely competition for rookie of the year honors. Washington plays the Lakers on Wednesday. NOTABLE : Clippers back-up point guard  Baron Davis  left in third quarter with a sore left hamstring. He was in his fourth game back after missing 14 of the previous 15 games with a sore knee. UP NEXT : For the Clippers, Wednesday vs. the Lakers, Saturday vs. Memphis, Sunday vs. Orlando. For the Kings, Wednesday vs. Washington, Saturday vs. Miami, Dec. 14 @  Houston. 
