
 Hawks-Pacers notebook   By Conrad Brunner, for NBA.com Posted Friday April 8, 2011 10:53PM THE FACTS:   Danny Granger  scored 28,  Darren Collison  and  Roy Hibbert  posted double-doubles and the Pacers snapped a nine-game losing streak against Atlanta with a solid 114-102 victory over the Hawks Friday night in Conseco Fieldhouse. Though locked into eighth place in the Eastern Conference regardless of the outcome of their final regular-season games, the Pacers (37-43) attacked the Hawks aggressively from the outset and never trailed, winning for the fifth time in six games and improving to 20-16 under interim coach  Frank Vogel . The Hawks (44-35) lost their third straight. QUOTABLE:  "We are just trying to build momentum going into the playoffs. We're looking to be very offensive, move the ball, hit the open people and put points on the board. We are shooting well, passing the ball well, which results in wins. We are gaining our confidence more and more every game. And this is the mind set that we need to be in going to the playoffs."    -- Danny Granger THE STAT:  The Pacers had 23 assists against just 11 turnovers, while the Hawks had more turnovers (13) than assists (11). TURNING POINT:  Though Indiana led throughout, and by double figures much of the night, Atlanta closed to 92-84 on  Zaza Pachulia 's free throw with 8:08 remaining.  Jeff Foster  answered with consecutive buckets to spark an 11-4 burst that pushed the lead to 103-88 and sealed the verdict. QUOTABLE II:  "We have to do things with energy. We have to do things with passion. These last four games are about preparing for the playoffs. Whether we have guys here or whether they're out, we have to play with a sense of urgency. Technically we're locked into the fifth spot, but we're trying to get ready for that second season."    -- Hawks coach  Larry Drew HOT:  Collison shot 7-of-10 and scored 16 points with 10 assists, his second consecutive double-double. In the last six games, Collison has shot 71 percent from the field (41 of 58). ... Hibbert had his 21st double-double of the season with 14 points and 11 rebounds. ... Foster made all four of his shots and had eight points and six rebounds in under 13 minutes off the bench. ... Indianapolis native  Jeff Teague  scored 17 of his 21 in the fourth quarter and shot 7-of-10. NOT:   Al Horford  managed just 10 points in 30 minutes, while  Joe Johnson  battled foul trouble and scored 17. ... Atlanta point guard  Kirk Hinrich  had four turnovers and two assists. ... Indiana backup point guard  A.J. Price  missed all five of his shots. NOTABLE:  The Pacers outrebounded the Hawks, 49-36 and outscored the visitors 54-42 in the paint. ... No Atlanta player had more than three assists. ... Indiana has averaged 25.3 assists in its last three games, with at least 20 in each. ...  Mike Dunleavy  made his 100th 3-pointer, marking his third season with at least 100. ... The Hawks will play their weekend back-to-back (including a trip to Washington Saturday) without forward  Josh Smith  (sore knee) and center  Jason Collins  (sore ankle). ... Smith said he expects to be back in action Monday against Miami. ... Indiana's long-time radio analyst and former ABA coach  Bobby "Slick" Leonard  returned to the booth next to play-by-play partner  Mark Boyle . Leonard has been recovering from a heart attack suffered after the Pacers won in New York on March 13. UP NEXT:  For the Pacers, Sunday vs. New York, Wednesday @ Orlando. For the Hawks, Saturday @ Washington, Monday vs. Miami, Wednesday @ Charlotte. 
