
 Bulls-Thunder notebook   By Randy Renner, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday October 27, 2010 11:50PM THE FACTS Kevin Durant  and  Russell Westbrook  combined for 58 points as the Oklahoma City Thunder beat the visiting Chicago Bulls 106-95. Durant scored 30 points, his average from last season, and Westbrook netted 28 points along with 10 rebounds and six assists. Bulls guard  Derrick Rose  led Chicago with 28 points. Bulls center  Joakim Noah  added 18 points and pulled down 19 rebounds. QUOTABLE "Our 4th quarter defense, I just couldn't ask for better. It's the best we've played in month." -- Thunder coach  Scott Brooks THE STAT The Thunder defense held the Bulls to just 25 percent shooting in the fourth quarter. Chicago turned the ball over four times in the last 12 minutes and OKC blocked four shots. TURNING POINT With 5:49 left in the game, Bulls guard  Kyle Korver  hit an 18-foot jumper. From that point on Chicago hit just 1 of 9 shots and turned the ball over three times, spurring OKC to a 14-2 run and the win. QUOTABLE II "Some good things and bad things tonight but the biggest thing was the fourth quarter. We have to execute better. We have to play hard defense without fouling." -- Bulls coach  Tom Thibodeau HOT In the fourth quarter, Durant and Westbrook combined for 14 of the Thunder's 24 points. NOT Also in the fourth quarter, Rose and Noah combined for just six points on 3-for-12 shooting. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT Westbrook filled up the stat sheet with 28 points, 10 rebounds, six assists, two steals and one blocked shot. INSIDE THE ARENA A festive atmosphere on opening night. Among the faces in the crowd, rock star Wayne Coyne of The Flaming Lips and Oklahoma governor Brad Henry. NOTABLE Thunder guard  Thabo Sefolosha  managed only one point but he blocked four shots, grabbed four rebounds, dished out four assists and stole the ball twice. UP NEXT For the Bulls, Saturday vs Pistons, Monday vs Trail Blazers, Thursday vs Knicks. For the Thunder, Friday @ Detroit, Sunday vs. Jazz, Wednesday @ LA Clippers. 
