  Notebook: Trail Blazers 119, Timberwolves 106 Posted Monday April 2, 2012 1:05AM By Kerry Eggers, for NBA.com THE FACTS: LaMarcus Aldridge  led six Portland players in double figures with 26 points as the Trail Blazers trimmed the Timberwolves 119-106 Sunday night at the Rose Garden. Aldridge also grabbed nine rebounds for Portland (25-28), which passed Minnesota (25-29) to move into 11th place in the Western Division playoff race. Kevin Love  collected 26 points and nine boards for the Timberwolves, who lost for the ninth time in 13 games. They were without four of their top six scorers due to injuries --  Ricky Rubio  (knee, out for the season),  Nikola Pekovic  (ankle),  Michael Beasley  (toe) and  J.J. Barea  (quadriceps). QUOTABLE:  "He's our All-Star, our go-to player. Nothing he does on the floor surprises me."    -- Portland coach  Kaleb Canales  on Aldridge. THE STAT:  Portland shot 52.3 percent from the field, its best percentage since firing at a 59.3 clip on Feb. 21 against San Antonio. TURNING POINT:  Portland led 75-68 late in the third quarter when  Nicolas Batum  converted a four-point play, then made a spectacular block that started a fast break and an Aldridge dunk the other way. Suddenly, it was 81-68, and the Wolves never got closer than six points the rest of the way. HOT: J.J. Hickson , who had one point on 0-for-1 shooting in 15 first-half minutes, finished 6-for-10 with 15 points and nine rebounds in 35 minutes. NOT: Raymond Felton  made only 4 of 11 shots from the field but came close to a triple-double with 10 points, 11 assists and eight rebounds. QUOTABLE II:  "We had a very poor game defensively. We never stopped them the whole night."   -- Minnesota coach  Rick Adelman INSIDE THE ARENA:  Long-time Trail Blazer TV analyst  Steve Jones  was honored in a pre-game ceremony. GOOD MOVE:  Aldridge took advantage of his quickness in the head-to-head matchup with Love, scoring often on fadeaway jump shots after contact. BAD MOVE:  Batum dunked in the second quarter, the ball going through the rim but hitting his head before it cleared through the net. The ball stayed in and went down, but referee  Bill Kennedy  disallowed the basket. NBA rules mandate the ball must go through the net without being touched by on offensive player. QUOTABLE III:  "When they got into that little fight, that motivated him much more. He did a good job tonight. it's been a long time -- since the All-Star break -- that we've seen L.A. this aggressive."    -- Portland's Batum on Aldridge, whose second-quarter scuffle with Love seemed to fire him up. NOTABLE:  Portland had gone 11 straight games without surpassing 100 points. It was the second-most points the Blazers have scored all season, behind only their 137-97 victory over San Antonio on Feb. 21. That was the game in which Spurs coach  Gregg Popovich , already minus injured  Manu Ginobili , sat healthy regulars  Tim Duncan  and  Tony Parker. UP NEXT:  For the Blazers, Monday vs. Utah, Wednesday vs. New Jersey, Friday @ Dallas. For the Timberwolves, Monday @ Sacramento, Wednesday vs. Golden State, Saturday @ New Orleans.  