  Notebook: Clippers 107, Magic 102 Posted Tuesday February 7, 2012 12:27AM Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com THE FACTS:   Chris Paul  had 29 points, seven rebounds and eight assists in leading the Los Angeles Clippers to their fourth straight road victory, a 107-102 decision over the Orlando Magic that may prove costly. Chauncey Billups  left the game with what appeared to be a torn left Achilles' tendon after helping the Clippers build an eight-point lead with three 3-pointers in the fourth quarter. Dwight Howard  led the Magic with 33 points and 14 rebounds, but they lost to the Clippers for the first time in 10 meetings. QUOTABLE:  "I'm sick about it. Sick for us but mostly for him and how much he means to us. ... He was in some pain, and whenever that happens when no one's around, all the possibilities are out there."   -- Clippers coach  Vinny Del Negro  on Billups' Achilles' tendon injury. THE STAT:  The second-worst free-throw shooting team in the NBA, the Clippers shot 22-for-25 from the foul line, missing only once in 12 tries after the third quarter. THE STREAK:  A victory at Cleveland on Wednesday night would be the Clippers' fifth straight on the road, matching the franchise record set in 1974 when they were the Buffalo Braves. QUOTABLE II:  "We are in the middle of a six-game road trip. To start 2-0 and get a win like that against a good team like that is good for us and good for our confidence."   -- Clippers forward  Blake Griffin TURNING POINT:  The Magic led by two points and had the ball with 1:55 left in overtime when Paul came up with a steal and assisted  Caron Butler  on a 3-pointer that put the Clippers ahead for keeps. HOT:  Billups made three straight 3-point shots in the fourth quarter before leaving the game with an injury with 5:48 left. NOT:   Hedo Turkoglu  went scoreless in 25 minutes for the Magic, missing all six of his shots. QUOTABLE III:  "(Turkoglu) was just sort of walking around out there."   -- Magic coach  Stan Van Gundy GOOD MOVE:  With 2:06 left in overtime and  DeAndre Jordan  and  Reggie Evans  having fouled out, the Clippers defended  Dwight Howard  with  Blake Griffin . Howard did not score or get a rebound in overtime. BAD MOVE:  With a foul in the backcourt,  Chris Duhon  put Chris Paul at the free-throw with 0.3 seconds left in the first quarter. IN THE ARENA:  Having signed with the Clippers over the weekend, veteran forward  Kenyon Martin  spent much of the day at Amway Center but did not play. Martin attended a morning shootaround and the game in the first of his orientation days with the Clippers. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  With Billups' injury,  Mo Williams  (nine points, four assists) is likely to get a boost in minutes for the Clippers. NOTABLE:  The Magic's  Jameer Nelson  returned with 15 points and 12 assists after missing five games with concussion-like symptoms . ...  Glen Davis  returned from a two-game suspension with seven points and a couple of big steals in 26 minutes, but the Magic was minus-11 with him on the floor. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Wednesday @ Cleveland, Friday @ Philadelphia, Saturday @ Charlotte. For the Magic, Wednesday vs. Miami, Friday vs. Atlanta, Saturday @ Milwaukee.  