  Warriors-Heat notebook   By Shandel D. Richardson, for NBA.com Posted Saturday January 1, 2011 10:50PM THE FACTS:  The Miami Heat rallied from a 14-point halftime deficit to defeat the Golden State Warriors 114-107 Saturday at AmericanAirlines Arena. Guard  Dwyane Wade  and forward  LeBron James  each scored 25 points while  Chris Bosh  added 20. Dorell Wright scored a game-high 30 points for the Warriors. After allowing a season-high 72 points in the first half, the Heat regrouped to improve to 17-1 in the last 18 games. The lone loss during the stretch was to the Dallas Mavericks. QUOTABLE:  "It's always a slippery slope in this league. The momentum can change. The second half, we were much more to our identity. It was just two totally different teams. Hopefully that's not a trend a we can grab a hold of this."    - Heat coach  Erik Spoelstra THE STAT:  12. That's the number of points Golden State scored during the third quarter. It was quite the change after scoring 72 in the first half. TURNING POINT : After trailing by 14 at halftime, the Heat started the second half with 10-1 run. It was the origin of the comeback, with Miami trimming the lead to one after three quarters before taking control in the fourth. The difference was necessarily the Heat turning things up defensively, but the rather Warriors cooling off after such a hot shooting first half. They made 10 of 16 from 3-point range before the shots stopped falling. HOT:  Wade didn't score 40, but he was once again the Heat's most effective player. His streak of 40-point games ended at two. Still, Wade was much more aggressive in the second half after a slow start. While Chris Bosh kept the Heat afloat in the first half, it was Wade who closed things out. NOT:  The Warriors in the second half. After making nearly everything in the first half, they finished the game shooting 47 percent as a team. That's not bad until considering how impressive they were in the first two quarters. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  James added 10 assists and seven rebounds to go along with his 25 points. GOOD MOVE:  The Heat have claimed defense is their identity and they finally showed in the second half. The Warriors scored 72 first-half points because they were the beneficiary of several open looks and scored on layups. The Heat picked things up on the defensive end, contesting more shots. BAD MOVE:  The Warriors may have gotten a tad bit comfortable after their big first half. They had no backup plan for when they stopped making shots. They relied too heavily on the 3-point shot in the second half, which allowed the Heat to get back in the game. NOTABLE : The Heat has until Jan. 6 to use the $1.85 million exception it received after Udonis Haslem foot injury. Spoelstra said he is content with the current roster, meaning the Heat will likely let it expire. Spoelstra said he will know more on Haslem's status once his boot is removed in about three weeks. UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Monday @ Charlotte, Tuesday vs. Milwaukee, Friday @ Milwaukee. For the Warriors, Monday @ Orlando, Wednesday @ New Orleans, Friday vs. Cleveland.  