
 Clippers-Nuggets notebook   By Michael Kelly, for NBA.com Posted Saturday November 6, 2010 2:05AM THE FACTS:   Carmelo Anthony  scored 30 points and dished out six assists and the Denver Nuggets beat the Los Angeles Clippers 111-104 on Friday night. QUOTABLE:  "I thought Melo's passing was first class. He found a lot of easy baskets for us tonight."  --  Nuggets coach  George Karl THE STAT:  The Clippers hit 50 percent from the field but were only 2-for-15 from 3-point range and 16-for-25 from the free-throw line. TURNING POINT:  Trailing 56-53 in the first minute of the second half, the Nuggets went on a 13-2 run to take the lead for good.  Chauncey Billups  had a tough time making shots all night, but he keyed the run with five points and two assists. HOT:  Nuggets forward  Al Harrington  had nine points of his 18 points in the fourth quarter to help keep the Clippers at bay. Harrington was one of six Denver players to score in double figures. NOT:  Going against Denver's smaller frontcourt,  Chris Kaman  was primed for a big night. But the 7-footer was 5-for-18 from the field and had just 10 points. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:   Eric Gordon  had 21 points and five assists to continue his strong start this season. He is averaging 23.7 points and 6.7 assists in his last three games. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Denver Broncos offensive lineman  Ryan Harris  was in the crowd. The Broncos are on their bye week. GOOD MOVE:  With  Nene  out, Karl opted to start veteran  Melvin Ely  at power forward. After sitting out the entire 2009-10 season and playing just 16 minutes total in the first four games, Ely came through with strong defense in the low post and eight rebounds. QUOTABLE II:  "This is probably one of the toughest things to do when you leave a year. One of the things about the NBA is out of sight, out of mind. For Denver to give me an opportunity, I want to do well, not only for the opportunity but so they don't feel they wasted a spot."   --  Melvin Ely ROOKIE WATCH:   Blake Griffin  had another strong game, scoring a team-high 26 and pulling down 10 rebounds in a losing effort. NOTABLE : The Nuggets extended their home winning streak over the Clippers to eight games. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Saturday @ Utah, Tuesday @ New Orleans, Wednesday @ San Antonio. For the Nuggets, Saturday @ Dallas, Monday @ Chicago, Tuesday @ Indiana. 
