
 Magic-Rockets notebook   By Matt Miller, for NBA.com Posted Sunday January 23, 2011 12:48AM THE FACTS: Dwight Howard  scored 22 points and grabbed 14 rebounds to lead seven Magic players in double figures as Orlando blasted the Houston Rockets 118-104 Saturday at Toyota Center. The Magic (29-15), winners of three consecutive games, shot 52.9 percent from the field and limited Houston to 38.9 percent shooting to spark the rout.  Chase Budinger  led Houston (20-25), which has dropped two straight overall and five of seven at home, with 19 points on 8-for-11 shooting off the bench. QUOTABLE:  "Dwight Howard is a handful for us around the basket, and they shot the lights out of it. ... I don't know another team that shoots like that."   -- Rockets coach  Rick Adelman  on the Magic's sizzling offensive performance THE STAT:  Orlando connected on 91 of 174 field-goal attempts (52.3 percent) in two games against the Rockets this season. TURNING POINT:  Despite facing mismatches all over the court, the Rockets managed to stay close for one quarter. But the Magic blew the game open in the second period with a 20-5 run that stretched a six-point advantage into a 54-33 lead with 6:18 remaining before halftime. Houston's deficit did not dwindle below 13 again until the final minute of regulation. QUOTABLE II:  "The last two nights have been good. We've been pretty consistent in our energy and our effort. I've been pretty happy with that."   -- Magic coach  Stan Van Gundy , whose team has won its last two games by an average of 27 points. HOT:  In three games against Houston this season,  Jason Richardson  has averaged 20.7 points on 65.6 percent shooting overall and 71.4 percent shooting from long range. NOT:  Including Saturday's 2-for-11 effort, Rockets guard  Aaron Brooks  has shot a dismal 10-for-44 (22.7 percent) from the field and 2-for-17 (11.8 percent) from 3-point land over the last four games. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Howard posted his 32nd double-double of the season Saturday, and he has provided fantasy owners with plenty of production over the last four games. The so-called "Superman" is averaging 26 points and 13.3 rebounds in this stretch. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Hall of Famer  Hakeem Olajuwon , who worked with Howard on his post moves last offseason, sat courtside. ... Wrestling entertainment star  Booker T  was also in attendance. QUOTABLE III:  "I didn't know he was coming, but it was special to see him."   -- Howard on Olajuwon's surprise visit GOOD MOVE:  Orlando's guards used effective dribble penetration to create several good looks at the basket from the perimeter in the first half. The inside-out game with Howard,  Brandon Bass  and the Magic's shooters also kept Houston's defenders reeling, leading to additional open shots. ROOKIE WATCH:  Rockets forward  Patrick Patterson  did not score (0-for-2 shooting) and pulled down four rebounds 12 minutes of action. NOTABLE:  Houston did not allow a steal for only the second time in team history. The Sacramento Kings also failed to swipe the ball away from the Rockets on Jan. 23, 1986. ... Orlando's 68 first-half points set Houston's season high for points allowed in a half. ... The Magic have won four straight over the Rockets. ... Orlando's  Hedo Turkoglu  scored a season-high 21 points on 8-for-11 shooting. ... The Magic nailed a season-high 13 treys on a season-high 32 attempts. ... Orlando improved to 13-1 when six or more players score in double figures. ... The Magic are now 11-1 when they makes at least 50 percent of their field-goal attempts. UP NEXT:  For the Magic, Monday vs. Detroit, Wednesday @ Indiana, Friday @ Chicago. For the Rockets, Monday @ Minnesota, Wednesday vs. L.A. Clippers, Thursday @ Dallas. 
