  Bobcats-Cavaliers notebook   By Brian Joura, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday December 29, 2010 10:25PM THE FACTS: Stephen Jackson  and  D.J. Augustin  were the only two players in double-digits Wednesday night for the Bobcats. Fortunately for Charlotte, both players responded with season-high point totals, leading to a 101-92 win over the Cleveland Cavaliers. Jackson had 38 points, including a step-back three-pointer with 1:40 remaining after Cleveland had cut the lead to four points. In his second game under new coach  Paul Silas , Augustin had 28 points, beating his previous best, established Monday, by a single point. It was the ninth time this season Charlotte reached the 100-point plateau and the Bobcats have a 6-3 record when reaching triple-digits, including 2-0 in two games under Silas. The Cavaliers, playing without  Mo Williams , had four players in double digits, led by  Ramon Sessions  who had a season-high 22 points. QUOTABLE:  "Confidence, I think, is what's most important in basketball. If you're a confident player then you're going to be able to do even more than you thought you could do. Right now his confidence is sky high. I would venture to say before this it wasn't."   -- Silas, on point guard Augustin. THE STAT:  Jackson and Augustin combined to go 8-13 from behind the arc. The Cavaliers as a team were 4-22 from 3-point range. TURNING POINT:  The Bobcats went on a 21-4 run midway through the first quarter to build a double-digit lead that they held through most of the game. QUOTABLE II:  "I told those guys from the start - attitude, confidence and going out there and playing hard, respecting each other, that's what's most important."   -- Silas, on what has been different since he took over as coach. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Rapper  Master P  was in the audience. Originally known as Percy Miller, he played for the Charlotte Hornets during the 1998-99 season. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Sessions came off the bench to score 22 points, including 10-11 from the free-throw line. He also added five rebounds and four assists.  Anderson Varejao  had 10 rebounds and 5 blocked shots. Jackson's 38 points included 13-15 from the line. He also had 6 rebounds and 4 assists. Augustin went 5-6 from 3-point land and had six assists and four rebounds to go along with his 28 points. NOTABLE:  The 33 points scored by Charlotte was the most the team has scored in the first quarter this season. The previous mark of 31 was set versus the Indiana Pacers on October 29th. UP NEXT:  For the Cavaliers, Saturday @ Chicago, Sunday vs. Mavericks, Wednesday vs. Raptors. For the Bobcats, Friday vs. Warriors, Monday vs. Heat, Wednesday @ Minnesota.  