  Lakers-Jazz notebook   By Andrew Aragon, for NBA.com Posted Saturday April 2, 2011 2:04AM THE FACTS:   Kobe Bryant  scored 21 points as the Los Angeles Lakers defeated the Utah Jazz 96-85 on Friday night to win their ninth straight game. Derek Fisher  and  Lamar Odom  each had 16 points for the Lakers, who improved to 17-1 since the All-Star break. For the Jazz, who have lost seven straight games and were eliminated from the Western Conference playoff race on Friday,  C.J. Miles  had 24 points. QUOTABLE:  "I think we were down 17 points in the first half and we led by 18 in the second half. That was it -- 17 and 18. We started playing defense and they turned the ball over a few times. It changed the game."   -- Lakers coach  Phil Jackson  on what turned the game around for his team. THE STAT:  30-18. There was a big discrepancy in free throws attempted, as the Lakers attacked the basket more than the Jazz and got the calls when they did. Los Angeles attempted 30 free throws, making 21 of them. Utah was 15-for-18 from the free-throw line. TURNING POINT:  The Lakers closed the third quarter on a 12-2 run to take control of the game. It started with a 3-pointer by Fisher that tied the game at 62-62. The Lakers then took their first lead of the game since 7-5 when  Shannon Brown  made a layup. After  Steve Blake  scored on a fast-break layup, Blake threw a sweet alley-oop to a hard-charging  Pau Gasol . Odom capped the spurt, and took the wind out of the Jazz with a 3-pointer with 1.1 seconds left in the third to give Los Angeles a 71-64 lead. QUOTABLE II:  "It was a stupid way to spend $2,000."   -- Jazz center  Kyrylo Fesenko  on getting a technical foul in the third quarter. After he fouled Bryant hard, knocking him to the ground, he dropped the ball on him to earn the technical. HOT:  The Lakers closed the second quarter on a 10-0 run, making what was a 16-point deficit much more manageable. They then went on to dominate the third quarter, shooting 58.8 percent while outscoring the Jazz 29-16. NOT:  The Lakers missed seven of their first nine shots to start the second quarter.  Andrew Bynum  missed his first three field-goal attempts, and first four free throws. The Jazz didn't score in the final 3:35 of the second quarter, missing seven straight shots. They continued their cold shooting in the third quarter, making 7-for-19 attempts. GOOD MOVE:  L.A. simply started playing better defense to turn the game in its favor. The Lakers had little life after Thursday's emotional win over the Mavericks, but got the momentum on their side against Utah with effort plays, rebounding and defense. BAD MOVE:  Fesenko's hard foul and technical got the Lakers fired up. L.A. was down 60-58 at the time, and then went on to outscore the Jazz 13-4 in the final 5:32 of the third quarter. Fesenko said he got caught up in the moment and regretted the foul and technical. FANTASY WATCH:  Odom continued his bid for the league's Sixth Man of the Year award with another strong showing. In addition to the 16 points he scored, he had seven rebounds. Those numbers were close to his solid off-the-bench averages of 14.4 points and 8.8 rebounds per game. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Jazz Hall of Famer  John Stockton  watched the game from the lower bowl. When he was introduced to the crowd and shown on the video screen at the end of the third quarter, he got a standing ovation from Jazz fans and the sizable number of Laker fans in the crowd. ROOKIE WATCH:   Derrick Favors  was the most productive of Utah's three rookies, finishing with six points and six rebounds in nearly 17 minutes.  Gordon Hayward  had seven points and three rebounds in 29-plus minutes.  Jeremy Evans  was twice whistled for basket interference on offense and did not score. NOTABLE:  Injuries forced the Jazz to use their 17th different starting lineup this season. The Lakers have used just two different starting lineups this season. Bryant has played against the Jazz 73 times and averages 25 points against them. The Jazz will miss the playoffs for the first time in five years. UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Sunday vs. Nuggets, Tuesday vs. Jazz, Wednesday @ Golden State. For the Jazz, Sunday @ Sacramento, Tuesday @ L.A. Lakers, Thursday vs. Trail Blazers.  