  Spurs-Cavaliers notebook   By Brian Dulik, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday March 2, 2011 10:36PM THE FACTS:  Third-year point guard  George Hill  collected 22 points and five assists by driving to the basket at will, leading the San Antonio Spurs to a 109-99 victory over the Cleveland Cavaliers. In its second game without injured point guard  Tony Parker , San Antonio led by 25 points midway through the fourth quarter before Cleveland made a cosmetic comeback. QUOTABLE:  "We played to win the game, as opposed to last night (a 109-93 loss at Memphis), where we played expecting something good to happen."   -- San Antonio coach  Gregg Popovich. THE STAT:  The Spurs rung up 89 points, shot .552 from the field, and outrebounded the Cavaliers 40-28 over the first three quarters. Hill scored all 22 of his points during that timeframe, while center  DeJuan Blair  recorded a double-double with 14 points and 10 rebounds in just 22 minutes. TURNING POINT:  After Cleveland jumped out to a 36-28 lead, shooting guard  Manu Ginobili , Hill and Blair led San Antonio on a 29-16 run to end the first half. Hill had 11 points in the period and ran the offense effectively. "George is starting to feel comfortable there," Popovich said. "He's going to get an opportunity, so this is a big stretch for him." QUOTABLE II:  "Our guys fought and played hard. That team is just too good."  --  Cavaliers coach  Byron Scott . QUOTABLE III:  "I felt like I let my team and my fans down last night. That's why I told the fans, 'Sorry, I'll be back the next game (on Twitter).' I just wanted to come out and play basketball tonight."   -- Spurs point guard George Hill. HOT:  San Antonio joined the 50-win club for the 12th consecutive season, equaling the NBA record established by the Los Angeles Lakers (1979-1991). The Spurs only needed 61 games to do so, breaking their team mark of 64 set five years ago. "We knew that every little thing counted and any mistake that we made, they were going to make a shot and execute their plays," Cavaliers swingman  Alonzo Gee  said. NOT:  Cavaliers guard  Daniel Gibson  (left quad contusion) was a last-minute scratch, while forward  Luke Harangody  (right hip pointer) only logged eight minutes before suffering a right hip pointer. Both are listed as day to day. Injury-plagued Cleveland finished the game with a mere four players on its bench, including  J.J. Hickson , who had fouled out. GOOD MOVE:  Cavaliers power forward  Samardo Samuels  made the most of his first NBA start with 23 points, 10 rebounds and three assists in 34 aggressive minutes -- all career highs for the rookie. "He's got a little bit of DeJuan Blair in him," Popovich said, adding that he considered drafting Samuels with the No. 20 pick before tabbing  James Anderson . "He's got great hands and the game suits him. He's just a basketball player, like DeJuan is." BAD MOVE:  Cleveland failed to run pick-and-rolls or high screens to free up shooting guard  Anthony Parker  on the perimeter. Parker, who owns the 13th-best career 3-point percentage in league history, was 0-for-2 beyond the arc. "That was a point of emphasis for us, keeping him from getting off those threes," Popovich said. "Everyone did a great job on Parker." NOTABLE:  Future Hall of Fame power forward  Tim Duncan  was relatively quiet for the Spurs, but still had 16 points, four rebounds, a team-high tying six assists and three blocked shots...Gee scored a season-high 18 points for the Cavaliers, who fell to 0-7 in games he starts....Benched swingman  Christian Eyenga  scored 11 points for Cleveland -- nine in the meaningless final 4:32...The Cavaliers went 3-5 on their season-long, eight-game homestand...San Antonio owns the best record in the NBA, while Cleveland has the worst. UP NEXT:  For the Spurs, Friday vs. Miami, Sunday vs. the Lakers, Wednesday vs. Detroit. For the Cavaliers, Friday at New York, Sunday vs. New Orleans, Tuesday vs. Golden State.  