  Notebook: Cavaliers 115, Bobcats 101   By Brian Dulik, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday January 3, 2012 11:36PM THE FACTS:  Rookie point guard  Kyrie Irving  collected 20 points and six assists in just 22 minutes, leading the Cleveland Cavaliers to a 115-101 win over the Charlotte Bobcats. Fellow first-round draft pick  Tristan Thompson  added career highs of 16 points and nine rebounds off the bench for Cleveland, which shot exactly 50 percent from the field. Point guard  D.J. Augustin  had a season-best 26 points and nine assists for Charlotte, which has lost four straight games. QUOTABLE:  "I credit my teammates because they were telling me to push it every time I got the ball. It just clicked for us tonight. Getting to know them personally is showing up on the court."   -- Irving THE STAT:  The Cavaliers moved above .500 for the first time since Nov. 9, 2010, when they were 4-3 -- en route to finishing the season with a 19-63 record. Cleveland is 3-2 this winter, qualifying it as one of the most pleasant surprises in the NBA. "They come with energy and really, really play hard," Bobcats coach  Paul Silas  said. "Everyone seems to be happy right now on their team, playing with a lot of joy. You really have to be concerned about going against them." TURNING POINT:  Irving took a page from former Cavaliers superstar  LeBron James'  book by making a chase-down block midway through the third quarter. Augustin took an outlet pass and appeared to be driving in for an uncontested layup, but the No. 1 pick in the NBA Draft sprinted and swatted the shot off the backboard. Cleveland maintained its 70-59 lead while swinging momentum fully to its side. "I just wanted to contest it the best I could," Irving said. QUOTABLE II:  "It's just not gonna work if we don't play hard all the time. We're not talented enough to not play hard all the time. You can't just give it away and let it happen."   -- Silas HOT:  Irving made 8-of-10 field goals, including 2-of-2 3-pointers, and 2-of-2 free throws in equaling his best scoring game. He did not commit a turnover and blocked two shots. "Kyrie makes everyone around him better with the way he can pass it," Cavaliers coach  Byron Scott  said. "Hopefully, he just continues to grow as a basketball player. If he does, we're in good shape." ... Cleveland was 10-of-21 (.476) beyond the arc, making it 26-of-47 (.553) on 3-pointers in its last two games. NOT:  Bobcats center  Boris Diaw  did not record a point, missed all five of his field goal attempts, and committed five fouls in 18 minutes. ... Charlotte backup center  DeSagana Diop  was scoreless off the bench, giving him four zero-point games to open the season. ... The Bobcats are 1-12 all-time at Quicken Loans Arena. ... Cavaliers power forward  Samardo Samuels  was benched at the end of the third quarter because Scott said he "didn't think he was real focused tonight." QUOTABLE III:  "We all love playing basketball, so why not play this way? By just being a spark, I feel like it might boost our team. I love the city of Cleveland."   -- Thompson GOOD MOVE:  Silas used center  Byron Mullins  -- an Ohio State product and Canal Winchester, Ohio native -- as Charlotte's first player off the bench. The second-year pro responded with a career-high 14 points, four rebounds, two assists, and two blocked shots in 18 strong minutes. "I was looking forward to having a rebound game," Mullins said. "But it doesn't count when we don't win." BAD MOVE:  Cavaliers small forward  Omri Casspi  started his fifth straight contest, but Scott said, "I have faith in him. He's not in any jeopardy (of losing his starting spot) whatsoever." In addition to being blistered for a season-best 21 points and eight rebounds by Bobcats counterpart  Corey Maggette , Casspi only scored five points, airballed a 3-pointer, and had four turnovers. NOTABLE:  Veteran power forward  Antawn Jamison  scored 19 points, matching his season average in Cavaliers wins. He is averaging 13.5 points in their two losses. ... Cleveland point guard  Ramon Sessions  had a team season-high nine assists and 16 points off the bench. ... Maggette was 13-of-14 from the foul line, surpassing his combined total over the Bobcats' first four games. ... Charlotte shooting guard  Gerald Henderson  scored all 16 of his points in the second half. ... Bobcats point guard  Kemba Walker , the ninth overall pick in the NBA Draft, missed his first five shots and finished with two points and no assists. ... Thompson, a Canadian citizen, said he has purchased 20 tickets for the Cavaliers' game Wednesday in Toronto -- and expects to have 200 friends in attendance. ... Shooting guard  Christian Eyenga  and power forward  Luke Harangody  made their season debuts for Cleveland after logging four straight "DNP-Coach's Decisions." UP NEXT:  For the Bobcats, Wednesday @ New York, Friday vs. Atlanta, Saturday @ Indiana. For the Cavaliers, Wednesday @ Toronto, Friday @ Minnesota, Sunday @ Portland.  