Notebook:  Sixers 99, Hawks 80 
 
 
 Andy Jasner, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Dec 21, 2012 11:10 PM - Updated Fri Dec 21, 2012 11:43 PM 
 
 THE FACTS :  Evan Turner  scored 21 points while  Thaddeus Young  scored 18 points and swept 11 rebounds as the Philadelphia 76ers defeated the Atlanta Hawks, 99-80, Friday night at the Wells Fargo Center.  Jason Richardson  scored 17 points,  Spencer Hawes  had 12 points and  Jrue Holiday  had 11 in his return from a sprained left foot. The Sixers snapped a five-game losing streak and improved to 13-14. 
 
 Josh Smith  led the Hawks with 17 points while  Lou Williams  had 13 in his first game against his former team.  Kyle Korver  also chipped in with 11 points for the Hawks, who fell to 15-9. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We just had so many guys play great for us tonight." 
 -- Sixers coach  Doug Collins . 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Sixers had a season-high tying 31 assists on 44 field goals made. Seven different Philadelphia players had at least two assists. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  After the Hawks had whittled a 16-point deficit to eight at the end of the third quarter, the Sixers had an immediate response. Turner scored consecutive baskets to open the fourth and the lead eventually swelled to 22. 
 
 HOT:  Turner shot 10-for-17, Richardson was 7-for-12 and Young was 9-for-16. The Sixers shot 51.2 percent overall. 
 
 NOT:  Al Horford missed eight of his 10 shots and wound up with just seven points for Atlanta. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "Offensively and defensively, we didn't do anything right. We were just a step behind those guys all night." 
 --  Lou Williams . 
 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Richardson had 17 points, eight rebounds and a season-best seven assists while Young had 18 points, 11 rebounds, five steals and four assists. Turner also played a stellar all-around game with 21 points, six assists and five rebounds. 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  Former Sixers center  Darryl Dawkins  was introduced before the game and received a warm ovation from the crowd of 18,061. It was a relatively calm crowd for a while until the Sixers began to pull away in the fourth quarter. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "I felt with Jrue back, we're a different team." 
 -- Turner, on Holiday's return from a four-game absence with a sprained left foot. 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  The Sixers' starters played heavy minutes and that was just what they needed on this night. The bench was thin to begin with and the starters were competing at a very high level.  
 
 BAD MOVE:  Smith has always performed well against the Sixers. With his length and ability to play inside and out, the Hawks probably could have gone to him more, especially early in the fourth when the Sixers made their run. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Hawks guard  John Jenkins  knocked down all three shots for eight points while forward Mike Scott had three points and two rebounds. Sixers guard  Maalik Wayns  received a DNP-CD. Wayns had been battling a sore foot, which he aggravated Wednesday night at Houston. Meanwhile, forward Arnett Moultrie was assigned to the D-League with the Sioux Falls Skyforce. Moultrie has played sparingly in 11 games this season. "Get in shape and play," Sixers coach  Doug Collins  said, referring to Moultrie. "That's what he's got to do." 
 
 NOTABLE:  The Hawks played without guard  Devin Harris , sidelined with a sore left foot. ... Hawks coach  Larry Drew  is still one win shy of becoming the eighth coach in franchise history to reach 100 victories. Through 172 games, Drew would still be the second-fastest coach to reach 100.  Lenny Wilkens  achieved the milestone in 166 games. ... The Sixers are 5-0 when holding opponents below 90 points this season. ... Turner has scored 20 or more points seven times this season, matching his total from 2011-12. ... Young recorded his sixth double-double of the season. ... The Sixers have totaled more assists than their opponent in five of the past seven games after accomplishing the feat just six times in the first 20 games. 
 
 NEXT:  For the Hawks, Saturday vs. Chicago, Wednesday vs. Detroit, Friday @ Cleveland. For the Sixers, Sunday @ Brooklyn, Wednesday @ Memphis, Friday @ Golden State. 
