Notebook: Bucks 98, Kings 85 
 
 
 Rick Braun, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Dec 12, 2012 11:57 PM - Updated Wed Dec 12, 2012 11:57 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:   Brandon Jennings  scored 19 points, and  Monta Ellis  added 17 points and 11 assists to lead the Milwaukee Bucks to a 98-85 victory over the Sacramento Kings Wednesday night at the BMO Harris Bradley Center. 
 
 Ersan Ilyasova  had a big game off the bench for the Bucks with 16 points and 14 rebounds, and  Luc Richard Mbah a Moute  added 17 points in his first start of the season. The Bucks won their third straight and improved to 11-9. 
 
 Tyreke Evans  led the Kings (7-14) with 17 points after missing the previous three games with a bruised knee. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "This goes back to last year. Every time I played with Monta, I know his game and he knows mine so he always kind of looks for me and I look for him. I know where he's going to pass the ball and when he's going to pass the ball. He's a really good passer, and he did a good job of finding me when I'm open." 
 -- Mbah a Moute, who was on the receiving end of five of Ellis' 11 assists. 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Bucks finished the game with a season-high 60 rebounds. Ilyasova had 14 and  Drew Gooden  had 10. Their previous season high was 59 on Saturday. Before that they hadn't grabbed more than 48 in a game. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Kings were still in striking distance, trailing just 68-64 when  Jimmer Fredette  sank a running shot at the third-quarter buzzer. But the shot was reviewed and ruled to have come after the buzzer, and when the Kings opened the fourth quarter by missing 11 of their first 12 shots, the Bucks pulled out to a 79-64 lead and were never threatened. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "It wasn't a well-played game by either team. They're not sending this one to the Hall of Fame. But you have to win those. At some point in the game you have to make enough plays to win the game, and we did." 
 -- Bucks coach  Scott Skiles 
 
 
 HOT:  On a night where the Bucks barely topped 40 percent and the Kings made just 37.2 percent, Ilyasova's 7-for-11 qualifies. He's averaging 16 points over the last four games. 
 
 NOT:  Bucks rookie guard  Doron Lamb  missed all eight shots he took. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Skiles had two starters and two top reserves out with either injury or illness but cobbled together a lineup that never trailed. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Second-year forward  Tobias Harris  picked up what he said was his first technical foul when he didn't get a call under the basket. He popped off to referee  Ken Mauer  while standing in front of the Bucks bench having a cut from the non-call play bandaged. The cut required four stitches after the game. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Kings forward  Thomas Robinson , the fifth overall pick in the draft, finished with eight points and eight rebounds in 24:43 of playing time off the bench.  
 
 NOTABLE:  The Kings were without starting center  DeMarcus Cousins , who learned about four hours before game-time that he was suspended for hitting  Dallas' O.J. Mayo  in the groin area Monday night. The Kings also were without  Marcus Thornton , who left the team to be with his ill mother. ... The Bucks were without starters  Larry Sanders  (illness) and  Ekpe Udoh  (wrist) and top reserves  Mike Dunleavy  (knee) and  Beno Udrih  (ankle). ... Ellis swished a shot from half court for a 3-pointer to beat the first quarter buzzer. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Kings, Friday @ Oklahoma City, Sunday vs. Denver, Monday @ Phoenix. For the Bucks, Friday @ Cleveland, Saturday vs. Los Angeles Clippers, Tuesday vs. Indiana. 
