  Notebook: Pistons 89, Magic 78   By Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com Posted Monday January 2, 2012 11:47PM THE FACTS:   Ben Gordon  had a season-high 26 points and six assists and the Detroit Pistons held the Orlando Magic to 32 second-half points in an 89-78 victory at the Palace Monday night.  Dwight Howard  led the Magic with 19 points but had just seven after halftime and fouled out with 2:46 remaining. QUOTABLE:  "I'm just trying to make my teammates better. A lot of guys are looking for me to score, so I'm just trying to mix it up. I'm taking shots when I'm open and trying to create plays for other people to make the game a little bit easier."   -- Pistons guard Gordon on his all-around offensive performance THE STAT:  5 baskets, 5.turnovers The Magic shot 5 of 17 from the field during the fourth quarter (29.4 percent) and committed five turnovers. Orlando had been averaging 97.8 points during its 4-1 start but were outhustled and outworked throughout the second half. TURNING POINT:  Pistons reserve frontcourt players  Jason Maxiell  and  Ben Wallace  rarely contribute offensively but they made a major impact with their aggressive defensive play Monday. After second-year center  Greg Monroe  picked up his fourth foul midway through the third, Detroit's veteran duo clamped down on Howard and disrupted the Magic's pick-and-roll plays. Wallace had five steals and Maxiell blocked a Howard shot from behind. QUOTABLE II:  "He's a one-man fast break. He's our attacker." -- Pistons coach  Lawrence Frank  on guard  Rodney Stuckey , who scored 10 of his 14 points from the free throw line. HOT:  Gordon, coming off two disappointing seasons with Detroit, is averaging a team-best 18 points while shooting 44.3 percent from the field. Gordon made 8 of 15 attempts Monday and also hit 8 of 9 free throws. He feels more relaxed because Frank is using a three-guard rotation, which ensures him steady minutes. NOT:  Magic guards  Jason Richardson ,  Jameer Nelson  and  JJ Redick  combined for 16 points on 5 of 20 shooting. They missed all seven of their 3-point attempts. "I don't know if we did anything good," Magic coach  Stan Van Gundy  said. GOOD MOVE:  Frank said before the game he was more concerned with guarding the perimeter than Howard having a big night. After some early foul trouble, the Pistons' big men neutralized Howard while their small forwards and guards contested enough 3-pointers to make the Magic shoot 36.4 percent beyond the arc. BAD MOVE:  Magic coach  Stan Van Gundy  played Howard 43 minutes Sunday against Toronto and never gave him a rest during the second half Monday until he fouled out. Howard clearly wore down, as he committed all three of his turnovers and five of his fouls after halftime. NOTABLE:  The Pistons, who have won two straight after an 0-3 start, outrebounded the Magic 39-28. ...  Tayshaun Prince  had 14 points and rookie  Brandon Knight  added eight off the bench for Detroit. ... All four of Magic forward  Hedo Turkoglu's  baskets were 3-pointers. UP NEXT:  For the Magic, Wednesday vs. Washington, Friday vs. Chicago, Sunday @ Sacramento. For the Pistons, Wednesday vs. Chicago, Friday @ Philadelphia, Saturday vs. New York.  