  Notebook: Clippers 120, Spurs 103 Posted Saturday March 10, 2012 12:16AM By Tim Price, for NBA.com THE FACTS: Chris Paul  and  Mo Williams  combined to score 69 points for Los Angeles as the Clippers made up for an embarrassing loss to the Spurs three weeks ago, this time controlling the end of the game -- rather than throwing it away -- for a 120-108 victory over San Antonio on Friday at AT&T Center. Paul scored 36 and had 11 assists in 37 minutes and now can put the last loss to the Spurs behind him. In that game he got caught about to commit a backcourt violation when he threw the ball away, right into the hands of  Gary Neal  for a 3-pointer that sent the game into overtime. This time Paul committed just one turnover -- he had a season-high five in another embarrassing loss Wednesday to New Jersey -- and made 12-of-20 shots. Williams scored 33 in 35 minutes, his seven 3-pointers (from nine attempts) tying a career high, as the Clippers (22-16) may have righted the ship after coming into the game with six losses in their last nine games (the last two each came with one-point margins). This was their first victory at the AT&T Center, having last won in San Antonio in January 2002. San Antonio (26-13), playing this one without  Tony Parker  because of a right quadriceps strain, appears to remain in a post All-Star break funk. The Spurs have lost three of five -- all at home -- since the time off. Without Parker, though, most of their problems occurred on the defensive end.  Manu Ginobili  scored 22 points off the bench and four others scored in double figures, but the Spurs allowed 51 percent shooting from the floor -- 52 percent (14-of-27) from the 3-point line. QUOTABLE:  "Obviously Chris (Paul) and Mo (Williams) had it going. They were knocking shots down all over the place."    -- Clippers coach Vinny Del Negro THE STAT:  In their previous two meetings this season, the Spurs outscored the Clippers from the 3-point line by a total of 18 points. It's not often that teams outshoot the Spurs from the 3-point line, yet the Clippers did it on a night when the Spurs as a team really weren't off. Los Angeles outscored San Antonio 42-36 from the 3-point line, even though the Spurs shot 40 percent. THE STAT II:  The Spurs shot 20-of-32 from the foul line, with  Tim Duncan  going 3-of-11. L.A. shot 20-of-24, and Paul led the way at 9-of-9. TURNING POINT:  The Spurs had come back from a 13-point deficit when Ginobili hit consecutive 3-pointers to tie it 103-103 with 5 1/2 minutes to play. But Paul drove the lane on a fastbreak and overhanded a pass to Williams in the corner for a three. The next time down the floor the Clippers went into a halfcourt set and Paul whipped a perimeter pass to Williams for another three, giving L.A. a 109-103 lead. The Clippers had just started a 17-8 run to close out the game. QUOTABLE II:  "The last half of that fourth quarter we had some great open looks from three (and) we couldn't make them. It's a bad combination when you're not hitting those and you're not hitting your free throws."    -- Spurs coach  Gregg Popovich HOT:  The last time Williams hit seven 3-pointers (he's done it three other times) was February '09, although he barely missed that mark this season with six on Feb. 20 against Golden State. This game broke him out of a 4-of-15 slump from 3-point land. He was 7-of-11 in the two games prior to that. NOT:  Two of the more trusty 3-point shooters for San Antonio are Neal (39 percent) and  Matt Bonner  (46 percent). But they combined to go 2-of-11 tonight (Neal 1-of-5 and Bonner 1-of-6). FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Paul scored 36, had 11 assists, four steals and four rebounds. It's his third double-double in the last four games, and he has 10 rebounds and nine steals in the last two. GOOD MOVE:  When they're hot, they're hot, and Del Negro kept point guards Paul and Williams on the floor together for most of the second half (they played a combined 37 minutes after halftime).  Eric Bledsoe  came in for five minutes for relief in the first half and sat every second after halftime. Williams scored 11 points on 4-of-6 shooting (3-of-4 threes) while playing the entire fourth quarter. BAD MOVE: DeAndre Jordan  played six minutes in the first half before he was called for two fouls. He came back in at halftime and played 24 seconds before he picked up two more. ROOKIE WATCH: Kawhi Leonard  scored in double figures (10) for the fourth straight game for the Spurs. He hit both 3-pointers he took and had six rebounds. NOTABLE:  If it comes down to a tiebreaker between these teams in the playoffs, the Spurs win it after already having won the first two of the three-game season matchup. ... The victory snapped a 17-game losing streak for the Clippers in San Antonio. ... Paul, after he made a driving layup in a crowd late in the third quarter, turned and glared at referee  Marc Davis . Davis responded with a technical foul call. ...  Reggie Evans  was hit with a technical from referee  Kevin Scott  after arguing a call in the first half. ...  T.J. Ford  missed his first game after he was injured with a stinger Wednesday. The timetable for his return to the Spurs lineup is indefinite. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Sunday vs. Golden State, Monday vs. Boston, Wednesday vs. Atlanta. For the Spurs, Monday vs. Washington, Wednesday vs. Orlando, Friday @ Oklahoma City.  