  Notebook: Trail Blazers 86, Hornets 74 Posted Tuesday March 6, 2012 1:12AM By Kerry Eggers, for NBA.com THE FACTS: Nicolas Batum  scored 19 points to lead five Trail Blazers in double figures as Portland took care of New Orleans 86-74 Monday night at the Rose Garden. The Blazers (19-19) snapped a three-game losing streak and won for only the third time in their last nine outings on the homecourt and avoided falling into last place in the Northwest Division. Marcus Camby  grabbed 16 rebounds in 26 minutes to go with six points, two assists, two steals and two blocked shots for Portland, which opened up a 26-point lead early in the fourth quarter before coasting to victory. Marco Belinelli  led the Hornets (9-29) with 18 points. QUOTABLE:  "We needed a win desperately. You drop your first three games coming off the (All-Star) break, you're not playing well as you're about to go on a seven-game road trip -- it was really important for us to get this win."   --  Portland head coach  Nate McMillan . THE STAT: LaMarcus Aldridge  had eight points and eight rebounds in the first nine minutes of the third quarter, finishing with 10 points and 11 boards despite sitting out the entire fourth quarter ...  Raymond Felton  had a double-double (11 points, 10 assists) and also was on the bench the entire final period for Portland. TURNING POINT:  The Blazers led 50-45 early in the third quarter when  Wesley Matthews  and Aldridge keyed a 15-0 run that produced a 65-45 advantage. HOT:  Nobody, really. Portland shot 43 percent from the field for the game. New Orleans shot 41 percent. The only player on either team who shot better than 50 percent was Hornets reserve  Xavier Henry , who was 4-for-6 and scored nine points in 18 minutes. NOT:  New Orleans shot 37 percent through three quarters before beefing up its percentage in garbage time. QUOTABLE II:  "It's a good start. We could come back (after the upcoming seven-game road trip) and be way below .500. Guys know this trip is big for us."   --  Aldridge, on the significance of Monday's victory. INSIDE THE ARENA: Jared Cunningham , Oregon State's first-team All-Pac-12 Conference guard, was in the house. GOOD MOVE:  Batum followed a Matthews' missed 3-pointer and skied for a one-handed follow flush in the fourth quarter, the most spectacular play of the night. NOTABLE:  Aldridge hasn't attempted a free throw in the last three games. McMillan's goal is to have his all-star forward shoot at least eight a night from the line. UP NEXT:  For the Blazers, @ Minnesota Wednesday, @ Boston Friday, @ Washington Saturday. For the Hornets, @ Sacramento Wednesday, @ Denver Friday, @ Minnesota Saturday.  