Notebook: Pistons 92, Knicks 86 
 
 
 Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Nov 19, 2013 11:39 PM - Updated Tue Nov 19, 2013 11:39 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  Detroit had lost its last seven games to New York by an average of 18.9 points. Its last victory against the Knicks prior to Tuesday was a 99-95 decision on March 18, 2011.  
 
 THE LEAD:  Guard  Rodney Stuckey  had a season-high 21 points and five assists off the bench to lead the Detroit Pistons to a 92-86 victory over the New York Knicks on Tuesday at The Palace. Forward  Josh Smith  contributed 19 points and forward  Greg Monroe  had a double-double with 16 points and 11 rebounds for the Pistons, who lost five of their last six games. Forward  Carmelo Anthony  led the Knicks, who lost their third straight, with 25 points but he committed a season-high seven turnovers.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "That's just what I do. I've been doing that since high school. I was an all-around player in college, too. I just try to get myself going and get my teammates going as well." 
 -- Rodney Stuckey  
 
 
 THE STAT:  43.4. The Pistons came into the game allowing a league-worst 48.9 percent shooting from the field. They showed improvement against the Knicks, holding them to 43.4 percent shooting overall and 25 percent beyond the arc. Anthony missed nine of his 12 first-half shots and was frustrated most of the night by Detroit's switching defense and physical play. He picked up a second-half technical during Detroit's decisive run.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  Stuckey's second-half outburst included a personal 12-point run that began in the last 1:55 of the third when he made a nine-foot jumper. He added a layup, free throw and pull-up jumper before the quarter ended. He tacked on two more jumpers and a free throw before feeding  Andre Drummond  for a dunk and a 15-point lead with 9:22 remaining.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We got Carmelo a little frustrated. We made him uncomfortable by all the switching and showing him different guys, kind of trying to bully him a little bit." 
 -- Andre Drummond 
 
 
 HOT:  Drummond notched his fifth straight double-double with 13 points and 11 rebounds. He is averaging 14.8 points and 14.4 rebounds during that stretch. Drummond had seven points and four rebounds during the fourth quarter to help the Pistons hold off the Knicks' late rally.  
 
 NOT:  Knicks center  Andrea Bargnani  seemed poised for a big night when he scored 11 points in the first 14-plus minutes. He was held to two points the rest of the game, and was overpowered around the boards by the combination of Drummond and Monroe.  
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Detroit guard  Kentavious Caldwell-Pope  received his third consecutive start and had 13 points, including two 3-pointers early in the second half. Second-round pick  Peyton Siva  played 11 minutes as the backup point guard but didn't have an assist or point. Knicks guard  Tim Hardaway Jr. , who lifted the University of Michigan to the national championship game during the spring, had a forgettable return to the state as he missed all three of his shot attempts in 11 minutes and struggled on defense.  
 
 NOTABLE:  Knicks point guard  Raymond Felton  missed the game with lower back and left hip injuries. He is questionable to play against Indiana on Wednesday. ... New York forward  Metta World Peace , who has been slowed by a sore left knee, did not make the trip because of a death in his family. It was the ninth anniversary of the Palace brawl when World Peace, then known as  Ron Artest , infamously went into the stands. ... Detroit hasn't won a regular-season series against New York since 2005-06. They play twice more this season (Jan. 7 at New York, March 3 at Detroit). ... Pistons guards  Chauncey Billups  (knee tendonitis) and  Will Bynum  (sore left hamstring) were inactive for the second straight game. ... Detroit forward Josh Smith returns to Atlanta on Wednesday for the first time since he signed with the Pistons as a free agent in July. Coach  Mo Cheeks  said he doesn't have caution Smith, who played his first nine seasons with the Hawks, about getting out of control. "He's not that kind of player," Cheeks said. "He's not a guy to go out and try to get 30 or 35 points anyway, so I don't think you talk to him." 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Wednesday vs. Indiana, Saturday at Washington, Monday at Portland. For the Pistons, Wednesday at Atlanta, Friday vs. Atlanta, Sunday at Brooklyn. 
