  Celtics-Magic notebook   By Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com Posted Saturday December 25, 2010 7:35PM THE FACTS:  Less than two days after breaking the 10-game winning streak of the Dallas Mavericks, the Orlando Magic broke the Boston's 14-game winning streak, outscoring the Celtics, 15-1, over the final 3:06 of an 86-78 victory. Jameer Nelson  scored 10 of his 12 points in the final 2:32, lifting the Magic into the lead with a couple of 3-pointers. Kevin Garnett  scored a game-high 22 points for the Celtics, but  Paul Pierce  went scoreless in the fourth quarter. Orlando center  Dwight Howard  was held to one field goal and six points, and Boston center  Shaquille O'Neal  fouled out with two points and one rebound in 12 minutes. QUOTABLE:  "I don't know if it did today, but it will, let's be honest. Nate (Robinson) is on the floor for 42 minutes, Shaq gets in foul trouble, Baby (Davis), you could see he was exhausted out there. But listen, nobody is going to cry for us."   -- Boston coach  Doc Rivers  on whether injuries to  Rajon Rondo  and  Kendrick Perkins  are catching up with the team. THE STAT:  Until Howard scored his only field goal with 11:09 left, the starting centers (Howard and Shaquille O'Neal) had combined for one point and nine fouls. TURNING POINT:  The Celtics had a 77-72 lead with 2:42 left when Garnett. who had made all five of his shots in the second half, missed an open 20-footer. Nelson answered with a three-pointer to get the crowd back in the game, and Boston never scored another field goal. QUOTABLE II:  "We're showing what we can possibly be. I know everyone talks about our height, that we're small desides Dwight. But you've still got to guard us, too, on the outside. There's times during the game when we have five guys out on the perimeter, and you've got to guard us. Tonight we showed that no matter how many guys you've got down there, No.1 Dwight's gonna foul them all out, and No. 2, you've got to guard us still." -- Magic guard  Gilbert Arenas. HOT: Hedo Turkoglu  shot 6-for-10 including 4-for-8 3-pointers, and finished the game with a plus/minus of plus-30. NOT : The Celtics, who lead the NBA in field-goal percentage, shot 35 percent (28-for-81) for the game and 29 percent (6-for-21) in the fourth quarter. GOOD MOVE:  The Celtics were maintaing their lead midway through the third quarter when Hedo Turkoglu prevented a dunk with a hard foul of Garnett, drawing a technical foul from Boston coach  Doc Rivers . BAD MOVE : With 6:49 left in the first half, Howard forfeited a free throw attempt by delaying more than 10 seconds after being handed the ball. QUOTABLE III:  "If I was a fan, I would be pissed; you pay all that money for good seats, you have two of the best guys in the country sitting on the bench, out of the game. That is what happens when you have control freaks out there." -- Shaquille O'Neal  after fouling out. IN THE ARENA: Tiger Woods  and his entourage sat in the front row for the nationally televised game. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  In his seven games as the Magic's starting power forward,  Brandon Bass  has averaged 15.1 points and 7.1 rebounds while shooting 59 percent. NOTABLE:  The Magic became the first team in 13 years to end 10-plus game winning streaks in consecutive games. The Los Angeles Lakers were the last team to do it in April of 1997, snapping an 11-game streak of the Phoenix Suns and a 15-game streak of the Utah Jazz . . . Howard and Magic coach  Stan Van Gundy  maintained their league leaderships in technical fouls among players and coaches, respectively. Howard was called for his 10th, Van Gundy for his sixth. UP NEXT:  For the Celtics, Tuesday @ Indiana, Wednesday @ Detroit, Friday vs. New Orleans. For the Magic, Monday @ New Jersey, Tuesday @ Cleveland, Thursday vs. New York.  