Notebook: Pelicans 95, Celtics 92 
 
 
 Brendan Jackson, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Jan 04, 2014 12:46 AM - Updated Sat Jan 04, 2014 12:46 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Celtics have lost their sixth game in the last seven contests after a run that had them near the top of the Atlantic Division. 
 
 THE LEAD:  The New Orleans Pelicans overcame a scary fourth-quarter injury to power forward  Ryan Anderson  to win 95-92 against the Boston Celtics at TD Garden Friday night.  In a game that saw 14 lead changes, the Pelicans (15-16) ultimately prevailed by using their length to force the Celtics (13-20) into shooting 15 percent from the field in the 4th quarter.  Despite the Celtics poor shooting, the contest still came down to the final possession.  With 20 seconds to go in the fourth quarter and the Pelicans leading 93-92,  Avery Bradley  drove hard to the basket only to be swallowed up by the long arms of  Greg Stiemsma  and Anthony Davis.  Davis corralled the rebound and called timeout.  After two free throws from Pelicans' backup point guard  Brian Roberts , a game-tying 3-point attempt from  Jared Sullinger  clanged harmlessly off the rim. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I was more worried about his mother, I know she's at home a nervous wreck so hopefully she hears this message and is cool with the fact that he's OK and in good hands."  
 --Pelicans' coach  Monty Williams  on the injury to Ryan Anderson 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Celtics had a season-high 22 offensive rebounds.  Celtics coach  Brad Stevens  acknowledged that many of these rebounds were the product of poor shooting, yet still saw his team's effort as a net positive. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  With the Pelicans leading 93-92 with 35 seconds left to go in the fourth quarter, the Celtics forced a key turnover.   Tyreke Evans  had driven hard to the basket in hopes of drawing contact,  Kris Humphries  rotated defensively and blocked Evans' layup attempt.  The ball caromed off of Evans and out of bounds giving the Celtics possession of the basketball.  In the ensuing possession, Bradley drove to the basket but was forced to alter his shot due to the long arms of both Stiemsma and Davis.  Bradley's shot missed and Davis secured the rebound and ultimately the win for the Pelicans. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I know the feeling. ...I've been in that situation more than one time, so I just wanted to make sure that he was fine."   
 --Celtics forward  Gerald Wallace  on his collision with Ryan Anderson 
 
 
 HOT: Brandon Bass , a native of Baton Rouge Louisiana, notched an impressive double-double, securing 11 rebounds and scoring 16 points on an efficient 8-for-10 shooting.  This comes just two games after Bass, along with the rest of the Celtics' starters, were benched in the fourth quarter for ineffective play. 
 
 NOT: Jrue Holiday  scored two points on 2-for-11 shooting and had nearly as many turnovers (4) as assists (5).  Holiday's play prompted Pelicans' coach  Monty Williams  to say that Holiday was, "Certainly off tonight" in his post game press conference. 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Stiemsma stepped in for the injured Anderson and scored 12 points on 6-for-7 shooting.  Not normally known for his scoring, the injury to Anderson could open up an opportunity for more scoring from the Pelicans' big man. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Williams elected to use lineups where Holiday,  Eric Gordon , and Evans all played together.  The Celtics had their hands full defending all three play-makers at the same time while Holiday, Gordon, and Evans held their own on the defensive end. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  The Celtics executed the last play of the game very poorly.  Stevens drew up a play with multiple options, however, the Celtics had to settle for a contested 3-point attempt from Sullinger.   
 
 NOTABLE:  Anderson collided with Wallace when both players attempted to secure the same inbounds pass.   Anderson laid motionless on the court for several minutes as Williams and training staff tended to the power forward. Anderson was eventually carried off the court on a stretcher and diagnosed with a cervical stinger... Jason Smith  missed his third straight game with a shoulder injury. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Pelicans, Saturday @ Indiana, Tuesday @ Miami, Wednesday vs. Washington. For the Celtics, Sunday @ Oklahoma City, Tuesday @ Denver 
