  Mavericks-Heat notebook   By Shandel Richardson,for NBA.com Posted Monday December 20, 2010 11:35PM THE FACTS: Dirk Nowitzki  scored 26 points and  Jason Terry  added 19 off the bench to lead the Dallas Mavericks to a 98-96 victory against the Miami Heat at AmericanAirlines Arena. The Mavs snapped the Heat's 12-game winning streak and swept the season series. Guard  Dwyane Wade  led the Heat with 22 points, but Miami shot just 40 percent from the field. QUOTABLE:  "We mixed up our zone and man-to-man nicely. Any time you hold a good offensive team to 40 percent shooting, it's a good thing. We just tried to clog the lane as much as we could. They settled for a lot of three against our zone. We got a little lucky."   -Nowitzki on the Mavs' win  THE STAT:  The Mavs were 24 of 28 from the free throw line. Nowitzki and Terry combined to make 14 of 14. TURNING POINT:  The Heat used a 17-0 run to take control in the second quarter, but the Mavs withstood the flurry. They trailed by just one a halftime, remained close in the third before eventually pulling away late in the fourth. QUOTABLE II:  "Bottom line is they made bigger plays down the stretch and were more consistent and hit some big shots. "They executed and got all the necessary open shots and offensive rebounds to really pull away in a close game. It doesn't happen to us often that somebody scores 33 (fourth-quarter points) on us and did it in our building."    -Heat coach  Erik Spoelstra HOT:  It wasn't necessarily one of Nowitzki's best shooting performances, but he made big shots when the Mavs needed it. He shot just 8 of 21 from the field. NOT:   LeBron James  struggled in the first half for a second consecutive home game. He got it going in the third quarter, but never hit full stride. The low point for James, who made just 6 of 17 field goals, was when he missed back-to-back layups in the third quarter. He also had five turnovers. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT : James did have 10 rebounds and seven assists to go along with 19 points. It was another solid all-around game, but the Heat need more from him in big games like this. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Gloria Estefan, FloRida,  and Jimmy Buffet. GOOD MOVE:  Turning the game over to  Jason Terry  in the fourth quarter. He was having an poor shooting night until turning it on. He scored all 19 of his points in the last period. BAD MOVE:  The Heat simply settled for too many jumpshots. With slashers like Wade and James, attacking the basket should always be the first option. In the second half, the Heat became a jump-shooting team. It showed in the 31 3-pointers attempted. NOTABLE : The Mavs now have snapped long winning streaks of seven team this season. UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Thursday @ Phoenix, Saturday @ Los Angeles Lakers, Tuesday vs. New York. For the Mavericks, Tuesday @ Orlando, Monday @ Oklahoma City, Tuesday vs. Toronto.  