
 Bobcats-Raptors notebook   By Holly J. MacKenzie, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday November 10, 2010 11:30PM THE FACTS:  On Wednesday night the Charlotte Bobcats notched their second victory of the season as they took down the Toronto Raptors 101-96 thanks to a late steal from  Stephen Jackson . Jackson led six Bobcats in double-figures with 20 points in the game as Charlotte improved to 2-6 and the Raptors fell to 1-7 on the season. QUOTABLE:  "That strip can go either way. That's one of those plays where you hope you get it. If you don't, you made a bad decision. If you do, you're a hero. He  [Andrea Bargnani]  had been killing us all game and I just wanted to make it uncomfortable and I thank God I was able to get my hand on the ball."   -- Jackson on Toronto's final possession in which he stripped Bargnani with 4.9 seconds left QUOTABLE II:   "In my life, yes. Yeah. Yeah. And It was the fingertip. I barely got my hands on it."   -- Jackson, when asked if the strip was the cleanest he's ever had on the final possession of a game THE STAT:  The Bobcats finished the game with 13 blocked shots. They were very active under the hoop as  Tyrus Thomas  recorded five blocks while  Gerald Wallace  added four, both season-highs. The five blocks from Thomas matched the Raptors' team total. TURNING POINT: Larry Brown  decided to go with Thomas for the duration of the fourth and the move paid off. Thomas was everywhere in the final quarter, getting blocks, deflecting passes and hustling on the floor. He scored 12 of his 14 points in the quarter and hit four free throws down the stretch to keep the game out of reach for the Raptors. QUOTABLE III:  "I was just telling him, 'Don't let him shoot,' that was the main thing. 'Run up and jump in his shorts, whatever you want to do, just don't let him shoot.' We'll take a three from anyone else but him. I think Jack played great defense and we were able to get out with a win."    -- Wallace on what he told Jackson before the final possession HOT:  Wallace did a little bit of everything for the Bobcats, finishing with 19 points, 14 rebounds, five assists, a steal and four blocked shots. NOT:  After shooting 6-for-8 from the floor in the first half, Bargnani went ice-cold from the floor, connecting on just two of his 11 field goals in the second half before having the ball stripped by Jackson on the final possession. NOTABLE: D.J. Augustin  turned 23 on Wednesday and put in a solid night against the Raptors, finishing with 16 points and seven assists to go with three steals.  Reggie Evans  left the game midway through the fourth quarter with a bruised hip and did not return. UP NEXT:  For Charlotte, Friday @ Washington, Saturday vs. Utah, and Monday vs. Minnesota. For Toronto, Friday @ Orlando, Saturday @ Miami, and Tuesday @ Washington. 
