  Notebook: Wizards 93, Raptors 78   By Rich Dubroff, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday January 10, 2012 11:27PM THE FACTS:   Rashard Lewis  and  Nick Young  each had 15 points to lead the Washington Wizards to their first win after eight losses, 93-78 over the Toronto Raptors on Tuesday night. Lewis, who missed Sunday's game with a sore right knee, and  Andray Blatche , who had a sore shoulder and knee, were benched by coach  Flip Saunders , but both responded when they came into the game with three minutes to play in the first quarter. Washington outscored Toronto 32-14 from then until halftime. The Raptors, who were playing their second of three straight games in as many nights, were led by  Andrea Bargnani  with 22. QUOTABLE:  "When we playing like that, I don't have no problem doing that role."   --Blatche on coming off the bench THE STAT:  The Wizards scored 23 points on as many Raptors turnovers. TURNING POINT:  Lewis played 14 minutes in the first half and Blatche 11. After halftime, the Raptors never challenged. QUOTABLE II:  "You know they're gonna come out scratching and fighting. We needed to match their fight and we didn't."   --Toronto coach  Dwayne Casey  on playing a winless team HOT:   Trevor Booker , who started in place of Blatche, hit all four of his field goals. He's hit 11 of 13 in the last two games. NOT:  Raptors G  DeMar DeRozan  is stuck in a major slump. He missed 12 of his 16 field goal attempts. In his last four games, he's a frightening 12-for-46 from the field. GOOD MOVE:  Saunders bringing Lewis and Blatche off the bench and starting Booker and  Chris Singleton . It energized the young players and perhaps gave a spark to the veterans. BAD MOVE:  The Raptors kept throwing up 3-point attempts. They missed their first 13 and finished just 4-for-20. NOTABLE:  Washington avoided becoming the sixth team since the 2002-03 season to start the season with nine straight losses. The eight consecutive losses to begin the season was the worst in team history. IN THE ARENA:  A crowd generously announced as 14,077 booed the team in the first quarter. Then, they began to play well. "It was like a playoff game. I felt like jumping in the stands," Young said of the crowd's reaction. "We got tired of being booed." UP NEXT:  Raptors: Wednesday vs. Kings, Friday vs. Pacers, Saturday @ Bulls. Wizards: Wednesday @ Bulls, Friday @ Sixers, Saturday vs. Sixers.  