  Notebook: Thunder 109, Trail Blazers 95 Posted Wednesday March 28, 2012 1:26AM By Kerry Eggers, for NBA.com     THE FACTS: Russell Westbrook, Kevin Durant  and  James Harden  all eclipsed the 20-point mark as Oklahoma City led almost wire-to-wire in a 109-95 victory over Portland on Tuesday at the Rose Garden. Westbrook had 32 points to go with eight assists, three rebounds and three steals as the Thunder (38-12) won their fourth straight game. Durant added 25 points and six rebounds while Harden contributed 21 points, five assists and three rebounds off the bench. J.J. Hickson  came off the bench to score a season-high 21 points on 9-for-10 shooting for the Blazers (23-27). QUOTABLE:  "A 32-point first quarter, a 33-point second quarter. We didn't bring our hard hats in the first half to defend and Durant and Westbrook played like all-pros."   -- Portland coach  Kaleb Canales  on the Thunder's 65-point first half THE STAT:  Oklahoma City shot .570 from the field -- .659 in the first half, with Durant going 7-for-7 before intermission. TURNING POINT:  Portland trimmed a 21-point deficit to five at 71-66 after a 17-2 run in the third quarter. Westbrook responded with six straight points, and Portland never got closer than seven the rest of the way. HOT:  Hickson, in his third game since being acquired off of waivers, made his first seven shots from the field. He also had four rebounds and three steals in his 26 minutes. NOT: Jamal Crawford  was 1-for-7 from the field. The Blazers guard is 9-for-49 over his last five games. QUOTABLE II:  "Russell really did a good job controlling the game. He was getting to the paint, he was getting to his sweet spots and making shots, and shooting over their guards. But everybody got involved."    -- Oklahoma City coach  Scotty Brooks INSIDE THE ARENA:  Baltimore Ravens tight end  Ed Dickson  was in the house. GOOD MOVE:  After Portland's  Nicolas Batum  made a steal and a sweet behind-the-back dribble and move to the basket in transition, OKC's  Serge Ibaka  went up for a terrific block from behind -- one of six for him in the game. BAD MOVE:  The Blazers didn't get enough help defensively for point guards  Nolan Smith  and  Jonny Flynn  on Westbrook, who victimized them all night. QUOTABLE III:  "It was more us than them. We gave them easy looks. We didn't make things as difficult as we could have. It was like they were taking warmup shots the first half."    -- Portland's  LaMarcus Aldridge , on the Thunder's 65-47 halftime lead. NOTABLE:  The Thunder are 8-0 this season when three players score 20 or more points. UP NEXT:  For the Blazers, Thursday vs. New Orleans, Friday @ L.A. Clippers, Sunday vs. Minnesota; For the Thunder, Thursday @ L.A. Lakers, Sunday vs. Chicago, Monday vs. Memphis  