Notebook: Pacers 93, Wizards 73 
 
 
 Conrad Brunner, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Nov 29, 2013 11:39 PM - Updated Fri Nov 29, 2013 11:39 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  Lance Stephenson  fell three points short of his third triple-double of the season -- finishing with seven points, 10 rebounds, 11 assists (and eight turnovers). 
 
 THE LEAD:   When the pursuit of an individual goal began to overshadow another strong collective performance, Indiana Pacers coach  Frank Vogel  pulled the plug. Stephenson was removed with 3:04 remaining, just three points shy of a triple-double, disappointing the sellout crowd but reinforcing the philosophy that has carried the Indiana Pacers to a 15-1 start after a 93-73 rout of the visiting Washington Wizards Friday at Bankers Life Fieldhouse.  
 For the Pacers, the focus has been on the whole, not the parts.  Paul George  scored 23 to lead Indiana, while  Roy Hibbert  and  George Hill  13 apiece as the Pacers won their sixth in a row and improved to 9-0 at home.  Marcin Gortat  led Washington with 17 points and 10 rebounds, but the Wizards had a three-game win streak snapped. 
 
 QUOTABLE:   "I love to see our players have individual success, but first of all he was showboating a little bit with a 20-point lead and that's when guys take shots at you. We play again in 36 hours, so get him out. Plus, I wanted to keep him from getting it the wrong way -- 10 turnovers."  
 
 -- Frank Vogel on the decision to remove Stephenson 
 
 
 THE STAT:   The Wizards entered the game ranked second in the NBA with an average of 18.6 fast-break points per game. They had none against the Pacers, who lead the league in fewest fast-break points allowed at 8.9. 
 
 TURNING POINT:   Washington started hot, hitting four of its first five shots including a couple of 3-pointers to take a 10-6 lead. But the Wizards made just two of their next 14 as the Pacers closed the first quarter on a 22-4 run to take a 28-14 lead. Indiana remained in control the rest of the night. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We were up about 25 and coach had to take me out. It was a good thing because we had to get other people involved. I'm not mad at all. We had a great game. It's not about me, it's about the team and I'm just happy we got the W."  
 
 -- Lance Stephenson 
 
 
 HOT : George shot 10-for-19 and made 3-for-4 from the 3-point line. He's 9-for-12 from the arc in the last three games. ... Indiana rookie  Solomon Hill  made a pair of 3-pointers in three attempts after starting the season 1-for-11. ... Gortat shot 6-for-12, and  Martell Webster  shot 2-for-4 from the 3-point line for Washington. 
 
 NOT:   One of the hottest players in the league entering the game, Washington's  John Wall  managed just eight points on 4-for-14 shooting, though he did have two assists. ...  Garrett Temple  shot 1-for-7 off the Wizards' bench. ... Hill shot 5-for-16 for Indiana, 2-for-8 from the 3-point line. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "We just had too many open court turnovers. You give a team like that, what was it -- 26 to 11 points off turnovers and no fast-break points -- you have to give them credit. They got back in transition and jammed up the lane."  
 
 -- Wizards coach  Randy Wittman 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  The Wizards played without  Nene , a late scratch due to a sore Achilles tendon.  Jan Vesely  started in his place and produced zero points and two rebounds in 20 minutes. ... This was the fourth sellout crowd of the season for the Pacers. ... Hill passed the 4,000 career point mark, while  C.J. Watson  recorded his 1,000th assist. ... Indiana is 7-0 when outscoring opponents on fast-break points. ... The Pacers have held five opponents to fewer than 80 points, the most in the league. ... Stephenson's eight turnovers were a career high, and his 11 rebounds tied a career mark. ... This was Gortat's seventh double-double. ... Indiana has won 10 straight home games against Washington, a streak that dates back to 2007. ...  Bradley Beal  (right leg) missed his third consecutive game,  Al Harrington  (right knee) his eighth and  Otto Porter  (hip) his 16th for the Wizards. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Pacers, Sunday @ L.A. Clippers, Monday @ Portland, Wednesday @ Utah. For the Wizards, Saturday vs. Atlanta, Monday vs. Orlando, Friday vs. Milwaukee. 
