  Notebook: Celtics 95, Bulls 91 Posted Sunday February 12, 2012 8:17PM By Brian Robb, for NBA.com THE FACTS:   Rajon Rondo  erupted for his second triple-double of the season and hit four crucial free throws in the game's final minute, enabling the Boston Celtics to hold off the Chicago Bulls for a 95-91 victory. The 25-year-old point guard tied a career-high with 32 points, to go along 10 rebounds and 15 assists. Chicago struggled to contain the versatile guard without  Derrick Rose , who missed his second straight game with a sore back. Without Rose, Chicago had their five-game winning streak snapped, and finished their road trip with a 6-3 record.  C.J. Watson  and  Carlos Boozer  both finished with a team-high 22 points for the Bulls.  Kevin Garnett  had his seventh double-double of the season with 13 points and 12 rebounds as Boston ended its two-game slide. QUOTABLE:  "I thought we played at a better pace today. You could see it: we were trying to run today and that's how we have to play. If we didn't turn the ball over we would've had far more points."   - Doc Rivers THE STAT:  The Celtics made a concerted effort to get out in transition against a tough Bulls defense, and their hard work paid off. Led by Rondo, Boston posted a season-best 33 fast break points. TURNING POINT:  A pair of thunderous alley-oops dunks by  Chris Wilcox  and  JaJuan Johnson  capped a 14-4 run that pushed the Celtics' lead to 14 halfway through the fourth quarter. Despite a late charge, the Bulls were unable to overcome the deficit. QUOTABLE II:  "Rondo's a great player. Even if you are defending him well, he still has the ability to make great plays and that team is very experienced and I think they're playing at a very high level."   --  Tom Thibodeau HOT:   Joakim Noah  -- The center started out strong, scoring 10 of his 16 points in the first quarter, without missing a shot from the field or the free throw line over the opening 12 minutes. NOT:  Chicago's Bench -- On a night where the team needed a boost as they played without the league's reigning MVP, Chicago's second unit managed a mere 16 points collectively, while shooting a putrid 26.1 percent from the field (6-of-23). FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Wilcox -- With  Brandon Bass  and  Jermaine O'Neal  sidelined, the 6-10 center for the start and played a season-high 26 minutes. Wilcox did not disappoint as he nearly had a double-double with 11 points and nine rebounds. The efficient Wilcox (5-of-6 on field goal attempts) should continue to see an opportunity to post big numbers with Boston's frontcourt undermanned in the coming days. QUOTABLE III:  "I think that our energy just wasn't very good. I mean we fought at the end but overall we got to play better. Our togetherness wasn't great and they shot at a high percentage throughout the game. They ran the floor better than us. I think overall they just wanted it more."   -- Noah ROOKIE WATCH:  Johnson -- The last of Boston's rookies to earn a shot in Rivers' rotation overcame a slow start (three first-half turnovers) to notch career highs in points (12), rebounds (four), and steals (2). His athleticism and energy off the bench were pivotal in assisting the C's in stretching out their lead in the second half. NOTABLE:  Rivers announced before the game that Bass would miss the next 10-14 days with a sore knee. O'Neal is still day-to-day with a sore knee and shoulder. He also missed Friday's game against Toronto. Rose told reporters before the game he would be seeing a back specialist on Monday back in Chicago.. Rondo attempted a season-high 13 free throws. Chicago had 20 second-chance points, but just seven of them came in the second half, as Boston limited the Bulls to four offensive rebounds over the final 24 minutes. The Bulls never led during the contest. Both teams will meet again Thursday night in Chicago. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Tuesday vs. Sacramento, Thursday vs. Chicago, Saturday vs. New Jersey. For the Celtics, Wednesday vs. Detroit, Thursday @ Chicago, Sunday @ Detroit.  