  Grizzlies-Suns notebook   By Mike Tulumello, for NBA.com Posted Thursday December 9, 2010 12:50AM THE FACTS:   Rudy Gay  nailed a 3-pointer from the left corner at the final buzzer of regulation, then his Memphis Grizzlies pounded the ball inside in overtime in pulling out a thriller 104-98 Wednesday night at the Phoenix Suns. The Suns nearly had it won after  Hedo Turkoglu  stepped back behind the 3-point line and buried a high-arching 25-footer to give the Suns a 91-88 lead with 6.2 seconds left. After an exchange of fouls, the Suns'  Channing Frye  had a chance to put the game away, but he hit only one of two free throws. That made it 92-89 with 3.3 seconds left. With 2.8 seconds left, the Grizzlies set a screen for Gay, who raced out from under the basket to the left corner and got away his big shot. The Grizzlies (9-14) led most of the game until the Suns (11-11), using their reserves almost exclusively in the fourth quarter, put on a frantic rally that erased an 82-68 lead with 9:00 left. For the Grizzlies,  Zach Randolph  scored a season-high 34, including a decisive 6-foot left hook that put the Grizzlies up 102-98 with 8.7 seconds left in overtime, and 17 boards. Gay added 22 points while  Mike Conley  had a career-high 14 assists. For the Suns,  Goran Dragic  and Turkoglu had 17 and 15 points, respectively, off the bench. QUOTABLE:  "This was maybe not a defining moment but a huge moment for our team. To come out of here with a loss would have been a huge mental blow."    -- Grizzlies coach  Lionel Hollins , whose team had lost a 14-point lead in the fourth quarter. The Grizzlies also had lost four straight, six in a row on the road. They'd also blown a game a month earlier in Phoenix when Gay failed to knock a free throw off the front of the rim with .4 seconds left, which gave the Suns the ball at midcourt and set up an improbable Suns' double-overtime win. THE STAT:  The Suns missed 10 of 27 free throws, including one at the end of regulation by Frye that could have sealed it. TURNING POINT:  Gay's 3-pointer at the buzzer saved the game for the Grizzlies. QUOTABLE II:  "Right now, we're searching. But I'm convinced that if we play with that kind of effort, we'll be a good team."    -- Suns coach  Alvin Gentry . HOT:  Randolph shot 15-for-19. "He's a tough matchup for us," Gentry said. "He's really good at angles, and he has such soft hands. Everybody else, we did a good job on." NOT:  The Suns'  Jason Richardson  had his second straight poor game. He shot 1-for-11, including 0-for-4 from long range, and scored four. ROOKIE WATCH:  The Grizzlies'  Xavier Henry  played 33 minutes, shot 4-for-11, scored eight and had just one turnover. NOTABLE:  The Suns lost the season series vs. the Grizzlies (2-1) for the first time since five seasons ago ('05-06). Both games in Suns-land went to overtime. UP NEXT:  For the Grizzlies, Saturday @ Los Angeles Clippers, Monday vs. Trail Blazers, Wednesday vs. Bobcats. For the Suns, Friday vs. Trail Blazers, Wednesday vs. Timberwolves, Friday, Dec. 17 @ Dallas.  