Notebook: Heat 121, Hawks 119 
 
 
 Zachary Paul, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Dec 24, 2013 12:59 AM - Updated Tue Dec 24, 2013 12:59 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  At 21-6, the Miami Heat are off to the best start in franchise history.      
 
 THE LEAD:  The Miami Heat needed three late free throws from  Ray Allen  and a huge game from  LeBron James  to defeat the Atlanta Hawks 121-119 in overtime Monday at AmericanAirlines Arena.  
 With  Dwyane Wade  sitting out because of knee soreness, James scored a game-high 38 points. He also had eight rebounds and six assists. Despite James' big game, the Heat would not be on a five-game winning streak without Allen making three free throws near the end of regulation to force overtime.  
 Allen, who started in Wade's place, was fouled on an open 3-point attempt from the corner. The Heat then took control in the extra period. The victory allowed the Heat to avoid what would have been a surprising loss. Miami opened the game with a 13-0 run before being outscored 31-17 in the second quarter.   
 Atlanta built an 11-point, second half lead before James took over in the fourth quarter. The Hawks were led by  Jeff Teague 's 26 points and eight assists. Forward  Paul Millsap  finished with 25 points, going 7-for-10 from beyond the 3-point arc.  
 
 QUOTABLE:   "The one thing I did like about this game, in the last couple of years with this group typically if we had given up 17 3s in a game, we're not winning that game. It will collapse our spirit, our minds but we were able to stay with it." 
 -- Heat coach  Erik Spoelstra   
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Hawks were 17-for-34 from the 3-point line. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Trailing by three with eight seconds remaining in regulation, Allen was fouled on a 3-point attempt. He made all three free throws to force overtime.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "LeBron James hit two walk-up 3s and Ray Allen got fouled on a 3-point shot in the corner. That's nine points right there. I haven't seen [the foul on Allen]. They called it and you've got to live with it."  
 -- Hawks coach  Mike Budenholzer   
 
 
 HOT:  It is rare to see James take so many shot, but he still was able to perform with efficiency. He shot 16-for-28 from the field. After the game, he said he felt like he needed to take more shots with Wade out of the lineup.    
 
 NOT:  Heat guard  Mario Chalmers  finished with 12 points, but there were a few questionable plays. He had trouble finishing at the rim and struggled defensively against Teague. Chalmers also had five turnovers.  
 
 GOOD MOVE: Michael Beasley  could have sat out another game to rest his strained hamstring but returning early should make it easy for him to move forward. Beasley was a catalyst early in the fourth quarter when the Heat rallied from an 11-point deficit.  
 
 BAD MOVE:  The foul by  DeMarre Carroll  on Allen doomed the Hawks. It gave the Heat just enough life to steal the victory. The Hawks were to blame because they focused their defense on stopping James, who found an open Allen in the corner.   
 
 NOTABLE:  Hawks forward  Kyle Korver  has now made at least one 3-pointer in 97 straight games, an NBA record. ... Wade is expected to play in Wednesday's game against the Lakers.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Wednesday @ L.A. Lakers, Friday @ Sacramento, Saturday @ Portland. For the Hawks, Thursday @ Cleveland, Saturday vs. Charlotte, Sunday @ Orlando. 
