  Heat-Nets notebook   By Jake Appleman, for NBA.com Posted Sunday April 3, 2011 9:57PM THE FACTS: LeBron James  (31 points, 11 rebounds, 7 assists, 7 turnovers) continued his torrid play,  Dwyane Wade  (18 points, 5 assists) contributed when he needed to, and  Chris Bosh  (16 points, 7 rebounds) showcased his deft touch in the paint. What it added up to was a wire-to-wire 108-94 victory for the Miami Heat over the New Jersey Nets. Deron Williams  (18 points, 12 assists) and  Travis Outlaw  (17 points, 9 rebounds) had decent games for the undermanned Nets who sorely missed the injured  Kris Humphries  and  Damion James . QUOTABLE:  "It's not easy. It may look easy, but it's not easy...I work on my craft. We work on our craft every day to get better."   --  James, when asked about making the game look easy in the first quarter. (The Heat jumped out to a 21-6 lead.) THE STAT:  The Heat tallied 60 points in the paint, twice as many as the Nets. Prior to the game, Heat coach  Erik Spoelstra  noted that in February the team started to emphasize scoring inside. TURNING POINT:  The Heat's second unit, along with Bosh, went for the kill after a dominant first quarter, building a 41-20 lead. While the Nets showed enough fight to keep the game respectable until late in the fourth quarter, the outcome never seemed in doubt. QUOTABLE II:  "Again, when they give you wide open shots, you have to make them pay and we didn't do that tonight."   --  Nets coach  Avery Johnson. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  On what was the last day of the fantasy season in many leagues,  Erick Dampier  notched a double-double (10 points, 14 rebounds). INSIDE THE ARENA:  Hip hop violinist  Miri Ben Ari  performed a creative rendition of the national anthem...James received a loud mixture of boos and cheers during player intros... Ray Rice  of the Baltimore Ravens sat courtside...A fan repeatedly shouted, "it gets better in Brooklyn!" to Williams. NOTABLE: Brandan Wright  made his first start for the Nets, but only saw 3:29 of game action...James attacked the rim early on, going at smaller defenders in isolation situations, as the Heat built a 13-4 lead...James converted a beautiful 360 finger roll, off glass, to give Miami a 54-36 lead...Outlaw knocked referee  Michael Smith  over accidentally in the beginning of the third quarter...Wade suffered a bruised thigh in the first half, but returned after intermission. "I just wanted to play basketball, one leg or not," he said... Anthony Morrow  didn't play in the second half due to a sore knee...The Nets went to a hack-a-Dampier strategy late in the fourth quarter. UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Wednesday vs. Milwaukee, Friday vs. Charlotte, Sunday vs. Boston. For the Nets, Tuesday vs. Minnesota, Wednesday @ Detroit, Friday vs. New York.  