Notebook: Suns 98, Bobcats 91 
 
 
 Derek S. Smith for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Nov 22, 2013 11:26 PM - Updated Fri Nov 22, 2013 11:26 PM 
 
 THE FACT: Channing Frye  scored a season-high 20 points and recorded his first 20-point game since March of 2012, while helping the Suns snap a four-game losing streak. 
 
 THE LEAD:  The Phoenix Suns picked up a 98-91 win over the Charlotte Bobcats Friday night at Time Warner Cable Arena in a game where the teams combined to commit 39 turnovers. Frye led the way for the Suns (6-6) with his game-high 20 points while  Gerald Henderson  paced the Bobcats (6-7) with 17 points.  
 
 QUOTABLE : "We're just having fun out there. I think I was more relaxed today. When you start losing, everything starts to get real tight so we can't be like that. We just have to get out there and have fun." 
 --Phoenix forward Channing Frye 
 
 THE STAT:  With 21 turnovers, Phoenix has had three 20-turnover games in 12 outings. They are now 2-1 in such games. The Bobcats committed 18 turnovers on the night and had been third in the league in protecting the ball coming into the game.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  Phoenix blew the game open to start the fourth quarter with a 10-0 run over the first 4:18 which took their lead to 21 points. The Bobcats missed their first four shots and committed three turnovers in that span, while Frye capped the spurt with a 3. The Suns were thankful for that burst as Charlotte made a valiant comeback late in the game and got as close as five points. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We needed a win. It's been a tough four games for us. We're on the road now and needed to get a win. It got a little crazy at the end out here, but we finished..." 
 --Phoenix forward  P.J. Tucker 
 
 
 HOT:  Frye was 5-for-7 from the 3-point line Friday night, connecting on half of the Suns' made 3s. Over the last four games, he's shooting 10-for-18 from behind the arc. 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT: Tucker had almost a perfect night from the floor. The Suns' forward was 6-for-6 from the floor and 3-for-3 from behind the arc. His lone miss came at the free-throw line where he was 2-for-3. He added five rebounds and two assists to his 17-point performance. 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  US Olympic swimmer Ryan Lochte was in attendance at Time Warner Cable Arena. Bobcats owner  Michael Jordan  was seated courtside for the second consecutive game.  
 
 ROOKIE WATCH: Cody Zeller  continues to struggle for Charlotte. He finished the night with six points on 2-for-11 shooting with five fouls and two turnovers while just scoring four points and grabbing two rebounds.  Archie Goodwin  came off the bench for Phoenix to score eight points in 22 minutes. 
 
 NOTABLE:  The Bobcats have held 10 of their 13 opponents under 100 points this season ...  Al Jefferson  returned to the lineup for Charlotte with a nine point, six rebound performance in 25 minutes of action ...  Kemba Walker  scored 16 points, scoring in double figures for the 10th time this season ...  Josh McRoberts  scored 10 points, notching double figures for the sixth time this season ... Suns guard  Goran Dragic  scored 14 points, scoring in double figures for the ninth time this season ... The Suns have now won four straight against the Bobcats. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Suns, Sunday @ Orlando, Monday @ Miami, Wednesday vs. Portland. For the Bobcats, Saturday @ Milwaukee, Monday vs. Boston, Wednesday vs. Indiana. 
