
 Warriors-Pacers notebook   By John Oehser, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday March 1, 2011 10:47PM THE FACTS:   Danny Granger  scored 27 points, and his clutch free-throw shooting helped the Indiana Pacers hold off the Golden State Warriors 109-100 Tuesday. Granger converted 16 of 16 free throws for the game, including 8 of 8 in the fourth quarter as the Pacers held on to a lead they held much of the second half. Reggie Williams  had 25 points in a reserve role for Golden State, which rallied from a 13-point first-half deficit to lead by nine points late in the second quarter. Paul George  scored 10 points in the first 6:05 of the fourth quarter for Indiana, which held on late in the period to snap a two-game home losing streak. QUOTABLE:  "I wouldn't say this is a big win, but it's a win that we needed. We got stops and were able to run after we did. We did a good job in transition tonight."    -- Pacers center  Roy Hibbert THE STAT:  The first half was about back and forths and ups and downs. The Pacers shot 47.6 and held the Warriors to 30.8 percent to take a 29-19 first-quarter lead, but Golden State shot 55 percent in the second quarter and held Indiana to 21.7 percent shooting to take a three-point halftime lead. The bench was key to the Warrior' 27-14 second quarter, with 22 of their points coming from reserves. TURNING POINT:  The back and forth ended at halftime, with the Pacers turning a three-point deficit into a double-digit advantage with a dominant third quarter. The Pacers shot 52 percent from the field in the quarter and outrebounded Golden State 14-8 to turn a 46-43 halftime deficit until a nine-point lead entering the fourth period. QUOTABLE II:  "Inconsistency over 48 minutes is definitely coming to bite us a little. I think we're focused on what we're trying to do [defensively]. We have a lot of effort. We have to look at film and see what teams are doing. I'm trying to find an answer. I don't really have one."    -- Warriors guard  Stephen Curry HOT:  How hot was Granger from the line? Just about as hot as any Pacers player had been from the line in the history of the franchise. His 16-for-16 shooting performance was one shy of the team record for free throws made without a miss. He shares the record of 17-for-17 in a game with  Billy Knight . Granger did it in 2008. NOT:  The Pacers still held their 13-point lead with 11:35 remaining in the second quarter, but the Warriors outscored Pacers 27-5 over the next 10 minutes. Indiana went nearly seven minutes without a field goal as the Warriors turned a 36-25 deficit into a 46-37 lead with a 21-1 run. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Williams not only got the Warriors into the game in the second quarter, he helped keep them close late. Williams came off the bench to score 10 points in a momentum-changing second quarter and that helped the Warriors to their three-point halftime lead. His 3-pointer from the top of the key in the fourth quarter pulled Golden State to within three, but the Warriors could get no closer. He shot 10-for-14 from the field. ROOKIE WATCH:  The Pacers again played two rookies relatively extensively Wednesday, with rookie point guard  Lance Stephenson  playing for the second time this season and the second time in as many games. He had an assist, but also shot 2-for-8 from the field. "He's doing well," Pacers interim coach  Frank Vogel  said. "He's doing better than expected in terms of nerves, but it's still a matter of calming his adrenaline down." George scored 12 points for Indiana and his 10 points in the fourth quarter not only helped the Pacers hold the lead, they showed off the variety of dynamic finishing moves he has displayed more consistently in recent weeks. QUOTABLE III:  "That's a win that falls in line with the identity we want for this team. Our tempo was great and carried us in the fourth quarter."    -- Frank Vogel NOTABLE:  Indiana outscored the Warriors 52-30 in the paint. It's the fourth time in 11 games the Pacers have scored 50 or more points inside. . . . The Pacers scored 22 points off 13 Golden State turnovers. . . . Golden State has lost four consecutive games and was playing the second game of a season-long seven-game road trip. UP NEXT:  For the Warriors, Wednesday @ Washington, Friday @ Boston, Sunday @ Philadelphia. For the Pacers, Wednesday @ Oklahoma City, Friday @ Dallas, Saturday @ Houston. 
