  Notebook: Trail Blazers 84, Hornets 77   By Larry Holder, for NBA.com  Posted Monday January 16, 2012 7:41PM THE FACTS:   LaMarcus Aldridge  scored a game-high 22 points along with nine rebounds as the Portland Trail Blazers knocked off the New Orleans Hornets 84-77 on Monday afternoon in the New Orleans Arena. The Blazers snapped their three-game losing streak, while the Hornets have lost 10 of their last 11 games. QUOTABLE:  "I thought we did come out with more aggressiveness out there. Defensively, we started to get more stops and we pushed the ball. I thought we were walking the ball down the floor. We were just playing halfcourt basketball. We picked up the tempo. We got moving. ... They got and huddled right before we went out to the floor. We were flat. For some reason, we were flat in the locker room. We were flat on the floor. They scored 35 points, but offensively we weren't moving. That's what I told them. I guess they talked about it. They came out in the second half and out a lot more energy."   -- Blazers coach  Nate McMillan  on the difference between the first half and the start of the second half THE STAT:  8 - The Hornets haven't scored 90 or more points in eight of the team's first 13 games this season. New Orleans was near the bottom of the NBA in scoring average and Monday's 77 points won't help matters. TURNING POINT:  Aldridge led with an animated speech in the team huddle right before the opening of the second half and woke Portland up out of its funk. The Blazers opened up on a 17-4 scoring run after halftime to go up 54-39 midway through the third quarter. QUOTABLE II:  "We can't just look at this and say we can wait for Eric (Gordon) and Trevor (Ariza) to come back."   --Hornets coach  Monty Williams  on the team's attitude after Wednesday's loss HOT:  Blazers six-man  Nicolas Batum  was a much-needed spark off the bench as he chipped in with 19 points and six rebounds in 32 minutes. He was Portland's second-leading scorer. NOT:  Hornets forward  Carl Landry  has seen his starting role disappear recently and now his minutes off the bench are evaporating. Landry barely played 10 minutes in the loss to Portland only scoring two points. Williams said Landry needs to get his fire back and that Landry knows he's not playing well. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Hornets guard  Jarrett Jack  continues to be one of the few consistent spark plugs for New Orleans with 21 points, four rebounds, four assists, two steals and three turnovers. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Former Hornets minority owner  Gary Chouest  sat courtside right next to the New Orleans bench. Those have been his seats for the past several seasons, but he hasn't been in attendance to many games this season. Chouest is still thought of as a candidate to buy the Hornets from the NBA. NOTABLE:  Gordon has missed his 10th game of the season with a knee injury, while Ariza has missed his eighth game with a groin injury. ... Blazers center  Marcus Camby  missed his second consecutive game with a sprained left ankle. Camby is still considered day to day and center  Kurt Thomas  started in Camby's place. ... Hornets forward  Jason Smith  started in place of the struggling  Chris Kaman  on Monday. ... Aldridge and Gordon were both named among the 20 finalists for the 2012 Team USA squad. UP NEXT:  For the Trail Blazers, Wednesday @ Atlanta, Friday @ Toronto, Saturday @ Detroit. For the Hornets, Wednesday vs. Memphis, Thursday @ Houston, Saturday vs. Dallas.  