Notebook: Bobcats 95, Bucks 85 
 
 
 Derek S. Smith, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Apr 13, 2013 10:56 PM - Updated Sat Apr 13, 2013 10:56 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:  The Milwaukee Bucks dropped their fourth straight game and locked themselves into the eighth seed in the upcoming playoffs with a 95-85 loss to the Charlotte Bobcats Saturday night at Time Warner Cable Arena. As a result the Bucks will face the Miami Heat when the playoffs begin later this month. Charlotte's  Kemba Walker  led all scorers with 21 points while  Mike Dunleavy  had 19 off the bench to lead Milwaukee. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  It felt good to come back home and be out there. If felt even better to be out there and get a win and be on the right side of things. I give a lot of credit for this team to come out here and play so well. It feels good to be finishing strong in front of the home crowd. --  Charlotte forward  Josh McRoberts. 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Milwaukee was without  Larry Sanders  again due to lower back soreness and it showed on both ends of the court. The Bucks were outrebounded 52-36 by the Bobcats. Charlotte also held a 50-40 advantage on points in the paint and a 15-13 edge in second chance points. Charlotte has 13 of its 19 wins win they equal or surpass their opponents rebound totals.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Bobcats closed the game out off an  Ish Smith  turnover late in the fourth quarter. McRoberts picked up the turnover and flicked it down court for his team-best ninth assist on the Walker dunk over  Gustavo Ayon.  The flush gave Charlotte a 90-79 lead with 1:25 to play.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  (Bismack's) hitting the little jumpers now and he's real aggressive with his hook. Rebounding-wise, he's around the crowd all the time. 
 --  Charlotte coach  Mike Dunlap. 
 
 
 HOT: Bismack Biyombo  had the strong play on both ends of the court for Charlotte. The second-year forward had his sixth double-double of the season and fourth in his last six games with a 13-point, 17-rebound performance. The 17 boards tied his career best. He also had two blocks. It was the 42nd time this season he's recorded at least two blocked shots.  
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  McRoberts almost had the third triple-double in franchise history. McRoberts netted a season-high 18 points on 7-of-9 shooting and was a perfect 4-of-4 from the free throw line. He grabbed nine rebounds and set a career-high with a game-best nine assists. He's averaging 17.5 points, 8.0 rebounds, 5.0 assists and 1.0 steals in the last two games. 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  Saturday was Fan Appreciation Night at Time Warner Cable Arena which included a marriage proposal between two fans. The "Bring Back the Buzz" and "Wee Beelieve" organizations held a Silent Swarm at Time Warner Cable Arena to bring attention to their movement of bringing back the Hornets nickname to Charlotte's NBA team. The Junior Lady 'Cats, made up of a few dozen elementary aged kids, were the halftime performance.  
 
 ROOKIE WATCH: Michael Kidd-Gilchrist  had seven points and eight rebounds for the Bobcats and added two assists.  John Henson  got the start for Milwaukee and finished eight points and 11 rebounds. It was his sixth double-digit rebounding game of the season. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Kemba Walker scored 20 points or more for the sixth time in the last 11 games and the 28th time this season. He also had his 157th steal on the season which tied  Brevin Knight  (2005-06) for franchise record for steals in a season.  Gerald Henderson  scored in double figures for the 22nd straight game. Bobcat forward  Jeff Adrien  had career highs in steals (4) and blocks (3). Milwaukee has lost four straight and 11 of its last 14 games as they limp towards the playoffs.  J.J. Redick  was 2-of-11 from behind the arc for the Bucks in the loss. Milwaukee made just nine threes a night after sinking a season-best 17 trifectas.  Monta Ellis  is averaging 22.0 points and 10.3 assists over his last three games and has scored in double figures in 72 games this season. Ish Smith had a career-high tying and team-best seven assists. Milwaukee has lost nine straight on the road matching a similar stretch December 5-31, 2007. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Bucks, Monday vs. Denver, Wednesday @ Oklahoma City, NBA Playoffs vs. Miami. For the Bobcats, Monday vs. New York, Wednesday vs. Cleveland. 
