  Notebook: Sixers 107, Nets 88 Posted Tuesday April 10, 2012 10:55PM By Abe Schwadron, for NBA.com    THE FACTS: Lou Williams ,  Spencer Hawes  and  Thaddeus Young  came off the bench to spark the Philadelphia Sixers, who snapped a four-game losing streak by beating the New Jersey Nets in blowout fashion, 107-88. Williams finished with 20 points, eight rebounds and five assists, while Hawes and Young each scored 19 points and grabbed eight boards. The Sixers opened up an 18-point lead in a decisive third quarter during which Williams and Hawes each had eight, and Philadelphia's lead swelled to as many as 23 in the fourth. Nets forward  Kris Humphries  finished with a team-high 20 points and 10 rebounds in a losing effort. QUOTABLE:  "Spencer was fabulous, he was our ace of spades tonight and I just think it goes to show you when Spencer plays well and Thaddeus Young, I like those two guys together."   -- Sixers head coach  Doug Collins THE STAT: Deron Williams  had as many turnovers (five) as he did made field goals. Williams racked up six rebounds and five assists, but was never in rhythm, struggling his way to 14 points on 12 shots. He was continually met in the paint by Philly's bigs, and had shots swatted away twice. TURNING POINT:  New Jersey hung tough throughout the first half, but after a Humphries dunk cut Philadelphia's lead to 40-39, the Sixers answered with seven straight points. Philly closed the quarter on a 12-4 run capped off on a buzzer-beating 3-pointer by Williams and took a nine-point lead into halftime. HOT:  Hawes, who made seven of his 11 shots, including one 3-pointer, and scored more points than in his previous three games combined. He clogged the paint on defense (three blocked shots), found open teammates (two assists) and ran the floor to get easy buckets. NOT:  First quarter shooting, from both teams. Through the first six minutes of the game, the Nets and Sixers shot a combined 4-for-23 (17 percent) from the field and scored a total of nine points. Even with markedly better shooting the remainder of the quarter, both teams wound up worse than 40 percent after one. QUOTABLE II:  "They had almost 50 points in the paint. So again, this was just a hustle game. They were a little bit more desperate than we were. I've seen it before."   -- Nets head coach  Avery Johnson GOOD MOVE:  Whether it was simply the result of an inferior opponent or a genius tactical move, Collins' decision to bring Hawes off the bench and insert  Nikola Vucevic  as the starter paid off. Vucevic nailed a jumper for the game's first basket, and led by Hawes' energy, Philadelphia's second unit overpowered New Jersey in the second and third quarters. BAD MOVE:  While Philadelphia's revamped lineup paid dividends, New Jersey's did not.  DeShawn Stevenson  got a rare start in place of  Gerald Wallace  (still nursing a hamstring injury) and proceeded to score just three points in 25 minutes. Equally non-existent was sixth man  Anthony Morrow , who shot 1-for-8 from the field. NOTABLE: Gerald Green  proved once again that NBA players are superhuman. Incredibly, Green played just one day after having a wisdom tooth removed. He scored eight points in 22 minutes of action. WATCHFUL EYE:  Nets owner  Mikhail Prokhorov  was in the building -- the Nets are now 8-3 when he is in attendance. QUOTABLE III:  "We were in their situation about two years ago, and I know coming in to games with somebody in the playoff run, we just wanted to mess with them, mess with their playoff record or where they were in the playoffs."   -- Sixers point guard  Jrue Holiday  on not letting the Nets play "spoiler" INSIDE THE ARENA:  Sixers swingman  Andre Iguodala  (13 points, seven assists) threw down a pair of thunderous dunks in the second quarter. On the first, he rose up to finish an alley-oop from Young. Then, with three minutes remaining in the half, he drove the lane, cradled the ball and flushed with authority, eliciting cheers from the bi-partisan Prudential Center crowd. UP NEXT:  For the Nets, Friday @ Philadelphia, Saturday vs. Boston, Monday vs. Miami. For the Sixers, Wednesday @ Toronto, Friday vs. New Jersey, Monday @ Orlando.  