Notebook: Nuggets 116, Warriors 105 
 
 
 Michael Kelly, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Jan 13, 2013 11:43 PM - Updated Sun Jan 13, 2013 11:43 PM 
 
 THE FACTS: Danilio Gallinari  scored 21 points,  Ty Lawson  had 20 points and five assists and the Denver Nuggets opened the fourth quarter with an 18-2 run to beat the Golden State Warriors 116-105 on Sunday night. 
 The Nuggets have won five straight and improved to 14-2 at home. 
 
 Stephen Curry  scored a game-high 29 points but just nine in the second half.  David Lee  had 23 points and 13 rebounds and  Harrison Barnes  scored a career-high 21 points for the Warriors, who have lost three of their last four. 
 Denver forward  Wilson Chandler  scored 14 points and had six rebounds and three steals in his first game back since Nov. 12. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I feel like we're most focused in the fourth quarter. I don't know why. I feel like we take the first half for granted but we really go hard in the fourth."  
 
 -- Nuggets center  JaVale McGee 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Warriors were scorching from the field through the first three quarters, hitting 56 percent of their shots. It dried up in the fourth when they shot just 35 percent and were outscored by 19 points. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Nuggets turned up their defense at the start of the fourth quarter and it turned the game in their favor. They trailed 87-79 heading into the final period but scored 18 points in a span of 4:23 to take a 98-89 lead. The Warriors closed to within three midway through the period but a 3-pointer by  Corey Brewer  and a putback dunk by Gallinari put the game away. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We did everything right. We had an (eight-point) lead going into the fourth. That's where we want to be on the road."  
 
 -- Curry 
 
 
 HOT:  Lee keeps producing for the Warriors. He had his third straight double-double and leads the NBA in games of 20 points and 10 rebounds. He has done it 16 times, three better than Miami's  LeBron James . 
 
 NOT: Jarrett Jack  had a rough stretch in the fourth quarter when the Nuggets took control. The guard had two turnovers and missed two shots and committed a foul during Denver's 15-0 run.  Klay Thompson  and Jack combined for 10 turnovers and the Warriors had seven of their 18 miscues in the fourth quarter. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "We didn't take care of the basketball at the start of the fourth quarter. We gave them life by being careless with the basketball. This is a team that feeds off of that. They got it going in transition and they hurt us. Two of our backcourt guys have 10 turnovers together. You're not going to survive that."  
 
 -- Warriors coach  Mark Jackson 
 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Curry can fill up a box score in a hurry. He was held to two points for most of the second half and then hit two straight 3-pointers to pull his team within three late. He also finished with seven assists.  
 
 GOOD MOVE:  The Nuggets used a full-court press early in the fourth quarter that bothered Golden State. The Warriors had three turnovers and four missed shots during Denver's decisive run.  Andre Miller 's steal and layup sparked the Nuggets. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Barnes got hot in the third quarter when Curry wasn't shooting. The rookie hit three 3-pointers and scored 11 points in the period.  
 
 NOTABLE: Kosta Koufos  scored his 1,000th point on a hook shot midway through the third quarter. ... Warriors center  Andris Biedrins  missed his second straight game with a strained right groin. ... The Nuggets tied a season high with 26 points off turnovers. ...  Andre Iguodala  tied a season-high with five steals. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Warriors, Wednesday vs. Miami, Friday @ San Antonio, Saturday @ New Orleans. For the Nuggets, Tuesday vs. Portland, Wednesday @ Oklahoma City, Friday vs. Washington. 
