  Blazers-Nuggets notebook   By Michael Kelly, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday December 29, 2010 12:26AM THE FACTS: Chauncey Billups  scored 18 points and all five Denver starters scored in double figures in the Nuggets' 95-77 win over the Portland Trail Blazers on Tuesday to end the Nuggets' three-game skid. It was Denver's first win in four games without star  Carmelo Anthony , who is away from the team following the death of his sister. QUOTABLE : "Losing two in a row is rough. Three is unheard of, so we definitely couldn't lose four in a row.    -- Denver's  Kenyon Martin. THE STAT:  Portland's  LaMarcus Aldridge  had 18 points and 13 rebounds. He finished three blocks shy of a triple-double. TURNING POINT : The Nuggets were ahead by two when  J.R. Smith  hit a 3-pointer with 1.8 seconds left in the first half. Arron Afflalo stole the ensuing inbounds pass and hit a layup before the horn to give Denver a 48-41 lead at the break. Portland never got closer the rest of the way. QUOTABLE II:  "I thought it was a psychological hit for them. They were staying with us, they were doing some good things and all of a sudden they were down seven going into halftime."    -- Nuggets coach  George Karl,  on the five-point flurry before half. HOT:  Martin has played limited minutes since returning from offseason knee surgery last week, and Tuesday's game was his best. He logged just 16 minutes but hit all five of his shots and played solid defense post defense. NOT:  Portland's  Dante Cunningham  was only 3-for-9 for six points in getting the start for the injured  Marcus Camby. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT : Billups tied his season high in assist with nine and had his fourth straight strong game overall. He is averaging 23 points in that stretch. GOOD MOVE:  Armed with a 20-point lead after three quarters and a game in Minnesota on Wednesday, Karl sat Billups, Nene and Martin for the entire fourth quarter. BAD MOVE:  The Blazers didn't handle the ball well, committing 18 turnovers that Denver turned into 22 points. They forced 15 turnovers but only scored eight points off them. NOTABLE:  The Nuggets announced during the game Anthony will rejoin the team Thursday. He will miss Wednesday's game against the Timberwolves. UP NEXT:  For the Blazers, Thursday vs. Utah, Sunday vs. Houston, Tuesday @ Dallas. For the Nuggets, Wednesday @ Minnesota, Saturday vs. Sacramento, Monday vs. Houston.  