  Hawks-Knicks notebook   By Matt Winkeljohn, for NBA.com Posted Friday January 28, 2011 11:30PM THE FACTS: Joe Johnson  had 34 points, eight rebounds and seven assists to lead the Hawks to a 111-102 win over the Knicks Friday night in a testy game in Atlanta. New York's  Shawne Williams  and Atlanta's  Marvin Williams  were ejected with 43.7 seconds left in the game after apparently throwing punches at each other. One night after beating the Heat in New York, the Knicks were sluggish for two-plus quarters on the way to falling behind by as many as 24 points. They rallied to within six points a few times in the final five minutes of the game as All-Star starter  Amar'e Stoudemire  scored 27 points, but ultimately were done in by a 46-34 rebounding disadvantage (Stoudemire had just three) and by missing 16-of-22 3-point shots.  Josh Smith  scored 24 points and  Al Horford  added 19 points and 14 rebounds for the Hawks. The Knicks were aided by 21 points and 13 assists from  Raymond Felton . QUOTABLE:  "I know for a long time . . . I didn't throw a punch. He swung at me first; I don't know if he hit me or scratched me or what. I put my left hand up to protect my face, but I didn't swing, period. I really just backed back."    -- New York's Shawne Williams, who was making his second start of the season (in place of  Wilson Chandler , who did not play with a sore right calf). THE STAT:  10-2 -- the Hawks' record when Johnson registers seven or more assists. TURNING POINT:  With a modest four-point lead early in the second period, Atlanta scored on 13 of its next 17 possessions to expand a 30-26 edge to 58-41. The Hawks led 60-43 at halftime. QUOTABLE II:  "It was definitely a playoff atmosphere, and . . . we took care of business. Emotions were running high. It got kind of chippy."    -- Hawks forward Josh Smith. HOT:  Since missing two games with an ankle sprain, Horford has made 15-of-21 shots for 17 and 19 points while grabbing 10 and 14 rebounds in back-to-back games. . . . Hawks point guard Mike Bibby has not had a turnover in his past five games (156-plus minutes). . . . Felton's 13 assists gave him 42 over the past four games. NOT:  Playing in his hometown, Knicks reserve point guard  Toney Douglas  made two of 8 shots to leave him 4-for-20 in his past three games. . . . Felton has made just one of his past 16 3-point shots over a span of four games. He missed all four trey tries Friday. INSIDE THE ARENA:  The game was announced as a sellout (attendance 19,069) although there appeared to be at least 1,000 empty seats. The Knicks had plenty of fans in Philips Arena, and they were loud. That prompted Hawks coach  Larry Drew  to say, "It's a little disheartening when you're at home and you have so many fans cheering for the other team." . . . Former NBA player  Antonio Davis  visited several Hawks in their locker room after the game. . . . Horford stepped back between free throws with 4:24 left in the game and starting waving his arms to exhort the crowd on the Hawks' behalf. He said he grew tired of hearing the Knicks fans, many of whom apparently were offensive in their comments: "It didn't bother me the whole game. I didn't hear it until I was at the free throw line, and it was overwhelming. I was just trying to get our fans into it." Horford -- an 82 percent free throw shooter -- made the first free throw and missed the second. ROOKIE WATCH:  One night after an outstanding game as the Knicks beat the Heat, Knicks rookie guard  Landry Fields  scored 15 points and grabbed five rebounds with one assist. He made 7 of 9 shots, but was a little less active than usual after scoring 19 points with 13 rebounds and six assists against Miami. NOTABLE:  Atlanta's Marvin Williams -- who made his first start in more than three weeks after battling a back contusion -- was not made available to the media after the game. . . . The Hawks signed veteran forward  Damien Wilkins  for the rest of the season after having previously signing him to a pair of 10-day contracts. UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Sunday vs. Pistons, Wednesday vs. Mavs, Friday @ 76ers. For the Hawks, Saturday @ Mavs, Wednesday vs. Raptors, Friday vs. Clippers.  