Notebook: Kings 112, Jazz 102 
 
 
 Andrew Aragon, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Dec 08, 2013 2:08 AM - Updated Sun Dec 08, 2013 2:08 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Sacramento Kings snapped a six-game losing skid by beating the Utah Jazz in a battle of two of the NBA's worst teams.  
 
 THE LEAD:  Sacramento's experience in close games may be starting to pay off.  
    The Kings, who trailed by seven with less than three minutes remaining in regulation, rallied to force overtime and earned a 112-102 victory over Utah on Saturday night.  DeMarcus Cousins  had a game-high 28 points and  Isaiah Thomas  came off the bench to score 26 to lead Sacramento (5-13).  
    Seven of the Kings' previous eight games had been decided by seven points or less, and Sacramento didn't blink when the game looked grim in the fourth quarter. The Kings also looked a lot more comfortable than the Jazz (4-18) in overtime while taking advantage of the absence of Utah's fouled out and injured players.  
     Utah was without second-leading scorer and top rebounder  Derrick Favors  because of a sore back.  Gordon Hayward  picked up the slack to score a team-high 22 points for the Jazz. Rookie  Trey Burke  had the first double-double of his career with 19 points and a career-high 10 rebounds.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I wasn't having flashbacks, but the players were. And that's why I started burning those timeouts. It wasn't about what we were going to run on offense. It was me settling our players down, calming them down."  
 
 --Kings coach  Mike Malone  on how his team endured a 16-0 Jazz run in the fourth quarter 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Kings entered the game at second in the league in turnovers per game at 13.7. They continued their careful protection of the ball against the Jazz, committing just 10 turnovers in a game that included overtime.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Kings thoroughly dominated overtime, scoring the game's final 11 points.  Patrick Patterson  hit a go-ahead 3-pointer with 3:17 remaining to give Sacramento a 104-102 lead. Cousins and McLemore then hit back-to-back jumpers to put the Kings ahead by a comfortable margin. Thomas finished the scoring off with a transition layup and a couple free throws. The Jazz, meanwhile, went ice cold in the extra period, shooting 1-for-9 and going scoreless in the game's final 3:41.   
 
 HOT:  Sacramento was sizzling from the field in overtime, shooting 6-for-8. Cousins, after picking up two fouls in the first 90 seconds of the game and sitting most of the first half, regrouped and shot 10-for-15. He also collected seven rebounds and blocked three shots. Thomas, who leads the league in fourth quarter points, was unstoppable for much of the second half, scoring 23 of his points after the break.  
 
 NOT:  Kings veteran  John Salmons  played 28 minutes and shot 1-for-8.  Marcus Thornton , in Sacramento's playing rotation ahead of local Utah legend  Jimmer Fredette , shot 2-for-7 and scored four points in 15 minutes. Speaking of Fredette, he was the only Sacramento player to get a DNP-CD. Utah's guard players had an awful shooting night. Hayward, Burke,  Alec Burks  and  Diante Garrett  combined to shoot 18-for-53.   
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I just wanted to be aggressive and make plays. I feel when I am aggressive to score it opens up my passing lanes for my teammates to knock down some big shots."  
 
 --Kings guard Isaia h  Thomas on his play in the second half 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  The Kings, knowing the Jazz were without Favors and  Marvin Williams , attacked and exploited Jazz in the paint. Not only did they score 58 points in the paint, but they also drew fouls and made free throws. Sacramento racked up 38 foul-shot attempts and made 31 of them. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Without Favors and Williams, the Jazz needed their big men to step up and give them something. Instead, all they really gave them was a lot of fouls.  Jeremy Evans , who started in place of Favors, fouled out in 29 minutes. Center  Enes Kanter  fouled out in overtime. Reserve forward  Mike Harris  fouled out in less than 18 minutes of playing time.  
 
 NOTABLE : Burks struggled in overtime, but did have 19 points, scoring in double figures for the sixth straight game. ....The Kings avoided what would have been their first seven-game losing streak since April of 2012. ....The last time Utah had three players foul out of the same game was in a quadruple-overtime loss to Atlanta in March of 2012. ....The Kings' bench outscored the Jazz's 46-28.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Kings, Monday vs. Mavericks, Wednesday vs. Jazz, Friday @ Phoenix. For the Jazz, Monday vs. Trail Blazers, Wednesday @ Sacramento, Friday @ Denver. 
