  Notebook: Celtics 97, Rockets 92 Posted Wednesday March 7, 2012 12:11AM By Brian Robb, for NBA.com THE FACTS:   Paul Pierce  had seven of his game-high 30 points in overtime, as the Boston Celtics pulled out their fifth straight victory, 97-92 over the Houston Rockets. It was the second straight overtime victory for Boston and fourth straight overall at home. The sloppy back and forth affair featured inconsistent offense for both squads, with Houston squandering a 10-point lead over the final 5:33 in regulation. The visitors almost allowed Boston to steal a win in regulation, before sending the game to overtime where Pierce took over.  Ray Allen  also added 21 points for the victors, who are now just one game out of the Atlantic Division lead with a showdown against Philadelphia looming Wednesday night.  Luis Scola  had a double-double with 18 points and 14 rebounds for the Rockets as their slide continued in at the start of a long road trip. Houston has now dropped four straight games overall. QUOTABLE:  "We're starting to play good basketball and we're starting to win basketball games when we don't play good basketball, and that may be more important."   -- Celtics coach  Doc Rivers THE STAT:  Boston stole the home win despite being dominated on the glass 32-19 by the Rockets in the second half. TURNING POINT:  After a untimely eight-second violation by Pierce with 24 seconds remaining in overtime, the C's captain helped secure the win with a crucial steal on a  Kyle Lowry  pass on the ensuing possession. Ray Allen hit two free throws following the play to put Boston up five and clinch the win for the hosts. QUOTABLE II:  "We started doing the worst thing you can do on the road, just start playing the score as opposed to playing the game. We had rhythm going and then we just got too conservative trying to run the clock, trying to play perfect basketball. You just got to go play basketball."   -- Rockets coach  Kevin McHale  on the surrendering a double-digit fourth quarter lead HOT:   Chandler Parsons  -- The rookie out of Florida had one of his best halves of the season, hitting 5-for-6 shots before the intermission for 10 early points. NOT:  Lowry -- Point guards continue to have their struggles against Boston's vaunted defense. After slowing down  Jeremy Lin  Sunday,  Rajon Rondo  and the Celtics' defense made Lowry an inefficient scorer all night, forcing the veteran to miss 13 of his 17 field-goal attempts on the night. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:   Kevin Garnett  -- Four straight double-doubles for the 35-year-old power forward, as the defensive anchor finished with 13 points and 13 rebounds against the man who traded him from Minnesota to Boston in 2007. BAD MOVE:  Rondo blew an open-court layup with 13 seconds left in regulation and Boston clinging to a two-point lead, squandering an opportunity to clinch the game for his team. Instead,  Goran Dragic  (11 points) made the most of Houston's second chance to send the game the overtime by drilling an open jumper with three seconds remaining. ROOKIE WATCH:  Boston center  Greg Stiemsma  provided Boston's offense with a spark in the first half. The 26-year-old hit several long jumpers to finish with eight points in just 13 minutes of action, his best performance in weeks for the C's. NOTABLE:   Brandon Bass  left the game in the first quarter to have his left ankle re-taped. The power forward suffered the ankle injury against New York on Sunday. Rondo did not score after the first quarter. Garnett moved past  Shaquille O'Neal  into 12th place on the all-time NBA rebounding list with 13,000 rebounds overall. Boston improved to 2-7 against Western Conference opponents. Starting Rockets shooting guard  Kevin Martin  did not play in the fourth quarter or overtime. He finished with 11 points in 30 minutes. With the setback, Houston is just one game ahead of Minnesota for the eighth seed in the Western Conference. The Rockets shot just 25 percent (6-for-24) in the fourth quarter.  Samuel Dalembert  tied a season-high with 17 rebounds before fouling out in overtime. UP NEXT:  For the Rockets, Wednesday @ Toronto, Saturday @ New Jersey, Sunday @ Cleveland. For the Celtics, Wednesday @ Philadelphia, Friday vs. Portland, Sunday @ L.A. Lakers.  