  Notebook: Sixers 103, Wizards 90   By Rich Dubroff, for NBA.com Posted Saturday January 14, 2012 11:00PM THE FACTS: Lou Williams  had 24 points,  Andre Iguodala  added a season-high 23 and  Thaddeus Young  tied a season-high with 18 to lead the Philadelphia 76ers to a 103-90 win over the woeful Washington Wizards on Saturday night. Philadelphia, which improved to 9-3, has won eight of its last nine games, and swept the home-and-home series with Washington, losers of 11 of 12. The Sixers outscored the Wizards 29-14 in the second half, and easily held Washington off in the second half. The Wizards were led by  Nick Young , who scored a season-high 27 and  JaVale McGee , who had a season-high 23 points and tied a career-high with 18 rebounds. QUOTABLE:  "The first half looked like Space Jam where everyone lost their talents, and couldn't do anything there for a while."  --  Washington coach  Flip Saunders  on his team's rocky performance. THE STAT:  The Wizards'  John Wall  nearly had a bizarre quadruple-double. Wall had 19 points, tied a season-high with nine assists, and season highs in rebounds (nine) and turnovers (eight.) Wall had seven turnovers in the first half. "I feel like I lost the game," Wall said. TURNING POINT:  In the second quarter, the Sixers outscored Washington 29-14. The Wizards missed 16 of 22 shots. Washington has scored fewer than 20 points in 20 quarters out of a possible 48. QUOTABLE II:  "We don't have a superstar, some would say, so we don't get those foul calls, the whistles as much as the teams that do have one, so we have to do the little things right."  --  Iguodola on his team's balanced scoring. HOT:  McGee shot a sizzling 11-for-13 from the field. He'd like to get more attention for his play, but it's not happening. "Whenever you're losing, it's hard to get things of that nature: all-star and players of the year, defensive, most improved, stuff like that. It just doesn't come to players that are losing, but I mean, just whatever," McGee said. NOT:  The Wizards'  Rashard Lewis  was just 1-for-10 from the field. GOOD MOVE:  Philadelphia coach  Doug Collins  played Young 31 minutes and he delivered with 18 points. On Friday,  Jodie Meeks  tied his career high with 26 on 10-for-11 shooting.  BAD MOVE:  Saunders started  Chris Singleton  and  Trevor Booker  for the fourth straight time, and they shot just 3-for-12. Combined with Lewis' 1-for-10, Washington forwards shot just 4-for-22. NOTABLE:  Philadelphia held its opponent to fewer than 100 for the ninth straight game, and has won each of its nine games by at least eight points. IN THE ARENA:  Wizards' forward  Andray Blatche  missed his third straight game with a sprained right shoulder, and Saunders said there was no timetable for his return. NEXT:  Sixers: Monday vs. Bucks, Wednesday vs. Nuggets, Friday vs. Hawks. Wizards: Monday vs. Rockets, Wednesday vs. Thunder, Friday vs. Nuggets  