  Notebook: Bulls 89, Celtics 80 Posted Thursday February 16, 2012 11:48PM By Kent McDill, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  In a game of streaks, the host Chicago Bulls outlasted the Boston Celtics, 89-80. The Celtics led by eight in the first quarter, the Bulls charged back to lead by 16 in the third quarter and then the Celtics took a two--point lead in the fourth quarter. The Bulls went on a 20-6 run to secure the win. The Bulls were led by  Carlos Boozer  and  Luol Deng  with 23 points each.  Kevin Garnett  led the Celtics with 18 points and 10 rebounds. THE STAT:  The Bulls had three players with double-doubles. Boozer had 23 points and 15 rebounds, Deng had 10 assists to go with his 10 points and  Joakim Noah  had 15 points and 16 rebounds. QUOTABLE:  "We tied it at 69 and then let up some on offense."    -- Boston coach  Doc Rivers TURNING POINT:  With the score tied at 69, the Bulls scored 12 straight points. Deng and Boozer contributed two baskets each. HOT:  Noah has averaged 16 points and 12 rebounds in his last five games. NOT:   Ray Allen  was zero for five from the field in the first half as part of a three-game 4-of-19 stretch. He came back to hit three 3-pointers in the second half. GOOD MOVE:  When starting point guard  C.J. Watson  got his third foul in the second quarter, Bulls coach  Tom Thibodeau  skipped over  John Lucas III  and called on recent D-League callup  Mike James . James had eight points and four assists in 17 minutes before fouling out while bothering Celtics point guard  Rajon Rondo . QUOTABLE II:  "Rondo is a load to deal with. I thought Mike battled him tough."    -- Thibodeau on using James INJURY REPORT:  Bulls guard  Derrick Rose  missed his fourth straight game because of back pain. Thibodeau said Rose and  Rip Hamilton  (thigh bruise) are day-to-day. Garnett played after missing Wednesday' game against Detroit with a hip flexor, NOTABLE:  The Bulls are 7-2 without Rose in the lineup this season. INSIDE THE ARENA:  During a first quarter timeout, Bulls mascot Benny stood behind Bulls forward  Brian Scalabrine  with a sign that read "He's ours and you can't have him back." Scalabrine was a very popular member of the Celtics before joining the Bulls last season. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Saturday vs. Nets, Monday vs. Hawks, Wednesday Vs. Bucks. For the Celtics, Sunday @ Pistons, Monday at Mavericks, Wednesday at Thunder.  