  Notebook: Celtics 94, Wizards 86   By Rich Dubroff, for NBA.com Posted Sunday January 1, 2012 10:20PM THE FACTS: Rajon Rondo  had a triple-double with 18 points, 14 assists and 11 rebounds and  Kevin Garnett  had 24 points and nine rebounds to lead the Boston Celtics over the Washington Wizards 94-86 on Sunday night. It was Boston's second straight win after three losses. Washington has lost all four of its games. The teams meet Monday night in Boston. John Wall  had 19 points,  Nick Young  had 18 points and  JaVale McGee  had 16 points and 14 rebounds for the Wizards. QUOTABLE:  "I didn't even know that. I just knew he played great. He was sensational all night. He had one of those nights -- he had this last year in stretches-- where he just called a good game, you know, like he's a great catcher. He called a terrific game tonight."­  --  Celtics' coach  Doc Rivers  on Rondo's triple-double. THE STAT:  It was Rondo's 14th career triple-double?eight in the regular season, six in the post-season. His 14 assists were one fewer than the Wizards' 15. TURNING POINT:  The Wizards cut a 17-point halftime deficit to seven with 2:32 left in the third quarter. The Celtics increased their lead to 13 at the end of the quarter. QUOTABLE II:  "Not every night I'm going to be making my shots....Just pick your poison. If they [go under screens], I'll continue to shoot. If they don't, the strongest part of my game is getting to the hole."  -  Rondo on his game. HOT:  Rondo was seven for 10 in the field. It was the third time in five games Rondo had more than 10 assists. NOT:  According to head coach  Flip Saunders , the Wizards missed nine shots from within four feet, and 14 of 16 from 3-point range. GOOD MOVE:  Rondo and Garnett were a veritable two-man offense, and the point guard kept looking for Garnett. His 24 points was easily the most he's scored in the first five games. BAD MOVE:   Andray Blatche  continued to be invisible, scoring 10 points, but allowing Boston's front line to have its way. He quickly left the locker room without comment. NOTABLE:  Washington's 0-4 start is the second time in the last four years they've started with four straight losses. In 2008-09, they began with five straight. IN THE ARENA:  Wizards' forward  Jan Vesely , who has yet to play due to a sore right hip, walked around the locker room with a white jacket and white shoes. No one has yet to tell Vesely, a recent arrival from the Czech Republic that it's a fashion faux pas to wear white after Labor Day. UP NEXT:  Celtics: Monday vs. Wizards, Wednesday vs. Nets, Friday vs. Pacers. Wizards: Monday @ Celtics, Wednesday @ Magic, Friday vs. Knicks  