  Wolves-Jazz notebook   By Andrew Aragon, for NBA.com Posted Saturday January 29, 2011 12:25AM THE FACTS:   Paul Millsap  had 30 points and  Andrei Kirilenko  scored a season-high 27 points as the Utah Jazz snapped a six-game losing streak by beating the Minnesota Timberwolves 108-100 on Friday night.  Earl Watson , starting in place of the injured  Deron Williams , had his first double-double of the season with 10 points and 13 assists. For the Timberwolves,  Kevin Love  recorded his 32nd straight double-double and 41st of the season with 22 points and 15 rebounds. QUOTABLE:  "I'm so old D-Will doesn't need to give me any advice. He realizes that."   -- The 31-year-old Jazz guard Earl Watson on not getting advice from Deron Williams before making his first start of the season. THE STAT:  The Jazz recorded a season-high 20 steals against a sloppy Minnesota offense. The steals were a part of 25 turnovers committed by the Timberwolves, which Utah converted into 30 points. TURNING POINT:  The Jazz finally pulled way from the Timberwolves in the fourth quarter with a 7-0 mini-run to take a 99-91 lead. There was nothing spectacular about the spurt, as  C.J. Miles  hit a free throw, Millsap made two foul shots,  Al Jefferson  had a layup and Kirilenko sank a 20-foot jumper. Utah looked to have the game in control when  Ronnie Price  hit a 3-pointer to make it 90-79, but Minnesota scored nine straight points to get back in the game. QUOTABLE II:  "When you've lost six straight, the most important thing is we won the game. We need everyone to play well for us to be able to get a win with D-Will out and some guys getting banged up."   -- Jazz coach  Jerry Sloan HOT:  Kirilenko torched the Timberwolves by slashing to the basket and getting close-range looks. He shot 10-for-13 and scored 16 of his points in the paint. Millsap, who shot 14-for-25, hit a 15-foot jumper to give the Jazz a 105-100 lead with 46.5 seconds left in the game. The Timberwolves shot 40 percent from 3-point range. NOT:  Love's double-double streak seemed to be in jeopardy at halftime, as he had just four points and six rebounds in the first half.  Raja Bell , who hasn't scored more than five points in seven straight games, continued to struggle with his shooting touch as he shot 1-for-8. Jefferson struggled against his old team, shooting 3-for-14 and scoring eight points before fouling out. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Millsap repaid his fantasy owners by rebounding from a lackluster game against San Antonio on Wednesday in a big way. Millsap, who had just eight points and three rebounds against the Spurs, had his best game since Jan. 8 when he scored 27 points against the Rockets. It was just the third time he scored at least 30 points this season, and he also had eight rebounds and a career-high six steals. ROOKIE WATCH:  Timberwolves rookie  Wesley Johnson  could have been mistaken for  Vinnie Johnson  (The Microwave) with the way he heated up against the Jazz. He scored 14 of his 19 points in the first half on 6-for-9 shooting. He scored 19 points while playing just 27 minutes. NOTABLE:  Jazz center  Mehmet Okur  reaggravated a lower back injury in the first half and did not return. It was the first time the Jazz won the first quarter (32-25 on Friday) since they last won a game -- against Cleveland two weeks ago.  Michael Beasley  had his fifth double-double of the season with 16 points and 11 rebounds. Minnesota has lost six straight games and is 2-22 on the road. UP NEXT:  For the Timberwolves, Saturday vs. Raptors, Wednesday vs. Grizzlies, Friday @ Toronto. For the Jazz, Sunday @ Golden State, Monday vs. Bobcats, Wednesday vs. Rockets.  