  Notebook: Thunder 95, Hornets 85   By Larry Holder, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday January 11, 2012 11:15PM THE FACTS:   Kevin Durant  cruised with a game-high 29 points and 10 rebounds as the Oklahoma City Thunder toppled the New Orleans Hornets 95-85 on Wednesday night at the New Orleans Arena. The Thunder have won five consecutive games, but the most impressive aspect is that Oklahoma City has won five games in six days. QUOTABLE:  "It was cool that we played good against San Antonio and Houston and was able to get some rest through the fourth quarter and throughout the game. It kind of let us cruise out in these last two. It's a good thing to get five wins. We have to keep pushing."   -- Kevin Durant on how the Thunder maintained winning basketball through such a tough stretch. THE STAT:  Durant and Thunder guard  Russell Westbrook  combined to shoot 20 of 37 from the floor for a combined 51 points. The Thunder can typically win if just one of their two superstar players have solid nights shooting. There's not many teams who can pull of a win over Oklahoma City if both All-Stars shoot well. TURNING POINT:  Thunder guard  James Harden  may have struggled from the floor only connecting on three of his 10 shots, but he single handedly brought a tired Thunder squad back into the game. Early in the second quarter, Harden scored eight straight points to help swing the momentum to Oklahoma City. QUOTABLE II:  "Guys have really done a good job of getting their rest when they need it, but the schedule is like this for everybody. Everybody is going to have to embrace that challenge. You just have to pick your spots. Work them when you need to work them."   -- Thunder coach  Scott Brooks  on how to handle the more grueling NBA schedule. HOT:  The Hornets big men  Chris Kaman  and  Carl Landry  continue put solid games together for the depleted team. Kaman had 17 points and nine rebounds on 8-for-16 shooting, while Landry added 17 points off the bench on 7-for-13 from the floor. It's curious why Hornets coach  Monty Williams  didn't play Kaman more down the stretch as Kaman sat the final eight minutes of the fourth quarter. NOT:  The Hornets' 3-point shooting was absolutely dreadful against the Thunder going 1-for-16 from beyond the arc. New Orleans was barely shooting more than 30 percent from 3-point land entering Wednesday's game. So it's not like the Hornets were consistent coming into the Oklahoma City game. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Saints running back  Mark Ingram  and defensive end  Cam Jordan  were late arrivers, but sat courtside at Wednesday night's Hornets-Thunder game. Ingram was on crutches after having season-ending toe surgery last week. NOTABLE:  Hornets guard  Eric Gordon  still possibly a couple of weeks away from returning from a knee injury as he didn't play Wednesday. Gordon is also away from the team because of a death in his family. ... Hornets forward  Trevor Ariza  and guard  Xavier Henry  won't play against Oklahoma City. Williams said he doesn't know when Ariza (groin) will be back, while Henry (ankle) is still at least a week away from returning. ... The Hornets were also without forward  Jason Smith  (death in family). ... Williams said all of the fouls New Orleans committed in the first half were shooting fouls and he's never seen that before. He implied that he didn't particularly agree "with the whistle." UP NEXT:  For the Thunder, Saturday vs. New York, Monday @ Boston, Wednesday @ Washington. For the Hornets, Friday vs. Minnesota, Saturday @ Memphis, Monday vs. Portland.  