Notebook: Pistons 107, Celtics 106 
 
 
 Brian Robb, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Thu Dec 19, 2013 12:08 AM - Updated Thu Dec 19, 2013 12:08 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Celtics scored 42 points in the first quarter, a season-high in a quarter for them this year.  
 
 THE LEAD:   Jeff Green  missed a contested runner as time expired, as the Detroit Pistons held off the Boston Celtics for a 107-106 win.  Brandon Jennings  stole the show with a game-high 28 points and 14 assists, while  Josh Smith  added 12 of his 20 points in the second half, as the Pistons fought back from the 21-point deficit for the victory.  Jared Sullinger  had a team-high 19 points in the setback, as the Celtics dropped their second game against Detroit this season.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I thought our second half was obviously better than the first half. The first quarter, number one, our energy was low. We picked our energy up, got back in the game, went in the locker room down 11 and our energy picked up in the 3rd quarter. I thought we made plays, got our defense back, got set a little bit and that changed the game for us." 
 - Pistons' head coach  Maurice Cheeks 
 
 
 THE STAT:   The 28 points and 14 assists posted by Jennings were the highest totals in both categories posted by a Celtics' opponent this season.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  After a clutch 3-pointer from Sullinger in the final minute, Jennings returned the favor, burying his fifth 3-pointer of the night, despite being well covered by  Avery Bradley  on the wing.  The crucial basket ultimately proved to be the game-winner.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "30 points off turnovers is not going to do you much good.  I think it's easy to -- it's easy for all of us, myself included, to be really focused on 'we had a 19-point lead and didn't win the game,' but we got out-played for 36 minutes.  And in a 48-minute game, that's usually a bad sign." 
 -- Brad Stevens' on the Celtics' woes after the first quarter 
 
 
 HOT:   Bradley -- The fourth-year guard continues to carry Boston's offense early in games. For the second straight contest, Bradley scored 10 points in the first quarter on 4-of-6 shooting.   
 
 NOT:  Jordan Crawford   -- After a strong start to the season, Crawford has cooled off considerably recently. He missed 11 of his 15 shots on Wednesday night, and has shot just 33.8 percent during his past five games, including a dismal 20 percent from beyond the arc.   
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:   Andre Drummond  -- The seven-footer put together his 19th double-double of the season against Boston, tallying 14 points and 16 rebounds in 38 minutes. Those 19 double-doubles rank third in the NBA in that category for the year, behind just  Kevin Love  and  Chris Paul .  
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:   Kentavious Caldwell-Pope  -- It was a productive night for the 20-year-old guard out of Georgia. Caldwell-Pope made four of his seven shots for nine points and added a pair of steals in 27 minutes.   
 
 NOTABLE:   Chauncey Billups  returned to action after sitting out Monday's win against the Pacers with a sore left knee. He scored six points off the bench. ... Courtney Lee  addressed his involvement in trade rumors before the game. "It's part of the game," Lee continued, "It happens. I've been involved in trade rumors my whole career so I don't pay attention until it happens." ... The victory was Detroit's biggest comeback win of the season. ... Seven Celtics scored in double-digits. ... Detroit has now won three of their last four games. ...Lee scored all 10 of his points in the fourth quarter. ...The Celtics had won five of their past six games at the TD Garden.   
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Celtics, Saturday vs. Washington, Sunday @ Indiana, Saturday vs. Cleveland. For the Pistons, Friday vs. Charlotte, Saturday vs. Houston, Monday @ Cleveland.  
