  Hawks-Heat notebook   By Shandel D. Richardson, for NBA.com Posted Saturday December 4, 2010 11:08PM THE FACTS:  The Miami Heat defeated the Atlanta Hawks 89-77 Saturday at AmericanAirlines Arena. Forward  Chris Bosh  led all scorers with 27 points and 10 rebounds.  Al Horford  led the Hawks with 22 points and nine rebounds. Miami led by as many as 17, but was able to withstand a late charge by the Hawks. The Heat (13-8) have now won four straight, snapping the Hawks' five-game winning streak. QUOTABLE:  "You talk about toughness from adversity, well that shows up in a game like this.You start to develop a little bit more toughness, a little more resolve. That happens when you do have tough times." -  Heat coach  Erik Spoelstra  said of recovering from the early-season struggles THE STAT:  The Heat's Big Three of Bosh,  LeBron James  and  Dwyane Wade  combined for 75 of the 89 points. Miami's bench only scored 12 points, but it wasn't needed because of the strong production from the core of the starting lineup. TURNING POINT:  The Hawks had trimmed the lead to 74-72 late in the fourth quarter, but the Heat turned up the defensive pressure. It resulted in a 10-0 run that ended any chances of a comeback. The keys during the spurt were a blocked shot by  Joel Anthony and steal by Dwyane Wade. Included in the run was a thunderous dunk by James  that ignited the crowd. QUOTABLE II : "I think all three of us are starting to feel comfortable with our roles. "We're starting to understand what it takes to win some games."  -  Wade on  the team's improved chemistry. HOT:  Bosh has arguably been the Heat's most consistent player during this winning streak. He shot 12 of 22 from the field in 39 minutes. His play of late should silence those who criticized him during the early portion of the season. NOT:  Maurice Evans was unspectacular in replacing injured guard Joe Johnson in the starting lineup. Evans was just 1 of 6 from field and struggled when defending Wade. His play must improve quickly considering Johnson is out at least a month after undergoing elbow surgery earlier this week. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  James didn't have a solid night shooting (5 of 11 from the field), but was 11 of 13 from the foul line. He also had seven rebounds and four assists. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Rapper Birdman and DJ Khaled sat courtside. GOOD MOVE:  Spoelstra has been emphasizing pushing the ball more so the Heat can score in transition. That proved to be the difference. With the Hawks making a game of it late, Miami was able to shift gears and score more in transition. Spoelstra now allows point guard Carlos Arroyo and Mario Chalmers to bring the ball up. It leaves James and Wade on the wing, which provides more scoring opportunities for them. BAD MOVE:  The Hawks fell behind to early and faced double-digit deficits most of the way until making the run near end of the third quarter. It was just too much for them overcome, especially playing without their leading scorer. NOTABLE:  The Heat are five games above .500 for the first time this season. UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Monday @ Milwaukee, Wednesday @ Utah, Friday @ Golden State. For the Hawks, Monday @ Orlando, Tuesday vs. New Jersey, Friday @ San Antonio.  