  Cavaliers-Sixers notebook   By Brian Dulik, for NBA.com Posted Sunday February 27, 2011 9:08PM THE FACTS:  Shooting guard  Jodie Meeks  scored all 14 of his points in the second half, including a critical 3-pointer with 3:43 left, leading the Philadelphia 76ers to a 95-91 victory over the Cleveland Cavaliers. Cleveland center  J.J. Hickson  led everyone with 22 points and 16 rebounds, but made a critical turnover with 13 seconds remaining that realistically ended any comeback hopes. QUOTABLE:  "Jodie Meeks was our ace of spades today and this was a good win for us -- four straight and we're going home now to play three in a row."   -- Philadelphia coach  Doug Collins . THE STAT:  Meeks and point guard  Jrue Holiday  missed all six of their shots in the first half and failed to score for the 76ers. In the third quarter, they went 8-for-9 from the field for 18 points. Philadelphia's starting backcourt finished with 27 points on 10-for-20 shooting to outscore Cavaliers counterparts  Ramon Sessions  and  Anthony Parker  by five. TURNING POINT:  Cleveland coach  Byron Scott  called a timeout after his team had cut its deficit to 91-88 with 30 seconds left. Collins, however, anticipated the play that had been called and would not allow Sessions or  Daniel Gibson  to get a clean look. The ball wound up in Hickson's hands, but not for long, as  Thaddeus Young  stripped him and drew a foul. QUOTABLE II:  "When we were 3-13, we would have found a way to lose this ballgame. I told our guys that."   -- Collins. QUOTABLE III:  "It's not about winning two games in a row. We're working on winning, period."   -- Cavaliers power forward  Samardo Samuels . HOT:  Hickson notched his seventh double-double in the last eight games and is averaging 18.8 points, 12.9 rebounds and 1.63 blocked shots during that timeframe. The third-year pro now has 16 double-doubles in 2010-2011 and has upped his season averages to 12.6 points and 7.9 boards. NOT:  Cavaliers power forward  Antawn Jamison  suffered a grotesquely fractured left pinky finger when he was fouled on the hand by Holiday. Jamison left Quicken Loans Arena with his two small fingers heavily taped, along with his left wrist, and will undergo further medical tests today. GOOD MOVE:  Collins kept defenders in the face of Cleveland's red-hot three-point shooters. The strategy worked as the Cavaliers missed 10 of their first 12 attempts, including a combined 1-for-8 start by Gibson and Parker -- both of whom rank among the top 13 in NBA history in the category. BAD MOVE:  76ers small forward  Andre Iguodala  mistimed his fast-break dunk attempt in the fourth period. He banged the basketball squarely off the front of the rim, much to the delight of the home crowd. Iguodala's entire game was forgettable with six points and three turnovers. NOTABLE:  Just minutes before Jamison was injured, Philadelphia power forward  Elton Brand  dislocated his right pinky finger, but continued to play. "E.B. has been our guy the whole year, so that didn't surprise me," Collins said. Brand finished with 16 points, eight rebounds and two rejections...Sessions had 20 points and a game-high 10 rebounds, but again had his pocket picked at crunch time...New Cavaliers guard  Baron Davis , who was held out of the game by Scott, said he chose to wear No. 85 because he "grew up on 85th Street." Davis previously sported No. 5 and No. 1, but they are already used by Cleveland players  Ryan Hollins  and Gibson, respectively...Collins coached the Eastern Conference team in 1997 when the NBA All-Star Game was held in Cleveland. UP NEXT:  For the 76ers, Tuesday vs. Dallas, Friday vs. Minnesota, Sunday vs. Golden State. For the Cavaliers, Wednesday vs. San Antonio, Friday at New York, Sunday vs. New Orleans.  