  Magic-Bulls notebook   By Kent McDill, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday December 1, 2010 11:43PM THE FACTS : Led by the backcourt of  Vince Carter  (22 points) and  Jameer Nelson  (24 points) the Orlando Magic stormed the host Bulls on the way to a 107-78 blowout victory. The Magic won its fifth straight game.  Dwight Howard  had 13 points and 12 rebounds, and the Magic outrebounded the Bulls 44-21, getting as many offensive rebounds as the Bulls got defensive rebounds (14).  Joakim Noah , the No. 2 rebounder in the league, led the Bulls in scoring with 16 points but had zero rebounds to 25 minutes of playing time. QUOTABLE:  "I thought it was our best win of the year. If you look at what they have done, even the losses they have had, at Boston in overtime, at San Antonio in a competitive game, at the Lakers in a competitive game, at Denver by one with Rose out, this team has played extremely well. For us to come in here and do this on the second night of a back-to-back, I thought it was our best win." --  Orlando coach  Stan Van Gundy. THE STAT:  The Bulls set a team record for fewest rebounds in a game with 21. The previous low was 25 set back in 2002. THE STAT II:  The Magic went 23 for 24 from the free throw line, making more free throws than the Bulls attempted (14 for 21). TURNING POINT:  The Magic outscored the Bulls 33-15 in the second quarter, getting eight points and four rebounds from reserve forward  Brandon Bass . They led at halftime 61-37 and the Bulls got no closer than 16 points the rest of the game. HOT:  Nelson had himself a night, making eight of 11 shots, including all three 3s he attempted, was five for five from the free throw line, had nine assists and four rebounds, which is the most rebounds any member of the Bulls had. NOT:  The Bulls' starters had seven rebounds total in the game, and only one offensive board, that by guard Keith Bogans. BAD MOVE:  Inserting  Carlos Boozer  into the starting lineup for the first time this season after two days of practice at home did nothing for the Bulls' offense. He appeared out of position for most of the Bulls' set plays, and finished with five points and two rebounds in 21 minutes. NOTABLE:  The loss was the second double-digit defeat for the Bulls this season and the first since the season opener at Oklahoma City. QUOTABLE II:  "We are a transition team first and a half-court team second, but when you are taking the ball out of the net, it's tough to get into transition.'' --  Bulls forward  Carlos Boozer.  The Magic shot 49 percent from the field and 96 percent from the free throw line. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, at Boston Friday, vs. Houston Saturday, vs. Oklahoma City Monday. For the Magic, @ Detroit Friday, @ Milwaukee Saturday, vs. Atlanta Monday.  