  Notebook: Jazz 105, Nets 84 Posted Monday March 26, 2012 11:23PM By Adam Figman, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Somehow, someway, the Jazz seem to be breaking through everything we were taught to believe about body fatigue. After winning three out of four games in six nights ? a run that ended Sunday night with a four-overtime loss in Atlanta ? they traveled north to New Jersey for yet another tilt, and, seemingly unaffected by exhaustion, defeated the Nets by a score of 105-84. Led by an ever-reliable frontcourt of  Paul Millsap  (24 points, 13 rebounds) and  Al Jefferson  (19 points, eight rebounds), the Jazz followed up a sloppy first quarter by grabbing a lead early in the second, and then proceeded to hold onto it tightly from there out. The victory brings their record to 26-23, tied with the Rockets and Nuggets for the seventh and eighth playoff spots in the West. With the exception of a late third quarter-run that bled into the fourth and cut the Jazz's advantage to three points, the Nets were almost entirely flat, as if they were the ones who played 68 minutes of basketball and then traveled 871 miles less than 24 hours before tip-off. The one exception:  Gerald Green , who brought both energy and efficiency, scoring 20 points off 7-for-14 from the field and 4-for-8 from behind the 3-point line. The loss was the Nets' sixth in their last seven games. QUOTABLE:  "We're resilient, you know? We learn from mistakes. Today I think was more of a mental thing than a physical thing. Obviously we're tired, but to be able to go through and still get a win, playing the way we did -- came out aggressive, came out right away -- just shows you where this team is going."  --  Nets point guard   Devin Harris. THE STAT:  All of the Nets' shooting percentages: 35.8 percent from the field, 23.8 percent from three, 60.0 percent from the free throw line. Credit their lack of cohesion as a unit or the stifling Jazz defense, but no matter the cause, those figures simply won't cut it within almost any professional basketball context. TURNING POINT:  The Nets were threatening early in the fourth, when they cut down Utah's lead significantly, but the Jazz responded well, immediately pushing their breathing space back into double digits. HOT:  The Jazz. Even given a rough loss to the Hawks Sunday night, they've now defeated eight of their last 10 opponents, positioning themselves in the thick of the race for postseason positioning in a tough Western Conference. NOT:   Kris Humphries . Millsap simply dominated the Nets big man, holding him to two points (0-for-6 shooting); the only two points Humphries put in came from the free throw line. ...  MarShon Brooks'  run into the rookie wall continued, as he went for 10 points off just 3-for-10 shooting. QUOTABLE II:  "The old Jazz would've put our head down and let them gotten away with the game. But just to show you how well we're playing right now -- to bounce back from last night and when they made their run and cut it to three, we still stayed with what we were doing and took over the game and controlled the game -- that shows you how much we've grown as a team."  --  Jefferson. QUOTABLE III:  "I didn't like the way that we finished the game. ... We didn't show quite the professionalism and character that I would have liked."  --  Nets head coach  Avery Johnson , on the game's conclusion. GOOD MOVE:  Jazz head coach  Tyler Corbin  didn't give his starters a full workload -- none of them spent more than 33 minutes on the floor -- but did provide his main guys with just enough playing time to get the job done. NOTABLE:  The Jazz outscored the Nets 58-44 in the paint, and put in 16 second-chance points as opposed to the Nets' nine. ... Utah's biggest lead was 23, which they held late in the fourth. ... New Jersey rookie  Jordan Williams  scored a career-high 13 points. UP NEXT:  For the Nets, Wednesday vs. Indiana, Friday @ Golden State, Saturday @ Sacramento. For the Jazz, Wednesday @ Boston, Friday vs. Sacramento, Saturday @ L.A. Clippers.  