Notebook: Kings 121, Suns 112 
 
 
 James Ham, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Mar 09, 2013 1:39 AM - Updated Sat Mar 09, 2013 1:39 AM 
 
 THE FACTS : Coming off a pair of tight losses, the Sacramento Kings outlasted the Phoenix Suns tonight by the final of 121-112 at Sleep Train Arena. 
 Four Kings scored 22 or more points, led by point guard  Isaiah Thomas  who ran circles around the Suns. Thomas scored a game-high 27 points on 8-for-13 shooting and kicked in six assists in the win. The only thing that could stop  DeMarcus Cousins  tonight was foul trouble. The Kings starting center scored 22 points, grabbed 14 rebounds and dished out seven assists.  Tyreke Evans  added 25 points and five assists, while  Marcus Thornton  continued his strong play off the bench, scoring 23 points, including 10 in the fourth quarter. 
 The Suns finished with six players scoring in double-figures.  Goran Dragic  ran the show, scoring 17 points and handing out a game-high 16 assists.  Michael Beasley  dropped in 24 points off the bench and  Wesley Johnson  added 19 in a surprise start, but it wasn't enough for the Suns, who drop to 21-41 on the season.    
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I can tell you this -  Mark (Mastrov)  told me before, he came in second once in the Golden State Warriors transaction. He didn't like that feeling and I don't believe he's going to come up short here in Sacramento."  --  Sacramento mayor  Kevin Johnson  on  Mark Mastrov's  bid to purchase the Kings and keep them in Sacramento  
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Kings shot 54.9 percent from the floor and finished the night with 30 assists.   
 
 TURNING POINT:  This game was close all the way down the stretch, but the Kings long-range shooting in the fourth was the decider.  Thornton and Evans each hit a pair of long balls, as the Kings went 4-for-5 from behind the arc in the deciding fourth quarter. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "Guys were playing with confidence.  Guys were playing unselfishly and for the most part, guys were knocking down shots."   --  Isaiah Thomas on the strong offensive night by a variety of Kings . 
 
 
 HOT:  Cousins shook off a pair of rough games, scoring 18 points on 7-for-8 shooting, grabbing seven rebounds and handing out three assists - all before halftime.  The Suns had now answer for the Kings' big man.  
 
 NOT:  After a two week stretch where he could do no wrong, veteran wing  John Salmons  scored just two points on 1-for-5 shooting tonight on his home floor.  
 
 GOOD MOVE:  The Kings had a major size advantage in this game that they used to perfection.  When the Suns collapsed the lane on Cousins, he hit his perimeter players who knocked down 48.1 percent of their 3-point baskets.  
 
 BAD MOVE:  Thomas was on fire tonight, but sat all but three minutes of the fourth quarter while coach  Keith Smart  went to  Tony Douglas .  
 
 NOTABLE:  Four Sacramento Kings scored 20 or more points tonight, led by Thomas' 27.  The last time the Kings had four players score 20-points or more was January 16, 2009 against the Milwaukee Bucks. Dragic handed out 16 of the Suns 33 assists tonight, two short of his career-high. Wesley Johnson started his first game of the year for the Suns, scoring a season-high 19 points in the loss.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Suns, Saturday vs. Rockets, Monday vs. Denver, Wednesday @ Hawks. For the Kings, Sunday vs. Bucks, Wednesday vs. Bulls, Sunday @ Lakers.  
