Notebook: Warriors 102, Pelicans 101 
 
 
 Bradley Handwerger, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Nov 26, 2013 11:35 PM - Updated Tue Nov 26, 2013 11:35 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  Golden State extended its win streak over New Orleans to five games, the longest stretch of consecutive wins against the Pelicans. 
 
 THE LEAD:   Golden State's bench watched as New Orleans'  Eric Gordon  launched a 3-pointer from the corner in front of them, just one second remaining. 
 And they watched as the shot lipped out, preserving the Warriors' 102-101 over the Pelicans, snapping New Orleans' four-game home win streak in the process. 
 
 Klay Thompson  scored 22 points and had eight assists and  Stephen Curry  added 16 points, nine assists and eight rebounds to pace the Warriors (9-6), who won for the first time since Nov. 18. 
 The storyline was almost different. The Pelicans (6-8) were down 15 before mounting a comeback in front of what turned into a loud and interested crowd. 
 
 Anthony Davis , quiet for much of the game, became a force in the final five minutes despite playing with four fouls. It began when he forced Curry to lob the ball out of bounds. 
 After a  Jrue Holiday  jumper, Davis' two-handed slam tied the game at 93-93.  
 As it had all game, Golden State responded.  Jermaine O'Neal  hit an 11-foot turnaround jumper and Thompson followed with a long 3-pointer and the Warriors grabbed the momentum right back. 
 A Davis alley-oop and free throw pulled New Orleans to within one point with 2:25 to play, and then Davis' putback on a  Tyreke Evans  miss gave the Pelicans a chance with 47 seconds to play. 
 O'Neal missed a five-foot jump shot on the other end that set up the final 22 seconds and Gordon's missed attempt in front of the Warriors' bench. 
 Davis finished with 14 points and 11 rebounds while  Ryan Anderson  led New Orleans with 21 points and 12 boards. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "These games are character builders for us because we're trying to do something special. And not every game is going to be easy for us. We got off to a great hot start, we beat everybody by 10, 15 points every single night and it was kind of a reality check the last three games."  
 -- Jermaine O'Neal 
 
 
 THE STAT:  4 -- The number of 3-pointers Golden State hit in the fourth quarter, one more than the Pelicans made in the final 12 minutes. It ended up being the difference in Tuesday night's game. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  New Orleans broke out of its normal post-halftime malaise and went on a 21-10 run to begin the third quarter. But after a long Gordon jumper, Thompson drilled a 3-pointer to tie the game at 70-70. After an Evans turnover,  Harrison Barnes  dunked the Warriors back into the lead. Golden State would trail for only a total of a minute and a half the rest of the game. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "All those 'my bad plays' just added up tonight." 
 -- Pelicans coach  Monty Williams 
 
 
 HOT:   Golden State's O'Neal missed the four games prior to Tuesday night with a bruised right knee and a right groin strain. He re-acquainted himself nicely, though, beginning the game 7-for-7 from the floor.  He finished 9-for-12, setting a season high for points and made baskets. He also set a season high with eight rebounds. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Golden Stat's Thompson tied his season high with eight assists. ... The Pelicans have had a bench player score 14-plus points in 12 of 14 games this season. ... New Orleans' Anderson has made a 3-pointer in four of five appearances this season and registered his first double-double this season. ... The Warriors'  Draymond Green  set his season best with three blocks.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Pelicans, Friday @ Philadelphia, Sunday @ New York, Monday @ Chicago. For the Warriors, Wednesday @ Dallas, Friday @ Oklahoma City, Sunday @ Sacramento. 
