  Pacers-Clippers notebook   By Dan Arritt, for NBA.com Posted Monday January 17, 2011 7:15PM THE FACTS:  Los Angeles Clippers first-year forward  Blake Griffin  established a franchise rookie record and produced the highest-scoring game in the NBA this season, scoring 47 points Monday afternoon in a 114-107 victory against the Indiana Pacers at Staples Center. QUOTABLE:  "I looked up at one point and I saw I had 41 points and after that I wasn't even sure what I finished with. It's fun to have a game like that, but it's even more fun to get a win."   -- Griffin THE STAT:  Griffin shot 19-for-24 from the field, but didn't get all his points around the basket. He sank six shots from the perimeter, including five on his favorite bank shot from the left wing. He also grabbed 14 rebounds and went 9-for-11 from the free-throw line, the one area he has struggled this season. TURNING POINT:  The Pacers led 88-85 with just under 10 minutes remaining, but  Ryan Gomes  and  Eric Gordon  hit consecutive 3-pointers to spark a 15-2 run. Indiana made one last push to cut the deficit back to three with 1:45 remaining, but  Baron Davis  hit a 3-pointer on the other end of the floor to finish off the Pacers. QUOTABLE II:  "We never recovered from that. Baron Davis and Blake Griffin were too tough down the stretch."   -- Indiana forward  Danny Granger HOT:  Granger and  Darren Collison  held up their end for the Pacers. Granger scored 32 points on 9-for-16 shooting and Collison, who played at nearby UCLA, scored a season-high 30 points on 10-for-17 from the floor. NOT:  Indiana center  Roy Hibbert  couldn't stay out of foul trouble and finished with four points in a season-low 12 minutes. Hibbert has been limited to single digits in scoring in five straight games after scoring in double figures in 17 of the first 21. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Gordon was the unsung hero for the Clippers again. A day after scoring 30 points in a seven-point victory against the Lakers, he had 23 points and seven assists against the Pacers. Gordon is averaging 26.6 points in the last six games. GOOD MOVE:  Clippers coach  Vinny Del Negro  gave Davis an extended rest from 4:08 remaining in the third to 8:20 remaining in the fourth. Davis and Griffin re-entered with the Clippers holding a one-point lead and, on three straight possessions, Davis hit a 3-pointer, a pull-up jumper and assisted on  Randy Foye 's fast-break layup to push the lead to eight. BAD MOVE:  Indiana sharp-shooter  Mike Dunleavy  was not in the starting lineup for just the second time in the last nine games and he struggled big-time off the bench, shooting 1-for-10 from the floor and scoring a season-low two points. Dunleavy is the son of former Clippers coach  Mike Dunleavy , who was fired midway through last season. ROOKIE WATCH:  Indiana reserve wing Paul George played high school basketball not far from Staples Center at Knight High School in Palmdale. He had six points and a steal in 12 minutes of action. NOTABLE:  Don't look now but the Clippers have won five out of six games and are just 5 1/2 games behind Portland for the eighth and final playoff berth, with four teams between the Clippers and Trail Blazers. Portland hosts the Timberwolves tonight. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Wednesday vs. Minnesota, Thursday @ Portland, Saturday vs. Golden State. For the Pacers, Wednesday @ Golden State, Saturday @ Portland, Sunday @ Denver.  