
 Suns-Grizzlies notebook   By Marlon W. Morgan, for NBA.com Posted Monday November 8, 2010 11:55PM THE FACTS : With the memory of letting Friday night's game at Phoenix slip away from them in double-overtime still fresh in their minds, the Grizzlies did all they could to fend off a late Suns' rally Monday night in Memphis as they won, 109-99. All-Star forward  Zach Randolph  showed he is rounding back into shape after missing three games with a lower back contusion. He scored 23 points and had 20 rebounds for his third straight double-double. QUOTABLE:  "He's just one of those guys that's always in the right place at the right time. He's got that throw-it-and-go-get-it again game. Whenever you think you have a stop, the ball just happens to always fall in his hands. ... I don't know if he can dunk, but he can rebound. You just can't teach that. He's a guy like Dennis Rodman. He knows when the ball is going to come. He watches the rotation of the ball and is able to go get it.''   -- Phoenix forward  Hakim Warrick  on Zach Randolph's dominance on the boards THE STAT:  The Grizzlies continue to show they are a much-improved defensive team, holding the Suns under 100 points for just the second time this season. The Grizzlies are now 4-0 when holding their opponent under 100 this season, while the Suns drop to 0-2 when failing to reach the century mark. TURNING POINT:  The Grizzlies when on a 15-2 run late in the third quarter and early in the fourth to open up a 93-75 lead. That 18-point cushion proved to be insurmountable for the Suns, whose bench went on a 13-2 run of their own, but could get no closer than seven. ROOKIE WATCH:  Grizzlies rookie  Xavier Henry , the 12th player taken in the NBA Draft last June, reached double-figures for the second time this season, scoring a career-high 14 point points on 4 of 9 shooting. He also played a career-high 25 minutes off the bench. QUOTABLE II:  "I'm trying to make sure I'm out there on the floor when he needs me. When he needs somebody to put in, I'm hoping he looks to me. I'm just trying to get confidence from coach when I'm out there and just do my best."   --  Henry  on trying to become a more consistent player NOTABLE:  The Grizzlies entered Monday's game leading the NBA in steals (12.57) and forced turnovers (21.9). They won't change as they recorded 12 steals and forced the Suns into 23 turnovers. The Grizzlies scored 31 points off of those miscues. Point guard  Mike Conley , who entered the game leading the league with 3.29 steals per game, had four. UP NEXT:  For the Suns, Friday vs. Sacramento, Sunday @L.A. Lakers, Monday vs. Denver. For the Grizzlies, Wednesday vs. Dallas, Saturday vs. Boston, Monday @ Orlando. 
