  Notebook: Magic 102, Cavaliers 94   By Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com Posted Friday February 3, 2012 11:10PM THE FACTS: Dwight Howard  shot all 16 of his free throws in the last six minutes and made nine, enough for the Orlando Magic to thwart a Cleveland comeback bid and beat the Cavaliers, 102-94. Howard and  Jason Richardson  scored 19 points each, and Howard added 16 rebounds and eight blocks, helping the Magic hold the Cavaliers to 53 points through the first three quarters. Alonzo Gee  came off the Cleveland bench with a career-high 20 points, 13 of them in the final quarter. QUOTABLE:  "That's the game plan. Until I do better at the line, they're going to continue to do it. It was a good game plan, coming down the stretch . . . and as long as we got the win, that's the only thing that matters."  --  Howard on Cleveland's Hack-a-Howard strategy of fouling him intentionally in the backcourt late in the game. THE STAT:  The Cavaliers shot a dismal 29 percent through the first three quarters before shots started falling -- too late -- in the fourth. QUOTABLE II:  "We couldn't put the ball in the ocean for the first three quarters."  --  Cavaliers guard  Kyrie Irving. TURNING POINT:  3-pointers by  Ryan Anderson  and Richardson kicked off a 11-0 run that left the Magic with a 13-point lead in the second quarter. The Cavaliers were chasing the Magic all night after that. HOT:  Gee, who came into the game with an 8.3 scoring average and a 33 percent 3-point shooting, scored 13 points in the fourth quarter and made all three of his threes. NOT: J.J. Redick , back in a bench role with the return of Richardson to the Magic starting lineup, went scoreless in 23 minutes. GOOD MOVE:  Down by 21 at one point, the Cavs were able to close the gap to five with the help of the Hack-a-Howard strategy, which stopped the clock five times in 49 seconds late in the fourth quarter. QUOTABLE III:  " I thought it worked pretty well to the point where Ryan Anderson got the offensive rebound. Then we had to foul (Howard) again. He had missed about three or four in a row and then he made the second one of that (trip), and that seemed to get him back on a rhythm and he makes the next three or four straight."  --  Cleveland coach  Byron Scott . BAD MOVE:  Magic forward  Glen Davis  had an "incident" with head coach  Stan Van Gundy  during a walk-through session earlier Friday, and the Magic suspended him for two games. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  With the eight blocked shots, Howard flirted with a triple double in only 38 minutes. ROOKIE WATCH:  Irving had 18 points and six assists for the Cavaliers while backcourt mate  Mychel Thompson  went scoreless in 30 minutes. NOTABLE:  Cleveland (the NBA's No. 2 rebounding team) outrebounded Orlando (No. 4), 57-45 . . . Crowded out of Indianapolis by the Super Bowl, the Magic will stay in the Cincinnati area tonight before flying to tonight's game at Indiana . . . Howard, who averages more than 12 free-throw attempts per game, did not shoot one against Cleveland until only 5:55 remained . . . The Magic have beaten the Cavs seven straight times. UP NEXT:  For the Cavaliers, Saturday vs. Dallas, Tuesday @ Miami, Wednesday vs. L.A. Clippers. For the Magic, Saturday @ Indiana, Monday vs. L.A. Clippers, Wednesday vs. Miami.  