Notebook: Jazz 83, Wizards 76 
 
 
 Rich Dubroff, For NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Nov 17, 2012 11:09 PM - Updated Sat Nov 17, 2012 11:09 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:   Al Jefferson  scored 17 of his 21 points in the third quarter to lead the Utah Jazz over the winless Washington Wizards 83-76 on Saturday night. 
 The Jazz won despite shooting just 37.8 percent and starting the game off by allowing the Wizards to take an 11-0 lead.  
 
 Gordon Hayward  had 15 points and  Mo Williams  had 12 for Utah, which ended its road trip at 2-2.  Jordan Crawford  led Washington with 20 points.  Trevor Ariza  had 16 -- all in the first half. The Wizards are 0-8. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  ""I don't think defensively we're on the same page. Offensively, we didn't get the ball where we wanted. The last game of a four-game road trip, you typically get a little 
 lower in energy. We played last night, but we just didn't execute on either end of the floor as well as I thought we would." 
 --Jazz coach  Tyrone Corbin  on being displeased with the performance despite the win. 
 
 THE STAT:  Utah outrebounded Washington 60-44. The Jazz's three frontcourt starters,  Derrick Favors, Paul Millsap  and Jefferson, combined for 33 rebounds. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Wizards trailed by just 69-67 with 7:54 to play, but Ariza missed two foul shots, and Utah went on an 11-2 run to put it away. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:    "We don't have any balance right now. In a perfect world, I'd like eight or nine guys and play them every night -- know when they're coming in, who's starting, who's coming off the bench. I'm sometimes, right now, not knowing who's going to play tonight, who's up, who's down." 
 --Washington coach  Randy Wittman  on his team's inconsistency to start the season. 
 .   
 
 HOT:  Jefferson shot eight of 12 from the field in the third quarter. 
 
 NOT:  Millsap missed 11 of his 13 shots from the floor. Asked what was working for the Jazz, he laughed and said: "Nothing worked at the beginning of the game."  
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Corbin, upset that Utah started off poorly on Friday, started Favors and  Randy Foye  in place of Hayward and  Marvin Williams . Hayward, who wasn't getting enough shots in the old rotation, get more this time, and the Jazz won ugly.  
 
 BAD MOVE:  Wittman started  Jan Vesely  for the first time this season. He had five points and five rebounds. The Wizards took an 11-0 lead, but looked ragged afterward. 
 
 NOTABLE:  The Wizards have started 0-8 for the second consecutive season. ...They're the second NBA team to do that. ... The 2001-02 Memphis Grizzlies started 0-8. ... In 2002-03, they lost 13 straight to start the season.  
 
 IN THE ARENA:  The biggest cheer came with 34.9 seconds to play with Washington trailing by nine. Williams missed two free throws, giving fans free Chick-Fil-A sandwiches. 
 "They didn't get a win; at least they got some sandwiches," Millsap said. 
 
 NEXT:  Jazz: Monday vs. Rockets, Friday vs. Kings, Saturday @ Kings. Wizards: Monday vs. Pacers, Wednesday @ Hawks, Saturday vs. Bobcats. 
