  Raptors-Heat notebook   By Shandel Richardson, for NBA.com Posted Saturday January 22, 2011 11:40PM THE FACTS:  The Miami Heat defeated the Toronto Raptors 120-103 Saturday at AmericanAirlines Arena. The Heat were playing without  Dwyane Wade  (migraine) and  Chris Bosh  (ankle), leaving  LeBron James  as the only superstar in the lineup. James scored a game-high 38 points, but received plenty of help from  Mike Miller  (32 points) and  James Jones  (15 points). It was Miller's biggest game since returning last month from preseason thumb surgery. The Heat led by as many as 28 points before the Raptors made things interesting in the fourth quarter. Toronto was led by  DeMar DeRozan 's 30 points while  Andrea Bargnani  added 28. QUOTABLE:  "This is a perfect example of a team-will win. Guys were involved on both ends of the court. A lot of players were engaged and involved in the offense."   --  Heat coach  Erik Spoelstra THE STAT:  Miller entered having scored just 15 points all season. It could be a sign that he's finally ready to contribute. He was 6-for-11 on 3-pointers and also had 10 rebounds. TURNING POINT:  Miller took control in the second quarter when he scored 22 points, a franchise record. The Raptors were never in the game, but Miller's performance got the crowd into it. He's been a fan favorite since his arrival and finally gave them something to cheer about. QUOTABLE II:  "I told him, 'Welcome back, it's good for you that you're now relevant once again.' I think when we go to New York, then we'll have Mike Miller on the scouting report."   -- LeBron James, on Miller's performance HOT:  Miller was 12-for-20 from the field. He said in the pregame he switched to a smaller thumb brace, which has made catching the ball easier. NOT:  The Raptors in the first half. After being blown out the previous night in Orlando, Toronto found itself down 26 at halftime. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  In addition to his scoring, James also had 11 rebounds, six assists and two steals. GOOD MOVE:  Without Wade, Spoelstra had several options. He could have gone with the backcourt of  Mario Chalmers  and  Carlos Arroyo , but decided on Miller. It turned out to be the difference in the game, and could help Miller gain momentum. BAD MOVE:  The Heat got a little lackadaisical in the second half. After building a 28-point lead, they sort of took their foot off the pedal. The Raptors, exhausted after a long road trip, should have been the ones looking tired in the second half. Instead it was the Heat. NOTABLE:  Wade is expected to return for Thursday's game against the New York Knicks, but Bosh remains a question mark. ... Forward Udonis Haslem, who has been out with a torn foot ligament since Nov. 20, is expected to have the boot removed in 2-3 weeks. ... Decimated by injuries, the Raptors dressed just nine players.  Linas Kleiza  and  Joey Dorsey  were both out with knee injuries. UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Thursday @ New York, Friday vs. Detroit, Sunday @ Oklahoma City. For the Raptors, Monday vs. Memphis, Wednesday vs. Philadelphia, Friday vs. Milwaukee.  