  Sixers-Hawks notebook   By Matt Winkeljohn, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday February 8, 2011 11:14PM THE FACTS:  The 76ers, who blew a big lead and lost in their earlier visit to Atlanta, broke out to a 33-15 lead in the first quarter Tuesday and never looked back on the way to a 117-83 win over the Hawks. Philadelphia's 65 points were the most allowed in a first half by Atlanta this season, and the Hawks mustered a season-low 33 points in the same span. Native Atlantan  Louis Williams  led Philly with 20 points off the bench, fellow Atlantan  Jodie Meeks  and former Georgia Tech star  Thaddeus Young  had 16 points each and  Elton Brand  scored 17 as the 76ers won for the seventh time in nine games and for the 21st time in their past 35 after a 3-13 start. Atlanta's three-game winning streak ended as the Hawks played without center-forward  Al Horford . He missed his second straight game with a severe back contusion, helping Philly out-rebound the Hawks 50-35.  Josh Smith  led Atlanta with 16 points. QUOTABLE:  "I never could have imagined this kind of a win, but our guys have been playing well. We came out and had a real sense of purpose. We played a terrific game tonight. I think early [this season], we thought we were becoming a good team. I think our guys feel like [now] when we play, if we play well, we can beat anybody. "I got a great e-mail today from [former 76ers coach]  Billy Cunningham  today. Billy was my mentor and big brother when I played. He said for the first time in a long time he's looking to see when the Sixers are playing, and how excited he is to see us playing together as a team with passion, and playing to win and being so unselfish. He said, 'Make sure you let the guys know now that teams are starting to respect them and now it becomes even harder to win.' That meant a lot to me coming from Billy because he taught me this NBA game."    -- Sixers coach  Doug Collins THE STAT:  23-10: In the end, Philly's reserves played a lot as the game was out of hand, but they contributed mightily to it getting that way by outscoring the Atlanta bench 23-10 in the first half. Williams, Young and  Evan Turner  made 10 of 17 shots in the first half, grabbed nine rebounds. Atlanta's bench in the first half was 5-for-15 with three rebounds. TURNING POINT:  Already down 10 in the first quarter, the Hawks missed three of four shots and turned the ball over three times while the 76ers was 5-for-7 in the same time frame while adding two free throws to take a 33-13 lead on Williams' jumper with 4.4 seconds left in the first half. Atlanta trailed by double digits for the final 43:05 Tuesday while losing for just the third time in the past 17 home games. QUOTABLE II:  "I told our guys this would be a really tough ball game ... because I've watched this Philadelphia team play. They play hard. They keep coming at you."    -- Hawks coach  Larry Drew QUOTABLE III:  "We had won 14 out of 16 at home coming in, and this was a minor setback. We've had a few games like this, but we just have to get it back; that's for sure. I don't care who we're playing, we should never be down by 30 points to anybody."    -- Hawks reserve guard  Jamal Crawford HOT:  With eight assists and one turnover, Philly's  Andre Iguodala  has 57 assists and eight turnovers in his past seven games, a ratio of 7.13. ... Thaddeus Young has made 19 of 34 shots (55.9 percent) over the previous three games. ... Atlanta's  Marvin Williams  has turned in consecutive double-doubles. He had 10 points and 10 rebounds Tuesday, and 15 points and 12 rebounds in Saturday's win in Washington. NOT:  Making his second straight start for Horford,  Zaza Pachulia  had two points and two rebounds after mustering seven points and four rebounds at Washington. He played just 11:15 Tuesday, though, and Drew opted not to play 7-foot center  Jason Collins  for a single second. Drew has said he's only going to play Collins against certain matchups, likely teams that run their offense through the post. ... Playing for just the third time in the past six games, Atlanta's  Josh Powell  missed all three of his shots. GOOD MOVE:  With the game well in hand, Collins was able to limit minutes for most of his key players, and was especially pleased that Brand played just 29:15 and center  Spencer Hawes  11:36 with a home game against Orlando and center  Dwight Howard  on tap for Wednesday night. ... The 76ers wanted to push the tempo off stops, and did so swimmingly in the first half while outscoring Atlanta 21-6 in fast-break points, and 12-4 off turnovers. ROOKIE WATCH:  Philly's Turner got plenty of burn (32:18), and spent a great deal of time running the offense in the fourth quarter. He was efficient, going 3-for-5 for eight points while tying Young with a team-high eight rebounds and adding seven assists. He had just one turnover, but on defense he had problems matching up with Atlanta's  Jeff Teague  late. Teague beat Turner to spots several times. ... Atlanta rookie  Jordan Crawford  played much more than he's accustomed to playing (he often doesn't play at all), and while he's clearly athletic with a quick first step, he plays with considerable reckless abandon. Jordan scored seven points on 3-for-9 shooting, adding three rebounds and two assists. NOTABLE:  The Hawks are 17-8 at home, suffering four of their five most lopsided losses in Philips Arena -- including Tuesday's 34-point setback. They lost 100-59 to New Orleans (a 41-point margin) on Jan. 31 when Horford and Marvin Williams were out with injuries, 99-76 to Boston on Nov. 22 (23 points) and 108-91 (17 points) on Nov 11 to Milwaukee. They also suffered a 23-point road loss at Detroit on Dec. 14 (103-80). ... Horford said of his back, "I'm not 100 percent; not close to it." He had hoped to play Tuesday, but he and team officials feel that his back would not respond well to contact. He is questionable for Saturday's game against Charlotte. UP NEXT:  For the 76ers, Wednesday vs. Orlando, Friday vs. San Antonio, Saturday @ Minnesota. For the Hawks, Saturday vs. Charlotte, Monday @ Detroit, Wednesday @ New York.  