  Cavaliers-Bulls notebook   By Kent McDill, for NBA.com Posted Saturday January 22, 2011 11:36PM THE FACTS:  It took longer than expected, but the host Chicago Bulls finally earned a 92-79 victory over the Cleveland Cavaliers, who have lost 26 of their last 27 games. The Cavaliers, losers of 16 straight games and 20 on the road, were within two points with 4:37 remaining. For the Bulls,  Derrick Rose  had 24 points,  Carlos Boozer  had a 20-10 double-double in his first game back from a sprained ankle, and  Luol Deng  had a double-double with 20 points and 12 rebounds.  Antawn Jamison  had 31 points (with four 3-pointers) and 11 rebounds to lead the Cavaliers, while  J.J. Hickson  had 13 points and a career-high 20 rebounds. THE FACTS II:  The Bulls were the first team in the last 13 games not to score 100 points against the Cavaliers. The Bulls have failed to reach 100 points in their last 11 games. QUOTABLE:  "With all of our guys that are banged up and out of the lineup, I thought this was one of the best games we have played."    -- Cleveland coach  Byron Scott THE STAT:  The Cavaliers, ranked 25th in the league in rebounding, set a season high with 51 rebounds in a regulation game, and tied their season mark of 18 offensive boards. Hickson had 20 rebounds, 11 offensive. "He could have set a rebounding record,'' Bulls coach  Tom Thibodeau  said. THE STAT II:  Of Hickson's 11 offensive rebounds, only two of them were on his 14 missed shots. He was 5-for-19 from the field. TURNING POINT:  The Cavaliers, who trailed by 20 points in the third quarter, pulled to within two points at 77-75. Then the Bulls scored the next 11 points to go up 88-75. The key shot was a 3-pointer by  Kyle Korver  that spread the lead to eight. THE MOMENT:  Thibodeau earned his first technical foul as head coach at the 1:54 mark of the third quarter. He said he did not know if it was his first technical. INJURY UPDATE:   Ramon Sessions , one of the few Cavaliers who has not been significantly injured this season, left the game before halftime with a right abdominal strain and did not return. HOT:  Korver, who had a very poor first half shooting, was 3-for-6 from 3-point range Saturday and has made 11 of his last 19 bombs. He is now shooting 40.5 percent from behind the arc on the season. ROOKIE WATCH:  Cleveland's  Christian Eyenga , in his seventh career game and second career start, was 2-for-9 from the field for seven points with five rebounds. QUOTABLE II:  "I thought tonight we played like we knew we had a chance to win."    -- Cleveland forward Antawn Jamison INSIDE THE ARENA:  In celebration of the Bears' playoff game against the Green Bay Packers Sunday, Bears mascot Staley and Benny the Bull threw souvenir footballs into the crowd during a timeout. NOTABLE:  Thibodeau was asked before the game if he would schedule Sunday practice around the Chicago Bears-Green Bay Packers NFC Championship game at 2 p.m. Thibodeau did not say what he would do, but made it clear the football game was not uppermost in his mind. "We have to keep our priorities in order,'' he said. "We are rooting for the Bears, but we have to take care of our own business." Thibodeau decided after the game not to have practice Sunday. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, vs. Milwaukee Monday, vs. Orlando Friday, vs. Indiana Saturday. For the Cavaliers, at New Jersey Monday, at Boston Tuesday, vs. Denver Friday.  