  Bobcats-Magic notebook   By Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com Posted Friday April 1, 2011 11:17PM THE FACTS: Dwight Howard  had 26 points and 14 rebounds and the Orlando Magic led from the middle of the first quarter on in an 89-77 victory over the Charlotte Bobcats. Dante Cunningham , starting in place of injured forward  Stephen Jackson , led the Bobcats with a career-high 21 points. Beset by late-season injuries and illnesses, both teams had only nine available players. QUOTABLE:  "They still have All-Star players, we don't. So even though they are short-handed . . . their starting lineup and our starting lineup, if you look at it, are totally different."  --  Charlotte coach  Paul Silas . THE STAT:  The Magic outscored the Bobcats by 24 points from behind the 3-point line.  D.J. Augustin's  3-pointer near the start of the second quarter was the only one the Bobcats made all night. TURNING POINT:  It was only a six-point game with 10 minutes left when  Hedo Turkoglu  set up  Quentin Richardson  for a 3-pointer. A little more than two minutes later, the Magic led by 13. QUOTABLE II:  "The Boston Celtics can get to Day One of the playoffs and turn it on. They've been there before, they've won a championship . . . The San Antonio Spurs can do it, the Lakers can do it. The rest of us can't do it. We don't have the background, we don't have enough guys that have been there and done it. We've got to go in and play with great intensity and energy and we've got to start getting serious about it."  --  Magic coach  Stan Van Gundy  on the suggestion that his team is playing out the string until the playoffs begin. HOT:  Nearing the league lead in field goal percentage, Dwight Howard made 10-of-14 shots to raise his season percentage to .598. NOT:  The Bobcats shot 1-for-9 from behind the arc. GOOD MOVE:  Making only his second NBA start, Dante Cunninham made 10-of-15 shots and scored 21 points. QUOTABLE III:  "Every time I came off, my teammates kept telling me to shoot the ball. I was listening to my teammates and just felt good tonight."  --  Bobcats forward Dante Cunningham. BAD MOVE:  With only four players on his bench all night, Van Gundy did not send developing forward  Earl Clark  into the game until the 2:16 mark of the fourth quarter. NOTABLE:  Hedo Turkoglu scored 12 points to raise his career total to 9,998. His 10,000th point is likely to come Sunday night in Toronto, where the former Raptor is booed vigorously. UP NEXT:  For the Bobcats, Saturday @ Denver, Monday @ L.A. Lakers, Tuesday @ Portland. For the Magic, Sunday @ Toronto, Tuesday vs. Milwaukee, Wednesday @ Charlotte.  