Notebook: Clippers 121, Bulls 82 
 
 
 Dan Arritt, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Nov 24, 2013 7:06 PM - Updated Sun Nov 24, 2013 9:58 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Clippers posted their largest margin of victory in franchise history with a 121-82 victory against the visiting Bulls. 
 
 THE LEAD:  In their first game since  Derrick Rose  went down with a left knee injury, the Bulls were no match for the Clippers, suffering the largest margin of defeat in the NBA this season. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "It was an imperfect storm in some ways because there was no Rose, but I thought our defensive energy tonight was fantastic. --  Clippers coach  Doc Rivers. 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Clippers shot 58.5 percent from the floor as six players scored in double figures.    
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Bulls took their only lead of the game at 2-0 and it was all downhill from there.  Blake Griffin's  20-footer stretched the lead to double digits with 3:02 remaining in the opening quarter. Chicago managed to cut the deficit to five on a few occasions in the second quarter but the Clippers ended the half on a 17-9 run to go up by 13 at the half and the Bulls never got back within single digits. 
 
 HOT:  The starting five for L.A. combined to shoot 29-for-42. Clippers forward  Jared Dudley  had his most productive game of the season, scoring a team-high 21 points on 8-for-10 shooting.  J.J. Redick  only missed three shots en route to scoring 19 points and  Chris Paul  scored 16 points and matched his season high with 17 assists. Griffin also reached double figures in points and rebounds for the eighth straight game, finishing with 15 points and 12 rebounds. The Bulls received some decent performances from  Luol Deng  and  Mike Dunleavy.  Deng scored 22 points on 6-for-11 shooting and Dunleavy finished with 14 points on 6-for-9 from the field. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "Jared came out on fire and I feel like that set the tone. ... It was good to see him get off to a good start."  --  Rivers . 
 
 NOT:  The 121 points ties for the second most allowed by the Bulls in the regular season under coach  Tom Thibodeau. Taj Gibson  took 13 shots in 21 minutes but made only three. In the last two games, he's a combined 6-for-23 from the floor. At least he made a few baskets.  Marquis Teague  missed all seven of his field goal attempts as the Chicago bench combined to shoot 7-for-35.  
 
 GOOD MOVE:  The Clippers needed a bounce-back game after they narrowly defeated the visiting Kings on Saturday afternoon. L.A. let Sacramento back into the game after building a 20-point lead in the second quarter, something they didn't do against the Bulls. In fact, they got tougher as the game went along, outscoring Chicago 25-9 in the fourth quarter. 
 
 BAD MOVE : Clippers back-up forward  Ryan Hollins  received a technical foul with six seconds remaining in a 39-point game. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Clippers reserve forward  Antawn Jamison  received his first playing time of the season, coming off the bench in the second quarter and finishing with 11 points in 16 minutes. ... The Clippers' previous largest margin of victory was 37 points in 1975 and again in 1978...The Bulls are 1-6 on the road and 0-6 when they allow 95 or more points in a game...Griffin recorded his eighth straight double-double... Darren Collison  came off the bench to provide a season-high 14 points and five assists.  
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "I told [Jamison] about two days ago I was going to go to him one of these two games, but not in both because I don't want to play him back to back." --  Rivers .  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Wednesday vs. New York, Friday @ Sacramento, Sunday vs. Indiana. For the Bulls, Monday @ Utah, Wednesday @ Detroit, Saturday @ Cleveland.  
