
 Celtics-Mavericks notebook   By Dave Ivey, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday November 9, 2010 12:09AM THE FACTS:   Dirk Nowitzki  scored a game-high 25 points Monday, including a 16-foot jumper over  Glen Davis  with 17.9 seconds left to give the Mavericks an 89-87 victory against the Celtics in Dallas. Boston had its five-game winning streak snapped and lost in Dallas for the first time since March 16, 2007. QUOTABLE:  "What really won us the game down the stretch tonight was our defense showed a lot of will. We were down five or six late and we came together in the final timeout and said, 'This is our game, let's go out and get it.'"   --  Nowitzki THE STAT:  Boston attempted 25 more shots than Dallas (91-66), but the Mavericks shot 50 percent and the Celtics finished at 41.8 percent after a 34.7 percent first-half effort. TURNING POINT:  After the Celtics seized their largest lead at 80-74 on a  Rajon Rondo -to- Kevin Garnett  alley-oop slam, Boston missed its next six shots and 11 of its last 14 from the field. The Mavericks took advantage of the cold spell, with Nowitzki scoring 10 of the Mavericks' final 13 points. QUOTABLE II:  "It's too early to be tired. I thought we had mental fatigue."    -- Boston head coach  Doc Rivers HOT:  After failing to reach double figures in points or rebounds in the Mavericks' first five games, center  Tyson Chandler  had 12 points, 13 rebounds and two blocked shots. He made all five of his field-goal attempts. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  In a matchup of the NBA's top two assists leaders, Rondo tallied 15 assists, 11 points, six rebounds and five steals. Dallas'  Jason Kidd  recorded 10 assists, including one on Nowitzki's game-winning shot, but failed to score (0-for-5). Rondo was 5-for-15 and missed a wide-open 3-point attempt with 3.8 seconds left. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Still riding a wave of popularity following the franchise's first-ever American League pennant, Texas Rangers owner  Chuck Greenberg  and general manager  Jon Daniels  drew loud cheers from the crowd at the American Airlines Center. Rangers players in attendance included  Ian Kinsler ,  Michael Young ,  David Murphy  and  Derek   Holland. GOOD MOVE:  In an effort to inject some energy into his bench, Mavericks coach  Rick Carlisle  moved former NBA Sixth Man of the Year  Jason Terry  back to a reserve role. Terry responded with 17 points off the bench, including a game-tying 3-pointer with 1:13 remaining.  DeShawn Stevenson  replaced him in the starting lineup. NOTABLE:  Dallas shot 17-for-20 from the free-throw line, compared to 7-for-7 for Boston (2-for-2 in the second half). The Celtics had a 14-4 edge in offensive rebounds, but were outscored 6-5 in second-chance points. UP NEXT:  For the Celtics, Thursday @ Miami, Saturday @ Memphis, Nov. 17 vs. Washington. For the Mavericks, Wednesday @ Memphis, Friday vs. Philadelphia, Monday vs. New Orleans 
