Notebook: Rockets 109, Bulls 94 
 
 
 Matt MIller, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Thu Dec 19, 2013 2:05 AM - Updated Thu Dec 19, 2013 2:05 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Chicago Bulls, losers of 12 of their last 15 contests, have undergone the franchise's worst 15-game stretch since beginning the 2004-05 season 2-13. 
 
 THE LEAD: Dwight Howard  fell one rebound shy of recording his seventh consecutive double-double, scoring 23 points and grabbing nine boards to lead the Rockets to a 109-94 victory over the Bulls on Wednesday at Toyota Center.  Chandler Parsons  added 19 points and nine rebounds, while  James Harden  chipped in 19 points, six assists and three steals for Houston (17-9), which has won nine of its last 10 home games.  
 
 Jimmy Butler  matched his season high with 20 points on 8-for-15 shooting to pace Chicago (9-15), which has lost six of its last seven contests overall, and four straight against the Rockets.  Luol Deng  scored 18 points to go with five boards and four assists, and  Carlos Boozer  netted 17 points and pulled down six rebounds.   
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I thought Dwight was really good with the ball in the post tonight. ... He's just got a nice rhythm [at the moment]. When he plays, he plays with a nice rhythm. When he goes fast, there is a reason to go fast. When he goes slow, he's setting guys up." 
 -- Houston coach  Kevin McHale  
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Rockets picked the Bulls' defense apart, creating the type of looks at the hoop off which they thrive -- layups and 3-pointers. Forty-one of Houston's 44 field goals came from either inside the paint or behind the 3-point arc, including a 33-for-47 shooting performance from inside the lane that led to 66 points in the paint.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Bulls cut their deficit to 68-65 with 5:24 remaining in the third period, but Houston cranked up its defensive intensity to take control of the contest for good. The Rockets forced four turnovers and limited the Bulls to 0-for-7 shooting on Chicago's final 11 possessions of the third, fueling a 15-1 run to close the period that handed Houston a 83-66 lead.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "They're a tough defensive team in the half-court, but they really don't like to run, so we definitely didn't want to change the way we play. We wanted to keep getting up and down and make them run and make them uncomfortable." 
 -- Rockets forward Chandler Parsons 
 
 
 HOT:  Four of the Rockets' five starters carried the load for Houston in the first half, as the quartet of Harden, Howard, Parsons and  Patrick Beverley  combined for 51 of Houston's 57 points on 21-for-32 (65.6 percent) shooting. Howard and Parsons were also active on the glass, teaming up to snatch half of the Rockets' 20 rebounds in the opening 24 minutes.  
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "We didn't take anything away. They hurt us in the paint. They hurt us with the 3. They shot 53 percent. Just be disciplined. Do your job. You can live with certain shots. They're a great offensive team ... but you got to take something away." 
 -- Bulls coach  Tom Thibodeau 
 
 
 NOT:  The Rockets'  Terrence Jones  was the lone starter to not find a groove, offensively, apart from a few heady passes. The second-year forward out of Kentucky finished 2-for-8 from the field, including an 0-for-3 effort from behind the arc.  
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Thibodeau shook up his starting lineup and replaced struggling second-year point guard  Marquis Teague  with veteran  D.J. Augustin . Although Chicago's offense went through rough patches at times against Houston, especially in the closing minutes of the third quarter, Augustin displayed a greater level of patience and put his teammates in better positions to score than Teague had recently.  
 
 BAD MOVE:  Many teams have shredded Houston's defense on the break, but Chicago was far too hesitant to run the floor and create easy scoring opportunities for its slumping offense.  
 
 QUOTABLE IV:  "In previous years, and even at the beginning of the season, we had that spunk about us. ... I feel like we're just still trying to search and trying to figure out our whole different concept for this team that we have right now." 
 -- Bulls forward  Taj Gibson 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  McHale returned to the sideline Wednesday after missing the last three games due to the Dec. 10 death of his mother, Josephine. Houston went 1-2 under assistant  Kelvin Sampson  in McHale's absence, and McHale said watching from a distance while he was away offered him a fresh perspective on his team. "It'll be good to get back on the court tonight."... Back soreness affected both clubs in this contest, as Chicago's  Kirk Hinrich  sat out for third third game in a row while the Rockets'  Jeremy Lin  missed his second straight game. Both players are still listed as day-to-day at this time. ... The Bulls fell to 3-11 this season without  Derrick Rose  and 3-10 on the road overall. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Thursday vs. Oklahoma City, Saturday vs. Cleveland, Wednesday @ Brooklyn. For the Rockets, Friday @ Indiana, Saturday @ Detroit, Monday vs. Dallas.  
