Notebook: Hornets 90, Celtics 78 
 
 
 Brian Robb, For NBA.com 
 
Posted Thu Jan 17, 2013 12:04 AM - Updated Thu Jan 17, 2013 12:04 AM 
 
 THE FACTS: Greivis Vasquez  had 15 points and 11 rebounds, carrying the shorthanded New Orleans Hornets to a surprising 90-78 win over the Boston Celtics Wednesday night.  Austin Rivers  added eight points for the Hornets (13-26) off the bench as he won the first head-to-head matchup against his father,  Doc Rivers,  coach of Boston (20-18).  Al-Farouq Aminu  had a season-high 18 points to lead the surging visitors, as the Hornets have now won six out of their last seven games.  Kevin Garnett  finished with 15 points to pace the Celtics, as they had their six-game winning streak snapped.  
 
 QUOTABLE : "It was a different situation. It was like playing against your old team. You know, I didn't play with them but it feels like I've been with them. I've been through it all with them. It's been through the stands when I was young, I've seen everything." 
 -- Austin Rivers on facing his father and the Boston Celtics 
 
 THE STAT : With both teams struggling with their shots from the perimeter, the Hornets managed to gain the upper hand in the paint. New Orleans outscored Boston 24-12 on points in the paint in the second half, helping them pull away with the win.  
 
 TURNING POINT : The visitors broke open the game with an 8-0 run at the start of the second half, pushing a one-point lead to nine. The Celtics got no closer than four points the rest of the way.  
 
 QUOTABLE II : "It's just a strange dynamic.  I didn't enjoy it, honestly.  I know it's neat for everyone else but, as a father, I don't know if I enjoyed that." 
 -- Boston coach Doc Rivers on facing his son 
 
 HOT:  Robin Lopez  -- The offseason addition to the Hornets had this way against an undersized Celtics front line. Lopez hit 7 of his 11 shots, several off second-chance opportunities and finished with 17 points on the evening. 
 
 NOT: Paul Pierce -- Boston's leading scorer could not find his rhythm for nearly the entire contest and settled for far too many shots on the perimeter. Pierce managed just 12 points  on 5-for-16 shooting before fouling out in the final minute of the game.  
 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT: Anthony Davis   -- The first overall pick of the 2012 NBA Draft finished with the fifth double-double of his young career, posting an impressive 10 points and 10 rebounds, along with a pair of blocks in 27 minutes of action.  
 
 QUOTABLE III : "I thought it was a great team win.  We had so many guys that played tonight, and they made big-time contributions; things that don't show up on the stat sheet but things we recognize as a coaching staff." 
 -Hornets coach  Monty Williams  
 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH : the Hornets' Rivers, the former Duke star, performed well in front of his father and dozens of family members in the TD Garden crowd. Due to a variety of injuries to the Hornets front line, Rivers played much more than usual and took advantage of the opportunity, posting eight points in 23 minutes.  
 
 NOTABLE : With his third basket of the night, Garnett passed  Patrick Ewing  for 16th all-time in points scored in NBA History. ...  Brian Roberts  left the game in the second quarter with a sprained left ankle. He did not return. ...Wednesday's contest was the fourth time in NBA history a father has coached against his son in a head-to-head matchup. ... Eric Gordon  did not play to rest his sore left knee. 
 
 UP NEXT : For New Orleans, Saturday vs. Golden State, Monday vs. Sacramento, Wednesday @ San Antonio. For Boston, Wednesday vs. New Orleans, Friday vs. Chicago, Sunday @ Detroit.   
