Notebook: Knicks102, Heat 92 
 
 
 Adam Zagoria, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Thu Jan 09, 2014 11:08 PM - Updated Thu Jan 09, 2014 11:30 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Knicks beat the Heat for the fourth time in five regular-season meetings. 
 
 THE LEAD:   Carmelo Anthony  poured in 29 points and grabbed eight rebounds and  Raymond Felton  notched a double-double of 13 points and 14 assists as the Knicks beat the two-time defending NBA champion, 102-92, at Madison Square Garden. 
 With  J.R. Smith  benched in the wake of the shoelace incident for which he was fined $50,000 by the NBA,  Andrea Bargnani  added 19 points for the Knicks and  Amar'e Stoudemire  chipped in with 14 points and 11 rebounds off the bench. 
 
 LeBron James  paced the Heat with a game-best 32 points and  Dwyane Wade  added 23. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We just competitors, that's it. I want what he got. He trying to get some more of those [rings] so I'm trying to get my team right. I can't worry about what Miami is doing. I gotta worry about my New York Knicks and we go from there." 
 -- Anthony on James on TNT 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Knicks out-rebounded the Heat, 43-32. 
 
 THE STAT II:  The Knicks made eight of their last 14 3-pointers, after starting 1-for-10. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Knicks used a 16-2 run bridging the third and fourth periods to go ahead 82-71 after trailing 69-66. After the Heat cut it to 93-84, Felton cut to the basket for a layup and Anthony then hit a 3-pointer to extend the lead to 98-86. The Knicks outscored the heat, 59-44, in the second half. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "STAT was great. This is probably the first time we played STAT down the stretch of a basketball game...I thought he was very, very positive for us." 
 -- Knicks coach  Mike Woodson  on Stoudemire. 
 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "We taking it one day at a time. We trying to get better each day. We still learning, it's not going to happen overnight. We not going to turn this thing around overnight but we working towards that." 
  -- Anthony on TNT 
 
 
 QUOTABLE IV:  "They played great. They made some timely shots. I thought Amar'e was huge off the bench.  [Iman] Shumpert  made some huge shots and obviously Melo is going to give them 30 every night. I thought Raymond played great defense and did a good job of putting those guys in positions to succeed." 
 -- James 
 
 
 WHO'S HOT:  Since returning from his groin injury Tuesday against Detroit, Felton is averaging 12.5 points and 10 assists in two games. 
 
 WHO'S NOT:  The Knicks benched Smith, presumably because of the shoelace incident in which he was fined $50,000 by the NBA.  Tim Hardaway Jr.  and T oure' Murry  both got minutes instead of Smith. 
 
 NOTABLE:  For the Knicks, center  Tyson Chandler  (upper respiratory infection), point guard  Beno Udrih  (left knee), point guard  Pablo Prigioni  (toe), forward  Jeremy Tyler  (personal reasons) and forward  Metta World Peace  (left knee) were out. "I don't know, I think it's probably day-to-day," Woodson said of Chandler. Woodson called Udrih "day-today" as well, and said Prigioni could be out another "week or two." 
 
 NOTABLE II:  The Heat were without  Shane Battier  (quad) and  Mario Chalmers  (Achilles). 
 
 QUOTABLE IV:  "Not gonna comment on J.R., just talk about the game." 
 -- Woodson 
 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:   Kate Upton ,  Katie Holmes ,  Liam Neeson ,  David Duchovny  and  Michael J. Fox  sat courtside. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Saturday @ Philadelphia, Monday vs. Phoenix, Tuesday @ Charlotte. For the Heat, Friday @ Brooklyn, Wednesday @ Washington, Friday @ Philadelphia. 
