  Notebook: Pistons 88, Bucks 80   By Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com Posted Friday February 3, 2012 11:14PM THE FACTS:  Rookie guard  Brandon Knight  scored a career-high 26 points as the Detroit Pistons snapped a seven-game losing streak with an 88-80 victory over the Milwaukee Bucks Friday night. Knight, held scoreless at Milwaukee Monday, added seven assists while center  Greg Monroe  had 18 points and 11 rebounds for Detroit.  Brandon Jennings  led the Bucks, whose three-game winning streak was snapped, with 20 points. QUOTABLE:  "The last time we played the Bucks, I just remember not coming out with a lot of energy, not lifting my teammates up. Me as a rookie, coming out with energy is something I've got to do each and every game, no matter who we're playing against."  --  Pistons guard Knight on his big offensive performance. THE STAT:  3-17. During the Pistons' losing streak, they allowed opponents to shoot 48.3 percent on 3-point attempts, including Milwaukee's 10 of 17 success rate from long range on Monday. Detroit's defense finally clamped down on the perimeter, as the Bucks shot 3 of 17 (17.6 percent) on 3-point tries. Jennings was 3 of 10 and his teammates were a combined 0 of 7. TURNING POINT:  Milwaukee trailed by 15 late in the third quarter, then went on an 11-0 run to climb back into the game. But the Pistons' frontcourt duo of Monroe and  Jason Maxiell  came to the rescue by sparking an 8-1 spurt for an 80-69 lead. Monroe ended Detroit's drought by shaking off a double team and making a hook shot. Maxiell then made a rare 20-foot shot and took a charge against  Larry Sanders  before Monroe drove past  Drew Gooden  for a layup. QUOTABLE II:  "We were terrible in every aspect of the game. There's no reason to sugarcoat. Our effort was awful, a total lack of focus and concentration."  --  Bucks coach  Scott Skiles. HOT:  Monroe notched his sixth double-double in the last seven games and was just as important defensively, holding Gooden to four points and four rebounds. Gooden had averaged 19.8 points and 9.3 rebounds the previous four games. Monroe is averaging 22.0 points and 12.3 rebounds in three games against the Bucks this season. NOT:  Jennings may have led his team in scoring but he was far from the player who lit up Miami for 31 points two nights earlier. Jennings was held to 7 of 19 shooting by Knight and  Walker Russell Jr.  and made just one assist, compared to three turnovers. The rest of the Bucks followed his cue, as they had just 10 assists while shooting 35.1 percent. GOOD MOVE:  Pistons head coach  Lawrence Frank  stuck with four of his starters for 37 minutes or more, even though the team is playing five games in six nights. The Pistons needed to stick with their best players to get a much-needed victory and they managed to fight through the fatigue. BAD MOVE:  Skiles kept veteran guard  Stephen Jackson  glued to the bench, even when the Bucks could have used an offensive jolt. Jackson has not played in three of the last four games, one because of an NBA suspension and the other two because Skiles opted not to use him. NOTABLE:  Maxiell had eight points, a season-high 12 rebounds and two blocks while making his second start this season. ... The Bucks had scored at least 100 points in the previous five games. ... Forward  Tayshaun Prince  chipped in 13 points and nine rebounds for Detroit. ... Rapper  Vanilla Ice  performed at halftime during a '90s theme celebration. UP NEXT:  For the Bucks, Saturday vs. Chicago, Tuesday vs. Phoenix, Wednesday @ Toronto. For the Pistons, Saturday vs. New Orleans, Wednesday @ New Jersey, Friday vs. New Jersey.  