
 Bucks-Magic notebook   By Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday April 5, 2011 11:07PM THE FACTS:  The Orlando Magic survived horrible shooting and 21 turnovers to clinch fourth place in the Eastern Conference with a 78-72 victory over the Milwaukee Bucks. Dwight Howard  had 18 points and 17 rebounds, and  Jameer Nelson  and  Hedo Turkoglu  hit big jumpers for Orlando after the Bucks had come back from an 18-2 deficit to tie it, 72-72, with 2:02 left. Drew Gooden  came off the bench for 18 points for the Bucks, whose fading playoff hopes took another blow. No Milwaukee starter scored in double figures. QUOTABLE:  "The game was ugly both ways, but we still won."  --  Magic enter Dwight Howard. THE STAT:  The Magic missed 19 straight 3-point shots after making their first two. TURNING POINT:  After the Bucks missed their first eight shots and fell behind, 14-0, coach  Scott Skiles  yanked all five starters with 6:40 left in the first quarter. QUOTABLE II:  "We went to the bench and those guys did a nice job of getting us back into the game. Our bench did a really nice job tonight and our starters struggled."  --  Bucks coach Scott Skiles. HOT: Drew Gooden  and  Keyon Dooling  came off the Milwaukee bench to hit 10-of-16 shots. NOT: Brandon Jennings  shot 3-for-15 and with the Bucks still in the game, missed all six of his shots down the stretch. Not that he was the only one who missed shots. QUOTABLE III:  "We were inept most of the night. We didn't shoot well, we didn't handle the ball well, we didn't make free throws. It was, I'm sure, hard to watch; I know it was for me, and for our players even. It was a frustrating night, but they hung in there and got the win and at this point, that's all that matters."  --  Magic coach  Stan Van Gundy . GOOD MOVE:  Replacing all five starters just 5:20 into the game got the Bucks' attention just when the big early lead started damaging the Magic's concentration. BAD MOVE:  Howard fouled  Drew Gooden  30 feet away from the basket with one second left in the third quarter, giving the Bucks three free throws. NOTABLE:  The Magic's 21 turnovers tied a season high. They have done it five times . . . Orlando failed to make three 3-pointers in a game they won for the first time since March 30, 2007 . . . The Bucks have held 11 straight opponents under 100 points. "We're one of the better defensive teams in the league. The numbers bear that out. Our problem has been on the other end of the floor," Skiles said. UP NEXT:  For the Bucks, Wednesday @ Miami, Friday @ Detroit, Saturday vs. Cleveland. For the Magic, Wednesday @ Charlotte, Sunday vs. Chicago. 
