  Notebook: Mavericks 112, Warriors 103 Posted Friday April 13, 2012 1:55AM By Geoff Lepper, for NBA.com THE FACTS:   Dirk Nowitzki  scored 27 points as the Dallas Mavericks blew almost all of a 19-point lead but held on for a 112-103 win against the Golden State Warriors on Thursday night. Four other Mavericks -- all reserves -- reached double figures, led by  Brandan Wright , who lit up his first NBA team for 16 points and nine rebounds. Dallas (33-26) moved a half-game ahead of Houston and Denver and into sole possession of the No. 6 spot in the Western Conference standings. Even better for the Mavericks: They're now just 1 1/2 games behind Memphis, which sits fifth. David Lee  had 30 points with eight rebounds but committed five of Golden State's 16 turnovers. Rookie guard  Klay Thompson  contributed 24 points with new career highs in assists (eight) and rebounds (seven). QUOTABLE:  "We've been talking about playoff mode for two-and-a-half weeks. It's a must. The pressure that comes with that is a good thing, because it's the kind of pressure that you like. It brings you to a higher level and we embrace it. We embraced it last year in the playoffs and it got us a ring."   -- Mavericks coach  Rick Carlisle THE STAT:  Carlisle talked before the game about the need to avoid "catastrophic" turnovers, but that memo didn't get passed along to Golden State. Dallas held a 24-13 advantage in points off of turnovers, and 21-13 in fast-break points. TURNING POINT:  Despite leading by 18 midway through the third quarter, the Mavericks gave up almost all of that advantage to a surging Warriors second unit trying to rebound from a first-half mauling. But though Golden State closed to within three points early in the fourth quarter, Thompson misfired on a couple of 3-point looks, and the Warriors never again had a shot at tying the score. HOT:  Wright and  Rodrigue Beaubois  were the stars of Dallas' 23-8 run bridging the first and second quarters, which staked the Mavericks to their early lead. Wright and Beaubois combined for 15 points during that run; for the evening, they had 27 as the Mavericks' bench outscored Golden State's reserves 57-33. Golden State's backups came in averaging 50.7 points per game over their last three contests. QUOTABLE II:  "Wright was terrific all night. It was the kind of game where, if a team's playing small, he's a valuable guy because he can be a presence at the rim and guard perimeter guys, too, if needed."   -- Rick Carlisle FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:   Jason Kidd  was all over the box score, especially in the fourth quarter when he doled out six assists and collected four rebounds. All told, he fell just one point short of his 108th career triple double: 12 assists, 10 boards, nine points and three steals. QUOTABLE III:  "Never underestimate greatness. I don't care if that guy's 29, 39 or 49 (years old). He's going to do something to help you win."   -- Rick Carlisle on Kidd INSIDE THE ARENA:  The Warriors staged their second annual "Bollywood Night," which included, among other things, Indian-themed routines and costumes for the club's dance squad and Indian foods at concession stands. NOTABLE:   Jason Terry  had 16 points, including a backbreaking jumper that pushed Dallas' lead to 10 points with 2:42 remaining. . . . Mavericks forward  Shawn Marion  grabbed a game-high 12 rebounds. . . . Nowitzki, on the other hand, was limited to just one board, his lowest total since Feb. 17, 2011 at Phoenix. . . . Dallas is now 5-0 when they record at least 30 assists. UP NEXT:  For the Warriors, Saturday @ L.A. Clippers, Monday vs. San Antonio, Wednesday vs. L.A. Lakers. For the Mavericks, Friday @ Portland, Sunday @ L.A. Lakers, Monday @ Utah.  