  Notebook: Knicks 100, Bulls 99 Posted Sunday April 8, 2012 4:41PM By Adam Zagoria, for NBA.com THE FACTS:   Carmelo Anthony  scored a season-high 43 points, including a game-winning 3-pointer with 8.2 seconds remaining in overtime and a game-tying 3-pointer at the end of regulation, as the Knicks held off the Chicago Bulls, 100-99, at Madison Square Garden. In his first game back after missing a dozen with a groin injury, reigning league MVP  Derrick Rose  scored 22 of his team-best 29 points in the second half for the Bulls, but failed to convert a short jumper in the final seconds that would have won the game. The Bulls erased a 21-point first-half deficit to go ahead late in the third period. They led until Anthony hit a 3-pointer from several feet behind the line to tie it at 91 with 11.2 seconds left in regulation. The Bulls missed all four foul shots they took in final 34 seconds of regulation, and the Knicks outscored them 9-8 in the extra period. In a potential first-round playoff preview, the teams meet again Tuesday night in Chicago, before the Knicks visit the Bucks on Wednesday. QUOTABLE:  "It was a great atmosphere. That's how the Garden's supposed to be. This was a playoff game. We might play these guys in the playoffs if we keep doing what we're doing and get that seed. So this is a big statement game for us and we willed this win today."    -- Anthony on ABC. THE STAT:  After announcing Saturday he planned to come back from the groin injury against the Knicks, Rose was 1-for-6 with seven points in the first half and 7-for-20 with 22 in the second. TURNING POINT:  With the Knicks trailing 91-86, Anthony took the game over down the stretch, driving to the basket for a layup that made it 91-88. After  Steve Novak's  3-pointer rimmed in and out, Anthony stepped back and drained the game-tying 3 to force the extra period. He then scored five points in the OT QUOTABLE II:  "It was just a battle until Melo was able to break lose and make the biggest play of the night when he hit the 3 that put us up one."   -- Knicks coach  Mike Woodson WHO'S HOT:  Anthony seems to be thriving under Woodson, the interim coach. He entered this game averaging 27.6 points and 7.2 rebounds in his last five games. By halftime against the Bulls, he had 22 points on 8-for-14 shooting and four assists. He finished 16-for-31. WHO'S NOT:  The Knicks bench went just 9-for 35, with  J.R. Smith  struggling with a 6-for-22 shooting night that resulted in 14 points. As a team, the Knicks went 8-for-34 from beyond the arc, including Smith's 2-for-11. QUOTABLE III:  "I tried to use it as a positive atmosphere, a playoff game, knowing that we gotta play them back-to-back and there's a chance we could play them in the first round....We've got them again in a couple of days at their place and I'm sure they'll be fired up and ready to go...I'm just anxious to see how we meet the challenge when we get to Chicago."   -- Woodson NOTABLE:  Knicks point guard  Jeremy Lin  said he's "cautiously optimistic" about returning this season from a torn meniscus, but would likely miss the first round of the playoffs beginning April 28. "I think if something goes really well, but I probably wouldn't be able to get there," he said. "It depends on how far it goes....We're doing everything to get me back as soon as possible." Lin said he's not concerned about the Knicks potentially adding  Steve Nash  in the offseason. "I can't worry about that stuff," he said. "It happened a lot last year too, worrying about getting cut? QUOTABLE IV:  "You can't guard that kid one-on-one. I think he's the best point guard in the league."    -- Woodson on Rose INSIDE THE ARENA:  Actor  Kevin James  sat courtside. UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Tuesday @ Bulls, Wednesday @ Bucks, Friday vs. Wizards. For the Bulls, Tuesday vs. Knicks, Thursday vs. Heat, Sunday at Pistons.  