  Notebook: Bulls 113, Bucks 90    By Rick Braun, for NBA.com Posted Sunday February 5, 2012 12:40AM THE FACTS: Derrick Rose  led a first-half blitz and finished with 26 points and 13 assists, and  Luol Deng  added 21 points and nine rebounds in his first game back from a wrist injury as the Chicago Bulls blasted the Milwaukee Bucks 113-90 Saturday night at the Bradley Center. The Bulls (20-6) jumped on Milwaukee early, as Rose hit his first five shots and had 16 first-quarter points to match Milwaukee's entire team and lead the Bulls to a 30-16 lead. Chicago reserves increased the margin to 67-43 at the half, and the Bucks never got closer than 17 in the second half. The Bucks (10-13) suffered their second loss in two nights -- both of which they failed to shoot 40 percent. QUOTABLE:  "He was great. I can't say enough about him. He stays in great shape and he got out there and did everything."   -- Bulls coach  Tom Thibodeau  on Deng, who missed the previous seven games with a torn ligament in his left wrist THE STAT:  There are so many stats that indicate the Bulls' dominance, but the most glaring was the Bulls' 14-1 edge in made 3-pointers. That translates to a 42-3 scoring edge from behind the arc. Chicago was 14-for-30, while Milwaukee was 1-for-12.  Kyle Korver  made four, and Deng, Rose and  C.J. Watson  made three each for the Bulls. TURNING POINT:  After  Luc Richard Mbah a Moute  gave the Bucks a 2-0 lead on the opening possession, Rose scored 13 points in a 15-2 run that gave the Bulls a 15-4 lead. They would never lead by less than seven the rest of the way. QUOTABLE II:  "It's not the first time it's happened. We knew that's what was going to happen. Every time we play the Bulls here it's almost like an away game."   -- Mbah a Moute on the fact that three-quarters of the Milwaukee crowd was cheering for the Bulls HOT:  No one player exploded for the Bulls, but as a team they made a season-best 48 field goals in 90 attempts (53.3 percent) NOT:  Bucks forward  Ersan Ilyasova  was 1-for-10 from the field. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Bucks center  Drew Gooden  had 24 points, including 10-for-10 on free throws. INSIDE THE ARENA:  While it was a home game for the Bucks, the crowd appeared to be about 3 to 1 in favor of the Bulls, whose fans took advantage of the relatively short drive north to Milwaukee. ROOKIE WATCH:  Bucks forward  Tobias Harris  tallied a career-high 19 points in one of the few bright spots for Milwaukee. NOTABLE:  When Rose's 16 first-quarter points matched Milwaukee's team output, that marked the second straight home game for the Bucks where an opposing player matched or bettered the Bucks entire team in the first quarter. On Wednesday, Miami's  LeBron James  had 24 first-quarter points to 23 for the Bucks, but Milwaukee came back in the second half to win that game. ... Point guard  Brandon Jennings , the Bucks' leading scorer at 20.5 points per game, was shut out until he hit a 15-footer from the left baseline with 6:11 left in the third quarter. He finished with eight points on 4-for-10 shooting. ... The Bulls set a franchise record for fewest free throw attempts with four. The Bucks committed just eight fouls all night, offering little defensive resistance. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Monday @ New Jersey, Wednesday @ New Orleans, Thursday @ Charlotte. For the Bucks, Tuesday vs. Phoenix, Wednesday @ Toronto, Friday @ Cleveland.  