  Notebook: Raptors 95, Hornets 84 Posted Wednesday February 29, 2012 11:29PM By Larry Holder, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  So much for Raptors forward  Linas Kleiza  and his sore ankle. Kleiza looked fully healthy after missing the final three games before the All-Star break, scoring 21 points to push the Toronto Raptors to a 95-84 win over the New Orleans Hornets on Wednesday night at the New Orleans Arena. The Raptors' DeMar  DeRozan  matched Kleiza's output with 21 points of his own. QUOTABLE:  "He got his sea legs under him a little bit. ... Very valuable because he can simulate  Andrea  ( Bargnani ) as a stretch four, which is huge when you go up against a team like that. It forced them to go small a little bit. It was a very go weapon to go up against players like ( Chris )  Kaman ."   --Raptors coach  Dwane Casey  on Kleiza's play THE STAT:  The Raptors managed to completely reverse a trend that was a positive for the Hornets one night earlier in New Orleans' loss to Chicago. Toronto's bench outscored New Orleans' backups 41-21 as Kleiza alone matched the Hornets' complete bench output. The Hornets bench outscored the Bulls bench 39-19 on Tuesday in Chicago. TURNING POINT:  The Hornets entered the fourth quarter with a 69-62 lead. The Raptors didn't waste any time chopping that lead up and building one of their own. Toronto went on two separate 7-0 runs to open the fourth quarter as the Raptors outscored the Hornets 33-15 in the final period. HOT:  Raptors reserve  Leandro Barbosa  paced Toronto's fourth-quarter spark as he went 4 of 4 from the field to score 11 of his 15 points in the fourth quarter. NOT:  Point guard play for the Hornets wasn't optimal for sure as  Greivis Vasquez  and  Jarrett Jack  shot a combined 5 of 19 from the floor. Vasquez only scored four points and added six assists. Jack did have 10 points and six assists despite the shooting woes. QUOTABLE II:  "It's easy to sit here and say what we didn't do, 'we didn't do this, we didn't do that.' But the bottom line is that team beat us tonight. They did what was necessary to get the win. ... I hate to point the finger at one particular person, but at the end of the day I can't coach the guys in the fashion that I coach and not look at myself."   --Hornets coach  Monty Williams INSIDE THE ARENA:  Actor  Samuel L. Jackson  sat courtside along the Raptors baseline on Wednesday night. Jackson was cheering on the Raptors and giving the referees grief about certain calls throughout the game. NOTABLE:  Hornets forward  Carl Landry  (MCL sprain), forward  Jason Smith  (concussion), center  Emeka Okafor  (knee) and guard  Eric Gordon  (knee) didn't play against the Raptors. Williams said Landry could return by the end of the week after missing several weeks. Smith is "driving himself crazy" trying to get back, Williams said, as there's still not a concrete timeframe. Gordon was on the Hornets bench in New Orleans to watch the game for the first time since having knee surgery. ... Kaman chalked up 17 points and 10 rebounds as his value near the trading deadline continues to increase. UP NEXT:  For the Raptors, Friday vs. Memphis, Sunday vs. Golden State, Monday vs. Memphis. For the Hornets, Friday vs. Dallas, Saturday vs. Indiana, Monday @ Portland.  