  Notebook: Hawks 93, Nets 84 Posted Friday March 23, 2012 11:39PM By Matt Winkeljohn, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  It took until the fourth quarter Friday for the Hawks to solve the Nets, but when  Josh Smith  erupted for 13 of his 30 points and five of his 12 rebounds in the final period Atlanta pulled away for a 93-84 win over the visitors for a four-game sweep of New Jersey. It was Smith's second 30+/10+ game in a row. He had 32 points and 17 rebounds in Atlanta's overtime win over the Cavs on Wednesday. Atlanta outscored New Jersey 31-15 in the final period, when the Nets went cold and lost track of the ball. New Jersey made just 5-of-18 shots in the fourth quarter, and suffered four of its modest 11 turnovers in the period to lose for the fifth straight time. Deron Williams  led the Nets with 20 points and eight assists and New Jersey closed the third quarter with a 9-0 run to lead 69-62 as the Hawks turned the ball over on their final four possessions of the period. But New Jersey missed its first four shots of the fourth quarter, and 8-of-10 while Atlanta seized the game with a 22-6 run during which Smith had nine points, four rebounds, an assist, a steal and a blocked shot. The Nets whittled a nine-point lead down to 88-84 on  Kris Humphries'  lay-up with 49 seconds left before Atlanta made five free throws to close it out. Jeff Teague  added 17 points for Atlanta, and  Joe Johnson  pitched in 16. Humprhies had 17 for the Nets whose starters were out-scored 77-50 even though Atlanta center  Jason Collins  went scoreless in a rare start. QUOTABLE:  "We got a little stingy in the fourth quarter. Our starters came back in and gave us a big lift. I thought [Teague] got aggressive. I thought  Kirk [Hinrich]  did a really good job defensively. We actually switched on Deron, and I thought we defended him well."  --  Hawks head coach  Larry Drew . THE STAT:  As expected, especially with Nets center  Brook Lopez  sidelined with a persistent foot injury, the Hawks whipped New Jersey in the paint 50-28. New Jersey was done in, however, by its long-distance game. They entered the game averaging 8.3 made treys per game (second in the NBA), and shooting 34.7 percent from distance. Friday, they made just 6-of-25(25 percent). TURNING POINT:  This game turned for good at the beginning of the fourth quarter, when New Jersey head coach  Avery Johnson  tried to rest starters Williams, Humphries,  MarShon Brooks  and  Shelden Williams . Starter  Gerald Wallace  was joined by subs  Anthony Morrow , rookie  Jordan Williams ,  Gerald Green  and  Jordan Farmar  (who'd just missed four straight games with a groin strain). Drew countered with four starters -- Smith, Johnson, Teague, and Hinrich -- and former starter Marvin Williams for one of the Hawks' smallest lineups. The Nets went scoreless for the first 3:02 of the period, when Williams -- who'd just re-entered the game -- hit a fadeaway jumper to help New Jersey re-capture the lead, 71-70, for the penultimate time. QUOTABLE II:  "I liked our focus. We had really positive energy with the exception of the fourth quarter. Unfortunately, we didn't start off well in the fourth. Some silly turnovers turned the game around, especially when we were trying to give some of our starters some rest."  --  Johnson. HOT:  Johnson, who got hot late and in overtime Wednesday to lead the Hawks past the Cavaliers, picked up where he left of by making 4-of-7 shots for nine points in the first quarter. . . . Hinrich has warmed up a little bit from distance. He made a season-high four 3-pointers (in six tries) and has made 9-of-18 in the past four games. . . . NOT:  Atlanta had no offensive rebounds in the first half. . . . Morrow, who has ranked among league leaders in 3-point shooting all season, was 1-for-5 and is 2-for-13 in the past three games after making all four tries March 17 in a loss to the Hornets. . . . Wallace had nine rebounds and six assists, but made just 3-of-14 shots in his least effective game with the Nets since being traded from Portland. NOTABLE:  Farmar was back in action after missing four straight games with a groin pull, and he had five points and two turnovers in 12:42. . . . Smith's steal tied him with  Eddie Johnson  for sixth-most in franchise history (741). . . . The Hawks will play three days in a row with games Saturday at Washington and Sunday against the Jazz. They have seven games in nine days. . . . Atlanta center  Zaza Pachulia  did not play because of a sore Achilles' tendon. He hopes to play Saturday in Washington. . . . After missing six straight games with a hip flexor,  Marvin Williams  was successful. He had 11 points and six rebounds in 26:01. . . . New Jersey guard  DeShawn Stevenson , who started 54 games last season for the NBA champion Mavericks, registered his fourth straight DNP-coach's decision. UP NEXT:  For the Nets, Saturday vs. Bobcats, Monday vs. Jazz, Wednesday vs. Pacers. For the Hawks, Saturday @ Wizards, Sunday vs. Jazz, Tuesday @ Bucks.  