
 Thunder-Pistons notebook   By Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com Posted Saturday October 30, 2010 12:25AM THE FACTS:   Jeff Green 's layup with 2.5 seconds remaining allowed the Oklahoma City Thunder to spoil the Detroit Pistons' home opener Friday night 105-104. Green drove past  Jason Maxiell  after the Pistons blanketed  Kevin Durant , who scored 30 points for the second time in as many games. Thunder center  Serge Ibaka  added a double-double off the bench with 16 points and 10 rebounds while the Pistons fell to 0-2. QUOTABLE:  "Broken plays like that make it even more special. Of course, that wasn't the play [drawn up] but Jeff saw something and got to the rim. That made it an even better win for us."   -- Durant on Green's game-winning shot. THE STAT:  37-for-44, 84.1 percent. For the second straight game, the Thunder didn't shoot well from the field (38.8 percent) but they won anyway by attacking the basket and drawing fouls. They shot 44 free throws Friday, compared to the Pistons' 20. In a season-opening 106-95 victory over Chicago Wednesday, Oklahoma City went 38-for-47 from the foul line and attempted 25 more free throws than the Bulls. TURNING POINT:  The Thunder scored the first seven points of the second half to take a 12-point lead, 63-51. The Pistons went scoreless for the first 3:45 of the half, missing their first nine shots. They trailed until  Charlie Villanueva  made a 3-pointer from the right corner with 7.5 seconds left to give them a 104-103 lead. QUOTABLE II:  " Tayshaun Prince  did too good of a job taking the ball away from Durant. Jeff Green didn't know what to do but drive the ball and unfortunately, it didn't work out the way we wanted."   -- Pistons coach John Kuester on Green's game-winning basket. HOT:  Healthy after being bothered by ankle issues most of last season,  Ben Gordon  has regained his sweet stroke. Gordon scored 32 points in 31 minutes, making 11-for-16 field goals. He's shooting 72.7 percent from the field (16-for-22) through the first two games. NOT:  With  Jonas Jerebko  sidelined by a partially torn Achilles,  Austin Daye  emerged from the preseason as the Pistons' starting power forward. He'll have to shoot a whole lot better to hold onto that spot. Daye has gone 4-for-19 from the field (21.1 percent), including a 2-for-11 performance Friday. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Ibaka isn't a starter but he's putting up numbers across the board. Ibaka is averaging 12.0 points, 9.5 rebounds and 3.0 blocks. INSIDE THE ARENA:  The Pistons held a banner-raising ceremony for their home opener but not the kind they really wanted. The Palace honored  Kid Rock  after the first quarter for 21 sellouts combined at the building and nearby DTE Music Theatre. Kid Rock raised the banner himself, joining  Bon Jovi ,  Neil Diamond  and  Alan Jackson  as musical acts with banners hanging from the Palace ceiling. ROOKIE WATCH:  The Thunder and Pistons have high-profile rookies -- OKC's  Cole Aldrich  and Detroit's  Greg Monroe  -- but neither has seen any action. They are both trying to work their way into their team's rotations. NOTABLE:  The Pistons were very sloppy in the first half, committing 13 turnovers that led to 22 Oklahoma City points. They cut their turnovers to six in the second half. Detroit made just six turnovers against New Jersey Wednesday. ... The Thunder's 3-point shooting has been atrocious in the early going. Oklahoma City is 6-for-33 (18.2 percent) from long range, with Green (3-for-13) and  Daequan Cook  (0-for-6) being the biggest culprits. ...  Tracy McGrady  still hasn't scored in a Detroit uniform. He has played 20 scoreless minutes and saw just six minutes of action Friday. UP NEXT:  For the Thunder, Sunday vs. Utah, Wednesday @ L.A. Clippers, Thursday @ Portland. For the Pistons, Saturday @ Chicago, Tuesday vs. Boston, Wednesday @ Atlanta. 
