  Notebook: Thunder 109, Bucks 89 Posted Monday April 9, 2012 11:55PM By Rick Braun, for NBA.com THE FACTS: Russell Westbrook  scored 26 points and  Serge Ibaka's  four blocked shots in the first quarter set the tone as the Oklahoma City Thunder cruised to a 109-89 victory over the Milwaukee Bucks on Monday night at the Bradley Center. Kevin Durant  added 19 and  James Harden  scored 16 as the Thunder (42-15) jumped to a 33-12 lead with 2:33 left in the first quarter and never let the margin get down to single digits. Ersan Ilyasova  led Milwaukee (28-29) with 18 points, but the Bucks were so frustrated throughout the night that they were hit with a season-high five technical fouls. The Bucks fell 1 1/2 games behind both Philadelphia and New York for the final playoff spot in the Eastern Conference. The Bucks host the Knicks Wednesday. QUOTABLE:  "That's what you're supposed to do. If you want to be able to win championships in this league you've got to be able to come out every night, regardless if it's home or on the road, to impose your will on teams."  --  Westbrook on the Thunder's big first quarter that essentially decided the game. THE STAT:  Ibaka finished the night with five of the Thunder's nine blocks, and  Thabo Sefolosha  had seven of Oklahoma City's 10 steals, leading to a 20-6 edge in fast-break points. TURNING POINT:  The Bucks got within 10 points at 76-66 on Ilyasova's third 3-pointer of the night with 4:10 left in the third. Westbrook stopped the 7-0 run with a basket. Moments later, Westbrook appeared to get his dribble caught on his hip right in front of referee  Kane Fitzgerald  and the Bucks' bench. When Fitzgerald called a foul on  Brandon Jennings , Bucks head coach  Scott Skiles  and Jennings both picked up technical fouls. Durant made the two free throws and Westbrook scored on the ensuing possession, and it turned into an 11-0 run. QUOTABLE II:  "That's what having Serge does for us. He protects the basket so well. He and 'Perk' ( Kendrick Perkins ) do a great job, and it makes it easier for our defense. Sometimes when we get broken down on the wing, Serge is there to help us out."  --  Durant on Ibaka's four first-quarter blocks. HOT:  Westbrook's 11-for-21 night wasn't exceedingly hot, but his 3-pointer at the halftime buzzer halted some of Milwaukee's momentum. NOT:  Bucks guard  Monta Ellis  made just 3-of-12 shots. His first shot of the night on a drive to the basket was wiped away by Ibaka, setting the tone for his night. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  If you're in a league where steals count heavily, Sefolosha's seven steals put you in Fantasy Heaven. INSIDE THE ARENA:  The 14,111 fans in attendance received an  Andrew Bogut  bobblehead. Bogut, however, is now a member of the Golden State Warriors, having been traded on March 14. GOOD MOVE:  After the Bucks pulled within 69-59 thanks to a 10-4 run, Thunder head coach  Scott Brooks  called a timeout and set up a play that ended with Westbrook hitting a 3-pointer. That started a 7-0 run. BAD MOVE:  Bucks second-year forward  Larry Sanders  threw an elbow at Oklahoma City's  Nick Collison  for his second technical foul and his first career ejection with 9:18 left in the fourth. NOTABLE:  Ibaka and Milwaukee's  Mike Dunleavy  were hit with technicals after tangling with 1:17 left in the first. Dunleavy was on the floor when Ibaka stood over him and nearly sat down on him. When Dunleavy jumped up, Ibaka grabbed him by the arm. When the replay was shown on the scoreboard the Milwaukee crowd booed Ibaka loudly. ... The Thunder blocked six shots in the first quarter, four by Ibaka, on the way to a 35-18 lead. ... The Bucks finished the night with five technical fouls -- two and an ejection for Sanders, the one on Dunleavy and the two on Jennings and Skiles with 3:29 left in the third quarter. ... The Bucks are now 3-1 on their five-game home stand with the finale on Wednesday against New York. UP NEXT:  For the Thunder, Wednesday vs. Los Angeles Clippers, Friday vs. Sacramento, Saturday @ Minnesota. For the Bucks, Wednesday vs. New York, Friday @ Detroit, Saturday vs. Indiana.  