  Spurs-Raptors notebook   By Holly MacKenzie, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday February 9, 2011 10:56PM THE FACTS:  After allowing the Toronto Raptors to hang around through the first three quarters, the San Antonio Spurs got down to business in the fourth and walked off of the ACC floor with a 111-100 victory. The win moves the Spurs to 44-8 on the season and to 4-1 at the midpoint of their nine-game "Rodeo Road Trip".  DeJuan Blair  was fantastic, tying a career high with 28 points, 16 coming in the fourth quarter. He also pulled down 11 rebounds as he led the way for the Spurs who had five players in double-figures.  Andrea Bargnani  led the Raptors in the loss with 29 points. QUOTABLE:  "I'm one of the shortest centers in the league, but at the same time I think I've got one of the biggest hearts in the league, as well. I'm just going to keep playing hard."    -- DeJuan Blair on his big night. THE STAT:  While the Spurs shot 58 percent for the game, the difference was in the fourth quarter where they dialed in defensively and held the Raptors to 33 percent shooting. Toronto made just 7-for-21 in the fourth while the Spurs shot 64 percent and connected on double the field goals, making 14 of 22. TURNING POINT:  San Antonio came into the fourth quarter trailing by three. In the blink of an eye, it went ahead by six as it opened the quarter hitting five shots while the Raptors had a bucket followed by two turnovers and a miss. While the Raptors offense stalled, San Antonio was focused on both ends of the floor and outscored the Raptors 30-16 in the period as it pulled away midway through the quarter. QUOTABLE II:  "Laying it on the line every play. He's the type that's going to lay it on the line, rebound and do some dirty work. Do all of the things so we don't worry about his size, we all know that he can make up for that with his strength. He just bullies people."    --  George Hill  on the play of Blair despite being undersized. HOT:  For the second time this season,  DeMar DeRozan  had a strong performance against the Spurs. After scoring 28 points on 10-for-18 shooting in the Raptors 104-95 loss to the Spurs on January 19th, DeRozan got off to a blazing start against the Spurs once again and had 16 points at the half on 8-for-8 shooting. While he cooled off in the second half, he still finished the game with 25 points on 10-for-18 shooting. This means he averaged 26.5 points against the Spurs in their season series. NOT:   Richard Jefferson  started the game, but didn't see the court in the fourth quarter, likely as a result for his underwhelming night. Jefferson finished with three points and attempted just two field goals. He also grabbed just one rebound, had zero assists and four personal fouls. Not his best night. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Former MLB greats  Ferguson Jenkins  and  Roberto Alomar  were in attendance and both received warm ovations from the crowd. NOTABLE:   Tony Parker  and  Tim Duncan  each scored 16 points for the Spurs while Hill added 18 off of the bench.  Tiago Splitter  left the game in the fourth quarter with a strained hamstring and did not return.  Gary Neal  also suffered a groin pull, but said after the game that he should be fine.  Leandro Barbosa  scored 20 points off the bench in his second game back from missing 12 with a strained hamstring. UP NEXT:  For the Spurs, Friday @ Philadelphia, Saturday @ Washington and Monday @ New Jersey. For the Raptors, Friday vs. Portland, Sunday vs. LA Clippers, Wednesday vs. Miami.  