
 Pacers-Suns notebook   By Jerry Brown, for NBA.com Posted Saturday December 4, 2010 12:56AM THE FACTS:  With three days between games this week, the Suns went back to school on defense. They implemented some new schemes. They shook up the overall rotation, both in the starting lineup ( Earl Barron ) and the bench. And others ( Hakim Warrick ) have been left on the outside looking in. So far, so good. After holding Golden State to 101 points for a win in Oakland Thursday, the Suns came home, forced 25 turnovers and held the Pacers to just 97 to put themselves over the .500 mark (10-9) for the first time since Nov. 17. Coach  Alvin Gentry  put two new stat boards in the dressing room reflecting opponents' field goal percentage -- showing the Suns' ranking as dead last -- but the Pacers shot just 46.8 percent a night after the Warriors shot "only" 50 percent -- both under Phoenix's pathetic season average of 50.5 percent. And in the second half, the Pacers were held to 38 points and 39.5 percent shooting. "We just came out and we defended more," said guard  Jason Richardson , who had an economical 21 points on only 11 shots. "They hit some shots and made a lot of threes in the first half, but in the second half we just kept on battling them and got in their face and made them turn the ball over a little bit [25 times in the game]. It felt good to have that kind of effort on defense." While the usual suspects scored for the Suns, the Pacers got only eight points and a 2-for-13 shooting night from  Danny Granger  and had to look elsewhere for points. Indiana matched Phoenix with 11 3-pointer, but there were just too many turnovers to overcome. QUOTABLE:  "When we can space the floor and  Channing  [ Frye ] shoots the ball like that, it brings the guys out from the basket, and that creates avenues for driving and our spacing becomes a lot better."   -- Gentry on Frye THE STAT:  The Pacers committed a season-high 25 turnovers leading to 26 Suns points. The Suns have now won 10 of the last 12 meetings with Indiana, and nine of the last 11 meetings overall. TURNING POINT:  The Suns scored just 22 points in the third quarter but held the Pacers to only 17, the fewest by a Suns opponent in a quarter this season, and trailed by just two entering the final quarter. The Suns wound up holding the Pacers to 97 points, only the fourth time they've held an opponent under the century mark this season. They are 4-0 when they do so. QUOTABLE II:  "I'll tell you what we were doing. We were not paying attention to the scouting report. [Frye] is going to get his threes. [ Steve ]  Nash  is a great player and he's going to find him. There were about four [3-pointers] that out guys weren't paying attention to him and it had nothing to do with the guy guarding him. Our guys had a different agenda tonight."    -- Indian coach  Jim O'Brien INSIDE THE ARENA:  The announced crowd of 16,991 was not reflected by the number of bodies in US Airways Center didn't reflect that figure. It was one of the smaller gatherings in recent memory. Phoenix fans aren't used to .500 basketball in early December and the Suns need a run during a favorable schedule this month to win back the locals. NOTABLE:  A week ago, Warrick backed up a 23-point first half against Chicago with 25 against the Clippers. Last Sunday, he was elevated to the starting lineup. But Thursday night in Golden State, Warrick played just nine minutes and he played just seven Friday -- with Gentry starting Barron and passing over Warrick for seldom-used  Earl Clark  in the rotation. Before the game, Gentry said he was just trying different combinations looking for the right rotation. But it appears to be a lack of defensive effort and overall intensity that has left Warrick sitting and watching. And with back-to-back wins, that may not change for awhile. UP NEXT:  For the Pacers, Tuesday vs. the Raptors, Thursday@ Milwaukee, and Saturday, Dec. 11 vs. the Bobcats. For the Suns, Sunday vs. the Wizards, Tuesday @ Portland and Wednesday vs. the Grizzlies. 
