  Raptors-Nets notebook   By Sekou Smith, NBA.com Posted Saturday March 5, 2011 9:17PM THE FACTS:   Travis Outlaw  rescued the Nets with the final eight points in the third overtime as the Nets swept the Raptors in a historic weekend set in London with the highest scoring game of the season, so far. Outlaw knocked down two free throws for the winning margin with 12.6 seconds to play. Raptors center  Andrea Bargnani  missed a potential game-winning jumper at the buzzer that would have salvaged the European weekend for the Raptors. Brook Lopez  starred for the Nets, finishing with 34 points, 14 rebounds and a career-high eight blocks before fouling out in the second overtime.  Deron Williams  turned in his fifth straight double-double with 21 points and 18 assists.  Kris Humphries  added 20 points and 17 rebounds for New Jersey. Outlaw finished with 14 points. Bargnani led all scorers with 35 points and  DeMar DeRozan  scored 30 points for the second straight night. QUOTABLE:  "Deron Williams' spirit has infiltrated our team. And it's a positive spirit."   -- Nets coach  Avery Johnson  on the positive impact Deron Williams has had on the team since joining them after a trade deadline deal Feb. 23. THE STAT:  25.  Sasha Vujacic  had 25 points, including six 3-pointers, to tie his season high in points. Even better for the Nets was the way he attacked on the defensive end. Vujacic boasted recently that he could score 30 points a night if he wanted to. His words didn't look foolish Saturday night. TURNING POINT:  Outlaw woke up from a season-long slumber to play hero for the Nets, who lost another starter --  Damion James  -- to a concussion in the first half.  Anthony Morrow  suffered the same fate in the first half of Friday's game. Outlaw got his chance to see extensive minutes with James sidelined and made the most of his opportunity. Johnson joked that his work in the third overtime was due mostly to his legs being fresher than anyone else's. QUOTABLE II:  "Who knows, we might have had a call coming if he drove to the basket. But Andrea played a lot of minutes, too. That's 51 minutes. He was probably a little bit tired. He might not have had a step on him."   -- Raptors coach  Jay Triano  on Andread Bargnani's decision, twice, to forego a drive to the basket for a step-back jumper that fell short. He missed a potential game-winner with two seconds to play in the first overtime on the exact same sort of shot he took at the end of the game. HOT:  You can take your pick here between DeRozan, Lopez, Humphries, Vujacic and even Bargnani. But Williams was the man that stood about above all others over the weekend. It helps when you become just the third player player in league history with 10-plus assists in five consecutive games with a new team.  Mark Jackson  did it five times with Toronto (2000) and  Norm Nixon  did it seven times with Los Angeles Clippers (1983). NOT:  Bargnani's inability to take advantage of game-winning opportunities in two different overtime periods stings. Even on a night when he rebounds well, he also grabbed 12 rebounds, the shine is taken off of that accomplishment when you realize it is just his second double-double of the season. Bargnani scores plenty of points, but on a bad team and without doing much else most nights. GOOD MOVE:  Johnson is proving to be the master at finding just the right players to fill voids during games. Friday night it was  Sundiatta Gaines  for Morrow. Saturday night it was Outlaw for James. And don't forget his use of  Jordan Farmar  (12 points, 3-for-5 shooting from beyond the 3-point line Saturday) as a change of pace option for Williams. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Humphries played video game basketball for the second straight night against the Raptors. He had 18 points and 17 rebounds Friday night and then outdid himself Saturday night with 20 and 17. If that doesn't boost his fantasy stock, nothing will. ROOKIE WATCH:  James was the only rookie from either team to see action, and his night ended after just 22 minutes and his mild concussion. He got a strong endorsement from Johnson, though, after the game. And he should be a fixture in the Nets' starting lineup for the foreseeable future. NOTABLE:  Lopez was two blocks shy of becoming the third Net to record a points/rebounds/blocks triple-double. He would have joined an elite group that includes  George Johnson  (who did it once) and  Shawn Bradley  (who did it five times) ... Prior to Saturday night the Nets were 2-4 in overtime games this season and the Raptors 0-1 ... Saturday's game was the most combined points (273) the league has seen since Nov. 28, 2010 when Nuggets and Suns piled up 271 in the Nuggets' 138-133 win. UP NEXT:  For the Nets Wednesday vs. Golden State, Friday vs. L.A. Clippers, Monday (3/14) vs. Boston. For the Raptors, Wednesday vs. Utah, Friday vs Indiana, Friday, Sunday vs Charlotte.  