Notebook: Knicks 103, Magic 98 
 
 
 Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Mon Dec 23, 2013 11:42 PM - Updated Mon Dec 23, 2013 11:42 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  Both  Carmelo Anthony  and  Raymond Felton  left the Knicks' win with injuries. 
 
 THE LEAD:  Anthony, who went out with a sprained left ankle with the Knicks up by 20 points in the middle of the third quarter, led five New York players in double figures with 19 points in a 103-98 win over the Orlando Magic Monday night. 
 Playing for the first time for the Knicks (9-18) after missing six games with a hamstring injury, Felton strained his right groin with 3:14 remaining.  J.R. Smith  came off the Knicks bench with 18 points and 10 rebounds, playing 36 minutes -- more than the entire Magic (8-20) bench. 
 
 Arron Afflalo  scored a game-high 26 for the Magic, while  Jameer Nelson  had 17 points, eight rebounds and 10 assists. Afflalo, Nelson and  Tobias Harris  played the entire second half for Orlando, which fell behind by 25 points early in the second half.   
 
 QUOTABLE:  "The team was upset when Carmelo went out, but we got over the shock." 
 -- Knicks forward  Andrea Bargnani 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Magic were outscored 36-14 in the second quarter, giving up the most points in any quarter this season while matching the fewest points they have scored in a quarter. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I just hate saying that we keep fighting hard. As a player you can't like losing and I hate losing. I want us to do better. If we weren't down 20-something points in the second half, that could have been a different game. For us as a team, our first half has to be more important to us.'' 
 -- Tobias Harris 
 
 
 TURNING POINT:  New York's 25-point lead was down to one, at 84-83, when Afflalo missed a 3-pointer with 7:49 left.  Jason Maxiell  got the rebound for Orlando and missed inside. Bargnani hit a 17-footer and  Iman Sumpert  nailed a 3-pointer to pull the Knicks'  lead back up to six. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "All teams make runs and they made a [heck of a] run, but I applaud our team because we withstood the run. We made plays. It was a total team effort. After losing two starters, I applaud our guys." 
 -- Knicks coach  Mike Woodson 
 
 
 HOT:  Three 3-pointers by Anthony and Smith in a span of less than two minutes erased what was left of an early seven-point Orlando lead. 
 
 NOT:  In their last three games -- all at home -- the Magic have lost to Utah (6-21 at the time), Sacramento (7-17) and New York (8-18). 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Losing trust in his erratic bench, Magic coach  Jacque Vaughn  went almost exclusively with his starters after the disastrous second period. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  With everything going the Knicks' way, they had a 24-point lead when Anthony made a jump shot. Then he got called for a technical foul with 9:27 left in the third quarter. 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  If Anthony sits out some games with his sprained ankle, Smith will get plenty of shots. Anthony has led the Knicks in scoring very game this season including Monday night, when he sat out the final 19 1/2 minutes. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  The Magic's  Victor Oladipo  did not play in the second half after posting a plus/minus of minus-23 in 16 minutes. 
 
 NOTABLE:  The Knicks have defeated the Magic eight straight times, two of them this season . . . Nelson's first eight shots were 3-pointers; he made three . . . The Knicks'  Metta World Peace  missed a second straight game with a sore left knee. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Wednesday vs. Oklahoma City, Friday vs. Toronto, Saturday @ Toronto. For the Magic, Friday vs. Detroit, Sunday vs. Atlanta, Tuesday (Dec. 31) vs. Golden State. 
