
 Magic-Hawks notebook   By Matt Winkeljohn, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday March 30, 2011 11:00PM THE FACTS:   Josh Smith  moved from power to small forward and made 3-for-4 3-pointers while scoring 26 points, and  Joe Johnson 's running 8-footer with 55 seconds left lifted the Hawks to an 85-82 win over the visiting Magic Wednesday in a likely preview of a first-round playoff matchup. Atlanta beat the Magic for the third straight time by limiting the NBA's most prolific three-point shooting team to 7-for-23 from beyond the arc, and by keeping Orlando's  Dwight Howard  in foul trouble. He had 17 points and 13 rebounds for the short-staffed Magic, but Atlanta's big men limited Howard to 4-for-13 shooting. He made 9-for-15 from the free-throw line while playing 32:58. Jameer Nelson  scored 20 for Orlando and  Hedo Turkoglu  scored 17. Johnson scored 18 for Atlanta in his first game back after missing one with a sprained right thumb. Also,  Marvin Williams  -- pushed out of the starting lineup by coach  Larry Drew' s decision to start 7-foot center  Jason Collins  against Howard -- added 10 points off the bench one game after scoring a season-high 31 in Sunday's win at Cleveland. Atlanta has won three in a row, and won three of four against Orlando on the season. The Magic have lost back-to-back games after winning five straight. QUOTABLE:  "It's a playoff-intensity game, a playoff-energy game, knowing that they could potentially be our first-round opponent. This was just a huge win for us. It has to boost our confidence. I say that, and I'm always reverting back to last year [when] they absolutely manhandled us four straight games."   -- Atlanta coach Larry Drew. THE STAT:  15-for-29. The Magic barely made half their shots in the paint, where Atlanta outscored them 38-30 while making 18-for-27 of their own paint shots. QUOTABLE II:  "Outstanding, he couldn't have played him any better. He really doesn't get a lot of playing time . . . but when his number is called, he plays big and he definitely did tonight."   -- Josh Smith, when asked about the defense played by Collins against Howard. Collins had three points, four rebounds, and four fouls in 17:35 all spent defending Howard. Reserve center  Zaza Pachulia  had seven points, seven rebounds and two fouls in 14:41 spent mostly defending Howard. TURNING POINT:  Trailing by eight with 4:11 left in the game, the Magic used an 8-0 run to tie the score at 82-all. Howard scored six straight points with Horford rather than Collins in the center position. After Drew subbed Collins back in, the Magic tied the score on a Nelson's layup with 1:11 left. Johnson followed with his running shot after curling around a screen by  Kirk Hinrich , and then rebounded Nelson's missed jumper only to miss another runner with 15.9 seconds left. After two Orlando timeouts, Nelson curled around a Howard screen at the top of the key, missed a contested layup -- when Howard followed him down the lane for what looked like a wide-open opportunity if Nelson had passed, and Collins was fouled when he rebounded for Atlanta. He made one of two free throws, and after another timeout, Turkoglu missed a three-pointer at the buzzer. QUOTABLE III:  "They've beaten us three out of four. They're better than us right now. Doesn't mean they will be in the playoffs. That's the best defense I've seen all year against Dwight. [Collins] is big and physical. He doesn't give you anything easy. Dwight had trouble getting good, on-balance shots."   -- Magic coach  Stan Van Gundy . HOT:  Turkoglu got off to a great start. In the first quarter, he had eight points, four rebounds, three assists and a steal as the Magic stayed close to Atlanta (27-25 through the first period) even though Howard played just 3:54 and went scoreless with one rebound because he picked up two fouls. . . . Smith scored 11 points in the second quarter, making 4-for-5 shots. . . . Nelson scored 11 points in the third, making 5-for-6  . . . Marvin Williams played just 19:49, but he scored 10 points with six rebounds in that time in a reserve role. This came after he scored a season-high 31 points on 9-for-14 shooting (3-for-5 3-pointers) and grabbed seven rebounds in Sunday's win in Cleveland. . . .  Brandon Bass  of the Magic has made 19-for-27 shots (70.3 percent) over the past three games after making 6-for-10 Wednesday. . . . Turkoglu has averaged 17.8 points (season average of 10.7) over the past four games, making 13-for-24 3-pointers. NOT:  The Hawks made just 5-for-16 in the fourth quarter, and missed all four 3-pointers. . . . Orlando's  Gilbert Arenas  missed both this shots, and has made just 3-for-25 (12 percent) over the past three games. GOOD MOVE:  After Howard scored six straight points as part of the 8-0 run Orlando used to tie the game, Drew re-inserted Collins at center with 1:40 left and Howard did not attempt another shot. QUOTABLE IV:  "Things are definitely hard for us when Dwight gets in foul trouble. He's who we are. We play through him."   -- Jameer Nelson on Howard, who picked up his fifth foul with 8:10 left in the game. NOTABLE:  Hawks spokesman  Arthur Triche  said after the game that a fan was arrested by Atlanta police after the game after an altercation involving Hawks vice president and broadcaster  Dominique Wilkins , the Hall of Famer former Hawks player. . . . Wednesday was just the fourth loss for Orlando in 31 games in which the Magic have held opponents beneath 90 points. . . . Hinrich's turnover in the third quarter, when he stepped out of bounds, was his first in nearly 120 minutes spanning four games. . . . Howard had a double-double in all four games against Atlanta this season. . . . The Magic were missing guards  J.J. Redick  (abdominal strain) and  Chris Duhon  (sprained thumb) and forward  Quentin Richardson  (back spasms) did not play for the third game in a row. Duhon, who sprained his thumb in Monday's loss in New York, is believed to have ligament damage and will be examined by an orthopedist back in Orlando. UP NEXT:  For the Magic, Friday vs. the Bobcats, Sunday @ the Raptors, Tuesday vs. the Bucks. For the Hawks, Friday vs. the Celtics, Sunday @ the Rockets, Tuesday vs. the Spurs. 
