Notebook: Hawks 101, Bobcats 91 
 
 
 Derek S. Smith, For NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Nov 23, 2012 10:51 PM - Updated Fri Nov 23, 2012 10:51 PM 
 
 THE FACTS: Al Horford  scored a game-high 26 points and added 13 rebounds as the Atlanta Hawks picked up a 101-91 victory of the Charlotte Bobcats Friday night at Time Warner Cable Arena.  Jeff Teague  added 13 points and 12 assists in the win for the Hawks, who are now winners of four straight.  Ramon Sessions  paced the Bobcats with 22 points. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "The guys did a great job of finding me tonight. They set me up with easy baskets and I was able to just score. It was a big game and we really came out focused."  
 -- Atlanta center Al Horford 
 
 THE STAT:  Atlanta (7-4) made a season-high 11 3-pointers Friday on just 22 attempts. The team shot 50 percent from behind the arc and three players ( DeShawn Stevenson, Kyle Korver  and Teague) make at least three trifectas. The Hawks came in shooting 33.8 percent from behind the arc and averaging 7.6 makes per game. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Hawks took a time out after the Bobcats (6-5) had trimmed the lead during an 8-0 spurt late in the fourth quarter. Out of the timeout, Horford slipped past  Byron Mullens  and scored on easy dunk after a nice pass from  Josh Smith . The Hawks and Horford added a bucket on the following play to put the game out of reach of the resilient Charlotte squad. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We really needed a basket at that particular point. We came out of the huddle and we executed. Josh made a great pass down low to Al for the dunk." 
 -- Atlanta coach  Larry Drew 
 
 
 HOT:  Horford had a monster game for Atlanta Friday. The Hawks center scored 26 points on 13-for-17 shooting with a game-high 13 rebounds. He also added two assists and three blocked shots. It was his fifth double-double of the season, and his third with 20 points or more and 10 rebounds or more. 
 
 NOT:  The Bobcats' defense appeared to have turned a corner during the previous five games, but took a detour Friday night. Atlanta shot 53.8 percent from the floor, was 50 percent from the 3-point line and had assists on 29 of the team's 42 made field goals. The Hawks also shot 25-for-38 in the paint while racking up 50 points there.  Charlotte also allowed 24 fast-break points. 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Korver got it done from behind the arc against Charlotte. The Hawks guard got the start and poured in 16 points on 4-for-6 shooting from behind the arc and also added six rebounds, two assists, two blocked shots and one steal.  
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA: Anthony Morrow  of the Hawks hails from Charlotte and attended nearby Charlotte Latin. He had a strong and loud contingent of fans in attendance. The Bobcats wore their dark blue uniforms in conjunction with them being offered in the team store for the first time on "Black Friday." Hall of Famer and Atlanta Hawks great  Dominique Wilkins  was in attendance at the game Friday as part of the team's TV broadcast. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Charlotte guard  Jeff Taylor  had another career-high night with 16 points. He added two rebounds and three steals, while fellow rookie  Michael Kidd-Gilchrist  had 11 points, seven rebounds, four blocks and two steals.  
 
 NOTABLE: Bismack Biyombo  suffered a left-leg contusion. X-rays taken at the arena were negative. Charlotte's  Sessions  and  Kemba Walker  have both scored in double figures in all 11 games this season for Charlotte. Walker had a season-high nine steals. Mullens scored in double figures in the fifth straight game and recorded a career-high six steals. The 22 turnovers by the Hawks were both a season-high for Atlanta and the most forced by the Bobcats in a game this season. Smith scored in double figures for the ninth time this season and recorded a season-high eight assists for Atlanta.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Hawks, Saturday vs. Clippers, Wednesday vs. Charlotte, Friday vs. Cleveland. For the Bobcats, Saturday @ Washington, Monday @ Oklahoma City, Wednesday @ Atlanta. 
