Notebook: Cavaliers 97, Celtics 91 
 
 
 Brian Robb, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Apr 05, 2013 11:48 PM - Updated Fri Apr 05, 2013 11:50 PM 
 
 THE FACTS: Tristan Thompson  had a career night, helping the Cleveland Cavaliers hold off a late charge from the shorthanded Boston Celtics and finish off a 97-91 win at the TD Garden. Thompson took advantage of a Celtics front line missing  Paul Pierce  (ankle) and  Kevin Garnett  (ankle), to post career highs in both points (29) and rebounds (17). The outburst allowed the Cavaliers to snap a season-high 10-game losing streak.  Jeff Green  had a team-high 23 points for the hosts in the setback.   
 
 QUOTABLE:  "He had these green shoes on today, maybe that was it.  I don't know.  Again, he was really focused this morning and he came with an aggressive mindset from the start and he held it for 41 minutes." --  Cavs coach   Byron Scott  on Thompson's career night 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Celtics failed to find any rhythm in the second half without their two star forwards, as they shot just 32.6 percent from the field over the final 24 minutes.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  With Green saddled with foul trouble, Cleveland took control of the game midway through the second half with a 14-3 run to build a double-digit lead. Despite a rally in the fourth quarter, it wasn't enough for Boston to overcome the 14-point deficit the Cavs had built.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "Whenever you can get a win, especially during this losing streak we had a lot of games where we should have won, and at the end of the day, took the L. Tonight was our game to win, so we knew we needed to take it and bring it back to Cleveland." --  Thompson . 
 
 
 HOT: Shavlik Randolph  -- Despite fouling out in just 13 minutes of action, Randolph scored a career-high 16 points, providing crucial energy and rebounding off the bench for Boston in his time on the floor.  
 
 NOT: Kyrie Irving  -- The All-Star point guard appeared rusty in just his third game back from injury, missing 16 of his 20 shot attempts on the night, in one of his toughest offensive games of the season.   
 
 ROOKIE WATCH: Tyler Zeller  -- The rookie power forward battled foul trouble for the majority of the night, but still managed to post nine points and six rebounds over 25 minutes.    
 
 NOTABLE: Avery Bradley  left the game in the fourth quarter with a bruised collarbone, but told reporters after the game he expects "to be fine." With the victory, Cleveland splits the season series with Boston.  Doc Rivers  said before the game he expects both Pierce and Garnett to return to the lineup Sunday vs. Washington. Boston maintained their 2.5 game lead for the 7th seed in the Eastern Conference with Milwaukee's loss to New York.  Daniel Gibson  did not play for Cleveland due to a elbow injury.  Alonzo Gee  had a double-double with 16 points and 10 rebounds.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For Detroit, Saturday @ Minnesota, Sunday vs. Chicago, Wednesday @ Cleveland. For Boston, Friday vs. Cleveland, Sunday vs. Washington, Wednesday vs. Brooklyn.      
