  Notebook: Nuggets 110, Kings 83   By Michael Kelly, for NBA.com Posted Thursday January 5, 2012 12:32AM THE FACTS:   Al Harrington  scored 15 points to lead five players in double figures as the Denver Nuggets routed the Sacramento Kings 110-83 on Wednesday night. The Nuggets led by as many as 31 and cruised to the easy win. DeMarcus Cousins  scored a game-high 26 points and  Marcus Thornton  had 23 for the Kings, who were playing the second of back-to-back-to-back games. QUOTABLE:  "We're going to go after teams with our intensity and our flow of flooding good players on the court. On this court, we're trying to create the action and we're not going to be strategizing the game as much as we're going to try to play the way we play."   -- Nuggets coach  George Karl . THE STAT:  The only reason Denver didn't score more than 110 points was due to slippery hands. The Nuggets were careless with the ball, committing 26 turnovers. The Nuggets made up for it by outrebounding the Kings 48-37 and piling up a season-high 31 assists. TURNING POINT:  The Kings missed their first seven shots of the second quarter and took nearly five minutes to score in the period. That came in the midst of a 22-3 run by the Nuggets that gave them a 39-17 lead. Sacramento made some runs but never got the lead under double digits. QUOTABLE II:  "I believe we can have a good team. We just got blown out a couple of times in a row and looked bad doing it, but we have what we need in that locker room to have a good team."    -- Kings coach  Paul Westphal . HOT:  The Nuggets all game. They shot 61 percent in the first half, were shooting 64 percent at one point in the third quarter and finished at 60 percent. Everyone got into the action. Eleven players logged minutes, and all of them scored at least six points. NOT:  The Kings' defense and offense. Cousins and Thornton, no one did much for Sacramento. The Kings were 2-for-21 from 3-point range and shot 32 percent from the field GOOD MOVE:  After struggling from 3-point range in the first six games, the Nuggets went to the bucket more. They scored 68 points in the paint, many on the fast break. The crowd erupted when  Rudy Fernandez  threw a no-look alley-oop to rookie  Kenneth Faried , who slammed it home to give the Nuggets a 94-64 lead. QUOTABLE III:  "There's a joke going around; he might be bigger than [ Tim ] Tebow in this town now."    -- Al Harrington on Kenneth Faried. BAD MOVE:  For the Kings, it might have been getting off the bus. They looked tired, and they could not stop Denver's running game. The Nuggets had 31 points on the break, countless dunks and easy layups. Sacramento never adjusted to the pace. ROOKIE WATCH:   Jimmer Fredette  had a forgettable night on the same court where his college career came to an end in a loss to Florida last spring. One night after scoring a career-high 17 points in a loss at Memphis, he suffered through a 3-for-13 shooting night and scored seven points. QUOTABLE IV:  "We were talking on the sidelines that these free throws are bigger than a championship game because they want them tacos."   -- Nuggets guard  Ty Lawson  on Faried's two foul shots at the end of the game that gave Denver 110 points. When the Nuggets reach 110 in a game, fans get free tacos at a local fast-food chain the following day. NOTABLE:  Kings guard  Tyreke Evans  didn't start in the second half due to an undisclosed illness. Westphal said Evans was vomiting at halftime but returned to the bench and played 3:14...  Kosta Koufas , starting his second straight game for the injured Nene, had a double-double with 10 points and 10 rebounds. ... The Kings had more free-throw attempts (24) than the Nuggets (22). UP NEXT:  For the Kings, Thursday vs. Milwaukee, Sunday vs. Orlando, Tuesday @ Philadelphia. For the Nuggets, Friday @ New Orleans, Saturday @ San Antonio, Tuesday vs. New Orleans.  