  Notebook: Timberwolves 101, Clippers 98   By Dan Arritt, for NBA.com Posted Saturday January 21, 2012 2:46AM THE FACTS:  A last-second 3-pointer settled a game inside Staples Center for the third time in the last five days, but this time it wasn't the home team that escaped with a victory, as Minnesota forward  Kevin Love  sank the winning basket as the buzzer sounded, lifting the Timberwolves to a 101-98 victory against the Clippers. QUOTABLE:  "Usually big guys won't get out there and Kevin has great range as you saw. With a second and a half to go, we thought that was our best opportunity for a wide-open look."   --Timberwolves coach  Rick Adelman . THE STAT:  The Timberwolves came into the game 0-5 in games decided by four points or less and 1-3 when scoring at least 100 points. The Clippers lost for the first time in seven home games when leading after the first quarter. TURNING POINT:  With the score tied and 20 seconds remaining, the Clippers had the ball in the hands of guard  Chauncey Billups , who sank a 3-point basket to beat the visiting Mavericks on Wednesday. His driving shot attempt banked off the glass and clanked off the rim with 1.5 seconds showing on the clock, enough time for the Timberwolves to call timeout and move the ball past midcourt.  Ricky Rubio  in-bounded the ball to Love at the top of the 3-point line and he swished the ball cleanly through the hoop. HOT:  For a night anyway, Minnesota center  Darko Milicic  looked like a No.   2 overall draft pick. Maybe not a No. 2 pick who was selected ahead of  Dwyane Wade  and  Chris Bosh , but a solid second pick. Milicic finished with a team and season-high 22 points, nearly doubling his season average of 4.4 points by the end of the first quarter. NOT:  Rubio, the flashy rookie point guard from Spain, missed his first 10 field-goal attempts before hitting a 3-point basket with 20 seconds remaining to tie the score, 98-98. He finished with nine points, six assists and three turnovers. For the Clippers, forward  Blake Griffin  finished with 21 points and 10 rebounds for his eighth consecutive double-double, but he shot 7-for-17 from the floor. Since point guard  Chris Paul  went down with a strained left hamstring, Griffin is shooting 27-for-59 (45.7 percent) in the four games and his scoring average has dipped from 23.1 points to 21.2. GOOD MOVE:  Rubio did flash his magic in the closing minutes. In addition to his score-tying 3-pointer, he made a nice behind-the-back pass to Milicic who was trailing on a fast break and the 7-footer laid the ball in, cutting the deficit to 96-94 with 2:30 remaining in the game. BAD MOVE:  Clippers back-up point guard  Mo Williams  was on another scoring tear, making his first seven field-goal attempts for the second consecutive game and scoring 21 points in the first half. He closed out both quarters with last-second baskets. However, he wasn't around at the end of the fourth as he picked up his second technical foul with 6:21 remaining and the Clippers clinging to a four-point lead. They scored just nine points the rest of the way. QUOTABLE II:  "I felt it was a questionable call. I just reacted to it, not in the direction of the referee, but towards out bench. I was surprised the technical foul was called."  --Clippers guard  Williams . NOTABLE:  Griffin and Love are the only two NBA players averaging more than 21 points and 11 rebounds. Love, who went to college at nearby UCLA, finished with 17 points and 14 rebounds. ... Billups made three 3-pointers to pass  Peja Stojakovic  for fourth all time on the NBA list ....  Ryan Gomes , starting at small forward in place of  Caron Butler  (hyper-extended right knee), scored a season high 11 points. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Sunday vs. Toronto, Wednesday @ L.A. Lakers, Thursday vs. Memphis. For the Timberwolves, Saturday @ Utah, Monday vs. Houston, Wednesday @ Dallas.  