  Notebook: Trail Blazers 105, Clippers 97   By Kerry Eggers, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday January 11, 2012 1:57AM THE FACTS:  All five starters scored in double figures as the Trail Blazers (7-2) avenged a Jan. 1 loss to the Clippers at Staples Center with a 105-97 victory Tuesday night.  Gerald Wallace  led the way with 20 points to go with four rebounds and four assists.  Caron Butler  (20 points)  Chauncey Billups  (19 points) and  Blake Griffin  (18 points, 12 rebounds) were the big producers for the Clippers (4-3). QUOTABLE:  "It was a tough game between two pretty good teams. We were more mentally ready than they were. We felt we let the game in L.A. get away, so we wanted to jump on them from the start, to take them out of their comfort zone on offense."    -- Portland's Gerald Wallace     THE STAT:  Portland's  LaMarcus Aldridge  missed his first five shots and didn't score until a tip-in with 4 1/2 minutes left in the first half. He got going then, though, and finished with 18 points and seven rebounds. TURNING POINT:  Portland led just 100-97 after a three-point play by Billups with 25.9 seconds left. The Clippers had to foul, though, and  Wesley Matthews  knocked down a pair with 22.0 seconds to go, and the visitors were through scoring for the night. QUOTABLE II:  "We could never quite get over the hump. We would cut (the Blazers' lead) back, and then we would miss a couple of free throws or we'd turn it over, and they'd get an easy one or a tip-in."    -- Clippers coach Vinny Del Negro HOT:  The Blazers made their first five shots from the field and wound up shooting 51.4 percent for the game. NOT: Chris Paul  was 0-for-3 and went scoreless in a foul-plagued first half. The Clipper guard scored all 11 of his points in the second half. QUOTABLE III:  "I made good plays and bad plays, and I also hit free throws down the stretch. it happens. I'm not perfect. Try to be, but I'm not."   -- Portland guard  Raymond Felton , who had two turnovers but also two steals and 4-for-6 on free throws over the 46 seconds. INSIDE THE ARENA: Rob Mullens , University of Oregon's athletic director, watched from a suite seat. GOOD MOVE:  With the Blazers clinging to a 102-97 lead, Felton moved over to help on Griffin as he backed  Marcus Camby  to the basket. Felton picked the ball from Griffin as he went up for the shot, was fouled and made a free throw to all but seal the deal with 14.2 seconds to go. BAD MOVE:  Felton turned the ball over twice in a span of 16 seconds inside the final minute to keep the Clippers' faint hopes alive. NOTABLE:  Portland is 6-0 at home and 1-2 on the road this season. The Blazers have won 10 of their last 12 meetings with the Clippers. UP NEXT:  For the Blazers, Wednesday vs. Orlando, Friday @ San Antonio, Saturday @ Houston. For the Clippers, Wednesday vs. Miami, Saturday vs. L.A. Lakers, Monday vs. New Jersey  