  Rockets-Trail Blazers notebook   By Kerry Eggers, for NBA.com Posted Monday January 3, 2011 12:26AM THE FACTS: LaMarcus Aldridge  led six Trail Blazers in double figures with 25 points and grabbed 11 rebounds as they rolled to their eighth straight home victory 100-85 over Houston Sunday night at the Rose Garden. It is Portland's longest home streak since a 12-game run from January to March 2009. QUOTABLE:  "I was asking Patty if (Aaron) Brooks did something to him. I've never seen him look that hungry offensively before." LaMarcus Aldridge on  Patty Mills,  who scored 12 of his career-high 14 points in an eight-minute first-half spurt. THE STAT:  Portland, the No. 3 rebounding team in the NBA, dominated the boards 47-40, points in the paint 46-28 and second-chance points 21-11. TURNING POINT:  Houston was still within 63-58 early in the third quarter when the Blazers went on a 12-0 run to put the game away. QUOTABLE II:  "We were a step behind all night. (The Blazers) were quicker than we were. We just weren't ready to play. They attacked us. First time we've had that kind of effort in awhile."    -   Houston coach  Rick Adelman. HOT:   Nicolas Batum  scored 21 points on 8-of-12 shooting, going 5 for 5 in the second half. NOT:  Houston, which entered the game fifth in the NBA with a .385 3-point percentage, made only 4 of 20 attempts from beyond the arc. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT: Marcus Camby  nearly landed an unusual double-double (for him), finishing with 13 rebounds and a season-high eight assists to go with three points and three blocked shots. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Taco Bell's in-game promotion awards each spectator a free chalupa every time the Trail Blazers score 100 points. With Portland ahead 97-74 and four minutes left, fans started chanting "Chaw-loo-pah!" with each Blazer possession. Four straight trips, no Blazer points. Finally, fans gave up and quieted down. Sure enough, next possession,  Rudy Fernandez  buried a 3-pointer to hit the C-note, much to the delight of the partisans. GOOD MOVE:  In the third quarter, Camby went to the floor for a steal and saved the ball to Batum, who converted an acrobatic running bank shot to finish a 12-0 run. BAD MOVE:  Houston rookie  Patrick Patterson  stood and watched instead of providing help defense as Batum darted off a pick-and-roll for a second-quarter dunk. ROOKIE WATCH:  Patterson had five points and collected 10 rebounds for the second straight game. NOTABLE:  LaMarcus Aldridge notched his ninth 20/10 game of the season with 25 points and 11 rebounds ? and he didn't play in the fourth quarter. UP NEXT:  For the Blazers, at Dallas Tuesday, at Houston Wednesday, at Minnesota Friday. For the Rockets, at Denver Monday, Portland Wednesday, at Orlando Friday.  