  Notebook: Pacers 92, Blazers 75 Posted Tuesday March 13, 2012 10:47PM By Conrad Brunner, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The last time the Indiana Pacers took the floor in Bankers Life Fieldhouse, they heard an unfamiliar sound: boos from the home crowd as they fell behind early and lost to Atlanta. Tuesday night, they heard a similarly unusual chant, but this time it had an entirely different meaning: "Loooooooooo." With the crowd calling his name whenever he touched the ball, journeyman  Lou Amundson  racked up a career-high 21 points and shot 10-of-11 as the Pacers routed Portland 92-75 to snap a four-game losing streak. With Amundson providing a major spark, the second unit opened an 18-point lead in the second quarter. The starters then blew it open in the third, pushing the advantage to 25 and the rout was on. The Pacers (24-16) led by as many as 29 and held Portland to .313 shooting. The Blazers (20-22) dropped to 1-3 on their seven-game road trip. QUOTABLE: " Our bench was spectacular. They took charge in the second quarter and Lou Amundson was MVP. It was a really good team effort all the way around."   -- Pacers Coach  Frank Vogel THE STAT:  With Amundson,  George Hill  (11) and  Tyler Hansbrough  (eight) doing most of the damage, the Indiana bench racked up 44 points, 22 rebounds and 15 assists. TURNING POINT:  Though Portland was ice-cold early, shooting 2-of-15 in the first quarter, the Pacers led just 19-15 as the Blazers made a steady procession to the free-throw line. That stopped when the second unit hit the floor in the second quarter as Amundson scored twice in an 8-0 run that pushed the lead to 12 and later scored to extend it to 44-26. Portland cut it to 10 at halftime but the starters quickly took control with a 10-2 run early in the third. QUOTABLE II:  "I'm really feeling confident and tonight it felt really good out there. I feel I'm getting a lot more comfortable in our system and with the players' and coaches' encouragement." - Amundson HOT:  Amundson made his first nine shots before missing and continued his recent surge. In the last eight games, he has averaged 6.9 points, 5.5 rebounds and .564 shooting off the bench, perhaps easing the pressure on the Pacers front office to make a deal for another big man before Thursday's trading deadline. NOT:  There were several notable stat lines from the Blazers, who had just two players score in double figures.  LaMarcus Aldridge  scored 17 but shot 5-of-15.  Raymond Felton  was 2-of-8,  Gerald Wallace  1-of-4 and  Jamal Crawford  2-of-7. The Blazers were 5-of-22 from the 3-point line and had just five assists against 15 turnovers. QUOTABLE III:  "I know Coach  (Dick) Harter  would be proud of our 31 percent field goal defense tonight."   -- Vogel, referring to the former Pacers assistant who passed away Monday night. GOOD MOVE:  With the second unit playing well, Vogel let them stay in the game much longer than usual in the second quarter, riding their energy wave to an 18-point lead before they obviously tired and the starters were brought back. BAD MOVE:   Marcus Camby  was healthy for exactly one possession, tweaking his left shoulder and leaving shortly thereafter. Without their primary interior defensive presence, the Blazers were shredded 50-16 on points in the paint and outrebounded 50-38. NOTABLE:  The Pacers have won seven in a row against teams with losing records, but have dropped their last eight against opponents with winning marks. They'll try to snap that streak Wednesday at home against Philadelphia. ...  Jeff Foster  missed his sixth straight game with a sore back. He'll be out at least the rest of this week before being re-evaluated next week. ... The Blazers went 8:21 without a field goal in the first half, missing eight shots in a row spanning the first and second periods. UP NEXT:  For the Pacers, Wednesday vs. Philadelphia, Friday @ New York, Saturday vs. New York. For the Blazers, Wednesday @ New York, Friday @ Chicago, Sunday @ Oklahoma City.  