  Notebook: Warriors 99, Pistons 91   By Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com Posted Sunday January 15, 2012 9:47PM THE FACTS:  Forward  David Lee  had 24 points and guard  Monta Ellis  added 22 as the Golden State Warriors notched their first road victory, 99-91, over the Detroit Pistons Sunday night. Four other players reached double figures as the Warriors bounced back from a 112-100 loss at Charlotte Saturday. Center  Greg Monroe  led the Pistons, who lost for the seventh time in eight games, with 25 points and eight rebounds. QUOTABLE:  "It's just a matter of time before we turn that corner. Tonight, we couldn't fall down and go into a deeper hole, knowing what we've got ahead of us. We should take this game and build from it."   --   Ellis after Golden State moved to 1-1 on its four-game road trip. THE STAT:  2-15. The Warriors won at The Palace of Auburn Hills for just the second time in the last 17 meetings, dating back to the 1994-95 season. They didn't play at Detroit during the 1999 lockout shortened season. Their only previous victory during that stretch was a 111-93 win on March 5, 2007, when Ellis scored 13 points off the bench as a backup to  Jason Richardson  and  Baron Davis . TURNING POINT:  Reserve point guard  Nate Robinson  sparked a 10-0 Golden State run early in the fourth, scoring six of his 10 points during that span. That turned a 5-point advantage into a commanding 88-73 lead. The Pistons missed three 3-point attempts and committed two turnovers, forcing coach  Lawrence Frank  to cut short Monroe's rest time. QUOTABLE II:  "They were a step quicker, a step faster, a step more aggressive and they deserved the victory."   --  Pistons coach Lawrence Frank on the Warriors. HOT:  Lee, who fouled out with 4:40 remaining, had his streak of consecutive double-doubles snapped at six but still led his team in scoring.. He is averaging 19.3 points and 12.0 rebounds over the last seven games. He kept Golden State close in the first half with 17 points and wound up shooting 10 of 12 from the field. NOT:  Pistons third-year forward  Austin Daye  looked like an up-and-coming offensive dynamo in spurts last season but is suffering from a severe lack of confidence. He went 1 of 5 from the field and passed up some other open shots while scoring three points. Daye has missed all 13 of his 3-point attempts this season after shooting 40.1 percent from long range last season. GOOD MOVE:  The Warriors probed the Pistons' weak interior defense and scored 48 points in the paint. Pushing the tempo helped that cause. According to Frank's account, Golden State scored 24 of its 30 third-quarter points in transition. BAD MOVE:  The Pistons had a day off Saturday but still looked like they had tired legs. They failed to convert their fast-break opportunities and didn't take advantage of the Warriors' equally spotty defense, making less than 50 percent of their shots inside the paint. NOTABLE:  Golden State guard  Stephen Curry  missed his sixth consecutive game with a sprained right ankle. ... The Pistons played without three reserves -- forwards  Charlie Villanueva  (ankle) and  Damien Wilkins  (personal reasons) and guard  Will Bynum  (foot). ... Golden State shot 52.1 percent despite making just 3 of 15 3-point attempts. ... Detroit forward  Tayshaun Prince  had a season-high 20 points. UP NEXT:  For the Warriors, Tuesday @ Cleveland, Wednesday @ New Jersey,, Friday vs. Indiana. For the Pistons, Tuesday @ Houston, Wednesday @ Minnesota, Friday vs. Memphis.  