  Notebook: Trail Blazers 101, Kings 89   By Kerry Eggers, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday January 24, 2012 2:08AM THE FACTS:  The Trail Blazers broke things open early, jumping to a 20-point second-quarter lead, and breezed to a 101-89 victory over the Kings on Monday night at the Rose Garden.  Jamal Crawford  came off the bench for a season-high 26 points to lead Portland (10-7), while  Gerald Wallace  contributed 20 points on 9-for-12 shooting to go with eight rebounds.  LaMarcus Aldridge  had 13 points and 16 rebounds for the Blazers, who improved to 7-1 at home.  DeMarcus Cousins  led Sacramento (6-12) with 18 points and 13 boards. QUOTABLE:  "We missed shots early, but our defense got aggressive, started to force some turnovers and create some easy baskets. It got us into the flow offensively. ... and created the momentum we rode throughout the game."   --  Portland coach  Nate McMillan  on the Blazers' 20-2 surge in the second quarter that broke the game open. THE STAT:  Sacramento came into the game second in the NBA in offensive rebounding, but Portland beat the Kings 19-11 in that department and had a whopping 53-36 advantage overall on the boards. TURNING POINT:  Portland's lead was 33-31 midway through the second quarter when the Blazers' 20-2 run pushed them ahead by 20. Wallace's back-to-back steals and run-out baskets were key during the stretch. QUOTABLE II:  "We did try to compete throughout the game. the second quarter got away from us toward the end. It only takes a couple of moments in a game for it to separate. That's what we had in that three-minute segment of the second quarter, and that was the game."   --  Sacramento coach  Keith Smart . HOT:  Though only one of his baskets came from the outside, Wallace had it going offensively, making 9 of 12 shots from the field. That despite playing with a wrapped middle finger on his right hand from an injury that caused him to miss the previous game. "Even with the finger, he probably shot the ball as well as he has throughout the season," McMillan said. NOT:  Sacramento made 12 of 21 shots from the field to bring its field-goal percentage up to .400, but through three quarters, the Kings were an unsightly .339 (20 for 59) from the field. QUOTABLE III:  "Talking to Coach McMillan, LaMarcus,  Ray (Felton) , (team president)  Larry Miller , all those guys said, 'Just play. You gotta be the player you were before you came here. You can't try to fit in. That's not why we brought you here. What you bring to the table is what we need.' So coming into the game, I felt good. It was a fresh start. I cleared my head. I said, 'This is day one all over again. Good or bad, I'm going to be aggressive and be the player I have been my whole career.' "   --  Jamal Crawford, after scoring a season-high 26 points. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Oakland Raiders tight end  Kevin Boss , a Philomath, Ore., native, was tossing signed footballs to fans during a fourth-quarter timeout. Former NBA great  Gary Payton , an ex-Oregon State standout, was also in the house. GOOD MOVE:  Crawford took his devil-may-care mental approach into the game. It seemed to work. NOTABLE: Luke Babbitt's  3-pointer in the closing seconds -- his first points of the season -- drew the night's biggest cheer. The basket pushed the Blazers over the 100-point barrier, meaning each fan got a coupon for a free chalupa through a Taco Bell sponsorship. UP NEXT:  For the Blazers, Memphis Tuesday, at Golden State Friday, Phoenix Friday. For the Kings, Denver Wednesday, at Utah Saturday, at Golden State Tuesday.  