
 Wizards-Raptors notebook   By Natasha Alibhai, for NBA.com Posted Friday March 18, 2011 11:12PM THE FACTS:  The Toronto Raptors, wearing their green uniforms, may have had the luck of the Irish on their side as they were able to overcome a late surge by the Wizards to come out with a 116-107 victory. A back-and-forth affair between two basement dwellers in the Eastern Conference, it took big nights from  Andrea Bargnani  (33 points) and  DeMar DeRozan  (30 points) for the Raptors to seal the win. For the Wizards it was a little coming out party for the Rookies, three of whom scored 20+ points on the night. QUOTABLE:  "It was the quietest 30 I have seen in a long time. He didn't panic and again, you take 15 shots and you score 30 points, you are doing alright"  --  Jay Triano  on DeMar DeRozan's night. THE STAT:  The Raptors made 33 free throws which ties a season high. 15 of those came from Bargnani who set a new career high in free throws made and attempted (15-18). 13 of Bargnani's 18 first half points came at the free throw line. TURNING POINT:  The Wizards went on a 9-0 run late in the fourth quarter to cut the lead down to two but the Raptors were able to put the game away for good after making six consecutive free throws. Those free throws were part of a 9-1 run for them and they never looked back. HOT:  DeMar DeRozan reached the 30 point mark for the third time this month. He shot 11-15 from the floor and got to the line nine times. NOT:   Jordan Crawford  racked up 25 points but it took him 27 shots to get there. He was cold from long range (0-5) and only got to the free throw line twice. Adding to that he turned the ball over five times. INSIDE THE ARENA: Samuel L Jackson  sat courtside and was presented with a Raptors jersey. ROOKIE WATCH:  The Wizards had three rookies in the starting lineup and got a career high in scoring from  Trevor Booker  (26 points on 12-15 shooting.) He also tied his career high in rebounds with 13. NOTABLE:  Andrea Bargnani reached 500 three pointers made when he connected on his second of the game. The Raptors wore their alternative green uniforms to celebrate St. Patricks day. UP NEXT:  For the Wizards, Sunday vs. New Jersey, Tuesday @ Portland, and Wednesday @ Clippers. For the Raptors, Sunday @ Oklahoma City, Monday @ Denver, and Wednesday @Phoenix. 
