
 Magic-Heat notebook   By Shandel Richardson, for NBA.com Posted Saturday October 30, 2010 12:07AM THE FACTS:  The Miami Heat, behind a strong third quarter, defeated the Orlando Magic 96-70 Friday at AmericanAirlines Arena. QUOTABLE:  "When me and  Chris  [ Bosh ] decided to join him [ Dwyane Wade ], and even the rest of the guys, this is what we envisioned. Is it going to be a 26-point win every night? No, it's the NBA and we know that, but the fans, they came out and the least we could do is play hard for them."   -- LeBron James THE STAT:  The Magic shot just 30.4 percent from the field, including 4-for-24 on 3-pointers. TURNING POINT:  The Heat led 51-45 at halftime, but took control with a 14-0 run to start the second half. It turned into a highlight reel for Miami. HOT:  Heat forward  James Jones  was 3-for-5 on 3-pointers. He is 9-for-14 in the past two games.  NOT:  The Magic shot 2-for-20 in the third quarter, scoring just 10 points. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Wade   showed rust in the season-opener before scoring 30 against the Philadelphia 76ers Wednesday. For those still doubting he's recovered from a preseason hamstring injury, he had 26 points and six rebounds against the Magic. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Among the celebs in the house were singers  Jimmy Buffet ,  Marc Anthony  and  Chris Brown , and rappers  Ludacris ,  Timbaland  and  PitBull . GOOD MOVE:  The commitment of coach  Erik Spoelstra  making this a defensive team from the start. He stressed it during the preseason and it showed Friday. BAD MOVE:  After Magic center  Dwight Howard  scored 19 points in the first half, he received less touches in the decisive third quarter. He had zero points in the second half. NOTABLE:  The Magic finished with just five assists. They had three in the first half and none in the third quarter. Boston Celtics guard  Rajon Rondo  had 24 assists Friday against the New York Knicks. UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Sunday @ New Jersey, Tuesday vs. Minnesota, Friday @ New Orleans. For the Magic, Tuesday @ New York, Wednesday vs. Minnesota, Friday vs. New Jersey. 
