  Notebook: Raptors 99, Suns 96   By Mike Tulumello, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday January 25, 2012 12:34AM THE FACTS:   Andrea Bargnani  shook off his sore left calf and returned to the Toronto Raptors' lineup Tuesday night in Phoenix. That was enough for the Raptors to snap their eight-game losing streak by coming from behind, then holding on for a 99-96 win over the Suns. Bargnani, who had missed six straight games, scored 36 points, including 12-for-12 from the free-throw line. Leandro Barbosa  scored 19 off the bench for the Raptors. For the Suns,  Marcin Gortat  had 21 points and 12 rebounds.  Steve Nash  added 17 points and 14 assists. The Suns (6-11) led 52-48 at halftime, though the Raptors took over with a 31-19 edge in the third quarter. The Raptors (5-13) nearly gave it away at the end, though. The Suns'  Jared Dudley  stole the ball at midcourt and drove in for a layup with 23 seconds left to cut the lead to 96-94. But Bargnani hit two free throws, Nash's layup spun out, and the Raptors had the win. QUOTABLE:  "Andrea makes everything easy for everybody else."    -- Raptors coach  Dwane Casey . THE STAT:  The Suns had won 14 straight vs. the Raptors, their longest such active streak and one of the longest in the entire NBA. TURNING POINT:  The Suns led throughout the first half, but the Raptors edged back in the game by closing out the half with a 9-2 run that closed the gap to 52-48 at the break. The Raptors dominated the third quarter by outscoring the Suns 26-11 over a 9-minute span that gave them a 79-69 lead. QUOTABLE II:  "I give credit to my teammates. They kept looking for me. That got me in a rhythm."    -- Andrea Bargnani, who admitted being rusty in a 9-point (2-for-8) first half. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  In addition to Bargnani, the Raptors  Jerryd Bayless  played his second straight game (he shot 1-for-6) after missing 13 in a row with an ankle injury. GOOD MOVE:  In addition to Bargnani's return, Casey shook up his starting lineup further by inserting center  Aaron Gray  for  Amir Johnson . A lineup of Gray, Bargnani and  James Johnson  up front with guards  Jose Calderon  and Barbosa took control of the game in the third quarter. BAD MOVE:  The Suns' 11-man rotation didn't work. ROOKIE WATCH:  Suns coach  Alvin Gentry  is thinking of returning forward  Markief Morris  to a reserve role. Morris had four points and one board in 17 minutes and was unsuccessful in chasing around Bargnani Tuesday night. Before the game, Gentry said, "He's going against front-line players. I'm not sure that's the right thing for him now." NOTABLE:  Suns center  Robin Lopez  was ejected in the second quarter for bumping a referee. The Suns fell to an embarrassing 3-5 at home. This includes losses to New Orleans, New Jersey, Cleveland and, now, Toronto. UP NEXT:  For the Raptors, Wednesday @ Utah, Friday @ Denver, Sunday @ New Jersey. For the Suns, Friday @ Portland, Saturday vs. Memphis, Monday vs. Dallas.  