Notebook: Nuggets 111, Grizzlies 108 
 
 
 Michael Kelly, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Jan 04, 2014 1:20 AM - Updated Sat Jan 04, 2014 1:41 AM 
 
 THE FACT : The Denver Nuggets snapped an eight-game skid avoided their longest losing streak since dropping 14 in a row during the 2002-03 season. 
 
 THE LEAD :  Ty Lawson  had 18 points and 12 assists,  Kenneth Faried  and  Timofey Mozgov  scored 16 apiece and the Denver Nuggets (15-17) held on to beat the Memphis Grizzlies 111-108 on Friday night. 
 
 Nate Robinson  had 15 points off the bench, including a big 3-pointer and layup in the final 3:49 to help the Nuggets end their five-game home skid. 
 
 Zach Randolph  had 25 points and 13 rebounds and  Mike Conley  had 23 points and eight assists for Memphis (14-18).  
 Randolph had seven points, including five free throws, in the third quarter when the Grizzlies wiped out a 10-point halftime deficit to lead by five at one point before Denver took the lead for good late in the third. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "It's a wonderful feeling. We got the monkey off our back. We can't put it back on."  --  Faried 
 
 
 THE STAT : The Grizzlies made a push in the third quarter by dominating from the foul line. Memphis shot the first 12 free throws of the period and outscored Denver 12-4 from the line. The Grizzlies didn't commit their first foul until there was 1:45 left in the third. 
 
 TURNING POINT : With the Nuggets trying to hold on, Memphis guard  Tony Allen  stole the ball from  Darrell Arthur . The Grizzlies ran up the court but Arthur stole the ball back, fed Robinson for an uncontested layup and a 107-101 lead. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We had a couple of steals we didn't convert. That play where Nate got the layup, where Tony had stolen it and they stole it right back. Tough plays, game-winning plays. They made them tonight and we didn't."  --  Conley 
 
 
 HOT:  Randolph now has 20 double-doubles this season and 17 in his last 23 games. Five of his nine rebounds in the first half were offensive, and the only ones the Grizzlies got in the first half 
 
 NOT:  The Memphis bench was outplayed by Denver's reserves. The Nuggets' subs outscored them 49-26, with three players scoring in double figures.  Jon Leuer  (11 points) was the only Memphis bench player to reach double figures. 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA : The Nuggets rescinded the two-game suspension of guard  Andre Miller  before tip-off Friday, although Miller has been given a leave of absence until early next week. Miller was suspended by the team Thursday for shouting at coach  Brian Shaw  on the bench during the loss to Philadelphia a day earlier. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Shaw held a team meeting and individual meetings with players Thursday to get everybody on the right page. The Nuggets played relaxed and loose for the first time in two weeks. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "We stopped playing so tight and nervous and hesitant. We just came out and hooped and didn't really care about the rotation or care who was playing at the time. We were just pulling for each other and wanted to win."  --  Faried 
 
 
 BAD MOVE:  The Grizzlies stopped being aggressive after taking a 71-66 lead late in the third. That aggressiveness helped them come back from 16 down in the first half but once the Nuggets pushed back they started fouling and missing shots.  
 
 QUOTABLE IV:  "We gave ourselves a chance. They made a run, we bounced back. We felt we should have won the game."  --  Randolph 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  The Nuggets are 23-9 when Lawson has recorded a double-double in his five-year career. ... Conley has scored in double figures in 28 of 30 games this season. ... Denver is 5-0 when shooting better than 50 percent. ... The Grizzlies' 38 foul shots were the second most by a Nuggets opponent this year...Memphis is 2-12 when allowing at least 100 points...Conley's 23 points marks the 10th time this season he has hit the 20-point mark. The Grizzlies are 2-8 in those games...The Nuggets averaged 93.5 ppg during their eight-game losing streak. They scored 111 Friday night.  
 
 UP NEXT : For the Grizzlies, Sunday @ Detroit, Tuesday vs. San Antonio, Friday vs. Phoenix. For the Nuggets, Sunday @ L.A. Lakers, Tuesday vs. Boston, Thursday vs. Oklahoma City. 
