  Notebook: Nuggets 104, Magic 101 Posted Monday April 2, 2012 1:52AM By Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com    THE FACTS:  With Magic center  Dwight Howard  missing his first game of the season, the Denver Nuggets shot 56 percent and won in Orlando for only the second time in 20 years, 104-101. Ty Lawson  led the Nuggets with 29 points and nine assists and iced the game with an 18-foot jump shot with 23.9 seconds left. Magic forward  Ryan Anderson  turned his ankle at that time and left the game. Jameer Nelson  scored a game-high 27 points for the Magic and  Glen Davis , starting at center in place of Howard, put up 18 points and a career-high 16 rebounds. THE STAT:  Denver's 56 percent shooting was easily the best of the season against the Magic. In 48 preceding games, the best any Magic opponent shot was 52 percent by Golden State on Jan. 12. QUOTABLE:  "We could not get a stop in any situations. I've been saying all along that we need to get a lot, lot, lot better defensively and tonight that was certainly exposed."   -- Magic coach  Stan Van Gundy TURNING POINT:  The Nuggets scored on four straight possessions early in the fourth quarter, the last two on baskets by  Al Harrington , to stretch a one-point lead to seven. HOT:  Lawson and  Arron Afflalo , Denver's starting guards, combined on 18-for-30 shooting, including 5-for-9 from beyond the arc. NOT:  Orlando's  Jason Richardson  shot 3-for-12 including a desperation heave at the final horn, taken at least a second before it was necessary. In nine games since returning from an ankle injury, Richardson is 25-for-75 overall and 8-for-38 in 3-point shooting. QUOTABLE II:  "I tried taking another dribble, kind of stumbled, felt like my leg got caught on one of their legs. Ref saw something else. It's like that sometimes."   -- Jason Richardson on his final shot GOOD MOVE:  With three-time Defensive Player of the Year Howard sidelined, the Nuggets kept attacking the rim, making 15 of their first 21 shots and 40-of-72 for the game. QUOTABLE III:  "The strategy of the game is quite different when they don't have the best center in the NBA playing on the court."   -- Nuggets coach  George Karl BAD MOVE:  The Nuggets were leading by five with under a minute to go when Harrington, a 30 percent 3-point shooter, fired up a 25-footer with plenty of time left on the shot clock, missing badly. ROOKIE WATCH:  Nuggets forward  Kenneth Faried  had a major impact in 27 minutes, blocking two shots and grabbing nine rebounds. NOTABLE:  It was only the eighth game missed due to injury on Howard's eight-year career ...  Corey Brewer  started at small forward for the Nuggets in place of  Wilson Chandler , who has a groin strain ... The Nuggets completed their first series sweep of the Magic since 1991-92, Orlando's third year in the league. UP NEXT:  For the Nuggets, Wednesday @ New Orleans, Friday vs. Phoenix, Saturday @ Golden State. For the Magic, Tuesday @ Detroit, Thursday vs. New York, Saturday @ Philadelphia.  