Notebook: Heat 107, Lakers 97 
 
 
 Zachary Paul, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Feb 10, 2013 8:20 PM - Updated Sun Feb 10, 2013 8:20 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:  The Miami Heat defeated the Los Angeles Lakers 107-97 Sunday at AmericanAirlines Arena.  
 
 LeBron James  led the way with 32 points, seven rebounds and four assists. It was James' fifth straight game with at least 30 points, breaking guard  Dwyane Wade' s  team record of four. Wade also finished with 30 points and a team-high five assists.  
 The game marked the return of Heat center  Chris Bosh , who missed the last two games because of the flu. Bosh scored 12 points and had a game-high 11 rebounds. After being tied at halftime, the Heat pulled away in the fourth quarter behind Wade and James.  
 
 Kobe Bryant  led four Lakers in double-figures with 28 points.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I say this to Miami fans, don't take it for granted. He's making greatness look easy."  --  Heat coach  Erik Spoelstra  said on James.  
 
 
 THE STAT:  James, Wade and Bosh combined to shoot 30 of 49 from the field.    
 
 TURNING POINT:  Holding a two-point lead midway through the fourth quarter, the Heat created just enough separation with a 5-0 run. Wade scored all five points during the stretch.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  Turnovers were the problem in the last nine minutes of the game. Again, you have to give them (the Heat) credit. We just didn't make the right play at the right time. They did."  --  Lakers coach  Mike D'Antoni  said.  
 
 
 HOT:  James and Wade combined to shoot 24 of 36 from the field. What made it tough for the Lakers was both were able to score inside and outside. When James or Wade have their jumpshots going, they are nearly impossible to stop.    
 
 NOT: Metta World Peace  was the downfall for the Lakers. His defense against James was non-existent and he also shot just 3 of 11 from the field.   
 
 GOOD MOVE:  James was given a rest early in the fourth quarter, but was able to get longer breather because Wade picked up the scoring load and helped the team extend the lead.   
 
 BAD MOVE:  The Lakers didn't exploit their advantage at point guard. Guard  Steve Nash  was actually outplayed by  Mario Chalmers  and  Norris Cole , who combined for 20 points and five assists. Nash finished with 15 points and two assists.  
 
 NOTABLE:  James set the franchise record with his fifth straight 30-point games ... The Heat improved to 22-3 at home ... Miami has won six of the last seven against the Lakers.  
 
 UP   NEXT:  For the Heat, Tuesday vs. Trail Blazers, Thursday @ Thunder, Feb. 20 @ Hawks. For the Lakers, Tuesday vs. Suns, Thursday vs. Clippers, Feb. 20 vs. Celtics.  
