
 Warriors-Grizzlies notebook   By Marlon W. Morgan, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday March 30, 2011 11:38PM THE FACTS:  After falling behind by 10 points in the third quarter, the Memphis Grizzlies turned up the defense, led by guard  Tony Allen , and ran out to a 110-91 win over the Golden State Warriors at FedExForum. In addition to his three steals, Allen had game-high 21 points to go with his eight rebounds and four assists as the Grizzlies clinched their first winning season since 2005-06 with their 42nd victory. QUOTABLE:  "The guy who has been playing very well over the last two weeks or so with his defense is Tony Allen in the passing lanes and going to the offensive glass.''   -- Golden State coach  Keith Smart THE STAT:  The Grizzlies continue to be unbeatable at home when facing teams playing their second game of a back-to-back. Tonight's win improved their record to 14-0 at home in such games and they are an NBA-best 17-1 overall. TURNING POINT:  Golden State came out of the locker room and scored five straight points to take a 58-48 lead. The Grizzlies responded by outscoring the Warriors 31-14 the rest of the quarter. It was sparked by their defense which had five of their 12 steals in the period, three by Allen. HOT:  After missing their first five shots to start the game, the Grizzlies made 48 of their next 80 and finished the game shooting season-high 56.5 percent. The Grizzlies added to their franchise record with their seventh consecutive home game of shooting .500 or better from the floor. NOT:  The Warriors missed their first six shots but managed to shoot 53.5 percent in the first half. But in the second half, they cooled considerable, making just 16 of their 40 attempts (40 percent). QUOTABLE II:  "We came out a little sluggish. It wasn't the best first half we had all year, but we stuck with it and we responded to coach's scolding at halftime. He said we need to get back to doing what we do and that's playing hard at both ends. We were able to pull it out simply because we locked in at the defensive end and played at our pace.''   -- Grizzlies guard Allen NOTABLE:  Golden State guard  Monta Ellis  left the game with 2:16 remaining after suffering a strained right ankle. Precautionary x-rays taken after the game were negative and he will be day-to-day. ... Grizzlies forward  Zach Randolph  had 20 points, 13 rebounds and six assists, one shy of tying his season high. ... What a difference a night makes. After combining for 55 points in Tuesday's loss at Oklahoma City, Golden State guards  Stephen Curry  and  Monta Ellis  combined for just 22 against the Grizzlies. Ellis had 16 of those on 7 of 14 shooting, which Curry made just 2 of 14 shots for six points. ... The Grizzlies won for the ninth time this season after trailing by double-digits in the second half. Only the Utah Jazz has more come-from-behind wins. ... Memphis had 28 assists to go with a season-low seven turnovers. UP NEXT: For the Warriors, Saturday vs. Dallas, Tuesday @ Portland, April 6 vs. L.A. Lakers. For the Grizzlies, Friday @ New Orleans, Saturday vs. Minnesota, Tuesday vs. L.A. Clippers. 
