
 Nuggets-Jazz notebook   By Andrew Aragon, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday April 13, 2011 11:36PM THE FACTS:   Gordon Hayward  scored a career-high 34 points to lead the Utah Jazz to a 107-103 win over the Denver Nuggets in the regular season finale for both teams on Wednesday night. Devin Harris  had 21 points for the Jazz, who will miss the playoffs for the first time in five years and just the second time in the last 28 seasons. For the Nuggets, who will play Oklahoma City in the first round of the Western Conference playoffs,  Wilson Chandler  had a team-high 27 points. QUOTABLE:  "It's kind of a roller coaster. There have been ups and down and this was definitely a high. It's good to go into the offseason on this note, gives you some confidence and some motivation"   -- Jazz guard Gordon Hayward on his rookie season and how he closed it out against the Nuggets. THE STAT:  25. The Jazz's offense ran efficiently against the Nuggets because they shared the ball and made extra passes. They had 25 assists on 39 made baskets against Denver. TURNING POINT:  The Nuggets seemed to have control of the game when  Al Harrington  buried a 3-pointer to make it 103-99 with 2:10 remaining. But Harris answered with a driving layup, and Hayward tied it with two free throws.  Al Jefferson  gave the Jazz the lead for good at 105-103 with a jump hook over  Chris Andersen  with 35.5 seconds left in the game. QUOTABLE II:  "I didn't hear the news until about five minutes ago so I was probably more pissed off at losing the game than I was thinking about Oklahoma City. I've always thought it would be Oklahoma City, so we get who we thought we'd get about two weeks ago. Two weeks of worrying is over and now we can get preparing and get ready for the game."   -- Nuggets coach  George Karl  on his team's first-round opponent in the playoffs. HOT:  Both teams shot 56.1 percent in the first half.  Kosta Koufos , buried on Utah's bench in his first two seasons in the league, shot 7-for-11 and scored 14 points for Denver. Hayward shot 12-for-17, including 5-for-6 from 3-point range. NOT:  Harris shot 1-for-6 and committed two turnovers in the third quarter.  Earl Watson  shot 0-for-4 and committed four turnovers for the Jazz. For Denver, Chandler shot 3-for-11 in the second half, and Harrington shot 4-for-14 for the game. The Nuggets were 3-for-14 from 3-point range. FANTASY WATCH:  Chandler, who didn't play in the Nuggets' previous two games and was listed as questionable for Wednesday's contest, gave his owners a nice treat with 27 points. He also had six rebounds, three assists and a blocked shot. Chandler had scored in single figures in six of the last seven games he played in. ROOKIE WATCH:  Obviously, Hayward was the star of the game and he capped his rookie season in style. The Jazz also got contributions from  Derrick Favors  (12 points, seven rebounds, three assists and three steals) and  Jeremy Evans  (seven points on 3-for-3 shooting, four rebounds). For the Nuggets,  Gary Forbes  made his 11th start and scored 17 points and had six rebounds. NOTABLE:  Nuggets guard  Ty Lawson  sprained his left ankle in the second quarter and did not return. Both teams only played eight players. Hayward's 34 points are the most by a Jazz rookie since at least 1986. UP NEXT:  For the Nuggets, first-round playoff series vs. Oklahoma City. 
