Notebook: Clippers 103, Kings 102 
 
 
 Dan Arritt, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Nov 23, 2013 9:41 PM - Updated Sat Nov 23, 2013 10:48 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  Clippers point guard  Chris Paul  finished with 22 points and nine assists, ending his NBA record streak of 13 straight games with double figures in both categories to start the season. 
 
 THE LEAD : Paul drew a foul with 2.5 seconds remaining, made one of the free throws and  DeAndre Jordan  partially blocked  DeMarcus Cousins ' jumper at the buzzer, allowing the Clippers to escape with a 103-102 victory against the visiting Kings at Staples Center. Paul's historic streak of double-doubles (points and assists) to start the season ended at 12 as he collected "only" nine assists.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I was proud of our guys at the end. We had to gather ourselves and get the lead back." --  Clippers coach  Doc Rivers . 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Clippers are 6-0 at home against Sacramento since start of  Blake Griffin's  rookie year in 2010-11.    
 
 TURNING POINT : The Kings had come all the way back from an early 20-point deficit and took their biggest lead, 94-89, with 3:18 remaining. Cousins, who has beefed with Griffin in the past, then hammered Griffin after he collected an offensive rebound, earning a technical foul.  J.J. Redick  made the free throw for the technical and Griffin then made both his foul tries, shifting the momentum to the L.A. side.  Isaiah Thomas  twice tied the score with free throws in the final minute but on the final possession for L.A., Paul held the ball at the top of the key until the game clock wound down to about six seconds, drove to the lane and tried to split between Cousins and  Patrick Patterson , with Patterson getting whistled for the foul. Paul, who missed two free throws earlier in the game, made the first and missed the second, but Cousins was unable to come through on the other end. 
 
 HOT:  The Clippers came out smoking, shooting 62.5 percent in the opening quarter as eight different players scored points to help them to a 29-13 lead. The Clippers sank their first four 3-point attempts and finished 11-for-25 for the game from beyond the arc. All five starters scored in double figures for L.A., led by Paul's 22 points on 7-for-13 shooting. Jordan also had a huge game, finishing with 17 points and 12 rebounds while making all six of his field-goal attempts. Cousins finished with a good line of 23 points, 17 rebounds and seven assists but for the second time this season against the Clippers he was called for a technical foul in the final minutes that changed the course of the game. Sacramento also got big games off the bench from Thomas, who scored 22 points, and Patterson, who contributed 21. 
 
 NOT:  If the Clippers had lost this game, the culprit would have been easy to find. They shot 26-for-45 from the line (57.8) and it wasn't just the usual players missing the free throws. Sure, Jordan went 5-for-14 from the stripe but he came in as 42.4 percent shooter for his career. It was the three misses by Paul and the one by Redick that stood out, as both came in shooting better than 90 percent on the season. Griffin did not convert a field goal in the first half for only the second time in his career and finished 3-for-10 with 16 points and 10 rebounds, but he did stretch his string of double-doubles to seven straight games. The Kings paid for their slow start after shooting 4-for-15 to start the game and 30 percent for the opening quarter. Other than Cousins, the remaining starters for the Kings combined to score 19 points. 
 
 GOOD MOVE :  Kings rookie  Ben McLemore  is still looking for that breakout game this season, but he provided the best dunk of the day against the Clippers and that's hard to do. The Clippers were enjoying a 16-0 run early on when McLemore put a stop to it with a breakaway tomahawk dunk that put his forehead at near rim level. Thomas also earned some courage points when the 5-foot-9 guard stood in to take a charge from 6-foot-7  Reggie Bullock  with 3:20 left in the third quarter and the Kings still chasing six points. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  The technical on Cousins has already been chronicled but there was another gaffe by the Kings that didn't help either.  Travis Outlaw  took down Redick with a clothes-line on a breakaway layup with the Kings leading by one and 8:06 left in the game and he was subsequently ejected after a video review. It's the second straight home game that an L.A. opponent has been called for a flagrant 2 foul against the Clippers.  Tony Allen  of the Grizzlies was ejected for inadvertently kicking Paul in the face on a drive to the basket on Monday. 
 
 QUOTABLE I :  ""I don't think Outlaw is a dirty player, despite his last name,"  --  Rivers . 
 
 
 NOTABLE:   Crawford converted a 4-point play in the opening half, extending his NBA record to 38 for his career. ... The Clippers missed just six shots in the opening quarter but had seven turnovers. ... Griffin made a 3-pointer in the third quarter to improve to 3-for-5 from beyond the arc this season... This was the first game this season Griffin has been held under 18 points. Jordan has recorded at least 12 rebounds five games in a row....The Kings have lost six straight to the Clippers.  
 
 UP NEXT:   For the Clippers, Sunday vs. Chicago, Wednesday vs. New York, Friday @ Sacramento. For the Kings, Sunday @ L.A. Lakers, Friday vs. L.A. Clippers, Sunday vs. Golden State. 
