Notebook: Raptors 109, Mavs 108 
 
 
 Micah Powell, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Dec 21, 2013 12:32 AM - Updated Sun Dec 22, 2013 9:25 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  Dallas lost its first home game in which it recorded a better field-goal percentage than its opponent.  
 
 THE LEAD: DeMar DeRozan  hit a contested jumper with 1:10 remaining, and  Monta Ellis  missed a floater at the buzzer as the Toronto Raptors secured a thrilling come-from-behind overtime win over the Dallas Mavericks, 109-108 Friday night at the American Airlines Center. 
 With the Raptors (10-14) trailing 101-99 with time winding down in regulation, DeRozan hit a fadeaway baseline jumper with 16 seconds remaining to send the game to overtime. The Raptors defense tightened up from there, holding Dallas (15-11) to just 3-for-10 shooting from the field in the extra frame.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "They came out swinging, hit us with a hay-maker, and I'm proud of the way our guys fought back. That's what the NBA is all about." 
 --Raptors coach  Dwane Casey 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Raptors scored 32 points off 17 Dallas turnovers, the most points off turnovers the Mavericks have allowed all season. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  In a game that was on its way to being over before halftime, Toronto worked its way back into the game from a 19-point first half deficit thanks to a 27-6 second-quarter run. Just 1-12 in games in which it entered the third quarter without a lead, Toronto once again overcame adversity by rattling off an 11-0 run to start the fourth quarter. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We built a big lead and then we had breakdowns and then we had too many mistakes. They chewed into the lead very quickly. It's hard to build a 19-point lead in this league. You have to play well and you have to do a lot of things on both sides of the ball. To give up the lead that easy gave them a lot of life and they outlasted us." 
 --Mavericks coach  Rick Carlisle 
 
 
 HOT: Jose Calderon  kept the Mavericks close down the stretch, hitting three of his career-high tying seven 3-pointers in the fourth quarter to erase an eight-point deficit and help send the game to overtime. Not only did DeRozan hit clutch shots in the fourth quarter and the overtime period, but the skilled shooter was a capable distributor, logging a career-high nine assists. Toronto shot a blistering 52.4 percent from long range, canning 11 of its 21 long-range attempts. 
 
 NOT:  The Mavericks' second unit struggled to hold onto the ball as it committed nine of the team's 15 turnovers.  Vince Carter  was the main culprit with six turnovers. 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:   Ellis recorded his third double-double of the season, posting 21 points and 11 assists. ...  Kyle Lowry  filled the stat sheet for Toronto, recording 20 points, six assists, five rebounds and three 3-pointers. 
 
 NOTABLE: Chuck Hayes  (heart) made his Raptors debut and played two minutes. ... Calderon scored a season-high 23 points. ...  Dirk Nowitzki  pulled within 35 points of  Alex English  for 13th place on the NBA all-time scoring list. ... All five Raptors starters scored in double digits. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Mavericks, Saturday @ Phoenix, Monday @ Houston, Thursday vs. San Antonio. For the Raptors, Sunday @ Oklahoma City, Monday @ San Antonio, Friday @ New York. 
