  Notebook: Hawks 93, Timberwolves 91   By Matt Winkeljohn, for NBA.com Posted Saturday January 14, 2012 10:47PM THE FACTS:  Still wonder if  Ivan Johnson  is for real? The well-traveled 27-year-old rookie forward made two free throws with four seconds left Saturday, and the sub's energy was critical as the Hawks staged a huge rally and then held on for a 93-91 win over the visiting Timberwolves. Johnson scored four of his 10 points in the final 49 seconds and had eight of his 11 rebounds in the fourth quarter as Atlanta came back after trailing by 18 with 3:40 left in the third quarter.  Joe Johnson  led the Hawks with a season-high 25 points, and  Jeff Teague  added 20. Kevin Love  paced Minnesota with 30 points and 13 rebounds, and rookie point guard  Ricky Rubio  added 18 points, 12 assists and five steals in his second straight start. The Hawks were listless for three-plus quarters, and Minnesota led 71-53 on Rubio's runner with 3:40 left in the third quarter. Then, the Hawks scored the final 10 points of the period and began the fourth quarter with a 14-2 run. The lead changed hands five times in the fourth quarter, when there were six ties as well. Minnesota tied it at 91 when Rubio slipped around a screen and nailed a three-pointer with 27 seconds left after Ivan Johnson's stick-back 11 seconds earlier had given the Hawks the lead. Johnson, who played at two junior colleges, two colleges, in South Korea, China, Puerto Rico and the D-League previously, grabbed an offensive rebound and was fouled by  Luke Ridnour  to set up his decisive free throws. Hawks sub  Willie Green  scored all 10 of his points in the fourth quarter. QUOTABLE:  "I just though it was a really gutsy performance . . . particularly the guys that came off the bench, Ivan Johnson, Willie Green. Ivan is a guy that has no fear about playing, who's guarding him, or about making mistakes, and I like that about him. He makes mistakes, and we have to live with them, keep teaching him. In the long run, what he brings to the table is much more rewarding."  --  Hawks coach  Larry Drew . QUOTABLE II:  "My thing is I don't really watch basketball so I don't know who anybody is and when I match up against them, it's just a regular player. I know the main players, like LeBron, Kobe and Wade, but all the extra ones I don't know. Even if I did [know], I wouldn't be afraid; we're playing basketball."  --  Ivan Johnson. THE STAT:  The Hawks commited a season-high 20 turnovers, but coughed it up just twice in the fourth quarter. TURNING POINT:  After Rubio's runner gave Minnesota that 71-53 lead in the fourth quarter, Drew subbed Ivan Johnson in for  Josh Smith  and put him on Love. In addition to out-scoring the Wolves 10-0 to close the quarter, Atlanta in that 3:40 had three steals and a blocked shot in that span as Minnesota missed all five shots. QUOTABLE III:  "We could have won this game, and it just didn't happen. That's all I have to say."  --  Minneosta coach  Rick Adelman. HOT:  Green made 4-of-5 shots in the final quarter, including both his three-point tries. He's scored in double digits (10, 11 and 10 points) in each of the three games that leading bench scorer  Tracy McGrady  (back) has missed. . . . Ivan Johnson was perfect from the free throw line, making all eight of his attempts. . . . Joe Johnson has scored 23 and 25 points in Atlanta's past two games, both season highs. . . . Minnesota reserve guard  Wayne Ellington  tied his season high with 13 points on 6-for-9 shooting. He also had four rebounds. NOT:  Hawks reserve point guard  Jannero Pargo  has gone scoreless in Atlanta's past three games while playing 29:50. He had two assists in that time. . . .  Wes Johnson  made just 2-of-8 shots for Minnesota, and in the past two games he's 6-for-21. . . . Wolves starting center  Darko Milicic  was scoreless for the second time in three games. He's made one field goal and grabbed seven rebounds in that time. GOOD MOVE:  The Hawks went to a zone defense for much of the final quarter-plus, and Rubio said, "we couldn't knock down shots." Over a span of 9:12 covering the end of the third quarter and the start of the fourth, the Timberwolves made one field goal, a 21-foot jumper by Rubio. ROOKIE WATCH:  Rubio's awareness of his surroundings is hard to describe. One of his more impressive plays was subtle. He drove the left baseline in the third quarter, and as he found himself under the basket he dropped a bounce pass almost backward and around an Atlanta defender for a teammate to easily dump in a basket. . . . For the third game in a row, Atlanta point guard  Donald Sloan  saw action, and had a rebound in 1:12. . . . Minnesota forward  Derrick Williams  played just 7:57 and scored once. NOTABLE:  A slew of players missed this game, including Minnesota's Michael  Beasley  (right foot sprain),  J.J. Barea  (left ankle),  Brad Miller  (left knee surgery),  Martell Webster  (back surgery) and  Malcolm Lee  (left knee surgery). For the Hawks, Horford, McGrady and  Kirk Hinrich  (shoulder) were out. . . . Minnesota's  Nikola Pekovic , a 6-11 forward, scored for the first time this season. He made 3-of-4 shots and his only free throw for seven points. He also grabbed three rebounds in 17 minutes. . . . Rubio's five steals were the most by a Minnesota player this season. UP NEXT:  For the Timberwolves, Monday vs. Kings, Wednesday vs. Pistons, Friday @ Clippers. For the Hawks, Monday vs. Raptors, Wednesday vs. Blazers, Friday @ 76ers.  