  Notebook: Pistons 109, Nets 92 Posted Friday February 10, 2012 11:20PM By Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Reserve forward  Jonas Jerebko  led a balanced attack with 20 points as the Detroit Pistons stretched their winning streak to four games with a 109-92 victory over the New Jersey Nets Friday at The Palace. Center  Greg Monroe  had 18 points and 11 rebounds for his 15th double-double this season and the Pistons scored a season high in points. Reserve center  Johan Petro  led New Jersey with a season-high 16 points. QUOTABLE:  "I missed a few games last year, so I'm just trying to get into a rhythm. My teammates are finding me now and we're just letting the ball do the work."  --  Jerebko after reaching double figures for the sixth time in seven games. He missed last season with an Achilles' tendon tear. THE STAT:  51. The Pistons are averaging 51.0 points in the paint during their winning streak, including a season-high 56 on Friday. Offensive rebounding and slick passing led to the 47 attempts inside the lane Friday. Detroit scored 24 second-chance points off 15 offensive rebounds and had 25 assists, with three players getting five apiece. TURNING POINT:  After the Nets scored the game's first seven points, the Pistons responded with 12 unanswered points and never trailed again. Monroe had six of those points, including two tip-ins. That set the tone for the Pistons' rebounding dominance, as they controlled the boards 47-31. QUOTABLE II:  "When we ran plays earlier in the season, we tried to look for that first option and that's it. Now, guys are understanding there's more options to one play. If something breaks down, we can still do something different and that's been a big plus for us."  --  Detroit forward  Tayshaun Prince  on the winning streak. HOT:  Pistons guard  Rodney Stuckey  had 19 points by making aggressive moves to the basket and added five assists. His defensive work was even more exemplary. When rookie point guard  Brandon Knight  got into early foul trouble, Stuckey took the assignment of guarding All-Star  Deron Williams . After scoring 34 points against Detroit Wednesday in New Jersey, Williams was held to 14 in Detroit while missing all four of his 3-point attempts. NOT:  New Jersey's starting frontcourt duo of  Shelden Williams  and  Kris Humphries  combined for just nine points and 10 rebounds while getting overpowered and outhustled inside by Monroe, Jerebko and  Jason Maxiell  (six points, five rebounds, season-high four blocks) GOOD MOVE:  When guard  Ben Gordon  returned after missing 10 games with a sore shoulder, coach  Lawrence Frank  decided to use his highest-paid player off the bench. Gordon scored 14 points in each of the victories over the Nets, providing some much-needed scoring punch for Detroit's second unit. BAD MOVE:  Nets coach  Avery Johnson  tried to go with a smaller lineup, moving  Anthony Morrow  from shooting guard to small forward and inserting  Jordan Farmar . The Nets scored just 15 first-quarter points and Morrow didn't score a basket in 32 minutes while facing taller defenders. NOTABLE:  Detroit led by as much as 30, its biggest margin this season. It had a 20-point advantage just once this season, when it led Charlotte by 21 on Jan. 13. ... Pistons forward  Ben Wallace  missed two free throw attempts with 4:12 remaining, his first foul shots in 386 minutes this season. ... New Jersey's second-leading scorer,  MarShon Brooks , returned after missing six games with a broken toe. He was limited to seven points in 17 minutes. .. The Pistons shot a season-high 54.4 percent. UP NEXT:  For the Nets, Saturday vs. San Antonio, Wednesday vs. Memphis, Thursday @ Indiana. For the Pistons, Sunday vs. Washington, Tuesday vs. San Antonio, Wednesday @ Boston.  