  Notebook: Spurs 112, Lakers 91 Posted Wednesday April 18, 2012 1:51AM By Dan Arritt, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The Spurs needed to make a statement after their lackluster effort last week against the visiting Lakers, or just make amends to each other. They did both, matching the Lakers shot for shot until midway through the second quarter, when they sprinted away behind the golden touch of point guard  Tony Parker  and cruised to a 112-91 victory at Staples Center. THE STAT:  The Spurs shot 59.5 percent from the floor (50-for-84) while handing the Lakers their biggest margin of defeat this season. The No. 1 team in the Western Conference was especially hot in the second and third quarters, shooting 30-for-43 for a whopping 69.7 percent. With the victory, the Spurs are guaranteed to finish no worse than second in the West. THE QUOTE:  "It went as well for us as it did for them in San Antonio when they destroyed us."   -- San Antonio coach  Gregg Popovich TURNING POINT:  Everything indicated it would be a back-and forth affair after  Matt Barnes  scored in transition to give the Lakers a 41-39 lead with 5:41 remaining in the second quarter. Then everything went south for the Lakers. They committed five turnovers and missed two shots over the next 3 ½ minutes, and San Antonio sped off on an 18-0 run to go up by 16, a margin they held at the half. The Spurs ended up making 11 consecutive field-goal attempts before Parker had a rare miss with four seconds left in the second quarter. HOT:  Parker was obviously looking for redemption after shooting 2-for-12 and scoring four points in the 98-84 loss last week against the visiting Lakers. He picked apart L.A. for 29 points on 14-for-20 shooting from the field, his highest-scoring game against the Lakers since the 2004 Western Conference semifinals. His only blemish was seven turnovers, which matched his season high.  Tim Duncan  also stepped up and scored 19 points on 9-for-14 shooting and grabbed eight rebounds. NOT:  As the Lakers have grown more proficient at scoring the basketball, they've forgotten how to play defense. The five highest-scoring games by their opponents in regulation have come this month. GOOD MOVE:  San Antonio coach Gregg Popovich put his team in great shape to sweep their second back-to-back-to-back stretch of the season. He limited Parker to just 15 minutes, Tim Duncan to 11 and the rest of the starters to less than 20 minutes in a 120-99 victory Monday night at Golden State. The Spurs looked much fresher than the Lakers, who played  Pau Gasol ,  Andrew Bynum  and  Ramon Sessions  for 44 minutes Sunday afternoon in a 112-108 overtime victory against the visiting Mavericks. Now they just have to win at Sacramento on Wednesday to sweep their second trifecta. BAD MOVE:  During the decisive second-quarter run, Lakers coach  Mike Brown  elected to keep  Steve Blake  on the floor after  Metta World Peace  received his third foul with 8:11 remaining in the first half. Blake had no chance of guarding Parker in transition and wasn't offering anything on the offensive end, missing four of his five field-goal attempts in the second quarter. QUOTE II:  "The way they closed that second quarter helped them get the necessary lead to go ahead and put the game away."   -- Lakers coach Mike Brown NOTABLE:  After Bynum grabbed a career-high 30 rebounds in last week's victory, Popovich decided to start 6-foot-11 power forward  Thiago Splitter  over 6-foot-7  DeJuan Blair , giving the Spurs an extra four inches to help with Bynum, who finished with 21 points and seven rebounds. It was the seventh career start for Splitter and the first this season. It was also the first time he started alongside Duncan. Blair, by the way, did not appear in the game ... Lakers coach Mike Brown said he doesn't expect  Kobe Bryant  to play in Wednesday's game at Golden State. Bryant, the league's leading scorer has missed his sixth consecutive game with a bruised left shin. UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Wednesday @ Golden State, Friday @ San Antonio, Sunday vs. Oklahoma City. For the Spurs, Wednesday @ Sacramento, Friday vs. L.A. Lakers, Sunday vs. Cleveland.  