Notebook: Lakers 103, Kings 98 
 
 
 James Ham, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Mar 31, 2013 1:26 AM - Updated Sun Mar 31, 2013 1:26 AM 
 
 THE FACTS:  The Sacramento Kings and Los Angeles Lakers put on a show Saturday for an incredible, sold-out, bi-partisan crowd.  In the end, the Lakers were too good, beating the Kings on their home floor 103-98. 
 
 Dwight Howard , who finished with game high's in points (24) and rebounds (15), led the Lakers.   Kobe Bryant , who passed  Wilt Chamberlain  for fourth on the all-time scoring list, took a while to get going, but scored 19 points, handed out 14 assists and grabbed nine rebounds.   Pau Gasol  added 12 points and 10 assists.  
 
 Tyreke Evans  continues to stuff the stat sheet, finishing with 21 points, nine rebounds and six assists for the Kings.   DeMarcus Cousins  scored 19 points and grabbed 10 rebounds, while  Marcus Thornton  added 18 off the Sacramento bench. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "Honestly, the biggest thing I take out of it is just the longevity.  That's the thing I'm most proud of is being able to play for so many years and still be playing at a very, very high level.  That's the thing I'm most proud of."  
 -- Kobe Bryant on surpassing Wilt Chamberlain 
 
 
 THE STAT:  After turning the ball over just three times in the first half, the Kings fell apart in the third quarter, turning the ball over seven times which led to 10 Lakers points.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  Inside of 15 seconds remaining and the Kings trailing by three, Cousins threw up an ill advised 3-pointer that barely drew iron.  The Kings were then forced to foul and that was the ball game.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "It's just a test to how durable, how good he is and he will talked about as one of the greatest.  Everyone will debate it and he's right there in the conversation.  He's terrific."  
 -- Lakers coach  Mike D'Antoni  on Bryant's historic milestone 
 
 
 HOT:  The Kings came out of the gate on fire, shooting 71.4 percent in the first quarter, while building a 12-point lead.  Thompson led the way with 11 points and Salmons hit all three of his 3-pointers in the quarter.  
 
 NOT:  Bryant came into Saturday's game needing just five points to pass Chamberlain for fourth place on the NBA's all-time scoring list. After missing his first five shots and going scoreless in the first quarter, Bryant got it going in the second quarter, passing Chamberlain with ease on his way to a 19-point game.  
 
 GOOD MOVE:   John Salmons  loves to play against fellow Philadelphia native Kobe Bryant.  The two went at it all night long. Bryant left the floor for all of 23 seconds and Salmons sat for just over three minutes.  It was a good battle between two tough competitors.   
 
 BAD MOVE:  Cousins slammed his hand down on the scorer's table at the 3:17 mark of the second quarter and picked up his 14th technical foul of the season.  He is just two technical fouls away from a one-game suspension. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Bryant surpassed Chamberlain for fourth place on the all-time scoring list and now sits at 31,434 career points. Next up on the list for Bryant is  Michael Jordan , who scored 32,292 career points.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Tuesday vs. Dallas, Friday vs. Memphis, Sunday @ L.A. Clippers. For the Kings, Wednesday vs. Houston, Friday vs. Dallas, Sunday vs. Memphis.  
