  Notebook: Thunder 110, Warriors 87 Posted Friday February 17, 2012 11:38PM By Randy Renner, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The Oklahoma City Thunder used a stifling defense and a big shot offense to blow past the Golden State Warriors 110-87 inside Chesapeake Energy Arena. OKC improves to a Western Conference best 23-7 but the Thunder locker room is beginning to look like a Red Cross tent. Backup point guard  Eric Maynor  was lost for the season with a torn ACL a few weeks ago, guard  Thabo Sefolosha  missed his 11th consecutive start with a sore foot, center  Kendrick Perkins  is nursing a sore knee and didn't play and in the third quarter point guard  Russell Westbrook  limped off the court with a sprained right ankle. Thunder sixth man  James Harden  led all scorers with 25 points (a season high) on 8-for-13 shooting.  Kevin Durant  added 23 and pulled down 10 rebounds. He also dished six assists. Westbrook scored 18 points before leaving the game. Golden State forward  David Lee  led the Warriors with 23 points.  Dorell Wright  scored 11 and grabbed 11 rebounds.  Monta Ellis  and  Steph Curry  also scored 11. Neither had a good shooting night, both were just 4-for-13. Ellis had torched the Thunder for 48 points ten days ago in a 119-116 Warrior loss. Ellis also left the game early with a hyper-extended knee but he was seen running in the hallway near the Golden State locker room and did not appear to be seriously hurt. QUOTABLE:  "We have to clean up the turnovers but the defense really set the tone. Injuries are always a concern but we don't make excuses and I thought a lot of guys stepped up coming off the bench."   -- Thunder coach  Scott Brooks THE STAT:  The Thunder bench outscored Golden State's 51-31 and won going away despite turning the ball over 19 times and giving up a whopping 22 offensive rebounds to Golden State. The Warriors actually got more offensive boards (22) than defensive (21). The OKC defense, holding Golden State to just 34.8 percent shooting was the difference again. TURNING POINT:  A big second quarter offensively for Oklahoma City (38 points, tying a season high for any quarter) and a stout effort on defense in the third (17 points for Golden State) turned a seven point Warrior lead into a 19 point Thunder advantage going into the fourth quarter. Most of the Golden State and Oklahoma City starters sat on the bench for the final frame. QUOTABLE II:  "Other than the second quarter I thought we did a good job. It's a make or miss league and we just missed some shots. It's the first time in a long time we've struggled to make shots."   -- Warriors coach  Mark Jackson HOT:  Oklahoma City started the game 6-for-10 (60 percent)...At halftime the Thunder were shooting 56.1 (23-for-41)...Harden was 6-for-6 (15 points) in the second quarter...Durant was 3-for-4 in the second half. Seldom used Thunder guard  Royal Ivey  was 3-for-4 in the second half, all 3-pointers. He played 15 minutes after halftime, the most of any Thunder player. NOT:  Golden State started 2-for-9 (22.2)...At halftime the Warriors were shooting 38.8 (19-for-49)...Warriors guard Monta Ellis was 4-for-11 in the first half (0-for-3 on 3-pointers)...He was 0-for-2 in the second half...the Warriors'  Brandon Rush  was 0-for-5 in the second half. INSIDE THE ARENA:  A famous football family inside "The Peake" tonight. Oklahoma natives  Buddy ,  Rex  and  Rob Ryan  watched the game from a suite. The Ryans are being inducted into the Southwestern Oklahoma State University Hall of Fame this weekend. Buddy was defensive coordinator for the Chicago Bears during their 1985 Super Bowl season. He went on to be head coach of the Philadelphia Eagles. His son Rex is currently head coach of the New York Jets and his son Rob is defensive coordinator of the Dallas Cowboys. GOOD MOVE:  Just before halftime, Durant dribbled out front then drove around Dorell Wright at the free throw and through a block attempt by  Ekpe Udoh  for a slam that put the Thunder up by three. GOOD MOVE, TOO:  Moments later, Golden State forward Dorell Wright took a hard screen from  Naz'r Mohammed  and fell to the floor. Mohammed then got a pass from Westbrook and went up for a slam but Wright leaped up and blocked Mohammed's shot. BAD MOVE:  In the third quarter, Thunder forward  Serge Ibaka  went for a rebound but Dorell Wright took it away. Ibaka then started backing up toward the paint, leaving Wright all alone in the corner. He fired up a wide-open three and nailed. NOTABLE:  The Thunder are now 11-1 at home this season and 4-0 on Friday nights. OKC has won eight games in a row at Chesapeake Energy Arena. That's the franchise's best mark since winning nine straight in the 2004-05 season...Oklahoma City has four more home games and none on the road leading up to the All-Star break...The Warriors were held under 90 points for the first time since January 7th. Golden State is now 3-7 on the road and the Warriors play seven of their next eight away from home. UP NEXT:  For the Warriors, Saturday @ Memphis, Monday vs. L.A. Clippers, Wednesday @ Phoenix. For the Thunder, Sunday vs. Denver, Monday vs. New Orleans, Wednesday vs. Boston.  