Notebook: Grizzlies 85, Bulls 82 
 
 
 Kent McDill, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Jan 20, 2013 12:13 AM - Updated Sun Jan 20, 2013 12:13 AM 
 
 THE FACTS:  After giving up a 17-point lead in the second half, the visiting Memphis Grizzlies scored the first six points of overtime and held on for an 85-82 victory in a taffy pull of a basketball game. The Bulls scored just 25 points in the second and third quarters combined, but erased a 13-point lead in the fourth quarter to force their third consecutive overtime game.  Marc Gasol  had 19 points to lead the Grizzlies. They also got 13 points and 19 rebounds from  Zach Randolph , who sat out Friday's game against Sacramento because of a strained back.   
 
 THE FACTS II:  The Bulls played the game without All-Star forward  Luol Deng , who was out with a strained hamstring. Second-year forward  Jimmy Butler  got his first career start and scored 18 points with eight rebounds and three steals. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We expected a tough game tonight because they are one of the best defensive teams in the league. I just wanted to have one or two more points than they did at the end."  
 
 -- Memphis guard  Mike Conley   
 
 
 THE STAT:  In the second and third quarters combined, the Bulls made only nine of 37 shots (24.3 percent) for their 25 points. The Grizzlies scored only 32 points in the second half, making only 12 of 37 shots (32.4 percent).  
 
 THE STAT II:  In the fourth quarter, the Grizzlies made only four of 16 shots, scoring as many points from the line as they did from the field (eight points each). 
 
 THE STAT III:  Nine of Randolph's 19 rebounds were on the offensive board, and some of those were from his own misses, as he went 6-for-20 from the field. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  At the start of overtime, Randolph rebounded his own miss and scored, stole the ball right out of the hands of Bulls forward  Carlos Boozer , missed a layup which teammate Marc Gasol rebounded and turned into another basket. Gasol hit an outside jumper after a Bulls missed shot to build an 82-76 lead. 
 
 INJURY UPDATE:  Deng is listed as day-to-day with his strained hamstring.  
 
 HOT:  Gasol was 7-for-10 from the field for his 19 points.  
 
 NOT:  The entire Bulls team went 31-for-85 from the field (36.5 percent).  Carlos Boozer  was 7-for-19 and also had five of the team's 15 turnovers in the game. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We set the NBA back a few decades."  
 
 -- Memphis coach  Lionel Hollins , referring to the poor offensive showing by both teams  
 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "They outplayed us for three quarters. We got it going in the fourth."  
 
 -- Bulls forward Jimmy Butler  
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Bulls coach  Tom Thibodeau  played a small lineup, with Boozer at center, for the entire fourth quarter, and that group erased the 13-point Grizzlies lead and forced overtime.   
 
 BAD MOVE:  Thibodeau used the same lineup to start the overtime period and those players appeared gassed as they let the game slip away. 
 
 GOOD MOVE-BAD MOVE II:  Trailing 83-80 with 12.2 seconds remaining in overtime, Thibodeau inserted seldom-used 6-foot-10 forward  Vladimir Radmanovich  to stand in front of Memphis guard  Rudy Gay  on an inbounds play. Gay failed to get the ball in play in time and was called for a five-second violation, giving the Bulls one last chance to tie the game.   
 
 NOTABLE:  Bulls center  Joakim Noah , who had only 10 points and five rebounds in 26+ minutes of play, did not play in the final 22 minutes of the game (Thibodeau called it a "coaching decision"). ... Boozer was whistled for entering the lane early on a third-quarter free throw (made) by teammate  Taj Gibson.  ... This was the first time in Bulls' regular season history that they played three consecutive overtime games; they played three consecutive overtime games (six overtime periods) against the Boston Celtics in the first round of the playoffs in 2009. ... the Bulls are 11-11 at home this season... Bulls backup forward Taj Gibson had a double-double with 12 rebounds and 10 points... Grizzlies guard  Mike Conley  just missed a double-double with 13 points and nine assists, but added three steals and three blocks. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Monday vs. L.A. Lakers, Wednesday vs. Detroit, Friday vs. Golden State; For the Grizzlies, Monday vs. Indiana, Wednesday vs. L.A. Lakers, Friday vs. Brooklyn. 
