  Lakers-Sixers notebook   By Andy Jasner, for NBA.com Posted Friday December 17, 2010 10:29PM THE FACTS:   Lamar Odom  scored 28 points and  Pau Gasol  contributed 19 points and 13 rebounds to lift the Lakers past the Philadelphia 76ers 93-81on Friday.  Matt Barnes  added 15 points and 10 rebounds off the bench for the Lakers, who improved to 20-7 and won their fourth game in a row.  Kobe Bryant  suffered a sprained right pinky finger in the first quarter. An X-Ray taken after the game was negative.  Spencer Hawes  had 18 points and 13 rebounds while  Andre Iguodala  had 18 points for the Sixers, who fell to 10-16. QUOTABLE:  "You win with defense. Teams with championship aspirations win with defense like we did."   -- Kobe Bryant THE STAT:  The Lakers missed their first 12 3-pointers and finished 3-for-15. But they hit their final three. TURNING POINT:  The Lakers used a 15-4 run to take a commanding 81-68 lead with 5:41 remaining. It was enough separation to pull away from the gritty Sixers. HOT:  Odom carried the Lakers on this particular night, as he took advantage of matchup problems and hurt the Sixers with an array of low post moves. NOT:   Jrue Holiday , who had given the Sixers a spark in recent games, was 3-for-15 from the field and never found his rhythm. QUOTABLE II:  "I told our guys I was incredibly proud of them. We played a terrific defensive game against one of the best offensive teams in the league."   -- Sixers coach  Doug Collins FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Iguodala had a solid all-around game with six rebounds and six assists. INSIDE THE ARENA:  There was a definite buzz inside the Wells Fargo Center with the lone annual visit from the Lakers. There were hundreds of Lakers fans donning Bryant No. 24 jerseys. Phillies shortstop  Jimmy Rollins  and first baseman  Ryan Howard  both attended the game. So did Eagles quarterback  Michael Vick  and wide receiver  DeSean Jackson . When Vick walked to his front row seat in the third quarter, he received a standing ovation from the crowd. GOOD MOVE:  Lakers coach  Phil Jackson  really got on Gasol late in the first half for not getting back on defense and allowing a dunk by  Elton Brand . Gasol responded with consecutive baskets and continued to play hard the rest of the game. BAD MOVE:  The Sixers went to a small lineup to start the fourth quarter, which allowed the Lakers to quickly slice a seven-point deficit and take a 66-64 lead. That's when Collins called upon Hawes and Brand to re-enter the game. ROOKIE WATCH:   Evan Turner  was one of two Sixers who didn't play along with  Darius Songaila . Turner's minutes have fluctuated recently, and it wasn't a huge surprise that he remained on the bench against the Lakers. NOTABLE:  While the Lakers were misfiring from 3-point territory, so were the Sixers. Philadelphia was 3-for-21 from beyond the arc. Too many long distance shots and not enough drives to the basket resulted in just 14 free-throw attempts. Meanwhile, the Lakers were 24-of-28 from the free throw line. UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Sunday @ Toronto, Tuesday vs. Milwaukee, Saturday vs. Miami. For the Sixers, Saturday @ Orlando, Tuesday @ Chicago, Wednesday @ Boston.  