  Notebook: Mavs 98, Suns 89   By Dave Ivey, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday January 4, 2012 11:37PM THE FACTS:   Dirk Nowitzki  scored 20 points in his 1,000th career game and  Jason Terry  and  Lamar Odom  fueled another huge effort from the Mavericks' bench in Wednesday's 98-89 victory against the Suns in Dallas. Terry scored 18 points and Odom had a season-high 15 as the Dallas bench outscored the Phoenix reserves 51-21.  Marcin Gortat  set season highs with 22 points and 10 rebounds and  Steve Nash  added 15 points and 12 assists for the Suns. QUOTABLE:  "The second unit's goal is to come in and impact the game on both ends of the floor. It's not good enough to just go out and play. We want to dominate every time we step on the floor. When you've got guys like Lamar Odom, Vince Carter and myself, these are All-Star potential guys and anybody we face, we should have the upper hand."   -- Jason Terry, whose team has won back-to-back games for the first time this season. THE STAT:  The Mavericks ripped down a season-high 19 offensive rebounds, including six by  Shawn Marion  and five by  Brendan Haywood  (of his season-high 12 boards). They scored 14 second-chance points. Dallas entered the game ranked 27th in the league in that category. TURNING POINT:  Terry drilled a 3-pointer at the third-quarter buzzer to give Dallas a 77-66 lead, then opened the fourth quarter by sinking his first three shots from behind the arc. The last one gave the Mavs their biggest lead at 92-71. Terry was 5-for-8 from 3-point range, whereas the entire Phoenix team was a combined 5-for-17. QUOTABLE II:  "Their bench played well. That's where the separation came. Their second unit did an outstanding job. That's where the lead came from and it was hard for us to overcome."   --Suns coach  Alvin Gentry GOOD MOVE:  The Mavericks did a tremendous job of moving the ball around to the open shooters and playing unselfish basketball, finishing with 30 assists on 38 made field goals. Ten players had at least one assist and five dished at least three. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Nowitzki added a team-high seven assists and six rebounds. Carter tallied seven points, six boards and five assists off the Dallas bench.  Hakim Warrick , the Suns' leading scorer entering the night, was held to nine points on 3-for-8 shooting. INSIDE THE ARENA:   Kim Kardashian  attended with her sister  Khloe , Odom's wife. ... Also in the crowd were members of the Arkansas and Kansas State football teams, who will meet Friday night in the Cotton Bowl at Cowboys Stadium in Arlington. ... Former Mavericks star  Michael Finley  received a big ovation when shown on the big screen. ROOKIE WATCH:  Phoenix forward  Markieff Morris  played just over 17 minutes and finished with four points, five rebounds and four personal fouls. NOTABLE:  Nowitzki became the first player in Mavericks history and 98th in NBA history to appear in 1,000 regular-season games. Dallas is 661-339 in those games. ... Nash became the seventh player in franchise history to score 10,000 points in a Suns uniform. ... This was the Mavericks' eighth straight win against the Suns at the American Airlines Center. UP NEXT:  For the Mavericks, Thursday @ San Antonio, Saturday vs. New Orleans, Tuesday @ Detroit. For the Suns, Friday vs. Portland, Sunday vs. Milwaukee, Tuesday @ Los Angeles Lakers.  