Notebook: Raptors 95, Pacers 82 
 
 
 Scott Campsall, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Jan 01, 2014 11:05 PM - Updated Wed Jan 01, 2014 11:13 PM 
 
 THE FACT:   The Raptors have won four straight games for the first time this season and have reached the .500 mark for the first time after 30 games since Jan. 6, 2010.  
 
 THE LEAD:   DeMar DeRozan  scored 26 points and  Kyle Lowry  dished out a season-high 14 assist as the Toronto Raptors (15-15) took down the NBA's top team, the Indiana Pacers (25-6), 95-82 in front of a raucous crowd at the Air Canada Centre on Wednesday.  
 Despite being held to just 21 minutes of action due to foul trouble,  Roy Hibbert  led the Pacers with 16 points and  Paul George  chipped in with 12 in a losing effort.  
 The game was tightly contested until midway through the fourth quarter when DeRozan hit a tough fade away jumper, sparking a 10-1 run, giving the Raptors a lead they would never relinquish.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "You see who is coming, I'll tell you that right now. But you sacrifice yourself for the benefit of the team. That's what we are all doing out here. Everybody is sacrificing themselves and their game to be a better team." 
 -- Raptors guard  Kyle Lowry  on taking a charge from the 7-foot-3 Hibbert 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Raptors' swarming defense held Indiana's starters to just 20-for-48 (41 percent) shooting.  
 
 TURNING POINT:   With the Toronto leading 86-77 and 3:25 remaining in the game, Raptors guard Lowry stepped in and took a charge from Hibbert. That was Hibbert's sixth foul, resulting in his ejection from the game and leaving Indiana without its best offensive performer on the night, all but shutting down any hopes of a Pacers comeback.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We were going to go out there and battle with the best of them, night in and night out. We don't care who is out there in front of us, we understand that they are going to throw a punch and we're going to throw punches back.  We are just grinding it out, every game and every play." 
 -- Raptors guard  DeMar DeRozan  on his team's toughness 
 
 
 HOT:   Raptors starting guard  Terrence Ross  scored 18 points on 6-for-12 shooting from the floor. He also played excellent defense against the Pacers' top scoring option, George, holding him to just 12 points.   
 
 HOT:   Pacers forward  Danny Granger  provided a much-needed spark for the Pacers, making four of his seven attempts for 11 points off of the bench. Granger has been struggling to regain his rhythm since returning from a knee injury that kept him out of action for most of the last season and a half.  
 
 NOT:   George flat out struggled against the Raptors. The combination of tenacious perimeter defense by Ross and DeRozan and excellent defensive rotations forced George into a 5-for-14 shooting night.  
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "Everybody is just playing for each other. Nobody has any secret agendas. Everybody wants the same goal. We are all on the same page and I think that is something that we are getting better at and it is something that is helping us."  -- Raptors guard  Terrence Ross  on team chemistry  
 
 NOTABLE:   The Raptors have now won nine of 12 games since trading  Rudy Gay  to the Sacramento Kings. ... Pacers center Hibbert fouled out with 3:25 remaining in the fourth quarter. ... The Pacers beat the Raptors 91-84 on Nov. 8 in Indiana. ... The final attendance for the game was 18,271. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Raptors @ Washington Friday, @ Miami Sunday, and @ Indiana Tuesday. For the Pacers vs. New Orleans Saturday, @ Cleveland Sunday, vs. Toronto Tuesday.  
