  Notebook: Pacers 85, Wizards 83 Posted Thursday March 22, 2012 11:36PM By Ben Standig, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Down 22 points in the first half, the Indiana Pacers stormed back after halftime, took their first lead on  Paul George 's 3-pointer with 1:01 remaining and defensively held the Washington Wizards without a shot on their final possession to preserve a 85-83 win on Thursday night. Roy Hibbert  led the Pacers with 19 points and energized the comeback after Indiana trailed 51-31 at halftime. Despite injuring his finger in the third quarter,  David West  provided extra possessions late with three offensive rebounds inside the final 1:04 including a tip out to George who's 3-pointer gave the Pacers a 84-83 lead.  Darren Collison  promptly stole the inbounds pass and then with West's rebounds nearly ran out the clock. Jordan Crawford 's 21 points led the Wizards while  John Wall  and  Chris Singleton  added 16 each. Washington led after each of the first three quarters and 66-57 after three, but trailed by two points following a Collison free throw with 9.5 seconds left. Wall then dribbled out the clock accidentally, as his potential game-tying floater came after the final buzzer, spoiling the home debut of newly-acquired center  Nene . QUOTABLE:  "At halftime we talked about how in certain games shots aren't falling, you have to win the game in the trenches with defense and rebounding. We came out with the mindset we wanted to smack them with our defense, take their air space and our guys rose to the challenge held them to 33 percent in the second half."  - - Pacers coach  Frank Vogel THE STAT:  Including West's late-game board work, the Pacers outrebounded the Wizards 26-11 in the second half. All nine of Hibbert's rebounds came after halftime. TURNING POINT:  The Pacers cut into the lead with a 15-2 run in the third quarter, but still trailed by six points with less than four minutes remaining before surging into the lead with a 7-0 run, highlighted by West's offensive boards, George's go-ahead score and Collison's magical steal as he intercepted Nene's soft inbounds pass. QUOTABLE II:  "We call Darren 'The Wizard', He just magically appears sometimes. I'm running down the court -- like a fellow player that used to play here -- and then the next thing I know we have the ball back so I'm like 'oh, I have to get back down the court.'" I'm happy he got the ball. I still don't know how he got it.   --Hibbert HOT:  Playing in the first game of a three games-in-three nights stretch,  Danny Granger  scored 15 of 16 points during the second-half rally. The 6-foot-9 forward sank 5-of-8 shots after halftime, including his lone 3-pointer and made all four of his free throw attempts. NOT:  Making his Wizards home debut, Nene knocked down his only two first-quarter shots, but then missed his six of his final seven attempts from the field and finished with six points. QUOTABLE III:  "In the final possession and in the final minute, every rebound went to the Pacers. It was frustrating and we just couldn't get the ball. That was just a great job on their end of just rebounding and tipping the ball out."  - - Wall GOOD MOVE:  Vogel made sure to have the 6-foot-8 George guarding the blinding fast Wall on the final possession. The agile and long limbed defender denied the Wizards point guard space near the 3-point line and forced him toward his interior help. Collectively they denied Wall's options and the shot clock expired. NOTABLE:  The Wizards' 51-31 lead after two quarters matched their largest halftime margin this season. The 31 points matched the Pacers first half low on the season. UP NEXT:  For the Pacers, Friday vs. Phoenix, Saturday @ Milwaukee, Monday vs. Miami. For the Wizards, Saturday vs. Atlanta, Sunday @ Boston, Monday vs. Detroit.  