  Hawks-Kings notebook   By Jimmy Spencer, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday January 5, 2011 1:42AM THE FACTS: Jamal Crawford  scored 31 points off the bench as the Atlanta Hawks earned a 108-102 road victory against the Sacramento Kings on Tuesday night.  Joe Johnson  added 29 points for Atlanta on an efficient 12-for-18 shooting night. QUOTABLE:  "It's a coach's dream. You can go into games knowing that if your starters get off to a slow start or things aren't going well, and you need point production, you got a guy you can throw in the game and you get instant offense."   -- Atlanta coach  Larry Drew  on Crawford's value THE STAT:  The Hawks closed the game shooting 10-for-10 from the line, which proved vital as the Kings made a late run. Atlanta led by as many as 22 points before Sacramento rallied in the final minutes and closed within four points at 106-102 with 8.4 seconds remaining. TURNING POINT:  While Sacramento made a late run, Atlanta won the game with a run midway through the second quarter. Sacramento led 33-32 with 8:55 remaining in the quarter when Atlanta went on a 22-7 run to close the first half and led 54-40 at halftime. HOT:  It's been Crawford's road trip. Atlanta's sixth man scored a game-high 31 points on 10-for-17 shooting and added seven assists. Crawford is averaging 27 points so far on the four-game road trip. Crawford scored 26 points at Oklahoma City on Friday and 24 against the Clippers on Sunday. Atlanta finishes its trip at Utah on Wednesday. NOT:  The Kings haven't won back-to-back games since the opening week of the season. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Joe Johnson scored his 29 points in 29 minutes. Drew said after the game that Johnson is beginning to find a rhythm. The coach said that he's confident Johnson will regain his shooting stroke once the guard's elbow is 100 percent. Johnson scored 29 points Sunday against the Clippers. Johnson had arthroscopic surgery on his right elbow in early December. ROOKIE WATCH:  Within the natural ups and downs of a rookie season as a big man,  DeMarcus Cousins  is hitting his peak. The 20-year-old center scored 24 points and grabbed seven rebounds Tuesday night. Cousins has strung together his best stretch of the season, averaging 22.3 points per game in his last four games. QUOTABLE II:  "I think my focus is a lot better. I'm not letting the distractions like referees or bad plays on my part determine the rest of my game. I would make a bad play and keep it in my head. Now, I let it go and move on to the next play or the next shot. I believe that's why I am a lot better now."    -- Cousins on the reasons behind his stretch of good play NOTABLE:  Atlanta had not allowed an opponent to score more than 100 points in its previous 13 games. ... Back in his old building, former King and current Hawk Mike Bibby received a loud ovation from the Sacramento crowd in pregame introductions. Bibby scored nine points and tallied four assists, but also grabbed 10 rebounds, one shy of a career-high. ...  Tyreke Evans  tallied a career-high five steals to go with his 29 points and eight assists. UP NEXT:  For the Hawks, Wednesday @ Utah, Saturday vs. Indiana, Tuesday vs. Milwaukee. For the Kings, Thursday vs. Denver, Sunday @ Toronto, Tuesday @ Washington.  