Notebook: Celtics 108, Bucks 100 
 
 
 Brian Robb, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Dec 04, 2013 12:44 AM - Updated Wed Dec 04, 2013 12:44 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Celtics tied a season-high by making 11 3-pointers in the victory.  
 
 THE LEAD:  All five starters finished in double figures for the hosts, as the Boston Celtics pulled away from the Milwaukee Bucks for a 108-100 win at the TD Garden.  Jordan Crawford  finished with a season-high 25 points, and  Jeff Green  added 18 points in a balanced effort from Boston's offense.  O.J. Mayo  had a team-high 18 points in the defeat, falling short despite the Bucks posting a season-high 37 points in the fourth quarter. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We're getting better every day I think. Sometimes off wins we kind of get complacent, forget what it takes to win, so we just gotta learn to stay focused, pull out these wins, grind 'em out." 
 
 -- Crawford 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Celtics shot a scorching 70 percent (14-for-20) in the fourth quarter, enabling them to tie a season-high for points in a quarter with 39 during the period.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  Leading by three points with under a minute remaining in the contest,  Jared Sullinger  fought off a double team and drilled a fadeaway jumper as the shot clock expired. The basket put an end to Milwaukee's late comeback push.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We haven't been getting into a flow. We had  Zaza [Pachulia] and  Ersan [Ilyasova]  coming in and doing their thing. We are getting there. We just gotta keep trying to push and keep trying to win." 
 
 --  John Henson  on the Bucks' struggles 
 
 
 HOT:   Crawford -- The third-year guard was on fire over the game's final 12 minutes, as he scored 15 of his 25 points in the fourth quarter. Crawford continues to thrive since his insertion into the starting five, averaging 16.0 points, 4.2 rebounds and 6.4 assists over his past five contests.  
 
 NOT: Brandon Knight  -- After scoring a season-best 20 points Saturday night against the Celtics, Knight delivered a dud during much of Tuesday's rematch.  Avery Bradley  hounded the guard into a 1-for-9 shooting night over the first three quarters, before Knight recovered late with 11 fourth quarter points.  
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT: Brandon Bass  -- The veteran power forward has been one of  Brad Stevens ' most reliable contributors this year and has stepped up his rebounding as of late as well. Bass posted 16 points and a game-high nine rebounds on the night, and is averaging 9.3 rebounds over the past four games.  
 
 ROOKIE WATCH: Giannis Antetokounmpo  -- The athletic small forward wowed the Boston crowd with an impressive alley-oop dunk in the third quarter. He finished with four points and three rebounds in 15 minutes.  
 
 NOTABLE:  Courtney Lee  returned to the lineup for Boston after sitting out the past two games with a sprained left knee. He scored 11 points in just 15 minutes. ...  Kelly Olynyk  (ankle) and  Caron Butler  (knee) remained inactive. ... Ilyasova came off the bench for Milwaukee after missing Saturday's game with a sore hamstring.  He posted eight points and four rebounds in 18 minutes. ...  Avery Bradley made an incredible over-the-backboard shot early in the first quarter, which brought back comparisons to a similar shot by  Larry Bird  in 1986 for Boston. ... Milwaukee leads the season series 2-1.   
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Celtics, Friday vs. Denver, Sunday @ New York, Tuesday @ Brooklyn. For the Bucks, Wednesday vs. Detroit, Friday @ Washington, Saturday vs. Brooklyn. 
