  Pacers-Bobcats notebook   By Derek S. Smith, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday March 23, 2011 10:28PM THE FACTS:   Danny Granger  scored 33 points to lead the Indiana Pacers to a 111-88 win over the Charlotte Bobcats Wednesday night at Time Warner Cable Arena. For Charlotte it was their fourth consecutive loss and their 10th in the last 12 games, which effectively eliminated the Bobcats from playoff contention. Charlotte now sits three games behind the Pacers for eighth in the Eastern Conference and also lost the season series to Indiana. QUOTABLE:  "We gained the lead by halftime and in the second half we turned up the pressure. It was a huge game for us. We're in the eight spot right now and to get this win here really puts us in a good place. We realize how big a win this was for us."   -- Danny Granger THE STAT:  Second-half woes. The Bobcats continue to struggle offensively. Charlotte has not broken the century mark in a dozen games and Wednesday night proved no different. The Bobcats scored only 35 points and shot 34.4 percent from the floor in the final half of the game with leading scorer  Stephen Jackson  being held scoreless. Charlotte was also outrebounded 21-10 and allowed the Pacers to shoot almost 56 percent from the floor. TURNING POINT:  The Rush Show.  Brandon Rush  came off the bench to spark the Pacers in the third quarter. Rush hit a pair of 3s in the middle of the third quarter to bookend an 8-2 Indiana run which sapped all the energy from Charlotte. The Bobcats had slowly let the game slip away throughout the third quarter, but that burst from Rush and the Pacers blew the game open. HOT:  Pacers front court.  Tyler Hansbrough  and  Roy Hibbert  have become an effective duo over the last few games. Hansbrough scored 24 and added five rebounds while Hibbert scored 13 and grabbed a career-best 14 rebounds. Over the last six games the duo has combined to average 31.5 points and 14.7 rebounds with Hansbrough averaging 19.0 points and 7.5 rebounds, well above his season averages. NOT:   Boris Diaw . The versatile Bobcats forward failed to take a shot in the game and committed two turnovers. He did add seven assists and three rebounds in 24 minutes of action, but was essentially a non-factor in one of the most important games of the season. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Granger netted 33 points on 11-for-19 shooting. It was his ninth game of 30 or more points this season. Granger also added five rebounds, three assists, two steals and a blocked shot. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Wednesday night was NASCAR night at Time Warner Cable Arena. Charlotte wore their road blue uniforms with a special side panel that mimicked a checkered flag. In addition, the racing-themed promotions welcomed drivers  David Ragan ,  Mike Wallace ,  Kevin Lepage  and  Blake Koch  to the game. Edwin McCain sang the National Anthem while the Pacers brought  Larry Bird  and  Clark Kellogg  to the arena as part of their operations. ROOKIE WATCH:   Paul George  got the start tonight for Indiana but played just 23 minutes and added eight points. The only other rookie on either roster was  Lance Stephenson ,   who saw action in the final three minutes and recorded a shot, an assist and a rebound. NOTABLE:  Hansbrough now has seven games of 20 or more points in his last 10 games. The Pacers are 24-10 when leading at halftime, 26-11 when scoring 100 or more points and a perfect 10-0 when holding opponents under 90 points. Hibbert recorded his 18th double-double of the season. It was the 12th straight game for Charlotte where they failed to reach 100 points. Jackson returned from his hamstring injury to score 11 points and reach double figures for the 57th time this season. UP NEXT:  For the Pacers, Friday vs. Sacramento, Saturday @ Detroit, Monday vs. Boston. For the Bobcats, Friday @ Boston, Saturday vs. New York, Monday vs. Milwaukee.  