  Notebook: Spurs 122, Magic 111 Posted Thursday March 15, 2012 12:25AM By Tim Price, for NBA.com THE FACTS:   Tony Parker  had his third-straight 30-point night -- 31 points along with 12 assists -- but it was his 16 fourth-quarter points for the Spurs that pushed Orlando over the edge in San Antonio's 122-111 victory over the Magic on Wednesday at AT&T Center. Orlando (28-16) had won five of six coming in, but that last one was a gritty, come-from-behind overtime win over top rival Miami just last night. And then there are the  Dwight Howard  trade rumors that keep swirling around as the trade deadline looms in less than 24 hours. It was too tough to overcome as the Magic's 10-point first-quarter lead evaporated quickly into a five-point deficit at halftime. It was a sign of life for San Antonio (28-13), which struggled to finish a seven-game homestand above .500 (4-3). The Magic were the only team over .500 that the Spurs beat in the seven home games, and now the Spurs head to back-to-back games at Oklahoma City and Dallas starting Friday. QUOTABLE:  "I don't know [what will happen tomorrow]. I've said what I have to say about it. I love my teammates. We're in a great position to win. Like I told the ownership, I'm going to stick it out and go from there. We've talked about what we can do together, but I can't do it all by myself. I want them to help. I want them to be involved in changing. That's always been my goal. If it don't happen, I don't know what to do. I go out every night and play hard. They took a chance on me when I was 18. It's the same situation.."    -- Dwight Howard (22 points, 12 rebounds) on his status with the Magic as the trade deadline approaches THE STAT:  Not to blame the entire loss on  Jameer Nelson , but his line typified the arch of the game. He started the game 7-for-8 and hit his first five 3-pointers, but he went 2-for-7 after that (he missed both threes he shot) and that included a 1-for-4 fourth quarter when Parker was 6-7. TURNING POINT:  The Spurs were up by three with 6 ½ minutes to go when Parker hit a driving left-handed layup over  Ryan Anderson ,  Hedo Turkoglu  missed a 3-pointer and Parker back down for a glaringly open 14-footer (he had enough time to whip out a smartphone and hack out a text) as Nelson was very slow to come out and defend. That made it 105-98, the Spurs' biggest lead to that point, just a minute after being up by three. QUOTABLE II:  "Tony [Parker] is rolling. He is going one against three, and he is able to finish."    -- Spurs guard  Manu Ginobili HOT:  The Spurs bench was 17-for-30, and overall the team shot more than 50 percent (a 51.8 clip) for the second straight game. NOT:   J.J. Redick  has put up modest shooting numbers in the three starts since  Jason Richardson  sat with a sprained ankle. Redick was 3-for-8 Thursday and went 0-for-3 from the 3-point line. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Parker is averaging just a shade less than 30 points (29.8) the past four games and eight assists each night. INSIDE THE ARENA:  There was bit more of a media presence following the moves of Howard in possibly his final game in a Magic uniform. ROOKIE WATCH:   Kawhi Leonard  was 4-for-5, hit both of his threes and scored 12 points (10 in the first half). He had six rebounds and two steals. UP NEXT:  For the Magic, Friday vs. New Jersey, Sunday @ Miami, Monday vs. Chicago. For the Spurs, Friday @ Oklahoma City, Saturday @ Dallas, Wednesday vs. Minnesota.  