Notebook: Heat 101, Lakers 95 
 
 
 Dan Arritt, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Dec 25, 2013 8:26 PM - Updated Wed Dec 25, 2013 8:27 PM 
 
 THE FACT:   The Heat improved to 5-0 all time against the Lakers on Christmas Day.   
 
 THE LEAD:    Miami received matching 23-point efforts from  Dwyane Wade  and  Chris Bosh , while  LeBron James  pitched in 19 as the visiting Heat withstood a strong push from the undermanned Lakers in the 101-95 victory at Staples Center  
 
 QUOTABLE:   "They have guys who are highly capable, so we knew they would give us everything." 
 -- Dwyane Wade 
 
 
 THE STAT:   James was 6-for-6 from inside the paint against the Lakers, but 1-for-8 from outside the paint. 
 
 TURNING POINT:   The Lakers tied the score at 83-83 on  Nick Young 's drive with 8:25 remaining but the Heat dug in their nails and reeled off nine unanswered points for a 92-83 lead with 4:03 left. The Lakers tried to make another push, getting as close as four with 1:25 on the clock, but Wade scored on a reverse layup after James penetrated and dished off, and James then salted the victory by making three of four at the free throw line in the final 26 seconds.  
 
 HOT:  The Lakers made their first four field-goal attempts to surge to a 10-5 lead in the first two minutes. ... Lakers guard  Jodie Meeks  started 3-for-4 with eight of his 17 points in the first five minutes. ... Young scored 11 of his 20 points in third quarter, shooting 4-for-5 from the floor. ... Bosh finished 9-for-18 from the floor and has shot 50 percent or better in the last eight games. ...  Ray Allen  made his first four 3-pointers for the Heat before finishing 4-for-5 with 12 points off the bench. 
 
 NOT:   James scored 10 points in the first quarter but had just nine the rest of the way and was the player guarding Young when he scored his 11 points in the third quarter. ... Lakers point guard  Jordan Farmar  returned after missing the last 10 games with a torn hamstring and looked out of rhythm, shooting 1-for-7 with three points, two assists and four turnovers. ... The Lakers hurt themselves at the free throw line, shooting 15-for-26, including two straight misses by  Xavier Henry  at the end of the third quarter and two more misses by  Jordan Hill  at the start of the fourth. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:    "At the end of the day, it's about getting stops. This is a team that you have to make them take contested shots." 
 -- Dwyane Wade 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:   Lakers starting forward  Wes Johnson  missed a 3 from the corner, James got the tipped rebound, fired it ahead to Wade, who took one dribble and then lifted an underhand lob pass off the glass to James, who caught the ball with his left hand high above the rim and stuffed it through for a 48-39 lead with 2 ½ minutes left in the first half. ... Lakers coach  Mike D'Antoni  stuck with his word that he planned to use rookie forward  Ryan Kelly  more. Kelly played a season-high 17 minutes and contributed four points, hitting on his only 3-point attempt. Kelly is the type of stretch forward that could eventually thrive in D'Antoni's run-and-gun system. 
 
 BAD MOVE:   Miami backup center  Chris Anderse n  was coming off a season-high 12 points in Monday's two-point victory against the visiting Hawks, but took a hard foul in the first half, felt some back stiffness at halftime and did not return. 
 
 NOTABLE:   Young produced his third four-point play in a week early in third quarter. ... Bosh was 8-for-12 from inside of five feet after averaging only 3.5 attempts per game from that distance heading into the game. 
 
 UP NEXT:   For the Lakers, Friday @ Utah, Sunday vs. Philadelphia, Tuesday vs. Milwaukee. For the Heat, Friday @ Sacramento, Saturday @ Portland, Monday @ Denver. 
