  Notebook: Sixers 98, Bulls 82   By Andy Jasner, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday February 1, 2012 10:11PM THE FACTS:  The Philadelphia 76ers improved to 12-2 at home and 16-6 overall with a stirring 98-82 victory over the Chicago Bulls Wednesday at the Wells Fargo Center.  Andre Iguodala  and  Thaddeus Young  scored 19 points each while  Jrue Holiday  had 17 points. Rookie  Lavoy Allen  had a career-high 15 points and five Philadelphia players scored in double figures. C.J. Watson  led the Bulls with 20 points off the bench while  Derrick Rose  scored 18. They were the only two players in double figures. The Bulls (18-6) are 1-2 on this season-long nine-game road trip, which continues Thursday at New York. QUOTABLE:  "We, as a team, have to stay focused. We can't get ahead of ourselves."   -- Iguodala. THE STAT:  The Sixers' bench scored 50 of their 98 points. That's more than half, if you're counting. TURNING POINT:  The Sixers ripped off a 13-3 run to start the third quarter, extending a 49-44 lead to 15 at 62-47. Iguodala and Holiday ignited the run and the Sixers went on to lead by 20 at the end of the third. HOT:  Allen knocked down seven of his 10 shots for the Sixers. The second-round draft choice from Temple is improving every game. NOT:   Joakim Noah  entered the game with five straight double-doubles. While Noah swept seven rebounds, he was 0-for-3 from the field and finished with just two points. QUOTABLE II:  "It feels good with the support we're getting on the court. For me, I think I'm getting a lot of trust from my teammates."   -- Allen. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Once again, Iguodala was active in every aspect with 19 points, nine rebounds, four assists and two steals. He's playing at a very high level right now. INSIDE THE ARENA:  There was a large crowd of 18,325 for Friday's highly-anticipated matchup with the Bulls. Philadelphia Eagles wide receiver  DeSean Jackson  took in the action from a front-row seat. The crowd exploded as the lead swelled to 20 in the second half. QUOTABLE III:  "Our defense wasn't good. I thought our reaction to the ball was very poor."   -- Bulls coach  Tom Thibodeau , on being outscored 26-11 in the third quarter. GOOD MOVE:  The Sixers attacked the basket and dominated points in the paint. It's important to play an aggressive style and make the Bulls work extremely hard on defense. The Sixers did just that and it paid off. BAD MOVE: Kyle Korver  started strong by knocking down his first three shots. But he only had five shots the rest of the game. ROOKIE WATCH:  Forward  Jimmy Butler  had five points and four rebounds in 19 minutes for the Bulls. For the Sixers, forward  Nikola Vucevic  was active but didn't play for the second straight game. Allen was a spark throughout the game and wound up with 15 points, six rebounds, three assists and two steals. NOTABLE:  The Sixers have held their opponent under 90 points in each of the past four games. ... The Sixers outrebounded Chicago 43-37 and improved to 10-1 this season when outrebounding the opponent. ... Sixers coach  Doug Collins  received a technical foul with 3:23 left in the second quarter. He was irate after an offensive foul was whistled on Iguodala. ... Philadelphia played without center  Spencer Hawes  (left Achilles strain) for the ninth straight game. ... The Bulls played without guard  Richard Hamilton  (sore right thigh) and forward  Luol Deng  (left wrist). ... The Sixers scored 29 points off 17 Chicago turnovers. ... The Bulls have dropped three of the last five after starting the season 16-3. NEXT:  For the Bulls, Thursday @ New York, Saturday @ Milwaukee, Monday @ New Jersey. For the Sixers, Friday vs. Miami, Saturday @ Atlanta, Monday vs. L.A. Lakers.  