  Notebook: Timberwolves 117, Nuggets 100 Posted Sunday March 25, 2012 8:10PM By Phil Miller, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Two days after setting a new franchise scoring record,  Kevin Love  lifted his injury-stricken team to victory Sunday with another amazing all-around performance, scoring 30 points to help the Minnesota Timberwolves beat the Denver Nuggets for the first time since 2009, 117-100 in Minneapolis. Love, who scored a Wolves-record 51 in a loss at Oklahoma City on Friday, added 21 rebounds and three blocked shots, both season highs, as Minnesota pulled within 2 1/2 games of the final Western Conference playoff spot.  Luke Ridnour  hit his first seven shots in a row and tied his season high with 25 points as the Timberwolves snapped an eight-game Target Center losing streak to Denver. The Wolves, who had lost 17 of their last 18 games to the Nuggets, scored a season-high 68 first-half points and roared to a 28-point lead, their biggest of the season, en route to victory. Five players reached double digits for Denver, which has suffered two straight blowout losses to open a seven-game road trip, led by rookie forward  Kenneth Faried 's 17 points. The Nuggets were playing without starting guard  Arron Afflalo , suspended for throwing an elbow Friday night in Utah, and forward  Danilo Gallinari , who missed his third straight game with a broken left thumb. Minnesota was missing two of its three point guards,  Ricky Rubio  (knee surgery) and  J.J. Barea  (thigh contusion), and center  Nikola Pekovic , but received a season-high 17 points from reserve guard  Wayne Ellington . QUOTABLE:  "Most guys, [if] they do something like that, you know it. Like, 'wow, he has 30 [points] and 20 [rebounds].' With Kevin, I don't even notice anymore. It's just another night."    -- Wolves forward  Anthony Tolliver , on Kevin Love's 30-point, 21-rebound effort. THE STAT:  99 -- Field goals attempted by the Timberwolves, as opposed to the 81 tries taken by the Nuggets. Denver made 50.6 percent of its shots, compared to Minnesota's 45.5 percent, but 17 turnovers (to nine for Minnesota) and 11 offensive rebounds (to 18) helped the Wolves overcome that shooting disparity, along with Denver's 29-2 advantage in fast-break points and 64-38 edge in points in the paint. TURNING POINT:  After both teams got off to a leaden start, partly due to repeated interruptions for a malfunctioning shot clock, Ridnour decided to juice up the offense by taking some open jump shots. Over a seven-minute stretch, Ridnour went 5-for-5 from the floor, while his counterpart, Denver point guard  Ty Lawson  missed all four jumpers he tried, and the result was a 13-point Minnesota lead at the end of the first period. The Nuggets never pulled closer the rest of the day. QUOTABLE II:  "I don't know what was going on with that. I guess we've been gone a long time. Hopefully they'll get it fixed by Friday and we can go out and enjoy the  Vanilla Ice  concert."    --  Love, on the Target Center's malfunctioning shot clock, which delayed the game several times. The Wolves' next home game includes a halftime show by the rapper. HOT:  No Timberwolf has ever been hotter than Love, who followed up Friday's 51-point night in Oklahoma City -- a new franchise scoring record, breaking  Kevin Garnett 's 47-point high -- with his third 30-point-20-rebound game of the year. He finished with 30 points and tied his season high with 21 rebounds, his ninth game of at least 30 and 15 this season; only Atlanta's  Josh Smith , with two, has more than one such game this season. Love, who was 11-of-19 from the field, leads the NBA in scoring in March at 30.8 points per game. NOT:  Denver's seven-game trip is only two games old, but it's already a nightmare for Lawson. The third-year guard was 2-of-8 from the field with six turnovers Friday in Utah, and made just 5-of-14 shots against the Timberwolves. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Rescued from the Wizards' bench by a deadline-day trade,  JaVale McGee  appears to be thriving with the Nuggets. The fourth-year center was 6-of-8 with 11 rebounds in 25 minutes off the bench Sunday, bringing his totals after three games with Denver to 18-of-26 shooting (.692) from the field, for 13.0 points and 8.0 rebounds per game. INSIDE THE ARENA:  The game was delayed by 10 minutes and then interrupted twice during the first two minutes by a malfunctioning shot clock. Officials finally ordered the game to proceed without the shot clock, with the public-address announcer counting down the last five seconds of each 24-second possession. Neither team ever came close to a 24-second violation, and the clock was fixed in time for the second half. ... Attendance for the Wolves' first home game in 15 days was 20,023, their eighth sellout of the season. It's the first time in franchise history that Minnesota has exceeded 20,000 fans in three consecutive home games. ROOKIE WATCH:   Malcolm Lee 's rookie season was delayed by a knee injury before the season started, but he has now appeared in four games as a professional. And with 44 seconds remaining in the half on Sunday, the former UCLA guard hit a running four-footer in the lane for the first points of his NBA career. The second-round pick also recorded three assists and a rebound in 14 minutes of filling in for Rubio and Barea. NOTABLE:  Afflalo was suspended for Sunday's game after throwing an elbow at Jazz forward  Gordon Hayward 's head during the Nuggets' loss in Utah on Friday.  Corey Brewer  started in Afflalo's place, meaning both of Denver's starting guards were originally drafted by the Wolves. ... Reserve guard  Andre Miller  played 25 minutes and scored 14 points with heavy padding on his right shoulder. Miller suffered a separated shoulder during a loss to Dallas last week. ... Pekovic was inactive for the fourth time in five games with bone spurs in his right ankle, which the Wolves believe will need surgery after the season. Pekovic expects to miss at least another week, and will not travel with the Wolves on this week's road trip. ...  Michael Beasley  returned to the Minnesota lineup after missing three of the past six games with a sprained big toe, but Barea did not dress due to a right thigh contusion. ... The Nuggets' 29 fast-break points were largely fueled by Faried, who got behind the Minnesota defense for length-of-the-court passes an amazing four times in the second half alone. The rookie from Morehead State finished with 17 points. UP NEXT:  For the Nuggets, Monday @ Chicago, Wednesday @ Toronto, Friday @ Charlotte. For the Timberwolves, Tuesday @ Memphis, Wednesday @ Charlotte, Friday vs. Celtics.  