  Notebook: Suns 104, Wizards 88 Posted Tuesday February 21, 2012 12:52AM By Mike Tulumello, for NBA.com THE FACTS: Grant Hill  is on his defensive game. And that means the Phoenix Suns have a shot at running up a win streak. Hill, who helped harass  Kobe Bryant  into 10 turnovers the previous night, shut down  Nick Young  Monday night as the Suns (14-19) wore down the visiting Washington Wizards en route to a 104-88 win. Hill's defense last season was a key in allowing the Suns to at least contend for a playoff spot. But he got off to a slow start this season, and so did the Suns. Now, they're in the midst of a six-game homestand. So far, they're 2-0 thanks to avoiding a letdown after their season's biggest win Sunday night over the Los Angeles Lakers. On Monday, the night after covering Bryant for 35 minutes ("it's like guarding anybody else for 50," said Suns coach  Alvin Gentry ) Hill helped limit Young, who averages 17.5 points, to just six. "I think he's playing great," coach Gentry said. "I'm getting there," said Hill, who had a surgical procedure in September to fix "bone and cartilage floating around my knee...I didn't start running until a couple of days before training camp. "Next year, I'll be better prepared," said Hill, who will be 40 next season. Marcin Gortat  led the Suns with 20 points. His screen-and-roll partner,  Steve Nash , had 12 points and 11 assists. The Wizards (7-25) finished their 5-game road trip 2-3. They were led by Jordan  Crawford's  20 points. QUOTABLE:  "He's smart enough to know if he sets a good screen and rolls to the basket, there's a good chance he'll get an easy basket."   --  Gentry on Gortat's ability to team with Nash. THE STAT:  Young shot just 3-for-13 for the Wizards. TURNING POINT:  The Suns trailed early in the third quarter, 55-54, when  Jared Dudley  took a pass from Nash on a fast break for a reverse layup. The Suns' starters were off and running for 16 straight points. They continued the assault through the end of the third quarter, a 31-6 spree in all, with the Suns going to a zone defense toward the end of it. "We became selfish," lamented Wizards coach  Randy Wittman . ""We were up one and go on a spree of the most selfish basketball I've seen since I've taken over. "I've got to find the right people to find the right way to play. But I'm not letting that slip back in." QUOTABLE II:  "Nobody deserves the All Star designation more than he does...and I was hoping he didn't make it. That's just a coach being selfish."   --  Gentry on Nash. HOT: Channing Frye  nailed 4-for-7 on 3-pointers for the Suns. NOT: Rashard Lewis  shot just 1-for-6 for the Wizards. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  For the first time in his career, Gortat has recorded three straight 20-point games. He has four such games in his last six. NOTABLE:  The Suns have won 10 straight vs. the Wizards, their longest active streak against any team. UP NEXT:  For the Wizards, Wednesday vs. Kings, Tuesday, Feb. 28th @ Milwaukee and Wednesday Feb. 29th vs. Magic. For the Suns, Wednesday vs. Warriors, Thursday, March 1 vs. Timberwolves and Friday, March 2 vs. Clippers.  