Notebook: Spurs 130, Kings 102 
 
 
 Tim Price, For NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Mar 02, 2013 12:32 AM - Updated Sat Mar 02, 2013 12:32 AM 
 
 THE FACTS : Spurs big men  Tim Duncan  and  Tiago Splitter  each recorded double-doubles, and  Manu Ginobili  had a career-high 15 assists, but San Antonio hobbled out of this one when  Tony Parker  sprained his left ankle in a 130-102 victory over the Sacramento Kings on Friday night at AT&T Center. 
 According to coach  Gregg Popovich , Parker will be out "a while" for the Spurs (46-14). Parker, an MVP candidate with 21 points per game, seven assists and 53-percent shooting from the floor, was driving in for a layup against the Kings (20-40) when he fell past the baseline, noticeably twisting the ankle on the way down. 
 Splitter ended up with 14 points and 11 rebounds to go along with Duncan's 13 and 10. Each of the Spurs starters scored in double figures as did three off the bench ( DeJuan Blair  with 16 points,  Matt Bonner  13 and  Patty Mills  12). San Antonio shot 61 percent from the floor.  DeMarcus Cousins  went 4-for-7 for eight points in the first half then missed two shots in the third quarter before he and the rest of the Kings starters sat out the fourth quarter (they still scored 33 points). 
 The news of the night for the Kings came before the game when coach  Keith Smart  would not comment on the status of  Aaron Brooks , who has been in talks of a contract buyout. Brooks was not with the team. 
 
 QUOTABLE : "Tony [Parker] has been a stalwart for us. He's playing better than any point guard in the league consistently through the year. We will miss him. Now, we'll make some more adjustments."  
 -- Coach Gregg Popovich 
 
 THE STAT : After recording 31 assists for 46 baskets Wednesday in a 24-point victory over Orlando, the Kings were limited to 20 assists for 39 baskets tonight. San Antonio had 41 assists for 51 baskets. 
 
 TURNING POINT : After the Kings battled in the third quarter to stay within striking distance and a 15-point deficit (Phoenix defeated the Spurs in San Antonio on Wednesday after trailing by 11 in the fourth quarter), the Spurs outscored Sacramento 23-10 the rest of the third to close it out. 
 
 QUOTABLE II : "We started out with a lot of turnovers and it got out of hand. [The Spurs] played good defense. They got hands on deflections and ran off our turnovers [because] we didn't get back. I think coach [Smart] did the right thing in taking us out and getting new guys in to try to get us going."  
 -- Kings guard  Tyreke Evans 
 
 
 HOT : Blair finished 8-for-12 on the night while coming off the bench for almost 24 minutes. He's 15-for-21 the past two games. 
 
 NOT :  John Salmons  went 1-for-7 tonight. 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT :  Marcus Thornton  continues to be an off-the-bench scoring machine for the Kings. He had 25 points with five assists tonight and has scored more than 20 points in each of his past three games -- all as a reserve. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH: Aron Baynes , who scored 16 points and grabbed nine rebounds on Thursday in a D-League game at Austin, got his call-up for tonight's game and played almost six minutes for a basket and an assist for San Antonio. 
 
 NOTABLE: Gary Neal  (left calf tightness),  Stephen Jackson  (right ankle sprain) and  Boris Diaw  (low back strain) did not play for the Spurs. ... Not only did Ginobili have a career-high in assists, his work tonight was the most assists for a Spurs bench player since  Avery Johnson  dished out 12 in 2001. ...  Cory Joseph , who's appeared in 10 games this season for the Spurs and has just been recalled from Austin in the D-League, played 7 ½ first-half minutes and picked up three fouls. 
 
 UP NEXT : For the Kings, Sunday vs. Charlotte, Tuesday vs. Denver, Wednesday @ Golden State. For the Spurs, Sunday vs. Detroit, Wednesday vs. Chicago, Friday vs. Portland. 
