Notebook: Nets 103, Cavaliers 100 
 
 
 Jake Appleman, For NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Dec 29, 2012 11:14 PM - Updated Sat Dec 29, 2012 11:14 PM 
 
 THE FACTS :   Brook Lopez  propelled the Nets to a 103-100 victory over the Cavaliers with a season-high 35 points (including 11 in the fourth quarter) and 11 rebounds.  C.J. Miles  poured in 33, including 22 in the first half, as his hot shooting keeping the Cavs within striking distance heading into intermission.  Kyrie Irving 's straightaway 3-pointer with 5.9 seconds remaining set the Cavs up with an opportunity to send the game to overtime at the buzzer, but a similar 3 from Irving was off target to seal it.   
 
 QUOTABLE : "I wouldn't say we were lucky, but I would say we deserved to win more than Cleveland did." 
 -- Nets interim coach  P.J. Carlesimo 
 
 
 THE STAT : The Nets (16-14) jumped out to a 10-point lead after the first after outscoring the Cavs (7-25) 14-4 in the paint.   
 
 TURNING POINT : With the Cavs within 4 early in the fourth quarter,  Reggie Evans  went on his own run -- a putback off of a  Deron Williams  miss and two consecutive steals leading to three made free throws -- to give the Nets enough of a lead to withhold a late charge by the Cavs. 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA :  Mikhail Prokhorov  and some of his top Russian colleagues attended the game. Prokhorov had lunch earlier in the day with Carlesimo.  ... With the Nets struggling early in the fourth quarter, a small pocket of fans changed "A-very John-son!" for the recently fired Nets coach. ... Barclays Center was sold out for the 11th time in 18 home games. 
 
 QUOTABLE II : "The game slows down and the basket seems as big as the arena."  
 -- C.J. Miles on his performance                                         
 
 ROOKIE WATCH :  Dion Waiters  (2-for-8) had his second straight poor shooting performance in Brooklyn, while  Tyler Zeller , who was scored on repeatedly in the first quarter, bounced back to post a respectable stat line (12 points, seven rebounds). 
 
 NOTABLE : Lopez's 15 first quarter points were the second highest total this season after  Joe Johnson 's 16 fourth quarter points, also against the Cavaliers in November. ... Lopez registered double-digit points and rebounds for the third consecutive game.    
 
 UP NEXT : For the Cavaliers, Wednesday vs. Sacramento, Friday @ Charlotte, Saturday vs. Houston . For the Nets, Monday @ San Antonio, Wednesday @ Oklahoma City, Friday @ Washington.  
