  Notebook: Pacers 93, Nets 88 Posted Thursday February 16, 2012 10:59PM By Conrad Brunner, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Winning ugly may just be the identity of the Indiana Pacers. Despite shooting 39 percent overall and 29 percent in the second half, they buckled down defensively and rode 32 points from  Danny Granger  to a 93-88 victory over the visiting New Jersey Nets Thursday at Bankers Life Fieldhouse. Indiana (18-12) snapped a five-game losing streak and avoided being swept in its first back-to-back-to-back set in 13 years, while handing the Nets (8-23) their eighth consecutive loss.  Deron Williams  led New Jersey with 29 points and  Kris Humphries  had 24 with 10 rebounds. QUOTABLE:  "We're very happy to not be on a losing streak anymore. When you're on a losing streak the game that breaks it is never easy."    -- Indiana Coach  Frank Vogel THE STAT:  Indiana won for the sixth time this season when shooting less than 40 percent from the field. TURNING POINT:  The game was tied at 69-all early in the fourth when the Pacers put together a 17-8 run, with six players contributing to the scoring, to take an 86-77 lead with 2:38 left. The Nets got as close as 89-86 with 25 seconds left after a Humphries tip-in but the Pacers closed it out at the line. QUOTABLE II:  "Coach made it very apparent and clear that defense had to come back and had to improve. We know that legs on back-to-back-to-backs will suffer some. But we all have to suck it up, get at it and get the job done."    -- Granger HOT:  Humphries hit his first six shots and wound up 11 of 14 from the field, and was just one point shy of matching his career high. Granger hit 4 of 7 from the 3-point line. NOT:  Just about everybody else. Deron Williams shot 10 of 24 and committed six turnovers,  MarShon Brooks  and  David West  both shot 6 of 16,  and  Darren Collison  was 2 of 8. QUOTABLE III:  "The spirit of our team is good. We're just playing against some really good teams and it doesn't get any easier with our next game. Right now we could focus on the losses, but we need to focus on getting better."    -- Nets coach  Avery Johnson GOOD MOVE:  Deron Williams was the best player on the floor in the first half so Vogel put 6-9  Paul George  on him in the second half, allowing point guards Collison and  A.J. Price  to match up with shooting guards MarShon Brooks and/or Anthony  Morrow . George's long wingspan and lateral quickness disrupted Williams' rhythm and the Nets constantly found themselves battling the shot clock for good looks. BAD MOVE:  When  Roy Hibbert  rebounded Granger's missed drive with 31 seconds left and the Pacers up 88-84, he should've pulled it out, re-set the offense with a fresh 24 and run the clock down. Instead, he put up a shot, drew a foul and made one free throw, leaving the Nets with three more possessions instead of one. NOTABLE:  The Pacers have won 10 in a row over the Nets, their longest active streak against any opponent. ... Ending a run of six straight games in which the opposition scored at least 97, the Pacers improved to 9-1 when they limit opponents to less than 90. ... The Pacers forced New Jersey into 20 turnovers, the second Indiana opponent with 20 or more turnovers this season. ... With a game-high 11 rebounds and 13 points, Hibbert registered his 12th double-double of the season. ... George led the Pacers in assists (five) and steals (four). ... Including 29-21 tonight, the Pacers have been outscored 94-57 in the first quarters of their last three games. ... Granger returned after missing Wednesday's 98-87 loss in Cleveland with a sprained left ankle. ...  George Hill  continues to go through individual workouts on court but the timetable for his return from a chip fracture in his left ankle remains indefinite. Vogel said he remains hopeful Hill may return before the All-Star break. ... The Nets were without starting center  Brook Lopez  (broken foot), backup center  Mehmet Okur ( back spasms),  Damion James  (foot surgery) and  Shawne Williams  (sprained left shoulder, sore left knee and foot). UP NEXT:  For the Pacers, Sunday vs. Charlotte, Tuesday vs. New Orleans, Wednesday @ Charlotte. For the Nets, Saturday @ Chicago, Sunday vs. Milwaukee, Monday @ New York.  