Notebook: Mavericks 98, Nets 90 
 
 
 Jake Appleman, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Mar 01, 2013 11:29 PM - Updated Fri Mar 01, 2013 11:29 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:  The Nets were unable to mount a full comeback after another dreadful third quarter, falling to the Dallas Mavericks 98-90 at Barclays Center. The Mavericks snapped a three-game losing streak and  Vince Carter  (20 points, four rebounds) excelled against his former team, turning in an efficient and memorable performance.  Dirk Nowitzki  finished with 20 points and eight rebounds.  Deron Williams  led the Nets with 24 points, but registered just two assists to seven turnovers.  
 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I think it's kind of one of those snowball effects. I was throwing the ball everywhere."  --  Williams .   
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Nets committed 20 turnovers.  
 
 TURNING POINT: Chris Kaman  and  Darren Collison  got the Mavericks going with baskets in the first 40 seconds of the third quarter, sparking the dominant third quarter that ended with a 6-0 Dallas run.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We were solid enough to beat one of the better teams in the East so that's a good sign. It's hard to play a perfect 48 minutes in this league, I'll admit that. But we took advantage of our runs; we were able to stave them off a few times."  --  Mavericks  c oach  Rick Carlisle .  
 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA: Larry King  attended the game, his first sporting event in Brooklyn since the Dodgers left in 1957.   
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Despite talk that he would become a bigger part of the Nets' rotation,  Mirza Teletovic  didn't check in until the second half and his most significant contribution (a corner 3-pointer) was wiped out by three-second call on  Brook Lopez ... Jae Crowder  played 14 minutes off the bench for the Mavericks.  
 
 NOTABLE:  Mavericks owner  Mark Cuban , who is usually present at his team's road games, opted to attend the Sloan Statistics and Analytics Panel in Boston instead. It was the second consecutive engagement involving Williams that Cuban skipped, the first a meeting with Williams when he was a free agent this past summer.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Mavericks, Sunday @ Houston, Wednesday vs. Houston, Friday @ Detroit. For the Nets, Saturday @ Chicago, Wednesday @ Bobcats, Friday vs. Wizards.  
