Notebook: Thunder 123, Knicks 94 
 
 
 Adam Zagoria, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Dec 25, 2013 6:00 PM - Updated Wed Dec 25, 2013 6:00 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Thunder won on the road on Christmas after losing their previous 10 such games. 
 
 THE LEAD: Russell Westbrook  went for a triple-double of 14 points, 13 rebounds and 10 assists,  Kevin Durant  scored 29 points and grabbed seven rebounds and  Serge Ibaka  added 24 points as the Oklahoma City Thunder routed the Knicks 123-94 at Madison Square Garden. 
 It was the worst Christmas loss in NBA history. 
 Westbrook became the fifth player in NBA history to notch a triple-double on Christmas, joining  Oscar Robertson  (four times),  Billy Cunningham ,  John Havlicek  and  LeBron James . 
 Without  Carmelo Anthony  (sprained left ankle) and  Ray Felton  (groin),  J.R. Smith  went 8-for-22 for 20 points.  Amar'e Stoudemire  had a season-best 22 points and  Tim Hardaway Jr.  added 21. 
 The Thunder have won 10 of 11. They are 10-4 on the road, meaning they have more road wins than the Knicks (9-19) have total wins. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "It was us just coming here and playing our game."  
 -- Russell Westbrook 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Thunder shot 13-for-24 from the arc, while the Knicks were 6-for-23. 
 
 THE STAT II:  The Knicks are now 4-11 at home after going 31-10 all of last year. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Knicks kept it close early and trailed 33-29 before the Thunder rattled off an 11-0 run bridging the first and second periods to go ahead 44-33.  Reggie Jackson  (18 points) and Durant both hit 3-pointers during the mini-spurt. OKC outscored the Knicks 25-17 in the second period to take a 60-46 halftime lead. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "You put up a triple-double in three quarters, I think that speaks for itself."  
 -- Kevin Durant on Westbrook 
 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "Disappointed? I wasn't disappointed. That's something we can't control, man. We just try to focus on us. No matter who's on the court for the other team, we just focus on us. We respect every guy in this league. We knew without their best player, other guys were going try to step up."  
 -- Kevin Durant on Anthony's absence 
 
 
 WHO'S HOT:  Durant, the NBA scoring leader, went 10-for-16 and 4-for-6 from the arc. Ibaka was 10-for-14. 
 
 WHO'S NOT:   Beno Udrih  started at the point for the Knicks and managed just two points and six assists. 
 
 QUOTABLE IV:  "When he tells you he can't go, you gotta listen and try to find it someplace else. He was really missed tonight because he's a big part of what we do."  
 -- Knicks coach  Mike Woodson  on Anthony 
 
 
 QUOTABLE V:  "We have to be able to step up. We have enough players on this team that can make plays. It didn't fall for us. We had good shots. It was one of those days" 
 -- J.R. Smith on Anthony 
 
 
 QUOTABLE VI:  "We couldn't get get stops when we needed them and that's why the score was so lopsided."  
 -- Mike Woodson 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  Felton (groin),  Pablo Prigioini  (toe) and   Metta World Peace  (sore left knee) were all out for the Knicks. "I don't know when those guys are going to be able to come back, I really don't," Woodson said. 
 
 NOTABLE II:  The Knicks were 0-6 in their alternate orange jerseys. They are now 0-1 in their sleeved orange shirts. 
 
 NOTABLE III:  Chris Smith  made his NBA debut for the Knicks. He did not score in 1:21. 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA: Philip Seymour Hoffman  and  Adrien Grenier  sat courtside. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Friday vs. Toronto, Saturday @ Toronto, January 2 @ San Antonio. For the Thunder, Friday @ Charlotte, Sunday vs. Houston, Tuesday vs. Portland. 
