  Notebook: Spurs 105, Suns 91 Posted Sunday April 15, 2012 12:16AM By Tim Price, for NBA.com THE FACTS: Steve Nash  played the first six minutes of the game, then sat along with the rest of the Suns starters as the Spurs built a 22-point first-quarter lead. Nash was the only starter not to get back in the game, leaving streaking San Antonio to the trappings of an easy 105-91 victory Saturday at AT&T Center. This all left a huge blemish on a Phoenix playoff drive that had been going swimmingly the past month. The Suns (31-29) entered the game having won six of their last eight and were just a game back in the loss column of Denver and Houston for the last playoff spot in the West. As dormant as Nash was,  Tim Duncan  continued to be unchained. Duncan hit his first five shots, was 8-of-10 at one point and finished his work in the third quarter with a final stat sheet of 9-of-14, 19 points and 11 rebounds in 23 minutes. With the win, the Spurs (42-16) clinched the Southwest Division championship. San Antonio shot 53 percent from the floor and outrebounded Phoenix 49-44. The Suns were 38-of-96 from the floor -- almost 40 percent. The Suns fell behind 35-13 after shooting 6-of-21 in the first quarter and were outrebounded 17-8.  QUOTABLE:  "(Nash) was not going to go back in the game. He was not feeling well, and we're not going to risk one game of putting him back in there and then him missing the rest of the season. I didn't think it merited him going back into the game."    -- Suns coach  Alvin Gentry ; he did not elaborate on Nash's status when asked. THE STAT:  The Phoenix starters were 9-of-28 from the floor (32 percent), got to the foul line just twice, had two assists to four turnovers and scored 20 points. TURNING POINT:  Nash scored on a running jumper from 10 feet -- it turned out to be his only basket of the game -- and the Suns trailed 7-4 just 3 1/2 minutes into the game. But even two timeouts from Gentry did nothing to slow the Spurs onslaught. Nor did Gentry's ultimate benching of the Suns starters for the rest of the first quarter. The Spurs hit six straight shots on the way to leading 21-4 (a 14-0 run) and finished the first quarter leading 35-15. QUOTABLE II:  "We were able to jump on them pretty quickly and we sustained it through the game. Sometimes it's your worst nightmare to jump to a big lead at the beginning of an NBA game. I thought (the players) focused pretty well and did a good job."    -- Spurs coach  Gregg Popovich HOT:  Duncan is shooting 63 percent from the floor over his last five games (39-of-62). NOT:  Just a night earlier,  Sebastian Telfair  came off the bench, played 14 minutes and went 4-of-5 from the floor, hit both 3-pointers, and had 12 points. Two games earlier he was 6-of-7 at Minnesota. But when Nash was pulled for the night, the point guard spot was mostly Telfair's. He struggled with his shooting touch with the increase in minutes. He needed 21 shots to score 21 points, going 9-of-21 overall. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Duncan has a double-double in three of the past four games he's played. He's averaging 20 points and 13 rebounds in those three games. GOOD MOVE:  Duncan has been playing so well as of late that the Spurs went to him immediately and often. He hit his first five shots over  Marcin Gortat  in a combination of ways -- running right-handers, running left-handed hook shots, spot-up soft jumpers from 12 feet and backside cuts into the lane. BAD MOVE:  Gentry perhaps overdid it by pulling all five of his starters just six minutes into the game. If he was looking for a lift, the second team didn't do much better. The Suns trailed by 17 when the starters came out and by 22 at the end of the first quarter. The whole team struggled on the second night of a back-to-back. ROOKIE WATCH:  In late March,  Kawhi Leonard  had a streak of three games where he had scored in double figures. But he's been in single digits in the eight games since. He finally broke out of it with 14 points on 5-of-6 shooting (he hit all three of his 3-point shots) and five rebounds. ...  Markieff Morris  played 32 minutes but was 3-of-10 with 10 points and nine rebounds. NOTABLE:  The victory gives the Spurs the season series (3-0 so far). The teams play on the second-to-the-last night of the regular season at Phoenix. ...  Grant Hill  played eight minutes before, like Nash, getting the rest of the night off. It was his second game back after missing nine because of a right knee medial meniscus tear. He hit 2-of-4 shots for four points and had a rebound. UP NEXT:  For the Suns, Monday vs. Portland, Wednesday vs. Oklahoma City, Thursday vs. Clippers. For the Spurs, Monday @ Golden State, Tuesday @ Lakers, Wednesday @ Sacramento.  