Notebook: Bobcats 89, Celtics 83 
 
 
 Brian Robb, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Thu Nov 14, 2013 12:10 AM - Updated Thu Nov 14, 2013 12:10 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  Al Jefferson  beat the Boston Celtics for the first time in his career. Since being traded by Boston in 2007, Jefferson had been 0-11 against his former team.   
 
 THE LEAD:   Jefferson had his first double-double of the season, helping push the Charlotte Bobcats past the Boston Celtics with a 89-83 victory. Charlotte's big free agent acquisition had a season-high 22 points and 11 rebounds, and  Gerald Henderson  added 12 points and nine rebounds as the Bobcats overcame some poor shooting (36.6 percent) for the win.  Jeff Green  had a team-high 19 points for the hosts, who had their four-game winning streak snapped.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  ""Oh, man. It's been a long time coming. Better late than never, right?"  
 -- Jefferson on getting his first win against the Celtics. 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Bobcats shot 61.1 percent in the first quarter, building a 16-point lead in the process. Over the final three quarters, they shot a collective 29.7 percent from the field, yet still managed to escape with the victory.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  After cutting Charlotte's lead to two points with 30 seconds remaining, Boston forced a Bobcats miss but allowed an offensive rebound and uncontested put back by Jefferson to make it a two-possession game with 17 seconds remaining.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  ""I think this was a great learning lesson. We got cocky with this four game winning streak. Our confidence was up. We felt like the Bobcats was an easy win. You know we don't have to do nothing but put forth effort, like we could just turn it on like a light switch and win the game." 
 - Gerald Wallace  
 
 
 HOT:   Green -- Boston's leading scorer had his third consecutive game shooting above the 50 percent mark, hitting seven of his 13 shots.  
 
 NOT:   Kemba Walke r -- The Bobcats' floor general couldn't find the bottom of the net against Boston all night long, missing 12 of his 13 shot attempts. It was the second-worst shooting night of Walker's NBA career.  
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:   Mike Napoli  of the World Series champion Boston Red Sox took in the contest from courtside at the TD Garden. 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Wallace -- The veteran forward continues to stuff the stat sheet for the Celtics' on a nightly basis. Wallace posted 10 points, eight rebounds, two assists, and a pair of a steals in 32 minutes off the bench.   
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:   Cody Zeller  -- The Indiana product grabbed a career-high nine rebounds to go along with eight points and two assists in a productive 22 minutes off the bench for the visitors.   
 
 NOTABLE:   Josh McRoberts  missed the game due to personal reasons. He is expected to return to the club in time for the Bobcats' game Friday in Cleveland.  Anthony Tollive r got the start at power forward in his place and scored 11 points in 25 minutes.  ...  Jared Sullinger  (bruised knee) was not active for Boston. He is day-to-day. ...Charlotte made 9 of their first 11 shots at the start of the game. ...Boston never led in the game. ...The Celtics scored 21 fast-break points.    
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Celtics, Friday vs. Portland, Saturday @ Minnesota, Tuesday @ Houston. For the Bobcats, Friday @ Cleveland, Saturday vs. Miami, Tuesday @ Chicago.   
