Notebook: Wizards 86, Bulls 73 
 
 
 Rich Dubroff, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Jan 26, 2013 11:40 PM - Updated Sat Jan 26, 2013 11:40 PM 
 
 THE FACTS: Emeka Okafor  scored 15 points and had 16 rebounds,  Nene  and  John Wall  each had 16 as the Washington Wizards won for the seventh time in 10 games, 86-73 over the Chicago Bulls on Saturday night. 
 After Chicago had a five-point lead midway through the second quarter, the Wizards outscored the Bulls 38-15 to take a 73-55 lead after three. 
 
 Nate Robinson  led Chicago, whose three-game winning streak was snapped, with 19.  Joakim Noah  barely missed a triple-double with nine points, 17 rebounds and 10 assists. Robinson was the only Bull in double figures. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "Right now, it's just a buzz. It's nothing that's official. Once we get to .500 or above, then we can start putting ourselves up with some of the best teams in the East." 
 
 -- Wizards forward  Martell Webster   
 
 
 THE STAT:  Washington held Chicago to 29 points in the second half -- its fewest this season. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Bulls were within six at the half, but any chance they had evaporated when they had three field goals and six turnovers in an 11-point third quarter. "I thought we played low energy," Chicago coach  Tom Thibodeau  said. "When you start taking shortcuts, the results aren't going to be good." 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We had a good little wave we was riding'. Sometimes you fall off, but now we gotta get back up on the wave and keep surfing." 
 -- Robinson 
 
 HOT:  Okafor was 6-for-8 from the field. In the last two nights, he's 10-for-14. 
 
 NOT: .Carlos Boozer  was just 3-for-9. He had a flagrant foul for elbowing Okafor and a technical within a minute in the third quarter. He had just two rebounds, eight below his season average. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Knowing he had back-to-back games, Wizards coach  Randy Wittman  pulled his starters early in Friday's decisive win over Minnesota. His players had lots of energy. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Boozer elbowing Okafor in the midst of the Wizards' third quarter run, getting a flagrant, and giving Washington added momentum. 
 
 NOTABLE:  The Wizards won their fifth straight home game for the first time in nearly five years. 
 
 IN THE ARENA:  Washington drew its third sellout of the season, and earlier in the day, Georgetown upset No. 5 Louisville at the Verizon Center, The two games drew a combined 37,782 fans.   
 
 UP NEXT:   For the Bulls, Monday vs. Charlotte, Wednesday @ Milwaukee, Friday @ Brooklyn. For the Wizards, Monday vs. Sacramento, Wednesday @ Philadelphia, Friday @ Memphis. 
