  Raptors-Cavs notebook   By Sam Amico, for NBA.com  Posted Wednesday January 5, 2011 10:44PM THE FACTS:  Toronto may never be known for its defense, but it got the job done when it needed to Wednesday. That's when the Raptors buckled down following a fairly lethargic first quarter, overcoming a 12-point deficit to skate to a 120-105 road win in Cleveland. The Raptors (12-23) weren't too shabby on offense, either -- shooting 57 percent from the field.  Andrea Bargnani  led the way with 25 points on 10-for-20 shooting. Meanwhile, the Cavaliers (8-27) have lost 18 of 19. QUOTABLE:  "At the end of the first quarter [when the Raptors trailed 38-26], I didn't even have to say anything. I just wrote a '38' on the board. The guys responded."    -- Raptors coach  Jay Triano THE STAT:  Neither team shot worse than 51 percent on a night that seemed to feature the following defensive philosophy: "I promise not to guard you if you don't guard me." In fact, the Cavs were 51 percent overall, and even better than that on 3-pointers (10-for-19, 52.6 percent). Yet they still lost by 15. TURNING POINT:  As Triano indicated, the Raptors turned it up in the second quarter, scoring 40 points to take a 66-63 lead at halftime. Bargnani was largely responsible for the charge, burying 5 of 6 shots and scoring 14 points in the second. QUOTABLE II:  "Every time I think we take a step forward, we take two steps back. ... We're gonna keep working. That's the bottom line."    -- Cavs coach  Byron Scott HOT:  Raptors guard  Leandro Barbosa  scored 22 points off the bench, while starting point guard  Jose Calderon  tallied 20 points and 17 assists. ... Also for the Raptors, forward  Julian Wright  gave his finest performance of the season with 15 points (7-for-9 shooting) and nine rebounds. Finally, Cavs forward  Antawn Jamison  scored 32 points one game after a 35-point performance against Dallas. NOT:  Cavs big man  Anderson Varejao  played his first game with a protective mask (he has a broken cheekbone), and seemed to struggle mightily. Varejao finished with four points. Cavs forward  J.J. Hickson , a regular off the bench, did not play after missing a mandatory practice. QUOTABLE III:  "He is high energy, hustles and doesn't quit on plays. He was very big tonight."    -- Jay Triano on Julian Wright FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Cavs guard  Ramon Sessions  has fared well despite all the losing, playing his fifth straight strong game off the bench (16 points, six assists). Meanwhile, if you haven't picked up Wright by now, stop reading and sign him at once. ROOKIE WATCH:  Cavs guard  Christian Eyenga  tallied 16 points on 7-for-10 shooting in just his second NBA game. Eyenga was called up Sunday. Also, Raptors forward  Ed Davis  came off the bench to make all three of his field-goal attempts and finish with eight points. NOTABLE:  Cavs guard  Daniel Gibson  (13 points, six assists) returned after missing two games with a thigh injury, but had to leave in the third quarter with an ankle sprain. ... The Cavs led by 15 points in the first half. ... The Raptors waived forward  Ronald Dupree  before the game and, according to Triano, may be looking to sign a point guard. UP NEXT:  For the Raptors, Friday @ Boston, Sunday vs. Sacramento, Wednesday vs. Atlanta. For the Cavaliers, Friday @ Golden State, Sunday @ Phoenix, Tuesday @ L.A. Lakers.  