
 Wolves-Magic notebook   By Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday November 3, 2010 10:52PM THE FACTS:   Vince Carter's  20 points led seven Orlando players in double figures and the Magic piled up 78 points in the first half of a 128-86 rout of the Minnesota Timberwolves.  Kevin Love  scored a game-high 22 points for the Timberwolves, who played without injured forward  Michael Beasley  (hip contusion). QUOTABLE:  "When two of your last four games have been called off, I thought it was a victory that this one started."  -- Magic coach  Stan Van Gundy THE STAT:  Coming into the game as the NBA leader in rebound percentage, the Timberwolves took a 56-40 beating on the boards. TURNING POINT:  Minnesota led 10-6 when  Ryan Anderson  opened a 49-12 Orlando run with three 3-pointers in a span of 56 seconds. QUOTABLE II:  "They just came out and stomped us tonight. And that's really all there is to it."  -- Kevin Love HOT:  Magic center  Dwight Howard  came two blocks short of a triple-double (18 points, 16 rebounds, eight blocks) in just 23 minutes. NOT:  The Timberwolves lost by 74 points in back-to-back games in Florida. The good news? "It is behind us," said coach  Kurt Rambis . GOOD MOVE:  The 6-foot-10 Anderson started at power forward, with  Rashard Lewis  moving to small forward in what may or may not have been a one-game switch. "I thought it was the best matchup tonight, and we'll see what happens," Van Gundy said. ROOKIE WATCH:   Wesley Johnson  got his first start in place of Beasley, putting up eight points and four rebounds in 30 minutes. NOTABLE:  The Magic set a franchise record for points in a first half with 78, breaking the record of 75 set on Jan. 13, 2009, at Sacramento ... It was the most one-sided loss in Timberwolves history, exceeding a 41-point loss to Miami on March 5, 1996. UP NEXT:  For the Timberwolves, Friday vs. Atlanta, Monday @ Houston, Wednesday @ L.A. Lakers . For the Magic, Friday vs. New Jersey, Saturday @ Charlotte, Monday vs. Atlanta. 
