
 Bucks-Pacers notebook   By John Oehser, for NBA.com Posted Friday November 5, 2010 10:21PM THE FACTS:  The Milwaukee Bucks overcame a tough shooting first half Friday night, rallying from an early deficit to beat the Indiana Pacers, 94-90 at Conseco Fieldhouse in Indianapolis. After a rough start to the season, the Bucks were feeling better about themselves after a tight loss at Boston on Wednesday in which they played well, but they needed a victory Friday to avert a 1-5 start. The Bucks won despite playing without center  Andrew Bogut,  a late scratch because of a migraine. QUOTABLE:  "We've got two fairly solid performances (back-to-back). It doesn't get any easier. We've got to get back to .500 and go from there."    --- Bucks coach  Scott Skiles THE STAT:   Luc Mbah a Moute , playing the center position with Bogut out, finished with 10 points and 15 rebounds, providing energy in the post and adequately replacing Bogut's average of 14 points and 11 rebounds through five games. TURNING POINT:  The Pacers, after trailing by five, 92-86, with 1:21 remaining, cut into the lead and had a chance to tie the game, 92-92. But  Danny Granger  missed an 18-foot jump shot in transition with 27.9 seconds remaining and Indiana never had possession with a chance to tie again. QUOTABLE II:  "I'm happy because we won. It doesn't really matter what I did out there. I just had to bring energy because Bog was out and we haven't been playing with a lot of intensity and a lot of energy. I just had to go out and bring energy, especially on the defensive end. It paid off for us."   --  Luc Mbah a Moute HOT:  Bucks guard  John Salmons  typically has given Indiana trouble, and that trend didn't stop last night. It was difficult to call any Bucks players "hot" on a night when they started slow shooting from the field and finished shooting 38.6 percent (32 of 83). But Salmon shot 6 of 12 and had his usual effective game against the Pacers, finishing with 22 points and five assists. Salmons' two free throws with 5.1 seconds remaining pushed Milwaukee's lead to four, 94-90. NOT:  The Bucks opened the game shooting 4 of 21 -- and that was after making their first two shots. They finished the first quarter shooting 21.7 percent, but because the Pacers were shooting 8 of 23 -- 34.8 percent for the quarter -- Milwaukee managed to stay in the game early.  Carlos Delfino  and  Brandon Jennings  each shot 1 of 5 in the first quarter. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Pacers point guard  Darren Collison  continues to make an early impact offensively. Acquired in an offseason trade, he is in the starting lineup and had 19 points and two assists Friday. He also helped the Pacers take control in the second quarter with two of his five steals and seven points. ROOKIE WATCH:  Pacers guard/forward  Paul George  scored 10 points, but it was the timing of the points that mattered. With Indiana ahead 68-67, he converted a fast-break layup in traffic, and his 3-point field goal on the ensuing possession pushed the lead to 73-67 with 1:29 remaining in the third quarter. His 3-pointer on the next possession gave Indiana a nine-point lead. IN THE ARENA:  Indianapolis Colts Head Coach  Jim Caldwell  attended the game. NOTABLE:  A key moment for Indiana may have come before the game, when Bogut was scratched with a migraine. The Pacers historically have struggled against Bogut, whose quickness has given Pacers center  Roy Hibbert  trouble.  Drew Gooden  started in place of Bogut, and Hibbert continued his solid start to the season, registering 14 points and 12 rebounds, to keep Indiana close throughout. . . . Bucks forward  Corey Maggette  entered the game having made 32 consecutive free throes and hadn't missed since the regular-season opener. He missed his first two free throws Friday. . . . . Granger finished the game 6 of 17 from the field and had eight rebounds, but also committed seven turnovers. . . . Hibbert also committed six turnovers for Indiana. UP NEXT:  For the Bucks, Saturday @ New Orleans, Tuesday @ New York, Wednesday @ Atlanta. For the Pacers, Tuesday vs. Denver, Friday vs. Houston and Saturday at Cleveland. 
