Notebook: Heat 101, Hawks 92 
 
 
 Zachary Paul, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Mon Dec 10, 2012 11:12 PM - Updated Mon Dec 10, 2012 11:12 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:  The Miami Heat defeated the Atlanta Hawks 101-92 Monday at AmericanAirlines Arena.  
 The Heat were led by  Dwyane Wade  and  LeBron James , who combined to score 53 points. It was the second consecutive game the duo turned in an efficient performance. Wade was 11 of 13 from the field while James finished was 10 of 16.  
 The Heat as a team shot 58 percent from the field, handing the Hawks just their second loss in the past 10 games. Atlanta was able to keep it close behind the strong play of  Al Horford  and  Josh Smith , but Miami took control late in the third quarter.  
 It was the second straight victory for the Heat, who appear to have bounced back since their two-game losing streak. Miami improved to 8-0 when it holds opponents to under 100 points.  
 The Hawks were led by Smith, who finished with 22 points.  
 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I really didn't listen to the noise. I didn't pay attention ... I never really concerned myself with the noise outside."   --  Wade on ignoring his critics. 
 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Heat held the Hawks to 42 percent shooting from the field. They also became the first team to shot 50 percent against Atlanta this season.  
 
 
 TURNING POINT:  After the teams were even for the most part, the Heat went on a 10-2 run midway through the third quarter.  Ray Allen  hit a technical free throw to make it 77-67 with 2:15 remaining.  
 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We had a lot of mistakes defensively. They did shoot the ball well and we had defensive breakdowns. And the combination of both was the reason the Miami Heat had such a good shooting percentage."  --  Hawks coach  Larry Drew . 
 
   
 
 
 HOT:  Once again, Wade and James turned in efficient performances. After making 20 of 28 in Saturday's win against the Hornets, they combined to shoot 21 of 27. Most of the points came within the offense, making the feat even more impressive.   
 
 
 NOT:  The Hawks got little from their three-guard lineup, which consisted of  DeShawn Stevenson, Devin Harris  and  Jeff Teague.  None of them shot 50 percent from the field and they also struggled defensively.  
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  The decision to play  Norris Cole  and  Joel Anthony  continues to pay dividends on the defensive side of the ball. They have both provided sparks the past two games with their energy.  
 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Hawks were unable to contain Wade or James. This is usually a losing recipe. When both players are able to score at will, there's not much the opposition can do. The fact Wade and James shot at such high percentage made things much more difficult for the Hawks.  
 
 NOTABLE:  Heat forward  Udonis Haslem  and guard  Terrel Harris  were both held out because of the flu ...  Rashard Lewis  started in place of Haslem ... Hawks forward  Kyle Korver  (back) could return as early as Wednesday's game in Orlando ... Atlanta center Horford recorded his sixth straight double-double.  
 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Wednesday vs. Warriors, Saturday vs. Wizards, Tuesday vs. Timberwolves. For the Hawks, Wednesday @ Magic, Thursday vs. Bobcats, Saturday vs. Warriors.  
