  Lakers-Grizzlies notebook   By Marlon W. Morgan, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday February 8, 2011 12:27AM THE FACTS:  On a night when the Los Angeles Lakers struggled on offense, were brutal at the free throw line, and had several costly turnovers, they relied on their defense to pull out a 93-84 win over the Memphis Grizzlies. The Lakers held the Grizzlies to 39.8 percent shooting and allowed just 16 points in the fourth quarter to snap a two-game losing skid to Memphis and come away with a split of the four-game season series. QUOTABLE:  "That's what a good team does. They learn how to lock a team down and come out in the fourth quarter and play defense. I thought they were going to get  (Rudy) Gay  going, but he came up with some sort of (back) injury. That took a little bit of offense away from them. We can't take all the credit for it.''    -- Lakers coach  Phil Jackson  on holding the Grizzlies to 16 points in the fourth quarter. THE STAT:  The Grizzlies came out on fire in the first quarter, making 12 of their 22 shots (.545) to take a 29-26 lead. But the Lakers turned up the defense in the second quarter, as the Grizzlies shot just 5-for-21 (.238) and found themselves trailing 50-45. They never managed to regain the lead. TURNING POINT:  After falling behind by 13 points in the third quarter, the Grizzlies fought back to within 78-76 midway through the fourth quarter. But a 3-pointer by  Lamar Odom  and a three-point play by the forward were part of an 11-0 run to regain control for the Lakers. Lakers' coach Phil Jackson said he wanted to go to Odom because  Kobe Bryant  had struggled, committing six second-half turnovers. "I called a number for him and he was like, 'You should be calling that number more often,''' Jackson said. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Aside from the thousands of Memphis area Los Angeles fans among the sellout crowd of 18,119, there was rap star  Snoop Dogg  in the front row, rooting on his Lakers. Snoop was in town for a concert that was slated to begin at 8 p.m. tonight at another venue. Needless to say, he was late. GOOD MOVE:  After being hit in the face by Memphis center  Marc Gasol , an angry  Ron Artest  ran to the other end of the court to try and calm down as blood dripped down his face. As officials called timeout for Artest to go to the bench and get checked out, Artest had to be calmed down by teammate  Pau Gasol , who was in an interesting predicament. Naturally, he didn't want his teammate to do anything crazy, as he has been prone to do in the past, but even moreso since it was his younger brother who had Artest riled up. "I just tried to stay close to Ron to make sure everything was fine. Obviously, he was upset that he got hit pretty good. It was the third time he got hit in the face and he didn't appreciate that very much. It would've been (awkward), but it didn't happen. I think it was a good outcome for everybody.'' NOTABLE:  The Lakers made a conscious effort to stop the Grizzlies' double-double machine  Zach Randolph . Not only did they use their length on him, starting with Pau Gasol, but they doubled him in the post, often with Bryant, who dared  Sam Young  and  Tony Allen  to shoot. Randolph was held to just eight points on 2-for-14 shooting. Young did manage to tie his career-high with 22, but Allen was not a threat from the outside and was forced to pass up open shots. ... The loss was the first at home against a Pacific Division team for the Grizzlies. ... The Lakers when to the free throw line 35 times, but managed to make just 21 to finish at 60 percent. They spent most of the game shooting around the 50 percent mark. ... The Grizzlies signed veteran point guard  Jason Williams  prior to the game. Williams is the franchise's all-time assist leader after spending four years (2001-05) with the club. ... The Lakers are 2-0 in the first two games of their seven-game road trip which continues Thursday at Boston. When asked what he would consider a successful road trip, Jackson said he was thinking of a number like seven. UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Thursday @ Boston, Friday @ New York, Sunday @ Orlando. For the Grizzlies, Tuesday @ Oklahoma City, Friday vs. Milwaukee, Sunday vs. Denver.  