  Notebook: Grizzlies 102, Raptors 99  Posted Friday March 2, 2012 11:07PM By Duane Watson, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The Memphis Grizzlies (21-15) beat the Toronto Raptors (11-25) 102-99 on Friday night at the Air Canada Centre. The win was the Grizzlies third in a row and their seventh win in eight games.  Rudy Gay  led the Grizzlies with 23 points and 12 rebounds, while  Mike Conley  and  Marc Gasol  both contributed 21 points a piece. The Raptors had six players in double digits led by  Jerryd Bayless'  18 points off the bench.  James Johnson  scored 14 points followed by  Leandro Barbosa's  13 points and  Linas Kleiza's  12 points who both came off the bench to push them in the second half. After three quarters, seven lead changes and six ties, the Grizzlies led 77-75, but the game all came down to defense. Kleiza went on a 7-2 run of his own with 6:17 in the fourth quarter. The Grizzlies responded by holding the Raptors scoreless for the next four and a half minutes and going on their own 13-6 run capped off by Gay's game winner with 26.9 seconds left.  Jose Calderon's  3-point attempt from the top of the arc could have tied the game with 3.6 seconds left, but struck the back of the rim, giving the Raptors another tough close home loss. QUOTABLE:  "We don't have  Zach (Randolph)  right now and that's a big part of why we were in the playoffs last season. Without him we've had to readjust and move people around and find a way to win and that's why I'm most impressed with is we're finding a way to win regardless of who's in or who's out."   -- Conley THE STAT:  Points off turnovers. The Raptors committed 16 turnovers in the game giving the Grizzlies 24 points from their errors. TURNING POINT:  Gay's 19-foot baseline jumper with 26.9 seconds left in the game put the Grizzlies ahead 100-99. After sinking the jumper Gay raised his finger to his lips to hush the boisterous Air Canada Centre crowd, also silencing the Raptors offense who wouldn't score for the remainder of the game. QUOTABLE II:  "They put the three on me so Rudy just came back to the same side and Aaron was on him. So I had to give him the ball and it was a like free throw shot for him."   -- Gasol on Gay's game-winning shot. HOT:  Down 23-21 to start the second quarter, the Raptors bench came out and sparked a 18-9 run in the second, scoring 26 of the Raptors 31 points. Bayless scored 10 points in the quarter, giving them a 52-45 lead going at halftime. NOT:  The Grizzlies continued to give the Raptors hope and keep the game interesting down the stretch, shooting 3 for 10 from the free throw line in the fourth quarter. GOOD MOVE:  Gasol started the game hot scoring the first four baskets for the Grizzlies. Raptors head coach  Dwane Casey  subbed in center  Jamaal Magloire  who immediately established his presence, incurring a foul fighting for position with Gasol. Gasol didn't take too kindly to the contact letting Magloire know, while Magloire let him know he didn't care. Magloire out performed the All-Star during a 7:48 minute stretch in scoring (4-0) rebounds, (2-0) and blocks, (1-0). NOTABLE:  The Grizzlies have won three in a row and six in a row against the Ratpors. ... Toronto is 0-10 at home this season when trailing after three quarters... the Raptors are 1-8 when allowing 100+ points. ... The Grizzlies are a perfect 10-0 this season when scoring 100 or more points. ... Toronto's reserves scored 54 points while Memphis scored 29 points off the bench. ... Toronto tied a season low with four offensive rebounds. UP NEXT:  Toronto continues their homestand Sunday vs. Golden State, Monday vs. Orlando and Wednesday vs. Houston. The Grizzlies continue on Saturday vs. Detroit, then travel on Wednesday @ Golden State and @Phoenix on Saturday.  