  Lakers-Nets notebook   By Bryan Chu, for NBA.com Posted Saturday January 15, 2011 2:01AM THE FACTS:  The return of two former Lakers and a monster game from  Brook Lopez  kept the game close for the Nets, but a balanced scoring attack by the Lakers helped them pull out their seventh straight victory, 100-88, Friday at Staples Center. The Lakers (30-11) were led by  Kobe Bryant , who had a team-high 27 points on 10-for-19 shooting and zero turnovers.  Pau Gasol  had 20 points and nine rebounds and  Lamar Odom  added 14 and 11. Lopez led the Nets (10-29) with a game-high 35 points. Former Lakers  Sasha Vujacic  (17) and  Jordan Farmar  (12) played well in their first game back against their former team.  Kris Humphries  scored six points and pulled down a game-high 15 rebounds. QUOTABLE:  "These type of games are always the hardest for me like last year when we first played against Trevor [Ariza] because they're like little brothers to me, literally."   -- Bryant on playing against his former teammates, Farmar and Vujacic. THE STAT:  21 -- The number of points the Lakers scored off New Jersey turnovers. TURNING POINT:  After Vujacic cut the deficit to 78-76, the Lakers went on a 9-0 run to go up 87-76 at the 5:23 mark in the fourth quarter and never looked back. HOT:  Lopez had a pair of monster quarters (13 in the first, 12 in the third) en route a game-high 35 points, which was also just two shy of tying his career high. He made 13-for-19 from the field and 9-for-11 from the free throw line. NOT:  Lakers center  Andrew Bynum  could not handle Lopez down in the block all game. He picked up his fourth foul at the 8:09 mark of the third quarter after picking up his second foul in the first three minutes of the game. Bynum finished with a season-low two points on 1-for-5 shooting in 22 minutes of play. He also had five rebounds and five fouls. QUOTABLE II:  "(Kobe) was asking me why I hadn't played like this all year. This (aggressiveness) is something I want to do from here on out."   -- Lopez FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Vujacic continues to produce since  Anthony Morrow  went down with a hamstring injury. Vujacic had 13 of his 17 points in the fourth quarter to lead all bench players. In the last 12 games, Vujacic has scored in double figures nine times. During that span, he has averaged 12.3 points and 2.1 threes per game. QUOTABLE III:  "The reception was amazing. These are the people who kind of raised me. It was great to feel welcomed in my home stadium."   -- Farmar, a Los Angeles native, on receiving his championship ring in front of his home crowd. NOTABLE:  Vujacic returned to Los Angeles for the first time since he was traded Dec. 15 to the Nets, part of a three-team trade that brought  Joe Smith  to the Lakers. "He's been great," Nets coach  Avery Johnson  said. "He's in a situation in his career where he wants to prove that he can be a really solid player on a team." UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Sunday vs. Clippers, Monday vs. Oklahoma City, Wednesday @ Dallas. For the Nets, Saturday @ Portland, Monday @ Golden State, Wednesday vs. Utah.  