Notebook: Thunder 113, Warriors 112 
 
 
 Randy Renner, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Nov 30, 2013 12:27 AM - Updated Sat Nov 30, 2013 12:27 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Thunder extended their record Oklahoma City era home-court winning streak to start a season to eight straight games. 
 
 THE LEAD:  Russell Westbrook  drilled a stunning, turnaround 3-pointer with :00.1 on the clock to give the Oklahoma City Thunder a thrilling 113-112 win over the Golden State Warriors in overtime. 
 Westbrook finished as the game's leading scorer with 34 points, outdueling  Stephe n  Curry 's 32 points to lead Golden State. 
 Westbrook thought he'd beaten the Warriors in Oakland a couple of weeks ago when he nailed a trey with 2.3 seconds left, only to have  Andre Iguodala  drop in a fall-away jumper at the buzzer to take the win. 
 On Friday, Westbrook didn't leave enough time on the clock for some Warrior heroics. The winning shot was set up by an even more amazing save by  Thabo Sefolosha , who grabbed a rebound with a leaping one-handed catch, flipping the ball to Westbrook just before he landed out of bounds. Westbrook took in Sefolosha's toss, dribbled to the 3-point arc, turned around and launched his prayer. 
 The answer shook a packed Chesapeake Energy Arena. 
 
 Kevin Durant  finished with 25 points and 13 rebounds and was supposed to take the last shot, but he was double teamed by Golden State and passed to a wide open  Serge Ibaka , who missed a 16-footer leading to Sefolosha's save. Ibaka had 18 points, 13 rebounds and four blocks. 
 All five Warriors scored in double figures, led by Curry's 32.  Harrison Barnes , filling in for the injured Iguodala, had a career-high 26 points.  Klay Thompson  ended up with 16 points but was just 5-for-19 shooting. He was hounded all night by Sefolosha's defense. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "It was truly a blessing. Thabo did a great job saving the ball, I didn't wanna tie the game, I was trying to win, I'm just thankful it went in." 
 -- Russell Westbrook 
 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "That was a fortunate bounce for them. A lot of good things happened for them on that last possession. I thought we played well enough to win and then it came down to a freak play." 
 -- Stephen Curry 
 
 
 QUOT A BLE III:  "Did we really think this game wasn't gonna end this way? These teams have trouble guarding each other. Russell's shot was remarkable. There's no bigger fish story than what he did tonight. You love this game for these types of moments." 
 --Thunder coach  Scott Brooks 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Thunder hit only two shots from the field in overtime, the last one winning the game. For the entire game, OKC shot only 39.1 percent. But the Thunder also held Golden State to just 30.8 percent (8-for-26) on 3-pointers. The Warriors came into the game leading the NBA at 43.7 percent. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The game turned so many times everyone was dizzy. The Thunder appeared in control most of the first half then a poor third quarter put them on their heels only to come storming back from a nine point deficit to send the game into overtime. 
 
 QUOTABLE IV:  "Russell wanted the ball more than anyone else on the floor tonight. He had great will, made a big play and we didn't go get the basketball. It's tough, it's very tough." 
 -- Warriors coach  Mark Jackson 
 
 
 HOT:  After going 2-for-16 against the Spurs Wednesday night, Westbrook hit his first five shots...The Thunder started the game 7-for-9 (77.8 percent) and finished the first quarter at 66.7 percent (12-for-18). In the second half Durant and Westbrook combined to go 13-for-16 on free throws...Curry was 7-for-11 (16 points) in the second half. 
 
 NOT:  For the first half of the second quarter, OKC shot just 20 percent (3-for-15)...Thompson was 1-for-10 (0-for-6 on 3s) in the first half... D avid Lee  was 2-for-12. 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  Legendary former University of Oklahoma and Dallas Cowboys football coach B arry Switzer  was at the game. Switzer and  Jimmy Johnson  are the only two coaches to win both a collegiate National Championship and a Super Bowl. He was part of the 121st consecutive sellout inside Chesapeake Energy Arena. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Early in the game, Westbrook was guarding  Andrew Bogut  out front, jumped up, slapped the ball out of his hands, grabbed it and raced to the other end of the court for a tomahawk slam. 
 
 GOOD MOVE, TOO:  During a second quarter break, Thunder mascot "Rumble The Bison" was trying to help a little boy hit a shot. He was just too small though even when Rumble put him on his shoulders. Then in stepped 6-foot-8 official  Eric Dalen , who put the boy on his shoulders getting him high enough to dunk. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Thunder backup center  Steven Adams  scored five points, pulled down eight rebounds and blocked a shot. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Thunder center  Kendrick Perkins  left the game late in the second quarter with a dislocated ring finger on his left hand and did not return. It's the second time this season Perkins has dislocated that finger...For the first time in his career, Ibaka has had a double-double in three straight games. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Warriors: Sunday @ Sacramento, Tuesday vs. Toronto, Friday @ Houston.  For the Thunder: Sunday vs. Minnesota, Tuesday @ Sacramento, Wednesday @ Portland. 
