  Celtics-Hawks notebook   By Matt Winkeljohn, for NBA.com Posted Saturday April 2, 2011 12:20AM THE FACTS:  For the second game in a row, the Hawks played with unmistakable passion and reserves  Zaza Pachulia  and  Jamal Crawford  helped Atlanta rally from a 12-point third quarter deficit to beat the visiting Celtics 88-83 for a fourth consecutive victory. Crawford scored a team-high 20 points and Pachulia had 15 points, 10 rebounds and recovered multiple loose balls while playing every second of the fourth quarter -- like Crawford -- as Atlanta starters  Josh Smith  and  Marvin Williams  did not play in the final period. Pachulia had 10 points and six rebounds in the fourth quarter, when Atlanta out-scored Boston 26-15. The Celtics, who arrived in Atlanta at around 4 a.m. after winning Thursday in San Antonio, were led by  Paul Pierce's  25 points, and  Rajon Rondo  had 13 points, 10 rebounds and five assists, but the Hawks were aggressors most of the night. Atlanta outscored Boston by 15 points at the free throw line (26-of-30 to Boston's 11-of-20) and out-rebounded the visitors 52-38. The Hawks in back-to-back games have beaten teams ahead of them in the Eastern Conference playoff race, including an 85-82 win Wednesday over the Magic. Atlanta finished the regular season 1-3 against Boston, including a 99-76 loss in the Celtics' Nov. 22 visit. QUOTABLE:  "Zaza came in and just gave us huge, huge minutes. Game balls to both he and Jamal Crawford. Both guys came off the bench and did what we look for them to do. We need Jamal aggressive off the dribble, and attacking. We need Zaza being aggressive and making big man plays. He did that."  --  Hawks coach  Larry Drew. QUOTABLE II:  "I was watching Z roll. It was a beautiful thing to watch, him really playing physical, playing hard and doing what he does. As long as he keeps doing that . . . we're going to be successful. Maybe he needs to visualize everybody in a Celtics uniform. The way he plays against them is amazing to watch."  --  Josh Smith, on not playing the final quarter-plus as Pachulia did. THE STAT:  18-2: Both teams scored 34 points in the paint, but the Hawks out-worked the Celtics and it showed up in a big way in their 18-2 edge in second-chance points. Atlanta out-rebounded Boston 34-19 in the second half, including a 10-2 margin in offensive boards. TURNING POINT:  The Hawks fell behind 68-58 on  Delonte West's  jumper with 50 seconds left in the third quarter, and  Ray Allen  soon stole the ball from Pachulia. But after Allen missed a layup,  Al Horford  hit two free throws, and another close-range miss by Allen led to Crawford's off-balance layup to cut the Boston lead to 68-62 with less than one second remaining in the quarter. Atlanta started the fourth quarter with a 9-1 run to take the lead as Pachulia scored six quick points and  Joe Johnson  added three free throws. Horford finished with 16 points, 15 rebounds, four assists, a steal and a blocked shot. HOT:  Crawford scored 10 straight points on five consecutive possessions for the Hawks in the second period by making three-pointers on back-to-back possessions, a jumper, two free throws and a runner. . . . Pachulia has had 34 rebounds over the past five games despite not playing more than 18:08 in that span until Friday (23:22). NOT:  Boston 6-foot-9 forward  Glen Davis , who started at center Friday because  Nenad Krstic  was out after injuring his right knee Thursday in San Antonio, had scored 36 points on 15-of-23 shooting over the previous two games. Friday, though, he made just four-of-11. He did make just his second three-pointer of the season in 13 tries, a 28-footer just before the shot clock expired early in the second quarter. . . . Joe Johnson made just four-of-20 shots, including one-of-nine in the fourth quarter. He made 10-of-11 free throws, however, to finish with 19 points. . . . Atlanta point guard  Kirk Hinrich  scored five points for the second game in a row. He made two-of-eight shots after making two-of-nine in Wednesday's win over Orlando. . . . Allen scored 11 points. That's the seventh consecutive game, and ninth in the past 10, he has scored below his season average of 16.8. Over the past seven, he has averaged 12.7. GOOD MOVE:  Drew's decision to leave Pachulia in over the final 13:58 of the game at center with Al Horford playing power forward and starting power forward Josh Smith on the bench paid off big. QUOTABLE III:  "I thought Zaza Pachulia was the toughest dude on the floor and changed the whole game. He was banging everybody, getting offensive rebounds, and I thought that was a great move by [the Hawks]. The difference between [winning in San Antonio Thursday] and tonight was the ball didn't move enough. I thought we took quick, bad shots."  --  Celtics coach  Doc Rivers . NOTABLE:  With Boston trailing 84-81, Davis missed two free throws with 36 seconds left.  Kevin Garnett , who had 10 points and 10 rebounds, appeared to grab the rebound. Hinrich fouled him as he immediately went back up for a shot that might've pulled Boston to within a point, or tied the score if he followed with a free throw. The rebound didn't count, though, because Garnett was called for a foul after pushing Pachulia in order to get that rebound. Pachulia's two free throws made it 86-81. The Celtics were finished when Horford tipped in a Johnson miss with 7.9 seconds left to make it 88-83. . . . Pierce was hit with a technical foul in the first period, and Pachulia and Boston's  Jermaine O'Neal  drew simultaneous technicals with just over one second left in the period for jawing back and forth with some light pushing during a dead ball. . . . Krstic will undergo an MRI in Boston Saturday on his injured left knee. . . . Drew told reporters before the game he was going to start  Jason Collins  at center, but when he learned that Glen Davis was starting at center for Boston (because of the absence of both Krstic and  Shaquille O'Neal  plus the fact that this was just Jermaine O'Neal's second game since Jan. 12 because of knee surgery), he started his normal lineup with Horford at center. Collins did not play. Jermaine O'Neal had one point, one rebound and two turnovers in 15:40. . . . The Celtics scored 16 points in the third quarter and 15 in the fourth, but neither was a season low for that period (15 and 11). . . . Shaquille O'Neal may be available for Sunday's game against Detroit after being sidelined with an inflamed right Achilles' tendon. UP NEXT:  For the Celtics, Sunday vs. the Pistons, Tuesday vs. the 76ers, Thursday @ the Bulls. For the Lakers, Sunday @ the Rockets, Tuesday vs. the Spurs, Friday @ the Pacers.  