Notebook: Raptors 93, Mavericks 85 
 
 
 Scott Campsall, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Jan 22, 2014 11:33 PM - Updated Wed Jan 22, 2014 11:33 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Toronto Raptors overcame their largest deficit of the season -- 21 points -- to defeat the Mavericks on Wednesday night. This was also the fifth largest deficit the Raptors have overcome in team history. On Dec. 20, the Raptors overcame a 19-point deficit -- their previous season-high -- to beat the very same Mavericks in Dallas. 
 
 THE LEAD: DeMar DeRozan  scored a career-high 40 points to help the Toronto Raptors (21-20) rally from 21 points down to defeat the Dallas Mavericks (25-19) 93-85 on Wednesday night at the Air Canada Centre.  
 
 Greivis Vasquez  scored 17, his highest since being traded to Toronto, and added seven assists off of the bench, while  Jonas Valanciunas  had 12 points and a game-high 10 rebounds.  
 
 Monta Ellis  stepped up with 21 points and six assists and former Raptor  Jose Calderon  added 13 points and five assists for the Mavs, who were playing without  Dirk Nowitzki  for just the second time this season.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "Just being aggressive and having the passion to win. To be honest, it's just the fight within, just to do whatever I could do to help my team win." 
 -- DeMar DeRozan on what drove him to his 40-point performance 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Raptors made a living from the free throw line on Wednesday night, making 22 of their 32 attempts. Conversely, the Mavericks only attempted 14 free throws, making 10.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Raptors went on a 14-6 run to tie the game at 82 midway through the fourth quarter and they didn't stop there. A spinning reverse layup by DeRozan gave the Raptors their first lead since the opening quarter and then a 3-pointer by  Amir Johnson  extended that lead to four, the largest lead of the game.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "Greivis Vasquez is playing at a high level, 17 points and seven assists, he did a good job of controlling and he did a better job on Jose Calderon since  Kyle [Lowry]  was under the weather. Jose got them going and [Vasquez] came in and did a much better job defensively." 
 -- Raptors coach  Dwane Casey 
 
 
 THE STAT II:  DeRozan became just the seventh player in Raptors history to score 40 points.  
 
 HOT:  Valanciunas's double-double was his team-best 13th of the season. The Raptors are 12-4 when he has double-digit rebounds this season.  
 
 NOT:  Lowry had a horrendous shooting night for the Raptors. He missed all 10 of his attempts from the floor and all six from beyond the 3-point arc, all while battling flu-like symptoms.  
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "When I probably watch the tape I'll go from there but it's a great feeling that there are cheers and people appreciate what I've done here. It's a work in progress." 
 --  Vince Carter  on his reception from the fans in Toronto 
 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  DeRozan's 40 points came on 15-for-22 shooting from the floor. DeRozan has now scored 20 or more points in nine of 12 games in January.  
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Casey opted to begin the second quarter with Vasquez running the point. This move paid immediate dividends as Vasquez went off, sparking a 17-4 Raptors surge. Vasquez scored 11 of his 17 in that second quarter.  
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Mavericks guard Shane Larkin scored two points on 1-for-3 shooting in 11 minutes of action.  
 
 NOTABLE:  Carter made his 14th appearance in Toronto since being traded nearly 10 years ago. Carter remains second on the Raptors' all-time scoring list with 9,420 points. ... Before the game, the Raptors announced that forward  Landry Fields  had undergone surgery on his wrist. It will be at least three weeks before he can resume basketball activity. He has played in 23 games this season, averaging 2.4 points, 2.2 rebounds and 11.9 minutes. ...  Tyler Hansbrough  sat out his 11th straight game with a left ankle sprain. ... The final attendance at the Air Canada Centre was 18,179. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Mavericks, Friday @ Brooklyn, Sunday vs. Detroit, Wednesday vs. Houston. For the Raptors, Friday @ Philadelphia, Saturday vs. L.A. Clippers, Monday @ Brooklyn.  
