  Notebook: Spurs 93, Hornets 81   By Tim Price, for NBA.com Posted Friday February 3, 2012 12:02AM THE FACTS:  The aging Spurs thrust their aging duo of  Tim Duncan  and  Tony Parker  out there again for the fourth game in five nights, and the quarter century of NBA experience combined for 37 points on 14-of-23 shooting, 14 rebounds and eight assists to lead San Antonio to another home court victory, 93-81 over the New Orleans Hornets on Thursday at AT&T Center. Duncan had 19 points on 6-of-8 shooting while Parker was 8-of-15 for 18 points and eight assists. San Antonio (15-9 overall, a league-best 12-1 at home) also got 16 points from 2009 first-round selection  Tiago Splitter . New Orleans (4-19) was led by  Carl Landry 's 17 points off the bench.  Greivis Vasquez  started at point guard because  Jarrett Jack  was bothered by a sore knee, and Vasquez hit half his shots for 16 points with five assists. It was the second game of back-to-backs for both teams, though the Spurs had both games at home. QUOTABLE:  "We had a hard time making baskets in the first half. We had some wide-open shots. Timmy [Duncan] got it going. He was being very aggressive when they were double teaming him. And then Tiago [Splitter] was huge in the fourth quarter. I was finding him on the pick and roll, so it worked out pretty good for us in the fourth quarter."    -- Tony Parker THE STAT:  In the last two games the Hornets have scored at least 20 points in every quarter -- except the fourth quarter in each of those games. They were outscored 32-16 last night while losing to Phoenix and the Spurs outscored them 22-13. San Antonio shot 64 percent in the fourth and limited the Hornets to 28 percent. TURNING POINT:  There were 14 lead changes and 15 ties when San Antonio clung to a three-point lead to start the fourth. But less than two minutes into the quarter the Spurs forced a 24-second violation and, after Vasquez re-entered the game, the Hornets were forced into a twisting shot by Vasquez with just a second left on the shot clock. It was part of an 11-2 run the Spurs put together to start the fourth. QUOTABLE II:  "We've got to take this like a man. I take responsibility because I was the point guard. The last five minutes I should have controlled the game, but there was a couple of possessions we just looked so desperate. When you're playing all-stars, you can't do that. It's a learning process, but I'm tired of learning. I don't want to learn no more. I'm tired of losing."    -- Greivis Vasquez, who started at point and played almost 34 minutes but had four less points and seven fewer assists than Wednesday when he came off the bench and played 28 minutes against Phoenix HOT:  Splitter hit 7-for-9 shots from the floor and now is shooting 68 percent in his last 11 games (50-for-74) compared to 53 percent (30-for-56) in his first 13 this season. NOT:   Trevor Ariza  went 2-for-10 and only two of them were 3-point tries. He's 16-for-58 (28 percent) from the floor the past six games and has hit 15 percent of his 3-pointers in that span. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Duncan would normally sit when the Spurs are playing their fourth game in five nights, as they were Thursday. But he's played in all of them, including 22 ½ minutes against the Hornets, scoring in double figures in all of those four games (17.5 points per game). He also had nine rebounds Thursday. ROOKIE WATCH:  With Jack out and Vasquez starting at point,  Carldell Johnson  played 14 minutes at backup point guard and had five assists to one turnover, two steals and four points.  Gustavo Ayon  got a chance to guard Duncan and picked up four fouls in 16 minutes along with eight rebounds. Spurs first-round selection  Kawhi Leonard  (15th overall) was pulled from the starting lineup and played almost 12 minutes, taking just one shot and no other marks in the stat sheet. He started 13 games this season and had averaged 23 minutes. NOTABLE:  Parker is now six assists away from equaling  Avery Johnson 's franchise record of 4,475 career assists. ... The Hornets had a different starting lineup for the second-straight night with Vasquez at point guard. In the previous game  Marco Belinelli  came out of the starting lineup in favor of  DaJuan Summers . ... The Spurs started 1-for-14 from the 3-point line and finished by hitting three of their last five. UP NEXT:  For the Hornets, Saturday @ Detroit, Monday vs. Sacramento, Wednesday vs. Chicago. For the Spurs, Saturday vs. Oklahoma City, Monday @ Memphis, Wednesday @ Philadelphia.  