  Celtics-Knicks notebook   By Adam Zagoria, for NBA.com Posted Monday March 21, 2011 11:31PM THE FACTS:  In a game in which  Carmelo Anthony  took five stitches above the left eye, the Knicks blew a 15-point second-half lead and the Celtics closed the game on a 23-4 run to win, 96-86, at Madison Square Garden. New York has lost three straight and six of seven, and fell to 7-9 since the Anthony trade. QUOTABLE:  "That fourth quarter we missed some shots that we was making in the first half and we didn't make in the second half. It wasn't one thing that I can point out."   --  Anthony, who finished with a team-high 22 points THE STAT:  The Celtics outscored the Knicks, 33-17, in the fourth quarter. In their last three games, the Knicks have scored 17, 23 and 17 points in the fourth. TURNING POINT:  The Celtics used a 13-0 run to turn an 82-73 fourth-quarter deficit into an 86-82 lead.  Paul Pierce  scored the first seven points of the run, hitting two foul shots, a 3-pointer and a pull-up jumper. QUOTABLE II:  "In the second half we played like the Celtics. We defended and we shared the ball."   --  Celtics coach  Doc Rivers HOT: Kevin Garnett  shot 10 of 15 from the field and scored 16 of his game-high 24 points in the second half. He also grabbed 11 rebounds. NOT: Jared Jeffries  managed just 1 point and four rebounds in 16-plus minutes. Knicks coach  Mike D'Antoni  elected to start  Ronny Turiaf  at center after a failed one-game experiment with  Shelden Williams . Jeffries started the game before that. NOTABLE:  With about two and a half minutes remaining in the game, Anthony collided in the air with  Rajon Rondo  as they went for a 50-50 ball on an in-bounds pass. Anthony fell to the floor and lay face down. He was hit again as Rondo ran up the court after a layup by  Glen Davis  that made it 90-86. Anthony stayed in for one possession but did not return. QUOTABLE III:  "I thought I was cool until I got in there and I guess it started seeping into my eye or whatever. I couldn't open my eye after that."   --  Anthony. Asked if a foul should have been called, Anthony added: "The way they was calling, it ain't no telling, so I don't know. I can't really answer that." INSIDE THE ARENA:   Donald Trump  sat courtside. "I used to park cars at the country club he attended," Knicks announcer  Mike Breen  said on air. UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Wednesday vs. Orlando, Friday vs. Milwaukee, Saturday @ Chicago. For the Celtics, Wednesday vs. Memphis, Friday vs. Charlotte, Sunday @ Minnesota.  