Notebook: Cavs 97, Bulls 93 
 
 
 Brian Dulik, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Dec 01, 2013 12:08 AM - Updated Sun Dec 01, 2013 12:08 AM 
 
 THE FACT: Andrew Bynum  posted his first double-double since April 15, 2012 in leading the Cavaliers past the Bulls. 
 
 THE LEAD:  Cleveland's Bynum and shooting guard  Dion Waiters  each scored 20 points as the Cavaliers snapped their five-game losing streak with a 97-93 win over the Chicago Bulls Saturday night. All-Star point guard  Kyrie Irving  added 19 points and six assists for the Cavaliers (5-12), while power forward  Tristan Thompson  had 14 points and a game-high 14 rebounds.  
 Small forward  Luol Deng  led the Bulls with 27 points and a career-high tying 11 assists, while rookie shooting guard  Tony Snell  scored a season-best 18 points. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "This felt good. I'm not going to lie to you. It was actually good to jump and see that it wasn't too bad on the landing. But more than anything, this game was about getting out on the floor and getting my touch back." 
 
 -- Cavaliers center Andrew Bynum 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Bynum set season highs in points (20), rebounds (10), blocked shots (5), and minutes (30) in dominating the paint for extended stretches. It was his 36th career 20/10 game and his 120th double-double in the NBA. Bynum made a short jumper with 3:35 left, giving the Cavaliers the lead for good at 89-88. The 7-footer sat out all of last season after undergoing surgery on both knees. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  With the Cavaliers holding a 95-93 advantage with 17.4 seconds left, the Bulls put up four shots in the paint in rapid-fire fashion, but missed them all. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "Everybody saw a little bit of what Andrew [Bynum] is capable of bringing to the table for us. He was big for us offensively, he was big for us on the glass, and I thought he was big for us protecting the rim." 
 
 -- Cavaliers coach  Mike Brown 
 
 
 HOT:  Bynum shot 8-for-14 from the field and 4-for-4 from the line, raising his season free-throw percentage to .913. ... Waiters scored 13 points before he missed a shot, finishing the night 8-for-10 on field goal attempts. ... Irving did not commit a turnover in 39 minutes. ... Bulls power forward  Taj Gibson  scored 18 points in 24 minutes off the bench, including nine points in the fourth quarter. ... Chicago's  Joakim Noah  had eight rebounds and seven assists. 
 
 NOT:  The Bulls completed their six-game circus road trip with a 1-5 record. ... Noah and  Carlos Boozer  combined to miss 16 of their 23 shots. ... Chicago point guard  Kirk Hinrich  had two assists and five fouls. ... The Cavaliers are 2-8 since Nov. 11. ... Cleveland rookie power forward  Anthony Bennett  airballed a perimeter jumper and missed a 3-pointer. The No. 1 overall pick in the NBA Draft did convert on a dunk, upping his pro field goal percentage to .224 on 11-for-49 shots. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "Bynum is really strong, but I've got to do a better job defensively, holding the paint down. They scored a lot of easy baskets down low, and that starts with me. I have to be better than I was tonight." 
 
 -- Bulls center Joakim Noah 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Cavaliers shooting guard  C.J. Miles  (right calf strain) returned from a four-game absence after Brown had already ruled him out for the contest. The eight-year veteran convinced Cleveland's trainers to allow him to play, then replaced Russian rookie  Sergey Karasev  in the starting lineup. Miles gutted out 16 minutes and scored six points while providing a calming influence at the two-guard spot. "When C.J. is healthy, he's going to be in there," Brown said. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Instead of jumping on the struggling Cavaliers, Chicago allowed them to score the first nine points of the game. Bulls coach  Tom Thibodeau  used his first timeout 82 seconds in, then watched his squad start the third quarter equally flat. Cleveland came out of intermission with a 15-5 run to take its largest lead at 71-56 on a bank shot by Irving. "The first six minutes of the game and the first six minutes of the third were the big things tonight," Thibodeau said. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Chicago had won its previous six games in Cleveland. ... Bulls shooting guard  Jimmy Butler  (right big toe sprain) remain out, but Butler is traveling with the team and continuing to rehabilitate his injury. ... Cavaliers small forward  Earl Clark  (flu) was a late scratch, joining rookie small forward  Carrick Felix  on the inactive list. ... WWE wrestler Nick "Dolph Ziggler" Nemeth sat courtside. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Monday vs. New Orleans, Wednesday vs. Miami, Friday vs. Detroit. For the Cavaliers, Wednesday vs. Denver, Friday @ Atlanta, Saturday vs. L.A. Clippers. 
