  Warriors-Suns notebook   By Jonathan Dalton, for NBA.com Posted Saturday March 19, 2011 1:21AM THE FACTS:   Marcin Gortat  scored a game-high 18 points and added nine rebounds to lead the Phoenix Suns past the Golden State Warriors 108-97, snapping a four-game losing streak.  Channing Frye  had 17 points in his first game back after missing five with a dislocated right shoulder.  Grant Hill  and  Steve Nash  also scored 17 for the Suns, who swept the season series with the Warriors. Dorell Wright  scored all of his team-high 30 points in the second half,  David Lee  had 16 and  Stephen Curry  added 15 for the Warriors, who have lost six straight against the Suns and 12 in a row in Phoenix. Golden State staged a late charge, cutting a 19-point deficit at the end of the third quarter to 91-83 on a driving dunk by  Al Thornton  with 7:34 to go. But Frye hit a 3-pointer, Hill added a layup and the Suns hit four straight free throws to stretch lead back to 14, 102-88 with 4:15 to play. QUOTABLE:  "We know there are going to be peaks and valleys. But we can't afford to have Death Valley."   - Suns coach  Alvin Gentry . THE STAT:  The Warriors took a 7-2 lead 9:41 into the game behind Curry's early five points. But the Suns, led by  Robin Lopez's  six points and four rebounds, ran off a 17-2 stretch to take a 19-9 lead and never trail again. Golden State's 2:49 in the lead was one second more than twice as much time as the Warriors had led total in the team's prior two meetings combined - 1:24. TURNING POINT:  Golden State usually thrives on turnovers, but turnovers ended up being its undoing. The Warriors turned the ball over six times in the first quarter alone, including three offensive fouls, leading to eight Suns points and Golden State squandred its brief lead. The Warriors finished with 21 turnovers, good for 24 Phoenix points. HOT:  Gortat entered the game just under eight minutes in and immediately found his groove, scoring on 2 of 4 shots, blocking a shot and adding a rebound in a steal in his first three-plus minutes on the court. He finished 7 of 11 and just missed his fourth 20-point game. NOT:   Monta Ellis  entered the game scoring a team-high 24.8 points per game. Guarded primarily by Hill, Ellis finished with eight points on 3-of-11 shooting including 0-for-3 from beyond the arc. NOT II :  Vince Carter  missed his first nine shots, including an attempted dunk after a steal that bounced off the back rim and all the way to halfcourt. He did rally late but still finished a dismal 4 for 15 -- 0 for 6 from behind the 3-point line. IN THE ARENA : Former Seattle Mariners superstar  Ken Griffey Jr.  was in attendance. More notably, several hundred Polish nationals on vacation were in attendance to cheer every move by their countryman Gortat. Gortat reciprocated the affection, pointing at the red-and-white clad fans as he ran up court after one layup and otherwise repeatedly waving as they cheered and clapped. NOTABLE:  Phoenix's season sweep was their first against Golden State since 2001-02. The Suns haven't lost the season series to the Warriors since 1994-95. UP NEXT:  For the Warriors, Sunday @ Dallas, Monday @ San Antonio, Wednesday @ Houston. For the Suns, Sunday @ L.A. Clippers, Tuesday @ L.A. Lakers, Wednesday vs. Toronto.  