  Notebook: Hawks 94, Hornets 72   By Larry Holder, for NBA.com Posted Sunday January 29, 2012 10:38PM THE FACTS:  Point guard  Jeff Teague  served as the catalyst, scoring a game high and tying a career high with 24 points as the Atlanta Hawks defeated the New Orleans Hornets 94-72 on Sunday night in the New Orleans Arena. Atlanta has won two straight games, while the Hornets have lost 16 of their last 18 games. QUOTABLE:  "I'm most proud about this win is the fact that we maintained our composure. At the start of the third quarter, they started with two quick baskets and I called a timeout for us just not to panic. We came back out of that timeout, put our foot on the gas and things kind of took off."  --Hawks coach  Larry Drew THE STAT:  11. The number of points the Hornets scored in the first quarter. It's the lowest scoring output in a quarter by New Orleans this season. The Hornets have struggled to score points all season. It's the third time the Hornets have scored less than 80 points and the 72-point output is a season low for New Orleans. TURNING POINT:  The Hawks came out of the gate on fire. They outscored the Hornets 27-6 to open game. New Orleans managed to creep back into the game, but Atlanta put together another big run outscoring the Hornets 23-4 to end the third quarter. HOT:  Hawks reserve guard  Willie Green  got back at his former team that basically ignored him during the free agency period. Green, who was a key bench piece last season for the Hornets, took it out on the Hornets as he scored 16 points off the bench for Atlanta on 6 of 11 shooting. NOT:  Hornets forward  Carl Landry  was expected to play starter-type minutes now that center  Chris Kaman  has been permanently sidelined until the Hornets can trade Kaman away. That didn't happen, and he probably didn't deserve the minutes he saw, considering he was scoreless. GOOD MOVE:  Teague entered Sunday night's game questionable to play after injuring his ankle Friday night in Detroit and missed the second half. Teague played anyway against the Hornets and the move undoubtedly paid off with  Joe Johnson  and  Josh Smith  both having off games. QUOTABLE II:  "Surprised? No. I get a feel for our team the way we come out in the first quarter. I thought the effort in the first quarter was kind of there, but not really assertive. ... I thought we played desperate against Orlando. I thought we came out tonight as if we could kind of show up and if they played well, we'd start to play hard. We're in no position to do that with the talent that we have on our team. ... (General manager)  Dell (Demps) , (team president)  Hugh (Weber)  and I are getting a read for who is going to be here in the future. ... I saw guys hiding from pressure tonight."   --Hornets coach  Monty Williams NOTABLE:  The Hawks lit it up from 3-point land as they went 12-of-23 for 52.2 percent. Teague went 4-of-4 and Marvin Williams went 3-of-4 leading to his 14 points. ... Hornets center  Emeka Okafor  scored a team-high points. Only  Jarrett Jack  and  Greivis Vasquez  scored in double digits as both had 10 points. UP NEXT:  For the Hawks, Tuesday @ Toronto, Thursday vs. Memphis, Saturday vs. Phoenix. For the Hornets, Monday @ Miami, Wednesday vs. Phoenix, Thursday @ San Antonio.  