Notebook: Nets 104, Heat 95 
 
 
 Jake Appleman, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Jan 11, 2014 12:08 AM - Updated Sat Jan 11, 2014 12:35 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Nets' season-high -- and current league-best -- five-game winning streak came the hard way: after missing potential game-winning shots at the end of regulation and overtime, they finished the Heat off in double overtime, 104-95. 
 
 THE LEAD:  On nickname jersey night,  LeBron James  (36 points, seven rebounds, five assists) could not will the Heat to victory without  Dwyane Wade , even with King James etched on his back. An entertaining beginning quickly gave way to a defensive-minded slugfest that ended up being a three-hour game.  
 
 Joe Johnson  finished with 32 points and five assists after a sterling first half to lead the Nets to the win.  Paul Pierce  (23 points) and  Shaun Livingston  (19 points, a career-high 11 rebounds) supplied Johnson with plenty of help, while  Andrei Kirilenko  made a huge difference, finding loose balls and leading on defense. Shorthanded and playing on the second night of a back-to-back, the Heat's supporting cast generally struggled against an improved Nets defense.  
 The Heat's 13-point output in the second quarter was tied for a season low and Brooklyn held them to 6-for-23 (26 percent) from behind the arc.  Chris Bosh  was limited to 10 points and 10 rebounds. 
 
 THE STAT:  The Nets outscored the Heat 17-2 on second chance points. 
 
 TURNING POINT: Norris Cole  (18 points, 7 assists) sent the game to double overtime after James fouled out late in the first overtime, but the Heat were blitzed in the second overtime and couldn't overcome the absence of James, especially without Wade. 
 
 INJURY UPDATE:  Wade sat out the second night of a back-to-back to rest, while  Shane Battier  missed the game with a quadriceps injury and  Mario Chalmers  sat out the contest with a right Achilles strain. ...  Deron Williams  (ankle) did not play and has been ruled out for Saturday night's game in Toronto.    
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We completed the homestand like we wanted to." ---  Pierce, on the Nets' sweeping their last four games in Brooklyn 
 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "That's something we've been working on since 2014." --  Nets coach  Jason Kidd  on the team's improved defense, which has helped them remain undefeated since the calendar turned   
 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  Yankees great  Mariano Rivera , Yankees manager  Joe Girardi , New York City Football Club coach  Jason Kreis  and  Rihanna  attended the game.    
 
 NOTABLE:  The first quarter was an old fashioned shootout between Johnson and James, with neither player missing until the frame's final minute. Even when Johnson missed his first shot, the Nets quickly stole the ball and Livingston fed Johnson for a 3-pointer. Johnson finished 9-for-10 for 22 of the Nets' 33 points, while James went 5-for-6 en route to tallying 16 of Miami's 32 first quarter points. ... The first quarter pyrotechnics were followed by a scoreless run to start the second quarter that lasted longer than three minutes, a drought ended by a  Reggie Evans  layup. ...  Ray Allen  had a subpar night (9 points, 2-for-14 shooting) while wearing J. Shuttlesworth on the back of his jersey. The nickname pays homage to Jesus Shuttlesworth, the Brooklyn basketball prodigy Allen portrayed in  Spike Lee 's film  He Got Game . Lee also attended the game and rooted for the Heat. ... James took offense to a flagrant foul by  Mirza Teletovic  early in the fourth quarter and had to be restrained from confronting Teletovic. ...  Alan Anderson  started and played 35 minutes, but didn't score until overtime, when his long baseline jumper gave the Nets a 91-89 lead. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Wednesday @ Washington, Friday @ Philadelphia, next Saturday @ Charlotte. For the Nets, Saturday @ Toronto, Thursday @ Atlanta (in London), next Monday @ New York.  
