  Notebook: Lakers 120, Warriors 112 Posted Monday April 2, 2012 1:40AM By Dan Arritt, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Someone, or something, needed to step up Sunday night after Lakers center  Andrew Bynum  departed the game with a sprained left ankle late in the first quarter and didn't return against the visiting Warriors. Leave it to the recently cold-shooting  Kobe Bryant  and the team's previously ragged 3-point shooting to lift the Lakers to a 120-112 victory at Staples Center.     QUOTABLE:  "Obviously, Kobe going 16-for-28 and 3-for-3 from the 3-point line and the 40 points, he was very efficient shooting and scoring the basketball."   -- Lakers coach  Mike Brown THE STAT:  Bryant produced his first 40-point game since registering four straight from Jan. 10-14. It was also his first game shooting 50 percent or better on the home floor since a victory March 4 against the Heat. Bryant came into the game shooting 31-for-102 over the previous five games (30.4 percent), lowering his season percentage to 42.5, the lowest since his rookie season in 1996-97 (41.7). TURNING POINT:  The Warriors trailed by 13 points at the start of the fourth quarter and looked well on their way to their fifth straight defeat, but  Klay Thompson, Richard Jefferson  and  Nate Robinson  helped rally Golden State within a point on Thompson's fast-break layup with 7:02 left in the game. Even after Lakers point guard  Ramon Sessions  kick-started a 9-0 run with a 3-pointer, the Warriors wouldn't go away, pulling back within three on  David Lee 's 3-point play with 1:59 left. The Lakers finally got the separation they needed on a 3-point basket by  Metta World Peace  with 1:09 remaining, pushing the lead back to 118-112. HOT:  The Lakers came into the game tied for 27th in the league in 3-point efficiency, but you couldn't tell against the Warriors, at least after the first quarter. They missed their first six 3-point attempts but made 10 of their final 13, including 4-for-6 in the fourth quarter. NOT:  Bynum's latest injury occurred when he came down on the foot of  Josh McRoberts  late in the first quarter. He immediately headed to the locker room for X-rays, which came back negative, according to the Lakers. He's expected to be reevaluated Monday and his availability is day-to-day. Bynum missed his only two shots and finished scoreless for the first time this season. QUOTABLE II:  "I think it's OK."   -- Brown on Bynum's ankle after watching him walk out of the locker room following the game. GOOD MOVE:  With Bynum sidelined,  Troy Murphy  and McRoberts took on an extra load. Murphy finished with eight points and matched his season-high with 11 rebounds. McRoberts had two points and eight rebounds, scoring his only basket on a two-handed dunk off a missed runner by Sessions. He swung on the rim for extra emphasis, much to the delight of the crowd. BAD MOVE:  Already thin in the middle with  Andrew Bogut  out with a fractured ankle,  Andris Biedrins  coming back from a six-game absence due to a strained groin and  Mickell Gladness  away from the team for a family matter, the Warriors shrunk even more when starting center  Jeremy Tyler  was whistled for three fouls in the first 2:37 of the game. That earned the rookie a seat on the bench until three minutes remained in the second quarter. NOTABLE:  Golden State came into the game tied for fourth in the league in fewest turnovers per game at 13.9. They matched their season low with five, a number they achieved in a loss Tuesday against the Lakers in Oakland. ... Sessions finished with 23 points and nine assists, his best scoring game as a member of the Lakers and one point off his season high. ... Jefferson and Robinson came off the bench and shot a combined 10-for-11 from 3-point range. UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Tuesday vs. New Jersey, Wednesday @ L.A. Clippers, Friday vs. Houston. For the Warriors, Tuesday @ Memphis, Wednesday @ Minnesota, Friday @ Utah.  