
 Raptors-Jazz notebook   By Andrew Aragon, for NBA.com Posted Thursday November 4, 2010 12:53AM THE FACTS: Al Jefferson  scored a season-high 27 points and had six rebounds and  Deron Williams  nearly had a triple-double as the Utah Jazz beat the Toronto Raptors 125-108 on Wednesday night. Williams had 22 points, 14 assists and eight rebounds.  C.J. Miles  sparked the Jazz off the bench with 19 points and five 3-pointers. QUOTABLE:  "C.J. made those shots that were heartbreakers for the other team and certainly warmed our heart when they went in. Those were some big shots that C.J. made, big plays. That's what we need out of him."    -- Jazz coach  Jerry Sloan  on the play of Miles THE STAT:  The Jazz nearly doubled the Raptors in assists, 30-16. Their unselfish play helped them build a big lead in the first half, and pull away in the fourth quarter. TURNING POINT:  After having what was once a 23-point lead whittled down to a point in the third quarter, Miles provided the Jazz with a lift. He hit back-to-back 3-pointers that were bridged by the third and fourth quarters to stretch a four-point lead to a 94-84 advantage. The one he hit as time expired in the third quarter was banked in. Toronto didn't get within nine points the rest of the way. QUOTABLE II:  "They're really tough to play in a normal situation, but to let them score 40 points in the first quarter you can't do much after that."    -- Raptors center  Andrea Bargnani  on Toronto's slow start HOT:  The Jazz started the game on a hot streak. They made their first seven shots, assisting on five of them, to take a 15-2 lead. They scored 41 points in the first quarter on 68 percent shooting. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Bargnani was productive for owners who drafted him in the early rounds. He had 26 points and nine rebounds -- equaling the number of boards he grabbed in Toronto's previous three games. He also had three assists and two blocked shots. He did, however, have a low shooting percentage at 42.1. INSIDE THE ARENA:  The Jazz Bear, the team's mascot, was throwing football passes to kids from the crowd during a second quarter break. He pulled a cotton candy vendor out of the bleachers, had her go long for a pass, and then took off running with the cotton candy, passing it out to spectators. It was probably staged, but nonetheless entertaining. GOOD MOVE:  Sloan putting Miles in the game with six minutes left in the third quarter might have been the difference in the game. Miles scored 14 of his 19 points in the final 18 minutes, shooting 4-for-5 from 3-point range during that time. ROOKIE WATCH:  It was a quiet night for the rookies. Utah's  Gordon Hayward  was the only first-year player to get on the court, and he didn't do much. He had two rebounds in eight minutes. NOTABLE:  The Jazz have defeated the Raptors 11 straight times ... Utah reserve guard  Ronnie Price  had a season-high 11 points ... In four games, the Jazz have had a 102-69 advantage in assists over their opponents. UP NEXT:  For the Raptors, Friday @ Lakers, Saturday @ Blazers, Monday vs. Warriors. For the Jazz, Friday @ Warriors, Saturday vs. Clippers, Tuesday @ Heat. 
