  Notebook: Lakers 102, Grizzlies 96 Posted Monday March 26, 2012 2:19AM By Dan Arritt, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The Grizzlies replaced power forward  Zach Randolph  in the starting lineup with  Marreese Speights  and that seemed to give the bench an extra lift in the second half Sunday night. The Memphis reserves, led by Randolph,  O.J. Mayo  and  Hamed Haddadi , led the Grizzlies back from a one-point deficit late in the third quarter and on to 102-96 victory at Staples Center. QUOTABLE:  "The bench played really well and gave us some valuable minutes. We played with a renewed spirit and renewed energy that we hadn't played with in a while."  --  Memphis head coach  Lionel Hollins. THE STAT:  Behind 16 points from Mayo, 10 for Randolph and a season-high 10 for Haddadi, the Memphis bench accounted for 41 points, compared to nine for the Lakers. It was the second straight game the Lakers were heavily out-numbered by the opponent's reserves. They were outscored, 34-13, in a 103-96 victory Friday night against the visiting Trail Blazers. TURNING POINT:  The Lakers' bench delivered one of their three field goals when  Steve Blake  sank a 3-pointer a minute into the fourth quarter to cut the deficit to 75-73. Haddadi came back with a left-handed lay up and, two minutes later, Randolph collected an offensive rebound and put it back to stretch the lead to 80-74 with 9:14 left in the game. Haddadi then blocked a shot by Lakers center  Andrew Bynum , leading to a fast-break lay up by Mayo and an eight-point. After a basket by  Kobe Bryant , Mayo answered with seven straight points to push the lead to 89-76 with 7:18 remaining. The Lakers couldn't get closer than seven until Bynum hit the first 3-pointer of his career at the buzzer. HOT:  Bynum might be wondering why he doesn't get the ball more often after scoring 30 points on 11-for-16 shooting. It marked his fourth 30-point game in the last 13. As for the Grizzlies,  Rudy Gay  helped carry the team through the first 2-plus quarters. He scored a team-high 18 points on 8-for-14 shooting, scoring his final points on a 3-pointer with 9:06 left in the third quarter, matching the biggest lead of the game to that point, 63-51. NOT:  If the Lakers aren't going to get any help from their bench, then need all they can get from Bryant and  Pau Gasol . That wasn't the case against the Grizzlies, as Gasol shot 4-for-15 and scored 16 points. Bryant was a little better, shooting 7-for-15 and scoring 18, but he was 1-for-4 in the fourth quarter when the Lakers needed him most. The duo was a combined 10-for-31 on Friday against Portland. GOOD MOVE:  Hollins made a bold move by starting Speights over Randolph, who missed 2 1/2 months with a knee injury before returning March 16. The Grizzlies had gone 1-4 since his return, losing the last three. Speights put up eight points while playing most of the first quarter, and that seemed to leave Randolph fresher for the fourth, when he had eight points and five rebounds. BAD MOVE:  Lakers head coach  Mike Brown  also made a bold move with 5:45 remaining in the game and the Lakers trailing by 14 points, replacing Bryant, one of the league's all-time greatest closers, with  Metta World Peace , who is averaging 5.9 points this season. Bryant had just forced up a fall-away 15-footer, leading to a fast-break lay up by Randolph. After the crowd began chanting, 'Kobe, Kobe,' Brown put Bryant back in the game with 1:51 remaining and the Lakers down by seven. The Lakers didn't convert a field goal until Bynum's last-second 3-pointer, however, leaving many to wonder just what Brown thinking. QUOTABLE II:  "I decided to make a sub."  --  Brown on his decision to bench Bryant. NOTABLE:  The Lakers came into the game with the second-best home record in the NBA (20-3) ...Bynum's 3-pointer came on his seventh attempt from that range in seven seasons in the NBA ... Brown flew to Sacramento on Saturday night to watch his son,  Elijah , win a state championship for the Mater Dei high school basketball team ... In his second game as the starting point guard for the Lakers,  Ramon Sessions  had 18 points and five assists. He shot 2-for-3 from 3-point range, putting him at 7-for-13 as a member of the Lakers. UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Tuesday @ Golden State, Thursday vs. Oklahoma City, Saturday vs. New Orleans. For the Grizzlies, Tuesday vs. Minnesota, Friday @ Houston, Saturday @ Milwaukee.  