  Spurs-Knicks notebook   By Mike Vorkunov, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday January 4, 2011 11:00PM THE FACTS:  The New York Knicks used an unexpected offensive explosion to topple the San Antonio Spurs, the team with the NBA's best record, 128-115, at Madison Square Garden.  Wilson Chandler  scored a season-high 31 points, and received help from  Amar'e Stoudemire  and  Raymond Felton , who both contributed 28 points.  Tony Parker  had a Spurs high with 26 points. QUOTABLE:  "It just reminded me of the defensive struggles we had when it was San Antonio- Phoenix."   -- Knicks coach  Mike D'Antoni  sarcastically commenting on the two teams combining for 243 points and neither one shooting less than 53 percent from the field. THE STAT:  Within the breakneck pace of the game, the Knicks managed to turn the ball over just six times. The Knicks put up 91 shots, their fourth highest total of the season and forced the Spurs into 16 turnovers but managed to keep their cool on offense. QUOTABLE II:  "If we score 115 points, I expect to win the game. Our defense was pathetic."   -- Spurs coach  Gregg Popovich  on allowing the Knicks to score 128 points, 101 through three quarters, and shoot 54.9 percent from the field. TURNING POINT:  After Stoudemire gave the Knicks a 122-111 lead with 3:27 remaining, the game looked in New York's favor but not over. That is until Popovich used a foul line trip for Parker to pull all of his other starters with 3:13 remaining. And Parker was taken out during the next dead ball. INSIDE THE ARENA:  A wide range of stars were in the building.  Joe Frazier ,  Chloe Sevigny ,  Judah Friedlander  and  Pauly D  were among the celebrities taking in the game. ROOKIE WATCH:  This game involved two rookie surprises, but only one had a good night. Knicks guard  Landry Fields  stayed in line with his season performance by scoring 13 points, grabbing six rebounds and also coming up with three steals. But Spurs guard  Gary Neal  struggled. After Popovich spent the pregame praising his shooting, Neal shot just 3-for-11 from the field and missed all but one of his seven 3-pointers on the way to an eight-point night. NOTABLE:  The Knicks won a game despite shooting under 38 percent from the 3-point line for just the third time this season. Each time they have hit less than 30 percent of their 3s. The two previous times came Nov. 30 against New Jersey and opening night at Toronto. Against the Spurs, the Knicks shot 8-for-27, making 29.6 percent of their 3-pointers. UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Friday @ Phoenix, Sunday @ Los Angeles, Tuesday @ Portland. For the Spurs, Wednesday @ Boston, Friday @ Indiana, Sunday vs. Minnesota.  