  Hornets-Suns notebook   By Mike Tulumello, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday December 27, 2011 12:42AM THE FACTS: Eric Gordon  nailed a jumper from the top of the key with 4.2 seconds left to pull out a dramatic 85-84 season-opening win for the visiting New Orleans Hornets over the Phoenix Suns Monday night. The Hornets plodded to a 47-41 halftime lead, but the Suns turned the game in their favor after the break and seemed headed to a narrow win until Gordon's heroics. Suns center  Robin Lopez  scored on a drive (though he missed the free throw that would have made it a 3-point play) that made it 82-79 Suns with 2:40 left. Then Lopez nailed a 16-foot baseline jumper to put the Suns ahead, 84-81, with 1:34 left. Gordon hit two free throws to draw the Hornets to 84-83, and -- after a miss by  Steve Nash  --  Trevor Ariza  missed two free throws that would have put the Hornets ahead. Then the Suns  Jared Dudley , who is replacing Vince Carter as the starting off guard, missed a 12-footer. That gave the Hornets the ball back with 14.7 seconds left. Gordon dribbled the ball up high, then stepped back and swished a 21-footer rookie  Markieff Morris  got the ball for the Suns, hesitated then threw it away to seal the Hornets' win. "It was good for me to get the ball at the top of the key," Gordon said. "We put it in his hands," victorious coach  Monty Williams  said. "We knew he could make something happen." Gordon, a key to the Hornets' huge  Chris Paul  trade, had a team-high 20 points. Lopez led the Suns, who shot less than 40 percent, with 21 points. Nash had 14 points and 12 assists. QUOTABLE:  "All the stuff we've been through, with all the changes in the off-season, I just wanted this game really bad."   --  Hornets' guard Gordon . THE STAT:  The Suns, who are heavily dependent on the 3-point game, shot just 5-for-25 from long range. The Hornets were no better at 2-for-16. TURNING POINT:  Gordon's big shot. QUOTABLE II:  "Holding a team like that in the 80s is huge."   --  Hornets head coach Williams. HOT:  Suns centers Lopez and  Marcin Gortat  combined to shoot 14-for-21. NOT:  Suns off guards Dudley and  Shannon Brown  combined to hit just 4-for-19. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Lopez looked like the player who helped the Suns on their unlikely drive to the Western Conference finals two seasons ago rather than the clumsy, lost big man of last year. "I just needed to give the right effort," he said. INSIDE THE ARENA:  The Suns, generally perceived as a possible borderline playoff team, fell short of a sellout of 18,422, drawing an announced crowd of 17,776. ROOKIE WATCH:  The Suns' Morris, though he made the final killer turnover, managed seven points, nine boards and two blocks in his first NBA game. NOTABLE: Greivis Vasquez , who has been with the Hornets for only a couple of days, did a solid job in filling in most of the time for suspended point guard  Jarrett Jack . Though he had five turnovers, Vasquez pitched in with 10 points, three rebounds, three steals and two assists. Williams said, "He didn't have any fear. He's a gamer. The moment didn't bother him." UP NEXT:  For the Hornets, Wednesday vs. Celtics, Friday vs. Suns and Sunday @ Sacramento. For the Suns, Wednesday vs. 76ers, Friday @ New Orleans and Saturday @ Thunder.  