Notebook: Suns 104, Wolves 103 
 
 
 Peter Kapsner, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Thu Jan 09, 2014 1:07 AM - Updated Thu Jan 09, 2014 1:07 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Phoenix Suns continue to surprise, expanding their lead to 4 ½ games over the Timberwolves in the Western Conference with a last-second victory. 
 
 THE LEAD:  The Suns refused to go down tonight, defeating the Timberwolves 104-103 in a battle at Target Center on Wednesday night.  Gerald Green  made a jumper from the corner with 3.9 seconds to cap a 7-0 Suns run in the last 1:51 and give Phoenix (21-13) an improbable victory.  Goran Dragic  led the way for Phoenix with 26 points, nine assists and six rebounds while Channing Frye added 22.  Kevin Martin  led the Wolves (17-18) with 20 points, while  Kevin Love  and  Nikola Pekovic  each double-doubled in a losing effort.  
 Both teams struggled to establish any offensive flow, as possessions were plagued by turnovers, missed put-backs, fouls, and poor decisions. The Wolves managed to pull themselves together and score on six straight possessions midway through the fourth, pushing their lead to nine. But the Suns refused to quit, scoring on their last four possessions including the game-winner. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "No hesitation. No hesitation at all ... got the hand-off and I just knew to just catch it and rise up and shoot it. The ball went in for me."  
 --Phoenix's Gerald Green 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Timberwolves are now an abysmal 0-10 in games decided by four points or less this season. For a team with playoff aspirations, the inability to win close games does not bode well. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "It's just a real tough loss. We just kind of gave it away. The kid made a tough shot in the end, but we have to handle the situation better than we did."  
 -- Wolves coach Rick Adelman 
 
 
 TURNING POINT:  With the Wolves trying desperately to hold on,  Ricky Rubio  got caught on a jump-pass under the basket with 24 seconds left and threw the ball to  Markieff Morris  for the steal, one of two steals Morris made in the crucial final minute.  
 
 HOT:  Frye was 5-for-10 from 3-point range tonight. He is shooting 50 percent on 3-pointers in January, and jacked up double-digit 3s for the third time in his last five games. 
 
 NOT:  Love has enjoyed an MVP-worthy season, but he was brutal tonight -- shooting 4-for-20 from the field. With the game on national television Love appeared to press his shot and force the action while consistently arguing with officials, and did not have his usual command of the game. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  The Timberwolves bench has struggled of late, scoring just five points twice in the last four games. But they had their full bench for the first time this year as  Chase Budinger  made his return from knee surgery. Adelman took out his entire starting lineup in the second quarter, and the Wolves' reserves held serve with Phoenix, outscoring them 12-9 as the starters rested.  
 
 NOTABLE: Leandro Barbosa  returned to Phoenix on a 10-day contract today. He played 13 minutes and scored three points with three assists..... Robbie Hummel  and  A.J. Green  survived the NBA waiver period today and will have their contracts guaranteed for the rest of the season.....NBA steals leader Rubio failed to record a takeaway tonight. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Wolves, Friday vs. Charlotte, Sunday @ San Antonio, Wednesday vs. Sacramento. For the Suns, Friday @ Memphis, Saturday @ Detroit, Monday @ New York.  
