  Notebook: Hornets 97, Celtics 78   By Larry Holder, for NBA.com Posted Thursday December 29, 2011 12:37AM THE FACTS: Jarrett Jack  scored 21 points and  Carl Landry  added 20 points and 11 rebounds as the New Orleans Hornets hammered the Boston Celtics 97-78 on Wednesday night in the New Orleans Arena. It's the first time the Celtics have started a season 0-3 since the 2006-2007 campaign. QUOTABLE:  "We've just got to work our way through it, and we will. Thank God it's early. ... It's so early it's three games into the season. We've played two pretty good teams, and this team (Hornets) is not bad. Home opener, rested, waiting for us. I'm not going to overdo this. Three in a row? You should never lose three in a row. We should never lose three in a row. But we have and there's nothing we can do about it."   -- Celtics coach Doc Rivers on starting the season 0-3 THE STAT:  The Hornets (2-0) prided themselves on defense last year, and it's pretty apparent they'll do the same this season as they blocked 12 Celtics shots on Wednesday. It's the most blocked shots in a single game for the Hornets since 2006. TURNING POINT:  Hornets forward  Jason Smith  hit a 20-footer to give New Orleans a 17-16 lead with 2:17 remaining in the first quarter. It may not seem like much, but the Hornets never trailed again as the Celtics' tired legs were apparent as they were playing their third game in four days. QUOTABLE II:  "We have to give them credit. They played two nights in a row and it was a little tough for them. We respect the Celtics all the way. But in the meantime, it was a good win for us. We're a young group so that means a lot to us. But we haven't done too much. We have to stay focused and stay humble."   --Hornets guard  Greivis Vasquez HOT:  Jack started his first game of the season Wednesday night after sitting out Monday night's season opener at Phoenix with a one-game suspension stemming from an arrest during last season. Jack made Hornets fans forget  Chris Paul  for a night as Jack went 8-for-17 from the floor for 21 points along with nine assists and only one turnover. NOT:  Rivers said Celtics forward  Jermaine O'Neal  needs to stop looking at the box score and do his job following Wednesday night's loss. That's because O'Neal looked old going 1-for-6 from the field for just two points. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Saints owner  Tom Benson  sat courtside for the Hornets' home opener. A lot of other people did as well as the game was a sellout. NOTABLE:  Hornets guard  Eric Gordon  didn't play Wednesday with a swollen knee after bumping it during Monday's win in Phoenix. Gordon's knee seemed fine during Wednesday's shootaround, but it swelled up again shortly before tip-off. Williams called the injury day-to-day. ... Celtics forward  Paul Pierce  will missed his third consecutive game to start the season with a bruised right heel. Pierce is considered day-to-day and Rivers didn't give a time as to when Pierce would return. ... Celtics forward  Chris Wilcox  also missed the game with a bruised left shoulder and is also considered day-to-day. ...  Emeka Okafor  and  Marco Belinelli  each had 13 points, while  Chris Kaman  added 12 for the Hornets. ...  Ray Allen  led the Celtics with 15 points and  Rajon Rondo  had 13 points. UP NEXT:  For the Celtics, Friday vs. Pistons, Sunday @ Wizards, Monday vs. Wizards. For the Hornets, Friday vs. Suns, Sunday @ Kings, Monday @ Jazz.  