Notebook: Trail Blazers 105, Jazz 94 
 
 
 Andrew Aragon, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Dec 10, 2013 1:24 AM - Updated Tue Dec 10, 2013 2:01 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  Portland avoided suffering back-to-back losses for the first time this season, and snapped a five-game losing streak in Utah.  
 
 THE LEAD:  It was closer than the last time the Portland Trail Blazers played the Utah Jazz, but that isn't saying much.  
 
    LaMarcus Aldridge  scored 24 points and  Robin Lopez  had 15 points and 11 rebounds to lead Portland to a 105-94 victory over Utah on Monday night. The two teams also played last Friday with the Trail Blazers taking an easy win in a game where they led by as many as 42 points.  
    Utah put up a better fight this time, even with starters  Derrick Favors  (back) and  Marvin Williams  (right heel) out with injuries.  Alec Burks  helped keep the Jazz close with 20 points off the bench, and center  Enes Kanter  had 19 points and five rebounds.  
    Portland (18-4) led by as many as 14 in the fourth quarter before Utah (4-19) whittled it to five.  Nicolas Batum , however, bailed the Blazers out, making a high-arcing 3-pointer from 30 feet away as the shot clock expired to put Portland up 100-92 with 1:03 remaining.  Damian Lillard  then iced the game with a 3-pointer on the Trail Blazers' next possession. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We knew it wasn't going to be the same as the previous game. Blowouts happen in the NBA. Especially when you face another team so soon, you know you are going to get their best effort."  
 
 --Portland center Robin Lopez 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Trail Blazers allow the fewest assisted field goals per game in the Western Conference, and they lived up to their billing against Utah. Their defense didn't allow the Jazz's offense to flow, and they held Utah to just 13 assists. The Jazz had a paltry four assists in the first half.   
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Trail Blazers were in control for almost the entire contest. An 8-0 run in the third quarter allowed Portland to mostly play at ease for the duration of the contest. Batum made a reverse layup to start it, Aldridge hit a jumper and former Jazz man  Wesley Matthews  sank a 20-foot fadeaway. Lopez then capped it with a fast-break dunk, which forced Jazz coach  Tyrone Corbin  to call a timeout after Portland's dazzling display that occurred in less than two minutes.  
 
 HOT:  Burks set a career-high for points in a half when he scored 15 before halftime. Burks, whose shot selection can be maddening, shot 8-for-11 against Portland. The Trail Blazers came out after halftime determined to put the Jazz away. They made their first six baskets and shot 61.1 percent in the third quarter. Batum matched a season-high with 11 assists.   
 
 NOT: Mo Williams  changed uniforms in the offseason, going from the Jazz to the Trail Blazers. His game, however, hasn't changed much. He still hasn't seen a shot he doesn't like, as he was 4-for-12 against Utah.  Dorell Wright  also had an off shooting night for the Trail Blazers, going 2-for-9.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "You play good 'D' for like 22, 23 seconds, and they hit the crazy shots. It's tough you know ... that's basketball. We just need to learn how to close the games."  
 
 --Jazz center Enes Kanter on Nicolas   Batum's back-breaking shot 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  The Trail Blazers are excellent at taking what their opponents' defense gives them. The Jazz, without Favors and Williams, couldn't match-up in the paint or near the basket. So rather than jack up a bunch of perimeter shots and 3-pointers, Portland continually fed Lopez and Aldridge. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Jazz fans get frustrated with Corbin's playing rotations, and he gave fuel to their fire against Portland. Burks, despite leading the team in scoring, didn't play in the game's final 8:44. Corbin didn't have his full arsenal of players, and has matchups to concern himself with, but leaving Burks on the bench was a bit of a head-scratcher.  
 
 NOTABLE:  The Jazz announced after the first quarter that they will honor former coach  Jerry Sloan  by retiring a jersey in his honor on Jan 31. Sloan, who attended Monday's game, was given a standing ovation by fans following the announcement. Sloan abruptly resigned as Jazz coach in February of 2011 following a locker room incident with former Utah player  Deron Williams .  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Trail Blazers, Thursday vs. Rockets, Saturday @ Philadelphia, Sunday @ Detroit. For the Jazz, Wednesday @ Sacramento, Friday @ Denver, Saturday vs. Spurs. 
