Notebook: Warriors 113, Pistons 95 
 
 
 Geoff Lepper, for NBA.com  
 
Posted Wed Nov 13, 2013 2:05 AM - Updated Wed Nov 13, 2013 2:05 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  In 144 minutes over three games at Oracle Arena this season, the Warriors have trailed for just 23 seconds. 
 
 THE LEAD: Stephen Curry  had 25 points and eight assists as the Golden State Warriors opened a 19-point lead after one quarter before romping to a 113-95 victory against the Detroit Pistons on Tuesday. 
 
 David Lee  scored 17 points with nine rebounds and  Andre Iguodala  handed out a season-high-tying 11 assists for the Warriors, who shot a season-best 60 percent from the field. 
 
 Andre Drummond  put up his fourth double-double this month with 16 points and 14 boards, but it made little difference for a Detroit team staggering to finish its first back-to-back set this season. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We understand how you put yourself in position in this league. The teams that you're supposed to beat, beat. When you're at home, handle your business."  
 
 -- Warriors coach  Mark Jackson , on the Warriors' three blowout wins at home 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Detroit came into the game leading the NBA in points in the paint at 52.0 per game, and hit that mark on the nose. But Golden State -- which ranked 28th in the league at 34.6 -- had 54 PITP to surprisingly win that battle. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Can the first basket of a game -- in this case, a 21-foot pullup from  Klay Thompson  -- count? The Warriors led from that point onward, and if not for a brief one-point lead for Sacramento midway through the first quarter on Nov. 2, the Warriors would have gone wire-to-wire in all three of their home wins. 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  The Warriors announced prior to the game that backup point guard  Toney Douglas  will miss a minimum of two weeks recovering from a stress reaction in his left tibia, with the injury to be re-evaluated at that point. That means Iguodala will see more time directing traffic when Curry is off the floor and should continue to up his assists-per-game average, which currently stands at 5.8. 
 
 HOT:  The Warriors simply zipped the ball to whomever they wanted in the first quarter, passing up good shots in favor of excellent ones. Golden State shot 14-for-23 from the floor in the period, with assists on all but one bucket. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We did an outstanding job of sharing the basketball. That first quarter, 13 assists. We just made plays. ... When we're unselfish and don't try to make home-run plays, good things happen."  
 
 -- Jackson 
 
 
 NOT:  Drummond, the NBA's best shooter, held up his end of the bargain by going 8-for-10, but the rest of the Pistons were held to 37.7 percent from the floor. 
 
 INEFFECTIVE MOVE:  Detroit coach  Maurice Cheeks , seeing how badly his first unit was outplayed in the opening quarter, tried to make a decisive adjustment at the half, coming back from intermission with  Kyle Singler  and  Kentavious Caldwell-Pope  on the floor in place of veterans  Chauncey Billups  and  Josh Smith . The switches didn't move the needle all that much, however. After cutting Detroit's deficit to 15 points on a pair of Singler free throws followed by a 3-pointer by Caldwell-Pope, Golden State ripped off a 14-3 run to re-establish total control. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Detroit forward Luigi Datome set career highs in points (10), field goals (four) and 3-pointers (two) in his fourth NBA game. 
 
 NOTABLE:  In addition to the 60.0 percent mark from the floor, Golden State knocked down 50.0 percent of its 3-pointers and 80.8 from the free-throw line. It's only the second time since 1992 that the Warriors have gone 60-50-80 in a single game. The other instance: a 138-100 win against Toronto on March 25, 2011. ... Warriors backup center  Jermaine O'Neal , who had been shooting 19.2 percent on the season, had a veritable offensive explosion. The 35-year-old went 7-for-8 with three dunks en route to a season-high 17 points. "Father Time is trying to chase him down, but he's winning the battle," Jackson chuckled. ... Detroit fell behind 11-2 for the second straight game. Monday night, Cheeks held off on calling a timeout and Smith responded with a three-point play. This time, Cheeks did call time -- in an ultimately fruitless effort to stem the tide. ... The Warriors have now won five straight against Detroit for the first time since a five-game stretch in 1992-94. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Pistons, Friday @ Sacramento, Sunday @ L.A. Lakers, Tuesday vs. New York. For the Warriors, Thursday vs. Oklahoma City, Saturday vs. Utah, Monday @ Utah. 
