
 Nets-Pistons notebook   By Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com Posted Friday February 4, 2011 11:09PM THE FACTS:  Rookie  Greg Monroe  had a career-high 20 points and 11 rebounds as the Detroit Pistons snapped a four-game losing streak by defeating the New Jersey Nets Friday at The Palace 92-82. Guard  Anthony Morrow  had a game-high 22 points for the Nets, who never led while losing their 12th consecutive road game. QUOTABLE:  "I kept asking him 'Are you tired' and he said, 'No, I'm fine, coach.' He's such a refreshing player to be around because he just wants to play basketball. It's pretty impressive to see him continually grow."    -- Pistons head coach  John Kuester  on Monroe's big night. THE STAT:  13 games, 0 minutes. Former All-Star guard  Richard Hamilton  was deactivated even though he was healthy enough to play. Hamilton, Detroit's highest-paid player and the sixth-leading scorer in franchise history, has been benched 13 consecutive games. Kuester called Hamilton's deactivation an "internal decision" made by him and president of basketball operations  Joe Dumars . TURNING POINT:  Detroit led by just four at halftime despite shooting 55 percent. That didn't faze the Pistons as they scored the first eight points of the second half. Monroe had a pair of layups during that spurt and the Pistons' lead never shrunk below five again. QUOTABLE II:  "I never thought it would get to this point. He's an All-Star, a guy who did so much to help this organization get to the top and now we're not as good as we were. I think it's just a slap in the face."    -- Pistons center  Ben Wallace  on the decision to deactivate Richard Hamilton. HOT:  Monroe recorded his team-high sixth double-double while playing the entire second half. The No. 7 pick in last June's draft, Monroe completely outplayed Nets rookie forward and No. 3 pick  Derrick Favors , who finished with four points and five rebounds. Monroe was also primarily responsible for holding New Jersey center  Brook Lopez  to four points and three rebounds after halftime. NOT:  Nets reserve guard  Sasha Vujacic  continued to struggle with his shot, going 3-for-12 while scoring seven points. Vujacic has gone 13-for-40 from the field over the last five games while averaging 7.2 points. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Morrow replaced  Stephen Graham  in the lineup and responded with a huge night from the perimeter. He has shot 24-for-36 (67 percent) in the last four games while going 11-for-16 on 3-pointers. ROOKIE WATCH:  Filling in for injured  Jordan Farmar , Nets reserve point guard  Ben Uzoh  had six points and an assist in nine minutes. He is averaging 6.3 points and 2.0 assists over the last three games. NOTABLE:  The Nets are 1-22 in their last 23 road games but still hold a 2-1 season series edge over Detroit. ... Pistons guard  Rodney Stuckey  missed his fourth straight game with a right shoulder contusion. ... Forward  Tayshaun Prince  had a team-high 22 points for the Pistons. ... Detroit backup center  Chris Wilcox  notched his 200th career block. UP NEXT:  For the Nets, Sunday vs. Indiana, Wednesday vs. New Orleans, Friday @ Charlotte. For the Pistons, Saturday @ Milwaukee, Tuesday vs. San Antonio, Wednesday @ Cleveland. 
