Notebook: Wolves 101, Grizzlies 93 
 
 
 Marlon W. Morgan, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Dec 15, 2013 10:05 PM - Updated Sun Dec 15, 2013 10:05 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Minnesota Timberwolves snapped an 11-game losing streak to the Memphis Grizzlies, one that dated back to Feb. 6, 2010. 
 
 THE LEAD:  With the Grizzlies making it tough to get the ball to  Kevin Love  down the stretch, the Timberwolves turned to center  Nikola Pekovic . He responded by scoring his team's final six points to give Minnesota a 101-93 win Sunday evening at FedExForum.  
 Love led the Wolves (12-12) with 30 points to go with nine rebounds, and Pekovic added 19 points and five boards. The Grizzlies (10-13) got 28 points from guard  Mike Conley , who left the game with just under four minutes to go with a left thigh contusion.  Zach Randolph  had 20 points and 12 rebounds.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I can't [remember winning in Memphis]. It's been a long time, if ever, that we've won in Memphis. It's a very tough place to play."  
 
 -- Minnesota forward Kevin Love on the Wolves' last win in Memphis; Jan. 6, 2009 in Love's rookie season 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Grizzlies 11-game winning streak against Minnesota was tied for the longest winning streak against a single opponent in franchise history, matching the one they had against Golden State. Both of those streaks came to an end this month.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Grizzlies, who trailed by as many as 19 points in the first half, cut Minnesota's lead to 81-79 with 9:45 left in the game. Wolves' guard  Alexey Shved  went to the basket and was fouled across the head by  Ed Davis . The Grizzlies role player was called for a Flagrant 1 foul, in addition to the basket being good on a goaltend call. Shved made his free throw, and Minnesota kept possession, which led to two free throws by Pekovic, giving the Wolves five points on the possession.  
 
 HOT:  The Grizzlies trailed 50-31 in the second quarter when Conley single-handedly got his team back in the game. Conley scored nine of his team's final 15 points of the half to pull to within 56-46. Then he scored eight of the first 10 to start the third to pull the Grizzlies within 60-56. Conley scored 15 of his 28 points in the third quarter. 
 
 NOT:  Minnesota coach  Rick Adelman  said guard  Kevin Martin  didn't look right and he didn't like the way he was moving around, so he took him out in the third quarter. Martin played 19 minutes and was scoreless after missing his three shots from the floor. 
 
 QUOTABLE II : "Obviously, we want to hang our hat on the defensive end. These last couple of games we haven't been doing that.."  -- Grizzlies guard  Tony Allen 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  The Grizzlies loss was their ninth this season at FedExForum. That matches their total of home losses last season when they set a franchise record going 32-9 at home. ... Grizzlies forward  Jon Leuer  scored 15 points and grabbed nine rebounds off the bench. Leuer replaced center  Kosta Koufos  to start the second half. Koufos scored just two points and had two rebounds in just under 16 minutes. ... The Grizzlies have now lost three in a row and five of their last six. ... After giving up 56 points to the Wolves in the first half, the Grizzlies have now allowed 50 or more points to their opponents in the first half in three straight games. ... Minnesota made a season-high 12 3-pointers and is now 12-5 on the year when making seven or more 3s. The Wolves are 0-7 when making fewer than seven 3s. ... Love is the first player to score 30 points against the Grizzlies since Houston's Harden did it on April 12, 2013. Tonight was just the second time this season that Love didn't have a double-double. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Timberwolves, Monday @ Boston, Wednesday vs. Portland, Friday @ L.A. Lakers. For the Grizzlies, Tuesday vs. L.A. Lakers, Wednesday @ Dallas, Saturday @ New York.  
