Notebook: Warriors 97, Pelicans 87 
 
 
 Bradley Handwerger, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Jan 19, 2014 1:01 AM - Updated Sun Jan 19, 2014 1:01 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Warriors gave up 30 fewer points Saturday night than they did on Friday and improved their record to 3-5 in the second game of back-to-backs. 
 
 THE LEAD:   Stephen Curry  strengthened his All-Star credentials with 26 points, eight assists and four steals as the Golden State Warriors defeated the New Orleans Pelicans 97-87 Saturday night in New Orleans Arena. 
 One night after allowing Oklahoma City to shoot 58 percent, Golden State (26-16) kept New Orleans to just 39 percent from the floor, including a 2-for-10 showing from behind the 3-point line. 
 
 David Lee  added 22 points and eight rebounds for Golden State, which also had  Andrew Bogut  put up 10 points, 15 rebounds and five blocked shots in sending New Orleans (15-24) to its eighth consecutive loss. 
 New Orleans led for all but a minute of the first half and built an 11-point lead on the back of  Anthony Davis , who finished with 31 points and 17 rebounds. 
 But the Pelicans were outscored in the final three quarters by 16 points, shooting just 36 percent, and couldn't get back in the game after pulling to within 80-78 on a  Tyreke Evan s layup with 10:15 to play in the game. 
 New Orleans was playing short-handed, with three of its top players out indefinitely with injuries. The team announced that  Jason Smith  would be sidelined with a right knee injury, putting him out alongside  Jrue Holiday  (stress fracture, right tibia) and  Ryan Anderson  (herniated disc). 
 
 QUOTABLE:   "We have weapons to space the floor, knock down 3s, big men that can run the lane, get to the basket. ... We were able to do that better and it showed in the second half when we  were controlling the glass, forcing them into tough jump shots and playing the way we like to play on defense."  
 --  Stephen Curry 
 
 
 THE STAT:  23-for-53 -- New Orleans' makes and attempts in the paint Saturday night. Though the Pelicans collected 46 points there, if they'd hit just five more of their shots near the rim, they'd have pushed the game into overtime. Pelicans coach  Monty Williams  called it the stat of the game.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  When New Orleans' Davis finished off a fast-break with an alley-oop in the second quarter, it appeared to be just another play. But the play got Golden State going instead. Starting with a Curry 3-pointer, the Warriors ended the quarter on a 13-4 run. The stretch changed the complexion of the game.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "The reality is that's on me. Nobody is going to look at this team and look at skids like this and look at the players. Those guys are out there fighting their tails off." 
 --  Monty Williams 
 
 
 HOT:  New Orleans' Davis helped keep the Pelicans out front in the opening half by going 7-for-10, scoring 21 points while grabbing seven rebounds. He also went 7-for-7 from the free-throw line. 
 
 NOT:  Golden State earned a win in spite of a poor-shooting night from  Klay Thompson,  who went just 3-for-14 from the floor, finishing with eight points. Thompson entered the game hitting on 45 percent of his shots and is Golden State's second-leading scorer this season. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Golden State's Curry fell two assists short of recording his 12th game this season with at least 20 points and 10 assists. ... New Orleans'  Eric Gordon  was 0-for-6 from 3-point range a game after going 6-for-9 from beyond the arc. ... The Pelicans fell to 9-3 in games in which they hold opponents to fewer than 100 points. ... Golden State improved to 14-11 on the road this season after playing in its 25th game away from the Bay Area. The Warriors have played only 13 home games this season. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Pelicans, Monday @ Memphis, Tuesday vs. Sacramento, Friday @ Detroit. For the Warriors, Monday vs. Indiana, Friday vs. Minnesota, Sunday vs. Portland. 
