Notebook: Warriors 102, Jazz 88 
 
 
 Geoff Lepper, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Nov 17, 2013 1:50 AM - Updated Sun Nov 17, 2013 1:50 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  After recording four double-doubles during the Warriors' playoff run last season, center  Andrew Bogut  had his first of 2013-14. 
 
 THE LEAD: Klay Thompson  scored a game-high 25 points with five 3-pointers, and  Stephen Curry  added 11 assists without a turnover as the Golden State Warriors led wire-to-wire in a 102-88 victory against the Utah Jazz on Saturday night. 
 Six Warriors reached double figures in scoring, including Bogut, who had 12 points and 11 rebounds for his first double-double of the season. Golden State is now 5-0 at home. 
 
 Derrick Favors  led the Jazz with 17 points, but Utah couldn't overcome falling behind by 13 points just more than seven minutes into the game. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I've felt locked in since the preseason, since summertime. I've been excited for this season . . . It feels great, when you feel like every shot's going in. Your confidence is at an all-time high." 
 -- Klay Thompson 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Warriors scored 24 points off of Utah's 19 turnovers. Golden State is now averaging 20.1 points per game off opponent miscues, putting them fifth in the league in that category. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Jazz went without a field goal for more than 6 minutes in the first quarter, allowing the Warriors to peel off 11 consecutive points while opening up a 19-6 lead. 
 
 HOT:  Thompson extended his league lead with another five 3-pointers. His total of 35 tops the NBA, as does his average of 3.5 per game -- a mark which puts him on an early pace for 287 treys on the season. That would beat Curry's single-season league record, set last season at 272.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I guarantee you [Curry] will catch up to me. It's a fact. What do we have, 72 games left? Yeah. He'll catch up." 
 -- Klay Thompson 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  After watching  Alec Burks  go 2-for-8 from the floor in the first half, Utah coach  Tyrone Corbin  pulled the plug on his Burks-as-point-guard experiment, replacing him with  John Lucas III  and handing the bulk of offensive initiation duties to  G ordon Hayward . The move helped free Hayward -- who scored two points and missed all five shots from the floor in the first half -- to net 12 points after intermission. 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Andre Iguodala  filled nearly every category on the stat sheet with 16 points, 6-for-8 shooting, 3-for-5 from deep, six rebounds, four steals and three assists. 
 
 NOT:  Curry was cold from the floor, missing all five 3-pointers and going 7-for-20 overall. It was only the seventh time in Curry's career that he was shut out from distance when taking at least five treys. 
 
 NOTABLE:  The Warriors' depth may have taken a hit; backup center  Jermaine O'Neal  went down in a heap early in the fourth quarter after his left foot appeared to slip out from underneath him and his right knee buckled. O'Neal was eventually helped off the court, very slowly, by teammates  Draymond Green  and  Ognjen Kuzmic . The preliminary diagnosis is a right knee sprain and right groin strain; a team spokesman said further tests are upcoming tomorrow. . . . Belying their status as the NBA's worst 3-point-shooting team, Utah converted a season-high 47.1 percent on treys. . . . Utah reserve forward  Marvin Williams  played despite breaking his nose Friday against San Antonio. He ditched his poorly-fitting face mask and finished with 14 points and six rebounds before fouling out. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Jazz, Monday vs. Golden State, Wednesday at New Orleans, Friday at Dallas. For the Warriors, Monday at Utah, Wednesday vs. Memphis, Friday at L.A. Lakers. 
