  Notebook: Magic 93, Bucks 90 Posted Monday February 20, 2012 11:59PM By Rick Braun, for NBA.com THE FACTS:   Ryan Anderson's  3-pointer with 18.1 seconds left gave Orlando the lead for good as the Magic rallied from five points down in the last three minutes to beat the Milwaukee Bucks, 93-90, Monday night at the Bradley Center. The Magic has beaten the Bucks three times in 10 days, coming back from deficits of 10, 10 and five in the fourth quarter. Dwight Howard  posted 28 points and 16 rebounds for the Magic,  which improved to 21-12.  Jameer Nelson  added 15 points five assists, none bigger than his pass to Anderson after Howard tapped an offensive rebound to Nelson following a  J.J. Redick  miss. Brandon Jennings  led the Bucks with 20 points but committed a costly turnover with 12.2 seconds left and Milwaukee trailing, 91-90.  Ersan Ilyasova  added 15 points and 14 rebounds, his third straight double-double, but the Bucks (13-19) lost for the sixth straight time at home. QUOTABLE:  "That's unbelievable. It's really unbelievable. It's unbelievable for that to happen three times in 10 days -- to be down in the fourth. It's incredible."   -- Magic coach  Stan Van Gundy  on his team's third fourth-quarter rally past Milwaukee in less than two weeks. THE STAT:  After going 4-for-8 on threes in the first quarter, the Magic went 2 for its next 12 before  J.J. Redick  and Anderson both made 3-pointers in the final 1:23. Anderson leads the league in 3-pointers made with 95. TURNING POINT:  Jennings gave the Bucks a 90-88 lead on a floater in the lane with 31.2 seconds left, but the Magic turned it around from there. Redick drove the lane from the left, but his driving layup rimmed out toward the right baseline. Howard and Ilyasova battled for the rebound, with Howard winning the fight by tapping it to Nelson along the right sideline. Nelson fed Anderson, who was standing all alone past the top of the key and drained the go-ahead 3-pointer with 18.1 seconds left. QUOTABLE II:  "It was a wide-open look. Jameer made a great pass, J.J. made a great play to the rim. His shot didn't fall, but Dwight's done a great job of making tips and making big plays. Credit that to the guys down low getting that tip-out."   -- Anderson on his go-ahead 3-pointer. HOT:  Although he entered the game at 49.3 percent from the free throw line this season, Howard made 10-of-14 Monday night. He also made 10-of-14 Friday night in a 94-85 victory over Milwaukee. NOT:  Bucks forward  Carlos Delfino  made just 3-of-12 shots but did manage to tie his career highs with eight assists and five steals. GOOD MOVE:  Bucks coach  Scott Skiles  went to second-year man  Larry Sanders  on Howard midway through the first quarter, and Sanders responded with 13 points, 12 rebounds and three blocked shots while helping force Howard into seven turnovers. BAD MOVE:  With the Bucks clinging to an 86-84 lead, Delfino lost track of Redick along the left wing when the ball went into Howard on the left block. Redick ran to the top of the key and gave the Magic an 87-86 lead when Howard fed him for the open 3-pointer. QUOTABLE III:  "That's too bad. We just can't finish close games right now. It's irrelevant whether it's home or road, we're just not getting it done. We've played some good opponents and been right there, but we just can't close it out."  -- Bucks swingman  Mike Dunleavy  on losing six straight at home ROOKIE WATCH:  Bucks second-round pick  Jon Leuer  opened the game guarding Howard but left with two fouls. Still, Leuer did score the Bucks' first six points and finished with 10. NOTABLE:  Magic guard  Jason Richardson , who torched Milwaukee for 28 second-half points and 31 overall in a victory at the Bradley Center 10 days earlier, missed his second straight game with chest pains caused by a virus. ... Ilyasova drew three fouls on Orlando players in the first 48 seconds of the third quarter. ... Magic guard  Quentin Richardson  left in the first quarter with a thigh bruise and did not return. ... After scoring 13 points off the bench in the first half, Dunleavy opened the third quarter for the Bucks in place of  Shaun Livingston . Dunleavy finished with 18 points. UP NEXT:  For the Magic, Wednesday @ New Jersey, Thursday @ Atlanta, Feb. 29 @ Washington. For the Bucks, Wednesday @ Chicago, Feb. 28 vs. Washington, Feb. 29 @ Boston.  