Notebook: Timberwolves 119, Bobcats 92 
 
 
 Jim Beilby, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Jan 10, 2014 11:49 PM - Updated Fri Jan 10, 2014 11:49 PM 
 
 THE FACT: Nikola Pekovic  scored 13 straight points in a big third quarter that helped Minnesota put the game away. 
 
 THE LEAD:  The Minnesota Timberwolves (18-18) opened up a big lead in the second quarter, led by as many as 31 in the third, and finished with a 119-92 victory over the Charlotte Bobcats (15-22) on Friday night at the Target Center . 
 Minnesota has a 0-10 record in games decided by less than five points, but the Wolves also have a league-leading 10 wins by 20 points or more.  Pekovic scored 26 points for Minnesota in only 27 minutes and  Kevin Love 's 19 points and 14 rebounds were better than the combined points and rebounds of the Bobcats' starting front court. 
 Every player on Minnesota's roster scored and the Wolves' much-maligned bench provided a big second-quarter lift and finished with 43 points -- a substantial improvement over their 23.7 ppg average (28th in the league).  A big part of the surge came from  Ronny Turiaf  and  Chase Budinger,  who both returned from injuries this week. 
 
 Anthony Tol l iver  led the Bobcats with 21 points off the bench and  Kemba Walker  scored 15 points (on 7-for-17 shooting) with seven assists. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "He [Nikola Pekovic] played really well.  He got great position and we really had good ball movement tonight.  The ball really didn't stop.  Pek was doing a great job at making Jefferson work." 
 -- Timberwolves coach  Rick Adelman 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Minnesota's frontcourt controlled the paint and built significant advantages in second-chance points (20-2), rebounds (59-37), offensive rebounds (12-4) and points in the paint (54-40). 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Minnesota expanded a one-point first-quarter lead to 22 with a 29-8 run in the second quarter, much of which was a result of the bench.  Charlotte never got closer than 17 points after that. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "They set the tone for the game with their drives and offensive rebounds, but they scored right away in the paint, which is their game.  It's their biggest strength.  Against them our perimeter defense has to be particularly good, so we're not on rotations, not in help, which opens up Pek to be on the glass.  We didn't do a good job with our perimeter defense early and they made us pay." 
 -- Bobcats coach  Steve Clifford 
 
 
 HOT:  Former Timberwolf  Anthony Tolliver  came off the bench for the Bobcats and scorched his former team for a team-high 21 points.  He was 7-for-8 from the floor and 5-for-5 from beyond the arc. 
 
 NOT:  The rest of Charlotte's bench was 5-for-20 from the floor. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "Our bench was great.  I think it is something we can do and if we can be consistent, this team is going to be great.  We got a little rhythm there and Ronny [Turiaf] helps and Chase [Budinger] spreading the floor helps." 
 -- Timberwolves guard  J. J. Barea 
 
 
 NOTABLE:   Minnesota has lost its last eight games when trying to move above the .500 mark. ... Charlotte has lost seven of its last eight games, the Bobcats' sole recent victory at Sacramento on Jan. 4. ... Charlotte has also dropped seven of its last eight contests against Western Conference opponents. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Timberwolves, Sunday at San Antonio, Wednesday vs. Sacramento, Friday at Toronto.  For the Bobcats, Saturday at Chicago, Tuesday vs. New York, Wednesday at Philadelphia. 
