  Notebook: Raptors 99, Wizards 92 Posted Sunday April 1, 2012 10:00PM By Duane Watson, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The Toronto Raptors (18-35) defeated the Washington Wizards (12-40) 99-92 at the Air Canada Centre on Sunday. The Raptors led the entire game wire-to-wire and held a 15-point lead in the fourth quarter before the Wizards brought it to within three points with under two minutes left. While the Raptors sloppy defense let the Wizards back ito the game, their offense shut the door.  Amir Johnson 's put-back dunk with 1:03 on the clock started a 6-3 run that put the game out of reach. Andrea Bargnani  led a balanced Raptors attack with 18 points and eight rebounds, while  Jose Calderon  added 15 points and eight assists. The Wizards were led by  Jordan Crawford 's 18 points and  John Wall  added 13 points with 11 assists.  Kevin Seraphin  had a career-high 16 points and seven rebounds starting in place of the injured  Nene . The Wizards haven't won at the Air Canada Centre in five meetings and the season series finishes tied 2-2 with both teams winning on their home courts. The game was the fourth of the Raptors five-game homestand (2-2), which they close it out against the Charlotte Bobcats on Tuesday. QUOTABLE:  "I'm mad at him about that, cause they're going to show that on TV and me getting dunked on by my own teammate."   --  DeMar DeRozan  on Amir Johnson's game-sealing put-back dunk THE STAT:  Every player who checked into the game for the Raptors scored, outperforming the Wizards' bench 40-20. Aside from  Roger Mason 's 12 points, Wizards coach  Randy Wittman  didn't have any other options in terms of offense. The Raptors were able to go to their bench deep and often with Amir Johnson leading the way with 10 points and six rebounds. "Nobody else did anything wrong, but we just wanted to distribute the minutes," Raptors head coach  Dwane Casey  said. "Forbes came in and gave us some good minutes and  Alan Anderson  gave us some excellent minutes defensively and offensively." TURNING POINT:  The Raptors never trailed in this game and had as large as a 15-point lead in the fourth quarter, but a Wizards 15-7 run brought the game to three point at 89-86 with under 2:00 minutes left. But Johnson's put-back dunk off a missed DeRozan lay-up at the 1:03 mark stopped the tide, and Bargnani's subsequent pair of free throws put the game away for good. QUOTABLE II:  "Another below-average defensive game for us. We got it back the second half, but we can't mess with the game like that. We have to stay with our focus and have that type of pride every time we walk on the floor no matter who it is."   -- Casey HOT:  Mason, a former Raptor, came off the bench and scored 12 points going 2-for-4 from the three-point line, including seven points in the final quarter where the Wizards had the game within reach. NOTABLE:  This was the third time this season the Raptors won wire-to-wire. ... The Wizards have dropped six of their last seven games, including three in a row on the road. ... Both Nene and  Trevor Booker  for the Wizards were out of the lineup with plantar fasciitis in the same foot (left). ...  Jerryd Bayless  didn't play for the Raptors with a partially torn left oblique muscle. ... With the win, Toronto improves to 10-17 at home. UP NEXT:  Toronto closes out its 5-game homestand on Tuesday vs. Charlotte, on Wednesday they are @ Philadelphia and are back on Friday vs. Cleveland. Washington is back at home on Monday vs. Milwaukee and plays at home again on Wednesday vs. Indiana, then is @ Detroit on Thursday.  