  Heat-Knicks notebook   By Adam Zagoria, for NBA.com Posted Friday December 17, 2010 10:35PM THE FACTS:   LeBron James ,  Dwyane Wade  and  Chris Bosh  combined for 84 points and the Miami Heat won their 11th straight with a 113-91 victory the Knicks at Madison Square Garden. In James' first New York appearance since spurning the Knicks for South Beach, he silenced the capacity crowd with a triple-double of 32 points, 11 rebounds and 10 assists. QUOTABLE:  "This is a great building. Myself and D-Wade talk about it all the time. There are certain buildings in this league that you just thrive on and you're excited about. And this being the Mecca of basketball, as a kid you always envision not only playing in the NBA, but also having a chance to play in Madison Square Garden."    -- LeBron James THE STAT:  After dropping 38 points on the Cavaliers in his return to Cleveland, James continued to show his former suitors what they are missing. He was 14-for-23 from the field and the Heat were +31 with him on the floor. TURNING POINT:  The Heat outscored the Knicks 33-17 in the third period, turning a 57-all halftime tie into a 90-74 bulge. LeBron had 14 in the period to silence the Garden crowd.  Amar'e Stoudemire  managed just six points in the period and finished with 24, snapping his string of 30-point games at a franchise-best nine. QUOTABLE II:  "The fans here are great. We all know the fans here are very passionate and they want their team to win. And if you're not on their team, then you suck. And we all know that."    -- LeBron James HOT:  After struggling to jell early, Miami has rattled off 11 straight wins -- three shy of the franchise record -- as James, Wade and Bosh have found a comfort level. Still, James says the team is only at about 80-85 percent of what it could be. NOT:  The Knicks' bench continues to struggle, managing only 12 points, eight from  Toney Douglas . INSIDE THE ARENA:   Earl "The Pearl" Monroe ,  Spike Lee ,  Tracy Morgan , rappers  Drake  and  Fabolous  and chef  Padma Lakshmi  were in the building. Lee is still sporting his  Landry Fields  jersey. UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Saturday @ Cleveland, Wednesday vs. Oklahoma City, Dec. 25 vs. Chicago. For the Heat, Saturday @ Washington, Monday vs. Dallas, Thursday @ Phoenix.  