  Notebook: Nuggets 113, Timberwolves 107 Posted Thursday April 12, 2012 1:30AM By Michael Kelly, for NBA.com THE FACTS: Danilo Gallinari  scored seven of his 18 points in the final 4:17, including a go-ahead 3-pointer, and the Denver Nuggets recovered from blowing a 24-point lead for a 113-107 win over the Minnesota Timberwolves on Wednesday night. Ty Lawson  had 24 points to lead the Nuggets, who won their fourth in a row at home to keep pace in a tight race with four others teams for the final three playoff spots in the Western Conference. The Nuggets, who also got 21 points from  Arron Afflalo  and 18 from  Kenneth Faried , have eight games remaining. Anthony Randolph  had 28 points and  Derrick Williams  27 to help the Timberwolves get back in the game despite the loss of forward  Kevin Love  to a concussion. QUOTABLE:  "I think it was the worst win of the year. I'm highly disappointed in our habits, our mental toughness. I'm happy that we won but I'm not very happy with the way we won."    -- Nuggets coach  George Karl THE STAT:  Lawson also came through down the stretch for the Nuggets, making all four of his free throw attempts in the final 17.6 seconds to help Denver fend off the Timberwolves.  Jose Barea  fueled the Timberwolves' comeback by dishing out a career-high 15 assists, one more than his previous high. TURNING POINT:  Down by as many as 24 points and without Love, the Timberwolves rallied from 24 points down to tie the game at 97-all on a 3-pointer by  Anthony Tolliver  with 4:58 remaining. From there, Gallinari came to the Nuggets' rescue. In his second game back after three weeks on the sideline because of a broken left thumb, Gallinari hit a 3-pointer to put the Nuggets in front 100-97 and he finished the team's next possession with a driving layup, helping Denver stay in front the rest of the way. QUOTABLE II:  "I think we all came together and said, 'We might not win this game but we have to play with pride and heart and determination out there. If we're going to lose, we have to go out fighting.' So that's what happened tonight."    -- Williams HOT:  Randolph had a game-high 28 points, the third time in his career that he has scored at least 25 points. ... Faried had 16 points and 12 rebounds for his second double-double in as many games and his eighth on the season. NOT:  Love, who entered the game with the league's fourth-highest scoring average (26.5 points), was injured with 3:59 remaining in the first period when he caught an elbow to the side of his head from  JaVale McGee  as Denver's center went up for a shot. Love lay on the floor for several minutes before being helped to his feet by training staff and led into the locker room. He was later taken to a nearby hospital, where he was scheduled to remain overnight for observation. QUOTABLE III:  "It wasn't intentional. He just turned around and his head was in the way. It was pretty bad, but hopefully he'll be all right."    -- Barea, on the injury to Love. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Gallinari has had consecutive games of 15-plus points since returning from a fractured left thumb. NOTABLE:  The Nuggets' four consecutive wins at the Pepsi Center matches a season high. ... The Timberwolves have lost 10 of their last 11 games in Denver. ... Minnesota has lost a season-high seven in a row, the team's longest losing streak since dropping 15 straight at the end of the 2010-11 season. UP NEXT:  For the Timberwolves, Thursday vs. L.A. Clippers, Saturday vs. Oklahoma City, Monday @ Indiana. For the Nuggets, Friday @ L.A. Lakers, Sunday vs. Houston, Monday @ Houston.  