  Grizzlies-Pistons notebook   By Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com Posted Thursday January 13, 2011 12:34AM THE FACTS: Zach Randolph  scored 34 points and  Rudy Gay  had 26 as the Memphis Grizzlies snapped a two-game losing streak with a 107-99 victory over the Detroit Pistons on Wednesday. Randolph also grabbed a game-high 17 rebounds for the Grizzlies, who shot 52.1 percent, while  Ben Gordon  scored all of his 25 points in the second half to lead the Pistons. QUOTABLE:  "The road is tough and it's hard winning anywhere in the NBA. To come in and get one, it's always nice and we just move forward."    -- Memphis coach  Lionel Hollins  after his team notched just its second road victory over an Eastern Conference team this season. THE STAT:  610. Pistons guard  Richard Hamilton , who has led the Pistons in scoring the past eight seasons, was benched by head coach  John Kuester . It was his first DNP-CD for reasons other than getting a late-season rest for Hamilton, who has appeared in 610 regular-season games and 120 playoff games with Detroit. Hamilton has been the subject of trade rumors but Kuester said he was merely shortening his rotation and decided to move  Rodney Stuckey  from the point to shooting guard. TURNING POINT:  Randolph and Gay scored nine third-quarter points as Memphis turned a 46-43 halftime deficit into a 73-61 lead. The Pistons have been the league's worst third-quarter team this season and their futility continued Wednesday as they were outscored 30-18. They entered the game with a -3.8 point differential in third quarters this season. They have averaged 17.3 points over the past four games in third quarters, failing to reach the 20-point mark each time.  QUOTABLE II:  "I was definitely surprised. Do I think it was a level of disrespect or unfair or anything like that? I'll leave that for y'all. I just did what I usually do, come out ready to play."    -- Pistons guard Richard Hamilton on getting benched. HOT:  Randolph finished just one point shy of his season high as he overpowered defenders  Chris Wilcox , Monroe and  Charlie Villanueva . Randolph shot 6-for-7 from the field and 12-for-15 from the foul line while scoring 24 second-half points. NOT:  Pistons forward  Tayshaun Prince  was shooting a career-high 50.6 percent heading into Detroit's game at Chicago on Monday. He has gone 9-for-30 over the past two games, including a 3-for-13, eight-point clunker Wednesday. Prince also failed to grab a defensive rebound in 38 minutes. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Gordon's 25 points off the bench were eight more than he scored in the last three games -- all starts -- against Chicago, Philadelphia and the Los Angeles Lakers. He equaled his season high with four 3-pointers. GOOD MOVE:  With his club leading by six and 1:04 remaining, Hollins drew up a play for Randolph and it worked to perfection. Randolph cut to the basket and scored an uncontested layup off a feed from  Marc Gasol . BAD MOVE:  Kuester gave Wilcox his first start this season but he was no match for Randolph. Wilcox had eight points and two rebounds in 26 minutes while Villanueva, who was removed from the lineup, contributed just eight points in 26 minutes.  ROOKIE WATCH:  Pistons center Greg Monroe recorded his fourth consecutive double-double with 14 points and 11 rebounds. Monroe, who did not have a double-double in his first 32 games, now shares the team lead in that department with Villanueva. He's the first Pistons rookie to have four straight double-doubles since  Terry Tyler  did it during the 1978-79 season. NOTABLE:  Randolph has 25 double-doubles. ... The Pistons used their ninth different lineup. ... Pistons center  Ben Wallace  missed the game with a left ankle sprain while Grizzlies guard  Tony Allen  was scratched with a sore left knee. UP NEXT:  For the Grizzlies, Saturday vs. Dallas, Monday vs. Chicago, Wednesday @ New Orleans. For the Pistons, Friday @ Toronto, Saturday vs. Sacramento, Monday vs. Dallas.  