  Notebook: Nuggets 117, Jazz 100   By Michael Kelly, for NBA.com Posted Thursday December 29, 2011 12:24AM THE FACTS:   Nene  scored a game-high 25 points and grabbed seven rebounds and the Denver Nuggets beat the Utah Jazz 117-100 on Wednesday night.  Al Harrington  had 18 points and seven rebounds off the bench and  Ty Lawson  added 15 points for the Nuggets, who have won both their games this year in a rout. QUOTABLE:  "Can't complain about much tonight. It's good to be 2-0."    -- Nuggets coach  George Karl . THE STAT:  Denver guard  Andre Miller  finished with 12 assists and one turnover. TURNING POINT:  The Nuggets led 42-40 midway through the second quarter but finished the half on a 21-6 run to pull away. Nene had 11 of his 19 first-half points in the run and Lawson had a key three-point play and steal. HOT:  Lawson continues to be a blur in the early part of the season. He followed up his 27-point performance against Dallas with another strong offensive showing against the Jazz. NOT:  Utah rookie  Enes Kanter  is struggling to find his rhythm early in the season. He was 1-for-7 in the opener against the Lakers and finished 1-for-5 Wednesday night. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Harrington is averaging 16 points and six rebounds in the first two games. GOOD MOVE:  Karl didn't use  Timofey Mozgov  much when he arrive in February but has used him as the starting center this season. That allows Nene to play power forward, a more comfortable position for him, and keeps  Chris Andersen  coming off the bench with energy and defense. BAD MOVE:  The Jazz had 22 turnovers that translated into 28 points for Denver. QUOTABLE II:  "Sign of a careless team. Some of the turnovers we made were just careless turnovers. Losing the ball, just getting the ball and throwing it across the court. Just careless turnovers that we made."   -- Utah coach  Tyrone Corbin . ROOKIE WATCH:  Nuggets rookie  Kenneth Faried  made his NBA debut early in the fourth quarter. He was a DNP-CD in Denver's opener. QUOTABLE III:  "I was just trying to read the game. I didn't change my game. I tried to take the shot when I had the opportunity."    -- Nene, on going 10-for-13 from the field. NOTABLE:  Since the start of the 2009-10 season Denver is 30-4 at home against teams playing the second game of a back-to-back. UP NEXT:  For the Jazz, Friday vs. Philadelphia, Saturday @ San Antonio, Monday vs. New Orleans. For the Nuggets, Thursday @ Portland, Saturday @ L.A. Lakers, Sunday vs. L.A. Lakers.  