  Nets-Bulls notebook   By Jake Appleman, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday January 5, 2011 10:48PM THE FACTS: Sasha Vujacic  corralled a loose ball off of a deflection and converted a game-winning floater in the paint to hand the Nets a 96-94 win over the Bulls.  Kris Humphries , who was moved to the bench in favor of  Derrick Favors , paced the Nets with 20 points and 11 rebounds.  Derrick Rose  (21 points, one assist, one rebound, -14) mixed individual brilliance with an incomplete performance for the Bulls. QUOTABLE:  "They were playing zone, so we had to keep shooting on the floor. That was the main reason to put [Luol Deng] at the four, to get more range shooting out there."   --  Bulls coach  Tom Thibodeau  on why  Carlos Boozer  didn't play the final 14:21 THE STAT:  The Nets outscored the Bulls 32-18 in the third quarter. TURNING POINT:  Down 94-92 with 34.8 seconds on the clock,  Luol Deng  missed two free throws that could have tied the game. The Bulls would eventually tie the score, but the missed freebies put the Nets in the proverbial driver's seat. QUOTABLE II:  "We watched quite a bit of film."    -- Nets coach  Avery Johnson , speaking about what he did to help his team come out of the gates strong in the second half. Johnson also said he spoke longer than usual at halftime. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Like a modern microwave, Humphries provided an almost instantaneous spark for the Nets. Aside from the impressive stat line, he played like a man possessed, zooming around the court to consistently make things happen. "Best game in a winning situation," Johnson said of Humphries. INSIDE THE ARENA:  A fan behind the Bulls' bench held up a sign that read "Keep the Nets in New Jersey"...  Drew Coleman  of the Jets sat courtside. The Jets will travel to Indianapolis to take on the Colts on Saturday night in a first round Wild Card matchup. ROOKIE WATCH:  Aside from a nice sequence to start the second half, Favors (seven points and five rebounds in nine minutes of action) was saddled with foul trouble in his first start. The performance provided a simple reminder that the Favors is still learning how to play NBA basketball. NOTABLE:  The Nets opened the game with a 12-5 run...In the middle of the first quarter, Rose converted on back-back to sensational layups, jackknifing through traffic into the lane. On dribble penetration, the Memphis product was an absolute marvel to watch...A follow-up dunk from Humphries that put the Nets up 27-26 elicited cheers from the crowd. 52 seconds later Harris found Humphries on an alley-oop...Humphries and Vujacic combined on a five-point possession in the second quarter to put the Nets up 34-29...A small pocket of fans chanted for former Net  Brian Scalabrine  midway through the second quarter... Harris scored the Nets' first and last field goals of the first half, but didn't make a shot in between...After beating the Raptors by 20 last night, the Bulls reportedly had plane issues and arrived at 3:30 am...Vujacic frequently brought the ball up the court to initiate the offense in the fourth quarter...The Nets are now 4-4 when five-plus players score in double figures. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Friday @ Philadelphia, Saturday vs. Boston, Monday vs. Detroit. For the Nets, Friday @ Washington, Saturday vs. Milwaukee, Wednesday @ Phoenix.  