Notebook: Heat 105, Nets 85 
 
 
 Jake Appleman, For NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Jan 30, 2013 11:57 PM - Updated Wed Jan 30, 2013 11:57 PM 
 
 THE FACTS :  A game-changing third quarter turned a tight game into the Heat's 105-85 rout over the Brooklyn Nets on Wednesday night at Barclays Center.  LeBron James  (24 points, nine rebounds and seven assists) and  Dwyane Wade  (21 points) led the Heat.  Brook Lopez  paced the Nets with 21 points and seven rebounds on the day he was named as  Rajon Rondo 's replacement on the Eastern Conference All-Star team. 
 
 QUOTABLE :  "Our focus is try to continue to play better on the road. And I think in the first half it was back to what loses those games, and that's turning the ball over. We can't do that. And in the second half we didn't do that."  
 -- Dwyane Wade 
 
 THE STAT : In outscoring the Nets 36-14 in the third quarter, the Heat scored 12 points off of eight turnovers.  
 
 TURNING POINT :  In the middle of an 18-2 third quarter run,  Udonis Haslem  drew a charge on  Deron Williams . The basket was waived off, and when Wade scored on the ensuing possession, the big point swing was complete.  
 
 QUOTABLE II : "It's the third time we've played them and we've turned it over 19 times in all three games."  
 -- Nets coach  P.J. Carlesimo  
 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA : Miss America, Mallory Hagan, who has lived in Brooklyn, sang the national anthem and received a rousing ovation from the crowd. The visitors were well represented by many fans clad in red and a "Let's go Heat" chant broke out late in the third quarter.   
 
 ROOKIE WATCH: Mirza Teletovic  didn't see action until the outcome was mostly decided, but still registered seven points and six rebounds.  
 
 NOTABLE : The Heat's big 3 scored the team's first 11 points. ... Five Heat players sank one 3-pointer in the first quarter without missing. ... The Heat have won 13 straight games against the Nets and James has won 17 straight games against the Nets. ... Carlesimo lost for the first time at Barclays Center since taking over for  Avery Johnson  in late December. His eight-game home winning streak spanned a month.    
 
 UP NEXT : For the Heat, Friday @ Indiana, Sunday @ Toronto, Monday vs. Charlotte. For the Nets, Friday vs. Chicago, Tuesday vs. L.A. Lakers, Wednesday @ Detroit.  
