Notebook: Rockets 116, Warriors 112 
 
 
 
 
Posted Sat Dec 14, 2013 2:38 AM - Updated Sat Dec 14, 2013 2:38 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Rockets have won 18 of their last 22 matchups with the Warriors, a stretch of dominance that dates back to Jan. 29, 2008. 
 
 THE LEAD:   James Harden  scored a game-high 26 points with nine assists and the Houston Rockets pulled away late for a 116-112 victory against the Golden State Warriors on Friday. 
 
 Patrick Beverley  tallied nine of his 16 points in the fourth quarter, including a pair of buckets to cap a 9-2 stretch in the final minutes that put the Rockets (16-8) ahead for good.  Chandler Parsons  added 23 points, including two of 12 3-pointers for Houston, which rebounded from a disappointing loss at Portland on Thursday. 
 
 David Lee  led Golden State (13-11) with 23 points and added 10 rebounds as all three of the Warriors' frontcourt starters notched double-doubles. But the backcourt of  Stephen Curry  and  Klay Thompson  were held to a combined 2-for-12 on 3-pointers. Golden State, which came in shooting a league-best 41.8 percent behind the arc, went 6-for-22 (27.3 percent) on the evening. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "If we're going to chase our goals and the dreams that we have for this season, we have to win games like tonight. Back-to-back, getting in at whatever time it was this morning -- that's not an excuse. We've got to go play."  
 -- Houston acting coach  Kelvin Sampson 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Fueled in part by 18 Warriors turnovers, the Rockets scored a season-high 27 fast-break points, with 10 of those coming in the fourth quarter. Golden State only had eight fast-break points for the entire game. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Rockets were trying to held on to a tenuous 100-98 lead when forward  Terrence Jones  found himself guarded by Warriors center  Andrew Bogut  on the perimeter. Jones drove from the right wing to his left, and though he missed his sweeping lefty layup attempt, the rebound came hard off the glass -- perfectly placed for  Dwight Howard  to tap home just before the shot clock expired. With a foul on the play against Lee, Howard knocked down the free throw for a 103-98 lead with 2:15 remaining. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Sampson talked to his club before the game about the need to have more ball movement down the stretch, rather than just parking the ball in Harden's hands and asking him to create something out of nothing -- "I don't want James to have the ball at the 4:20 mark and feel like he has to be Superman. That's not fair to him or us." Beverley took those words to heart down the stretch; first, he drained a jump-back 21-footer in Curry's face to build Houston's lead to 105-100, then he tossed in a 15-foot floater to put the Rockets up seven at the 53.9-second mark. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "They kind of overplayed James, so I didn't want to force a pass with 3 seconds to go [on the shot clock] and make him make a hero shot. I tried to make a play, and today they went in."  
 -- Patrick Beverley 
 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "Pat always talks about his float game. Well, his float game last night sunk. Tonight, his float game was pretty good."  
 -- Kelvin Sampson 
 
 
 HOT:  Howard, a 57.6 career free-throw shooter who once was sent to the line an NBA-record 39 times by the Warriors, shocked the crowd by knocking down all seven of his foul shots. Even more stunning was Howard's right-corner 3-pointer midway through the second quarter -- only the third trey of his career against 39 misses. 
 
 QUOTABLE IV:  "I'm not sure he's ever done that in practice."  
 -- Kelvin Sampson on Howard's 7-for-7 night at the line 
 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT: Marreese Speights  had played so poorly in the Warriors' initial 23 games that even relentlessly positive coach  Mark Jackson  was moved to admit that he was struggling. But Speights -- pressed into action due to  Jermaine O'Neal 's wrist surgery -- broke out in a big way Friday, setting season-highs in points (16) and rebounds (nine) in just 16 minutes off the bench. 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:   Bernard King , who played for Golden State for two seasons early on in his Hall of Fame career, was honored by the team in an on-court ceremony between the first and second periods. King averaged 21.9 and 23.2 points with the Warriors before moving on to New York, Washington and New Jersey. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Howard finished with 18 points and 11 rebounds, his 15th double-double of the season. . . . In addition to Lee,  Harrison Barnes  had 20 points and a season-high 12 boards, and Bogut recorded 10 and 11, respectively. . . . Warriors forward  Draymond Green  let his emotions get away from him a little bit. He was hit with a flagrant foul in the second quarter as he hacked at Harden after the referees appeared to miss a goaltend by Howard on Green's shot. Green also picked up a technical in the fourth quarter. . . . Lee's streak of games with double-digit scoring now stands at 100, the third-longest active streak in the NBA, behind  LeBron James  and  Kevin Durant . . . . Golden State outrebounded Houston 56-32, making this the first time since Dec. 6, 1995 that the Warriors have won that battle by 24 or more boards and still lost. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Rockets, Sunday @ Sacramento, Wednesday vs. Chicago, Friday @ Indiana. For the Warriors, Sunday @ Phoenix, Tuesday vs. New Orleans, Thursday vs. San Antonio. 
