  Celtics-Bobcats Notebook   By Brian Joura, for NBA.com Posted Monday February 7, 2011 11:15PM THE FACTS:  The Bobcats lost their leading scorer when  Stephen Jackson  was ejected at the end of the first half. But  Gerald Wallace  and four reserves led the Bobcats to a 94-89 win over the Celtics. Wallace led the way with 18 points and 16 rebounds but just as big of a story was the production of the Charlotte bench, which outscored Boston's, 44-25.  Shaun Livingston  tied Wallace with 18 points, while  Gerald Henderson  chipped in with 15 points and strong defense on Boston star  Ray Allen . Allen led the Celtics with 25 points but he had just two in the fourth quarter. Allen came into the game trailing  Reggie Miller  by three buckets for the all-time leader in three-pointers. He hit a three on the first shot of the game for Boston, but attempted just one more three-pointer the remainder of the game and is now one behind Miller for the record. QUOTABLE:  "We were switching everything tonight and I thought that worked really well. Even like 2-4, if the 4-man was setting the pick we were switching out on him. We just weren't switching out with the 5-man. Gerald was really there. I like the fact that we were talking tonight, more so than we have in the past. And that's the mark that these guys are really concentrating. I think it's only going to get better."  - Bobcats coach  Paul Silas  on his team's defensive strategy of switching on every screen to avoid giving open looks to the Celtics' shooters. THE STAT:  The Bobcats controlled the boards and had a 50-37 rebounding edge, including 11-5 on the offensive glass. That led to a 21-6 advantage in second-chance points. TURNING POINT:  After  Paul Pierce  converted two free throws to cut the lead to one point, Henderson hit a jumper and  Eduardo Najera  drilled a three-pointer from the top of the key to give Charlotte a six-point lead with 1:57 to play. QUOTABLE II:  "We are a terrific talking team yet every four games we come to the locker room and say, 'We were quiet.' Our goal every year is to be the loudest team in the NBA. A lot of times we are but when we're not, it definitely shows. You can not be a good defensive team if you don't talk."  - Celtics coach  Doc Rivers  on how his team still struggles at times on defense. INSIDE THE ARENA:  University of South Carolina football coach  Steve Spurrier  was at the game and he talked with Rivers prior to the contest. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Pierce had 22 points, including 9-of-10 from the free-throw line. He also had six rebounds. Kwame Brown  had 12 rebounds for the Bobcats. NOTABLE:  It was just the sixth win for Charlotte in 24 games against Boston and snapped a six-game losing streak against the Celtics. UP NEXT : For the Celtics, Thursday vs. Lakers, Sunday vs. Heat, Wednesday vs. Nets. For the Bobcats, Wednesday @ Indiana, Friday vs. Nets, Saturday @ Atlanta.  