  Raptors-Bobcats notebook   By Derek S. Smith, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday December 15, 2010 12:02AM THE FACTS: Nazr Mohammed  led all scorers with 18 points and added a team-best eight rebounds as the Charlotte Bobcats downed the Toronto Raptors 97-91 Tuesday night at Time Warner Cable Arena.  Jerryd Bayless  scored 17 points and dished nine assists for the Raptors in the loss. QUOTABLE:  "This was more of a pride and confidence win. We needed this. Toronto was a team we felt we should beat. We knew we needed to beat them and after what we showed against Boston this was something our fans needed to see."   -- Charlotte forward  Gerald Wallace THE STAT:  52 percent. Charlotte was 39-for-75 from the floor and are now 4-1 this season when shooting better than 50 percent. It was the Bobcats' post players which led the way as the trio of Mohammed,  Kwame Brown  and  Tyrus Thomas  combined to connect on 19 of their 31 field-goal attempts. The Bobcats dominated the paint with 58 of their points coming down low. TURNING POINT: Stephen Jackson  fouling out. The Bobcats' leading scorer picked up two fouls in the span of six seconds late in the fourth quarter which resulted in his disqualification. Thomas scored on the next Charlotte possession to break an 83-83 tie and then Jackson's replacement,  Matt Carroll , connected on a 20-foot jumper to push the lead to 87-83. QUOTABLE II:  "My job is to stay ready. I don't know when I'm going to get in the game, but when I do I want to bring us a lot of energy and make an impact. We needed a lift when I got in there and luckily it happened."   -- Carroll on his late basket and fourth quarter contributions HOT:  Mohammed. The Bobcats center scored 18 points on 8-for-11 shooting and grabbed eight rebounds. Mohammed had led the team in scoring in each of the last two games and has scored in double figures in the last three outings. He is averaging 15.0 points and 5.3 rebounds in that span. NOT:  Wallace at the charity stripe. The Bobcats All-Star forward is getting to the free throw line of late, but is having a hard time once there. Wallace has connected on just 23 of 44 over the last six games (52.3 percent). Over his career he has connected on more than 71percent of his free throw attempts. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Wallace again had a strong showing in most fantasy categories. The Charlotte forward posted a stat line of 16 points, four rebounds, three assists, two steals and four blocked shots. However, the Bobcats have concerns about his status for the game Wednesday night in Memphis after he hurt his left ankle in the first quarter after being fouled by Toronto's  Linas Kleiza . INSIDE THE ARENA:  Bobcats majority owner  Michael Jordan  was inducted into the North Carolina Sports Hall of Fame at halftime. In attendance to support Jordan were fellow Hall of Fame members  Dean Smith , former coach at the University of North Carolina,  David Thompson , former basketball player at NC State, ACC Commissioner  John Swofford  and  Ned Jarrett , 2011 inductee of the NASCAR Hall of Fame. Also in attendance was  Fantasia Barrino,  winner of Season 3 of  American Idol . ROOKIE WATCH: Ed Davis  of Toronto was the lone rookie to see action Tuesday night. The Raptors forward posted six points, six rebounds, one assist and one block in 25 minutes. NOTABLE:  Charlotte is 4-1 when shooting 50 percent or better from the floor. ... This is the sixth game this season in which the Bobcats have recorded double figures in blocks. ... Raptors forward  Amir Johnson  scored in double figures for the 12th time this season. It was his fourth time with double-digit rebounds and fourth double-double of the season. ... Bayless' nine assists were a career high. UP NEXT:  For the Raptors, Wednesday vs. Chicago, Friday vs. New Jersey, Sunday vs. L.A. Lakers. For the Bobcats, Wednesday @ Memphis, Friday @ Atlanta, Monday @ Washington.  