  Cavs-Magic notebook   By Sam Amico, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday December 28, 2010 11:00PM THE FACTS: Gilbert Arenas  is starting to show why the Orlando Magic were so determined to acquire him in a trade. Arenas scored nine points in the fourth quarter on his way to a game-high 22, as the Magic pulled away from Cleveland for a 110-95 road win Tuesday.  Jason Richardson  added 20 points for the Magic (20-12), winners of four straight. QUOTABLE:  "I made three adjustments at halftime. Two of them were Xs-and-Os things and the third was to just play harder. And usually that's the best adjustment you can make. I thought our guys played harder [in the second half]."   -- Magic coach  Stan Van Gundy  on his team expanding a 60-57 halftime lead. THE STAT:  61 percent. That's what the Magic shot on 3-pointers (19-for-31). Leading the way were Arenas (5-for-8), Richardson (4-for-6) and  J.J. Redick  (3-for-3, 14 points). All of it goes a long way in explaining how the Magic won fairly easily despite an average night for  Dwight Howard  (12 points, six rebounds). TURNING POINT:  With 9:10 left in the fourth quarter and the Magic holding an 86-80 lead, it suddenly turned into the  Earl Clark  Show. Clark was considered a "throw-in" in Orlando's trade with Phoenix that also landed Richardson and  Hedo Turkoglu . But throw it in the hoop was exactly what Clark did on this night -- including a finger roll and 19-foot jumper that helped extend the lead to 95-85 at the 6:53 mark. QUOTABLE II:  "They have done a great job of assembling a lot of shooters around [Howard]. It's real tough to guard those guys."   -- Cavs guard  Daniel Gibson  on the Magic HOT:  Cavs center  Anderson Varejao  recorded 14 points, nine rebounds, five steals, three blocks and about 12 frustrating moments for Howard. The Cavs have lost 18 of 21 since their 5-5 start, but Varejao keeps playing like every night is Game 7 of the Finals. NOT:  Cavs guard  Mo Williams  scored 14 points on 5-for-6 shooting in the first quarter. He finished the game with 14 points on 5-for-11. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  With a few more performances like the one Tuesday, there's a good chance Clark (12 points, 6-for-10 shooting) will become a regular part of the rotation. So taking a flyer on him now might be worth the risk. "I just tried to take open shots, not force the issue and just play basketball," Clark said. "And I played with confidence." NOTABLE:  The Cavs have now set the franchise record for 3-pointers allowed in a game twice this season. The first came Dec. 4 when Minnesota made 18. The second came Tuesday. ... As Van Gundy put it, "We've put together our team to shoot the ball and the Cavaliers are a team that gives up a lot of threes at a high percentage." ... At one point in the third quarter, the Magic were 14-for-24 on threes, while the Cavs were 14-for-24 on free throws. UP NEXT:  For the Magic, Thursday vs. New York, Monday vs. Golden State, Wednesday vs. Milwaukee. For the Cavaliers, Wednesday @ Charlotte, Saturday @ Chicago, Sunday vs. Dallas.  