  Notebook: Timberwolves 91, Pistons 80 Posted Thursday April 19, 2012 11:28PM By Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Center  Nikola Pekovic  had 23 points and nine rebounds as the Minnesota Timberwolves snapped their 11-game losing streak with a 91-80 victory over the Detroit Pistons at The Palace Thursday night. Forward  Anthony Randolph  (15 points, 10 rebounds) and guard  Jose Barea  (13 points, 12 assists, six rebounds) had double-doubles for Minnesota, which never trailed while leading by as much 23. Timberwolves All-Star forward  Kevin Love  missed his fifth consecutive game with a concussion. Reserve guard  Will Bynum  scored 17 fourth-quarter points for the Pistons, who sliced a 23-point deficit to five in the late going. QUOTABLE:  "Hopefully, we can win out and build on this. We're all competitive. Everybody wants to win and this has been a tough season. We lost a lot of important guys. If we had everyone here and we were healthy, we would have make the playoffs, no problem. We were on that path when we had everybody here."   -- Randolph on snapping the losing streak. THE STAT:  27. The Timberwolves had lost 27 consecutive games in April, spanning four seasons, before their breakthrough performance in Detroit. The last time they won an April game was April 8, 2009 when they defeated Golden State, 105-97. All but one of their 11 consecutive losses entering the game came this month. TURNING POINT:  Playing for the third time in three nights and fourth in five nights, the Pistons were leg weary and their offense disintegrated. Down 21-15, the Pistons missed 19 of their next 20 field-goal attempts and committed five turnovers. By the time center  Greg Monroe  ended that stretch of futility with a putback, the Pistons were down by 15, 36-21. QUOTABLE II:  "I was close. I needed some rebounds but I was tired. The big guys were doing a good job of rebounding, so I couldn't get them tonight. It's hard to get four rebounds in that fourth quarter."   -- Barea on coming up four rebounds shy of a triple-double. HOT:  Randolph bounced back from two poor outings. He scored just one basket apiece against Indiana and Memphis earlier this week while grabbing a total of eight rebounds. Against the Pistons, Randolph had seven points, seven rebounds and two blocks by halftime, then racked up eight third-quarter points. NOT:  Detroit guard  Rodney Stuckey  had 32 points in an overtime loss to Chicago Sunday but has gone cold since that outburst. He had eight points against Cleveland Tuesday, was held scoreless in Atlanta Wednesday, then was blanked in the first half Thursday. He finally scored on Detroit's first possession of the second half but wound up with just four points. GOOD MOVE:  Minnesota coach  Rick Adelman  felt he had a mismatch with bulky Pekovic working against Monroe,  Charlie Villanueva  and rookie  Vernon Macklin . The Timberwolves established Pekovic early, as he powered for 11 first-quarter points. Pekovic then stifled Detroit's comeback with two inside baskets in the final 1:26. BAD MOVE:  Pistons coach  Lawrence Frank  waited too long to go to his bench during the second half. The reserves scored all of their 32 fourth-quarter points after his club scored just 48 during the first three quarters. Bynum never left the bench until the beginning of the fourth. NOTABLE:  Adelman said Love could return to action against Golden State Sunday. Minnesota has only two games left. "If he wants to play and the doctor says it's OK, I'm happy to put him out there," he said. "If he passes everything, it might be good for him to get back on the floor before the season ends." ... Detroit center  Ben Wallace  missed the game because of a death in his family. ... Pistons forward  Tayshaun Prince  had a team-high 18 points. ... Detroit's 31 halftime points was a season low by a Minnesota opponent. The previous low was Washington's 34 on Jan. 8. UP NEXT:  For the Timberwolves, Sunday vs. Golden State, Thursday vs. Denver. For the Pistons, Sunday vs. Toronto, Monday @ Indiana, Thursday vs. Philadelphia.  