Notebook: Clippers 110, Kings 101 
 
 
 James Ham, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Nov 02, 2013 2:06 AM - Updated Sat Nov 02, 2013 2:06 AM 
 
 THE FACT : With his 26 points and 10 dimes, Clippers point guard  Chris Paul  has kicked off the season with three consecutive double-doubles. 
 
 THE LEAD : The Sacramento Kings gave the Los Angeles Clippers all they could handle at Sleep Train Arena, but, in the end, Paul and his high-flying running mates were too much for the home team, coming away with the 110-101 victory. 
 Paul led the way for the Clips (2-1), as  Blake Griffin  added a 20-point, 17-rebound, six-assist performance and  Jamal Crawford  dropped in 18 points off the Clippers' bench. 
 The Kings (1-1) got big nights from  Isaiah Thomas  (29 points in 31 minutes) and  DeMarcus Cousins  (24 points and 10 rebounds), but the duo didn't have enough help to pull out the victory.  
 
 QUOTABLE : "I went through this once.  I'm telling you, when people think you got a shot at it, everybody wants to knock you off and that's just the way it's going to be."   
 --Clippers coach  Doc Rivers 
 
 
 THE STAT : The Clippers small forward combination of  Matt Barnes  and  Jared Dudley  scored a total of 20 points on 6-for-13 shooting.   John Salmons  and  Travis Outlaw  combined to score four points at the wing position for the Kings, while shooting just 2-for-11 from the field.  
 
 THE STAT II : Thomas has found a home off the Kings bench.  The former second round pick scored 29 points and is now averaging 22.5 points per game in Sacramento's first two contests. 
 
 HOT : Paul finished 7-for-14 from the floor, 3-for-5 from long range and 9-for-9 at the foul line. His counterpart, Thomas, is quickly finding his niche as the Kings go-to scorer off the bench.  The 5-foot-9 guard out of Washington scored 12 points in 14 minutes during the first half and backed that up with another 15 points in 17 minutes after the break.  All in all, Thomas scored 29 points on 9-for-13 shooting and hit all three of his 3-point shots. 
 
 NOT : Salmons couldn't find the basket. The veteran forward finished with two points on 1-for-7 shooting.   
 
 GOOD MOVE :  Travis Outlaw  defending Crawford -- who knew that would work?  Crawford finished with 18 points on the night, but Outlaw's length really limited Crawford in the second half.  
 
 BAD MOVE : The Kings were holding tough in the fourth quarter, but coach  Michael Malone  kept Cousins on the bench for the first five minutes of the quarter.  By the time Cousins got back into the flow of the game, it had all but slipped away.  
 
 NOTABLE : Cousins picked up a technical in the fourth quarter for taunting Paul after a blocked shot, and Barnes committed a flagrant foul in the third quarter against  Jason Thompson .  
 
 UP NEXT : For the Clipper, Monday vs. Rockets, Wednesday @ Orlando, Thursday @ Miami. For the Kings, Saturday @ Golden State, Tuesday vs. Atlanta, Friday @ Portland.  
