  Sixers-Heat notebook   By Shandel Richardson, for NBA.com Posted Friday March 25, 2011 10:41PM THE FACTS:  The Miami Heat defeated the Philadelphia 76ers 111-99 Friday night at AmericanAirlines Arena. Guard  Dwyane Wade  led the way with 39 points while  LeBron James  added 32. Forward  Chris Bosh  finished with 20 points and 10 rebounds. The Heat trailed most of the second half before taking control midway through the fourth quarter. Much of their early-game struggles were caused by turnovers, but the Heat calmed down in the second half. It was the Heat's seventh win in eight games. The 76ers were led by  Lou Williams ' 24 points off the bench. The teams could see each other soon in the postseason. The Heat hold the No. 3 seed while the 76ers are No. 6. QUOTABLE:  "It's really only about us. It seems like a month ago we were in training camp ... We're trying to focus right now on improving ... We started out about as sloppy and uncharacteristic as we can. It was very puzzling with the turnovers we had in the first half."   -- Heat coach  Erik Spoelstra  THE STAT:  James, Wade and Bosh combined for 47 of the Heat's 51 first-half points, keeping them in contention. TURNING POINT:  The Heat went on a 12-2 run midway through the fourth quarter, keyed by Wade. At one point, Miami scored seven points in 48 seconds. Swingman  James Jones  hit a 3-pointer from the corner to give the Heat a 75-72 lead. QUOTABLE II:  "Tough game and they beat us in a lot of the tough-area categories, particularly on the glass."   -- Erik Spoelstra HOT:  Wade put together one of his most efficient games of the season. He shot 15 of 26 from the field to shake off a slow start. He scored went scoreless in the first quarter, but was productive in the second and fourth quarters. NOT:   Andre Iguodala  was nearly invisible for the 76ers. He scored just 10 points on 3 of 10 shooting. When he plays solid, Philadelphia is a much better team. The 76ers won't win too many when Williams has to be the leading scorer. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Wade fell just two assists shy of a triple-double. Along with his 39 points, he had 11 rebounds and eight assists. INSIDE THE ARENA:   Serena Williams , rapper  Rick Ross . GOOD MOVE:  The Heat put the ball in the hands of their playmakers, James and Wade, when it counted. After the game, Spoelstra said he had no problem with relying too much on his All-Stars. The Heat had just 13 bench points, but it's easier to withstand when James and Wade are playing so well. BAD MOVE:  The 76ers were six minutes from showing this could be a competitive postseason series, but they completely collapsed. After being able to run with the Heat during the first three quarters, they appeared to run out of gas when Miami picked up the pace. ROOKIE WATCH:  76ers guard  Evan Turner  scored two points in eight minutes. NOTABLE:  Heat center  Zydrunas Ilgauskas  missed his eighth straight game because of a foot infection. He is questionable for Sunday's game against Houston. Wade and James scored at least 30 points in the same game for the fifth time this season. UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Friday vs. Philadelphia, Sunday vs. Houston, Tuesday @ Cleveland. For the 76ers, Sunday vs. Sacramento, Monday @ Chicago, Wednesday vs. Houston.  