  Hornets-Jazz notebook   By Andrew Aragon, for NBA.com Posted Friday March 25, 2011 12:45AM THE FACTS:   Emeka Okafor  forced overtime with an improbable shot as time expired in regulation, and the New Orleans Hornets earned a 121-117 win over the Utah Jazz on Thursday night. Okafor banked in an off-balance shot from about 20 feet after collecting a loose ball from an attempted 60-foot inbounds pass to  Chris Paul  to tie the game at 105-105. In overtime,  Trevor Ariza  hit a 3-pointer to give the Hornets the lead for good at 112-109 and New Orleans held on for the victory. David West , who suffered a potentially serious left knee injury with 22.5 seconds left in regulation, scored 29 points for the Hornets.  Paul Millsap  had a game-high 33 points and 11 rebounds for the Jazz, who lost their fourth straight game. QUOTABLE:  "I thought the game was over. In this league, you never know. Guys make spectacular plays."   -- Jazz coach  Tyrone Corbin  on Okafor's shot that forced overtime. THE STAT:  7. In 53 minutes of basketball, the Hornets remarkably committed just seven turnovers. They had no turnovers in overtime, and just one in the fourth quarter. Paul, who had 24 points and 12 assists, led the way as he played nearly 44 minutes and had just one turnover. TURNING POINT:  It was fitting that the game went into overtime after each team overcame a nine-point deficit in the first half, and there were 12 lead changes. It was seemingly over when Millsap made two free throws with 1.3 seconds left to put the Jazz up by two before Okafor's miraculous shot. The Hornets outplayed the Jazz in overtime. After Ariza's 3-pointer,  Aaron Gray  scored six points and New Orleans made enough free throws to put the game away. QUOTABLE II:  "I don't want to wish nothing on him. He's a great player. But the way he landed and came down reminded me how I did mine -- exactly. It's sad. I hope he's OK. It just reminded me exactly how I did mine."   -- Jazz center  Al Jefferson  on the injury suffered by West. Jefferson tore his ACL during the 2008-09 season when he was with the Timberwolves. HOT:  Millsap made six of his first seven shots. Okafor shot 4-for-5 in the first half and finished with 12 points. Jefferson shot 11-for-17, including 3-for-3 in overtime and had 22 points and 13 rebounds. New Orleans opened the game on a 9-0 run. NOT:   C.J. Miles  went 0-for-4 in the first half, capping a stretch of 3-for-24 shooting in a span of 10 quarters. In the second half, he shot 5-for-8 and finished with 11 points.  Carl Landry  shot 0-for-3 for the Hornets. BAD MOVE:  Millsap admitted he probably made a mistake late in regulation. The Jazz probably would have won if he had missed the second of his two free throws with 1.3 seconds left in the game. The first gave the Jazz a 102-101 lead, and the Hornets were out of timeouts. Getting off any kind of shot would have been difficult for New Orleans had Millsap missed the second free throw. FANTASY WATCH:  If West, who suffered what the Hornets called left knee trauma, is out for the season, it's a blow to his fantasy owners. He has been a steady fantasy performer for much of the season. Against the Jazz, he retained a hot hand after a five-day layoff. He scored 32 points against the Celtics on Saturday. ROOKIE WATCH:  The Jazz's three rookies each had chances to contribute.  Gordon Hayward  played 36-plus minutes and scored 13 points.  Derrick Favors  struggled, shooting 1-for-5 and scoring two points in almost 17 minutes of play.  Jeremy Evans  had one point in 11-plus minutes. NOTABLE:  It was the first overtime loss of the season for the Jazz, who are now 5-1 in overtime games this year.  Earl Watson  sparked the Jazz with a season-high 14 points, three 3-pointers and eight assists. Utah was without injured starters  Andrei Kirilenko  and  Devin Harris . UP NEXT:  For the Hornets, Friday @ Phoenix, Sunday @ L.A. Lakers, Wednesday vs. Trail Blazers. For the Jazz, Saturday vs. Mavericks, Monday vs. Wizards, Friday vs. Lakers.  