  Sixers-Kings notebook   By Jimmy Spencer, for NBA.com Posted Saturday March 19, 2011 1:20AM THE FACTS:  The Philadelphia 76ers used an overpowering defensive effort to drown the Sacramento Kings for a 102-80 road victory on Friday night. The Sixers ran away with the game early, led by  Andre Iguodala's  defense and 13 points, nine assists and seven rebounds. THE STAT:  Since beginning 3-13 to start the season, the Sixers have gone 33-20 since. That record since Nov. 27 is good enough for eighth best record in the league during that span. QUOTABLE:  "It's us working harder. We were all disappointed with that 3-13 start. No one was happy. So we stayed in the gym, we watched more film, coach held us accountable. Each player took it upon himself to get better and help us win."   --  Sixers forward  Elton Brand. TURNING POINT:  It wouldn't take the Sixers long before they took control of the game against the Western Conference's worst record. The Sixers used a strong first quarter to lead 32-23 after the first quarter and were up 55-38 by halftime. Philadelphia led by as many as 28 points. HOT:  Philadelphia's defense was seemed to overwhelm Sacramento's offense on Friday night. The Sixers played good team defense, especially in transition where the Kings scored just eight points in the game. NOT:  Or maybe it was just that the Kings offense was miserable. The team rarely pushed the ball to earn easy looks at the basket and, in the half court, made bad passes and forced bad shots. The Kings shot 34.5 percent and turned the ball over 22 times. INSIDE THE ARENA:  The Sacramento home crowd at Power Balance Pavilion booed loudly when  Omri Casspi  air-balled a 3-pointer midway through the third quarter as the team trailed 80-55. The crowds booed at times throughout the night when the team struggled. QUOTABLE II:  "I don't blame the fans for booing; it wasn't good basketball by us uncharacteristically."   --  Kings coach  Paul Westphal. ROOKIE WATCH:   Demarcus Cousins  was the lone bright spot for Sacramento on the night. The rookie center out of Kentucky scored 19 points and added 12 rebounds. Ohio State product  Evan Turner  played 23 minutes and scored eight points while adding three assists and three rebounds. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Sixers guard  Jrue Holiday  has picked his play back up following a pair of subpar performances to open up the trip (six points, two assists at Milwaukee and four points, three assists at Utah). After tallying 20 points and nine assists at the Clippers on Wednesday, Holiday had a team-high 15 points and added nine rebounds and five assists against the Kings on Friday. NOTABLE:  Andre Iguodala will not play in Saturday's game at Portland to rest his knee, rather than play in back-to-back games. Iguodala said he was in pain shooting on Friday morning and also felt a little pain shooting before the game. He said it will be much needed rest. He will get five days of rest, as the team doesn't play again until Wednesday vs. Atlanta...Brand was given the option by coach  Doug Collins  not to play on Saturday at Portland, but said every game counts right now and will opt to play... Kings guard  Luther Head  did not dress for the game with a sore right calf.... Sacramento guard  Tyreke Evans  worked out on sidelines during the Kings' practice on Thursday and could be back playing limited minutes as early as late next week. "Assuming there are no setbacks, we should see him late next week probably playing some minutes," Westphal said. UP NEXT:  For the Sixers, Saturday at Portland, Wednesday vs. Atlanta, Friday at Miami. For the Kings, Sunday at Minnesota, Monday at Chicago, Wednesday at Milwaukee.  