Notebook: Heat 99, Knicks 93 
 
 
 Adam Zagoria, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Mar 03, 2013 4:05 PM - Updated Sun Mar 03, 2013 4:38 PM 
 
 THE FACTS: LeBron James, Dwyane Wade  and  Chris Bosh  combined for 65 points as the Heat outscored the Knicks by 20 points in the second half to win their 14th straight game, 99-93, at Madison Square Garden. 
 James went 8-of-13 for 19 points in the second half, when Miami outscored the Knicks, 54-34, after trailing 59-45 at the half. Wade added 20 points, Bosh 16 and  Shane Battier  12 on 4-of-4 from behind-the-arc. 
 
 Carmelo Anthony  led the Knicks with 32 points but was 3-of-11 in the second half, much of it with James guarding him. 
 
 Jason Kidd  emerged from a huge slump to add 14 points, eight rebounds and six assists for the Knicks, but only managed two points in the second half.  
 Miami avenged two 20-point losses this season to the Knicks and now leads New York by 7 ½ games in the East. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We got stops and I made a couple shots...We can play with the best teams in the East or the West, so big-time game for us."  --  James on ABC . 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Knicks' bench outscored the Miami reserves, 39-24, thanks to Kidd,  J.R. Smith  (13 points) and  Amar'e Stoudemire  (12 points). Smith went 3-of-14 from beyond the arc. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  After trailing by 14 at the break, James hit back-to-back 3-pointers to tie the game at 79 and the Heat outscored the Knicks 26-16 in the fourth period. James later stole a pass from Smith on the perimeter and scored an uncontested dunk in transition to make it 99-93. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "It was huge, it was our next game, it was our next challenge. We had a few this week, we had Memphis come in our building, a very good team, one of the best teams in this league. Then today, New York, one of the best teams in our league as well. To come here, against a team that's very good at home, to get a win under the circumstances is great." --  LeBron on win after dropping first two games to Knicks. 
 
 
 
 QUOTABLE  I II:  "I thought that third quarter and especially in the fourth when it was crunch time we turned it over and didn't get shots. They're a great team and you gotta do everything right to beat that team."  --  Knicks coach  Mike Woodson. 
 
 
 WHO'S HOT:  Kidd went 4-of-5 from the 3-point line, the most 3-pointers he's made since Jan. 5 when he went 5-of-8. He had made seven 3-pointers in his previous 15 games entering the Heat game.  
 
 WHO'S NOT: Steve Novak , who struggled against the Heat in the playoffs last season, went 0-of-3 from 3-point territory and did not score. 
 
 QUOTABLE I V :  "Kidd came out of his shooting slump and made shots, but we just didn't finish the game. We played one half and you gotta play two."  --  Woodson. 
 
 
 QUOTABLE V:  "I thought this was a very winnable game. I walk out here thinking we let one go."  --  Tyson Chandler. 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  Anthony wore a flak jacket in the second half after appearing to injure his rib in the first half. 
 
 NOTABLE II:  Woodson said "the door is still open" for  Rasheed Wallace  to return in the postseason assuming he recovers from left foot surgery. He is expected to miss at least eight weeks after undergoing surgery this week. "He's just gotta put in the time and rehab and get back out on the floor because he can help us I think in the long run," Woodson said. 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA: Phil Collins, Derek Trucks, Jason Sudeikis, Michael Strahan, Paul Rudd, Juan Martin del Potro  and  Victoria Azarenka  sat courtside. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Monday @ Cleveland, Wednesday @ Detroit, Thursday vs. Oklahoma City. For the Heat, Monday @ Minnesota, Wednesday vs. Orlando, Friday vs. Philadelphia. 
