Notebook: Grizzlies 90, Mavericks 84 
 
 
 Marlon W. Morgan, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Thu Feb 28, 2013 12:14 AM - Updated Thu Feb 28, 2013 12:14 AM 
 
 THE FACTS:  It's not often a team can fall behind by 25 points, shoot 37.7 percent for the game, go seven minutes down the stretch in the fourth quarter without a field goal, and still come away with a win. That's what the Memphis Grizzlies were able to do against Dallas Wednesday night in their 90-84 win at FedExForum. The win matched a franchise record for the largest comeback in team history, which was last done on March 25, 2002 at Portland. The Grizzlies did it with defense, holding Dallas to just 29 points in the second half to extend their winning streak to a season-high tying eight games, which also ties the team's record. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "They [the Grizzlies] applied pressure and we didn't attack it well. It's another tough lesson in a season full of tough lessons. Our guards have to understand when they see that kind of pressure that they have to attack it right away. We've got to do more to help them if we can." 
 -- Mavericks coach  Rick Carlisle 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Dallas outscored the Grizzlies 38-19 after one quarter of play, the most points allowed in a quarter by the Grizzlies this season. From there, the Mavericks were outscored 71-46, thanks to a five-point third quarter. That set a record for the fewest points allowed by the Grizzlies in any quarter. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Grizzlies trailed Dallas 51-26 with 5:25 remaining in the second quarter. From there, they went on a 36-4 run that carried over into the third quarter. That run was capped by a 24 unanswered points that allowed the Grizzlies to take a 62-55 lead. That is the most unanswered point in franchise history.  
 
 HOT:  The Grizzlies defense is what won this game, especially the second half. In addition to holding Dallas to 29 points in the half, they also held them to 27 percent shooting as Dallas missed 20 of its 37 shots. 
 
 NOT:  Dallas shot 59 percent from the floor in the first half. The Mavericks evidently left their hot shooting in the locker room. In the third quarter, the Mavs shot 11.8 percent, making just 2-for-17 from the floor and scoring only five points. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Grizzlies coach  Lionel Hollins  burned his first timeout one minute, 15 seconds into the game. A second one game with 8:45 left in the first quarter with his team down 10-0. That's when he began yanking his starters. By the 7:10 mark, only center  Marc Gasol  remained on the floor, but even he was eventually replaced. The move worked as the Grizzlies second unit, led by  Austin Daye 's 10 first half points, gave the team the spark it needed. The starters returned and closed out the half on a 16-4 run that trimmed the Mavs' lead to 55-42 at the half. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I don't know what their mindset was coming in, but it wasn't about going out and being professional and doing what they were supposed to do and playing the way they are capable of playing. ... I had to sub early. I took everybody out for a second. Guys were pissed at me, but I was pissed at them so it didn't matter." 
 -- Grizzlies coach  Lionel Hollins 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  The win sets up a Friday matchup of the NBA's two hottest teams. The Grizzlies take their eight-game winning streak to Miami where the Heat is on a 12-game roll. That game will be nationally televised on ESPN at 8 p.m. ET. ... The Grizzlies went back to their strength by getting the ball to their post players --  Zach Randolph  and Gasol. Randolph had a game-high 22 points and 10 rebounds while Gasol added 21 points and a game-high 12 boards. Randolph, the team's lone All-Star this year, has recorded double-doubles in all five games since the break. ... Dallas had 21 turnovers, a night after committing 20 miscues against Milwaukee, which also resulted in a loss. ... Coming off a 21-point, 20-rebound effort against Milwaukee, Dirk Nowitzki was held to 10 points (4-for-11) and four rebounds. He had just two points in the second half. Dallas' leading scorer, former Grizzly guard  O.J. Mayo  had 11 points on 5-for-13 shooting. ... The Grizzlies starting backcourt of  Mike Conley  and  Tony Allen  was a combined 4-for-20 from the floor for 14 points. ...  Shawn Marion  led Dallas with 16 points, 10 of those coming in the opening quarter.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Mavericks, Friday at Brooklyn, Sunday at Houston, Wednesday vs. Houston. For the Grizzlies, Friday at Miami, Sunday at Orlando, Wednesday vs. Portland. 
