  Trail Blazers-Heat notebook   By Shandel Richardson, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday March 8, 2011 11:00PM THE FACTS:  The Portland Trail Blazers defeated the Miami Heat 105-96 Tuesday at AmericanAirlines Arena. Forward  LaMarcus Aldridge  scored a team-high 26 points. He was one of the six Portland players to score in double-figures, highlighted by  Gerald Wallace's  22 points off the bench. The Trail Blazers shot 50 percent from the field, including 7 of 17 on 3-pointers. It was the fifth straight loss for the Heat, their longest streak of the season. They received big games from guard  Dwyane Wade  and forward  LeBron James , but they had little help. Wade led all scorers with 38 points while James added 31. QUOTABLE:  "Frankly, we don't have a lot of answers how to get over this hump. The only thing we can do is keep grinding and not let go of the rope."   -- Heat coach  Erik Spoelstra THE STAT:  The Trail Blazers' bench outscored the Heat 41-8. It was the Heat's second consecutive game where they got virtually nothing from the reserves. They scored just six points in Sunday's loss to the Chicago Bulls. TURNING POINT:  The Heat were poised to make a run in the third quarter when they tied the score at 77, but Portland responded with a 7-0 run. It was just what the Trail Blazers needed to remain in control. The Heat made a couple more runs, but Portland responded each time. HOT:  The Heat had no answer for Aldridge most of the game. He was 11 of 20 from the field, having his way with Heat forward  Chris Bosh . Before the game, James said Aldridge was the biggest snub in NBA All-Star game history, and he showed why he's one of the league's elite players. NOT:  Bosh has been in a funk since his 1 of 18 shooting performance against the Bulls. He's struggled with his jumpshot since the All-Star break. Against Portland, he was 3 of 11 from the field, leaving a bulk of the scoring load on Wade and James. Bosh finished with just seven points and four rebounds. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  James once again filled the stat sheets in a loss. In addition to his 31 points, he had 11 rebounds and eight assists. He also shot at a high percentage, going 14 of 20 from the field. Wade was 12 of 21 from field, and also had six rebounds and five assists. GOOD MOVE:  The Trail Blazers once again took advantage of the Heat's struggles in defending at point guard.  Andre Miller  was effective throughout when guarded by  Mike Bibby  and  Mario Chalmers . He was key in the late stages when the Trail Blazers were able to hold off the Heat's rally. BAD MOVE:  After the game, Bosh said he hasn't reached a comfort zone because he's playing too much on the perimeter. The Heat may have allowed Bosh to become too comfortable shooting jumpshots, but he says he'd rather play more in the low post. If the Heat can satisfy his request, then that could open things up on the perimeter for James and Wade. NOTABLE:  Spoelstra said it's too early to determine if injured forward  Udonis Haslem  will return this season. Haslem has been out since November after undergoing surgery to repair ligament damage in his left foot. Haslem said his target date is the end of the month. Portland has won seven straight road games, the longest streak since 1991. UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Thursday vs. L.A. Lakers, Saturday vs. Memphis, Monday vs. San Antonio. For the Trail Blazers, Friday @ Charlotte, Saturday @ Atlanta, Tuesday vs. Dallas.  