Notebook: Bucks 92, Celtics 85 
 
 
 Rick Braun, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Dec 01, 2013 12:39 AM - Updated Sun Dec 01, 2013 12:39 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  Finally healthy,  Brandon Knight  flirted with a triple-double with 20 points, nine rebounds and eight assists as the Bucks ended an 11-game losing streak. 
 
 THE LEAD:   O.J. Mayo  scored a game-high 22 points, and Knight chipped in 20 points, nine rebounds and eight assists as the Milwaukee Bucks snapped their 11-game losing streak with a 92-85 victory over the Boston Celtics Saturday night at the BMO Harris Bradley Center. 
 Second-year forward  John Henson  added 13 points, 13 rebounds and three blocks for Milwaukee (3-13). 
 
 Jared Sullinger  led the Celtics with 21 points and 14 rebounds, but Boston (7-12) lost to the struggling Bucks for the second time this season. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "As I continue to get more healthy and get my feet wet and get adjusted to playing after sitting out for three or four weeks, I know I'll continue to get better and better and I know our team will continue to get better and better." 
 -- Brandon Knight  
 
 
 THE STAT:  After the Celtics made 15 of their first 26 shots and led by as many as 11 in the first 14 minutes, they made just 20 of their last 58. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  In a 10-second span, rookie  Giannis Antetokounmpo  committed a turnover, chased down Boston's  Jordan Crawford  to block a breakaway layup attempt and then sprinted back to the other end for a fast-break dunk that electrified the arena. Although the Celtics still held a 27-21 lead at that point, minutes later the Bucks would use that spark and go on an 18-2 run. Boston would never lead again. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "There are a lot of things that people don't know I can do, but you're going to see it. As the season goes on, you're going to see it." 
 -- Giannis Antetokounmpo  
 
 
 HOT:  Mayo made 9-for-14 shots, including 2-for-4 3-pointers, after entering the game shooting just 39.6 percent from the field. 
 
 NOT:  Boston guard  Avery Bradley  went just 4-for-15 and ended up fouling out. 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Sullinger made 10-for-18 shots as he posted his third double-double of the season with 21 points and 14 rebounds.  
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Bucks coach  Larry Drew  mixed up his defenses, using a heavy dose of zone in the second quarter. The Celtics made just four of their last 19 shots in the first half. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "It feels good to get that monkey off your back. It really does. Especially the way we did it. Shorthanded as we were and playing some guys out of position." 
 -- Larry Drew 
 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Antetokounmpo had his best game with 10 points, seven rebounds, four assists and a blocked shot in a season-high 28 minutes. Boston center  Vitor Faverani  made his first three shots and finished with seven points. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Bucks starting forward  Ersan Ilyasova  missed the game with a sore hamstring and sore thumb, and forward  Caron Butler  will miss about a week with a swollen left knee. ... The Bucks have won their last four games against the Celtics. ... The Bucks scored two of their three victories for the month over Boston -- on the first and last days of the month. ... The 11-game losing streak is tied for second-longest in team history. ... The two teams meet again Tuesday in Boston. ... The Bucks won the rebound battle for just the fifth time this season, posting a 49-41 margin. ... The Celtics were without  Courtney Lee , their leading scorer off the bench. Lee suffered a sprained left knee Wednesday night in Memphis. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Celtics, Tuesday vs. Milwaukee, Friday vs. Denver, Sunday @ New York. For the Bucks, Tuesday @ Boston, Wednesday vs. Detroit, Friday @ Washington. 
