  Notebook: Spurs 100, Sixers 90 Posted Wednesday February 8, 2012 10:09PM By Andy Jasner, for NBA.com THE FACTS:   Tony Parker  played one of his best games all season with 37 points and eight assists as the San Antonio Spurs defeated the Philadelphia 76ers 100-90 Wednesday night at the Wells Fargo Center.  Gary Neal  scored 18 points while  Tim Duncan  had 16 points and 11 rebounds. The Spurs (18-9) improved to 2-0 on their season-long nine-game road trip. They also have won six straight overall. Lou Williams  paced the Sixers (18-8) with 22 points while  Andre Iguodala  had 17.  Thaddeus Young  scored 16 points,  Jrue Holiday  had 15 and  Elton Brand  contributed a double-double with 11 points and 13 rebounds. The Sixers fell to 13-4 at home and had a four-game home winning streak snapped against the Spurs. QUOTABLE:  "His basketball IQ is off the charts."   -- Spurs coach  Gregg Popovich  on  Tiago Splitter 's 15-point performance in 17 minutes. THE STAT:  Parker was 13-for-13 from the free-throw line. Additionally, he played 38 minutes and wasn't whistled for a personal foul. TURNING POINT:  Every time the Sixers inched closer down the stretch, Parker and Duncan responded. After Williams hit a huge 3-pointer to cut the lead to 95-90, Parker came right back with a difficult jumper to extend the lead back to seven. HOT:  Splitter was quite effective off the bench for the Spurs and displayed a soft touch as well. Splitter shot 7-for-10. NOT:   Jodie Meeks  missed four of his five shots for the Sixers and never found his rhythm on this night. QUOTABLE II:  "I love playing pick-and-roll with Tiago. He's always in perfect position."   -- Tony Parker on Tiago Splitter. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Not only was Neal an offensive threat, but he added six assists, five rebounds and one blocked shot. INSIDE THE ARENA:  It wasn't quite as electric as the last two games against the Miami Heat and Los Angeles Lakers, but the crowd was quite energetic. The last two games were sellouts and an impressive crowd of 18,070 showed up for the Spurs. QUOTABLE III:  "When he's attacking the basket, he's incredibly tough to stop."   -- Elton Brand on Tony Parker. GOOD MOVE:  Duncan received plenty of rest through the first three quarters, which allowed him to be fresh in the all-important fourth. BAD MOVE:  The Sixers could have double-teamed Parker a bit more to get the ball out of his hands. ROOKIE WATCH:  Spurs swingman  Kawhi Leonard  had two points and three rebounds. Guard  Cory Joseph  was scoreless in a very brief 25-second stint. Sixers forward  Nikola Vucevic  made his fourth start of the season and was 0-for-4 from the field. He did sweep six rebounds, however.  Lavoy Allen  scored two points, grabbed nine rebounds and had three blocked shots. NOTABLE:  Williams received a technical foul with 5:40 left in regulation ... Spurs guard  Manu Ginobili  remained out with a broken hand. ... Sixers center  Spencer Hawes  was out with a strained left Achilles. Hawes missed 10 straight games, returned for two and then re-aggravated the injury. But a pair of MRIs came back negative on his back and Achilles. ... Brand's double-double was his fifth this season. ... The Sixers had a season-low four steals. ... The Spurs committed a season-low seven turnovers. ... The Sixers fell to 0-5 when allowing 100 or more points. They were 6-25 last season. ... The reserves for the 2012 All-Star Game will be announced on Thursday with Iguodala and Williams having a legitimate chance of making it for the first time. "It would be good," Iguodala said. "I do think I deserve to be there." NEXT:  For the Spurs, Saturday @ New Jersey, Tuesday @ Detroit, Wednesday @ Toronto. For the Sixers, Friday vs. L.A. Clippers, Saturday @ Cleveland, Monday @ Charlotte.  