
 Grizzlies-Kings notebook   By Jimmy Spencer, for NBA.com Posted Sunday November 7, 2010 1:49AM THE FACTS : The Memphis Grizzlies forced 20 turnovers on their way to a 100-91 road victory against the young roster of the Sacramento Kings on Saturday night. Sacramento's defense never found an answer for  Rudy Gay , who scored a game-high 32 points and grabbed nine rebounds. The Grizzlies bounced back from a double-overtime defeat in Phoenix on Friday night. QUOTABLE:  "It's funny because it seems like just yesterday that we were in the same shoes, growing up and learning together. Now, we're out there and we understand how to handle situations as a group. We had a tough game last night and a younger team would have come back and probably lost this game by feeling sorry for themselves."   --   Memphis guard  Mike Conley THE STAT:  The Grizzlies defense forced 20 turnovers against the Kings, using defensive traps to take Sacramento out of its offensive rhythm. TURNING POINT:  Leading by just four at halftime, Memphis took firm control of the game early in the third quarter. The Grizzlies opened the second half on a 16-4 run thanks to Kings turnovers and fouls. QUOTABLE II:  "They did a good job to make us go to our secondary options. It's pretty clear that we're not there yet to have an answer for what other teams do to us. We didn't have the answer tonight, we turned it over instead."  --  Kings Coach  Paul Westphal HOT:  Conley continued to prove himself as a top point guard in the league early this season. He entered Saturday's game as one of only two players, along with New Orleans'  Chris Paul,  to average at least 15 points, eight assists and five rebounds. In Sacramento, Conley scored 14 points and recorded five assists and three rebounds. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  The young Kings were led by reigning Rookie of the Year  Tyreke Evans  who scored 30 points, adding eight rebounds, five assists and four steals. Evans made strong moves towards the basket, often opting to drop the ball off to cutting big mans for easy buckets. He shot 12-for-20 from the field. BAD MOVE:  The Kings' zone defense revealed too many sweet spots. The Grizzlies got good looks at the basket and Sacramento's defense never seemed to adjust. The Kings were forced to go to the zone, as they were unable to keep up with the Memphis guards man-to-man. ROOKIE WATCH:  Kings rookie  DeMarcus Cousins  came off the bench for the first time in his very young career. The No. 5 overall pick, who had started in Sacramento's first five games, was replaced by veteran center  Samuel Dalembert  in the starting lineup on Saturday. Cousins played 22 minutes, committing five fouls and four turnovers, while finishing with just four points and three rebounds. NOTABLE:  After Saturday's victory, the Grizzlies hold a 4-26 record all-time in Sacramento, but have now won four of the last five at Arco Arena. ...  Zach Randolph  tallied a double-double with 20-points and 11 rebounds ... Kings forward  Omri Casspi  excitedly grabbed the back of coach Paul Westphal's neck as he excitedly ran off the court following his first quarter buzzer-beating bank shot from midcourt ... Off the bench, Kings wing  Francisco Garcia  scored 12 of his 21 points in the fourth quarter ... Dalembert grabbed a game-high 12 rebounds in his first start of the season. UP NEXT:  For the Grizzlies, Monday vs. Phoenix, Wednesday vs. Dallas, Saturday vs. Boston. For the Kings, Wednesday vs. Minnesota, Friday at Phoenix, Sunday vs. Detroit. 
