  Bulls-Kings notebook   By Jimmy Spencer, for NBA.com Posted Sunday November 28, 2010 1:37AM THE FACTS:   Derrick Rose  scored 30 points as the Chicago Bulls came back in a 96-85 road victory against the Sacramento Kings on Saturday night. The Bulls trailed by as many as 16 points before tightening up defensively late in the game, holding Sacramento to just nine points in the fourth quarter. QUOTABLE:  "We definitely have the identity of our coach. I think he is probably the hungriest guy I've ever been around in terms of coaching. Ever since the summer, the guy is in the gym all day. ... He is hungry, he wants to win so bad."   --  Bulls forward  Joakim Noah  on head coach Tom Thibodeau THE STAT:  The Bulls defensive pressure certainly notched up in the second half. The Kings turned the ball over just two times in the first half and scored 57 points. But Chicago forced six second-half turnovers and limited the Kings to just 31.6 percent in the fourth quarter. TURNING POINT:  Sacramento scored just an average of 89.9 points per game in the last 10 games, nine of which they lost. Early on Saturday night though, the Kings offense looked crisp. But as Sacramento's lead whittled down midway through the third quarter, so did the number of good looks allowed by Chicago's defense. Sacramento's offensive sets grew tight, failing to earn those shots in transition that had come earlier in the game. Baskets in the paint slowed and became contested jumpers with an expiring shot clock. Chicago's defense led the team's come-from-behind win. HOT:  Rose shot 10-for-23 on the night for his game-high 30 points, and also added seven assists and seven rebounds. Rose's status for the game was questionable before tip off, as he was still ailing from a stiff neck that kept him out of Friday's loss at Denver. Prior to the game he said, "I'm going to go test it out now, shoot for a little bit and see how it is. If it is hurting, I'll take a pill and still go out there and play." He didn't seem too affected by his neck, playing 42 minutes and flying down the court with his usual, blaring speed. NOT:  Early on, it looked as if Kings guard  Tyreke Evans  was coming out of his slump. The reigning Rookie of the Year was averaging just 9.3 points per game in his last three games entering Saturday night. Evans got off to a hot start with 13 points and six assists in the first half. But when Chicago's defense rose up, Evans game was quieted. Evans scored just four points in the second half. INSIDE THE ARENA:  A fan came down from the second deck for a half-court shot contest just before the fourth quarter. The contestant, a season-ticket holder, took his time pandering to the crowd with a half court routine before banking in a heave to win a car. ROOKIE WATCH:  Sacramento's rookie big man,  DeMarcus Cousins,  scored six points and grabbed five rebounds, but played just 15 minutes and totaled five fouls. NOTABLE:  The Kings led at halftime for the first time this season. Sacramento led 57-44 over Chicago, clicking early in transition and shooting 50 percent (4-for-8) from behind the 3-point arc. Evans had 13 points, six assists and three rebounds at the half. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Wednesday vs. Orlando, Friday at Boston, Saturday vs. Houston. For the Kings, Tuesday vs. Indiana, Friday at Lakers, Saturday vs. Dallas.  