  Notebook: Bulls 111, Wolves 100   By Phil Miller, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday January 11, 2012 12:11AM THE FACTS:   Derrick Rose  played through a turf-toe injury Monday night in Minneapolis, scoring 14 of his season-high 31 points in the fourth quarer to lead the Bulls to a 111-100 victory over the Timberwolves in Minneapolis. The league's reigning MVP helped Chicago open an early 24-point lead over Minnesota with a 14-point first quarter, struggled through the second and third periods after having his left foot taped, then took over again down the stretch to lead the Bulls to their eighth win in nine games. Luol Deng  added 21 points for Chicago,  Ronnie Brewer  equaled his season-high with 17, and  Kyle Korver  continued his hot shooting off the bench, scoring 13 points and hitting all three of his 3-pointers. Luke Ridnour  led Minnesota with 22 points on 8-for-11 shooting, and  Ricky Rubio  contributed 13 points and 12 assists. That point-guard pair led the Wolves on a 20-2 run to close the first half and turn a 24-point deficit to 6 points at the break. Minnesota eventually tied the score, but never took the lead, as Rose, despite the toe injury, made one crucial shot after another in the fourth quarter to send the Wolves to their fourth loss in five games. QUOTABLE:  "I can't bend my big toe at all. But towards the end, I didn't feel it. They just wrapped it up, I took and Advil, [and] I was good."   -- Rose, after a first-quarter collision with Wolves forward  Anthony Tolliver  jammed his left foot into the floor THE STAT:  5 -- Missed shots among the Bulls' first 21 field-goal attempts, a 76.2 percent success rate that, contrasted with the Wolves' 27.4 percent shooting over the same span, resulted in a 24-point Chicago lead early in the second quarter. The Wolves managed to rally to tie the game, but never claimed the lead. TURNING POINT:  The game was tied at 70 when Bulls coach  Tom Thibodeau  decided to go to a smaller lineup, pulling  Carlos Boozer  in favor of the more versatile  Taj Gibson . At the end of the quarter, with Chicago clinging to a five-point lead, Thibodeau benched  Joakim Noah  as well. The quicker lineup matched up well with Minnesota's two-point-guard look, and with Rose and Korver hitting open shots, the Bulls quickly pulled out to a 10-point lead that the Wolves never seriously dented. QUOTABLE II:  "The first five minutes in the morning aren't usually a whole lot of fun. But after that, I'm OK."    -- Korver, on the wear and tear of the condensed NBA schedule. HOT:  Korver made 5-of-6 shots Monday, including all three of his 3-pointers, continuing a five-day hot streak. In four games since Friday, Korver has sank 13 of his 20 3-point shots, lifting his season success rate to 53.7 percent. NOT:  Wolves rookie  Derrick Williams  made only 1-of-7 shots and collected just two rebounds in 22 minutes. Williams shot just 10-for-30 during Minnesota's back-to-back-to-back stretch. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Former Eagles quarterback  Donovan McNabb , who played six games with the Vikings before being released in October, received a warm reception as he walked to a seat a few rows from the court in the first quarter. GOOD MOVE:  After Rubio brought the Wolves back from a 24-point deficit to close the gap to just six at halftime, Minnesota coach  Rick Adelman  decided to stick with the lineup that closed the first half on a 20-2 run. That meant starters  Darko Milicic ,  Wayne Ellington  and  Wesley Johnson  were on the bench to open a half for the first time all season, and none of the three played a minute in the second half. ROOKIE WATCH:   Rubio impressed Rose with his court vision and shooting ability, leading the Wolves to 18 fast-break points, including a crowd-pleasing alley-oop to  Anthony Randolph , with his 12 assists. NOTABLE:  The game drew a sellout crowd of 19,356 to Target Center, the first time in nearly eight years that the Wolves have sold out a weekday (Monday-Thursday) regular-season game, other than home openers. The last weekday sellout came against Seattle on March 31, 2004. ... Wolves forward  Michael Beasley  was in a walking boot Monday after suffering a sprained right foot on Friday, and the team announced he will be out "indefinitely."  Adelman said he hoped Beasley could return in a week or so, but that Beasley is still feeling pain in the foot. ... Bulls guard  Richard Hamilton , still feeling the effects of a groin injury, sat out for the fifth time in six games. ... UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Wednesday vs. Wizards, Friday @ Boston, Saturday vs. Raptors. For the Timberwolves, Friday @ New Orleans, Saturday @ Atlanta, Monday vs. Kings.  