  Warriors-Jazz notebook   By Andrew Aragon, for NBA.com Posted Thursday February 17, 2011 12:27AM THE FACTS:   Monta Ellis  had 35 points and seven assists as the Golden State Warriors defeated the Utah Jazz 107-100 in the final game for both teams before the Al-Star break on Wednesday night. The win capped a solid stretch for the Warriors, who have won seven of their last nine games.  Dorell Wright  chipped in 22 points and five rebounds for Golden State. For the reeling Jazz, who are 4-13 in their last 17 games,  Al Jefferson  had 23 points and 11 rebounds and  Paul Millsap  had 22 points. QUOTABLE:  "This is a big step for us. Knowing that this team [Utah] was desperate, they had to try and get a win and our guys fought through it. They were fatigued from last night and they fought through it and they stayed within themselves."   -- Warriors coach  Keith Smart  on his tired team beating a Utah team in desperate need of a victory. THE STAT:  5. The loss was Utah's fifth straight home defeat. Before Wednesday, the Jazz hadn't lost five consecutive home games since the 1981-82 season. That team lost 12 straight home games. TURNING POINT:  With the Warriors leading 94-92, Ellis hit a near-impossible shot. He was fouled hard by  Earl Watson , and drained a 20-foot jumper while falling backward. The three-point play gave Golden State a five-point lead with 3:23 left to play, and seemingly broke the Jazz's will. A layup in traffic by  Reggie Williams  with two minutes left to play put the Warriors up 101-94 and put the game away. QUOTABLE II:  "I think we're coming out of [our recent funk] and I recognize we're short-handed and we've been through some adversity. We're looking forward to coming out of it and having a good chance to make a run in the second half [of the season]."   -- Jazz coach  Tyrone Corbin  on his team's overall mentality. HOT:  Ellis was unconscious in the final three quarters, making 13 of his last 17 attempts. Golden State's Williams shot 4-for-6 and scored 10 of his 15 points in the fourth quarter. Millsap scored the game's first six points and Utah's first eight points. He shot 8-for-13. NOT:   Stephen Curry  missed his first six shot attempts and foul trouble limited him to playing 21 minutes. He did, however, score on a reverse layup to put the Warriors up 105-100 with 31.7 seconds left. The Jazz shot a lousy 30.4 percent in the fourth quarter.  Deron Williams  was 1-for-5 from 3-point range. In Utah's last eight games, he is 7-for-39 from long range. GOOD MOVE:  Ellis stayed in attack mode throughout the game, and no one on the Jazz could slow him down. BAD MOVE:  Watson made a terrible decision with 6:51 left in the game. He attempted an off-balance 3-pointer with 10 seconds left on the shot clock, missed and the Warriors rebounded. Ellis scored on the other end, and Utah never led again. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Wright, who will compete in the 3-point contest during All-Star Weekend, continued his breakout season. With 22 points, he scored more than 20 for the 17th time this season. INSIDE THE ARENA:   Edgar Renteria , the reigning World Series MVP for the San Francisco Giants who now plays for the Cincinnati Reds, was in attendance and introduced to the crowd in the second quarter. ROOKIE WATCH:   Gordon Hayward  started for the Jazz and had five points and three rebounds in 33 minutes.  Jeremy Evans  played 10 minutes for the Jazz and had six points and six rebounds. For the Warriors,  Ekpe Udoh  went scoreless in 15 minutes and  Jeremy Lin  had five points in six minutes. NOTABLE:  The Jazz's Williams dished his 4,000th career assist against the Warriors. He is the fourth player in Jazz history to have 4,000 assists, joining  John Stockton ,  Karl Malone  and  Rickey Green . Utah played with just nine players because of injuries to  Andrei Kirilenko ,  Mehmet Okur ,  Raja Bell  and  Ronnie Price . Golden State's bench outscored Utah's 31-12. The Warriors have won six straight games against teams with winning records. UP NEXT:  For the Warriors, Tuesday vs. Celtics, Friday vs. Hawks, Sunday @ Minnesota. For the Jazz, Wednesday @ Dallas, Friday @ Indiana, Saturday @ Detroit.  