  Heat-Timberwolves notebook   By Jim Beilby, for NBA.com Posted Friday April 1, 2011 11:29PM THE FACTS:  The Miami Heat trailed the Minnesota Timberwolves at halftime, but Miami turned up the defensive pressure and  Dwyane  Wade exploded for 16 of his 32 points in the third quarter as the Heat dismantled the Wolves, 111-92. The Heat were 11-for-13 to open the third quarter and they smothered the Wolves into 0-for-15 shooting. The two of the big three turned in dominating performances as well.  LeBron James  scored 27 points, grabbed 6 rebounds, and had 10 assists. And  Chris Bosh  scored 24 points and had 11 rebounds. QUOTABLE:  "Certainly at the beginning of the third quarter, I liked seeing our activity and commitment to [the defensive] side of the floor. Coming out of the second quarter, it was too easy for them. We were giving them open jump shots, not containing the ball, not playing pick-and-rolls with nay kind of commitment or sense of urgency. In the second half, we were able to pick it up. It's not a complete game, but we'll take it at this point."   -- Miami head coach,  Eric Spoelstra THE STAT:  Despite the fact that Minnesota leads the league in rebounding, Miami outrebounded Minnesota 55-39. Minnesota's rebounding machine,  Kevin Love , was held to single-digit rebounds (seven) for only the 12th time this season. TURNING POINT : After giving away ten point first quarter lead, the Miami Heat were visibly frustrated to find themselves down by one at halftime, 52-51. Miami responded by opening the third quarter with an impressive array of smothering defense and fast-break dunks resulting in a back-breaking 25-1 run. Minnesota cut the Heat lead to 10 early in the fourth quarter, but they never seriously challenged for the lead. QUOTABLE II:  "[We wanted to] try and hold them to one shot. We understand this team, that they're a great offensive rebounding team and they cause havoc there. That enabled us to get out in transition and get some points and get a lead."   --Wade NOTABLE:  With the win tonight, Miami's magic number to clinch the Southeast Division is one. Second place Orlando posted an 89-77 victory over Charlotte to prevent Miami from clinching the division tonight. UP NEXT:  For the Wolves, Saturday @ Memphis, Tuesday @ New Jersey, Wednesday vs. Phoenix. For the Heat, Sunday @ New Jersey, Wednesday vs. Milwaukee, Friday vs. Charlotte.  