  Notebook: Clippers 107, Jazz 105   By Andrew Aragon, for NBA.com Posted Thursday February 2, 2012 2:23AM THE FACTS:  So, that's what all the hype is about. The Los Angeles Clippers, playing with superstar point guard  Chris Paul  this time, avenged an earlier loss to the Utah Jazz with a 107-105 victory on Wednesday night. Paul had 34 points and 11 assists as the Clippers dazzled with momentum-changing lobs and dunks, and got revenge for a 108-79 loss to Utah on Jan. 17. Paul did not play in that contest. Blake Griffin  had 31 points, including a game-clinching three-point play with 21.9 seconds left. He also had 14 rebounds for the Clippers, who had lost 16 straight times and 42 of their last 43 meetings in Utah. Center  Al Jefferson  carried the Jazz with 27 points and 12 rebounds. QUOTABLE:  "This was a pretty good win for us. Last time we were here they pretty much embarrassed us. I was sitting over here in a suit. The fans were on us and different things like that. We really wanted this game. We didn't know the history of that (the Clippers losing 42 of their last 43 in Utah) but it's a new team right here."   -- Chris Paul on the significance of his team's victory. THE STAT:  The Clippers owned the Jazz on the boards with a 50-35 rebounding advantage. Los Angeles collected 12 offensive rebounds and turned them into 20 second-chance points. TURNING POINT:  Paul took over down the stretch. He made four straight shots for the Clippers -- three jumpers and a reverse layup -- to keep L.A. in the lead. His last jumper put the Clippers ahead 96-92. The clincher came after Jefferson made a shot to close Utah's deficit to 98-96. On the ensuing in-bounds pass, Griffin got the ball near mid-court, drove to the basket, made a layup and was fouled by Jefferson. He converted the free throw to make it 101-96. HOT:  Paul had the Jazz on skates, destroying them with drives to the basket, long-range baskets, as well as creating shots for his teammates. He shot 8-for-11 and had eight of his assists in the first half. Paul also helped the Clippers live up to their "Lob City" reputation as they finished with nine dunks. The first five shots they made were dunks with three of them coming off of lobs. It was an exciting -- not to mention a high percentage -- way to start the contest. Jefferson made seven of his first eight shots.  Derrick Favors  made his first four shots before missing his last three. NOT:  The Jazz's free-throw shooting woes were costly. They started 4-for-11 from the free-throw line. After making 13 straight foul shots, they had three misses in the fourth quarter. Utah missed 11 of its first 12 shots in the third quarter. The Jazz missed their first six 3-point attempts and finished 3-for-11 from 3-point range.  Mo Williams , who also missed the first meeting of the season between the two teams along with Paul, shot just 6-for-18.  Chauncey Billups  shot 1-for-8. QUOTABLE II:  "The sky's the limit. We have all the pieces to be a great team. We got to keep getting better defensively, but we have the closers, we have the shot blockers, we have the shooters and everything that you need. We probably have the Sixth Man of the Year in Mo Williams. "   -- Chris Paul on his team's potential. GOOD MOVE:  Basic math said that the Clippers should foul when up three in the final seconds. Teams rarely do it, and it didn't please the home crowd, but it was smart and effective for Los Angeles. The Clippers, leading 105-102, fouled  Devin Harris  with 3.8 seconds remaining, and Harris sank both foul shots. With a 107-104 lead, they fouled  C.J. Miles . He made one, and intentionally missed the second, trying to give Utah a chance to tie it with a two in the paint. It didn't work. NOTABLE:   Caron Butler  was a late scratch for the Clippers because of a sore lower back.  Ryan Gomes  started in his place and did not score in 21 minutes. Jazz backup point guard  Earl Watson , who had a team-high eight assists, suffered a severely sprained ankle in the third quarter and did not return. The Clippers hadn't won in Utah since January of 2003. Billups played in his 999th career game. Paul has recorded at least one steal in a league-high 23 games. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Thursday vs. Denver, Saturday @ Washington, Monday @ Orlando. For the Jazz, Thursday @ Golden State, Saturday vs. L.A. Lakers, Monday @ New York.  