Notebook: Heat 99, Wizards 71 
 
 
 Zachary Paul, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Jan 06, 2013 10:07 PM - Updated Sun Jan 06, 2013 10:07 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:  The Miami Heat defeated the Washington Wizards 99-71 Sunday at AmericanAirlines Arena. 
 
 LeBron James  led the Heat 24 points and seven assists as they rebounded from Friday's loss to the Chicago Bulls. After being out-rebounded badly by the Bulls, the Heat responded by winning the rebounding battle 40-29.  Udonis Haslem  finished with a season-high 12 rebounds.  
 The Heat were ahead most of the game, but took control with midway through the fourth quarter. They closed with a 21-0 run, holding the Wizards scoreless the final 7:07.  
 Guard  Ray Allen  finished with 20 points off the bench, hitting 3 of 4 from 3-point range. Center  Chris Bosh  had 17 points and nine rebounds while  Dwyane Wade  added 14 points.  
 Reserve  Kevin Seraphin  led the Wizards with 14 points.  
 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "That was a good bounce-back game. I really don't believe the score was indicative of how competitive it was. Washington was keeping it pretty tight for a while but for the most part, coming off our last game, it's good to bounce back with this."  --  Heat coach  Erik Spoelstra.    
 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Heat held the Wizards to 35 percent shooting.   
 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Heat closed with a 21-0 run, holding the Wizards scoreless the final 7:07.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "(Rebounding) is a major emphasis every night.  Udonis played 28 minutes. He was the rebounder he's always been, getting 12 rebounds. Everyone else did their job. The biggest thing was coming back. Guys did a great job of boxing out. That enabled us to be able to most of the game stay (ahead) 10, eight until we were able to put it away."  --  Wade on the Heat's rebounding.    
 
 
 
 HOT:  Bosh provided the offensive spark for the Heat. While his scoring was a plus, he was most beneficial on the glass. This was the most active Bosh had been as a rebounder in the past three games.  
 
 
 NOT:   Nene  still continues to work his way back into the lineup after missing much of the season with a foot injury. He has played eight games, but has struggled since returning. He finished just 1 of 6 from the field.  
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  After emphasizing rebounding the past few days, the Heat finally executed it. Bosh and Haslem, who had both struggled of late, turned in solid performances. Miami also got the collective effort it has coveted, with  Mike Miller  and  Mario Chalmers  contributing.  
 
 
 BAD MOVE:  The Wizards got next to nothing from their starting backcourt of  Garrett Temple  and  Bradley Beal . They started by missing 13 of their first 16 shots. Although they defended well, more offense was needed from them to keep pace with the Heat.  
 
 
 NOTABLE:  James has scored at least 20 points in 37 straight regular season games ... Wizards  John Wall  (knee) traveled with the team but isn't expected to return for a few weeks ...The Heat improved to 17-1 when they take a lead into the fourth quarter. 
 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Tuesday @ Pacers, Thursday @ Trail Blazers, Saturday @ Kings. For the Wizards, Monday vs. Thunder, Saturday vs. Hawks, Jan. 14 vs. Magic.  
