Notebook: Celtics 101, Timberwolves 97 
 
 
 Brian Robb, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Dec 17, 2013 12:15 AM - Updated Tue Dec 17, 2013 12:15 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  After Monday's win, The Celtics have defeated the Timberwolves nine consecutive times at the TD Garden, a streak that dates back to the 2004-05 season.  
 
 THE LEAD: Jared Sullinger  scored 15 of his team-high 24 points in the fourth quarter, as the Boston Celtics (12-14) fought back from a late deficit to defeat the Minnesota Timberwolves (12-13), 101-97.  Sullinger also added 11 rebounds in the win, giving him his fourth double-double of the season.  Kevin Love  had a game-high 27 points in the setback, but needed 27 shots to do so. Poor shooting wasn't just a problem for Love, as the visitors struggled shooting the ball all night, hitting just 37.8 percent of their shots and missing 11 free throws.  Avery Bradley  added 19 points for the hosts, as the Celtics took control of the game during closing moments to escape with their eighth victory in their past 12 games.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We just tried to make it difficult. We understand that we're small and we had to play as a group tonight. With Kevin Love playing inside-outside, got big [Pekovic] in there, and  Corey Brewer  likes to leak down and back-cut at times, so we were just protecting the rim as a unit and playing hard." --  Sullinger on limiting Minnesota's offense 
 
 
 THE STAT:  After getting beat up on the glass to the tune of 17 offensive rebounds by the Wolves over the first three quarters, the Celtics toughened up down the stretch in the paint and limited Minnesota to just two offensive rebounds over the final 12 minutes.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Celtics limited the Wolves to just five points over the final 3:47 of the fourth quarter. The visitors shot just 2-for-10 from the field during that stretch, allowing the Celtics to overcome a three-point deficit and earn the victory.   
 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "It's just a disappointing loss. We had every chance to win that game; couldn't make a layup, couldn't make a shot, for our starters it really was a struggle. We just missed too many opportunities that were right there for us." --  Wolves coach   Rick Adelman 
 
 
 HOT:  Bradley -- The fourth-year guard came firing out of the gate after the opening tip, scoring Boston's first six points of the game over the opening 90 seconds. He finished with 10 points of his 19 points in the first quarter.  
 
 NOT:  Minnesota's starting backcourt. Both  Ricky Rubio  and Brewer struggled mightily with their offense, as they combined to shoot a putrid 15 percent (3-for-20) from the field during the loss. They also scored a mere eight points combined.    
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT: J.J. Barea  -- The reserve point guard looked sharp in his return to Boston, where he spent his college days down the road playing at Northeastern. With Rubio struggling, Barea picked up the slack Monday night with his first double-double of the season, finishing with 10 points and a season-high 11 assists.  
 
 ROOKIE WATCH: Vitor Faverani   -- The rookie big man held his own in a matchup with  Nikola Pekovic , tallying six points and five rebounds in just 11 minutes.   
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Coming off the first night of a back-to-back Adelman elected to go deep into his bench in the first half and it paid dividends immediately for the Wolves. The second unit scored 26 of Minnnesota's 50 points in the opening 24 minutes, helping the visitors come back from a nine-point deficit and take the lead in the second half.  
 
 NOTABLE: Kevin Martin  did not play due to a sprained right knee.  Robbie Hummel  started in his place at shooting guard. ... Kris Humphries  returned to the lineup after missing two games for Boston with a bruised right knee. He scored eight points in 21 minutes. ...  Brandon Bass  played just 13 minutes due to foul trouble. ... The loss was Minnesota's fifth game in seven nights. ... The Wolves still have not swept a season series against Boston since the 2000-01 season.   
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Celtics, Wednesday vs. Detroit, Saturday vs. Washington, Sunday @ Indiana. For the Timberwolves, Wednesday vs. Portland, Friday @ LA Lakers, Sunday @ LA Clippers.  
