Notebook: Clippers 111, Celtics 105 
 
 
 Dan Arritt, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Thu Jan 09, 2014 2:12 AM - Updated Thu Jan 09, 2014 2:12 AM 
 
 THE FACT:   The Clippers improved to 12-0 this season when  Jared Dudley  makes at least two 3-pointers.  
 
 THE LEAD:   The Clippers are quickly learning that six weeks without  Chris Paul  might not be such a detrimental thing. L.A. received double-digit scoring from its five starters Wednesday night and didn't back down from the physical play of the desperate Celtics en route to handing them their sixth consecutive loss, 111-105, at Staples Center.  
 
 QUOTABLE:    "We kind of figured out the style we need to play [without Paul]. We've got to get a lot of guys scoring in double figures, we have to run in transition more, we have to attack more."  
 -- Jared Dudley 
 
 
 THE STAT:   The Clippers have 56 assists on 71 field goals in their last two games. 
 
 TURNING POINT:   The outcome looked like it might be settled early as the Clippers (25-13) used an 18-0 first-quarter surge to build a 26-10 lead. The Celtics (13-23) showed some pride, however, and cut the deficit back to single digits by the end of the quarter and five at the half. Boston briefly moved ahead midway through the third quarter and, even when the Celtics went back down by 14 in the fourth quarter, they kept clawing back. After two missed free throws by Dudley with 16 seconds remaining, Boston had a chance to cut the deficit to two points or one, but  Jerryd Bayless  missed a layup with eight seconds remaining and  Willie Green  sealed the win with two free throws. 
 
 HOT:   The Clippers improved to 16-3 at Staples Center for the best home record in the Western Conference.  Blake Griffin  hasn't reached double figures in rebounds in the three games that Paul has missed, but had another solid offensive performance with 29 points on 9-for-14 shooting and eight assists. Griffin had to spend more time than usual playing the center position because of foul trouble to  DeAndre Jordan  but he held his own against the likes of  Jared Sullinger  and  Kris Humphries , even managing to get under their skin. Dudley shot 4-for-6 from 3-point range and is hitting on 50 percent of his tries from beyond the arc this month.  Avery Bradley  and starting backcourt mate  Jordan Crawford  scored 24 points each to lead the Celtics, and  Jeff Gree n  produced his first double-double of the season with 15 points and 11 rebounds.  
 
 NOT:   Sullinger must not have learned much after receiving two flagrant-1 fouls in Tuesday's loss in Denver, picking up another with about 10 minutes left in the game after climbing on Griffin's back as he went up for a dunk. Sullinger had one of his flagrant fouls rescinded by the NBA on Wednesday, but he's back up to five flagrant points, meaning one more and he'll be suspended for at least one game. The Clippers are expected to have shooting guard  J.J. Redick  back from hand and wrist injuries when L.A. hosts the Lakers on Friday and nobody should be more excited than  Jamal Crawford , his replacement in the starting lineup the last 14 games. Crawford, the league's Sixth Man of the Year in 2010 and runner-up last season, has continued to struggle in a starting role, shooting 38.2 in the previous nine games before shooting 8-for-26 against the Celtics. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:   "The frustrating part is you work on shots all the time and they go in-and-out, but you have to stay aggressive. You're teammates and coaching staff believes in you."   
 -- Jamal Crawford 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:   Griffin seemed like he was on a mission to punish Humphries and Sullinger all night. Humphries was a game-time decision after missing Tuesday's matchup with Denver with a sprained ankle, but ended up getting the starting nod over Sullinger. With about four minutes left in the third quarter, Griffin rose up for a dunk and Humphries decided to stand his ground in front of basket. Griffin kept rising and Humphries kept standing, eventually absorbing Griffin, his slam and the follow-through in one of Griffin's most classic dunks. Jordan Crawford thought he'd try and one-up Griffin on the other end, but Griffin also stood his ground and was awarded with a charging call on Crawford. 
 
 BAD MOVE:   Late in the third quarter, Celtics coach  Brad Stevens  decided to try something a lot of teams have attempted against the Clippers, intentionally foul Jordan, a 42.1 percent free throw shooter for his career. Only problem was Green committed the foul and that was his fifth, forcing him out of the game for the final minute of the third and first 3 ½ minutes of the fourth, a critical stretch for Green to be out of the game. Celtics rookie forward  Kelly Olynyk  will likely catch some flack on the team bus after shooting back-to-back air balls in the first half, the first of which was a runner in the lane that missed so bad it went over the backboard. 
 
 NOTABLE:    The Clippers shot 11-for-30 overall from 3-point range, improving to 24-2 when making at least 11 in a game. 
 
 UP NEXT:   For the Clippers, Friday vs. L.A. Lakers, Wednesday vs. Dallas, Jan. 17 @ New York. For the Celtics, Friday @ Golden State, Saturday @ Portland, Monday vs. Houston. 
