  Kings-Sixers notebook   By Andy Jasner, for NBA.com Posted Sunday March 27, 2011 4:19PM THE FACTS: Marcus Thornton  scored 32 points and  Samuel Dalembert  shined in his first game in Philadelphia against his former team with 13 points and 19 rebounds as the Sacramento Kings stunned the 76ers, 114-111, in overtime on Sunday. All five Kings starters scored in double figures and seven players overall accomplished the feat.  Jason Thompson  contributed a double-double off the bench with 15 points and 11 rebounds. The Kings (20-52) finished their five-game road trip with an impressive 4-1 mark. All five Sixers starters also scored in double figures led by  Jrue Holiday  with 28 points.  Jodie Meeks  scored 22 points, but the Sixers stumbled down the stretch in overtime. The Sixers fell to 37-36 but remain in the sixth spot in the Eastern Conference playoff race. QUOTABLE:  "We know our record is not very good. We always felt we had a good team. We're learning. We're becoming a good defensive team and we're sorting things out."  --  Kings coach  Paul Westphal. THE STAT:  The Kings outrebounded Philadelphia 58-36. TURNING POINT:  After the Sixers briefly took a 107-106 lead late in overtime, the Kings responded with five straight points -- a 3-pointer by  Beno Udrih  and a jumper by  DeMarcus Cousins  to go ahead 111-107 with 1:01 left. HOT:  Thornton was fabulous in hitting 11-of-21 from the field, 4-of-6 from 3-point territory and 6-of-7 from the free throw line. NOT: Lou Williams  missed 11 of his 12 shots, though he did knock a crucial 3-pointer at the buzzer in regulation to force overtime. QUOTABLE II:  "We could easily have folded the tent with how things were going. Hats off to our guys. We stayed in there and came up with a huge win."  --  Thornton on falling behind by 12 points in the first half. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Not only did Holiday score 28 points, he added nine rebounds and seven assists. INSIDE THE ARENA:  There was a large crowd for this noon tip-off at the Wells Fargo Center. The Sixers were promoting mascot  Hip-Hop's  birthday and that attracted plenty of kids. Great idea. The fans were into the action, especially as it got tight down the stretch. QUOTABLE III:  "We played with fire today. We got burned."  --  Sixers coach  Doug Collins  on the loss. GOOD MOVE:  Westphal kept Dalembert on the court and the center changed a number of Sixers' shots in the lane. In overtime, Dalembert was solid defensively. He also made a pair of huge free throws to help seal the victory. BAD MOVE: Andre Iguodala  took too many crucial shots for the Sixers. Collins has consistently said he's going to put the ball in Iguodala's hands. Yet Iguodala missed six of his 10 free throws and a couple of big shots at the end of regulation and in overtime. ROOKIE WATCH: Evan Turner,  the Sixers' No. 2 overall pick from Ohio State, finished with five points in 20 minutes. Cousins had 12 points, seven rebounds and six assists while  Pooh Jeter  was scoreless in less than a minute for the Kings. NOTABLE:  The Sixers dropped to 2-7 in overtime this season. It is their most overtime games since playing 14 all the way back in 1990-91. NEXT:  For the Kings, Tuesday vs. Phoenix, Wednesday @ Denver, Friday vs. Denver. For the Sixers, Monday @ Chicago, Wednesday vs. Houston, Friday vs. New Jersey.  