
 Heat-Sixers notebook   By Andy Jasner, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday October 27, 2010 10:41PM THE FACTS:  The Heat didn't have a hangover effect from their season-opening loss at Boston on Tuesday with a resounding 97-87 victory over the Philadelphia 76ers. Miami didn't appear tired in the second leg of a back-to-back on the road with  Dwyane Wade  leading the way. Wade scored 30 points and  James Jones  added 20.  LeBron James  had 16. QUOTABLE:  "When  Mike Miller  went out, James Jones took it upon himself to step up. He went to his spots on the court and let it go when we found him. We have a lot of trust in James to make shots."   -- Wade, on Jones' 20-point night, including six 3-pointers. THE STAT:  The five Sixers starters --  Jason Kapono ,  Elton Brand ,  Spencer Hawes ,  Andre Iguodala  and  Jrue Holiday  -- didn't attempt a free throw the entire game. TURNING POINT:  Miami broke open a 51-43 lead with a 25-8 run to take a 76-51 lead late in the third. The Heat outscored Philadelphia 31-13 in the third to go ahead by 26 points. HOT:  Jones was sensational off the bench as he hit four consecutive 3-pointers in the second quarter. Jones was 7-for-10 with 20 points overall. NOT:  Kapono had just two points on 1-for-4 shooting for the Sixers. QUOTABLE II:  "I liked how we kept fighting and never gave up. Even when we were down big, we kept going and coming back. While we lost the game, I liked the fight that we showed."   -- Brand, on the Sixers closing the gap to eight in the final minute. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:   Thaddeus Young  was a bright spot for the Sixers with 15 points in 26 minutes. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Flyers stars  Mike Richards  and  Jeff Carter  attended the game. The Flyers lost to the Chicago Blackhawks in six hard-fought games in last year's Stanley Cup Finals. Eagles running back  LeSean McCoy  and rapper  Ludacris  were also in attendance. GOOD MOVE:  Miami took full advantage of the Sixers' weakness in the middle. The Heat didn't just settle for jumpers. Instead, they consistently drove to the basket and knocked down 23-for-31 free throws. BAD MOVE:   Andres Nocioni  was very effective off the Sixers' bench with five points in the first half. But the scrappy forward was on the bench for much of the Heat's third-quarter run. When Nocioni re-entered in the fourth, the game was out of reach for the Sixers. ROOKIE WATCH:   Evan Turner , the Sixers' No. 2 overall pick from Ohio State, converted his first NBA field goal with 9:54 left in the second quarter. Turner showed flashes of his ability with a crossover and jumper with Wade guarding him in the fourth. Turner finished with a team-best 16 points, seven rebounds and four assists. NOTABLE:  The Sixers finished last in the league in defending the 3-point line last season. This was a trouble spot again in the opener as the Heat hit 8-for-16 from beyond the arc. UP NEXT:  The Heat will play their first home game against the visiting Orlando Magic on Friday. The Sixers will remain at home to face the Atlanta Hawks on Friday. 
