Notebook: Rockets 107, Pelicans 98 
 
 
 Matt Miller, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Dec 29, 2013 1:34 AM - Updated Sun Dec 29, 2013 1:49 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Houston Rockets have earned three consecutive victories over divisional opponents for the first time since December 2009 after defeating San Antonio, Memphis and New Orleans in the last four nights.  
 
 THE LEAD:   Dwight Howard  scored 24 points and grabbed 18 rebounds to lead five starters in double figures for the Rockets, whose late surge was enough to inch past the Pelicans 107-98 on Saturday at Toyota Center.  James Harden  netted 11 of his 21 points in the fourth quarter, while  Jeremy Lin  chipped in 10 of his own in the final period for Houston (21-11), which has won three consecutive games and 11 of 13 at home.  Terrence Jones  finished with 17 points on 6-for-8 shooting and eight rebounds, including one massive defensive board that swung the momentum in the Rockets' favor.  
 
 Ryan Anderson  led the Pelicans (13-15), who had a two-game win streak snapped while losing on the road for the fifth time in their last six away affairs. The lanky  Anthony Davis  held his own in his matchup with the brawny Howard, pouring in 18 points to go with 16 boards.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "That's what I'm here for, just to be a playmaker and finish games off. ... Our first three quarters, we weren't great. We just stuck around. ... In the fourth quarter, when the time was right, we just did everything that we needed to do to win." 
 -- James Harden  
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Rockets attempted 24 more free throws than New Orleans and finished with a 19-point edge at the charity stripe. The Pelicans were also whistled for 14 more personal fouls than Houston (25-11).  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "Anything I say is going to get me in trouble, so I'll just leave it at that -- 32 to eight." 
 -- New Orleans coach  Monty Williams  on the free-throw disparity  
 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Pelicans held a 92-88 lead with possession with less than six minutes remaining when Jones ripped a rebound away from  Tyreke Evans  and converted a three-point play on the other end of the court. The hard-nosed, assertive play energized the struggling Rockets, who proceeded to put together a 13-3 run that gave them a 101-95 advantage. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "Terrence had a huge play on the rebound and coast-to-coast that kind of got the crowd back into it. Jeremy hit a 3 after that. We finally started to get some mojo going." 
 -- Houston coach  Kevin McHale 
 
 
 HOT:  The Rockets' starting frontcourt of Jones, Howard and  Chandler Parsons  terrorized the Pelicans' weak interior defense. The trio teamed up for 60 points on 22-for-30 (73.3 percent) shooting and 33 rebounds.  
 
 NOT:  Harden and  Francisco Garcia 's combined 1-for-11 shooting from 3-point range spearheaded a dismal 6-for-26 (23.1 percent) performance from behind the arc for the Rockets. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Lin did not let his struggles in the first three periods keep him from remaining aggressive in the fourth quarter. The fourth-year guard poured in all 10 of his points in the final 12 minutes, playing a pivotal role in keeping New Orleans from pulling away before Houston could rally in the closing minutes.    
 
 BAD MOVE:  Howard was careless with the ball throughout the evening and a tad too physical in the post at times, leading the 6-foot-10 center to commit a season-worst eight turnovers. 
 
 NOTABLE:  New Orleans played without starting shooting guard  Eric Gordon  (right hip contusion) for the second game in a row, but big man  Jason Smith  returned to action after missing the last three games with a bone bruise in his right knee.  Anthony Morrow  started for Gordon in Friday's win over Denver, but Williams elected to start  Brian Roberts  at shooting guard against Houston. ... Howard picked up his fifth technical foul of the season in the second quarter for voicing his displeasure over an official's decision to call a travel on Howard when he thought he was fouled by Anderson.  Aaron Brooks  added to Houston's technical-foul count when he slammed the ball against the glass in frustration after he was whistled for traveling midway through the fourth period. ... Hall of Famer and Rockets legend  Moses Malone  watched Saturday's contest from a courtside seat. ... Houston has won five consecutive meetings with New Orleans at Toyota Center. ... The Rockets have won 34 of 41 December home games dating back to 2008. ... Houston is 4-0 when playing the first game of a back-to-back set at Toyota Center. ... Evans has dished out an average of 9.4 assists in his last four appearances. ... The Pelicans have reached 28 assists in three straight games. ... New Orleans fell to 1-12 against teams with a winning record. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Pelicans: Monday vs. Portland, Wednesday @ Minnesota, Friday @ Boston. For the Rockets: Sunday @ Oklahoma City, Tuesday vs. Sacramento, Friday vs. New York. 
