  Notebook: Celtics 94, Nets 82 Posted Sunday April 15, 2012 12:09AM By Jake Appleman, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  In a tale of two halves, the Boston Celtics played the Nets even in the first and dominated them in the second, as they coasted to a 94-82 win at Prudential Center.  Kevin Garnett  (21 points, 12 rebounds) and  Brandon Bass  (18 points, 11 rebounds) formed a impressive interior tandem while  Paul Pierce  (17 points) and  Avery Bradley  (18 points) contributed clutch baskets from the perimeter and off of penetration.  Rajon Rondo  tallied 15 assists to continue his historic run (21 straight games of double-digit assists). The former Celtic  Gerald Green  led the Nets with 15 points. QUOTABLE:  "He has found the fountain of youth. He can shoot, he can pass, he rebounds, he plays pick-and-roll defense, he blocks shots, and he is doing it all right now. Garnett and Bass are a really good combination at four and five and that's why they will have a chance come playoff time."   --  Nets head coach  Avery Johnson , on Garnett. THE STAT:  The Celtics' stifling defense held the Nets to 54 points in the game's final three quarters. TURNING POINT:  The Celtics scored the first nine points of the third quarter. Garnett and Bass began the run by slamming home dunks and Pierce converted a free throw off a technical foul on Johnson. Bradley's midrange jumper then forced Johnson to call timeout. Back-to-back threes from Bradley late in the quarter pushed the lead to 12, as one Avery forced another to call timeout twice in under five minutes of game action. The Celtics' dominant third quarter killed any momentum the Nets had heading into halftime, when Green sank an improbable three at the buzzer. QUOTABLE II:  "Avery made two big threes for us, but the three was huge because it stretched the game open for us."   --  Celtics head coach  Doc Rivers . INSIDE THE ARENA: Deron Williams  wasn't wrong. It felt like a road game for the Nets. Large contingents of Celtics fans made their collective presence felt, cheering for Boston baskets and dotting the Prudential Center with enough green to spark an environmental protection rally. When Garnett checked out midway through the fourth quarter, he received a noticeable ovation...Singer/songwriter  John Legend  sat courtside. ROOKIE WATCH: Jordan Williams  tallied a career-high 14 rebounds for the Nets while  MarShon Brooks  scored 13 points but struggled with his shot (6-17).  Greg Stiemsma  was excellent in his role off the Celtics' bench with six points and nine rebounds. QUOTABLE III:  "He's gotten better in the last month. He's in shape now. He's got the hazing out of the way. He's been yelled at so he's got thicker skin and now he's just out there playing and things don't bother him anymore."   --  Deron Williams, on the maturation of Jordan Williams. NOTABLE:  The Nets jumped out to a 28-22 lead after one quarter, thanks to eight assists from Deron Williams and efficient scoring from  DeShawn Stevenson , Jordan Williams and  Kris Humphries . The quarter featured a 21-8 Nets run...Williams only had six assists the rest the way and was out-assisted by Rondo 15-14. UP NEXT:  For the Celtics, Sunday @ Charlotte, Tuesday @ New York, Wednesday vs. Orlando. For the Nets, Monday vs. Miami, Wednesday vs. New York, Saturday @ Milwaukee.  