Notebook: Bobcats 102, Knicks 97 
 
 
 Adam Zagoria, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Nov 05, 2013 11:14 PM - Updated Tue Nov 05, 2013 11:14 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  Former Knicks assistant coach  Steve Clifford  led Charlotte to a win in his return to Madison Square Garden as the Bobcats' head coach. 
 
 THE LEAD: Kemba Walker  starred in his homecoming to New York, putting up 25 points, six assists and five rebounds as the Bobcats beat the Knicks 102-97 at Madison Square Garden.  Gerald Henderson  added 18 points and eight rebounds and New Jersey native  Michael Kidd-Gilchrist  had 16 and five. 
 
 Carmelo Anthony  led the Knicks (1-3) with 32 points on 10-for-28 shooting,  Metta World Peace  added 18 points and  Raymond Felton  and  Iman Shumpert  scored 14 apiece. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I love to beat the Knicks but it's just another win. We just love to win. We try to win as much as possible. But it's always fun coming back home and playing in front of family and friends."  
 
 -- Walker 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Bobcats outrebounded the Knicks 51-33. Charlotte had 16 offensive rebounds that they converted into 25 second-chance points. The Knicks had 22 defensive rebounds. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  A 3-pointer by Anthony cut the Knicks' deficit to 99-96 with 16.2 seconds left. Shumpert was fouled by Walker and made one of two foul shots to cut it it to 99-97, but Henderson added two free throws to make it 101-97 with 13.5 ticks left.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "Our defense, it stinks right now ... we gotta get it fixed."  
 
 -- Knicks coach  Mike Woodson 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Clifford said he wants to give his best players the most minutes, and focused on playing Kidd-Gilchrist, Henderson and  Jeff Taylor  on the wing. They combined for 47 points and 20 rebounds. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Woodson opted to bring the hobbled  Amar'e Stoudemire  off the bench at power forward and he contributed two points, three rebounds and five turnovers with one technical foul in 11 minutes while getting booed at times. Two of his three shots were blocked.  Kenyon Martin  was supposed to rest but Woodson was forced to start him in the second half with  Tyson Chandler  injured. Fans cheered when Martin replaced Stoudemire in the second half. 
 
 HOT:  In his return home, Walker looked like the best player on the court for much of the game. He shot 7-for-9 for 17 points in the first half and finished 9-for-20. He drained a fallaway jumper over Martin with 48 seconds left that pushed the lead to 97-91 and then hit one of two foul shots in the final seconds to ice the win. 
 
 NOT: Andrea Bargnani  went 2-for-5 for six points with two rebounds in 23 minutes. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Knicks center Tyson Chandler left the game in the first quarter after injuring his right knee in a collision with Walker. Chandler limped to the locker room with his right knee wrapped and did not return. The Knicks said X-rays were inconclusive and a diagnosis will be given after further tests. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "We don't know the severity yet. We'll know more tomorrow morning. He' s a big piece to what we do. We just gotta wait till tomorrow morning to see the diagnosis."  
 
 -- Woodson on Chandler 
 
 
 NOTABLE II:  The Knicks are without  J.R. Smith  for the first five games of the season while he serves a drug suspension. He is eligible to return Sunday vs. San Antonio and Woodson said he "possibly could be" in the starting lineup. Previously, Woodson said Smith would be in an open competition with  Iman Shumpert  for the two guard spot: "Bottom line, I'm going to have to make a decision and we're going to have to live with it," Woodson said. 
 
 NOTABLE III:  Woodson said the Knicks will "keep an eye on"  Jeremy Tyler , now with their D-League franchise, adding he "possibly could be in a Knicks uniform" going forward. The Knicks waived Tyler before the season began. 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  Ed Burns sat courtside. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Friday @ Charlotte, Sunday vs. San Antonio, Wednesday @ Atlanta. For the Bobcats, Wednesday vs. Toronto, Friday vs. New York, Monday vs. Atlanta. 
