  Notebook: Hawks 97, Celtics 92 Posted Saturday April 21, 2012 12:58AM By Matt Winkeljohn, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The Hawks got what they were looking for Friday night when  Joe Johnson  scored 30 points to lead Atlanta past the visiting Celtics 97-92 for a leg up on the possibility of earning home-court advantage over Boston in a first-round playoff matchup. But Atlanta head coach  Larry Drew  and his players were not very happy about the way they won, nor letting Boston guard  Avery Bradley  score a career-high 28 points in the process. The Celtics left  Rajon Rondo, Ray Allen  and  Mickael Pietrus  in Boston with injuries, and perennial All-Stars  Kevin Garnett  and  Paul Pierce  made the trip to Atlanta only to have head coach Doc Rivers decide to rest them after playing 11 games in 15 days. Still, Boston was within a single point of the Hawks five times in the fourth quarter.  Keyon Dooling  pulled the Celtics to 87-86 on a lay-up with 2:33 left in the game, but that would be the last time Boston drew so close. Johnson had a three-point play at the other end with 1:56 remaining, and the Hawks closed out the C's from there. Josh Smith  had 19 points and 12 rebounds for the Hawks. Dooling had 17 points for Boston, which played without three starters plus its top two leading scorers off the bench (Allen and Pietrus). The Hawks (38-25) have the fourth-best record in the East and will play host to the No. 5 Celtics (37-27) when the playoffs open if their positions hold in the standings and Atlanta ends up with a better record. If Boston pulls even with Atlanta or passes the Hawks' record, they will have home court by virtue of winning the Atlantic Division (Atlanta cannot catch Miami for a division title) and by beating the Hawks in two of three games this season. QUOTABLE:  "It was very sloppy on our part. Whether Boston lost . . . they accomplished what they wanted -- to have reserves come out and compete at a high level and take us down to the wire."  --  Drew, who admitted that he thought about leaving Johnson and Smith on the bench in the fourth quarter for rest (like Rivers) only to bring them back because the possibility of moving closer to a first-round home-court edge. QUOTABLE II:  "They [the Celtics] had nothing to lose, and played loose. For us, it definitely sits a little uneasy."  --  Joe   Johnson, who remembers none too fondly the Hawks losing a home game earlier this season when the Heat did not play superstars  LeBron James  and  Dwyane Wade . THE STAT:  49-14. That was the scoring differential between Atlanta starting forwards  Josh Smith  and Joe Johnson and Boston's  Brandon Bass  (10 points) and  Sasha Pavlovic  (4). TURNING POINT:  Unless you count Rivers' decision to rest all those players, there wasn't one, really. Boston's only lead came at 5-4 on a Dooling 3-pointer early in the game. QUOTABLE III:  "Even though we didn't win, I felt like we took steps forward as a team tonight. We still need to keep improving, and most importantly stay healthy. This break coming up will give us a chance to get some rest and also get some practice time."  --  Bradley, whose previous career high was 23 points (twice). HOT:  Both teams made 23-of-38 shots (60.5 percent) in the first half, when Johnson scored 23 points on 9-for-12 shooting with 3-of-4 3-pointers. Avery scored 17 in the first half on 8-for-13 shooting. Each man scored 12 in the first quarter, and Bradley added 11 in the third. NOT:  Bass made just 4-of-15 shots. . . . Josh Smith had a nice game (19 points, 12 rebounds, three blocked shots and three steals) other than a whopping seven turnovers. Boston outscored Atlanta 25-14 in points off turnovers (Atlanta coughed it up 19 times, Boston 12). ROOKIE UPDATE: Greg Stiemsma  started at center for Boston, and scored on his only two shot attempts. But he played just 9:35, and as he's been bothered most of the season by foot problems, Rivers said that the rookie from Wisconsin needs to be more honest with team officials about how much his feet are bothering him. . . . Boston's  E'Twaun Moore  and  JaJuan Johnson  -- former teammates at Purdue -- both played much more than usual. Moore made just 1-of-5 shots, but his 3-pointer late in the third quarter pulled the Celtics to within a point. Johnson, a forward had four points and a rebound in 14:59. NOTABLE:  Bradley is a point guard by training, but has played shooting guard for several weeks since Allen began battling ankle problems. He moved into Rondo's point spot Friday, and the Hawks couldn't slow him down as he made 12-of-22 shots. . . . Boston requested waivers on center-forward  Jermaine O'Neal  to make room on the roster to sign center-forward  Sean Williams  from Texas of the D-League. He was drafted 17th overall by the Nets in 2007. . . . Hawks center  Zaza Pachulia  missed his fourth straight game with a sprained left foot. In his absence,  Jason Collins  scored a season-high eight points and grabbed seven rebounds with four assists. UP NEXT:  For the Celtics, Tuesday vs. the Heat, Thursday vs. the Bucks. For the Hawks, Sunday vs. the Knicks, Tuesday vs. the Clippers, Thursday vs. the Mavericks.  