  Cavaliers-Nuggets notebook   By Sam Amico, for NBA.com Posted Friday January 28, 2011 11:35PM THE FACTS: Carmelo Anthony  isn't playing like a man who wants to get out of Denver. Anthony scored 33 points and grabbed seven rebounds, leading the Nuggets to their fourth straight win, 117-103 over host Cleveland on Friday. More than that, Anthony seemed to hit every meaningful shot to help the Nuggets thwart the Cavaliers' many comeback attempts.  Aaron Afflalo  added 23 points for the Nuggets (28-18). Meanwhile, the Cavs (8-38) tied a franchise record with their 19th straight loss, set during the 1981-82 season. QUOTABLE:  "I don't know many NBA games where you keep a 20-point lead the whole game, especially on the road. The Cavs played hard and took advantage of it in the third quarter. Fortunately, we made enough plays in the fourth quarter to win it."   -- Nuggets coach  George Karl THE STAT:  43 percent. That's what the Nuggets shot on 3-pointers, knocking down 10 of 23. Afflalo and  Chauncey Billups  were particularly impressive, combining to go 7-for-13 on threes. Billups also hit a biggie midway through the fourth quarter, not long after the Cavs cut the margin to six. TURNING POINT:  It's hard to find a specific moment when the Nuggets really turned it on, as they never trailed and held a 31-24 lead at the end of the first quarter (and 70-50 at halftime). But that's really is what made this victory so impressive -- as they made every important basket, and even their few letdowns weren't that bad. QUOTABLE II:  "We are not forgetting what it takes [to win], we know what it takes. I think at some point, everyone in this locker room has been a winner in their career. Myself personally, I came to two 60-plus win seasons. So I just hate losing."  --  Cavs forward  J.J. Hickson HOT:  Nuggets second-year point guard  Ty Lawson  continues to show he is learning to run an NBA team and may be worthy of being a starter in this league. He finished with an underrated 15 points, five assists and four boards. ... For the Cavs, Hickson was 10-for-12 shooting for 24 points. He also grabbed a game-high 14 rebounds. NOT:  Though no fault of his own, Nuggets center  Nene  played just 8 minutes and 45 seconds and scored seven points. The reason? A strained calf that also forced him to miss the previous game in Detroit. His status is day-to-day. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Cavs point guard  Ramon Sessions  continues to put up strong numbers, finishing with 14 points and a game-high 13 assists. If he's still available in your fantasy league, pick him up now. After all, regular starter  Mo Williams  (hip) isn't due to return for at least another two weeks. NOTABLE:  The Cavs will have to try to avoid setting the franchise record for consecutive losses on the road, as they travel to Orlando on Sunday. After that, it's a game on Monday against  LeBron James  and the Heat. ... The NBA record for consecutive losses in a season is 23, set by the then-Vancouver Grizzlies in 1995-96. Cavs coach  Byron Scott  was a member of that team. ... To be fair, Scott also owns three championship rings from his days with the Lakers in the 1980s, and coached New Jersey to back-to-back Finals appearances earlier this decade. UP NEXT:  For the Nuggets, Sunday @ Philadelphia, Monday @ New Jersey, Wednesday vs. Portland. For the Cavaliers, Sunday @ Orlando, Monday @ Miami, Wednesday vs. Indiana.  