  Raptors-Celtics notebook   By Brian Robb, for NBA.com Posted Friday January 7, 2011 11:11PM THE FACTS:  The Boston Celtics exploded offensively in the first half, on their way to roaring past the Toronto Raptors 122-102 for their 3,000 overall victory as an NBA franchise.  Paul Pierce  led six Celtics players in double figures as they shot a staggering 57.5 percent from the field. Ray Allen continued his hot shooting with 17 points, and rookie  Luke Harangody  posted the first double-double of his NBA career with 17 points and 11 rebounds.  DeMar DeRozan  paced six Raptors that also scored in double digits with 20 points. QUOTABLE:  "That's the great thing about this team and the great thing about playing for [ Doc] Rivers . Its that confidence to go out and do that. If I have a shot, take it. A lot of other teams you don't get that as a rookie."   -Harangody on the benefits  of being a Celtic  THE STAT : The Raptors had no answer for the Celtic offense early on as Boston scored a season-high 67 first half points. Four different players scored in double figures in those first 24 minutes alone, as Boston shot 65.7 percent overall while cruising to 22-point lead before heading into the locker room. TURNING POINT:  After leading by just one point midway through the first quarter, Boston hit five consecutive shots to spark a 10-2 run. The stretch helped the Celtics push their lead into double-digits by the end of the first quarter as Toronto never got closer than 12 the rest of the way. QUOTABLE II:  "He's going to fight, he's used to do whatever he needs to do for you. And the guys appreciate that, honestly. They love effort. And that's why they like him so much. Because they see the effort everyday."   -Rivers on Harangody HOT : Allen -- The C's sharpshooter has started the new year on a high note. Two nights after shooting a scorching 81 percent from the field, Allen hit six of his eight attempts Friday, giving him a 79 percent overall clip from the field in his past two games (19-of-24), including 66 percent from downtown. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Pierce continues to have one his best campaigns of his storied Celtics career under the radar. He stuffed the box score once again Friday night with 20 points, five rebounds, four steals, and just one turnover, while shooting a career best 51 percent from the field. GOOD MOVE : Rivers spoke before the game about deciding to boost Harangody's minutes in place of rookie Semih Erden, theorizing that Harangody gave the team "more energy." The 23-year-old rookie lived up to the billing and paid immediate dividends for Rivers by hitting his first five shots of the game, helping Boston stretch out their double-digit lead. ROOKIE WATCH:  With a backlog of injuries in the frontcourt, rookie  Ed Davis  continues to log major minutes for the Raptors. The former Tar Heel tallied 8 points and 2 boards off the bench in an uneventful 23 minutes of action. NOTABLE:  Entertaining exchange between Pierce and Allen in 1st quarter, as Allen, the 90 percent career free throw shooter, had to playfully fight off Pierce before taking a technical foul free throw. Allen missed two crucial free throws in the team's Wednesday night win over San Antonio. Kevin Garnett continues to progress in his rehabilitation from a right calf injury. He could play as soon as Monday night against Houston. Injured center Kendrick Perkins also spoke to reporters before the game regarding his right ACL injury. He hopes to practice with the team next week. Tonight's victory came Boston the victory in the season series 3-1. The Celtics tied a season high with 14 offensive rebounds and had 22-second chance points. The C's outscored Toronto in the paint 54-44 and outrebounded 43-31 overall. Jermaine O'Neal sat out the second half for Boston due to a sore knee. Rivers tied K.C. Jones for the 3rd most wins as a coach in Celtics history with 308. UP NEXT : For the Raptors, Sunday vs. Sacramento, Wednesday vs. Atlanta, Friday vs. Detroit. For the Celtics, Saturday @ Chicago, Monday vs. Houston Wednesday vs. Sacramento.  