Notebook: Pelicans 111, Pistons 106 (OT) 
 
 
 Bradley Handwerger, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Thu Dec 12, 2013 12:10 AM - Updated Thu Dec 12, 2013 12:10 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  For the fourth time in the past six seasons, New Orleans (10-10) is at .500 or better after 20 games and in two of the previous three times it has achieved this, it has reached the playoffs. 
 
 THE LEAD:    Ryan Anderson  was quiet for much of the first 48 minutes of New Orleans' Wednesday night game against Detroit. But his presence was more than welcomed by the Pelicans in overtime, where he scored eight of the team's 15 points, leading New Orleans past the Pistons 111-106. 
 For the fifth time this season, New Orleans (10-10) is on the precipice getting above .500. 
 After leading for much of the game, a 13-point fourth quarter nearly doomed New Orleans. After Anderson's 3-pointer sailed wide with 27 seconds to play, Detroit (10-13) had two shots to win the game after coming all the way back to tie it at 96-96.  
 First  Brandon Jennings  missed a 22-foot jumper. Detroit's  Josh Smith  then came up with an offensive rebound and got the ball back to Jennings, but his 29-foot shot fell harmlessly away from the basket, sending the game into overtime. 
 Four times throughout the first three quarters, New Orleans pushed its lead to double digits, twice to 12 points. But each time, the Pelicans couldn't maintain the lead. 
 Anderson and  Jason Smith  led New Orleans with 22 points, with Smith adding a career-high 16 rebounds.  
 The Pelicans, missing  Anthony Davis  with a broken finger, welcomed back forward/guard  Tyreke Evans , who left their last game early after spraining his left ankle. He was able to go early, though, and finished with 14 points off the bench, including two important free throws in overtime. 
 For Detroit,  Greg Monroe  poured in a game-high 28 points and grabbed 10 rebounds in his return trip to his hometown. Jennings added 25 points and  Rodney Stuckey  had 20 off the bench. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "In the huddle before overtime started, I told our guys look, we have equity here. We know how to handle this. No need to try to figure out something tricky to win this game. Got to go out there and defend better and guys got to step up and make plays. And that's what happened." 
 -- Pelicans coach  Monty Williams 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Detroit entered the game tops in the league in offensive rebounding and eighth in total rebounding. And the Pistons nearly hit their average marks, with 15 offensive boards and 43 total rebounds. But New Orleans outhustled Detroit and finished with 16 offensive rebounds and 51 total boards, seven more than its season average. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Monroe, all alone on the offensive end, gave Detroit a 103-102 lead with less than two minutes to play in overtime. But then Anderson connected on his second 3-pointer of the extra period. A timeout was followed by a quick Holiday steal of Detroit's Jennings and the Pelicans salted away the game. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We lost track of him in overtime. With a guy like that, you can't give him one second to get that shot off. It's tough. We did a good job most of the game, but he hurt us in overtime." 
 -- Greg Monroe on Ryan Anderson 
 
 
 NOT:  Pelicans'  Austin Rivers  played a season-high 18 minutes Wednesday, but he didn't repay his coaches for placing faith in him to do much better than the benched  Brian Roberts . Rivers went just 1-for-7 and finished with a plus-minus of minus-16. He had just four points. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Monty Williams allowed Evans to test out his injured left ankle during Wednesday morning's shoot around. The gamble appeared to pay off as Evans, who was supposed to be out 1-2 weeks with an ankle injury, played more than 24 minutes and finished shooting 4-for-7 from the floor and 6-for-6 from the free-throw line. 
 
 NOTABLE:   Jason Smith tied a season high with 22 points. ... Monroe's 28 points tied a season high for the Detroit forward. ... Detroit outscored the Pelicans 56-38 in the paint, taking advantage of New Orleans' relative lack of size in the middle with Davis out. ... New Orleans is now 3-1 against the Eastern Conference's Central Division, with each game going down to the wire. After losing by five to Indiana, the Pelicans have beaten Cleveland by four points, Chicago by three in triple overtime and Detroit by five in overtime. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Pelicans, Friday vs. Memphis, Sunday @ Denver, Tuesday @ Golden State. For the Pistons, Friday vs. Brooklyn, Sunday vs. Portland, Monday @ Indiana. 
