
 Pacers-Jazz notebook   By  Andrew Aragon, for NBA.com Posted Thursday December 2, 2010 12:43AM THE FACTS :  Deron Williams  scored 24 points, dished a season-high 16 assists and committed no turnovers to lead the Utah Jazz to a 110-88 win over the Indiana Pacers on Wednesday night. The victory stretched Utah's current winning streak to seven, while Indiana had its four-game road win streak halted at four.  Al   Jefferson  had his eighth double-double of the season with 17 points and 10 rebounds for the Jazz.  Darren Collison  had 16 points to lead the Pacers. QUOTABLE:  "Deron's playing terrific. This stretch is probably as well as I have seen him play. He has just had some tremendous games for us, almost like you expect every one of them to be that way." --  Jazz coach  Jerry Sloan  on Williams' play on Wednesday and in recent games. THE STAT:  18. The Pacers committed 18 turnovers, which were way too many against a team as hot as the Jazz. Utah turned those 18 turnovers into 26 points. TURNING POINT:  The Jazz were able to pull away from the Pacers with a 9-0 surge to close the third quarter. Williams did most of the work, making a reverse layup, converting a three-point play and sinking two free throws. The run put Utah up 85-68. The Jazz were in control early in the game after building a 19-point lead late in the first quarter. Indiana got within three points early in the third quarter but couldn't get any closer. QUOTABLE II : "Turnovers and rebounds -- that was the difference in the game. It's that simple. It was a huge turnover differential (26-7) and a huge rebounding differential (46-32). You go on the road and you can not have that, and you lose." -- Pacers coach  Jim O'Brien  on what plagued his team against the Jazz. HOT:  Williams was 9-for-9 in two-point attempts. For Indiana, Roy Hibbert shot 6-for-8 and scored 15 points. NOT : Indiana leading scorer  Danny Granger  had an off-shooting night. Although he finished with 14 points, he missed eight of his first 10 shots. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Jazz forward  Andrei Kirilenko  is a spot starter for fantasy owners. He rewarded those who had him in their lineup on Wednesday with a big night. He had 18 points -- six more than his average -- and seven rebounds, two steals, one blocked shot and one assist. INSIDE THE ARENA:  The EnergySolutions Arena crowd observed a moment of silence prior to tipoff in honor of Sherry Black. Black, the mother-in-law of Jazz CEO Greg Miller, was found stabbed to death in a bookstore she owned on Tuesday. GOOD MOVE:  Williams took charge at the outset of the game and didn't let up. He had a double-double in the first half with 12 points and 10 assists, and then was instrumental in the Jazz pulling away late in the third quarter. BAD MOVE:  Indiana's  Brandon Rush  was on fire early in the game, but the Pacers stopped getting him shot attempts. He made his first three baskets in the first quarter and sank a 3-pointer with 3:51 left in the second quarter. But he went cold after the Pacers ignored their hot hand, and he took just two shots in the third quarter. He finished with 15 points after scoring 11 of them in the first half. ROOKIE WATCH:  Jazz rookie  Gordon Hayward , an Indiana native, was playing against the team he rooted for as a kid. But Sloan isn't the sentimental type, and only played him the final 2:17 of the game. Hayward made a 3-pointer with 13.1 seconds remaining, and got a standing ovation from the crowd. He couldn't hold back a smile. NOTABLE:  The Jazz are 8-0 against the Eastern Conference. It was the second time in Williams' career that he had 16 assists and no turnovers in the same game. Utah tied a season-low with seven turnovers, and had a season-high 19 offensive rebounds. It was the first time this season the Pacers were outrebounded by more than 10 boards. UP NEXT : For the Pacers, Friday @ Suns, Monday vs. Raptors, Wednesday @ Bucks. For the Jazz, Friday vs. Mavericks, Monday vs. Grizzlies, Wednesday vs. Heat. 
