Notebook: Spurs 99, Hawks 97 
 
 
 Andrew McNeill, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Apr 07, 2013 12:24 AM - Updated Sun Apr 07, 2013 12:24 AM 
 
 THE FACTS: Tim Duncan  scored 31 points on 12-for-21 shooting, grabbed 14 rebounds and blocked four shots as the Spurs nearly saw a very late four-point lead evaporate after Atlanta's  Dahntay Jones  drew a shooting foul from around halfcourt with one second left in the game after a  Tiago Splitter  turnover. After Jones hit the first two free throws,  Kawhi Leonard  grabbed the rebound on the third to secure the 99-97 win. 
 
 John Jenkins  came off the bench to lead Atlanta with 23 points on 7-for-9 shooting and  Mike Scott  added 22 points and six rebounds. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "Tim Duncan saved us. He's such a professional. We're so lucky to have him here for as long as we have. He's an ultimate professional and he rose above a lot to do it. We had some guys that haven't played much that busted their butts. In general, other than Timmy, in a lot of ways it was a pathetic performance." 
 -- Spurs head coach  Gregg Popovich 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Duncan and Leonard combined for 54 of San Antonio's 99 points, but  DeJuan Blair  (11 points) was the only other Spur to crack double figures. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  When the Atlanta Hawks went into the game without  Josh Smith ,  Al Horford ,  Devin Harris  and  Kyle Korver , it was a safe bet they'd have some trouble with the Spurs. Atlanta's limited roster made a game of it, but the lack of firepower hurt them against San Antonio. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I wasn't expecting to have many minutes, but I knew we were kind of depleted, so I was ready for the challenge. I started hitting a couple of shots and guys found me for open buckets. I was kind of feeling it throughout the night." 
 -- John Jenkins 
 
 
 HOT:  San Antonio outrebounded Atlanta 49-38 and limited the Hawks to just seven second chance points. 
 
 NOT:  The Spurs hit just 3-for-15 3-pointers (20 percent) against the Hawks. 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Duncan had 31 points, 14 rebounds, four blocked shots and three assists. Leonard had 23 points, six rebounds, four assists, two steals, two blocks and a made 3-pointer. For the Hawks, Jenkins contributed 23 points, four rebounds and four assists. Scott had 22 points and six rebounds. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Jenkins had 23 points, four rebounds and four assists against San Antonio.  Nando De Colo  started for the Spurs and scored six points, grabbed seven rebounds and handed out three assists. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Matt Bonner  had a career-high four blocks for the Spurs.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Hawks, Wednesday @ Philadelphia, Friday vs. Milwaukee, Tuesday vs. Toronto. For the Spurs, Wednesday @ Denver, Thursday vs. Sacramento,  Sunday @ L.A. Lakers. 
