  Nets-Pistons notebook   By Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday April 6, 2011 11:33PM THE FACTS:  Guard  Richard Hamilton  had 25 points and nine assists as the Detroit Pistons overcame a career-high 39 points by New Jersey Nets center  Brook Lopez  in a 116-109 victory Wednesday. Pistons guard  Rodney Stuckey , benched for disciplinary reasons the previous two games, added 22 points and 10 assists as the Pistons (27-51) equaled their win total from last season. The Nets were without five injured players, including point guard  Deron Williams . QUOTABLE:  "We already dealt with that. It was a situation that was already taken care of. I just let my emotions get in the way. I'm still a young player. I'm really passionate about this game and I just let my emotions get in the way. I got punished and it's over."    -- Rodney Stuckey on playing 34 minutes after being benched the last two games. He reportedly refused to reenter a loss to Chicago Friday. THE STAT:  25-12. The Pistons pulled down 13 more rebounds than the Nets in the second half, leading to a 13-3 advantage in second-chance points after halftime. Rookie  Greg Monroe  had six of his 10 rebounds after the break but he had plenty of help -- eight of the 10 Pistons who played grabbed at least two second-half boards. TURNING POINT:  As a last resort, Pistons head coach  John Kuester  tried a zone to slow down Lopez. The Pistons wound up using it most of the fourth quarter. Lopez was held scoreless in the final 9:50. Overall, the Nets shot just 33.3 percent in the quarter. HOT:  Lopez was unstoppable for the first three-plus quarters, fouling out  Chris Wilcox  and getting Monroe in foul trouble in the process. He made 14 of 20 field goals and 11 of 14 free throws and also added four assists. His previous career high of 37 points also came against the Pistons last season on March 26. NOT:   Mario West , whom the Nets signed March 31, got the start at shooting guard with  Anthony Morrow  nursing a knee injury. Not only did West go scoreless in 13 minutes, he couldn't contain Hamilton. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:   Jordan Farmar  put up solid stats in place of Williams, who did not make the trip while getting his injured right wrist examined. Farmar had 18 points and 11 assists while making just two turnovers. Farmar has averaged 14.3 points the last three games. ROOKIE WATCH:  Monroe reached 20 points for the fifth time this season while posting his 19th double-double. He has the most Pistons double-doubles since  Chauncey Billups  collected 27 during the 2005-06 season. NOTABLE:  Pistons point guard  Will Bynum  missed the second half with a right knee strain while  Tracy McGrady  was given the night off because of a back-to-back. ... The Pistons shot 55.1 percent from the field and 90.6 percent from the free-throw line. ... The clubs split their season series, 2-2. UP NEXT:  For the Nets, Friday vs. New York, Sunday @ Toronto, Monday vs. Charlotte. For the Pistons, Friday vs. Milwaukee, Sunday @ Charlotte, Monday vs. Cleveland.  