Notebook: Nuggets 112, Raptors 98 
 
 
 Scott Campsall, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Dec 01, 2013 4:57 PM - Updated Sun Dec 01, 2013 10:38 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Nuggets bench outscored the Raptors' 45-10 in the second half and 72-16 for the game -- just four points shy of a Nuggets franchise record. 
 
 THE LEAD: Nate Robinson  tied a game-high with 23 points,  Darrell Arthur  added 14 and  Timofey Mozgov  grabbed a career-high 15 rebounds, all off of the bench as the Denver Nuggets (10-6) defeated the Toronto Raptors (6-10) 112-98 for their sixth straight victory. 
 
 Rudy Gay  scored a team-high 23 points and  Jonas Valanciunas  pitched in with 18 and 11 rebounds in a losing effort for the Raptors.  
 Toronto jumped out to a 20-8 lead in the first quarter, capitalizing on an early 1 p.m. ET tipoff. The Nuggets woke up and answered back, closing the gap to six after the opening frame.  
 Things were competitive the rest of the way, until the fourth when the Nuggets bench -- already laying a beating on the Raptors -- took over. Robinson hit back-to-back 3s with 1:39 remaining in the game to seal the win for the Nuggets.  
 
 QUOTABLE : "Well it's been huge. One thing about our team is that we don't have a superstar and with the exception of Ty Lawson, we never know one night to the next what we're gonna get from each individual player. Ty, you can almost pencil in for 20 points and eight assists every night. Today  Wilson Chandler  was off,  J.J Hickson  was off,  Randy Foye , but the other guys came in... Nate [Robinson] has been on a hot streak lately and so when he is playing and shooting the ball like that and giving us some energy like that, I'm going to ride him." --  Nuggets head coach  Brian Shaw  on the play of his bench. 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Denver Nuggets had six players score in double figures, four of which came off of the bench.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  With Denver leading 101-96 and the Raptors threatening, Nuggets guard Robinson nailed back-to-back 3-pointers, giving his team a double-digit lead and putting away the game for good.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I think coach has a feel for what he wants now and guys know when they are getting in and know what there job is and we just try to execute that to the fullest." --  Nuggets forward Arthur on the bench rotation.  
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Raptors head coach  Dwane Casey  replaced  Amir Johnson  with  Tyler Hansbrough  in the starting lineup and the effect was felt immediately. That group built up a 20-8 lead in the first five minutes of the game, during which Hansbrough had two rebounds, one point and an assists.  
 
 HOT:  Robinson made nine of his 14 attempts from the floor, including five-of-eight from beyond the arc. The diminutive point guard also came up big in the clutch, scoring 18 of his 21 points in the deciding fourth quarter.  
 
 HOT:  Mozgov scored 16 points on 6-of-12 shooting from the floor in addition to his career-high 15 rebounds. He was a force on both ends and made several key plays for the Nuggets including a highlight reel block on a dunk attempt by Gay.  
 
 NOT:  Raptors forward Johnson did not respond well to being benched. Johnson was scoreless and had only three rebounds in 14 minutes. He was also a minus 16 for the afternoon.  
 
 NOTABLE:  Nuggets forward  Kenneth Faried  went down hard after an alley-oop in the fourth quarter. He walked off the court momentarily, but rejoined the play after a timeout... The 72 bench points allowed by the Raptors were a franchise record. The previous high was 69... The Raptors have now lost three straight at home...Denver notched a season-high 29 assists. Robinson has scored at least 10 points in his last seven games...Toronto tallied 18 assists, marking the 11th time it has posted that amount (or less). The Raptors are 2-9 in those games....Valanciunas has four double-doubles this seasons. He had eight all of last season.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Raptors, @ Golden State Tuesday, @ Phoenix Friday, and @ L.A Lakers Sunday. For the Nuggets, @ Brooklyn Tuesday, @ Cleveland Wednesday and @ Boston Friday.  
