Notebook: Nets 110, Thunder 93 
 
 
 Randy Renner, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Jan 02, 2013 11:38 PM - Updated Wed Jan 02, 2013 11:38 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:   The Brooklyn Nets jumped on the Oklahoma City Thunder early, sprinting out to a 23-point lead, then holding off a furious Thunder rally to win going away 110-93. 
 The Nets (17-15) rode big nights from  Joe Johnson  (33 points) and  Brook Lopez  (25) to snap a 12-game Thunder home winning streak.  Nets point guard  D eron Williams  also had a good game with 19 points and he was 3-for-4 on 3-pointers while dishing out a whopping 13 assists. 
 
 Kevin Durant  (27 points) and  Russell Westbrook  (26) led the Thunder (24-7). Westbrook also handed out 10 assists but turned the ball over six times.  Serge Ibaka  added 14 points and eight rebounds. Thunder center  Kendrick Perkins  managed just three points but hauled in 11 rebounds. 
 The Nets, coming off one of their worst games of the year Monday night in San Antonio, got off to a blazing start shooting 63.6 percent in the first quarter and 58.1 percent for the first half. For the Thunder it was the worst of both worlds, for three of the four quarters OKC couldn't hit very many of its own shots and couldn't stop the Nets from hitting most all of theirs. 
 
 QUOTABLE:   "Deron ran the team unbelievably and scored points and created opportunities for other people. Joe was a monster and I thought Brook was great." 
 -- Nets interim head coach  P.J. Carlesimo 
 
 
 QUOTABLE II:   "They picked us apart, they were hittin' threes, making jumpers, they were hot. We just didn't have any defense." 
 -- Kevin Durant 
 
 
 QUOTABLE III:   "Our defense tonight was where it was earlier in the season. We had a tough practice yesterday in San Antonio and P.J. jumped on us about a lot of things especially on offense with our ball movement and defensively helping one another and to be honest it helped. It translated to the game. We were in a spot defensively that we hadn't been in in a while." 
 -- Joe Johnson 
 
 
 THE STAT:   After turning the ball over just five times (tying an all-time franchise low) in Monday's win over Phoenix, Oklahoma City gave the ball away 20 times tonight and the Nets turned those extra possessions into 30 points. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  After OKC clawed all the way back from a 23-point deficit to tie the game at 85 with seven minutes to play, the Nets went on a 10-1 run to extend the margin back to nine and dash the hopes of the hometown fans. The Thunder managed just eight points over the last seven minutes, while giving up 25. 
 
 QUOTABLE IV:   "They took it to us on both ends of the floor. We had one good quarter but it wasn't enough to win the game. They were much better than us tonight." 
 -- Thunder coach  Scott Brooks 
 
 
 HOT:   The Nets started the game 8-for-11 (72.7 percent)...Johnson was 5-for-6 (12 points) in the first quarter...Lopez was 4-for-5 (10 points) in the first quarter...Durant was 5-for-6 (10 points) in the first 12 minutes...Brooklyn finished the first half shooting 58.1 percent (25-for-43) overall and were even better from long range hitting 63.6 percent (7-for-11)...Brooklyn was 5-for-6 (10 points) in the paint in the fourth quarter...The Nets finished 9-for-17 (52.9 percent) on 3-pointers. 
 
 NOT:   The Thunder started 4-for-11 (36.4 percent)... Kevin Martin  was 1-for-5 (all 3-pointers) in the first half, he finished 3-for-10 overall. 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:   The Oklahoma City crowd kept trying to get the Thunder back into the game for most of the first half, to no avail, but the building was rocking when the home team made its run to tie the game halfway through the fourth quarter. A few moments later, when the Nets answered with a run of their own the building began to empty. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:   Oklahoma City was much more aggressive on defense late in the second and especially the third quarters getting out on shooters and deflecting passes. That was about the only stretch of good defense the Thunder played all night. 
 
 BAD MOVE:   The Thunder started the game with a delay of game warning for taking too long to get out on the court for the opening tip. Most of the blame for that probably goes to OKC's mascot "Rumble The Bison" for an extended drum roll leading into the opening tip music. It's at least the third time this season the Thunder has had a delay of game warning at tipoff, all for the same reason. 
 
 NOTABLE:   Durant was given two technical fouls and ejected for arguing a call from lead official  Danny Crawford  in the closing minutes of the game. It's the first time in his career Durant has been tossed. 
 
 QUOTABLE V:   "I just told him [Crawford] I thought it was a bad call, they [officials] have quick triggers in this league now, but yes I was frustrated but I think I'm allowed to be frustrated, especially in this league with all the ups and downs." 
 -- Kevin Durant on his first ever ejection 
 
 
 UP NEXT:   For the Nets, Friday @ Washington, Saturday vs. Sacramento, Tuesday @ Philadelphia. For the Thunder, Friday vs. Philadelphia, Sunday @ Toronto, Monday @ Washington. 
