
 Warriors-Clippers notebook   By Dan Arritt, for NBA.com Posted Sunday January 23, 2011 2:22AM THE FACTS: Blake Griffin  found another way to lift his team to victory Saturday night, hitting a tiebreaking 3-point basket with 46 seconds remaining to help the Los Angeles Clippers to a 113-109 victory against the Golden State Warriors at Staples Center. QUOTABLE:  " Baron [Davis]  made the pass and Blake hit the shot. It feels good when the execution comes together like that."   -- Clippers coach  Vinny Del Negro THE STAT:  Griffin was marching towards his first career triple-double, totaling 18 points, eight rebounds and seven assists at the half, but his teammates couldn't hit a few open looks and he finished two assists short. Still, the rookie sensation finished with one of his best all-around games, scoring 30 points, matching his season high with 18 rebounds and distributing a season-high eight assists. His 3-point basket was just his 10th attempt of the season and he has converted six. TURNING POINT:  Griffin's 3-pointer with the score tied 105-105 was certainly a big lift, but on the next possession he knocked the ball loose from  Dorell Wright  after he rebounded a missed free throw by  Randy Foye  with 24.5 seconds left. The ball came back to Foye, who was fouled again but this time made both foul shots for a four-point lead with 16.1 seconds remaining. QUOTABLE II:  "Blake had a great game and hit that huge shot where we thought we had a chance to get a rebound and have control of the game."   -- Golden State guard  Stephen Curry HOT:  How about Griffin's free-throw shooting? He came in shooting 60.9 percent from the stripe but shot 9-for-10 against the Warriors. In the last four games, he's 34-for-45 from the line (75.5 percent). NOT:  Before the 3-pointer by Griffin, the Clippers were just 6-for-32 from beyond the arc (18.7 percent). FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Curry scored a game-high 32 points, picking up some of the slack for backcourt mate  Monta Ellis , who played despite spraining his left ankle the night before in an overtime win against Sacramento. Ellis finished with 17 points on 6-for-21 shooting. GOOD MOVE:  Davis and backup point guard  Eric Bledsoe  did a solid job taking care of the ball against the league leader in steals. Davis and Bledsoe combined for just two turnovers. The Warriors, who came in averaging 9.38 steals a game, finished with six. The Clippers came in 29th in the league in turnovers, averaging 16.43 a game, but committed just 12. BAD MOVE:  Golden State center  Andris Biedrins  fouled Clippers leading scorer  Eric Gordon  as he drove to the basket with 4:44 remaining in the third quarter. Gordon came down hard on his lower back and stayed on the court for several minutes. He left after making both free throws and came back to the bench with his right wrist bandaged. After the Warriors cut a 10-point fourth-quarter deficit to four with 2:40 remaining, Gordon returned to the game but had little impact down the stretch. ROOKIE WATCH:  Davis got into first-half foul trouble, so Bledsoe had to carry much of the load. He finished with six points, five assists and no turnovers in 25 minutes. Fellow Clippers rookie  Al-Farouq Aminu  had nine points, all in the first half, and a team-high two steals. NOTABLE:  The Clippers have won seven straight at home, their longest home-winning streak since they won seven in a row during the 2004-05 season. The Lakers, Miami Heat and Denver Nuggets are among the teams the Clippers beat during the streak.. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Tuesday @ Dallas, Wednesday @ Houston, Saturday vs. Charlotte. For the Warriors, Monday vs. Spurs, Wednesday vs. Hornets, Friday vs. Bobcats. 
