  Notebook: Raptors 96, Cavaliers 88 Posted Wednesday March 14, 2012 12:32AM By Brian Dulik, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Point guard  Jerryd Bayless  collected 20 points and seven assists in leading the Toronto Raptors to a 96-88 victory over the Cleveland Cavaliers. Power forward  Andrea Bargnani  added 19 points and eight rebounds, while shooting guard  Leandro Barbosa  chipped in 17 points as Toronto scored its third win over Cleveland this season. The Cavaliers were paced by power forward  Antawn Jamison , who scored 20 points. Rookie point guard  Kyrie Irving  had 14 points, seven rebounds and seven assists for Cleveland, but was 5-for-17 from the field. The Cavaliers dropped one game behind Milwaukee and New York in the race for the final Eastern Conference playoff spot. QUOTABLE:  "I'm so frustrated right now I can't stand it. Toronto is a bad matchup for us, just like we were for the Knicks last year. We definitely knew how important this game was because that team had already beaten us twice."   -- Jamison THE STAT:  In three games against the Raptors, Irving is shooting 23.8 percent on 10-for-42 shooting. The top overall pick in the NBA Draft also has been limited to 10.7 points per game and is 2-for-10 on 3-pointers against Toronto. "It wasn't anything they were doing defensively," Irving said. "It was just me not hitting shots tonight." On the season, Irving is averaging 18.3 points while shooting 46.9 percent from the floor and 40.0 from beyond the arc. "Kyrie is a good player, so you've just got to stay in front of him and make him take tough shots," Bayless explained. "I just tried to do the best I could to get us a win." TURNING POINT:  The Raptors outscored the Cavaliers 33-24 during the second period and never looked back. Barbosa rung up 12 points during the frame, while Bargnani had eight -- topped by a trey that put Toronto ahead for good at 44-42. "Leandro hit some big shots in the second quarter and did a good job for us," Raptors coach  Dwane Casey  said. "I also liked what I saw from Andrea. You can tell that he's feeling better and getting stronger (since returning two games ago from a left calf strain)." Toronto took a 54-46 lead into intermission and did not allow Cleveland to get closer than six points in the second half. QUOTABLE II:  "I don't know (why we've been so successful against Irving). I can't explain it. Kyrie was my biggest nightmare coming in. I woke up last night thinking about him going to the basket."   -- Casey HOT:  The Raptors are 3-0 against the Cavaliers this season, but 11-28 against the rest of the NBA. When asked the reason for Toronto's mastery, shooting guard  DeMar DeRozan  said, " LeBron (James)  ain't here, I guess. They used to beat up on everybody when he was." ... Raptors center  Amir Johnson  had 10 points, a game-high nine rebounds and three assists in 23 minutes. The seventh-year pro is averaging 10.6 points and 8.2 boards in his last five contests, while shooting 22-for-31 (71.0 percent). ... Cleveland point guard  Ramon Sessions  had 16 points, four rebounds and six assists off the bench. ... Irving has been the Cavaliers' leading rebounder in two straight games, averaging 6.5 boards. .. Cleveland small forward  Alonzo Gee  made four steals, which was one more than Toronto's entire team. NOT:  The Cavaliers had their three-game winning streak snapped -- and still have not won four straight contests since March 17-24, 2010. ... Jamison had zero rebounds, zero blocked shots and zero steals in 36 minutes for the Cavaliers. "That's very unusual, but I also think a lot of it is attributed to the fact he was guarding Bargnani, who was 20-25 feet from the basket most of the time," Cleveland coach  Byron Scott  said. "That was one of the first things I looked at and was kind of like, wow." ... Cavaliers shooting guard  Daniel Gibson  missed all five of his field goal attempts, dropping his season percentage to 35 percent. ... Irving is 14-for-44 from the floor in his last three games, but insisted, "The whole rookie wall thing is a myth and I haven't hit it yet." QUOTABLE III:  "I have no answers. Like I said before, certain teams just have your number. I guess they have our number."   -- Scott GOOD MOVE:  Casey and Bayless were determined to get Bargnani back into the flow, so they made sure he got the ball early and often. The 7-foot Italian responded by going 8-for-15 from the field and was the best big man on the court from start to finish. "I was trying to get Andrea going, that was my main focus tonight," Bayless said. "We need Andrea to keep on looking to score because that's what he does and he's great at it. He played well tonight." ... Center  Aaron Gray , who only logged three minutes in Toronto's previous game, was given 19 by Casey. He did a fine job backing up Johnson with seven rebounds and three assists. BAD MOVE:  Cavaliers centers  Ryan Hollins  and  Samardo Samuels  continued their maddening habit of not going straight up after taking a pass under the hoop. By collecting themselves and giving the Raptors' defenders time to get in position, they each had two shots rejected and combined to miss six of their eight field goal attempts. With starting center  Anderson Varejao  (right wrist fracture) potentially returning in a week, Hollins and Samuels could be joining fellow pivot  Semih Erden  at the end of Cleveland's bench. ... The Cavaliers played with no urgency in falling to 1-5 in their last six home games. NOTABLE:  Cavaliers majority owner  Dan Gilbert  and minority owner  Nate Forbes  both traveled to Quicken Loans Arena from their homes in Southeast Michigan, likely to talk strategy with general manager  Chris Grant  as the NBA trade deadline approaches Thursday at 3 p.m. ... WWE performer and Cleveland native  Dolph Ziggler (Nick Nemeth)  was seated courtside. ... Cavaliers power forward  Tristan Thompson , who grew up in Toronto, celebrated his 21st birthday. UP NEXT:  For the Raptors, Wednesday @ New Jersey, Friday @ Memphis, Saturday @ Charlotte. For the Cavaliers, Wednesday @ Milwaukee, Sunday vs. Atlanta, Monday @ New Jersey.  