Notebook: Wizards 98, Trail Blazers 95 
 
 
 Kerry Eggers, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Jan 22, 2013 3:27 AM - Updated Tue Jan 22, 2013 3:27 AM 
 
 THE FACTS:   Washington's  Jordan Crawford  sank a 30-foot 3-pointer at the final horn to give Washington a 98-95 victory over Portland on Monday night at the Rose Garden. 
 Portland's  Wesley Matthews  had drained a 3-pointer to tie the game at 95 with 7.9 seconds to play. 
 After a timeout, Portland intentionally fouled with a foul to give, stopping the clock with 3.6 seconds to go. After another timeout, Crawford gunned in the winning shot on a fadeaway attempt over Matthews' outstretched arm as time expired. 
 
 Nene  and  Martell Webster  each scored 24 points for the Wizards (9-30), who won for the fifth time in the last seven games. 
 
 Damian Lillard  scored 12 of his 18 points in the fourth quarter to lead five players in double figures for the Trail Blazers (20-21), who suffered their sixth straight defeat. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I just wanted to get a clean look, make a good play. I knew the shot had a (chance) to go in. I just thank the Lord I made it."  
 
 -- Crawford on his game-winning shot 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Washington was 9-for-10 shooting in the game's first six minutes, then 30-for-74 (.405) the rest of the way. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  What else but the game's final shot? 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "That's kind of like heartbreak. We fight our way all the way back to tie it with three seconds, and the guy hits a buzzer-beater. That's frustrating, when you're most likely going to overtime and you lose on a shot like that."  
 
 -- Lillard 
 
 
 HOT:  Webster was 8-for-11 from the field, including 4-for-6 from 3-point range, to hit a season-high scoring total.  
 
 NOT:  Lillard started the game 1-for-11 from the field before finally warming up to hit his final six shots, finishing 7-for-17. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Washington went to Nene early and he was sensational, sinking eight of nine shots and scoring 17 points in the game's first nine minutes. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Nene didn't get the ball much the rest of the way, taking only eight more shots, making two. He still set a season high in scoring. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "The basketball gods usually even everything out. We've been on the other end of this so many times this year."  
 
 -- Washington coach  Randy Wittman  of the last-second victory 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  Washington won the season series 2-0, sweeping the Blazers for the first time since the 2004-05 season. ...  Portland's  Nicolas Batum  notched his first career triple-double with 12 points, 10 rebounds and a career-high 11 assists  ...  Portland rookie center  Meyers Leonard  made his return to action after missing the last 11 games with a sprained ankle, collecting six points on 3-for-3 shooting with four rebounds in 12 minutes. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Wizards, Wednesday @ Utah, Friday vs. Minnesota, Saturday vs. Chicago. For the Trail Blazers, Wednesday vs. Indiana, Saturday vs. L.A. Clippers, Sunday @ L.A. Clippers. 
