Notebook: Mavericks 123, Lakers 104 
 
 
 Micah Powell, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Nov 05, 2013 11:42 PM - Updated Wed Nov 06, 2013 1:25 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  Dallas broke a five-game home losing streak to the Lakers that dated back to the 2010-11 season. 
 
 THE LEAD:  Dallas used every weapon at its disposal Tuesday night, as seven players scored in double figures, led by  Monta Ellis ' 30, as the Mavericks cruised to a 123-104 win over the Lakers at the American Airlines Center. 
 Eight players found the bottom of the net in the first quarter, as Dallas jumped out to a 35-22 advantage and never looked back, leading the Lakers from start to finish. The Mavericks were a force near the rim from the outset against the league's third-best rebounding team, possessing a 50-35 advantage on the boards and outscoring the Lakers, 52-36, in the paint. 
 Dallas' ball movement led to many open looks in the first half, as the Mavericks went into the intermission with 21 assists on 27 made field goals. For the game, the Mavs shot 52.1 percent from the floor and hit 13 3-pointers, to not allow the Lakers to cut the lead to single digits after the first quarter. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "He's just a different kind of weapon. His catch-and-go ability, his speed in transition, his ability to change direction and attack the rim is unique in this league." --  Mavericks coach  Rick Carlisle  on Ellis' impact. 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Ellis' 30 points were just two shy of the scoring total of the entire Lakers starting five.  
 
 TURNING POINT : It was obvious from the outset that Dallas' starting five was the superior unit, but the Mavericks' second unit proved early it could provide a solid offensive punch as well, as four reserves tallied points in the first quarter, staking Dallas to an early double-digit lead. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "You can't get blown out and then think now we need to learn to win. No, we need to learn how to play. We're not playing right now." --  Lakers coach  Mike D'Antoni. 
 
 
 HOT: DeJuan Blair  did a little bit of everything for Dallas, filling up the stat sheet with 10 points, eight rebounds and five steals.  Nick Young  was among the few bright spots for Los Angeles, scoring 21 points on 8-for-12 shooting off the Lakers bench.  Jae Crowder  came off the bench to add 18 points, 14 coming in the fourth quarter, and four 3-pointers. 
 
 NOT: Pau Gasol  was the only Lakers starter to score in double figures, finishing with 10 points in 31 minutes. Los Angeles was outscored by 32 points when Gasol was on the court.  
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT : Not only did Ellis register 30 points but he led the Mavs with nine assists and converted all eight of his free-throw attempts.  
 
 ROOKIE WATCH : Even with the impending return of first-round selection  Shane Larkin, Gal Mekel  appears to have solidified his spot as the primary backup to  Jose Calderon  in Dallas. Mekel scored nine points and registered five assists in 25 minutes.  
 
 NOTABLE: Chris Kaman , who had critical words for his former coach prior to the game, returned to Dallas and scored 10 points. ... Mavericks' rookie  Ricky Ledo  saw his first action of the year and scored two points in six minutes. ...  Ryan Kelly  also notched his first career points on a 3-pointer in the fourth quarter. ... Los Angeles has been outscored by a combined 50 points in its two road games. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Mavericks, Wednesday @ Thunder, Friday @ Minnesota, Saturday @ Milwaukee. For the Lakers, Thursday @ Houston, Friday @ New Orleans, Sunday vs. Minnesota. 
