  Rockets-Nuggets notebook   By Michael Kelly, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday January 4, 2011 1:12AM THE FACTS: Carmelo Anthony  had 33 points and 11 rebounds to lead the Denver Nuggets to a 113-106 win over the Houston Rockets on Monday. All five starters and six players overall scored in double figures to help the Nuggets win their fourth straight. QUOTABLE:  "I felt good. I just needed to get that one game out of my system. Being off a week and a half without doing anything, I got that game out of my system and we're ready to rock."    -- Anthony, on bouncing back from his 6-for-22 game against Sacramento. THE STAT:  The Rockets had 27 assists on 39 made baskets but no player had more than five assists. Eight of the 10 players who played had at least two. TURNING POINT:  Denver led 85-83 when  Courtney Lee  drove past  J.R. Smith  for what looked an easy layup. Smith recovered, blocked Lee's shot and  Gary Forbes  hit a layup at the other end. The Nuggets never lost the lead. HOT: Chase Budinger  scored 11 points in a span of 3:26 of the second quarter when Houston turned a five-point deficit into a nine-point lead. Budinger, who is averaging 8.2 points, hit three 3-pointers in the flurry, including back-to-back from long range that gave the Rockets a 44-35 lead. NOT:  With  Kenyon Martin  and  Chris Andersen  back, Nuggets forward  Shelden Williams  has become a forgotten man. He played only 7:30 Monday night and missed his only two shots. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Anthony got back on track after a rough outing Saturday night. He was hitting his outside jumper and he got to the line 14 times. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Former World Cup Ski champion and NFL player  Jeremy Bloom  presented the game ball before the opening tip to a senior citizen as part of his Jeremy Bloom Wish of a Lifetime foundation. GOOD MOVE: Arron Afflalo 's defense on  Kevin Martin , who came in leading the Rockets in scoring at 23 a game. Martin was 2-for-14 from the field and scored only eight points. Afflalo's defense kept him from getting to the foul line. BAD MOVE:  Kevin Martin picked up a technical foul with the Rockets leading 64-63. The Nuggets promptly went on a 10-3 run to take the lead. QUOTABLE II:  "We're an attack team, we're attacking at all times, guys putting it on the deck trying to get to the basket. That's kind of how we win -- get to the free-throw line more than anybody else."    -- Guard  Chauncey Billups , on the Nuggets' 34-for-40 night from the line. NOTABLE:  The Nuggets were 3-for-8 from 3-point range. It marked the fewest makes and fewest attempts from long range this year. UP NEXT:  For the Rockets, Wednesday vs. Portland, Friday @ Orlando, Saturday vs. Utah. For the Nuggets, Wednesday @ L.A. Clippers, Thursday @ Sacramento, Sunday vs. New Orleans  