  Warriors-Wolves notebook   By Jim Beilby, for NBA.com Posted Sunday February 27, 2011 9:02PM THE FACTS:  In a game in which good defense was practically nonexistent, it was a pair of big defensive plays by rookie  Wes Johnson  that propelled the Minnesota Timberwolves to victory over the Golden State Warriors, 126-123. Minnesota gave up 73 points in the first half, but they held Golden State to 16 in the third quarter, forging a 17 point lead. Golden State chipped away at the lead and after a steal by  Monta Ellis , Golden State had the ball down one with 17.1 second left. Wes Johnson rose to the occasion and blocked Ellis's jump shot. And, after a pair of free throws by  Anthony Tolliver , with 2.4 seconds left, Johnson switched onto  Stephen Curry,  who was coming off a double pick at the top of the key. The switch forced Curry over 30 feet from the basket and Johnson completed the play by poking the ball away from Curry, sealing Minnesota's victory.  Kevin Love's  big night (37 points and 23 rebounds) helped Minnesota avert what would have been their eighth straight loss. QUOTABLE:  "I thought we played well throughout the ball game. Even in the first quarter when they scored a lot of points, I thought we were doing a lot of really good things out there. [Golden State] is a really tough, tough team to defend."   --  Kurt Rambis THE STAT:  Since they lead the league in rebounding, its not entirely surprising that Minnesota dominated Golden State on the glass, 70-43. More surprising was the fact that Minnesota was aggressive all night and got to the line 37 times. In fact, Kevin Love attempted only one less free throw (23) than the entire Warrior's team (24). TURNING POINT:  After seeing Minnesota open a nine-point lead early in the game, the Warriors responded with a 35-12 run, taking a 14-point lead early in the second quarter. But Minnesota responded with a run of their own, outscoring Golden State 33-12. Minnesota took the lead with 10:43 to play in the third quarter and they never relinquished that lead. HOT:  In the first quarter,  Dorell Wright  had 15 points on 4-for-6 shooting (3-for-4 from three). His hot hand led Golden State to 41 first quarter points, tying the most given up by Minnesota in any quarter this season. NOT:  After the first quarter, Wright was 3-for-14 (1-for-8 from three). NOTABLE:  Love tallied his 46th straight double-double. After quite a few games in which he has scored and rebounded below his average, Kevin Love had a truly impressive statistical night. He had 20/10 before the half and 30/20 before the end of the third and finished with 37 points and 23 rebounds. Only the Lakers'  Pau Gasol  has a 30/20 game this year. This is Love's fourth. UP NEXT:  For the Wolves, Tuesday vs. Lakers, Wednesday @ Detroit, Friday @ Philadelphia. For the Warriors, Tuesday @ Indiana, Wednesday @ Washington, Friday @ Boston.  