Notebook: Nets 95, Celtics 83 
 
 
 Brian Robb, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Nov 28, 2012 11:26 PM - Updated Wed Nov 28, 2012 11:26 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:   Rajon Rondo 's 37-game double-digit assist streak came to a premature end after his second quarter ejection, as the Brooklyn Nets defeated the Boston Celtics 95-83 win at the TD Garden. Rondo finished the game with just six points and three assists after being thrown out during the closing seconds of the second quarter. The point guard retaliated against  Kris Humphries  after he committed a hard foul against  Kevin Garnett  and the two players dragged each other into the crowd, which resulted in their ejections.  Gerald Wallace  also was ejected after being whistled for his second technical during the scuffle.  
 After things calmed down on the floor in the second half, Brooklyn leaned on  Joe Johnson , who finished with a game-high 18 points which kept the sloppy Celtics (17 turnovers) at bay, as the visitors cruised to their third straight win. Garnett had a double-double (16 points, 10 rebounds) for Boston in the setback.     
 
 QUOTABLE:  "They just didn't give in. We had a lot of adversity on the court, but our defense was consistent for the whole game for the most part...we're playing some hard-nose defense." 
 -- Brooklyn coach  Avery Johnson 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Celtics turned the ball over 13 times in the first half, matching their season average over just the first 24 minutes of the contest. The careless play allowed Brooklyn to build a double-digit lead before the half.   
 
 TURNING POINT:   Trailing 14-9 once Garnett exited the game with seven minutes remaining in the first quarter, the Nets turned the game upside down with a 37-12 run over the next 15 minutes, building a 21-point lead in the process. After the extended run, the Celtics got no closer than nine points over the remainder of the contest.     
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We're a soft team right now. We don't have any toughness. That [fighting] stuff is not toughness." 
 -Boston coach  Doc Rivers 
 
 
 HOT: Jerry Stackhouse  -- The 40-year-old guard has turned back the clock with his shooting, hitting 5-for-6 on the night, all from beyond the arc, as he finished with 17 points. Dating back to Monday's win over the Knicks, Stackhouse has now made nine of his past 11 3-pointers. 
 
 NOT:  Paul Pierce  -- Boston's captain looked out of sorts all night long on the offensive end, missing nine of his 13 shots from the field, while also misfiring on five of his first six free throws of the night. Pierce turned the ball over five times during what was a nightmare night for Boston on the offensive end of the floor.   
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:   Andray Blatche  -- The reserve big man had his first double-double as a member of the Nets, posting 17 points and 13 rebounds in the win. The outburst helped to fill the void for Brookyln after the ejections of Wallace and Humphries in the second quarter.  
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:   Jared Sullinger  -- The former Ohio State star struggled against a formidable Brooklyn front line that dominated the glass on both ends of the floor. Sullinger finished with six points and three rebounds in 14 minutes.    
 
 NOTABLE: Jeff Green  left the game in the third quarter with a sprained right knee after colliding with  Reggie Evans  on the defensive end of the floor. He returned to action in the fourth quarter.  Chris Wilcox  also did not play in the second half, due to sickness.  In two games against Boston this year, the Nets have combined for 35 offensive rebounds. The Celtics dropped to 4-4 at home and 2 ½ games behind Brooklyn in the Atlantic Division. Rondo and Humphries did not speak to the media after the game. Garnett was also whistled for a technical foul during the second quarter scuffle.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For Brooklyn, Friday @ Orlando, Saturday @ Miami, Tuesday vs. Oklahoma City. For Boston, Friday vs. Portland, Saturday @ Milwaukee, vs. Minnesota.  
