Notebook: Wizards 105, Heat 101 
 
 
 Benjamin Standig, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Dec 05, 2012 12:01 AM - Updated Wed Dec 05, 2012 8:23 AM 
 
 THE FACTS:  The NBA's worst shocked the reigning league champion as  Jordan Crawford  paced the Wizards with 22 points and Washington held on for a 105-101 win over the Miami Heat on Tuesday night. 
 
 LeBron James  tallied his first triple-double on the season with 26 points, 13 rebounds and 11 assists, but he missed two late 3-point attempts as the Heat collectively struggled from beyond the arc. Miami entered with a six-game winning streak and now is inexplicably on the wrong end of a three-game losing skid to the Wizards.  Chris Bosh  had 20 points and 12 rebounds while  Dwyane Wade  scored 24 points. 
 
 Kevin Seraphin  had 16 points and 10 rebounds for the Wizards, who led after every quarter and by 12 points in the third, before Miami rallied to tie the score at 88 with 6:48 remaining. Seraphin scored eight points from there and the Wizards made 4 of 6 free throws inside the final 11 seconds to seal the win.  A.J. Price  added 14 points,  Shaun Livingston  13 and  Bradley Beal  10 as Washington matched a season-high by shooting 48.1 percent. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  " I told the guys, the only people that really think you have a chance tonight is us here right in this room. [The media] don't believe, the outside didn't believe, and I said we need to have a statement game.  What better opportunity to come and play in front of the fans that we knew were going to be here and beat this team. They took it to heart. " 
 --  Wizards coach  Randy Wittman , whose team has won two of three after opening the season with 12 consecutive losses 
 
 THE STAT:  Washington set a season-high with 31 assists on 38 made baskets. Seven players had at least three assists, led by Crawford's six. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  " I think we came out and didn't have a sense of urgency from the start. We understand that every team we play is going to play their best. They're going to make shots they don't make against other teams. They moved the ball. They had a season-high in assists. We understand teams are going to play better when they play against us. They're up for it and we have to be for teams as well. " 
 --  Heat forward  LeBron James , who was also thrust into point guard duty due to injuries to  Mario Chalmers  and  Norris Cole . 
 
 HOT:  Seraphin scored half his points in the fourth quarter, sinking 4 of his 5 shots with all of them coming inside the final 6:34. After Bosh's layup tied the game at 88 midway through the final quarter, Seraphin responded with a jumper on the next possession, putting the Wizards ahead for good.  
 
 NOT:  Miami finished 8 of 28 (28.6 percent) on 3-point attempts and missed seven of nine in the fourth quarter.  
 
 QUOTABLE III:  " We finally learn right now. We lost so many games close like that. Now we finally learn. Everybody starts to get it. We got a game plan tonight. We just execute. " 
 --  Wizards center Kevin Seraphin, who came off the bench after starting the previous three games 
 
 INSIDE THE AREN A :  Washington Redskins rookie sensation  Robert Griffin III  sat courtside one night after directing a 17-16 win over the defending Super Bowl champion New York Giants. Despite the previous late night, RG3 stayed for the stunning finish. 
 
 QUOTABLE IV:  " You see him there, it kind of gets you going ... A lot of guys leave. It was a great game all the way through for 48 minutes. I don't blame him for not leaving. I wouldn't want anybody to leave in that type of situation ." 
 --  Beal, the third overall pick in the 2012 NBA Draft, on Griffin, the second selection in the 2012 NFL Draft 
 
 NOTABLE:  Heat guard  Mario Chalmers  left in the first half with a jammed finger. After intercepting a pass, Wizards small forward  Trevor Ariza  pulled up lame with a strained left calf  in the third quarter. Neither player returned. 
 
 UP NEXT:   For the Heat, Thursday vs. New York, Saturday vs. New Orleans, Monday vs. Atlanta, For the Wizards, Friday at Atlanta, Saturday vs. Golden State, Tuesday at New Orleans. 
