  Notebook: Clippers 112, Thunder 100   By Dan Arritt, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday January 31, 2012 2:23AM THE FACTS:  The Clippers played their most entertaining game of the season against a team with the league's best record, burying rapid-fire 3-pointers, delivering pinpoint passes and thrilling the sold-out crowd with perhaps the most impressive slam dunk of the year, paving the way for a 112-100 victory Monday night against the Thunder at Staples Center. QUOTABLE:  "They are the best team we've played all year. They have everything, a talented team, their bench is really good and they played well."  --  Thunder head coach  Scott Brooks . THE STAT:  The Thunder had not allowed an opponent to shoot 50 percent or better from the field this season and came in tied with the league's second-lowest field-goal percentage by the opposition (41.8 percent), but the Clippers were much better than that, shooting 45-for-80 from the floor (56.3 percent), including 13-for-25 from 3-point range (52 percent). TURNING POINT:  Trailing by as many as 16 points in the second quarter, Oklahoma City made a run, cutting the deficit to six with 1:35 left in the half. That's when the Clippers exploded for four consecutive unanswered 3-point baskets over a 51-second stretch, two by  Mo Williams  and one each by  Caron Butler  and  Chauncey Billups , pushing the lead back to 18 at the half. HOT:  The Clippers have led after the opening quarter in 13 of 18 games this season and Monday was no exception. Butler has been a big reason for L.A.'s fast starts lately. Against the Thunder, he scored 11 of his season-high 22 points in the opening quarter, helping the Clippers to a 36-25 lead. In the nine games Butler has played since a victory against the Lakers on Jan. 14, he has scored 65 of his 128 points in the first 12 minutes. His 11-point opening quarter also made him the 47th active NBA player to reach 10,000 points. Somewhat less monumental, he also surpassed the 20-point barrier for the first time this season after getting stuck on that number in four previous games. NOT:  Thunder guard  James Harden , who came into the game as the league's highest-scoring reserve at 16.9 points, was placed in the starting lineup for just the second time this season after a sore right foot sidelined Thabo Sefolosha. Harden looked like a fish out of water, missing his first six field-goal attempts before finishing 2-for-10 with seven points. GOOD MOVE:  Move over  Timofey Mozgov , a new euphemism could take over the NBA this week. Clippers forward  Blake Griffin  unleashed a dunk more powerful and more spectacular than the one he put down on Mozgov last season, one that coined the term, 'Mozgov'd' to describe a player on the receiving end of a ferocious dunk. Clippers point guard  Chris Paul  set up the play, driving into the lane and dishing to Griffin on the side of the basket. Oklahoma City center  Kendrick Perkins  was slow to rotate and, by the time he moved into position, Griffin was already elevating. Still more than an arm's reach from the rim at the apex of his leap, and with the top of his head even with the rim, Griffin forcefully heaved the ball through the basket to provide the Clippers with their biggest lead of the game, 73-51. The dunk brought the sold-out Staples Center crowd into a frenzy, resulted in at leas a half dozen replays on the big screen and earned tweets of recognition from the sporting world, including  LeBron James, Matt Kemp, Bubba Watson, David Lee, Terrell Owens  and  Larry Fitzgerald . Oh, by the way, Griffin also finished with 22 points. QUOTABLE II:  "It's the timing of when I got the pass and the late rotation. If all that comes together at the right time, then those things happen. It's not like I caught the ball and thought, 'OK, let's go make something happen.' It just came together and, fortunately, we got it."  --  Griffin on his dunk. BAD MOVE:  Clippers small forward  Ryan Gomes  slid even further down the depth chart Monday. He did not appear in a game for the first time this season. He played just four minutes Sunday night in Denver. Even when both sides pulled their starters with less than two minutes to play, Gomes and  Brian Cook  remained on the bench, while seldom-used big men  Trey Thompkins  and  Solomon Jones  entered the game. NOTABLE: Kevin Durant  (36) and  Russell Westbrook  (31) combined for 67 percent of Oklahoma City's offense. The Thunder dropped to 8-2 when they each score at least 20 points in a game. By contrast, the Clippers had six players in double figures for the first time this season ... The Thunder allowed season-high point totals for the first quarter (36), the first half (64) and the game ... Including Monday's game in Denver, the Clippers are 27-for-55 from 3-point range ... Clippers guard  Eric Bledsoe , who underwent offseason knee surgery, made his first appearance of the season with 1:19 remaining. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Wednesday @ Utah, Thursday vs. Denver, Saturday @ Washington. For the Thunder, Thursday @ Dallas, Friday vs. Portland, Monday vs. Houston.  