  Notebook: Lakers 103, Bobcats 76   By Dan Arritt, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday February 1, 2012 1:58AM THE FACTS:  Playing their final home game until Valentine's Day, the Lakers gave their fans a fond farewell Tuesday night, running away from the struggling Bobcats early in the game and maintaining their double-digit lead in the 106-73 victory at Staples Center. QUOTABLE:  "I don't know if anything has arrived yet, but we are getting better."   --Lakers coach  Mike Brown THE STAT:  Tied for last in the league in 3-point shooting efficiency coming into the game (28.1 percent), the Lakers shot 12-for-26 from beyond the arc. In their three victories in the last four games, a common denominator has been their success from 3-point range, converting 28-for-61 (45.9 percent). TURNING POINT:  The Bobcats and Lakers traded baskets early but the tide turned in L.A.'s favor after Charlotte starting center  DeSagana Diop  committed two fouls and a turnover 14 seconds apart midway through the quarter. The 7-foot Diop went to the bench and the Lakers responded with a 16-4 run over the next 5 1/2 minutes. The Bobcats never got back within 11 the remainder of the game. HOT:  If it wasn't for  Kobe Bryant 's 2-for-11 night from 3-point territory, the Lakers' percentage would have been sensational. The bench did all the damage, shooting 10-for-15 from beyond the arc, led by a 4-for-4 night from backup forward  Troy Murphy , who scored a season-high 12 points. It's the most 3-pointers the 11-year veteran has made in a game in nearly two years. NOT:  Bryant scored 18 points in the opening quarter but it all went downhill from there. He had 24 points at the half, then missed all five of his field-goal attempts in the third quarter, opening the door for Charlotte to trim a 24-point halftime deficit to 11. Bryant also committed three of his four turnovers in the third quarter before taking a seat with about a minute remaining and staying there the rest of the game. After hitting his first two 3-pointers of the game, Bryant missed his next nine. GOOD MOVE:  Charlotte small forward  Reggie Williams  made his season debut with the Bobcats with 10:27 remaining in the second quarter and immediately made his presence known, scoring on an offensive rebound. Williams, who underwent arthroscopic left knee surgery shortly after Charlotte signed him to a two-year $5-million deal in mid-December, was extremely limited against the Lakers, scoring six points in 14 minutes, but the third-year sharp shooter should be a valuable addition to the lineup in the months to come. BAD MOVE:  Lakers coach Mike Brown continues to play key players deep into one-sided victories. Up by 22 points with a little more than seven minutes left, he reinserted starting forward  Pau Gasol  in place of starting center  Andrew Bynum , even though back-up big man  Josh McRoberts  was still on the bench, having yet to appear in the game. He finally lifted Gasol in favor of McRoberts with just under five minutes remaining and the Lakers still leading by 22 points. NOTABLE:  Charlotte had won five of the previous seven games against the Lakers ... Charlotte rookie point guard  Kemba Walker , coming off his first career triple-double Saturday night against visiting Washington, finished with 12 points, six rebounds and six assists ... Charlotte used 12 players in the first half ... Bryant picked up his fifth technical foul of the season in the third quarter. UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Friday @ Utah, Saturday @ Denver, Monday @ Philadelphia. For the Bobcats, Wednesday @ Portland, Saturday @ Phoenix, Tuesday @ Boston.  