Notebook: Suns 117, Bobcats 110 
 
 
 Derek S. Smith, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Nov 07, 2012 10:44 PM - Updated Wed Nov 07, 2012 10:44 PM 
 
 THE FACTS: Shannon Brown  went a perfect six-for-six from behind the arc and scored a team-best 24 points to lead the Phoenix Suns to a 117-110 win over the Charlotte Bobcats Wednesday night at Time Warner Cable Arena.  Byron Mullens  led the Bobcats with 24 points while grabbing a team-best eight rebounds.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "Oh man, I got some open looks and my coaches and teammates got me the ball in good position. I hit some threes and just got hot. It felt good. But the one thing you don't want to do is mess the rhythm up so I tried to keep my rhythm going and take my shots how I work on them in practice and they were falling for me."
 --  Phoenix guard Brown 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Offensive rebounds and second chances. Phoenix hit the glass hard on the offensive end and grabbed 22 offensive rebounds which they were able to convert into 18 second-chance points. The Suns were effective on the glass thanks to the Bobcats continued use of a trapping zone defense. Both Beasley and  Luis Scola  managed to grab six offensive rebounds on the night. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  From way downtown! Shannon Brown turned the game in favor of the Suns Wednesday night. He scored 18 of his 24 points in the fourth quarter including four consecutive three pointers at one point. His three with 7:05 to play gave Phoenix a 97-91 edge and forced a Charlotte timeout. The Phoenix guard also broke an 85-85 deadlock with a jumper from the corner earlier in the fourth.  
 
 HOT:   Michael Beasley  put together a complete game Wednesday against Charlotte. The Suns forward had 21 points, 15 rebounds, seven assists and added three blocks and a steal in victory. Beasley had been inconsistent in the first four games for Phoenix, but showcased his game against Charlotte. Beasley was particularly effective in the third quarter during a 12-2 Phoenix run as he scored back-to-back baskets and then setup teammates  Marcin Gortat  and Scola on consecutive plays. Beasley is the first Suns player to have a night of 21 points, 15 rebounds and seven assists since Amar'e Stoudemire accomplished that on December 10, 2004 against Charlotte. 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:   Marcin Gortat  had a career night against the Bobcats. The Phoenix center had a 23-point, 10-rebound night and added a career-high seven rebounds. Gortat leads the NBA in blocked shots with 21 through the first five games this year. He is averaging 15.0 points, 11.8 rebounds and 4.2 blocks on the season. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Charlotte coach  Mike Dunlap  gave  Jeff Taylor  his first career start in place of the injured  Gerald Henderson . Dunlap wanted to keep his second unit in place not disrupt their rotations, but Taylor was not the right fit Wednesday. Taylor saw only 11 minutes of action and missed three shots while sitting out most of the second half.  
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:   Michael Kidd-Gilchrist  has started in each of the Bobcats first three games and is averaging 8.0 points and 6.7 rebounds on the season including nine and eight against Phoenix. Suns guard  Kendall Marshal l had hoped to make a strong return to the Tar Heel State, but was joined fellow rookies  Luke Zeller  and  Diante Garrett  as DNP-CDs. Marshall suffered an ankle injury suffered Tuesday in a 3-on-3 game. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Phoenix coach  Alvin Gentry  is from nearby Shelby, NC and left about 20 tickets at the Time Warner Cable Arena box office for friends and family. Phoenix has scored 100 or more in 13 of the 16 all-time meetings between the two teams. Beasley had just three assists in the first four games and added seven to his season tally against Charlotte. The Suns had two players with 20 point/10 rebound nights in Beasley and Gortat. It was the first time that was accomplished by a pair of Suns players since  Channing Frye  and Gortat on March 22, 2011. The four three-point baskets by  Byron Mullens  in the third quarter tied a Bobcats franchise record for most three in a quarter. His six threes was a career-best while his 24 points was a season-high.  Ramon Sessions  and  Kemba Walker  have both scored in double figures in the team's first games and their nine and eight assists respectively were both season highs.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Suns, Friday vs. Cleveland, Saturday at Utah, and Monday vs. Denver. For the Bobcats, Friday at New Orleans, Saturday vs. Dallas, Tuesday vs. Washington. 
