Notebook: Bulls 89, Jazz 88 
 
 
 Kent McDill, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Mar 08, 2013 11:47 PM - Updated Fri Mar 08, 2013 11:47 PM 
 
 THE FACTS: Marco Belinelli  made a 3-pointer with 5.9 seconds remaining to give the Chicago Bulls an 89-88 victory over the visiting Utah Jazz Friday. Utah's  Gordon Hayward  missed an open 15-footer that would have won the game for the Jazz, who have lost three in a row and six of the last seven games. Belinelli and former Jazz forward  Carlos Boozer  had 22 points and 10 rebounds for the Bulls.  Al Jefferson  scored 23 points for Utah in his first game back after missing three games with a sprained ankle.   
 
 THE FACTS II:  The Bulls led by as many as nine points in the third quarter but the Jazz got their first lead of the second half with 8:21 left in the fourth quarter.  
 
 QUOTABLE I:  "Only three?"  --  Belinelli when told Friday's shot was his third game-winning shot of the season. 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Jazz outshot the Bulls from the field, making seven more field goals on the same number of shots, but the Bulls had four 3-pointers to just two for the Jazz and outscored the Jazz 25-12 from the free throw line. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I thought we tried to attack, but they got more than we did."  --  Utah coach  Tyrone Corbin , when asked about the free throw differential.    
 
 
 THE STAT II:  The Bulls shot just 24 percent from the field in the second half (10-for-42) but four of those baskets came after offensive rebounds. The Bulls had 15 offensive rebounds in the second half. 
 
 INJURY UPDATE:  The Bulls played without four key contributors --  Derrick Rose  (ACL rehabilitation),  Kirk Hinrich  (foot),  Rip Hamilton  (back spasms) and  Taj Gibson  (sprained MCL). 
 
 THE STAT III:  With four key players out, three Bulls played at least 40 minutes --  Luol Deng , Boozer and Belinelli.  Joakim Noah  played only 32 minutes because of foul trouble.    
 
 TURNING POINT:  Noah got the offensive rebound on a missed jumper by Belinelli, got the ball out to  Jimmy Butler , who found Belinelli in the left corner for the game-winning shot.  
 
 HOT:  In his first game out of the last four, Jefferson made 10-of-16 shots and added six rebounds for the Jazz. 
 
 NOT:  Bulls guard  Nate Robinson  made just four of 13 points for 14 points, making only one of eight 3-pointers, but added six rebounds, seven assists and four turnovers.  
 
 THE STAT IV: Derrick Favors  (11 points, 10 rebounds) and  Marvin Williams  (14 points, 10 rebounds) had double-doubles for Utah off the bench.   
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "I don't know why we are losing, but I like the way we are playing. With a couple of bounces, we could be 3-0 on this trip."  --  Utah center  Al Jefferson . 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  With Noah in foul trouble, Bulls coach  Tom Thibodeau  called on  Nazr Mohammed  and the veteran center scored a season-high nine points with seven rebounds in a season high 19 ½ minutes. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Despite the Bulls being down two point guards, rookie  Marquis Teague  played only four minutes behind Robinson. To give Robinson a break, Thibodeau played Belinelli at the point on occasion.   
 
 NOTABLE:  The Bulls have won five straight games against the Jazz... Boozer is averaging 18.8 points and 8.6 rebounds in eight games against his former team... Belinelli had a four-point play on the 19th anniversary of the night Bulls teammates  Scottie Pippen  and  Pete Myers  became the first set of teammates in NBA history to convert four-point plays in the same game.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, @ L.A. Lakers Sunday, @ Sacramento Wednesday, @ Golden State Friday. For the Jazz, @ New York Saturday, vs. Detroit Monday, @ Oklahoma City Wednesday.  
