  Notebook: Grizzlies 93, Rockets 83 Posted Wednesday February 15, 2012 12:15AM By Marlon W. Morgan, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Memphis forward  Rudy Gay  made sure the Grizzlies got off to a quick start, scoring 16 of his 20 points in the first half at the Grizzlies concluded their season-high, five-game homestand with a 93-83 victory over the Houston Rockets Tuesday night. The Grizzlies had five players score in double figures. QUOTABLE:  "They just played harder. It took us a long time to get engaged in the game mentally and physically. When we finally did, we were okay, but we had spotted them between 12 and 14 points. We got it down to five points with a missed ball, they threw out a rebound and [ Mike ]  Conley  hit a big 3. That was kind of the end of the game right there."   -- Houston coach  Kevin McHale . THE STAT:  Houston guard  Kevin Martin  has been notorious for shooting the lights out against the Grizzlies, with a career 25.8 scoring average against Memphis. This time around, it was the Grizzlies who put out Martin's light and they held the Rockets high-scoring guard scoreless for the first time since April 9, 2006. Martin, averaging 18 points, was 0-for-3 from the floor in only 19 minutes of action. TURNING POINT:  Led by point guard  Kyle Lowry  and his attacking play in the fourth quarter, the Rockets managed to cut a 13-point deficit down to 84-79 after Lowry's steal and layup with 2:58 to go, capping an 8-0 Houston run. But Conley halted the spurt by burying a 3-pointer that was followed by a Houston turnover and a layup by  O.J. Mayo  to push the Grizzlies lead back to 89-79 with 2:06 to go. HOT:  In losing four of their last six games, the Grizzlies have managed to get off to slow starts offensively, that eventually lingered throughout the game. On Tuesday, they hit five of their first six shots and went on to shoot 50 percent or better in each of the first three quarters. NOT:  Lowry led the Rockets with 24 points, 19 coming in the second half. The remaining Houston starters combined for just 27 points, with  Chandler Parsons ,  Luis Scola  and  Samuel Dalembert  each scoring nine points. Along with Martin, the four starters were 12-for-32 from the floor (.375). QUOTABLE II:  "We were talking about [Martin] being a Grizzlies killer, or whatever. We were just joking with each other, but for the most part, we had our antennas up on him."    -- Grizzlies guard  Tony Allen  discussing a pregame shoot-around conversation with teammate O.J. Mayo, both of whom had a hand in Martin's scoreless effort. NOTABLE:  The Grizzlies win was their third straight against the Rockets in FedExForum, including a 113-93 victory in December. ... The Grizzlies ended their home stand with a 3-2 record. It was their first five-game home stand since Dec. 12-22, 2008. The Rockets ended a six-game road trip with a 3-3 mark and will return home to face Oklahoma City Wednesday night. ... The Grizzlies are now 11-4 this season when Gay scores 20 or more points. ... Conley led the Grizzlies 21 points and four assists. He has now led Memphis in assists in 25 consecutive games, the longest streak by an NBA player this season. ... All-Star center  Marc Gasol  had 18 points and seven rebounds for the Grizzlies, but also committed six of the team's 17 turnovers. UP NEXT:  For the Rockets, Wednesday vs. Oklahoma City, Friday vs. Minnesota, Sunday vs. Utah. For the Grizzlies, Wednesday at New Jersey, Friday vs. Denver, Saturday vs. Golden State.  