  Notebook: Celtics 94, Bobcats 82 Posted Sunday April 15, 2012 9:26PM By Derek S. Smith, for NBA.com THE FACTS: Avery Bradley  and  Brandon Bass  each scored 22 points while  Rajon Rondo  had 20 points and 16 assists as the Boston Celtics defeated the Charlotte Bobcats 94-82 Sunday evening at Time Warner Cable Arena.  Gerald Henderson  led the Bobcats, who dropped their 16th straight game, with 22 points. QUOTABLE:  "When somebody is out we have a group of guys who will step up. Tonight it was me and Avery, but with this team it could be anybody. We got a veteran group. We've got leaders who make us comfortable, confident and encourage us."  --  Bass. THE STAT:  43, 16, 22. Rondo played a key role in this game. The Boston point guard played 43 minutes in the contest and dished out 16 assists. It was the 22nd consecutive game in which Rondo has reached double figures in assists. He is only the third player to ever notch double-digit assists in 20-straight games, joining Hall of Famers  John Stockton  and  Magic Johnson. TURNING POINT:  Bradley kick-started a 10-2 Boston run midway through the fourth quarter which put the Bobcats away for good. Charlotte had cut the lead to 78-74 after a dunk from  Derrick Brown , but Bradley's three put the lead back to seven. The run was completed with a Rondo driving lay-up two minutes later for an 88-76 advantage and a double-digit lead which Boston would never relinquish the remainder of the game. QUOTABLE II:  "It was a terrific win. When you don't play those guys ( Ray Allen, Kevin Garnett  &  Paul Pierce ) you're missing in essence 60 points. We had to get those points from other players and we did that tonight. Rajon (Rondo) and Avery (Bradley) and Brandon (Bass) stepped us for tonight on the offensive end. It was a great team win and makes everyone in that locker room feel good about themselves and realize what they mean to this team.  --  Boston head coach  Doc Rivers. HOT:  Bradley. The Boston guard has been given an opportunity to prove himself with the absence of Allen due to injury. Bradley stepped up again Sunday with a 22-point performance. Bradley scored 10 of his 22 in the third quarter and finished the night shooting 9-of-14 from the floor and 2-of-3 from behind the arc. He also hit both of his free throw attempts. The second-year player has scored in double figures in the five of his last six games and averaged 18.3 points during the team's back-to-back-to-back which is almost triple his average on the season. INSIDE THE ARENA:  The ACC was well represented tonight. Both  Roy Williams , the head coach of the University of North Carolina Tar Heels, and  Mark Gottfried , the head coach of the N.C. State Wolfpack, were seated courtside at Time Warner Cable Arena. The game was just a day after both had recruits playing in the Jordan Brand Classic High School All-Star game. GOOD MOVE:  Sitting the Big 3. It proved to be a good move by Rivers to sit Allen, Garnett and Pierce. The Celtics played without their three marquee players and still were able to handle the Charlotte Bobcats on Sunday evening. ROOKIE WATCH: Greg Sitemsma.  The rookie out of Wisconsin had eight points, five rebounds, a career-best six blocked shots and four steals in his second career start. NOTABLE:  The Bobcats are currently in their second 16-game losing streak of the season. Their last win was on March 17 against Toronto. If the Bobcats losing streak were to continue through its remaining seven games the team would set the record for lowest winning percentage and finish with a 23-game skid ... Henderson had a season-high tying five assists ...  D.J. Augustin  had 10 assists and zero turnovers ... This was the first game in which Allen, Garnett and Pierce have all missed a game since the trio was put together prior to the 2007-08 season ... The Celtics are 29-10 when shooting 45 percent or better from the field and 29-6 when scoring 90 or more ... Bass scored in double figures for the sixth straight game. He is averaging 16.8. points in that stretch. UP NEXT:  For the Celtics, Tuesday at New York, Wednesday vs. Orlando, Friday at Atlanta. For the Bobcats, Monday vs. New Orleans, Wednesday vs. Chicago, Friday vs. Memphis.  