  Spurs-Grizzlies notebook   By Marlon W. Morgan, for NBA.com Posted Sunday March 27, 2011 9:58PM THE FACTS:  In what could be a first round playoff matchup, the Memphis Grizzlies showed the NBA's top team they plan to be a team to be reckoned with. For the second time this month, the Grizzlies knocked off the Spurs, 111-104, Sunday evening in front of 17,098 at FedExForum.  Zach Randolph  and  Tony Allen  each had 23 points to lead the Grizzlies. The two teams split their season series, with the home team winning all four games. QUOTABLE:  "I said coming into this week there were a lot of teams beneath us that were looking at us in Boston as a loss, and probably looking at us in Chicago as a loss, and San Antonio as a loss, so to get two out of three, we put a little crinkle in their paper. That's what it's all about, going out there and competing every night.'"   --  Grizzlies coach  Lionel Hollins. THE STAT:  Facing their toughest three-game stretch of the season in which the Grizzlies played three of the league's top teams -- at Boston, at Chicago and the Spurs -- they managed to come out of it with a 2-1 record, which very easily could have been 3-0 after dropping a 99-96 decision at Chicago. Of the team's remaining eight games, five are against teams below .500. TURNING POINT:  With 5:39 remaining in the game and the Grizzlies trailing 94-89 after squandering nine-point lead, coach Lionel Hollins got on his team hard about turning up their effort after allowing  George Hill  to drive the basket at will. The Grizzlies responded by scoring six straight points to regain the lead, and went on to outscore the Spurs 22-10. Randolph had 11 of those points. HOT:  No player was as hot as Hill, who came off the bench to score a game-high 30 points. He did it in a variety of ways, driving the basket, knocking down jumpers and hitting his free throws. Hill was 9 of 12 from the floor and made 11 of his 12 free throws. NOT:  Spurs coach  Gregg Popovich  didn't get to stick around to witness his team's third straight loss without forward Tim Duncan. He was ejected with 2:10 left in the first half after receiving two technical fouls for showing his displeasure after a turnover by  Manu Ginobili  in which Popovich thought Ginobili was fouled. QUOTABLE II:  "We don't have time to worry about (injuries). Timmy is not coming back anytime soon, so we just have to keep playing and make sure we pound that rock and hopefully it will go our way.'"   --  Spurs guard  Tony Parker . NOTABLE:  On the no-foul call that got Popovich ejected, Ginobili suffered a left quad contusion. He started the third quarter and played nearly six minutes before leaving the game for good. Grizzlies forward  Sam Young  suffered a left right ankle sprain going in for a layup with 1:45 left in the second quarter. He did not return...With the win, the Grizzlies, currently in the eighth spot in the Western Conference, took a 2 1/2 game lead over Houston, which is at No. 9...Randolph's 11 rebounds pushed him over the 6,000-mark for his career, leaving him with 6,005...Grizzlies guard  O.J. Mayo  came off the bench to score 17 after hitting 4 of 6 from 3-point range. It's the most 3's Mayo made in a game since making five against the Spurs on Dec. 18...The Grizzlies finished the season 10-6 against the top four teams in the Western Conference (San Antonio, L.A. Lakers, Dallas and Oklahoma City). They split with the Spurs and Lakers, and were 3-1 winners against Dallas and the Thunder. UP NEXT:  For the Spurs, Monday vs. Portland, Thursday vs. Boston, Friday at Houston. For the Grizzlies, Wednesday vs. Golden State, Friday at New Orleans, Saturday vs. Minnesota.  