  Notebook: Jazz 109, Cavaliers 100 Posted Monday March 5, 2012 11:59PM By Brian Dulik, for NBA.com    THE FACTS:  Center  Al Jefferson  collected game highs of 25 points, 13 rebounds and seven assists, leading the Utah Jazz to a 109-100 victory over the Cleveland Cavaliers. Shooting guard  Gordon Hayward  added 23 points and five assists off the bench for the Jazz, who built a 17-point lead en route to snapping their six-game road losing streak. Point guard  Kyrie Irving  and power forward  Antawn Jamison  scored 22 points apiece for the Cavaliers, who have lost four straight home games and six in a row overall. Utah point guard  Devin Harris  exited in the third quarter with a sprained right knee and did not return. QUOTABLE:  "This was a game we knew we had to win in order to stay in the playoff hunt. Now, we need to keep playing like we played tonight. Our defense was great and we moved the ball really well, but it is only one game."   -- Jefferson THE STAT:  Despite coming off the bench for the first time in 2011-2012, Hayward matched his season-best scoring performance in just 28 minutes. The second-year pro from Butler shot 8-for-11 from the field, 2-for-3 on 3-pointers, and 5-for-5 from the foul line. Hayward even converted a soft alley-oop on a pass from  Earl Watson . "I was able to get more touches and run in transition and use my athleticism out there tonight," he said. "It was a different feeling because it was a different part of the game, but I had the same mentality. We were just out there playing."  TURNING POINT:  After the Cavaliers pulled within 34-33 early in the second quarter on a layup by shooting guard  Daniel Gibson , Utah rattled off 10 straight points to take command. The Jazz would extend that sequence into a 22-6 run -- fueled by six points from small forward  Josh Howard  and five from Hayward -- to take their largest lead at 56-39 with 51 seconds left in the first half. "A the beginning of the game, we were just so-so, but the second quarter was even worse," said Cleveland coach  Byron Scott , whose team went 5:35 without making a basket. QUOTABLE II:  "They just had the will. They outworked us, definitely. We came out going through the motions, and to win a basketball game, you've got to come out for 48 minutes and play hard."   -- Cavaliers power forward  Tristan Thompson HOT:  With Jefferson leading the way, the Jazz decisively won the rebounding battle 46-30. Power forward  Paul Millsap  added nine boards, while Howard and Favors each had five. ... Jefferson's seven assists were a career high. ... Utah swept its two-game season series with the Cavaliers. ... Irving scored 21 of his 22 points in the second half, shooting 10-for-13 on field goals. The top overall pick in the NBA Draft also had four assists and zero turnovers in 32 minutes. ... Jamison dished out a team-high and season-best six assists. NOT:  Jazz shooting guard  Raja Bell  had two points, three turnovers and one technical foul in his return from a six-game absence with a strained left adductor. ... Utah center  Enes Kanter  shot 1-for-6 and picked up three fouls in eight minutes. ... NBA Sprite Slam Dunk Contest winner  Jeremy Evans  only logged 50 seconds for the Jazz. ... Cavaliers starting center  Ryan Hollins  had three points and four boards in 28 minutes. ... Thompson missed five of his six field goal attempts -- all coming under the hoop -- and went 1-for-3 at the foul line. QUOTABLE III:  "Tonight was one of those games that you're hoping that -- sooner or later -- someone in the locker room starts getting (expletive) off besides me. That's what it boils down to. We can't keep playing this way."   -- Scott GOOD MOVE:  Jazz coach  Tyrone Corbin  said he shifted Hayward to a bench role so he could "get the ball into his hands more with the second group." The strategy worked brilliantly as Hayward ignited Utah's substitutes, while giving valued veteran Bell the chance to start. "I thought Gordon's energy was real good," Corbin said. "You never know how a guy will take (being taken out of the starting lineup), but he took it in a positive manner and really went with it. I really liked what I saw." BAD MOVE:  Utah's Watson jokingly vowed that he would get Jefferson into next year's Taco Bell Skills Challenge at NBA All-Star weekend, based on his seven-assist outing. "Did you see him out there? That's why he's my client," Watson said. "I'm going viral with my campaign starting tomorrow." ... Scott again called out his team following a decisive home loss, saying, "You have to ask the guys in the locker room. We weren't aggressive on both ends of the floor." NOTABLE:  Irving announced after the game that he will not play for Australia in the upcoming Summer Olympics. The 19-year-old was born in Melbourne while his father  Drederick  was playing professional basketball there, giving him dual citizenship. Irving said he was given assurances that his former coach at Duke,  Mike Krzyzewski , will remain in charge of Team USA for the 2016 Games in Rio, which was the deciding factor in bypassing this opportunity. ... Harris said he hoped to play Wednesday when the Jazz travel to Charlotte. "I just tweaked my MCL (medial collateral ligament) a little bit," he said. "I'll just rest it, and hopefully that will take care of it and I'll be good to go." UP NEXT:  For the Jazz, Wednesday @ Charlotte, Friday @ Philadelphia, Saturday @ Chicago. For the Cavaliers, Wednesday @ Denver, Friday @ Oklahoma City, Sunday vs. Houston.  