Notebook:  Cavs 113, Hawks 111 
 
 
 Micah Hart, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Nov 30, 2012 11:18 PM - Updated Sat Dec 01, 2012 5:08 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:  Cleveland snapped Atlanta's six-game winning streak when  Alonzo Gee  scored on a put back with 0.4 seconds to play to take a 113-111 victory. It's only the fourth win of the season for the Cavs, who came back repeatedly throughout the game to finally take the lead in the final minutes. 
 
 Lou Williams  hit a 3-pointer off an out of bounds play to tie the game at 111-111 with 13.6 seconds left. The Cavs then put the ball in rookie  Dion Waiters  hands, but his air ball was way off target. Fortunately Gee got behind  Josh Smith  for the rebound and putback, and  DeShawn Stevenson's  desperation heave was too late and too short. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "It's my fault, didn't box out." 
 --  Josh Smith  on the game's final possession. 
 
 
 THE STAT:  49. The Cavaliers out-rebounded the Hawks 49-28, leading to 27 second-chance points in the game -- none bigger than the two by Gee for the win. 
 
 THE STAT II:  21-22. It's the little things that help a losing team pick up a big road win, and the Cavaliers made the most of their trips to the free throw line, missing just one on the night. In a game decided by two points, the Cavs' ability to take advantage at the foul stripe coupled with the Hawks missing nine free throws (23-32) made a huge difference. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Atlanta led 97-89 after two Josh Smith free throws with 7:28 left in the game. Cleveland then went on a 16-2 run over the next five minutes to take a 105-99 lead, and they never trailed again. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "Anderson Varejao was terrific. And this time, everyone else didn't suck."
 -- Cavs coach Byron Scott. After Cleveland's loss to Phoenix in their last game, Scott said to the media: 'Anderson Varejao is fantastic, everybody else sucked.' 
 
 
 HOT:  The Hawks in the first half. Atlanta scored a season-best 67 points in the first 24 minutes. 
 
 NOT:   Dion Waiters  started hot for Cleveland, hitting 4-7 in the first half on his way to a team-leading 14 points. He couldn't keep it up in the second half however, hitting just 2-9 from the field, including the airball that fortunately led to the winning basket. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  When Waiters went cold, Scott put the ball in the hands of guard  Jeremy Pargo , and Pargo did not disappoint. Pargo scored on four straight possessions down the stretch for the Cavs, helping them turn an eight-point deficit into a six-point lead.  
 
 BAD MOVE:  Hawks coach  Larry Drew  chose to start a smaller lineup against the Cavaliers, starting  DeShawn Stevenson  instead of  Zaza Pachulia  against the Cleveland's rugged frontline. The Cavs saved several possessions throughout the game with timely offensive rebounds, including the game-winner. 
 
 NOTABLE:   Varejao continues to churn out numbers for the Cavaliers. Raggedy Andy posted his seventh straight double-double with 20 points and 18 rebounds. It was also the seventh straight game with 15-plus rebounds for Varejao. 
 
 UP NEXT:   For the Cavaliers, Saturday vs. Portland, Monday @ Detroit, Wednesday vs. Chicago. For the Hawks, Wednesday vs. Denver, Friday vs. Washington, Saturday at Memphis. 
