  Notebook: Magic 94, Bucks 85 Posted Friday February 17, 2012 11:21PM By Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com    THE FACTS:  The Milwaukee Bucks did not score in the last five minutes, 55 seconds of a 94-85 loss to the Orlando Magic. Hedo Turkoglu  had 10 points and three assists in the fourth quarter to lead the Magic back from a 10-point deficit to their fourth straight victory. Dwight Howard  led the Magic with 26 points and 20 rebounds. THE STAT:  Over the last 9 1/2 minutes, Milwaukee shot 1-for-16 with six turnovers. TURNING POINT:  With the Bucs leading, 85-77, Turkoglu drove for a three-point play with 5:45 remaining. The Bucks never scored again. QUOTABLE:  "I thought he was well rested for the fourth quarter, and then he played very well."  --  Magic head coach  Stan Van Gundy , noting Turkoglu's lack of production in the first three quarters. HOT:  Howard made 10-of-14 free throws, finally lifting his season percentage above .500 to .501. NOT: Brandon Jennings  shot 4-for-20, matching the Bucks' numbers in the fourth quarter. QUOTABLE II:  "I felt like I let my teammates down tonight. I was not able to contribute down the stretch. I had some great looks and they just didn't go in tonight."  --  Bucks guard Jennings. GOOD MOVE: Jon Brockman  drew two offensive fouls on Howard with outrageous flops. BAD MOVE:  Without centers  Andrew Bogut  (fractured left ankle) and  Drew Gooden  (sprained right wrist), Bucks head coach  Scott Skiles  tried rookie  Jon Leuer  as a starter against Howard. Leuer had one rebound and four fouls in 7:22 of playing time. QUOTABLE III:  "It was an eye-opening experience for Jon Leuer, I know that."  --  Skiles. ROOKIE WATCH:  While Leuer was overmatched,  Tobias Harris  came off the Bucks' bench with eight points and three rebounds in 16 minutes. NOTABLE:  Attending the funeral of his father in Louisiana,  Glen Davis  was not with the Magic. . . In a seven-day span, the Magic came back to win twice against the Bucks after being 10 points down in the fourth quarter . . . The Bucks missed their last 11 shots . . . It was the 39th 20/20 game of Howard's career . . . The Bucks have lost 12 straight times in Orlando. NEXT UP:  For the Bucks, Sunday @ New Jersey, Monday vs. Orlando, Wednesday @ Chicago. For the Magic, Sunday @ Miami, Monday @ Milwaukee, Wednesday @ New Jersey.  