  Notebook: Grizzlies 91, Warriors 90   By Geoff Lepper, for NBA.com  Posted Tuesday January 24, 2012 2:20AM THE FACTS: Rudy Gay  had a game-high 23 points, nine rebounds and four assists as the Memphis Grizzlies clawed back from a 20-point, second-half deficit to win their seventh consecutive game, beating the Golden State Warriors 91-90 Monday.  Mike Conley  had 20 points and nine assists for the Grizzlies, who outscored Golden State 39-22 in the fourth quarter, finishing on a 30-12 run over the final 7:11.  Monta Ellis  led Golden State with 20 points and  Stephen Curry  added 18, but they combined for 12 turnovers, six of them in the last period. QUOTABLE:  "It was a big win for us. We were dead in the water in the first half because we had no answers. They were making 3s, driving and doing everything. I just told the team at halftime: 'The way that we get back into the game is to attack the basket and touch them on defense. We just can't let them run around and do what they want to do. We don't play that way.' We don't quit, we fight."  --  Memphis coach  Lionel Hollins . THE STATS:  Golden State's offense stagnated in the fourth quarter, settling for too many jump shots, but as coach  Mark Jackson  pointed out, that wasn't the real problem. "We gave up 39 fourth-quarter points," Jackson said. "We gave up 16 fast-break points in the game, all of them in the fourth quarter. Those are glaring issues. We gave up 10 second-chance points in the fourth quarter. We allowed them to take over this basketball game, and we should be embarrassed with this loss." TURNING POINT:  The Grizzlies had been all but left for dead after trailing 63-43 with 3:23 left in the third quarter, and the Warriors still held a 17-point advantage with 7:11 remaining. But when Conley drained a 3-pointer -- just the second of the evening for Memphis, which struggled mightily behind the arc at 2-for-13 -- to get within single digits at 78-69, the momentum had swept up fully behind the Grizzlies. GOOD MOVE:  Hollins said before the game that this incarnation of the Grizzlies was better equipped to go small against the Warriors, and his players proved him right. Instead of playing big men  Marreese Speights  and  Marc Gasol  together, Hollins used just one at a time, tag-team style, throughout the fourth quarter. A three-guard look of Conley,  Tony Allen  and  O.J. Mayo  carried the team down the stretch. HOT:  Conley had nine points and five assists in the fourth quarter, but that wasn't even the best performance from a Memphis guard in the period. Allen finished with 10 points, three rebounds and four steals, hounding Ellis at every opportunity and derailing the Warriors' offense entirely. NOT:  As good as Memphis was in the fourth quarter, they were brutally terrible in the first three quarters, shooting just 37.7 percent from the field and committing 16 turnovers. QUOTABLE II:  "We had every opportunity to win. We did everything we could to let it slip away."  --  Curry. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Gay filled the stat sheet across the board, adding three steals, two blocks and (on the down side) four turnovers in 44 minutes. ROOKIE WATCH:  Warriors guard  Klay Thompson  looked the most assured he's been this season during a second-quarter stint with Golden State's second unit. Thompson had seven points (on 3-for-4 shooting) in that stretch. NOTABLE:  Gasol put up has 10th double-double with 15 points and 11 rebounds. Warriors forward  David Lee  (13 points, 12 board) also had his 10th double-double this season. . . . The 20-point advantage was Golden State's biggest lead of the season. . . . This is Memphis' longest winning streak since a seven-gamer in March 2006. . . . The Grizzlies had more points in the fourth quarter (39) than in the first half (35). . . . The Grizzlies' 13-point total was the lowest allowed by the Warriors in a first quarter this season. UP NEXT:  For the Warriors, Wednesday vs. Portland, Friday vs. Oklahoma City, Tuesday vs. Sacramento. For the Grizzlies, Tuesday @ Portland, Thursday @ Clippers, Saturday @ Phoenix.  