  Bobcats-Grizzlies notebook   By Derek S. Smith, for NBA.com Posted Monday January 10, 2011 10:46PM THE FACTS: Stephen Jackson  scored a game-high 27 points and  D.J. Augustin  added 18 as the Charlotte Bobcats downed the Memphis Grizzlies 96-82 Monday night at Time Warner Cable Arena for the team's first three-game win streak of the season.  Zach Randolph  led all Memphis scorers with 15 points while grabbing a game-high 15 rebounds. QUOTABLE:  "Our defense was great tonight. We found a way to get out there and run early. A win is a win and that's something to build on. We didn't let them run their offense they wanted to and were really getting after it with steals and blocking shots."   -- Jackson, on what led to the Bobcats' win THE STAT:  Bench play. The Charlotte Bobcats bench was a key catalyst Monday night in the victory. The Bobcats bench outscored Memphis 28-18 and shot an impressive 12-for-19 from the floor.  Matt Carroll  led the way for the Charlotte reserves with 12 points. "They showed a lot of confidence in me to be out there," Carroll said. "They were looking for me and encouraging me to shoot. we're playing together. No one is caring about who scores it's about winning. It's a lot of fun out there." TURNING POINT:  Hustling defense. The Bobcats picked up the win Monday thanks to strong play on the defensive end and with lots of hustle. Carroll started a key play to showcase that with a deflection of a pass on the perimeter during the second quarter. He finished the play by hustling down and getting the ball for a fast break layup and then the Bobcats drew a charge on the following play. The basket from Carroll put Charlotte up 11 with 7:24 to play in the opening half.  HOT:  Jackson. The Bobcats leading scorer poured in a game-best 27 points while adding six rebounds, four assists, four steals and a block. Jackson has scored at least 20 in each of the first seven games of the  Paul Silas  era in Charlotte. NOT:  Memphis offense. The Grizzlies shot 39.1 percent from the floor and trailed by as many as 23 points Monday night. Memphis made 2-of-10 from behind the arc and were only 12-for-22 from the free throw line. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  D.J. Augustin. The Charlotte point guard scored 18 points and dished out nine assists while grabbing four rebounds and adding a steal. Augustin was also perfect from the free throw line and added two three pointers to his stat line. He has had at least 16 points and eight rebounds in each of his last three games for the Bobcats. INSIDE THE ARENA:  The Charlotte area was pelted with a winter storm Monday that greatly impacted attendance. The announced crowd of tickets distributed was 10,188, but an informal count of those in attendance was much closer to just 1,000 fans. Grizzlies TV color commentator  Brevin Knight  was a member of the Bobcats early in its existence and spent time before the game catching up with former teammates and team employees. ROOKIE WATCH: Greivis Vasquez  scored two points in nine minutes of action for the Grizzlies a night after watching his alma mater Maryland lose to Duke Sunday night in Durham, N.C. NOTABLE: Gerald Henderson  scored nine points and grabbed one rebound a game after recording career bests in points and rebounds. Bobcats forward  Boris Diaw  played in his 176th consecutive game since joining the Bobcats, breaking the franchise record of 175 set by  Emeka Okafor . The Bobcats recorded their ninth game of this season with at least 10 blocks which is the highest single-season total in franchise history. The three-game winning streak for Charlotte is the longest this season. Randolph recorded his 24th double-double of the season for the Grizzlies while  Rudy Gay  recorded his 35th double figure scoring game this season. The Bobcats are now 5-2 under Silas as interim coach. UP NEXT:  For the Grizzlies, Wednesday at Detroit, Saturday vs. Dallas and Monday vs. Chicago. For the Bobcats, Wednesday vs. Chicago, Friday @ Boston and Saturday vs. New Orleans.  