  Lakers-Wizards notebook   By Rich Dubroff, for NBA.com  Posted Tuesday December 14, 2010 11:51PM THE FACTS:   Kobe Bryant  scored 24 points in 24 minutes --12 in a 1:55 span of the third quarter -- to lead the Los Angeles Lakers to a 103-89 win over the Washington Wizards on Tuesday night.  Lamar Odom  had 18 points and 10 rebounds for the Lakers while  Pau Gasol  had16 points, nine rebounds and seven assists.  Shannon Brown  had 16, and  Andrew Bynum , playing his first game after offseason knee surgery had seven points in 17 minutes. Washington lost for the fifth straight time and ninth time in 10 games.  QUOTABLE:  "It got going for me in the third quarter."   -- Kobe Bryant THE STAT:  Bryant scored a point a minute, and sat out the final 13 ½ minutes. TURNING POINT:  Bryant missed three free throws with six minutes to play in the third, and shortly after the "hat trick," his hot streak began. QUOTABLE II:  "After [Bryant] missed those free throws, I called  Nick [Young]  and  Gil [Arenas]  over, and told them, 'be ready.'"   -- Wizards coach  Flip Saunders  on Bryant's hot streak. HOT:  You can't be hotter than Bryant was for two minutes in the third quarter. Young had 17 points in 17 minutes in the first half. NOT:  The Wizards' starting backcourt of Gilbert Arenas and  Kirk Hinrich  shot just 8-for-25 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Gasol is averaging 16.7 points and 10.4 rebounds in his last five games, and came close to a triple-double after being chided by coach  Phil Jackson  before the game. GOOD MOVE:  Jackson sitting Bryant after he went on the tear. The Lakers are in the middle of a seven-game trip to the East, and they play at Indiana on Wednesday. BAD MOVE:  Saunders not starting Young in the second half after his torrid first-half scoring. Coming off the bench in the second half, he missed six of his eight shots. ROOKIE WATCH:  When  Yi Jianlian  left after five minutes into the game with a sprained right knee,  Trevor Booker  played a season-high 34 minutes and had nine points and nine rebounds for Washington.  Kevin Seraphin  had six points in 15 minutes. Los Angeles'  Derrick Caracter  had two points in the final two minutes. IN THE ARENA:  With the Lakers in town, a host of Washington-area sports figures watched.  Jayson Werth , who signed a seven-year, $126 million contract with the Washington Nationals last week, Washington Redskins  Donovan McNabb ,  DeAngelo Hall  and  Mike Sellers , University of Maryland basketball coach  Gary Williams  and Washington Capitals wing  Alex Ovechkin  were all introduced to the crowd. Ovechkin got the loudest ovation. NOTABLE:  The only player on the Lakers roster not to see action was little-used guard  Sasha Vujacic . He is reportedly involved in a three-way trade with Houston and New Jersey that would bring veteran forward  Joe Smith  to the Lakers . UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Wednesday @ Pacers, Friday @ Sixers, Sunday @ Raptors. For the Wizards, Thursday @ Nets, Saturday vs. Heat, Monday vs. Bobcats  