  Bulls-Raptors notebook   By Holly J. MacKenzie, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday December 15, 2010 10:55PM THE FACTS:  On Wednesday night at the Air Canada Centre, the Chicago Bulls took down a depleted Toronto Raptors team 110-93. The Raptors were without  Andrea Bargnani  and  Jose Calderon  and the Bulls took advantage, led by a 34-point, 12-rebound performance from  Carlos Boozer . After the game, the Bulls announced that  Joakim Noah  will undergo surgery to repair a torn ulna collateral ligament in his right thumb. The surgery will be performed tomorrow morning and Noah could be sidelined up to 10 weeks. Noah played in the game against the Raptors and finished with 11 points and 11 rebounds in 26 minutes. QUOTABLE:  "From my arm. From the pain in my arm. I told him to get 40. You can ask him. Before the game I told him to get 40. I knew it was one of those nights where my arm wasn't right. I knew my passing was going to have to win the game ... they have some small bigs and he's big. He's a bully out there. That's what he did tonight. ... If he would have just hit his free throws, he would have had 40."   --  Derrick Rose  on when he knew Carlos Boozer was going to have a big night for the Bulls. THE STAT:  Without Bargnani, the Raptors needed a big night from  Amir Johnson . What they got from him were 20 lackluster minutes. Johnson picked up his second personal foul after playing just four minutes and was sent to the bench. He would get back in the game, but would not provide a boost for the Raptors on the night when they needed it most. Johnson finished with just two points and three rebounds. In comparison, reserve  Joey Dorsey  had a 12-point, 13-rebound double-double in 28 minutes of play off of the bench. TURNING POINT:  Leading by five after the first quarter, the Bulls exploded for 40 second quarter points where they shot 70 percent, making 16-for-23 shots. With 5:20 remaining in the first half, the Bulls went on a 13-2 run to turn a 10 point advantage into a 21-point advantage. They would take a 19-point lead into the locker room at the half. During the run, Boozer scored six of his 20 first-half points. QUOTABLE II:  "We knew a few days ago, but he [Noah] wanted to play tonight and he did a great job. It seemed like he had 10 rebounds in 20 minutes or whatever it was. He's a warrior. He's been like that since I've been here, he's been like that since before I got here. Again, I say we take our hats off to him for playing through the pain he's had for the last two or three weeks. We wish him a speedy recovery to get back because we're going to need him down the stretch."   -- Carlos Boozer on Noah's inury and upcoming surgery QUOTABLE III:  "It's embarrassing. I don't like it. I'm not used to it and I'm not going to stand for it. We all have to get better."    -- Raptors'  Jerryd Bayless . HOT:  Boozer was brilliant for the Bulls, finishing with 34 points and 12 rebounds in just 26 minutes of action. Boozer shot 13-for-17 from the floor and 8-for-11 from the free-throw line while adding three assists and two steals. This comes after a 22-point, 18-rebound performance against the Pacers on Monday night. It was Boozer's first 30-point game of the season and his fourth time recording a double-double this year. NOT:   Linas Kleiza  came off of the bench to play 18 minutes and score just four points on 2-for-9 shooting, including 0-for-3 from beyond the arc. He added just three rebounds and did not tally any assists or steals. On a night when the Raptors needed contributions from everyone, Kleiza was missing in action. INSIDE THE ARENA:  It was Italian night at the Air Canada Centre and fans were given an Andrea Bargnani bobblehead. Unfortunately, this was the only Bargnani sighting of the night as he sat with a sore left knee. ROOKIE WATCH:  Toronto's  Ed Davis  got his first career start in place of the injured Bargnani. While this was only his ninth game of the year after missing the start of the season rehabbing from arthroscopic surgery performed over the offseason, Davis pulled down a career-high 10 rebounds to go with 10 points in 32 minutes of action. NOTABLE:   K.C. Johnson  of the  Chicago Tribune  reported during the game that the Bulls will announce Joakim Noah is scheduled to undergo surgery on his right thumb and could be sidelined up to 10 weeks. The Bulls sent out a release shortly after the game saying that Noah will undergo surgery to repair a torn ulna collateral ligament in his right thumb. The surgery will be performed tomorrow morning. The Bulls outrebounded the Raptors 37-27 in the game. The 12 points and 13 rebounds were both career-highs for Dorsey. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Saturday vs. the Los Angeles Clippers, Tuesday vs. Philadelphia and Wednesday @ Washington. For the Raptors, Friday vs. New Jersey, Sunday vs. Los Angeles Lakers and Wednesday vs. Detroit.  