
 Bobcats-Warriors notebook   By Geoff Lepper, for NBA.com Posted Saturday January 29, 2011 2:29AM THE FACTS:   Stephen Jackson  scored 31 points -- including a game-tying, banked 3-pointer with 0.6 seconds left in regulation and seven more in overtime -- to deliver the Charlotte Bobcats a 121-113 victory against the Golden State Warriors on Friday.  D.J. Augustin  added 27 points, 12 assists, four steals and four rebounds for the Bobcats, who are 3-0 to start their season-long six-game road trip.  Stephen Curry 's 27 points and five assists were wasted by the Warriors, who have dropped four straight. THE STAT:  16 -- the deficit Charlotte overcame in less than 15 minutes. The Bobcats trailed 76-60 with 2:37 remaining in the third quarter after  Monta Ellis  drained a 3-pointer, but Charlotte continued to apply its defensive pressure and the Warriors cracked. Golden State shot 6-for-19 the rest of the way in regulation, with five turnovers, opening the door to the Bobcats' comeback. QUOTABLE:  "I tell them, 'Just because you believe, it doesn't necessarily mean it's going to happen, but if you don't, for sure it's not going to happen.' . . . I said early on if we could go home 3-3 (on the road trip), it would be outstanding for us, but never did I think we were going to have three wins in a row to start. To have that is just beyond description, because all three of those games, we could have lost."    -- Charlotte coach  Paul Silas TURNING POINT:  The Warriors led by five points with 27.8 seconds left after  Dorell Wright  flushed what looked like a game-clinching fast-break slam. But Jackson -- who had been 0-for-3 at the foul line -- was hammered taking a 3-pointer and drained the trio of free throws to make it a 100-98 Warriors lead with 17.4 seconds left. After Ellis split a pair of free throws, the Warriors forced a 3-point miss from  Gerald Wallace  at the 4.9-second mark. Golden State couldn't corral the rebound, however, and the ball fell to Augustin, who swung it to the top of the key, where Jackson drained it off the backboard. QUOTABLE II:  "He just told me, 'I make 'em big when it counts, coach.' And I said, 'You're absolutely right about that.' It was great."    -- Paul Silas on Stephen Jackson, who missed his first six 3-pointers before hitting the one to force overtime GOOD MOVE:   Gerald Henderson  is never a great offensive threat, but with six rebounds, a career-high five assists and a game-best plus-15 rating, he was an integral part of Charlotte's comeback, clocking 21 of his 30 minutes after halftime, including the entire OT period. Said Jackson: "Gerald Henderson is the main reason we won tonight. We wouldn't have done it without him." BAD MOVE:  Ellis has made bad moves late in games, getting too close to opposing players and giving up bad fouls. Friday was no different: Ellis charged out wildly at Jackson, who hadn't hit a 3-pointer all game long, and gave the Bobcats a chance to score three points at the free-throw line with the clock stopped with only 17.4 seconds remaining. Without that mistake, Jackson likely never gets a chance to hit his trey and the Warriors notch a much-needed win. HOT:  Curry went scoreless through the first 18:10 of the second half, but made up for it in the final 5:50 of the fourth quarter, dropping 13 of the Warriors' last 18 points in regulation. NOT:  In addition to the costly late foul, Ellis had an all-around wretched night, beginning with four turnovers in the first four minutes and finishing with a 6-for-24 shooting performance -- thanks in large part to Henderson hounding him defensively. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  At $3.5 million this season, Wright is one of the league's best non-rookie-contract bargains. He continued his stat-stuffing Friday with 21 points, six rebounds and six assists. NOTABLE:  Struggling Warriors center  Andris Biedrins  was force-fed the ball early and showed signs of improvement, finishing with 10 points and 12 boards for just his second double-double of the season. . . . Augustin's 12 assists and four steals both tied his career-high marks in those categories. . . . Charlotte's 20 points in OT was the most scored by any NBA team in more than a year. Boston had 22 against Toronto on Jan. 12, 2009. . . . The 16-point advantage was Golden State's second-largest blown lead in a loss this year. The Warriors blew a 20-point bulge in Miami on New Year's Day. . . . Charlotte has won three straight in Oakland. UP NEXT:  For the Bobcats, Saturday @ Clippers, Monday @ Utah, Wednesday @ Detroit. For the Warriors, Sunday vs. Utah, Thursday vs. Milwaukee, Saturday vs. Chicago. 
