  Hornets-Suns notebook   By Larry Holder, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday March 16, 2011 11:42PM THE FACTS: Chris Paul  piled up a third consecutive 25-plus point performance as he scored 26 points and dished out nine assists as the New Orleans Hornets defeated the Phoenix Suns 100-95 on Wednesday night at the New Orleans Arena. QUOTABLE:  "It's the way it's going. It's winning time. You can't wait and hope that other teams lose in order to try to get position. The only way that we can stay in the playoffs is that we continue to win."  --  Paul on his and the team's aggressiveness down the stretch. THE STAT:  The Hornets' main scoring trio led New Orleans to this win. Paul,  David West  and  Emeka Okafor  for 58 of the team's 100 points. West and Okafor each scored 16 points to give Paul sufficient help on the scoreboard, unlike in the Hornets' Monday night loss to Denver at home. Okafor also had 11 rebounds, while West tallied nine boards. TURNING POINT:  The Hornets propelled themselves to a 20-5 run during the latter stages of the first quarter and into the second quarter as New Orleans jumped out to a 42-32 lead with 7:28 remaining in the first half. The Hornets never trailed after that stretch. QUOTABLE II:  "He tried, but he's not the same guy. I didn't expect him to be. Just to have him out there was good for us. He's not going to be 100 percent, and with him that's important that he has that zip."  --  Suns coach  Alvin Gentry  on guard Steve Nash, who returned after missing two games with pelvic instability. Nash only had eight points and 10 assists. HOT:  Suns guards  Vince Carter  and  Jared Dudley  nearly single-handedly kept Phoenix in the game. Dudley scored a team-high 25 points off the bench, while Carter added 21. The two also combined to shoot 10 of 17 from 3-point land. NOT:  Suns starters  Hakin Warrick  and  Robin Lopez  were complete non-factors against the Hornets as they combined to score one point and neither of them made a field goal. GOOD MOVE:  Paul's early aggressiveness open the game up early for the Hornets. Too often this season Paul has played passive and relied on others for the scoring punch. Paul's early success gave others open looks later in the game. NOTABLE:  The Hornets are in sole possession of sixth place in the Western Conference as they jumped 1/2 game ahead of idle Portland...Suns forward  Channing Frye  will still miss at least a week with a dislocated right shoulder. Frye missed his fifth consecutive game on Wednesday with the injury...Hornets coach  Monty Williams  said he's not going to tell his players to let up to avoid fouls and voiced some frustration with the recent rash of fouls. "In the Dallas game, we were called dirty because we were physical," Williams said. "And lately we've been getting fouls calls because we're physical. I wouldn't say it's a conspiracy, but it's amazing how we're getting all these fouls called on us after the Dallas game and  Marco (Belinelli)  is getting fined."...The Hornets and Suns will play two more times within the next 10 games. UP NEXT:  For the Suns, Friday vs. Golden State, Sunday @ L.A. Clippers, Tuesday @ L.A. Lakers. For the Hornets, Saturday vs. Boston, March 24 @ Utah, March 25 @ Phoenix.  