Notebook: Spurs 109, Bucks 77 
 
 
 Rick Braun, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Dec 11, 2013 11:16 PM - Updated Wed Dec 11, 2013 11:16 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Spurs scored the first nine points of the game and led by as many as 38 in an easy victory. 
 
 THE LEAD:  Tim Duncan  had 21 points and 16 rebounds in just 24 minutes of play as the San Antonio Spurs cruised to a 109-77 blowout of the Milwaukee Bucks Wednesday night at the BMO Harris Bradley Center. 
 
 Tony Parker  added 15 points as the Spurs (17-4) blew the game open in the first half and were never threatened. 
 Rookie  Nate Wolters  led the Bucks (5-17) with 18 points.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I just made shots. That's what it came down to. We moved the ball real well and we made open shots. We were able to get a lead, and I thought defensively we were solid. We were real active. Just good energy on a back-to-back for us." 
 -- Tim Duncan 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Spurs outrebounded the Bucks 17-4 in the first quarter. Milwaukee claimed just one defensive rebound in the period, and the game was never close after that. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The opening tip was pretty much the beginning of the end for Milwaukee. The Spurs won the tap and scored to start a 9-0 run and led, 32-16, after one. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "There's not much you can learn except try to do better next time. You know what's coming with Tim Duncan, it's just a matter of stopping it. I, personally, had a hard time. He was hitting some shots and got it going. Especially off the pick-and-pop, and I think that really got him going." 
 -- Bucks center  John Henson 
 
 
 HOT:  Duncan made 9-for-12 shots on an array of inside moves and 18-footers. 
 
 NOT:  Milwaukee starters combined to go 7-for-28 and score just 19 points, and reserve  Ersan Ilyasova  went 3-for-16. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Both teams were in the second game of back-to-backs, but Spurs coach  Gregg Popovich  was able to keep all of his players under 29 minutes Tuesday night.  
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  The Bucks were led in scoring by their three rookies. Second-round pick Wolters had 18, first-rounder  Giannis Antetokounmpo  had 15 and center  Miroslav Raduljica  had 10. 
 
 NOTABLE:  After having a strong game Tuesday night with 14 points, San Antonio center  Aron Baynes  was a scratch Wednesday night with a sprained left ankle. ...  Jeff Ayres  started in place of injured  Tiago Splitter  and had 10 rebounds in 25 minutes while not attempting a shot. ... The Bucks only had 10 healthy players available as  Caron Butler  remains out with a swollen knee,  Zaza Pachulia  is out with a fractured foot and former Spur  Gary Neal  was out after receiving a cortisone shot in his left foot. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Spurs, Friday vs. Minnesota, Saturday @ Utah, Monday @ Los Angeles Clippers. For the Bucks, Friday vs. Chicago, Saturday @ Dallas, Wednesday vs. New York. 
