  Celtics-Heat notebook   By Brian Robb, for NBA.com Posted Sunday February 13, 2011 4:52PM THE FACTS:   Rajon Rondo  had a triple-double with 11 points, 10 rebounds and 10 assists as the Boston Celtics held off a late charge by the Miami Heat for a 85-82 win. Miami clawed all the way back from a 12-point deficit in the fourth quarter, but  Mike Miller  missed an open three-pointer with three seconds remaining.  Kevin Garnett  led six Boston players in double figures with 19 points, while  Chris Bosh  led all scorers with 24 points.  LeBron James  chipped in with 22 points as well for the Heat, but missed a crucial opportunity to tie the game when he bricked the first of his two free throws with 20 seconds remaining. With the victory, Boston has regained the top spot in the Eastern Conference, while snapping the Heat's eight-game winning streak. QUOTABLE:  "You can downplay it all you want, but this was a big game for us"  -  Rondo on the win. THE STAT:  Boston hit 10 of their 12 shots during their 35-point third quarter. That point total was just four fewer than their entire first half output. TURNING POINT:  After struggling through a sloppy first half, the Celtics asserted themselves during the first six minutes of the third quarter. Boston dominated play on both ends of the floor with a 20-3 run, highlighted by the stellar effort of Rondo who had nine points, four rebounds, and three assists in the frame. QUOTABLE II:  "This is typical big brother stuff, and you got to get over it. I've been through it before; LeBron's been through it before with the Pistons....You've got to get over the hump and we're getting close, so we continue to learn from it."  -  Dwyane Wade  on losing three straight games to the Celtics. HOT:  Bosh --The power forward hit all four of his shots in the first half, and finished 8-of-11 from the field on his way to 24 points. The former Raptors also had a double-double, grabbing 10 rebounds on the afternoon. NOT:   Paul Pierce  appeared to be limited by the flu bug as he battled through his worst offensive outing of the season. The Celtics' captain scored a season low one point, and missed all ten of his shots from the field. QUOTABLE III:  "I thought Rondo just willed us the game. That wasn't a set game plan for him to guard James. Rondo took it upon himself to guard and harass whoever was bringing up the ball and I thought that changed the game for us."  -  Head coach  Doc Rivers FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  It was the third triple-double of the year for Rondo, who led the Celtics in rebounding with 10 boards. The All-Star point guard continues to lead the league in assists with 12.3 per game. NOTABLE:  The Celtics honored  Ray Allen  before the game for setting a new record Thursday for most made three-pointers in NBA history. Dwyane Wade was whistled for a flagrant (one) foul after shoving Garnett in the third quarter. Wade also turned his ankle, landing awkwardly while contesting a Pierce three-point attempt in the third quarter. He remained in the game.  Nate Robinson  played just four minutes with a bruised right knee and did not see action in the second half. Boston got a major spark off the bench from  Von Wafer  and  Glen Davis  who combined for 26 points. In comparison, the Heat just got eight points from their second unit on 2-of-12 shooting. The Celtics scored just 11 points in the fourth quarter. Miami had 12 of their 15 turnovers in the first half. Boston tallied 15 fast break points. UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Tuesday @ Indiana, Wednesday @ Toronto, Tuesday vs. Sacramento. For the Celtics, Wednesday vs. New Jersey, Tuesday @ Golden State, Thursday @ Denver.  