Notebook: Heat 110, Magic 94 
 
 
 Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Jan 04, 2014 11:34 PM - Updated Sat Jan 04, 2014 11:34 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  On  LeBron James ' second-worst shooting night of the season, the Miami Heat still shot 54 percent to beat the Orlando Magic for the eighth straight time. 
 
 THE LEAD:  James made only 5 of his 13 shots (38.5 percent), but  Chris Bosh  converted all nine of his field-goal attempts and the defending NBA champion Heat dropped the Magic 110-94 on Saturday night. 
 Former Magic forward  Rashard Lewis , replacing the injured  Shane Battier , chipped in with a season-high 18 points for Miami (25-8). Bosh and  Dwyane Wade  scored 20 points apiece, while James finished with 15 points, eight rebounds and eight assists. 
 
 Jameer Nelson  went 5-for-8 on 3-point shots and scored a game-high 21 points for Orlando (10-23). 
 
 THE STAT:  Every Heat starter shot better than 50 percent except James, who is shooting 59 percent for the season. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "Tonight was one of those games where I didn't have too much pressure to score. I just tried to get my guys the ball, tried to get some rebounds and make a couple timely shots in the fourth quarter that kind of upped the lead." 
 -- Miami's LeBron James 
 
 
 TURNING POINT:  With the Heat leading by a point midway through the third quarter, Lewis was fouled by  Tobias Harris  while making a 3-pointer. His four-point play came early in a 15-0 Miami run, after which the Magic never got the lead under nine. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "It's for us to learn, when a team goes on a run, how we will respond? Tonight, we didn't respond very well." 
 -- Orlando's Tobias Harris 
 
 
 HOT:  The Heat shot better than 50 percent for the seventh time in eight games. 
 
 NOT:  Starting for the first time in nearly a month, Magic forward  Andrew Nicholson  missed all four of his shots, was yanked in the game's seventh minute and never got back in. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Lewis, a key figure in Orlando's march to the NBA Finals in 2009, came through against his former team in only his second start of the season. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "It was almost like perfect timing. You don't wish anything bad on your teammates to get hurt, but coach called my name to start tonight and I came out and played well. I'm very happy about it, especially in front of these fans. It means a lot to me. These fans showed a lot of support and it was a lot of fun for me." 
 -- Miami's Rashard Lewis 
 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Nicholson was too slow and limited to play starter's minutes against Miami. 
 
 IN THE ARENA:  Music superstar Paul Simon had a front-row seat and stayed for the whole game. 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Harris (17 points, 10 rebounds) is starting to put up consistent numbers for the Magic after missing 21 of the first 22 games with an ankle injury. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH: Victor Oladipo  gave the Magic 35 minutes of high energy, 16 points and six rebounds, but matched James' 5-for-13 shooting. 
 
 NOTABLE:  The Heat have won 22 straight divisional games, one short of the NBA record set by the 1961 Boston Celtics . . . Battier sat out the game with a bruised quad . . . The Magic played their sixth game without center  Nik Vucevic  (sprained ankle). They have lost all six . . . James' worst shooting game of the season so far is  6-for-16 (37.5) at Indiana on Dec. 10.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Sunday vs. Toronto, Tuesday vs. New Orleans, Thursday @ New York. For the Magic, Monday @ L.A. Clippers, Wednesday @ Portland, Friday @ Sacramento. 
