  Notebook: Knicks 104, Bobcats 84 Posted Thursday April 26, 2012 11:38PM By Derek S. Smith, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The Charlotte Bobcats put themselves in the NBA record book Thursday night with a 104-84 loss to the New York Knicks at Time Warner Cable Arena. The Bobcats now hold the league record for lowest winning percentage at .106 (7-59). That record eclipses the 1972-73 Philadelphia 76ers squad that finished 9-73 for a .110 percentage.  J.R. Smith  led all scorers with 22 points off the bench for the Knicks. QUOTABLE:  "Disappointed. We felt we were better than what our record said. We had some injuries and things never seemed to get on track, but obviously 7-59 wasn't we had planned to do this year. It's just disappointing."  - - Charlotte guard  Gerald Henderson THE STAT:  The Bobcats finished the season on a 23-game losing streak which is tied for the third longest in league history with the Vancouver Grizzlies (1995-96) and the Denver Nuggets (1997-98). The Cleveland Cavaliers hold the NBA league's longest losing streak at 26 which was set during the 2010-11 season. The Bobcats' 23-game skid is the longest to end a season in NBA history, surpassing a 19-game run by the Cavaliers to close out the 1981-82 campaign. TURNING POINT:  The And 1. The Knicks blew the game wide open late in the third on a driving dunk from  Amar'e Stoudemire  over  Tyrus Thomas  with 2:33 to play. Stoudemire converted the three-point play and then a jumper from Smith pushed the New York lead to 10 points at 69-59. QUOTABLE II:  "If we had had all our guys and we had done this, I don't' know what I'd have done. But, we had injuries that took a big toll. I'm not ashamed of what we've done. I would have liked for it to be different. These guys have me everything they had. I can't fault them for this. They gave me all they could."  - - Charlotte coach  Paul Silas HOT:  Stoudemire. The Knicks' center was 9-for-15 from the floor and scored 21 points in just 24 minutes of action. He also added two blocked shots, three assists and two rebounds. New York rested Stoudemire for the entirety of the second and fourth quarters and were still able to pick up the 20-point win. NOT:  The Bobcats' second half. Charlotte was outscored 58-40 in the second half and allowed the Knicks to shoot 62.2 percent (23-of-37) from the floor. The Bobcats offense was equally ineffective at 40.6 percent (13-of-32). FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  The Knicks brought Smith off the bench to net a game-best 22 points on 10-of-16 shooting while dishing out six assists. It was his third 20-point outburst in the last six games. He is averaging 21.5 points and 5.5 assists in the last two games for the Knicks. INSIDE THE ARENA:   Charles Oakley  and  Michael Jordan  were both in the building, but did not make an appearance in the seating bowl during the game. NBA Deputy Commissioner  Adam Silver  was also in attendance and spoke to reporters before the game including the topic of the Hornets nickname. There was also a group in attendance called "Bring Back the Buzz" which is a grassroots movement trying to convince the Bobcats ownership to rename the team the Charlotte Hornets. The game was also televised on TNT marking the first national television appearance for the Bobcats this season. GOOD MOVE:  Resting your starters. New York coach  Mike Woodson  was able to rest  Baron Davis ,  Carmelo Anthony  and  Tyson Chandler  while still picking up a win. "This showed me who could step in and do the job for us. This team will be tested and now I know more of what I've got. We wanted to be safe and rest our guys and we accomplished that," Woodson said. NOTABLE:  This was the 24th loss by 20 or more points by Charlotte this season ...  Bismack Biyombo  recorded his ninth consecutive game with at least two blocked shots which is the longest active streak in the NBA ...  D.J. Augustin  scored 12 points which his 25th game in double figures ... The Knicks clinched the seventh seed in the Eastern Conference as a result of the victory ... center  Jerome Jordan  scored a career-high 14 points for the Knicks ...  Mike Bibby  recorded a season-high 12 assists ... the 18 points from  Josh Harrellson  were a career high. UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Saturday at Miami, Monday at Miami, Thursday vs. Miami. For the Bobcats, the season is over.  