  Notebook: Mavericks 102, Nuggets 84 Posted Wednesday February 15, 2012 11:52PM By Dave Ivey, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Denver's high-octane offense stalled in Dallas on Wednesday as  Shawn Marion  and the Mavericks cruised to a 102-84 victory against the Nuggets at the American Airlines Center. Marion had 16 points, 10 rebounds and six assists as the Mavericks matched their longest winning streak of the season at five straight. Five others scored in double figures for Dallas:  Vince Carter  (15),  Lamar Odom  (14),  Jason Kidd  (13),  Dirk Nowitzki  (12) and  Brandan Wright  (10). The Nuggets, who had won three straight meetings in Dallas and came in as the NBA's top-scoring team at 104.1 points per game, got 14 points from  Rudy Fernandez  -- none in the second half -- and 12 points and 14 boards from  Kosta Koufos .  Al Harrington  had 13 points and rookies  Kenneth Faried  (12) and Jordan  Hamilton  (10) also reached twin digits. QUOTABLE:  "I'm just doing what I do every game. Y'all are just not paying attention to me. I'm just playing my game and I pride myself in being the best basketball player I can. Not position-wise, but as a player as a whole. I do it all."  --  Marion, who was 8-for-14 from the field. THE STAT:  It was Marion's fifth double-double. The rest of the Mavericks have combined for three this season, two by Nowitzki and one by  Brendan Haywood . Dallas is 13-1 when Marion scores 13-plus. TURNING POINT:  The Mavericks were never threatened after a 12-1 run in the second quarter. Back-to-back 3-pointers by Carter, back-to-back dunks by Wright and two free throws by  Dominique Jones  put Dallas ahead 49-33 with 1:52 left in the half. HOT:  Kidd matched his season high with four 3-pointers (three in the third quarter). He also drained four in the first meeting against Denver in Dallas on Dec. 26. NOT:  The Nuggets set season lows for points in a half (39 in the first) and a quarter (15 in the third on 4-for-17 shooting). Denver shot a season-worst 35.7 percent from the field, including 22.2 percent (6-for-27) from 3-point range. GOOD MOVE:  Marion continues to make his case for All-Defensive Team consideration. His primary assignment in this game, speedy point guard  Ty Lawson , managed just three points on 1-for-8 shooting against "The Matrix." BAD MOVE:  Mavericks guard  Delonte West  suffered a fractured and dislocated right ring finger while trying to reach in for a steal midway through the second quarter. He finished with three points, three assists, two blocks and two steals in nearly 12 minutes. There was no immediate word on how long West might be out. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Carter (20,794) passed "The Admiral,"  David Robinson  (20,790) for 33rd place on the NBA's all-time scoring list. Nowitzki recorded his 999th career blocked shot and needs one more to join  Clifford Robinson  and  Rasheed Wallace  as the only players in league history with at least 1,000 blocks and 1,000 3-pointers. INSIDE THE ARENA:  The Mavs gave Nuggets forward  Corey Brewer  his 2011 NBA championship ring in a pregame ceremony. He received a standing ovation. "He became a fan favorite here because of his high energy and his attacking style of play," Dallas head coach  Rick Carlisle  said. "This guy's a winner ... and now he's a world champion." Brewer was just 3-for-15 against his old team, finishing with nine points, seven rebounds, five steals and four assists. NOTABLE:  Mavericks sixth man and second-leading scorer  Jason Terry  didn't play due to a mild right quadriceps strain. He will also miss Friday's game at Philadelphia for undisclosed personal reasons. Terry had played in 126 consecutive games. ... Dallas guard  Rodrigue Beaubois  was not with the team due to a family matter. ... Nuggets centers Nene (left calf strain) and  Timofey Mozgov  (left ankle sprain) could return this weekend. ... The Mavericks are 9-1 when they score 100 or more points. UP NEXT:  For the Mavericks, Friday @ Philadelphia, Sunday @ New York, Monday vs. Boston. For the Nuggets, Friday @ Memphis, Sunday @ Oklahoma City, Monday vs. Minnesota.  