Notebook: Spurs 112, Trail Blazers 109 
 
 
 Stephen Alexander, For NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Nov 11, 2012 2:25 AM - Updated Sun Nov 11, 2012 2:25 AM 
 
 THE FACTS: Manu Ginobili  buried two free throws with 12.9 seconds remaining and the Spurs went on to beat the Trail Blazers 112-109 Saturday night in a wild one. After going into the fourth quarter down 79-73, the Spurs opened the final period with a 14-0 run.  San Antonio held onto the lead until 40 seconds remaining in the game when Blazers forward  Nicolas Batum  sunk a 3-pointer to make the score 109-109, but the Spurs would hold on. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "Portland did an awesome job of getting back into it, making plays, hitting big shots. But we sustained, and it's a great win for us -- a really great win for us."  
 -- Spurs forward  Tim Duncan  on San Antonio persevering and pulling out the victory. 
 
 THE STAT:  San Antonio shot lights out from the field, connecting on 40 of 70 attempts (.571) and going 7-for-18 from beyond the arc (38.9 percent). 
 
 TURNING POINT:  After three quarters, the Spurs were trailing 79-73.  San Antonio then went on a 14-0 run to start the final period.  While the Blazers would come back and tie the game, San Antonio would not relinquish the lead. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "[San Antonio] got hot.  They were playing small ball all night, which opens up the court.  One of the things when you play small is it allows you to score points.  It becomes a different type of game."  
 -- Blazers coach  Terry Stotts . 
 
 HOT:  The Spurs' bench scored 63 points.  Reserve  Gary Neal  led the Spurs with a career-high 27 points, Ginobili scored 17 points and  Stephen Jackson  added 13 points. 
 
 NOT:  The Blazers' bench, by contrast, scored only four points.  Rookie center  Meyers Leonard  had two points and  Sasha Pavlovic  had two points.  Four other Blazers reserves saw action ( Ronnie Price ,  Luke Babbitt ,  Will Barton  and  Jared Jeffries ) but none of them were able to put the ball into the basket. 
 
 GOOD MOVE : Blazers rookie point guard  Damian Lillard  attacked San Antonio reserve point guard  Patty Mills , who was starting in place of  Tony Parker  (stomach virus).  Lillard had another solid night, scoring 20 points and recording six assists. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  The Spurs turned the ball over a whopping 14 times in the first half.  While San Antonio was able to settle down in the second half and turn the ball over only seven more times, the 14 turnovers in the first half was a big part of the reason why Portland was ahead going into the fourth quarter. 
 
 NOTABLE : Lillard became only the fourth player since 1985 to record 100 points and 40 assists in his first six career games, joining  John Wall ,  LeBron James  and  Damon Stoudamire . 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Spurs, Tuesday @ Lakers, Thursday vs. New York, Saturday vs. Denver. For the Trail Blazers, Monday vs. Atlanta, Tuesday @ Sacramento, Friday vs. Houston. 
