  Bulls-Celtics notebook   By Brian Robb, for NBA.com Posted Friday December 3, 2010 11:45PM THE FACTS:   Rajon Rondo  and  Kevin Garnett  posted impressive double-doubles as the Boston Celtics pulled away from the Chicago Bulls in the second half for a 104-92 win. Rondo led the balanced Celtics scoring attack, posting 12 points and 19 assists, while Garnett controlled the glass all night with 17 rebounds to go along with 20 points.  Derrick Rose  led the Bulls with 20 points, as they suffered their second straight double-digit defeat. It was Boston's sixth straight victory. QUOTABLE:  "The biggest difference [between this season and last season] is not only is not just above the rim but out in space for K.G. Last year, Kevin couldn't get to the ball in those areas, this year he can. It's huge for us."   -- Celtics coach  Doc Rivers   THE STAT:  By the 1:29 mark of the second quarter Garnett gathered his 10th rebound of the night. That board combined with his 12 points at the time, gave him a double-double in just 18 minutes of first half action. It was Garnett's first double-double before halftime since his debut year in Boston during the 2007-08 season. TURNING POINT:  After taking just four shots in the first half, Rondo got aggressive with his offense in the third quarter. The Celtics point guard hit five of his seven shots during the frame, jumpstarting a 17-2 run that allowed Boston to open up a 16-point lead and seize control of the game. Rondo finished the quarter with 10 points and six assists. QUOTABLE II:  "It's closer ... closer."   -- Bulls'  Carlos Boozer  on his hand injury QUOTABLE III:  "It's tough because we lost right now, but you know they're a hell of a team and that's what we're striving to be, one of the best teams in the game."   -- Bulls'  Joakim Noah HOT:   Shaquille O'Neal  continued his torrid shooting streak, hitting five of his six shots to finish with 12 points. O'Neal is now shooting 67.8 percent from the field through 14 games of action, which leads the Celtics. NOT:  The Chicago Bulls with Boozer in the lineup. The Bulls have lost their past two games by a combined 41 points with Boozer back in the lineup. The team has struggled to get acclimated on both ends of the floor with the offseason free agent signee back from suffering a broken pinkie. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Garnett had his ninth double-double of the season, and fourth in his last six games. The Big Ticket continues to fill up the box score on a nightly basis, averaging 15.6 points and 9.6 rebounds. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Patriots running back  Kevin Faulk  and former Celtics center  Rasheed Wallace  both sat courtside for the contest. Wallace retired from the NBA after last season. ROOKIE WATCH:  With both O'Neal and  Glen Davis  battling foul trouble throughout the game,  Semih Erden  played pivotal minutes with the starting unit in both halves at the center spot. The Turkish rookie made the most of his floor time, finishing with seven points after hitting all three of his shots. He also grabbed three rebounds. NOTABLE:  Noah and Garnett earned double technicals after getting tangled up at the 2:24 mark of the second quarter.  Delonte West  sat on the Boston bench for the first time since undergoing surgery on his broken right wrist. He is expected to miss at least three months. The TD Garden crowd chanted enthusiastically for Chicago to insert former Celtics forward  Brian Scalabrine  into the game throughout the fourth quarter. He entered the game to a thunderous ovation with under two minutes remaining. Boston outrebounded Chicago 44-34. The Celtics shot just nine 3-pointers and hit only one. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Saturday vs. Houston, Monday vs. Oklahoma City, Wednesday @ Cleveland. For the Celtics, Sunday @ New Jersey, Wednesday vs. Denver, Thursday @ Philadelphia.  