Notebook: Cavaliers 109, Knicks 94 
 
 
 Brian Dulik, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Dec 10, 2013 11:25 PM - Updated Tue Dec 10, 2013 11:25 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The New York Knicks lost for the 11th time in 13 games to fall to a dismal 5-15 on the season. 
 
 THE LEAD:  All-Star point guard  Kyrie Irving  collected game highs of 37 points and 11 assists in leading the Cleveland Cavaliers to a 109-94 victory over the New York Knicks. Power forward  Tristan Thompson  added 12 points and a game-best nine rebounds for the Cavaliers, who also received 17 points off the bench from point guard  Jarrett Jack . Power forward  Carmelo Anthony  paced the Knicks with 29 points and eight boards, while center  Amar'e Stoudemire  had 15 points and five rebounds. It was Cleveland's largest margin of victory since Feb. 23, 2013. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "Kyrie (Irving) had a hell of a game. Him scoring almost 40 and making all those 3-pointers in the second half, that was just like kicking a man when he's down. That's what it felt like to us. He kept finding a way." 
 
 -- Knicks shooting guard  J.R. Smith 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Irving entered the game with a career-low .394 field goal percentage, but was 14-for-23 from the floor, 4-for-7 on 3-pointers, and 5-for-6 from the foul line against the Knicks. The third-year pro scored 22 points in the second half -- shooting 4-for-6 beyond the arc -- and dished out seven assists in a brilliant 18-minute stretch. "I haven't been shooting as well as I want to, so I've been putting in a lot of work on my off-days in the gym," said Irving, who is averaging 20.5 points. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  After the Knicks pulled within 48-47 on an Anthony jumper to start the third quarter, the Cavaliers answered with a 33-16 run to extend their lead to 18 points. Irving scored 12 points during the frame, while Thompson and small forward  Alonzo Gee  had eight apiece -- combining to shoot a scorching 13-for-18 while putting the win on ice. "The third quarter caught us again tonight," New York coach  Mike Woodson  said. "We didn't get nothing going again." 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I'm getting tired of using the word embarrassing. I really don't have the answer. You can't teach energy. Right now, the losing is becoming unacceptable. Hopefully, everybody feels like that.  
 
 -- Anthony 
 
 
 HOT:  The Cavaliers shot a season-high 56.8 percent from the field in winning their fourth straight game at Quicken Loans Arena. ... Cleveland is 4-1 since going to a starting lineup of center  Andrew Bynum , Thompson, Gee, shooting guard  C.J. Miles , and Irving. ... Cavs center  Anderson Varejao  collected nine points, seven rebounds, and five assists off the bench. ... The Knicks scored 27 points off 15 Cleveland turnovers. ... New York point guard  Pablo Prigioni  had nine assists and one turnover. ... Stoudemire was 7-for-10 on field goal attempts and blocked two shots. 
 
 NOT:  Knicks point guard  Raymond Felton  only played 19 minutes before aggravating his strained left hamstring. ... New York small forward  Metta World Peace  had two points and two rebounds in his initial start for the team. ... Knicks center  Andrea Bargnani , shooting guard  Iman Shumpert,  World Peace, and Felton each picked up two fouls in the first 10:17. ... Bargnani misfired on 12 of his 17 shots, most of which were wide open. ... New York has lost 11 of its last 13 games in Cleveland. ... The Knicks only attempted five free throws, making four. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "We're playing cool basketball right now and it's not working. We need to get our hands dirty and get going. We've got to be mentally tough and say, we're not going to let this happen again." 
 
 -- J.R. Smith 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Cavaliers coach  Mike Brown  dared the Knicks to fire away from the perimeter, betting that they would take the bait. New York did, jacking up 25 3-pointers over the first three quarters, while only making seven. Bargnani, World Peace, Felton, and Shumpert combined to go 0-for-9 beyond the arc. "We had a lot of good looks, but didn't make shots," Woodson said. "Bargnani had a lot of damn good looks, but he just didn't have it tonight." 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Cavaliers shooting guard  Dion Waiters  played out of control on his 22nd birthday. The second-year pro was 2-for-6 from the field and 2-for-4 from the line with four turnovers and three fouls in 14 minutes. Waiters' lowlight was driving down the baseline in the second quarter, then throwing a perfect pass to a fan seated in the permanent seats -- three rows behind the Cleveland bench. Waiters was immediately taken off the court by Brown. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Knicks power forward  Kenyon Martin  (left ankle soreness) missed his second straight game, but Woodson is optimistic that he will play Wednesday at Chicago. ... New York center  Tyson Chandler  (right fibula fracture) worked out on the main court before the game. "I know I'm still a little while away, but I feel all right," said Chandler, who was hurt on Nov. 5 against Charlotte. ... Longtime NBA official  Dick Bavetta  worked the game on his 74th birthday. ... Cleveland Browns players  Joe Haden  and  Josh Gordon  were seated courtside. ... Cleveland's inactives were center  Henry Sims  and rookie shooting guard  Carrick Felix . 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Wednesday vs. Chicago, Friday @ Boston, Saturday vs. Atlanta. For the Cavaliers, Friday @ Orlando, Saturday @ Miami, Dec. 17 vs. Portland. 
