  Suns-Pistons notebook   By Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com Posted Saturday January 22, 2011 11:54PM THE FACTS:  Reserve guard  Will Bynum  scored all 12 of his points during the fourth quarter as the Detroit Pistons finished on a 24-8 run to stun the Phoenix Suns 75-74 at The Palace Saturday night. The Suns, who scored under 80 points for the first time this season, saw their five-game winning streak snapped. QUOTABLE:  "I just felt like we were lacking energy. I just tried to go out there and let my effort do the talking and hopefully, everybody else would follow."   -- Bynum on the Pistons' furious comeback. THE STAT:  62-1, The Pistons did something no other Suns opponent had ever done -- win despite scoring fewer than 80 points. Phoenix was 62-0 in franchise history when holding teams under the 80-point mark, including a 92-75 victory over Detroit on New Year's Eve. TURNING POINT:  The Pistons were trailing 66-51 with 8:55 remaining, then scored 11 of the next 13 points to gain the momentum. Bynum scored five points during that stretch, including two layups, while the Suns missed five shots and made three turnovers. QUOTABLE II:  "We did it to ourselves. That's the thing that I've said. We don't have the latitude to have a game like this slip away. Not with what we're trying to get done and not with the people we're trying to chase."    -- Suns coach  Alvin Gentry  on losing ground in the playoff chase. HOT:  Forward  Tayshaun Prince  led the Pistons in points (17), rebounds (13) and assists (five) while recording his second double-double this season. He contributed five points, four rebounds and two assists during the fourth-quarter rally and is averaging 17.2 points in the last five games. NOT:  The Suns' starting unit looked weary on the fourth game of a five-game road swing and the second end of a back-to-back after blowing out Washington. They shot a collective 17-for-51 (33.3 percent), including 5-for-23 on 3-point attempts. Point guard  Steve Nash  was the only starter in double digits (14) but he was held to eight assists and made five turnovers. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Suns center  Marcin Gortat  notched his third consecutive double-double with 11 points and 13 rebounds. He is averaging 13.3 points and 13 rebounds during that stretch. INSIDE THE ARENA:  During a fourth-quarter timeout, frustrated fans chanted "We want Rip!" They didn't get their wish as guard  Richard Hamilton  was benched for the seventh consecutive game. Ironically, the Pistons' rally began immediately after the catcalls to play Hamilton. GOOD MOVE:  Pistons coach  John Kuester  rode four reserves -- Bynum,  Austin Daye ,  Ben Wallace  and  Ben Gordon  -- during most of the fourth quarter with his team playing for the ninth time in 15 nights. That group choked off the Suns' usually potent attack, holding them to 26.3 percent shooting in the fourth and forcing four turnovers. BAD MOVE:  Pistons guard  Rodney Stuckey  committed an off-the-ball foul with 8.1 seconds remaining and his club leading by three. Nash made the free throw and Phoenix retained possession. Luckily for Stuckey and the Pistons, the Suns tried to win it in regulation and  Channing Frye  missed badly on a 27-foot, 3-point try. NOTABLE:  Phoenix's previous low was 83 against Miami on Dec. 23. ... Detroit is the only team to score fewer than 89 points against the Suns. ...  Ben Gordon 's 3-pointer with 6:29 remaining in the second quarter was the 900th of his career. ... Wallace returned after missing six games with a left ankle sprain. He went scoreless but grabbed seven rebounds. ... Detroit reserve forward  Charlie Villanueva  sat out with a right ankle sprain. ... The Suns had won five straight against the Pistons. UP NEXT:  For the Suns, Monday @ Philadelphia, Wednesday vs. Charlotte, Friday vs. Boston. For the Pistons, Monday @ Orlando, Wednesday vs. Denver, Friday @ Miami.  