  Notebook: Kings 103, Bucks 100   By James Ham, for NBA.com Posted Friday January 6, 2012 1:44AM THE FACTS:  The Sacramento Kings pulled off an improbable, come-from-behind victory, giving newly anointed head coach  Keith Smart  his first victory against the Milwaukee Bucks, 103-100. Marcus Thornton  led the way, scoring a team-high 27 points.  Tyreke Evans  chipped in 26, icing the game in the final seconds with four consecutive free throws. Brandon Jennings  led the way for the Bucks, pouring in 31 points on 12-for-23 shooting while hitting 6-for-10 3-pointers. QUOTABLE:  "It's been an emotional roller coaster for me and my teammates. I never meant to be a distraction towards my teammate, but through it all, they stuck with me and I stuck with them."   -- Kings forward  DeMarcus Cousins . THE STAT:  Thornton shot an abysmal 1-for-8 in the first half, scoring just two points. He finished the game with 27 points on 10-for-23 shooting, after catching fire in the third and fourth quarters. TURNING POINT:  The Kings went cold in the second quarter, getting outscored 28-12 on their way to a 21-point half time deficit. Adding injury (literally), to insult, starting forward  Chuck Hayes  dislocated his left shoulder during the second. TURNING POINT II:  Halftime. Whatever Keith Smart had to say, it was genius. Playing in the third game of a back-to-back-to-back set, the Kings erased a 21-point halftime deficit to beat the visiting Bucks. QUOTABLE II:  "I'm just letting the record known right now -- Sacramento is the place I want to be. Just so everybody know, I don't want to be anywhere else but Sacramento."   -- DeMarcus Cousins speaking to is disputed trade demands from earlier in the week. HOT:   Drew Gooden  in the first half. The veteran started in place of  Andrew Bogut , who is away from the team on personal business. Gooden finished the half with 14 points on 5-for-9 shooting and grabbed seven rebounds in 18 minutes of action. GOOD MOVE:  Smart left Cousins in the game after he picked up his fourth foul with 6:09 remaining in the third quarter. Cousins responded by scoring five points and grabbing seven rebounds in the quarter. BAD MOVE:  Not aggressively going at Cousins in the third quarter cost coach  Scott Skiles . Cousins was a beast in both the third and fourth quarters, scoring 11 of his 19 points and grabbing 11 of his game high 15 rebounds in 17 second half minutes. NOTABLE:  Smart became the 24th head coach in Sacramento Kings history. Coming in, Smart had a career record of 45-77 in 122 career games as an NBA head coach. NOTABLE II:  Hayes injured his shoulder in the second quarter. Speaking to him after the game, he said he would miss 2-3 weeks with what is being diagnosed as a dislocated left shoulder, but he heading in for more tests tomorrow. UP NEXT:  For the Bucks, Saturday @ Clippers, Sunday @ Phoenix, Tuesday vs. Spurs. For the Kings, Sunday vs. Magic, Tuesday @ Philadelphia, Wednesday @ Toronto.  