Notebook: Pacers 95, Grizzlies 79 
 
 
 Conrad Brunner for NBA.com 
 
Posted Mon Nov 11, 2013 10:45 PM - Updated Mon Nov 11, 2013 10:45 PM 
 
 THE FACT: Lance Stephenson  became the fourth Pacers starter with at least one career triple-double -- all since the beginning of last season. The fifth,  George Hill , had a triple-double taken away when an NBA statistical review took away an assist. 
 
 THE LEAD:  Before the season began, Stephenson told his teammates he wanted to get off to a 10-0 start. The young guard continued to do his part to make that bold prediction come true Monday. He scored 13 points with career highs of 12 assists and 11 rebounds for his first career triple-double as the Pacers remained unbeaten with a 95-79 dismantling of the Memphis Grizzlies before 13,130 at Bankers Life Fieldhouse. With their fifth win in seven nights, the Pacers improved their franchise-best start to 8-0 behind Eastern Conference Player of the Week  Paul George , who scored 23 points with seven rebounds, and a defense that shut down Memphis' (3-4) vaunted frontcourt combination of  Marc Gasol  and  Zach Randolph , limiting them to a combined 27 points. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "Obviously, Lance was a force out there with his triple-double but the most impressive part about it to me was 12 assists and one turnover. He's been one of our most efficient offensive players all year." 
  -- Indiana coach  Frank Vogel 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The third quarter has been Indiana's tipping point this season, The Pacers have trailed at halftime in six of eight games but have dominated all eight third periods including Monday when they outscored Memphis 26-16 and hit 10 of their 15 shots. This season, the Pacers have outscored opponents by 70 points in the third period while shooting .538 from the field and .564 from the 3-point line.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  Though Indiana led most of the way, Memphis was hanging around deep into the third period before George got rolling. He scored Indiana's final nine points of the period and added six more to open the fourth -- including the 20-foot jumper with 10:57 left that secured Stephenson's triple-double -- giving him 15 points in a 17-3 run that pushed Indiana's lead to 80-55 and effectively put the game away. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I'm just being aggressive, playing like I normally play."  
 -- Lance Stephenson 
 
 HOT:  George became the first player in NBA history to score at least 20 points in every game for a team that started 8-0, shooting 9-for-16. ... Power forwards  David West  and  Luis Scola  combined for 22 points on 10-for-18 shooting. ... Hill shot 6-for-9. ... Stephenson was 3-for-5 from the 3-point line to bring his season totals to 18-for-35 (.514). 
 
 NOT:  Gasol shot 5-for-13. ...  Solomon Hill  and  C.J. Watson  both were 0-for-3 for Indiana. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "That's an elite team in the NBA right now -- any time -- but right now they're really, really good. They're an elite team, there's no question."  
 -- Memphis coach  David Joerger 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  Stephenson established a career-high in assists by halftime with eight, but also picked up a taunting technical foul late in the second quarter for a ball-fake to  Tony Allen 's face. ... Memphis lost  Quincy Pondexter  to a fractured nose in the second quarter. ... Grizzlies reserve  Jerryd Bayless  missed his second game in a row with a sprained right knee. ... Allen picked up a flagrant foul in the fourth quarter for kicking George. ...  Roy Hibbert  blocked five shots, raising his league-leading total to 35. ...  Ian Mahinmi  scored 10, his first double-figures outing for the Pacers since last March. 
 
 UP NEXT:   For the Pacers, Friday vs. Milwaukee, Saturday @ Chicago, Nov. 20 @ New York. For the Grizzlies, Wednesday vs. Toronto, Friday @ L.A. Lakers, Sunday @ Sacramento. 
