  Thunder-Magic notebook   By Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com Posted Saturday February 26, 2011 12:22AM THE FACTS:   Dwight Howard  went over 30 points for the fourth straight game and the Orlando Magic led almost all the way in a 111-88 victory over the depleted Oklahoma City Thunder. The combination of Howard (40 points, 15 rebounds, six blocks) and Orlando's best 3-point shooting (10-for-22) in more than a month was way too much for the Thunder, who shook up their roster with two trades on Thursday and didn't have their new players yet. Kevin Durant  led Oklahoma City with 23 points on 7-for-22 shooting, and the team shot just 33 percent. QUOTABLE:  "Their defense was smothering. They made us take tough shots and it seemed like every shot was contested."   -- Thunder coach  Scott Brooks . THE STAT:  His 40-point game tied Howard's season high set Jan. 28 in a loss at Chicago. The 40th point came on an alley-oop dunk with two minutes left. QUOTABLE II:  "I actually left him in to get 40. It may b e the first time I've ever done that, but he was so close and I said we'll give him one more possession."   -- Magic coach  Stan Van Gundy . TURNING POINT:  Howard had criticized the efforts of unnamed teammates Wednesday night after the Magic's home-court loss to Sacramento. QUOTABLE III:  "People look at is as me calling them out. My point was simple: I told them during the game more than once -- the teams that have been successful work hard every night and sacrifice for the team. You can't have individual goals or worry about contracts. If you concentrate on winning a championship, everything we want as individuals will come with that."   -- Dwight Howard. HOT:  In his last four games, Howard has averaged 33.5 points, 13.8 rebounds and 3.5 blocks while shooting 75 percent from the floor and 78 percent from the free-throw line. NOT:  The Thunder missed 11 of their first 12 shots, falling behind by double digits in the first six minutes. GOOD MOVE:  Little-used forward  Earl Clark  was brought in early to help out with the defense of Durant and played 22 minutes. BAD MOVE:  The timing of the Thunder's trades may have taken them out of this game before it started.  Kendrick Perkins ,  Nate Robinson  and  Nazr Mohammed , all acquired in trades on Thursday, were in Oklahoma City taking their physicals. ROOKIE WATCH:  Thunder center  Cole Aldrich  played 15 scoreless minutes with five rebounds and four fouls. NOTABLE:  Other than Howard, who has done it twice, the last player to finish with at lest 40 points, 15 rebounds and six blocks in a game was  Shaquille O'Neal  on Nov. 19, 1999 (41, 17, 7) . . . Howard picked up his 15th technical foul, leaving him one T short of a one-game suspension . . . Magic guard  Gilbert Arenas  is 3-for-38 in 3-point shooting over the last 12 games. UP NEXT:  For the Thunder, Sunday vs. L.A. Lakers, Wednesday vs. Indiana, Friday @ Atlanta. For the Magic, Sunday vs. Charlotte, Tuesday vs. New York, Thursday @ Miami.  