Notebook: Heat 101, Magic 99 
 
 
 Zachary Paul, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Nov 23, 2013 11:08 PM - Updated Sat Nov 23, 2013 11:08 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Heat have won six straight games since losing at the buzzer to the Boston Celtics.  
 
 The LEAD:   LeBron James  hit a jumper with 15 seconds remaining to lead the Miami Heat to a 101-99 victory against the Orlando Magic Saturday at AmericanAirlines Arena.  
 The Heat trailed by as many as 16 in the second half before rallying to victory, defeating the Magic for the second time this week. Guard  Dwyane Wade , who missed the past two games because of knee soreness, led all scorers with 27 points on 9-for-16 shooting. James finished with 22 points, nine rebounds and seven assists while center  Chris Bosh  added 15 points.  
 After James' final basket, the Magic had two chances to force overtime. Guard  Arron Afflalo  missed a short jumper in the lane. Rookie guard  Victor Oladipo  grabbed the rebound, but was unable to connect on a three-footer from the corner as time expired.  
 Orlando was able to stay in the game behind its 3-point shooting (10-for-23) and the play of reserve forward  Glen Davis , who scored a team-high 20 points in his first game of the season. Davis had been out the last 10 months with a broken foot.  
 
  QUOTABLE:  "The play wasn't executed the best. They kind of read what we were going to do. I was able just to pop free." 
 -- LeBron James on the winning bucket   
 
 
 THE STAT:   The Heat shot 47 percent from the field.    
 
  TURNING POINT:  After trailing by as many as 16, the Heat outscored the Magic 32-22 in the third quarter.    
 
 HOT:  Wade played aggressive throughout the game. It was one of the rare times the last three years he didn't defer to James. Wade took the game as a personal challenge because he was Oladipo, who he built a friendship with the past two years.      
 
 NOT:  It wasn't the best of games for Heat guard  Ray Allen . He shot just 1-for-5 from the field, missing a couple open looks that he normally makes. Allen also had his issues on defense.  
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Resting Wade for a week seemed to work wonders. This was the freshest his legs looked this season. That was evident with a pair of thunderous dunks in the second half. Expect Wade to rest more this season if that continues to be the result.  
 
 BAD MOVE:  Oladipo was in perfect position to force overtime on the final shot, but lost track of the time left on the clock. He rushed the shot instead of taking his time on the clear look at the basket.  
 
  UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Monday vs. Phoenix, Wednesday at Cleveland, Friday at Toronto. For the Magic, Sunday vs. Phoenix, Tuesday at Atlanta, Wednesday vs. Philadelphia.  
