  Grizzlies-Hornets notebook   By Bradley Handwerger, for NBA.com  Posted Friday April 1, 2011 11:18PM THE FACTS:  Memphis used a 10-0 first-quarter run to put New Orleans on its heels and never looked back as the Grizzlies took an important step in solidifying their postseason plans with a 93-81 win over the Hornets on Friday. Memphis pulled into a tie with New Orleans for overall record, but sits in 8th due to the Hornets' 2-1 season series lead. The two teams play again on April 10. Zach Randolph  scored 26 points on 10 of 18 shooting while  Tony Allen  added 17,  Marc Gasol  had 13 and  Mike Conley  finished with 10 points for Memphis.  Carl Landry  led New Orleans with 19 points. QUOTABLE:  "It's not the first time we've beat a higher seed. We've beat Boston and we beat San Antonio. I think we're playing extremely well and I'm thankful that we are at this point."   -- Memphis coach  Lionel Hollins  on what it means to beat a higher-seeded team at this point in the season. THE STAT:  Memphis came into the game with a better frontline than the Hornets. By halftime that was obvious when it scored 30 of 51 points in the paint. The Grizzlies finished the game with 48 paint points and outrebounded New Orleans 40 to26. TURNING POINT:  As cliché as this may be, the opening tip. Memphis came out more aggressive than New Orleans, played with more confidence and used its size and length to outplay the Hornets. The Grizzlies earned wins in every statistical category that counts and it began at the very beginning of the game. QUOTABLE II:  "I think we play a similar style. We both play inside-out. They have guys that can get out and run. So do we. We also have guys who can shoot it. So do they. They probably have a better coach. That's probably the only difference."   -- Hornets coach  Monty Williams  on what he sees as the only difference between his team and Memphis, which always seems to play games that come down to the buzzer. Friday night, the game wasn't close. HOT:  Memphis' Randolph went 11 of 19 on the night and added 10 rebounds to pace his team. He also was 5 of 6 from the free-throw line. NOT:  New Orleans'  Chris Paul  continued his tepid shooting lately, hitting only 2 of 8 shots and finished with only five points. In the past three games, Paul is 10 of 33. BAD MOVE:  The Hornets' Williams took point guard Paul out of the game less than two minutes into the fourth quarter with the Hornets still in striking distance. Paul didn't return until five minutes remained in the game and New Orleans down 13 points, a deficit too big to overcome with its All-Star point guard on the bench. NOTABLE:  Randolph tied a season-high with seven assists. ... When Paul picks up his next steal, he will become the fourth-fastest to 1,000 steals in NBA history. ... Memphis is now 32-7 when leading after three quarters. ... New Orleans' guards were a combined 7 of 22 from the field. UP NEXT:  For the Hornets, Sunday vs. Indiana, Wednesday vs. Houston, Friday vs. Phoenix. For the Grizzlies, Saturday vs. Minnesota, Tuesday vs. L.A. Clippers, Friday vs. Sacramento.  