Notebook: Celtics 88, Raptors 83 
 
 
 Brian Robb, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Jan 15, 2014 11:21 PM - Updated Wed Jan 15, 2014 11:21 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Boston Celtics defeated the Toronto Raptors for the 11th consecutive time at the TD Garden. Toronto's last win in Boston came on January 23, 2008.  
 
 THE LEAD:   Jared Sullinger  scored 25 points and grabbed a career-high 20 rebounds, helping the Boston Celtics snap a nine-game losing streak with a 88-83 win over the Toronto Raptors.  Avery Bradley  added 20 points for the hosts, who were playing shorthanded after trading  Jordan Crawford  and  MarShon Brooks  to Golden State earlier in the day.  DeMar DeRozan  had a team-high 23 points for Toronto, who made a late charge to comeback from an 18-point second half deficit, but fell short late. The visitors had their three-game winning streak snapped in the setback.  Rajon Rondo  was active for the first time this season for the Celtics, but did not play. He is expected to make his season debut Friday against the Lakers.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "After awhile, when you lose so much and you're not used to losing, the competitive nature takes over, and that's what happens to me."  
 -- Jared Sullinger 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Sullinger became the first Celtics player since  Kevin Garnett  in November 2007 to post 20 points and 20 rebounds in a game.   
 
 TURNING POINT:  Toronto opened up the fourth quarter on a 18-4 run to cut a 17-point Celtics lead to three points midway through the frame. The Celtics defense tightened up late though as the hosts limited the Raptors to just two field goals over the final 4:33 of the contest to help them escape with the win.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "They had 19 offensive rebounds. Can't win games when you give up 19 offensive rebounds. They outworked us tonight, which is rare for us. It stinks, guys are mad but they should be." 
 -- Raptors'  Kyle Lowry 
 
 
 HOT:   Sullinger -- The second-year forward put the Celtics on his back in the third quarter, going a perfect 6-of-6 from the field during the frame to post 15 points and eight rebounds in the period.   
 
 NOT:  Jerryd Bayless  -- Boston's new trade acquisition couldn't find his outside scoring touch in the contest, missing all five of his shot attempts, including four from 3-point range.  
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Lowry -- Toronto's starting point guard continued his stellar play of late, delivering his seventh double-double of the season, scoring 18 points and dishing out 12 assists in a game-high 42 minutes.   
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:   Phil Pressey  -- The 22-year-old guard got the first start of his career, due to the Celtics trade of Crawford earlier in the day. Pressey struggled to score on offense, but managed the team well while he was on the floor, posting 10 assists and zero turnovers.    
 
 NOTABLE: Amir Johnson  left the game to have his left ankle re-taped in the third quarter. He did return in the fourth quarter, before fouling out with six points in 26 minutes. ... Bradley left the game with a bruised right wrist in the first quarter, but did return in the second quarter. ... Keith Bogans  was not with the Celtics due to personal reasons. He has been excused from the team indefinitely. ... Sullinger became the first Celtic to have 25 points, 20 assists and four assists in a game since Larry Bird in 1987. ...Boston shot 34.5 percent, their lowest shooting percentage in a win this season. ...  T y ler Hansbrough  missed his seventh straight game with a sprained left ankle. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Celtics, Friday vs. L.A. Lakers, Sunday @ Orlando, Tuesday @ Miami. For the Raptors, Friday vs. Minnesota, Sunday vs. L.A. Lakers, Monday @ Charlotte.  
