  Notebook: Lakers 97, Wolves 92 Posted Saturday March 17, 2012 2:04AM By Melanie Neff, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The Los Angeles Lakers didn't show any signs of a letdown Friday night after the team's motivational leader,  Derek Fisher , was traded to Houston on Thursday. Instead the Lakers continued their winning ways with a 97-92 victory over the Minnesota Timerberwolves at Staples Center. It was the Lakers fifth consecutive win, tying their longest streak of the season. It was also their 19th consecutive victory over the Timberwolves, matching their second longest streak in franchise history. They beat Sacramento 24 straight times in the 1980s. Kobe Bryant  led the Lakers with 28 points, hitting an impressive 5-for-8 3-pointers.  Pau Gasol  and  Andrew Bynum  each recorded double-doubles with 17 points and 11 rebounds, and 15 points and 14 rebounds, respectively.  Matt Barnes  tied his single-game high with 17 points off the bench to help the Lakers improve to 27-16 overall and 19-2 at home. The victory extends their Pacific Division lead to three games over the Clippers. The Timberwolves had three players record double-doubles.  Kevin Love , who missed the last two games against the Lakers, recorded his 37th with 27 points and 15 rebounds, while  Nikola Pekovic  had 20 points and 12 rebounds, and  Luke Ridnour  chipped in 12 points and 11 assists. QUOTABLE:  "It's a dream come true, out there with Kobe, Pau, Bynum. They make it easy on me."   --  Ramon Sessions  on being with the Lakers THE STAT:  Sessions, playing his first game in the purple and gold, scored seven points and had five assists and four rebounds in 19 minutes of play. TURNING POINT:  The Lakers took a 16-point lead in the third quarter, and led 74-61 heading into the fourth. The Timberwolves were able to close the gap to as close as six points with 5:10 remaining, but they couldn't stop the Lakers offense. A Bryant free throw and an 18-foot jumper put the lead back at 10, where it hovered the rest of the game. HOT:  Ridnour is averaging 12.8 points and 9.2 assists since taking over the starting spot for injured  Ricky Rubio . NOT:  Timberwolves forward  Wesley Johnson  was 1-for-4 from the field with four turnovers. GOOD MOVE:  Reserve forward  Josh McRoberts  wowed the Lakers crowd twice with two impressive dunks, one an alley-oop from Barnes, and the other a putback jam. QUOTABLE II:  "He's fast. He's going to be a guy teams are going to have to address and game plan for."   -- Kobe Bryant on Ramon Sessions NOTABLE:  Bynum and Gasol struggled a bit on defense with Minnesota's big men, giving up 48 points in the paint. The duo made up for it on the offensive end of the court. UP NEXT:  For the Timberwolves, Sunday @ Sacramento, Monday @ Golden State, Wednesday @ Spurs. For the Lakers, Sunday vs. Utah, Tuesday @ Houston, Wednesday @ Dallas.  