
 Raptors-Grizzlies notebook   By Marlon W. Morgan, for NBA.com Posted Monday December 27, 2010 11:43PM THE FACTS:  After falling behind by 12 to the injury-riddled Toronto Raptors, the Memphis Grizzlies turned to their defense for a much-need jumpstart in the second quarter, one that carried them to a 96-85 win at FedExForum. The Grizzlies got a combined 11 steals from  Tony Allen  and  Rudy Gay . QUOTABLE:  "I haven't been told specifically what to do, when to do, how to do. I just come in and play my game. This is my seventh year in the league and I'm just coming in every moment I get to try to bring energy and cause havoc the best I can."    -- Grizzlies guard Tony Allen, who had a season-high six steals to go along with 14 points and eight rebounds off the bench. THE STAT:  The Raptors only got to the free-throw line 14 times, but even then, they failed to take advantage. Toronto missed nine of 14 free throws (35.7 percent), the biggest culprit being starting center  Joey Dorsey , who was 0-for-5. Conversely, the Grizzlies shot 82 percent from the free throw line, making 23-for-28. TURNING POINT:  With Gay and Allen getting into the lanes and picking off passes in the second quarter, the Grizzlies were able to get out in the open court, using a 10-0 run to take their first lead of the game at 36-34 in second quarter. That defensive prowess continued throughout the game as the Grizzlies forced Toronto into a season-high 25 turnovers which led to 28 points. HOT:  Making his second start of the season and in his career, Dorsey managed to score 10 points, haul in career-high tying 13 rebounds and even dish out three assists for the Raptors. It was the second double-double of the season for the former University of Memphis fan favorite. QUOTABLE II:  "It felt really good to be playing again. I haven't really had the chance yet. Coach  Jay  ( Triano ) has given me the chance of a lifetime to go out there and do what I love to do and play basketball. Anytime I step onto the floor, I am going to try to give 110 percent."    -- Toronto center Joey Dorsey. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Gay is starting to fill up the stat sheet on a nightly basis with his all-around play. Against the Raptors, he tallied 18 points to go along with a career-high tying six assists, five rebounds and five steals. GOOD MOVE:  In the second half, Grizzlies coach  Lionel Hollins  decided to forego using backup point guard  Greivis Vasquez . Instead, he went with a backcourt of  O.J. Mayo  and Allen, who along with Gay managed to share the ballhandling duties. Hollins said it was because he liked the defensive matchups those three provided, particularly with the way Gay and Allen were racking up steals. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Among the 14,971 on hand Monday night were the University of Georgia and University of Central Florida football teams. Both are in town to participate in Friday's AutoZone Liberty Bowl. NOTABLE:  For the second consecutive night, Gay tied his career high with five steals, this time doing it all in the first half. Ironically, the other two times Gay managed to have five steals, he did it on consecutive nights (March 3-4, 2010). The Grizzlies are not 4-0 in those games. ... The Raptors were playing without  Andrea Bargnani ,  Reggie Evans ,  Peja Stojakovic  and  Sonny Weems . .... Grizzlies rookie guard  Xavier Henry  did not start due to a bruised knee. He is listed day-to-day. UP NEXT:  For the Raptors, Tuesday at Dallas, Friday at Houston, Sunday vs. Boston. For the Grizzlies, Wednesday at Sacramento, Saturday at Utah, Sunday at L.A. Lakers. 
