  Notebook: Hawks 97, Thunder 90 Posted Saturday March 3, 2012 11:40PM By Matt Winkeljohn, for NBA.com THE FACTS:   Josh Smith  dominated the fourth quarter in scoring 13 of Atlanta's final 15 points and grabbed seven rebounds in that span to lead the Hawks to an unlikely 97-90 win over the visiting Thunder. Oklahoma City (29-8) entered the game with the NBA's best record, and few would have predicted that OKC's seven-game winning streak would end in Atlanta. The Hawks were missing injured All-Stars  Al Horford  and  Joe Johnson , a would-be starter in guard  Willie Green  and would-be fill-in  Tracy McGrady  wrenched a knee and was lost after less than two minutes. The Hawks nonetheless limited the Thunder to 15 fourth-quarter points and out-rebounded Oklahoma City 17-9 in the final period even though OKC was off the night before while Atlanta was forced to rally furiously to beat the Bucks. Smith finished with 30 points, 12 rebounds, four assists, a steal and a blocked shot. OKC's  Kevin Durant  scored a game-high 35 points, but was just 9-for-23 from the field, and  Russell Westbrook  scored 25. That was just about the end of good news for the Thunder as  James Harden  added 10 points off the bench and all Thunder players other than the big three combined for just 20 points on 7-for-21 shooting. Four OKC players went scoreless and centers  Nazr Mohammed  and  Kendrick Perkins  combined for four points. QUOTABLE:  "It's all mental. When you're exhausted and tired you have to try to push through it. That's what I'm doing. I don't believe in making excuses ... I wanted to be the guy to try to will us to win this game. I was able to find some cracks in their defense, and put the ball in the hole."    -- Smith QUOTABLE II:  "[Smith] was absolutely phenomenal on both ends, not just the offensive end ... he is one of the few players in this league that can impact the game at both ends of the floor. When it all comes together, when it really clicks, he can be All-Pro. He hasn't tapped into his talent level completely."   -- Hawks coach  Larry Drew THE STAT:  This came down to which team was better able to grind in the fourth quarter. In that period, the Hawks out-scored the Thunder 10-2 in points in the paint, where OKC missed 8-of-9 shots and Atlanta went 5-for-12. Not coincidentally, Atlanta out-scored the Thunder 9-1 in second-chance points in the period. TURNING POINT:  Atlanta reserve guard  Jannero Pargo , who was huge Friday night when the Hawks out-scored Milwaukee 34-18 in the fourth quarter on the way to a 99-94 win, finished the third quarter with a buzzer-beating 3-pointer to give Atlanta a 76-75 lead, and he started the fourth quarter with another trey. The Hawks never trailed after the first 3-pointer. QUOTABLE III:  "He made two shots and some free throws. I don't consider that getting really hot. He made a 3 we can live with, and a nice hook shot. It's not like he made five or six shots in a row."   -- Durant on Smith, whom he was often checking in the fourth quarter, and vice-versa. Durant missed 7-of-10 shots in the fourth quarter, and scored 14 of his points from the free-throw line overall. HOT:  Josh Smith made 4-of-6 shots in the fourth period, including his only 3-point try, and 4-of-7 free throws. Six of his seven rebounds in the quarter were defensive. ... Atlanta reserve forward  Vladimir Radmanovic  made 2-of-3 3 pointers and has made 5-of-7 in the past two games. ...  Kirk Hinrich , who started at shooting guard in place of Johnson, made all three of his shots in the first quarter, including both his 3-point tries. ... Westbrook scored 10 points in the first quarter, on 4-for-5 shooting. He had two 3-pointers. NOT:  OKC's  Nick Collison  has two points total over his past three games. He had four turnovers Saturday. ... After missing both his shots, Thunder rookie reserve  Reggie Jackson  has made just 3-of-14 shots in the past three games. ... Hawks reserve guard  Jerry Stackhouse , whose minutes have shot up in the past two games because of Atlanta's injuries, missed all four of his shots. The 16-year veteran did, however, have five assists, two rebounds and two steals against the Thunder. NOTABLE:   Joe Johnson  missed his second straight game, and fourth in Atlanta's past five, with tendinitis in his left knee. His availability for Tuesday's game at Indiana is considered day-to-day. ... Green, who might have started for Johnson if he were available, missed his second straight game with back spasms. ... Drew said before the game that he considered starting McGrady, who played quite well in Friday night's come-from-behind win over Milwaukee. He never returned Saturday after spraining a knee in the first quarter. His status is unclear. ... The Thunder fell to 8-2 against teams from the East after winning in Philadelphia and Orlando earlier in a three-game road trip that ended in Atlanta. ... Atlanta is just 5-7 against teams from the West, including 2-2 at home. ... The Hawks were on the wrong end of a similar game earlier this season when they lost to Miami when the Heat were missing All-Stars  LeBron James  and  Dwyane Wade . UP NEXT:  For the Thunder, Monday vs. Mavericks, Wednesday vs. Suns, Friday vs. Cavaliers. For the Hawks, Tuesday @ Pacers, Wednesday @ Heat, Friday @ Pistons.  