  Notebook: Rockets 107, Blazers 105   By Matt Miller, for NBA.com Posted Sunday January 15, 2012 12:36AM THE FACTS:  The Portland Trail Blazers had their fair share of opportunities to overcome a double-digit fourth-quarter deficit and halt their skid at two games. They simply could not cash in when it counted most. Kyle Lowry  scored a season-high 33 points, dished out nine assists and grabbed eight rebounds, and  Kevin Martin  poured in six of his season-high 28 points in the final 32 seconds of overtime to lead the Houston Rockets to a 107-105 victory over the Blazers on Saturday at Toyota Center.  Chase Budinger  added a season-high 18 points and four boards for Houston (5-7), which has won three of its last four games overall and improved to 4-1 at home this season. Nicolas Batum  paced Portland (7-5), which lost its third game in a row, with a season-best 29 points.  LaMarcus Aldridge  chipped in with a double-double of 22 points -- on 7-for-21 shooting -- and 10 rebounds. The Blazers erased a 10-point fourth-quarter deficit but fell flat in overtime, committing two turnovers and missing five of seven shots and two free-throw attempts. QUOTABLE:  "[The problem] wasn't execution at the end. We just missed our shots. We didn't shine at the end."   -- LaMarcus Aldridge THE STAT:  Houston was nearly perfect at the free-throw line after halftime, making 12 of 13 attempts. With its offense struggling in the second half, especially in the fourth period, the Rockets needed every one of those free throws to earn a hard-fought win. TURNING POINT:  The Blazers led 95-94 with less than a minute left in the fourth quarter when Portland's  Wesley Matthews  could not get a high, driving layup to fall. Lowry took the ball down the court and used a pick from  Luis Scola  to get an open look at a 3-pointer, which he buried to give the Rockets a 97-95 lead. The Blazers countered with a pick-and-roll play that created enough space for Aldridge to sink a mid-range jumper that sent the game into overtime tied at 97. TURNING POINT II:  Aldridge was gliding toward the hoop for a fast-break layup that would have given the Blazers a 102-101 advantage when Scola stepped in front of the restricted area and took a charge. Scola's heady defensive played proved crucial a few possessions later, when Martin drove into the lane and banked in a runner off the glass to give Houston a 103-100 edge with 31.9 seconds left in overtime. QUOTABLE II:  "Luis set a great pick to get me open. He did a lot of things that really helped us down the stretch."   -- Kyle Lowry HOT:  With contract-extension negotiations continuing between Batum and the Blazers, the 6-foot-8 forward surpassed his season high before halftime by pouring in 20 points on 6-for-8 shooting. Batum was particularly sharp from long distance, connecting on five of six attempts from behind the arc over the first two quarters. After finishing with 29 points on 9-for-15 shooting and four blocks Saturday, Batum has averaged 16.7 points on 16-for-28 (57.1 percent) shooting and 1.3 blocks over the last three games. NOT:  Houston saw its double-digit lead slip away in the fourth quarter as it shot 5-for-21 from the field and committed six turnovers over the final 12 minutes of regulation. QUOTABLE III:  "It kind of became a dog fight in that fourth quarter. It was just a dirty, ugly game. ... Kyle, Kevin and Chase really stepped up big because we were having problems getting offense out of other places."   -- Houston coach  Kevin McHale GOOD MOVE:  With the Rockets trailing 93-92 with about three minutes left in the game, Martin appeared to have an easy break-away layup that would have put Houston ahead by one. That's when the long arms of Batum unexpectedly swooped in to swat away Martin's shot and get the ball back in Portland's hands. The Blazers finished with 11 blocks. BAD MOVE:  Budinger repeatedly -- and inexplicably -- left Batum wide open on the perimeter on numerous occasions during the first half. Although Houston's defensive game plan was designed to show more attention to forwards Aldridge and  Gerald Wallace , Budinger and his teammates too often failed to rotate far enough toward the one Blazer who was consistently draining shots. Had more attention been shown to Batum earlier in the game, the Rockets might have been able to build a huge lead before halftime. NOTABLE:  Portland coach  Nate McMillan  said injured center  Marcus Camby  (sprained left ankle) is "day-to-day" but could miss the remainder of Portland's current six-game road trip. ... Houston's  Courtney Lee  (sprained right calf) sat out for the seventh consecutive game, but he is still listed as day-to-day. ... The Blazers have dropped 13 of their last 15 meetings with the Rockets in Houston. ... The Rockets set a season high with 58 points in the first half. ... Houston has pulled down at least 50 rebounds and in three of its last four games and has scored at least 50 points in the paint in three consecutive games. ... Batum set a career high with six 3-pointers. ... Aldridge has scored at least 20 points in each of his last eight visits to Houston during the regular season. ... Portland fell to 1-3 this season against teams with a losing record. ... The Rockets won for the first time in eight games when allowing at least 90 points. UP NEXT:  For the Blazers, Monday @ New Orleans, Wednesday @ Atlanta, Friday @ Toronto. For the Rockets, Monday @ Washington, Tuesday vs. Detroit, Thursday vs. New Orleans.  