  Notebook: Pacers 96, Hawks 84   By Conrad Brunner, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday January 11, 2012 10:48PM THE FACTS:  For the Pacers to take the anticipated step toward contention for a top-four seed in the East, they need to show they can beat the teams in their peer group. For the second time in a week, they did just that, rolling to a 24-point lead before settling for a 96-84 rout of Atlanta Wednesday in Bankers Life Fieldhouse. This was the third game in a week for the Pacers against a team they expect to compete with for playoff positioning in the Eastern Conference. They won in Boston 87-74 on Jan. 6 but lost in Philadephia, 96-86 Monday. Returning to the lineup after missing a game with food poisoning,  Danny Granger  emerged from an early shooting funk to score a game-high 24, including 12 in a 22-4 run bridging the second and third periods that broke it open. QUOTABLE:  "It's a shortened season and we know the bunch that we're in the mix with right now. Everybody is sort of putting Miami and Chicago as the cream of the crop. From three to eight or nine or 10 it's sort of up for grabs. We feel we're at the top of that bunch and Atlanta certainly is playing well enough to be considered that way, as well."    -- Indiana coach  Frank Vogel THE STAT:   Jeff Foster  made a buzzer-beating 3-pointer. It was just the seventh of his career (in 54 attempts), increasing his percentage to .130. It was his first 3-pointer since Dec. 13, 2008. TURNING POINT:  The Hawks had their best surge of the game in the second quarter, taking a 50-49 lead on  Jeff Teague 's drive. But the Pacers scored the final four points of the half to re-take the lead, and then came out of the locker room with an 18-4 run that pushed it to 71-54. Atlanta shot just 2-for-15 in the 22-4 run. The Hawks cut it to 71-59 but the Pacers then closed the third period on a 9-0 run capped by Foster's rare 3-pointer to make it a 21-point game heading into the fourth. QUOTABLE II:  "Ball movement was good to get the open person and I feel like I am getting my stroke back. As we all know I am kind of a slow starter every year. And this year there was very little preseason so my preseason is now and I am getting better."   -- Danny Granger HOT:  Granger entered the game averaging 14.9 points and shooting .307 for the season -- last in the league. He had hit just 25 percent in his previous five games, averaging 12.0 points. But he put that behind him by hitting 9-for-16 overall, including 3-for-5 from the 3-point line. NOT:  Atlanta didn't get much from the perimeter players. Teague shot just 2-for-10,  Vladimir Radmanovic  was 1-for-7 and  Joe Johnson  was 5-for-12. The Hawks shot .375 for the game, the seventh opponent in 10 games the Pacers have held to less than 40 percent. QUOTABLE III:  "Everything that could have gone wrong went wrong in the third quarter. We stayed in it in the second quarter, but we just came out in the third quarter and could not execute. We missed too many shots and made some mistakes and that compounded things. The Pacers came out tonight and established things."    -- Hawks coach  Larry Drew FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:   Paul George  continues to tease owners with the occasional flash but remains inconsistent. Indiana's gifted second-year forward had just five points with six rebounds, four assists, two blocks and a steal in 21 minutes. GOOD MOVE:  Vogel wasn't sure Granger would be able to play the full game, given his recent bout with food poisoning, but the coach quickly could tell his star player was just fine and he wound up playing 27 minutes, sitting the entire fourth quarter as the Pacers blew it open. BAD MOVE:  Drew couldn't find a button to push in the third quarter. After his team closed the first half strong, it came out of the locker room flat, making just two buckets in the first eight minutes of the period as things got out of hand. IN THE ARENA:  Colts linebacker  Gary Brackett  was a front-row spectator. ... Former Indy Car driver and current Colts scouting assistant  A.J. Foyt IV  and wife  Casey Irsay , daughter of the Colts' owner, also had front-row seats. ROOKIE WATCH:   Lance Stephenson  isn't technically a rookie but played so little his first season he might as well be. The young guard had a career-high 12 points in 18 minutes off the Indiana bench, hitting 5-for-7 shots while adding five rebounds and three assists. NOTABLE:  Atlanta lost starting center  Al Horford  midway through the first quarter with a left shoulder strain. He went down hard after having consecutive shots blocked, first by Hibbert, then by George. ...  Tyler Hansbrough  wore protective eyewear, but not the more flashy goggles and bright yellow headband that captivated his teammates in practice Tuesday. Hansbrough sustained a scratch to his right eye late in the third quarter in Philadelphia Monday. ... Atlanta played its second game in a row without starting forward  Marvin Williams , who did not make the trip with a sprained left ankle. Radmanovic replaced him in the starting lineup. ... The Hawks' leading bench scorer,  Tracy McGrady , missed the game with back spasms. ... ...  Jeff Pendergraph  made his first appearance with the Pacers, checking in with 5:23 left in the game. ... The Pacers are 4-0 at home for the first time since 2002. ... Atlanta's nine points in the third quarter were the fewest scored against the Pacers in any period this season. ... Indiana is 6-0 when scoring at least 90 points. ...  Roy Hibbert  had his sixth double-double with 12 points and 11 rebounds, adding four assists and a season-high four blocks. UP NEXT:  For the Pacers, Friday @ Toronto, Saturday vs. Boston, Wednesday @ Sacramento. For the Hawks, Thursday vs. Charlotte, Saturday vs. Minnesota, Monday vs. Toronto.  