Notebook: 76ers 97, Cavaliers 87 
 
 
 Brian Dulik, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Mar 29, 2013 11:56 PM - Updated Fri Mar 29, 2013 11:56 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:  Small forward  Evan Turner  scored 20 of his game-high 23 points in the second half as the Philadelphia 76ers pulled away for a 97-87 victory over the Cleveland Cavaliers. Point guard  Jrue Holiday  added 20 points and six assists for the 76ers, while center  Spencer Hawes  collected 16 points, 11 rebounds and five assists. Cavaliers shooting guard  C.J. Miles  scored 19 points off the bench, while rookie center  Tyler Zeller  had 14 points and 10 rebounds. Cleveland squandered a 10-point lead in suffering its season-high seventh straight loss. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "Any time when I'm attacking, I feel like I can be successful, and I got in a good rhythm coming right out of halftime. The shots started falling for me at the start of the third quarter, which was definitely cool." --  76ers small forward Turner. 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Turner exploded for 13 points in the first 6:34 of the third quarter, including a mid-range jumper that put Philadelphia in front for good at 49-47. The former Ohio State standout racked up 20 points and eight rebounds in the second half, allowing him to match his season best with a game-high 13 boards on the evening. "Evan was terrific," 76ers coach  Doug Collins  said. "I know he always gets keyed up to play here, but tonight was his best all-around game in Cleveland." 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Philadelphia used a 20-2 run that bridged halftime -- fueled by seven points from Turner, five from Hawes, and four from power forward  Thaddeus Young  -- to seize control. Prior to the 76ers' surge, the Cavaliers held a 45-36 lead with 1:57 left in the first half. "We just got stagnant," Cleveland coach  Byron Scott  said. "The ball wasn't moving and just got stuck in one area, then it affected us on the other end. You have to give Philadelphia credit." 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "It's our seventh loss in a row, and we should have won about three of those. It all comes down to the defensive end and our lack of communication. We couldn't get stops and we didn't rotate. It's definitely frustrating." --  Cavaliers power forward  Tristan Thompson. 
 
 
 HOT:  The 76ers are 6-4 since March 16, pulling them within 6 1/2 games of Milwaukee in the race for the final playoff spot in the Eastern Conference with 10 contests to play. ... Holiday scored 12 points in the fourth quarter and had 16 in the second half. ... Philadelphia shooting guard  Damien Wilkins  recorded a season-high tying six assists. ... Cavaliers power forward  Luke Walton  dished out a game-high seven assists in just 21 minutes. He also had five points and seven boards. ... Miles is averaging 12.5 points and shooting .422 on 3-pointers over his last 19 games. 
 
 NOT:  The Cavaliers have the third-worst record in the NBA at 22-49, along with the league's third-worst home mark at 13-23. ... Philadelphia's bench was 5-of-18 from the floor and was outscored by Cleveland's substitutes 37-13. ... The Cavaliers (and Scott) are 62-157 since  LeBron James  left the franchise in July 2010. ... Thompson missed five of his seven free throw attempts, dropping his season percentage to .619. ... Philadelphia point guard  Jeremy Pargo  logged six minutes in the first quarter, but did not play in the final three periods against his former team. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "Everyone is frustrated because this was definitely a winnable game. When we're playing the right way, it seems too easy and we tend to ease up. We have to do a better job sticking with what we did that got us the lead." --  Cavaliers shooting guard  Miles. 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Collins shrewdly used Turner at point guard, shooting guard and small forward -- taking advantage of his versatility and his strong, 6-foot-7, 220-pound frame against every Cavaliers player who tried to defend him. "We had the ball in his hands a lot tonight because we liked his matchups," Collins said. In addition to making 9-of-17 field goals, including two 3-pointers, Turner had four assists with one turnover in 38 strong minutes. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Cleveland small forward  Alonzo Gee , who has been disappointing since signing a multi-year contract last summer, was given his 71st straight start by Scott. Gee was ineffective defensively all night, while only scoring six points with two rebounds and one assist. On the season, the fourth-year pro is shooting .406 from the field and .301 beyond the arc. Gee also is only averaging 15.9 points and 2.7 assists per 48 minutes in 2012-2013. 
 
 NOTABLE:  The Cavaliers played without their top three scorers in All-Star point guard  Kyrie Irving  (left shoulder sprain), shooting guard  Dion Waiters  (left knee soreness), and center  Anderson Varejao  (season-ending right knee surgery). Irving and Waiters both worked out on the court before the game, raising hopes they could return in early April. "I guess that's a good sign, but I have no official update," Scott said. ... Irving has missed eight straight games, while Waiters sat out his fourth in a row. ... The 76ers' inactives were shooting guard  Jason Richardson  (season-ending left knee surgery) and center  Andrew Bynum  (season-ending knee surgery). ... Wilkins -- the son of former Cleveland shooting guard  Gerald Wilkins  -- attended eighth grade at Richfield Revere Middle School in Northeast Ohio. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the 76ers, Saturday vs. Charlotte, Wednesday @ Charlotte, Friday @ Atlanta. For the Cavaliers, Sunday @ New Orleans, Monday @ Atlanta, Wednesday vs. Brooklyn. 
