  Pistons-Nuggets notebook   By Michael Kelly, for NBA.com Posted Sunday March 13, 2011 12:43AM THE FACTS:   J.R Smith  was 9-of-16 from 3-point range and scored a season-high 31 points to lead eight Nuggets in double figures as Denver routed the Detroit Pistons 131-101 on Saturday night. QUOTABLE:  "Just playing basketball like we all grew up playing. Kind of like organized pickup. You're out there running and playing."    -- Smith, on the Nuggets going 7-2 since trading  Chauncey Billups  and  Carmelo Anthony . THE STAT: Ty Lawson  went 123 games before recording his first NBA double-double. After Saturday's 15-point, 11-assist effort, he has three in his last four games. TURNING POINT:  The Pistons trailed from the start until  Greg Monroe  tied it at 72 midway through the third quarter. The Nuggets went on a 21-2 run to finish the period, highlighted by an alley-oop from  Raymond Felton  to  Kenyon Martin  that made it 90-74. QUOTABLE II : "We wore them down. In the middle of the third, end of the third quarter, it seems like that's where the game is busting for us."    -- Nuggets coach  George Karl  on his team's big run in the third quarter. HOT:  Smith scored 26 points in the second half and lit up Detroit with seven 3-pointers in the fourth quarter to blow the game wide open. NOT: Austin Daye  played a strong two games before Detroit hit the road, but he couldn't sustain it. In the Pistons' first two games of the trip he averaged 4.5 points and five rebounds. He scored eight points Saturday, but they came in mop-up minutes. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:   Nene  had 18 points and 11 rebounds and has come alive since the trading deadline. In his last five games he is averaging 18.4 points and 9.6 rebounds. GOOD MOVE:  The Nuggets figured out how to stop Detroit's pick-and-roll in the third quarter. The Pistons shot 56 percent in the first half but only 32 percent in the third quarter. BAD MOVE:  Smith was on fire, but in his effort to hit 10 3-pointers for the third time in his career he shot 12 of them in the fourth quarter, many of them after the game was well in hand. His last one came with 1.5 seconds left. ROOKIE WATCH:  The Pistons' Monroe and  Gary Forbes  of Denver both started for their teams and were solid. Forbes hit two early 3-pointers to help the Nuggets grab the early lead. He finished with 10 points and five rebounds. Monroe had eight points and six rebounds. NOTABLE:  The Nuggets have won six straight at home and have beaten their last two visitors by a combined 70 points. UP NEXT:  For the Pistons, Wednesday vs. Toronto, Friday vs. New York, Sunday, Mar. 20 @ Atlanta. For the Nuggets, Monday @ New Orleans, Wednesday @ Atlanta, Friday @ Orlando.  