  Notebook: Pacers 102, Sixers 97 Posted Tuesday April 17, 2012 10:56PM By Andy Jasner, for NBA.com THE FACTS:   Danny Granger  scored 24 points,  Roy Hibbert  scored 15 points and grabbed 13 rebounds as the Indiana Pacers won their 40th game with a 102-97 victory over the Philadelphia 76ers Tuesday night at the Wells Fargo Center. The Pacers (40-22) also received 13 points from David West and 12 from  George Hill . Indiana improved to 19-14 on the road and won its sixth straight overall. Andre Iguodala  led the reeling Sixers with 23 points.  Thaddeus Young  scored 19 points and  Lou Williams  had 18. But the Sixers (31-30) dropped their fourth in a row at home and saw their lead dwindle in the race for the final playoff spot in the Eastern Conference. They lead the Milwaukee Bucks by just a game-and-a-half. QUOTABLE:  "I've been a scorer all of my career. When you get in one of those modes, you feel like they are all just going to go in and a lot of them do. That's just the way it was tonight."   -- Granger, on his hot shooting, especially from 3-point land. THE STAT:  The Sixers fell to 3-18 this season in games decided by seven or fewer points. TURNING POINT:  After the Sixers climbed within 90-87, Hibbert responded with a three-point play followed by a 3-pointer from  Paul George . Just like that, it was 96-87 with 1:35 remaining. HOT:  Granger was 6-for-8 from 3-point territory, including some clutch treys with the shot clock winding down. NOT:   Evan Turner  missed all three of shots while starting shooting guard Jodie Meeks was 1-for-4. That's not enough production in what was a critical game for the Sixers. QUOTABLE II:  "I think it's more us for giving them good looks. We talk about not giving up corner threes. It was just mental lapses that really, really hurt us."   --  Elton Brand , on the Pacers shooting 13-for-24 from beyond the arc, one night after the Orlando Magic shot 11-for-18. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Iguodala scored 23 points and added seven rebounds and six assists for the Sixers. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Former Sixers legend  Julius Erving  was in attendance at the Wells Fargo Center. Erving received a standing ovation after being shown on the video board in the second quarter. QUOTABLE III:  "Indiana is good. They're gonna cause people problems. If they win their first-round matchup and get into that second round against either Miami or Chicago, that could really be a good series."   -- Sixers head coach  Doug Collins , on the Pacers as they head for the playoffs. GOOD MOVE:  The Pacers did a great job of establishing Hibbert in the low post and then working an inside-out game with their shooters. BAD MOVE:  The Sixers struggled with their perimeter defense, especially beyond the arc. One night after giving up 11 3-pointers to the Orlando Magic, the Pacers torched Philadelphia for 13 treys. Defense has been a staple all season, but it hasn't been consistent the past couple of games. ROOKIE WATCH:   Nikola Vucevic  started at center for the Sixers and managed just two points and two rebounds. Forward  Lavoy Allen  didn't play. NOTABLE:  The Sixers fell to 0-10 when allowing 100 or more points. ... The Pacers improved to 24-4 when eclipsing the 100-point plateau. ... The Sixers lost despite recording season-highs in free throws made (24) and free throws attempted (32). ... Iguodala had gone 45 games scoring below 20 points before Tuesday, the longest drought of his career. ... The Sixers are 2-23 when tied or trailing after three quarters. ... Pacers guard  Darren Collison  was inactive with a sore groin. ... Hibbert registered his 21st double-double this season. ... Indiana reached 40 victories in game No. 62. It didn't even reach 30 wins in any of the previous five seasons through its first 62 games. NEXT:  For the Pacers, Thursday vs. Milwaukee, Saturday vs. Philadelphia, Monday vs. Detroit. For the Sixers, Wednesday @ Cleveland, Saturday @ Indiana, Monday @ New Jersey.  