
 Nets-Nuggets notebook   By Michael Kelly, for NBA.com Posted Sunday November 21, 2010 12:33AM THE FACTS:   Carmelo Anthony  scored 28 points and pulled down eight rebounds and the Denver Nuggets held off a late rally to beat the New Jersey Nets 107-103 on Saturday night. QUOTABLE:  "We had some stops and made some big stops down the stretch.   --  Nuggets guard  Ty Lawson THE STAT:  Seven Nets players, led by  Brook Lopez' s 20 points, were in double figures.  Derrick Favors  and  Jordan Farmar  led the way off the bench with 14 points each. TURNING POINT:  With a chance to tie the game at 105, Lopez missed a layup with 14.9 seconds left and Anthony hit two free throws to seal the win. QUOTABLE II : "It was a really good look, especially for the time of the game. I just didn't finish."   --  Lopez, on his laypup HOT:  Nuggets guard  J.R. Smith  has been in the doghouse the last three games but he made the most of his opportunity Saturday. He scored 11 points, including a strong drive and dunk late in the first quarter that brought the crowd to its feet. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Anthony's wife, television personality  LaLa Vasquez , was sitting courtside. GOOD MOVE:   Melvin Ely  played a total of 30 seconds in the previous four games, but coach  George Karl  called on him in the first half. The seldom-used forward responded with nine points and six rebounds and played strong on the inside. ROOKIE WATCH:  Favors showed off his passing skills when he hit  Anthony Morrow  with a backdoor pass for an easy layup late in the first quarter. NOTABLE :  Chauncey Billups  needed three stiches on his nose after falling on his face at the 2:58 mark of the first quarter. Nets forward  Stephen Graham  fouled him on a drive to the basket and Billups banged his nose on the hardwood. He sank two free throws before heading to the locker room to get stitched up and returned midway through the second quarter. After the game the team said he suffered a chipped tooth and a sprained right wrist. UP NEXT:  For the Nets, Tuesday vs. Atlanta, Wednesday @ Boston, Saturday @ Philadelphia. For the Nuggets, Monday @ Golden State, Friday vs. Chicago, Nov. 28 vs. Phoenix. 
