  Notebook: Hawks 103, Cavaliers 102 Posted Wednesday March 21, 2012 11:53PM By Matt Winkeljohn, for NBA.com THE FACTS:   Joe Johnson  was as cold as Kalamazoo in winter for nearly 47 minutes Wednesday, but the Hawks' All-Star guard found his stroke in time to push the Cavaliers to overtime with a buzzer-beating 3-pointer. From there he scored seven of his 22 points -- and the game-winner -- as Atlanta overcame a six-point OT deficit to edge the visitors 103-102. The Hawks were bludgeoned 54-38 on the boards, but  Josh Smith  had 32 points and 17 rebounds to help keep his team in the game, and Johnson's 14-foot, stop-and-pop jumper with 18 seconds left in overtime was the difference as Atlanta barely survived a superb effort by Cavs rookie  Kyrie Irving . He lit up the Hawks for the second time in four days, and nearly prevented Atlanta from securing a three-game sweep of the Cavs as he turned in 29 points, nine rebounds and nine assists to just miss his first career triple-double. Irving had his first double-double (19 points, 10 assists) in a 103-87 loss to the Hawks on Sunday in Cleveland. QUOTABLE:  "It was a great play that coach [ Larry Drew ] drew up ... I was surprised when I turned and looked that I was that wide open."   -- Johnson THE STAT:  There were two that mattered most, one for each team. The Cavs' 19 turnovers were hurtful, but not utterly out of whack. The Hawks, on the other hand, turned the ball over just seven times -- a season low by two. Four times Atlanta has turned the ball over nine times. Also, just two days after the sluggish Celtics put the brakes on the Hawks' fast-break by out-scoring them 10-8 on the way to a win in Atlanta, the Hawks raced past Cleveland 23-3 in fast-break points. Irving wasn't fast-breaking the Hawks; he was dribble-driving them half to death in half-court sets. TURNING POINT:  Atlanta trailed 101-95 with 1:27 left in overtime after the Cavs rode a 6-0 run. Then, Johnson hit a 3-pointer out of the timeout,  Antawn Jamison  missed a jumper at the other end, and Smith completed a 3-point play after being fouled by Jamison to tie the game at 101. Tristan Thompson  made one of two free throws with 30 seconds left (he also split a pair of free throws with 1:27 remaining) to set up Johnson's final shot -- when again the Cavs did not switch as he drove from the high elbow down the right side, stopped and popped with 18 seconds to go. QUOTABLE II:  "We gave up a 3 and a three-point play while up six in overtime so within 30 seconds it was a tied ball game ... which is something we just can't do ... We gave them the game. We just made some bad decisions at the end."   -- Cleveland coach  Byron Scott HOT:  Irving had eight points, five assists and three rebounds in the first quarter as Cleveland blew out to a 36-21 lead. Cleveland made 13-of-21 shots in the period (23-of-57 from there onward). ...  Jerry Stackhouse  tied his season-high of 10 points, including eight in the final 32-plus minutes of the second quarter when he nailed two 3-pointers and had a fast-break dunk. He also had a steal and an assist in that time. He's made 9-of-16 shots in the past three games. NOT:  Josh Smith made 10-of-29 shots and has gone 18-for-64 over his past three games. He did, however, make 10-of-12 free throws Wednesday. ...  Alonzo Gee  made his first shot Wednesday, and then missed his final eight. NOTABLE:  Atlanta center  Zaza Pachulia's  career-best streak of six straight games with 10 or more rebounds ended. He had seven. He did, however, have 14 points. ...  Irving (seven) and fellow rookie Thompson (four) scored all of Cleveland's overtime points. Irving scored seven of the Cavs' final 11 points in the last 3:24 of regulation. He entered the game second in the NBA in points scored in the final three minutes of games (3.5). ... After missing 11 games with back and hamstring problems, Atlanta's  Willie Green  played 14:46 and scored three points with three fouls. ... Atlanta was without SF  Marvin Williams  (hip flexor), PF  Ivan Johnson  (attending birth of his child), F  Vladimir Radmanovic  (back) and PG  Jannero Pargo  (appendectomy). ... The Cavs played without G  Daniel Gibson  (sprained ankle). ... Every Atlanta starter played at least 37:52 ( Kirk Hinrich , who fouled out with 30 seconds left in OT). The other four played at least 44:19 (Teague, who had five fouls). ... Smith played all 29 minutes in the second half and overtime. ... The only substitution made by either team in overtime came when Green replaced Hinrich when he fouled out. UP NEXT:  For the Cavs, Friday @ Orlando, Sunday vs. Phoenix, Tuesday @  Philadelphia. For the Hawks, Friday vs. New Jersey, Saturday @  Washington, Sunday vs. Utah.  