  Raptors-Magic notebook   By Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com Posted Friday January 21, 2011 11:36PM THE FACTS:   Dwight Howard  matched Toronto's starting lineup in points (31) and outrebounded the Raptor starters 19-18, leading the Orlando Magic to a 112-72 victory. Howard had a double-double (14 points, 12 rebounds) in the first half before the Magic put the game away in the third quarter, handing the Raptors their sixth straight loss.  DeMar DeRozan  scored 10 of his team-leading 16 points in the first quarter for Toronto. QUOTABLE:  "We asked them at halftime (why the Raptors were not double-teaming him) and their coach said if I score a lot of points but my teammates don't get involved . . . so I guess that was the plan.  Stan [Van Gundy]  has done a lot of stats and he said when I score 30 points, we lose games."   -- Dwight Howard THE STAT:  The 72 points were a season-low for the Raptors and tied a season-low for a Magic opponent. TURNING POINT:  It was a four-point game early in the second half when Howard went on a tear, scoring on two layups, three dunks and a tip in a five-minute span that stretched the lead to 15. QUOTABLE II:  "We couldn't keep (Howard) off the glass offensively or defensively, and our strategy of trying to foul him backfires when he makes 6-of-7 (free throws) in the second half. So by the time we get to the fourth quarter, it was over.''   -- Raptors coach  Jay Triano HOT:  In his last eight games,  Ryan Anderson  is averaging 16 points for the Magic in 25 minutes. NOT:  The Raptors shot 6-for-21 (29 percent) in the first quarter, 14-for-42 (33 percent) in the second half, 4-for-15 (27 percent) from 3-point range and 10-for-17 (59 percent) from the foul line. GOOD MOVE:  With a game scheduled at Houston Saturday night, the Magic emptied their bench after taking a 91-59 lead early in the fourth quarter. BAD MOVE:  The Raptors tried defending Howard with one man, even though they were not equipped to do so. QUOTABLE III:  "(Howard) was saying stuff to me and I was talking back. Then when I went out of the game he said: 'Now who's gonna box me out?' We were doing everything we could to box him out; he's a great rebounder. Sometimes guys get beat one-on-one and we've got to help each other. It's just like leaving a guy on an island. Our defensive coverage is bad right now."   -- Raptors forward  Joey Dorsey ROOKIE WATCH:   Ed Davis  of the Raptors had his fifth straight game of seven rebounds or more. Davis has 46 rebounds in the last five games. NOTABLE:  The Magic have won eight straight at home . . . The Raptors won 110-106 in their preceding visit to Orlando on Nov. 12. UP NEXT:  For the Raptors, Saturday @ Miami, Monday vs. Memphis, Wednesday vs. Philadelphia. For the Magic, Saturday @ Houston, Monday vs. Detroit, Wednesday @ Indiana.  