  Notebook: Bucks 105, Rockets 99   By Matt Miller, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday January 25, 2012 11:40PM THE FACTS:  The Milwaukee Bucks watched  Andrew Bogut  go down with another injury, but that did not stop them from cooling off what was the hottest team in the NBA. Stephen Jackson  came off the bench to score 20 points, and  Brandon Jennings  added 20 points and six assists as the Bucks halted the Houston Rockets' seven-game winning streak with a gritty 105-99 victory on Wednesday at Toyota Center. Milwaukee (7-10) erased a 12-point second-half deficit despite playing without its starting center Bogut, who went to the locker room near the end of the first quarter after suffering a sprained left ankle when he landed awkwardly on  Kyle Lowry 's foot. Neither Bucks coach  Scott Skiles  nor Bogut wanted to speculate over how long Bogut will be sidelined, but Bogut said his X-rays did not reveal any serious problems. Bogut, who was wearing a walking boot after the game, will be re-evaluated tomorrow before a decision is made about his availability for Friday's matchup with Chicago. Kevin Martin  netted a game-high 29 points to lead Houston (10-8), while  Luis Scola  chipped in with 18 points on 7-for-11 shooting and eight rebounds. A lack of defensive energy plagued the Rockets, who allowed Milwaukee to score 63 points and shoot 9-for-14 from behind the arc after halftime. QUOTABLE:  "I do [feel snakebit]. It's like someone has a voodoo doll [of me] and is putting pins in it. ... [My ankle] is pretty painful ... but once we get the swelling down and go get MRIs, we'll see."   -- Andrew Bogut on his bad luck with injuries during his career THE STAT:  The Bucks became the last existing NBA franchise to earn a victory at Toyota Center, where they were 0-8 all-time entering Wednesday, and won in Houston for the first time since Nov. 2, 1999. TURNING POINT:  After ending the first half on a 25-6 run, the Rockets appeared to have control and led 66-58 with 3:49 left in the third quarter. But suddenly, Houston could not put the ball in the hoop. The Rockets failed to make a field goal over the next seven-plus minutes, and Milwaukee took full advantage by slinging in a few 3-pointers during a 28-6 run that gave it an 86-72 lead with 8:30 remaining in the fourth period. QUOTABLE II:  "We had plenty of chances out there to take this game, to control this game. In the third quarter, we let it get away from us. That's on us. ... We gave up 63 points in the second half. There's no excuse for that."   -- Houston coach  Kevin McHale HOT:  Jackson delivered by far his best performance since he was suspended one game for missing a team shootaround last week. He finished with 20 points on 8-for-16 shooting, including 3-for-6 shooting from 3-point range, three assists, two steals and one block. Jackson also played a pivotal role in limiting Martin and  Courtney Lee  to a combined 14 points on 5-for-14 shooting in the second half. NOT:  Lowry shot 0-for-8 in the first half, but he did make positive contributions of seven assists and six rebounds. In the second half, Lowry not only continued to throw up bricks (2-for-8) but also failed to make other plays to jump-start Houston's struggling offense. GOOD MOVE:  Bogut's injury could have left the Bucks discouraged, but they continued to play with great intensity and teamwork despite watching an early double-digit lead transform into a 12-point deficit. Milwaukee's team effort was reflected on the stat sheet as the Bucks' bench outscored Houston's reserves 48-4 over the third and fourth periods. BAD MOVE:  Milwaukee is not a great 3-point shooting squad, but it gained confidence early by knocking down four wide-open looks from behind the arc in the first quarter. The Rockets seemed content with continuing to allow the Bucks to launch it from the perimeter, and Milwaukee made Houston pay by knocking down 14 of 29 attempts (48.3 percent) from behind the arc. QUOTABLE III:  "We can't win games when we play defense like that. We have to have a much better effort on the defensive end." -- Rockets forward Chandler Parsons NOTABLE:  Milwaukee has won three straight road games for the first time since April 2010. ... The Bucks were outrebounded for the first time in six games. ... The Bucks' backups outscored and outrebounded Houston's bench 66-15 and 30-7, respectively. ... Milwaukee's opponents have drained more free throws (339) than Milwaukee has attempted (326) this season. ... At least one Bucks reserve has scored at least 10 points in 10 consecutive games. ... Milwaukee improved to 5-1 when scoring at least 100 points. ... The Bucks won for the first time this season when trailing at halftime. ... Milwaukee forward  Ersan Ilyasova  grabbed a career-high 19 rebounds. ... Bucks forward  Mike Dunleavy  scored 16 of his season-high 18 points in the second half. ... The Rockets fell to 9-2 when leading at halftime. UP NEXT:  For the Bucks, Friday @ Chicago, Saturday vs. L.A. Lakers, Monday vs. Detroit. For the Rockets, Friday vs. Washington, Saturday vs. New York, Monday vs. Minnesota.  