
 Pacers-Trail Blazers notebook   By Kerry Eggers, for NBA.com Posted Sunday January 23, 2011 1:41AM THE FACTS:   LaMarcus Aldridge  collected 25 points and 12 rebounds,  Nicolas Batum  knocked down five 3-pointers en route to a 23-point performance and Portland rallied from a 16-point first-half deficit to beat Indiana 97-92 Saturday night at the Rose Garden. It was the fifth straight win for the Blazers (25-20).  Danny Granger  led Indiana (16-24) with 24 points. QUOTABLE:  "When I hit those four straight threes, the crowd starts to warm up a little bit. It feels good for everybody. We went from down three to plus eight."    -- Nicolas Batum THE STAT:  Aldridge was 0-for-3 with two points in the first quarter as Indiana chose to double-team him every time he touched the ball. TURNING POINT:  The Pacers ralled from an 11-point deficit to get to within 90-87 with 1:48 remaining. But two big plays --  Rudy Fernandez  nailed a 3-pointer and  Dante Cunningham  swatted a  Darren Collison  driving shot -- helped seal it for Portland. QUOTABLE II:  "When  (Andre) Miller  went out, I would imagine  Nate (McMillan)  was not crazy about what  (Patty) Mills  and  (Armon) Johnson  were going to give him at the point. He went with a veteran group. All three guys on the perimeter can shoot the three, and Cunningham can space the court. That makes it more difficult to handle Aldridge one-on-one. Despite their injuries, they have a lot of weapons."    -- Indiana coach  Jim O'Brien  on the Trail Blazers HOT:  On a night when Portland shot only .422 from the field, Batum sank 8 of 14 from the field, including a career-high 5 of 8 from 3-point range. NOT:  Mills missed his first five shots from the field, then made a trey to finish 1 for 6. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Fernandez was a force off the bench for Portland, contributing 11 points, eight assists, six rebounds and two steals in 37 minutes. GOOD MOVE:  With intestinal flu limiting Miller to the game's first 2:45, McMillan chose to use shooting guards Fernandez and  Wesley Matthews  to handle the ball in the second half and kept backup point guards Mills and Johnson on the bench. Fernandez and Matthews combined for 17 assists and got the job done at the point. BAD MOVE:  Indiana's defensive plan against Aldridge -- double-team him every time he touched the ball -- worked perfectly in the first quarter. Then the Pacers went away from it, and the Blazers' power forward made them pay the final three periods. ROOKIE WATCH:   Paul George  came off the Indiana bench to hit 3 of 5 shots and contribute seven points and three rebounds in only seven minutes. NOTABLE:  In his last 20 games, Aldridge is shooting 53 percent while averaging 26.3 points and 10.2 rebounds. UP NEXT:  For the Blazers, Monday vs. Sacramento, Thursday vs. Boston. For the Pacers, Sunday @ Denver, Wednesday vs. Orlando, Friday vs. New Jersey. 
