  Mavericks-Hornets notebook   By Larry Holder, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday November 17, 2010 11:27PM THE FACTS:   Chris Paul  scored 21 points and tallied 11 assists, while  David West  made two steals in the final seconds to give the New Orleans Hornets a 99-97 win over the Dallas Mavericks on Wednesday night in the New Orleans Arena. The Hornets avenged Monday's loss to the Mavs as Dallas gave New Orleans its only loss of the early season. THE STAT:  The Hornets went on a 27-7 run during the first 8:11 of the third quarter to go ahead 69-59. It helped New Orleans leap back into a game in which it looked totally out of sorts in the first half. TURNING POINT:  West stole the ball away from the Mavs'  Dirk Nowitzki  with 2.7 seconds left, thwarting Dallas' chance to take the lead with the Hornets up 98-97. West was fouled, went 1-for-2 from the line and then intercepted the inbound pass by  Tyson Chandler  with 1.9 left to preserve the win. QUOTABLE:  "We figured Dirk was going to get the ball. I knew Mek [ Emeka Okafor ] was behind me. We was able to be aggressive out on the perimeter. I just got my hand on it and tried to turn the corner. We got the stop."   -- West on his game-clinching steal. HOT:  Though Nowitzki couldn't pull the Mavs through in the waning moments, he certainly kept Dallas in the game. He scored a game-high 29 points on 11-for-19 from the floor along with nine rebounds. NOT:  Dallas shot nearly 51 percent from the field, but no thanks to guard  Jose Barea . He only made 2-for-13 shots in nearly 27 minutes off the bench. QUOTABLE II:  "We had a few choice words in the locker room at halftime. ... Halftime tonight was a different halftime than we've had before. ... It wasn't about Xs and Os. It was about heart, character and resiliency."   -- Hornets coach  Monty Williams . GOOD MOVE:  Hornets guard  Marco Belinelli  defended Nowitzki in the pick-and-roll defense in the last couple of minutes and really limited Nowitzki's open looks. Nowitzki only took one shot in the final five minutes. NOTABLE:  Mavs forward  Caron Butler  returned to action after missing the last three games with back spasms. He started and scored five points in 23 minutes ... The Hornets haven't surrendered 100 points or more to any team this season in starting 9-1 ... The Hornets outscored the Mavs 40-24 in the paint. UP NEXT:  For the Mavs, Friday vs. Chicago, Saturday at Atlanta, Tuesday vs. Detroit. For the Hornets, Friday vs. Cleveland, Sunday at Sacramento, Monday at L.A. Clippers.  