  Notebook: Thunder 109, Rockets 94   By Randy Renner, for NBA.com Posted Saturday January 7, 2012 1:11AM THE FACTS:  The road woes continue for the Houston Rockets as the Oklahoma City Thunder shot 52.5 percent and cruised to a 109-94 win inside Chesapeake Energy Arena. Houston is now 0-5 on the road this season and 2-5 overall. The Thunder snaps a two-game losing streak while improving to 6-2 on the season. Oklahoma City Head Coach  Scott Brooks  kept his starters on the bench the entire fourth quarter, providing them some rest as OKC embarks on its only stretch of back-to-back-to-back games. The Thunder and Rockets play again tomorrow night in Houston and then Oklahoma City hosts San Antonio on Sunday. Thunder forward  Kevin Durant  led all scorers with 26 points on 10-for-16 shooting, sixth man James Harden added 23 on 8-for-11. Point guard  Russell Westbrook  dropped in 15. The Rockets had five players in double figures led by  Kevin Martin  and  Terrance Williams  with 13 apiece.  Goran Dragic , starting in place of an injured Kyle Lowry at point guard finished with 10 points and 11 assists. QUOTABLE:  "Our defense was really good, especially in the first half (when the Rockets shot 41%) and Kevin (Durant) had one of his best overall games. He can fill up the stat sheet every night and this was a good all-around game for him."   --Thunder Head Coach  Scott Brooks THE STAT:  The Thunder scored 22 points in the paint against Houston in just the first quarter on 11-for-16 shooting. The Thunder finished with 54 paint points. The Rockets gave up 60 points in the paint Wednesday night against the Clippers and have struggled with their defense down low on the road this season. QUOTABLE II:  "They collapsed our paint again and then Harden came in and just drove at will. They were way more aggressive than we were. We're just not very good right now."   --Rockets Head Coach  Kevin McHale TURNING POINT:  The Thunder led for all but a minute and a half during this game, they led by 21 halfway through the second quarter and by as many as 27. The Rockets just could never put together enough of a run to get back into the game. HOT:  Houston has struggled defensively in road games and in the first quarter OKC shot 63.2 percent. ...For the half the Thunder shot 57.9 percent(22-for-38). ...Thunder forward Kevin Durant was 5-for-8 in the first half and KD was 5-for-8 in the third quarter... Nick Collison  was 3-for-3 and  James Harden  was 4-for-5 at the half...He was also 4-for-5 in the fourth quarter. ...Houston's  Terrance Williams  was 4-for-5 and  Luis Scola  was 5-for-10 in the first 24 minutes. ...Houston's  Patrick Patterson  finished 5-for-8. ... Jeff Adrien  was 3-for-4 in the fourth quarter. NOT:  In the first quarter the Rockets were just 9-for-25 (36 percent). ...In the first half Houston was just 1-for-6 on 3-pointers. ...Houston started the third quarter by missing seven of its first eight shots. ... Luis Scola  was 0-for-4 in the second half... GOOD MOVE:  In the first quarter, Rockets forward Scola had heads turning with three spin moves down low as he went around both  Serge Ibaka  and  Kendrick Perkins  for a layup. GOOD MOVE TOO:    In the second quarter Thunder forward Collison set a screen on Houston's  Goran Dragic  as  Eric Maynor  dribbled to his right, then Collison rolled into the lane to catch a pass from Maynor and score the layup. GOOD MOVE III:  In the third quarter Thunder forward Durant, working along the baseline, drove right through a double team being worked by the Rockets' Scola and Dragic. As they watched Durant continued to the basket for the score. Interior defense continues to be a problem for Houston. NOTABLE:  Rockets starting point guard  Kyle Lowry  did not play because of a bruised right foot. Rockets coach Kevin McHale said he wasn't sure whether Lowry would be able to go against the Thunder Saturday night in Houston...Most of the starters on both teams played fewer minutes than usual. Durant led OKC with just under 28 minutes. QUOTABLE III:  "Our minutes weren't that high but we know they'll come back tomorrow night on their home court. We're just focusing on this first game."   - Brooks on his team playing the first game of a back-to-back-to-back. UP NEXT:  For the Rockets, Saturday vs Thunder, Tuesday @ Charlotte, Wednesday @ San Antonio. For the Thunder, Saturday @ Houston, Sunday vs Spurs, Tuesday @ Memphis.  