  Pacers-Nets notebook   By Jake Appleman, for NBA.com Posted Monday March 21, 2011 10:48PM THE FACTS:  The Pacers rode  Roy Hibbert  (24 points, five rebounds),  Danny Granger  (20 points) and a dominant third quarter to a 102-98 victory over the Nets. The Nets almost stole the game with a late 12-4 run, but a  Sasha Vujacic  straightaway 3-pointer was deflected and corralled by the visitors. Brook Lopez  finished with 20 points on 20 field goal attempts for the Nets, who lost their fourth straight. The win pushes the Pacers a full two games ahead of the Charlotte Bobcats in the race for the Eastern Conference's final playoff spot. QUOTABLE:  "We're quietly embracing trying to win a game right now."   --  Nets coach  Avery Johnson , when reminded that the team had been quietly embracing the idea of the playoffs mere days ago. THE STAT:  The Pacers scored 40 points in the paint, the only thing working early in the game and the key to their success. Not only was Hibbert efficient (10-14 shooting),  Josh McRoberts  (14 points on seven shots) and  Tyler Hansbrough  (7 points, nine rebounds) made strong contributions inside. TURNING POINT:  A driving layup from  Darren Collison  got the Pacers going to start the second half and they reeled off nine straight points, taking the lead and control of the game in the process. QUOTABLE II:  "We have to win. We don't wanna go home and watch the Playoffs."   --  Hibbert. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:   Sundiata Gaines  popped off the Nets bench for a career-high 18 points and six rebounds. ROOKIE WATCH: Paul George , brilliant in his first trip to Newark on SuperBowl Sunday, had a quiet night and watched from the bench as crunchtime minutes at the off guard position went to  Brandon Rush .  Damion James  missed the game for the Nets with a sore foot. NOTABLE:  The Pacers turned the ball over three times in the first three-plus minutes on two travels and a carry...Hansbrough got called for a technical foul in the third quarter...Per  Mike Wells  of the Indianapolis Star, the Pacers did not commit a foul in the third quarter...Lopez wedged the ball in between the rim and the backboard on a fourth quarter dunk attempt...The Pacers have now won seven in a row against the Nets. UP NEXT:  For the Pacers, Wednesday @ Charlotte, Friday vs. Sacramento, Saturday @ Detroit. For the Nets, Wednesday @ Cleveland, Friday @ Orlando, Saturday @ Atlanta.  