  Celtics-Pacers notebook   By Brian Robb, for NBA.com Posted Sunday December 19, 2010 4:29PM THE FACTS: Paul Pierce  had his first triple-double in four years, carrying Boston to their 13th straight win in defeating the Indiana Pacers 99-88. Pierce had 18 points, 10 rebounds, and 12 assists in his seventh career triple-double.  Nate Robinson  and  Glen Davis  also chipped in with 18 points, leading a balanced Boston scoring attack that had five players in double figures.  Danny Granger  led all scorers with 19 points for the Pacers, who have now lost four of their last five games. QUOTABLE:  "We're putting him in Rondo's spot, and making him the facilitator With this team, especially with the injuries we have, he's been a great utility guy. - - Celtics Head coach  Doc Rivers  on Pierce THE STAT:  The Celtics played stifling defense during the second half, limiting the Pacers to just 30 percent shooting, including just 1-of-11 from three-point range. TURNING POINT:  Indiana kept the game tight for the majority of the second half, but Pierce once again took charge in the fourth quarter, scoring six of Boston's ten points during a 10-2 run. The outburst pushed the Celtics lead to nine with 7:33 remaining in the final frame. The Pacers got no closer than six the rest of the way. QUOTABLE II:  "They're a heck of a basketball team and they're stingy in the fourth quarter. We didn't stop them enough times to give us our chance to make a run." -- Indiana head coach  Jim O'Brien HOT:  A rejuvenated  Shaquille O'Neal  came firing out of the gate after a four-game layoff, scoring 11 of Boston's first 17 points, including a thunderous alley-oop dunk over Pacers forward  Jeff Foster . NOT:  Granger struggled with his shot all afternoon, hitting just 25 percent of his 20 attempts. He also missed six of his seven tries from downtown. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Pierce made his presence felt all over the floor, filling up the box score in nearly every category Sunday afternoon. The C's captain finished with 18 points, 10 rebounds, and 12 assists, to go along with four steals and a block on the defensive end. GOOD MOVE:  Pierce once again ran the half-court offense in place of injured point guard  Rajon Rondo  after halftime. Playing as point forward, Pierce distributed the ball extremely well, which enabled Boston's offense explode for 30 points in the fourth and pull away for the win. BAD MOVE:  Rivers attempted to rest all of his starters at the start of the second quarter and go with a five-man bench unit. The decision backfired almost immediately, as the Pacers ran off a 6-0 run, forcing Rivers to reinsert Allen into the lineup with 10:30 remaining in the frame. ROOKIE WATCH:  Celtics rookie  Semih Erden  battled through a groin pull to give the C's much-needed minutes off the bench at the center spot. The injury cleared limited Erden's production however, as he grabbed just one rebound in seven minutes of action. NOTABLE:  Pierce and Indiana guard  Dahntay Jones  got into a yelling match and were handed double technicals at 5:41 mark of 2nd quarter. Indiana scored 19 second chance points off their 16 offensive rebounds. The Celtics had 23 fast break points. UP NEXT:  For the Pacers, Monday vs. New Orleans, Sunday vs. Memphis, Tuesday vs. Boston. For the Celtics, Wednesday vs. Philadelphia, Saturday @ Orlando, Tuesday @ Indiana.  