  Trail Blazers-Kings notebook   By Jimmy Spencer, for NBA.com Posted Thursday March 3, 2011 1:49AM THE FACTS: LaMarcus Aldridge  scored 20 points and added 10 rebounds as the Portland Trail Blazers earned a 107-103 road victory against the Sacramento Kings on Wednesday night. Six of the eight players who played for Portland scored in double figures. THE STAT:  Portland coach  Nate McMillan  joked after the win against Sacramento that he had tortured his team earlier in the day by forcing them to watch film of the defensive lapses in a 103-87 loss to Houston on Tuesday. Though the Kings shot 53.2 percent, Portland played a more spirited brand of defense and was able to force 16 turnovers. Portland outscored Sacramento 25-8 on points off turnovers. QUOTABLE:  "I might have fell asleep. I'm joking. That's tough because you don't want to see yourself looking that bad. We all felt like that wasn't us and we came out tonight and played better."    -- Aldridge on watching film from the loss vs. Houston TURNING POINT:  With the score 91-91 and 4:50 remaining in the game, the Kings turned the ball over four times in four minutes to trail 102-95 with 51.3 seconds left. HOT:  Aldridge took home honors as the NBA's Western Conference Player of the Month, as announced by the league Wednesday. Aldridge averaged 27.8 points and 9.2 rebounds in February. Following 14 points and three rebounds vs. Houston to begin March, Aldridge tallied 20 points and 10 rebounds tonight. QUOTABLE II:  "Even though they are injured, LaMarcus has done a great job of stepping up and filling in the go-to guy role. They added a good addition with  Gerald Wallace . Even though  (Brandon) Roy  is hurt they still have a lot of talent on their team."    -- Sacramento's  DeMarcus Cousins ROOKIE WATCH:  It looked like Cousins may have hit the rookie wall. After a great start to February, Cousins cooled off late in the month and averaged just 9.4 points in his last five games. But on Wednesday night, Cousins burst through that wall, tying a career-high with 28 points and adding 11 rebounds and four assists in 35 minutes off the bench. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT: Marcus Thornton , freshly acquired by Sacramento from the New Orleans Hornets in exchange for  Carl Landry , is proving to be an excellent source of offense for the Kings. After scoring 29 points in his home debut against the Clippers on Monday, Thornton scored 26 on Wednesday night against Portland. With guard  Tyreke Evans  in a walking boot for the next couple of weeks, Thornton will have plenty of opportunities with the ball in his hands. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Two fans in Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim baseball uniforms held up a "Welcome to Anaheim" sign, earning boos from the Sacramento crowd late in the first half. Moments later, the crowd briefly began an "Anaheim sucks" chant. The Kings' arena had a sold-out crowd of 17,317 for Monday's game against the Clippers as part of a grassroots "Here We Stay" movement by fans after Kings ownership began looking into relocation to Anaheim. On Wednesday night, the attendance dropped to 12,286. ... Wednesday night marked the first night in "Power Balance Pavilion," Sacramento's home formerly known as Arco Arena. NOTABLE:  Portland has won nine of its last 10 games against Sacramento. ...  Wesley Matthews  led the Trail Blazers in scoring with 21 points on 8-for-12 shooting. ... Despite shooting 52.6 percent in the first half, the Kings trailed 61-53 at halftime, committing seven turnovers and allowing eight offensive rebounds. UP NEXT:  For the Blazers, Saturday vs. Charlotte, Monday @ Orlando, Tuesday @ Miami. For the Kings, Saturday @ Utah, Monday vs. Houston, Wednesday vs. Orlando.  