
 Rockets-Spurs notebook   By Tim Price, for NBA.com Posted Sunday November 7, 2010 12:30AM THE FACTS:   Manu Ginobili  scored 28 points including two free throws with 14 seconds left in overtime to lead the San Antonio Spurs to a 124-121 victory over Houston on Saturday while the 0-5 Rockets continue to struggle with  Yao Ming  missing the game as a precaution during back-to-back outings and  Aaron Brooks  and  Kevin Martin  sustaining injuries during the game. QUOTABLE:  "I don't know exactly what happened (when Brooks got hurt). I don't know if he touched me in the air and landed awkwardly or he stepped on me. But I saw him yelling, almost crying, so I got worried. But there's not much you can do."   --  Manu Ginobili  describingwhat he saw of the Brooks injury when he guarded him on a halfcourt shot to end the first half. THE STAT:   Tony Parker  scored the first seven points for San Antonio (4-1) in overtime. It came while being guarded by rookie  Ish Smith , who handled the Rockets' point after Brooks' injury. After opening the game with 14 points on 6-of-8 shooting, Brooks was hurt when he heaved a midcourt shot to beat the first-half buzzer but came down awkwardly on his ankle while being guarded by Ginobili. TURNING POINT:  Houston's 15-8 run to end the third quarter and 10-0 run to open the fourth didn't win it for the Rockets, but it might pick up their confidence. With Smith,  Courtney Lee ,  Shane Battier ,  Luis Scola  and  Chuck Hayes  getting the bulk of the minutes (more significantly with Yao, Brooks and Martin off of it), Houston cut a 14-point deficit to a 3-point lead under nine minutes left in regulation and four points up with 1.5 minutes to go. HOT:   Kevin Martin  from the free-throw line. He's 43-of-47 this season, including 7-of-8 against the Spurs. Remember, he went 17-of-17 night the second game of the season at Golden State. NOT:   Chase Budinger  from the 3-point line. He's 2-of-17 this season, including 0-of-3 against the Spurs. He was on the floor when the Rockets had to hit a three in the final seconds of overtime to tie it, and Houston missed three 3-pointers in the final 12 seconds (Battier, Lee and Scola all missed. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Kevin Martin has scored at least 20 points in all but one game this season. On Saturday, though he appeared to hurt a wrist and came out of the game for good with 5:20 to go in the third quarter, Martin hit 7-of-10 from the floor and remained hot from the free-throw line by hitting 7-of-8 foul shots for 24 points in 23 minutes. INSIDE THE ARENA:  The starting center for the last Spurs' championship --  Fabricio   Oberto  -- toured both locker rooms pre-game to visit old Argentine national teammates Ginobili and  Luis Scola . Oberto, announced his retirement this week. His career (he played in Europe, San Antonio, Washington and Portland) included four seasons with the Spurs and the '07 Finals triumph. GOOD MOVE :  Courtney Lee  came in for Martin and did his best to defend Ginobili. He chipped in well offensively with nine points off 4-of-7 shooting in the fourth quarter. BAD MOVE:  Smith, the Rockets rookie point guard, tried to hit the game-winning shot from seven-feet on dribble penetration at the end of regulation rather than create for someone else. ROOKIE WATCH:  Smith was 3-of-14 in relief of Brooks. He did have seven assists compared to one turnover. NOTABLE : The win-loss record of Houston opponents so far this season is 25-5. UP NEXT:  For the Rockets, Sunday vs. Minnesota, Wednesday @ Washington, Friday @ Indiana. For the Spurs, Monday @ Charlotte, Wednesday vs. Clippers, Saturday vs. Philadelphia. 
