Notebook: Pistons 92, Bulls 75 
 
 
 Kent McDill, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Dec 07, 2013 11:14 PM - Updated Sat Dec 07, 2013 11:14 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  Detroit's last win in Chicago was Feb. 24, 2006. The Pistons had lost 14 straight games at the United Center prior to Saturday's game. 
 
 THE LEAD: Brandon Jennings  scored a season-high 33 points, the most points scored by a Piston this season, and visiting Detroit took advantage of a seriously depleted Bulls lineup Saturday to record a 92-75 victory at the United Center Saturday, their fourth straight win and fourth consecutive win on the road. The Bulls got 21 points and 10 rebounds from  Taj Gibson , who had his first start of the season playing in place of injured forward  Luol Deng .     
 
 THE FACTS II:  The Bulls played with only nine healthy players and didn't use one of them. They did use rookie  Tony Snell , who started in place of  Jimmy Butler , and second-year guard  Marquis Teague , who last week was sent to Iowa of the Developmental League only to be recalled the same day when veteran guard  Mike James  was diagnosed with a knee injury.  
 
 THE FACTS III:  With the victory, the 10-10 Pistons are at .500 for the first time since they were 2-2 early in November. They are also 5-5 on the road this season.   
 
 QUOTABLE I:  "He made plays when we needed him to make plays. That is what he is evolving to."  --  Detroit coach  Maurice Cheeks  on Jennings.  
 
 
 TURNING POINT:  After playing to a 47-47 tie in the first half, the Bulls needed three minutes to score in the third quarter, then finished the quarter with just nine points, and trailed 71-56 going into the fourth.   
 
 THE STAT:  The Bulls were 12-for-43 (28 percent) from the field in the second half, including 1-for-12 from 3-point range.  Mike Dunleavy , who was 2-for-3 from long range in the first half, missed all five of his 3-point attempts in the second half. The Pistons were 12-for-19 from the 3-point line.   
 
 THE STAT II:  Jennings outscored the rest of the Pistons' starting lineup, 33-32. Other than Jennings, the only other Pistons in double figures were bench forward  Kyle Singler  (12 points) and bench center  Josh Harrellson , who had a season-high 10 points.    
 
 THE STAT III:  Only three Bulls starters scored in the first half: Gibson (12),  Carlos Boozer  (11) and Snell (2). Dunleavy scored 12 off the bench in the first half for Chicago.  
 
 INJURY UPDATE:  Detroit guard  Rodney Stuckey  suffered a knee injury in a tangle with Bulls guard Dunleavy in the second quarter and did not return. His status was not updated after the game. Bulls guard Butler reportedly started running with the Bulls this week for the first time since suffering a turf toe injury in November but has not practiced. 
 
 HOT:  Jennings made 12 of 22 field goal attempts, was 5-for-8 from 3-point range, and had five assists to three turnovers in 42 minutes.   
 
 NOT:  Take your pick from the Bulls' roster -- Boozer was 4-for-16,  Kirk Hinrich  was 1-for-10, and Snell was 3-for-12 from the field.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We are beating good teams at their places. We are coming together."  --  Detroit backup center Harrellson.  
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Gibson made Bulls coach  Tom Thibodeau  look good with his performance in place of Deng, although the coach's only other real possibility was starting Dunleavy at shooting guard and moving rookie Snell to small forward.  
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  Former Chicago prep and college (Illinois-Chicago) baseball star  Curtis Granderson  was in attendance.   
 
 ROOKIE WATCH : Thibodeau is known for not liking to play rookies, but Snell (New Mexico) got a season-high 42 minutes. Even though he is healthy, and the Bulls only have nine healthy players,  rookie forward  Erik Murphy  (Florida) did not play. Detroit rookie guard  Kentavious Caldwell-Pope  (Georgia) scored nine points but had zero turnovers in 38 minutes of play, and  Peyton Siva  (Louisville) was scoreless in six minutes.    
 
 NOTABLE:  Before the game, as the Auburn-Missouri football game was being shown on the monitor in the back hallways of the United Center, Detroit's  Josh Smith  and  Tony Mitchell  were throwing passes to each other with a regulation football... Gibson has averaged 21 points in his last five games ... after their big performance Wednesday in Milwaukee when they shared 59 points, the Detroit front court of  Andre Drummond, Greg Monroe  and Smith scored just 23 points on 9 of 32 shooting...   the Bulls were called for only 11 personal fouls.   
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, vs. Milwaukee Tuesday, @ New York Wednesday, @ Milwaukee Friday. For the Pistons, vs. Miami Sunday, vs. Minnesota Tuesday, @ New Orleans Wednesday. 
