  Hornets-Warriors notebook   By Geoff Lepper, for NBA.com Posted Thursday January 27, 2011 1:54AM THE FACTS:   Chris Paul  scored 18 points and dished out 17 assists and the New Orleans Hornets set a bevy of new offensive season highs as they extended their winning streak to a franchise-record 10 straight games, beating the Golden State Warriors 112-103 Wednesday. The 112 total points, 60 points in the paint, 35 fast break points, 62.2 percent shooting from the field, 46 field goals and 32 assists were all season bests for typically slow-paced New Orleans, which got a team-high 22 points from  David West .  Monta Ellis  had 26 points and five assists and  Dorell Wright  added 25 points for the Warriors, who have lost three straight. QUOTABLE:  "It was a fast, up-tempo style, and I think we showed we can do that a little bit tonight."    -- Chris Paul THE STAT:  66.7 percent. The Hornets made two out of every three shots through the first three quarters, shredding every semblance of resistance the defensively challenged Warriors erected. As Golden State coach  Keith Smart  noted, the Warriors "couldn't even get it to be a close game" in the fourth quarter, based on their performance in the first three periods. TURNING POINT:  The Warriors were able to hang close -- down by five points with 6:48 remaining in the third quarter -- until a 13-3 Hornets run that highlighted Paul's total command on the evening. Paul scored three of New Orleans' 13 points himself, and assisted on seven of the 10 others. GOOD MOVE:  Hornets coach  Monty Williams , remembering his team's epic fourth-quarter collapse against the Warriors earlier this month, took no chances in this one. After Golden State chopped 10 points off the lead -- getting to 15 down from 25 -- in less than four minutes, Williams brought back his starting five with 3:48 remaining. That group didn't exactly tear it up -- committing four turnovers in the waning minutes -- but it was enough to extend the Hornets' streak to double digits. QUOTABLE II:  "To play that way down the stretch, and allow a team on their home floor to get back into the game was a bit disappointing. But, at the same time, we did win the game."    -- Monty Williams HOT:  It's easy to shoot well when your defense scrambles the opposition, a point the Hornets hammered home from the opening tap with eight fast-break points -- including three uncontested layups or dunks -- during a 12-4 start. ROOKIE WATCH:  Warriors big man  Ekpe Udoh  got some early run as Smart pulled a woefully ineffective  Andris Biedrins , but didn't see much time after that, finishing with four points, two rebounds, two fouls and two turnovers in 12:27. INSIDE THE ARENA:   Jean Quan , Oakland's new mayor, and movie star  Danny Glover  made a halftime appearance in support of the "Greater Than AIDS" movement. NOTABLE:  Biedrins, who came into the game shooting 27.3 percent from the line, sank a pair of free throws for only the second time all season. The first instance was on Nov. 26, when he had by far his best game of the season, a 28-point, 21-rebound performance against Memphis. . . . Hornets backup point guard  Jarrett Jack  helped keep the Warriors close by coughing up five turnovers in just 16 minutes. . . . Paul is widely expected to receive his fourth consecutive All-Star berth when the starters are named Thursday, but Williams believes West is also worthy of consideration. "He plays every night," Williams said of West, who came into Thursday averaging 19.0 points and 7.3 rebounds per game. "He hits game-winning shots. He draws a double-team every night. He's maybe the best pick-and-pop forward in the game. And because he doesn't beat his chest, pop his collar and dance after every shot, he doesn't get the acclaim that he should. It's hard to combat that in a small market." UP NEXT:  For the Hornets, Saturday at Sacramento, Sunday at Phoenix, Tuesday vs. Washington. For the Warriors, Friday vs. Charlotte, Sunday vs. Utah, Thursday vs. Milwaukee.  