Notebook: Cavaliers 92, 76ers 83 
 
 
 Brian Dulik, For NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Nov 21, 2012 11:20 PM - Updated Wed Nov 21, 2012 11:20 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:  Point guard  Jeremy Pargo  scored a career-high 28 points and center  Anderson Varejao  had 10 points and a game-best 19 rebounds, leading the Cleveland Cavaliers to a 92-83 victory over the Philadelphia 76ers Wednesday night. Rookie shooting guard  Dion Waiters  added 16 points and a season-high six assists for Cleveland, which played without injured point guard  Kyrie Irving . Philadelphia shooting guard  Jason Richardson  and point guard  Jrue Holiday  scored 16 points apiece, while small forward  Evan Turner  had 12 points, 10 rebounds and seven assists. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "Pargo played the game of his life tonight. He killed us on screens with the ball, going one-on-one, hitting 3-balls. It was like he was playing a video game -- NBA2K -- against us out there." 
 -- 76ers power forward  Thaddeus Young 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Pargo had only played in three of the Cavaliers' first 10 games -- totaling eight points in 23 minutes -- as their third-string point guard. He topped both of those figures against Philadelphia, scoring 28 in a career-high 39 minutes. The second-year pro from Gonzaga went 11-for-19, including 4-for-8 on 3-pointers, and 2-for-4 on free throws in his first start for Cleveland. "I saw it all coming," Cavaliers coach  Byron Scott  quipped. "Honestly, I don't think anyone expected J.P. to come in and play the way he did." 
 
 TURNING POINT : After the 76ers pulled within 79-77 on a Holiday jumper with 3:29 left, Cleveland answered with 13 straight points to pull away for the win. Pargo began the run with a driving layup, while Varejao followed with two free throws. Shooting guard  C.J. Miles , Pargo and Waiters then made three straight 3-pointers to give the Cavaliers a 92-77 lead with just 93 seconds remaining. "Every time we got close, they would make a few 3s and push the lead out, just like they did at the end," Young said. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "Pargo had a great night. C.J. had a great night. Dion scored when we needed to score. Everyone played well on both sides of the floor and we moved the ball well, which was key." 
 -- Cavaliers center Anderson Varejao 
 
 HOT:  Cleveland's three-man bench of Miles, small forward  Omri Casspi  and center  Tyler Zeller  combined for 20 points, 10 rebounds and a plus-13 rating in 64 minutes. ... Varejao is averaging 8.8 points and 13.5 rebounds in four games at Quicken Loans Arena this season. ... 76ers shooting guard  Nick Young  came off the bench to score 13 points in 32 minutes. ... Richardson had 11 of Philadelphia's 23 points in the third quarter. 
 
 NOT:  The 76ers trailed by 19 points in having their six-game winning streak against the Cavaliers snapped. ... Philadelphia center  Kwame Brown  air-balled his first free throw attempt. ... Cleveland power forward  Tristan Thompson  missed six of his seven shots -- all of which came in the paint -- in scoring four points in 25 minutes. ... Cavaliers post players Varejao, Thompson and Zeller shot a combined 5-for-24 from the floor. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "They hit big shots every time they needed them tonight. C.J. Miles -- I don't think he's shot the ball well all season long -- but he was 5 of 9 with three 3s tonight. My goodness." 
 -- 76ers coach  Doug Collins 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  The Cavaliers were essentially paid by the Grizzlies to take Pargo off their hands (and their salary cap) in a July 25 trade. Cleveland received Pargo, a second-round draft pick in 2014, and a reported $400,000 from Memphis in exchange for end-of-the-bench swingman  D.J. Kennedy . ... Scott opted to start Pargo over fellow second-year pro  Donald Sloan , even though Sloan had been Irving's primary backup all season. Pargo played so well, Sloan never got in the game. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Collins considered changing his starting lineup, but stuck with Holiday, Richardson, Turner,  Thaddeus Young , and Brown for a fifth straight game. The quintet again got off to a slow start, falling behind 28-15 after one quarter and 38-19 four minutes into the second. "We dug ourselves another hole, but we won every other quarter," Collins said. "When you battle uphill like that the rest of the game, it will take a lot out of you. There just isn't enough left at the end." 
 
 NOTABLE:  Miles was 1-for-15 from the floor (6.7 percent) in the Cavaliers' five previous games. ... Waiters was 9-for-45 (20.0 percent) on field goal attempts in his last three contests. ... Reigning NBA Rookie of the Year Irving (left index finger fracture) is expected to be sidelined until mid-December for Cleveland. ... Cavaliers shooting guard  Daniel Gibson  (right elbow bruise) was a last-minute scratch for the second straight game, both of which have been against the 76ers. ... Collins' son, Chris, recruited Irving to play at Duke. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the 76ers, Saturday vs. Oklahoma City, Sunday vs. Phoenix, Tuesday vs. Dallas. For the Cavaliers, Friday @ Orlando, Saturday @ Miami, Monday @ Memphis. 
