  Cavaliers-Pistons notebook   By Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com Posted Sunday December 5, 2010 11:02PM THE FACTS: Richard Hamilton  tied his season-high with 27 points as the Detroit Pistons snapped a four-game losing streak with a 102-92 win over the Cleveland Cavaliers on Sunday night.  Antawn Jamison 's 22 points led the Cavs, who lost their fourth straight. QUOTABLE:  "Fantasy football day gets me excited."    -- Hamilton on why he plays so well on Sunday. Hamilton is averaging 24.5 points in four Sunday games and 10.5 points on all other days this season. THE STAT:  18. Cleveland got off to a respectable start in the post- LeBron James  era, going .500 through its first 10 games. The Cavs have dropped eight of their last nine by an average of 18 points, including seven double-digit defeats. TURNING POINT:  The Pistons scored 11 unanswered points during the third quarter to break a 55-55 tie and never looked back. They turned defense into offense during that stretch, scoring six fast-break points to take advantage of four Cleveland turnovers. Guards Hamilton,  Rodney Stuckey  and  Ben Gordon  scored all of those points. HOT:  Pistons small forward  Tayshaun Prince  continued his hot shooting while scoring 20 points. Prince, who is shooting 50 percent from the field this season, has reached double digits in all but three games. NOT:  Cleveland backup point guard  Ramon Sessions  was held to two points and three assists after scoring double digits in four of the previous five games. Sessions was bothered by the Pistons' backcourt size and strength. GOOD MOVE:  Pistons head coach  John Kuester  replaced power forward  Jason Maxiell  with shooting guard Gordon to start the third quarter. The smaller lineup worked, as the Pistons outscored the Cavs 27-21 in the quarter while holding Cleveland to 39 percent shooting. That was just the sixth time this season Detroit has outscored the opposition in the third quarter. BAD MOVE:  Cleveland coach  Byron Scott  started forwards  J.J. Hickson  and  Joey Graham  after both sat out the Cavs' 129-95 loss to Minnesota on Saturday with stomach viruses. They were clearly not 100 percent, playing less than 20 minutes apiece while combining for 15 points and seven fouls. Hickson also committed five of the Cavs' 15 turnovers. ROOKIE WATCH:  Pistons backup center  Greg Monroe  got off to a slow start but was effective once he got into the flow of the game. He had eight points, seven rebounds and a block in 24 minutes. NOTABLE:  Stuckey equaled a career high with 11 assists. His 24-point, 11-assist game was just the team's third double-double this season.  Charlie Villanueva  has the other two. ... The Pistons have reached 100 points in six of their seven wins. ...  Ben Wallace  only scored two points for Detroit but contributed a season-high five assists, nine rebounds and three blocks. ... Cavs guard  Mo Williams  had his second double-double this season (14 points, 10 assists) while center  Anderson Varejao  posted his fourth (11 points, 14 rebounds). UP NEXT:  For the Cavaliers, Tuesday @ Philadelphia, Wednesday vs. Chicago, Saturday @ Houston. For the Pistons, Tuesday @ Houston, Wednesday @ New Orleans, Friday @ Minnesota.  