  Grizzlies-Thunder Notebook   By Randy Renner, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday February 8, 2011 11:45PM THE FACTS:   Zach Randolph  and  Tony Allen  combined for 58 points to lead the Memphis Grizzlies to a come-from-behind 105-101 overtime win over the Oklahoma City Thunder. Randolph had 31 points and pulled down 14 rebounds. Allen, starting in place of an injured  Rudy Gay , scored a season-high 27.  Kevin Durant  led the Thunder with 31 points while grabbing 10 rebounds.  Russell Westbrook  added 21 points, dished 11 assists but also turned the ball over eight times and missed two critical free throws late in overtime. QUOTABLE:  "We were just being aggressive. Tony (Allen) attacked the basket all night and gave Durant problems when he was guarding him."  -  Grizzlies coach  Lionel Hollins THE STAT:  Memphis scored a whopping 31 points off 23 Oklahoma City turnovers. TURNING POINT:  Memphis held the Thunder to just 17 points in the third quarter, all of them coming on shots from the field. OKC did not attempt a free throw in the third quarter. Memphis meanwhile was 13-for-14 at the line in the third. QUOTABLE II:  "It was a tough night with our turnovers and they were tough to overcome. We can't always try to make the homerun play. They're a good team. I knoew we were gonna be in for a tough game."  -  Thunder coach  Scott Brooks HOT:  In the first half the Grizzlies Zach Randolph and Tony Allen were a combined 10-for-15 and scored 22 points. NOT:  In those same 24 minutes the rest of the Grizzlies, eight players, were a combined 8-for-24 and also scored 22 points. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Another major winter storm raged outside Oklahoma City Arena but a crowd of more than 15-thousand managed to get to the game. The fans were greeted by several inches of snow as they left the game. NOTABLE:  Oklahoma City lost for the first time this season in overtime and for the first time in February. UP NEXT:  For the Grizzlies, Friday vs Bucks, Sunday vs Nuggets, Tuesday vs 76ers. For the Thunder, Saturday @ Sacramento, Sunday @ Golden State, Tuesday vs Kings.  