  Lakers-Warriors notebook   By Bryan Chu, for NBA.com Posted Monday November 22, 2010 1:25AM THE FACTS:  A game after  Matt Barnes  had a perfect outing against Minnesota, teammate  Pau Gasol  may have topped him with an eye-popping line of his own. Gasol didn't miss a shot or a free throw en route to a game-high 28 points as he led the Lakers to their largest margin of victory this season, walking all over the Warriors 117-89 Sunday at Staples Center. The Lakers' center went 10-for-10 from the field and 8-for-8 from the charity stripe to go along with nine rebounds and five assists. Two nights ago, Barnes had 24 points on 7-for-7 shooting (5-for-5 from deep) and 5-for-5 free throws. Gasol, Barnes and  Charles Barkley  are now the only players to have tallied 20 points, five rebounds and five assists without missing a single field goal or free throw (a minimum of five field-goal attempts and five free throws) in NBA history. Even with  Stephen Curry , who missed the last game between these two squads with an ankle sprain, the Warriors still struggled against the Lakers (12-2). Los Angeles led by as many as 35 points. The Lakers, who have now won eight contests by double digits, have recorded 11 straight victories over the Warriors. Along with Gasol's virtuoso performance,  Kobe Bryant  added 20 points and  Lamar Odom  tallied 15 points and 10 rebounds. For the Warriors (7-6),  Dorrell Wright  had a team-high 16 points but it took him 17 shots. Curry chipped in with 13 points. QUOTABLE:  "Coincidence has something to do with it. It's kind of weird that it happened that way. I think it only happened once before in the history of the league and then back-to-back games and it happens for two of our players. It's weird, but obviously, it's a good sign."   -- Gasol on joining Barnes and Barkley in elite company THE STAT:  18: The number of combined shots (field goals and free throws) Gasol made against the Warriors. TURNING POINT:  One Laker possession in the first quarter was a prime example of just how rough a night it was going to be for the Warriors. The Lakers seemingly played volleyball under the rim as they had four straight offensive rebounds. Eventually, Gasol knocked down a 12-foot fallaway, which started a 15-4 run for L.A.. QUOTABLE II:  "It's very important. It really gives them a chance to get iced and out of here early."   -- Lakers coach  Phil Jackson  joking about how important it is for the starters to play limited minutes down the stretch in a blowout HOT:  Gasol's perfect night also put him in elite company in Laker history as it was just the sixth time a Laker finished perfect from the field (10-shot minimum). The last Laker to accomplish that feat was  Byron Scott  (1986). Gasol did it even after tweaking his ankle in Friday's game against Minnesota. NOT:  Warriors guard  Monta Ellis , who came into the game second in the league in scoring (27.7 points), failed to get his game going against the Lakers. He also gave the Warriors a scare momentarily in the third quarter when he fell on his left hip after a shot attempt at the 9:35 mark. Ellis was on the floor in pain for a few minutes before walking off the court with the help of a trainer. He did not return to the game. "I'm good," said Ellis, who said he would play Monday against Denver. "It's just a little bruise. I fell on my hip. It has nothing to do with my back." Ellis finished with five points on 2-for-10 shooting in 23 minutes. This was Ellis' lowest scoring output since Feb. 4, 2009 when he scored two points against the Suns. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Lakers guard  Shannon Brown  continues to impress in his third season with the Lakers. Brown finished with 17 points on 7-for-10 shooting (3-for-3 from deep) in 19 minutes of play. He has now scored in double-figures in nine of his first 14 games this season. "I think I'm taking advantage of what's going on, being more patient and reading what's going on," he told NBA.com. ROOKIE WATCH:  In a blowout, Golden State's  Jeremy Lin  scored a season-high 13 points in 17 minutes. Lin sank his first basket, an 18-footer from the left baseline, and finished 4-for-9 from the field and had two steals. NOTABLE:  The Lakers finished the game shooting 55.7 percent and held the Warriors to 35.2 percent. ... With Lakers center  Theo Ratliff  out (left knee surgery) and  Andrew Bynum  (right knee surgery) still a few games from returning, the Lakers might be shopping for a temporary big to give Gasol some rest. "We're looking into that, we're hoping to get something settled this week," Jackson said. ... Just how much did the Warriors miss rebounding machine  David Lee ? They were outrebounded 14-6 in the first quarter. The game was all but over after the first quarter. ... Warriors center  Andris Biedrins  continues to round into form. Biedrins finished with a near double-double (nine points and nine rebounds). "I feel pretty good. I'm still getting my rhythm back," he told NBA.com. "Hopefully this can be one of my best seasons in the NBA. I had a great summer. I was working to get my health back and making sure those (injuries) don't come back. (I need to work) maybe a little on my confidence. Basically I didn't play all last year. So I think that (confidence) is what's missing." UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Tuesday vs. Chicago, Friday @ Utah, Sunday vs. Indiana. For the Warriors, Monday vs. Denver, Wednesday @ Houston, Friday @ Memphis.  