  Clippers-Grizzlies notebook   By Marlon W. Morgan, for NBA.com Posted Monday March 14, 2011 11:34PM THE FACTS:  Looking to end their two-game slide, the Memphis Grizzlies didn't want to give the Los Angeles Clippers any hope of ending their five-game road trip with a fourth victory. In addition to coming out with great energy, the Grizzlies returned to their stingy defensive ways by holding the Clippers to 40 percent shooting in their 105-82 win at FedExForum. Forward  Zach Randolph  had a game-high 30 points with 12 rebounds, while playing a role in holding rookie All-Star  Blake Griffin  to single digits for the first time in his career with eight points. QUOTABLE:  " tried to keep my body on him and not let him get too many dunks and have a breakout game. I tried to contain him. I felt like I did a good job tonight. I've been taking pride in my defense this year and it's been working. I was on Griffin tonight. Even though he had a rough night, he's a great young player, a tremendous talent.''   --  Grizzlies' forward Zach Randolph. THE STAT:  One way to keep Griffin off of the highlight reel is to limit the Clippers fast break opportunities where Griffin is a superb finisher. The Grizzlies did that to near perfection by beating the Clippers at their own game. Memphis outscored the Clippers, 30-2, on fast break points, with those two points coming late in the game. The margin ties for the largest in the NBA this season, equaling Orlando's 30-2 advantage over San Antonio on Dec. 23. TURNING POINT:  The Grizzlies led 25-24 with 9:48 left in the first half before going on a 25-9 run to close out the half with a 50-33 lead that ended all hope of a Clippers' comeback. In the second quarter, the Clippers shot just 26 percent (6 of 23). ROOKIE SPOTLIGHT:  While many expected it to be another Blake Griffin Show, it was Grizzlies rookie point guard  Greivis Vasquez  who had the big night. After becoming the forgotten point guard since the Grizzlies signed veteran  Jason Williams  and acquired  Ishmael Smith  in a trade with Houston, Vasquez has been either inactive, or simply didn't play. Taking advantage of Williams being out with a back injury, Vasquez scored a career-high 12 points on 5 of 8 shooting. HOT:  Randolph admitted he has taken matchups against  Kevin Love  and Griffin personally since he was snubbed for the All-Star Game. In his first matchup against Griffin since the All-Star game, Randolph made 12 of is 18 shot attempts, scoring 30 points, 21 in the first half, and hauling in 12 rebounds. NOT:  Griffin, on the other hand, was 4 of 10 from the floor for a season-low eight points to go with his nine rebounds. Griffin got free for just one dunk, while missing badly on most of his other shots which were primarily jumpers. Griffin had scored in double figures in his first 67 career games. QUOTABLE II:  "Every loss is disappointing, but to lose the way we did is very disappointing. I just never got into a rhythm, personally. I missed some easy ones. We were just kind out there.''   --  Clippers rookie Griffin. NOTABLE:  Grizzlies forward  Rudy Gay  had a follow-up MRI on his left shoulder prior to tonight's game. It revealed that this separated shoulder is healing, but will need more time. The Grizzlies said there is no timetable on his return...Grizzlies center  Marc Gasol  injured his right ankle in the second quarter, although he did return in the second half. Afterwards, X-rays were taken and came back negative. He is listed as day-to-day...Coming off their worst loss of the season at Miami Saturday, the Grizzlies responded with a wire-to-wire victory. They led the Clippers by as many as 31 points in ending their two-game slide. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Wednesday vs. Philadelphia, Saturday vs. Cleveland, Sunday vs. Phoenix. For the Grizzlies, Thursday at New York, Saturday vs. Indiana, Monday vs. Utah.  