  Notebook: Celtics 100, Wizards 92   By Brian Robb, for NBA.com Posted Monday January 2, 2012 11:17PM THE FACTS: Ray Allen  scored 11 of his 28 points in the fourth quarter, helping the Boston Celtics pull away to a 100-92 win over the Washington Wizards at TD Garden. The Celtics are now on a three-game winning streak and back at the .500 mark after sweeping the home-and-home set with Washington. The Wizards dropped to 0-5 and remain the only winless team in the NBA.  Paul Pierce  added 21 points in a balanced scoring attack for Boston.  Andray Blatche  scored 14 of his 28 points in the final frame for Washington in the setback. The Wizards also played the majority of the contest without their head coach on the bench, as  Flip Saunders  was ejected just 1:26 into the first quarter, after being whistled for two technical fouls upon arguing a non-call. QUOTABLE:  "Marathon man. He was great. He just kept going. I would never want to guard that guy. He just never stops moving."  --  Head coach  Doc Rivers  on Allen. THE STAT:  Allen sank six-of-seven three pointers from three-point range. Through six games this season, he is shooting a scorching 61.1 percent from downtown (22-of-38). TURNING POINT:  The Wizards made a late push towards the end of the fourth quarter after closing Boston's nine-point lead down to five with just over two minutes remaining. However, on the ensuing possession  John Wall  had his pass intercepted by Pierce. The C's captain then found Allen in transition for his sixth and final three-pointer of the evening. The shot pushed Boston's lead back up to eight, and put the game out of reach for Washington. HOT: JaVale McGee  -- The third year center had an outstanding evening on the interior, hitting an array of hook shots on his way to hitting eight of his nine attempts from the field. McGee finished with a double-double of 17 points and 14 rebounds in the losing effort. NOT: Nick Young  -- Washington's starting shooting guard had his work cut out for him on the defensive end all night in trying to contain Allen, and it showed in his offensive game. Young missed three of his 14 attempts from the field, and he has hit just 28.2 percent of his shots (11-of-39) over his past three games. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT: Rajon Rondo  continues to fill up the box score in a host of categories for the C's. Coming off a triple-double in Washington Sunday night, Rondo posted another impressive line tonight with six points, seven rebounds and 13 assists. ROOKIE WATCH: Greg Steimsma  earned his first career start in place of an injured  Jermaine O'Neal . The 26-year-old rookie was extremely active on both ends of the floor and posted career bests of 13 points and seven rebounds in 21 minutes of action. QUOTABLE II:  "With every opportunity I've had I feel like I've tried to step up to the plate and perform well. I was happy to get the opportunity tonight and play well on top of that."  -  Center Greg Steimsma on his first career start NOTABLE:  O'Neal did not suit up for Boston due a sore hamstring he suffered Sunday night against the Wizards. He remains day-to-day.  Chris Wilcox  returned to action after missing the past three games with a bruised left shoulder. He grabbed four rebounds in 10 minutes of action. New Celtics free agent signee  Mickael Pietrus  will practice with his teammates for the first time on Thursday this week, according to Rivers. No word yet on when he will make his game debut.  Ronny Turiaf  will see a hand specialist and miss the next 5-6 weeks with a broken hand. Saunders told reporters Turiaf tried to play through the injury he suffered over the summer during the team's first for games. Boston tied a season-high with 28 assists as a team. Washington outscored Boston in the paint 50-42, as well as on second chance points 18-9.  Randy Wittman  took over head coaching duties for Washington after Saunders was ejected. Rondo and Wall both had seven turnovers. Five Boston players scored in double figures. UP NEXT:  For the Wizards, Wednesday @ Orlando, Friday vs. New York, Sunday vs. Minnesota. For the Celtics, Wednesday vs. New Jersey, Friday vs. Indiana, January 11th vs. Dallas.  