  Heat-Cavs notebook   By Sam Amico, for NBA.com Posted Friday December 3, 2010 12:39AM THE FACTS:  For one night, Miami's  LeBron James  proved he can still be the king of Cleveland basketball. James scored a game-high 38 points, passed for eight assists and almost single-handedly turned the much-hyped game against his former team into 48 minutes of garbage time. In the end, James and the Heat emerged with a 118-90 victory and the feeling that maybe this was the night they became the team everyone said they could be.  Dwyane Wade  added 22 points, nine rebounds and nine assists for the Heat (12-8). The Cavs (7-11) were led by  Daniel Gibson 's 21 points, including going 4-for-6 on 3-pointers. QUOTABLE:  "We came in here with one goal and that was to win a basketball game, and we did that. This was our most complete game of the season from start to finish."    -- LeBron James THE STAT:  Nine. That's how many turnovers the Heat committed for the entire game, including zero from James in 30 minutes. "It resulted in us getting easy baskets and being efficient," James said. TURNING POINT:  The Heat led 59-40 at halftime, but James truly put the game away when he scored 24 points in the third quarter (or one less than the Cavs) on a sizzling 10-for-12 shooting. It was among the finest quarters James ever played in Quicken Loans Arena. QUOTABLE II:  "I know we can play a lot better than we did tonight. Like I told the guys in there, I haven't lost any faith in them."    -- Cavs coach  Byron Scott HOT:  James, Wade and  Chris Bosh  (15 points) shot a combined 31-for-52 from the field. NOT:  The Cavs' starting backcourt of  Mo Williams  (eight points) and  Anthony Parker  (three) combined to shoot just 3-for-12. GOOD MOVE:  As always, Heat coach  Erik Spoelstra  put forward  James Jones  into the game when the Heat began to struggle from the perimeter. It didn't take long for the sharpshooting Jones to change all that as he finished 5-for-7 on 3-pointers (and 6-for-8 overall) to score 18 points and give the game's most underrated performance. BAD MOVE:  With the Heat up by 33 points late in the third quarter, a fan stood on the edge of an in-arena balcony and waved a Miami jersey with James' name on the back. After getting doused with beer, he was forcefully removed by security. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Heat reserve guard  Mario Chalmers  likely isn't on a lot of fantasy rosters, but he may be starting to earn more minutes. Chalmers finished with nine points, connecting on 3 of 4 3-pointers. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Former Cleveland Browns quarterback  Bernie Kosar  as well as current Browns  Josh Cribbs  and  Shaun Rogers  all sat in the stands sporting Cavs jerseys. The same was true of Cleveland native and comedian  Drew Carey . NOTABLE:  The Heat's bench outscored the Cavs' bench by a 63-27 margin. ... The Cavs play seven of their next eight on the road. ... The Cavs and Heat are each 1-7 against teams with winning records. ... After the game, James said, "I'm tired now. I'm very, very exhausted. I didn't get much sleep last night and I didn't get much sleep today in my usual routine. But I'm glad we played well as a team." UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Saturday vs. Atlanta, Monday @ Milwaukee, Wednesday @ Utah. For the Cavaliers, Saturday @ Minnesota, Sunday @ Detroit, Tuesday @ Philadelphia.  