
 Bobcats-Pistons notebook   By Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com Posted Friday November 5, 2010 11:26PM THE FACTS:  The Pistons built a 22-point lead in the first half, nearly gave it away in the third quarter, then hung on for a 97-90 win, their first victory this season. Pistons point guard  Rodney Stuckey  was benched for disciplinary reasons but  Tracy McGrady  (10 points) filled in and didn't commit a turnover. QUOTABLE:  "I'm a playmaker. It comes natural. Just get the guys in sets and make plays. That's my game, that's my strength."  -- Tracy McGrady on playing point guard THE STAT:  23 Turnovers. The Bobcats entered the game averaging the second-most turnovers in the league and that problem surfaced once again. They had eight in the first quarter as the Pistons grabbed a 17-point lead. TURNING POINT:  Injuries plagued the Pistons throughout last season and have cropped up again in the early going, but they got two key performers back on Friday.  Richard Hamilton , who had missed two straight games with a sore right foot, had 16 points in 27 minutes off the bench. Backup point guard  Will Bynum , who sat out the last four games with a hamstring injury, had modest stats (2-for-9 shooting, six points, two assists in 23 minutes) but ran the Pistons' offense efficiently in the fourth quarter to prevent the Bobcats from catching up. QUOTABLE II:  "I couldn't tell that was an 0-5 team. You knew that they wanted to win because of how they started that game off."  -- Charlotte forward  Stephen Jackson  on the Pistons' big first half HOT:  Jackson put the Bobcats on his back after a slow start and poured in a season-high 28 points. He scored all of his points from the field and didn't attempt a free throw. NOT:  Charlotte forward  Boris Diaw  followed up his 24-point outing in a win over New Jersey Wednesday by scoring just seven points on 3-for-11 shooting. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:   Ben Gordon  led the Pistons in scoring for the fourth time this season with 20 points. He's averaging a team-best 20.2 points on 55.8 percent shooting from the field. ROOKIE WATCH:  Pistons coach  John Kuester  rode first-round pick  Greg Monroe  during the fourth quarter and Monroe responded with a crucial jump hook out of a timeout with 4:24 remaining. That gave the Pistons a seven-point lead. Monroe finished with nine points and six rebounds and has replaced  Jason Maxiell  in the rotation. NOTABLE:  The Pistons, 27th in free throw percentage entering the game, went 26-for-27 from the line. Charlotte attempted just 11 and made 7 ... Detroit averted its worst start in franchise history. Its longest losing streak to begin a season is seven, which it has done twice (1962-63, 1980-81) ... Kuester, an assistant on  Larry Brown's  staff when the Pistons won the NBA championship in 2004, is 2-2 against his mentor. ... Bobcats forward  Gerald Wallace  did not play the first 3:59 of the second half after a poor first-half performance. He finished with 13 points and five rebounds. UP NEXT:  For the Bobcats, Saturday vs. Magic, Monday vs. Spurs, Wednesday @ Raptors. For the Pistons, Sunday vs. Warriors, Tuesday @ Trail Blazers, Friday @ Clippers. 
