  Notebook: Lakers 114, Thunder 106 Posted Sunday April 22, 2012 8:16PM By Dan Arritt, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Down by 17 points with 10 1/2 minutes remaining in an emotionally charged game Sunday afternoon against the visiting Thunder, it appeared the Lakers' hold on the Pacific Division lead was about to slip away. But behind a burst from  Kobe Bryant, Pau Gasol  and a supporting cast of unlikely reserves, the Lakers stormed back to win in double overtime, 114-106, at Staples Center. QUOTABLE:  "Kobe's mental toughness fed off into the rest of the group,"  --  Lakers head coach  Mike Brown. THE STAT:  Bryant, in just his second game back after missing seven games with a bruised left shin, was 3-for-14 from the field after three quarters and had relinquished his NBA scoring lead to Oklahoma City forward Kevin Durant. But Bryant shot 6-for-12 the rest of the way to finish with 26 points. Durant scored 35 points, but shot just 5-for-19 after the third quarter. Durant did bump his scoring average up to 27.90 points, slightly ahead of Bryant's 27.86 TURNING POINT:  Following the monumental comeback and then blowing a four-point lead midway through the first overtime, the Lakers took the lead for good on a pull-up 16-footer by Bryant with 52 seconds remaining.  Devin Ebanks  then came up with the first of two steals in the final minute, leading to two free throws on the other end for Bryant. That pushed the lead to four and the Thunder never got it back to a one-possession game. HOT: Jordan Hill  came to the L.A. in the trade that sent popular point guard Derek  Fisher  to Houston, and then to Oklahoma City. Hill played just 18 minutes in the previous 21 games with the Lakers, but was surprisingly sent out to start the second quarter. He was solid in his first run, producing six points and four rebounds in a little under nine minutes, and even better down the stretch, playing all of the fourth quarter and the overtimes in place of  Andrew Bynum . Hill finished with 14 points, a career-high 15 rebounds and three blocked shots, all while matching his career-high of 35 minutes. NOT:  Oklahoma City point guard  Russell Westbrook  probably wouldn't mind avoiding either the Lakers or Clippers in the playoffs, mostly because of his recent struggles inside Staples Center. Westbrook shot 3-for-22 from the field -- the most field goals he has missed in his four-year NBA career -- and scored 14 points. Six days earlier, he shot 4-for-16 and scored nine points in a 92-77 loss to the Clippers at Staples Center. The Thunder shot a season-low 37.5 percent from the floor in that game, but bettered that by shooting 36.6 against the Lakers. GOOD MOVE:  Brown stuck with the players who led the fourth-quarter comeback, playing Bryant and Gasol with Hill, Ebanks and  Steve Blake  during the entire overtime periods. That left Bynum and starting point guard  Ramon Sessions  watching all the excitement from the bench. Hill contributed with his rebounding and inside presence, Ebanks with his defense on Durant and Blake hit three big 3-pointers down the stretch to key the comeback. BAD MOVE:  Lakers small forward  Metta World Peace  didn't live up to his new name and could be missing some time after elbowing  James Harden  in the head late in the second quarter while celebrating a fast-break dunk. World Peace claimed the elbow was inadvertent, but replays indicated otherwise. World Peace received a flagrant-2 foul and was ejected. Harden, who leads NBA reserves in scoring at 16.9 points, went to the locker room and didn't return. QUOTABLE II:  "I hope that he's OK and I apologize to the Thunder and to James Harden. You know, it was such a great game and it was unfortunate so much emotion was going on at that time."  --  World Peace. NOTABLE:  Gasol came up one assist short of his sixth career triple-double, finishing with 20 points, 14 rebounds and nine assists. The Lakers improved to 3-0 this season when six players score in double figures ... Thunder forward  Serge Ibaka  matched his career high with nine field goals. He finished with 18 points, 14 rebounds and seven blocked shots. The Thunder dropped to 44-16 when holding their opponent to under 50 percent from the floor. UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Thursday @ Sacramento. For the Thunder, Tuesday vs. Sacramento, Thursday vs. Denver. 
 
 
  