  Notebook: Sixers 120, Wizards 89   By Andy Jasner, for NBA.com Posted Friday January 13, 2012 10:12PM THE FACTS:  The 76ers cruised to a 5-0 mark at the Wells Fargo Center with an easy 120-89 victory over the struggling Washington Wizards on Friday. There were seven Sixers in double figures anchored by  Jodie Meeks  with a career-high tying 26 points.  Lou Williams  scored 19 points for the Sixers, who improved to 8-3. It was the most points the Sixers have scored in a game this season.  Andre Iguodala  and  Elton Brand  scored 13 points apiece for the Sixers, who shot a sizzling 55.3 percent from the field. Rashard Lewis  led the Wizards with 16 points while  Kevin Seraphin  and  Jordan Crawford  added 12 points each. The Wizards fell to 1-10 overall and 0-6 on the road. QUOTABLE:  "The third quarter was brilliant. We couldn't have been better."  --  Sixers coach Doug Collins. THE STAT: Nick Young  made his only free throw for Washington. Now, that's hardly breaking news, but Young is 30-for-30 this season. That is news. And a stat worth watching. TURNING POINT:  If the third quarter seems like a recurring theme, well it is. The Sixers led 54-40 at halftime and quickly extended their lead to 25 -- 71-46 -- six-and-a-half minutes into the third. It was 92-58 at the end of the third. The Sixers seized the momentum and never let the Wizards back into the game. HOT:  Meeks knocked down 10 of his 11 shots and 6-for-7 from 3-point territory. NOT:  Wizards point guard  John Wall  was 3-for-8 from the field. He's just 13-for-43 over the past four games. Wall never got into the flow of this game. QUOTABLE II:  "Every shot I took, I felt like it was going in. I know it's not going to be like that every night, but it sure felt great."  --  Meeks. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:   Spencer Hawes  had 10 points, 10 rebounds, three assists, one steal and one blocked shot for the Sixers. It was a stellar all-around performance for the ever-improving Sixers center. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Boxer  Bernard Hopkins  took in the action from a front-row seat. Hopkins was born in Philadelphia and remains a huge 76ers fan. Other than that, it was fairly quiet inside the Wells Fargo Center on Friday night. QUOTABLE III:  "We have a good mix here. Guys are playing for each other."  --  Brand. GOOD MOVE:  Collins didn't like the way point guard  Jrue Holiday  started so he called on Williams more than a minute into the game. Williams had a huge first half with 11 points and provided a major spark. BAD MOVE:  The Wizards settled for way too many jump shots instead of attacking the basket. They were shooting just 39.7 percent from the field entering the game. ROOKIE WATCH:  Washington forward  Jan Vesely  was largely ineffective and scoreless in his 12 minutes. Forward  Chris Singleton  started and had four points and three rebounds while guard  Shelvin Mack  added seven points, five rebounds and three assists off the bench. Sixers forward  Nikola Vucevic  had two points and one rebound in 16 minutes. NOTABLE:  The Sixers made eight straight field goals during one stretch of the first quarter. ... The Sixers also converted their final seven field goals of the third. ... Despite missing Wednesday's game at New York because of a strained lower back, Hawes got the start against the Wizards. He had treatment off and on throughout the day in preparation for the game. ... The Sixers led 32-13 in fast-break points. ... The Wizards struggled from beyond the arc, going 4-for-17. ... The Sixers committed 12 turnovers and improved to 7-0 this season when having 12 or few turnovers. NEXT:  For the Wizards, Saturday vs. Philadelphia, Monday vs. Houston, Wednesday vs. Oklahoma City. For the Sixers, Saturday @ Washington, Monday vs. Milwaukee, Wednesday vs. Denver.  