  Bulls-Grizzlies notebook   By Marlon W. Morgan, for NBA.com Posted Monday January 17, 2011 4:50PM THE FACTS:  Playing without forward  Carlos Boozer  and center  Joakim Noah  for the first time this season, the Chicago Bulls had three players top the 20-point mark, led by  Luol Deng's  28, as they rolled to a 96-84 victory over the Memphis Grizzlies in front of a sellout crowd of 18,119 at FedExForum. QUOTABLE:  "We came out with an edge. We lost two great players, Joakim and Booz. We just came out and wanted to let them know it was going to be a tough game. We just played together and played defense.''    -- Chicago Bulls guard  Derrick Rose THE STAT:  The Bulls displayed a superb defensive effort against the Grizzlies, contesting every shot and making it tough for anyone to get penetration to the basket. The Grizzlies were held to 37.7 percent shooting from the floor and 14.3 percent (1 of 7) from 3-point range. TURNING POINT:  As bad at the Grizzlies were in the first half, shooting 35 percent from the floor, they trailed just 53-42 at the break. But instead of regrouping at halftime, the Grizzlies remained in their funk, making just 4 of 17 shots (23.5 percent) in the third quarter at the Bulls' lead swelled to 79-60 heading into the final quarter. Falling behind by as many as 22 points in the third quarter proved to be insurmountable as the Grizzlies could get no closer than nine in their fourth quarter rally. QUOTABLE II:  I think we let ourselves get into too big of a hole, and we weren't able to come back from that. They have great players on their side of the court. You can't get down on a team like Chicago. You have to be able to play with them from the tip. We weren't playing together. We weren't making the extra passes. We were settling for too many jump shots. It affects the rest of the team when we're not making the right plays and hitting the right guy."    -- Grizzlies guard  Mike Conley INSIDE THE ARENA:  Among the Grizzlies third sellout crowd of the season were former NBA Hall of Famers  Willis Reed  and  Lenny Wilkens , and former Major League Baseball legend  Willie Mays . The three were recipients of the sixth annual National Civil Rights Sports Legacy Award, presented by FedEx. They were also honored for their contributions to civil and human rights as part of the Grizzlies ninth annual Martin Luther King, Jr. Day Celebration. HOT:  Bulls forward  Kyle Korver  finally came out of a miserable and prolonged shooting slump to score 22 points off the bench, using a season-high six 3-pointers for most of the damage. Korver connected on 6 of 10 from long range, while also scoring on a pair of drives to the hoop. NOT:  Because of Luol Deng's defense, it was a frustrating afternoon for Grizzlies forward  Rudy Gay . After making his first jumper of the game, Gay misfired on his final nine shot attempts to finish with a season-low tying nine points. All but two of his points came from the free throw line. He also failed to record any assists. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Although he has been close several times in his brief three-year career, Rose finally picked up his first triple-double. Rose had 22 points, 12 assists, and collected his 10th rebound on the Bulls' final shot attempt of the game. NOTABLE:  Chicago forward Luol Deng was exceptional on both ends of the floor. In addition to canning 11 of his 17 shots for a game-high 28 points, Deng played suffocating defense against Grizzlies' forward Rudy Gay ,  holding him 12 points below his season average. ... The Bulls outscored the Grizzlies, 33-3 from 3-point range, making 11 of 23 3-pointers while the Grizzlies were just 1 of 7. ... The Grizzlies are not 4-5 all-time in their annual MLK Day game, including 1-1 against Chicago. ... UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Tuesday vs. Charlotte, Thursday vs. Dallas, Saturday vs. Cleveland. For the Grizzlies, Wednesday at New Orleans, Friday vs. Houston, Saturday at Milwaukee.  