  Notebook: Clippers 107, Wizards 81   By Rich Dubroff, for NBA.com Posted Saturday February 4, 2012 11:36PM THE FACTS:   Blake Griffin  had 21 points, 11 rebounds and eight assists,  DeAndre Jordan  had 18 points and 11 rebounds and  Mo Williams  had 17 points to lead the Los Angeles Clippers over the Washington Wizards 107-81 on Saturday night. The Clippers never trailed, led by 24 at halftime, and stretched their lead to 36 in the third quarter as they won their fifth in six games. It was their sixth win against the Wizards. Washington is now 4-20, and was led by  Nick Young  and  John Wall , who both had 14. Young had 10 of his 14 in the first quarter. QUOTABLE:  "When we came out in the third quarter, and were kind of put it on them there pretty quickly, guys were hitting shots and we were getting stops and getting out in the open court, I think that's when you feel like we can keep it going."   -- Griffin on the third quarter when Los Angeles stretched its lead to 36. THE STAT:  The Clippers outrebounded the Wizards 53-32, and nearly doubled Washington's assist total-32-17. "We got dominated again in every category," Washington coach Randy Wittman said. TURNING POINT:  With the score tied at 10, Los Angeles scored the next nine points, and the game was never close. QUOTABLE II:  "It was pitiful. They could do whatever they wanted-whenever they wanted-all night."   -- Wall on the Wizards' performance. HOT:  Jordan, who was shooting 66.3 percent from the field entering the game, made nine of 11 from inside. NOT:  The Clippers dominated even though  Chris Paul  had his lowest scoring game of the season. Paul missed eight of his nine shots and had just two points. "I couldn't throw a rock in the ocean tonight, but it's crazy. I feel like it was one of my best games so far," Paul said. GOOD MOVE:  Jordan kept going inside against the woeful Wizards' defenders, and he made them pay. "We embarrassed ourselves. We didn't do nothing as a unit," Wizards F  Rashard Lewis  said. BAD MOVE:  Young likes to brag how well he does against Los Angeles teams. After he scored 10 points in the first quarter, he missed 7-of-8 from the field. NOTABLE:  Griffin's eight assists tied his season high, and he narrowly missed his third triple-double. His first came in a double-overtime win against Washington last March IN THE ARENA:  The game drew 19,419-the largest of the year to the Verizon Center. Most were attracted by Griffin. NEXT:  Clippers: Monday at Magic, Wednesday at Cavaliers, Friday at Sixers. Wizards: Monday vs. Raptors, Wednesday vs. Knicks, Friday vs. Heat  