Notebook: Thunder 95, Jazz 73 
 
 
 Randy Renner for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Nov 24, 2013 11:24 PM - Updated Sun Nov 24, 2013 11:24 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Oklahoma City Thunder are now 6-0 at home this season, the team's best start since moving from Seattle.  
 
 THE LEAD:  Thunder point guard  Russell Westbrook  didn't play (rest) and neither  Kevin Durant  nor  Serge Ibaka  played in the fourth quarter (resting on a huge lead) as OKC led by as many as 37 and then coasted past the Utah Jazz 95-73. 
 The Thunder (9-3) had four players score more points than anyone on the Jazz (1-14) roster. Durant led all scorers with 19 points. He was just 3-for-9 shooting, but took 13 foul shots and hit 12. He also grabbed nine rebounds. Ibaka added a double-double with 17 points and 11 boards in three quarters of work.  Jeremy Lamb  came off the Thunder bench to score 15 points, one shy of his career high, and  Perry Jones  had 13 points, one off his career high. 
 Utah had just two players in double figures,  Enes Kanter  and rookie  Rudy Gobert  came off the bench for 10 points.  Gordon Hayward , who came in averaging almost 18 points a game to lead Utah managed only five tonight on 2-for-9 shooting. He was constantly bothered by the defensive effort of OKC's  Thabo Sefolosha . 
 
 QUOTABLE : "Thabo was outstanding guarding Hayward, his minutes were played really hard. We want to make teams take tough shots, and I thought we did that tonight." 
 --Thunder coach  Scott Brooks 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Utah shot less than 40 percent overall (39.4), less than 25 percent from beyond the arc (22.2) and less than 45 percent from the free-throw line (44.8). 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Without Westbrook, the Thunder got off to a bit of a slow start on offense and looked a bit out of sync. But the defense held Utah to just 25-percent shooting and 13 points in the first 12 minutes, showing the Jazz what kind of night this was going to be...and it was. 
 
 QUOTABLE II : "Very frustrating. I thought we would have more energy at the start of the game. I thought they were very aggressive. [Tthe Thunder are] a good ball club, but we're trying to build who we are in this league and we've got to have more of a sense of urgency." 
 --Jazz coach  Ty Corbin 
 
 
 HOT:  The Thunder had outscored the Jazz 24-6 in the paint by halftime and finished with a 46-28 advantage down low. Jones was 5-for-7. Utah shot 64.7 percent (11-for-17) in the fourth quarter. 
 
 NOT: The  Jazz and Thunder started a combined 2-for-17. Utah finished the first quarter at 25 percent (5-for-20.  Trey Burke,  in his first start, was 0-for-4 in the opening 12 minutes. Utah went to the free-throw line just three times in the first half and made just one of those. Utah managed just 30 points in the first half. 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  The 119th straight sell-out at Chesapeake Energy Arena but the crowd wasn't nearly as vocal as it usually is. Not much drama in this one, as the Thunder got out to a big lead and cruised. 
 
 GOOD MOVE : Late in the second quarter,  Reggie Jackson  put a pickpocket move on training camp teammate  Diante Garrett  who signed with Utah after being cut by OKC. Jackson stole the ball from Garrett then raced away and made a nice spin move to avoid Garrett coming back and laid the ball in the basket. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  In the last moments of the half and the jazz searching for a last second shot Garrett ended up dribbling out the clock, failing to look to see how many seconds were left. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  OKC center  Steven Adams  played almost 27 minutes, scoring three points on 1-for-5 shooting and grabbing seven rebounds. Utah's Burke, who played a shade more than 20 minutes, scored four points on 2-for-9 shooting and handed out four assists. 
 
 NOTABLE : Since the start of last season, OKC is now 41-1 when holding an opponent to 42 percent or worse shooting. ...The Jazz shot 39.4 percent tonight...The 73 points scored by the Jazz are the fewest OKC has allowed an opponent this season and ties for the fewest scored by the Jazz (11-8 @ Chicago). 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Jazz, Monday vs. Chicago, Friday vs. Phoenix, Saturday @ Phoenix.  For the Thunder, Wednesday vs. San Antonio, Friday vs. Golden State, Sunday vs. Golden State. 
