  Notebook: Nets 110, Wizards 96 Posted Friday April 6, 2012 11:15PM By Jake Appleman, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Buoyed by a first quarter during which they built a 13-point bulge (33-20), the Nets blew the Wizards out of the Prudential Center, 110-96, avenging a tough loss from two weeks ago. The Nets received positive contributions from seemingly everywhere.  Deron Williams  (19 points, 13 assists) ran the show and  Gerald Wallace  (19 points, five rebounds) mixed efficient shooting with rugged play.  Anthony Morrow's  shooting,  Jordan Williams'  continued assimilation against a subpar Washington frontline, and  Gerald Green's  acrobatics were also key.  MarShon Brooks  added 18 points, six assists and six rebounds. John Wall  led the Wizards with 18 points, six rebounds and four assists. QUOTABLE:  "19 days."   --  Deron Williams, stating the number of days remaining in the season during his postgame interview. Incidentally, Williams notched his 19th double-double of the season in the victory. THE STAT:  Zero -- the number of true centers the Wizards had available against the Nets. TURNING POINT:  The Wizards never led, but the absence of  Nene  and  Trevor Booker , both listed as day-to-day and then removed from the lineup due to plantar fasciitis, might have doomed the Wizards before the game even started. The Wizards lacked any sort of formidable interior presence -- aside from a few nice moments from  Kevin Seraphin --  and the Nets committed only 13 fouls, well below the league average. Still, missing seven straight shots to start the game, as the Wizards did in falling behind 5-0, wasn't a good sign. QUOTEABLE II:  "They came out pretty slow offensively and we couldn't make anything early."   --  Wizards head coach  Randy Wittman. INSIDE THE ARENA:  In front of many shrieking teenage girls,  Iconic Boys , a dance troupe featuring two former Nets Kids dancers, performed at halftime. Later, young fans in the upper deck did the wave repeatedly. ROOKIE WATCH:  Two rookies ( Jan Vesely  and  Chris Singleton ) started for the Wizards and both played to their reputations, contributing little on the offensive end while making some positive contributions on defense. For the Nets, Brooks, who saw some time at backup point guard, was a terror in transition at times, including one slick ball fake on the break, and Jordan Williams was perfect from the field (7-7). QUOTEABLE III:  "They were pretty good. I have been riding them quite a bit this year."  --  Nets head coach  Avery Johnson , on the play of his rookies, Williams and Brooks. NOTABLE:  Nets general manager  Billy King  spoke to reporters before the game to announce that  Brook Lopez  would miss the remainder of the season... Singleton blew a wide open dunk after stealing the ball from Wallace, who appeared to have injured his hand on the play...Wall converted a remarkable reverse alley-oop dunk in the third quarter...Brooks left late in the third quarter to get his neck looked at after defending  Jordan Crawford  on the perimeter. He returned to the game. UP NEXT:  For the Wizards, Monday @ Charlotte, Tuesday vs. Orlando, Friday @ New York. For the Nets, Sunday vs. Cleveland, Tuesday vs. Philadelphia, Friday @ Philadelphia.  