  Mavericks-Clippers notebook   By Dan Arritt, for NBA.com Posted Thursday March 31, 2011 2:06AM THE FACTS:  The Dallas Mavericks didn't get caught looking head to their key match up 24 hours later against the Los Angeles Lakers, holding off the Los Angeles Clippers, 106-100, on Wednesday night at Staples Center. QUOTABLE:  "Even though we got out of the gate slow, we were able to get the stops we needed."  --  Mavericks point guard  Jason Kidd. THE STAT:  The Mavericks extended their winning streak to nine games against the Clippers and have won 15 of the last 16 against Los Angeles. TURNING POINT:  Dallas didn't take its first lead until five seconds remained in the first half. A 14-6 run late in the third quarter finally gave the Mavericks the lead for good, 75-68, though the Clippers did cut the deficit to two points early in the fourth quarter. The final blow was a 13-1 run that gave Dallas a 96-80 lead with 5 ½ minutes remaining. QUOTABLE II:  "We had one turnover in the first quarter and the Mavericks had six, and we were winning. We had 17 in the last three quarters and they got us back on our heels a little bit."  --  Clippers coach  Vinny Del Negro. HOT:  Dallas back-up point guard  J.J. Barea  scored 22 points on 6-for-8 shooting from the field, his first 20-point game since Feb. 9 against Sacramento. NOT:  Dallas back-up shooting guard  Jason Terry  was 2-for-11 from the field and scored six points to match his lowest output of the season. The Clippers committed eight of their 17 turnovers in the second quarter. GOOD MOVE:  After falling behind by 13 points in the opening quarter, Dallas coach  Rick Carlisle  went to his bench and  Peja Stojakovic  responded with six points in the final five minutes of the opening quarter to help cut the deficit back to five entering the second. BAD MOVE:  Clippers starting point guard  Mo Williams  seemed to be getting plenty of calls through the first three quarters, getting to the free-throw line eight times during that stretch, but he didn't like the way he was treated in the fourth and received back-to-back technical fouls during the 13-1 run. ROOKIE WATCH:  Clippers forward  Blake Griffin  finished with 25 points and 17 rebounds, his club record 57th double-double of the season. NOTABLE:  Heading into their game Thursday night at Staples Center, the Mavericks are a half game behind the second-place Lakers in the Western Conference standings.  Dirk Nowitzki  missed a free throw in the second period, ending his streak at 74 consecutive successful attempts, the longest in the league this season. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Friday @ Phoenix, Saturday vs. Oklahoma City, Tuesday @ Memphis. For the Mavericks, Thursday @ Lakers, Saturday @ Golden State, Sunday @ Portland.  