  Notebook: Thunder 84, Nets 74   By Jake Appleman, for NBA.com Posted Saturday January 21, 2012 11:43PM THE FACTS:  A combined 7-40 (17.5 percent) from behind the 3-point arc. 37 cumulative turnovers. Hard fouls. Hard fouls that weren't called. It wasn't pretty, but behind a sturdy defense and a few grim-reaper-playing-basketball moments from  Kevin Durant  (20 points, 15 rebounds), the Oklahoma City Thunder (13-3) handled the New Jersey Nets (4-12) with relative ease, 84-74. QUOTABLE:  "I was just a little amped because of the last game. We lost. I just wanted to have a good start. And I think that got our team going a little bit even though I missed some shots after that."   --  Durant, on his attitude and bouncing back following a tough loss against the Wizards. THE STAT:  Minus ten. Before the game, Nets coach  Avery Johnson  warned against the pitfalls of falling behind early, but his team was down 10 points after one quarter, and that was the final margin of victory for Oklahoma City. TURNING POINT:  Up 17-14, the Thunder went on an 11-0 run before  Anthony Morrow  ended the first quarter with a 4-point play. The Nets never recovered. QUOTEABLE II:  "This is really disappointing because we just couldn't make shots tonight, and I feel bad for our guys."   --  Nets coach Johnson. INSIDE THE ARENA:  A large number of Thunder fans, mostly clad in the team's shade of blue, made their presence felt. ROOKIE WATCH: MarShon Brooks  (14 points) hit his first four shots, but then missed his next nine, finishing 6-17. NOTABLE: Kris Humphries  (12 points, 16 rebounds) and Brooks provided the Nets with rare consecutive back-to-back behind the back passes on the same play, which resulted in a fast break layup for Humphries to give the Nets a 4-2 lead...It took  Deron Williams  almost 18 minutes of game time to score his first point...  Russell Westbrook  (21 points, six assists) and his blinding speed were at times able to escape the trappings of the one-sided slugfest and  James Harden  (16 points, nine rebounds) contributed efficiently off the bench for Oklahoma City. Harden and Westbrook combined on the alley-oop that put the game away at 79-67...No Net scored more than 14 points...Oklahoma's 84 points were a season-low...After the game Williams said he didn't like playing in the Prudential Center. UP NEXT:  For the Thunder, Monday vs. Detroit, Wednesday vs. New Orleans, Friday @ Golden State. For the Nets, Sunday vs. Charlotte, Monday @ Chicago, Wednesday @ Philadelphia.  