Notebook: Jazz 112, Suns 104 
 
 
 Norm Frauenheim, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Dec 01, 2013 1:27 AM - Updated Sun Dec 01, 2013 1:27 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  In his last three games, Jazz guard  Trey Burke  is averaging 15.6 points. Against the Suns on Saturday, his first name was very appropriate. Trey hit four of his six 3-point attempts.  
 
 THE LEAD:  After a month on a road that led only to defeat, the Utah Jazz changed directions and finally landed in the win column. The Jazz got their first road win, beating the Phoenix Suns 112-104 at U.S. Airways Center Saturday -- the night after losing to those same Suns at home in Salt Lake City. 
 The Jazz (3-15), now 1-9 on the road, broke through mostly because of a brilliant fourth quarter led by Burke, who had eight of his 20 points -- including two 3-pointers -- during the final 12 minutes.  
  Frustrated Suns coach  Jeff Hornacek  blamed the Phoenix (9-8) loss on a lack of effort. He was unhappy at seeing another example of a young team's complacency after a victory. The Suns had four fewer rebounds and one more turnover than the Jazz.  
 The first half was a sign of what was to come. The Suns couldn't sustain much of anything. Their shooting ran hot. Then, cold. Energy was there for one minute. Gone the next. But the Suns exercised good timing. A burst of energy during the first half's final four minutes allowed them to take a four-point advantage, 53-49, into the halftime locker room despite 38.1-percent shooting in the second quarter. 
 Trailing the Jazz by nine, the Suns closed the half on a 17-4 run,  Goran Dragic  led the way with eight points of his game-high 24 points from the free-throw line and three assists of his nine assists during a 3:51 stretch. But it proved to be the Suns last stand in what might be the beginning of a new road for the Jazz. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "He's learning a lot on the fly here.'' 
 
 --Jazz coach  Tyrone Corbin  on Burke 
 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "Our guys thought they could just show up tonight and win the game. In this game, it doesn't happen that way, but they don't want to listen to it.''  
 -- Jeff Hornacek 
 
 THE STAT:  The Jazz shot 64.7 percent from the floor, including 4-for-5 from the 3-point distance, in the fourth quarter. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Jazz went on a 14-9 run during the final 4:09 
 
 QUOTABLE III:   "Phoenix came out and beat us on our home floor [Friday] and we didn't feel too good about that, so we took a look at the film and changed some things in the morning and it really worked out for us tonight.''  
 
 -- Jazz forward  Marvin Williams 
 
 
 HOT:  Burke was 6-for-15 from the floor and 4-for-4 from the foul line to go along with his big long-range night. Dragic's 24 points and nine assists left him just one assist from his fourth double-double. 
 
 NOT: Markieff Morris , who was 2-for-8 from the floor and had three turnovers. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Things went well for Utah's Burke, but he Suns' first-round picks didn't have much of an impact.  Archie Goodwin  was 0-for-1 and in 6:41 minutes. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Suns guard  Eric Bledsoe  came off the bench for the second straight game after missing six straight with an injury to his left shin. He was 4-for-9 from the floor with two assists and four turnovers. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Jazz, Monday vs. Rockets, Wednesday vs. Pacers and Friday @ Portland. For the Suns, Tuesday @ Memphis, Wednesday @ Houston and Friday vs. Raptors.  
