  Notebook: Kings 99, Hornets 98 Posted Thursday March 8, 2012 1:28AM James Ham, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  This one went down to the wire in Sacramento. With 13.2 seconds remaining in the game, rookie  Isaiah Thomas  stole the Hornets inbound pass and flipped it to a breaking  John Salmons  for the lay-in. The basket gave the Kings the one-point lead as they held on for the 99-98 win over New Orleans. Marcus Thornton  led the way for the Kings, scoring 25 points on 9-for-21 shooting. Five other Kings scored in double figures, as they ended their four game losing streak and improved to 9-6 at home this season. Jarrett Jack  equaled Thornton's 25 points for the Hornets, but finished with five turnovers and only four assists.  Chris Kaman  had a monster, near triple-double performance and  Trevor Ariza  added 20 points and six assists in the loss. QUOTABLE:  "Coach called my name and I had to be ready. I made a pretty good play and then Johnny sealed it."    -- Thomas on his game-deciding steal and pass to Salmons. THE STAT:  Kaman nearly picked up the triple-double on the night, finishing with 18 points, 11 rebounds and a career-high eight assists for the Hornets. TURNING POINT:  The turning point in this one came in the closing seconds when Thomas made an incredible acrobatic steal on the in-bounds pass, leading to the game-winning basket. New Orleans got one last shot, but Ariza missed the elbow jumper for the win QUOTABLE II:  "It was a first-time experience. It was unbelievable. It was like a game. It was like walking into a basketball game with a sold out crowd and the crowd's rowdy. The fans here are unbelievable, the city is unbelievable and it's an honor to even be here. To see something like that, everybody doesn't go through that and I saw history last night."    --Thomas on attending the Sacramento City Council vote for a new arena on Tuesday night. HOT:  Jack played great ball in the loss for the Hornets. He finished with 25 points on an efficient 11-for-17 shooting. GOOD MOVE:  Even though  Jimmer Fredette  played extremely well in the second half, Smart made the right decision going back to Thomas down the stretch. BAD MOVE:  Thomas was really good early on. This game might not have been this close if Smart would have played Thomas more than 17 minutes. NOTABLE: DeMarcus Cousins  was a last-second scratch after coming down with food poisoning before the game. The Hornets'  Gustavo Ayon  was also a late scratch with a sore left foot. UP NEXT:  For the Hornets, Friday @ Denver, Saturday @ Minnesota, Monday vs. Bobcats. For the Kings, Friday vs. Mavs, Sunday vs. Hawks, Tuesday vs. Warriors.  