  Mavericks-Jazz notebook   By Andrew Aragon, for NBA.com Posted Saturday December 4, 2010 2:20AM THE FACTS:   Dirk Nowitzki  scored 26 points as the streaking Dallas Mavericks defeated the Utah Jazz 93-81 on Friday night. It was Dallas' eight straight victory. Caron Butler  scored 16 points for Dallas and  Jason Kidd  chipped in 15 points. The Jazz, who had their seven-game winning streak broken, were led by  Paul Millsap , who   had 21 points and seven rebounds.  Al Jefferson  had 18 points and eight rebounds for Utah. QUOTABLE:  "We feel like we can beat anybody, anywhere. We are playing great basketball. The environment in that locker room is second to none. If we're down 10 or we're up 10 our feelings aren't going to change."   -- Mavericks forward  Caron Butler  THE STAT:  35.3. The Mavericks shut the usually efficient Jazz offense down in the second half, holding them to 35.3 percent shooting. Utah scored 38 points in the second half, making just 12 shots. TURNING POINT:  Dallas led by four going into the fourth quarter, and put the game away shortly thereafter. The Mavericks opened the fourth on an 11-0 run with Nowitzki leading the way with five of the points. Nowitzki hit a fadeaway bank shot from 13 feet out that took some life out of the Jazz and their fans, and gave the Mavericks a 73-62 lead. QUOTABLE II:  "The one he hit off the glass, man, I don't know what defense you have for that. It was a tough shot. It was unbelievable. I see him do it in practice, but in a game situation [with] 20,000 fans screaming at you - it's unbelievable."   -- Mavericks'  Jason Terry  on Nowitzki's fadeaway bank shot in the fourth quarter. HOT:  Kidd shot 6-for-8 from the field, and Nowitzki was 12-for-18. The Mavericks shot 60 percent in the second half and 52.6 percent in the game. NOT:  On the same day he was named the NBA's Player of the Month,  Deron Williams  had an off game. He shot 4-for-13, scored 12 points and had seven assists. Williams was held to one point in the second half and shot 0-for-6 after halftime. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Kidd has been a reliable fantasy starter for years, and he had a good night for his owners against the Jazz. His 15 points were a little more than seven above his average. His shooting percentage and seven assists were also helpful. BAD MOVE:  Jazz coach  Jerry Sloan  couldn't find the right combination against the Mavericks, especially in the second half. He opened the fourth quarter with Williams, Millsap,  Earl Watson ,  C.J. Miles  and  Kyrylo Fesenko . He subbed  Andrei Kirilenko  for Millsap and  Francisco Elson  for Williams during Dallas' 11-0 run and none of the lineups could stop the bleeding for Utah. NOTABLE:  The win broke a five-game losing streak in Utah for Dallas. It was the 10th time this season the Mavericks held an opponent to at least 10 points fewer than their scoring average, as the Jazz entered the game scoring an average of 102 points per game. It was the fifth time this season Dallas has ended an opponent's winning streak of at least five games. The Mavericks' other victims were San Antonio (12), New Orleans (8), Oklahoma City (5) and Boston (5). UP NEXT:  For the Mavericks, Saturday @ Kings, Tuesday vs. Warriors, Thursday vs. Nets. For the Jazz, Monday vs. Grizzlies, Wednesday vs. Heat, Friday vs. Magic.  