  Thunder-Nets notebook   By Randy Renner, NBA.com Posted Wednesday December 29, 2010 11:04PM THE FACTS:  The Oklahoma City Thunder scuffled around with the New Jersey Nets in the early going, playing to a 24-24 tie at the end of the first quarter, but in the last 36 minutes it was all OKC as the home team cruised to a 114-93 win. Thunder forward  Kevin Durant  did not play in the fourth quarter and still led all scorers with 27 points.  Russell Westbrook  added 17. The Nets were led by  Brook Lopez  and  Devin Harris  with 19 points apiece. QUOTABLE:  "We had a nice offensive game with 31 assists and our hands were very active on defense. We got a lot of deflections and steals and that's what we have to do to win."   --Thunder coach  Scott Brooks THE STAT:  In the second quarter New Jersey turned the ball over 12 times, leading to 13 Thunder points. TURNING POINT:  With New Jersey leading 22-17 late in the first quarter the Thunder went on an 18-7 run over the next five minutes. Oklahoma City was 6-for-6 on field goals and 5-for-6 at the free throw line. The Nets were just 2-for-6 and turned the ball over seven times during that stretch. The Nets didn't seriously challenge again. QUOTABLE II:  "In that second quarter they really turned it on us. That just switched the momentum. You don't have any defense for turnovers."   --Nets coach  Avery Johnson HOT:  Oklahoma City began the game hot from the field going 5-for-6 in the first 2:40. NOT:  Over the next 7:15 the Thunder cooled off going just 2-for-12. GOOD MOVE:  Early in the second quarter Thunder defensive specialist  Thabo Sefolosha  reached in and stole the ball from Nets forward  Troy Murphy . Sefolosha passed out to guard  Eric Maynor  who hit forward  Jeff Green  with a perfect alley-oop pass. Green slammed it home. BAD MOVE:  Nets center Brook Lopez, standing out at the top of the 3-point arc attempted a soft toss pass to Devin Harris. Bad idea. Thunder point guard Russell Westbrook stepped in between the two, intercepted the pass and raced all the way down court for a slam dunk. ROOKIE WATCH:  Nets forward  Derrick Favors  played 22:42 and scored eight points, and also grabbed two rebounds. Guard  Ben Uzoh  was in the game for 10:55, scoring six points and handing out five assists. Thunder center  Cole Aldrich  did not play. NOTABLE:  The Thunder lost to Dallas Monday night and Oklahoma City is now 10-1 after a loss. The Thunder hasn't lost back-to-back games since October 31st, November 3rd. UP NEXT:  For the Nets, Friday @ Chicago, Saturday @ Minnesota, Wednesday vs Bulls. For the Thunder, Friday vs Hawks, Saturday @ San Antonio, Tuesday @ Memphis  