
 Nets-Jazz notebook   By Jake Appleman, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday January 19, 2011 10:40PM THE FACTS:  Led by seven players in double figures, the New Jersey Nets withstood a late push to down the Utah Jazz, 103-95, on Russian Night at Prudential Center.  Deron Williams  (20 points, 10 assists),  Andrei Kirilenko  (17 points, eight rebounds), and  Al Jefferson  (21 points, eight rebounds) put up good numbers in defeat. The victory occurred after the Nets Principal Owner,  Mikhail Prokhorov , stated in a press conference that the team would no longer attempt to trade for  Carmelo Anthony . QUOTABLE:  "We shoot a high percentage when the ball moves from side to side."   --  Devin Harris , on the Nets' offensive success THE STAT:   Jordan Farmar ,  Sasha Vujacic  and  Kris Humphries  hopped off the bench to pitch in 38 points while attempting only 18 shots from the floor. TURNING POINT:  With the Nets up 95-91 and the Jazz threatening to make it a one-possession game, Harris stole the ball from Williams. Even though Harris' layup on the other end spilled out, the Jazz failed to mount a serious challenge the rest of the way. QUOTABLE II:  "We look like we're lacking effort and our energy really doesn't look good to me."    -- Jazz coach  Jerry Sloan,  on his team's performance FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:   Sasha Vujacic  (4-5 from the floor, 11 points, six rebounds) continues to enjoy playing at the Prudential Center. INSIDE THE ARENA:   Kim Kardashian  sat courtside and  Jay-Z  sat in his usual spot, a few seats down from the Nets bench...What must have been the Russian saying for "defense!" played over the loudspeakers occasionally when the Nets looked to clamp down... Hockey stars  Alex Ovechkin  and  Ilya Kovalchuk  were in attendance...The NFL was also represented by  Ray Rice  of the Ravens and  Drew Coleman  of the Jets...A Russian dance centered around a person in a large bear costume took center stage between the first and second quarter...The Nets are now 4-1 in home games attended by Prokhorov. ROOKIE WATCH: Derrick Favors  (12 points, 5-6 from the floor, six rebounds, three blocks, only one foul, and countless other positives) may have played the finest game of his young career, responding well to  Avery Johnson 's call for "crazy energy." NOTABLE:  The Jazz jumped out to a 14-6 lead to start the game. The Nets responded with a 21-5 run to close out the quarter...In the fourth quarter, Johnson went with a mobile lineup that didn't boast a true center, featuring Favors and Humphries as the two bigs. UP NEXT:  For the Jazz Friday @ Boston, Saturday @ Philadelphia, Tuesday @ La Lakers. For the Nets, Friday vs. Detroit, Saturday vs. Dallas, Monday vs. Cleveland. 
