  Notebook: Clippers 105, Jazz 96 Posted Sunday April 1, 2012 1:57AM By Dan Arritt, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The Clippers received a brief scare Saturday night when All-Star point guard  Chris Paul  went to the bench wincing in pain and holding his right arm midway through the third quarter at Staples Center. Turned out, the bruised right elbow was nothing compared to the hurt he put on Utah, sending the Jazz to their third consecutive loss, 105-96. QUOTABLE:  "I thought  Eric  [ Bledsoe ] came in and gave us some good minutes when Chris went down. He controlled the tempo and got us up and down the court ... it was a good, solid team effort from everybody."   -- Clippers coach  Vinny Del Negro THE STAT:  The Clippers won five in a row for the first time since November 2006, when they opened the season with a 5-1 record. They also went unbeaten on a homestand of five games or more for just the third time in franchise history and the first since 1979. TURNING POINT:  The Jazz chipped away at a 19-point first half deficit and whittled it down to four on  Paul Millsap 's layup with 8:26 remaining in the third quarter.  Randy Foye  answered with a 3-point basket 11 seconds later to push the lead back to seven and spark a 14-4 run. After that, the Jazz never got closer than seven. During the deciding run, Paul went to the locker room with the elbow injury but returned early in the fourth quarter and scored 12 of his team-high 26 points to further hold off the Jazz. HOT:  Clippers forward  Blake Griffin  finished with 24 points, eight rebounds and six assists, giving him six straight 20-point games. Griffin ended February with eight straight 20-point games. L.A. shot 50 percent or better from the floor in its last five wins. NOT:  Utah guard  Gordon Hayward  was enjoying the best full month of his NBA career, averaging 13.1 points in March, with six games of 18 points or more. The second-year player struggled to find his shot against the Clippers, however, especially in the second half when he shot 1-for-7 and scored four points with two turnovers. He finished with 14 points on 4-for-12 shooting. GOOD MOVE:  Just to make sure everyone knew he was OK, Paul made a spectacular move on a fast break with 5:20 remaining in the game, dribbling the ball between his legs without breaking stride as he drove straight at the basket and laying it in for a 94-82 lead. BAD MOVE:  After losing their previous two games to drop further out of the top eight in the Western Conference race, it seemed the Jazz would have been more motivated to start strong against the Clippers. Instead, they watched L.A. scorch the nets while shooting 68.2 percent in the opening quarter, including 6-for-8 from 3-point range, to surge to a 38-22 lead. The Jazz were in full pursuit mode from then on. QUOTABLE II:  "That set the tone for us. They made a couple of runs, but we withstood it."   -- Vinny Del Negro. NOTABLE:  Paul went without a steal for the first time in the last 55 games, ending the longest active streak in the NBA ... The Clippers tied a season high with 12 assists in the first quarter ... The Clippers improved to 8-4 in the second game of back-to-backs ... The Clippers remain within a game of the Lakers for the Pacific Division lead. The teams meet Wednesday. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Monday @ Dallas, Wednesday vs. L.A. Lakers, Friday @ Sacramento. For the Jazz, Monday @ Portland, Wednesday vs. Phoenix, Friday vs. Golden State.  