  Notebook: Nets 100, Pacers 84 Posted Wednesday March 28, 2012 10:52PM By Abe Schwadron, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  One game after beating the star-studded Miami Heat, the Indiana Pacers were blown out on the road by the New Jersey Nets, as  Deron Williams  scored 30 points and dished out nine assists to lead the Nets past the Pacers for the first time in 11 tries, 100-84.  MarShon Brooks  added 17 points,  Gerald Green  scored 14, and New Jersey avoided a season sweep at the hands of the Pacers. The Nets survived a big night from  Paul George , who scored 22 points on 8-for-13 shooting, but was the only Pacer to get it going all night. Indiana was outscored 31-17 in the fourth quarter, during which its starters combined for just three points, including zero from George. QUOTABLE:  "We just can't come out and play like this against a team like the Nets. We're the ones fighting for playoff position and we've got something to play for. It's just embarrassing."   -- Pacers forward  David West THE STAT:  The 16-point margin of victory was the largest for the Nets this season, and New Jersey is a surprisingly competent 7-6 on the year when scoring at least 100 points. TURNING POINT:  New Jersey twice held off Indiana runs, as the Pacers roared back from eight- and nine-point deficits in the first and third quarters. Whereas normally the Nets would fold, they hung tough. And, with just under five minutes remaining, George missed a dunk for Indy before Deron Williams swished a 3-pointer in transition, plus a loose ball foul that resulted in a  Kris Humphries  free throw to push the Nets' lead to 93-75. New Jersey never looked back. HOT:  Even with the Pacers trailing for much of the opening quarter, George got off to a red-hot start, pouring in 10 points on 4-for-4 field goal shooting in the first. He made both of his 3-point attempts, plus had a layup-saving steal, an assist and a blocked shot all in the opening nine minutes. NOT: Danny Granger  picked up two fouls in the first six minutes of the game, then committed his fourth with 8:21 left in the third quarter. He fouled out with 3:14 in the fourth, having scored just five points on 2-8 shooting. In just 21 minutes of action, Granger, who in his first three matchups New Jersey this season had averaged 23 points per game, was a complete non-factor. QUOTABLE II:  "Outstanding defense by  Gerald Wallace  on Danny Granger. Granger missed some shots but he denied him the basketball."   -- Nets head coach  Avery Johnson GOOD MOVE:  After being inserted into the game for the first time late in the first quarter, Green showed why he's been a major sparkplug for the Nets as of late. On the first possession of the second quarter, he blocked a  Leandro Barbosa  3-point shot, then scored the first four points of the period for New Jersey. He led all second-quarter scorers with nine points. BAD MOVE:  With seven minutes to play and the Pacers already trailing by eight,  Tyler Hansbrough  committed a Flagrant 1 foul, decking Brooks on a drive to the hoop. After a pair of Brooks free throws and a Deron Williams jumper on the ensuing possession, the Nets' lead climbed to 12. NOTABLE:  The Nets suffered yet another injury Wednesday night, as  Shelden Williams  left in the second quarter with an eye injury and did not return. He scored four points and grabbed five rebounds in 12 minutes, but was taken to Hackensack Medical Center for further evaluation on his eye. QUOTABLE III:  "We have to approach these teams like they're the Miami Heat or the Chicago Bulls and stop looking past the teams that are sub-.500. We let Deron Williams just take over."  - - George INSIDE THE ARENA:  Former IBF Light Welterweight boxing champion and Brooklyn native  Paulie Malignaggi  was in attendance to watch his soon-to-be hometown Nets. UP NEXT:  For the Nets, Friday @ Golden State, Saturday @ Sacramento, Tuesday @ L.A. Lakers. For the Pacers, Thursday vs. Washington, Saturday @ San Antonio, Sunday @ Houston.  