Notebook: Magic 113, Bucks 103 
 
 
 Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Thu Apr 11, 2013 12:10 AM - Updated Thu Apr 11, 2013 12:10 AM 
 
 THE FACTS : Former Bucks  Tobias Harris  and  Doron Lamb  combined for nine points in overtime for their new team, as the Orlando Magic broke a five-game losing streak with a 113-103 victory over Milwaukee Wednesday. 
 Harris matched his career high with 30 points, which included a  game-tying 3-pointer with 1.9 seconds left in the fourth quarter for the Magic (20-59), and added 19 rebounds. Lamb set a career high with 16 points in a record-setting night for several players. 
 Magic center  Nik Vucevic  finished with 30 points and 20 rebounds, his second straight 20/20 game, and Bucks (37-41) rookie  John Henson  came off the bench with 25 rebounds and seven blocks, both career highs. Henson became the first player to come off the bench with 25 rebounds in an NBA game in at least 28 years. 
 The Magic set a franchise record for fewest free throws made in a game, making only three in eight attempts. The Bucks played without forward  Ersan Ilyasova , who was ill, and lost starters  Brandon Jennings  (Achiles') and  Larry Sanders  (back) to injuries in the first half. 
 
 QUOTABLE : "Needless to say, I probably didn't look at the score and see how far we were up so I apologize for that, and if anybody thought that was disrespectful, that's not the type of player that I am. You live and learn from it and in the future I wouldn't do that, having had the experience and knowing the consequences of it." 
 -- Tobias Harris on drawing a technical foul for taunting with 6.7 seconds left. 
 
 THE STAT : Harris and Vucevic became the first teammates to collect at least 30 points each and at least 19 rebounds each in the same game since  Willis Reed  and  Walt Bellamy  did it for the New York Knicks at Baltimore on March 15, 1967. 
 
 TURNING POINT : The Bucks had a five-point lead and the ball when they were called for a five-second violation with 37.1 seconds left in the fourth quarter. 
 
 HOT : Lamb, who had eight 3-pointers in 43 preceding games with the Bucks and Magic, made four on six attempts. 
 
 NOT: Monta Ellis  made only 7 of his 27 shots for the Bucks, including 1-for-8 from behind the arc. 
 
 QUOTABLE II : "They just made shots [in overtime] and we couldn't make shots. We let this one get away." 
 -- Monta Ellis 
 
 GOOD MOVE : With Sanders out, Henson shattered his career high for minutes with 41:17. 
 
 QUOTABLE III : "I had a conversation with John [Henson] a few weeks ago about keeping himself ready because things can change from game to game, and if you're not ready when that moment comes, it's an opportunity lost. He's been working hard and trying to keep himself physically and mentally ready, and he had an opportunity tonight and obviously he took advantage of it." 
 -- Bucks coach  Jim Boylan 
 
 
 BAD MOVE : With the Bucks up by three points in the final seconds of the fourth quarter,  Marquis Daniels  grabbed the back of Harris' shirt as he was going up for a 3-point shot. The shot went in with 1.9 seconds left, but Harris missed the free throw to keep the game tied. 
 
 IN THE ARENA : It was a love fest for  J.J. Redick , playing in his first game in Orlando since his trade to Milwaukee on Feb. 21. Redick got a standing ovation and a scoreboard salute during the game. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH : Aside from Henson's huge night, Magic forward  Maurice Harkless  played almost 51 minutes and Lamb played 35, both career highs.  
 
 NOTABLE : Only Henson,  Shawn Bradley  and  Charles Barkley  have come off the bench with at least 21 rebounds and at least seven blocks in an NBA game since the 1985-86 season . . . The Magic shot only eight free throws, dropping their season average to 16.3 per game, on pace for the NBA record for fewest free throws per game . . . The Bucks have lost their last 14 games in Orlando. 
 
 UP NEXT : For the Bucks, Friday @ Atlanta, Saturday @ Charlotte, Monday vs. Denver. For the Magic, Saturday vs. Boston, Monday vs. Chicago, Wednesday @ Miami. 
