Notebook: Grizzlies 90, Bucks 80 
 
 
 Marlon W. Morgan, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Thu Dec 20, 2012 1:10 AM - Updated Thu Dec 20, 2012 1:10 AM 
 
 THE FACTS:  For the second straight game, the Memphis Grizzlies offense struggled to put the ball in the basket. Even layups and dunks had a hard time finding their way through the hoop. But the one thing they have been able to rely on all season is their defense. The Grizzlies put the clamps on Milwaukee Wednesday night, coming away with a 90-80 win, while improving to 17-6.  Zach Randolph  led the way with 15 points and 17 rebounds. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We had a ton of open looks. We just missed them. There's not much to say. We couldn't make a shot and we were only down nine at the half. It was tough." 
 -- Bucks coach  Scott Skiles 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Grizzlies held the Bucks to just 35 percent shooting, which is why they had a hard time hitting the 80-point mark. It marked the 22nd consecutive game that the Grizzlies have held their opponent under 100 points, which is why they lead the NBA in points allowed per game (90.0 before Wednesday).  
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Grizzlies used a 13-6 run to close out the third quarter. That allowed them to take a 66-51 cushion into the final period. With Milwaukee struggling to shoot the ball all night, that was more than enough of a lead for the Grizzlies. 
 
 HOT:  FedExForum continues to be a tough place for opponents to play. The Grizzlies improved to 11-2 at home this season and have won 22 of their last 24 regular season games at the Forum.  
 
 NOT:  It was a miserable night for Milwaukee guard  Monta Ellis , who resides in Memphis. Ellis missed his first 13 shot attempts and didn't make his first and only basket of the night until 2:31 remained in the game. Ellis was 1-for-14 from the floor, finishing with a season-low four points. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I don't know how you practice dunking. I might have to go back to eighth grade when I used to try to dunk all the time in practice. It's just being aggressive. You can't fault me for trying to be aggressive."  
 --  Rudy Gay 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  The win gives the Grizzlies a season sweep against the Bucks. They won on Nov. 7 in Milwaukee, 108-90. It is the third straight year the Grizzlies have swept Milwaukee. ... The 80 points scored by the Bucks were their season low. It comes after the Grizzlies held Chicago to its season low of 71 on Monday night. The Bucks also were held to a season-low 11 assists, although its kind of hard to get assists when you miss 55 shots. ... The Grizzlies' bench outscored Milwaukee's 31-26 ... The team is now 7-0 when the bench outscores their opponent. ...  Mike Conley 's six assists leaves him two shy of becoming the Grizzlies' all-time leader.  Jason Williams  currently holds that distinction. ...  Marc Gasol  had his second double-double of the season with 12 points and 12 rebounds. ...  Brandon Jennings  led the Bucks with 26 points, but was just 9-for-26 from the floor.. He also had seven rebounds and two assists. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Bucks, Friday at Boston, Saturday vs. Cleveland, Wednesday vs. Brooklyn. For the Grizzlies, Friday vs. Dallas, Saturday at Houston, Wednesday vs. Philadelphia. 
