Notebook: Heat 105, Jazz 89 
 
 
 Zachary Paul, For NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Dec 22, 2012 11:14 PM - Updated Sat Dec 22, 2012 11:14 PM 
 
 THE FACTS :  The Miami Heat defeated the Utah Jazz 105-89 Saturday at AmericanAirlines Arena. The home team was in control for the most part despite playing without center  Chris Bosh , who was out because of flu-like symptoms. The Heat opted for a small lineup, starting  Udonis Haslem  at center and  Shane Battier  at power forward.  
 The move by coach  Erik Spoelstra  worked perfectly as the Heat (18-6) used a quicker pace to their advantage.  LeBron James  and  Dwyane Wade  picked up the scoring load, finishing with 30 and 21 points, respectively. After Wade kept the team afloat in the first half, James scored 12 points in the pivotal third quarter when the Heat were able to take control.  
 Miami led by as many as 20, but the Jazz trimmed the lead to 10 before the end of the quarter. Utah (14-14) pulled to within 75-68 on  Jamaal Tinsley 's 3-pointer but could get no closer. James also added nine rebounds and seven assists.  
 
 Marvin Williams  led the Jazz with 16 points.  
 
 QUOTABLE : "That's a physical team, and without Chris [Bosh], a man short, guys really just stepped up to their challenge. ... Our guys were just focused on trying to win those big-muscle areas."  
   --Heat coach Erik Spolestra 
 
 THE STAT :  Despite no Bosh, the Heat outrebounded the Jazz 39-38. 
 
  TURNING POINT : After taking a four-point lead into halftime, the Heat opened the third quarter by scoring eight straight points to take control.     
 
 QUOTABLE II :  "They came out with an 8-0 run in the third quarter. It was a close game until that run. Then you have to fight your way back in it. We didn't have a pace and as a result we turned the ball over."  
 --Jazz coach  Tyrone Corbin  
 
 
 HOT : With Bosh out, James and Wade took it upon themselves to fill the scoring void. Wade once again shot at a high percentage as he continues to focus on efficient scoring. James overcame a slow start to complete yet another solid all-around game.  
 
 NOT : With the exception of Williams, the Jazz got little from their starting lineup.  Randy Foye  and  Al Jefferson  combined to miss 13 of their first 16 shots. Add the struggles of  Paul Millsap  and it's easy to see why Utah had such difficulties.  
 
 GOOD MOVE : So much for the Heat struggling against the Utah frontcourt. Even without Bosh, the Heat were able to score in the paint and keep the Jazz from dominating the boards. It helped that Wade and James were so active on the glass.   
 
 BAD MOVE : Utah struggled from the field throughout, falling victim to the Heat's pressure defense. With  Mo Williams  sidelined because of a thumb injury the second half, the Jazz had problems getting into their offense with backup  Earl Watson  running the point.  
 
  NOTABLE : James scored at least 20 points for the 24th straight time. The feat tied  Karl Malone  for the longest streak to start a season. Malone did it in 1989-90. The Heat improved to 13-2 at home while the Jazz fell to 5-12 on the road. 
 
  UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Tuesday vs. Thunder, Wednesday @ Bobcats, Friday @ Pistons. For the Jazz, Sunday @ Magic, Wednesday vs. Warriors, Friday vs. Clippers.  
