  Spurs-Magic notebook   By Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com Posted Friday December 24, 2010 12:00AM THE FACTS:  With contributions from newcomers  Gilbert Arenas ,  Jason Richardson  and  Hedo Turkoglu , the Orlando Magic shot almost 60 percent and ended the 10-game winning streak of the San Antonio Spurs, 123-101. Arenas came of the bench with 14 points, six rebounds and nine assists to energize the Magic, who won for the first time after acquiring the new trio in trades five days ago.  Dwight Howard  had a game-high 29 points and 14 rebounds as Orlando won for only the second time in 10 games.  Tony Parker  and rookie  Gary Neal  led seven Spurs in double figures with 16 points each. But San Antonio, playing for the sixth times in nine days, was so far behind that Parker,  Tim Duncan  and  Manu Ginobili  sat out the fourth quarter. QUOTABLE:  "We can talk about taking steps forward and making progress and all that stuff, but you still want to win the games. We took steps tonight. We controlled the things we can control, like playing with a lot of intensity."    -- Magic guard  Jameer Nelson THE STAT:  The Magic shot better than 50 percent in each of the first three quarters including 14-for-17 (82 percent) in the second quarter, and 50-for-84 (.595) for the game. TURNING POINT:  The Spurs had scored the last five points of the first half, reducing Orlando's lead to nine in spite of 66 percent shooting by the Magic. But Nelson opened the second half with a 3-pointer, setting off a 35-point quarter in which the Magic stretched their lead to 21. QUOTABLE II:  "I'd rather think that we're lucky to have the record (25-4). If we want to take advantage of that good record, we better get our acts together at the defensive end. Otherwise we've squandered what the basketball gods have given to us so far."-   -- Spurs coach  Gregg Popovich HOT:  Howard made 11 of 13 shots and every Magic starter shot 50 percent or better. NOT:  After scoring seven points in the first quarter, Ginobili made only one shot and finished 3-for-10. GOOD MOVE:  Playing mostly at point guard in place of the dehydrated Nelson, Arenas played the entire second quarter, in which he had seven points and four assists. QUOTABLE III:  "I thought (Arenas) made probably the biggest difference, scoring a bunch of points. He came in and shot the ball well and extended that lead for them."    -- Spurs forward Tim Duncan FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Arenas, who has finished three seasons among the NBA's top four scorers, might force his way into the starting lineup with more games like this. But Magic coach  Stan Van Gundy  said he wants his lineup stabilized for a while. ROOKIE WATCH:  Neal, who came into the game as the hottest rookie in the league, followed back-to-back 22-points games with 16 points on 4-for-11 shooting. NOTABLE:  Magic foward  Ryan Anderson  played for the first time in 10 games, having been sidelined with a sprained right mid-foot ... The Magic scored 30 fast-break points, two short of a season-high. "For a team that was last in the league in fast-break points, that's a dramatic turnatround," Van Gundy said ... Even though they won the first four, the Spurs have given up 110.8 points per game in their last five. UP NEXT:  For the Spurs, Sunday vs. Washington, Tuesday vs. L.A. Lakers, Thursday @ Dallas. For the Magic, Saturday vs. Boston, Monday @ New Jersey, Tuesday @ Cleveland.  