Notebook: Pacers 98, Pistons 79 
 
 
 Conrad Brunner, For NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Jan 30, 2013 11:02 PM - Updated Wed Jan 30, 2013 11:02 PM 
 
 THE FACTS :  On a night when the Pistons severed their final tie with the recent past, they were reminded of the reality of the present.  Tayshaun Prince , the final member of the 2004 championship team, along with youngster  Austin Daye,  are headed to Memphis in a three-team trade that will bring point guard  Jose Calderon  to Detroit. Without any of that crew, the Indiana Pacers reminded the Pistons of their 2013 reality with a 98-79 win Wednesday at Bankers Life Fieldhouse. It was the fourth loss in five games for the Pistons (17-29), who dropped to 5-17 on the road. The Pacers (27-19) snapped a three-game losing streak by winning their 12th in a row at home, where they will play 12 of their next 15 games. Indiana got double-doubles from three players:  Roy Hibbert  (18 points, 11 rebounds),  Tyler Hansbrough  (14 points, 11 rebounds) and  Lance Stephenson  (12 points, 11 rebounds).  Greg Monroe  led the Pistons (17-29) with 18 points. 
 
 QUOTABLE : "I think everyone was surprised that [the trade] took place right before the game.  [Pistons president] Joe Dumars called me and I knew how much it hurt him. Tayshaun has been a part of the Pistons' family for 10 years.  Throughout the time all those tight-woven relationships have developed, and I know that Joe felt horrible right before the game.  But, for Tayshaun, I'm eternally grateful for his professionalism and how he handled himself.  Obviously, with the championship and redefining himself, he became a very good role player and a captain for the team.  I wish both Tayshaun and Austin the best of luck."  
 -- Detroit coach  Lawrence Frank 
 
 
 THE STAT :  The Pacers beat the Pistons for the ninth consecutive time at home, their second-longest active streak (Washington, 10). The Pistons' last win in Indianapolis came in 2008. 
 
 TURNING POINT : With the reserves on the floor, Detroit cut the deficit to 36-34 midway through the second quarter but Indiana's starters returned and took over the game, finishing the half on an 18-2 run to push the lead to 54-36. Detroit was 1-for-8 with three turnovers in the final 5:52 of the half. Hibbert and Stephenson combined for 14 of the Indiana points in the run. 
 
 QUOTABLE II : "We're not happy with how we've played on the road. We need to make up for it with this string of home games. If you're not going to be a .500 team on the road you need to be better than good at home, and so far we have been."  
 -- Indiana coach  Frank Vogel 
 
 
 HOT :  All five Indiana starters scored in double figures for the seventh time this season with all but  Paul George  hitting at least half their shots. Monroe shot 8-for-17 and  Will Bynum  6-for-12 off the bench for the Pistons. 
 
 NOT :  George was uncharacteristically cool, hitting 3-for-11, including 1-for-4 from the 3-point line, and committing six turnovers.  Andre Drummond  pulled 14 rebounds but shot 2-for-10 from the tree-throw line, missing his last seven in a row. 
 
 QUOTABLE III :  "I was shocked, obviously.  I knew that this was going to be a tough game for these guys to play, tough circumstances. For me, it's definitely a tough time but now it's time for me to go on to the next page and make the most of it.  I thought things were starting to go well here as of late, I thought the last month we were making strides.  It's intriguing because I think about the last two weeks seeing where  Rudy Gay  wanted out and I never thought I'd be a part of it."  
 -- Tayshaun Prince 
 
 NOTABLE : Word of the trade leaked an hour before the game but was not announced by the Pistons until the fourth quarter. Toronto received Gay from Memphis, with the Grizzlies acquiring  Ed Davis  and a second-round pick from Toronto as well as Prince and Day. Frank said he was not sure when Calderon would join the Pistons. ... After yielding averages of 105.3 points, 52.3 shooting and 53.3 points in the paint in the three-game losing streak, the Pacers held Detroit to 79 points, 36.4 percent shooting and 38 points in the paint. ... Tonight marked Vogel's two-year anniversary as coach. He replaced  Jim O'Brien  on Jan. 30, 2011 and has gone 89-61. "It seems like a long time," Vogel said, "But in some ways it seems like yesterday." ...  Danny Granger  is increasing the frequency and intensity of his workouts but has not yet been cleared for full contact. Vogel said he hopes the forward, out all season with left knee tendinosis, could be in uniform before the All-Star break "but there are no guarantees." ... Hansbrough's double-double was his first of the season. ... Stephenson's 11 rebounds were a career-high. ... This was the eighth time the Pacers held an opponent to fewer than 80 points, and the 18th time an opponent has shot less than 40 percent (.364). ...  Rodney Stuckey , who stepped into the starting lineup due to the Prince trade, scored 12 points in the first quarter but just two thereafter. 
 
 UP NEXT :  For the Pacers, Friday vs. Miami, Monday vs. Chicago, Tuesday vs. Atlanta. For the Pistons, Friday vs. Cleveland, Sunday vs. L.A. Lakers, Monday at New York. 
