Notebook: Suns 121, Lakers 114 
 
 
 Mike Tulumello, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Thu Jan 16, 2014 1:00 AM - Updated Thu Jan 16, 2014 1:00 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  After the ejection of L.A.'s  Nick Young  in the second quarter, the Lakers had just eight available players -- seven of whom played (center  Robert Sacre  was a DNP-coach's decision, as the remaining Laker players mostly were big men). 
 
 THE LEAD:  The depleted Lakers are hoping for relief shortly after they finish their season-long, seven-game road trip in the hoped-for return of  Kobe Bryant . But they didn't get any relief on the start of the trip Wednesday night in Phoenix. The Suns (22-16) broke open a tight game midway through the final quarter, then cruised to a 121-114 win over the Lakers (14-25). 
 
 Gerald Green  led the Suns with a season-high 28 points.  Markieff Morris  had 24 pints, seven rebounds, four assists and zero turnovers off the bench.  Channing Frye  added 20 points and eight boards.  Goran Dragic  had 18 points, a season-high 10 rebounds and seven assists, though he also had seven turnovers. For the Lakers,  Pau Gasol  had 24 points and nine rebounds.  Wesley Johnson  added 22 points.  
 The teams had a skirmish midway through the second quarter. With the Suns leading, 36-35,  Alex Len  put a hard foul to the head of the L.A.'s Young, who was driving to the hoop. Young pushed Len, then the Suns'  Marcus Morris  pushed Young. Next, the Lakers' guard threw a forearm at the Suns' Dragic. After several minutes of reviews and discussions by referees, Young, who averages 16.6 points, and the seldom-used Len were ejected.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "It was a hard foul, and I just reacted. I got caught up in the moment like anyone would. It was a tough foul. What I'm mad about is it was 1-on-5. I felt like if somebody would have gotten in the middle it wouldn't have escalated that much."  -- L.A.'s Nick Young, complaining his Lakers' teammates didn't come to his defense in the second-quarter incident. 
 
 THE STAT:  The Suns are 9-1 this season playing at home on one day of rest. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  After the Lakers' Johnson hit a 3-pointer to tie the game, 91-91, with 9:53 left, the Suns went on an 11-2 run to take a decisive 102-93 lead. Suns guard  Ish Smith  capped the spree with a driving layup, a steal of a Gasol pass and a fast-break layup. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "First of all, he is a point guard, and we had been missing five of them. He has played well for us. He has shot the ball better than we expected. He is a great passer. He has a lot of good qualities....Everybody is trying to carve out a niche in the NBA...Right now, he's our point guard."  
 -- Lakers coach  Mike D'Antoni  on  Kendall Marshall 
 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "How did you get a dunk and I didn't get a dunk?"  
 -- Phoenix's Gerald Green to Channing Frye after the game. Green, a spectacular dunker, missed a slam when he hit his head on the backboard 
 
 
 HOT:  Green and Morris combined to shoot 21-for-32. 
 
 NOT:  The Suns hit just 4-for-19 on 3-pointers. They compensated by outscoring the Lakers, 64-48, in the paint. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  For the Lakers,  Ryan Kelly  had nine points, seven rebounds and three blocks. For the Suns, Len had two points and three rebounds.  Archie Goodwin  had two assists.  
 
 NOTABLE:  Guard  Leandro Barbosa  sat out for the Suns. After re-signing with his old team on Jan. 8, Barbosa broke through with a big game Monday at the New York Knicks. He scored 21, including 19 in the second half (eight straight in the fourth quarter) to lead the Suns to overtime, where they lost. Along the way, he injured his right shoulder. The Suns hope to have him back Friday night vs. the Nuggets...The Suns are 3-0 vs. the Lakers this season, including a road win in which Bryant played for the Lakers. The Suns have won six straight at home vs. the Lakers and four straight overall.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Friday @ Boston, Sunday @ Toronto and Monday @ Chicago. For the Suns, Friday vs. Mavericks, Sunday vs. Nuggets and Wednesday vs. Pacers.  
