  Clippers-Mavericks notebook   By Darrin Scheid, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday January 26, 2011 12:39AM THE FACTS:  Four Dallas players scored at least 20 points, led by backup point guard  J.J. Barea 's 25 and reserve shooting guard  Jason Terry 's 28, as the Mavericks cooled off the Los Angeles Clippers 112-105 at the American Airlines Center.  Blake Griffin  led the Clippers with 22 points and 11 rebounds. Point guard  Baron Davis  hit four 3-pointers and finished with 21 points for Los Angeles, which was playing without injured guard  Eric Gordon . QUOTABLE:  "I thought we got very stagnant offensively, which affected our defense, and then it kind of had a snowball effect from there. I didn't like our defense overall."   -- Clippers head coach  Vinny Del Negro THE STAT:  Los Angeles finished the game shooting 55.7 percent, but two dismal stretches in the third let the game get away. At the 9:49 point, Los Angeles led 69-58. Dallas held the Clippers without a field goal for more than three minutes to crawl within five. The Mavericks turned the defense up another notch to close the quarter. Clippers point guard Baron Davis hit a 3-pointer at the 5:05 mark. Los Angeles didn't make another field goal until nine seconds remained, and Dallas had closed the quarter on a 10-3 run to take an 81-78 lead. TURNING POINT:  Any chance the Clippers had to regain their lead was swept away by Dallas shooting early in the fourth. Barea's 3-pointer with 10:10 left made it 89-81. The teams traded baskets until  Dirk Nowitzki 's shot behind the arc gave Dallas its first double-digit advantage, 98-86. Two possessions later, Nowitzki nailed another 3-pointer to make it 103-86 with 6:33 left. QUOTABLE II:  "We started the game a little slow, and all the bench guys were talking that we had to come out with a lot of energy tonight and change the tempo, and we did that and it worked out for us."   -- Barea HOT:  Los Angeles was hot early, but Dallas reserves Terry and Barea were hotter late. The Clippers shot 67.6 percent in the first half, and their 62 points were the most given up by Dallas in a first half this season. It wasn't enough to hold off Terry and Barea, who combined to score 53 points and had 14 points in a 19-8 fourth-quarter Mavericks run. NOT:  Los Angeles was 17-for-18 from the free-throw line. Griffin was 8-for-14. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Dallas center  Tyson Chandler  had a perfect shooting night with five field goals and 11 free throws without a miss. Chandler had two rebounds to go with a season-high 21 points. It was Chandler's first 20-plus scoring night since April 2, 2008. GOOD MOVE:  The most impressive play by Griffin might have been one that didn't result in points. Griffin shot the second of two free throws with three seconds left before halftime. The ball hit high off the iron and to the right of the basket. Griffin ran to the spot, jumped high above two Mavericks defenders, grabbed the ball and got off a 19-footer that clipped the rim at the buzzer. ROOKIE WATCH:  Clippers guard  Eric Bledsoe  and forward  Al-Faroug Aminu  combined to score nine points. Aminu played 21 minutes and finished with six points and three rebounds. NOTABLE:  Dallas outscored the Clippers 18-2 in transition. ... Terry scored at least 20 points for the second time in four games. ... The Mavericks have defeated the Clippers eight consecutive times. UP NEXT:  For the Mavericks, Thursday vs. Houston, Saturday vs. Atlanta, Monday vs. Washington, For the Clippers, Wednesday @ Houston, Saturday vs. Charlotte, Monday vs. Memphis.  