Notebook: Knicks 98, Suns 96 
 
 
 Adam Zagoria, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Mon Jan 13, 2014 11:00 PM - Updated Mon Jan 13, 2014 11:00 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  New York won for the sixth time in seven games. 
 
 THE LEAD:   Carmelo Anthony  went for 29 points and 16 rebounds and  Raymond Felton  finished with 19 points as the Knicks won their fifth straight, 98-96 in overtime, against the Phoenix Suns at Madison Square Garden. 
 
 Kenyon Martin  added eight points and nine rebounds,  Andrea Bargnani  had 10 points and seven rebounds and  J.R. Smith  tallied 10 points. 
 
 Goran Dragic  led Phoenix with 28 points, eight rebounds and four assists,  Leandro Barbosa  scored 21 points and  Miles Plumlee  added 12 points and 11 rebounds. 
 The Suns have lost three straight on this road trip. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We working, we taking it one day at a a time. It's coming around for us. We gonna continue working and go from there." --  Anthony on court on the winning streak 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Knicks have held opponents to an average of 89 points over their last five games. 
 
 THE STAT II:  The Knicks committed 18 turnovers to the Suns' 10. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  After the Knicks frittered away a 14-point first-half lead, the Suns tied it at 92 with two free throws by Barbosa in the final seconds of regulation. In the extra period, the Knicks outscored the Suns, 6-4, including four by Anthony. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I thought we gave one heck of an effort. We just didn't make shots." -  Suns' coach  Jeff Hornacek 
 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "It was a total team effort tonight but it was our defense coming down the stretch that secured it." --  Knicks coach  Mike Woodson  on holding the Suns to 36 percent from the field 
 
 
 WHO'S HOT:  Anthony entered averaging 25 points, 7.2 rebounds and 4.2 assists in his last five games. He is the second-leading scorer in the NBA. 
 
 WHO'S NOT:   Channing Frye  shot 3-of-12 and went 2-for-4 from the line in the extra period. 
 
 NOTABLE:  For the Knicks, center  Tyson Chandler  (upper respiratory infection) missed his fourth straight game. "He was in the bed for a while and he's now up and around," Woodson said. "We'll see how he feels [Tuesday] and go from there." Chandler said he hopes to play limited minutes Tuesday in Charlotte. 
 
 NOTABLE II: Markieff Morris  was ejected in the second period after picking up his second technical foul. Woodson selected  Slava Kravtsov  off the bench to shoot Morris' foul shots. The Garden crowd loved it, until he made 1-of-2. 
 
 QUOTABLE IV:  "We're encouraged that we had chances to win games. ... That's what you want on the road, is opportunities." --  Hornacek 
 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:   Katie Couric ,  Mark Teixeira ,  Gerry Cooney  and  Larry David  sat courtside. 
 
 UP NEXT :  For the Knicks, Tuesday @ Charlotte, Thursday @ Indiana, Friday vs. LA Clippers. For the Suns, Wednesday vs. LA Lakers, Friday vs. Dallas, Sunday vs. Denver. 
