
 Warriors-Bulls notebook   By Kent McDill, for NBA.com Posted Thursday November 11, 2010 11:08PM THE FACTS:  The Bulls took advantage of the Warriors' road weariness and the absence of injured Golden State forward  David Lee  to record an incredibly easy 120-90 win at the United Center Thursday. The Warriors (6-3) were playing their fourth game in five nights, and the Bulls (4-3) were playing their next to last home game before heading on a two-week road trip west. QUOTABLE:  "I don't like reckless gambling. I like getting back, getting set and putting pressure on the ball. I like the contested '2', the rebound and the outlet."    -- Bulls coach  Tom Thibodeau  on Bulls getting 14 steals in the game THE STAT:  The Bulls were whistled for a team-record low seven personal fouls in the game. The Warriors were 5-for-7 from the line. TURNING POINT:   Luol Deng ,  Derrick Rose  and  Keith Bogans  directed an up-tempo style through the middle of the first quarter, turning an 8-8 game into a 20-10 game and the Warriors never recovered. HOT:  With everyone saying the Bulls have four solid starters and a shooting guard, Bogans went 6-for-10 from the field, grabbed five rebounds and had six steals, scoring in double figures for the second straight game. NOT:  Lee stated before the game he wanted to show Chicago it signed the wrong free agent forward in selecting  Carlos Boozer  over him during the summer. Instead, he sat out with a lacerated elbow from making contact with the mouth of New York's  Wilson Chandler  Wednesday. GOOD MOVE:  Thibodeau played Deng for 23 minutes in the first half and Rose for 20, and the Bulls increased their lead to 30 points, stomping out any thought of a Warrior comeback. QUOTABLE II:  "That happens in the NBA.''    -- Golden State coach  Keith Smart INSIDE THE ARENA:   Johnny Bach , the architect of the defense that helped the Bulls to six titles during the 1990s, was in attendance. The Bulls are celebrating the 20th anniversary of their first title during the 1990-91 season. NOTABLE:  Chicago center  Joakim Noah , the league leader in rebounds with 15 per game, failed to record a double-double for the first time this season. He had 17 points, seven rebounds and five assists in 33 minutes. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Saturday vs. Washington, Tuesday at Houston, Wednesday at San Antonio. For the Warriors, Saturday at Milwaukee, Monday vs. Detroit, Friday vs. New York. 
