  Notebook: Nuggets 101, Magic 74 Posted Sunday April 22, 2012 11:45PM By Michael Kelly, for NBA.com THE FACTS: JaVale McGee  had 17 points, mostly on highlight-reel dunks,  Ty Lawson  had 13 points and 10 assists and the Denver Nuggets pulled away in the second half to rout the shorthanded Orlando Magic, 101-74, on Sunday night. Danilo Gallinari  had 17 and  Arron Afflalo  scored 15 for the Nuggets, who strengthened their hold on the sixth seed in the Western Conference playoff race with two games left. Ryan Anderson  scored 24 points and pulled down nine rebounds for the Magic, who have lost three straight and 10 of 14. QUOTABLE:  "We didn't do our defensive assignments, we didn't have energy, we didn't do anything how we've been playing the past five or six games."   --  Magic guard  Jason Richardson. THE STAT:  Lawson and backup point guard  Andre Miller  combined for 21 assists, two more than the entire Orlando team. TURNING POINT:  McGee re-entered the game late in the third quarter and immediately got the crowd going by finishing off two alley-oops from Miller. It boosted the Nuggets lead to 11. They hooked up for another alley-oop early in the fourth quarter when the Nuggets started to put this one away. QUOTABLE II:  "Andre has no conscience when he throws the ball. I love it."   --  McGee. HOT:  Anderson took over for Orlando in the first half. He scored 17 points, including two 3-pointers, to help the Magic stay even at halftime. He cooled off in the second half, but part of that was he took only six shots. NOT:  The Magic bench was no help in this one. A night after producing just 10 points in a double-overtime loss at Utah, the Orlando reserves managed just 18 points against the Nuggets. GOOD MOVE:  With the grind of the playoffs ahead, and playing a tired Orlando team without  Dwight Howard , Denver head coach  George Karl  gave  Al Harrington  the night off. Harrington has been playing with torn meniscus in his right knee and the rest will help. BAD MOVE:  Orlando was burned by six alley-oop dunks and another lob pass for a layup by the 6-foot Lawson. McGee had five of the dunks and  Kenneth Faried  the other. Some came on broken plays after missed shots but the majority were half-court sets, and Orlando never adjusted. QUOTABLE II:  "Four times a guy's going to start up to set a pick and back cut for a lob? It's absurd. Some of them, when you go to help, maybe, but the ones he got just walking up and then going back for the lob -- ridiculous. Maybe it happens once and then it forces you to focus in. Not four times."   --  Orlando head coach  Stan Van Gundy , on Denver's alley-oop plays. ROOKIE WATCH:  The crowd at Pepsi Center had a scare when Faried went down after a collision with  Glen Davis  early in the third quarter. He stayed on the court for a while before walking to the bench on his own. He returned to the game in the third to cheers and finished with 11 points and 10 rebounds for his 11th double-double of the season. NOTABLE:  Orlando's last five opponents have shot 50 percent or better and topped 100 points. ... The Nuggets finished the season 16-2 against the Eastern Conference. The .889 winning percentage against the East is the best in franchise history. ... Denver outscored the Magic 64-24 in the paint. The Nuggets are 25-12 when scoring more than 50 points in the paint. UP NEXT:  For the Magic, Wednesday vs. Charlotte, Thursday @ Memphis. For the Nuggets, Wednesday @ Oklahoma City, Thursday @ Minnesota.  