  Notebook: Jazz 99, Bobcats 93 Posted Wednesday March 7, 2012 10:32PM By Derek S. Smith, for NBA.com THE FACTS:   Al Jefferson  scored a game-high 31 points and grabbed a game-best nine rebounds as the Utah Jazz won back-to-back road games for this first time this season with a 99-93 win over the Charlotte Bobcats Wednesday at Time Warner Cable Arena.  Corey Maggette  netted 25 for the Bobcats in the loss. QUOTABLE:  "We're going through [Al Jefferson]. We need him to make the right plays. He's been scoring against anybody down there and we're doing good job spacing so he can get it to us if there's a double team. Al's playing at such a high level right now. We're just feeding him and he's able to make it happen for us."   -- Jazz coach  Tyrone Corbin THE STAT:  Points in the paint. The Utah Jazz dominated the interior offensively against Charlotte. The Jazz scored 54 points in the paint on 27-for-52 shooting. In addition to the solid shooting, they grabbed 16 offensive rebounds and turned them into 35 second chance points. It was the fifth straight game in which the Jazz have scored 50 or more points in the paint against an opponent. TURNING POINT:   Devin Harris  made a 3 at the buzzer heading into the half and took all the momentum with him to the locker room. The Jazz led 51-47 at the break and then blew the game open early in the third quarter. Utah outscored Charlotte 12-2 to open the third quarter and held the Bobcats without a field goal until the 6:39 mark. HOT:  Maggette was the only offense the Bobcats got from their starters. The Charlotte forward scored 25 points on just 12 shots and added seven rebounds. Maggette was 6-for-12 from the floor and 13-for-14 from the charity stripe. He is averaging 26.0 points in his last three games and leads the Bobcats in scoring at 15.8 per game. NOT:  The Bobcats interior players.  D.J. White  and  Bismack Biyombo , who started at power forward and center, combined for four points and 11 rebounds on the night. Charlotte did get 16 points off the bench from  Byron Mullens , but most of his points came from the perimeter and not under the basket. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Jefferson has been the man of late for the Jazz. Jefferson led Utah in points, rebounds and assists for the second night in a row with 31 points, nine rebounds and five assists. The do-it-all Jefferson has averaged 25.3 points, 9.3 rebounds and 4.7 assists in the team's last three wins ROOKIE WATCH:  Charlotte rookie guard  Kemba Walker  had 19 points off the bench for the Bobcats. He was 7-for-12 from the floor with five assists, three steals and two rebounds. He has scored in double figures in each of the last three games for Charlotte and has collected 15 assists in that span. NOTABLE:  Maggette became the first Bobcat in franchise history to make at least 10 free throws in three consecutive games. He is shooting .926 from the free-throw line (38-41) during that span ... Bobcats guard Kemba Walker scored in double figures for the fourth time in six games ... Byron Mullens had a career-best five blocked shots ... Jazz center Al Jefferson recorded his third game of 30 or more points ...  Paul Millsap  scored in double figures for the 28th time this year. UP NEXT:  For the Jazz, Friday @ Philadelphia, Saturday @ Chicago and Monday vs. Detroit. For the Bobcats, Friday vs. New Jersey, Saturday @ Oklahoma City and Monday @ New Orleans.  