Notebook: Heat 105, Pacers 91 
 
 
 Zachary Paul, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Mar 10, 2013 9:50 PM - Updated Sun Mar 10, 2013 9:50 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:  The Miami Heat defeated the Indiana Pacers 105-91 Sunday at AmericanAirlines Arena.  
 It was the Heat's 18th straight victory, improving their franchise-record streak. It also now is the longest in winning streak in the NBA this season, surpassing the Los Angeles Clippers.  
 After losing the first two games in the series, the Heat dominated the Pacers in the final regular season meeting between the teams. Miami did it despite an off night from forward  LeBron James , who finished with just 13 points.  
 Guard  Mario Chalmers  scored a game-high 26 points on 7 of 9 shooting, including five 3-pointers. Center  Chris Bosh  finished with 24 points and three rebounds while guard  Dwyane Wade  added 23 points and a season-high six steals.  
 The Heat led by as many as 23 in the second half before the Pacers made a late rally. Indiana was led by  David West's  24 points.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "Our guys played more consistently to how we want to play on both ends, covered some ground defensively against a physical team. I liked the response. At least we kept it somewhere close on the glass. It was a good win and now we'll move onto the next one."   --  Heat coach  Erik Spoelstra. 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Heat shot nearly 56 percent from the field (38 of 68), making 7 of 14 from 3-point range.  
 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Heat started the second half with a 15-3 run.   
 
 HOT:  Every now and then, Chalmers turns in one of these performances. All it took was a strong start for him to produce one of his best all-around games of the season. Chalmers also had a team-high seven rebounds.   
 
 NOT:  Pacers forward  Paul George  was named an All-Star but did not play like it. He shot just 2 of 11 from the field while being frustrated by James and Wade. His poor play was the biggest reason for the Pacers' struggles.  
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Spoelstra used a variety of looks to slow George. One of them was putting Wade on him in the second half. While confusing George, it also took some of the pressure of James and allowed him to help defend in the paint.   
 
 BAD MOVE:  The Pacers had no chance with their backcourt struggling so much.  Lance Stephenson  and  George Hill  combined to shoot just 3 of 10 from the field. They were outscored by Wade and Chalmers 49-13.  
 
 NOTABLE:  The Heat improved to 29-3 at home ... Miami has beaten every team in the league for the first time in franchise history ... The Heat now hold a 8.5 games lead over the New York Knicks for the top seed in the Eastern Conference.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Tuesday vs. Hawks, Wednesday @ Sixers, Friday @ Bucks. For the Pacers, Wednesday vs. Timberwolves, Friday vs. Lakers, Saturday @ Sixers.  
