
 Jazz-Bobcats notebook   By Brian Joura, for NBA.com Posted Saturday November 13, 2010 11:04PM THE FACTS:  Just call the Jazz the comeback kids.  Deron Williams  hit a runner in the lane with 00.8 seconds remaining to lift Utah to its fourth straight victory from a double-digit second-half deficit. Playing their fourth game in five days -- all on the road -- the Jazz missed nine of their first 10 shots and trailed by as many as 19 points in the first half. But Utah patiently chipped away at the deficit and took its first lead of the game with 2:30 remaining when  Al Jefferson  completed a three-point play to give the Jazz a 92-91 edge. Jefferson, who had a team-high 19 points, pulled the Jazz within one with 45 seconds remaining with a jumper. Utah forced a miss by  D.J. Augustin  late in the shot clock and Williams, who had a rough shooting night (5-for-15), came through with the game-winner. Williams finished with 17 points and nine assists, just missing his fourth-straight double-double. QUOTABLE:  "I thought Jack guarded him as well as he could, as well as anybody could. He just made a heckuva shot." --  Bobcats coach  Larry Brown , on  Stephen Jackson 's defense on Williams' game-winner THE STAT:  Charlotte had 13 offensive rebounds, but only two came in the fourth quarter and none in the final 4:33 of the game. TURNING POINT:  The Bobcats used Jackson, a shooting guard, to defend Williams, a point guard for most of the game. Charlotte's point guard, the 6-0 Augustin moved over to defend 6-foot-5 shooting guard  Raja Bell . Utah was unable to exploit this matchup in the first half. After intermission,  C.J. Miles  saw more playing time than Bell and scored 10 points, giving the Jazz another offensive threat. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Bobcats center  Nazr Mohammed  was not much of a fantasy force this year, with season-highs of 12 points and six rebounds. But Mohammed pulled down nine boards in the first quarter alone, and finished with 22 points and 20 rebounds, the latter tying a career-high. It was Mohammed's first 20-20 game since Feb. 10, 2010. Mohammed also had season-highs in blocks (four) and assists (two).  Augustin notched his second double-double with 12 points and 10 assists. Jackson had 24 points, including five 3-pointers, and six assists. QUOTABLE II:  "When you give up 63 points in a half at home when you're in control, it's tough to overcome that. I don't care how many points you're up." --  Brown, on his team's second-half defensive problems. NOTABLE:  The Jazz shot 54 percent (22-for-41) in the second half. While he had a poor shooting game overall, Williams hit 4-of-9 after intermission while Jefferson had 17 second-half points. Conversely, Augustin was 0-for-5, Jackson was 3-for-10 and  Gerald Wallace  was 1-for-4 after the break. Only Mohammed was strong in the second half, finishing with 14 points. UP NEXT:  For the Jazz, Monday vs. Thunder, Wednesday vs. Nets, Friday vs. Spurs. For the Bobcats, Monday vs. Timberwolves, Friday @ Heat, Saturday vs. Suns. 
