  Sixers-Nuggets notebook    By Michael Kelly, for NBA.com Posted Sunday December 26, 2010 11:33PM THE FACTS: Jrue Holiday  had 22 points,  Thaddeus Young  had 20 as the Philadelphia 76ers overcame a 12-point deficit in the fourth quarter to beat the Denver Nuggets 94-89 on Sunday night. The Nuggets have lost three straight without  Carmelo Anthony  , who left the team last week following the death of his sister Tuesday. QUOTABLE : "It's not a time to get negative. We've played three really close games, we haven't won. And we could have won all three games."    -- Nuggets coach  George Karl THE STAT:  The Nuggets have been outscored by a combined122-80 in the fourth quarter of their last four games. TURNING POINT:  The Nuggets appeared to take an 86-85 lead on Arron Afflalo's short jumper with 3:03 left. An officials reviewed showed he didn't beat the shot clock and the Nuggets never led again. QUOTABLE II : "That was huge. It was a tight game and Andre (Iguodala) had played great defense on that play.    --  Elton Brand, on  the Nuggets shot clock violation. HOT:   Chauncey Billups  shot well from the floor for the second straight game and has given the Nuggets an offensive spark without Anthony in the lineup. He had 30 points Saturday at Oklahoma City and followed that with a 24-point effort against the Sixers. NOT : Iguodala battled through another tough shooting night. He went 2-for-11 against the Celtics on Wednesday and followed that up with a 3-for-12 night against the Nuggets. He was 3-for-10 from the foul line but managed to pull down eight rebounds and dish out five assists. He also played strong defense on Billups in the fourth. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Brand had 16 points and 17 rebounds for his seventh double-double in the past 12 games and 11th this season. He had seven in 76 games last year. GOOD MOVE:  Karl started  J.R. Smith  for Anthony for the second straight game and he came up with a career-high 11 rebounds. ROOKIE WATCH:  Philadelphia's  Evan Turner  had eight points on 4-for-11 shooting. NOTABLE:  The last time the Nuggets had 13 losses through 29 games was Jan. 2, 2007, when they lost to the Sixers at home. They also had won 58 straight home games when leading after three before Philadelphia beat them Sunday. UP NEXT:  For Philadelphia, Monday @ Golden State, Friday @ L.A. Lakers, Monday, Jan. 3, @ New Orleans. For Denver, Tuesday vs. Portland, Wednesday @ Minnesota, Saturday vs. Sacramento.  