  Clippers-Mavs notebook   By Darrin Scheid, for NBA.com Posted Saturday April 9, 2011 12:32AM THE FACTS:  Dallas forwards  Dirk Nowitzki  and  Corey Brewer  scored 20 points each as the Mavericks snapped a four-game losing streak with a 107-96 victory against the Los Angeles Clippers at the American Airlines Center on Friday night. The Clippers, who led until midway through the third quarter, got 29 points from guard  Mo Williams  and 23 from forward  Blake Griffin . QUOTABLE:  "We knew the Mavs were going to come out in the third quarter, and they jumped on us early. We didn't control the tempo of the game very well. I thought we took some quick shots, didn't make them work, then they got on a little bit of a run where they were getting layups after layups or easy shots."   --Clippers head coach  Vinny Del Negro THE STAT:  In the second half, Dallas shot 59.5 percent, forced 11 turnovers and beat Los Angeles on the boards 22-14. During a decisive, five-minute stretch in fourth, the Clippers managed two points. TURNING POINT:  Dallas went on a 9-0 run to turn an 89-88 lead to 98-88 with 3:24 left in the game. In that span, the Clippers had four turnovers, a charging call and missed all three field goal attempts. Griffin pitched in with two missed free throws. Another L.A. turnover and subsequent dunk by Mavericks backup center  Brendan Haywood  put the game away 103-90 at the two-minute mark. HOT:  In his second start since joining the Mavericks in early March, Brewer responded with his best game. The third-year pro scored 14 of the team's first 29 points and finished with 20 points, six rebounds, four assists, four steals and a block in 30 minutes. He was 8-for-16 from the field and perfect in four free throw attempts. NOT:  Mavericks point guards  J.J. Barea  and  Rodrigue Beaubois , getting more time while starter  Jason Kidd  rests, were 4-for-20 from the field and combined for nine assist, eight turnovers. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Williams was 10-for-18, 5-for-9 from beyond the arc, for 29 points. He dished out six assists and pulled down five rebounds. GOOD MOVE:  Dallas head coach  Rick Carlisle  inserted forward  Peja Stojakovic  into the game for the first time with 2:32 left in the third and gave Dallas a much-needed spark during a fourth-quarter run. He hit two 3-pointers early in the fourth and finished with 10 points in 11 minutes. BAD MOVE:  The Clippers scored 20 of their 35 first-quarter points in the paint, so Dallas backup center  Ian Mahinmi  entered the game early in the second quarter to try and help put a stop to that. Mahinmi picked up three fouls in 7:55. ROOKIE WATCH:  Clippers forward  Al-Farouq Aminu  scored four points and pulled down four rebounds, and guard  Eric Bledsoe  went scoreless in two minutes. Bledsoe suffered an ankle sprain and didn't play in the second half. NOTABLE:  Dallas guards  Jason Terry  and Barea had a dispute in the second quarter that resulted in Terry being sent out of the huddle and to the bench by Carlisle. Coaches, players and owner  Mark Cuban  calmed Terry while he was sitting down until the situation was under control...The seven assists for Nowitzki is a season high. Nowitzki recorded his 50th 20-point game of the season. UP NEXT:  For the Mavericks, Sunday vs. Suns, Monday @ Rockets, Wednesday vs. Hornets. For the Clippers, Saturday @ Rockets, Wednesday vs. Grizzlies.  