  Notebook: Bulls 98, Hawks 77 Posted Thursday March 29, 2012 12:05AM By Matt Winkeljohn, for NBA.com     THE FACTS:  No  Derrick Rose , no problem for the Bulls. No rest, big problem for the Hawks. Chicago's ailing point guard missed his eighth straight game because of a groin strain Wednesday, but his teammates didn't appear to miss him while once again proving that even when the NBA's reigning MVP is absent, the Bulls are pretty darned good. The Bulls hit their first seven 3-point shots,  Luol Deng  scored 22 points and  Carlos Boozer  added 20 in a 98-77 dismantling of the weary Hawks in Atlanta that left Chicago 13-5 without Rose, including 7-1 during his latest sabbatical. The Hawks, playing their fifth game in six days, and sixth game in eight -- including an overtime game one week ago and a four-overtime game on Sunday -- lost their second straight contest after a four-game winning streak. Deng made all three of his 3-point shots in the first half, when Chicago's only miss in eight trey tries came at the buzzer before intermission. The Bulls, who were smoked 108-91 by the Nuggets on Monday in Chicago, out-scored Atlanta 33-19 in the second period. As Chicago missed a string of jump shots in the first four minutes of the third quarter, the Hawks warmed a bit to pull within 56-52. But Deng would add a couple more treys over the remainder of the period to finish the game with five, and the Bulls won the period from there 20-8 for a 76-60 lead. The lead dropped below 15 points for just a few seconds in the middle of the fourth period, to 13. Josh Smith  scored 19 points for the Hawks, but he and most of his teammates fell below recent averages as their legs often seemed leaden. Smith made just 8-of-21 shots.  Joe Johnson  scored a quiet 12 points, and while  Jeff Teague  pitched in 13 it took him 14 shots to do it. He missed nine. QUOTABLE:  "The thing we did tonight was respond well in the second quarter. We didn't hold our heads down, like we did Monday night. I don't let missing shots phase me because I know I can knock them down so I just kept shooting. Our big guys did a good job on screens ... and we did a really good job on Joe Johnson. He's a great player, but tonight we were able to stay with him."   -- Luol Deng, who finished two points shy of his season high of 24 points. Atlanta led 23-21 after one quarter. THE STATS:  The Chicago bench out-scored Atlanta's reserves 37-23, out-rebounded the Hawks' subs 18-11 and mustered 10 assists to the Hawks' two. Hawks coach  Larry Drew  cut the minutes of his starters, finally, but it didn't matter much. What the front-liners couldn't do effectively, the subs weren't much better at, either. Beyond former starter  Marvin Williams , who scored 10 points on 5-for-9 shooting, the Hawks' bench went 5-for-14. W illie Green  got more run (21:27) than usual, but made just 1-of-6 shots, and  Tracy McGrady  went scoreless for the sixth straight game (two in which he did not play) in a modest 4:38. Chicago subs  Taj Gibson  (19 points, six rebounds) and  John Lucas III  (10 points, five assists) were far more effective. TURNING POINT:  The Hawks led 23-21 after one quarter, and then the Bulls started firing away. They hit all five 3-pointers in the second quarter until Lucas missed at the buzzer and made 12-of-18 shots in the period (and all four free throws).  Kyle Korver  keyed the period, scoring 10 points, as Chicago out-scored the Hawks 33-13 until Atlanta scored the final six points of the quarter. QUOTABLE II:  "We couldn't get anything going. They were here waiting on us, fresh. It just wasn't our game."   -- Josh Smith, regarding the Hawks having played (and lost) Tuesday night in Milwaukee while the Bulls were idle. HOT:  In just 15:14, Chicago reserve center  Omer Asik  had six rebounds. He's averaged 6.7 over the past six while playing an average of about 16 minutes. ... After making 8-of-13 shots, Boozer has put together a three-game stretch of 26-for-41 shooting (68.3 percent). ... Marvin Williams has scored in double figures in five straight games since missing time with a hip flexor. He's averaged 12.2 in that time while grabbing 5.8 rebounds and making 24-of-47 shots (51.1 percent). NOT: Ronnie Brewer  has made just 6-of-21 shots (28.6 percent) in the past three games. He made 2-of-7 Wednesday. ... After a torrid two-week stretch, Joe Johnson has scored 11 and 12 points in the past two games. He averaged 12.8 points against the Bulls this season, nearly seven below his average for the season. NOTABLE:  Chicago is 23-0 when holding opponents to less than 90 points. ... The Bulls lead the NBA in road wins with a record of 21-6 away from home. ... The Bulls won the season series against Atlanta, 3-1. ... Hawks sub small forward  Vladimir Radmanovic  missed his third straight game with a tight back. . . . The Bulls are optimistic that  Rip Hamilton  will play Friday against his former team, the Pistons, after missing 12 straight games with a shoulder sprain. Chicago coach  Tom Thibodeau  said Hamilton's done well while taking contact the past two days. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Friday vs. Detroit, Sunday @ Oklahoma City, Monday vs. Houston. For the Hawks, Friday vs. New York, Saturday @ Philadelphia, Wednesday vs. Charlotte.  