  Heat-Wizards notebook   By Rich Dubroff, for NBA.com  Posted Saturday December 18, 2010 11:04PM THE FACTS: Dwayne Wade 's two free throws with 7.9 seconds remaining enabled the Miami Heat to win their 12th straight, 95-94 over the Washington Wizards on Saturday night. The Heat overcame a four-point deficit with 18.4 seconds left. The Wizards had a chance to win it when  Kirk Hinrich  drove to the basket with about a second to play, threw up a shot and made contact with  LeBron James  and  Chris Bosh.   No foul was called. James had 32 points. Bosh and Wade had 20 for Miami. Washington, which traded  Gilbert Arenas  to Orlando for  Rashard Lewis  earlier on Saturday, lost for the seventh straight time.  Nick Young  had 30 and  Andray Blatche  had 20 for the Wizards. QUOTABLE:  "We played a horrible basketball game," Miami coach  Eric Spoelstra . THE STAT:  The 12 straight wins tie the Heat's second longest winning streak in history. They last won 12 in a row from Feb. 26-Mar. 19, 2005. TURNING POINT : Young losing the ball and fouling  James Jones  with 13.6 seconds to play. Jones hit two free throws to tie the game at 93. It was the first time in the fourth quarter Miami didn't trail. QUOTABLE II:  "You have crazy games throughout the NBA seasons, and I was glad to be on the winning end."     - James on the Heat's unlikely win.      HOT:  Young, who Wizards president  Ernie Grunfeld  singled out before the game as the most likely to benefit from the Arenas trade, started and nearly led Washington to its biggest win of the season. He was 13-for-23 from the field. NOT : Wade in the fourth quarter. His two decisive free throws were enough for the win, but he missed all six of his field goal attempts. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  After not playing for nearly nine months, Forward  Josh Howard  returned for Washington and had 13 points in 22 minutes. Maybe a good pickup?. GOOD MOVE:  Spoelstra not conceding the game. After six games in nine days, it might have been tempting to rest some of his money players in the fourth quarter, but he didn't?and it paid off. BAD MOVE:  The no-foul call on Hinrich. Hinrich thought he was fouled. The Heat didn't. ROOKIE WATCH:   John Wall  was sidelined for the third straight game with tendinitis in his right knee. He's missed 10 of Washington's 25 games with a variety of injuries. Wizards  Trevor Booker  had two points in eight minutes. The Heat don't play rookies. IN THE ARENA : Well, Gilbert Arenas wasn't. Washington Nationals third baseman  Ryan Zimmerman  was. Arenas is scheduled to be back with Orlando on Feb. 4. NOTABLE:  The Heat winning despite James and Wade missing nine of 11 from the field in the fourth quarter. Bosh did hit all three of his field goal attempts, and now a fun week awaits Miami. UP NEXT : Heat: Monday vs. Mavericks, Thursday @ Suns, Saturday @ Lakers Wizards: Monday vs. Bobcats, Wednesday vs. Bulls, Sunday @ Spurs  