  Notebook: Celtics 98, Grizzlies 80   By Brian Robb, for NBA.com Posted Sunday February 5, 2012 4:21PM THE FACTS:   Kevin Garnett  tied his season-high with 24 points, as the Boston Celtics cruised to their third straight win with a 98-80 victory over the Memphis Grizzlies.  Paul Pierce  chipped in a balanced line with 21 points, six rebounds, and six assists as Boston has appeared to hit its stride, winning eight of its last nine games overall. The C's effort was highlighted by their defense, as they limited Memphis all night around the basket holding the Grizz to just 36.8 percent shooting, and just 34 points in the paint. Keyed by Garnett's 15 points after halftime, Boston's offense rounded into form with 55 second half points overall, allowing the C's to take complete command of the contest in fourth quarter.  Rudy Gay  had 21 points and seven rebounds for Memphis, as they have now dropped six of their last eight games. QUOTABLE:  "Defense is key the last three weeks for us. Our guys have bought into it. To see everybody talking --that's nice from a coach standpoint when you can hear all the talking. It can't get better than that."   --  Doc Rivers THE STAT:  Memphis usually prides itself on its defense, but the Grizzlies struggled to get back defensively early and often Sunday and the Celtics made them pay for it. Boston finished with a season-high 26 fast break points, a number head coach  Lionel Hollins  called the key to the game. TURNING POINT:  A quick 7-0 spurt by the Celtics over a minute stretch early in the fourth quarter pushed Boston's lead to 13. After the outburst, Memphis was unable to get the deficit below double-digits over the final nine minutes of the contest QUOTABLE II:  "We just played terrible in transition, they got too many opportunities. Rondo pushed the ball and found guys in the open court and was able to get them going early. It's tough to come back from that."   --  Mike Conley HOT: Chris Wilcox  -- The veteran big man went a perfect 5-of-5 from the field Sunday, providing Boston with a major spark off the bench. Wilcox was especially effective early on, as he tallied 10 of his 12 points in the first quarter. The reserve center also finished with five rebounds in an extremely efficient 11 minutes of action. NOT: Marc Gasol  -- The Grizzlies looked to their Spanish center early and often against the Celtics, but Boston's vaunted defense kept him frustrated all afternoon. Gasol had six of his season-high seven turnovers in the first half, and managed just seven points on 3-of-14 shooting in a effort reflective. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Garnett -- The former All-Star had his best all-around game of the season with nine rebounds to go along with his 24 points. QUOTABLE III:  "When I walk around the streets, you all can stop acting like you're shocked that I can shoot three's. Everybody in Boston, everybody in the world, everybody in Minnesota, LA, wherever I'm at, Concord, Lexington, Burlington. I can shoot three's. Let that go. I can shoot three's."   -- Garnett on hitting 3-pointers in three consecutive games. ROOKIE WATCH: JaJuan Johnson  -- The former Purdue star made the most of his extended opportunity on the floor with  Brandon Bass  sidelined with a knee injury. Johnson had 10 points and four rebounds in a career high 22 minutes. NOTABLE: Tony Allen  was a very late scratch for Memphis with a sore knee and hip.  Sam Young  started in his place. Bass is day-to-day with sore left knee. He told reporters he planned on playing Tuesday night against Charlotte. ... With his 21 points, Pierce is now just nine points short of tying  Larry Bird  for second place on the Celtics all-time scoring list. ... After missing their first nine 3-point attempts, Boston heated up, hitting seven of their final 11 shots from beyond the arc. ...  Marquis Daniels  (ankle) and  Keyon Dooling  (hip) also did not dress for Boston. ... The Grizzlies had assists on just 13 of their 32 field goals. Boston moved the ball extremely well offensively, finishing with 28 assists as a team on 36 field goals.  Rajon Rondo  tied a season-high with 14 assists. ... The victory was Boston's first over a Western Conference this season. Prior to Sunday, the C's had dropped games against New Orleans, Dallas, Oklahoma City, and Phoenix. UP NEXT:  For the Grizzlies, Monday vs. San Antonio, Wednesday vs. Minnesota, Friday vs. Indiana. For the Celtics, Tuesday vs. Charlotte, Thursday vs. LA Lakers, Friday @ Toronto  