  Notebook: Wolves 108, Nets 105   By Adam Figman, for NBA.com Posted Friday February 3, 2012 11:26PM THE FACTS:  In the final moment of a tight back-and-forth tilt highlighted by career nights from  Anthony Morrow  (42 points, seven 3-pointers) and  Nikola Pekovich  (27 points, 11 rebounds), the Minnesota Timberwolves squeaked out a 108-105 victory over the New Jersey Nets. With one last chance to tie things up as the fourth quarter buzzer approached,  Deron Williams  fumbled away his squad's last possession and the Nets' chances of a victory with it. QUOTABLE:  "We were up and down. The last minutes we were up, which were the most important minutes."   -- Timberwolves point guard  Ricky Rubio THE STAT:  A pair of noteworthy career-highs: Morrow's 42 and Pekovic's 27 points. With the Nets worn down by injuries and Minnesota big man  Kevin Love  (20 points off 5-for-16) playing and finishing beneath his statistical averages, these two unexpectedly carried their teams through the contest's tight third and fourth quarters, taking constant advantage of top-notch passes from point guards Williams and Rubio, respectively. TURNING POINT:  Six clutch Minnesota free throws -- four from  Luke Ridnour , two from  J.J. Barea  -- kept the Nets at (a very, very short) arm's reach in the final 30 seconds. A couple of misses and New Jersey may have been able to jump ahead and steal the win. HOT:  With rookie shooting guard  MarShon Brooks  sidelined with a broken toe, Morrow returned from a one-game absence without missing a beat. He followed up his Jan. 31 28-point performance with an incredible effort, putting in 42 while shooting 13-for-20 and dropping eight 3-pointers. The swingman's timely four-point play in the closing minute gave the Nets one last glimpse of hope before they were handed their fate not long thereafter. QUOTABLE II:  "This win was definitely a character builder because they learn what they learn what they have to do down the stretch of games. The Nets have a lot of injuries but Morrow had it going and Deron Williams is a handful, Give our guys credit, they withstood it."   -- Timberwolves coach  Rick Adelman GOOD MOVE:  Morrow was listed as "probable" coming into the night -- safe to say his decision to give a go (and his coach's decision to start him) were for the better. BAD MOVE:  Before tipoff, Johnson said the Nets would need to take extra good care of the ball, because Rubio's quick hands tend to cause deflections, leading to take-aways and turnovers. His guys did just the opposite, allowing the point guard to rack up 6 steals through his 37 minutes of play. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Red-and-yellow flags dotted the Prudential Center, a reminder that the Spanish fan favorite Rubio was in town. NOTABLE:  The Nets decided to bus into New York City and stay in a Manhattan hotel Friday night, electing to cross the river and settle in immediately instead of traveling to Madison Square Garden early Saturday afternoon. UP NEXT:  For the Nets, Saturday @ New York, Monday vs. Chicago, Wednesday vs. Detroit. For the Timberwolves, Saturday vs. Houston, Tuesday vs. Sacramento, Wednesday @ Memphis.  