Notebook: Rockets 110, Raptors 104 (2OT) 
 
 
 Matt Miller, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Nov 12, 2013 12:56 AM - Updated Tue Nov 12, 2013 12:56 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  Including Monday's performance, Houston Rockets center  Dwight Howard  has averaged 24.5 points on better than 60-percent shooting over his last 19 meetings with the Toronto Raptors.  
 
 THE LEAD: Jeremy Lin  did not let the flu bug take a bite out of his game in the Rockets' 110-104 double-overtime victory over the Raptors on Monday at Toyota Center. 
 Lin, who is battling flu-like symptoms, turned in a sensational effort and finished with 31 points on 10-for-17 shooting to help Houston (5-3) snap a two-game skid. Howard added a double-double of 18 points and 24 rebounds to go with five blocks, while  James Harden  (26 points, 10 assists) registered the sixth 20-point, 10-assist performance of his career. 
 
 Rudy Gay  paced the Raptors (3-5), who have lost four of their last five games, with 29 points on 37 field-goal attempts and 10 boards.  Jonas Valanciunas  recorded a double-double of 10 points and 13 rebounds before fouling out with about three minutes left to play in regulation.  DeMar DeRozan  netted 22 points despite missing 19 shots.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "Midway through the third ... I got a couple shots to go down, and everything just slowed down. ... I didn't really do a great job of getting everybody involved today, but they did a great job of finding me." 
 
 -- Lin 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Houston's defenders clogged the interior and did not allow the Raptors to earn much around the basket, as seven different Rockets combined for 14 blocks. Toronto connected on just 34.4 percent (21-for-61) of its shot attempts in the paint and missed 78 shots overall. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Rockets appeared to be on their way to a comfortable victory, leading 80-66 with 8:32 remaining in the fourth quarter, but another meltdown soon ensued. Seven of Houston's next eight possessions ended in either a turnover or a missed shot, which opened space on the floor for the Raptors to get easy looks and put together a 14-2 run that closed the gap to 82-80. The teams traded punches in the closing minutes, but the game went to overtime knotted at 87 after Gay and Harden each misfired on mid-range jumpers that would have given their respective club the lead in the final minute. The see-saw affair continued in the first extra session until the Rockets finally gained a bit of separation when Lin finished a lay-in in traffic to give Houston a 95-92 advantage. With  Chandler Parsons  draped on him, Gay answered Lin's bucket with a game-tying trey to force double overtime.  
 
 TURNING POINT II:  Terrence Jones  scored on a put-back after Howard snatched a Harden miss, and Lin gave Houston a 108-104 lead on a strong drive to the hoop with 33 seconds remaining. Lin's bucket came after Toronto wasted two scoring chances from inside five feet, epitomizing exactly what went wrong for the Raptors on this evening. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I told our guys, 'It will come around for us.' ... You can just feel it. We are not hitting stride." 
 
 -- Rockets coach  Kevin McHale 
 
 
 HOT:  Lin kept the Rockets' offense afloat in the third and fourth periods as it struggled mightily against the Raptors' zone defense. The 6-foot-3 point guard, who scored 26 of his 31 points after halftime, relentlessly drove into the teeth of the opposition and broke the zone with several layups and trips to the foul line. 
 
 NOT:  DeRozan was plagued by poor finishing around the rim, as the fifth-year player could not convert on several opportunities from within a few feet of the basket. The Toronto shooting guard, who nailed only six of 25 field-goal attempts Monday, shot worse than 36 percent from the field for the fourth consecutive contest. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  After Howard terrorized  Dwane Casey 's squad for 17 points and 11 rebounds in the first half, the Raptors coach elected to switch to a zone defense. The decision worked beautifully for a while for Toronto, which forced 15 turnovers after halftime while watching the Rockets clank their share of long-range shot attempts.  
 
 BAD MOVE:  A young group like the Raptors thrives when it works the ball around the court and shares the load offensively. Toronto, however, found itself stymied by the Rockets' stingy defense and became too isolation-heavy. The Raptors, who finished with only 10 assists on 114 shot attempts, fell to 1-5 this season when they dish out fewer dimes than their opponent.   
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "We had 30 more [shot] attempts than Houston. How many times have you seen that? We just have to make shots." 
 
 -- Casey on Toronto's 38-for-114 shooting effort 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  Houston played without reserve forward  Francisco Garcia , who sat out with flu-like symptoms. Several of Garcia's teammates, including Harden and Howard, have also been hindered by the bug. ... For the first time this season, McHale did not begin a half with  Omer Asik  and Howard on the floor together. Instead, Houston began the third quarter with the frontcourt pairing of Howard and Jones. ... Toronto reserve forward  Steve Novak  missed Monday's contest with a stiff back. ... Howard has shot 41-for-87 (47.1 percent) at the free-throw line this season. ... The Rockets played suffocating defense in the second period, limiting the Raptors to only 13 points on 4-for-23 shooting (18.2 percent). ... Houston's victory marked its seventh straight win over Toronto at Toyota Center and the 13th consecutive win for the host in the series between these teams. ... The Raptors fell to 0-5 this season when trailing after three quarters, while Houston improved to 4-0 when leading after three.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Raptors: Wednesday @ Memphis, Friday vs. Chicago, Sunday vs. Portland. For the Rockets: Wednesday @ Philadelphia, Thursday @ New York, Saturday vs. Denver. 
