Notebook: Suns 103, Nuggets 99 
 
 
 Mike Kelly, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Dec 21, 2013 1:13 AM - Updated Sat Dec 21, 2013 1:13 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  Denver led by 21 before losing. It is the largest blown lead in a home loss since Golden State beat them on Nov. 29, 2002. 
 
 THE LEAD: Markieff Morris  scored 25 points,  Gerald Green  had 19 points and eight rebounds and the Phoenix Suns rallied in the second half to stun the Denver Nuggets 103-99 on Friday night. 
 
 Goran Dragic  chipped in with 17 points and  Marcus Morris  had 14 for the Suns, who trailed by as many as 21 in the first half before coming back to win. 
 
 J.J. Hickson  had 13 points and a game-high 14 rebounds for Denver, which has dropped three of four. 
 The Nuggets led 76-59 with 5:21 left in the third quarter but were outscored 44-23 the rest of the way.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We sensed we could win the game, even though we were down 21. There was no point where we thought we were going to lose. We knew something had to change and it did."  
 -- Gerald Green 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Phoenix bench outscored Denver's 64-34. The Nuggets are 0-5 when the opponent's reserves outscore their reserves. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Nuggets led 60-39 late in the second quarter but allowed the Suns to cut the lead to 14 heading into halftime. Phoenix went to the locker room feeling the deficit was manageable and then came out and proved it. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "When we got down 14 at halftime we talked about how we weren't playing with the right effort. Everybody loses games but it's embarrassing to be down by 20 in the first half."  
 -- Markieff Morris 
 
 
 HOT:  Green kept the Suns in the game in the third quarter with his hot shooting. He hit four 3-pointers in the period and scored 12 points. His six 3-pointers tied a career high. 
 
 NOT:  Denver squandered possessions with the game on the line. Down by one,  Darrell Arthur  lost the ball out of bounds and  Wilson Chandler  was called for an offensive foul. The Nuggets managed to take a one-point lead with 2:50 remaining but  Ty Lawson  and Hickson then committed turnovers and the Nuggets missed four of their last five shots. They also used their last timeout with 5:46 left. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "We had to burn our timeouts. In a couple situations I was trying to stop the bleeding as I felt this whole thing coming on. It's my fault. I mismanaged the game."  
 -- Nuggets coach  Brian Shaw 
 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Markieff Morris was strong on the block and from the foul line. He hit 6-for-14 shots and was 11-for-15 on free throws.  
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Suns coach  Jeff Hornacek  put speedy guard  Ish Smith  in to start the fourth quarter and he gave his team a spark. They trailed by 10 at the start of the period and by one when he checked out. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "I know it's still early but you can't let games slip like this."  
 -- Denver guard  Randy Foye 
 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Nuggets guard  Nate Robinson  was whistled for a technical foul after going over to the Suns bench at the start of a timeout midway through the second quarter.  
 
 NOTABLE:  Nuggets forward  Jordan Hamilton  served a one-game suspension for throwing a punch at Oklahoma City's  Steven Adams  on Tuesday. ... Markieff Morris is averaging 26.5 points in two games against Denver this season. ... The win tonight was just the fifth road win for either team in the series dating back to the 2006-07 season. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Suns, Saturday vs. Dallas, Monday vs. L.A. Lakers, Friday @ Golden State. For the Nuggets, Saturday @ L.A. Clippers, Monday vs. Golden State, Friday at New Orleans. 
