Notebook: Nets 104, Celtics 96 
 
 
 Jake Appleman, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Dec 10, 2013 11:31 PM - Updated Tue Dec 10, 2013 11:31 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  A season-high 25 points from  Deron Williams  in his return from a sprained ankle and an efficient 24 from  Brook Lopez  propelled the remodeled Nets to their first two-game winning streak.  
 
 THE LEAD:  Unlike most things so far this season, the reunion of  Kevin Garnett ,  Paul Pierce  and the Boston Celtics played out similar to preseason expectations. With replenished depth and on-target shooting, the Nets held off the Celtics 104-96 at Barclays Center. Williams' penetration opened new options up on offense while  Alan Anderson  (15 points) played well in starting for Pierce. The league's worst at defending the 3-point shot, the Nets still allowed the Celtics to shoot 50 percent (11-for-22) from distance, but otherwise managed to outperform the visitors.  Gerald Wallace  (2 points) and  Kris Humphries  (4 points) had quiet games against the team that traded them to the Celtics.  
 
 THE STAT:  The Nets set a season high by shooting 55.7 percent from the field.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Celtics began the third quarter on a 13-4 run to tie the game at 60, before the Nets reeled off 10 straight points to both take back control of the game and make sure they wouldn't be done in by another horrific third quarter performance.   
 
 QUOTABLE:  "Obviously we wanted to come here and play well, but it will always be a special place in my heart when I face the green." 
 -- Garnett, on facing the Celtics  
 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We're starting to get whole." 
 -- Williams 
 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "I think if you look at the last couple of games, we have gotten off to a great start and we didn't do that tonight. We let them get going; we kind of settled in the first half and found ourselves in a hole in the second half." -- Wallace 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  Pierce and Garnett received extra cheers from a crowd sprinkled with loud Celtics fans. Per NBA arena custom, Humphries was booed. 
 
 
 NOTABLE:   Also dealt from the Nets to the Celtics,  MarShon Brooks  and  Keith Bogans  didn't play, while  Jason Terry , sent back the other way, sat out with a bruised left knee. ....  Joe Johnson  (7 points) was surprised it was the Nets' first two-game winning streak. "You just have to smile or chuckle at it," he said. .... The Nets outscored the Celtics in the paint 48-30.   
 
 UP NEXT : For the Celtics, Wednesday vs. Clippers, Friday vs. Knicks, Monday vs. Minnesota. For the Nets, Thursday vs. L.A. Clippers, Friday @ Detroit, Monday vs. Philadelphia. 
