  Notebook: Spurs 102, Suns 91   By Tim Price, for NBA.com Posted Monday January 16, 2012 1:06AM THE FACTS :  Tim Duncan's  move past  Larry Bird  and  Gary Payton  on the all-time scoring list was more than just ornamental this week, and he had the best game of the season with 24 points and 11 rebounds in the Spurs' 102-91 victory over Phoenix on Sunday at AT&T Center. Duncan is in 26th place on the career scoring list, moving past Payton tonight and now with 21,829 points in his 15th season. He passed Bird two games back. San Antonio (9-4) also got 17 points and nine assists from  Tony Parker . San Antonio is undefeated at home, but they remain winless on the road this season and start a two-game trip Tuesday at Miami followed the next night in Orlando. The Suns (4-8) have lost four straight, but they got strong games from  Marcin Gortat  (24 points, 15 rebounds) and  Steve Nash  (20 points, 10 assists). QUOTABLE:  "I worked all this summer trying to extend my range jump shot a little bit. It's been up and down so far, but it was great tonight. They (the Suns) got a little too close to comfort, but we were able to close it out."    -- Duncan, who hit a number of key shots from past 15 feet tonight THE STAT:  The Spurs just shot better and controlled the game to the point that they got to the free-throw line more. They almost hit 50 percent from the floor (40-of-81) and had nine more trips to the line, limiting a foul shooter like Nash to just two free-throw attempts. The Suns were four percentage points below their season average from the floor (39-of-91, almost 42 percent) and were outscored 17-10 from the foul line. TURNING POINT:  There was a second on the shot clock with San Antonio inbounding with a five-point lead and five minutes to go. Yet Parker got the ball in cleanly and Duncan got off a 15-footer than went in over a late-arriving  Channing Frye  for a basket and a 94-87 lead. Frye had just come in for rookie  Markieff Morris  less than a minute earlier, and he'd go back out for Morris not two minutes later. The Spurs outscored Phoenix 8-4 the rest of the way. QUOTABLE II:  "It was a challenge (playing against Duncan). I don't think I was really focused today. (Duncan) got me a couple of times on the pump fake and I fouled him. I had worse games against him, so I would say it was a decent game against him today. I tried to be aggressive, put the ball on the ground and run up and down because I knew Tim Duncan couldn't keep up with me. I tried to make him tired."    -- Gortat HOT:  Duncan's 10-of-14 is not out of the normal for him lately. He hit 9-of-12 against Milwaukee last week. NOT:  In addition to his late defensive lapse on the inbounds to Duncan, Frye couldn't hit his shot. He finished 0-of-7 including all three of his 3-pointers. Frye had been one of Phoenix's best shooters of late, going 24-of-37 (65 percent) better than 50 percent (11-of-20) from the 3-point line the last four games. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Duncan (24-11 and also four assists) had his double-double just 6:45 after halftime. It's his third double-double of the season but his second in the last three games. Gortat (24-15) actually had a subpar shooting night, his 11-of-20 well below his league-leading .633 shooting percentage heading into this one. He's scored in double digits nine of the past 10 games. GOOD MOVE:  Spurs coach  Gregg Popovich  had rookie  Cory Joseph  leading the team at point guard from 1:52 left in the third quarter (San Antonio led by 10), and he didn't blink on putting Parker back into the game until Suns coach  Alvin Gentry  moved first on the Phoenix bench with Nash's return. That happened with 7:21 to go and the Spurs leading by seven. With the rest, Parker immediately connected with Duncan, who knocked down a 15-footer. BAD MOVE:  The Suns could have done some damage with the inexperienced Joseph on the floor. Yet  Ronnie Price  failed to follow his nine 3-ball that cut the Spurs leads to six. The next trip down the floor, with a chance to cut it to at least four, Price dribbled the ball away and watched Joseph pick up the loose ball. Joseph was headed in for a sure layup the other way until  Robin Lopez  was called for a foul that sent Joseph to the line. Lopez was fortunate he was not called for a clear-path foul. ROOKIE WATCH:   Kawhi Leonard  had his third-straight start and hit 4-of-8 for 12 points and had eight rebounds. He also seemed more willing with the three, knocking 2-of-4 from past the arc. Morris had another strong game, though it would have helped if he'd have stayed out of foul trouble (four). He hit 6-of-10 shots and scored 14 points in 25 minutes. He was 2-of-6 from past the 3-point line. Joseph, getting his most significant action with almost 13 minutes, had one assist and two steals with no turnovers, and he scored a point from the foul line. Malcolm Thomas , called up last week from the D-League by San Antonio, missed the game due to gastroenteritis. NOTABLE:  With  Gary Neal  hobbled by a right quadriceps contusion (he was injured in the first half), the Spurs had no one to turn to other than Joseph as the backup point guard. He's very wet behind the ears: He's already spent a week at D-League Austin and had been averaging less than five minutes in five games coming into tonight. No timetable has been announced for Neal, who was moving from shooting guard to backup point with  T.J. Ford  out more than a month with a left hamstring tear. ... Though he has moved up two spots on the career scoring list in less than a week, it should be a while before another career milestone for Duncan. He's 366 points behind  Clyde Drexler  (22,195) for 25th place. ... The Spurs evened up the all-time series with Phoenix with the win (72-72), and now there's only one team -- the Lakers -- with a lead over the Spurs in an all-time series. ... This was the first of a five-game road trip for the Suns, who don't play in Phoenix again until Jan. 24 (the opponents all made the playoffs last season and includes current division leaders San Antonio and Chicago). ...  Hakim Warrick  was whistled for a technical foul by  Leroy Richardson  for arguing when the teams were walking off for a timeout late in the first half. UP NEXT:  For the Suns, Tuesday @ Chicago, Wednesday @ New York, Friday @ Boston. For the Spurs, Tuesday @ Miami, Wednesday @ Orlando, Friday vs. Sacramento.  