  76ers-Bulls notebook   By Kent McDill, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday December 21, 2010 11:06PM THE FACTS:  Whatever had been working for the Philadelphia 76ers recently didn't work Tuesday.  Derrick Rose  and  Luol Deng  each scored 22 points and the Bulls shot 64.5 percent for the game on the way to a 121-76 victory over the visiting 76ers. After taking a 61-43 lead at halftime, the Bulls outscored the 76ers 31-11 in the third quarter. Andrea Iguodala had 17 points and Thaddeus Young had 12 points as the only double-figure scorers for Philadelphia. THE FACTS II : The Bulls, who are 6-6 on the road this season, play the next three games away from home, a trip highlighted by a Christmas Day game against the New York Knicks. QUOTABLE:  "I knew in the first three minutes of the game we had no juice. I don't know if it was a couple of nights in between games in the same city and guys, at this time of year where you are out Christmas shopping and getting stuff taken care of, they jumped all over us."    -- Philadelphia coach  Doug Collins THE STAT:  The 76ers entered the game as the No. 2 team in the league in defensive field goal percentage at 43.6 percent. The Bulls shot at least 61 percent in each quarter Tuesday, and shot 70 percent in the third quarter. TURNING POINT:  The opening tip, with  Kurt Thomas  on the floor in place of  Taj Gibson , who started the last game in place of injured center  Joakim Noah . Gibson was held out of the game after suffering a concussion in the Bulls' home loss to the Clippers Saturday. Thomas provided 12 points, eight rebounds and five blocked shots in almost 28 minutes of playing time. HOT: Ronnie Brewer,  who comes off the bench at shooting guard for the Bulls, had nine points, three rebounds, two steals and a blocked shot in a tremendous all-around performance. He also had zero turnovers in 27 minutes of playing time. NOT: Elton Brand , the former No. 1 pick of the Bulls, was two for nine from the field for six points, although he had nine rebounds. QUOTABLE II:  "He's been doing it for 100 years."    - Bulls coach  Tom Thibodeau  on veteran center  Kurt Thomas. NOTABLE:  Bulls forward  Luol Deng , who ranks in the top 10 in the league in average minutes played, was 10 for 14 Tuesday in a game-high 33 minutes played. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, @ Washington Wednesday, at New York Saturday, at Detroit Sunday. For the 76ers, @ Boston Wednesday, @ Denver Sunday, @ Golden State Monday.  