  Knicks-Cavaliers notebook   By Adam Zagoria, for NBA.com Posted Friday March 4, 2011 11:24PM THE FACTS: Anthony Parker  and  Baron Davis  hit back-to-back 3-pointers to cap a 24-8 fourth-quarter run and the Cavaliers overcame a 12-point deficit in the final seven minutes to beat the Knicks for the third time this season, 119-115, at Madison Square Garden. The win snapped a 26-game road losing streak for Cleveland, which owns the NBA's worst record. Amar'e Stoudemire  tied his season-high with 41 points for the Knicks. QUOTABLE:  "It's a tough loss. I don't want to say it's embarrassing but it is a tough loss knowing that we went out there in Cleveland and lost a game to them [Feb 25]. Knowing how important it is to take care of homecourt. And to lose to them guys tonight it's a tough one to fathom."    -- Carmelo Anthony THE STAT:  After scoring six points through three quarters in his Cavs' debut, Davis had 12 in the final period, including two 3-pointers, with the 6-11  Jared Jeffries  guarding him. Davis entered the game with a sore left knee and head coach  Byron Scott  said he only planned to play him 20-25 minutes. Davis finished with 18 points and five assists in 26 minutes. TURNING POINT:  With the Cavaliers up 117-115, Anthony drove to the basket on an isolation play and was whistled for a charge on rookie  Samardo Samuels  with 1.8 seconds remaining. It was the third charge of the game Samuels drew and the second in the fourth quarter on Anthony. QUOTABLE II:  "I guess it was an offensive foul. He called it. I didn't want to settle for a jump shot at that time. I saw a clear path. The guy came and stepped in and took a big charge on his behalf."    -- Anthony HOT:  After putting up career-highs of 23 points and 10 rebounds in his first career start against San Antonio, Samuels, the former Louisville and Newark (N.J.) St. Benedict's Prep standout, finished with 15 points and six rebounds. NOT: Shawne Williams  went 1-for-7 for the Knicks. With the Cavs up 113-112, he missed a 17-footer with 29 seconds after he had an open look at a 3. NOTABLE:  The Knicks are 0-3 this season against Cleveland. Of the Cavs' 12 wins, 25 percent have come against New York. The teams play again April 3 at the Garden. INSIDE THE ARENA:   Jon Stewart  and several members of The Allman Brothers Band sat courtside. The Allmans begin a two-week run at the Beacon Theater March 10. UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Sunday @ Atlanta, Monday vs. Utah, Wednesday @ Memphis. For the Cavaliers, Sunday vs. New Orleans, Tuesday vs. Golden State, Wednesday @ Milwaukee.  