  Mavericks-Kings notebook   By Russ Edmondson, for NBA.com Posted Sunday December 5, 2010 1:59AM THE FACTS:  The Dallas Mavericks won their ninth consecutive game on Saturday night, 105-103, against the host Sacramento Kings -- but it certainly wasn't easy. The Kings led for most of the night and held an advantage of 99-90 with 5:24 left in the contest. Then Dallas, with veteran point guard  Jason Kidd  guarding Kings star  Tyreke Evans  over the final stretch, completely shut down the Kings offense.  Dirk Nowitzki  (25 points) and  Jason Terry  (23 points) led the Dallas offense while Evans led the Kings (25 points). The Kings have lost 13 of their last 14 games. QUOTABLE:  "We were not in a good defensive rhythm all night . . . but for five minutes in the fourth quarter we played Mavericks basketball. And that's what got us the win." -- Dallas Mavericks guard  Jason Terry  on the last five minutes of the game THE STAT:  Forty-eight of the first 50 points for Sacramento were scored by three players -- Evans,  Donte Green  and  DeMarcus Cousins . The Kings led 50-46 with about five minutes left in the second quarter at that point. TURNING POINT:  Dallas trailed 99-90 with 5:24 left in the fourth quarter when the Mavericks defense took over. Terry scored four points to cut the lead to 99-94 with 4:44 left and he eventually tied the game at 101 with a powerful slam (1:13 remaining). Dallas took the lead for good when  Tyson Chandler  sunk two free throws with 53 seconds left in the contest. QUOTABLE II:  "I thought the group that started played fantastically well -- we were moving the ball, we were hitting shots, we went toe-to-toe and got the better of a great team for most of the game. It was really nice to see that."   -- Sacramento Kings coach  Paul Westphal HOT:  Nowitzki missed just four shots all night, hitting 11-of-15 from the floor and 3-of-3 from the free-throw line. He did most of his damage in the second quarter, scoring 15 points as the Mavericks dug out of a whole against the Kings. NOT:  Kings forward Carl Landry made 1-of-6 field goals in 28 minutes off the bench. He also turned the ball over on the baseline with three seconds remaining as the Kings were trying to tie the game. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT : Evans had 25 points, eight assists and five rebounds for the Kings in 41 minutes. He hit 11-of-20 shots from the floor, including 3-of-5 from 3-point land. GOOD MOVE:  Putting Kidd on Evans over the final five minutes of the game. The veteran shut down the Kings second-year star, denying him the ball and making him work extremely hard when he did get the ball. ROOKIE WATCH:  Cousins had 17 points and 11 rebounds in 31 minutes for the Kings. He did most of his damage early, scoring 11 points in the first quarter. His first-quarter performance included three, 3-point plays. NOTABLE : The Kings led 38-24 after the first quarter as Evans (14 points), Cousins (11) and Green (10) each scored in double figures . . . Just six Kings played at least three minutes in the first half as coach Paul Westphal relied on his starters and Landry off the bench . . . Nowitzki has 16 20-point games this season for the 16-4 Mavericks. UP NEXT:  The Kings Monday @ Los Angeles Clippers, Wednesday vs.Washington, Saturday vs. vs Miami.  While the red-hot Mavericks will host the Golden State Warriors on Tuesday, Wednesday vs New Jersey Saturday vs. vs Utah.  