  Notebook: Cavaliers 105, Nets 100 Posted Monday March 19, 2012 11:30PM By Adam Figman, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The Nets started slow, then climbed back with three hard-fought quarters, only to come up short in the game's final minute with a botched crunch-time offensive opportunity and some weak defense against Cavs rookies  Kyrie Irving  (26 points, seven assists) and  Tristan Thompson  (27 points, 12 rebounds). New Jersey fell 105-100, the team's third consecutive defeat; it was Cleveland's first victory since March 11. After the Cavs came out hot and finished the first quarter up 30-17, New Jersey rallied throughout the second, eventually tying things up and maintaining a lead for small portions of the third and fourth. But down three and with possession of the ball with under 20 seconds remaining on the clock,  Deron Williams  attempted and failed to find a cutting Kris Humphries, both the pass and the Nets' chances of winning flying away uncontrollably. In the contest's waning minutes -- and throughout most of its entirety, for that matter -- Thompson and Irving dominated in their own ways, the big man governing the glass and the point guard sliding around defenders and finishing with an impressive array of runners and jump shots. QUOTABLE:  "We didn't really execute well down the stretch. They did. Kyrie made some big, tough buckets, and we missed ours. That was the difference."   -- Nets swingman  MarShon Brooks THE STAT:  Every number that reflects what took place in the painted area. The Cavs scored 66 points in the paint (as compared to the Nets' 40), and snatched 55 total rebounds (as compared to the Nets' 37). Cleveland also pulled down 21 offensive boards, which led to 26 second-chance points. TURNING POINT:  A tip-in from Thompson broke a tie and gave the Cavs a two-point lead with 1:14 remaining, and the Nets couldn't convert on any timely opportunity from there forward. HOT:  It's only slightly ironic that less than a week after the Nets traded away their 2012 draft pick but protected it through the top three, 2011's No. 4 pick Thompson showed New Jersey that there's value to be had outside of picks 1-3. Thompson's 27-point performance marks his career-high. NOT:  The Nets' bench. New Jersey's non-starters provided a measly 13 points, comprised in total by  Anthony Morrow 's six,  Gerald Green 's five and  Johan Petro 's two. QUOTABLE II:  "One rookie did a great job of rebounding the basketball, and the other rookie made some tough shots over some of our long defenders."   -- Nets coach  Avery Johnson , on Thompson and Irving's effectiveness GOOD MOVE: Gerald Wallace 's trade to the Nets seems to have pushed  DeShawn Stevenson  from their rotation, but Wallace is proving he deserves his starting role: he went for 27 points and 12 boards, his seventh double-double of the season and first with New Jersey. NOTABLE:  After the game, Deron Williams left the Prudential Center without speaking to the media. Williams finished with 28 points and eight assists, but was consistently frustrated with the refereeing; he picked up a technical foul in the first quarter. UP NEXT:  For the Nets, Wednesday vs. Washington, Friday @ Atlanta, Saturday vs. Charlotte. For the Cavaliers, Wednesday @ Atlanta, Friday @ Orlando, Sunday vs. Phoenix.  