  Notebook: Spurs 127, Kings 102 Posted Thursday April 19, 2012 1:42AM By James Ham, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The Spurs had very little trouble extending their four-game win streak to five in Sacramento. Even without the services of future Hall of Fame center  Tim Duncan , San Antonio walked all over the Kings late, on their way to the 127-102 victory. The Spurs bench was the story in this one. Reserve  Gary Neal  led the way, shooting 8-for-9 from the field on his way to a 17-point performance.  Tiago Splitter  didn't get the start, but he played 22 quality minutes, finishing with 17 points and a team-high eight rebounds.  Manu Ginobili  and  Tony Parker  supplied the rest of the offense as the Spurs swept their second back-to-back-back set of the season. Rookie  Isaiah Thomas  continued his stellar play, dropping 21 points and eight assists in the loss.  Marcus Thornton  came out hot early, scoring 14 points in the first quarter. The Kings leading scorer injured his left quad in the third, but returned to the game late and finished with 20.  DeMarcus Cousins  struggled with foul trouble, but still managed 18 points and nine rebounds in just 27 minutes. QUOTABLE:  "It is a sense of pride. It's better than alternative. Everyone wants to be in a rhythm right now. It's too late in the season to lose a bunch of games when they really count at this point in the season. Being able to win down the stretch of the season, nobody would trade that."   -- Spurs coach  Gregg Popovich  on sweeping the back-to-back-to-back THE STAT:  The Spurs bench outscored the Kings by a 71-28 margin. Four players scored in double figures off the Spurs bench, led by Splitter and Neal. TURNING POINT:  The Kings played tough through the first half, but fell apart after the intermission. San Antonio outscored the Kings by 10 in the third and 14 in the fourth on their way to the 25 point romp. HOT:  Neal lit the Kings up off the bench. The high scoring guard finished with 17 points on 8-for-9 from the field. NOT:   Tyreke Evans  got stuck in neutral. Facing rookie  Kawhi Leonard , the third-year guard out of Memphis finished with five points on 2-for-8 shooting and added just one assist and three rebounds. QUOTABLE II:  "It's rough for Tyreke [Evans] right now. We took him off the ball. He's playing the three, so, I mean, it's going to be an adjustment. Since I've known Tyreke, he's always been the primary ball handler. It's an adjustment. It's part of being a pro. Part of his growth."   -- DeMarcus Cousins on the struggles of Evans GOOD MOVE:  Gregg Popovich decided before the game that he didn't need Tim Duncan to beat the Kings. Turns out he was right. BAD MOVE:  Popovich probably should have sat Parker and Ginobili as well, just to make things interesting. NOTABLE:  The Spurs finished off their second back-to-back-back stretch of the season in impressive fashion. For the third straight game, the Spurs won by a margin of 20 or more, not too bad for a team that most experts wrote off after last seasons playoff meltdown. UP NEXT:  For the Spurs, Friday vs. L.A. Lakers, Sunday vs. Cleveland, Monday vs. Portland. For the Kings, Friday vs. Oklahoma City, Sunday @ Charlotte, Tuesday @ Oklahoma City.  