Notebook: Nuggets 129, Celtics 98 
 
 
 Michael Kelly, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Jan 08, 2014 1:17 AM - Updated Wed Jan 08, 2014 1:17 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  After averaging 93.5 points and breaking 100 once during their eight-game losing streak the Denver Nuggets have scored 137 and 129 points in their past two games. 
 
 THE LEAD:   Randy Foye  scored a season-high 23 points,  Kenneth Faried  had 21 points and 13 rebounds and the Denver Nuggets raced to a big lead and never let up in a 129-98 win over the Boston Celtics on Tuesday.  Ty Lawson  had 19 points and 13 assists and center  J.J. Hickson  scored 17 for the Nuggets, who have won three straight.  Jeff Green  led the Celtics with 17 points and  Brandon Bass  had 15 for Boston, which has dropped five in a row and eight of its last nine. The Nuggets never trailed and led by double digits for most of the game. Their biggest advantage was 32 points in the third quarter. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "Tonight's just not good enough. It's not good enough. We're going to have to play really well to beat these teams on the road. Everybody's going to have to play close to an A game, and that's everybody. Today was disappointing. That's two in a row that's pretty disappointing." --  Celtics coach Brad Stevens 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Denver, coming off a season high in points with 137 against the Lakers on Sunday, set another team best with 68 points in the first half. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Celtics never really were in this one. They trailed by 11 halfway through the first quarter, and Denver built a 68-45 lead with a 10-run to end the half. Foye's aggressiveness put Boston on its heels, as did 10 made 3-pointers in the first half by Denver. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We're playing great (defense). That's the main thing. Guys are taking pride in their individual D. I know I am." --  Kenneth  Faried 
 
 
 HOT:  Foye has struggled with his shot this year but he is starting to show signs of finding his stroke. He is 19-for-35 from the field in the last three games. He hit seven 3-pointers against the Celtics, which is the fourth time in his career he has done that. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "I think this started in the Memphis game. I just knew I was going to fight through it, and tonight I felt like my old self." --  Randy Foye 
 
 
 NOT:  The Celtics are in a downward spiral. They've started their five-game Western Conference road trip with two blowout losses and things won't get easier with three top teams on the schedule. 
 
 QUOTABLE IV:  "We didn't get back on defense. We gave up a lot of dunks and uncontested layups. We're not playing hard enough." --  Boston's  Jordan Crawford 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Nuggets coach  Brian Shaw  trimmed his rotation to nine players and the players have responded with three-straight wins. 
 
 QUOTABLE IV:  "Now we're playing nine players, they know they're going to play more minutes and they're going to have a longer run. Before they were doing four-, five-minute stretches and coming in and out. Now they're getting seven, eight, nine minutes straight so they're able to get in a better rhythm." --  Brian Shaw 
 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Celtics center  Jared Sullinger  committed two flagrant fouls in a 23-second span. His first was his hard foul on Hickson that led to two free throws. On Boston's next possession Sullinger cleared out Faried with an elbow, drawing his second Flagrant Foul 1 and an ejection. He now has five, and one more will trigger an automatic one-game suspension. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Boston's  Vitor Faverani  was one of the few bright spots on the night. He came off the bench to score 10 points and pull down five rebounds before fouling out. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Lawson has a double-double in four-straight games and 10 this season. He has 34 in his career. ... Nuggets forward  Wilson Chandler  left the game in the third quarter with a groin strain. He will have a precautionary MRI on Wednesday. The strain is on the same leg where he had hip surgery last season. ... Celtics guard  Jerryd Bayless  played 25 minutes in his first game in a Boston uniform. He was acquired from Memphis in a deal finalized Tuesday morning. ... Nuggets guard  Andre Miller  was away from the team for the third straight game to deal with what Shaw called "personal issues." He has not been with the team since shouting at Shaw on the bench during a loss to Philadelphia on Jan. 1. 
 UP NEXT: For the Celtics, Wednesday @ L.A. Clippers, Friday @ Golden State, Saturday @ Portland. For the Nuggets, Thursday vs. Oklahoma City, Saturday vs. Orlando, Monday @ Utah.  
