  Warriors-Kings notebook   By Jimmy Spencer, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday March 15, 2011 1:43AM THE FACTS:   Marcus Thornton  scored a career-high 42 points as the Sacramento Kings snapped their six-game winning streak with a 129-119 home victory against the Golden State Warriors. Kings center  Samuel Dalembert  also delivered a career-high, in his ninth NBA season, tallying 27 points. THE STAT:  The Kings took it to the Warriors inside, outscoring Golden State 66-38 in the paint and outrebounding them by a 46-24 margin. TURNING POINT:  Golden State's  Dorell Wright  opened the game on a 3-pointer just before the Kings answered with a 19-0 run. The Kings shot 63.6 percent to lead 35-16 after the first quarter. Sacramento held a lead as great as 25 points and the Warriors never got closer than seven points, which they achieved in the game's final minute. QUOTABLE:  "I always felt that (I was this type of player). That was my thing; if I got an opportunity I would be able to show the world what I can do. I just appreciate Sacramento for giving me the opportunity."    -- Thornton on his play since being traded to the Kings HOT:  Thornton, playing in his 10th game with Sacramento since being traded from New Orleans, is averaging 22.2 points per game with his new team. The second-year, second-round pick out of LSU averaged 9.8 points in 19.3 minutes for New Orleans this season. QUOTABLE II:  "He just needed the opportunity. He's embraced it in a big way. ... I don't think it's his last 40-point game."   -- Kings coach  Paul Westphal  on Thornton NOT:   Andris Biedrins  would have a hard time putting together a worse stat line. The Warriors' center scored zero points, had zero rebounds but tallied four fouls in 15 minutes. ROOKIE WATCH:  It's amazing what a difference one win can make. The Warriors finished the 2009-10 campaign with a 26-56 record, one game ahead of the 25-57 Kings. The Kings took  DeMarcus Cousins  with the No. 5 overall pick and the Warriors selected  Ekpe Udoh  with the No. 6 pick. Cousins scored 15 points and added nine rebounds and four assists against the Warriors on Monday, and entered the game averaging 14.3 points per game and 8.5 rebounds. He has been effective in the paint most of his rookie season and appears to be a valuable piece to the Kings' franchise going forward. Udoh, on the other hand, battled through an injury early in the season and is averaging just 3.1 points and 2.7 rebounds in 14.6 minutes per game. However, he did have 10 points on Monday night. Then again, the Warriors have improved to 30 wins while the Kings regressed and have won just 16 games this season. NOTABLE:   Tyreke Evans  has missed 13 consecutive games after receiving surgery on his left foot to treat plantar fasciitis. Kings coach  Paul Westphal  said that Evans feels good and is going to see his doctor on Tuesday morning. "Assuming everything checks out okay, he'll be cleared to start practicing and it will probably be a week to 10 days. I am getting ahead of it because this isn't the doctor talking yet but that's what we hope he will say and we have reason to think that will be the way it goes." UP NEXT:  For the Warriors, Wednesday vs. Dallas, Friday @ Phoenix, Sunday @ Dallas. For the Kings, Wednesday vs. Cleveland, Friday vs. Philadelphia, Sunday @ Minnesota.  