
 Rockets-Raptors notebook   By Holly J. MacKenzie, for NBA.com Posted Friday November 19, 2010 11:01PM THE FACTS:  On Friday night at the Air Canada Centre, the Toronto Raptors took down the Houston Rockets 106-96, despite a tightly contested fourth quarter with five lead changes and two ties. Six Raptors reached double-figures, led by  Andrea Bargnani 's 26. QUOTABLE:  "I think what struck me was their youthful exuberance. With Chris gone, obviously there's a huge void on the offensive end so young guys are emerging. Guys like DeRozan and Weems, they're making the most of their opportunity. I think Bargnani has really stepped up his game. He's really become a tough cover."   --  Shane Battier  on the new-look Raptors THE STAT:  After going through the first 24 minutes of the game without a single free throw attempt, the Raptors were much more aggressive after the break. The result? 30 free throw attempts over the final 24 minutes of the game as compared to 16 attempts for the Rockets in the second half. TURNING POINT:  With the Raptors leading by one at the start of the fourth, the game was tied at 76 with 10:48 remaining. From there the Raptors went on a 15-5 run to pull ahead by 10 and the Rockets were unable to catch up, despite cutting the lead down to three with under three minutes to play. QUOTABLE II:  "A lot of people, he's kind of the innocent kid so they really don't see him get mad too often...he attacked a little harder once they got him a little angry. He's a great player, man. He needs to do that for 48 minutes."   --  Sonny Weems  on  DeMar DeRozan 's aggressive approach down the stretch HOT:   Kevin Martin  finished the game with a game-high 31 points on 8-for-16 shooting. He went to the line 11 times, sinking all 11 of his attempts while also adding four rebounds, three assists and a steal. NOT:   Chase Budinger  struggled in his first game back after missing the last three contests with an ankle sprain. He went 0-for-6 from the floor and was scoreless with two turnovers in his 14 minutes of action. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Sopranos star  Steve Schirripa  sat courtside for the game. NOTABLE:   Courtney Lee  played just seven minutes for the Rockets.  Kyle Lowry  tied a career-high with 12 assists.  Sonny Weems  has now reached double-figures in his last seven games, bumping his average on the season to 14 points per game, almost doubling his average from last year. The Rockets finished the game 20-for-22 from the free throw line (91 percent) while the Raptors went 20-for-30 from the line (67 percent). UP NEXT:  For the Rockets, Monday vs. Phoenix, Wednesday vs. Golden State, Friday @ Charlotte. For the Raptors, Sunday vs. Boston, Wednesday vs. Philadelphia, Friday @ Boston. 
