  Notebook: Sixers 95, Pistons 74   By Andy Jasner, for NBA.com Posted Sunday January 29, 2012 12:03AM THE FACTS:  The Philadelphia 76ers stayed hot with a 95-74 victory over the Detroit Pistons Saturday night at the Wells Fargo Center.  Andre Iguodala  led the way with a triple-double -- 10 points, 10 rebounds and 10 assists. It was the eighth career triple-double for Iguodala and the fourth in the NBA this season.  Lou Williams  scored a game-high 17 points and  Elton Brand  contributed 14 points. The Sixers improved to 14-6 and have won 10 of their 12 home games. Their only two home losses came in overtime to the Denver Nuggets and New Jersey Nets. Greg Monroe  paced the Pistons with 16 points and 10 rebounds.  Austin Daye  also had 12 points. Detroit has lost four in a row and dropped to 4-17. It has been a constant struggle through 21 games for the Pistons, especially on the defensive end. QUOTABLE:  "'Dre is our best player. When he is engaged and doing the things he's doing, he's terrific."   -- Sixers coach  Doug Collins , on Iguodala. THE STAT:  The Sixers started 7-of-11 from beyond the arc and finished 9-of-15. TURNING POINT:  The Pistons got within 51-42 early in the third quarter and the Sixers never let them get any closer. Philadelphia proceeded to rip off a quick 10-2 run and the lead was suddenly 61-44. That run flattened the Pistons' momentum. HOT:  Evan Turner was 6-for-8 from the field and played his best offensive game in a couple of weeks for the Sixers. NOT:  Pistons guard Brandon Knight missed his first six shots and finished just 4-of-17. QUOTABLE II:  "It's something I've tried to pride myself of on. It's very difficult to get."   -- Iguodala, on his triple-double. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Iguodala was consistent the whole game and wound up with the above-mentioned 10 points, 10 assists and 10 rebounds. He played within the flow of the game and didn't try to force anything. INSIDE THE ARENA:  There was quite a large crowd of 18,710 for Saturday's game against the Pistons. Most of the upper sections were full and the fans were actively into the action from beginning to end. QUOTABLE III:  "He is the glue of that team."   -- Detroit coach  Lawrence Frank , on Iguodala. GOOD MOVE:  With the Sixers scuffling offensively midway through the first half, Collins had his team trap full court for several possessions. It resulted in a 6-0 run and pushed a 32-27 lead to 11 at 38-27. The Sixers went on to lead by 11 at halftime and carried that momentum through the second half. BAD MOVE:  The Pistons didn't do a very good job of getting the ball away from the Sixers' shooters, mainly Williams and Jodie Meeks. That duo hurt the Pistons time and again with open looks. ROOKIE WATCH:  Knight scored nine points but missed 13 of his 17 shots for the Pistons. Also, guard  Walker Russell  had three points, five assists and four rebounds while forward  Vernon Macklin  scored four points Meanwhile, Sixers forward  Nikola Vucevic  missed his fourth straight game with a left knee quad strain. Forward  Lavoy Allen  contributed seven points, four rebounds, two assists and one blocked shot off the bench. NOTABLE:  The Pistons played without guards  Ben Gordon  (sore left shoulder) and  Will Bynum  (strained right foot) along with forward  Charlie Villanueva  (sore right ankle). ... Monroe was given a technical foul with 1:08 remaining in the first half for arguing a non-foul call following a layup. ... Iguodala celebrated his 28th birthday on Saturday. ... Collins, on his Bobblehead which was distributed to the fans before Saturday's game against the Pistons: "I like the gray hair. It has wisdom written all over it." ... Sixers center  Spencer Hawes  (left Achilles strain) missed his seventh straight game. ... Philadelphia's 10-2 home record is its best since also going 10-2 in 2002-03. ... Philadelphia had 27 assists with a season-low tying seven turnovers. ...  Ben Wallace  didn't attempt a shot for the Pistons in nearly 17 minutes. NEXT:  For the Pistons, Monday @ Milwaukee, Tuesday @ New York, Wednesday @ New Jersey. For the Sixers, Monday vs. Orlando, Wednesday vs. Chicago, Friday vs. Miami.  