  Notebook: Pacers 93, Wizards 89 Posted Thursday March 29, 2012 11:01PM Conrad Brunner, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  After beating Miami by 15, and then losing to New Jersey by 16, the Indiana Pacers established a certain unpredictability this week. Beating Washington 93-89 Thursday in Bankers Life Fieldhouse might have returned things to their more natural order but hardly signaled a return to form by Indiana. The Pacers shot 39 percent overall, 31 percent in the second half and survived only because  Roy Hibbert  showed up late with seven of his nine points in the final 4 1/2 minutes to give them the breathing room needed to survive their sixth game in eight nights.  Danny Granger  scored 25 to lead Indiana, which improved to 30-20 overall and delivered coach  Frank Vogel  his 50th career victory.  Jordan Crawford  scored 20 for the Wizards, who dropped to 11-39. QUOTABLE:  "We knew what we had to do. We knew that we blew one last night and we can't let that happen at home."   - - Indiana guard  George Hill THE STAT:  Crawford scored at least 20 points for the seventh consecutive game, the longest active streak in the league. In four of those seven games, he has scored exactly 20. TURNING POINT:  Washington used an 11-1 run starting the third quarter to take a 60-53 lead and were up 68-60 late in the period but Granger hit a 3-pointer to spark a 14-1 run that put the Pacers in front 74-69 early in the fourth. The Wizards tied it at 80 on Crawford's steal and dunk with 4:54 left but Hibbert scored five in a 7-2 run, including a three-point play that made it 87-82 with 2:48 left. Crawford hit a 3-pointer to cut the Pacers' lead to two, and the Wizards had the ball with the chance to at least tie in the final minute but a backcourt violation cost them possession with 22.9 seconds left. The Pacers then sealed it at the line. QUOTABLE II:  "They played a little harder than we did. We've got to come and be prepared to play well every night, every game. Every game is very important to us now and we must get out there and get the job done every night."    -- Indiana forward  David West HOT:  Granger made 3-of-5 from the 3-point line and was 8-of-15 overall. He also made all six of his free throws and added seven rebounds to his game-high 25 points. Hill hit his first three shots and finished 4-of-7 for 14 points off the bench.  Nene  had 16 points and 13 rebounds for the Wizards. NOT:  Indiana's starting guards,  Darren Collison  and  Paul George , combined to shot 4-of-16. QUOTABLE III:  "You have to make simple, simple plays down the stretch. It might sound trivial or fundamental, but it has to be the easiest play you can make down the stretch and if it's not, then you can't take the chance. They're busting their tails and playing hard, we just have to break through the barrier."     -- Wizards coach  Randy Wittman GOOD MOVE:  Though Hibbert had not been a factor for most of the game, due in part to foul trouble and in part to Washington's aggressive post double-teams, Vogel brought his center in with the game tied and 6 1/2 minutes remaining. Hibbert quickly scored twice on post-ups and converted an and-one to put the Pacers up 87-82. BAD MOVE:  The Wizards got a break late in the game when a replay review went their way, although it appeared  Chris   Singleton  stepped out of bounds before saving the ball inbounds. Given the valuable second chance and trailing by two,  John Wall  was cut off on a drive and tried to kick out to Nene just as the big man was cutting toward the lane. The ball rolled into the backcourt for a turnover with 22.9 seconds left. NOTABLE:  Indiana improved to 16-7 at home, while Washington dropped to 5-20 on the road. ... The Wizards are 9-24 since Wittman replaced  Flip Saunders  on the bench. ... The Pacers improved to 24-2 when leading after three periods. ... Having concluded a stretch of six games in eight nights, the Pacers get one day off, then enter another stretch of six games in eight nights. ... West tweaked the injured pinky finger on his left hand in the final minute of the game. ...  Trevor Booker , who missed Washington's last game with tendinitis in his right knee, was back in the starting lineup. ... The game was a homecoming for Wittman, who grew up in Indianapolis, starred at Ben Davis High and the University of Indiana, finished his playing career and launched his coaching career with the Pacers. He had several family members, including his daughter (a student at I.U.) in the crowd. ... It also was a homecoming of sorts for rookie guard  Shelvin Mack , who played at Butler University, helping the Bulldogs reach consecutive NCAA championship games. UP NEXT:  For the Pacers, Saturday @ San Antonio, Sunday @ Houston, Tuesday vs. New York. For the Wizards, Friday vs. Philadelphia, Sunday @ Toronto, Monday vs. Milwaukee.  