Notebook: Celtics 114, Knicks 73 
 
 
 Adam Zagoria, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Dec 08, 2013 3:36 PM - Updated Sun Dec 08, 2013 3:36 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Knicks lost for the 10th time in 12 games and saw their modest two-game winning streak come to an end. 
 
 THE LEAD:  The Celtics raced out to a 25-point first-quarter lead and blasted the Knicks out of Madison Square Garden, 114-73, to win their third straight. 
 
 Jordan Crawford  paced Boston's onslaught with 23 points and seven assists,  Jared Sullinger  added 21 points and Avery Bradley had 13 points and 10 rebounds. Crawford hit six 3-pointers. 
 
 Carmelo Anthony  led the Knicks with 19 points on 5-for-5 shooting and Amar'e Stoudemire had a season-best 17 points off the bench. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We played really well. They didn't play as well... I've already learned you can be on the good end or bad end of that." 
 -- Celtics coach  Brad Stevens 
 
 
 THE STAT:  All five Celtics starters reached double-figures. Anthony was the only Knicks starter in double-figures. 
 
 THE STAT II:  Since Halloween, seven other NBA teams have won as many games (1) at the Garden as the Knicks. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Celtics jumped out to a 12-0 lead to start the game and stretched the lead to 32-7 at one point in the first. Boston led 58-31 at the half. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "You're never as good as you think you are, you're never as bad as you think you are, and you're never far from both of those." 
 -- Stevens 
 
 
 WHO'S HOT:  Crawford scored 20+ for the third straight game. He had 25 in a win over Milwaukee and 22 in a victory over Denver.  
 
 WHO'S NOT:  The Knicks' starting backcourt of  Raymond Felton  and  Iman Shumpert  went 0-for-12 for no points and two assists. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "I wish I could explain it. I didn't see this coming in terms of how we played." 
 - Knicks coach  Mike Woodson 
 
 
 QUOTABLE IV:  "I'm not happy about how we played. And shouldn't nobody in that locker room, or our fans, be happy about what they saw tonight."  
 -- Woodson 
 
 
 QUOTABLE V:  "Right now there's just no need for me to try to pinpoint what happened, what went wrong out there. Good old fashioned ass-whupping to me." 
 -- Anthony 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  Rookie  Tim Hardaway Jr . got his first NBA start because  Kenyon Martin  (ankle) was out. "It felt great," Hardaway Jr., who went 3-for-7 for eight points, said before the game. "It was an honor. Everything I worked for. If it wasn't for my teammates, none of this would've been possible so I'm just going to go out there and play my game, do what I have to do to help the team win and know my role when I'm out there." 
 
 NOTABLE II:  Asked if he's seen a difference in Anthony the last two games entering this one, Stevens said pregame: "He hasn't been in at the end of games because they're winning by so much. I've always been a Carmelo fan. I saw him live once last year. He had 42 vs. Atlanta. It's a difficult challenge. There's a handful of players in the league where going into a game you know you have to put two guys on him at some point.''  
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:   Adam Sandler  sat courtside. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Tuesday @ Cleveland, Wednesday vs. Chicago, Friday @ Boston. For the Celtics, Tuesday @ Brooklyn, Wednesday vs. Clippers, Friday vs. New York. 
