  Notebook: Trail Blazers 90, Warriors 87 Posted Monday March 26, 2012 12:22AM By Kerry Eggers, for NBA.com THE FACTS: Raymond Felton  scored 19 of his season-high 24 points in the second half to lead Portland to a come-from-behind 90-87 victory over Golden State Tuesday night at the Rose Garden. The Blazers trailed 85-80 with 3 1/2 minutes remaining but outscored the visitors 10-2 the rest of the way. LaMarcus Aldridge  collected 18 points and nine rebounds for Portland (23-26), while  Nicolas Batum  contributed 17 points and eight boards. Rookie guard  Charles Jenkins  scored a season-high 27 points for Golden State (20-27). QUOTABLE:  "It's what we need from him. I didn't shoot it particularly well tonight, but I didn't have to. Ray stepped up and made his shots for us. He never lost his confidence, and we never lost confidence in him."   --  Wesley Matthews , on beleaguered teammate Felton. THE STAT:  The Blazers won despite shooting .365 from the field -- the first time they have prevailed this season when shooting below 40 percent. TURNING POINT:  Golden State led 85-80 with the clock approaching three minutes to go, but Matthews made three free throws, Felton a 3-pointer and Aldridge a jumper and a pair of gift shots down the stretch to bring the Blazers back. HOT:  Jenkins -- a last-minute replacement for injured  Nate Robinson  at point guard -- was 6-for-6 and scored 13 points in the first quarter. He finished 13 for 22 and also had six assists in his 40 minutes. NOT:  Portland's  Jamal Crawford  never got it going, making only 1-of-10 shots from the field. QUOTABLE II:  "Look at the kid, Jenkins. Our game plan tonight was to make him shoot. He made us pay. My hat is off to him. He had a terrific game. But we showed a lot about our team, the fight we're going to have for the rest of the season. That's the way we're going to play."   --  Felton on the Warriors' Jenkins. INSIDE THE ARENA: Russell Hornsby  of the TV series "Grimm" was in the house. GOOD MOVE:  The Blazers, trailing 87-86, went to Aldridge on the block inside the final minute. Portland's all-star forward swished a turnaround jumper from the baseline to put the hosts on top 88-87 with 39.5 seconds to go. BAD MOVE:  With the ball trailing 90-87 after a timeout with 20.2 seconds left, Golden State had time enough to get a quick two-point basket, then play defense and foul if necessary. The Warriors seemed determined to shoot a 3-pointer, though, and Jenkins wound up taking a 26-footer under pressure that was an airball as time expired. QUOTABLE III:  "That's the only (video) clip we're going to watch tomorrow during corrections. The defense was phenomenal. our communication was great, and we got after it."   --  Portland head coach  Kaleb Canales  on the Blazers' defense during the Warriors' final possession, when they were down by three points with 20 seconds left but barely were able to get off a shot. NOTABLE:  The Blazers have won consecutive games over the Warriors for the first time since the 2009-10 season. UP NEXT:  For the Blazers,  vs. Oklahoma City Tuesday, vs. New Orleans Thursday, @ L.A. Clippers Friday. For the Warriors, vs. L.A. Lakers Tuesday, vs. New Orleans Wednesday, vs. New Jersey Friday.  