  Pacers-Grizzlies notebook   By Marlon W. Morgan, for NBA.com Posted Sunday March 20, 2011 12:35AM THE FACTS:  Having been embarrassed in Thursday night's loss at New York, the Memphis Grizzlies jumped on Indiana early with a 17-2 run to start the game and breezed to a 99-78 victory in front of 17,013 at FedExForum. The Grizzlies had four players reach double figures, led by guard  Tony Allen 's 19 points and 11 rebounds. QUOTABLE:  "It's bigger than me. I'm looking at the standings every day, seeing where we need to be. I just want to do whatever I can do to help. Whether it's passing out water, giving somebody a towel, congratulating them or giving them some advice about the previous play or the next play, I just want to be able to help in any way possible.''    -- Grizzlies guard Tony Allen. THE STAT:  The Pacers had just 11 assists in the game, the last one coming on the game's final play -- a 3-pointer at the buzzer by  A.J. Price . Starting point guard  Darren Collison  had no assists, while no Pacer had more than two. By contrast, Grizzlies starting point guard  Mike Conley  had nine of his team's 25 assists. TURNING POINT:  After falling behind by 25 points, the Pacers managed to pull within 80-70 with 9:19 left in the game. But the Grizzlies responded with a 13-2 run to push their cushion back to 93-72 with three minutes to go. INSIDE THE ARENA:  On hand to watch the game was 2011 Grammy Award winner  Kirk Whalum , a Memphian saxophonist. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  In addition to his game-high 19 points, Allen had a career-high 11 rebounds while dishing out a season-high six assists and tying his season-high with six steals. QUOTABLE II:  "I told our guys before the game that certain broadcasters were commenting on the emphasis of how good they are with their hands, and at halftime I think they still had nine steals. The exact same thing happened to us. It is hard to simulate in a back-to-back situation without practice. We did a poor job of recognizing how good their hands were getting the steals, and it led to run-outs and killed us on the break.''    -- Indiana coach  Frank Vogel HOT:  Memphis forward  Zach Randolph  was his usual effective self, making eight of his 11 shots for 17 points while hauling in 10 rebounds. It was the 300th double-double of his career. NOT:  Early foul trouble helped contribute to a long night for Indiana forward  Danny Granger . Granger missed 10 of his 15 shots and turned the ball over seven times. He did, however, tie for the team lead with 17 points. NOTABLE:  The Grizzlies used their defense to get going. During their run to start the game, they picked up five of their 16 steals. Those 16 steals were part of the 23 turnovers by the Pacers that led to 23 points. ... Grizzlies forward  Darrell Arthur  had a scare when he went down with 3:23 to play with an injury to his left leg. It turned out to be just a bruise to his shin. ... Recently acquired forward  Leon Powe  gave the Grizzlies another solid effort off the bench, making four of his seven shots for nine points to go with two rebounds. Powe has scored 28 points in 37 minutes in his first four games with the Grizzlies. ... The Grizzlies have now won their last 10 home games against teams under .500. Their last home loss to a losing team was Dec. 21 against New Jersey. Additionally, the Grizzlies improved to an NBA-best 15-1 when playing a team on the second night of a back-to-back. They are 12-0 at FedExForum in those games. ... After scoring 29 points with 11 rebounds in the Pacers' win over Chicago Friday night,  Tyler Hansbrough  had just 14 points and five boards against the Grizzlies. UP NEXT:  For the Pacers, Monday @ New Jersey, Wednesday @ Charlotte, Friday vs. Sacramento. For the Grizzlies, Monday vs. Utah, Wednesday @ Boston, Friday @ Chicago.  