  Notebook: Blazers 99, Hornets 93 Posted Friday March 30, 2012 1:32AM By Kerry Eggers, for NBA.com THE FACTS: LaMarcus Aldridge  collected 25 points, 12 rebounds and five assists and the Trail Blazers used a late 10-1 surge to beat the Hornets 99-93 Thursday night at the Rose Garden. Wesley Matthews  added 18 points and  Luke Babbitt  and  J.J. Hickson  came off the bench for major contributions for Portland (24-27). Babbitt scored a career-high 16 points and Hickson contributed 12 points and six rebounds in his fourth game as a Blazer. Marco Belinelli  scored a season-high 27 points and  Carl Landry  had 24 points and seven boards for New Orleans (13-38), which was playing the second of back-to-back games. QUOTABLE:  "It's an NBA basketball game. There's no concern in terms of who we're playing. We're trying to control what we can control. Coach  Monty (Williams)  has those guys ready to play every single night -- hard, together."    -- Portland coach  Kaleb Canales  on the shorthanded Hornets. THE STAT:  Portland's bench outscored its New Orleans counterparts 30-8. TURNING POINT:  The score was tied 89-89 with three minutes left when Aldridge scored on a 12-foot turnaround jumper to kick off a 10-1 spurt for a 99-90 Blazer lead. HOT:  Belinelli drained 7 of 11 3-point attempts, matching his career high for makes. NOT:  Portland's  Jamal Crawford  was 0 for 6 from the field, making him 9 for 55 (.164) over the past six games. QUOTABLE II:  "You look at the guys' effort, the way we fought, the way we hung in there all night. You have eight guys going against a talented team and it goes down to the wire, there's not much more you can say about your team."    -- Williams, who had only eight players dressed due to a rash of injuries. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Ex-Oregon tailback  LaMichael James  was in the house. GOOD MOVE: Nicolas Batum  blocked a driving layup by  Xavier Henry  on one end, then raced to the other, converting a three-point play to key a 9-0 Blazer run in the third quarter. BAD MOVE:  New Orleans'  Al-Farouq Aminu  missed two dunks. QUOTABLE III:  "Every time we have a shooting contest during practice, in groups of three, we're all just playing for second place. You know he's going to win. We're used to it."   -- Batum on Babbitt, who knocked down four straight 3-pointers and scored 16 points in 17 minutes off the bench. NOTABLE:  The Hornets were without four starters ? center  Chris Kaman  (virus),  Emeka Okafor  (knee),  Trevor Ariza  (ankle) and  Jarrett Jack  (ankle). A fifth starter --  Eric Gordon , out for all but two games this season with a knee injury --  is on New Orleans' four-game road trip but did not suit up. UP NEXT:  For the Blazers, at L.A. Clippers Friday, Minnesota Sunday, Utah Monday. For the Hornets, at L.A. Lakers Saturday, at Phoenix Sunday, Denver Wednesday.  