Notebook: Cavaliers 88, Clippers 82 
 
 
 Brian Dulik, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Dec 08, 2013 12:27 AM - Updated Sun Dec 08, 2013 12:27 AM 
 
 THE FACT:   Kyrie Irving  bounced back from the first scoreless game of his NBA career, getting 20 points as the Cavaliers beat the Clippers. 
 
 THE LEAD:  Power forward  Tristan Thompson  and All-Star point guard Irving each scored 20 points as the Cleveland Cavaliers held off the Los Angeles Clippers 88-82 at Quicken Loans Arena Saturday night. Center  Anderson Varejao  added a season-high 17 rebounds in 23 minutes off the bench for Cleveland (7-13), which has won three straight home games. Clippers shooting guard  Jamal Crawford  scored 19 points, while point guard  Chris Paul  collected 13 points and a game-high 15 assists for L.A. (13-8). The Cavaliers have won 11 of their last 12 home contests against Los Angeles. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "Varejao, to me, was the difference tonight. Both teams were pretty pathetic, offensively, but his energy was the difference. We did a lot of pouting out there, but he just kept on going, play after play." 
 
 -- Clippers coach  Doc Rivers 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Varejao grabbed 11 of his game-high 17 rebounds in the fourth quarter, single-handedly outboarding the Clippers team 11-10 over the final 12 minutes.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "Anderson brought a physical presence to the table the entire time he was on the floor."  
 
 --Cavaliers coach  Mike Brown  
 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Cavaliers point guard  Jarrett Jack  buried a half-court shot at the third-quarter buzzer, putting Cleveland ahead for good at 67-66. Exactly 1.9 seconds earlier, the Clippers had taken their lone second-half lead on a 3-pointer by shooting guard Jamal Crawford.  
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "These games test the character of our team, and I think we grew in terms of taking steps forward. You can't take a step back and wait to be hit. Now, we've just got to continue with it on Tuesday [against the Knicks]." 
 
 -- Cavaliers power forward Tristan Thompson 
 
 
 HOT:  Irving made a layup three minutes into the first quarter, snapping his 5 1/2-quarter scoreless streak -- and 0-for-14 shooting slump dating back to Wednesday against Denver. 
 
 NOT:  Clippers rookie shooting guard  Reggie Bullock  suffered a left high ankle sprain in the fourth when he landed on Thompson under the basket. He left the arena in a walking boot, but X-rays proved negative. 
 
 QUOTABLE IV:  "We're consistently inconsistent right now -- and that's on me. I feel like I'm putting too much on my shoulders. We're taking one step forward, then two steps back. We've got to play ball. We've got to play together." 
 
 -- Clippers point guard Chris Paul 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  The Cavaliers are 3-1 since going to a starting lineup of  Andrew Bynum , Thompson, small forward  Alonzo Gee , shooting guard  C.J. Miles , and Irving. Cleveland's seven other lineups this season have combined for a 4-12 record.  
 
 QUOTABLE V:  "I thought our guys brought their hard hats again tonight. That's a good Clippers team, averaging well over 100 points, but I liked our defensive effort." 
 
 --Cavaliers coach  Mike Brown  
 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Cavaliers center  Tyler Zeller  continues to have nothing but bad luck. The second-year pro was active, but sported five stitches above his left eye after being struck Friday in Atlanta. Since the start of training camp, Zeller has undergone an appendectomy, injured his left hip, and sprained his right ankle. The 7-footer logged his sixth "Did Not Play -- Coach's Decision" of the season. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Not in uniform for the Clippers were shooting guard  J.J. Redick  (right hand fracture, right wrist ligament tear), small forward  Matt Barnes  (left retinal tear), and point guard  Maalik Wayns  (left meniscus tear). Redick and Barnes did not travel with the team. ... Cleveland's inactives were center  Henry Sims  and rookie shooting guard  Carrick Felix. 
 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Monday @ Philadelphia, Wednesday @ Boston, Thursday @ Brooklyn. For the Cavaliers, Tuesday vs. New York, Friday @ Orlando, Saturday @ Miami. 
