Notebook: Nuggets 111, Timberwolves 88 
 
 
 Michael Kelly, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Mar 10, 2013 3:24 AM - Updated Sun Mar 10, 2013 3:24 AM 
 
 THE FACTS: Ty Lawson  continued his hot stretch with 32 points, tying his season high, and the Denver Nuggets rolled by the Minnesota Timberwolves 111-88 on Saturday for their eighth straight win. 
 
 Corey Brewer  scored 15 off the bench for Denver, which has won 13 straight at home. The Nuggets, at 28-3 at Pepsi Center, tied Miami for the best home record this year. 
 
 Mickael Gelabale  scored a season-high 19 points and  J.J. Barea  added 15 for the Timberwolves. 
 The Nuggets avenged one of their home losses with the win Saturday. Minnesota beat Denver 101-97 on Jan. 3 but the Nuggets have won 18 of 19 home games since that loss. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We've all been playing better in the second half of the season and our record is showing that. The first half of the season there were worries in management, coaching staff if we were going to make the playoffs but we've gotten into shape and we've been playing well."  
 
 -- Lawson 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Nuggets shot 53.8 percent from the field. It's the fourth straight game they've shot better than 53 percent. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  With the game tied at 57 early in the third,  Luke Ridnour  tried to loft a fast-break layup off the glass.  Andre Iguodala  went high to block it, then fed  Danilo Gallinari  for a 3-pointer that sparked a 14-2 run. Denver never trailed again. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "They played with a lot of energy in the second half. Ty Lawson hit shots and it turned their way in the second half. They're attacking, they're running, they're running and they're running. You've just got to hold on."  
 
 -- Barea 
 
 
 HOT:  Lawson took over in the fourth quarter. He hit all six of his shots, including two 3-pointers, to help the Nuggets break open the game. He finished with 14 points in the period and with 23 in the second half. 
 
 NOT: Wilson Chandler  has been solid to great at both ends of the floor for Denver but struggled with foul trouble Saturday. He had five and played just 15 minutes. 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Lawson has been the catalyst for Denver's recent success. He has scored 20 or more points in 19 of his last 26 games and is averaging 24.2 points, 3.4 rebounds, 7.7 assists and 1.38 steals while shooting 53.5 percent from the field in his last 13 games. 
 
 GOOD MOVE: George Karl  is not a theatrical coach, but when Lawson was called for his second offensive foul in a minute the coach got irate with the officials. He drew a technical for angrily arguing the call and his players got a shot of energy after their coach stood up for the point guard. Denver scored the next seven points to take a 17-point lead. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I'm definitely a believer that Ty doesn't get many calls and then when he gets a couple taken away from him it angers me. I think my team was fighting at that time to play the right way and get into the game. It's that time of the season where everybody's a little grumpy, a little weird." 
 
 -- Karl 
 
 
 BAD MOVE:  In the first half the Nuggets shot 50 percent, hit 57 percent from 3-point range and outrebounded Minnesota 20-18 but led by only one. Their 10 turnovers helped the Timberwolves stay close. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Minnesota guard  Ricky Rubio  had 43 steals in his previous 10 games and none against Denver. ... For the second straight game the Nuggets shot better than 50 percent from the field, 45 percent from 3-point range and 80 percent from the foul line. ... The Nuggets are 25-3 when allowing less than 100 points. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Timberwolves, Sunday vs. Dallas, Tuesday vs. San Antonio, Wednesday @ Indiana. For the Nuggets, Monday @ Phoenix, Wednesday vs. New York, Friday vs. Memphis. 
