  Raptors-Hawks notebook   By Holly J. MacKenzie Posted Wednesday January 12, 2011 11:41PM THE FACTS:  On Wednesday night at the Air Canada Centre, the Atlanta Hawks took down the Toronto Raptors 104-101. After a long Tuesday of waiting for a game against the Milwaukee Bucks that didn't happen due to weather conditions in Atlanta,  Jamal Crawford  was itching to play. Against the Raptors, he came off of the bench to score a season-high 36 points while  Mike Bibby  drilled a dagger three with 8.9 seconds remaining as the Hawks got the victory. QUOTABLE:  "He is a coach's dream when you talk about a guy that can come off the bench and get you going...He hit a huge three near the end. He shot that thing from almost half court."    --  Larry Drew  on the play of Jamal Crawford THE STAT:  Free throws. The Hawks went to the line 31 times compared to a season-low 12 attempts for the Raptors. Crawford almost tied the Raptors for free throw attempts, finishing one shy with 11 trips to the stripe. In a three-point game, the Hawks finished 25-for-31 from the line while the Raptors were just 9-for-12. TURNING POINT:  After a thrilling final four minutes of the fourth quarter,  Amir Johnson  was called for an offensive foul with 10.5 seconds remaining, giving the ball back to the Hawks, who were down by two. While it was Crawford who scored 11 points in the final quarter to keep the Hawks close, Larry Drew went to Bibby for a big bucket and Bibby responded, drilling a 3-pointer to put the Hawks ahead by one. After the ball went out of bounds off of  Jose Calderon  and  Joe Johnson  hit two free throws, the Raptors had a chance to tie the game with a second remaining, but a 3-pointer from  Andrea Bargnani  was off the mark and the Hawks escaped with the victory. QUOTABLE II:  "Even before he came here, I used to watch him and playing against him, he could get hot at any time. He's a hell of a scorer and when he gets hot it's even worse. It's nothing I haven't seen before. I'm used to it." Mike Bibby on teammate Jamal Crawford getting into a zone. HOT:  Crawford had a season-high 36 points for the Hawks, finishing 12-for-23 from the floor and 4-for-11 from the 3-point line. He was a perfect 8-for-8 from the free throw line and added three rebounds and two assists. Crawford had 25 of his 36 in the first half where he shot a blistering 10-for-14. For the Raptors,  Leandro Barbosa  also scored a season-high, finishing with 26 points in the loss. NOT:  After  DeMar DeRozan  got off to a hot start scoring nine points in the first quarter on 4-for-6 shooting, he disappeared. Logging over 39 minutes for the game, DeRozan did not score again, finishing with those nine points on 4-for-11 shooting. He also had four personal fouls and five turnovers. NOTABLE:  Atlanta's 30 3-point attempts were a team-high and also a Raptor opponent high this season. The Raptors outscored Atlanta 60-38 in the paint and have now topped 60 points in the paint in three of their last four games. Atlanta outrebounded Toronto 40-33, including 10-4 on the offensive glass.  Sonny Weems  dressed for the first time in 11 games, but did not play.  Al Horford  picked up his 20th double-double of the season and the Hawks are 15-5 when he gets one. UP NEXT:  For the Hawks, Saturday vs, Houston, Monday vs. Sacramento and Tuesday @ Miami.. For the Raptors, Friday vs. Detroit, Saturday @ Washington and Monday @ New Orleans.  