  Notebook: Hornets 92, Bucks 89 Posted Wednesday February 15, 2012 11:40PM By Rick Braun, for NBA.com THE FACTS:   Marco Belinelli  scored 22 points and  Chris Kaman  added 18 points and 10 rebounds as the New Orleans Hornets beat the Milwaukee Bucks, 92-89, Wednesday night at the Bradley Center to win consecutive games for the first time since opening the season with two victories. The Bucks (12-17) lost capped a 0-3 home stand and have now lost five consecutive home games. The Hornets improved to 6-23. Ersan Ilyasova  led the Bucks with 23 points off the bench but he missed two shots from short range in the last five minutes as the Bucks were trying to get back to even. QUOTABLE:  "We're playing so hard, and then we give up an offensive rebound, and then we give up another offensive rebound, and you're kind of rolling your eyes and you're like, 'Geez!' And then they score or get fouled and you're back to Square One."   -- Bucks guard  Brandon Jennings  on two big offensive rebounds the Hornets collected in the final two minutes. THE STAT:  In a game that lacked pace and energy much of the night, Belinelli's 6-of-7 shooting from the 3-point line stood out as the major factor in the result. TURNING POINT:  The Bucks trimmed a 72-59 deficit down to a single point with a 12-0 run that spanned the end of the third and start of the fourth quarters. Jennings and  Mike Dunleavy  started the fourth with consecutive 3-pointers that made it 72-71. From there,  Xavier Henry  scored the Hornets' next two buckets, and a Kaman basket made it 78-73 with 8:48 left. That stalled the Milwaukee momentum, and the Bucks never were able to get closer than two the rest of the way. QUOTABLE II:  "That's hard for me because I don't like just hitting the ball because I don't know where it's going. But on that one I knew Marco was right there and I knew (Milwaukee's  Stephen) Jackson  was coming to me, so I knew all I could really do was tip it and it would get to Marco. I just wanted to get the ball back for our team because we were only up two points and it was a key possession."   -- Kaman on a key offensive rebound he tapped out to Belinelli in the final minute of the game. HOT:  At 7-for-10, Belinelli was the only player with at least 10 attempts to shoot 50 percent or better. NOT:  Ilyasova started the game hot but went just 2-for-8 in the fourth quarter to finish 9 for 21. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Attendance was announced as 12,829 but the number of people actually in the building appeared to be significantly lower than that. GOOD MOVE:  The Hornets signed center  Solomon Jones  to a 10-day contract before the game, and coach  Monty Williams  said he'd play. Jones played just under 11 minutes and contributed six points and two rebounds, including a tip-in late in the third quarter that made it 72-59. BAD MOVE:  Three times in the first six minutes of the third quarter Bucks guard  Shaun Livingston  lost track of Belinelli, and all three times Belinelli made him pay by making a 3-pointer. After Livingston went to the bench with 5:50 left in the third he did not return. ROOKIE WATCH:  Hornets forward  Gustavo Ayon  posted a double-double with 12 points and 12 rebounds. NOTABLE:  New Orleans scored its first road victory since Jan. 9.... Ayon claimed a rebound under the basket while lying on his back. With New Orleans leading, 70-57, at the time, that drew boos toward the Bucks from the small Milwaukee crowd. ... The Bucks had 16 offensive rebounds and have reached double digits in that category in nine straight games. ... All nine players that were available to play for the Hornets scored. UP NEXT:  For the Hornets, Friday @ New York, Monday @ Oklahoma City, Tuesday @ Indiana. For the Bucks, Friday @ Orlando, Sunday @ New Jersey, Monday vs. Orlando.  