  Hornets-Trail Blazers notebook   By Kerry Eggers, for NBA.com Posted Thursday February 17, 2011 1:38AM THE FACTS:   LaMarcus Aldridge  scored 34 points and the Trail Blazers rallied from a six-point deficit after three quarters to beat the New Orleans Hornets 103-96 Wednesday night at the Rose Garden. It was a season-high sixth straight victory for Portland (32-24), which moved into a virtual tie with New Orleans (33-25) for fifth place in the Western Conference standings. QUOTABLE:  "Feels good to be part of a team that's really clicking. We're molding, we're building, we're getting tougher, we're getting stronger, and we're winning games."   --  Wesley Matthews , on Portland's six-game win streak going into the All-Star break. THE STAT:  Late in the third quarter, the Hornets led the rebound battle 27-15. From that point, the Blazers outboarded the visitors 16-8. TURNING POINT:  Behind 86-83 with five minutes left, Portland went on a 7-0 run to go ahead 90-86. The Blazers never trailed again. QUOTABLE II:  "It happens. Everybody expects him to play at a high level for 82 games. We've had a tough stretch the last six games, so he's entitled to have a few games off."   --  New Orleans coach  Monty Williams  on  Chris Paul , who was 2 for 6 from the field and finished with eight points, five assists and four turnovers in 42 minutes. HOT:  Portland's LaMarcus Aldridge and Wesley Matthews combined for 21-for-31 shooting and 58 points. NOT:  Portland's  Rudy Fernandez  had a rough shooting night, going 2-for-9 from the field, including 2-for-8 on 3-point attempts. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  New Orleans'  Trevor Ariza  collected 16 points, nine rebounds, six assists and three steals in 44 productive minutes. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Blazer officials were handing out "LA 12, Our All-Star" placards to fans as they entered the Rose Garden before the game in honor of forward LaMarcus Aldridge, who did not make the NBA All-Star Game. GOOD MOVE:  The Blazers used a variety of schemes to defend Paul, much of the time using 6-8  Nicolas Batum  and the 6-5 Matthews on the 6-foot All-Star point guard. BAD MOVE:  The Hornets started going to their bench when Portland coach  Nate McMillan  signaled for a timeout in the third quarter. Sensing the opposition was lulled to sleep,  Andre Miller  faked as if he was going to stop, then jetted to the basket for a layup. NOTABLE:  Aldridge has scored 30 or more points 10 times this season, including in four of the last five games. UP NEXT:  For the Blazers, L.A. Lakers Wednesday. For the Hornets, L.A. Clippers Wednesday.  