  Notebook: Pistons 98, Celtics 88 Posted Wednesday February 15, 2012 11:46PM By Brian Robb, for NBA.com    THE FACTS:  The Detroit Pistons overcame a career-high 35 points from  Rajon Rondo  to defeat the Boston Celtics 98-88 at TD Garden.  Rodney Stuckey  led a balanced Detroit scoring attack with 25 points as the Pistons came back in the second half, outscoring the Celtics by nine points in the final quarter to pull away for the win.  Greg Monroe  and  Ben Gordon  chipped in with 22 points for the visitors who have now won five of their past seven games after starting the season 4-20. Despite Rondo's tremendous night, he got little help offensively from his teammates as  Paul Pierce  and  Ray Allen  who combined for just 20 points.  Kevin Garnett  (hip flexor) also did not play for the hosts, who have now lost three of four games. QUOTABLE:  "I really thought it was a total team win. There were so many things that went on throughout the game, we got great production from everybody who played in the game."  --  Detroit Pistons head coach  Lawrence Frank . THE STAT:  Detroit took away one of Boston's most valuable weapons in the second half: fast break opportunities. After getting scorched for 13 fast break points in the first half, the Pistons slowed down Rondo and company in transition, limiting them to just five points in transition in the second half. TURNING POINT:  Gordon made the Celtics pay for leaving him open at the arc, as the sixth man drilled two 3-pointers in the midst of an 8-0 fourth quarter run. The outburst broke open a tight contest into a double-digit lead for Detroit with 7:35 remaining as the C's got no closer than seven points the rest of the way. QUOTABLE II:  "It's going to be up and down and you know every time it looks like we're about to take off and play well we do this. And I'm hoping at some point this year it'll keep doing this and then we'll take off. But we haven't done that. There are signs that we can, but we just haven't followed through on it."  --  Boston Celtics head coach  Doc Rivers . HOT:  Monroe. Boston's undermanned frontcourt was unable to contain the standout big man in the second half, as the second-year star poured in 16 points of his 22 points (on 8-of-9 shooting) in the closing 24 minutes. NOT:  Fourth quarter Celtics offense. As Rondo cooled off late (just four points in fourth quarter), so did Boston's offense, as the team shot just 27.8 percent (5-of-18) from the field during the final frame. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT: Chris Wilcox.  One of the lone bright spots in the setback for Boston, the veteran made the most of his second straight start to hit post a season-high 17 points and nine rebounds. With Garnett battling a sore left hip, Wilcox could continue to post big numbers if he receives the necessary minutes. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Hall of Famer and former Celtic  Bill Russell  watched the game from courtside and received multiple standing ovations from the TD Garden crowd during breaks in the action. ROOKIE WATCH: JaJuan Johnson  -- The first round pick has delivered back-to-back double digit scoring outings off the bench for Boston. After a strong effort against Chicago Sunday, Johnson finished with 10 points and five rebounds over 25 minutes in the setback for Boston. NOTABLE:  Garnett was a late scratch with a strained left hip flexor. It was the first game he missed all season for Boston.  Jermaine O'Neal  returned to action after missing the past two contests with a sore knee and shoulder. The center finished with just one point and two rebounds in 21 minutes. Gordon hit all four of his 3-pointers in the fourth quarter.  Ben Wallace  had a season-high 11 rebounds off the bench. Boston missed 13 free throws and attempted just six three-pointers. Celtics led by as many as seven points in the third quarter. Detroit outrebounded Boston 24-14 in the second half. The two teams will play the final game of their season series Sunday night in Detroit. UP NEXT:  For the Pistons, Friday vs. Sacramento, Sunday vs. Boston, Tuesday @ Cleveland. For the Celtics, Thursday @ Chicago, Sunday @ Detroit, Monday @ Dallas.  