  Notebook: Bulls 98, Knicks 86 Posted Wednesday April 11, 2012 1:21AM By Kent McDill, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Playing again without reigning MVP point guard  Derrick Rose  due to injury, the Chicago Bulls avenged a loss from Sunday in New York by beating the Knicks 98-86 Tuesday at the United Center. The Bulls held the Knicks to 10 points in the second quarter and led the entire second half. The Bulls were led by  Rip Hamilton , who had his best game as a Bull with 20 points, 18 in the third quarter.  Luol Deng  added 19 points and  Kyle Korver  had 14 points off the bench.  Carmelo Anthony , who had 43 points in the game on Sunday, had 29 to lead the Knicks.      THE FACTS II:  The Knicks came back from a 10-point deficit in the fourth quarter Sunday to force overtime, but the Bulls maintained their lead through the fourth on Tuesday. THE STAT:  The Bulls outrebounded the Knicks 51-33, and had 18 offensive rebounds to just five for the Knicks. THE STAT II:  Led by Korver, the Bulls' bench outscored the Knicks' second team 33-18. QUOTABLE:  "This was just an awkward game for us. We just let it get away."    -- Knicks forward  Tyson Chandler QUOTABLE II:  "I'm just trying to get my rhythm back. We don't have much practice time, so I have to do it in games."    -- Bulls guard Rip Hamilton TURNING POINT:  After winning the first quarter 25-22, the Knicks went 4-for-22 in the second quarter and trailed by 12 at halftime. GOOD MOVE:  Another indication that  Tom Thibodeau  does not let coaching convention bother him. With the Knicks leading 25-22 at the end of the first quarter, he had point guard  John Lucas III  commit a non-free-throw foul, then called on defensive point guard  Mike James  to play the last 6.4 seconds of the quarter. James forced  Baron Davis  into a turnover and the quarter ended 25-22 in favor of the Knicks. GOOD MOVE II:  When it was necessary to give Deng a rest, Thibodeau used rookie  Jimmy Butler  to keep Anthony in check. INJURY UPDATE:  In front of the entire early audience, as well as Bulls vice president  John Paxson  and general manager  Gar Forman , Rose went through a lengthy running drill to test his sore ankle. It was decided that Rose was unable to play in the game, and the defending league MVP thus missed his 23rd game of the season.  Amar'e Stoudamire  also warmed up hard before the game as he continues to work to come back from his bulging back disc that has caused him to miss eight games. HOT:  Korver had an incredible fourth quarter for the Bulls, and finished with 14 points, seven rebounds, three assists and three blocked shots.      NOTABLE:  The loss dropped the Knicks to 29-28, one game ahead of Milwaukee in the eighth spot in the Eastern Conference and one game behind Philadelphia, which won on Tuesday ... the Knicks play the Bucks on Wednesday night in Milwaukee ... Rose has missed 23 games this season due to injury. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Thursday vs. Miami, Sunday @ Detroit, Monday vs. Washington. For the Knicks, Wednesday @ Milwaukee, Friday vs. Washington, Sunday vs. Miami.  