
 Pacers-Nets notebook   By John Oehser, for NBA.com Posted Friday January 28, 2011 10:18PM THE FACTS: Mike Dunleavy  had a game-high 30 points and  Roy Hibbert  added 20 points as the Indiana Pacers pulled away for an easy 124-92 victory over the New Jersey Nets in Indianapolis Friday night. Danny Granger  added 18 points for Indiana, which shot 62.5 percent for the game and pulled away from a tie game early in the second quarter for a 14-point halftime lead. Dunleavy scored 20 of his points in the first half for Indiana, which also shot 60 percent from the floor for just the second game this season. Center  Brook Lopez  scored 28 points for the Nets, who had won four of their last five games. The margin of victory was the highest of the season for Indiana, which snapped a season-high six-game losing streak. QUOTABLE:  "They (the Pacers) are just a desperate basketball team. They lost six in a row and they didn't feel like they were playing that well."    -- Nets coach  Avery Johnson THE STAT:  Ball movement was a major key for Indiana Friday. Not only does Dunleavy excel when the Pacers are moving the ball offensively, the team plays more efficiently offensively when their small lineup passes quickly and creates open looks. The Pacers had 31 assists to 21 for the Nets, and Indiana committed just nine turnovers. TURNING POINT:  The game didn't have the look of a blowout early, with the Nets leading by six in the first quarter and the game still tied 36-36 with just under 10 minutes remaining. The Pacers outscored New Jersey 32-17 over the next eight-and-a-half minutes, and never trailed by less than double digits again. QUOTABLE II:  "It was nice to get some team confidence back. Hopefully, we can build on it."   --  Dunleavy HOT:  Just about everyone on the Pacers was hot -- particularly early. But Dunleavy came out particularly strong, shooting 8-of-10 from the field in the first half, including 4-of-5 field goals from 3-point range. He finished 12-of-16 from the field, including 6-of-7 from 3-point range. NOT:  The Nets didn't shoot poorly, finishing 47.9 shooting, but they never could play well enough defensively to slow Indiana and make a run. The Pacers outscored the Nets in every quarter, and led by as many as 34 points. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Hibbert, the Pacers' third-year center, has had some well-documented struggles in recent weeks, but he played with far more confidence and effectiveness on Friday. He shot 5-of-9 in the first half and was active throughout, shooting 7-of-12 for the game and finishing with six rebounds, two assists and two blocked shots. GOOD MOVE:  With forward  Tyler Hansbrough  out with pneumonia, the Pacers were expected to start veteran  Jeff Foster . Instead, O'Brien opted to start forward  Josh McRoberts , a starter early in the season who had played just four of the last nine games. He was active and helped Indiana with their ball movement and energy early, finishing with seven points, five assists and four rebounds and did not commit a turnover. O'Brien said McRoberts' presence also helped Hibbert, who O'Brien said excels with better ball movement. ROOKIE WATCH:  Rookie swingman  Paul George  has become a major positive for the Pacers in recent weeks. After playing sparingly at times in the first two months of the season, he is getting significant minutes off the bench and scored 15 points with three rebounds and three assists in 24 minutes Friday. He has scored in double figures his last three games. QUOTABLE III:  "We just couldn't figure out how to get consistent stops. They did a great job of ball movement and making their open shots. Defensively, we just couldn't figure it out tonight."   --  Dunleavy NOTABLE: Brandon Rush  missed the game for Indiana with a sprained right ankle. . . Dunleavy's 30 points were his second-highest total of the season. . . . The Pacers shot well from the field, but that didn't translate to the free-throw line. They shot 12 of 21 from the line, their worst free-throw shooting game of the season. . . . Nets reserve forward  Jordan Farmar  missed the game after his back tightened up shortly before the game. "We definitely missed Jordan tonight," Johnson said. UP NEXT:  For the Nets, Saturday @ Milwaukee, Monday vs. Denver, Wednesday vs. Philadelphia. For the Pacers, Saturday @ Chicago, Monday vs. Toronto, Wednesday @ Cleveland. 
