Notebook: Thunder 107, Spurs 93 
 
 
 Randy Renner, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Mon Dec 17, 2012 11:56 PM - Updated Mon Dec 17, 2012 11:56 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:  The Oklahoma City Thunder used a big third quarter and an even bigger effort from  Serge Ibaka  to dispose of the San Antonio Spurs 107-93 inside a roaring Chesapeake Energy Arena. Ibaka led the Thunder with 25 points (tying his career-high) and pulled down 17 rebounds (three short of a career-high).  Point guard  Russell Westbrook  added 22 points and nine assists and Thunder sixth man  Kevin Martin  struck for 20 on 7-for-10 shooting.  Kevin Durant  was also in double figures for OKC with 19 points. 
 The Spurs (19-7) had four players in double figures but none of San Antonio's starters played in the fourth quarter after Oklahoma City (20-4) had built an 18-point lead.  Tony Parker  and rookie  Nando De Colo  led the Spurs with 14 points. Parker also handed out seven assists and De Colo dished six.  Tim Duncan  added 12 points and  Tiago Splitter  dropped in 10. 
 The Spurs were playing the front end of a back-to-back and their 16th road game of the season. They looked a little ragged in the third quarter so Spurs head coach  Gregg Popovich  pulled the plug early. The Spurs backups still managed to whittle the 18-point OKC lead down to nine, even with the Thunder starters in there. The Thunder quickly pushed the margin back to 15 to finish things off. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "Our standards are high and their standards are high, we wanted to play well tonight and I thought we did. 
 -- Thunder head coach  Scott Brooks 
 
 
 THE STAT:  In the third quarter the Thunder outscored the Spurs 16-4 in the paint and 7-2 on the fast break while blocking five shots and stealing the ball four times. OKC limited the Spurs to just 33.3 percent shooting in the quarter. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  An 11-0 Thunder run sparked a big third quarter that saw Oklahoma City outscore San Antonio 29-16 and force six turnovers providing the cushion Oklahoma City needed to get the lead well into double digits and keep it there. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "Just mistakes on our part, obviously we give them credit they played well. Guys like Serge (Ibaka) continue to attack us and make plays. But all-in-all I thought we got a little stagnant on the offensive end." 
 -- Duncan 
 
 HOT:   The Thunder started the game 11-for-16 (68.8 percent)... Ibaka hit his first six shots and finished the first half 7-for-8 (16 points) ... Splitter was 5-for-6 (10 points) in the first half ... The Spurs were 12-for-19 (63.2 percent) in the paint in the first half. 
 
 
 NOT:  Thabo Sefolosha  was 0-for-4 in the first half and finished 1-for-8 (two points). Oklahoma City shot just 38.5 percent in the third quarter and 39.1 percent in the second half. 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  The cast of "A Christmas Carol," playing down the street at Oklahoma City's Civic Center Music Hall, provided the halftime entertainment for the 83rd straight sellout at Chesapeake Energy Arena singing a medley of songs from the hit musical. Major League Baseball Hall of Famer  Wade Boggs  sat courtside. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  The Thunder came out with tremendous defensive intensity in the third quarter holding both Parker and Duncan to 2-for-5 shooting and  Gary Neal  to just 1-for-4. The Thunder got deflections on several possessions leading to six turnovers in the third quarter. The Spurs also managed just two assists in the third quarter. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "We had 15 assists in the first half and two in the third quarter and we stopped scoring. You've got to keep scoring and you need pace to do that because in the half court they're just too long and too athletic. They did a great job defensively and we helped them by not moving the basketball." 
 -- Popovich 
 
 BAD MOVE:  The Spurs focused their defense on Durant, making him see a lot of bodies and  Stephen Jackson  was in his grill most of the time he was in there limiting Durant to just three shots in the first 21 minutes of the game. While that strategy worked against Durant, it left Martin wide open on the perimeter and he knocked down five of his first six shots and Ibaka had open lanes inside and he took advantage, hitting his first seven attempts. 
 
 NOTABLE:  The Thunder have now won 11 straight games, the longest in the Oklahoma City era and tying the third longest winning streak in franchise history. When the team was still in Seattle, the SuperSonics won 11 straight in the 1996-97 season. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Spurs, Tuesday @ Denver, Friday vs. New Orleans, Sunday vs. Dallas. For the Thunder, Wednesday @ Atlanta, Thursday @ Minnesota, Christmas Day @ Miami. 
