  Notebook: Magic 94, Nets 78   By Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com Posted Thursday December 29, 2011 11:24PM THE FACTS: Dwight Howard  took down 24 rebounds, two short of his career high, and blocked three shots Thursday night in leading the Orlando Magic to a 94-78 victory over the cold-shooting New Jersey Nets. Ryan Anderson  led five Magic players in double figures with 22 points and the Magic never trailed after Anderson's 3-pointer midway through the first quarter. Deron Williams  shot 2-for-12 for the Nets, who shot 38 percent. QUOTABLE:  "One thing I told the guys is when we have a team down, we've got to start keeping them down. We've got to bury 'em and put 'em away and not give 'em any life. Once we figure out how to do that on a consistent basis, we're going to be tough."  --  Magic center Dwight Howard. THE STAT: Dick Bavetta  officiated in his 2,500th consecutive game. QUOTABLE II:  "That's amazing. I've been around basketball my whole life and I'm not sure I've seen 2,500 games. Sometimes I'm not sure Dick has either."  --  Magic coach  Stan Van Gundy , emphasizing that he was only joking. TURNING POINT:  New Jersey had trimmed the Magic's lead to 56-52 early in the second half when Howard scored on an offensive rebound and  Chris Duhon  hit a 3-pointer, launching a 19-8 Orlando run. GOOD MOVE:  The Nets shook up their lineup, moving  Mehmet Okur  in at center and  Sundiata Gaines  in at shooting guard because they had started badly in their first two games of the season. BAD MOVE:  They started even worse, missing 16 of their first 19 shots and falling behind by 13 points in the first quarter. HOT:  With  J.J. Redick  coming off the bench with 5-for-7 and Chris Duhon 3-for-4 in the last two games, the Magic have shot 42 percent from behind the 3-point line. NOT:  The Nets have shot below 40 percent in all three of their games this season. QUOTABLE III:  "It is definitely frustrating. I am not playing well right now and the team is not playing too well right now."  --  Nets guard Deron Williams. IN THE ARENA:  Much of the pre-game buzz was about Deron Williams inviting Howard out to dinner on Wednesday night, presumably to discuss their upcoming free agency. "I'm disappointed Deron didn't invite me out to dinner," said Nets coach  Avery Johnson . "Coaches have to eat. I actually call better plays when my stomach is full." FANTASY SPOTLIGHT: Jameer Nelson  (no points, five assists, four rebounds) left the game in the third quarter with neck spasms. ROOKIE WATCH: MarShon Brooks  came off the bench to lead the Nets in scoring with 17 points for the second game in a row. NOTABLE:  It was the first NBA start for Sundiata Gaines, who has played 59 games for four teams . . . The Nets are shooting .363 and averaging 78.3 points per game. UP NEXT:  For the Nets, Friday @ Atlanta, Sunday @ Cleveland, Monday vs. Indiana. For the Magic, Friday @ Charlotte, Sunday vs. Toronto, Monday @ Detroit.  