  Hornets-Bulls notebook   By Kent McDill, for NBA.com Posted Monday March 7, 2011 11:19PM THE FACTS:  It took awhile, but the Bulls avoided the trap and outlasted the New Orleans Hornets 85-77. Coming one day after the emotional win over Miami, and with the knowledge that Hornets guard  Chris Paul  would not play because of a concussion, the Bulls had to guard against complacency. The game was tied at 77-77 with 3:19 remaining before the Bulls put it away.  Derrick Rose  led the Bulls with 24 points and had nine assists. THE FACTS II:  The Bulls are very good at making halftime adjustments. After playing to a 43-43 halftime tie, the Bulls held the Hornets to four for 18 shooting in the third quarter and 11 for 37 for the second half. QUOTABLE:  "They had a chance to put us away and we held tough.''   --  New Orleans forward  David West. THE STAT:  With Paul out of the game, the Hornets had 29 baskets but only 10 assists the entire contest. Paul averages 9.6 assists by himself. THE STAT II:   Jarrett Jack , starting at point guard in place of injured guard Chris Paul, led the Hornets with 23 points, making eight of 19 shots. He had only three assists and five turnovers. TURNING POINT:  It should have been with 9:03 remaining when Derrick Rose hit a 3-pointer to give the Bulls their first double digit lead at 75-65 with nine minutes remaining. Instead, it came in the last three minutes when the Hornets missed their last five shots and were forced into two turnovers. THE MOMENT:  Early in the second quarter, the chant of "M-V-P" started in the upper sections of the west end of the United Center. But the chant was not for point guard Derrick Rose, a leading candidate for Most Valuable Player. It was for rookie center  Omer Asik,  who is having a breakout season as the backup to starter  Joakim Noah . INJURY UPDATE:  New Orleans guard Chris Paul, who was held out of Monday's game because of the concussion he suffered against Cleveland Sunday, is listed as day-to-day dependent upon an examination in New Orleans when the team returns home after Monday's game. HOT: Carlos Boozer  made eight of 14 shots for 19 points and added nine rebounds for the Bulls. NOT:  Bulls guard Derrick Rose had a three-game 0-for-14 streak from 3-point range heading into Monday's contest, and missed his first three attempts again before finally hitting a long-range shot with 3:54 remaining in the third quarter. For the season, Rose is shooting 32.8 percent from 3-point range. ROOKIE WATCH:  Bulls center Omer Asik continues his impressive play on the boards. He had eight rebounds in just 14 minutes Monday. He is averaging 3.9 rebounds per game but has 45 in his last six games (7.5 per game). QUOTABLE II:  "The city is excited about this team, and it should be. This is a great building to play in. This is the best part about playing in Chicago, just being able to play at the United Center. Not a lot of arenas in the NBA have that kind of mystique."   --  Bulls center Joakim Noah, talking about the hometown fans. GOOD MOVE:  Hornets coach  Monty Williams  played guard  Marco Belinelli  44 minutes Monday, and Belinelli made three 3-pointers among his 17 points and had nine rebounds. NOTABLE:  The Hornets enjoy a five-game home stand beginning Wednesday. The Hornets are 21-9 at home. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, at Charlotte Wednesday, vs. Atlanta Friday, vs. Utah Saturday. For the Hornets, vs. Dallas Wednesday, vs. Sacramento Saturday, vs. Denver Monday.  