Notebook: Clippers 109, Timberwolves 107 
 
 
 Dan Arritt, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Nov 12, 2013 2:59 AM - Updated Tue Nov 12, 2013 2:59 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  Timberwolves forward  Kevin Love  became the first player in NBA history with at least four 3-pointers, 19 rebounds and seven assists in a game. 
 
 THE LEAD:  In a matchup featuring two of the league's hottest offenses through the early part of the season, Monday night will likely be remembered for the missed shots. Timberwolves sharpshooter  Kevin Martin  missed a pull-up 16-footer with three seconds remaining, teammate  Nikola Pekovic  couldn't stick back the offensive rebound and Love missed a tip in at the buzzer, allowing the Clippers to escape with a 109-107 victory at Staples Center.    
 
 THE STAT:  Love, who finished with 23 points, 19 rebounds and seven assists, is the only player in the last 30 seasons to average at least 17 points and 12 rebounds through the first eight games of the season. He also accomplished that feat in 2011-12. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "When Kevin [Martin] had shot the ball, I knew we had 11 seconds left. Pek got the rebound, shot it up, so my natural instinct was to try and rush and put it up there. It sat on the rim and, like I said, 99 times out of 100 times, that goes in." --  Love . 
 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Clippers looked like they finally finished off the Timberwolves on the visitor's second game in two nights inside Staples Center, using a 12-0 burst to take a 98-87 lead with 5:47 remaining. But the Timberwolves crawled back behind two 3-pointers from Martin, who finished with 30 points, and pulled within two on Martin's slam dunk off a turnover.  Blake Griffin  hit two clutch free throws with 44 seconds remaining for L.A.'s final points, and Pekovic put back a missed 3 from  Corey Brewer  with 28 seconds left to draw the Timberwolves back within two. Griffin missed a bank shot badly on the Clippers' final possession, but fortunately for the Clippers, Minnesota missed three shots on its last trip down the floor. 
 
 HOT:   The Clippers shot 55 percent from the floor while bettering their league-best scoring average of 106 points. Griffin and  Chris Paul  had their usual solid offensive games, as Griffin finished with 25 points and 10 rebounds and Paul contributed 21 points, 11 assists and six steals. But it was the contributions of center  DeAndre Jordan  and sixth man  Jamal Crawford  that made the difference against Minnesota. Crawford scored 18 points on 7-for-11 shooting, including a 50-foot bank shot to end the third quarter. Jordan battled in the paint with Love and Pekovic and came away with 14 points and 11 rebounds, though he missed all six free-throw attempts that forced coach  Doc Rivers  to pull him during stretches of the fourth quarter. Love and Martin shot under 50 percent for the game, but Pekovic took advantage of his high-percentage looks and scored 25 points and 11-for-15 shooting with 10 rebounds. 
 
 NOT:   The Clippers have their go-to guy for points off the bench in Crawford, but it appears the Timberwolves are still looking for that instant offense. The reserves for Minnesota combined to shoot 7-for-25 and none of the five bench players managed more than six points. The Clippers had three reserves with at least that many. 
 
 GOOD MOVE : The Clippers started the fourth quarter with a five-point lead and reserve 7-footers  Ryan Hollins  and  Byron Mullens  on the floor. The problem was, Minnesota coach  Rick Adelman  sent Love onto the court to start the fourth and Hollins and Mullens don't rebound very well. Rivers recognized the mismatch after the Timberwolves corralled two consecutive offensive rebounds and sent Jordan back in the game for Hollins and Griffin for Mullens and the Clippers soon followed with their 12-0 run. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:   "We were leaking out, I didn't like that." --  Clippers coach  R ivers   on the early fourth-quarter substitutions. 
 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Ricky Rubio's  quest to notch his second career triple-double Sunday night in a blowout victory against the Lakers may have taken some of the hop out of his legs against the Clippers. Rubio finished with five points on 2-for-6 shooting, dished out 10 assists but managed just one rebound in 34 minutes. He also committed his fourth foul and put the Clippers in the bonus with 3:13 remaining in the third quarter. 
 
 NOTABLE:   Paul missed a free throw with 3:46 remaining in the third quarter, ending a streak of 39 consecutive makes. ... The Timberwolves were trying to win six of their first eight games for the first time since 2001-02. 
 
 UP NEXT:   For the Clippers, Wednesday vs. Oklahoma City, Saturday vs. Brooklyn, Monday vs. Memphis. For the Timberwolves, Wednesday vs. Cleveland, Friday @ Denver, Saturday vs. Boston.    
