  Notebook: Knicks 107, Wizards 93 Posted Wednesday February 8, 2012 11:42PM By Rich Dubroff, for NBA.com THE FACTS:   Tyson Chandler  had 25 points and 11 rebounds and rookie sensation  Jeremy Lin  had 23 and 10 assists to lead the New York Knicks over the Washington Wizards 107-93 on Wednesday night. Lin, starting his third game, continued his strong play as the Knicks won their third straight. They're playing without  Carmelo Anthony , who'll be out a week or two with a strained right groin and  Amar'e Stoudemire , away from the team until next Monday after the death of his brother. It was the eighth straight time New York beat the Wizards. Washington's record drops to 5-21.  John Wall  led the Wizards with 29 points.  Trevor Booker  added 17. QUOTABLE:  "I didn't know he could dunk. When he's going in for the dunk I'm like 'no Jeremy, just lay the ball up.' And all of a sudden he dunks it and I was probably just as excited as the crowd was."   -- Tyson Chandler on Jeremy Lin's third-quarter dunk, the first of his career. THE STAT:  Chandler's 25 points were two short of his career high, a shocking stat, considering that the accomplished NBA veteran has played for 10 seasons. TURNING POINT:  Lin hit two free throws with 5:08 to play in the third quarter that gave the Knicks the lead for good. Lin was scoreless in the first quarter, had eight points in the second and 12 in the third. QUOTABLE II:  "He told me that they did a much better job guarding him than we did tonight. I already had that text message before the game was over. Makes dad feel good."   -- Washington coach  Randy Wittman , whose son  Ryan  played for Cornell and faced Lin when he was at Harvard. HOT:   Steve Novak  tied a season-high with 19 points for New York. Novak was 5-for-9 from 3-point range. NOT:  Wizards guard  Nick Young  followed his season-high 29-point performance on Monday with a horrid 3-for-11 night. He finished with seven points. GOOD MOVE:  Knicks coach  Mike D'Antoni  trusted Lin, and he's enjoying watching him grow."I think it's for real. The things that are real are his vision, which won't change. His speed, which won't change, his knowledge of the game, which won't change. I think it can only get better," D'Antoni said. BAD MOVE:  Three Washington defenders watched Lin as he drove to the basket with 3:30 remaining in the third quarter and slammed the ball for a dunk. NOTABLE:  Seven Knicks scored, and five of them had at least 16 points.  Iman Shumpert  had 17, and  Landry Fields  had 16. IN THE ARENA:  Thousands of chanting and cheering Lin fans. There are many Harvard graduates in the Washington, D.C. area, and thousands of Taiwanese-Americans. They turned out to see the first American-born child of either Taiwanese or Chinese-born parents playing in the NBA. UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Friday vs. L.A. Lakers, Saturday @ Minnesota, Tuesday @ Toronto. For the Wizards, Friday vs. Miami, Sunday @ Detroit, Tuesday @ Portland.  