Notebook: Grizzlies 110, Celtics 106 
 
 
 Phil Stukenborg, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Mar 24, 2013 12:09 AM - Updated Sun Mar 24, 2013 12:09 AM 
 
 THE FACTS : Despite playing without injured starting center  Marc Gasol , the Memphis Grizzlies won their 10th straight home game, a 110-106 victory over the Boston Celtics Saturday night at FedExForum. Reserve guard  Jerryd Bayless  led the Grizzlies with 30 points, one shy of his career high, to offset a 26-point effort by  Paul Pierce  of the Celtics, who were playing without injured starters  Kevin Garnett  and  Courtney Lee . The Grizzlies led by 21 with 7:16 to go, but had to withstand a Celtics' rally that cut the margin to two points on three occasions in the game's final 20 seconds, the last at 108-106 with 8.3 seconds left.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We had  Tayshaun (Prince)  start on him and then we went with  Tony Allen.  There was nobody else that could really guard him.  (Quincy Pondexter)  couldn't guard him in the few minutes he was on him. I was just trying to keep matchups tight and not let him just go crazy and he still had 26."  --  Grizzlies coach  Lionel Hollins  on trying to defense Boston's  Paul Pierce. 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Seven of the eight Grizzlies Hollins used in his injury-shortened rotation scored in double figures and three --  Zach Randolph , Allen and  Mike Conley  -- finished with double-doubles.  Darrell Arthur , who started in place of Gasol, nearly added a fourth double-double with 18 points and seven rebounds. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  In a game that wasn't decided until the final seconds, it was Celtic forward  Jeff Green's  turnover with 2.7 seconds that sealed the win. Green dribbled the ball off his foot and out of bounds with 2.7 seconds left, four seconds after Conley made two free throws for a four-point lead. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  A technical foul Boston coach  Doc Rivers  drew early in the fourth quarter seemed to ignite the Celtics' comeback. Shortly after the technical, the Celtics put together a 25-6 run -- without Pierce - to nearly erase a 21-point Grizzlies lead. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  With Gasol out with an abdominal tear, the Grizzlies didn't need to lose another starter. But All-Star forward Randolph was late to a pregame shootaround and coach Hollins did not start him. As a result, the Grizzlies quickly fell behind, 12-2. 
 
 HOT:  The Grizzlies improved to 47-22 and the win total represents the third-most in franchise history. The Grizzlies are four wins shy of setting a record for most victories in a season (50 in 2003-04). 
 
 NOT:  The Celtics lost their fourth straight and were swept by the Grizzlies in a season series for the first time in 12 years. 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  The Grizzlies shot 56 percent in the first half, a lofty percentage that didn't include a half-court, back-to-the-basket swish by the team's mascot, Grizz, during a timeout. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Although he didn't start, Randolph recorded his 40th double-double of the season with 15 points and 11 rebounds. Allen finished with 10 points and 10 rebounds for the third double-double of his career. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Grizzlies: Monday @ Wizards, Wednesday @ Knicks, Friday vs. Rockets. For the Celtics: Tuesday vs. Knicks, Wednesday @ Cavaliers, Friday vs. Hawks. 
