  Lakers-Clippers notebook   By Dan Arritt, for NBA.com Posted Sunday January 16, 2011 8:07PM THE FACTS:  Add another NBA behemoth to the list of teams the Los Angeles Clippers have knocked off this season. The Clippers stormed from behind in the fourth quarter to defeat the Los Angeles Lakers 99-92 in an energized game Sunday afternoon at Staples Center, the fifth division leader the Clippers have toppled this season. QUOTABLE:  "It shows we're capable of beating good teams like them. It would be better if we would keep beating those teams and start beating everybody else as well. That's the next step for us."   -- Clippers rookie  Blake Griffin THE STAT:  Griffin missed eight consecutive field-goal attempts, went scoreless for just over 30 minutes and had just two points and six rebounds with three minutes remaining in the third quarter, but finished with 18 points and 15 rebounds for his 26th consecutive double-double. TURNING POINT:  The Lakers took a 77-70 lead on  Ron Artest 's ouside shot with 7 1/2 minutes remaining, but the Clippers followed with a 24-8 run over the next six minutes to end the Lakers' seven-game winning streak. Griffin and  Eric Gordon  scored eight points each in the run. QUOTABLE II:  "I didn't like our energy.  We had some things going for us, but overall I just didn't like our energy."   -- Lakers coach  Phil Jackson HOT: Eric Gordon , who committed a pair of costly turnovers down the stretch when the Lakers beat the Clippers 87-86 on Dec. 8, scored 30 points on 13-for-20 shooting. He was 4-for-7 from beyond the 3-point stripe and also contributed six assists and four steals, easily out-playing  Kobe Bryant  of the Lakers. NOT:  Lakers point guard  Derek Fisher  was 1-for-8 from the floor with two points. It's the third straight game Fisher has been held to a single field goal. He's 3-for-18 in that span. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT: Andrew Bynum  had his best game of the season since returning from knee surgery Dec.14. He finished with 18 points, 13 rebounds and three blocked shots. Bryant had 27 points, nine rebounds and five assists, but took only two shots in the final quarter. GOOD MOVE:  Clippers coach  Vinny Del Negro  subbed backup guard  Randy Foye  for Gordon with the Clippers down five early in the fourth and Foye hit two 3-pointers during the ensuing run and two big free throws with 23.3 seconds remaining to extend the lead back to eight. BAD MOVE:  Lakers forward  Lamar Odom  got the best of his matchup with Griffin early on, but Griffin frustrated him down the stretch and Odom twisted the rookie's arm after a made free throw, resulting in a skirmish under the basket that led to the ejections of Odom, Griffin, Artest and  Baron Davis  with 5.7 seconds remaining in the game. ROOKIE WATCH:  Griffin shot 2-for-5 from the free-throw line in the final minutes of the game, ending his streak of games with at least 20 points and 10 rebounds at 14. INSIDE THE ARENA: Matt Kemp  of the Dodgers was in the stands, but not former girlfriend  Rihanna , who attended Wednesday's game against Miami. NOTABLE:  The Lakers are 3-5 against teams that currently have winning records, while the Clippers are 7-13. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Monday vs. Indiana, Wednesday vs. Minnesota, Thursday @ Portland. For the Lakers, Monday vs. Oklahoma City, Wednesday @ Dallas, Friday @ Denver.  