  Kings-Thunder notebook   By Randy Renner, for NBA.com Posted Friday December 17, 2010 11:10PM THE FACTS:  The Oklahoma City Thunder again shared the ball on offense, rebounded well and then overcame a poor shooting night from the free-throw line to beat Sacramento 102-87.  Kevin Durant  led the Thunder with 24 points and  Russell Westbrook  added 21.  Tyreke Evans  led the Kings with 22 points. Rookie  DeMarcus Cousins  and  Beno Udrih  added 19 apiece. The Thunder had four players hand out at least five assists. Oklahoma City wins for the fifth consecutive game. The Kings lose their eighth in a row on the road. QUOTABLE:  "That's a solid win for us. We knew Sacramento would come in and battle and I thought they did. We just hung in there and played well. Our passing was good and so was our rebounding."   --Thunder coach  Scott Brooks THE STAT:  The Oklahoma City bench outscored Sacramento's 32-19. TURNING POINT:  Oklahoma City responded to a 6-0 Sacramento run with an 8-0 run over the span of just 60 seconds late in the fourth quarter to push an 83-77 lead out to 91-77. The Kings could not recover. QUOTABLE II:  "I thought our bench did a good job of giving us leads. It's very important when the bench comes in and does well. They've helped us win a lot of games."   -- Brooks HOT:  Thunder backup center  Nick Collison  was one of those hot bench players. He was 5-for-6, scoring 12 points and pulling down eight rebounds. He also blocked a shot and stole the ball once. NOT:  Neither team was very good at the free throw line. OKC came into the game leading the NBA at 85.8 percent but shot just 21-for-33, 63.6 percent, the worst of the season so far. Sacramento was just 15-for-23, 65.2 percent. ROOKIE WATCH:  Cousins started and played 32:53. He scored 19 points and pulled down 16 rebounds. Guard  Pooh Jeter  played 17:10 and scored four points. Center  Hassan Whiteside  is on assignment to the NBA D-League. Thunder center  Cole Aldrich  did not play. NOTABLE:  Durant was named "Oklahoman of the Year", the honor coming two days after USA Basketball named him "Male Athlete of the Year." UP NEXT:  For the Kings, Sunday vs Rockets, Tuesday vs Warriors, Thursday vs Bucks. For the Thunder, Sunday vs Suns, Tuesday @ Charlotte, Wednesday @ New York.  