Notebook: Heat 110, Pistons 95 
 
 
 Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Dec 08, 2013 9:48 PM - Updated Sun Dec 08, 2013 9:48 PM 
 
 THE FACT : The Pistons, who failed in their bid to stretch their winning streak to five games, have not won five consecutive games since December 2009. 
 
 THE LEAD:  Forward  LeBron James  had 24 points, seven rebounds and nine assists as the Miami Heat snapped the Detroit Pistons' four-game winning streak with a 110-95 victory on Sunday night at The Palace.  
 Guard  Ray Allen , who started in place of inactive  Dwyane Wade , pumped in 18 points as Miami avenged its 107-97 home loss to Detroit on Tuesday that ended a 10-game winning streak. Second-year center  Andre Drummond  notched his 15th double-double with 19 points and 14 rebounds while point guard  Brandon Jennings  had 19 points and six assists for the Pistons. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "Obviously, everybody is going to make it as a marquee game on Tuesday but I don't really get too much involved in regular season matchups, especially early in December. They're a great team right now, the way they're playing basketball. We're trying to get healthy, trying to get to our full potential. We'll see what we can do. We look forward to the opportunity to go in and play them on Tuesday but it's not like it's a statement game for us." --  James on the upcoming showdown with Indiana . 
 
 
 THE STAT:  26-11. The Pistons are noted for their sizeable frontcourt and rebounding but they also like to get out and run. They outscore opponents by an average of 3.4 points on fast break. That wasn't the case on Sunday, as Miami had a 26-11 advantage in fast-break points. The transition game helped Miami shoot 55.6 percent overall.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Heat led by six at halftime, then took complete command with a 15-4 run to open the second half. Guards  Mario Chalmers  and Allen made 3-pointers during the outburst and James finished it off with a fast-break dunk on one of Detroit's eight turnovers in the third quarter.  
 
 HOT:  Drummond, who lead the Eastern Conference in double-doubles, shot 8-for-11 from the field and grabbed eight offensive rebounds. He has six consecutive games with at least six offensive rebounds, the longest such streak by a Piston since  Dennis Rodman  had eight straight from Feb. 25, 1992-March 10, 1992.  
 
 NOT:  Drummond's frontcourt partner,  Greg Monroe , had an off-night. He made just 3 of 10 field-goal attempts while scoring 10 points and pulling down seven rebounds. He entered the game averaging 14.5 points and 9.1 rebounds. Monroe contributed just three points after halftime, all on free throws. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "Those guys are pogo sticks and there's not much you can do when they're playing above the rim like that. But once they catch it, you try to wall them up and keep them pinned on the baseline so they don't have an easy shot." --  Miami forward  Shane Battier  on the Pistons' size. 
 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Pistons starting guard  Kentavious Caldwell-Pope  was held scoreless in 18 minutes. Detroit reserve point guard  Peyton Siva  played 14 minutes because of injuries and contributed two points and three assists but also made three turnovers. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Miami forced 19 turnovers, which it converted into 23 points. ... Pistons forward  Jonas Jerebko  had a season-high 12 points. ... Wade, who missed his sixth game of the season to rest his sore knees Sunday, scored 19 points in 32 minutes against the Minnesota Timberwolves on Saturday night. "I'm encouraged by how he looks physically," Heat coach  Erik Spoelstra  said. "That's the most important thing. He's going to get better and quicker as the season goes on. We want to be very diligent and judicious early on to make sure he's taking forward steps instead of backward steps." ... Pistons sixth man  Rodney Stuckey  missed the game with left knee patellar tendinitis. He banged knees during Detroit's victory in Chicago on Saturday. ... Prior to Sunday, Battier had taken nine charges this season, nearly half of the Heat's total of 19. ... Detroit scored 56 of its points in the paint.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Tuesday @ Indiana, Saturday vs. Cleveland, Monday, Dec. 16 vs. Utah. For the Pistons, Tuesday vs. Minnesota, Wednesday @ New Orleans, Friday vs. Brooklyn. 
