  Notebook: Spurs 114, Cavaliers 98 Posted Sunday April 22, 2012 10:45PM By Danny Sanchez, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  San Antonio continues to head into the playoffs peaking at the right time. They are 18 of 20 since their March 21st win against Minnesota, and their margin of victory four of the last five games has been by 21 points or more. Close to clinching the top spot in the Western Conference, they've been more aggressive and closing out games like a top contender should. The Spurs (46-16) were led by  Manu Ginobili,  who had 20 points in just 22 minutes and  Stephen Jackson,  who scored 13 of his 17 points in the fourth quarter. Cleveland (21-42), who lost to San Antonio 125-90 on April 3rd, were more competitive, as they were only down at halftime 52-44. The were led by  Antawn Jamison  who had 21 points on 8-of-20 shooting and  Kyrie Irving  with 19 points. QUOTABLE:  "Yeah, we want to clinch as soon as possible. Tomorrow we hope to have a good game here as we're trying to play our best and keep improving. We still have a little room for improvement and we want to become more solid and play a better game than today. If we can pick up the aggressiveness then we can try to set the pace for the playoffs."  --  Ginobili THE STAT:  One. With Oklahoma City losing to Los Angeles 114-106 in two overtimes, and coupled with the Spurs victory tonight, San Antonio needs a win tomorrow against Portland to clinch the Western Conference number one seed for the playoffs. TURNING POINT:  Only leading by 10, the Spurs quickly went on a 11-1 run in a three minute span. The spurt was led by Jackson,who had eight points during that run and his 25-foot 3-pointer with 5:11 gave the Spurs their largest lead 102-82. QUOTABLE II:  "Again, I just congratulated our guys. Obviously we want to win games, but just showing how hard they have been playing and not taking anything for granted. Not looking at the schedule, not looking at the fact that you have three games left in four nights. Just taking each game one game at a time and doing the first thing on the board every night which is compete and our guys have been doing that. You're playing against a team that has admirations of winning a championship. They're one of the best teams in the league. We competed for 48 minutes."  --  Cavaliers head coach  Byron Scott. HOT:  Jackson had four points going into the fourth quarter. He tripled his production in the fourth scoring 13 points. He was 3-of-5 from the field, including 2-of-3 from the 3-point line. He was also perfect with his free throws going 5-for-5. NOT:  Cleveland's fourth quarter defense. They were in striking distance, cutting the Spurs lead down to 10, but let the Spurs bench, which scored all 33 of San Antonio's fourth quarter points, have their way. They were 11-of-18 (61 percent) from the field, 3-of-4 from the 3-point line (75 percent) and 8-of-9 (89 percent) from the free throw line. ROOKIE WATCH:  Cavaliers guard Irving returned to the Cavaliers' line-up on Wednesday after sitting nine games because of a right shoulder sprain. The front running candidate for NBA rookie of the year was 8-of-18 for 19 points with three assists and two rebounds. NOTABLE:  San Antonio sweep the two game series against Cleveland... Alonzo Gee  returned to the Cavalier's line-up after missing three games because of a sprained left ankle. The former Spurs had 10 points in his return... Tim Duncan  suited up, but did not play. It was the the sixth game that he has not played in this season. UP NEXT:  For the Cavaliers, Monday @ Memphis, Wednesday vs. Washington, Thursday @ Chicago. For the Spurs, Monday vs. Portland, Wednesday @ Phoenix, Thursday @ Golden State.  