Notebook: Bobcats 106, Magic 100 
 
 
 Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Jan 18, 2013 11:27 PM - Updated Fri Jan 18, 2013 11:27 PM 
 
 THE FACTS: Kemba Walker  had 25 points and eight rebounds to help the Charlotte Bobcats end a five-game losing steak at the expense of the Orlando Magic, 106-100. 
 The Bobcats led almost all the way, holding off a late Magic rally to win for only the third time in 27 games. 
 Playing on a sore left ankle, Walker also had five assists. 
 
 Gerald Henderson  added 17 points, all in the first half, while  Hakim Warrick  and  Ramon Sessions  added 15 each for the Bobcats, who were shooting 50 percent for the first time this season until going cold in the final three minutes. 
 
 Arron Afflalo  scored 23 points for the Magic.  Jameer Nelson  had 22 points and seven assists before leaving the game after a collision with Bobcats center  Brendan Haywood  in the final minute. 
 
 THE STAT:  The Magic, who beat the Clippers in Los Angeles last Saturday and the Indiana Pacers on Wednesday night, have lost six straight games against losing teams. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We're 14-25 so we have to respect everybody. They're a young team. Maybe they're not playing well, but those guys are in the NBA; that means they can play. We respected them. We just didn't play well enough." --  Magic center  Nik Vucevic. 
 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Magic scored only two points over the last 3:49 of the first half as a one-point deficit turned into 57-45 at halftime. 
 
 HOT:  Henderson made eight of 10 shots in the first half. 
 
 NOT:  Playing in only his third game back from a shoulder injury, Magic forward Glen Davis made only 1-of-5 shots in 24 foul-plagued minutes. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Walker, favoring his left ankle early in the game, played almost 36 minutes for Charlotte, basically playing through the injury. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I was going to play regardless, but I feel fine. The guys around me keep me positive, and I try my best to keep them positive. We're a team and we're all in this together. All we can do is learn from these losses, and that's what we're doing. We're getting better every day." --  Walker. 
 
 
 BAD MOVE:  With the Magic down four and only 51 seconds left, Afflalo pitched a fit after spinning into the lane and not getting a call. He drew a very damaging technical foul that reduced the Magic's chances from slim to very slim. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "You're not always going to get the whistle. I should have got a better shot." --  Afflalo. 
 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Vucevic's eight-game streak of double-doubles ended when he came up one rebound short. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH: Andrew Nicholson , playing 18-plus minutes because of Davis' fouls, had 10 points and six rebounds . . . The Bobcats'  Jeffery Taylor  had only one basket, but it was a big three-pointer after the Magic had trimmed the lead to three late in the third quarter . . . After starting 20 straight games, the Magic's  Maurice Harkless  has logged only 47 minutes in the last nine games, including none against the Bobcats. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Charlotte's last four wins have been on the road. They have not won a game at home since Nov. 21. "This whole league's about back to backs," said  Mike Dunlap , who will coach the Bobcats at home against Sacramento on Saturday night. "We've talked a lot about that and at some point in time we've got to cross that threshold and come off the road and win one at home." . . . Fifteen of the Magic's 21 free throws came in the fourth quarter. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Bobcats: Saturday vs. Sacramento, Monday vs. Houston, Wednesday vs. Atlanta. For the Magic: Sunday vs. Dallas, Tuesday @ Detroit, Thursday vs. Toronto. 
