Notebook: Magic 107, Nets 86 
 
 
 Dick Scanlon, for NB A.com 
 
Posted Sun Nov 03, 2013 10:45 PM - Updated Sun Nov 03, 2013 10:45 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The coaching debut of  Jason Kidd  came in Brooklyn's 21-point loss to the Orlando Magic. 
 
 THE LEAD:  Rookie  Victor Oladipo  had a spectacular second half and the Magic posted their second straight convincing victory, 107-86. 
 
 Oladipo , who had only five points and four turnovers in the first half, and Nik Vucevic led the Magic with 19 points each.  Andrew Nicholson  came off the bench with 17 points and 11 rebounds for the Magic, who had not won two straight since last Dec. 17-19. 
 Two nights after beating the Miami Heat at home, the Nets shot 39 percent, took a beating on the boards and lost to the team with the NBA's worst record last season. 
 
 Brook Lopez  scored a game-high 21 points for Brooklyn. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "The great thing about the NBA is it's a long game. Both halves are like two whole games because there's no telling how you can play the second half. So I just try to stay focused and play hard on both ends." 
 -- Oladipo 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Led by Vucevic and Nicholson, the Magic outrebounded the Nets 15-7 in the decisive third quarter and 54-42 for the game. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "Being a bigger team is being able to rebound the ball, and we just didn't do that tonight." 
 -- Nets coach Kidd. 
 
 
 TURNING POINT:  With two baskets by  Paul Pierce , the Nets were in the early stages of a third-quarter run when Oladipo drove into the lane and spinned around 6-foot-11  Andray Blatche  for a layup, starting a 7-2 Magic run that pushed their lead back to 16. 
 
 HOT:  Oladipo and Nicholson came off the Magic bench with 36 points on 14-for-26 shooting. 
 
 NOT:  Kevin Garnett  shot 3-for-11 for the Nets and is shooting .333 (10-for-30) for the season). 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  The Magic started the fourth quarter with a three-guard lineup, including  Jameer Nelson , Oladipo and  E'Twaun Moore , and quickly stretched a 15-point lead to 21. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Oladipo tried to fight through a trap with a  corner jump shot late in the third quarter. The shot was stuffed by Garnett, but Nicholson picked it up off the floor and beat the shot clock with a 16-footer. 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Kidd wants to limit the minutes of Garnett and Pierce, and it looks unlikely the veterans will be putting up the kind of numbers they have posted throughout their careers. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "All those guys are very, very accomplished, but there's only one ball. It's a team game." 
 -- Magic guard  Arron Afflalo , on the Nets. 
 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Oladipo had his best game so far (19 points, six rebounds, six assists). Brooklyn rookie  Mason Plumlee  played the final 2:50, scoring two points. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Kidd served a suspension for the Nets' first two games. ... The Magic's last two-game winning streak was actually a four-game streak that ended with a win against Washington, a game in which  Glen Davis  sustained a foot injury hat has been surgically repaired twice. ... Only Vucevic and Lopez scored in a four-minute, 57-second stretch of the second quarter. ... Magic opponents are shooting .403 after four games. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Nets: Tuesday vs. Utah; Friday @ Washington, Saturday vs. Indiana. For the Magic: Wednesday vs. L.A. Clippers, Friday vs. Boston, Saturday @ Atlanta. 
