Notebook: Grizzlies 88, Warriors 81 (OT) 
 
 
 Geoff Lepper, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Thu Nov 21, 2013 2:52 AM - Updated Thu Nov 21, 2013 2:52 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Grizzlies extended their winning streak against the Warriors to 11 consecutive games, a run that dates back to Nov. 3, 2010. 
 
 THE LEAD: Mike Conley  scored five of his 19 points in overtime as the Memphis Grizzlies recovered from a dire first-half performance to beat the Golden State Warriors 88-81 Wednesday night. 
 
 Zach Randolph  had 21 points and 12 rebounds as the Grizzlies (7-5), who trailed 44-34 at intermission, completed a perfect four-game road trip by sweeping the entire contingent of California teams.  Marc Gaso l added 18 points, 11 rebounds, four blocks and four assists for Memphis, which won despite the absence of suspended guard  Tony Allen . 
 Golden State (8-4) proved unable to survive without injured point guard  Stephen Curry,  who was forced to sit out due to a concussion he suffered Monday.  Andre Iguodala  delivered 14 assists in Curry's place at the point, but went just 3-for-14 from the field, including a miss with the final shot of regulation.  Klay Thompson 's  21 points topped the Warriors, who lost at home for the first time this season. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We heard it all. There was a lot of rumbling going on in Memphis, from our fans, from media, everywhere. And we knew it. We weren't the same team the first three or four games. And I think we started to get it back here. The last five or six games, we're starting to play our style of basketball. And I think we almost play better when our back's against the wall." --  Conley . 
 
 
 THE STAT : Despite shooting just 38.6 percent from the floor, Memphis still managed to win by limiting the damage in other areas. The Grizzlies coughed up only seven turnovers, and Golden State -- which came into Wednesday averaging 20.0 points per game off opponent miscues -- turned them into just four points. 
 
 TURNING POINT : Memphis righted itself in the third quarter, holding Golden State to a 6-for-17 shooting performance with almost as many turnovers (four) as assists (five). The Grizzlies needed just 6 1/2 minutes to mount a 17-2 run and completely wipe out the Warriors' 10-point lead from intermission. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "They make a couple more shots in the first half, and it's too far (to come back), on the fourth game of a road trip. For us to keep it at 10, sometimes it's not pretty, but you can't quit. You have to keep playing." --  Grizzlies coach  Dave Joerger. 
 
 
 BAD MOVE:  After watching Gasol and Randolph repeatedly target Warriors power forward  David Lee , Golden State finally switched up tactics in the final minutes of regulation and OT, using double-teams to try to force the ball out of the hands of Memphis' big men. But Gasol simply took advantage to drop a couple of critical dimes in overtime -- including a cross-court pass that found Conley for a tie-breaking 3-pointer with 1:36 remaining. That bucket opened a 9-2 finishing kick for Memphis. 
 
 HOT:  Grizzlies forward  Tayshaun Prince  is not known as an end-of-game gunner -- unlike  Rudy Gay , the man he was traded for last season -- but he drained a couple of giant shots in OT. The first was a 21-footer off a quick pass from Gasol in the high post at the 55.3-second mark. Then, with 24.8 seconds left, Prince launched a shot-clock-buzzer-beating 18-footer to salvage a broken play and give the Grizzlies an 86-81 lead. 
 
 NOT:  The Warriors were held to just 39.5 percent shooting in the second half and overtime, struggling once again without Curry. Golden State dropped a 76-74 decision in San Antonio on Nov. 8, which was the other game Curry has missed this season. 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Forward  Harrison Barnes  stepped into the Warriors' starting lineup for just the second time this season, taking over at small forward as Iguodala manned the point. Barnes made an immediate impact, scoring 10 points in the first quarter, going 3-for-3 from the floor, including a pair of 3-pointers. But he was muted thereafter, and finished with 16 points, eight rebounds and five assists. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Lee had 18 points and eight rebounds for the Warriors, and  Andrew Bogut  added 12 points with 14 boards. . . . According to the Elias Sports Bureau, the Grizzlies are only the third team to sweep a four-game, all-California road trip, following in the footsteps of the 1987-88 Nuggets and 1994-95 Spurs. . . . This was the first home game of the season in which Golden State did not face a team finishing a back-to-back set. The Warriors had been 5-0 at Oracle Arena. . . .  Quincy Pondexter  replaced Allen, making this the first time all season that Memphis had changed its usual starting lineup of Conley-Allen-Prince-Randolph-Gasol. . . . Golden State big man  Ognjen Kuzmic  got some rare first-quarter run, but it came at a price -- the rookie fractured the fifth metacarpal in his right hand after striking the backboard and he's out indefinitely. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Grizzlies, Friday vs. San Antonio, Monday vs. Houston, Wednesday @ Boston. For the Warriors, Friday @ Lakers, Saturday vs. Portland, Tuesday @ New Orleans. 
