  Bobcats-Raptors notebook   By Holly MacKenzie, for NBA.com Posted Sunday March 13, 2011 4:47PM THE FACTS:  On Sunday afternoon at the Air Canada Centre, the Charlotte Bobcats closed out the Toronto Raptors, 95-90. With every game feeling like a playoff game for the Bobcats who came into the game tied with Indiana for eighth in the Eastern Conference, it wasn't a particularly pretty victory, but it was much needed. The Bobcats were led by  D.J. Augustin's  23 points while  Gerald Henderson  added 18.  Andrea Bargnani  had 17 points to lead the Raptors in the loss. QUOTABLE:  "He's special, man. That's one reason why they traded Gerald Wallace. They want him to play. He's the future of this franchise and he's growing at a rapid pace. He's been big for us this year. He's the reason why we still even have a chance to get to the playoffs after we had a six-game losing streak."   --  Stephen Jackson  on the emergence of Henderson this season. THE STAT:  While the Raptors won the battle on the boards, 39-33 (including 16-8 on the offensive glass), the Bobcats simply shot the ball better across the board. Charlotte attempted 11 fewer field goal attempts than the Raptors, but shot 52 percent for the game, compared to 42 percent shooting for Toronto. From deep, the Bobcats connected on 42 percent of their attempts, while the Raptors made just 24 percent of their attempts from beyond the arc. At the free throw line, the Bobcats were solid, sinking 83 percent of their attempts while the Raptors made just 65 percent of their free throws. In a five-point loss, those 11 missed free throws hurt. TURNING POINT:  With the Bobcats leading by four midway through the fourth quarter, Toronto went cold from the floor. Missing three straight shots, turning the ball over and then failing to make a free throw after a technical foul was called on Henderson, the Raptors shot themselves in the foot again and again. After Augustin hit a tough pull up jump shot with under three minutes remaining to put the Bobcats up six, the Raptors were unable to make up the difference. QUOTABLE II:  "It's great. When you're on a team you always want to feel like you're contributing. Since Coach Silas has been here I've been playing a lot more and our team has been doing better and that's even more important. I've always felt that confidence starts with yourself, but it always helps when you can get confidence from your coach and all of your teammates. That helps even more."   --  Henderson on his increased role. HOT:   Reggie Evans  continued to dominate the glass for the Raptors. Scoring six points on 2-for-3 shooting, Evans pulled down 17 boards in less than 30 minutes of action. Of those 17 boards, eight were offensive. In three games since returning from foot surgery, Evans is averaging 14.6 boards per game. NOT:  After scoring a season-high 29 points against the Pacers on Friday night,  Leandro Barbosa  struggled against the Bobcats shooting just 6-for-18 from the floor for 15 points off of the bench. ROOKIE WATCH:   Ed Davis  started his third consecutive game for the Raptors, but found himself in a bit of foul trouble early against the Bobcats. While he ended up playing just under 25 minutes, he finished with eight points and six rebounds. Once again, Davis struggled at the free throw line, making just two of his six attempts. NOTABLE:  The victory snaps a five-game road losing streak for the Bobcats and moves Charlotte half a game ahead of Indiana for the eighth spot in the Eastern Conference. Stephen Jackson and  Boris Diaw  each scored 15 points for the Bobcats.  DeMar DeRozan  struggled from the floor for the Raptors, shooting just 4-for-13 for his 11 points.  Jose Calderon  added 13 points and seven assists in the loss. UP NEXT:  For the Bobcats, Wednesday @ Houston, Friday @ Oklahoma City and Saturday @ San Antonio. For the Raptors, Wednesday @ Detroit, Friday vs. Washington and Sunday @Oklahoma City.  