Notebook: Mavericks 91, Grizzlies 85 
 
 
 Marlon W. Morgan, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Mar 06, 2013 11:48 PM - Updated Wed Mar 06, 2013 11:48 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:  For the second straight home game, the Memphis Grizzlies dug themselves a deep hole, this time a 17-point, third quarter deficit to Portland, and clawed their way out. The Grizzlies closed out the final six and a half minutes with a 15-3 run that led to a 91-85 win. The victory game without the services of power forwards  Zach Randolph  (sprained ankle) and  Darrell Arthur  (neck and back soreness). Center  Marc Gasol  led the team with a game-high 23 points and 12 rebounds.  Mike Conley  added 20 points and six assists. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We can't keep doing that. Obviously, it might come back to haunt us. Everybody is not going to lose leads like that, but that just shows the character of our team. We are grinders. We all play together and play hard for 48 minutes. That is what the outcome normally is. We come back and rally and get the win, but we can't keep doing that."  
 -- Grizzlies guard  Tony Allen 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Even without their leading rebounders -- Randolph and Arthur -- the Grizzlies managed to outrebound the Trail Blazers 52-38. The 52 rebounds were just four shy of their season high of 56 against Milwaukee on Dec. 19. Sixteen of those boards came on the offensive end, which led the Grizzlies holding a 20-6 edge in second-chance points. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  After squandering a 63-46 lead in the third quarter and allowing the Grizzlies to take a 74-73 lead in the fourth, Portland regained control and went up 82-76 with 6:32 remaining. But the Grizzlies answered with a 9-0 run to regain the lead at 85-82. 
 
 HOT:  Gasol came up big on both ends of the floor for the Grizzlies. Offensively, he scored inside and outside for the Grizzlies. And defensively, he forced Portland's  LaMarcus Aldridge  into taking some difficult shots. 
 
 NOT:  With no Randolph and Arthur, Aldridge figured to have a big game for the Blazers, as he usually does against the Grizzlies. But Aldridge struggled all night, scoring just 10 points on 2-for-13 shooting from the floor, although he did managed to grab 10 rebounds and dish out six assists. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "It is up hill, but we are still there, even with that loss. We just have to roll some wins together. That will take care of itself, but we have to go into San Antonio and get a win there." 
 -- Portland coach  Terry Stotts 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  Former Portland guard  Jerryd Bayless  played a big part in helping the Grizzlies defeat his former team. Bayless hit a 3 with less than a second remaining in the third quarter to cap a 10-0 run and pull the Grizzlies to within 67-65. He then scored 10 fourth quarter points including a 3 that gave the Grizzlies their first lead since the first quarter. He finished with 13 points. ... Grizzlies forward  Tayshaun Prince  missed nine of his 12 shots from the floor, but had one of the biggest baskets of the game. Left wide open, Prince finally knocked down a jumper with four minutes remaining that gave the Grizzlies the lead for good, 83-82. Prince then flailed his arms as if to say, "It's about time!" ... Forward  Ed Davis  didn't exactly shine as Randolph's replacement in the starting lineup. Davis finished with just three points and was 1-for-4 from the floor. He did have six rebounds and a pair of blocked shots. ... The Grizzlies are in the midst of playing five consecutive games against teams with losing records. So far they are 2-0, with a trip to Cleveland Friday next. ... Rookie point guard  Damian Lillard  led the Blazers with 20 points. But after making seven of his first 10 shots, Lillard missed five of his last six shots. ... The Grizzlies improved to 40-19, the fastest the franchise has ever reached the 40-win mark. ... Portland scored just 35 points in the second half while shooting 28.2 percent. In the first half, the Blazers shot 54 percent and led 50-38.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Trail Blazers, Friday at San Antonio, Sunday at New Orleans, Tuesday vs. Memphis. For the Grizzlies, Friday at Cleveland, Saturday vs. New Orleans, Tuesday at Portland. 
