  Hawks-Bucks notebook   By Rick Braun, for NBA.com Posted Monday December 27, 2010 11:27PM THE FACTS:   Al Horford  scored 18 points and grabbed 12 rebounds, and  Jason Collins  also grabbed 12 boards and led a huge defensive effort as the Atlanta Hawks rolled to a 95-80 victory over the Milwaukee Bucks at the Bradley Center to snap a five-game road losing streak. QUOTABLE:  "The Bucks really stayed with it and hung in there, but when it was called for me to make a shot I was able to knock it down, and that's what it's all about."   -- Horford, who went 9-for-15 on the night, including four jumpers of 17 feet or more. THE STAT:  While the Hawks made "only" six 3-pointers in 14 attempts, it seemed like a lot more. They made five in the final three quarters, and each one came after a Milwaukee basket that could have given the Bucks a little momentum. In the second quarter,  Maurice Evans  drilled a 3-pointer right after  Keyon Dooling  made three free throws for the Bucks;  Jeff Teague  drilled a three after a layup by Milwaukee's  Earl Boykins  and  Mike Bibby  drilled a three after the Bucks had scored the last four points. In the third quarter,  Joe Johnson  drilled a 3-pointer after the Bucks had scored six straight points, and in the fourth quarter  Marvin Williams ' 3-pointer with 1:49 left made it 91-78 after a layup by  Andrew Bogut . TURNING POINT:  A 3-pointer by  John Salmons  pulled the Bucks within 69-62 with 3:03 left in the third quarter, but Horford followed that basket with jumpers of 17 and 19 feet push the Hawks back to a 73-62 margin. The Bucks never got closer than eight points the rest of the way." QUOTABLE II:  "They were timely. They were timely, timely shots. And you need those. ... Those shots came at timely times."   -- Atlanta coach  Larry Drew  on how each of his team's six 3-pointers came after a Milwaukee score and stopped any Bucks momentum HOT:  Marvin Williams yielded his starting spot to Collins in a move to give the Hawks size up front. But Williams was still a major factor, hitting 6-for-9 shots off the bench for 14 points. NOT:  The Milwaukee starting five combined to go just 20-for-54 (37 percent). Only John Salmons (6-for-12) made at least half of his shots. Bogut went 7-for-19 and Dooling was just 5-for-13. INSIDE THE ARENA:  One day after throwing for 403 yards in a 45-17 victory over the New York Giants, Green Bay Packers quarterback  Aaron Rodgers  was sitting courtside. ... And because the Giants were still stranded in Wisconsin by the snowstorm out east, New York defensive lineman  Justin Tuck  also was in attendance. GOOD MOVE:  Because normal starting center Al Horford gives up two inches and 15 pounds to Milwaukee's Andrew Bogut, Hawks coach Larry Drew started 7-0 Jason Collins at center and moved Horford to power forward and  Josh Smith  to small forward. Those three made life miserable inside for the Bucks, and Milwaukee's starting frontcourt of Bogut,  Ersan Ilysasova  and  Chris Douglas-Roberts  combined to go just 9-for-29, with Douglas-Roberts (0-for-3) going scoreless. NOTABLE:  Bucks forward  Drew Gooden  missed his third straight game and eighth overall with plantar fasciitis in his left foot. ... Although the Bucks have won three of their last five on the road, they've lost their only two home games in a seven-game stretch and are now at .500 (7-7) at home. UP NEXT:  For the Hawks, Wednesday vs. Golden State, Friday @ Oklahoma City, Sunday @ Los Angeles Clippers. For the Bucks, Tuesday @ Chicago, Saturday vs. Dallas, Jan. 4 @ Miami.  