  Thunder-Suns notebook   By Jerry Brown, for NBA.com Posted Saturday February 5, 2011 12:47AM THE FACTS:  The Suns had a chance to get back to the .500 mark for the first time since mid-December and crawl to within a game of a playoff spot in the Western Conference. But a six-point lead with 6:30 left to play disintegrated in a hail of missed shots and frustration over whistles and the Thunder atoned for a poor third quarter with 31 points in the fourth. Kevin Durant  was held to 24 points but he had help from  Jeff Green , who had 28, and 19 points and 11 assists from  Russell Westbrook  as the Thunder closed out a tight game good defense and timely offense. 'Russ did a great job,  James  [ Harden ] and Jeff and I just tried to follow the lead," Durant said. "I didn't want to force anything on the offensive end. I just try to help my team as much as I can." Westbrook, who was named a Western Conference All-Star reserve, held  Steve Nash  to 12 points and eight assists in the head-to-head battle.  Vince Carter  had his best scoring game as a Sun with 33 points, but 30 of them came in the first three quarters and his missed a handful of wide-open looks in the fourth quarter when Phoenix was desperate for a basket. "The shot I missed were wide open. Maybe if they had guarded me closer I would have made them," Carter said. QUOTABLE:  "We battled and we closed the game and that's always a key for us, closing games. We know we can score with any team in the league, but we have to defend. This was a tough win for us against a tough team and we fought through."   -- Russell Westbrook. THE STAT:  Carter had his first 30-point game in nearly a year (he had 48 points for Orlando against New Orleans on Feb. 8, 2010) and made 10-for-14 from the field including five 3-pointers in seven tries. But in the fourth quarter, Carter missed six of seven shots and four of five 3-pointers as the Suns shot 30 percent (6-for-20) and were outscored 31-20. TURNING POINT:  The Suns led 94-88 with 6:30 left to play when the Thunder went on a 9-3 run aided by a questionable goaltending call against  Channing Frye  and back-to-back technical fouls against Nash and  Grant Hill  for protesting a Hill foul against Durant. QUOTABLE II:  "I felt the momentum change with those techs. Steve [Nash] didn't say anything and they gave him a tech and then I told him Steve didn't say anything and they gave me a tech. [Referee]  Mike Callahan , who I have a lot of respect for, he was his usual consistent, steady self tonight ... and I'll just leave it at that."    -- Phoenix forward Grant Hill on the technical fouls he and Nash received from referee David Guthrie with 4:14 left to play. STAT II:  Durant came into the game with three 40-point games in his last four, but was held to 24 points on 8-for-16 shooting and didn't not make a 3-pointer (0-for-2). It was only the ninth time this season and the fifth time in the last 29 games that Durant scored 24 points or fewer. But his 24 points and 11 rebounds were enough to get the Thunder the win. NOTABLE:  The combined NBA experience of Oklahoma City's starting lineup of Durant (three years), Green (three),  Nenad Kristic  (six),  Thabo Sefolosha  (four) and Westbrook (two) is just two more than Suns starting forward Grant Hill (16). Three Phoenix starters -- Hill, Nash (14) and Carter (12) have 42 years of experience between them. NOTABLE II:  Nash attempted his 2,199th 3-pointer as a Sun Friday, leaving him one shy of current Phoenix assistant coach  Dan Majerle  for the franchise lead. Nash is already the Suns all-time leader in 3-point field goals made (968) and percentage (.440). UP NEXT:  For the Thunder, Saturday @ Utah, Tuesday vs. the Grizzlies, and Feb. 12 @ Sacramento. For the Suns, Monday @ Golden State, Thursday vs. the Warriors @ Denver and Feb. 11 @ Utah.  