
 Nets-Hornets notebook   By Larry Holder, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday December 22, 2010 11:46PM THE FACTS: Emeka Okafor  scored 21 points and added 10 rebounds as the New Orleans Hornets halted a two-game losing streak by beating the New Jersey Nets 105-91 on Wednesday night at the New Orleans Arena. QUOTABLE:  "Mek (Okafor) has been outstanding. I'm not sure what the numbers are for the team when he plays like that, but it's really tough when you get Mek rebounding and running the court. His presence in the lane, it's really tough to stop us."   --The Hornets'  Chris Paul , who had 12 points, 14 assists and six rebounds, on how much better the Hornets are when Okafor plays well offensively THE STAT:  Hornets coach  Monty Williams  has said several times how poorly the team plays in the third quarter through the last dozen games. New Orleans (17-12) took a night off from that trend as the Nets (9-21) only scored 13 points in the third quarter. The Hornets led 83-63 after the third quarter. TURNING POINT:  Though the Hornets pulled away in the third quarter, New Orleans made its offensive push in the second quarter by going on a 14-2 run to take a 46-35 lead with 5:31 remaining in the first half. QUOTABLE II:  "We just didn't have it. This is the first time this year, though, that we've been 3-2 in a five-game set. So that's good news. I'm trying to find something."   -- Nets coach  Avery Johnson  on the silver lining despite the loss HOT:  The Hornets'  Marcus Thornton . Thornton is again becoming the spark plug off the bench going 7-for-10 from the floor, including 4-for-5 from 3-point range to score 18 points. NOT:  The Nets'  Travis Outlaw  and the Hornets'  Trevor Ariza . Both players shot 3-for-11 from the floor as Outlaw scored eight points, while Ariza chipped in with nine points. Ariza's struggles continue, especially behind the 3-point line as the Hornets forward has missed his last 17 3-point attempts spanning a six-game stretch. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Louisiana Governor  Bobby Jindal  and New Orleans Mayor  Mitch Landrieu  attended the game and preached to the media the importance of the public support of the Hornets in a halftime press conference. New Orleans Saints general manager  Mickey Loomis  also took in the game. Loomis and Johnson are friends, so friendly that Johnson received a Super Bowl XLIV championship ring from the team. NOTABLE:  Hornets guard  Willie Green  will miss at least the rest of the week after his sister and cousin died in a car crash early Monday morning in Detroit after the Hornets lost on the road to the Pistons. Williams said Green will have as long as necessary to return to the team. Green missed his second consecutive game on Wednesday. ... The Nets'  Quinton Ross  was active, but didn't play with a lower back bruise. It's the third consecutive game he's missed with the ailment. ... Interesting coaching tidbits as Johnson and Nets TV color analyst  Mike Fratello  were candidates for the Hornets' coaching opening during the summer. ... The New Orleans Arena attendance was 15,423, which is the second-largest crowd of the season. UP NEXT:  For the Nets, Monday vs. Orlando, Wednesday @ Oklahoma City, Friday @ Chicago. For the Hornets, Sunday vs. Atlanta, Monday @ Minnesota, Wednesday vs. L.A. Lakers. 
