  Notebook: Pacers 109, Timberwolves 99   By Jim Beilby, for NBA.com Posted Thursday February 2, 2012 12:37AM THE FACTS:  In a season full of back-to-back games, the Indiana Pacers' physical style is serving them well. It wasn't pretty, but Indiana clawed its way to a 109-99 victory over the Minnesota Timberwolves on Wednesday night. The win gives them a 3-0 record in the second game of back-to-back games.  Danny Granger  led the Pacers with 36 points and  Darren Collison  added 20 points and nine rebounds. Granger has been playing very well of late; this is his fifth straight game scoring more than 20 points. As usual,  Kevin Love  led the Wolves, scoring 21 and grabbing 17 rebounds and  Nikola Pekovic  had a strong showing off the bench with 13 points and 12 rebounds. QUOTABLE:  "Really excited about this win for our club. A road win, second night of a back to back, against a club that is really playing at a high level. We are really excited to get out of here with a 'W' ... Danny Granger came back to life and had a stellar, stellar night, obviously."   -- Indiana coach  Frank Vogel THE STAT:  For the second straight home game, Minnesota struggled to make its shots. The Wolves shot only 37.4 percent after after shooting 38.5 percent Sunday against the Lakers. This is undoubtedly testimony to both the Wolves' shooting woes and the defensive abilities of Indiana and the Lakers. The Lakers and Indiana are first and third, respectively, in opponent field goal percentage. TURNING POINT:  After an extremely physical third quarter, Indiana entered the final frame protecting a 76-70 lead. In the first half of the fourth quarter, Indiana increased that lead to 18 points on strong offense by Granger and impressive defense by Collison. Granger scored 12 of his 36 in the final quarter. HOT:  Indiana was 7-for-15 (46.7 percent) from the 3-point line, including a couple of key 3s by Granger midway through the fourth quarter to put the Wolves away. NOT:  Minnesota was 3-for-17 (17.6 percent) from the 3-point line, including 0-for-6 in the fourth quarter. NOTABLE:  Granger received a technical foul late in the third quarter for a dust-up with Minnesota's Love. ... Minnesota guard  Ricky Rubio  was named Western Conference Rookie of the Month for the month of January. ... The Minnesota Timberwolves wore the 1967-1968 Minnesota Muskies throwback jerseys. UP NEXT:  For the Wolves, Friday @ New Jersey, Saturday vs. Houston, Tuesday vs. Sacramento. For the Pacers, Friday @ Dallas, Saturday vs. Orlando, Tuesday vs. Utah.  