  Notebook: Rockets 103, Wizards 76   By Matt Miller, for NBA.com Posted Friday January 27, 2012 11:44PM THE FACTS:   Chase Budinger  had not played in three consecutive games, falling out of the Houston Rockets' rotation for the first time in his two-plus seasons in the NBA. But after leading scorer  Kevin Martin  was diagnosed with plantar fasciitis and could not play Friday, Budinger was ready to step into the lineup and display a high level of professionalism. Budinger scored a season-high 21 points on 8-for-14 shooting and grabbed a season-best eight rebounds, and the Rockets dismantled the turnover-prone Washington Wizards, 103-76, on Friday at Toyota Center.  Luis Scola  added 19 points and eight boards for Houston (11-8), which has won eight of its last nine games and improved to 8-2 at home. John Wall  paced the Wizards' attack with 17 points, eight rebounds and six assists, but he committed a team-high five turnovers in a sloppy, uninspired performance for Washington (3-16). The Wizards fell to 0-8 on the road this season, losing these eight contests by an average of 19.6 points. QUOTABLE:  "[Chase's performance] had nothing to do with anybody besides himself and making himself ready. That's really impressive."   -- Houston coach  Kevin McHale  on Budinger's professionalism. THE STAT:  The Rockets made Washington pay for making ill-advised passes and not protecting the ball, scoring 41 points off the Wizards' season-high 24 turnovers. Washington has allowed an average of 29.0 points off 23.5 turnovers per game over its last two contests, committing at least 23 turnovers in each game. TURNING POINT:  The Wizards trailed by only two points, 57-55, just past the midway point of the third period before Houston finished the quarter on a 21-7 run to put the game out of reach. Washington shot itself in its collective feet with careless mistakes and odd shot selection, as the Rockets netted 10 points off five Wizards turnovers and held Washington to only two baskets in 12 possessions during their spurt. QUOTABLE II:  "We were our own worst enemies. We were throwing cross-court passes from one side of the floor to the other, and you can't even get away with that in high school without a steal. We want to run, but we have to take care of the ball."   -- Wizards coach  Randy Wittman  on Washington's mental errors. HOT:  Scola has posted efficient numbers of late, finishing Friday's game with 19 points on 8-for-13 shooting to go with eight rebounds and three assists. In his last seven games, Scola has averaged 15.6 points on 56.3 percent (45-for-80) shooting and 5.7 rebounds (1.6 offensive). NOT:   Andray Blatche  made little impact on this game aside from his three steals. Including Friday's two-point outing on 1-for-6 shooting, Blatche has been limited to an average of 8.4 points on 32.7 percent (16-for-49) shooting and 6.4 boards over his last five games. GOOD MOVE:  With Martin unavailable, the Rockets turned their focused offensively toward feeding Scola in the post to take advantage of his matchup with rookie forward  Jan Vesely . Vesley gave a solid effort on defense, but it simply was not nearly enough to slow down the veteran forward's versatile post game. BAD MOVE:  After allowing Wall to complete several one-man fast breaks when these teams met Jan. 16 in Washington, the Rockets made the same mistake again for most of the first half of Friday's game. Aside from  Samuel Dalembert , Houston's players continued to bail out defensively instead of at least attempting to cut off Wall's drives to the hoop. At times, it appeared Wall was simply a speeding bullet that the Rockets were willing to do anything to avoid. NOTABLE:  Martin is unlikely to play in Saturday's game against the Knicks. ... The Wizards played without reserve forward  Kevin Seraphin , who had his wisdom teeth removed Thursday. ... Washington allowed 18 points off nine turnovers in the third quarter alone. ... Blatche remains eight points shy of 4,000 for his career. ... Only one of the Wizards' eight road defeats have come by less than 14 points. ... The Rockets have won 11 of their last 13 meetings with Washington. ... The Wizards fell to 0-12 this season when their opponent snatches more rebounds. ... Houston improved to 7-0 when limiting opponents to less than 90 points and 7-0 when it scores at least 100. ... The Rockets, who beat Washington on the boards 55-44, have grabbed at least 10 more boards than their opponent in three games this season. ... Houston's 27-point margin of victory is its largest of the season. ... The Rockets scored a season-high 34 points in the third quarter and collected a season-best 12 steals. ... Houston has built a double-digit lead in 12 consecutive games. UP NEXT:  For the Wizards, Saturday @ Charlotte, Monday vs. Chicago (NBA TV), Wednesday @ Orlando. For the Rockets, Saturday vs. New York, Monday vs. Minnesota, Wednesday @ San Antonio.  