  Notebook: Pistons 98, Bobcats 81   By Derek S. Smith, for NBA.com Posted Friday January 13, 2012 11:27PM THE FACTS:   Jonas Jerebko  scored a career-best 22 points as the Detroit Pistons snapped a six-game losing streak and defeated the Charlotte Bobcats 98-81 Friday night at Time Warner Cable Arena. All five Pistons starters scored in double figures as they picked up their first road win of the season.  Byron Mullens  paced the Bobcats with 18 points. QUOTABLE:  "It was a great team effort tonight. I made my shots early and it felt good out there. Everybody did a great job finding the open players. Tonight was just my night. It felt good to get the win out there."   -- Detroit forward  Jonas Jerebko THE STAT:  Rebounds. The Pistons came out aggressive on the glass Friday in Charlotte. Detroit had four offensive rebounds in the first three minutes of action and grabbed a total of 13 for the game. The Pistons used their rebounding advantage to outscore Charlotte in second chance points 17-8. Charlotte has been outrebounded in six of their last seven games. TURNING POINT:  Offensive woes. The Bobcats scored just two points in the final 4:09 of the second quarter and allowed the Pistons to blow the game open. Detroit led 43-37 after a Charlotte basket and then reeled off an 8-2 run to a comfortable 12-point lead into the half. Charlotte would never get closer than that margin the rest of the way. QUOTABLE II:  "He just came into the locker room and said we have to play better. He said, 'Detroit is not a team that's better than us but tonight they played better than us.'"   -- Charlotte forward  Boris Diaw HOT:   Greg Monroe  has evolved into a solid contributor for Detroit. The Pistons center scored 19 points and grabbed nine rebounds Friday against Charlotte. Monroe has averaged 18.5 points and nine rebounds in the last six games. Monroe made 21-of-36 shots in his last two outings while scoring 51 points. NOT:  Diaw is arguably the Charlotte Bobcats most versatile player. However, Diaw has not been productive on the offensive end of late for Charlotte. Diaw has scored seven points total in his last three games on 3-for-19 shooting and has been held to four points or less in four of his last five games. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:   Byron Mullens.  The Bobcats most recent acquisition has been a pleasant surprise. Mullens has scored in double figures in eight of his last 10 contests including averaging 18.0 points and 7.0 rebounds. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Bobcats owner  Michael Jordan  was at the game, but was not in his courtside seats. He did meet  Fernando Aguirre , CEO of Chiquita, at the game. Aguirre recently announced that Chiquita was moving its headquarters to Charlotte and also announced that the Chiquita Classic event on the PGA Nationwide Tour was coming to Charlotte in 2012. Also in attendance were actress  Angie Harmon  and her husband, former NFL player  Jason Sehorn . The Bobcats also had  Vinny  from Jersey Shore at the game. ROOKIE WATCH:  Tonight it was the battle of lottery pick point guards. Charlotte's  Kemba Walker  and Detroit's  Brandon Knight  were selected back-to-back in the last year's draft and tonight Knight and his team came out on top. Knight scored 13 points, grabbed 10 rebounds and dished out four assists while adding a blocked shot and a steal. Walker played well off the bench with 16 points. NOTABLE:   Bismack Biyombo  had a career-best five blocked shots. ...  Gerald Henderson  was held to single digits for the first time in five contests. ...  D.J. Augustin  had a season-high 13 assists for Charlotte. ... The Bobcats are last in scoring in the NBA. ... The Bobcats have been abysmal from the three-point line in their last three games. They have made just one triple in each game and are a total of 3-for-29 from behind the arc in that three-game stretch. ... Add  DeSagana Diop  to the list of Bobcats injuries. The center was a late scratch with knee inflammation. ... Pistons guard  Brandon Knight  recorded his first double-double of the season with 13 points and 10 rebounds. ... Monroe had 20-plus points for the fourth time this season. ...  Ben Gordon  netted double figures for the eighth time this season while teammate  Tayshaun Prince  had double figures for the seventh time this year. UP NEXT:  For the Pistons, Sunday vs. Golden State, Tuesday @Houston, Wednesday @ Minnesota. For the Bobcats, Saturday vs. Golden State, Monday vs. Cleveland, Tuesday @ Orlando.  