Notebook: Bobcats 108, Knicks 98 
 
 
 Derek S. Smith, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Jan 14, 2014 11:15 PM - Updated Tue Jan 14, 2014 11:19 PM 
 
 THE FACT :  The Bobcats went 38-for-75 from the floor against New York for a 50.7 percent field goal percentage and are 3-0 on the season when shooting 50 percent or better.  
 
 THE LEAD: Al Jefferson  scored a season-high 35 points as the Charlotte Bobcats snapped the New York Knicks five-game losing streak with a 108-98 win Tuesday night at Time Warner Cable Arena.  Carmelo Anthony  scored a team-high 20 points while the  Mike Woodson-J.R. Smith  feud took another turn as Smith was the lone active Knick not to see action in Charlotte.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I was feeling good tonight. I made sure I had a good foundation on every one of my shots because I really don't have any lift out of my right ankle. I got a good base and things worked out really well for me out there." 
 -- Charlotte center Al Jefferson 
 
 
 THE STAT:  After allowing a season-high 23 second-chance points in the team's 103-97 loss at Chicago on Saturday, the Bobcats (16-23) only allowed four second-chance points against the Knicks (15-23) and also picked up a 37-32 rebounding edge in the game. Charlotte is 8-6 when equaling or bettering its opponent on the glass this season.  
 
 TURNING POINT: Kemba Walker  scored eight of his 25 points in rapid succession early in the fourth quarter to boost the Bobcats. The Knicks cut the deficit to four points on a  Beno Udrih  jumper, then Walker took over. He first layed it in off an assist from Jefferson and then knocked down back-to-back 3-pointers to give the Bobcats a 12-point lead which was their largest at the time. The Knicks would only bring it to single digits once the rest of the way.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I'm not even commenting on J.R. (Smith). I just didn't play him tonight. I just didn't play him." 
 -- New York coach Mike Woodson 
 
 
 HOT:  Walker scored 25 points, tallying double figures for the 27th time in his last 28 games. Walker has scored 25 points in all three matchups against the Knicks this season and has recorded at least 20 points in six of his last eight games against New York.  
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Jefferson was a man on a mission Tuesday night. The Bobcats center scored a season-high 35 points on 14-for-20 shooting, setting Bobcats season highs for points and field goals. Jefferson scored in double figures for the 27th time this season and scored 20 or more points for the 10th time this season. 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA: DeAngelo Williams, Mike Tolbert  and  Charles Godfrey  of the Carolina Panthers were all in the arena. The Bobcats also recognized the Charlotte 49ers football team who just finished their inaugural college football season with head coach  Brad Lambert  being recognized on the court between the first and second quarter. There were numerous J.R. Smith chants from the many Knicks fans in attendance which drew the attention of Smith, but didn't warrant any action by Woodson.  
 
 ROOKIE WATCH: Cody Zeller  had two points in 15 minutes of play and grabbed four rebounds and had one assist.  Tim Hardaway Jr.  had 12 points, one rebound and one assist for the Knicks in the loss.  Toure' Murray  played eight minutes and failed to scored, but did have two assists and one rebound.  
 
 NOTABLE:  The Bobcats' five turnovers tied the franchise record for fewest turnovers in a game. The previous low was one turnover, done March 12, 2005 against the Lakers and on Jan. 4, 2006 at Boston. ... Bobcats guard  Gerald Henderson  scored 17 points, posting double figures for the 29th time in the last 30 games. ... Bobcats forward  Anthony Tolliver  was 3-for-3 from beyond the three-point line and is a perfect 8-for-8 over his last three games. ... Carmelo Anthony scored 20 points. He has reached double figures in every game he has appeared in this season. ... The Knicks are 4-21 when Anthony has fewer than four assists. Anthony had three against the Bobcats. ... Knicks forward  Amar'e Stoudemire  scored 17 points, recording double figures for the 14th time this season. ... Knicks guard  Raymond Felton  scored 13 points, posting double figures for the 13th time this season.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Thursday @ Indiana, Friday vs. L.A. Clippers, Monday vs. Brooklyn. For the Bobcats, Wednesday @ Philadelphia, Friday @ Orlando, Saturday vs. Miami.  
