Notebook: Grizzlies 105, Timberwolves 88 
 
 
 Marlon W. Morgan, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Feb 10, 2013 10:03 PM - Updated Sun Feb 10, 2013 10:03 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:  The Memphis Grizzlies found their offense in the second half, outscoring Minnesota, 58-41, while shooting 57 percent as they won their second game in a row, 105-88. The Grizzlies had four players score in double figures, led by  Tayshaun Prince 's 18 as he was a perfect 8-for-8 from the floor.  Zach Randolph, Mike Conley  and  Austin Daye  chipped in with 16 each. The Timberwolves got 17 from  Ricky Rubio  and  Luke Ridnour . 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I really think once we start moving the ball, it gets contagious. Guys want to make plays for one another. Tonight was a great example of ball movement. The pace was better."  
 -- Grizzlies guard  Mike Conley  on the team's season-high 30 assists. He and  Marc Gasol  each had eight. 
 
 THE STAT:  The one stat that doesn't show up on the stat sheet that Grizzlies' coach  Lionel Hollins  puts a lot of stock in is defensive deflections. Hollins was proud that the Grizzlies were able to disrupt the Timberwolves' flow offensively with their 27 deflections. He was particularly pleased with defensive specialist  Tony Allen ,  who had nine of those deflections. Allen also led the Grizzlies with four steals. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Grizzlies were able to expand their 10-point halftime lead by getting hot offensively in the third quarter. In that period, which began with a 15-4 Memphis run, the Grizzlies shot 64.7 percent (11-for-17). Prince was 5-for-5 from the floor and scored 12 points in the third, as the Grizzlies managed to take a 76-56 lead into the fourth quarter. 
 
 HOT:  The three newest Grizzlies -- Prince, Daye and  Ed Davis --  all looked comfortable in their fifth game since being acquired in the three-team trade for  Rudy Gay . The three players combined for 38 points on 16-for-20 shooting. 
 
 NOT:  While the Timberwolves managed to get plenty of scoring from their three guards -- Rubio, Ridnour and  Alexey Shved --  the trio had a hard time taking care of the basketball. The three combined for 12 of Minnesota's 19 turnovers, led by Shved's five, as they clearly missed backup  J.J. Barea , who was out with a sprained foot. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "They let us know when we got on the plane that the airport was closed. It would have been nice to have let us known out in the lobby area rather than sit on the airplane the whole time, but that's all right. I have been through worse things this year."  
 
 -- Minnesota coach  Rick Adelman  on his Sunday flight to Memphis being delayed 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  Prince tied a franchise record for most field goals without a miss, joining Tony Allen, who also went 8-for-8 on Jan. 14, 2012 at Minnesota. ... The Grizzlies have now beaten the Timberwolves nine consecutive times. This was their first of three with Minnesota this season. ... Before the game, Hollins said guard/forward  Quincy Pondexter  would be activated but wouldn't play unless the game was a blowout either way. But with 1:41 left in the first quarter, Pondexter, who had been out for 22 games with a grade-2 sprained MCL, checked in with the Grizzlies clinging to a two-point lead. Hollins said "The moment just felt right. Everybody is going to say I lied. I had no intention of playing him." Pondexter played four minutes and did not score in his first game since Dec. 29. ... In his last two games, Daye has given the Grizzlies something they have sorely lacked -- an outside threat. In the two games, Daye has made 10 of 15 shots from the floor, including 5-for-8 from 3-point range. ... Rubio's 17 points were one shy of his season high. His four assists snapped a three-game streak of 10-plus assists. ... Minnesota forward  Dante Cunningham  was playing in his first game back in Memphis since being traded to the Timberwolves for  Wayne Ellington  last summer. Cunningham had nine points and five rebounds against his former teammates. ... The Grizzlies improved to 15-0 when scoring 100 or more points. Meanwhile, Minnesota is now 0-11 when scoring below 90 points. ... The Grizzlies have held all 28 opponents at FedExForum under 100 points this season, the longest streak to start a season by any NBA team in the shot clock era. The previous record of 23 was held by Detroit during the 1996-97 season. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Timberwolves, Monday @ Cleveland, Wednesday @ Utah, Feb. 20 vs. Philadelphia. For the Grizzlies, Tuesday vs. Sacramento, Feb. 19 @ Detroit, Feb. 20 @ Toronto. 
