
 Pacers-Magic notebook   By Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com Posted Thursday April 14, 2011 12:48AM THE FACTS:  The Orlando Magic held the Indiana Pacers to 29 points in the first half and rolled to a 92-74 victory in the regular-season finale for both playoff-bound teams. Ryan Anderson's  14 points led the Magic, who had 10 players score at least six points.  Dwight Howard  put up 13 points and 13 rebounds in 26 minutes. Mike Dunleavy  and  Brandon Rush  came off the bench with 16 points each for the Pacers, who played without  Danny Granger  and  Greg Foster . QUOTABLE:  "We feel good. We're ready to go. It's playoff time. It's the real season."   -- Howard. THE STAT:  With both teams locked into their playoff positions (fourth for the Magic, eighth for the Pacers), no starter played more than Howard's 26 minutes. TURNING POINT:  The Magic ran off 15 straight points in the first quarter and led by double figures for the rest of the game. But the turning point may have come even earlier when the decision was made not to play  Danny Granger , the Pacers' leading scorer. HOT:   Dwight Howard  made 7-of-9 free throws to lift his season percentage to .596, four points better than last season. NOT:  The Pacers shot 11-for-44 (25 percent) in the first half and 31 percent for the game. QUOTABLE II:  "We certainly didn't want to be blown out the way we were . . . We played to win with the guys we had on the court; we just didn't play well enough."   -- Pacers coach  Frank Vogel . GOOD MOVE:  Howard left the game with 8:55 remaining. BAD MOVE:  Indiana center  Roy Hibbert  picked up his fourth and fifth personal fouls within a span of 36 seconds late in the first half and never played again. ROOKIE WATCH:  Paul George made his19th straight start for the Pacers, producing only two points, two rebounds and no assists in 23 minutes. NOTABLE:  The Pacers went 20-18 after Vogel replaced  Jim O'Brien  in mid-season. ... The Magic led the NBA in 3-pointers again, but with 71 fewer than last season (770 compared to 841) and with a percentage of .366 compared to last season's .375). ...  J.J. Redick  missed his 17th game with an abdominal strain, but hopes to play in the Magic's playoff opener. QUOTABLE III:  "If (Redick) is feeling good, the plan is for him to practice with us on Friday and we'll go from there. ... he will have missed 17 straight games in 5 1/2 weeks. That's a long time. We'll have to see where we are with him, but I think he can help us even if it has to be in limited minutes."   -- Magic coach  Stan Van Gundy . UP NEXT:  For the Pacers, Saturday @ Chicago in Game 1 of first-round playoff series. For the Magic, Satursday vs. Atlanta in Game 1 of first-round of playoff series. 
