
 Clippers-Kings notebook   By Jimmy Spencer, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday December 28, 2010 1:34AM THE FACTS:   Tyreke Evans ' missed free throw with just 1.9 seconds remaining was the difference in the Los Angeles Clippers 100-99 road victory against the Sacramento Kings on Monday night. Kings center  DeMarcus Cousins  made an effort to tip back the miss on the offensive glass and appeared to be fouled by  Blake Griffin , but no call was made. QUOTABLE:  "The ref didn't call it so there is nothing I can do about it. But I did get pulled down on the last possession. ... It's very hard to swallow. We could have won that game; I could have tipped that ball in. It was a great effort by Blake, a sneaky play but he did the right thing."   -- DeMarcus Cousins TURNING POINT:  Evans needed to make all three free throws with 1.9 seconds remaining to tie the game. The Kings trailed 100-97 when Evans was intentionally fouled by  Baron Davis  behind the 3-point line and awarded free throws. Evans made the first two free throws before missing the third attempt. Cousins tipped the rebound towards the basket, and he seemed to be fouled by Griffin on the play, but no call was made and the effort was missed. The loose ball was then tipped out to Evans in the middle of the key but the Kings guard missed on a quick shot at the buzzer. THE STAT:  The Clippers were more physical than the Kings for most of the night. Los Angeles outscored Sacramento 50-26 in the paint and won the rebounding battle by a 48-34 margin. QUOTABLE II:  "Things have gone against us enough so it's good to get a bounce our way."    -- Clippers coach  Vinny Del Negro HOT:   Eric Gordon 's team-high 31 points came with a 6-for-7 shooting performance from behind the 3-point arc. Gordon also grabbed six rebounds and tallied four assists. Gordon's scoring continues to scorch. The third-year guard entered Monday night with a career-high average of 23.7 points and is in the top five in the NBA of games with 20 points or more, which he now has done 23 times. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  It looked like the Evans of old -- well, at least last season. The reigning Rookie of the Year, who has struggled thus far in his second season, scored a game-high 32 points, displaying that explosive ability to get to the rim that earned him accolades last season. Though Evans came up short on his final free throw and late game-winning attempt, he proved he is still capable of being the star that Sacramento is desperately seeking. BAD MOVE:  Opting to commit the intentional foul in the final seconds certainly made things interesting. The team didn't execute well, waiting too long to commit the foul and ended up giving the Kings a chance to tie the game. But a missed free throw and missed chances on the offensive glass may make the case that it was a good move. ROOKIE WATCH:  Griffin's dunk in the second quarter came with some lip service to Kings rookie Cousins. After the dunk, Griffin -- somewhat playfully -- chirped back to Cousins, "Come on D, come on!" He stayed in his head until the final controversial play. Griffin scored 24 points and tallied 14 rebounds and four assists on the night. Cousins had four points and nine rebounds. NOTABLE:  Evans told a group of reporters after the game that he is considering a procedure involving lasers on his left foot to deal with his plantar fasciitis. The procedure would keep the guard out three to four months. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Wednesday vs. Utah, Sunday vs. Atlanta, Wednesday, vs. Denver. For the Kings, Wednesday vs. Memphis, Saturday at Denver, Sunday vs. Phoenix. 
