Notebook: Pacers 105, Clippers 100 
 
 
 Dan Arritt, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Dec 01, 2013 7:37 PM - Updated Sun Dec 01, 2013 7:59 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Pacers improved to 16-1 on the season, keeping them on pace to break the NBA season record of 72-10 set by the Bulls in the 1995-96 season. 
 
 THE LEAD :  Paul George  scored 27 points and  David West  added 24 points and 12 rebounds as the Pacers won the rebounding battle down the stretch Sunday afternoon to beat the Clippers, 105-100, at Staples Center. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "Heck of a win for our guys against a great basketball team in their building."   
 --  Pacers coach  Frank Vogel . 
 
 THE STAT : Indiana collected seven of its 17 offensive rebounds in the fourth quarter, when they held off a late charge by the Clippers.    
 
 TURNING POINT : Playing without starting shooting guard  J.J. Redick , who will be sidelined six to eight weeks with a right hand and thumb injury, the Clippers crept back from a 14-point third-quarter deficit and tied the score at 94 on  Darren Collison's  dunk off a turnover. That was as close as the Clippers would get, however, as  Chris Paul  uncharacteristically missed three consecutive pull-up jumpers in the final three minutes, the last two of which would have tied the score.  Lance Stephenson  then made a free throw with six seconds left, missed the second but the ball was tapped out to West for an offensive rebound, and  George Hill  sealed the win with two more free throws with four seconds remaining.  
 
 HOT:  George, who grew up about 60 miles north of Staples Center in Palmdale, scored nine points in each of the first two quarters to give the Pacers a healthy start. West then stepped up with 14 points in the third quarter as Indiana padded its six-point halftime lead.  Roy Hibbert  was a handful for the Clippers all game, but the 7-foot-2 center was especially difficult in the fourth quarter, when he produced nine of his 19 points and half of his eight rebounds. The Clippers received 20 points off the bench from  Jamal Crawford  and Paul,  Blake Griffin  and  DeAndre Jordan  had double-doubles but it wasn't enough against Indiana. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "Paul George is a great player. He was so comfortable in the first half  ... I thought Jamal's offense was great, but his defense was better."   --  Clippers coach   Doc Rivers . 
 
 
 NOT:   Paul, normally one of the best closers in the league, suited up after sitting out Friday's overtime win at Sacramento with a strained hamstring, but he didn't seem to have his normal lift on his jump shots down the stretch. Paul checked in with about six minutes left in the fourth quarter and the Clippers trailing by two, then proceeded to go scoreless down the stretch. Griffin didn't even take a shot in the fourth quarter, despite playing eight minutes. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  As usual, most of the highlight-reel plays came from the Clippers. Crawford may have delivered the crossover dribble of the season in the fourth quarter when he faked left, sending Stephenson crashing into Jordan who was setting a screen. He then dribbled right as Stephenson tried to get back in front of Crawford but ended up fouling him on a 3-point shot, resulting in three free throws for Crawford that cut a seven-point deficit to four and furthered the comeback. Crawford scored 10 straight points for L.A. before its other spectacular play, a half-court lob from Collison that resulted in a rim-shaking dunk from Jordan that cut the deficit back to four again. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  The Clippers were pleading with the officials throughout the game, but at one point they had a good case.  Luis Scola  shot an airball in the third quarter that landed on the end line, according to the replay. Griffin saw the ball hit the line as well and grabbed it before it took a second bounce, but the nearest official awarded the ball to the Pacers, saying the ball did not hit the end line, but rather landed inbounds before Griffin grabbed it. 
 
 NOTABLE : The Clippers are departing on a seven-game road trip and won't play at home again until Dec. 16 against the Spurs. ... The Pacers came in allowing the fewest points in the lead at 85.4, while the Clippers came in second in scoring at 106.8..This was Indiana's seventh straight win...The Pacers' 17 offensive rebounds are a season high...The Clippers allowed the Pacers to grab 50 rebounds. They are 0-5 when they allow 47 or more rebounds....This was the Clippers' second home loss of the season.  
 
 UP NEXT:   For the Clippers, Wednesday @ Atlanta, Thursday @ Memphis, Saturday @ Cleveland. For the Pacers, Monday @ Portland, Wednesday @ Utah, Saturday @ San Antonio.  
