  Notebook: Heat 95, Raptors 89   By Shandel Richardson, for NBA.com Posted Sunday February 5, 2012 6:13PM THE FACTS:  The Miami Heat shook off a slow start and defeated the Toronto Raptors 95-89 Sunday at AmericanAirlines Arena. Forward  LeBron James  led all scorers with 30 points and guard  Dwyane Wade  added 25. The Heat led by 16 in the second half before the Raptors went on a 12-0 run, pulling to within three with 3:23 left in the game. After Toronto guard  Jerryd Bayless  missed a 3-pointer that would have tied it, James scored the game's next four points on two free throws and a breakaway dunk to seal it. The Heat also benefited from solid free-throw shooting, hitting 29 of 34 from the line. The Raptors attempted just 21 free throws. Toronto was led by  DeMar DeRozan 's 25 points. QUOTABLE:  "We came into this game knowing we wouldn't be able to take any shortcuts and it would be a work game. We would have to work the game for 48 minutes. We knew we would face a lot of zone ... We will take this win and move on."   -- Heat coach  Erik Spoelstra THE STAT:  The Heat made 29 of 34 free throws. Toronto shot just 21 free throws. TURNING POINT:  With the Heat holding an 85-82 lead, James made two free throws. On the next possession, he made a steal and finished with a breakaway dunk to close things out. QUOTABLE II:  "For whatever reason they shot 34 free throws, we shot 21. I told our guys to keep driving in the first quarter. We are getting there. I think everyone is seeing that we are playing hard, competing on every play and aggressive going to the basket. We will get it ... and will get some of those calls."   -- Raptors coach  Dwane Casey HOT:  James was 10-for-17 from the field and also had nine rebounds. He was 10-for-12 from the free throw line. NOT:  Heat forward  Chris Bosh  was a non-factor, shooting 3-for-13 from the field.  Shane Battier  also continued to struggle, missing all four of his field goals. GOOD MOVE:  The Heat upped their defense in the deciding third quarter. After allowing several open looks in the first half, Miami put the clamps down. Credit James and Wade for their perimeter defense. BAD MOVE:  The Raptors may have left the zone defense too early. It's given the Heat problems all season. Maybe Casey should have stuck with it longer. NOTABLE:  At 18-6, the Heat have tied the franchise record for best start through 24 games, tying the 1998-99 team. The Heat are now 11-2 at home. James has 13 games with at least 30 points. UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Tuesday vs. Cleveland, Wednesday @ Orlando, Friday @ Washington. For the Raptors, Monday @ Washington, Wednesday vs. Milwaukee, Friday vs. Boston.  