  Notebook: Jazz 104, Warriors 98 Posted Saturday April 7, 2012 12:41AM By Andrew Aragon, for NBA.com THE FACTS: Devin Harris  returned from a one-game absence for the Utah Jazz and his timing -- and play -- couldn't have been better. Harris scored a season-high 28 points and dished five assists to lead the Jazz to a 104-98 victory over the Golden State Warriors on Friday night. Harris sat out of a loss to the Phoenix Suns on Wednesday with a sprained left ankle. Al Jefferson  played until the end of the game despite straining an abdominal muscle against the Warriors and finished with 30 points and 11 rebounds.  Paul Millsap  and  C.J. Miles  also toughed it out while playing with flu-like symptoms. David Lee  had a monster game for the Warriors with 26 points and 12 rebounds.  Klay Thompson  scored 21 of his 23 points in the second half for Golden State. QUOTABLE:  "It actually started last night. I started shooting 3s last night at Leapin' Leaners (a local charity event) in a suit. Everything kind of tightened up and it worked out great for me. I shot the ball great last night in a suit. I don't know, maybe I'll continue to do that."  --  Jazz guard Harris after he was asked how big the rim looked to him against Golden State. He was only half joking about continuing to work on his shot while wearing a suit. THE STAT:  Golden State was too sloppy to pick up the road victory. The Warriors committed 17 turnovers, five more than the Jazz. Utah scored eight more points off of turnovers than Golden State. TURNING POINT:  The Jazz pulled away with a 12-3 run to start the fourth quarter. Harris made back-to-back three pointers, shooting the Warriors out of what's been the best defense against Utah this season -- the zone -- to spark the spurt. Harris also scored on a fast-break layup after a steal and assist by Miles, while Jefferson and  Derrick Favors  also made baskets during the momentum-changing run that put Utah ahead 90-83. HOT:  Lee had a double-double by the 9:03 mark of the third quarter when he grabbed his 10th rebound.  Jeremy Tyler  tied his career-high of 10 points in the first half and finished with a total of 14 points. Harris (8-for-13) and Jefferson (13-for-18) both consistently buried shots, and at key moments. Harris made five 3-pointers. NOT:  The Jazz nearly played themselves out of the game in the first five minutes of the second quarter. They shot 1-for-9, committed three turnovers and fell behind 41-30 during the span. The Warriors were just as bad to start the fourth, missing eight of their first nine shots in the period. Golden State's  Nate Robinson  did more harm than good for the Warriors, shooting 2-for-10 with three turnovers.  Dorell Wright  shot 3-for-12 for Golden State. GOOD MOVE:  It was partly out of necessity, but Corbin kept the Warriors guessing with the use of his point guards. Usual point guard Harris moved over to the two spot while backups  Earl Watson  and  Jamaal Tinsley  took turns running the point at various times in the game. Watson and Tinsley even shared the court at times. Jazz head coach  Tyrone Corbin  said the main reason for it was the three veterans' experience with playing against the zone. BAD MOVE:   Gordon Hayward  has been Utah's best player of late, and the Jazz didn't get him involved enough early in the game. He didn't take a shot in the game's first 11 minutes. QUOTABLE II:  "I saw right before the game. We usually do a shooting drill against each other and he didn't miss, so I knew it was going to be a good night."  --  Jazz guard Hayward on if he had ever seen Harris shoot the ball the way he did against the Warriors on Friday night. ROOKIE WATCH:  The Warriors started three rookies -- Tyler, Thompson and  Charles Jenkins , and each had their moments of being effective. Tyler had five rebounds to go along with his career-high in points. Thompson, after starting 0-for-5, made four 3-pointers and nine total field goals. Jenkins scored all of his eight points in the first half. With Corbin shortening his bench, Jazz rookies  Alec Burks  and  Enes Kanter  combined to play just 13 minutes. QUOTABLE III:  "I don't know what's really going on with it, but I just have to fight through the pain. This time of the year, what we are fighting for, you don't have time to complain about anything. It still bothers me, but I'll get through it, ice it down and I'll be ready."  --  Jazz center Jefferson on his abdominal strain. NOTABLE:  Miles left the game with nausea in the first quarter and sat out until the fourth quarter. The Jazz have won 29 of their last 33 against the Warriors in Utah. Jefferson recorded his 25th double-double of the season. Golden State is 3-12 since trading  Monta Ellis . It was the Warriors' 100th all-time loss to the Jazz. UP NEXT:  For the Warriors, Saturday vs. Nuggets, Monday @ Denver, Wednesday @ Portland. For the Jazz, Sunday @ San Antonio, Monday vs. Spurs, Wednesday @ Houston.  