  Bulls-Bucks notebook   By Kent McDill, for NBA.com Posted Monday January 24, 2011 11:13PM THE FACTS:  Led, improbably, by veteran center  Kurt Thomas , the host Bulls beat the Milwaukee Bucks 92-83 Monday. Thomas, who has started for the Bulls since  Joakim Noah  went down with a hand injury, was the only player in double figures in scoring in the first half with 16, four more than his season high. He finished with a team-high 22 points and nine rebounds.  Chris Douglas-Roberts  had 30 points for the Bucks, and  Andrew Bogut  had 18 rebounds, 15 in the first half. THE FACTS II:  For the second straight game, the Bulls led by 20 points in the third quarter but let most of it slip away in the fourth quarter. The Bucks got within seven points in the fourth quarter and had number chances to cut the lead to four. QUOTABLE:  "Wow! It's been that long?"    -- Bulls center Kurt Thomas when told he last scored 20 points in 2005. THE STAT:  The Bulls finished the game shooting 39.5 percent, and at no point in the contest were they shooting 40 percent for the game. The Bulls have shot under 40 percent in three of the last four games. THE STAT II:  The Bulls outscored the Bucks from the free throw line, 22-8, and made 22-of-25 attempts. The Bucks were eight for 11. TURNING POINT:  Thomas went five for six from the field in the second quarter as the Bulls outscored the Bucks 29-14 to open a 16-point halftime lead. INJURY UPDATE:  An hour before the game, Milwaukee coach  Scott Skiles  said  Drew Gooden  would play after missing the previous game with plantar fasciitis. Then minutes before game time it was announced he would not play. HOT: Keyon Dooling  was four for six from 3-point range, and had a double-double with 13 points and 10 assists. NOT: Derrick Rose  was five for 16 from the field, but finished with 21 points thanks to 10 free throws. He is 22-of-64 (34.3 percent) from the field in his last three games. QUOTABLE II:  "Sometimes. We had to keep going to him. He's the reason we won tonight."    -- Bulls guard Derrick Rose when asked if Thomas was calling for the ball during his hot shooting night. GOOD MOVE:  Bulls coach  Tom Thibodeau  played Thomas 44 minutes Monday. NOTABLE:  At 31-14, the Bulls are half a game behind Miami for the second best record in the East, and three full games behind Boston for the best record in the conference. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, vs. Orlando Friday, vs. Indiana Saturday, at Los Angeles Clippers Tuesday. For the Bucks, vs. Atlanta Wednesday, at Toronto Friday, vs. New Jersey Saturday.  