  Notebook: Clippers 108, Kings 100 Posted Friday March 2, 2012 2:48AM By Russ Edmondson, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The visiting Los Angeles Clippers topped the Sacramento Kings 108-100 before a crowd of 15,512 at Power Balance Pavilion on Thursday night. The game was very competitive for three quarters but the Clippers' lead grew as high as 19 points late in the fourth quarter. This was the second home game for the Kings since the team and the City of Sacramento announced that they plan to build a new arena in time for the 2015-16 season. The Clippers improved to 21-12 with the win while Sacramento dropped to 12-23. QUOTABLE:  "Whether [the other Clippers, especially the young players] ask [for advice] or not I'm going to give it. Put my two cents in -- every way I can. I've been around and I'm the oldest guy on the team now that  Chauncey  [ Billups ] went out [injured for the season]."   -- Clippers forward  Kenyon Martin  on being a leader on this team.  TURNING POINT:  The game was back-and-forth for the first there quarters but the Clippers opened up the fourth quarter on a 9-2 run. The run ended when Los Angeles guard  Mo Williams  hit a 3-pointer to make it 94-81 with 7:45 left in the contest. The Clippers cruised for the rest of game before Sacramento closed the game on an 11-0 run in garbage time. QUOTABLE II:  "It was great to rest on Saturday night and see my family. Looking back I'm so glad I did it like that. There are other years and other all-star weekends to do [the dunk contest]."   -- Clippers forward  Blake Griffin , who had received some criticism for not participating in Saturday night's dunk contest at the All-Star Game in Orlando.  NOT:  Clippers reserve guard  Eric Bledsoe  played less than 10 minutes, missing both of his shot attempts from the floor and fouling out. He also collected three assists and had two turnovers. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Clippers point guard  Chris Paul  finished with 22 points, nine assists and three steals while shooting 50 percent from the floor (9-for-18). The superstar also made all three of his free throws in just over 32 minutes of action. ROOKIE WATCH:  Former BYU star  Jimmer Fredette  scored 11 points while playing just under 13 minutes for Sacramento. All 11 of his points came in the second quarter as he drained three 3-pointers, one from several feet behind the 3-point line. He hit 3-for-5 shots from the floor while adding three assists, two rebounds and three turnovers. QUOTABLE III:  "They had a guy [Chris Paul] who could control the game, get the ball where it needs to go. We're still a team that's learning but we showed that we can compete, but we need have to better sustain it and take care of the basketball."   -- Kings coach  Keith Smart . NOTABLE:  Sacramento rookie point guard  Isaiah Thomas , who was named the Western Conference Rookie of the Month for February earlier in the day, started for the sixth consecutive game. After averaging 19.2 points and 6.8 assists per game over the first five starts, he collected 10 points and four assists in nearly 31 minutes. He also had five rebounds and six turnovers. Clippers coach  Vinny Del Negro  praised Thomas before the game. "He's quick and strong and he can pass and shoot it. He seems to be fearless . . . And he pushes the tempo for them and gets the ball to  Tyreke  ( Evans ) and ( DeMarcus )  Cousins ." UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Friday @ Phoenix, Sunday @ Houston, Monday at Minnesota. For the Kings, Friday @ Los Angeles Lakers, Sunday @ Phoenix, Monday @ Denver.  