
 Clippers-Hornets notebook   By Larry Holder, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday November 9, 2010 11:38PM THE FACTS:  The New Orleans Hornets remain undefeated as they cruised past the Los Angeles Clippers 101-82 on Tuesday night at the New Orleans Arena. The Hornets continue to add to their best start in franchise history and first-year coach  Monty Williams  remains undefeated as a head coach in the NBA. THE STAT:  34 - Points scored by Hornets backup guards  Jerryd Bayless  and  Willie Green . Bayless added nine assists and played so well to help the Hornets cruise past Los Angeles that  Chris Paul  didn't play in the fourth quarter. QUOTABLE:  "I shouldn't have to put Chris (Paul) back in the game to save the day all the time. A lot of the time, he does because he's playing at an NBA clip right now. But a lot of the times, I've learned over my short career that the bench can win you, on a good team, five or 10 games, because they come in and play with energy and they give you something they didn't have."   -- Williams on having such success with the bench play TURNING POINT:  The Hornets wasted no time starting the rout of the Clippers as they started on a 20-5 run to open the game. New Orleans shot 57 percent during the run, while Los Angeles only shot 22.2 percent. While the Clippers cut into the Hornets' big lead, New Orleans jumped out early and Los Angeles never fully responded. ROOKIE WATCH:  Clippers forward  Al-Farouq Aminu  kept Los Angeles in the game with his game-high 20 points coming off the bench. Hornets forward  Quincy Pondexter  scored seven points in his first playing time in the New Orleans Arena. QUOTABLE II:  "I was probably their biggest cheerleader over there on the bench. I think it was a great feeling tonight not playing the fourth quarter. I'm sitting over there because I want to go in, I'm ready to but to see those guys playing that well, I was just so excited."   -- Paul on being able to sit the entire fourth quarter INSIDE THE ARENA:  Saints coach  Sean Payton  sat on the front row at midcourt. Payton was asked in a press conference on Monday about gaining some momentum with the Saints on a two-game winning streak. Payton responded, "The Hornets are on a roll with momentum. We've won two games in a row. There's a difference and we hope to stack some games back-to-back-to-back and we know what that feels like." NOTABLE:  Clippers guard  Eric Gordon  didn't play after sustaining a left shoulder stinger in Saturday's loss at Utah. There's no structural damage to his non-shooting shoulder, but Clippers coach  Vinny Del Negro  started  Rasual Butler  in Gordon's place. "It's a bone bruise. ... We're just trying to be smart about it with us being on a back-to-back," Del Negro said. ... Guard  Baron Davis  (left knee) was active for the first time in five games. Davis, a former Hornets player, was booed every time he touched the ball. ... The Clippers became even more banged up during the game as center  Chris Kaman  sprained his left ankle midway through the first quarter and didn't return to the game. ... Hornets forward  Peja Stojakovic , who is healthy, was inactive for the fourth consecutive game. He's making $183,000 per game this season. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Wednesday @ San Antonio, Friday vs. Detroit, Monday vs. New Jersey. For the Hornets, Saturday vs. Portland, Monday @ Dallas, Wednesday vs. Dallas. 
