  Notebook: Clippers 93, Kings 85 Posted Friday April 6, 2012 1:40AM By James Ham, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Behind an inspired crowd, the Sacramento Kings gave the Los Angeles Clippers all they could handle Thursday night before losing 93-85. Randy Foye  led all scorers with 20 points for the Clippers.  Blake Griffin  struggled early, but came alive down the stretch, scoring six of his 14 points in the deciding fourth quarter.  Eric Bledsoe  gave the Clippers a nice boost off the bench, dropping in 13 points on 4-for-6 shooting in just 16 minutes of action. Jason Thompson  anchored the Kings front line, scoring 15 points and tearing down 16 rebounds. Rookie  Isaiah Thomas  gave  Chris Paul  fits, finishing with a team-high 17 points, while  Terrence Williams  continued his strong play off the Kings bench in the loss. QUOTABLE:  "No, no, it wasn't me going at it. There was none of that. I don't want to get that started."    -- Blake Griffin trying to avoid feeding the fire on what looked like a battle royal on the court with the Kings'  DeMarcus Cousins . QUOTABLE II:  "Of course he would say that. That is what Blake is going to say, because he in L.A., where actors belong. And he is an actor."   -- DeMarcus Cousins on Griffin's comments. QUOTABLE III:  "He's a fighter. He's a warrior on the court. He wills his teams to wins and he's going to fight to the end. That's the little things I've learned, because I'm a fighter too."    -- Isaiah Thomas on playing against Chris Paul. THE STAT:  The Kings continue to struggle from behind the 3-point line without  Marcus Thornton . Thursday was no different, as they finished 4-for-17 (23.5 percent) from behind the arc. Veteran  Francisco Garcia  missed all four of his long-range attempts in 27 minutes of action as a spot starter. TURNING POINT:  Rookie  Jimmer Fredette  hit two huge shots to keep the Kings in this game. In the waning seconds of the third, Jimmer shook a double-team and hit the floater in the lane to cut the Clippers lead to five at 67-62 going to the final frame. But his biggest shot came with 4:35 remaining in the fourth when he buried a elbow three, giving the Kings the 79-78 lead and lighting the crowd on fire. HOT:  Thompson played a strong 39 minutes for the Kings tonight. The fourth year forward out of Rider put up 15 points and grabbed 16 rebounds, while playing incredible defense on Griffin. NOT:  Paul struggled all night long against Thomas, finishing with 13 points on 4-for-16 shooting. Round One goes to the rookie, but these two match up again on Saturday night in Los Angeles. GOOD MOVE:   Vinnie Del Negro  sent  Reggie Evans  and  Kenyon Martin  out onto the floor with one purpose -- to get under the skin of DeMarcus Cousins. The approach worked, as Cousins struggled with foul trouble the entire game, playing 17 total minutes. BAD MOVE:  Up one at the 4:35 mark of the fourth,  Keith Smart  swapped out Thompson during a timeout and the Kings struggled to stop Griffin the rest of the way. This proved to be the difference in the game, as the Clippers barely outscored the Kings down the stretch on the back of their star. NOTABLE:  After scoring a career-high 41 points in Tuesday night's game against the Timberwolves, Cousins finished with only eight points in 18 minutes of foul riddled ball. The Clippers' goal was to get Cousins off his game and it worked to perfection. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Saturday vs. Sacramento, Monday @ Memphis, Wednesday @ Oklahoma City. For the Kings, Saturday @ L.A. Clippers, Sunday vs. Houston, Tuesday @ Dallas.  