Notebook: Thunder 101, Magic 98 
 
 
 Randy Renner, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Dec 15, 2013 11:36 PM - Updated Sun Dec 15, 2013 11:36 PM 
 
 THE FACT :  The Thunder won their 12th straight game at home to start a season. The team last won 12 straight to begin a season in 1993-94 when the franchise was still in Seattle. 
 
 THE LEAD:  The Oklahoma City Thunder let a 16-point fourth quarter lead dwindle all the way to just two points in the closing seconds but a  Kevin Durant  free throw and a  Serge Ibaka  block preserved a 101-98 win over the Orlando Magic. 
 Durant led all scorers with 28 points while grabbing nine rebounds.  Russell Westbrook  added a double-double with 20 points and 12 boards.  Jeremy Lamb  came off the bench to score 16 on 7-for-10 shooting and  Reggie Jackson  added 10. 
 All five Magic starters scored in double figures.  Arron Afflalo  led Orlando with 25 points, but it took him 20 shots to get there. Rookie  Victor Oladipo  pumped in 15 and  Nikola Vucevic  cranked out another double-double with 16 points and 13 rebounds. 
 The Magic were dominated inside, with the Thunder outscoring them 50-30 in the paint and running the fast break to near perfection, getting 27 points on 11-for-14 shooting. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "Our defense was up and down all night and we didn't do a good job executing down the stretch. Tonight we had three or four spurts where we locked down (on defense). The rest of the time we were just hoping they'd miss." 
 -- Thunder coach  Scott Brooks 
 
 
 THE STAT:  In the critical fourth quarter, Orlando outscored OKC 27-18 and forced the Thunder into six turnovers. Durant and Westbrook combined to score seven points on 3-for-9 shooting. But in the last 23 seconds the Thunder forced the Magic to miss both their shots. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Thunder led by 16 early in the fourth quarter and by 10 with just under two minutes to play. That's when things took a big turn. The Thunder missed four straight shots and the Magic made three straight. With the game on the line, Ibaka blocked a Vucevic shot at the rim with 1.3 seconds left to end the Magic comeback. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "Just good defense by the Thunder on our last possession so give them credit for that. Overall our guys really believed from the beginning to the end that we were going to win that game and that's a good start for us." 
 -- Magic coach  Jacque Vaughn 
 
 
 HOT:  During a nine-minute stretch in the first half, Lamb was 5-for-7 (12 points). ... Vucevic was 5-for-6 (10 points) and 10 rebounds in the first half. ... OKC had 17 fast-break points on 7-for-9 shooting in the first 24 minutes. ... During an 18-minute stretch in the second and third quarters Durant was 9-for-9 (22 points). ... Afflalo was 5-for-8 (17 points) in the second half. 
 
 NOT:  The Magic had four turnovers in the first five minutes, three of them by Oladipo. ... In the first 18 minutes of the game Durant was 1-for-5 (three points). ... Westbrook was 4-for-12 in the first half. ... Ibaka was in foul trouble in the first half, played just 5:22 and finished the half with two points, no rebounds and three fouls. ... Nelson was 1-for-6 in the second half. 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  The 125th consecutive sellout inside Chesapeake Energy Arena. ... A Thunder fan sitting in courtside seats pulled his girlfriend onto the court at halftime and proposed. She said yes as security escorted the couple off the floor and up the tunnel. They were allowed to return to their seats a short while later. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  In the waning seconds with the Magic down by four, Westbrook was double-teamed and hounded into a turnover.  Jameer Nelson  grabbed the ball and passed to a wide-open  Mo Harkless  for a slam to close the gap to two points. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Before the game Vaughn told reporters Westbrook's so fast "I have to slow down the tape just to see what he's doing." That apparently didn't help much. On Orlando's first possession, Westbrook darted in front of Nelson and intercepted a soft toss from Afflalo, raced down court and hammered home a tomahawk slam for the game's first points. 
 
 BAD MOVE TOO:  The Thunder turned the ball over on consecutive possessions in the third quarter.  Kendrick Perkins  started to bring the ball up the court and had it knocked away by Oladipo. The Magic missed their next shot, Durant grabbed the rebound but threw a bad pass toward Westbrook which was intercepted by Nelson, who then hit a 3 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Orlando's Oladipo had 15 points on 5-for-12 shooting, four reounds and two assists. He also had five turnovers. ... Thunder backup center  Steven Adams  played 20 minutes, scoring six points and grabbing four rebounds. 
 
 NOTABLE:  The Thunder bench, averaging 33 points per game this season, had 37 Sunday. Orlando's bench players scored 21. OKC is now 14-2 when its bench outscores the opponent's. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Magic: Monday @ Chicago, Wednesday vs. Utah, Saturday vs. Sacramento.  For the Thunder: Tuesday @ Denver, Thursday vs. Chicago, Saturday @ San Antonio. 
