  Notebook: Bobcats 118, Knicks 110   By Adam Zagoria, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday January 4, 2012 11:21PM THE FACTS:  Despite the return of  Amar'e Stoudemire  and  Iman Shumpert , the Knicks lost to the Charlotte Bobcats, 118-110, for their second straight defeat at Madison Square Garden. Even though they were playing the second leg of a road back-to-back, the Bobcats were the more energized team against a listless Knicks defense. Boris Diaw , who entered averaging eight points, poured in a season-high 27 on 12-for-15 shooting and  Gerald Henderson  added a season-high 24 on 10-for-13. Charlotte point guard  D.J. Augustin  played brilliantly, notching 14 points, 10 assists and zero turnovers. Byron Mullens  scored a career-high 16 points off the bench. After returning from a four-game absence due to a strained right MCL, Shumpert looked energized and aggressive in scoring 18 points off the bench, but he did suffer cramps in his left leg during the fourth period. When Knicks coach Mike D'Antoni took him out, the Garden fans chanted, "We want Shum-pert." Stoudemire, who appeared somewhat listless after missing two games with an ankle sprain, tallied 25 points and 12 rebounds but struggled defensively.  Carmelo Anthony  scored a game-high 32 for the Knicks. QUOTABLE:  "Any team in the NBA has a chance to beat you on any given night and the Bobcats showed that tonight."   -- Knicks center  Tyson Chandler  on losing to the now 2-4 Bobcats THE STAT:  The Knicks may soon need to examine their starting shooting guard situation. Shumpert was +1 overall in 30 minutes off the bench, while the starter,  Landry Fields , was a -21 in 25 minutes. Fields, who has not been the same player since the trade for Anthony last February, shot 2-for-5 for five points. TURNING POINT:  For the second straight game, the Knicks got off to a poor defensive start in the first half, trailing by 14 points in the second quarter en route to a 62-52 halftime deficit. Charlotte shot 55 percent before the break and got a combined 40 points from Diaw (16 points), Henderson (13) and  Corey Maggette  (11). The Knicks also got behind Toronto, 51-34, Monday en route to a 90-85 loss. QUOTABLE II:  "The offense was good, just bad defense."    -- D'Antoni HOT:  Augustin had his second straight strong game for Charlotte, after going for 26 points and nine assists in Tuesday's 115-101 loss at Cleveland. NOT:  Knicks rookie  Josh Harrellson  suffered through his second consecutive ineffectual game after putting up 14 points and 12 boards in Saturday's start, and win, against Sacramento. Harrellson went scoreless with one rebound against Charlotte following a two-point, five-rebound performance on Monday. NOTABLE:  Charlotte rookie  Kemba Walker  returned to the Garden for the first time since leading UConn to the Big East Tournament title with five wins in five days last March. Walker only had to leave two tickets because his parents,  Paul  and  Andrea , remained in Charlotte. He finished with seven points, five assists and two rebounds. QUOTABLE III:  "They [New York fans] love great basketball players. So if you're a good basketball player and you play hard and you're doing what you're supposed to do, they get behind you."    -- Walker on Iman Shumpert INSIDE THE ARENA: Justin Tuck  of the NFC East champion New York Giants attended. Asked by MSG's  Jill Martin  to describe the state of the team entering Sunday's playoff game against the Atlanta Falcons, Tuck said, "Ready." UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Friday @ Washington, Saturday @ Detroit, Monday vs. Charlotte. For the Bobcats, Friday vs. Atlanta, Saturday at Indiana, Monday @ New York.  