  Notebook: Bulls 104, Knicks 99 Posted Monday March 12, 2012 11:48PM By Kent McDill, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  In what could be a first-round playoff matchup in the Eastern Conference, the Chicago Bulls outlasted a gritty New York Knicks team and recorded a 104-99 victory at the United Center Monday. In his first matchup with New York point guard  Jeremy Lin , Bulls guard  Derrick Rose  scored 32 points and had seven assists, while Lin finished with 15 points and eight assists. The power forward combination of  Carlos Boozer  and  Taj Gibson  each had 15 points and  Joakim Noah  had a double-double with 12 points and 10 rebounds after missing a game with stomach flu.  Carmelo Anthony  led the Knicks with 21 points, but New York lost its sixth straight game. INJURY UPDATE:  Once again, the Bulls played without three of their top seven players.  Luol Deng  sat out another game with pain in his injured wrist,  C.J. Watson  remained out with his ankle sprain, and  Rip Hamilton  did not play because of his shoulder injury. TURNING POINT:  With 2:07 left, Chicago's Noah tipped a jump ball away from New York's  Amar'e Stoudamire  and Rose beat Lin to the ball for a layup that gave the Bulls a 97-90 lead with two minutes remaining. QUOTABLE:  "No matter who I'm playing against, I'm trying to win the matchup."   --  Bulls guard Rose on playing against New York's Jeremy Lin for the first time. THE STAT:  The New York Knicks attempted 31 free throws, making 22. The Bulls were 19 of 28 from the line. THE STAT II:  The Bulls outrebounded the Knicks 56-38 and had 22 offensive boards. GOOD MOVE:  When the Bulls selected  Jimmy Butler  out of Marquette in the 2011 draft, they weren't sure they had a spot for him on the roster. Butler had his biggest game as a Bull (in the absence of starting small forward Deng) with eight points in almost 29 minutes of action. HOT:  Bulls backup power forward Gibson had a double-double off the bench with 15 points and 13 rebounds. He had eight offensive rebounds, one less than the entire New York team. QUOTABLE II:  "We played well for long stretches, but the second chance points got us. The whole game they had us on the offensive glass."   --  New York head coach  Mike D'Antoni. NOTABLE:  With Milwaukee's win over New Jersey Monday, the Bucks moved into a tie with the New York Knicks at 18-24 for the eighth playoff spot in the Eastern Conference. The Bucks have won three games in a row while the Knicks have dropped six straight. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, vs. Heat Wednesday, vs. Blazers Friday, vs. 76ers Saturday. For the Knicks, vs. Blazers Wednesday, vs. Pacers Friday, @ Pacers Saturday.  