Notebook: Jazz 111, Pelicans 105 
 
 
 Andrew Aragon for NBA.com 
 
Posted Thu Nov 14, 2013 1:04 AM - Updated Thu Nov 14, 2013 9:22 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  The second-worst winless streak to start a season in Jazz franchise history is just that -- history -- as Utah picked up its first victory of the season.  
 
 THE LEAD:  A team featuring  Richard Jefferson  and  Marvin Williams  in key roles would have been a lot more formidable in 2004.  
    But with the rebuilding Jazz (1-8) relying on the two veterans, they both showed they have something left in the tank on Wednesday night. Jefferson had a season-high 22 points and Williams scored eight of his 12 points in the fourth quarter to help lead previously winless Utah to a 111-105 victory over the New Orleans Pelicans.   
    Jefferson and Williams didn't just provide leadership for the young Jazz in the fourth quarter -- they also made plays. 
     Jefferson scored eight points in the game's final four minutes, including a 3-pointer with 2:36 remaining to give Utah a 101-97 lead. After  Jrue Holiday  answered with a 3-pointer to make it 101-100, Williams quickly countered with his own 3 to again make it a three-possession game.  
    The future of the Jazz fared pretty well, too, as  Gordon Hayward, Enes Kanter  and  Derrick Favors  each recorded double-doubles. Hayward scored a team-high 27 points and dished 10 assists. Kanter had 21 points and 10 rebounds. Favors had 12 points and 12 rebounds to go along with a career-high five steals. 
 
  Anthony Davis  had 29 points and 15 rebounds for New Orleans (3-6), which blew a 16-point third quarter lead.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "When you're 0-8 man, you just got to go out there and lay it on the line. I think everybody on this team really wanted this win tonight and it showed out there. " 
  --Jazz forward Marvin Williams 
 
 THE STAT:  The Jazz entered the game as the worst shooters in the league with a 40.1 field goal percentage in their previous eight games. They turned that around against New Orleans, shooting 51.4 percent. Utah saved its best for crunch time, shooting 70.6 percent in the fourth quarter.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  One sequence changed the game for good. Favors blocked a shot by  Tyreke Evans  and Williams collected the loose ball. He threw an outlet pass to newly acquired  Diante Garrett , who drove and dished to Jefferson near the rim. Jefferson missed, but a hustling Williams ran the floor and scored on a tip-in to put Utah up 98-97 with 3:18 remaining. The Jazz did not relinquish the lead from there, and the sequence showed how badly Utah wanted to end its victory drought.  
 
 HOT:  Davis continued to show what great improvements he's made in his game since last season. He carried New Orleans in the fourth quarter, shooting 5-for-6 and scoring 12 points in the period. For the Jazz, neither Kanter nor Favors missed a shot in the second half, Hayward shot 5-for-7 after halftime.  
 
 NOT:  There's no way to sugarcoat saying Utah's  John Lucas III  isn't a starting caliber point guard in the NBA. He made his fourth start of the season for the Jazz against the Pelicans and the results were fairly disastrous. New Orleans mostly left him with wide-open looks at the basket, and Lucas shot 0-for-6 from 3-point range and 0-for-7 overall. He scored one point and had two turnovers in the first half.  Alec Burks  started in his place in the second half, and Lucas did not play after halftime.  For New Orleans, shooting guard  Eric Gordo n  got off to a sizzling start, scoring 10 points in the first quarter. But he cooled from there, and shot just 1-for-5 in the second half. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I feel great for these guys. They've been through a lot of struggles, but there's no quit in them, and you saw it again tonight. They got down, but they didn't quit on it. They continued to stay together, fought, and it's a great win for the team."  
 --Utah coach  Tyrone Corbin 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE : The Jazz have arguably the worst point guard depth in the NBA, but they at least moved in a positive direction by signing Garrett on Wednesday. The former D-Leaguer gave Utah a lift in the first when he subbed in for Lucas. He had five points and two assists in his first seven minutes in a Jazz uniform in the first half. He played the entire fourth quarter, and made a nice pass to Favors late in the game, which Favors finished with a layup to put Utah ahead 108-103 with 22 seconds left to ice the contest.  
 
 BAD MOVE:  The Pelicans got complacent. They pretty much had the Jazz beat after scoring the first six points of the third quarter to go ahead 61-45. But after a timeout, Utah increased its energy, intensity and effort, while New Orleans did the opposite. The Jazz went on a 15-2 run over the next five minutes to make it a game again. The Pelicans especially got lackadaisical defensively in the fourth quarter, allowing Utah to score 38 points in the period.   
 
 NOTABLE:  Utah lost its first eight games, falling short of the 0-11 start the team had during the 1974-75 season when the franchise was in New Orleans. Going back to the preseason, the Jazz had lost 15 straight games before Wednesday. New Orleans, after starting the season 3-3, went winless on a three-game road trip through Phoenix, Los Angeles (Lakers) and Utah.   
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Pelicans, Saturday vs. 76ers, Wednesday vs. Jazz, Nov. 22 vs. Cavaliers. For the Jazz, Friday vs. Spurs, Saturday @ Golden State, Monday vs. Warriors. 
