  Warriors-Kings notebook   By Russ Edmondson, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday December 22, 2010 2:26AM THE FACTS:  The Golden State Warriors claimed just their second win in their last 11 games, stunning the host Sacramento Kings with a furious fourth-quarter comeback at Arco Arena. The struggling Kings led by as many as 16 points in the fourth quarter but ended up falling to their Northern California rival 117-109 in overtime.  Monta Ellis  led the Warriors with 36 points, nine coming in overtime, while teammate  Reggie Williams  scored 24.  Beno Udrih  led the Kings with 34 points while teammate  Carl Landry  went for 22 points and 10 rebounds off the bench. The Kings (5-21) have now lost six games in a row, 14 of 15 and 20 of 22. The Warriors are 10-18 on the season. QUOTABLE:  "He (Ellis) is tough to guard 1-on-1 ... and a lot of bigs are tired in overtime ... At the top (of the key) I'll set a high screen-and-roll and more or less get out of his way."   -- Golden State Warriors center  David Lee  on Ellis, who scored nine of his game-high 36 points in overtime. THE STAT:  The Kings made only two baskets over the final nine minutes of regulation, a  Tyreke Evans  layup with 4:20 remaining and a jumper by Udrih with 2:45 left on the clock. Udrih's bucket put the Kings up 98-91. The Kings led 94-78 with 9:20 remaining in the fourth quarter. TURNING POINT:  The Kings were up 94-78 when Landry scored with 9:20 left in the fourth quarter. The Warriors responded by outscoring Sacramento 11-0 over the next four minutes.  Vladimir Radmanovic  hit a 3-pointer, Ellis scored on a drive, Lee converted two free throws, Dorell Wright scored on a breakaway and Ellis scored on another drive. A game that Sacramento was in control of was suddenly in doubt. QUOTABLE II:  "We wanted to rebound the missed free throw. That was our number-one priority. We had our best rebounders in there --  Darnell (Jackson) ,  DeMarcus (Cousins)  and  Donte (Greene)  were the three main guys on the line and somehow we didn't come up with the rebound ... If I had to do it over again, I'd probably use the timeout. But the idea was to get the rebound; the idea wasn't 'what are we going to do if we don't get the rebound?'"   --Sacramento Kings coach  Paul Westphal , discussing the final seconds of regulation. The Kings led 102-99 when Golden State's Williams missed a free throw with 3.4 seconds remaining in the fourth quarter. The missed free throw deflected out of bounds off Cousins with two seconds left. Radmanovic then drilled a 3-pointer from straight on as time expired, shooting from well beyond the 3-point line. This sent the game into overtime and stunned  the Arco Arena faithful. HOT:  Ellis scored nine of his game-high 36 points in overtime, one night after scoring 44 points in a home loss to the Houston Rockets. NOT:  Evans was just 4-for-18 from the field and turned the ball over five times in the loss. He did grab 10 rebounds, dish out seven assists and gather three steals to go along with his 15 points. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Udrih scored a career-high 34 points for the Kings, hitting 11 of 18 field goals. He was also 4-for-7 on 3-pointers and converted all eight of his free-throw attempts. Udrih grabbed seven rebounds before fouling out in overtime. GOOD MOVE:  Having Lee guard Kings rookie big man Cousins. Cousins was just 3-for-13 and finished with seven points. Cousins had averaged 17 points over the previous four games. NOTABLE:  The Kings have beaten just one Western Conference opponent this season and that was nearly two months ago (Oct. 27 at Minnesota in the season opener). UP NEXT:  For th Kings, Thursday vs. Milwaukee, Monday vs. L.A. Clippers; For the Warriors, Saturday vs. Portland, Monday vs. Philadelphia  