  Notebook: Heat 98, Thunder 93 Posted Thursday April 5, 2012 12:27AM By Shandel Richardson, for NBA.com THE FACTS:   LeBron James  scored a game-high 34 points as the Miami Heat defeated the Oklahoma City Thunder 98-93 Wednesday at AmericanAirlines Arena. James made 11 of 13 from the free throw line and won the matchup of potential regular-season MVPs, besting Thunder standout  Kevin Durant .  Durant finished with 30 points, but James made it tough on him defensively. The Thunder trailed 96-93 with under a minute remaining when Durant had a chance to possibly force overtime. James' tight defense caused Durant to rush a 3-point attempt. Heat guard  Dwyane Wade , who returned after missing one game with a sore left knee, then made two free throws to seal it. Wade finished with 19 points, three rebounds and three steals. Thunder guard Russell Westbrook had 28 points and four assists. QUOTABLE:  "It reminded of the summer when we were working out together, both pushing each other, staying on top of each other during those workouts ... It's always good going against the best and he's one of them."   -- James said of his matchup against Durant. THE STAT:  The Heat shot just 37 percent, but hit 26 of 29 free throws to make up for the poor shooting. TURNING POINT:  In the first half, the Heat trailed by as many as 11 before flagrant fouls by  Kendrick Perkins  on Wade and Westbrook on James seemed to spark a rally. The Heat grabbed the lead by halftime. QUOTABLE II:  "He is a great player. You are not going to hold down a great player often. He missed some shots the first time we played him and we made him take some tough ones also. He was good, his jumpshots were falling and got some buckets in transition off our turnovers."   --Thunder coach  Scott Brooks  said of James. HOT:  James shot 10-of-20 from the field while also defending Durant, who is perhaps the toughest cover in the league. James was able to settle the score after being outplayed by Durant when they met recently in Oklahoma City. NOT:  Although he scored often, Westbrook struggled from the field. He finished just 9-of-26 from the field and made 1-of-4 from 3-point range. GOOD MOVE:  The Heat made an emphasis on preventing the Thunder's bench from producing. After allowing  Serge Ibaka  and Perkins to have big outings in the first game, they were a non-factor in the rematch. They combined for just six points. BAD MOVE:  Durant probably rushed the final shot. There was still plenty of time to get a better look instead of the one he took in front of James. The Thunder could have gotten the ball in the hands of Westbrook and perhaps got a shot within the offense. NOTABLE:  The Heat won their 17th straight at home, improving to a league-best 23-2 at home. Heat swingman  Mike Miller  missed his 13 straight game with a sprained left ankle. UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Friday vs. Grizzlies, Sunday vs. Pistons, Tuesday vs. Celtics. For the Thunder, Friday @ Pacers, Sunday vs. Raptors, Monday @ Bucks.  