  Notebook: Pacers 95, Bulls 90   By Kent McDill, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday January 25, 2012 11:31PM THE FACTS:  In the first meeting of the season between the top two (and only winning) teams of the Central Division, the Indiana Pacers invaded the United Center Wednesday and beat the Chicago Bulls 95-90, giving the Bulls their first home loss of the season.  Danny Granger  led the Pacers with 22 points, and  Roy Hibbert  had 20.  Derrick Rose  led the Bulls with 24 points, while  Ronnie Brewer  had a double-double with 20 points and 10 rebounds playing in place of injured forward  Luol Deng.   Joakim Noah  had a double-double with 10 points and 13 rebounds for the Bulls. THE FACTS II:  The teams played a contentious playoff series against each other last spring, and the newly-heated rivalry only burns brighter as a result of this game. The Bulls were playing without Deng and sixth man  Taj Gibson  due to injury, while the Pacers were without  Jeff Foster  for the same reason. QUOTABLE:  "The Orlando Magic taught us a valuable lesson last night, that you can go into Boston and score 56 points, but you can still go on the road on a back-to-back, pull yourself together, have a gut-check effort and come back and win a game." --  Indiana coach  Frank Vogel , whose team lost to the Magic Tuesday at home after the Magic scored just 56 points the night before in Boston. THE STAT:  In a game between the Pacers, who rank second in opponent's field goal percentage, and the Bulls, who rank first in opponent's scoring, the Pacers held the Bulls to 40 percent from the field on their home court. The Pacers shot 47.5 percent. THE STAT II:  The Bulls and Pacers rank 1-2 in rebounding, but the Pacers outboarded the Bulls 44-41. TURNING POINT:  The Bulls led 54-44 at halftime, but it took the Pacers just 2 1/2 minutes to erase most of that lead at the start of the third quarter. The Pacers led the entire fourth quarter, at one point by as much as seven points. INJURY UPDATE:  The Bulls have a road date in Miami Sunday in which both Deng and Gibson hope to come back from injury. Indiana guard  A.J. Price  remained out with strep throat but was expected to play against the Celtics Friday. HOT:  Playing against two of the best defensive centers in the league in   Noah and  Omer Asik  of the Bulls, Hibbert went nine for 14 from the field for 20 points. NOT: C.J. Watson , who played well starting in place of Rose last week, was zero for six from the field as his backup Wednesday. ROOKIE WATCH:  With Deng out and Brewer starting in his place, Bulls coach  Tom Thibodeau  gave rookie  Jimmy Butler  from Marquette six minutes of playing time in the first half. Butler made his only field goal attempt but had two quick turnovers when he entered the game. BAD MOVE:  With the Bulls trailing, 92-90, in the game's final minute, Rose passed the ball to  Brian Scalabrine  open outside the arc in the right corner. Scalabrine missed the open 3-pointer badly and the Pacers controlled the rebound to secure the win. QUOTABLE II:  "I trust my teammate. I didn't have a shot. I thought I made the right play."   --  Rose, talking about passing the ball to seldom-used Scalabrine, who was put in the game as a defensive replacement for  Carlos Boozer  on the previous Pacers possession. NOTABLE:  The Bulls play one more home game against Milwaukee Friday before embarking on a nine-game road swing through the Eastern Conference. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, vs. Bucks Friday, @ Heat Sunday, @ Wizards Monday. For the Pacers, @ Celtics Friday, @ Magic Sunday, vs. Nets Tuesday.  