Notebook: Magic 105, 76ers 94 
 
 
 Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Nov 27, 2013 11:12 PM - Updated Wed Nov 27, 2013 11:12 PM 
 
 THE FACT:   Victor Oladipo 's Orlando Magic beat the Philadelphia 76ers and  Michael Carter-Williams  in a battle of the NBA's best November rookies.  
 
 THE LEAD:  Oladipo and Carter-Williams played to a statistical draw, but the Magic's front-court duo of  Nik Vucevic  and  Glen Davis  were too much for the Sixers, especially early, as the Magic won 105-94. 
 Vucevic, who was drafted by the 76ers in 2011, finished with 21 points and 16 rebounds in Orlando's second win in two nights. Davis added 19 points, and Oladipo had  Arron Afflalo  had 18 each. Afflalo scored 11 in the fourth quarter. 
 Playing for the first time after missing three games due to a death in his family,  Thaddeus Young  came off the bench to score a game-high 26 points for the Sixers, who lost for the sixth time in seven games. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "When you look at their interior bigs ... we couldn't guard them, and we had to go to schemes and different ways to get help to our bigs. It's a problem. We ended up doing a better job, but we don't want to have to live in schemes." 
 -- 76ers coach  Brett Brown 
 
 
 THE STAT:   Carter-Williams and Oladipo are first and second among NBA rookies in scoring, minutes and steals and one and three in assists. Carter-Williams put up 23 points, four steals and three assists. Oladipo finished with 18 points, five steals and five assists. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Philadelphia had trimmed a 15-point to deficit to two midway through the fourth quarter when Afflalo drew a foul on a spectacular reverse layup. The three-point play started a 13-6 run that put the game away. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We had a pretty impressive win last (Tuesday) night. We hadn't had the best track record of backing up good victories with solid, back-to-back victories on back-to-back nights. It got a little ugly there in the second and third quarters, but we showed a little mental toughness and got us a good victory." 
 -- Afflalo 
 
 
 HOT:  Vucevic made all eight of his shots in the first half and finished 10-for-13. 
 
 NOT:  After averaging 25.2 points in the preceding six games, Afflalo was 3-for-12 before finishing strongly. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Young, who's availability was in question early in the day, played 28 1/2 minutes and kept the Sixers in the game. 
 
 QUOTABLE III : "I was just trying to give us a rhythm early. I knew I was going to come off the bench and so I tried to be aggressive. I kind of went back into the sixth-man role I had under coach (Doug) Collins, and it worked out pretty well tonight." 
 -- Young 
 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Oladipo continued to dribble into the defense and committed eight turnovers. It was the eighth game in which he has turned the ball over four times or more. 
 
 IN THE ARENA:   Nate Alexander , an area high school basketball coach, won $1,000 by making a half-court shot at halftime. 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:   Evan Turner  came close to a triple-double (17 points, 11 rebounds, eight assists) for the Sixers. 
 
 NOTABLE:  The last three quarters were played with only two officials after  Tre Maddox  left with an ankle injury. ... Magic point guard  Jameer Nelson  left the game early in the second quarter with a sprained left foot. ... The Sixers played without  Spencer Hawes  (sore knee) and  Tony Wroten  (back strain). 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the 76ers: Friday vs. New Orleans, Sunday @ Detroit, Tuesday vs. Orlando. For the Magic: Friday vs. San Antonio, Monday @ Washington, Tuesday @ Philadelphia. 
