  Lakers-Clippers notebook   By Dan Arritt, for NBA.com Posted Thursday December 9, 2010 2:03AM THE FACTS:  The left-handed layup by  Derek Fisher  wasn't the most improbable buzzer-beater Wednesday night, but it was certainly the most important, lifting the Los Angeles Lakers to a 87-86 victory over the host Los Angeles Clippers at Staples Center. QUOTABLE:  "That's what he's there for."   -- Clippers'  Eric Bledsoe , who was guarding Fisher on the play. THE STAT:  The Lakers rallied from a five-point deficit with just over a minute to play and took a one-point lead on  Kobe Bryant 's pull-up jumper with 22.8 seconds remaining. Clippers center  DeAndre Jordan  scored on a slam dunk with 15.5 seconds left to re-take the lead, setting up Fisher's buzzer-beating left-handed lay up over the block of Jordan and high off the glass. TURNING POINT:  Long before the excitement of the final minute, the Lakers began erasing a 12-point deficit when  Shannon Brown  scored 11 points in the final 2:11 of the third quarter, including a 57-footer at the buzzer to cut the deficit to 71-65. Brown finished with 16 points. QUOTE II:  "We made good plays down the stretch by moving the ball and finding the open man."   -- Shannon Brown HOT:  In the matchup of high-scoring shooting guards, Bryant and  Eric Gordon  nearly matched each other shot for shot. Bryant finished with 24 points on 9-for-14 shooting. Gordon had 24 points on 8-for-14 shooting. NOT:  The Clippers struggled to get production from their small forwards.  Al-Farouq Aminu , one of three rookies in the starting lineup, shot 1-for-9 and scored three points. His replacement,  Ryan Gomes , was 2-for-8 with five points. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Clippers rookie forward  Blake Griffin  was saddled with foul trouble for most of the first half, but still finished with his 10th consecutive double-double, scoring 16 points and grabbing 11 rebounds. GOOD MOVE:  Even though the Clippers starting five were still on the floor, Lakers coach  Phil Jackson  inserted Brown in place of Bryant with 3:22 remaining in the third quarter and the Lakers trailing by nine. Brown then went on his scoring spree to get the Lakers -- and their fans -- back in the game. BAD MOVE:  The Clippers missed three slam dunks in the opening minutes of the second half, points they certainly could have used down the stretch. ROOKIE WATCH:  Lakers rookie  Derrick Caracter  suffered a sprained left ankle in the second quarter and did not return. NOTABLE:  Gordon has scored at least 20 points in 10 consecutive games. Bryant has scored at least 20 in 15 straight. UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Saturday vs. Memphis, Sunday vs. Orlando, Wednesday at Philadelphia. For the Lakers, Friday at Chicago, Sunday at New Jersey, Tuesday at Washington.  