Notebook: Clippers 101, Magic 81 
 
 
 Dan Arritt, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Jan 07, 2014 3:01 AM - Updated Tue Jan 07, 2014 3:10 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Clippers improved to 9-0 this season when leading after the first quarter. 
 
 THE LEAD:  No  Chris Paul , no problem. The Clippers have comfort in knowing they still have  Darren Collison . Relegated to starting duty after Paul went down with a separated shoulder Friday night, Collison continues to excel when asked to fill in for the six-time All Star. Collison produced season highs of 21 points and seven assists while also contributing to the defensive effort with four steals as the Clippers ran away from the visiting Magic 101-81 at Staples Center.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:   "I'm just going to play my game. You can't be Chris Paul. ... I've got to play my game, do what I do best." 
 -- Darren Collison 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Dating back to when both were members of the New Orleans Hornets in 2009-10, Collison has now started 40 games in place of Paul. He averaged 18.6 points and 8.8 assists in the first 39.  
 
 TURNING POINT:   The Magic didn't give themselves much of a chance at the start of their five-game road trip, missing 11 of their first 12 field-goal attempts, both free throws and committing three turnovers while falling behind 20-3. The Clippers nearly coughed up their 24-point lead by going scoreless for 5 ½ minutes of the second quarter, allowing the Magic to trim the deficit to 14, but the Clippers quickly stretched the lead back to 26 at the half. Another hairy moment came in the fourth quarter, when the L.A. reserves let a 32-point lead shrink to 14, prompting Clippers coach  Doc Rivers  to send the starters back in with seven minutes remaining and they calmly closed things out. 
 
 HOT:  Collison was nearly perfect in the first half for the Clippers, making all eight of his field-goal attempts and scoring 19 points to go with four assists and one turnover. Collison scored his previous season-high of 20 points after Paul went down with his injury against Dallas on Friday night and put up 14 points in his first start Saturday in San Antonio. Clippers center  DeAndre Jordan  continues to play like an All-Star, finishing with 14 points, 17 rebounds, and eight blocks for his 12th game this season with at least 16 boards. He totaled seven such games in his previous five NBA seasons. 
 
 NOT:  Magic center  Nikola Vucevic  was in his first game back after missing most of the last three games with a sprained ankle. He was struggling through a 1-for-7 shooting performance when he tried to block  Blake Griffin 's shot but ended up falling hard to the floor, where he remained for a few minutes before heading to the locker room. Shortly afterward, it was announced Vucevich was doubtful to return with a head injury. That's especially troubling news considering Vucevic missed five games last March with a concussion. The Magic recovered from their horrid start but still shot 35.7 percent from the floor, missed seven free throws and committed 18 turnovers that were turned into 20 points for L.A. As for the Clippers,  Matt Barnes  has completely lost his rhythm, shooting 1-for-10 from the floor to put him at 3-for-19 in the last two games. The Clippers are actively looking for a small forward to join their rotation and Barnes' struggles won't help delay those plans. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:   Without the league's top assist man, the Clippers seemed vulnerable to a lack of ball sharing. But they were far from disorganized against the Magic, assisting on 30 of their 35 field goals.  Jamal Crawford , who shared much of the ball-handling duties with Collison, contributed eight assists, Griffin had six and even Barnes matched his season high with four. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "That's something we've been successful at throughout the season. When we tend to get away from ball movement, we haven't been successful." 
 -- Darren Collison 
 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Without their All-Star point guard, the Clippers needed Griffin, their other All-Star, to be on the floor as much as possible. He took himself out of the equation by committing two fouls in the first four minutes. Funny thing is, Griffin committed two fouls in nearly the same time frame Dec. 26 against Portland and Dec. 28 against Utah, but came back with 35 and then 40 points. His offense wasn't needed as much against the Magic thanks to a 26-point halftime lead and he finished with 16 points and eight rebounds in 24 minutes. Collison provided a brief scare when  Jameer Nelson  tried to draw a charge late in the first quarter but ended up low-bridging Collison, who crashed hard to the floor. Collison got up holding his right elbow and emerged from the timeout with a sleeve covering the arm, but he continued to play. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Griffin, a 62.4-percent free throw shooter for his career coming in, is shooting 76.4 from the line since Dec. 1. ... The Clippers signed backup point guard  Darius Morris  to a 10-day contract shortly before the start of the game and the former Lakers second-round draft pick ended up playing eight minutes, missing all three of his field-goal attempts and scoring one point. 
 
 UP NEXT:   For the Clippers, Wednesday vs. Boston, Friday vs. L.A. Lakers, Dec. 15 vs. Dallas. For the Magic, Wednesday @ Portland, Friday @ Sacramento, Saturday @ Denver.  
