  Notebook: Grizzlies 96, Mavericks 85 Posted Wednesday February 29, 2012 11:53PM By L. Jason Smith, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Center  Marc Gasol  had 22 points and 11 rebounds and point guard  Mike Conley  had 20 points, 10 assists and four steals to lead the Memphis Grizzlies to a 96-85 victory over the Dallas Mavericks on Wednesday at FedExForum. It was Grizzlies' eighth win in their last 10 games and pushed them to a season-high five games over .500 at 20-15. Reserve guard  Jason Terry 's 18 points led Dallas (21-15), which lost star forward  Dirk Nowitzki  for the game in the second quarter to back tightness. Nowitzki, whose Mavericks dropped their their straight game, finished with one point in 9 1/2 minutes. QUOTABLE:  "I just like the carryover from practice. I mean, we were getting after it in practice (Tuesday) and the day before that. Guys came in (after the All-Star break) ready to work. Great focus from start to finish, except for that second quarter (when Dallas outscored the Grizzlies 32-22)."    -- Guard  Tony Allen  on the Grizzlies picking up where they left off before the break. Memphis held Dallas to 18 or fewer points in each of the other three quarters. THE STAT:  Though Nowitzki clearly wasn't himself before leaving the game in the second quarter, Dallas' starters combined for just 35 points on 15-of-37 shooting. Gasol, Conley and Gay (18 points, seven rebounds) combined for 60 themselves on 23-of-45 shooting. TURNING POINT:  After a hot-shooting second quarter put Dallas ahead 49-47 at the break, the Mavericks took their biggest lead of the game (55-49) on center  Brendan Haywood 's 11-footer a little more than three minutes into the third quarter. But Memphis took over from there, outscoring Dallas 18-2 over the next five minutes. The Mavericks went eight consecutive possessions without scoring. Conley and reserve  Quincy Pondexter  (10 points) combined to score 12 points during the run. QUOTABLE II:  "He had a back issue. He felt something in warm-ups and tried to play. He clearly wasn't moving the way he needed to be moving, so we pulled the plug. So he'll get treatment and we'll see where we are Friday."    -- Mavericks coach  Rick Carlisle  on Nowitzki's status. HOT:  Gasol kept up his All-Star-level play, going 8-of-14 from the floor and adding five assists and four blocks to go with his 22 points and 11 rebounds. Gasol is averaging career highs this season in points, rebounds, assists, blocks and minutes. NOT:  After shooting 54.1 percent (20-of-37) over the game's first two quarters, Dallas shot just 35.7 percent (15-of-42) in the second half. Mavericks forward  Shawn Marion  and guard  Jason Kidd  combined to go 6-of-19 from the floor. NOTABLE:  Memphis has won three straight over Dallas and seven of its last 11 against its Southwest Division foe. Before that, the Grizzlies had been 7-46 all-time against the Mavericks. ... Besides not having Nowitzki for most of the game's final three quarters, Dallas was also without forward  Lamar Odom , who sat out his third straight game for personal reasons. "You go with the guys you got," said Carlisle, whose Mavericks continue a tough stretch of nine games in 12 days Friday at New Orleans. UP NEXT:  For the Grizzlies, Friday at Toronto, Saturday vs. Detroit, Wednesday at Golden State. For the Mavericks, Friday at New Orleans, Saturday vs. Utah, Monday at Oklahoma City.  