  Pistons-Hornets notebook   By Larry Holder, for NBA.com Posted Thursday December 9, 2010 12:17AM THE FACTS: David West  scored a game-high 25 points as the New Orleans Hornets defeated the Detroit Pistons 93-84 on Wednesday night at the New Orleans Arena. It's the Hornets' first game and win since the NBA announced it was purchasing the franchise from  George Shinn  and  Gary Chouest . QUOTABLE:  "I wouldn't say it's a distraction. We've got to play ball, but it's naive to assume we're not aware of what's going on. It's part of the business, and we are part of that business. We are aware of the business aspect of things. As much as people wouldn't like us to be, we are. We are very knowledgeable. We can put two and two together when it's necessary."   -- West on balancing all the off-court issues THE STAT:  The Hornets got back to playing solid defense after a dreadful performance in their previous game against the Spurs. New Orleans held Detroit to just 37.5 percent from the field, and the 74 points scored is the second fewest the Pistons have scored this season. TURNING POINT:  New Orleans really broke the game open when it went on a 14-0 run in the third quarter to give the Hornets a 64-44 lead with 5:55 remaining in the quarter. HOT:  The Hornets'  Marco Belinelli  had one of his better games this season scoring 22 points in his 27 minutes of action. He went 8-for-12 from the floor and 4-for-7 from behind the 3-point arc. NOT:  The Pistons'  Tayshaun Prince  didn't offer much help offensively going 2-for-8 from the floor to only score four points in the loss. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Hornets interim chairman  Jac Sperling  took in his first game in his position sitting with team president  Hugh Weber  courtside. NBA commissioner  David Stern  asked Sperling to oversee the team during this unusual situation with the league owning the team. QUOTABLE II:  "People say I've been passive and this and that. But at the end of the day, I take what the defense gives me. A lot of times I get to the lane and I see three people and somebody is open. It's great that guys were knocking down shots (Wednesday)."   --  Chris Paul  on criticism that he hasn't played like himself. Paul had six points, 14 assists and five steals NOTABLE:  The Hornets' attendance has become a hot-button issue as the team needs to average 14,735 until the end of January. If the Hornets drop below that figure, the team can trigger a stipulation in its lease with the state for an early-exit clause. Wednesday night's attendance won't help as there were only 10,823 in paid attendance. ...  Ben Gordon  led the Pistons with 19 points off the bench.  Rodney Stuckey  added 16 points, while  Richard Hamilton  had 13 points. ...  Emeka Okafor  was the only other Hornets player in doubles figures with 14 points. UP NEXT:  For the Pistons, Friday @ Minnesota, Saturday vs. Toronto, Wednesday vs. Atlanta. For the Hornets, Friday vs. Oklahoma City, Sunday @ Philadelphia, Monday @ Miami.  