  Notebook: Thunder 103, Kings 92 Posted Saturday April 21, 2012 1:21AM By James Ham, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  For the second game in a row, the Sacramento Kings played against one of the Western Conference's elite teams. Unfortunately, different team, same result. The Kings fought hard in front of a near sell out Power Balance Pavilion crowd, but the Thunder's stars were just too good, pulling away late for the 103-92 victory. MVP candidate  Kevin Durant  showed off his all-around game, finishing with 29 points, 14 rebounds and seven assists for the near triple-double in front of legend  Oscar Robertson . Super-sub  James Harden  scored 20 points while All-Star  Russell Westbrook  added 18 points as the Thunder moved to 46-17 on the season. DeMarcus Cousins  finished with 18 points and nine rebounds in the loss for the Kings, but shot only 8-for-21 on the night.  Jason Thompson  had 13 points and eight rebounds, while  Tyreke Evans  kicked in 16. The Kings have now lost nine of 10 and are tied with the New Orleans Hornets for the worst record in the Western Conference. QUOTABLE:  "We had a very productive meeting. I reached out.  George  [ Maloof ] and I had meeting in Las Vegas today that was productive. I thought, and we thought that it was very important to keep the lines of communication open. In the spirit of Sacramento, if anything productive is going to happen, you have to be able to communicate and we did that today and we agreed to have a follow up conversation early next week."   -- Sacramento mayor  Kevin Johnson  from his courtside seat, speaking on today's arena developments THE STAT:   Serge Ibaka  gave Cousins fits in the post. The 22-year-old forward finished with eight of the Thunder's 11 blocks. TURNING POINT:  This game gradually slipped through the Kings hands. They trailed by seven after one, eight at the half, 11 after three and 11 after the final whistle. The Thunder were the better team tonight from start to finish. QUOTABLE II:  "We all know that Kevin [Durant] can score with the best of them in this league and he's going to be able to do that for a long time. He has to continue to focus on making his teammates look better and get better and make them get easier shots and he did that tonight, he had seven assists."    -- Thunder coach  Scott Brooks  on the development of Durant as a facilitator HOT:  Durant and Westbrook were incredible. The Kings did their best to slow the duo, but they still put on a show, finishing with a combined 47 points on 17-for-30 shooting from the field. NOT:   Travis Outlaw  was the only healthy scratch in Wednesday night's loss to the Spurs. Friday, he got the start and had a rough go against Durant. The veteran wing finished with one point and four rebounds on a dreadful 0-for-6 shooting night in 27 minutes. GOOD MOVE:  The game plan for Brooks was to get out and run against the Kings porous defense. It worked. The Thunder finished with 27 fast-break points on the night. BAD MOVE:  Outlaw wasn't the answer against Durant. I'm not sure that anyone is, but coach  Keith Smart  should have given  Donté Greene  a shot. NOTABLE:  Oscar Robertson sat courtside tonight with owners Gavin and  Colleen  Maloof. The Kings were honoring  Isaiah Thomas  with the 2012 Oscar Robertson Triple-Double Award, given to the team's player "who best exemplifies winning characteristics, both as an athlete and a conscientious citizen active in the community." UP NEXT:  For the Thunder, Sunday @ L.A. Lakers, Tuesday vs. Sacramento, Wednesday vs. Denver. For the Kings, Sunday @ Charlotte, Tuesday @ Oklahoma City, Thursday vs. L.A. Lakers.  