  Notebook: Spurs 89, Grizzlies 84 Posted Tuesday February 7, 2012 12:10AM By Marlon W. Morgan, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  If Monday night was any indication, the San Antonio Spurs' nine-game Rodeo Road Trip might not be so bad after all. The Spurs got 21 points and seven assists from  Tony Parker  and 19 points, a season-high 17 rebounds and five blocked shots, also a season-high, from  Tim Duncan  as they beat the Memphis Grizzlies for a third straight time this season, 89-84, at FedExForum. It was the first game of their annual Rodeo trip. QUOTABLE:  "Tim (Duncan) has been playing well lately. He's feeling good. His knee is doing well. Hopefully, he will stay like that. That's a great game from Timmy -- 19 and 17. Those are big numbers at 45 years old."    -- San Antonio guard Tony Parker THE STAT:  After clawing their way back in the second half to take a 73-67 lead heading into the final quarter, the Grizzlies picked the wrong time to go cold. In the fourth quarter, the Grizzlies shot just 5-for-25 (20 percent), including a 1-for-6 effort from 3-point range. They scored just 11 points in the quarter, a season-low for points in a quarter. TURNING POINT:  Trailing 82-79, Memphis guard  O.J. Mayo  was fouled after scoring on a drive to the basket, but missed the free throw to complete what would have been a three-point play. After a Spurs' turnover, Mayo then missed a layup that would have regained the lead for the Grizzlies. He then was called for a blocking call while guarding Duncan that resulted in a three-point play and an 85-81 lead for the Spurs. HOT:  San Antonio's  Tiago Splitter  more than picked up the slack when filling in for Duncan. Splitter was 6-for-7 from the floor, finishing with 14 points and six rebounds. NOT:  Mayo, who has been solid off the bench for the Grizzlies this season, was off Monday. Mayo missed 12 of his 15 shot attempts as he finished with nine points. He had been averaging 15.4 points on 44 percent shooting in his last 10 games. BAD MOVE:  With the Grizzlies falling behind early, coach  Lionel Hollins  found himself relying on his top four scorers --  Rudy Gay, Marc Gasol, Mike Conley  and Mayo -- to help get the team back in the game. The problem was by the fourth quarter, they all had run out of gas. Gay, Gasol and Conley all played more than 40 minutes, while Mayo played 27, including the final 10 minutes of the fourth quarter. The four shot a combined 5-for-23 in the quarter. QUOTABLE II:  "Obviously, you work yourself to exhaustion. You're supposed to in the minutes you're out there playing, but I think in a season like this, nobody's used to playing these kind of minutes and playing this much. It's tough."   -- Grizzlies forward Rudy Gay, who played a game-high 44 minutes NOTABLE:  The Grizzlies have now lost seven of their last nine games to drop to 12-13. It's the first time they have fallen under .500 since being 5-6. ... After losing their first five road games this season, the Spurs have now improved to 4-8 away from home. ... Gasol led the Grizzlies in scoring for the sixth time this season with his game-high 22 points. He also had nine rebounds. Conley added 19 points, a game-high eight assists and six rebounds. ... Grizzlies guard  Tony Allen  missed his second straight game with a sore left hip and knee. UP NEXT:  For the Spurs, Wednesday @ Philadelphia, Saturday @ New Jersey, Tuesday @ Detroit. For the Grizzlies, Wednesday vs. Minnesota, Friday vs. Indiana, Sunday vs. Utah.  