  Notebook: Heat 111, Cavs 87 Posted Friday February 17, 2012 11:45PM By Brian Dulik, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Two-time NBA MVP  LeBron James  scored a game-high 28 points in 30 minutes, including three alley-oop dunks, in leading the Miami Heat to a 111-87 victory over the Cleveland Cavaliers. Akron native James also had five rebounds and five assists in his only trip to Quicken Loans Arena this season. Shooting guard  Dwyane Wade  added 22 points for Miami, which also got 16 points and a game-best 12 rebounds from power forward  Chris Bosh . Rookie point guard  Kyrie Irving  had 17 points to lead Cleveland, which trailed by 34 points late in the third quarter. QUOTABLE:  "It's always special coming back here. I know these fans, they know me. They know how competitive I am. I just try and lead my team to victory every night. It's definitely special every time I come back here."   -- Heat small forward LeBron James THE STAT:  The Heat shot a blistering 66.7 percent on 3-pointers, making 14-for-21 attempts. Point guard  Mario Chalmers  led the way with four treys in six attempts, while James went 3-for-5 and shooting guard James Jones buried two in his four minutes on the court. Miami was 8-for-12 beyond the arc over the first two quarters and 6-for-9 from long distance after intermission. "I've always been very confident, but I don't think I've ever shot as consistently as I am now," said James, who is shooting a career-high .390 on 3-pointers this season. TURNING POINT:  Miami scored the first 11 points of the contest en route to taking a 21-2 lead in the first quarter. Bosh and Chalmers scored six points apiece during the game-opening assault, while Wade had five and James added four. "Defensively, we had no communication at the start," Cavaliers power forward  Antawn Jamison  said. "We didn't get back and they took advantage of that." The Heat's high-water mark in the opening period came at 35-12 before Cavaliers point guard  Ramon Sessions  ended the frame with a layup to cut their deficit to 21 points. QUOTABLE II:  "We just looked like we were scared to death, plain and simple. I thought [Miami] came out with great energy and great effort. We didn't match it whatsoever. It just seemed like the lights were just too bright for a lot of our guys. Simple as that."   -- Cavaliers coach  Byron Scott HOT:  James, Wade and Bosh combined for 66 points and 23 rebounds in 88 minutes. Miami's "Big Three" made 26-of-50 field goal attempts, 4-of-6 3-pointers, and 10-of-12 free throws. ... The Heat went 5-1 on its season-long six-game road trip. "We wanted to go 6-0, but we had a downer at the start of it," Miami coach  Erik Spoelstra  said, referring to a 102-89 loss in Orlando on Feb. 8. "This was a good end to our trip, though, and we did improve -- and it's tangible in that locker room." ... The Heat swept its three-game season series from the Cavaliers, improving to 6-1 against Cleveland since James switched sides in the rivalry in July 2010. NOT:  The Cavaliers have lost four games by 20-plus points this season, two at home and two on the road. "We just didn't give any resistance tonight," Irving said. "We started the game really slow, and it was hard to get back. They have a great team." ...  Alonzo Gee  started at shooting guard for Cleveland, but missed his first seven shots. ... Cavaliers swingman  Christian Eyenga  went 0-for-4 from the floor, making him 3-for-19 on the campaign (15.8 percent). ... Heat point guard  Norris Cole , who played collegiately at Cleveland State, jacked up 10 shots in 23 minutes. Cole made three of them and scored 10 points, but also had four fouls and two turnovers. QUOTABLE III:  "This is a great environment here, one of my favorite arenas in the NBA. It's built the right way -- built straight up -- so the fans are right on top of you. They make it hard for visiting teams, which is what you'd like to have everywhere to challenge you."   -- Heat coach Erik Spoelstra GOOD MOVE:  After the game, James shot down a published report that his representatives have reached out to Cavaliers owner  Dan Gilbert , purportedly to open the door for a return to the franchise. "It's not true," he said. "It's not true at all." James did, however, say he was glad that the Heat decided to travel to Cleveland after its Tuesday game in Indiana. Miami's players and coaches stayed in town for three full nights and practiced at Quicken Loans Arena. "I was able to go home for the last few days and spend some time in Akron," James said. "It was a great week." BAD MOVE : The Cavaliers, who are already without three key players, lost center  Semih Erden  to a left wrist contusion in the third quarter. Erden was available to return, but did not because the contest was well out of reach. Cleveland's regular starting center,  Anderson Varejao , is out for 4-6 weeks with a non-displaced fracture of his right wrist. Cavaliers shooting guards  Daniel Gibson  (left ankle sprain) and  Anthony Parker  (lower back strain) could return before the NBA All-Star break, but no target date has been set for either veteran. NOTABLE:  The Heat's all-time record moved above .500 for the first time ever at 943-942. ... Miami has shot 50 percent or better from the field in nine straight games. ... Cavaliers point guard Ramon Sessions had 15 points and a team-high five assists off the bench, while backup power forward  Tristan Thompson  had 12 points and a team-high six rebounds. ... Irving made a career-best seven free throws in seven tries, but was 5-for-15 on field goal attempts. ... Cleveland is 2-3 on its ongoing franchise-record nine-game homestand. ... The game drew the Cavaliers' second home sellout of the season. UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Sunday vs. Orlando, Tuesday vs. Sacramento, Thursday vs. New York. For the Cavaliers, Sunday vs. Sacramento, Tuesday vs. Detroit, Wednesday vs. New Orleans.  