  Pacers-Rockets notebook   By Matt Miller, for NBA.com  Posted Saturday March 5, 2011 11:45PM THE FACTS:  The Houston Rockets' season-saving stretch and the Indiana Pacers' struggles continued. Kevin Martin  scored a game-high 20 points and  Kyle Lowry  added 18 points, six assists and two steals, as Houston improved to 6-1 since the All-Star break with a 112-95 victory over the Indiana Pacers on Saturday at Toyota Center.  Chase Budinger  chipped in with 18 points and six boards for the Rockets (32-32), who have won three of their last four at home and are 2.5 games behind Memphis for the Western Conference's final playoff spot. Tyler Hansbrough  poured in a double-double of 17 points and 10 rebounds to lead the Pacers (27-35), who have lost five of their last six games. With a win at Portland on Saturday, the Charlotte Bobcats will move into a virtual deadlock with Indiana for eighth place in the Eastern Conference. QUOTABLE:  "Good basketball teams play the best basketball in the months of March and April. For us, where we're at in the standings, we need to have a great March."   -- Kevin Martin THE STAT:  Houston won for the 13th consecutive time when allowing less than 100 points, which stands as the longest active streak in the NBA. The Rockets have held three of their last four opponents to 95 points or less, allowing an average of 94.3 points in this period. TURNING POINT:  Houston's offense looked sluggish for most of the opening period, but the Rockets' second unit provided a spark in the second quarter. Indiana trailed 29-20 in the opening minute of the second when Houston guard  Courtney Lee  scored five straight to ignite an 18-4 Rockets run.  Patrick Patterson ,  Goran Dragic  and Budinger also got in on the action during the game-changing stretch with strong drives to the hoop and solid team defense. QUOTABLE II:  "It was the last of four [games] in five nights, but still, we've got to play with more energy than we've been giving. In a lot of our wins in the past month or so, we've played with a lot more energy than we've showed these last three games."   -- Pacers forward  Danny Granger  on the root of Indiana's poor play over the last week HOT:  Lowry failed to post his third consecutive double-double, but his hot streak in the wake of  Aaron Brooks ' departure to Phoenix is still going. Over the last four games, Lowry has averaged 20.3 points on 50.8 percent (30-for-59) shooting from the floor and 43.3 percent (13-for-30) shooting from behind the arc. NOT:  Indiana's offense has hit a wall over the last six games, as the Pacers have shot 41.0 percent in this period. Indiana handed out just 15 assists on 38 baskets Saturday, displaying the offensive rhythm and flow the Pacers sorely lack at this time. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Granger generated most of his offense at the free-throw line, where he scored half of his 16 points. Including Saturday's 4-for-13 shooting effort, Granger has connected on only 36 percent of his field-goal attempts in the last four games. GOOD MOVE:  Although the Rockets sent a man to play help defense at times,  Chuck Hayes  spent a majority of the night defending Indiana center  Roy Hibbert  one-on-one. Hayes held his own in the post, which allowed the rest of Houston's defenders to focus on their respective assignments. BAD MOVE:  Hayes and Hibbert were victims of a double-technical foul in the first period. The pair were simply jawing at each other, but they did so next to an official. Trash talk is expected, but the pair may have made unacceptable comments. ROOKIE WATCH:  The blowout led to extra minutes for Pacer rookies  Lance Stephenson  and  Paul George . Stephenson finished with five points and five assists, while George scored eight points, snatched six boards and collected two steals in an active performance off the bench. NOTABLE:  Rockets coach  Rick Adelman  earned his 934th career coaching victory, one shy of tying  Dick Motta  for 10th all-time in NBA coaching wins. ... Indiana has lost nine in a row on the road against Western Conference opponents. ... The Pacers fell to 4-27 when they score less than 100 points. ... Hanbrough has scored in double figures in a season-high five consecutive games. ... Granger has sank 40 consecutive free-throw attempts. ... The Rockets improved to 19-4 when allowing less than 100 points. ... Houston has scored at least 60 points in a half 24 times this season. ... The Rockets blocked 11 shots for only the third time this season. ... UP NEXT:  For the Pacers, Tuesday vs. Philadelphia, Wednesday @ Minnesota, Friday @ Toronto. For the Rockets, Monday @ Sacramento, Tuesday @ Phoenix, Saturday vs. San Antonio.  