Notebook: Nuggets 97, Grizzlies 92 
 
 
 Marlon W. Morgan, For NBA. com 
 
Posted Tue Nov 20, 2012 12:02 AM - Updated Tue Nov 20, 2012 12:02 AM 
 
 THE FACTS:  The Denver Nuggets played like the Memphis Grizzlies Monday night, with the result being Grizzly-like as well. Denver dominated the boards and the paint, while scoring 29 points off turnovers and was able to do what only one other team has done in 10 games -- beat the Grizzlies, 97-92. The win not only snapped Denver's three-game losing streak, but it also ended the Grizzlies' eight-game winning streak. The Grizzlies also saw their franchise-record, 15-game regular season home winning streak snapped.  Danilo Gallinari  led the Nuggets with a game-high 26 points, while  Kenneth Faried  added another double-double with 13 points and 13 rebounds. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "It was coming. Today we got what we deserved. The last game we didn't play that well, but the other team wasn't as talented as this team is. When you play with fire, sometimes you get burned." 
 -- Grizzlies center  Marc Gasol 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The last couple of seasons, it's been the Grizzlies who were among the NBA's best at grabbing offensive rebounds and scoring in the paint. This year, that's been the Nuggets' calling card as they lead the NBA in both categories. They showed why Monday night, scoring 50 points in the paint with the help of grabbing 21 offensive rebounds. That led to a 47-33 edge on the boards. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Grizzlies looked as if they were about to squeak out a hard-fought win when  Zach Randolph's  putback with 2:13 left gave them a 92-88 lead. But a 9-0 run to end the game, aided by three straight Memphis turnovers, allowed the Nuggets to come back for the win. Gallinari scored six of those points, including a big 3-pointer with 12.7 seconds left to give Denver a four-point cushion. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "This is the first game on the road where I think we executed at a high level both offensively and defensively. We have to start shooting better. We were celebrating shooting 70 percent from the free throw line today. We've got to get better at making shots and I think we will once we win games, and I think confidence comes by winning."  
 -- Denver coach  George Karl 
 
 
 HOT:  Gallinari's 26 points were a season-high. He did he damage from both the inside and outside as he drove the basket and also hit a pair of 3's. Gallinari, who was 7-for-16 from the floor, was also 10-for-11 at the free throw line. 
 
 NOT:  Denver point guard  Ty Lawson  continued his continued his rough start to the season. He was 4-for-14 from the floor, finishing with nine points and four assists. Lawson came into the game shooting just 38 percent from the floor and averaging 12 points. He did, however, come up with four offensive rebounds. 
 
 NOTABLE:  The last regular season home loss for the Grizzlies was on March 16 when they lost to Toronto in overtime. ... Randolph managed to keep his double-double streak alive with 12 points and 13 boards. He has a double-double in all 10 games this season. But Randolph was nearly invisible in the fourth quarter with just two points and two rebounds. ... Gasol was also a ghost with no points and one rebound in the fourth after scoring 16 with five rebounds through three quarters. ...  Rudy Gay  led the Grizzlies with 22 points. ...  JaVale McGee  was big off the bench for Denver, scoring 15 points and grabbing eight rebounds, five on the offensive end. He was a key figure in the fourth quarter with five points and five rebounds. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Nuggets, Wednesday @ Minnesota, Friday vs. Golden State, Sunday vs. New Orleans. For the Grizzlies, Friday vs. L.A. Lakers, Monday vs. Cleveland, Wednesday vs. Toronto. 
