
 Heat-Hornets notebook   By Larry Holder, for NBA.com  Posted Friday November 5, 2010 11:43PM THE FACTS:   Chris Paul  had 13 points and 19 assists as the New Orleans Hornets stunned  LeBron James, Dwyane Wade, Chris Bosh  and the Miami Heat with a 96-93 win Friday night at the New Orleans Arena. Hornets coach  Monty Williams  is still undefeated as an NBA head coach and the team has started the season 5-0, which is the best start in franchise history. QUOTABLE:  "I don't want to make light f it, but at the same time it's nice to be part of a group who plays hard every night. Different guys are stepping up each night. I don't want to sit here and babble about something that doesn't mean anything, but I know we are a together group. ... I'm growing up minute by minute. ... Over the long haul, I'll get better at it." --  Williams  on beat the Heat and starting off his first season as an NBA head coach 5-0. THE STAT:  The Hornets scored the first two points of the game and only trailed the Heat once the entire game for only nine seconds. New Orleans outscored Miami 29-17 in the first quarter. The Heat outscored the Hornets in every other quarter. TURNING POINT:  Hornets forward  Trevor Ariza  hit a 3-pointer with 14.3 seconds remaining in the fourth quarter to give New Orleans a 94-90 lead and a sigh of relief after nearly blowing a game the Hornets had in hand from the onset. HOT:  Hornets center  Emeka Okafor . After a lackluster season last year, Okafor has been sharp through five games and he made his biggest contribution of the season on both ends on Friday as he scored a team-high 26 points shooting 12 of 13 from the floor along with 13 rebounds. QUOTABLE II:  "We maybe got some attention (throughout the league), but we're still just focusing on ourselves and trying to get where we need to get. That's it." --  Ariza  on beating the much-hyped Heat INSIDE THE ARENA:   Rapper Lil' Wayne  made his way courtside just before the end of the first half. It was the rapper's second night out of jail after serving eight months of his one-year sentence for drug-related charges. ... Other famous faces in the crowd included NFL Hall of Famer  Ricky Jackson  (wearing his yellow HOF jacket), New Orleans Saints players  Reggie Bush, Pierre Thomas, Darren Sharper, Tracy Porter, Robert Meachem, Devery Henderson, Jonathan Goodwin, Chris Ivory  and actor  Harry Shearer . Former American Idol winner Ruben Studdard sang the National Anthem. QUOTABLE III:  "We can't just show up because of the jerseys we have on. We have to play." --  James  on the loss NOTABLE:  James, Wade and Bosh combined for 63 of the Heat's 93 points. ... Friday night's game was the Hornets' first sellout of the season. ... Neither the Hornets nor the Heat have allowed a team to score 100 points or more at all this season. ... The Heat gave up 16 assists to New Jersey and 14 to Minnesota in its last two games. Paul alone had 19 assists as the Hornets piled up 26 assists. UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Saturday vs. Nets, Wednesday vs. Utah, Friday vs. Boston. For the Hornets, Saturday @ Milwaukee, Tuesday vs. L.A. Clippers, Friday vs. Portland. 
