  Notebook: Bulls 96, Sixers 91  Posted Sunday March 4, 2012 10:42PM By Andy Jasner, for NBA.com THE FACTS: Derrick Rose  scored 35 points, including a clutch shot from the baseline with 20.2 seconds remaining, to lift the Chicago Bulls past the Philadelphia 76ers 96-91 Sunday night at the Wells Fargo Center.  Carlos Boozer  added 13 points while  Joakim Noah  had 11 points and 18 rebounds. The Bulls improved to 31-8 and won their sixth game in a row. They also have compiled a league-best 17 road victories. Thaddeus Young  led the Sixers (22-16) with 17 points while  Jrue Holiday  had 16 points.  Elton Brand, Nikola Vucevic  and  Andre Iguodala  contributed 14 each but it wasn't enough as the Sixers had their three-game winning streak snapped against Chicago. QUOTABLE:  "We hung on. I thought we showed a lot of toughness."  --  Bulls head coach  Tom Thibodeau . THE STAT:  The Sixers lost despite committing just six turnovers. It's the 16th time the Sixers have recorded fewer than 10 turnovers in a game this season. TURNING POINT:  The Bulls exploded on a 15-2 run early in the fourth quarter to snap a 66-all game and quickly turn it into an 81-68 advantage. Deng hit a pair of 3-pointers and Rose added a triple during the burst. It was enough of a cushion to hold off the hard-charging Sixers down the stretch as they made a late push. HOT:  Rose knocked down 12 of his 23 shots, including 4-for-7 from beyond the arc. He was also 7-for-9 from the free throw line. NOT:  Sixers shooting guard  Jodie Meeks  misfired on five of his six shots, including all four 3-pointers. QUOTABLE II:  "At the end of the game, that's what I have to do, to lead this team by example."  --  Rose, on his shot with 20.2 seconds left, which helped propel the Bulls to their 31st win. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Rose scored 35 points, but he played a complete game with eight assists, four rebounds, one steal and one blocked shot. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Playing in front of a national television audience on ESPN, the huge crowd of 19,683 was loud from the opening tip. It was easy to see the fans had been anticipating this game all day. QUOTABLE III:  "It gets frustrating. You've just got to take the blow and roll with it and just get to the next game. It's a long season."  --  Young, on the Sixers' sixth loss in their last eight games at home. GOOD MOVE:  The Bulls continued to work the ball inside and out, creating opportunities as the game continued. In the fourth, both facets were working so well and Rose simply controlled the game. He made the right decision time and time again and the Bulls worked their offense to precision. BAD MOVE:  The Sixers didn't get to the free throw line enough. They took some jumpers when they could have gone inside. ROOKIE WATCH:  Bulls swingman  Jimmy Butler  didn't play. For the Sixers,  Lavoy Allen  started and had two points and two rebounds. Vucevic was tremendous in the first half and wound up with 14 points and eight rebounds. NOTABLE:  Bulls guard  C.J. Watson  sprained his left ankle with 8.5 seconds left in the second quarter. He returned at the start of the fourth. ... Brand registered his third consecutive double-double. ... Brand has 16 offensive rebounds in the last three games. ... The Sixers are 0-4 when they've allowed a 30-point scorer this season. ... Noah earned his 16th double-double this season. He also has one triple-double. NEXT:  For the Bulls, Monday vs. Pacers, Wednesday @ Milwaukee, Thursday vs. Orlando. For the Sixers, Monday @ Milwaukee, Wednesday vs. Boston, Friday vs. Utah.  