  Notebook: Nets 98, Raptors 84 Posted Wednesday March 14, 2012 10:52PM By Adam Figman, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Following a slow first half, the undermanned New Jersey Nets gained control in the middle of the third quarter and never lost the lead, defeating the Toronto Raptors 98-84. With  Deron Williams  missing his third straight game with a strained right calf and  Brook Lopez  still sidelined with a sprained right ankle,  Kris Humphries  (16 points, 21 rebounds) and  Gerald Green  (a game-high 26 points) filled in well, guiding the Nets to an easy victory. James Johnson  and  Jerryd Bayless  each scored a team-high 16 points for the Raptors. QUOTABLE:  "The Nets outworked us. Humphries had 21 rebounds. You have to be physical with him in the paint, and we didn't have that. ... We're in the NBA and what we're paid to do is to perform each and every night. I just didn't see that."   -- Raptors coach  Dwane Casey THE STAT:  61. The number of points scored by the Nets' bench. The Raptors' bench countered with just 24. TURNING POINT:  Humphries hit two free throws four and a half minutes into the third quarter that tied the tilt at 50, and the Nets never looking back. HOT:  The run of solid statistical showings from Humphries continued, as his 21 boards marks a new season-high for the big man. He's pulled a combined 39 rebounds in his last two tilts. NOT:  The Raptors, from beyond the 3-point line. They drained just one of 10 from deep, an embarrassing 10 percent clip. QUOTABLE II:  "It's nice to see that when a team has a major point of emphasis coming into the game -- whether it's, for us, defense, closing out quarters, finishing games -- that you're executing all those phases."   -- Nets coach  Avery Johnson INSIDE THE ARENA:  A few fans wore Orlando Magic  Dwight Howard  jerseys, signifying the hope they have that the big man is traded to New Jersey before Thursday's trade deadline. ... Singer  Natasha Bedingfield  was one of 10,701 in attendance. GOOD MOVE:  Green continues to make the most of his opportunity with the Nets; along with a season-high 26-point performance, the 26-year-old dazzled with an impressive and-one in the third quarter. NOTABLE:   Anthony Morrow  added 15 points off six-for-10 shooting, sinking all three of his 3-point attempts. ... This was Humphries' third career 20-plus rebound performance. ... This victory ends a short two-game losing streak for New Jersey. UP NEXT:  For the Nets, Friday @ Orlando, Saturday vs. New Orleans, Monday vs Cleveland. For the Raptors, Friday @ Memphis, Saturday @ Charlotte, Tuesday @ New York.  