  Cavaliers-Celtics Notebook   By Brian Robb, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday January 25, 2011 11:05PM THE FACTS:  The season debut of  Kendrick Perkins  highlighted a 112-95 blowout win by the Boston Celtics over the floundering Cleveland Cavaliers.  Paul Pierce  led the charge by scoring all 24 of his points during the first half, as the Celtics jumped out to a 22-point halftime lead they never looked back from. Perkins came off the bench for the Celtics and played 16 minutes in a surprise early return from ACL surgery.  Ramon Sessions  scored a game-high 15 points for Cleveland as the struggles for the Cavs continued. Byron Scott's squad has now lost 18 straight games, and 28-of-29 overall, including 22 straight on the road. QUOTABLE:  "I felt really good, but I thought I could do more. I couldn't sleep last night. I couldn't wait [to return]"  -  Perkins THE STAT:  Pierce extended his stretch of explosive first quarters at home, coming through with another impressive display in the opening 12 minutes. The C's captain buried six of his eight shots for 17 points, including the team's final 13 points of the period. TURNING POINT:  After Pierce's hot hand at the end of the first quarter gave Boston the lead, the Celtics took complete command of this contest midway through the second frame with a 10-0 run. The hot streak ballooned their lead to 20 points, a deficit Cleveland could not make up, as they trailed by no fewer than 15 points for the rest of the night. QUOTABLE II:  "We have been.....less than ourselves over the past three or four months that we have been together, just waiting for Perk. We've had great success with our guys, but we haven't had the lineup that we won our championship with. Having him back just makes us that much stronger with the additions we made."  -  Ray Allen HOT:   J.J Hickson.  Despite a daunting deficit, the Cavs starting center did not let up in the third quarter, piling up a double-double with 10 points and 11 rebounds over the period. Hickson finished with 12 points and 17 rebounds on the evening to go along with a career-high five assists and four blocks. NOT:   Antawn Jamison.  The veteran missed his final five shots and went scoreless in the second half to finish with just 12 points on 5-of-14 shooting from the field. It was Jamison's lowest scoring output in seven games. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Allen. The C's sharpshooter has put together a January to remember. After going three-of-six from downtown tonight, he is now shooting 53.3 percent from beyond the arc since the start of the New Year. Overall, he is shooting a career-high 45.1 percent from three-point range through the 2010-11 season. BAD MOVE:  In a somewhat puzzling move by Rivers, he elected to play his All-Star  Rajon Rondo  nearly 44 minutes, despite the Cavs never threatening Boston's lead in the second half. Rondo finished with yet another double-double, tallying 11 points and 10 assists. ROOKIE WATCH:   Luke Harangody  took advantage of his return to the rotation to post eight points and four rebounds off the bench for Boston. Cleveland's  Christian Eyenga  and  Manny Harris  chipped in with 15 and 14 points respectively NOTABLE:  Perkins received a standing ovation from the TD Garden crowd, as he made his season debut with 8:02 remaining in the first quarter, replacing  Semih Erden . The C's regular starting center had not appeared in action since Game 6 of the NBA Finals last June. Perkins had planned to return on February 4th against Dallas before tonight's change of plans. He tallied seven points, six rebounds, and three assists in 17 minutes.  Marquis Daniels  missed the contest with a family issue.  Shaquille O'Neal  also sat out his second straight game with a sore right hip. Both are expected to rejoin the team on its west coast swing starting Thursday in Portland. Pierce left the Celtics' bench for the locker room in the fourth quarter to receive treatment on an ankle he tweaked during a layup attempt in the second half. Cleveland outscored Boston in the paint 40-36.  Samardo Samuels  tied a career-high with 10 points in the loss. UP NEXT:  For the Cavaliers, Friday vs. Denver, Sunday @ Orlando, Monday @ Miami. For the Celtics, Thursday @ Portland, Friday @ Phoenix, Sunday @ Lakers.  