Notebook: Thunder 101, Bucks 85 
 
 
 Randy Renner, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Jan 11, 2014 11:43 PM - Updated Sat Jan 11, 2014 11:43 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  Thunder forward  Serge Ibaka  recorded his 16th double-double of the season tonight, that's one more than he had all of last season. 
 
 THE LEAD:  The Oklahoma City Thunder played a great third quarter but were no better than so-so in the other three, still that was good enough to beat the Milwaukee Bucks 101-85. 
 
 Kevin Durant  led all scorers with 33 points. He also had 10 rebounds and seven assists. Ibaka finished with 17 points and 17 rebounds, three short of his career high.  Jeremy Lamb  came off the bench to score 17 points on 6-for-10 shooting, bouncing back after a 1-for-12 night in Denver the game before. 
 Milwaukee had two starters and two bench players in double figures.  O.J. Mayo  and  Luke Ridnour  each came off the bench and got hot from beyond the arc. Both scored 16 points and each made four 3-pointers. Rookie  Giannis Antetokounmpo  had 13 points and so did  Brandon Knight . 
 The Bucks came in averaging an NBA worst 42.1 percent shooting and were held to just 39.5 percent by OKC. The Thunder have struggled shooting the ball lately too and did again tonight, hitting just 40.7 percent. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "That was a shootout ... actually I thought our offense was much better in the second half. We haven't shot the ball well in the last three games but we finally got going in the second half and passing is what woke us up. Everyone was sharing the ball." --  Thunder head coach  Scott Brooks 
 
 
 THE STAT:  OKC shot 28.6 percent in the first half and 52.3 percent in the second half. The Thunder had seven assists and 11 turnovers in the first half and then 17 assists and seven turnovers in the second half. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Thunder scored more points in the third quarter (39) than in the first half (38) and ended the quarter on a nice 25-8 run to finally take control of a game they appeared on the verge of squandering away. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "Yeah it got away in the third quarter. I thought defensively we had some breakdowns and against a good team you just can't do that. Offensively our shot selection wasn't very good and we didn't move the ball very well." --  Bucks head coach  Larry Drew 
 
 
 HOT:  Ibaka had 12 rebounds in the first half ... Durant was 3-for-5 (14 points) in the third quarter ... Ibaka was 4-for-5 (nine points) in the third ... Knight was 5-for-8 (11 points) in the third quarter ... Lamb was 5-for-7 (12 points) in the second half. 
 
 NOT:  The Bucks missed their last 11 shots last night against Chicago and they missed their first 10 tonight ... Milwaukee finished the quarter 5-for-21 (23.8) percent ... OKC was almost as bad going 2-for-10 to start the first quarter ... OKC finished it shooting 20 percent (4-for-20) ... Durant missed his first eight shots ... The teams combined to go 0-for-12 on threes in the first 12 minutes ... By halftime the Bucks were shooting 31.8 percent and OKC was at 28.6 percent. 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  The 133rd consecutive sellout inside Chesapeake Energy Arena. Before the game Durant was presented with his KIA Western Conference Player of the Month Award for December. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Both teams missed a lot of shots but the Thunder were more active on the boards out rebounding Milwaukee 58-40. The Thunder recorded 21 offensive rebounds and 27 second chance points. 
 
 BAD MOVE:  After grabbing a rebound early in the first quarter Thunder center  Kendrick Perkins  took off on a fast break, sort of. By the time he reached the other end of the court the Bucks had caught up and he missed a layup. He appeared to never make a look to try to pass the ball. 
 
 BAD MOVE II:  Bucks center  Larry Sanders  got tangled up with Thunder backup center  Steven Adams  and threw a couple of elbows. Both appeared to catch Adams. Sanders was assessed a Flagrant Foul 2 and then ejected. Adams refused to engage and simply walked away with a smile on his face. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Adams played 11 minutes scoring one point and pulling down five rebounds. 
 
 NOTABLE:  The 10 first quarter points allowed by the Thunder tonight is the fewest in a quarter since moving from Seattle ... The 10 points were also the fewest Milwaukee has scored in any quarter this season ... The 38 points OKC scored in the first half were the fewest this season ... Durant had his 20th 30-point game of the season (leads NBA). 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Bucks: Monday @ Toronto, Wednesday vs. Memphis, Saturday @ Houston. For the Thunder: Tuesday @ Memphis, Thursday @ Houston, Friday vs. Golden State.  
