  Notebook: Mavericks 100, Thunder 87   By Dave Ivey, for NBA.com Posted Monday January 2, 2012 11:57PM THE FACTS: Dirk Nowitzki  scored 26 points and the defending champion Mavericks played their best all-around game of the season, knocking the Thunder from the ranks of the unbeaten with a 100-87 win in Dallas on Monday.  Shawn Marion  added a season-high 17 points and  Vince Carter  scored 14 off the bench, which outscored the Oklahoma City subs by a 47-25 margin.  Kevin Durant  led the Thunder with 27 points. QUOTABLE:  "I feel like we're going to be able to play with anybody ultimately."  --  Mavericks head coach  Rick Carlisle. THE STAT:  The Mavericks shot a season-high 48.8 percent against an Oklahoma City defense that had held its first five opponents below 45 percent from the field. TURNING POINT:  After a sluggish start for both teams that included five lead changes and six ties in the early going, the momentum started to swing toward Dallas when Carter checked into the game. He knocked down his first two buckets in the first quarter and scored eight during the Mavericks' 34-point second quarter. He repeatedly attacked the rim, finishing 8-for-9 at the line, and his energy was contagious. HOT:  After missing seven of his nine shots in the first half, including two layups in the first five minutes of the game, Marion caught fire after intermission. The Mavericks forward was 6-for-8 in the second half, including his first 3-pointer of the season. NOT:  The Thunder shot just 40.3 percent against the Mavericks, who entered the game ranked last in the league in field-goal defense. Oklahoma City shot 26.3 percent (5-for-19) from downtown. GOOD MOVE:  Dallas centers  Brendan Haywood  and  Ian Mahinmi  continually found holes in the middle of the Thunder defense and crashed the glass, combining for 16 points and 17 rebounds (seven offensive boards). The Mavericks outscored the Thunder 56-42 in the paint. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  For Oklahoma City,  Russell Westbrook  tallied 18 points, eight rebounds, three assists and three steals and  James Harden  contributed 16 points, seven boards, three assists and two steals.  Jason Kidd  dished a season-high nine assists and  Jason Terry  scored 15 for Dallas. ROOKIE WATCH:  Oklahoma City guard  Reggie Jackson  played six minutes and missed all three of his shots from 3-point range, including an airball. He had one rebound and one assist. NOTABLE:  Owner  Mark Cuban  announced before the game that the Mavericks will visit President Barack Obama at the White House on Monday to recognize their 2011 NBA championship. ... Thunder 3-point specialist  Daequan Cook  (flu) did not play and starting swingman  Thabo Sefolosha  (sore left foot) saw limited duty. ... Nowitzki's 10-foot fadeaway at 7:40 of the second quarter was the 8,000th field goal of his career. He is the fourth active player and 31st in NBA history to reach that milestone. ... Dallas snapped the Thunder's five-game win streak. Last year, the Mavs halted six streaks of five or more games, including 12-gamers by the Spurs and Heat. UP NEXT:  For the Mavericks, Wednesday vs. Phoenix, Thursday @ San Antonio, Saturday vs. New Orleans. For the Thunder, Tuesday vs. Portland, Friday vs. Houston, Saturday @ Houston.  