  Hawks-Bucks notebook   By Rick Braun, for NBA.com Posted Thursday January 27, 2011 12:13AM THE FACTS: Corey Maggette  scored 22 points before fouling out, and  Garrett Temple  played a huge role in a fourth-quarter rally one day after being signed to a 10-day contract, as the Milwaukee Bucks turned an 11-point deficit after three quarters into a 98-90 victory over the Atlanta Hawks Wednesday night at the Bradley Center. QUOTABLE:  "I don't want to not take those shots; I think that hurts the team more. I feel comfortable shooting that corner three and I was able to knock a couple down."   -- Temple, signed by the team on Tuesday THE STAT:  After leading 75-64 through three quarters, for some reason the Hawks got jump-shot happy and were just 5-for-22 in the fourth quarter, including 0-for-6 on 3-pointers. TURNING POINT:  With the Hawks ahead by 11 to start the fourth quarter Temple couldn't convert on a drive to the basket. But  Luc Richard Mbah a Moute  was there to grab the offensive rebound and got the ball out to  Carlos Delfino , who made the first of his three fourth-quarter 3-pointers. Rookie  Larry Sanders  then converted a fast-break dunk on an assist from Temple, and the Bucks' rally was under way, as Milwaukee outscored Atlanta 22-3 to open the period. QUOTABLE II:  "The good thing about him was that he didn't come in tonight trying not to make a mistake. He came in trying to be aggressive. You never want to have a guy coming in being tentative, and he wasn't tonight. He was great for us."   -- Bucks center  Andrew Bogut  on Temple HOT:  After shooting just 38.1 percent through the first three quarters, the Bucks went 11-for-18 (61.1 percent) in the fourth quarter and 5-for-7 (71.4 percent) on 3-pointers. Delfino was 3-for-5, all 3-pointers, and Temple was 2-for-2 on 3-pointers in the quarter. NOT:  Other than  Al Horford 's 2-for-2 performance in the fourth quarter, the rest of the Hawks went 3-for-20, with  Josh Smith  going 1-for-6 (0-for-3 on 3-pointers),  Joe Johnson  going 1-for-4 and  Jamal Crawford ,  Mike Bibby  and  Zaza Pachulia  all going 0-for-2. GOOD MOVE:  Bucks coach  Scott Skiles  put Temple on the court to start the fourth quarter and when the Bucks started rallying, Skiles kept him out there for all but the final 13 seconds despite Temple having just had one practice since being signed on Tuesday. Temple finished with eight points, three rebounds and three assists in 18:14 of playing time and also was key in the Bucks' fourth-quarter defensive effort. ROOKIE WATCH:  Bucks forward  Larry Sanders  was a positive factor with eight points, four rebounds and three blocks in just 13:14 of action. NOTABLE:  Hawks sixth man  Jamal Crawford  was fouled shooting 3-pointers twice in the game and cashed in all six free throws. ...  Earl Boykins  had 20 points off the bench for Milwaukee, as did Crawford for the Hawks. ... Delfino had his best game since returning from 2 1/2 months out, making 5 of 9 3-pointers for 15 points. He also had five rebounds, four assists, a steal and a blocked shot. ... The Hawks had a six-game road winning streak snapped. ... Horford returned after missing two games with a sprained ankle, and  Marvin Williams  returned after missing 11 with a bruised back for the Hawks. ...  John Salmons  missed his fifth straight game for the Bucks with a sore hip but is expected back Friday against Toronto. It's also possible that point guard  Brandon Jennings  could return Saturday against New Jersey after missing nearly six weeks with a broken left foot.  Drew Gooden  missed his third straight game and 18th overall because of plantar fasciitis in his left foot. UP NEXT:  For the Hawks, Friday vs. New York, Saturday @ Dallas, Tuesday vs. Toronto . For the Bucks, Friday at Toronto, Saturday vs. New Jersey, Monday at Los Angeles Clippers.  