
 Magic-Nets notebook   By Jake Appleman, for NBA.com Posted Saturday November 13, 2010 11:28PM THE FACTS:   Jameer Nelson 's stepback baseline fadeaway over  Brook Lopez  with 4.1 seconds remaining propelled the Orlando Magic to a 91-90 victory over the New Jersey Nets. Nelson atoned for two missed free throws in the final minute that could have put the Magic up three. Lopez (23 points, 9-17 from the field, five rebounds, two blocks) gave the Nets a 90-89 lead by sinking a pair from the line with 11.5 seconds on the clock.  Dwight Howard  (16 points, 10 rebounds) paced a balanced Magic attack despite battling foul trouble, while  Devin Harris  (26 points, eight assists, six rebounds) and  Travis Outlaw  (20 points, 8-12 from the floor, seven rebounds) made major contributions in a losing effort. QUOTABLE:  "Their 5"9 point guard is going to his left?where we wanted to force him?against our seven-foot center, and he makes a Hail Mary shot. If there's a better defense we could have run, e-mail it to me."   --  Nets coach  Avery Johnson , on the final play THE STAT:  The Nets only grabbed two offensive rebounds. TURNING POINT:  Nelson's game-winner over Lopez. QUOTABLE II:  "Just like we drew it up. Miss the free throws and make the two."   -- Nelson ,  speaking sarcastically about his hectic final minute HOT:   Brandon Bass  (14 points, 4-6 from the floor, 6-6 from the line, eight rebounds) excelled off the bench for the Magic. NOT:   J.J. Redick  (1-7 from the floor) continued to struggle shooting the ball. GOOD MOVE:  Magic coach  Stan Van Gundy  entertained reporters before the game. BAD MOVE:   Johan Petro  picked up two traveling violations and was ineffective in five minutes of first half action. Johnson decided against playing him in the second half. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Harris battled back from cramps to provide a big second half lift yet again. His impressive production juxtaposed against his day-to-day injury issues will be interesting to keep an eye on. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Nets Mascot, Sly, encouraged fans to do the wave early in the fourth quarter...The announced attendance was 15,086 and most of the seats were filled for the Saturday evening affair...Fans were encouraged to use the search engine Bing to find pages of Jay-Z's new book "Decoded"... ROOKIE WATCH:   Derrick Favors  (zero points, two rebounds) hustled hard but didn't fill up the box score against a physical Magic frontcourt. NOTABLE:  Former Net  Vince Carter  received modest applause from the crowd when he was introduced...Both teams started out shooting 63.6% (7-11) from the field...After receiving IV treatment, Harris didn't start the second half, but checked in with under nine minutes remaining in the third quarter... Kris Humphries  blocked a Nelson layup attempt with his fist midway through the third quarter...The Nets never led by more than two points...Five Magic reserves played at least 14 minutes...Despite some contact, no foul was called on Harris' long distance heave on the game's final play... UP NEXT:  For the Magic, Monday vs. Memphis, Thursday vs. Phoenix, Saturday @ Indiana. For the Nets, Monday @ LA Clippers, Wednesday @ Utah, Friday @ Sacramento. 
