Notebook: Clippers 96, Celtics 88 
 
 
 Brian Robb, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Dec 11, 2013 11:52 PM - Updated Wed Dec 11, 2013 11:52 PM 
 
 THE FACT: Doc Rivers  coached as a member of the opposition for the first time at the TD Garden in 10 years.  
 
 THE LEAD:  Rivers returned to the TD Garden as a visitor Wednesday night and emerged as a winner, as his Los Angeles Clippers defeated the Boston Celtics 96-88. Rivers spent nine years coaching the Celtics before moving on this summer to Los Angeles. Rivers' presence back at the Garden created an emotional atmosphere in Boston, with the fans treating Rivers to a number of ovations as thanks for his contributions. Rivers' Clippers (15-8) also got the best of the Celtics (10-14) on the floor, as  Chris Paul  (22 points) and  Jamal Crawford  (21 points) helped the Clippers fight back from a six-point deficit and pull away late for the win.  Jeff Green  had a game-high 29 points in the Boston setback. 	  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "It was just nice.  It didn't surprise me [that they cheered] because that's just the way -- you've got to live here to understand it -- that's just the way they are.  It's an amazing fan base.  It really is.  And I just want everything to go well for them." 
 
  --Doc Rivers on Boston's crowd, while fighting back tears in his postgame press conference 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Boston's shorthanded bench failed to score a point until the 1:54 mark of the third quarter. The second unit finished with a season-low four points on the night.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  Crawford put together a 6-0 run for the Clippers all by himself in the closing moments of the fourth quarter with back-to-back 3-pointers. The clutch shooting gave the Clippers an eight-point edge with 2:10 remaining in the contest, putting the game away out of reach.   
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "It's just a special, different place, and people were born here and raised here and they cheer for their teams, and they love their athletes.  And it's just a great place to be.  The best decision I ever made was 10 years ago, when I decided to come." 
 
 --Doc Rivers on Boston 
 
 
 HOT:    Jamal Crawford  and  Brandon Bass . Crawford was 7-for-14 from the floor, including 2-for-2 from the arc. And despite facing a challenging matchup in  Blake Griffin , Bass got the best of the athletic power forward in the first half, scoring 14 of his 17 points on 6-for-8 shooting.  
 
 NOT:  Jared Dudley  -- The small forward is battling through tendinitis in his right knee and the injury is severely hampering his production on the floor. Dudley missed six of his nine shots on the night to finish with nine points. Over his past five games, Dudley is shooting a mere 36.7 percent from the field.  
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Paul -- The All-Star point guard has been forced to do more with so many Clippers' regulars sidelined with injuries. Paul has increased his production across the board. Against Boston, Paul flirted with a triple-double by posting 22 points, seven rebounds and nine assists over 36 minutes.  
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Vitor Faverani  -- The Brazilian big man has seen his minutes diminish in recent weeks, as he's struggled on both ends of the floor. That trend continued against the Clippers, as Faverani went scoreless in just five minutes of action.   
 
 GOOD MOVE:  The Celtics honored Rivers with a tribute video on the TD Garden Jumbotron at the end of the first quarter. The Boston crowd greeted their former coach with a prolonged standing ovation during the showing.  
 
 NOTABLE:  With a 3-pointer in the second quarter,  Antawn Jamison  became the 40th player in NBA history to score 20,000 career points. ...  Stephen Jackson  made his season debut for the Clippers, after signing with the team earlier this week. He was scoreless during his 12 minutes of action. ... Kelly Olynyk  missed his tenth straight game with a sprained ankle. Stevens is hopeful he will return to the lineup on Friday night against the Knicks. ... Kris Humphries  was inactive for the first game this season with a sore right knee. ... J.J. Redick  (hand),  Matt Barnes  (eye), and  Reggie Bullock  (ankle), were all inactive for the Clippers. ...  Courtney Lee  fouled out in just 14 minutes of action.     
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Celtics, Friday vs. New York, Monday vs. Minnesota, Wednesday vs. Detroit. For the Clippers, Thursday @ Brooklyn, Saturday @ Washington, Monday vs. San Antonio.    
