  Notebook: Bulls 92, Pacers 87 Posted Wednesday April 25, 2012 11:00PM By Tom Rietmann, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  The Chicago Bulls, pursuing the league's best record and a home-court advantage through the NBA Finals, produced an workmanlike effort in dispatching the Indiana Pacers 92-87 on Wednesday night at Bankers Life Fieldhouse. The injury-plagued Bulls played with their regular starting group intact for only the 15th time this season. They are 13-2 in those games. Three starters scored in double digits --  Carlos Boozer  with 16,  Joakim Noah  with 14 and  Derrick Rose  with 10. But it was sub  Kyle Korver  who led them with 20 points in 22 minutes, including a pair of important 3-pointers to hold off Indiana down the stretch. Chicago's bench players totaled 39 points, and reserve center  Omer Asik  had nine rebounds. The Bulls (49-16), No. 1 in the Eastern Conference, went into the night tied with San Antonio for the best record in the NBA. The Pacers (42-24) are locked in at No. 3 in the East. QUOTABLE:  "I liked the way the starters started the game. I thought it got us off to a good start. And our bench, you can't say enough about those guys. ... (It was) just a lot of good stuff from the bench guys."   -- Chicago coach  Tom Thibodeau THE STAT:  Indiana's  Lance Stephenson  got the first start of his two-year career, replacing  Danny Granger , who rested a sore knee. Stephenson hit 10-of-15 shots and scored a career-high 22 points. TURNING POINT:  Korver's nine-point output in the second quarter helped the Bulls to a 16-3 run, leading to a big lead of 15 points. The Pacers, who started the game with 10-of-18 shooting, slumped to 1-of-13 to help the Bulls' cause. Chicago's 41-26 cushion with 6:44 left before the half proved too large for the Pacers to overcome. QUOTABLE II:  "I just think that he's gotten more comfortable. He was out a long period of time. When he comes back, he usually gets up to speed pretty quickly. He said this morning he's feeling a lot better, and that's after two days of practice, too. That's a real good sign."   -- Thibodeau on point guard  Derrick Rose , who had 10 points and seven assists in only his second game back after missing 16 of 19 with various injuries. HOT:   Joakim Noah  pulled down a game-high 14 rebounds, giving him double digits for the fifth time in six games. ... The Chicago defense held the Pacers under 100 points for the first time in 10 games. NOT:  The Bulls'  Richard Hamilton  scored just four points after getting 19 in Saturday's victory over Dallas and producing double-digit scoring in four of five games. ... Indiana's  Paul George , with seven points, failed to score in double figures for the first time in four games. QUOTABLE III:  "We accomplished the goal of getting a good look at Lance Stephenson. He really had a heckuva basketball game. Everybody knows the talent the kid has. It's a matter of growing."    -- Indiana coach  Frank Vogel GOOD MOVE:  Vogel's decision to keep Stephenson in the lineup in the fourth quarter made the game winnable. Stephenson scored 12 points in the fourth quarter on 5-of-6 shooting, including two 3-pointers. BAD MOVE:  The Pacers tried a lot of things, but their inability to rebound with the Bulls kept them from making the game closer, especially early. The Pacers' leading rebounder was  Lou Amundson  with seven. NOTABLE:  Few Pacers fans left their seats during Wednesday's halftime. The Indiana club honored its three American Basketball Association championship teams during halftime ceremonies. Members of the 1970, '72 and '73 teams were on hand.  Mel Daniels , a star center during Indiana's ABA days, drew especially loud cheers. Daniels will be inducted into the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame in September. ... The Pacers had only 11 turnovers, giving them 11 or fewer in six of their last seven regular-season games. ... Chicago's 27 assists matched the most against Indiana in the last 19 games. UP NEXT:  For the Pacers, the regular season has ended. They will open the playoffs against Orlando, the No. 6 seed. For the Bulls, Thursday vs. Cleveland.  