Notebook: Bucks 115, Kings 113 
 
 
 James Ham, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Mon Mar 11, 2013 1:46 AM - Updated Mon Mar 11, 2013 1:46 AM 
 
 THE FACTS:  After a solid victory over the Phoenix Suns on Friday night, the Sacramento Kings fought hard on their home floor, but came up short, losing to the Milwaukee Bucks by the final of 115-113. 
 
 Monta Ellis  led the Bucks (32-29) with 29 points and nine assists in 42 minutes of action.  Mike Dunleavy  did two things really well -- he was able to get in the head of  DeMarcus Cousins  and he scored 16 points on 4-for-7 shooting from 3-point range.  Gustavo Ayon  gave coach  Jim Boylan  a strong showing off the Bucks bench, scoring 12 points and grabbing seven rebounds in just 14 minutes of play.     
 Cousins led the way for the Kings (22-43), scoring 24 points and grabbing 10 rebounds, but hit the showers in the third quarter after getting ejected from the game.  Jason Thompson  picked up the slack in the post, scoring 14 of his 18 points in the second half.  And  Jimmer Fredette  went nuts in the fourth quarter, scoring 11 of his 14 points in just four minutes while attempting to bring the Kings back in this one. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I got you." 
 
 -- An agitated Cousins to Dunleavy moments before he picked up a flagrant two for coming high with an elbow and was ejected from the game 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Cousins picked up his 12th technical foul and third flagrant two of the season. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  With a little over three minutes remaining in the third quarter and the Kings trailing 75-67, Cousins took exception to what he clearly felt was a dirty play by Milwaukee's Dunleavy.  After a timeout, Cousins approached Dunleavy, the two exchanged words and a double-technical was called.  When the ball was put back in play, Cousins retaliated with a blow to Dunleavy's head, which resulted in a flagrant two and an ejection. The Kings responded with a big push, but came up short in the end.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "You can give a person as much advice as you can, from us, to coaches, to Hall of Famers, to whatever, but at the end of the day, you're in this league because you are a grown man and you're going to do what you want to do."  
 
 -- Jason Thompson on the continuing issues with Cousins 
 
 
 HOT:  Cousins was a wrecking ball in his 29 minutes of action, scoring 24 points on 10-for-12 shooting and grabbing 10 rebounds for the Kings.  The only one who could stop Cousins was himself.  
 
 NOT:  Ellis led the Bucks with 29 points, but defined the term "volume shooter," finishing just 9-for-24 from the floor.    
 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Two and a half seasons into his career and Cousins still hasn't learned to control his temper, costing his team when he was ejected in the third quarter.  
 
 NOTABLE:  Bucks owner  Herb Kohl  is accompanying his team on their West Coast road trip and was seated behind Milwaukee's bench. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Bucks, Tuesday vs. Dallas, Wednesday @ Washington, Friday vs. Miami. For the Kings, Wednesday vs. Chicago, Sunday @ L.A. Lakers, Mar. 19 vs. L.A. Clippers.  
