Notebook: Timberwolves 107, Nets 96 
 
 
 Jake Appleman, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Mon Nov 05, 2012 11:03 PM - Updated Mon Nov 05, 2012 11:03 PM 
 
 THE FACTS : With the Barclays Center computers malfunctioning, the Nets coughed up a 22-point lead and lost to the Timberwolves, 107-96, at Barclays Center.  Nikola Pekovic  (17 points),  Dante Cunningham  (5 points),  Chase Budinger  (13 points) and  Andrei Kirilenko  (16 points, nine rebounds, six assists) out-muscled and outmaneuvered the Nets' frontcourt in the second half, as the Timberwolves were impressively able to mount their comeback on the second day of a back-to-back.      
 
 QUOTABLE:   "We did a good job at chipping away." 
--  Wolves point guard  J.J. Barea 
 
 
 THE STAT:   The Wolves outscored the Nets 32-10 in the fourth quarter.   
 
 TURNING POINT:  Nikola Pekovic  made an aggressive move in the lane to put the Wolves firmly in control at 100-96. 
 
 QUOTABLE II : "At the start of the fourth quarter, 11 down, I told them the first five minutes are going to be crucial in this game." 
--  Wolves  c oach  Rick Adelman.   
 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  The Nets' "Brooo-klyn" chant became a staple through the speaker's Public Address system...The Nets received lackluster support from fans in the lower bowl.  
 
 ROOKIE WATCH: Tyshawn Taylor  and  Mirza Teletovic  had bright debuts for the Nets.  Alexey Shved  (six points) did some nice things for the Wolves.  
 
 NOTABLE: Keith Bogans , starting for an injured Gerald Wallace, began the game with a 3-pointer and then air-balled another attempt on the Nets' subsequent possession. All of his nine points came in the first quarter...The game saw a startling number of airballs....Nets point guards shot well and combined for 33 points and 19 assists, but could not prevent the Nets from their massive fourth-quarter collapse.    
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Timberwolves, Wednesday vs. Orlando, Friday vs. Indiana, Saturday @ Chicago. For the Nets, Wednesday vs. Miami, Friday vs. Orlando, Sunday vs. Orlando.    
