  Notebook: Sixers 97, Pistons 68 Posted Tuesday February 28, 2012 11:00PM By Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Reserve forward  Thaddeus Young  led six players in double figures with 20 points and eight rebounds as the Philadelphia 76ers snapped a five-game losing streak with a 97-68 victory over the Detroit Pistons at The Palace Tuesday. Guard  Louis Williams  had 13 points and seven assists for the Atlantic Division-leading Sixers while All-Star forward  Andre Iguodala  contributed 12 points, all before halftime. Center  Greg Monroe  led Detroit, which lost its third straight, with 20 points. QUOTABLE:  "It's a long season. You get those stretches where you're just not playing good basketball, Right before the break, guys were kind of fatigued and it started showing in our play. After we got our fresh legs back, we're back to playing good basketball."   -- Williams on his team breaking their losing streak. THE STAT:  17. The Sixers made a season-high 17 steals, led by Iguodala's four. Forward  Elton Brand  and guard  Jrue Holiday  made three apiece, as Philadelphia scored 30 fast-break points and turned 23 Detroit turnovers into 24 points. Philadelphia's previous single-game high in steals this season was 13. TURNING POINT:  The Sixers were up by two entering the second quarter then swiftly took control with an 11-0 run. Young had five of his 14 first-half points during that stretch while the Pistons committed four of their 15 first-half turnovers. Pistons forward  Tayshaun Prince  finally responded with a layup but Detroit was down double digits the rest of the way. QUOTABLE II:  "Fresh legs and fresh minds -- it's something I always talk about. I just thought our guys played fresh tonight and that's what I was hoping for."   -- Sixers coach  Doug Collins  on how the All-Star break helped his team refocus HOT:  Young reached the 20-point mark 15 times last season but only had three 20-point games this season until Tuesday. Philadelphia's transition game suited Young's style and he took a game-high 17 shots. He was also a factor defensively, making two steals and two blocks. NOT:  Pistons starting guards  Rodney Stuckey  and  Brandon Knight  couldn't handle the pressure of the Sixers' guards, committing eight of Detroit's turnovers. They made five of those turnovers before halftime and Detroit's offense self-destructed. The Pistons shot a season-low 31.6 percent from the field. NOTABLE:  Collins returned to the locker room early in the fourth quarter with flu-like symptoms but felt good enough to meet the media afterward. ... Philadelphia has defeated the Pistons by an average of 24.3 points in three games this season. ... Brand, who missed the previous two games with a sprained right thumb, had 10 points. ... Prince, who turned 32 Tuesday, was limited to four points. ... Iguodala added six assists. UP NEXT:  For the Sixers, Wednesday vs. Oklahoma City, Friday vs. Golden State, Sunday vs. Chicago. For the Pistons, Wednesday vs. Charlotte, Saturday @ Memphis, Tuesday vs. L.A. Lakers.  