  Notebook: Lakers 93, Nuggets 89   By Michael Kelly, for NBA.com Posted Saturday February 4, 2012 2:21AM THE FACTS: Andrew Bynum  had 22 points and 10 rebounds,  Kobe Bryant  had 20 points and nine assists and the Los Angeles Lakers held off the Denver Nuggets for a 93-89 win Friday night.  Pau Gasol  had 13 points and 17 rebounds for the Lakers, who won for just the third time in 10 road games. Al Harrington  had 24 points and eight rebounds off the bench and  Andre Miller  had 16 points and seven assists for the Nuggets, who have lost two straight at home and three of their last four overall. QUOTABLE:  "Drew has a clean dunk and he gets fouled and it ends up being Denver's ball in a two-point game. That's tough to swallow when it's in somebody else's building. I'm a little disappointed the way we executed down the stretch and disappointed in how the game was called down the stretch. In a tight ballgame you hope that you got something better from both parties, from our guys and from the officials."   --  Lakers head coach  Mike Brown , on the missed dunk by Bynum with 11 seconds left that led to the Nuggets chance to win it at the end. THE STAT:  The Nuggets entered Friday averaging 105.7 points a game, tops in the NBA. The Lakers held them 16 points below their average and to just 18 fast-break points. TURNING POINT:  After Bynum missed a contested dunk, a video review gave the Nuggets the ball with 11 seconds left and down by two. Denver set up a play for Harrington, who missed a step-back 3-pointer with  Metta World Peace  closely guarding him. QUOTABLE II:  "I didn't shoot the ball particularly well but my teammates did. We're doing a great job of recognizing traps and double teams and hitting each other."   --  Bryant, on his 7-for-23 night. HOT:  Harrington nearly won the game for the Nuggets. He came back into the game with 6:09 left and scored 10 straight points -- including two 3-pointers -- in less than three minutes to cut the Lakers lead to one. NOT:  Nuggets leading scorer  Danilo Gallinari  struggled all game. He didn't hit a shot in the first half and had just two points at the break. He finished with just six points on 1 of 9 shooting and didn't play in crunch time. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Music promoter  Barry Fey  delivered the game ball to center court before the tip. GOOD MOVE:  The Lakers went inside for their offense early and established their big men on the post. Bynum had 15 points at the break and Gasol had 10 rebounds. The low-post game opened up some opportunities for their teammates on the perimeter. BAD MOVE:  The Nuggets play down the stretch. They didn't get the ball to Harrington, who had a hot hand, until the final shot of the game and they missed open shots down. QUOTABLE III:  "For an end-of-the-game situation against a good defensive team he got a fair release. I wouldn't call it a great shot. I'd like better."   --  Nuggets head coach  George Karl , on his team's last shot. ROOKIE WATCH:  Lakers backup point guard  Andrew Goudelock  had another strong game off the bench. He scored 13 points and hit a couple of key shots in the third quarter when the Lakers were trying to maintain the lead. NOTABLE: Timofey Mozgov  came out energized in the third quarter after struggling in the first half but left the game with a sprained left ankle. He fell to the floor after hitting a layup and was helped to the locker room. He didn't return. UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Saturday @ Utah, Monday @ Philadelphia, Thursday @ Boston. For the Nuggets, Saturday @ Portland, Monday vs. Houston, Wednesday vs. Dallas.  