  Notebook: Bulls 92, Pistons 68   By Kent McDill, for NBA.com Posted Monday January 9, 2012 11:22PM THE FACTS:  The Chicago Bulls, with the league's second-best defense, easily defeated the Detroit Pistons, who have the league's worst offense, 92-68 Monday at the United Center. After a 21-21 first quarter, the Bulls held the Pistons scoreless for the first six minutes of the second quarter and took control, never to be challenged again.  Carlos Boozer  had 23 points and  Derrick Rose  had 22 for the Bulls.  Greg Monroe  led the Pistons with 14 points and 10 rebounds. QUOTABLE:  "If every night was like this, where we played defense and get out and run, it would be easy."   --  Bulls guard Derrick Rose. THE STAT:  After shooting better than 50 percent (nine for 16) in the first quarter, the Pistons were 19 for 55 (34.5 percent) the rest of the way. They scored only 13 points in the second quarter. THE STAT II:  Rose had eight assists to go with his 22 points, and is averaging 8.4 assists per game. If he maintains that average he would have the second highest average in team history behind  Guy Rodgers'  11.2 assists per game in 1966-67, the club's first year of existence. TURNING POINT:  The Pistons missed the first eight shots of the second quarter and committed three turnovers, turning a 21-21 game into a 30-21 game with six minutes left in the half. Detroit got no closer than five points the rest of the game. INJURY UPDATE:  Bulls guard  Richard Hamilton  sat again for the fifth time in six games because of a sore groin (although he did dress). Bulls guard  C.J. Watson  remained out with a sore elbow. Detroit forward  Austin Daye  returned to action after missing one game with a sore right ankle. But  Rodney Stuckey  (groin) and  Charlie Villanueva  (ankle) did not play again. HOT:  Bulls forward Carlos Boozer has been playing very well, and had his fourth straight game shooting at least 50 percent from the field with a nine-for-13 night (23 points). He also had eight rebounds and two blocked shots. NOT: Jason Maxiell , the first man off the bench for the Pistons, went one for 12 from the field Monday. He tied  Tayshaun Price  for the team lead in shots taken but Prince managed to make five of his attempts. ROOKIE WATCH:  In his third game as a temporary starter in place of injured Rodney Stuckey, Detroit rookie guard  Brandon Knight  was six for 10 from the field for 13 points. He did have four turnovers to go with just one assist. INSIDE THE ARENA: Luc Longley , the starting center for the three-time champion Bulls from 1996-98, was in the stands visiting with his wife and two daughters from his native Australia. GOOD MOVE:  With the Bulls playing the first of three games in three nights, coach  Tom Thibodeau  played Derrick Rose just 33 minutes and  Luol Deng  just 34. NOTABLE:  Although the Bulls are playing their only back-to-back-to-back this week, they are doing so against three of the worst teams in the league, starting with the win over Detroit followed by a game Tuesday at Minnesota and a home game Wednesday against Washington. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Tuesday at Timberwolves, Wednesday vs. Wizards, Friday at Celtics. For the Pistons, Tuesday vs. Mavericks, Thursday at Bucks, Friday at Bobcats.  