Notebook: Nets 107, Magic 68 
 
 
 Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Nov 09, 2012 11:25 PM - Updated Fri Nov 09, 2012 11:25 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:  Centers  Brook Lopez  and  Andray Blatche  combined for 29 points and 19 rebounds to lead the Brooklyn Nets to a 107-68 rout of the Orlando Magic. 
 
 E'Twaun Moore  scored a game-high 18 points for the Magic, who lost their third straight. 
 All 12 players scored for the Nets, who broke open a close game with 13 straight points early in the second half and handed the Magic their second-worst homecourt loss ever. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I love it when you can really sit down and let the guys play that don't really play as much. That is exciting for me." --  Joe Johnson , who scored 13 points for the Nets in a team-high 29 minutes. 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Magic did not make a free throw until 5:41 remained in the game. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We had zero (free throw attempts) at halftime and they were the aggressors. Brooklyn showed a desire to fight and try to get a win." --  Magic coach  Jacque Vaughn . 
 
 
 TURNING POINT:  After the Magic scored the first seven points of the second half, Brooklyn led by only 50-43. Joe Johnson hit a 3-pointer to ignite a 20-2 Nets run over the next six minutes. 
 
 HOT:  Jerry Stackhouse  came off the Nets bench and nailed three 3-pointers in the second quarter. The 38-year-old swingman finished with 11 points to help Brooklyn break a two-game losing streak. 
 
 QUOTABLE : Winning in the cure-all. It's not as cold . . . we will even find some gas when we get home. If we lost tonight, we wouldn't be able to find some gas. That is just how it goes."--  Stackhouse. 
 
 
 NOT:  No Magic starter got to the free throw line all night. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  The Nets exploited their inside advantage early, getting four of their first five baskets from center Lopez. Backup center Blatche scored four more baskets early in the second quarter. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "The good thing is we play that team Sunday, so I think it will be a great chance to see if we can truly learn from tonight. The opportunity to play that exact same team on their floor Sunday will be a great thing for us." --  Magic guard  Arron Afflalo . 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Orlando's first timeout of the second half came after the Nets scored 11 straight point in just over two minutes. By then the Nets had an 18-point lead and it never got any smaller. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH: Andrew Nicholson , the Magic's first-round draft choice, had 10 points and three rebounds.  Mo Harkless , playing in only his second game for Orlando, played 21 scoreless minutes. 
 
 NOTABLE:  The only home defeat in Magic history to be decided by a bigger margin was a 121-81 loss to the Detroit Pistons on Jan. 26, 1991, Orlando's second season in the NBA . . . The Nets broke their 10-game losing streak against the Magic and their 15-game losing streak in the state of Florida . . . The Nets were coming off a 30-point loss at Miami . . . The Nets played without  MarShon Brooks , who turned his ankle in the morning shootaround. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Nets: Sunday vs. Orlando, Tuesday vs. Cleveland, Thursday vs. Boston. For the Magic: Sunday @ New Jersey, Tuesday vs. New York, Friday @ Detroit. 
