Notebook: Knicks 106, Hawks 104 
 
 
 Adam Zagoria, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Jan 27, 2013 10:01 PM - Updated Mon Jan 28, 2013 3:14 AM 
 
 THE FACTS : With 12.5 seconds remaining and his team down by one,  Carmelo Anthony  drove to the left past  Josh Smith  for a go-ahead layup and an ensuing free throw that helped the Knicks beat the Atlanta Hawks, 106-104, at Madison Square Garden. 
 After  Jeff Teague  drove to the basket and kicked the ball out to the perimeter, Smith then missed a potential game-winning 3-pointer as time expired. 
 Anthony poured in a game-best 42 points, tying a franchise record by going 9-of-12 from deep. The NBA record for 3-pointers in a game is 12 ( Kobe Bryant  and  Donyell Marshal l ). 
 Prior to the layup, Anthony had missed his previous two shots after getting poked in the eye by  DeShawn Stevenson  with 1:51 remaining. Anthony was then whistled for a technical foul when he slammed the ball down.  Kyle Korver's  free throw on the technical foul put the Hawks up 102-101. 
 
 J.R. Smith  and  Amar'e Stoudemire  both scored 18 points off the bench and  Raymond Felton  tallied 12 points and 10 assists in just his second game back from a fractured pinkie. 
 Teague paced Atlanta with 27 points and six assists and five rebounds. Smith added 20 points,  Al Horford  had 16 and Stevenson 15. 
 
 QUOTABLE : "It was just a matter of not letting Josh Smith set his feet, not letting the Hawks set their feet. Just catching it and going. I knew if I can just get one step in front of them by catching them off guard, I had a chance of getting the ball up, getting the shot that I wanted. He probably was banking on me holding the ball out for the last shot and something like that, so it was just a matter of me catching and going at that point."  
 
 -- Anthony on the game-winner 
 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "That's the longest shot that I ever looked at. I mean, he had a wide-open shot and he almost banked it at that point in time. So that's a shot that you're looking at the whole time and it's taking forever to just make or miss."  
 
 - - Anthony on Josh Smith's potential game winner 
 
 
 QUOTABLE II I :  "He saw something he liked and he went for it...He's playing unbelievably high right now. It seemed every time he put it up it was going in. He kind of put the team on his back."  
 --  Tyson Chandler  on Anthony. 
 
 
 THE STAT:  One day after going 4-of-27 from beyond the arc, the Knicks went 16-of-27. Their season-high is 19. 
 
 THE STAT II:  The Hawks dominated in the paint, outscoring the Knicks 50-22. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  With Atlanta up 104-103 after an alley-oop dunk by Horford, Smith was called for an offensive foul with 22 seconds left, giving the ball back to the Knicks. Anthony then drove on Smith for what proved to be the game-winner. 
 
 QUOTABLE IV:  "He's good on either elbow, I just decided to run it that way [to the left]. It gave Melo the wide open lane to the bucket. It was nice that he made the free throw and completed the play."  
 --  Knicks coach  Mike Woodson 
 
 
 WHO'S HOT:  After going 2-for-8 in his debut in Saturday's loss at Philadelphia, Felton went 5-of-9 for 12 points, hitting his first three shots. 
 
 WHO'S NOT:  In the final minute of the game, Smith committed a backcourt violation, an offensive foul and then missed the potential game-winner. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Woodson said  Rasheed Wallace  "hopefully" will practice this week. "He's still day-to-day," Woodson said before the Knicks faced the Hawks at MSG. "Hopefully he'll get a chance to practice this week and hopefully we'll get a chance to get him back on the floor, we'll see." The 6-foot-11 Wallace hasn't played since Dec. 13 and has been listed as "day-to-day" for a month and a half. 
 
 NOTABLE II:  The Knicks reacted to the news of  Rajon Rondo's  torn ACL. "Every team in this league a key guy can go down and it can screw everything up," Woodson said.  Iman Shumpert , who just recently returned from an ACL injury of his own, Tweeted: "Prayers of for Rondo...that AcL injury is the worst." 
 
 NOTABLE III:   Jason Kidd  "rested" in the second half, according to the Knicks, after starting and going scoreless in the first. He has been battling a sore lower back. 
 
 QUOTABLE V:  "I decided to just pretty much rest him. I beat Jason Kidd up...I'm going to need him for the long haul and I think he knows that."  
 --  Woodson on Kidd 
 
 
 QUOTABLE IV:  "He needed a breakout like that. He's been scoring, he just hasn't been shooting at a high rate. Tonight I couldn't rest him. I've been riding him third and fourth quarter and he came up big with with big shot after big shot. It was kind of nice to see."  
 --  Woodson 
 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA: Jesse Jackson, Chris Tucker  and  Michael Strahan  sat courtside. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Wednesday vs. Orlando, Friday vs. Milwaukee, Saturday vs. Sacramento. For the Hawks, Wednesday vs. Toronto, Saturday vs. Chicago, Feb. 2 @ Indiana. 
