  Notebook: Bulls 76, Hawks 74   By Kent McDill, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday January 3, 2012 11:32PM THE FACTS:  The Chicago Bulls recorded a most improbable victory Tuesday, beating the Atlanta Hawks 76-74 at the United Center. The Bulls scored just 42 points in the first three quarters, and trailed by 14 going into the fourth quarter. But  Derrick Rose  scored 17 of his game-high 30 points in the fourth quarter and the Hawks missed six free throws in the final period to give the game away.  Al Horford  led the Hawks with 16 points, and  Josh Smith  had a double-double with 15 points and 14 rebounds. QUOTABLE:  "This tells us something about ourselves."    -- Bulls guard Derrick Rose THE STAT:  The Bulls were 2-for-21 (9.5 percent) from the field in the second quarter. The saving grace of it for Chicago was that the Hawks were only 6-for-23 (26.1 percent) in the same period and had only a 12-point lead at half. TURNING POINT:  The Bulls trailed by 19 points late in the third quarter, 56-37, but scored the last five points of the third quarter and the first five points of the fourth quarter to cut the deficit to single digits. INJURY UPDATE:  Bulls guard  Richard "Rip'' Hamilton  dressed but did not play Tuesday to again rest his sore groin that kept him out of Sunday's game against Memphis. Bulls guard  C.J. Watson  did not play because of a sprained elbow suffered Sunday. HOT:  In a game in which neither team shot better than 35 percent,  Marvin Williams  (5-for-10) and  Al Horford  (7-for-14) were the only two starters able to shoot 50 percent from the field. NOT:  Rose was 8-for-22 for the game, and he was 5-for-11 in the fourth quarter when he led the Bulls' comeback. QUOTABLE II:  "We gave them hope and you can't do that in this league."   -- Atlanta coach  Larry Drew GOOD MOVE:  With the score tied 74-74 with 7.7 seconds left, Bulls coach  Tom Thibodeau  brought center  Joakim Noah  back into the game for a set inbounds play although Noah had not played since the 10:04 mark of the third quarter. Noah took the inbounds pass from  Luol Deng  and then fed Deng with a sharp pass for the game-winning layup. BAD MOVE:  Thibodeau played Deng and Rose almost 44 minutes apiece. He was hampered by the loss of two players to injury, Hamilton and Watson. The Bulls also carry only 13 players on their roster. NOTABLE:  After a day's rest, the Hawks will embark on one of their two "three games in three days'' schedules. When they host the Bulls on Saturday they will have played five games in six days, twice against the Bulls and twice against the Miami Heat. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Wednesday @ Pistons, Friday @ Orlando, Saturday @ Hawks. For the Hawks, Thursday vs. Heat, Friday @ Bobcats, Saturday vs. Bulls.  