  Notebook: Warriors 105, Cavaliers 95   By Brian Dulik, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday January 18, 2012 12:01AM THE FACTS:  Power forward  David Lee  scored 13 of his game-high 29 points in the fourth quarter, leading the Golden State Warriors to a 105-95 victory over the Cleveland Cavaliers. Point guard  Nate Robinson  added 17 points and 10 assists off the bench for Golden State, which won its second straight road contest. Cleveland was paced by power forward  Antawn Jamison , who scored 19 points, and center  Anderson Varejao , who had 10 points and a game-high 13 rebounds. QUOTABLE:  "It came down to which team would blink first. Coach kept calling my number and I just tried to play aggressive. Right now, I feel like I can play 48 (minutes) every night if I need to."    -- Lee THE STAT:  The Cavaliers committed a season-high 25 turnovers, many of which were careless and unforced. Rookie point guard  Kyrie Irving  was the biggest violator with six, while Varejao made four. Golden State turned those miscues into 23 points. "In this league, you have to value every possession, and each one has to count and matter," Cleveland shooting guard  Daniel Gibson  said. "Being a young team, this is one of the things that we have to learn." TURNING POINT:  With the Cavaliers leading 87-85 three minutes into the fourth, Lee ran off seven consecutive points on two jump shots, one layup, and one free throw. The Warriors went up 92-87 with 5:54 left -- and Cleveland never got closer than three points the rest of the way. "We felt like we had an advantage with David on the block, so we tried to utilize it down the stretch," Golden State coach  Mark Jackson  said. "I thought he did a very nice job tonight." QUOTABLE II:  "You turn the ball over 20-something times, you don't give yourself much of a chance to win. We lost the game because we were terrible on the offensive end, as far as turning the ball over. Period."    -- Cavaliers coach  Byron Scott HOT:  Warriors rookie swingman  Klay Thompson  made all four of his 3-pointers and scored 14 points in 17 minutes off the bench. The performance came in front of his brother,  Mychel Thompson , a first-year guard with the Cavaliers. ... Lee's 29 points were a season best and came on 13-for-20 shooting. ... Golden State's reserves outscored Cleveland 50-31, and had 17 assists to four by the Cavaliers' subs. "We know our job is to bring energy to the court," Robinson said. ... Cleveland center  Semih Erden  tied his career high with 14 points in 16 minutes. NOT:  Golden State shooting guard  Monta Ellis  missed 10 of his 12 field goal attempts and left Quicken Loans Arena with a bloody nose, courtesy of an inadvertent elbow by Varejao with 36 seconds left. "It was just a bad shooting night for me," he said. "I was able to get what I wanted, but the shots weren't falling." Ellis' nose was still bleeding a half-hour after the game, but he said it was not broken. ... Gibson -- making his first start of the season for the Cavaliers -- was limited to six points with three turnovers in 36 minutes. QUOTABLE III:  "Our reserves came in and did an unbelievable job keeping us in the game. Nate (Robinson) was the catalyst of that group."    -- Lee GOOD MOVE:  When rookie point guard  Charles Jenkins  struggled early, Jackson didn't hesitate to replace him with Robinson. The three-time NBA Slam Dunk champion posted a double-double and gave the Cavaliers fits with his aggressive defense. "I was trying to give guys wide-open shots, and it just happened," said Robinson, who made two steals and buried three 3-pointers in 35 minutes. BAD MOVE:  Scott opted to have  Ramon Sessions  run the offense for the final six minutes of the third period and the first six minutes of the fourth. The veteran treated the basketball like a hand grenade as Cleveland was outscored 27-17 and squandered a seven-point lead. Sessions had three points, one assist, and three turnovers before leaving the court to light boos from the home crowd. NOTABLE:  Top overall draft pick Irving finished with 18 points, a career-high eight rebounds, and a team-best five assists. ... Varejao became the first Cavaliers player to have eight straight double-digit rebounding games since  Tyrone Hill  in 1996-1997. ... Warriors center  Andris Biedrins  grabbed 11 boards and Lee had nine, but Cleveland won the glass battle 54-43. ... A visibly pleased Lee broke into song in the locker room while icing his feet, crooning  Alexandra Stan 's pop hit "Mr. Saxobeat." ... The Cavaliers fell to 0-3 in the second half of back-to-back game sets. ... Golden State took a 50-49 lead in the all-time series, improving to 19-32 at Cleveland. UP NEXT:  For the Warriors, Wednesday @ New Jersey, Friday vs. Indiana, Tuesday vs. Memphis. For the Cavaliers, Friday vs. Chicago, Saturday @ Atlanta, Tuesday @ Miami.  