  Notebook: Heat 101, Nets 90   By Adam Figman, for NBA.com Posted Saturday January 7, 2012 11:29PM THE FACTS : Led by a strong performance from  LeBron James , who finished with 32 points after putting in 22 during a fiery first quarter, the Miami Heat downed the New Jersey Nets 101-90 at the Prudential Center in Newark, N.J. Saturday night. James (sprained ankle) had been a game-time decision, though it was impossible to tell from his play, as he also accumulated 9 rebounds and 7 assists in the victory. Kris Humphries scored a team-high 25 for the Nets. QUOTABLE:  "[James] is a combination of a tight end, wide receiver [and] running back once he gets two or three steps on you. That is why we've got to take care of the ball. ... We got some continuity stuff and some shots, but we can't live on shooting 33 percent from the field."   -Nets Head Coach  Avery Johnson THE STAT:  The Nets shot 10-33 from behind the 3-point line. Before the game, Johnson noted that while  Brook Lopez  (right foot) is sidelined and the team is without a true post presence, New Jersey will need to convert effectively from downtown. They'll have to do better than 30.3 percent to compete with the likes of the Miami Heat. TURNING POINT:  Down by as many as 22 points during the tilt's first two and a half quarters, New Jersey pulled within 10 with four minutes remaining in the third, only for a pair of 3-pointers -- one from  Shane Battier  and one from  Norris Cole  -- to permanently curb any legitimate Nets momentum. QUOTABLE II:  "If I feel like I'm good to go, then I'm going to go out and play my game. I'm not going to give no restriction, just trying to do the things I do on the court: get a couple breakaways, get some easy points, get to the free throw line."  --  James HOT:  After falling to the Hawks on Jan. 2, the Heat are on a three-game winning streak and have two off nights before they're back on the court this Tuesday in Golden State. NOT:  The Nets' health. Lopez,  Damion James  (sore left foot) and  Mehmet Okur  (back spasms) all sat out, while rookie  MarShon Brooks  played but didn't start due to a sprained left ankle. INSIDE THE ARENA:  The sellout crowd of 18,711 was largely pulling for the Heat, though cheers could be heard when either squad made a run or dazzled in any sort of way. Arizona Cardinals wide receiver  Larry Fitzgerald  and San Francisco Giants outfielder  Melky Cabrera  were in attendance. NOTABLE:  Heat guard  Dwyane Wade  (bruised foot) did not play, though Miami Head Coach  Erick Spoelstra  said after the game that he's close to returning. ... The Heat picked up their eighth consecutive win against the Nets. UP NEXT:  For the Nets, Monday vs. Atlanta, Wednesday @ Denver, Friday @ Phoenix. For the Heat, Tuesday @ Golden State, Wednesday @ Clippers, Friday @ Denver.  