  Notebook: Knicks 92, Lakers 85 Posted Friday February 10, 2012 11:55PM By Adam Zagoria, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Linsanity was in full bloom at Madison Square Garden. Jeremy Lin  went for a career-high 38 points with seven assists as the Knicks won their fourth straight game by dumping  Kobe Bryant  and the Lakers, 92-85, at Madison Square Garden. The Knicks are now 4-0 since Linsanity began in Saturday night's win over the Nets and 3-0 since he entered the starting lineup during the absences of  Amar'e Stoudemire  and  Carmelo Anthony . Bryant scored 34 points on 11-for-29 shooting for the Lakers, who were playing the second night of a back-to-back, having won Thursday in Boston. The Knicks beat the Lakers with Bryant at the Garden for the first time since 2005. QUOTABLE:  "The only thing we established tonight was getting four in a row and we're going for five tomorrow."   --  Lin. THE STAT:  Lin's scoring output was the most by a Knick this season, surpassing Anthony's 37 in the season-opener against Boston. Lin has now upped his career-high for the third time in a week, going from 25 points against the Nets to 28 against Utah to 38 here. TURNING POINT:  The Knicks raced out to a 16-6 first-quarter lead behind 12 points and two assists from Lin, and never looked back. They led 22-15 after the first period and and 49-41 at the break. WHO'S HOT: Jared Jeffries  has really benefitted from Lin's play. He scored 11 points on 4-for-7 shooting and added nine rebounds. WHO'S NOT:  The Lakers starters. Besides Bryant's 34, the other four Lakers starters combined for 25 points, led by  Pau Gasol's  16.  Derek Fisher  (six points),  Andrew Bynum  (three) and  Metta World Peace  (zero) combined for nine points. QUOTABLE II:  "I have never seen anything like this. It's a once-in-a-lifetime kind of thing. For Lin to go unnoticed this long. Hard to do."   --  Knicks head coach  Mike D'Antoni     QUOTABLE III:  "To be honest with you, 38 points I was shocked. He got 38 points in the context of team basketball. To me, that really says it all."    -- D'Antoni.     NOTABLE:  Stoudemire will return to practice Monday from mourning his brother's death. Anthony (groin) is "getting closer," D'Antoni said. "I don't know if it's a few days [away], but it's good." "I'm excited about getting those two guys back," D'Antoni said. Baron Davis  has "been on the court the last couple days and...it's positive," D'Antoni said. He's still not participating in contact drills. There is no timetable on his return. QUOTABLE IV:  "He played a terrific ball game. He was the difference in the ball game."   --  Lakers coach  Mike Brown  on Lin.  INSIDE THE ARENA: Antrel Rolle, Hakeem Nicks  and  Brandon Jacobs  of the Super Bowl champion New York football Giants sat courtside. UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Saturday @ Minnesota, Tuesday @ Toronto, Wednesday vs. Sacramento. For the Lakers, Sunday @ Toronto, Tuesday vs. Atlanta, Friday vs. Phoenix.  