  Pacers-Bulls notebook   By Kent McDill, for NBA.com Posted Saturday January 29, 2011 11:36PM THE FACTS:  Led by the trio of  Carlos Boozer ,  Derrick Rose  and  Luol Deng , the Bulls defeated the Indiana Pacers 110-89 Saturday to raise their record to 33-14, the second-best record in the Eastern Conference. Boozer had 24 points and 10 rebounds, getting his third double-double in four games since returning from an ankle sprain. The Pacers, who trailed the Bulls by just five points after three quarters, were led by  Josh McRoberts , who had 20 points. THE FACTS II:  The Pacers, who shot 62.5 percent and scored 124 points against New Jersey Friday, shot 40.7 percent against the Bulls Saturday. QUOTABLE:  "I don't even know what our record is. We are just looking at tomorrow off, two good days of practice and getting ready for the Clippers."    -- Bulls coach  Tom Thibodeau THE STAT:  In a battle between two of the top five rebounding teams in the league, the Bulls outboarded the Pacers 46-39. THE STAT II:  The Pacers, who rank 10th in the league in free-throw percentage, missed their first four free throw attempts Saturday and finished 15-for-24 from the line. The Bulls, one of the worst free throw shooting teams, made 22 of 25 attempts from the line. TURNING POINT:  Rose made a -pointer to close out the third quarter 77-72 in favor of the Bulls, then the first two baskets of the fourth quarter as the Bulls opened a double-digit lead to run away with the game. INJURY UPDATE:   Taj Gibson  stepped on teammate  Ronnie Brewer 's foot in the fourth quarter and severely twisted his ankle. He had to be supported to the locker room by two assistants. HOT:  Pacers coach  Jim O'Brien  was hot enough late in the fourth quarter to get ejected from the game for arguing a foul call against  Josh McRoberts . QUOTABLE II:  "We got these wins out of the way. Now I can rest up and try to get better."    -- Bulls guard Derrick Rose, who played both Friday and Saturday despite suffering from severe stomach pain because of ulcers. GOOD MOVE:  Thibodeau rested Rose for most of the second quarter Saturday, allowing him to rest his sore stomach and have energy for the second half. NOTABLE:  The Bulls had a 12-4 record in January, when they played 10 of 16 games at home. They play 11 of their next 14 games on the road, twice playing five road games in a row. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, Wednesday @ Los Angeles Clippers, Saturday @ Golden State, Monday @ Portland. For the Pacers, Monday vs. Toronto, Wednesday at Cleveland, Friday vs. Portland.  