Notebook: Heat 103, Timberwolves 82 
 
 
 Peter Kapsner, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Dec 07, 2013 11:43 PM - Updated Sat Dec 07, 2013 11:43 PM 
 
 THE FACT : The ( Kevin )  Love -less Timberwolves were no match for a focused and full-strength Miami Heat team.  
 
 THE LEAD:  The Miami Heat, playing with playoff intensity, destroyed the short-handed Minnesota Timberwolves 103-82 at Target Center Saturday night.  LeBron James  led the way for Miami (15-5), nearly triple-doubling in just 30 minutes of action and finishing with 21 points, 14 rebounds and eight assists. The Timberwolves (9-11), playing without Love (death in the family), were led by  Kevin Martin  with 19 points. 
 Stinging from two lackluster losses earlier this week in which they got outrebounded by 34 boards, the Heat ratcheted up the intensity with James flying around on both ends of the court. After leaving in the first quarter with two early fouls, James returned in the second and attacked both the basket and the boards in a second quarter dominated by the Heat.  Dwayne Wade  put in an equally energetic effort and finished with 19 points. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "They are missing a big component. Love absolutely changes the dynamic of that team. When he's not here, their game changes a little bit and we were able to take advantage of that. But ... it was good for our guys to bounce back from the last two games. LJ set the tone for that."  
 
 --Heat coach  Eri k  Spoelstra 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Minnesota came into the game with the third-highest scoring team in the NBA at 105.9 points per game. The Heat held the Wolves to just 82 points on an abysmal 29.6-percent shooting. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  With the Timberwolves up 27-26 early in the second quarter, James suddenly became a one-man wrecking crew. He led Miami on a 23-7 run that included a punch tip-in, a no-look bounce pass for a fast break assist and a steal/dunk combination on  Ricky Rubio  -- after which the pair exchanged a brief stare down. James finished with seven points, three assists and six rebounds in the quarter.   
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "[James] came out with force. It was on both ends. He was active. He's over-the-top with his athleticism. Some of his rebounds were up over the crowd. ...in transition playing with a different motor."  
 
 --Erik Spoelstra 
 
 
 HOT:  James continued his season-long shooting efficiency, going 9-for-12 and improving upon his already-sizzling 58.4 percent for the year. One of his baskets came on an acrobatic dunk from an off-the-glass alley-oop from Wade in the third quarter. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "I was expecting a lob. We definitely got a great chemistry in that. I didn't know where he was going to go with it, but I can go get it wherever he throws."  
 
 --LeBron James commenting on the spectacular alley-oop pass from Wade 
 
 
 NOT:  Rubio committed six turnovers in just 27 minutes. James and the rest of the Heat defense seemed to know where his pass was going before the ball ever left his hand. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Wolves coach  Rick Adleman  gave  Luc Mbah a Moute  the start tonight in place of Love. Mbah a Moute responded with five points, an assist and rebound in an active first quarter that included him finishing a fast-break dunk while avoiding one of James' patented blocks from behind. 
 
 NOTABLE :  Michael Beasley  sat out tonight's game with a strained hamstring. ...This was the first loss in five games for the Timberwolves against an Eastern Conference team at Target Center. ... Chris Bosh  missed most of the first quarter after suffering a head injury on a hard fall. He returned in the second quarter. 
 
 UP NEXT : For the Wolves, Tuesday @ Detroit, Wednesday vs. Philadelphia, Friday @ San Antonio.  For the Heat, Sunday @ Detroit, Tuesday @ Indiana, Thursday vs. Sacramento. 
