  Bobcats-Spurs notebook   By Tim Price, for NBA.com Posted Sunday March 20, 2011 12:29AM THE FACTS:  Five Spurs scored in double figures on Saturday night, but  Manu Ginobili  (11 points) was the only starter to do it. With  Tim Duncan  getting a rest, the Spurs counted on four bench players to hit double-figure scoring and San Antonio posted a 109-98 victory over the skidding Charlotte Bobcats at AT&T Center. Deep-bench reserve  Steve Novak  led the Spurs (56-13) with 19 points off five 3-pointers. The Bobcats (28-41) counted on  Gerald Henderson's  19 points after  Stephen Jackson  did not play because of a hamstring injury. QUOTABLE:  "I think I know my role on this team is to spread the floor for guys like Timmy (Duncan) and let  Tony (Parker)  get in the middle, break guys down, and kick it out. I think that's what the Spurs have done long before I was here."   -- Novak THE STAT:  The Spurs, tops in the league in 3-point shooting, were 17-for-34 from beyond the arc, compared to 2-for-6 for Charlotte. TURNING POINT:  It could have been when Bobcats coach  Paul Silas  announced Jackson was not playing because of a bothersome hamstring, opting to rest Jackson for a crucial game against Indiana on Wednesday (the Bobcats remain 1.5 games behind the East's eighth-seed after the Pacers lost tonight at Memphis). Certainly when the Spurs jumped out to a 24-13 lead after the first quarter, the Bobcats were working uphill all night without their best scorer. QUOTABLE II:   "It all comes with how they share the ball. No one really holds it. They all seem like they make the right pass every time. They're just so unselfish."   -- Gerald Henderson on the Spurs' 31 assists HOT:  Novak missed his career high (23 points while playing for the Clippers in 2009). But he went 5-for-8 from 3-point range, and his 19 points (he played almost 18 minutes) beat his season high by 10 points. The Spurs signed him to a pair of 10-day contracts in February before committing to him for the rest of the season earlier this month. NOT:  As well as the Spurs shot from the 3-point line, it's surprising that little of it came from their best shooter.  Matt Bonner  had been shooting better than 50 percent almost all season, but his 2-for-7 performance tonight dropped him to .497 on the season (89-of-179). FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  On a night where there were no real standouts, there is at least a warning from here to the end of the regular-season: Be careful with having Duncan in any games involved in back-to-back scheduling. Duncan did not play tonight, the night after he played in a road win against Dallas. There are four more back-to-backs left on the Spurs schedule: March 27-28, March 31-April 1, April 5-6 and April 12-13. INSIDE THE ARENA:  It was "military appreciation night" in San Antonio, and a general sang the national anthem. GOOD MOVE:  Giving Duncan a rest. The Spurs joked on the sheet listing their inactives for the night that the reason on Duncan was  trop vieux  (French for "too old"). Never hurts to give the 13-year veteran, nearing his 35th birthday, a rest against a team with a losing record on the second night of a back-to-back. BAD MOVE:  Not getting more rest to Parker. He played 39 minutes last night at Dallas and nearly played his usual 32 minutes tonight. ROOKIE WATCH:   Tiago Splitter , who played the past two season in Europe after the Spurs drafted him in the first round in 2007, got his first NBA start with Duncan on the bench. He played almost 24 minutes and hit 4-for-6 shots (0-for-3 free throws) with six rebounds, four fouls and eight points.  Gary Neal , an undrafted rookie who also spent the past two seasons in Europe, kept a hot hand off the San Antonio bench with 5-for-7 shooting and 15 points in 24 minutes. NOTABLE:  Duncan needs four more rebounds to pass  Dennis Rodman  (a former Spurs player) for 21st place on the career rebounding list with 11,954. ... The 13-point first quarter for Charlotte was the team's lowest-scoring opening quarter of the season. ...  DeJuan Blair  sprained his left (non-shooting) wrist in the first quarter for the Spurs but returned with a bandage wrap around it in the second quarter. He had six rebounds in 19 and 1/2 minutes. ... Charlotte has lost nine of 11, and the Bobcats last four defeats have come in double-digit deficits. UP NEXT:  For the Bobcats, Wednesday vs. Indiana, Friday @ Boston, Saturday vs. New York. For the Spurs, Monday vs. Golden State, Wednesday @ Denver, Friday @ Portland.  