  Cavaliers-Pistons notebook   By Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com Posted Monday April 11, 2011 11:35PM THE FACTS:  Forward  J.J. Hickson  had 20 points and 11 rebounds as the Cleveland Cavaliers ended the Detroit Pistons' three-game winning streak, 110-101, at The Palace Monday night. The Pistons' home finale was marred by a fourth-quarter altercation between Cleveland center  Ryan Hollins  and Detroit forward  Charlie Villanueva  that resulted in the ejection of both players. Villanueva had to be restrained from going after Hollins as he was escorted from the court and was also blocked by security officials from entering the visitors' locker room to confront Hollins. Villanueva claimed that Hollins riled him by throwing an elbow. Hollins grabbed Villanueava at the other end when Villanueva tried to set a pick and Villanueva responded by pushing him in the face. QUOTABLE:  "You've got to be careful of the quiet ones, right? At the end of the day, it's something that happened on the court and it should have stayed on the court. I overreacted. He said some things that got me upset."   --  Villanueva on his scuffle with Hollins. THE STAT:  61-27. The Pistons bench poured in 68 points in a victory over Charlotte Sunday night, its fourth-highest total in 25 seasons. They found themselves at the other end of the spectrum 24 hours later, as the Cavs' bench outscored them by 34 points. Guards  Daniel Gibson  and  Ramon Sessions  led Cleveland's reserve corps explosion of 61 points with 17 apiece. TURNING POINT:  Gibson scored seven points in a 12-1 Cavs run late in the third quarter, allowed his club to stretch a two-point advantage to 86-73. The Pistons never got closer than six the remainder of the game. QUOTABLE II:  "I don't think I can repeat what was said anywhere. Let's just say there was a lot of expletives -- a lot of expletives -- and bad mouthing each other."   --  Gibson on the Hollins-Villanueva altercation. HOT:  The Cavs overcame another big night from Pistons guard  Rodney Stuckey , who had a game-high 29 points and 14 assists. Stuckey is averaging 24.3 points and 9.8 assists in the last four games. NOT:  Pistons forward  Tayshaun Prince , who may have played his last home game here, had just six points, four assists and one rebound. Prince, who was drafted by Detroit in 2002, becomes an unrestricted free agent after the season. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Hickson continues to be a double-double machine. He collected his 10th in the last 12 games and 27th this season. INSIDE THE ARENA: Tom Gores , the billionaire financier who has a definitive agreement to buy the Pistons, came to The Palace to see his latest acquisition. Gores showed a playful side from a first-level box seat by dancing and signing during a fourth-quarter timeout when  Journey's  'Don't Stop Believin'' was played. Gores said earlier he would keep the team in Auburn Hills. The change of ownership is still subject to approval by the league's Board of Governors. ROOKIE WATCH:  University of Michigan product  Manny Harris  got a chance to start for Cleveland with guard  Anthony Parker  sidelined by back spasms. Harris had an unremarkable night with four points and three assists in 22 minutes. NOTABLE:  The loss locks the Pistons into the No. 7 spot for next month's draft lottery. ... Cleveland has won two straight against the Pistons. ... Detroit center  Jason Maxiell  had a season-high 14 rebounds....Pistons guards  Tracy McGrady  (leg soreness) and  Will Bynum  (knee strain) did not play. UP NEXT:  For the Cavaliers, Wednesday vs. Washington. For the Pistons, Wednesday @ Philadelphia.  