Notebook: Pacers 103, Nets 86 
 
 
 Jake Appleman, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Mon Dec 23, 2013 11:41 PM - Updated Mon Dec 23, 2013 11:41 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Indiana Pacers won their third in a row and second in two nights, moving back into a tie with the Portland Trail Blazers for the best record in the NBA at 23-5. 
 
 THE LEAD:  Highlighted by a dominant second half, the Pacers continued to set the standard for stingy defense in walloping a rudderless rendition of the Brooklyn Nets 103-86. Without center Brook Lopez, the Nets (9-18) struggled to find continuity on offense, looked weak inside, and were hammered on the boards. Even in the rare instances when the Nets were putting the ball in the basket, they seemed overmatched. Getting shots off proved tough at times; passing lanes closed with the speed of slammed doors.   
 
 Lance Stephenson  and  Paul George  (26 points and 5 assists each) dazzled Stephenson's home borough fans with jagged dribbling maneuvers and aerial excellence. The Pacers' dynamic wings also managed to outgun the entire Nets roster from 3-point range. 
 Making matters worse for the Nets,  Paul Pierce  was ejected for a flagrant foul on  George Hill  in the third quarter. 
 
 THE STAT:  Exacerbating their poor shooting (23 percent from long range, 38 percent overall), the Nets had only two second-chance points.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Pacers took a six-point lead into intermission and opened the second half with a 26-8 run.  
 
 INJURY UPDATE:   Jason Terry  (11 points) returned from a 15-game absence late in the third quarter and provided a minor spark even though the Pacers already had the game in hand.   
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We're kind of getting comfortable with losing." 
 -- Nets coach  Jason Kidd   
 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "Have all my family come out and watch me and I was just very motivated and very hyped for this game. I couldn't sleep at night. I'm just happy we got the 'W'." 
 -- Lance Stephenson  
 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "It starts with me. I have to play better." 
 -- Nets guard  Deron Williams  
 
 
 NOTABLE:  The Nets scored only one point against the Pacers' vaunted defense in the final 5:38 of the first quarter. .... In addition to getting ejected, Pierce shot 0-for-7 from the field. ....  Ian Mahinmi  and  C.J. Watson  combined for seven steals off the Indiana bench.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Pacers, Saturday vs. Brooklyn, next Tuesday vs. Cleveland, next Wednesday @ Toronto. For the Nets, Wednesday vs. Chicago, Friday vs. Milwaukee, Saturday @ Indiana.  
