  Notebook: Trail Blazers 103, Thunder 93   By Randy Renner, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday January 3, 2012 11:52PM THE FACTS:  With everything that had been said and written about the Oklahoma City Thunder, the popular pick to win the Western Conference, the Portland Trail Blazers came into OKC Tuesday night saying, "hey what about us?" They left with a 103-93 win over the Thunder and first place in the Northwest Division. Power forward  LaMarcus Aldridge  led all scorers with 30 points also pulling down eight rebounds.  Wesley Matthews  added 16 and  Gerald Wallace  had 13 on just 4-for-14 shooting. Thunder forward  Kevin Durant  struggled through a tough night shooting the ball (8-for-26 overall and 1-for-7 on 3-pointers) but still finished with 19. Durant didn't get to the free throw line much either (2-for-4).  James Harden , starting in place of an ill  Thabo Sefolosha , led Oklahoma City with 23 points while handing out six assists. Point guard  Russell Westbrook  had one of his best games so far this season with 22 points, eight assists and six rebounds. The Trail Blazers took much better care of the basketball, turning it over just nine times. They came in having given it away 46 times over their previous two games. QUOTABLE:  "We played with an attitude tonight and did a good job on (Durant). We made it tough on him and we wanted to make him work on defense."   --Blazers coach  Nate McMillan THE STAT:  The Trail Blazers were aggressive on both ends of the floor but especially on offense. OKC was whistled for 22 fouls send Portland to the line 36 times (29 makes). Oklahoma City got to the line only 21 times making just 16. TURNING POINT:  Oklahoma City led for much of the first half but things started to turn Portland's way in the third quarter. The Blazers outscored OKC 27-21 to take a 78-74 lead. The Thunder were outscored 16-6 in the paint in the third quarter and shot just 35.3 percent. QUOTABLE II:  "We could have played better in the third quarter, but they're a good team. They're right there with us. LaMarcus (Aldridge) had a good night going and we didn't do a good enough job of stopping him. We'll figure out ways to get better."   --Thunder coach  Scott Brooks HOT:  Thunder point guard    Westbrook hit three of his first four shots...Harden was 5-for-6, including 3-for-4 on 3-pointers, in the first 22 minutes of the game...Oklahoma City scored 13 fast break points in the first half on 6-for-6 shooting...Portland forward Aldridge was 6-for-10 in the first half and guard Matthews was 4-for-4...Westbrook was 3-for-4 in the fourth quarter scoring nine points. NOT:  Durant missed eight of his first ten...Portland shot just 31.3% (5-for-16) in the first quarter...Blazers forward Wallace was 1-for-5 in the first 24 minutes...Durant was 1-for-5 in the fourth quarter...Wallace was 2-for-7 in the final 12 minutes. In the fourth quarter the Thunder shot 33.3% (7-for-21) and the Blazers were worse -- just 30 percent on 6-for-20. GOOD MOVE:  Brooks has been preaching to his team about making the extra pass to let the ball find a good shot. OKC demonstrated that a few times tonight. Midway through the first quarter  Nick Collison  had the ball on the right wing, passed out front to Harden who then passed to a driving Westbrook. Westbrook then passed out to the left corner to Durant, who dribbled to his right and hit an open 15-footer. GOOD MOVE TOO:  Thunder guard Harden picked off a bounce pass from Matthews, then threaded the needle between two defenders with a 40-foot pass to a streaking Durant for a slam. BAD MOVE:  Halfway through the third quarter Thunder forward  Serge Ibaka  lets Portland's Aldridge get behind him as Ibaka came out to help on  Marcus Camby . Camby then hits the wide-open Aldridge for an alley-oop slam. NOTABLE:  Oklahoma City is off the next couple of days before its only back-to-back-to-back set of the season coming up this weekend. The Thunder will host the Rockets on Friday, fly to Houston to play the Rockets again on Saturday then back home to host the Spurs on Sunday. UP NEXT:  For the Trail Blazers, Thursday vs. Lakers, Friday @ Phoenix, Sunday vs. Cavaliers. For the Thunder, Friday vs. Rockets, Saturday @ Houston, Sunday vs. Spurs.  