  Notebook: Kings 100, Hornets 92 Posted Monday February 6, 2012 11:52PM Larry Holder, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Center  DeMarcus Cousins  dominated for the second consecutive game as he scored 28 points and grabbed 19 rebounds as the Sacramento Kings defeated the New Orleans Hornets 100-92 on Monday night in the New Orleans Arena. The Kings have won three consecutive games, while the Hornets have lost 21 of their last 23 games. QUOTABLE:  "This was a worry game for me. I'm from Baton Rouge and I didn't even go home. I really worried. I didn't go home to see my parents. I was really worried and I was focused on what lineup I needed to have on the floor and what group of players I had working together. But I knew DeMarcus would do an incredible job of going to the glass and not really pushing or shoving people. He's using his lower body to weave in between areas."   --Kings coach  Keith Smart THE STAT:  18. That's how many points the Hornets led by at one point in this game. The Kings turned it on in the second half outscoring the Hornets 61-40 in the second half and 31-14 in the fourth quarter. TURNING POINT:  Sacramento began its momentum swing when it opened the fourth quarter on a 12-2 run to turn a 78-69 deficit to start the quarter into an 81-80 lead with 6:24 remaining in the game. The Hornets briefly re-took the lead, but Sacramento was already in takeover mode. QUOTABLE II:  "There's nowhere to run. I told the players that. You can't get out of this. We'll find out who's committed and who's not because this is a tough time we're going through."   --Hornets coach  Monty Williams  on the losing ways continuing. HOT:  Cousins has been a monster the last two games as the Kings have the longest winning streak of the season. Cousins went 11 of 20 from the floor on Monday. He came in the Hornets game off Saturday night's win against the Warriors where he scored 21 points and pulled down 20 rebounds. NOT:  Kings guard  Marcus Thornton  probably wanted a big game against his former team. It didn't happen as the Kings leading scorer went 3 of 12 from the floor with 12 points. He did hit a 3-pointer late in the fourth quarter to seal the win for Sacramento, though. ROOKIE WATCH:  Kings guard Isaiah Thomas was the spark plug Sacramento needed in the backcourt with  Tyreke Evans , who ended up with 20 points, and Thonrton starting off the game very cold. The rookie out of Washington went 6 of 11 shooting for 17 points in nearly 27 minutes. Thomas' most clutch basket happened with the shot clock expiring with 2:15 left in the game as Thomas hit a 31-footer to push the Kings up 94-88. NOTABLE:  The Hornets went into Monday's game very banged up. Point guard  Jarrett Jack  (left knee), forward  Jason Smith  (concussion) and forward  Carl Landry  (knee) missed the Sacramento game. Jack has missed the last three games and Williams said he wasn't sure when Jack would be ready to return. Smith will be monitored and miss at least one week. Landry will miss 3-4 weeks with a sprained MCL. Guard  Eric Gordon  is also still out with a knee bruise with his return time uncertain. ... Hornets center  Chris Kaman  played for the first tine since Jan. 23 as New Orleans sidelined him in the hopes of trading Kaman. Kaman had 10 points and 12 rebounds off the bench. Williams wouldn't go into details as to why Kaman was brought back. ... New Orleans'  Greivis Vasquez  led the Hornets with 20 points and nine assists. UP NEXT:  For the Kings, Tuesday @ Minnesota, Thursday vs. Oklahoma City, Saturday vs. Phoenix. For the Hornets, Wednesday vs. Chicago, Friday vs. Portland, Monday vs. Utah.  