
 Timberwolves-Pistons notebook   By Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com Posted Thursday March 3, 2011 1:00AM THE FACTS:  All-Star forward  Kevin Love  recorded his 48th consecutive double-double with 20 points and 20 rebounds as the Minnesota Timberwolves defeated the Detroit Pistons 116-105 Wednesday night. Love's ninth 20-20 game this season moved him three shy of  Moses Malone 's record for consecutive double-doubles since the NBA-ABA merger in 1976. Malone had 51 straight during the 1978-79 season. Recently acquired forward  Anthony Randolph  had a season-high 19 points and 10 rebounds in Minnesota's fifth road win this season. QUOTABLE:  "I can't talk about him enough. He'll grab a rebound and wave you off and push the ball. To have a guy 6-11 out there doing that, that's willing to run every single time after a missed shot, you have to run. You can't have a guy 6-11 beat you down the court, so that makes everybody run even more."    -- Timberwolves reserve point guard  Jonny Flynn  on Randolph THE STAT:  61-34. The Pistons' bench, which entered the game No. 3 in the league in scoring, was blitzed by the Wolves' revitalized second unit. Minnesota had a 61-34 advantage in bench points, led by Randolph (19), rookie  Lazar Hayward  (career-high 16) and  Anthony Tolliver  (13). The bench was so effective that head coach  Kurt Rambis  didn't use three of his starters in the fourth quarter. TURNING POINT:  Detroit was held to two points during a 5:55 span during the fourth as the Timberwolves pushed a four-point lead to 107-91. The Pistons became over-reliant on their perimeter game and missed nine shots, including six 3-pointers, while also making two turnovers. Hayward scored seven points during that run. QUOTABLE II:  "When we move the ball, play together and everybody's getting a little piece of chicken, scoring here and there and getting in double figures, we come down and want to play great defense. Everybody played a solid ballgame and that's what we need."    -- Love on having six double-digit scorers HOT:  Flynn, a second-year guard from Syracuse, played the best floor game of his career. He piled up a career-high 14 assists, five more than his previous best, while engineering an unusually potent Minnesota fast break that scored 19 points. NOT:  The Pistons came into the game as the league's worst second-half team with a minus-4.2 differential. That bad habit continued as they were outscored 53-44 and shot 33.3 percent from the field after halftime. Their 3-point shooting was especially poor, as they made just two of 16 attempts. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Randolph played sparingly in New York this season but being part of the  Carmelo Anthony  trade may ignite his career. He played for the fourth consecutive game and scored 11 more points than he had in any previous game this season. Randolph had five double-doubles with Golden State last season. ROOKIE WATCH:  Pistons center  Greg Monroe  remains his team's bright spot this season. He notched his team-best 12th double-double with 18 points and 11 rebounds. He is averaging 16.3 points and 10.2 rebounds in the last six games. NOTABLE:  Pistons guard  Tracy McGrady  recorded his second straight DNP-CD. ... Minnesota center  Darko Milicic  did not make the trip so he could attend to a personal matter. ... Pistons starters  Tayshaun Prince  (back) and  Ben Wallace  (personal) each missed their fourth consecutive game. ... Detroit is assured of its third consecutive non-winning season. The last time it had three consecutive seasons without finishing above .500 was 1992-95. ...  Richard Hamilton  played in his first home game since Jan. 8. He had 11 points and six assists off the bench. UP NEXT:  For the Timberwolves, Friday @ Philadelphia, Saturday @ Washington, Monday vs. Dallas. For the Pistons, Sunday vs. Washington, Wednesday @ San Antonio, Friday @ Oklahoma City. 
