Notebook: Nuggets 115, Trail Blazers 111 
 
 
 Michael Kelly, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Jan 16, 2013 1:45 AM - Updated Wed Jan 16, 2013 1:45 AM 
 
 THE FACTS: Wilson Chandler  hit a 3-pointer with 14.9 seconds left in overtime and the Denver Nuggets recovered from blowing a nine-point fourth quarter lead to beat the Portland Trail Blazers 115-111 on Tuesday night. 
 
 Ty Lawson  had 24 points and 12 assists and  Kenneth Faried  finished with 21 points and 11 rebounds for the Nuggets, who have won six straight. 
 
 LaMarcus Aldridge  scored a game-high 28 points and  J.J. Hickson  had 19 points and 13 rebounds for the Trail Blazers, who have dropped three straight. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We let one get away. We definitely were in position to win the game. We had opportunities. We had some breakdowns out there that we shouldn't have had." 
 
 -- Aldridge 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Nuggets set an NBA record for futility when they missed all 22 of their 3-point attempts in the first meeting with Portland. They missed their first one Tuesday then hit their next two. They finished 9-for-25 from long range. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  After Aldridge hit two free throws to tie the game with 32 seconds left in overtime, the Nuggets called timeout and put Chandler back in the game. Chandler, who was playing just his second game after missing two months, set up on the wing and when  Andre Iguodala  drove to the lane, he was wide open. Iguodala hit him with the pass and Chandler didn't hesitate to launch his game-winning shot.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "Iggy beat his guy off the dribble, so it was a shot I had to take. It felt good. The way the game was going for me I was a little fatigued, I had a little muscle fatigue, so I was kind of struggling throughout the game. So to come in and hit a shot like that is big."  
 
 -- Chandler 
 
 
 HOT:  Portland hit its first five 3-pointers, which helped wipe out an early eight-point deficit. Their biggest 3-pointer was the one by  Wes Matthews  with 32 seconds left in regulation that sent the game to overtime. 
 
 NOT:  In between the first five 3-point attempts and Matthews' game-tying shot the Blazers were 2-for-18 from long range. They finished the game going 1-for-12 from there after halftime. 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Aldridge has had just one stinker of an offensive game in his last six. Against the Nuggets he has been a monster. In his last three games against them before Tuesday he was averaging 20.7 points and 7.7 rebounds and did nothing to hurt those averages in the overtime loss. 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Putting Chandler back in the game with 32 seconds left. With Denver's guards getting to the basket for easy buckets throughout the second half the defense had to respect any drives into the lane, and it opened up the outside shot for Denver. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "Wilson in the corner in our pick-and-roll stuff is tough to cover. We were a little bit lucky but we've been piecing our wins together in a very solid way."  
 
 -- Nuggets coach  George Karl 
 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Nuggets 7-footer  JaVale McGee  went 2-for-7 from the field, including four missed layups. Three times in the first half he tried to go up-and-under for a bucket but missed badly each time. He redeemed himself with an alley-oop dunk with 39 seconds left in overtime that gave Denver a 111-109 lead. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Portland point guard  Damian Lillard  had an average game by his standards, but his 16 points, five assists and eight rebounds were still solid numbers.  
 
 NOTABLE:  Denver improved to 15-2 at home. The Nuggets are now 2-0 in overtime while Portland fell to 5-1 in extra time. ... Faried's double-double was his 18th of the season. ... Portland has lost three straight by a combined 14 points. ... Hickson has eight straight double-doubles. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Blazers, Wednesday vs. Cleveland, Saturday vs. Milwaukee, Monday vs. Washington. For the Nuggets, Wednesday @ Oklahoma City, Friday vs. Washington, Sunday vs. Oklahoma City. 
