  Notebook: Jazz 111, Wolves 105 Posted Friday March 16, 2012 12:39AM By Andrew Aragon, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Utah Jazz forward  Paul Millsap  went from goat to hero in less than an overtime period. Millsap made up for missing what would have been a game-winning layup in regulation by coming up with a key steal, assist and jumper in overtime to help the Utah Jazz to a 111-105 win over the Minnesota Timberwolves on Thursday night. Millsap, who tied a career-high with eight steals, started the game's momentum-changing play with a deflection. Gordon Hayward  led the Jazz with a season-high 26 points, and point guard  Devin Harris  had 18 points and four assists.  Kevin Love  had 25 points and 16 rebounds for Minnesota. QUOTABLE:  "I had to [redeem myself]. Our team fought too hard to lose that game. Our team fought and fought. I just wanted to be aggressive and see what happened after that."   -- Paul Millsap on his play in overtime after his missed layup in regulation. THE STAT:  It isn't easy to beat Minnesota on the boards, but the Jazz did it and it was one of the reasons why they won. Utah held a 55-47 rebounding edge over the Timberwolves, who entered Thursday's game as the league's third-best rebounding team. TURNING POINT:  With the game tied at 105-105, Millsap deflected a pass intended for Love. Harris caught the deflection, and from the ground threw a looping outlet pass to Millsap. Millsap then led a two-on-one fast break and dished to Hayward for a dunk. On Utah's next possession, Millsap hit a jumper to make it 109-105 with 19.2 seconds remaining. Minnesota forced overtime by rallying from a 12-point deficit with 4:50 left in the fourth quarter. On the final play in regulation, Millsap missed a layup after a perfectly thrown in-bounds pass by Harris that led him close to the basket. HOT:   Derrick Favors  was a rebounding machine for the Jazz as he had a career-high 16 boards. He had 12 of his rebounds in the first half with eight of them coming on the offensive end, although five of the offensive boards came off of his own misses. Minnesota's  Nikola Pekovic  had 20 points and nine rebounds and scored on a putback with 0.7 seconds left in regulation to tie the game at 99-99. NOT:  Love is probably glad he doesn't have to shoot inside EnergySolutions Arena any more this season. Although his numbers were more than respectable on Thursday, his shooting percentage was subpar. He shot 2-for-8 from 3-point range and 9-for-23 (39.1 percent) overall, which was actually an improvement from his previous appearance in Utah. In a January loss in Utah, Love shot 5-for-21, including 1-for-7 from 3-point range. Favors was Utah's worst shooter, as he was 2-for-9. QUOTABLE II:  "He showed true professionalism and toughness. It was a tough break in missing the shot (at the end of regulation). It was a point blank shot for him. But the overtime performance, getting his hands on balls, making the big shot right there at the end at the free-throw line ... he just showed who he is. He's a tough competitor."   -- Jazz coach  Tyrone Corbin  on Millsap's night. FANTASY WATCH:  Despite his poor shooting, Love showed why he's one of the league's most valuable fantasy players. He recorded his 36th double-double of the season with 25 points and 16 rebounds. ROOKIE WATCH:  Utah guard  Alec Burks  gave the Jazz a much-needed burst of energy. He played a career high 31 minutes and tied his career-high with 15 points. He shot 6-for-8, and played all of the fourth quarter and overtime. GOOD MOVE:  Playing Burks in crunch time was the right move by Corbin. Jazz fans have been clamoring to see more of the team's youngsters such as Burks, Favors and  Enes Kanter  in the lineup. Burks earned his big opportunity by getting in a rhythm in the final minutes of the third quarter when he scored six points in less than three minutes. QUOTABLE III:  "We just couldn't get a rebound when it mattered. That's really all it was. Played them tough, they played tough and they prevailed in the end. They made the plays."   -- Kevin Love on how his team's rebounding woes contributed to the loss. NOTABLE:   Michael Beasley  did not play for the Timberwolves because of a sprained left big toe. Millsap's eight steals were the most by a starting forward since Jason Richardson had eight in April of 2008. UP NEXT:  For the Timberwolves, Friday @ LA. Lakers, Sunday @ Sacramento, Monday @ Golden State. For the Jazz, Saturday vs. Golden State, Sunday @ L.A. Lakers, Tuesday vs. Oklahoma City.  