  Knicks-Pacers notebook   By Conrad Brunner, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday March 15, 2011 11:22PM THE FACTS: Danny Granger  hit a last-second, step-back jumper over  Shawne Williams  as the Pacers beat the Knicks for the second time in three days, 119-117, Tuesday in Conseco Fieldhouse. Granger missed Indiana's 106-93 victory in New York on Sunday with the flu but returned with 26 points, seven rebounds, three assists and two blocked shots.  Carmelo Anthony , who tied it at 117 with a drive past Granger with 7.8 seconds left, led the Knicks with 29. QUOTABLE:  "My main priority was to get the last shot. Worse thing in those situations is when you don't take a last shot and they have a chance to come back and win the game. I held it as long as I thought I could and I got a good look."    -- Granger THE STAT: Tyler Hansbrough  posted a career-high for the second game in a row against the Knicks. After scoring 29 on 12-for-20 shooting in Sunday's 106-93 victory, he had 30 on 12-for-17 shooting this time. TURNING POINT:  After trailing most of the first half, the Knicks appeared to be turning the momentum in their favor when Williams' rebound bucket gave the visitors a 64-63 lead early in the third quarter. But Hansbrough took over, scoring seven points -- including a hammer dunk -- in a 20-4 run that put the Pacers up 83-68, forcing the Knicks to re-mobilize and battle uphill the rest of the night. QUOTABLE II:  "We feel bad. Everybody has got to get going in some kind of way. We have to take a good look in the mirror and find ourselves and start taking a little bit of pride on defense. They are a tough team to guard but we should guard better than we have and take pride in it."    -- Williams on losing two in a row to the Pacers HOT:  Hansbrough, Granger and  Darren Collison  (24) combined for 80 points on 31-for-50 shooting (62 percent). NOT: Chauncey Billups  has shot 0-for-11 from the 3-point line in two games since returning from a bruised thigh. GOOD MOVE:  Avoiding the tendency of predecessor  Jim O'Brien  to match down to teams with smaller lineups, Vogel stuck with  Roy Hibbert  against the more athletic Knicks and the 7-foot-2 center came up with 27 points, 20 rebounds and eight blocks in the two victories. BAD MOVE:  With the Pacers up 117-115 with 13 seconds left, the Knicks had the chance to play for the last shot to either force overtime or win with a 3-pointer but Anthony instead made a quick baseline drive, beating Granger badly for the layup. But he left nearly eight seconds on the clock, plenty of time for the Pacers to set up the game-winner. NOTABLE:  This was Hansbrough's fifth straight game of at least 20 and his 10th straight in double figures. ... Hibbert has blocked 29 shots in 13 games since the All-Star break. ...  Jeff Foster  picked up a technical foul for a takedown against  Amar'e Stoudemire  in the post early in the fourth quarter, while  A.J. Price  committed a clear path foul in the fourth quarter against  Toney Douglas . ... New York has lost three in a row. ... Indiana had 26 assists, its highest total in 31 games. ... After shooting 1-for-12 Sunday, Douglas bounced back with a bench-high 17 points on 5-for-11 shooting for the Knicks. UP NEXT:  For the Pacers, Wednesday @ Boston, Friday vs. Chicago, Saturday @ Memphis. For the Knicks, Thursday vs. Memphis, Friday @ Detroit, Sunday @ Milwaukee.  