  Cavaliers-Clippers notebook   By Dan Arritt, for NBA.com Posted Saturday March 19, 2011 7:29PM THE FACTS:  After back-to-back so-so performances, Los Angeles Clippers rookie forward  Blake Griffin  had his best game in more than a month Saturday afternoon against the visiting Cleveland Cavaliers, totaling 30 points, eight rebounds and eights assists in a 100-92 victory at Staples Center. QUOTABLE:  "I thought Blake had a solid game, not only scoring but having eight assists.  --  Clippers coach  Vinny Del Negro . THE STAT:  Griffin came in averaging 22.2 points and 12.2 rebounds, putting him on pace to become the first rookie to average at least 20 points and 10 rebounds since  Elton Brand's  first year as a member of the 1999-2000 Chicago Bulls. Only 20 players in NBA history have produced those stats in their rookie season. TURNING POINT:  The Clippers led by two points with 10 1/2 minutes remaining but reserve guard  Eric Bledsoe  scored a lay up and reserve forward  Craig Smith  hit consecutive jump shots sandwiched around a Cleveland timeout to give the Clippers an 88-80 lead. The Cavaliers never got back within one possession. QUOTABLE II:  "I just wish we had that sense of urgency earlier in the game. The last couple of games we've got back on our heels a little bit, and I thought we found more energy at specific times during the game."  --  Clippers coach Vinny Del Negro HOT:  Cleveland center  J.J. Hickson  shot 12-for-18 from the floor and scored a team-high 28 points. Hickson, a third-year player out of North Carolina State, scored 14 points in the third quarter. NOT:   Ryan Gomes  continued his late-season nose dive, solidifying the Clippers' need for a consistent small forward in the offseason. Gomes scored two points in 13 minutes, which is actually two more than he scored in the previous two games. GOOD MOVE:  The Clippers used a three-guard lineup for much of the game and it worked well.  Eric Gordon  (29 points, five assists),  Mo Williams  (11 points, five points), Bledsoe (six points) and  Randy Foye  (four points, six assists) each played at least 24 minutes. BAD MOVE:  With Griffin and the guards dominating play, the centers for the Clippers took the day off.  DeAndre Jordan  and  Chris Kaman  were a combined 2-for-10 from the field with four points and nine rebounds. ROOKIE WATCH:  Cleveland rookie  Samardo Samuels  16 of his 17 points in the first half. Samuels, an undrafted rookie out of Louisville, came in averaging 14 points since moving into a starting role March 2. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Gordon shot 9-for-20 from the floor in his first game back since re-injuring his right wrist March 5 against Denver. He missed a lay up in the final seconds that would have given the Clippers two 30-point scorers for the first time this season. INSIDE THE ARENA:  About 90 minutes before the scheduled tip off, a knife-wielding assailant engaged in a 20-minute standoff with Los Angeles Police near the Cavaliers' bench. At least two Clippers and one player for Cleveland were on the court at the time but were quickly ushered to their respective locker rooms. Police used non-lethal force to take the man into custody and the start of the game was not delayed. NOTABLE:  Cleveland point guard  Baron Davis , who was traded from the Clippers to the Cavaliers last month, did not play due to back spasms. Health issues had been a major concern while Davis was in Los Angeles. . UP NEXT:  For the Clippers, Sunday vs. Phoenix, Wednesday vs. Washington, Friday @ Lakers. For the Cavaliers, Monday vs. Orlando, Wednesday vs. New Jersey, Friday vs. Detroit.  