  Wizards-Warriors notebook   By Eric Gilmore, for NBA.com Posted Monday March 28, 2011 1:02AM THE FACTS:   Monta Ellis  scored 37 points, dished out a career-high tying 13 assists and grabbed seven rebounds, leading the Golden State Warriors to a 114-104 victory Sunday night over the Washington Wizards at Oracle Arena.  David Lee  added 33 points and 12 rebounds for the Warriors, who were officially eliminated from playoff contention before their game tipped off when Memphis beat San Antonio. Center  JaVale McGee  had a career-high 28 points, 18 rebounds, tying his career high, and five blocks for Wizards, whose road record fell to 1-35 this season.  Yi Jianlian  had a double-double with 12 points and 10 rebounds. QUOTABLE:  "I think this young man is committed to turning this franchise around. I really believe that he is doing everything he can to ... move us in the right direction."   -- Warriors coach  Keith Smart  on Ellis. THE STAT:  Both Ellis and Lee had double-doubles and cracked the 30-point mark. The last time a Warriors duo accomplished that feat was Jan. 27, 1997, against the Vancouver Grizzlies when  Joe Smith  had 30 points and 12 rebounds and  Latrell Sprewell  tallied 33 points and 11 assists. TURNING POINT:  Leading just 94-93 with less than eight minutes to play, the Warriors went on a 14-3 run to build a 108-96 lead. Lee and  Dorell Wright  scored six apiece during the surge, with Wright nailing a pair of 3-point shots. QUOTABLE II:  "We ran out of gas.  Nick (Young)  went down, he was hurt. Without  (Trevor) Booker  we were undermanned going in. Especially the pace here. Golden State plays at a fast pace. We can play at that pace, but we just didn't have enough."   -- Wizards coach  Flip Saunders HOT:  Ellis averaged just 12.5 points during the Warriors recent four-game, winless road trip, but he's definitely back on track. He scored 27 and had 10 assists on Friday against Toronto at Oracle Arena and nearly had his first career triple-double against Washington, coming three rebounds short while playing all 48 minutes. Ellis had 25 points, six assists and two rebounds by halftime. Ellis recorded back-to-back double-doubles for the second time in his career. NOT:  The Warriors bench combined for just 11 points and was outscored by 17 points. Reggie Williams scored seven points in 19:43, former Wizard Al Thornton four points in 18:58 and Lou Amundson zero in 9:01. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Wizards center  JaVale McGee  had a double-double by halftime with 22 points and 11 rebounds and finished with 28 and 18 to go with five blocks, taking his recent hot streak up a notch. In his previous five games he had averaged 14.0 points, 10.4 rebounds and 2.2 blocks. GOOD MOVE:  It's not as if Saunders had much of a choice with so many of his players injured, but getting backup small forward  Maurice Evans  on the floor for 36:27 was a decidedly good move. He scored 23 points off the bench, hitting 8 of 15 shots, and grabbed eight rebounds. ROOKIE WATCH:  Warriors power forward  Ekpe Udoh , starting his sixth straight game, had four points, seven rebounds and three blocks. Udoh moved into the starting lineup after center  Andris Biedrins  suffered an ankle injury that has sidelined him the past six games. Udoh entered the game averaging 1.33 blocks per game, tops among rookies. NOTABLE:  Wizards starting small forward  Trevor Booker  missed the game after injuring his right foot Friday against Denver. Nick Young started in his place in a three-guard alignment. Coach Saunders gave no timetable for Booker's return, saying he could be out anywhere from a few days to the rest of the season. Young played the entire first quarter but just 1:10 of the second before leaving the game with a sore left knee. He did not return. Young returned to action Friday against Denver after missing five games with a bruised left knee. ... Wizards small forwards  Andray Blatche  (right shoulder),  Josh Howard  (left knee) and  Rashard Lewis  (right knee) also missed the game. ... The Warriors finished 15-15 overall against the Eastern Conference and 10-5 at home. ... Golden State came back to win after trailing at halftime for the eighth time this season. The Warriors were down 67-64 at the half. ... McGee's previous career-high of 25 points came against the Warriors, on April 6, 2010. ... The Wizards fell to 0-14 on the road against Western Conference teams. Their only road win this year was at Cleveland. ... The Warriors shot 45.8 percent from 3-point range, making 11 of 24. Wright was 5-for-11 from long range, while Ellis was 4-for-6. UP NEXT:  For the Wizards, Monday @ Utah, Wednesday vs. Miami, Friday vs. Cleveland. For the Warriors, Tuesday @ Oklahoma City, Wednesday @ Memphis, Saturday vs. Dallas.  