Notebook: Pelicans 96, Lakers 85 
 
 
 By Bradley Handwerger, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Nov 08, 2013 11:47 PM - Updated Fri Nov 08, 2013 11:47 PM 
 
 THE FACT : New Orleans ended an 11-game losing streak to the Lakers, a stretch that included six home losses. 
 
  THE LEAD :  New Orleans drafted  Anthony Davis  to be a game-changing big man. The Pelicans might not have expected so much so soon. 
  Davis finished his night with a career-high 32 points, 12 rebounds, six blocks and early chants of M-V-P as the Pelicans beat the Lakers 96-85 Friday night. The second-year player scored seven of the final 12 points for New Orleans (3-3), had two blocks in the final five minutes and brought the crowd to its feet with some rim-rattling dunks. 
  This came after Los Angeles (3-4) had cut the Pelicans' one-time eight-point lead to three points on back-to-back  Steve Blake  baskets and two  Nick Young  free throws. 
  New Orleans held the Lakers to just 35 percent shooting in the second half. But the biggest difference for Los Angeles came from the free-throw line, where after taking 20 shots in the opening 24 minutes, it had only six in the final two quarters. 
 
  Jrue Holiday  scored 13 points and had 13 assists for New Orleans, which also had  Eric Gordon  finish with 16 and  Jason Smith  with 14. 
  For Los Angeles,  Chris Kaman  led with 16 while Blake and Young each added 13.  Pau Gasol  finished with nine points and 11 rebounds. 
 
 QUOTABLE : "When you get out and beat everybody down the floor and you get layup and dunk after dunk, he makes it easy on everybody else. I don't know what he's scratching, but I know he works his tail off. I'm going to be on him for more." -- Pelicans coach  Monty Williams  on Davis when asked if the second-year player had done more than scratch the surface Friday night. 
 
 THE STAT : 6-of-19 -- Los Angeles began the game 1-of-8 from 3-point range and, while the Lakers hit five of them in the second half, the early misses doomed them.  
 
 TURNING POINT : Back-to-back dunks by Davis allowed a crowd quieted by a Blake 3-pointer to re-emerge into delirium midway through the fourth quarter. First,  Tyreke Evans  cleared space with a move toward the basket and delivered a pass to Davis, who authoritatively threw down a dunk with one hand. On the next possession, Davis finished a fast break with an alley-oop.  
 
 QUOTABLE II : "It bothers me, frustrates me, but I'm going to continue to try. We're going to continue to try as a team, a unit. Don't do it individually but understand your responsibility within the team." --The Lakers' Gasol, answering a question about whether he was disappointed that he didn't deliver with  Kobe Bryant  and  Steve Nash  out. 
 
 NOT : New Orleans has had problems with mid-game lulls. The Pelicans were just 5-of-21 in the third quarter Friday, scoring a season-low 14 points.  
 
 NOTABLE : Davis recorded his 24th career double-double when he finished the first half with 15 points and 10 rebounds. ... The Lakers still have not won back-to-back games this season. 
 
 UP NEXT : For the Pelicans, Sunday @ Phoenix, Tuesday @ Lakers, Wednesday @ Utah. For the Lakers, Sunday vs. Minnesota, Tuesday vs. New Orleans, Wednesday @ Denver. 
