
 Nets-Magic notebook   By Dick Scanlon, for NBA.com Posted Friday March 25, 2011 11:07PM THE FACTS:   Hedo Turkoglu 's best game of the season (20 points on 8-for-11 shooting, 13 assists, no turnovers) led the Orlando Magic to their fifth straight victory, a 95-85 decision over the New Jersey Nets.  Dwight Howard  had 21 points and 14 rebounds for the Magic.  Anthony Morrow  led six Nets in double figures with 19 points while  Jordan Farmar  had 15 points and 16 assists. QUOTABLE:  "We couldn't score and they were hitting threes, which is what they do. You can't have those lapses where you can't score."   -- Guard  Anthony Morrow  on the scoreless fourth-quarter stretch of 4:42 that took the Nets out of the game. THE STAT:  The Nets shot six free throws, two fewer than Howard attempted in the fourth quarter. TURNING POINT:  The Magic led by only one point when Turkoglu found Howard under the basket for a dunk with 8:08 left in the game. Sixty-seven seconds later, Orlando led by nine. BATTLE OF THE BATTERED BACKCOURTS:  The Nets played without  Deron Williams  (strained right wrist tendon) and  Sundiata Gaines  (fractured right hip), and  Quinton Ross  re-injured his back. The Magic played without  J.J. Redick  (abdominal strain) and  Quentin Richardson  (back spasms) and lost  Jameer Nelson  to a knee injury in the first half. QUOTABLE II:  "We're a little thin on the perimeter right now. I don't know what we'll do in practice Sunday; I might have to get out there."   --  Magic coach  Stan Van Gundy. QUOTABLE III : "Nobody feels sorry for you in this league. I've been around teams that have been healthy all year. This team has not been healthy, but one of these days we will be."   -- Nets coach  Avery Johnson . HOT:   Turkoglu  made three of four 3-point shots and lifted his season percentage to a career-high .421. NOT:   Gilbert Arenas  shot 1-for-12 and missed all five of his 3-point shots. In 44 games with the Magic, he is shooting 34 percent. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Forced to play more than 41 minutes by injuries to other Net point guards,  Farmar  shot well (6-for-11, 3-for-4 threes) and had 16 assists. NOTABLE:  The Magic set a franchise record by committing only seven fouls. The previous record of nine was set in 1998 against Boston. ... The Nets employed the Hack-a-Howard in the final three minutes, and the Magic center made 2-of-4 foul shots. He was 7-fo-18 for the game, however. ... The Magic have beaten the Nets seven straight times. UP NEXT:  For the Nets, Saturday @ Atlanta, Tuesday vs. Houston, Wednesday @ New York. For the Magic, Monday @ New York, Wednesday @ Atlanta, Friday vs. Charlotte. 
