  Mavs-Sixers notebook   By Andy Jasner, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday March 1, 2011 10:24PM THE FACTS:   Jason Terry  poured in a season-high 30 points off the bench and the Dallas Mavericks stayed hot with a 101-93 victory over the Philadelphia 76ers on Tuesday.  Dirk Nowitzki  scored 22 points and helped guide the Mavericks to their seventh straight win and 17th in their last 18 games. They have also won 10 of their last 11 on the road.  Shawn Marion  had a double-double -- 10 points and 10 rebounds -- and  Jason Kidd  had another triple-double. Five Sixers scored in double figures led by  Jodie Meeks  with 16.  Andre Iguodala  added 15, but missed two huge free throws in the final minute. The Sixers fell back to .500 at 30-30 and had their four-game winning streak snapped. QUOTABLE:  "Anybody on our team is capable of going out there and having a big night. It just so happened it was Jason and Jason on this night. We have so much experience that any one of us can do it on any given night and that gives us added confidence as a group."   -- Shawn Marion, on the victory THE STAT:  The Sixers scored 28 points in the paint after averaging 45.4 in the previous 19 games. TURNING POINT:  Meeks got the Sixers within 92-91 with a 3-pointer with 1:41 left. But the Mavericks responded with consecutive baskets by Nowitzki -- a post-up jumper over Iguodala -- and a dunk by Terry to pull ahead 96-91. HOT:  Terry hit 13 of his 18 shots, including several very difficult ones where he appeared to be off-balance. NOT:   Lou Williams  struggled to find his rhythm on this night, going an uncharacteristic 1-for-8 for the Sixers. QUOTABLE II:  "This was another dress rehearsal for the playoffs. San Antonio is playing extremely well. So are the Lakers. We have to keep playing consistent basketball, especially as we get closer to the playoffs."   -- Jason Kidd FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  The 37-year-old Kidd still can change a game in so many ways. He just continues to fill the stat sheet, and he did it this time with 13 points, 13 assists, 10 rebounds and three steals. It was his second triple-double this season and the 107th of his illustrious career. Kidd trails only  Oscar Robertson  (181) and  Magic Johnson  (138) in career triple-doubles. INSIDE THE ARENA:  As the calendar flipped to the March, every game from here on out is obviously important, especially with the Mavericks in town. Sixers chairman  Ed Snider  attended the game along with Flyers defenseman  Chris Pronger . Of course, Mavericks owner  Mark Cuban  was present behind the team's bench. QUOTABLE III:  "It's disappointing to lose. We had our chances. They took advantage of their opportunities and made some big shots."   -- Sixers forward  Elton Brand GOOD MOVE:   J.J. Barea  sparked the Mavericks in the second half and coach  Rick Carlisle  stuck with the diminutive point guard down the stretch. BAD MOVE:  Iguodala guarded Nowitzki late in the game on several possessions and the Mavericks' All-Star won the battle. The Sixers could have -- and probably should have -- thrown more double-teams Nowitzki's way. ROOKIE WATCH:   Evan Turner , the Sixers' No. 2 overall pick from Ohio State, played 18 minutes and wound up with seven points and three assists. Turner's confidence keeps growing and the coaching staff has shown more and more trust in him. NOTABLE:  Mavericks center  Tyson Chandler  limped off the court with 1:06 left in the second quarter following a collision in the lane with  Spencer Hawes . Chandler went to the locker room and was diagnosed with a sprained right ankle. He didn't return to the game. NOTABLE II:  Brand entered the game with a dislocated pinky finger on his right hand. Brand dislocated the finger again during the loss to the Mavericks and had it popped back in to keep playing. He said after the game that it wasn't anything too serious. UP NEXT:  For the Mavericks, Friday vs. Indiana, Sunday vs. Memphis, Monday @ Minnesota. For the Sixers, Friday vs. Minnesota, Sunday vs. Golden State, Tuesday @ Indiana.  