  Notebook: Lakers 90, Jazz 87   By Andrew Aragon, for NBA.com Posted Thursday January 12, 2012 12:58AM THE FACTS:   Kobe Bryant  scored at least 40 points in his second straight game -- finishing with an even 40 -- to lead the Los Angeles Lakers to a 90-87 overtime win over the Utah Jazz on Wednesday night. It was the Lakers' first road victory this season, and Utah's first home defeat. Los Angeles was 0-3 away from Staples Center, and the Jazz were 5-0 at EnergySolutions Arena prior to Wednesday. Pau Gasol  hit a go-ahead 3-pointer to give the Lakers an 86-85 lead in overtime, and Los Angeles held on for the victory. Gasol had a double-double with 14 points and 11 rebounds. The Jazz were led by an outstanding effort from  Paul Millsap , who had 29 points and nine rebounds. QUOTABLE:  "He's got a green light to shoot the 3. As you can tell, guys trusted [Gasol's ability to make a 3-pointer]. Kobe made a pass to him late in the game, in overtime, at a crucial point. To see him step up and hit the 3, it was huge for us."   -- Lakers coach  Mike Brown  on Gasol's go-ahead 3-pointer in overtime. THE STAT:  2. The Lakers blocked two Jazz shots in the final seconds to preserve the victory.  Andrew Bynum  swatted a shot by Utah center  Al Jefferson  with the Lakers ahead 88-87 with 1.7 seconds remaining. Bryant blocked a 3-point attempt by  Devin Harris  as time expired. TURNING POINT:  Gasol's 3-pointer -- his first of the season and just the 19th of his career -- turned the tide in the Lakers' favor for good. Bynum tipped in a Bryant miss to make it 88-85 before Millsap hit a jumper to trim Utah's deficit to 88-87. The Jazz had a shot to win following a Bryant miss when  Gordon Hayward  penetrated and dished to Jefferson near the basket. But Bynum saved the game for the Lakers by blocking the shot. Bryant collected the loose ball from the block, sank two free throws, and then blocked Harris' 3-point attempt. HOT:  Lakers forward  Matt Barnes  played an efficient game, shooting 5-for-6 to score 11 points. He also had seven rebounds. Millsap didn't scorch the nets the way he had in Utah's previous three home games (22-for-26), but he was one of few players to shoot better than 50 percent. He shot 14-for-24.  Raja Bell  was 3-for-4, scored seven points and played the team's best defense on Bryant before fouling out. NOT:  All Lakers not named Kobe Bryant -- in the first half -- were not hot. Bryant scored 21 of his 40 points before halftime, shooting 8-for-13. The rest of the team scored 20 points and shot 10-for-27.  Metta World Peace  continues to have a rough season, as he shot 1-for-6 and scored two points. Jefferson struggled after putting six solid games together, shooting 5-for-17. Jazz starters Harris and Hayward each shot 1-for-7. QUOTABLE II:  "I draw from the crowd a lot. The crowd here -- they're pretty nasty. I don't want to give them the satisfaction of walking away from here saying that they won."   -- Kobe Bryant on the Utah crowd that provided a playoff-like atmosphere on Wednesday night. GOOD MOVE:  Bryant was on the bench late in the first quarter, but hurried and checked in with 11.1 seconds remaining in the period following a missed jumper by  Earl Watson . Bryant then beat a double team, and hit a 15-foot jumper to give the Lakers an extra basket and a 26-23 lead at the end of the period. It may not have seemed like a big deal at the time, but every basket counted in the tight contest. FANTASY WATCH:  Utah's  Josh Howard  may be a worthwhile waiver pickup. He scored 18 points and had four rebounds against the Lakers. He has scored in double digits in three of Utah's last four games. ROOKIE WATCH:  Laker first-year player  Darius Morris  got his first minutes of the season, and scored the first points of his career. He assisted on World Peace's only basket of the game -- a dunk -- less than 20 seconds after he entered the game. He finished with four points, two assists and a rebound in 13 minutes. The Jazz's  Enes Kanter  only played nine minutes and had three points and four rebounds. Utah's  Alec Burks  was active in limited playing time as he had two points and three rebounds in less than three minutes. He attempted four shots. NOTABLE:  Bryant has averaged 26.2 points in 52 career games against the Jazz. Los Angeles held an opponent to less than 90 points for the seventh time in 12 contests. UP NEXT:  For the Lakers, Friday vs. Cleveland, Saturday at L.A. Clippers, Monday vs. Dallas. For the Jazz, Saturday vs. New Jersey, Sunday @ Denver, Tuesday vs. L.A. Clippers.  