  Notebook: Bobcats 73, Hornets 71  Posted Monday March 12, 2012 11:18PM By Larry Holder, for NBA.com THE FACTS: Gerald Henderson  scored a team-high 15 points, while  Kemba Walker  added 14 points off the bench as the Charlotte Bobcats defeated the New Orleans Hornets 73-71 on Monday night in the New Orleans Arena. It's a rare win for the Bobcats as they pick up their sixth win of the season. QUOTABLE:  "They're an NBA team. Everybody is going to make their run in the NBA. It didn't help that we weren't scoring and then couldn't score at all. But we made the play in the very end and it feels good to get a win."  -- Henderson on the win. THE STAT:  17. Both the Bobcats and Hornets had 17 turnovers each to make for a sloppy game and a low-scoring game. It's not really a surprise as there's a reason why Charlotte's scoring average is the worst in the NBA, while the Hornets rank 29th in the league in scoring. TURNING POINT:  Charlotte exploded for a 26-point third quarter and it was highlighted by a 10-0 run to end the period as the Bobcats took a 61-55 lead into the fourth quarter. Charlotte tried to do its best to cough away the lead by only scoring 12 points in the fourth quarter, but the Bobcats picked up the rare win. ROOKIE WATCH:  Walker played well, but it was Bobcats center  Bismack Biyombo  who made the play of the game. The Hornets'  Trevor Ariza  took the inbound pass with about five seconds left in the game and appeared to have a clear path to the hoop for a game-tying dunk. Biyombo wanted no part of it as he came from the other side of the rim to reject Ariza's dunk attempt with 1.7 seconds left to preserve the win. Biyombo did it offensively as well going 6 of 7 from the floor for 12 points along with seven rebounds. HOT:  Hornets guard  Jarrett Jack  shot 7 of 12 from the floor to lead New Orleans with 15 points, nine assists, four rebounds and one blocked shot. Jack did also have six turnovers. NOT:  The Bobcats were perfectly imperfect from 3-point land against the Hornets as they missed all 12 3-point attempts. Charlotte amazingly still shot 43 percent overall from the floor. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Despite having his dunk blocked at the end of the game, Ariza had a nice stat line with 14 points, nine rebounds, two assists, two steals, one blocked shot and only one turnover. QUOTABLE II:  "Jarrett's foul, his offensive foul, stuff like that in a close game, that's hard to swallow. I don't know about plays like that being called down the stretch. I could see if it was a violent move, but I didn't see that. So obviously, I have a different point of view than the referees. But that wasn't the reason why we were in that hole. We came out of halftime going through the motions."  --  Hornets head coach  Monty Williams  on an offensive foul called on Jack with 31.3 second left in the game on a possession where New Orleans could have tied it or taken a lead. NOTABLE:  Bobcats forward  Eduardo Najera  and Hornets forward  Gustavo Ayon  were going to make NBA and Mexican sports history on Monday night as it would have been the first time that two Mexican-born players will face off in an NBA game. But Najera strained his knee during Saturday's loss to Oklahoma City and won't play Monday against the Hornets. ... Williams said he expects Hornets forward  Carl Landry  to return to action this week, just not Monday night against the Bobcats. It could be just in time to be dealt at the deadline. ... The Hornets will never publicly say this was a good loss, but New Orleans' loss to Charlotte actually helps the Hornets in the race for the worst record in the league held by the Bobcats. UP NEXT:  For the Bobcats, Wednesday @ Houston, Thursday @ Dallas, Saturday vs. Toronto. For the Hornets, Wednesday vs. Lakers, Thursday vs. Washington, Saturday @ New Jersey.  