  Notebook: Warriors 93, Kings 90   By Geoff Lepper, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday February 1, 2012 1:59AM THE FACTS:  Reserve swingman  Brandon Rush  scored a season-high 20 points, 15 in the fourth quarter, as the Golden State Warriors rode their superior bench play to a 93-90 win against the Sacramento Kings on Tuesday. Rush and the rest of Golden State's backups outscored their counterparts from the Kings 43-21 and the Warriors went virtually starter-free throughout the entire fourth quarter with the game in the balance.  Tyreke Evans  fell just shy of a triple-double for the Kings, finishing with 22 points, 10 rebounds and nine assists, but Sacramento couldn't pull out a win for coach  Keith Smart , who had been fired over the summer by the Warriors. QUOTABLE:  "The bench guys just played great, and I've always said, 'If you want to play, force me to leave you in.' And those guys did exactly that. They deserved to win or lose this ballgame."   -- Warriors coach  Mark Jackson , on declining to bring his starters back down the stretch. THE STAT:  The Warriors won the turnover battle in a huge way, recording a season-low on offense with eight, and forcing 21 from the Kings for their season-high. TURNING POINT:  Speaking of turnovers, Sacramento coughed the ball up four times in the opening 4:27 of the fourth quarter, helping Golden State embark on a 9-0 run that put them in the lead for good. HOT:  The bench has been a strength of the Warriors all season, but never moreso than Tuesday. Golden State's top reserve lineup --  Nate Robinson ,  Klay Thompson , Rush,  Dominic McGuire  and  Ekpe Udoh  -- played together for all but the final 59.5 seconds of the fourth quarter. It didn't always make for pretty basketball -- the Warriors shot just 37.5 percent from the floor in the quarter -- but it made for gritty, winning ball -- Sacramento was held to just 35.0 percent and committed five turnovers. QUOTABLE II:  "That [second] team really locks in. They understand their limitations, and because of that, they probably support one another even more, on both sides of the basketball. You don't have great individual talent, so they're forced to trust one another, offensively and defensively."   -- Mark Jackson HOTTER:  With a 4-for-5 mark on 3-pointers Tuesday, Rush is now 14-for-17 from behind the arc over his last six games. He's leading the league at 59.3 percent, up from a career mark of 40.2 coming into this season. QUOTABLE III:  "I think I'm getting better looks. Guys are really looking for me. It just comes from working out, this entire summer and during the lockout. I was able to get in the gym and work on my shot. [My] confidence is high."   -- Brandon Rush NOT:  Warriors star  Monta Ellis  went 5-for-17 and is shooting 27.9 percent over his last three games. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Kings center  DeMarcus Cousins  started out hot, with 12 points (on 5-for-6 shooting), three rebounds and a drawn charge in the first quarter. He finished with 21 points and 14 boards, his 14th double-double this season. ROOKIE WATCH:  Sacramento's  Isaiah Thomas  continues to earn big minutes with  Marcus Thornton  on the bench. He played 27 minutes Tuesday, providing 11 points, four assists and three rebounds in a matchup (against Robinson) of diminutive Washington products. NOTABLE:  It was the first time this season -- and only the fourth since 2009-10 -- that the Warriors won with neither Ellis nor  Stephen Curry  playing 30 minutes. . . .  Dorell Wright  and  David Lee  each finished with 15 points for the Warriors. . . .  Jason Thompson  had 13 points and 11 boards for Sacramento. . . . Golden State center  Andris Biedrins  made his first free throw of the season and earned a season-high 25 minutes. UP NEXT:  For the Warriors, Thursday vs. Utah, Saturday @ Sacramento, Tuesday vs. Oklahoma City. For the Kings, Thursday vs. Portland, Saturday vs. Golden State, Monday @ New Orleans.  