
 Bucks-Hornets notebook   By Larry Holder, for NBA.com Posted Wednesday October 27, 2010 11:28PM THE FACTS:   Monty Williams  didn't have to wait long for his first career win as an NBA head coach as the New Orleans Hornets opened the season with a 95-91 win over the Milwaukee Bucks on Wednesday night in the New Orleans Arena. QUOTABLE:  "I'll calm down in July when we're not playing anymore. It's natural for me. It's the same way I was when I played. So much of it is that you want to do well and you want the guys to do well, perform well. And at the same time at the end of the day, it's just basketball. When I was on the way to the gym today I was thinking, 'What am I so worried about?' It's still basketball."   -- Williams on letting his pregame nerves calm down before Friday's game since he's won his first game as a head coach in the season opener THE STAT:  Bucks center  Andrew Bogut  was solid in his return after sustaining a season-ending right wrist and elbow injury near the end of the 2009-2010 season with 15 points and 15 rebounds. What could have been the difference, though, for the Bucks is Bogut's struggles from the foul line as he only made 3-for-10 free-throw attempts. TURNING POINT:  Hornets guard  Chris Paul  hit shots on back-to-back possessions at the end of the third quarter to give the Hornets a 78-72 lead. Paul hit a mid-range jumper on the second to last possession and then hit a 3-pointer at the buzzer to end the third quarter. HOT:  Hornets forward  David West  missed much of the preseason with a right elbow injury, but didn't miss a beat as he scored 22 points on 9-for-14 shooting. NOT:  Bucks guard  John Salmons  struggled after missing all of the preseason with a knee injury. He looked like he hadn't played all preseason as he only scored five points on 2-for-8 shooting in 33 minutes. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Hornets guard  Marco Belinelli  may be the shooting guard the Hornets have been looking for as he scored 18 points, six rebounds, two assists and only one turnover in 36 minutes in his first start with the Hornets. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Saints owner  Tom Benson  and his wife  Gayle  sat courtside at halfcourt with Hornets team president  Hugh Weber . Actor and New Orleans native  Wendell Pierce  (HBO series  Treme ) introduced the Hornets roster during the pregame festivities. NOTABLE:  Paul wore a bulky brace on his left knee. Paul wasn't wearing it during the preseason. He missed 25 games last season with a left knee injury. It didn't hinder him too much as he piled up 17 points and 16 assists. UP NEXT:  For the Bucks, Friday @ Minnesota, Saturday vs. Charlotte, Tuesday vs. Portland. For the Hornets, Friday vs. Nuggets, Saturday @ San Antonio, Wednesday @ Houston. 
