  Pacers-Knicks notebook   By Mike Vorkunov, for NBA.com Posted Sunday March 13, 2011 9:46PM THE FACTS:  The Indiana Pacers went into Madison Square Garden without their leading scorer and came out with a 106-93 victory over the New York Knicks, ending their six-game losing streak.  Tyler Hansbrough  led the way for the Pacers as he scored a career-high 29 points. Even 28 points from  Amar'e Stoudemire  and 25 points from  Carmelo Anthony  were not enough to save them. QUOTABLE:  "Coach didn't play me in the past because I don't know why, so I try to come in the gym and try to get better and prove a point."   - Tyler Hansbrough talking about his success after struggling under former coach  Jim O'Brien . THE STAT:  The Pacers shot 57.1 percent against the Knicks. Indiana came into the game as the third worst shooting team in the league, shooting 43.8 percent from the floor. It was just the 10th time in 66 games this season that they have hit more than half of their shots. In those games they are 7-3 and 21-35 in all others. TURNING POINT:  During a four-minute stretch starting halfway through the third quarter, the Pacers broke up a nine-point game and increased their lead to a healthy 20 points. Holding a 63-54 advantage with 6:47 remaining in the quarter, Hansbrough scored 11 points in the next four-and-a-half minutes to extend the lead to 83-63 and put the Knicks in an inescapable hole. QUOTABLE II:  "We expect to shoot 57 percent every game now. We know we can do it."   - Indiana coach  Frank Vogel. HOT:  Maybe it is because the calendar has turned to March and the former North Carolina star shined at this time, but Hansbrough has become offensively potent as of late. He has scored 20-plus points in his last four games and scored a career -best 29 points tonight. Hansbrough is now averaging 24 points per game over those four games and is gaining confidence. NOT:  In his return from a six-game absence due to injury,  Chauncey Billups  showed some rust. He scored just 9 points, but it came on a struggling 4-of-14 shooting. The point guard also turned the ball over 4 times. INSIDE THE ARENA:  The Garden had its fair share of big names in the crowd as  Katrina Bowden  of 30 Rock,  Ne-Yo , Jersey Shore's  Vinny   Guadagnino , and  Ciara  took in the game. NOTABLE:  The victory kept the Pacers tied for the eighth and final playoff spot in the Eastern conference after Charlotte won earlier in the day. The Knicks' loss leaves them just a half-game ahead of Philadelphia for the sixth seed in the East. UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Tuesday @ Indiana, Thursday vs. Memphis, Friday @ Detroit. For the Pacers, Tuesday vs. New York, Wednesday @ Boston, Friday vs. Chicago.  