
 Sixers-Spurs notebook   By Tim Price, for NBA.com Posted Saturday November 13, 2010 11:47PM THE FACTS:  Riding the backcourt scoring of  Tony Parker  and  Manu Ginobili , the San Antonio Spurs won their sixth-straight game, 116-93, over the Philadelphia 76ers on Saturday at AT&T Center. Parker scored 24 points and had seven assists while Ginobili added 18 with 3-of-5 3-pointers as the Spurs (7-1) remain unbeaten in November. QUOTABLE:  "They hit us early taking it to the basket. Parker and Ginobili were wreaking havoc, not just on our guards. It's a team effort. If the guards can't stop them, our big guys have got to step up and stop them, make them do something else. They were just in that paint scoring."   --  76ers forward  Elton Brand THE STAT : After the Spurs won the third quarter 35-12, Parker and Ginobili sat the rest of the game. At that point the Spurs starting backcourt outscored the Philly backcourt of second-year point guard  Jrue Holiday  and rookie  Evan Turner  42-2. Parker and Ginobili shot a combined 16-of-23 compared to Holiday and Turner going 1-of-12. TURNING POINT:  The Spurs, with two nights of rest, took it to the 76ers early after they came in for the second night of a back-to-back. Three minutes into the game, San Antonio commenced a 22-2 run. It included 16-straight points and a stretch of hitting 8-of-10 shots for a 17-point lead midway through the opening quarter. QUOTABLE II:  "I thought (Parker) had an excellent game. It might have been his best game when you combine the aggressiveness on offense, the attention to detail and tenacity defensively against good scoring guards. I thought he did a fine job."   --  Spurs coach  Gregg Popovich HOT:  Ginobili was 12-of-27 on 3-pointers the past three games a perfect 12-of-12 from the free-throw line. Against the 76ers he hit 3-of-5 from the 3-point line and made all of his three free throws. NOT:   Tim Duncan  has had a pair of off nights as he has shaken off the effects of flu-like symptoms. He scored seven points on 2-of-9 shooting against the Sixers, which follows a 3-of-7 night for six points three nights ago against the Clippers. Mindful that the Spurs have the second game of a back-to-back on the road Sunday in Oklahoma City, the Spurs rested Duncan for the final 15 minutes against the Sixers. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Parker has scored more than 20 points or more three of the past four games. GOOD MOVE:   Lou Williams  played only nine minutes the previous night in Dallas, but he got 22 minutes for 13 points as the 76ers' most productive player off the bench. BAD MOVE:  Turner was inserted into the starting lineup four games ago and has had mixed results. He hit double figures the first two games but the past two nights had five against Dallas and none in San Antonio. ROOKIE WATCH:  Turner shot 0-of-3 for the night and, even thought he played the entire fourth quarter, did not get a shot off during those 12 minutes and committed a turnover. NOTABLE:  The win-loss record of teams the Spurs have defeated this season is 16-38, and San Antonio has twice played the 1-9 Clippers. The only loss came to the only tam the Spurs have played with a winning record -- New Orleans (8-0). UP NEXT:  For the 76ers, Tuesday @ Cleveland, Wednesday vs. Toronto, Friday vs. Milwaukee. For the Spurs, Sunday @ Oklahoma City, Wednesday vs. Chicago, Friday @ Utah. 
