
 Bucks-Grizzlies notebook   By Marlon W. Morgan, for NBA.com Posted Friday February 11, 2011 11:44PM THE FACTS:  Playing without forward  Zach Randolph , who was out nursing a sprained right ankle, the Memphis Grizzlies had to grind out an ugly 89-86 victory over the Milwaukee Bucks, giving them a season sweep of the series. The win snapped a four-game home losing streak to Milwaukee. The Grizzlies were led by point guard  Mike Conley , who had 23 points, eight assists and five rebounds. QUOTABLE:  ``We scratched and clawed. We thought it was going to be easy. We wanted it to be easy. During one of the timeouts, I told them winning is not easy. Even when we have everybody, it's not easy. You have to go out there and stay focused and committed to what you're doing and we did that in the fourth quarter."  -  Grizzlies coach  Lionel Hollins . THE STAT:  After holding Milwaukee to 36 percent shooting, the Grizzlies improved to 5-0 this season when holding to their opponents under .370 shooting from the floor. After giving up 28 third quarter points, the Grizzlies tightened up their defense in the fourth, holding the Bucks to 18 points on 25 percent (5 of 20) shooting. TURNING POINT:  After falling behind 60-49 in the third quarter and trailing 68-63 heading into the fourth, the Grizzlies started the period on a 10-2 run to regain the lead for good INSIDE THE ARENA:  In attendance with a front row seat was U.S. tennis star  Andy Roddick.  Roddick is in Memphis for next week's Regions Morgan Keegan Championships. QUOTABLE II:  ``There's a big difference in this team and the previous Grizzlies' teams. It comes down to no panicking. I think we don't panic as much anymore. We take their run and know that they are going to get one. We come back, calm down and do what we do best. We try to chip into their lead as quick as possible."  -  Grizzlies point guard Mike Conley . HOT:  It only lasted for a quarter, but Milwaukee forward  Corey Maggette  came out of the locker room on fire in the third quarter. Maggette knocked four straight 3-pointers to help the Bucks wipeout a five-point halftime deficit to take their first lead of the game. During the Bucks' 20-4 run to start the second half, Maggette scored 14 points. He finished the quarter making 6 of 9 shots, including 4 of 6 from 3-point range, to scored 20 of his 22 points. NOT:  Maggette was the only Milwaukee player to have a good shooting night. Take away his performance and the rest of the team was 22 of 66 (.333). NOTABLE:  Starting in place of the injured Randolph, forward  Darrell Arthur  scored 12 points and had eight rebounds. Arthur has scored in double figures in all seven of his starts this season. ... Newly acquired point guard  Jason Williams  played his first game with the team since he was part of the 2004-05 playoff squad. Williams, the club's all-time assists leader, played just over four minutes, picking up a turnover on a failed alley-oop pass to  Tony Allen . ...Grizzlies coach Lionel Hollins, the club's winningest coach, picked up his 100th career coaching victory. ...  Sam Young  added 19 points for the Grizzlies, the eighth time in the last nine games he's scored in double digits. Young also had a career-high eight rebounds. ... The Grizzlies lead the league in games decided by three points or less (14) and are now 7-7 in those contests. UP NEXT:  For the Bucks, Saturday vs. Indiana, Monday vs. L.A. Clippers, Wednesday vs. Denver. For the Grizzlies, Sunday vs. Denver, Tuesday vs. Philadelphia, Feb. 22 at Denver. 
