  Magic-Pistons notebook   By Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com Posted Friday December 3, 2010 11:07PM THE FACTS:  Playing without  Dwight Howard  and three other regulars because of illness, the Orlando Magic shot 59.7 percent in a 104-91 victory over the Detroit Pistons Friday night. Magic reserve forward  Brandon Bass  scored a career-high 27 points on 11-for-12 shooting from the field. QUOTABLE:  "A lot of teams only play eight guys in their rotation. It's not how many people you have, it's how good those people are."    -- Magic coach  Stan Van Gundy THE STAT:  35-22. Without Howard, the Magic were still able to outrebounded the Pistons by 13.  Marcin Gortat , who took Howard's place in the lineup, grabbed three more rebounds (11) than the entire Detroit starting lineup. TURNING POINT:   Vince Carter  and Bass carried the Magic in the first half. They achieved more balance in the second half, including a stretch early in the third quarter when Orlando made three consecutive 3-point attempts.  Quentin Richardson  knocked down the first two and  Rashard Lewis  added another as the Magic turned a two-point deficit into a 67-60 lead. Orlando led the rest of the way. QUOTABLE II:  "They wanted it more than us. They came ready to play. It just seems like it's hard for us to get into a flow out there. Everything seems hard for us."    -- Pistons forward  Charlie Villanueva HOT:  Bass had never scored more than 21 points in his six-year career but he reached the 20-point mark by halftime. He was 8-for-8 from the field, including five jumpers, and 4-for-4 from the line in the first half. He dunked in the final minute of the third quarter to set his career high. NOT:  Detroit's shooting guard combination of  Richard Hamilton  and  Ben Gordon  scored a combined 15 points on 5-for-20 shooting. They were averaging a combined 25.5 ppg entering the game. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Gordon's scoring average has plummeted in recent weeks. He's averaging 5.8 ppg during Detroit's current losing streak and has made just five of his last 17 3-point attempts. GOOD MOVE:  After  Jason Maxiell  and  Ben Wallace  scored Detroit's first nine points, the Magic packed their defense in and dared the Pistons to beat them from the perimeter. Orlando outscored the Pistons 50-28 in the paint. BAD MOVE:  Pistons coach  John Kuester  thought about shaking up his starting lineup after his team was blown out in Miami Wednesday night. He stuck with the same group but  Tayshaun Prince  (30 points) was the only starter who produced. NOTABLE:  Howard and reserve  Mickael Pietrus  flew back to Orlando Friday night and will miss Saturday's game at Milwaukee. Van Gundy hopes that both will recover by Monday's home game against Atlanta. ... Prior to Friday, Howard had missed just three games since entering the league in the 2004-05 season. All three came during the 2008-09 season, most recently April 13, 2009 against Milwaukee. ... Magic reserve forward  Ryan Anderson  suffered a mid-foot sprain in the opening quarter and did not return. ... All of Orlando's healthy players exceeded their average minutes. ... Gordon had a career-high nine rebounds. UP NEXT:  For the Magic, Saturday @ Milwaukee, Monday vs. Atlanta, Thursday @ Portland. For the Pistons, Sunday vs. Cleveland, Tuesday @ Houston, Wednesday @ New Orleans.  