  Notebook: Nets 122, Cavaliers 117 Posted Sunday April 8, 2012 10:04PM By Adam Figman, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  There was no playoff positioning on the line in New Jersey on Sunday night, but there was an unexpected playoff atmosphere, courtesy of an end-of-regulation near-buzzer-beater and an overtime battle that ended with the Nets earning a 122-117 victory over a feisty Cleveland Cavaliers squad. Cavs guard  Lester Hudson's  corner 3-pointer tied things up with 0.3 seconds remaining in the fourth quarter, but the Nets were able to gain a quick lead early in extra time and just barely hold Cleveland off late, needing Hudson to miss a second game-tying attempt with under 10 seconds to go in OT to complete the victory. Cavs forward  Antawn Jamison  dropped in a game-high 34 points, while the Nets were led by  Gerald Green , who converted 11-of-18 shots en route to 32 points.  Alonzo Gee  added 22 points and 11 rebounds for Cleveland. QUOTABLE I:  "How do you describe like 40 different plays? You don't have enough time. But the one thing that I do have time to talk about is the mental toughness, the mental stamina of our team when you had a couple of tough breaks there with a turnover, or a guy making a three. ... We hung in there."  --  Nets head coach  Avery Johnson. THE STAT:  Cleveland shot an impressive 50 percent from three-point land (sinking 12-of-24), a figure that kept the contest close whenever it appeared that the Nets might run away. Four of those 3s came courtesy of Jamison. TURNING POINT:  This one was tight right down to the very end, although a turning point felt imminent when it appeared as though Hudson's late 3-pointer would help the Cavs ride momentum past the Nets in overtime. The Nets pushed on, though; after the game, Johnson admitted that his guys wouldn't have been up for that challenge as recently as a few weeks ago. QUOTABLE II:  "It's been three straight games of coming out, playing hard and competing. I can't complain. Our guys did it again tonight."  --  Cavs head coach  Byron Scott . HOT:  Playing under a 10-day contract, guard Hudson continues to prove he deserves a more-permanent roster spot. The guard followed up his 23-point performance against the Raptors on Friday night with a career-high 26 points, including the fade-away corner three-pointer that tied the game at 109 and sent it to overtime. Like the opposing Nets did with Green, the Cavs will be keep Hudson on board for beyond the length of his current 10-day deal. He'll need to be re-upped before Monday morning, though, which is the 11th day after he first signed on, but Scott told reporters that Hudson will be with the team through Monday and beyond. NOT:  Good health. The Cavs were without  Kyrie Irving  (right shoulder),  Anderson Varejao  (right wrist) and  Anthony Parker  (bruised sternum), while Nets starting forward  Gerald Wallace  left the game in the second quarter after straining his left hamstring as he came down awkwardly following a powerful put-back dunk. He didn't return. GOOD MOVE:  With  Jordan Farmar  (right groin) sidelined for the season, the Nets are thin at point guard, and as a result have been spelling  Deron Williams  with rookie shooting guard  MarShon Brooks  for various stretches of time. In the first half this strategy led to mixed results, but in the third quarter Johnson abandoned it and substituted in backup guard  Sundiata Gaines.  Gaines immediately improved the flow of the offense and injected the unit with a newfound energy. BAD MOVE:  Holding onto a 109-106 lead and the clock winding down towards 0.0, the Nets elected not to foul in the backcourt, providing the Cavs with an opportunity to tie things up -- an opportunity they were happy to take full advantage of. New Jersey took the same chance once again in overtime, but fortunately for coach Johnson, Cleveland did not have the same luck twice. NOTABLE:  Green added another solid performance to his improbably stellar season, going for 32 points, five 3s and four rebounds. ... This was the second overtime contest for the Nets this season, with the first one coming in a 97-90 win in Philadelphia on January 25. ... Wallace met with team doctors after the game. He's believed to have a strained hamstring, with another update expected in the next couple of days. UP NEXT:  For the Nets, Tuesday vs. Philadelphia, Friday @ Philadelphia, Saturday vs. Boston. For the Cavaliers, Tuesday vs. Charlotte, Wednesday vs. Indiana, Saturday @ Indiana.  