  Knicks-Spurs notebook   By Tim Price, for NBA.com Posted Friday January 21, 2011 11:45PM THE FACTS:   Tony Parker  had 21 points and 13 assists,  Tim Duncan  scored 21 points with 16 rebounds and  DeJuan Blair  added 18 points and 13 rebounds as the San Antonio Spurs handed New York a fifth-straight loss in a 101-92 victory over the Knicks on Friday at AT&T Center. The Spurs (37-6) avenged a loss 2 ½ weeks ago when the Knicks (22-20) scored an opponent season-high 128 points against San Antonio. QUOTABLE:  "Timmy was great. He was aggressive going to the basket and drawing double teams. And DeJuan was very active with offensive rebounds and doing all the dirty work. Both of them played great, and we needed that because you know (the Knicks) are a little bit weak inside and we took advantage of that."    -- Tony Parker THE STAT:  The Knicks were unable to break 37 percent shooting in any of the final three quarters and finished the game at 38 percent (37-98). During the five-game losing streak New York is 42 percent from the floor. It's the second straight game the Knicks have failed to score 30 in a quarter and the third game in the last four that New York has gone without a 30-point quarter. TURNING POINT:  New York cut San Antonio's 14-point lead to 83-79 with 6 ½ minutes left to play. But the Spurs made four of their next five shots while the Knicks missed 6-of-8. With less than a minute to go San Antonio had put the game away with a 13-point lead. QUOTABLE II:  "I think Pop (Spurs coach  Gregg Popovich ) maybe chewed them out about the loss in New York. They came out focused, as we should have done."    --  Amar'e Stoudemire HOT:  Parker made his first five shots and is 36-of-57 his last four games (63 percent). NOT:   Raymond Felton  went 8-of-21 tonight and is 24-of-78 (31 percent) during the five-game losing streak. Combined with Stoudemire tonight, they went 16-of-46 from the floor. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Duncan fell two assists short of a triple-double. He also had five blocked shots tonight. It was his second straight double-double and third in his past four games. GOOD MOVE:  With key reserves  George Hill  (he sprained a thumb during pregame warmups) and  Matt Bonner  out for San Antonio, Popovich had confidence in little-used  Chris Quinn  and 10-day contract signee  Larry Owens  to fill in. They combined for nine points in 19 minutes and did not commit a turnover. BAD MOVE:  If he was looking for a better start defensively,  Mike D'Antoni  didn't get it by starting  Ronny Turiaf  and having him guard Duncan. They each played all but 50 seconds in the first quarter and Duncan scored nine points and grabbed five rebounds. By the end of the game Duncan was 8-of-15 from the floor and 5-of-6 from the line. ROOKIE WATCH:   Landry Fields  has started all 42 games this season for New York, and he had two points, three rebounds and two turnovers in almost 25 minutes.  Gary Neal  scored in double figures (10 points) for the third time in the past five games. Owens only hit one shot for San Antonio, but it was a key 3-pointer in the first half. NOTABLE:  The Spurs are tied with the Clippers for most home games played so far this season (26), and they've taken advantage of it with 17 straight wins at AT&T Center. But San Antonio will play 12 of the next 13 games on the road. UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Saturday @ Oklahoma City, Monday vs. Washington, Thursday vs. Miami. For the Spurs, Saturday @ New Orleans, Monday @ Golden State, Wednesday @ Utah.  