  Mavs-Nuggets notebook   By Michael Kelly, for NBA.com Posted Friday February 11, 2011 2:16AM THE FACTS:   Arron Afflalo  hit a 19-foot jumper at the buzzer and the Denver Nuggets rallied from 13 down in the fourth to beat the Dallas Mavericks 121-120 on Thursday night. QUOTABLE:  " Chauncey  [ Billups ] did a great job of being patient. When he figured he wasn't going to get enough space to get a clean shot off I was just ready. That was all I had in my mind, get a clean look."    -- Arron Afflalo, on his game-winning shot. THE STAT:  The Mavericks' bench, led by  Jason Terry 's 25, outscored Denver's reserves 72-12. TURNING POINT:  Down 110-100 with 5:02 left, the Nuggets outscored the Mavericks 21-10 the rest of the way to pull out the win. Afflalo scored 13 of his 24 points in that final stretch. QUOTABLE II:  "They made some unbelievable shots. We had some breakdowns, and we didn't' get the ball in the hole often enough."    -- Dallas coach  Rick Carlisle , on the Nuggets' fourth-quarter rally. HOT:  Billups was unstoppable in the first quarter. He hit four 3-pointers during his 18-point frame and nearly outscored the Mavericks on his own. He also had three assists, so he had a hand in 24 of Denver's 33 points in the period. He finished with 30 points. NOT:  Nuggets forward  Chris Andersen  is struggling to shake the rust from his injury-plagued season. He had two points and four rebounds before fouling out Thursday. He is averaging 1.4 points and 3.4 rebounds in the last five games. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:   Carmelo Anthony  has been a scoring machine of late, going for 42 before fouling out Thursday. He had 50 against Houston on Monday and is averaging 37.5 points over his last five games. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Current Miami Dolphins wide receiver and former Denver Broncos player  Brandon Marshall  was sitting courtside. GOOD MOVE:  With Anthony fouled out, Nuggets coach  George Karl  put Afflalo in his All-Star's position for the last play and the guard came through with the game-winner. BAD MOVE:  Dallas couldn't get anyone to slow down Afflalo in the fourth, when he scored 19 points and kept Denver in the game. NOTABLE:  Karl is the third-longest tenured coach in the NBA now that Utah's  Jerry Sloan  stepped down. Karl took over the Nuggets in January 2005. UP NEXT:  For the Mavericks, Saturday @ Houston, Wednesday vs. Sacramento, Thursday @ Phoenix. For the Nuggets, Sunday @ Memphis, Monday @ Houston, Wednesday @ Milwaukee.  