  Hornets-Nuggets notebook   By Michael Kelly, for NBA.com Posted Monday January 10, 2011 12:52AM THE FACTS: Chris Paul  had 20 points and  David West  had 19 as the New Orleans Hornets beat the shorthanded Denver Nuggets 96-87 on Sunday Night. Denver played without  Kenyon Martin, Chris Andersen  and  Ty Lawson . QUOTABLE:  "Guys made big shots and big plays, and most of all, our defense is what won the game for us."    -- Paul on pulling away down the stretch. THE STAT: Carmelo Anthony  was held to eight points in what could be his last game with the Denver Nuggets. It was just the second time this season and third in the last three years he has failed to score in double figures. The last time he didn't score at least 10 points when healthy was March 13, 2005, against Phoenix. TURNING POINT:  After Denver wiped out nearly all of the Hornets' 19-point lead, West leaned into  J.R. Smith , hit a short jumper and drew a foul with 3:27 left. His free throw gave New Orleans a 91-85 lead and moments later Paul hit a 3-pointer to help hold off the Nuggets. QUOTABLE II:  "Not at all. Not at all. Not at all. Not at all. I just don't see that happening right now."    -- Anthony, when asked if this was his last game as a Nugget amid rumors that a trade will send him to New Jersey is imminent HOT:  West continues to put up good offensive numbers. He scored in double figures for the sixth straight game and 14th time in the last 15 games. NOT: Chauncey Billups  and Anthony were a combined 5-for-23 from the field on a night when the Nuggets needed their stars to shine. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT: Al Harrington  had another solid game off the bench. He scored 20 in his third game back after missing four with a dislocated right thumb. GOOD MOVE:  New Orleans forward  Trevor Ariza  locked up Anthony in the first half, holding Denver's leading scorer without a field goal and two points in 16 minutes. West guarded Anthony down the stretch when he missed two shots that would have kept Denver in it. BAD MOVE:  Coming out of a timeout after the Hornets went up 60-44, Denver committed a shot-clock violation. New Orleans responded with a three-point play to go up 19 with 8:51 left in the third. NOTABLE:  The Nuggets' 18 assists marks the third straight game they failed to have at least 20. They are 3-11 when recording fewer than 20 assists. UP NEXT:  For the Hornets, Wednesday vs. Orlando, Friday @ Atlanta, Saturday @ Charlotte. For the Nuggets, Tuesday vs. Phoenix, Thursday vs. Miami, Saturday vs. Cleveland.  