Notebook: Nets 104, Bucks 93 
 
 
 Jake Appleman, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Fri Dec 27, 2013 11:12 PM - Updated Fri Dec 27, 2013 11:12 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Nets notched their fourth straight win over the reeling Bucks, who dropped their eighth game in nine outings. 
 
 THE LEAD:   Getting ready for a road trip against three of the NBA's five best teams, the Brooklyn Nets (10-19) used a dominant first quarter to roll to an easy 104-93 win over the Milwaukee Bucks (6-23). Starting for  Alan Anderson  in an altered lineup,  Shaun Livingston  (20 points, six assists) shined while  Mirza Teletovic  (a career-high 19 points, six rebounds) played well after being shifted to the bench in favor of  Paul Pierce . All told, five Nets reached double figures as the Bucks struggled to score until the game was already in hand.   
 
 THE STAT:  Had the Bucks'  Nate Wolters  missed on the game's final shot, the Nets would have held an opponent to a season-low shooting percentage. Instead they had to settle for the Bucks hitting 37.5 percent of their shots.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  Jason Terry  (12 points) hit a few big shots late in the third quarter to help stake the Nets to a 16-point lead heading into the fourth quarter.  
 
 INJURY UPDATE:   Larry Sanders  scored 10 points, grabbed seven rebounds and blocked two shots in his return to action after missing 25 games following thumb surgery.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We had to focus on playing our game. And we did."  
 --  Mirza Teletovic 
 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "Yes, that was my mindset: to be as active as I could be with energy and then let everything else flow." 
 --  Larry Sanders 
 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Bucks coach  Larry Drew  spoke glowingly of  Giannis Antetokounmpo  before the game. Antetokounmpo led the Bucks in points (16) and rebounds (10). 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  U.S. Olympic Hurdler  Lolo Jones  and news anchor  Tom Brokaw  attended the game. 
 
 NOTABLE:  The Nets used their 13th different starting lineup. They used 13 starting lineups all of last season. .... No player in the game took more than 13 shots. .... The Nets connected on their first six 3-pointers and then missed their next eight. .... Pierce, Terry and  Kevin Garnett  reached double figures in the same game for the first time since being acquired in July. ....  Deron Williams  scored all nine of his points in the first quarter. ....  Andray Blatche  missed the game due to personal reasons. Nets coach Jason Kidd said Blatche would miss another three games.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Bucks, Saturday vs. Minnesota, Tuesday @ L.A. Lakers, Thursday @ Utah. For the Nets, Saturday @ Indiana, Tuesday @ San Antonio, Tuesday @ Oklahoma City.  
