  Notebook: Kings 104, Jazz 103 Posted Saturday March 31, 2012 12:48AM By Andrew Aragon, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  On the 25th anniversary of "The Shot," Sacramento Kings coach  Keith Smart  was destined to have another special night. This time, his underdog Kings played hungry and delivered a 104-103 upset win over the Utah Jazz on Friday night. Sacramento, far out of the playoff race, dealt a blow to Utah's postseason hopes and ended the Jazz's seven-game home winning streak. DeMarcus Cousins  was unstoppable, scoring 27 points while collecting 14 rebounds.  Marcus Thornton  complemented him nicely from the outside, scoring 26 points and draining three 3-pointers. Al Jefferson  led Utah with 27 points and 16 rebounds. QUOTABLE:  "Did I win on the 30th somewhere? Oh, now you reminded me! And we won by one didn't we? I knew the night was my night. No but seriously, I didn't think about it at all. My focus is so much on this team. I couldn't tell you what's happening in the (NCAA) tournament. My focus is 100 percent on this basketball team."   -- Kings coach Keith Smart on being reminded that the victory came on the 25th anniversary of "The Shot." He hit the game-winning basket, giving Indiana a 74-73 win over Syracuse in the NCAA championship game 25 years ago tonight. THE STAT:  The Jazz shot 52 free throws and had an 81.1 percentage in foul shots through three quarters. But they missed too many during the crucial fourth quarter, going 8-for-15 from the free-throw line in the final period. Jefferson had three of the seven misses. TURNING POINT:  The Kings played with more energy and greater urgency throughout the contest. They made six of their first seven shots and jumped out to a 13-4 lead. Sacramento, however, had to play from behind for much of the fourth quarter before tying the game at 101-101 when Cousins converted a three-point play. Cousins got the Kings their go-ahead point when he made a free throw with 3.8 seconds remaining to put Sacramento up, 104-103. Utah had a last chance to win, but a tip-in by  Derrick Favors  came after the final buzzer. HOT:  Cousins was in beast mode throughout the contest. He played with a lot of emotion and shot 11-for-22. He's had double-doubles in six straight games. He suffered a cut under his left eyebrow late in the third quarter and had to get stitches. He returned and made difference-making plays during crunch time. Sacramento has scored 100 or more points in its last nine games. Jefferson was Utah's best player, as he shot 11-for-21. NOT:  Favors will want to destroy the tape of this game if he has to watch it. He shot 0-for-13, setting a Jazz record for most shots in a game without a made field goal. He scored six points and contributed 14 rebounds.  C.J. Miles  started, got into early foul trouble, and made no impact on the game. He didn't score and shot 0-for-4 in 13 minutes. For the Kings, starting forwards  Travis Outlaw  and  Jason Thompson  combined to shoot 1-for-10. GOOD MOVE:  It may be WrestleMania weekend, but the officials made sure there was no NBA prelude to the big event. They called the game closely, whistling a total of 56 fouls between the two teams that were chippy with each other for much of the contest. The two teams combined to shoot 84 free throws. The Kings made the best adjustment in the game, playing zone against the 3-point shooting-challenged Jazz and slowed the contest down. QUOTABLE II:  "It was great, especially to come out with a win and have them all go home with a sad face."   -- Kings center DeMarcus Cousins on playing in Friday's hostile environment in front of Jazz fans. ROOKIE WATCH:  Sacramento's  Jimmer Fredette  played his second game in Utah as a King. The former BYU star was cheered by his loyal fans and booed by faithful Jazz fans. He didn't play well, scoring four points on 2-for-6 shooting in 16 minutes.  Isaiah Thomas  showed why Fredette spends so much time on the bench these days. Thomas started at point guard, and ran Sacramento's offense with an NBA-caliber efficiency. He had 19 points on 6-for-8 shooting, dished six assists and had four rebounds. Utah's  Alec Burks  scored 15 points, but had a costly mistake when he dribbled the ball out of bounds with 15.1 seconds remaining with the game tied 103-103. FANTASY WATCH:  Thornton has quietly become a high-end fantasy player. With his 26 points on Friday, he raised his average in his last eight games to 24.25 points per contest. He also had six rebounds against the Jazz. QUOTABLE III:  "It's a tough loss. We came out from the beginning and didn't have the energy we thought we would have. We were lethargic and let them hang around and I didn't think we executed our offense like we have been."   -- Jazz coach  Tyrone Corbin  on the loss. NOTABLE:  Kings guard  Tyreke Evans  went from not being listed on the medical report when Sacramento arrived in Salt Lake City to a game-time decision with back spasms about 45 minutes before the game started. He did not play. Smart admitted the team played his injury close to the vest after Evans' back tightened up on Thursday. UP NEXT:  For the Kings, Saturday vs. New Jersey, Monday vs. Minnesota, Tuesday vs. Phoenix. For the Jazz, Saturday @ L.A. Clippers, Monday @ Portland, Wednesday vs. Phoenix.  