  Lakers-Heat notebook   By Shandel Richardson, for NBA.com Posted Thursday March 10, 2011 10:56PM THE FACTS:  The Miami Heat defeated the Los Angeles Lakers 94-88 Thursday at AmericanAirlines Arena. The victory snapped a five-game losing streak. Heat forward  Chris Bosh  led the way with 24 points and nine rebounds. Guard  Dwyane Wade  scored 20 points while  LeBron James  added 19. It was the Lakers' first loss since the All-Star break, snapping an eight-game winning streak. Guard  Kobe Bryant  led four players in double figures with 24 points. QUOTABLE:  "It's one game. We certainly wanted to get over this initial hump but we want to keep on going. The important thing about a stretch like that is guys did not collapse."   -- Heat coach  Erik Spoelstra  THE STAT:  Despite facing the Lakers' talented frontcourt, the Heat were able to win the rebounding battle 46-37. The Heat received a surprised contribution from  Juwan Howard , who grabbed three rebounds in 10 minutes. Howard was called upon when Bosh got into early foul trouble. TURNING POINT:  With the score tied at 88, Wade stole the ball from Bryant with 1:32 remaining. Wade then threw an outlet pass to James, who finished with a slam dunk to put the Heat ahead. The Heat never relinquished the lead. QUOTABLE II:  "This was an opportunity to really just keep our composure and execute down the stretch, get stops when the pressure was on, make plays when the pressure was on. It was there the entire last three minutes. I think for our mind and our psyche, it was very important."   -- Chris Bosh   HOT:  Bosh delivered after requesting more touches in the paint. He came out aggressive early, finishing 10 of 17 from the field. It also allowed him to break from a recent funk, mostly during the five-game losing streak. He was coming off a 3-for-11 performance in Tuesday's loss to Portland. NOT:  Despite a strong start, Bryant somewhat faded down the stretch. He took a couple poor shots in the closing seconds. Bryant scored the Lakers' first 10 points, but finished just 8 of 21 from the field. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  James came close to another triple-double, finishing with 19 points, nine assists and eight rebounds. He struggled from the field, going just 7 of 17, but his secondary statistics still made him viable fantasy option. INSIDE THE ARENA:  Rappers  Snoop Dogg ,  Lil Wayne ,  Busta Rhymes  and  Birdman  and NBA Hall of Famer  Magic Johnson . GOOD MOVE:  With the Heat struggling in close games, Spoelstra turned things over to Wade in the fourth quarter. James had missed a couple game-winning shots during the five-game losing streak, but Wade was more effective. He scored eight of his points in the fourth quarter, including a short jumper that gave the Heat a four-point lead. BAD MOVE:  The Lakers experienced questionable shot selection in the fourth quarter, especially Bryant and  Ron Artest . Trailing by two, Bryant took a 3-pointer with several seconds left on the shot clock. Artest forced a couple shots, and missed a point-blank layup that would've tied the game. NOTABLE:  The Heat improved to 2-9 against the league's top five teams. That list includes the Lakers, Boston Celtics, Dallas Mavericks, San Antonio Spurs and Chicago Bulls. Both of the Heat's wins have come against the Lakers. UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Saturday vs. Memphis, Monday vs. San Antonio, Wednesday vs. Oklahoma City. For the Lakers, Saturday @ Dallas, Monday vs. Orlando, Friday vs. Minnesota.  