Notebook: Grizzlies 92, Spurs 90 
 
 
 Marlon W. Morgan, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Mon Apr 01, 2013 11:44 PM - Updated Mon Apr 01, 2013 11:44 PM 
 
 THE FACTS : The Memphis Grizzlies may have discovered their new closer. First, point guard  Mike Conley  delivered a game-tying 3-pointer with 30.7 seconds remaining in Monday night's game against San Antonio. Then, after a miss by  Tony Parker , Conley drove in for the game-winning layup with 0.6 seconds left to give the Grizzlies a 92-90 win at FedExForum.  It was the second game-winning shot of his career. Conley led the Grizzlies with 23 points, while Parker paced San Antonio, who was without  Tim Duncan, Manu Ginobili  and  Kawhi Leonard , with 25. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We actually had run the play similar to that a few plays before and I was open again. I told JB ( Jerryd Bayless ) if you get a chance, if you don't have a good look driving, I'm going to be out at the top of the key waiting on you. He found me and delivered the ball perfect. It was just routine, try to concentrate and knock it down."  --  Grizzlies guard Conley on his game-tying 3-pointer. 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Conley, the NBA's leader in steals with 164, entered tonight's game having at least one steal in a team-record 64 consecutive games, which also is the longest such streak in the NBA. That streak finally ended against the Spurs. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Every time the Grizzlies made a run in the second half, the Spurs had an answer. That was until the final two minutes. Memphis pulled to within 86-84, but Parker answered, hitting a jumper with 2:15 to play. But that wound up being the Spurs last field goal as they only managed a pair of Parker free throws the rest of the way. Parker missed what would have been a go-ahead shot with seven seconds left, then failed to get off a final shot when the Spurs inbounded the ball with 0.6 seconds left. 
 
 HOT:  Conley has become a consistent threat offensively in the last month. In March, he averaged 17.6 points and 7.2 assists, scoring at least 20 points during a three-game stretch. Against the Spurs, Conley was 11 of 17 from the floor, scoring 11 of his 25 in the fourth quarter, including seven in the final 2:37.  
 
 NOT:  San Antonio forward  Boris Diaw  failed to deliver a  Tim Duncan -like performance. Diaw replaced Duncan, who was out with a sore left knee, in the starting lineup, but had just seven points on 3 of 12 shooting, and only three rebounds.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I thought our guys played hard and competed well. We moved the ball and shared the ball. I thought offensively we made a couple of mistakes at the very end of the game and Conley made a great shot. A lot of times in the NBA that is what does it, decisions down the stretch in the last couple of minutes."  --  San Antonio coach  Gregg Popovich . 
 
 
 NOTABLE : While Conley finished the Grizzlies' fourth quarter rally, it was guard Jerryd Bayless who ignited it. Bayless scored 10 of the Grizzlies first 14 points in the fourth quarter, with his last jumper cutting the Spurs lead to 80-76. Bayless finished with 17 points off the bench. ... The Spurs couldn't buy a basket to start the game. They missed their first eight shots and fell behind 10-1 before Diaw finally connected on a jumper. But by the end of the quarter, they had tied the game at 21 and led up until Conley's game-winner... The Grizzlies tied their franchise-record for wins in a season with 50, which they also reached during the 2003-04 season. ... The Spurs have now lost back-to-back games for just the third time this season, and first since Dec. 17-18. They have not lost three in a row all season. Next up is a home game against Orlando on Wednesday.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Spurs, Wednesday vs. Orlando, Thursday @ Oklahoma City, Saturday vs. Atlanta. For the Grizzlies, Wednesday @ Portland, Friday @ L.A. Lakers, Sunday @ Sacramento. 
