Notebook: Suns 112, Jazz 101 
 
 
 Andrew Aragon, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Nov 30, 2013 12:54 AM - Updated Sat Nov 30, 2013 12:54 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  Phoenix Suns coach  Jeff Hornacek  won his first game in Utah, where he played and coached.  
 
 THE LEAD: Eric Bledsoe  returned from a six-game absence,  Markieff Morris  continued his breakout season and the Phoenix Suns had little trouble with the Utah Jazz on Friday night, beating them 112-101. 
 Morris had a game-high 23 points off the bench, while Bledsoe contributed 19 points and six rebounds. Markieff Morris, who has a career average of 8.2 points per game, shot 8-for-13 and scored more than 20 points for the fifth time this season. Bledsoe played for the first time since suffering a bruised shin against Brooklyn on Nov. 15. He missed his first two free throws and committed an offensive foul after entering the game late in the first quarter. But from there, he had his way against Utah's point guards.  
 
 Miles Plumlee  also had a nice game for Phoenix with 15 points and 10 rebounds.  Goran Dragic , who always seems to play well against the Jazz, had 19 points, nine assists and two blocked shots.  
 
 Marvin Williams  was Utah's top scorer with 18 points.  Alec Burks  scored 12 of his 16 points for the Jazz in the fourth quarter.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "When we share the ball, we're a really dangerous team."  
 --Suns guard Goran Dragic 
 
 THE STAT:  The Suns scorched the nets by shooting 65.5 percent in the game's first three quarters. Phoenix shot 64.7 percent in the first quarter, 61.9 percent in the second and a sizzling 70.6 percent in the third. The Suns didn't shoot well in the fourth quarter, but the game was decided well before then.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  Once the Suns built a double-digit lead, they were able to take and maintain control and mostly coast the rest of the way. The Suns went ahead 58-47 after a 14-4 run late in the second quarter. Plumlee sank a sweet hook shot and scored on a layup during the spurt while Bledsoe and Morris each buried 3-pointers. The run lasted a little less than five minutes and Utah shot 2-for-8 and committed two turnovers during the span.  
 
 HOT:  So many players shot the ball well for Phoenix. Of particular note,  Channing Frye  shot 5-for-7 with three 3-pointers and had 13 points in an efficient 22 minutes. Plumlee was nearly unstoppable near the basket as he shot 6-for-9. For the Jazz,  Derrick Favors  was a bright spot, shooting 6-for-8 for 15 points in just 25 minutes. 
 
 NOT: Gordon Hayward 's shooting woes continued. He was 4-for-10, and those numbers are actually an improvement from recent games. He was 13-for-53 in Utah's previous four contests.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We didn't give our best effort tonight, I didn't think."  
 --Jazz coach  Tyrone Corbin 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  The Suns played their style of basketball -- up-tempo, fun and fast-breaking -- and Utah simply couldn't keep up. Phoenix had a 19-6 edge in fast-break points through three quarters. In the half-court, the Suns took advantage of being faster than Utah and got open looks after running a lot of screen-and-rolls 
 
 BAD MOVE:  Utah's substitution patterns in the first half -- when the game was still within reach -- were curious.  Trey Burke  picked up his second foul with 7:19 remaining in the first quarter, and then sat until 2:40 remained in the second quarter. Hayward was also on the bench for much of the second quarter, sitting until entering with Burke. Meanwhile,  John Lucas III, Richard Jefferson  and  Jeremy Evans  played extended minutes. The game slipped away from Utah with some of its best players on the bench.   
 
 NOTABLE:  Hornacek, whose No. 14 was retired by the Jazz in 2002 after a stellar playing career, received a loud ovation from fans when he was introduced before the game. ... Brandon Rush  made just his second appearance in a Jazz uniform. After suffering a torn ACL on Nov. 2, 2012 as a member of the Golden State Warriors, he first played for the Jazz against Brooklyn on Nov. 5. He then sat 12 games before Friday, and finished with two assists and no points in 13 minutes. ... Andris Biedrins  saw his first action of the season for Utah, playing some garbage time in the fourth quarter. ... The Suns have made at least eight 3-pointers in eight straight games. ... It is the team's longest streak since doing it in 11 straight games in 2008. ...Phoenix improved to 7-0 when shooting more free throws than its opponent. The two teams play again in Phoenix on Saturday night.  
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Suns, Saturday vs. Jazz, Tuesday @ Memphis, Wednesday @ Houston. For the Jazz, Saturday @ Phoenix, Monday vs. Rockets, Wednesday vs. Pacers. 
