Notebook: Grizzlies 94, Magic 85 
 
 
 Marlon W. Morgan, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Mon Dec 09, 2013 11:52 PM - Updated Mon Dec 09, 2013 11:52 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Grizzlies made 10 3-pointers for the first time since canning 11 against the Magic in Orlando on March 3, 2013. 
 
 THE LEAD:  Orlando whittled a 23-point deficit down to four with two minutes to play before Memphis ended the game on a 7-2 run to hold off the Magic, 94-85, Monday night at FedExForum. The Grizzlies got their usual double-double from  Zach Randolph  with 19 points and 12 rebounds.  Jon Leuer  came off the bench to record his first career double-double with 16 points and 12 boards. The Magic were led by  Andrew Nicholson  and  Jameer Nelson  with 19 points apiece. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "I always preached every day I just wanted to make sure I stayed ready when my name was called and when my opportunity came I wanted to make the best of it and that's what I wanted to do tonight."  --  Grizzlies rookie  Jamaal Franklin , who had a career-high eight points. 
 
 
 THE STAT : Despite having a depleted roster due to injuries, the Grizzlies bench still managed to outscore the Magic's bench, 38-4. Orlando's only bench points were scored by  Jason Maxiell . The Grizzlies came into the game allowing their opponents bench to score an average of 32.9 points. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  What once looked like an easy blowout win for the Grizzlies got interesting late when Orlando went on a 12-2 run to pull to within 87-83 with 2:07 to play. After a Randolph free throw for the Grizzlies, the Magic had a chance to get even closer, but  Glen Davis  missed a running hook shot with 1:30 to go and Randolph scored on the other end to give the Grizzlies a seven-point cushion 
 
 HOT:  The Grizzlies shot a season-high .588 (10 of 17) from 3-point range.  Jerryd Bayless  led the way with 3 from long range while  Mike Miller, Mike Conley  and Franklin each had two. 
 
 NOT:  Orlando rookie  Victor Oladipo  had a tough shooting night. He was 4 for 11 from the floor, missing five of his six 3-point attempts, to finish with 10 points. Oladipo also had four turnovers. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "It's at the point where we can't even be mad. I'll never get used to losing. We just have to move on to the next game. I'm not paying much attention to anything other than the scoreboard right now. Maybe that's a problem. ... What is frustrating is the defensive lapses for extended periods of time. You get tired of repeating it. It's the same story. One of the only things that keeps you motivated right now is knowing we are only a quarter of the way done."  --  Orlando forward  Arron Afflalo  on the team's losing streak. 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  While Oladipo struggled, it was a coming out party for Grizzlies rookie Franklin. Franklin, who had played sparingly in just seven games this season, was pressed into duty with the injuries to  Tony Allen  and  Quincy Pondexter.  Franklin responded with a career-high eight points, which matched his total for the season. Not known for his shooting, Franklin was 3 of 5 from the floor, including 2 of 2 from 3-point range. ... The Magic have lost six in a row and are 1-10 on the road this season. ... Orlando had no offensive rebounds in the first half and finished the game with a season-low three. Meanwhile, the Grizzlies hauled in 52 rebounds, the third time this season they have had 50 or more.  ... The Grizzlies held a 51-30 halftime lead, which was an opponents' low for a first half for the Grizzlies. ... In addition to his 19 points, Nicholson also had 11 rebounds and tied a career-high with four blocked shots for the Magic. ... Grizzlies' rookie guard  Nick Calathes  had career highs in points (six) and assists (eight). ... The Grizzlies will miss Pondexter for the remainder of the season after he was diagnosed with a right foot stress fracture suffered in Saturday's loss to Golden State. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Magic, Wednesday @ Charlotte, Friday vs. Cleveland, Sunday @ Oklahoma City. For the Grizzlies, Wednesday vs. Oklahoma City, Friday @ New Orleans, Sunday vs. Minnesota. 
