  Magic-Warriors notebook   By Geoff Lepper, for NBA.com Posted Saturday March 12, 2011 2:35AM THE FACTS:   Monta Ellis  scored 39 points, dealt 11 assists and drained a career-high seven of a franchise-record 21 3-pointers as the Golden State Warriors survived coughing up a four-point lead in the final minute of regulation to beat the Orlando Magic, 123-120 in overtime Friday.  Dorell Wright  added a career-high 32 points, 25 after halftime, and went 8-for-11 from behind the 3-point arc for the Warriors, who erased a 21-point first-half deficit. Former Warrior  Jason Richardson  had a season-high 30 points to lead the Magic, but Orlando shot itself in the foot with 10 missed free throws. QUOTABLE:  "They have it in them to do it. It's just a matter of them growing to the point where it can be all the time. We'll shock some people and win some big games."    -- Warriors coach  Keith Smart . THE STAT:  The Warriors (21) and Magic (15) combined to make 36 3-pointers -- smashing the NBA's previous all-time record for two teams in a single game of 32. Phoenix had 18 and Seattle 14 in a 152-149 double-overtime win for the SuperSonics on Jan. 22, 2006. TURNING POINT:  Magic point guard  Jameer Nelson  appeared to have made a game-turning play with 24.9 seconds left when he stole a Warriors inbounds pass with Orlando down two points. But as Nelson drove towards what would have been a game-tying layup, he collided with a stationary Ellis, who earned the charging call that all but cemented the game for the Warriors. HOT:  Wright doesn't like to take extra shooting practice on gamedays, but did so Friday before shootaround at the request of coach Keith Smart. Wright, who was coming off a seven-game road trip in which he shot 8-for-35 (22.9 percent) from behind the arc, rediscovered his stroke after a slow first half, pouring home 25 points and seven 3-pointers in the second half and overtime. QUOTABLE II:  "They're so much of a great help defensive team and they protect the paint so well, it allows you to have so many open [3-point] shots I played in Stan's system for two years [in Miami], so I understand the system: If you swing the ball two times, the guy in the corner is always going to have an open 3. That's just how it is when you're a good defensive team. You've got to give up something."    -- Dorell Wright GOOD MOVE:  Orlando center  Dwight Howard  had 21 rebounds -- a season-high 17 at the defensive end -- but went 5-for-10 from the line and had only 13 points against a Warriors team that successfully went small against the Magic, playing  David Lee  straight up against Howard for long stretches. BAD MOVE:  After bursting out to a 53-32 lead with 2:53 left in the second quarter, the Magic -- who talked after a tight win Wednesday in Sacramento of not being able to flip the switch for the playoffs -- unaccountably slacked off, allowing the Warriors to shave seven points off the lead before intermission and giving Golden State plenty of momentum. It took the Warriors less than five minutes in the second half to wipe out the rest of the 14-point deficit. QUOTABLE III:  "To me, where the game was lost was the last three minutes of the first half. ... It was just [that] we let down. Right now, our team, we're at a point where we won't play 48 minutes. We will not."    -- Orlando coach  Stan Van Gundy . FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Magic forward  Hedo Turkoglu , who has been decidedly inconsistent since being reacquired by Orlando in December, provided a season-high 24 points, plus a career-high-tying five steals and two blocks. NOTABLE:  Magic shooting guard  J.J. Redick  did not dress after suffering a lower abdominal strain in the team's morning shootaround. His availability for the Magic's upcoming back-to-back in Phoenix and L.A. is in question. . . . With  Stephen Curry  notching 12 assists, it was the first time he and Ellis reached double-digits in assists in the same game. Lee almost made it a trio, finishing with a season-high nine assists. UP NEXT:  For the Magic, Sunday at Phoenix, Monday at Lakers, Wednesday at Milwaukee. For the Warriors, Sunday vs. Minnesota, Monday at Sacramento, Wednesday vs. Dallas.  