Notebook: Knicks 100, Celtics 85 
 
 
 Brian Robb, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Mar 26, 2013 11:28 PM - Updated Wed Mar 27, 2013 12:39 AM 
 
 THE FACTS:   J.R. Smith  had a game-high 32 points off the bench, helping the New York Knicks defeat the Boston Celtics 100-85 in a battle of two undermanned squads.  Carmelo Anthony  added 29 points and eight rebounds for the Knicks, who have now won five straight games, all coming without All-Star center  Tyson Chandler  (neck).  Jeff Green  had 19 points and 10 rebounds for the hosts in the setback, as Boston played without  Kevin Garnett  (ankle) and  Courtney Lee  (ankle) for the second straight game. It was Boston's fifth consecutive loss overall.   
 
 QUOTABLE:  "It's not easy winning in Boston. We played a solid forty-eight minute ball game. Everybody that played contributed to it. And I thought our defense set the tone in terms of how we played." 
 - -  Mike Woodson 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Knicks took advantage of a Celtics team playing without their best rebounder with Garnett sidelined. The visitors grabbed 15 offensive rebounds and turned those extra opportunities into 29 second chance points, compared to just six second chance points for Boston.    
 
 TURNING POINT:  New York broke open a 35-35 game with a explosive 14-0 run midway through the second quarter to build a double-digit lead. The Celtics were unable to recover from the outburst, cutting the deficit to no closer than seven points the rest of the way.   
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We just got to figure it out. Some nights we put four smalls on the court, and that's what it is. That's what you saw tonight. Guys have to do a better job rebounding, roles are expanding, you know for the guys, every year you have players that sit on the bench that want to play more. Well, here's the opportunity." 
 - -  Paul Pierce  on his teammates needing to step up due to injuries. 
 
 
 HOT:   Smith. New York's sixth man had one of the most efficient games of his season for Woodson. Smith hit 13-of-24 field goals, including several tough contested jumpers in 34 minutes of action.  
 
 NOT:   Jordan Crawford . The shooting guard made his first start of the season in a Celtics uniform. After providing a spark for the hosts in the first half with 11 points, Crawford's game took an ugly turn, as he hit just 1-of-5 shots in the second half. Crawford also committed five costly turnovers, all coming after intermission.  
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "We want to beat them.  Let's just be quite frank about them.  We always want to beat Boston.  New York in anything wants to beat Boston.  And when we do it it's a great feeling."  
 -- Anthony on his feelings toward the Celtics. 
 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Green. Starting in place of Garnett at power forward, the fifth-year forward posted his first double-double of the season with 19 points, 10 rebounds, along with five assists. It was Green's first double-double since April 2011.      
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:   Pablo Prigioni . The oldest rookie in the NBA continues to give the Knicks a nice boost since being inserted into the starting lineup. The savvy 35-year-old had seven points and dished out five assists in 30 minutes.  
 
 QUOTABLE IV:  "It's their fault.  They lost.  There were talks and negotiations, they chose not to do it.  It was out of my control.  I'm a Knick now, so they lost." 
 --  Kenyon Martin  on the fact the Celtics had a chance to sign him this season, instead of the Knicks.  
 
 
 NOTABLE:   Garnett is expected to miss 2-3 weeks due to left ankle inflammation. ...Lee remains day-to-day with a sprained left ankle, but  Doc Rivers  said Lee likely wouldn't play Wednesday night against Cleveland. ... Chandler has missed seven straight games with a strained neck, but told reporters he's "close" to returning...With the victory, the Knicks have won both regular season games in Boston for the first time since 2003-04...Smith had 21 of his 32 points in the first half...The Celtics have now lost their past two games at home, after winning 11 in a row at the TD Garden.      
 
 UP NEXT:  For New York, Wednesday vs. Memphis, Friday vs. Charlotte, Sunday vs. Boston. For Boston, Wednesday @ Cleveland Friday vs. Atlanta, Sunday @ New York.      
