  Notebook: Grizzlies 105, Nets 100 Posted Wednesday February 15, 2012 10:47PM By Abe Schwadron, for NBA.com THE FACTS: Deron Williams  scored 26 points, but had zero in the fourth quarter as the New Jersey Nets were burned by turnovers late in a 105-100 loss to the Memphis Grizzlies at home.  Rudy Gay  had 25 points and  Marreese Speights  finished with 20 points and 18 rebounds for the Grizzlies, who scored 22 fast break points and improved to 16-14 on the year. QUOTABLE:  "Speights really hurt us on the boards tonight.  Tony Allen  was all over the floor. He hit probably one of the few threes he's hit all year."   -- Nets coach  Avery Johnson THE STAT:  New Jersey lost despite shooting better than 50 percent from the field and going 15-for-15 from the free throw line. TURNING POINT:  The Nets led by one with just under three minutes to play, before Allen hit his only 3-pointer of the night to give Memphis a two-point lead. Down two points with 2:39 to play, New Jersey turned the ball over on three consecutive possessions (two by Deron Williams) and the Grizzlies took a 99-93 lead on back-to-back buckets by Allen and Gay. The Nets finished with 20 turnovers for the game. QUOTABLE II:  "They changed how they were playing me. They definitely trapped me a little bit more in the second half, tried to get the ball out of my hands, make things difficult for me, and I missed a lot of shots."   -- Nets point guard Deron Williams HOT:  Even with the New Jersey crowd taunting him, Allen sparked the Grizzlies on both ends of the floor. He filled up the box score with 21 points, five steals, four rebounds and three assists, and was a menace on the defensive end, wreaking havoc and forcing turnovers. He also had one showtime move on the fast break in the third quarter, faking a behind-the-back pass a la  Rajon Rondo  before keeping it himself for a layup. NOT: DeShawn Stevenson . Maybe it was rust (Stevenson missed the previous seven games) or maybe he's still not totally healthy (knee pain), but Stevenson shot 0-for-5 for zero points, and missed all three of his 3-point attempts in 18 minutes of action. He finished with as many fouls (two) as he did assists. GOOD MOVE:  After racking up just 15 points and 16 rebounds in his past two games combined,  Lionel Hollins  kept Speights on the floor for 38 minutes, and he delivered a huge game, as he shot 10-for-13 and six of his 18 boards came on the offensive glass. BAD MOVE:  Johnson trotted out the 15th different starting lineup the Nets have employed this season, and the lack of chemistry was clear at times. The shake-ups have been due primarily to injuries, and New Jersey suffered another one when  Jordan Farmar  was a late scratch with a strained right groin. QUOTABLE III:  "We couldn't guard them for a stretch and they took the lead on us. We just kept battling and battling, until we could find something that we could do. We threw the ball down into the post. The Nets had small guys in the wrong spots at the wrong times."   -- Hollins INSIDE THE ARENA:  Both teams came into the game with 0-2 records while wearing their throwback ABA uniforms, which were on display at the Prudential Center. Memphis snapped the curse of the Tams jerseys, while the New York Nets unis have still yet to bring New Jersey a victory. NOTABLE:  One-time Grizzlies forward  Andre Emmett  made his Nets debut after getting the call-up from the D-League's Reno Bighorns. With New Jersey hampered by injuries, he played 15 minutes, contributing four points, one rebound and one blocked shot. UP NEXT:  For the Nets, Thursday @ Indiana, Saturday @ Chicago, Sunday vs. Milwaukee. For the Grizzlies, Friday vs. Nuggets, Saturday vs. Warriors, Monday @ Houston.  