Notebook: Pacers 99, Pistons 91 
 
 
 Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Wed Nov 06, 2013 12:01 AM - Updated Wed Nov 06, 2013 12:01 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Pacers have defeated the Pistons six consecutive times, winning the last five by an average of 17.6 points.  
 
 THE LEAD:  Forward  Paul George  had 31 points, 10 rebounds, four assists and four steals to lead the Indiana Pacers, the NBA's only unbeaten team, to a 99-91 victory over the Detroit Pistons on Tuesday at The Palace. Guard  C.J. Watson  supplied 15 points, forward David West contributed 12 points and eight rebounds and center  Roy Hibbert  had eight points, 10 rebounds and seven blocks for Indiana. Point guard  Brandon Jennings , making his first start for the Pistons, had a team-high 17 points and six assists. Jennings came off the bench in his Detroit debut against Boston on Sunday after missing the first two games with a partially fractured jaw. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We had to get back to sharing the ball. We were making a lot of one-on-one plays and we were getting really pressured out up top and just not getting into our offense. We had to calm things down and get the ball moving and get ourselves moving because they're a good team when you allow them to load up on you." 
 -- George on the Pacers' 61-point second half after scoring nine points in the second quarter  
 
 
 THE STAT:  9. This is the first time in nine seasons that the Pacers have gotten off to a 4-0 start. The last time the Pacers did it was 2004-05, when their season was marred by the infamous brawl at The Palace. Their first visit to the same building this campaign was much more pleasant and satisfying.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  Indiana took the lead for keeps with a 15-2 spurt early in the second half, which gave it a 55-46 advantage. Guard  Lance Stephenson  made a 3-pointer and a 20-footer during the outburst and George finished it off with an alley-oop dunk off a feed from Hibbert. George also made a jumper during the final minute of the quarter as the Pacers carried a 74-63 lead into the fourth. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "We all take pride in our defense. We're long and some of us are athletic, so that can really spark us to get out on the break. This is fun. We like playing defense and that leads us to good offensive possessions." 
 -- Pacers center  Roy Hibbert  on the Pacers' second-half performance 
 
 
 HOT:  George came into the game tied for fourth in the league at 25.7 points per game. He dazzled once again, making 12 of 18 field-goal attempts, including 4 of 8 from long range. George had 12 first-quarter points, went quiet in the second half, then erupted for 19 points after halftime.  
 
 NOT:  Pistons forward  Josh Smith  had 16 points, seven rebounds and three blocks but the bad outweighed the good. He missed 11 of his 16 field-goal attempts, including all but one of his six 3-point tries. He also didn't make an assist whiile committing a team-high four turnovers.  
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Detroit forward  Luigi Datome , the Italian League MVP last season, made his first NBA basket on a goaltend during the second quarter. Datome played 12 minutes but missed six of seven shots. Pistons guard  Kentavious Caldwell-Pope  had five points in just four minutes while Pacers forward  Solomon Hill  had five points in a five-minute stint. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Pistons second-year center  Andre Drummond  recorded his 100th career block in the first quarter and his 500th career rebound in the second half. ... Indiana coach  Frank Vogel  said point guard  George Hill , missed his second straight game with a sore left hip, could return to action as early as Wednesday when his team hosts Chicago. "He's close," Vogel said. "We thought he'd be available (Tuesday). He was still a little bit limited when he was moving in the shoot around." ... Detroit forward  Greg Monroe  contributed 14 points and 10 rebounds, his 70th double-double since 2011-12. ... Detroit F  Charlie Villanueva  was inactive because of a sore left shoulder. ... The Pacers shot 52.1 percent and out-rebounded Detroit 45-42. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Pacers, Wednesday vs. Chicago, Friday vs. Toronto, Saturday @ Brooklyn. For the Pistons, Friday vs. Oklahoma City, Monday @ Portland, Tuesday @ Golden State.  
