  Clippers-Pistons notebook   By Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com Posted Friday December 17, 2010 11:20PM THE FACTS:  Rookie forward  Blake Griffin  had 24 points and 17 rebounds as the Los Angeles Clippers won their first road game this season with a  109-88 victory over the Detroit Pistons. The Clippers snapped road losing streaks of 11 this season and 15 overall while the Pistons lost for the ninth time in 11 games. QUOTABLE:  "The first time you do something like that, you know how to do it and you know what it feels like. Now, we have something to build off of."    -- Blake Griffin after his first career road victory THE STAT:  The Clippers' starters dominated the Pistons' first unit, outscoring them 77-29. Forward  Ryan Gomes  and guards  Eric Gordon  and  Eric Bledsoe  combined for 45 points to complement Griffin's strong inside effort. The Clippers' starters were especially effective in the third quarter, when they scored 26 of the club's 29 points and stretched a five-point halftime lead to 80-62. TURNING POINT:  When the Clippers pulled away, they didn't need any assistance from Griffin. They scored 14 unanswered points midway through the third for a 73-56 lead and none came from L.A.'s super rookie. Gordon scored the first five during the run, Gomes made two 3-pointers and Bledsoe contributed a jumper and two assists. QUOTABLE II:  "This one hits home. We knew what was at stake and we laid an egg and embarrassed ourselves out there."    -- Pistons forward  Charlie Villanueva HOT:  Griffin continued his rampage through the league with seven dunks, though one was incorrectly scored a layup. He now has 60 this season and is challenging New York Knicks forward  Amar'e Stoudemire  for the league lead. Griffin's most impressive basket was a 360-degree spin move past  Tracy McGrady  along the baseline for a second-half layup. NOT:  Pistons starting guards  Richard Hamilton  and  Rodney Stuckey  combined for 40 points and 13 assists Tuesday in a 23-point victory over Atlanta. That duo had 10 points on 4-for-20 shooting, four assists and five turnovers against the Clippers. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Gomes scored 18 points, two shy of his season high, to break out of a shooting slump. He had scored just 21 points the past four games while going 7-for-26 from the field. INSIDE THE ARENA:  The lower bowl had the feel of an overseas base. The Pistons held "Military Night," allowing any former or current military member free entrance. Many of them sat courtside in the VIP seats. At halftime, a ceremony was held to swear in 100 Marine recruits. ROOKIE WATCH:  Bledsoe started in place of  Baron Davis,  who was slowed by an illness and missed the team's shootaround. Bledsoe played a solid floor game with 12 points and eight assists. He hit his first two 3-point attempts after making just eight of 33 entering the game. NOTABLE:  Detoit was the first home team that failed to score 100 points against the Clippers this season. L.A. had given up an average of 107.9 points per game. ... The Clippers' last road win was March 25 when they beat Houston 99-93. ... The Pistons have won 25 of their last 30 home games against the Clippers but have lost the last two. ... The Clippers outscored Detroit 58-30 in the paint. UP NEXT:  For the L.A. Clippers, Saturday @. Chicago, Monday vs. Minnesota, Wednesday vs. Houston. For the Pistons, Sunday vs. New Orleans, Wednesday @ Toronto, Sunday vs. Chicago.  