Notebook: Cavaliers 118, Magic 94 
 
 
 Dick Scanlon, For NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Feb 23, 2013 11:45 PM - Updated Sat Feb 23, 2013 11:45 PM 
 
 THE FACTS : The Cleveland Cavaliers scored 39 points in the fourth quarter with all of their starters resting and beat the Orlando Magic 118-94 Saturday night. 
 
 Marreese Speights  scored 14 of his game-high 18 points in the second half and led seven Cavaliers (18-37) in double figures.  Tyler Zeller  had 12  of his 16 points in the third quarter before taking a seat with the rest of the Cleveland regulars. 
 
 Kyrie Irving , playing on a sore right knee, put up 12 points and nine assists. 
 
 Beno Udrih, Tobias Harris  and  Doron Lamb , the players acquired from Milwaukee in a six-player trade on Thursday, came off the Magic (15-41) bench with a combined 24 points and 10 rebounds. 
 
 Arron Afflalo  scored 16 points for the Magic, who have lost five straight and 17 of 18. 
 
 QUOTABLE : "Coming out in the second half, we knew the things we needed to do, especially on the defensive end. That has to be our identity, first and foremost. Our defense has to lead to our offense, and that's what it did." 
 -- Kyrie Irving 
 
 THE STAT : Not a single one of the Magic's 11 active players was on the roster last season.  
 
 TURNING POINT : The Cavs had only a seven-point lead when  Tristan Thompson  missed two free throws with 6:45 left in the third quarter. However, Zeller rebounded the second miss, scored on a layup, and Cleveland ran off to a comfortable lead. 
 
 QUOTABLE II : "They picked up their defensive intensity, and we couldn't match them." 
 --Magic forward  Maurice Harkless 
 
 
 HOT : The Cavaliers' bench shot 74 percent (14-for-19) in the fourth quarter and rolled up 39 points. 
 
 NOT : In their 24 seasons in the NBA, the Magic have lost by 24 points or more at home 18 times. Six of those losses have come within the last 12 months. 
 
 GOOD MOVE : With road games coming up at Miami on Sunday and at Chicago on Tuesday, all of the Cavs' starters watched the fourth quarter from the bench. 
 
 QUOTABLE III : "Our bench guys did a heck of a job in the fourth quarter of not only maintaining but increasing the lead, so we didn't have to bring those guys back in. So they get some rest and get ready for a tough one in Miami." 
 -- Cavs coach  Byron Scott 
 
 
 BAD MOVE : Udrih played almost 27 minutes and Harris almost 24 minutes in their debuts, an indication of what condition the Magic are in. 
 
 IN THE ARENA : According to an announcement during a timeout, the Magic were selling  J.J. Redick  merchandise at 30 percent off. Redick was traded Thursday to the Bucks. 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT : Irving's sore knee could be a concern, although the Cavs downplayed it. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH : Eight of the 10 starters were rookies or second-year players . . . After taking a tongue-lashing from an assistant coach at halftime, Zeller dominated the third quarter . . . Magic rookies Harkless and  Kyle O'Quinn  had bursts in the first half, then disappeared. Harkless finished with a plus/minus of minus-38. 
 
 NOTABLE : Cavs forward  Omri Casspi  was taken to Orlando Regional Medical center before the game to be evaluated for acute abdominal pain . . . Harris took jersey number 12, formerly worn by  Dwight Howard . 
 
 UP NEXT : For the Cavaliers, Sunday @ Miami, Tuesday @ Chicago, Wednesday vs. Toronto. For the Magic, Tuesday @ Philadelphia, Wednesday vs. Sacramento, Friday vs. Houston. 
