
 Cavaliers-Wizards notebook   By Rich Dubroff, for NBA.com  Posted Friday April 1, 2011 11:56PM THE FACTS: Andray Blatche  tied a career high with 36 points and a career best 19 rebounds and  Jordan Crawford  had a triple-double with 21 points, 11 assists and 10 rebounds in the Washington Wizards' 115-107 win over the Cleveland Cavaliers on Friday night. Crawford started at the point in place of  John Wall , who was suspended for his role in a Wednesday night in the Wizards' loss to Miami. He joined Wall to make some NBA history. They're the first pair of rookies in league history with triple-doubles. Wall had his in the season's sixth game. JaVale McGee  added 25 points for Washington, losers of 18 of its previous 21 games. Ramon Sessions  led Cleveland with 26 points.  J.J. Hickson  had 21. QUOTABLE : "It's tough to be patient at times. It's frustrating."  --  Washington coach  Flip Saunders  on watching his young team work. THE STAT:  Blatche had 16 offensive rebounds, a franchise record. It was the most in the NBA this season. "Oh man, that's impressive," Blatche said. TURNING POINT:  The Wizards took the lead with a 14-0 run early in the second quarter to take a 68-61 lead. Cleveland got within a point, but Washington never lost the lead. QUOTABLE II:  "It wasn't really that physical at all. Guys like Blatche got so many offensive rebounds because I wasn't there being physical, I was just trying to get the rebound. I think I'm the reason we lost tonight but I guarantee you it won't happen again."  --  J.J. Hickson  on his responsibility for the Cavaliers' loss. HOT:  McGee was 11 for 15 from the field. He had eight rebounds as the Wizards outrebounded the Cavaliers 56-38. NOT:  Cleveland's  Baron Davis , exiled to the NBA's outback, was 4 for 12 from the field and missed six of his eight 3-point attempts. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  No one knew who Jordan Crawford was a month ago. After 39 points against the Heat on Wednesday and a triple-double now, a late-season acquisition might be wise. GOOD MOVE:  Saunders started his 28th different lineup. A D-League call-up, Othyus  Jeffers , made his first start and scored 13 points. BAD MOVE:  The Cavaliers allowing Blatche, Crawford and McGee grab 35 rebounds.  ROOKIE WATCH:  Besides Crawford's triple-double, Jeffers' unlikely 13, the three other Wizards' rookies, did not score.  Kevin Seraphin, Mustafa Shakur  and  Hamady N'Diaye  were scoreless in a combined 19 minutes. Luke Harangody  had 12 points in 31 minutes for Cleveland.  Christian Eyenga  had two points in 16 minutes.  Samardo Samuels  missed his third straight game with a sprained right wrist. INSIDE THE ARENA:  17,427 to watch two teams with a combined 34-116 record. That's about 1,500 fewer that came on Wednesday to watch the Heat. NOTABLE:  The Wizards became the first team since the 2003-04 Los Angeles Lakers to feature three players with triple-doubles in a season. Last month, McGee had a triple-double with 11 points, 12 rebounds and 12 blocked shots. UP NEXT:  For the Cavaliers: Sunday @ Knicks, Tuesday vs. Bobcats, Wednesday @ Raptors For the Wizards: Sunday @ Bobcats, Tuesday vs. Pistons, Wednesday @ Pacers 
