Notebook: Nets 130, Sixers 94 
 
 
 Jake Appleman, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Dec 17, 2013 12:14 AM - Updated Tue Dec 17, 2013 12:14 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Nets led from wire-to-wire, handing the 76ers their seventh straight loss in a 130-94 pounding that was highlighted by  Joe Johnson 's 29 third-quarter points. 
 
 THE LEAD:  After the Nets established early dominance by picking the Sixers apart with patient ball movement, Johnson's post-intermission eruption brought excitement to a blowout -- and a game missing two talented young players,  Brook Lopez  (sprained ankle) and  Michael Carter-Williams  (skin infection). Johnson (37 points) tied an NBA record with eight 3-pointers in a quarter and helped an aggressive, probing  Deron Williams  set a season-high with 13 assists, including seven in the third quarter.  
 
 THE STAT:  The Nets assisted on 74.5 percent of their made field goals and the team's 35 assists were a season-high.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  Every Nets starter contributed in a 20-7 run to open the game.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "My teammates kept telling me, 'When you catch it, shoot it.'" 
 -- Joe Johnson 
 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "He had 29 in a quarter? Oh my God."  
 -- Deron Williams, on Johnson 
 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "I think we are just being exposed. We can't guard anybody."  
 -- Sixers coach  Brett Brown 
 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA: Paul McCartney  attended the game. .... With the game out of hand, the crowd repeatedly chanted "We want Reggie!" for  Reggie Evans . Evans did not play. 
 
 NOTABLE: Mirza Teletovic  (11 points, five rebounds) started for the first time in his NBA career. The Williams-Johnson-Teletovic- Alan Anderson-Kevin Garnett  quintet was the 11th different starting lineup the Nets have used this season. .... The Nets set season highs in 3-pointers (21) and points in a quarter (42 -- third quarter). .... Williams set an NBA record with nine first-half 3-pointers against the Wizards last March at home. ....  Andray Blatche  hit the 20-point mark for the third straight game. .... The Nets shot over 60 percent over an entire game for the first time since Feb. 5, 2009 against Washington.    
 
 UP NEXT:  For the 76ers, Friday vs. Brooklyn, Saturday @ Milwaukee, Dec. 28 @ Phoenix. For the Nets, Wednesday vs. Washington, Friday @ Philadelphia, Monday vs. Indiana. 
