  Nuggets-Suns notebook   By Mike Tulumello, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday November 16, 2010 12:51AM THE FACTS:   Hakim Warrick  and  Hedo Turkoglu  led a 14-1 run by the Phoenix Suns to turn an 81-73 early fourth-quarter deficit into an 87-82 lead, then  Steve Nash  and Turkoglu each nailed a 3-pointer to seal a hard-earned 100-94 win over the visiting Denver Nuggets Monday night. In winning their 12th straight in Arizona over the Nuggets (5-5), the Suns (6-4) got a game-high 21 points from Warrick plus 10 points and eight rebounds by fellow reserve forward  Josh Childress .The Suns, who nailed a stunning 22 3-pointers the previous night in Los Angeles vs. the Lakers (one short of an NBA record) hit only 4-for-20 from long range vs. the Nuggets. They survived by limiting the Nuggets to 42 percent shooting.The Nuggets' Carmelo Anthony, guarded by Grant Hill, shot only 7-for-19, though he grabbed a game-high 22 rebounds. QUOTABLE:  "This is probably the best win we've had in a long, long time from a total defensive aspect ...  Channing Frye  is working his butt off."  --  Suns coach  Alvin Gentry THE STAT:  The Suns limited the Nuggets to 30 percent shooting in the second half. George Karl, the disappointed Nuggets coach, said, "This should be the headline: Pass the damn ball ..." TURNING POINT:  The Suns used their superior firepower off the bench to turn this game around. They'd shot only 35 percent in the first half, but -- with reserves Warrick and Childress playing key roles -- hit 11 of their first 17 shots in the final quarter. QUOTABLE II:  "Hakim is finding his niche on this team as a screen-and-roller. He's also a better post-up player than I had anticipated."   --  Gentry on Warrick GOOD MOVE:  Gentry stuck with Turkoglu after the new Suns' player shot 0-for-5 in the first three quarters. Gentry also put Turkoglu, the team's starting power forward, back at his old "three" spot and gave him ball-handling duties when backup point guard  Goran Dragic  struggled. Turkoglu rewarded him by leading the Suns' comeback. "That was nice of him," Turkoglu said. "I keep my head up. In the fourth quarter, I was able to do the things I'm good at ... pick-and-rolling, what I did most of my career." BAD MOVE:  The Nuggets  J.R. Smith  did not play after arriving late for the team's shootaround. NOTABLE:  At 38, Hill seems to know zero age limitations. He is averaging 18 points on 63 percent shooting on the second night of back-to-back situations after only averaging 9.5 points on 44 percent shooting last year. "I've gotten smarter with some of the things I do," said Hill, adding he wakes up earlier, works out lightly and gets in one more meal instead of "sleeping all day" in these situations.Gentry, who has coached Hill for eight seasons, said, "He's probably as healthy and athletic as he's been since the first year or two in Detroit." Karl called Hill "one of the most athletic wings" in the league. UP NEXT:  The next three games for each team, in this format. For the Nuggets, Tuesday vs. Knicks, Thursday @ Portland, Saturday vs. Nets. For the Suns, Wednesday @ Miami, Thursday @ Orlando, Saturday @ Charlotte.  