  Hawks-Hornets notebook   By Matt Winkeljohn, for NBA.com Posted Friday January 21, 2011 11:25PM THE FACTS: Chris Paul  scored a game-high 16 points and New Orleans put a historic whipping on the undermanned Hawks 100-59 Friday in Atlanta for the Hornets' seventh consecutive win. Missing starters  Al Horford  (sprained right ankle) and small forward  Marvin Williams  (back contusion), Atlanta trailed 49-34 at halftime -- matching their least productive first half of the season. It got worse when the Hawks scored a season-low 11 points in the third quarter as they looked nothing like the team that won in overtime Tuesday at Miami.  David West  and  Marco Belinelli  added 15 points each for the Hornets, who out-rebounded Atlanta 55-32.  Jamal Crawford  scored 14 off the bench for Atlanta, whose starters combined for 29 points. The 59 points scored by Atlanta were the fewest in a home game since the team moved from St. Louis 42 years ago. The previous low came in a 73-63 loss to Cleveland in 1996. QUOTABLE:  "We came out and just laid an egg. I'd be lying if I said games like this are easy to forget. But if you lose by 40, it's still a loss. You just have to move on. It's not like football where we have to wait a week. We have an opportunity [Saturday, at Charlotte]."   --  Hawks guard Jamal Crawford. THE STAT:  The Hawks shot a season-low 29.1 percent, including 9-of-38 (23.7 percent) in the second half. They missed 26 of their first 30 shots after halftime. TURNING POINT:  The Hornets iced the game over the 5:33 of the second quarter and the first 7:12 of the third. Trailing 29-28, New Orleans took the lead for good on a layup by West. That started a 40-9 run up to the 4:48 mark of the third quarter when  Emeka Okafor 's alley-oop from Paul gave New Orleans a 70-38 lead. QUOTABLE II:  "We were able to sit the starters and get ready for tomorrow [against the visiting Spurs], and to hold that team to 59 points and 29 percent shooting that says a lot about our defense."    -- Hornets coach Monty Williams, whose team entered the game allowing the second-fewest points in the league (92.2) while allowing the fewest second-chance points (10.14, 6 Friday). HOT:  Hornets reserve center  D.J. Mbenga  had season highs of six points and seven rebounds. . . . New Orleans made 20 of 22 free throws. NOT:  Atlanta made just three of 20 shots during the Hornets' 40-9 run, missing five from six feet or closer. . . . Hawks guard  Mike Bibby  missed all seven of his shots. . . . Atlanta's  Joe Johnson  scored just nine points, and missed all three of his 3-pointers to stretch a 3-point skid to 1-of-16 over the past three games. He's made 12 of his last 36 shots overall.  GOOD MOVE:  With Horford out, and  Jason Collins  not much of an offensive threat, the Hornets were able to better defend the perimeter and the Hawks' shooting totals showed it. They made 2-of-16 3-pointers over the first three quarters yet continued to jack up shots at the expense of attacking the basket. New Orleans outscored the Hawks 36-28 in the paint. ROOKIE WATCH:  New Orleans rookie  Quincy Pondexter  made his first start as Hornets small forward  Trevor Ariza  rested with tendinitis in his right ankle. He made the most of it. After playing a total of 47 minutes over the previous five games, Pondexter scored New Orleans' first five points and finished with seven points, three rebounds, two assists and a steal without a turnover in 27:32. Hornets coach Monty Williams also credited his defense on Atlanta' Joe Johnson. ... The play of the game came when Hawks rookie forward  Jordan Crawford  leaped to intercept a Chris Paul alley-oop pass, pushed the ball hard the other way, passed to Jamal Crawford, and then threw down an alley-oop pass with 1:28 left in the third quarter. Unfortunately for Atlanta, that merely cut the Hornets' lead to 70-45. Jordan Crawford made just 2-of-9 shots for six points with three turnovers in more than 20 often-spastic minutes. NOTABLE:  Atlanta coach  Larry Drew  said, "We don't know yet," when asked if Horford would make the trip to Charlotte for Saturday's game against the Bobcats. ... Collins, who made his 17th start of the season for the Hawks -- this time because of Horford's sprained ankle -- was ejected with 11:11 left in the third quarter when he was whistled for a Flagrant II foul after hacking West. The two had received technicals earlier in the game after jawing at each other.  Zaza Pachulia  picked up the bulk of work in his absence only to pitch in two points and three rebounds in 24:11, and rarely-used center-forward Etan Thomas scored four points in 9:05 played. ... The Hawks did not cross the 50-point threshold until 2:57 remained left in the game. . . . UP NEXT:  For the Hornets, Saturday vs. Spurs, Monday vs. Thunder, Wednesday @ Warriors. For the Hawks, Saturday @ Bobcats, Wednesday @ Bucks, Friday vs. Knicks.  