Notebook: Wizards 106, Pistons 99 
 
 
 Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Dec 31, 2013 12:02 AM - Updated Tue Dec 31, 2013 12:02 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  Washington has recorded two victories in three nights over Detroit after losing seven straight to the Pistons. 
 
 THE LEAD:  Point guard  John Wall  had 29 points, his career-high seventh straight game with at least 20 points, as the Washington Wizards downed the Detroit Pistons 106-99 on Monday at The Palace of Auburn Hills.  
 Forward  Trevor Ariza  supplied 15 points, 11 rebounds, four assists and six steals for the Wizards (14-14), who erased a 12-point, second-half deficit to win for the fifth time in six games. Forward  Greg Monroe  led the Pistons (14-19), who have lost five of their last six, with 22 points and 10 rebounds. Center  Andre Drummond  had 16 points and 16 rebounds, while guard  Brandon Jennings  added 15 points and 14 assists. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "Most of their points came on second-chance points. They killed us in the paint, so we just had to gang rebound. That's how we beat them Saturday, by keeping them off the boards." 
 -- Washington's John Wall  
 
 
 THE STAT:  Zero. Wall scored nine points with two assists in the fourth quarter, when Washington outscored Detroit 28-12. But he felt his most significant contribution down the stretch was his lack of turnovers. He made five in the first three quarters but none during the 7:36 he played down the stretch. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Wizards crushed the Pistons 106-82 on Saturday night in Washington, but needed a boost from their bench to turn things around on Monday. With five reserves on the floor, Washington scored 14 unanswered points late in the third and the beginning of the fourth to gain an 89-87 lead. Swingman  Martell Webster  capped the outburst with a 3-pointer.  
 
 HOT:  Ariza has gained a reputation as a Pistons killer. In 17 career games against them entering this one, he was averaging 11.2 points on 51.9-percent shooting from the field, including a 42.1 percent success rate on 3-point tries. The latter two figures are his best against any team. He was a stat-stuffer in his 36 minutes on Monday, leading the team in rebounds and tying his career high in steals. He shot 5-for-11 from the field and 3-for-7 from long range. 
 
 NOT:  Pistons forward  Josh Smith  and guard ennings took 12 of the team's 15 shots during the fourth quarter and made just two of them. They also combined for three turnovers. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  Pistons guard  Kentavious Caldwell-Pope  scored a career-high 17 points but none after halftime. He had scored just 13 points in his previous five starts. Rookie forward  Otto Porter Jr.  scored a season high seven points 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "[Otto's] is coming along. I felt the last couple of games, he's played with some aggression and it shows. That's how he's got to continue to play. I see a little comfort in his eyes now, rather than the deer in the headlights situation." 
 -- Wizards coach  Randy Wittman 
 
 
 NOTABLE:  Detroit's three double-doubles on Monday gave it 48 for the season. ... Pistons guard  Rodney Stuckey  missed the game due to a sore right shoulder. He sat out two games earlier in the month with the same injury. ... Washington begins a three-game homestand against the Dallas Mavericks on New Year's Day. Detroit gets a rare five-day break before playing the Memphis Grizzlies at home on Sunday afternoon. ... The Pistons are 0-13 when opponents shoot 50 percent or better. Washington shot exactly 50 percent. ... Washington reserve center  Nene  had 11 points, six rebounds and five assists. ... The Pistons scored 20 second-chance points in the first half but just seven off four offensive rebounds after halftime. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Wizards, Wednesday vs. Dallas, Friday vs. Toronto, Sunday vs. Golden State. For the Pistons, Sunday vs. Memphis, Tuesday @ New York, Wednesday @ Toronto. 
