  Warriors-Rockets notebook   By Matt Miller, for NBA.com Posted Thursday March 24, 2011 12:57AM THE FACTS:  The Houston Rockets did not need much defense to dispose of the Golden State Warriors Kevin Martin  scored a team-high 34 points and  Courtney Lee  added 25 points on 10-for-16 shooting, as the Rockets continued their late-season playoff push with a 131-112 victory over Golden State on Wednesday at Toyota Center. Despite winning its last five games to move to a season-best four games above .500, Houston (38-34) still sits two games behind the Memphis Grizzlies for eighth place in the Western Conference."  Dorell Wright  poured in a career-high 34 points, distributed six assists and pulled down five rebounds to pace the Warriors (30-42), who lost their sixth game in a row overall and on the road. Golden State nailed 51.1 percent of its shots, including 46.7 percent from behind the arc, but was never in control of this contest. THE STAT:  The offensively challenged  Chuck Hayes  posted his first career triple-double, an event that may be more rare than a blue moon. Hayes, who finished with 13 points, 14 rebounds and 11 rebounds, has now recorded one more triple-double this season than stars such as  Steve Nash ,  Chris Paul  and  Deron Williams . QUOTABLE:  "That was the hardest point of my lie. I felt like I was stuck at nine [points] for like two days."  --  Hayes on the pressure he felt when attempting to score his 10th point of the game and complete the triple-double. TURNING POINT:  The teams were deadlocked at 57 with 2:20 remaining in the second quarter when Lee and Martin combined for nine consecutive points to send the Rockets into halftime with the momentum and a 66-57 lead. Houston used team play to carry that surge into the third quarter, assisting on all 11 of its field goals en route to a 34-point period. QUOTABLE II:  "This is a painful situation we're in, but we have to go through this so we can move to the next spot [in our development]."  --  Warriors coach  Keith Smart  on the lessons his team can learn from losing. HOT:  Wright shot 66.7 percent (14-for-21) from the field and 3-for-6 from 3-point range. He has drained 14 of his 35 attempts (40.0 percent) from behind the arc over the last five games. NOT:  The reigning Western Conference Player of the Week,  Kyle Lowry , fell in love with the outside shot but could not find any range. Nine of his 13 attempts came from behind the arc, where he finished 1-for-9. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Martin delivered a terrific performance for his fantasy owners as he connected on 12 of his 21 shots, including four of seven from long range, to go with three boards and two assists. GOOD MOVE:  Golden State coach Keith Smart left Ellis on the court after he picked up two early fouls, but it did not come back to bite the Warriors. Ellis avoided foul No. 3 for the final 15 of his 20 first-half minutes, which is one reason Golden State stayed within striking distance throughout the first half. ROOKIE WATCH:   Epke Udoh  scored nine points and pulled down five rebounds in 33-plus minutes, but he failed to keep  Luis Scola  (20 points, 10 rebounds) out of the paint and off the scoreboard. Udoh often found himself rotating to cover holes in Golden State's defense, which partially accounted for his inability to limit Scola's production. NOTABLE:  Golden State has lost six straight road games to Houston and 11 of its last 12 meetings with the Rockets...Wednesday's defeat clinched the Warriors' third straight losing season and their 15th in the last 17 years...Golden State fell to 4-18 on the road this season against the Western Conference...Houston improved to 16-5 when it connects on at least 10 3-pointers...The Rockets moved to 16-6 when Lowry hands out at least eight assists...Houston finished its season-high six-game homestand 5-1...The Rockets won for only the fifth time this season when allowing at least 100 points. UP NEXT:  For the Warriors, Friday vs. Toronto, Sunday vs. Washington, Tuesday @ Oklahoma City. For the Rockets, Sunday @ Miami, Tuesday @ New Jersey, Wednesday @ Philadelphia.  