Notebook: Celtics 107, Raptors 89 
 
 
 Brendan Jackson, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sat Nov 17, 2012 4:34 PM - Updated Sat Nov 17, 2012 4:34 PM 
 
 THE FACTS:  The Boston Celtics blew out the Toronto Raptors 107-89 behind impressive performances from the Celtics starting backcourt. Celtics point guard  Rajon Rondo  dished out 20 assists and shooting guard  Jason Terry  provided much of the scoring as he finished with a game-high 20 points. The Raptors, now 2-7 to start the season, really needed more out of their starting front court as  Andrea Bargnani ,  Dominic McGuire , and  Jonas Valanciunas  combined for 20 points and 8 rebounds. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "You know, [Rondo's] a tough one. I sit with a lot of coaches and we brainstorm how to guard him and I love hearing them because I know the wrong ones."
-- Celtics coach  Doc Rivers 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Celtics won by 18 points despite only scoring 1 fast-break point for the entire contest. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Celtics went on a 22-3 run that spanned the last three minutes of the third quarter and the first three minutes of the fourth. This effectively put the Raptors away as they were never able to close the gap to within striking distance.  
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "There's been a couple [like Rondo].  Jason Kidd  in his heyday,  Magic [Johnson]  all the time,  [John] Stockton . But think about it: I've named four or five guys. The league has been around a long time. So it's not a lot, and he's one of them. He's a rare bird. I mean, he really is."
-- Doc Rivers 
 
 HOT:  Jason Terry. The Celtics' biggest offseason acquisition scored a game-high 20 points on 7-10 shooting, 4-7 from behind the arc. Terry's long range shooting was key to the Celtics 22-3 run. 
 
 NOT:  Jonas Valanciunas. The Raptors rookie fouled out of the game after only scoring 3 points and securing 2 rebounds in 19 minutes. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:   Jared Sullinger .  The Celtics power forward rebounded after a brief and forgettable appearance in the Celtics' loss to the Brooklyn Nets on Wednesday to post his first career double-double (12 points, 11 rebounds). 
 
 NOTABLE:   After today's contest, Rondo's streak of 10 or more assists in a game has reached 33.  John Lucas III  had a nice game off the bench for the Raptors, scoring 15 points, and should remain the primary backup to  Jose Calderon  with  Kyle Lowry  still out with a foot injury. Lowry is still projected to be sidelined for the next two weeks. The Raptors have lost five of their last six games. The Celtics have won four of five. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Raptors, Sunday vs. Orlando, Tuesday @ Philadelphia, Wednesday @ Charlotte. For the Celtics, Sunday @ Detroit, Wednesday vs. San Antonio, Friday vs. Oklahoma City. 
