  Knicks-Pistons notebook   By Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com Posted Friday March 18, 2011 11:19PM THE FACTS:  The Detroit Pistons outscored the New York Knicks 29-17 in the fourth quarter to hand them their fourth loss in five games Friday, 99-95. Knicks forward  Carmelo Anthony  had just six points and was held scoreless in the second half. QUOTABLE:  "That's crazy and there's no excuse for that. You don't like having those kinds of nights but it happens. It wasn't like a lot of them were forced, just some miscommunications and some mishandled balls."   --  Knicks guard  Chauncey Billups  on his eight turnovers. THE STAT:  7-for-28, 6 turnovers, 24 points. The Pistons have the league's worst field-goal percentage by they have frustrated Anthony this season. In two games against them, Anthony has missed 21 of 28 shots and averaged 12 points.  Tayshaun Prince  and  Rodney Stuckey  hounded him Friday. It was Anthony's lowest-scoring output in a game that didn't involve an injury since Jan. 26, 2005, when Detroit held him to five points in 28 minutes at The Palace of Auburn Hills. TURNING POINT:  Reserve center  Chris Wilcox , who was on New York's roster two seasons ago, made the big plays down the stretch. He gave the Pistons a 97-95 lead by jamming home  Will Bynum's  missed layup. Wilcox defended the paint on New York's next possession and forced an Anthony miss, then kept the ball alive at the offensive end so that Tayshaun Prince could grab an offensive rebound. That led to clinching free throws by Bynum. QUOTABLE II:  "Out of respect to Detroit, they're a pretty good ball club but they're not in the playoff hunt and we are and we're trying to get a better seeding. To lose tonight was definitely not a proud moment for us."   --  Knicks center  Amar'e Stoudemire  on the loss. HOT: Charlie Villanueva  allowed the Pistons to climb back into the game after they gave up 17 unanswered points in the third quarter. He scored 11 of his 14 points during the final quarter, including three 3-pointers. NOT:  Ex-Piston All-Star Billups played one of his worst games on his former home court, committed four turnovers in each half. He had just 12 points and five assists. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Wilcox has actually improved his stats since going to the bench three games ago. He had 13 points and 12 rebounds Friday and is averaging 13.3 points and 6.3 rebounds during that span. GOOD MOVE:  Pistons head coach  John Kuester  went with a smaller look entering the fourth quarter, playing guards Will Bynum,  Ben Gordon  and Rodney Stuckey together. That spread out the floor and opened up some driving lanes, as their bench scored all of Detroit's fourth-quarter points. BAD MOVE:  The Knicks fell in love with the 3-point shot and failed to take advantage of Detroit's usual weak interior defense. They scored just 28 points in the paint, compared to the Pistons' 44. ROOKIE WATCH:  New York guard  Landry Fields  was held to nine points and four rebounds, while Detroit forward/center  Greg Monroe  supplied a modest eight points and five rebounds. NOTABLE:  Pistons guard  Richard Hamilton  missed the game to attend his grandfather's funeral. He was replaced in the lineup by  Austin Daye . That gave the Pistons one of the league's biggest starting backcourts in history with 6-foot-11 Daye flanking 6-foot-8 Tracy McGrady...After making a franchise record 20 3-pointers against Memphis Thursday, the Knicks made 12 on 31 attempts Friday... The teams' reserves combined for 98 points, including 54 by Detroit's bench. UP NEXT:  For the Knicks, Sunday @ Milwaukee, Monday vs. Boston, Wednesday vs. Orlando. For the Pistons, Sunday @ Atlanta, Wednesday vs. Heat, Friday @ Cleveland.  