Notebook: Jazz 109, Cavaliers 98 
 
 
 Andrew Aragon, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Jan 20, 2013 1:04 AM - Updated Sun Jan 20, 2013 1:04 AM 
 
 THE FACTS:  The Utah Jazz shook off a little court rust and sent the Cleveland Cavaliers home on a sour note.  
 
 Randy Foye  scored 20 points and  Derrick Favors  tied his season-high with 19 points as the Jazz pulled away from the Cavaliers in the second half of a 109-98 victory on Saturday night.  Al Jefferson  added 14 points and 11 rebounds for Utah, which returned to the court after having four days off between games.  
 
 Dion Waiters  had 23 points off the bench for the Cavaliers, who wrapped up a five-game road trip against Western Conference teams. Cleveland went 1-4 on the trip with its one victory coming against Portland.  
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We talked about having fresh legs and we wanted to come out and demonstrate that. I thought the guys did a good job of pushing the ball down the floor. The pace for the most part was good. After we got our legs back under us, I thought we did a good job."   
 
 -- Jazz coach  Tyrone Corbin  on his team's energy level after a four-day layoff 
 
 
 THE STAT:  The Jazz took advantage of a sloppy and cold-shooting Cleveland offense and were able to get out in transition and convert. Utah had 21 fast-break points against the Cavaliers, who were slow to get back on defense for much of the game. Cleveland, by comparison, had just five fast-break points.  
 
 TURNING POINT:  The Jazz were able to gain some separation from the Cavaliers early in the third quarter, going on a 9-0 run to take a 67-54 lead.  Jamaal Tinsley  hit a close-range jumper and made a layup, while Foye drained a 3-pointer and Jefferson had a dunk during the spurt. After the Cavaliers got within single digits,  Paul Millsap  converted a three-point play and  Marvin Williams  sank a 3-pointer following a sweet behind-the-back move and dish from Tinsley to put Utah back in command with a 75-60 lead.  
 
 HOT:  A few Jazz reserves had hot hands against Cleveland. Favors made his first seven shots before missing his last four.  Enes Kanter  had 14 points on 7-for-8 shooting before Jefferson razzed him in the locker room following the game about a wrinkled and hideous shirt he was wearing that featured questionable material (velvet?). ...  DeMarre Carroll  continued to show off his improved jumper as he shot 5-for-7. ... Tinsley, who figured to be overmatched against Cleveland's  Kyrie Irving , held his own and played an efficient game. He shot 5-for-7 and had 11 points and four assists. ... Waiters was listed as a game-time decision because of an illness, but he made the Jazz sick because they couldn't defend him. He was explosive and put Favors on a poster with a sensational dunk in the first half.   
 
 NOT:   Gordon Hayward  has arguably been Utah's best player in recent weeks, as he had scored in double figures in nine of the Jazz's previous 10 games. But he played one of his worst games of the season against the Cavs. He scored five points on 2-for-10 shooting in 24 minutes. ... Williams continues to struggle for Utah. He had five points and is averaging just 5.2 points in his last five games. ... Irving got off to a slow start and displayed a questionable shot selection. He missed six of his first seven attempts and finished 7-for-20. It was the fifth time in Cleveland's last nine games that he's attempted more than 20 shots. He finished with 18 points and nine assists. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I feel like when our guys want to get it going, we just don't. We talk about it. Coming out, guys were setting screens and I'm just trying to make plays for my teammates. Coming out in that third and fourth quarter, we just got softer."  
 
 -- Cavs guard Irving on the game's second half 
 
 
 GOOD MOVE:  Perhaps sensing the kill against a tired team playing the last of five straight road games, the Jazz elevated their play and energy and aggression levels after halftime. They outscored Cleveland 31-20 in the third quarter and wore the Cavaliers down by pounding the ball inside. Fourteen of their 31 third-quarter points came in the paint.  
 
 BAD MOVE:  When the Cavaliers had the ball, they resembled a mediocre college offense. They did a lot of standing around while watching Irving and Waiters try to make something happen. There was little continuity and unselfishness in their offense, and it showed as the team had just 20 assists. The Cavaliers entered Saturday's game ranked 29th in the league in assists per game at 19.34. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Cleveland's  C.J. Miles , who was drafted by the Jazz and played for them for seven seasons, had 12 points. He shot just 1-for-6 from 3-point range. ... The Cavaliers dropped to 1-20 when they trail at halftime and fell to 0-13 when their opponent shoots a better field-goal percentage. ... Utah has won five of its last six games. ... Jazz backup point guard  Earl Watson  had nine assists in 25 minutes. ... Utah has dished 20 or more assists in its last 11 games. ... The Jazz have defeated the Cavaliers six straight times. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Cavaliers, Tuesday vs. Boston, Friday vs. Milwaukee, Saturday @ Toronto. For the Jazz, Wednesday vs. Washington, Friday @ L.A. Lakers, Saturday vs. Indiana. 
