  Notebook: Warriors 101, Hornets 92 Posted Wednesday March 21, 2012 11:10PM By Larry Holder, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  Rookie guard  Klay Thompson  scored a career-high 27 points and forward  David Lee  added 25 points and 11 rebounds as the Golden State Warriors knocked off the New Orleans Hornets 101-92 on Wednesday night in the New Orleans Arena. It's the Warriors first win since trading away  Monta Ellis . QUOTABLE:  "The mindset is hopefully we understand how we have to play to give ourselves a chance to win. Being shorthanded and most nights the opposition is going to be deeper and more talented, honestly, but there's no excuse for us. We feel like we can win our share of basketball games and put together a run."   -- Warriors coach  Mark Jackson  before the game.  THE STAT:  The Warriors can specifically point to the 3-point shot as to why they beat the Hornets. Golden State went 14-for-29 from 3-point land (48.3 percent) in the win. And yet the Warriors still only shot 43.8 percent from the floor overall. TURNING POINT:  Hornets guard  Xavier Henry  appeared to change the momentum in the fourth quarter with a thunderous dunk along the baseline to cut the Warriors' lead to 84-79 with 7:27 remaining in the game. Golden State called a timeout after the dunk and then went on an 8-0 run. The Hornets were never in the game again. QUOTABLE II:  "I am not pleased. ... Normally, I sit up here and talk about what we didn't do, but they took us out a lot tonight. It's confusing. ... I just think as a team we didn't compete tonight. That usually doesn't happen with this team."   -- Hornets coach  Monty Williams HOT:  Lee and Thompson obviously were the catalysts for the Warriors, but you can't discount  Brandon Rush  coming off the bench. Rush added 16 points, including going 4-for-7 from 3-point land. Rush also blocked a shot front point-blank range by Henry during the team's 8-0 run in the fourth quarter. NOT:  The Hornets have struggled nearly all season with turnovers. Their penchant for handing the basketball away caught up with New Orleans once again as the Hornets committed 16 turnovers. FANTASY WATCH:  Hornets guard  Jarrett Jack  lit up the fantasy scoreboard against the Warriors. Jack tallied a triple-double with 17 points, 10 rebounds and 11 assists in the loss. A New Orleans point guard was the last player to tally a triple-double, but it's not who you'd think as  Darren Collison  on Feb. 19, 2010 against Indiana. NOTABLE:  Hornets forward  Carl Landry  didn't play Wednesday night despite practicing the previous two days as he attempts to return from a sprained MCL that's forced him to miss about one-third of the season. The Hornets sound optimistic that Landry can return to game action this week. ... Warriors rookie center  Jeremy Tyler  picked up his first career start in place of center  Andris Biedrins . Tyler scored four points in nearly 16 minutes. UP NEXT:  For the Warriors, Thursday @ Houston, Saturday vs. Sacramento, Sunday @ Portland. For the Hornets, Thursday vs. L.A. Clippers, Saturday vs. San Antonio, Monday @ L.A. Clippers.  