  Notebook: Blazers 94, Raptors 84   By Duane Watson, for NBA.com Posted Friday January 20, 2012 10:58PM THE FACTS:  In a game where both teams needed a win, the Portland Trail Blazers (9-6) defeated the Toronto Raptors (4-12) 94-84 at the Air Canada Centre. The Blazers have lost five of their last seven, while the Raptors have now lost seven games in a row. Despite the 10-point margin, the game was not as close as the score would indicate.  LaMarcus Aldridge  exploded for 33 points along with a career-high 23 rebounds and the Blazers enjoyed leads as high as 21 points in the game. While the Raptors brought the score to within eight points three times in the second half, the game was never in jeopardy. Raymond Felton  added 14 points for the Blazers while  Jamal Crawford  scored 10.  Marcus Camby  returned to action from an ankle injury and pulled down 10 rebounds.  James Johnson  made his second start of the season, leading the Raptors with a career high 23 points, followed by  DeMar DeRozan 's 22 and  Leandro Barbosa 's 17 off the bench. QUOTABLE:  "I thought our play was better, and I liked our start. I like the way we played defensively right from the start. We pretty much played that way for 48 minutes and we just got to continue to work our way out of this."   -- Blazers head coach  Nate McMillan . THE STAT:  Aldridge's 23 rebounds were the difference. His effort on the glass was one shy of the collective effort of the Raptors starting five. In addition, his nine offensive boards tipped the scales in the Blazers' favor helping lead to a 14-7 advantage in second-chance points. TURNING POINT:  At 10:21 of the first half the Blazers scored their first basket of the game and trailed the Raptors 4-3. They then went on a 27-10 run to close out the first quarter and led comfortably the rest of the way. QUOTABLE II:  "He doesn't get the attention that he deserves cause we're all the way in the Pacific Northwest, but his game speaks volumes and tonight just solidified that. He is the best power forward in the game if not he's definitely under consideration."   -- Blazers center Marcus Camby on LaMarcus Aldridge HOT:  Aldridge scored 23 points and grabbed 11 rebounds in the first half, despite going to the locker room with a strained back injury in the first quarter. The Blazers went to Aldridge early and often as he scored 10 of their 12 points to start the game, and he carried the team as he has for much of the season with another All-Star performance. NOT:  DeRozan's shooting woes continued, going two for 10 in the first half with only four points. DeRozan has been shooting .401 from the field for the season and hasn't been able to pick up the scoring load with  Andrea Bargnani  missing his fifth game with a calf injury. GOOD MOVE:  Raptors head coach  Dwane Casey  inserted Johnson into the starting line up for his second straight game and he responded leading all Raptors with a career high 21 points, six rebounds and tying a career high with four blocked shots. BAD MOVE:  Anyone that the Raptors threw at Aldridge. They had no answer for him tonight defensively, or collectively in keeping him off the glass. Aldridge had one less rebound than the entire Raptors starting line up. NOTABLE:  The Raptors 32 points in the first half was a season low. ... The last 20-20 performance by a Blazer was in 2003 ( Zach Randolph ). ... Aldridge's previous career rebounding high was 19. ... The Trailblazers have beaten the Raptors seven times in a row and four straight at home.. .. James Johnson tied a career high for blocks in a game with 4, and leads the Raptors with 1.43 per game. UP NEXT:  The Raptors go on the road facing the Clippers on Sunday, Tuesday @ Phoenix and Wednesday @ Utah. The Blazers are @ Detroit on Saturday, Monday vs. Sacramento and Tuesday vs. Memphis.  