Notebook:  Knicks 89, Pistons 85 
 
 
 Joshua Newman, for NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Jan 07, 2014 10:15 PM - Updated Tue Jan 07, 2014 11:08 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Knicks have now won back-to-back games for the first time since Dec. 5-6 when they defeated the Brooklyn Nets and Orlando Magic, respectively. The win also marks the first time the Knicks have won three out of four games this season. 
 
 THE LEAD:   Carmelo Anthony  scored 13 of his game-high 34 points in the third quarter to lead three Knicks in double-figures as they held on late to defeat the Detroit Pistons, 89-85, at Madison Square Garden. 
 
 Andrea Bargnani  finished with 13 points to go along with 11 rebounds, while  Raymond Felton  added 11 points and six assists in his first game back from a six-game injury absence. 
 
 Josh Smith  finished with a team-high 21 points, 12 rebounds for the Pistons, who trailed by 15 points entering the fourth quarter before cutting the deficit to one inside the final minute. 
 
 QUOTABLE:  "We're building, we're building something here. We're getting our confidence back, we're getting or aura back, our swagger back and that's something we've been missing this season."--  Carmelo Anthony 
 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "I expect [Anthony] to play like that all the time. I have seen him score so many points. When he shoots the ball like that, he is probably the toughest guy in the league to guard. He can score inside and outside. There isn't anything he can't do."--  J.R. Smith 
 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "We were pretty good defensively throughout the course of the game. We were very slow in that fourth quarter, but a win is a win and we will take it. We have to get ready for Miami on Thursday."--  Knicks head coach  Mike Woodson 
 
 
 THE STAT:  Felton's six assists were his most in a game since he dished out eight against the New Orleans Pelicans on Dec. 1. It was the sixth time this season he has had six or more assists in a game. 
 
 TURNING POINT:  A 15-0 run spanning three minutes, seven seconds midway through the third quarter featured 11 points from Anthony and turned a 49-47 Knicks deficit into a 62-49 lead at the 4:55 mark. Of those 11 Anthony points, nine of them came three 3-pointers on three consecutive offensive possessions. 
 
 HOT:  Anthony's 34 points marked his ninth game of 30 points or more this season and his first since going for 30 on Dec. 21 against the Memphis Grizzlies. In four games since returning from a three-game absence due to an ankle injury, Anthony is averaging 25.6 points per contest. 
 
 NOT:  The reigning NBA Sixth Man of the Year, J.R. Smith, has played poorly since the calendar turned to 2014. His six points on Tuesday evening marked his fourth straight game in single-digits. In the month of January, Smith is averaging 6.5 points on 32.2 percent shooting from the field in four games this month. 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  New York Giants defensive end  Justin Tuck , 4-time boxing world champion  Miguel Cotto , actor  Joel McHale  and actor  Kellen Lutz  sat courtside. 
 
 NOTABLE:  Felton returned from a six-game absence due to a strained right groin. Felton has missed 15 games this season with various groin, hamstring and back issues ...The Knicks' bench shot just 6-for-23 from the field, with  Amar'e Stoudemire   leading the way with a 3-for-9 showing ... Anthony went 6-for-7 from 3-point range as the six makes are a season-high. 
 
 UP NEXT : For the Knicks, Thursday vs. Heat, Saturday @ 76ers, Monday vs. Suns. For the Pistons, Wednesday @ Raptors, Friday @ 76ers, Saturday vs. Suns  
