Notebook: Celtics 116, Magic 110 
 
 
 Ken Hornack, For NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Nov 25, 2012 10:11 PM - Updated Mon Nov 26, 2012 12:02 AM 
 
 THE FACTS :  Paul Pierce  atoned for missing a jump shot at the end of regulation by hitting a tie-breaking 3-pointer in overtime as the Boston Celtics defeated the Orlando Magic 116-110. 
 
 Kevin Garnett  scored 24 points and grabbed 10 rebounds in the Celtics' (8-6) second overtime victory in as many tries this season. Pierce had 23 points, although his 3-pointer from the top of the key with 2:10 to go in the extra session represented his only points after the third quarter. 
 The Magic (5-8), who were attempting to improve to 3-0 on a five-game homestand, got 21 points from  J.J. Redick  and a career-high 14 rebounds from  Josh McRoberts  off their bench. 
 
 THE STAT :  Rajon Rondo  handed out his 10th assist with 9:49 to go in the third quarter on a 3 by Pierce. That enabled Rondo to tie  John Stockton  for the second-longest streak of games in NBA history with 10 or more assists (37). 
 
 QUOTABLE : "He has great vision, great understanding of spacing and his timing is unbelievable. ... He sees the play a majority of the time before the defense does and guides his teammates to the right spots. It's pretty to watch when you see it."  
 -- Magic coach  Jacque Vaughn  on Rondo 
 
 TURNING POINT : Garnett scored eight points, all off assists from Rondo, in the final five minutes of regulation after the Celtics had fallen behind 97-91. His 20-footer with 1:21 remaining tied the score at 102, and it remained that way down the stretch. 
 
 QUOTABLE II : "Our execution won the game for us -- and it should, honestly. We're a veteran team."  
 -- Celtics coach  Doc Rivers 
 
 
 HOT : For the second time in three nights,  Jameer Nelson  caught fire for the Magic in the third quarter. He was personally responsible for an 8-0 run over the final 1:23 that gave Orlando an 82-80 lead entering the fourth period. 
 
 NOT : Jeff Green, coming off a season-high 17-point outing Friday night against Oklahoma City, never got going offensively for Boston, missing all nine of his shots in 21 minutes off the bench. 
 
 GOOD MOVE : When Rondo was taken out after picking up his fourth foul, Nelson took advantage of being matched up against  Leandro Barbosa  to do much of his damage. 
 
 BAD MOVE :  Glen Davis  attempted an awkward-looking skyhook with the Magic down 111-108 in overtime. The Celtics grabbed the rebound resulting from the miss and got a fast-break layup from Rondo to increase their lead. 
 
 QUOTABLE III : "We put ourselves in a position to win, we just didn't close. It's not on any one person, but we have to go out there together and really be focused and execute. And that's what they did in the fourth quarter and overtime."  
 -- Jameer Nelson 
 
 IN THE ARENA :  Tony Battie , the center who spent the bulk of his 15-year playing career with the Celtics and Magic, was seated courtside. Just a few seats down from him was  another retired former Magic player,  Jason Williams . 
 
 
 FANTASY SPOTLIGHT : At halftime, Rondo seemed halfway to his first triple-double of the season with 10 points, five rebounds and nine assists. He finished with 15 points and 16 assists but, even with an extra five minutes, fell short in rebounds with nine. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH :  Jared Sullinger  played a sizeable portion of the third and fourth quarters for the Celtics and wound up with 11 points and six rebounds, all on the offensive end. For the Magic,  Maurice Harkless  made his third start in a row at small forward but had only five points and three rebounds in 15 minutes. 
 
 NOTABLE : The Celtics improved to 8-6 but are 6-2 with  Brandon Bass  and  Jason Terry  joining Pierce, Garnett and Rondo in the starting lineup. ... Less than seven minutes into the game, Vaughn had gone to a lineup consisting entirely of non-starters -- Redick, McRoberts, rookie  Andrew Nicholson ,  Gustavo Ayon  and ex-Celtic  E'Twaun Moore.  ... The Magic were 13-for-17 from the floor in the third quarter but only 6-for-19 in the fourth quarter and 3-for-13 in overtime. 
 
 UP NEXT : For the Celtics, Wednesday night vs. Brooklyn, Friday night vs. Portland, Saturday night @ Milwaukee. For the Magic, Wednesday night vs. San Antonio, Friday night vs. Brooklyn, Sunday night @ L.A. Lakers. 
