
 Bucks-Pistons notebook   By Dana Gauruder, for NBA.com Posted Friday April 8, 2011 11:42PM THE FACTS:  Center  Chris Wilcox  scored a season-high 27 points as the Detroit Pistons defeated the Milwaukee Bucks Friday night, 110-100. Reserve guard  Rodney Stuckey  added 22 points for the Pistons, who won their second straight. Guard  Brandon Jennings  led the Bucks with 31 points. QUOTABLE:  "We've got a couple of games left and I just want to finish up strong. I knew after the All-Star break I had to come out and be aggressive and help my team win a couple more games. It's been tough for us but we just kept playing hard and guys are starting to recognize me and starting to feed me more."   -- Wilcox on his big night. THE STAT : 54-0. Milwaukee center  Andrew Bogut  was declared out for the remainder of the season prior to the game with lingering pain in his surgically-repaired right elbow. Without him, the Bucks' starting frontcourt was punchless. The trio of  Jon Brockman ,  Luc Mbah a Moute  and  Carlos Delfino  failed to score, missing a combined 12 field-goal attempts, while their counterparts combined for 54 points, led by Wilcox's 27. TURNING POINT : Leading by two early in the third quarter, the Pistons stretched out their advantage with a 17-5 run. Wilcox had nine of those points while Richard Hamilton got it started with a 20-foot jumper and also fed Tayshaun Prince for an alley-oop dunk. That made it 72-58 and Milwaukee never got closer than four again. QUOTABLE II:  "That's what the fans want and that's what we want, to prove to people that we should have been at the 8 or 7 spot (in the Eastern Conference playoffs). It's impossible this year but hopefully next year, that will happen."    -- Pistons reserve forward  Austin Daye  on his team's back-to-back home victories. HOT:  Wilcox had his highest-scoring game since March 9, 2008, when he scored 28 for Seattle against Toronto. He made 12 of 18 field goals and also grabbed a season-high 13 rebounds. Wilcox has reached double figures in nine of the last 13 games. NOT:  Hamilton shot just 2 of 10 from the field and made three turnovers, though he did aid Detroit's cause with his playmaking. He had a team-high six assists. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Jennings bounced back from a pair of single-digit performances at Miami and Orlando, carrying the Bucks' offense. He reached the 30-point mark for the fourth time this season. Milwaukee reached the 100-point mark for just the 19th time. INSIDE THE ARENA:  There was an unusual buzz in the building despite the matchup of lottery-bound teams. Pistons owner  Karen Davidson  and billionaire financier Tom Gores reached a definitive agreement for Gores to purchase the franchise and its assets, though it still must be approved by the league's Board of Governors. "I'm happy for Mrs. D," Pistons center  Ben Wallace  said. "They've been good to us over the years we've been here and I'm happy she was able to sell the team. We're excited about a new owner coming in who loves Detroit and loves Detroit basketball, just to try to change things around and get us back on track." ROOKIE WATCH:  Detroit's  Greg Monroe  only attempted three field goals but made 7 of 8 free throws while scoring 11 points. He also contributed eight rebounds and three assists. NOTABLE:  Bogut will be undergoing surgery on his right elbow in the near future to clean out scar tissue and loose bodies. ... Milwaukee forward  Ersan Ilyasova  scored 18 points after missing 21 games with a concussion. ... Detroit guard  Will Bynum  and center  Ben Wallace  were sidelined by right knee injuries. ... The Pistons collected their 28th victory to surpass last season's victory total. ... Detroit controlled the boards, 49-32. UP NEXT:  For the Bucks, Saturday vs. Cleveland, Monday vs. Toronto, Wednesday @ Oklahoma City. For the Pistons, Sunday @ Charlotte, Monday vs. Cleveland, Wednesday @ Philadelphia. 
