  Notebook: Hawks 101, Pacers 96 Posted Tuesday March 6, 2012 10:55PM By Conrad Brunner, for NBA.com THE FACTS:  As hot as  Josh Smith  was, it figured once he cooled off the Atlanta Hawks would be in trouble. The opposite turned out to be true. Smith scored a game-high 27 points but was scoreless in the final 16½ minutes as  Jannero Pargo  and  Zaza Pachulia  combined for 21 of the Hawks' final 32 points in a 101-96 victory over the Indiana Pacers Tuesday at Bankers Life Fieldhouse. Pargo finished with 16 points, including four 3-pointers off the Atlanta bench, while Pachulia had 12 points and 10 rebounds as the Hawks (23-15) won their third in a row to pull one-half game behind Indiana (23-14) in the Eastern Conference standings.  David West  scored a season-high 24 to lead the Pacers, who closed to 97-96 with 23 seconds left but  Danny Granger  missed a quick 3-pointer and the Hawks closed it out at the line. QUOTABLE:  "It's great when your teammates lift you up. That really helped in the third and fourth quarter. We've just been playing tremendously and not been worried about who has been in and out of the lineup. Guys really have been stepping up and playing outstanding. We have to keep sharing the basketball and keep playing as well on the defensive end."    -- Smith THE STAT:  Indiana has lost its last six games against teams with winning records: Atlanta (twice), Chicago, Miami, Denver and Memphis. The Pacers' last seven wins have come against teams with losing records. TURNING POINT:  After taking a 95-87 lead with 5:20 left, Atlanta made just one basket the rest of the way, a jumper by Pargo that made it 97-91 with 2:15 remaining. Granger's driving three-point play cut it to 97-96 but  Jerry Stackhouse  made two free throws to make it a three-point game with 22 seconds to go. Granger then tossed up a quick 3-pointer with 18 seconds left and the rebound wound up in the hands of  Marvin Williams , who was fouled and closed it out at the line. QUOTABLE II:  "I thought going down the stretch defensively we did a really good job. We had a little bit of a lead going down the stretch and defensively we were solid. Offensively the execution wasn't there. We missed a few shots in the stretch and the Pacers capitalized and got back in the game. ... I'm proud of our guys for weathering the storm. They didn't panic."    -- Atlanta coach  Larry Drew HOT:  Smith hit 12 of his first 15 shots, including a pair of 3-pointers, and also had nine rebounds to go with his 27 points. He was 0-of-4 in the fourth quarter. West shot 10 of 13 for Indiana and  George Hill  had 15 points off the bench. NOT:  Both teams' starting backcourts struggled, combining to shoot 9 of 33 overall, 2 of 7 from the 3-point line. Granger scored 19 points but shot 6 of 17. QUOTABLE III:  "They kept us off balance with good ball movement and we couldn't seem adjust to their schemes. We just weren't able to figure them out in time to stop them. They made a lot of second shots and you can't give those kinds of shots and win games. These are both contenders and teams that we could meet later. So we've got to improve on these, pack it up and move on to the next game."    -- West GOOD MOVE:  Though Smith carried his team most of the night, Drew let his reserves have extended run down the stretch as Pargo and  Tracy McGrady  both played almost all of the fourth quarter. The two played a key role in Atlanta's ability to hold off Indiana's late charge. BAD MOVE:  With the chance to either go for a quick two or run the clock down for a potential game-tying 3-pointer, Granger did neither. Down 99-96 with 22.6 seconds left, the Pacers called a timeout and got the ball inbounds to their leading scorer but he hoisted up a well-defended 3-pointer that missed with 18.7 seconds left. In the scramble for the rebounds,  Paul George  saved the ball inbounds but it wound up in the hands of Williams, who was fouled and made both to close out the scoring. NOTABLE:  Outrebounded 45-37 by the Hawks, the Pacers have been beaten 105-69 on the boards in their last two games and outscored 35-13 on second-chance points. ... Hill has averaged 14.0 points off the bench in the last three games. ... The Pacers will be without  Jeff Foster  up to two weeks after the veteran center underwent another procedure to relieve pain in his lower back. With the March 15 trade deadline approaching, they may be on the lookout for another big body to complement  Lou Amundson  as the backup center. ... The Hawks were without  Joe Johnson  (left knee tendinitis) and  Willie Green  (lower back spasms), both players missing their third straight games. UP NEXT:  For the Pacers, Saturday @ Miami, Sunday @ Orlando, Tuesday vs. New Jersey. For the Hawks, Wednesday @ Miami, Friday @ Detroit, Sunday @ Sacramento.  