  Thunder-Kings notebook   By Jimmy Spencer, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday April 12, 2011 1:31AM THE FACTS:   Kevin Durant  scored 32 points and  Russell Westbrook  scored 30 points as the Oklahoma City Thunder won its fifth consecutive game with a 120-112 road win against the Sacramento Kings on Monday night. Oklahoma City will end its regular season on Wednesday with a home game against Milwaukee before hosting a first-round playoff game. QUOTABLE:  "We were confident last year too. I just didn't know what to expect for the playoffs. Of course, it's physical, it's a little different, crowds are better. But the preparation was something I wasn't used to. But now I know. I should be ready, locked in and focused. ... There are a lot of mental aspects that go into it but we're all excited that we have an opportunity to play for a championship. It's a blessing and we can't take it for granted."   -- Durant on the upcoming playoffs. THE STAT:  Oklahoma City found better shots, outscoring Sacramento 50-32 in the paint and shooting 57.3 percent from the field on the night. TURNING POINT:  Sacramento led 57-51 at halftime but Oklahoma City used a 36-26 advantage in the third quarter to lead 87-83 prior to the final quarter. Oklahoma City never looked back and led the entire fourth quarter. HOT:  The Thunder has now five consecutive games as the team closes in on the playoffs. Since March, Oklahoma City has a record of 19-4. Though Thunder head coach  Scott Brooks  said prior to Monday night's game that he wasn't too concerned with playoff positioning, the Thunder now trail the Lakers by half a game for the No. 3 seed in the Western Conference. Oklahoma City has already clinched at least the No. 4 seed. NOT:  Sacramento's tempers were not cool. Three Kings players were given technical fouls for arguing with officials.  Donte Greene ,  Jason Thompson  and  DeMarcus Cousins  all received techs. INSIDE THE ARENA:  It was a crowded house at Power Balance Pavilion in Sacramento on Monday night, as the Kings played in their second to last home game -- maybe ever. The Kings are looking into a potential relocation to the city of Anaheim. The Kings will play their season finale -- and possible last game in Sacramento -- on Wednesday night against the rival Los Angeles Lakers. The crowd of 15,683 was enthused and vocal throughout the game, chanting "Here We Stay" loudly in the final seconds of the game. Signs in the crowd included: "Our Town, Our Team" and "We'll Fight For Our Team -- Here We Stay." QUOTABLE II:  "The fans are loyal and come to games even if we're not winning to support us. I think it's going to hurt a lot of people if we leave."   -- Evans talks postgame about the Kings' potential relocation ROOKIE WATCH:  No. 5 overall pick Cousins is wrapping up his rookie season with the Kings on a strong note. He scored a career-high 30 points and grabbed nine rebounds on Monday night. The rookie averaged 15.9 points and 9.8 rebounds in March and entered the game averaging 12.7 points and 9.8 rebounds in April. Cousins has all the potential of being a star big man in the league, though his behavior and body language still needs to improve. Cousins picked up a technical foul in the fourth quarter arguing after being called for a charge. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Kings guard  Tyreke Evans  did not play in Monday's game due to a sprained left ankle. He suffered the injury on Sunday night at Golden State in the first quarter but still played 36 minutes. Evans said after the game on Monday that he will play on Wednesday. NOTABLE:  Though Sacramento won't play past their finale on Wednesday, the Kings have played their best basketball of the season in recent weeks, winning seven of 11 games entering Monday night. Kings coach  Paul Westphal  said before the game: "These last two games mean a lot to our fans. I think that there is a lot of nostalgia around these last two games. ... There are a lot of unknown factors, that the future is murky. But at the same time, I think the fans and the players want to get everything we can out of these last two games." UP NEXT:  For the Thunder, Wednesday vs. Milwaukee. For the Kings, Wednesday vs. the Lakers.  