  Hawks-Spurs notebook   By Tim Price, for NBA.com Posted Friday December 10, 2010 11:45PM THE FACTS:   Richard Jefferson  scored half of his 18 points in the fourth quarter and  George Hill  scored half of his 16 points in the final 12 minutes as the San Antonio Spurs retain the best record in the NBA with a 108-92 victory over the Atlanta Hawks. For the third straight game, the Spurs (19-3) had at least six players score in double figures. They outscored Atlanta 37-23 in the fourth. The Hawks (15-9) had won seven of eight coming in to San Antonio. QUOTABLE:  "Even though we had shot a good percentage in the first half (57 percent) the turnovers hurt our offensive rhythm. Our goal is to get rotations, and  Tony  ( Parker ) did a great job of penetrating and finding the open man. Tony is finding me and we're all swinging the ball. That's from a year of playing together."    -- Spurs' Richard Jefferson. THE STAT:  The Spurs struggled offensively in the first half when they were outscored 18-2 in points off turnovers. In fact, 14 of Atlanta's first 27 points came off Spurs mistakes. But in the fourth, San Antonio won the turnover battle 7-3 and scored eight points off them. TURNING POINT:  When  Al Horford  gathered up  Jamal Crawford 's missed 3-pointer and converted the offensive rebound into a short jumper, the Hawks had cut the Spurs 10-point lead in half with 3 ½ minutes to go. But Hill came down the floor and hit a 3-pointer. After a  DeJuan Blair  steal, Jefferson knocked down a 3, and he added another one a minute later that put San Antonio up by 14 with just less than two minutes. QUOTABLE II:  "[Blair] is a guy who plays with a lot of energy, and if he didn't play with that activity, I would be surprised. That's what helps make him who he is."    -- Spurs coach  Gregg Popovich . HOT:  Jefferson hit 5-for-6 3-pointers, including all three in the fourth quarter. After an 0-of-3 effort behind the 3-point line on Nov. 30 at Golden State, Jefferson has gone 15-for-28 (54 percent) from long range. NOT:  Jamal Crawford came off the bench and scored 13 points in his first seven minutes (5-for-7 including a pair of 3-pointers. But he cool down after that. In the next 21 minutes he went 3-for-11 for 10 points. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  For the first time this year, Blair had a double-double for the second straight game. In 26 minutes he went 7-for-10 for 16 points and 12 rebounds and had four steals as the Spurs had the big fourth quarter with  Tim Duncan  sitting on the bench all 12 minutes. The past two games he's scored 31 points, 25 rebounds and seven steals. ROOKIE WATCH:   Gary Neal  scored four points and had a pair of assists and rebounds in 13 ½ minutes of playing time for the Spurs. He played almost five minutes in the decisive fourth quarter and hit 2-for-3 shots. NOTABLE:  This was the second straight team that came to AT&T Center without ever winning in the building. Golden State (111-94 losers to the Spurs on Wednesday) have lost 25-straight in San Antonio. Atlanta has lost 13 straight here and has not won since 1997. The last time those teams beat the Spurs in San Antonio came when the team played at the Alamodome. UP NEXT:  For the Hawks, Saturday vs. Indiana, Tuesday @ Detroit, Thursday @ Boston. For the Spurs, Sunday vs. Portland, Wednesday vs. Milwaukee, Thursday @ Denver.  