Notebook: Bobcats 96, Bucks 72 
 
 
 Rick Braun for NBA.com 
 
Posted Sun Nov 24, 2013 12:38 AM - Updated Sun Nov 24, 2013 12:38 AM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Charlotte Bobcats scored their second-most lopsided road victory ever with their 96-72 beating of the Milwaukee Bucks. 
 
 THE LEAD: Al Jefferson  scored 19 points in just 25 minutes as the Charlotte Bobcats completely dismantled the Milwaukee Bucks 96-72 Saturday night at the BMO Harris Bradley Center.  
 Not a single Bucks starter scored in double figures as Milwaukee (2-10) lost its eighth straight game. Guard  Gerald Henderson  added 17 points for Charlotte (7-7). 
 
 QUOTABLE : "We're making a big step in the right direction. It kind of [stunk] for these guys to have me out of the lineup dealing with this injury. Each time in my first game back we were a little rusty and trying to feel each other out. But it never fails in my second game back it's like 'click,' and that's what we did tonight better than last night." 
 -- Al Jefferson, on returning from injury and getting used to his new teammates 
 
 THE STAT:  The Bucks were held under 80 points for the third time in their last five games, and they've been under 83 points in four of the last five. 
 
 TURNING POINT : A 3-pointer by  Caron Butler  pulled the Bucks within 36-35 with 5:42 left in the second quarter. From that point, the Bucks missed their next six shots and 18 of their next 22, and the Bobcats built a 70-47 lead over the first nine minutes of the third quarter. 
 
 QUOTABLE II:  "Before I start answering any questions, let me just first say that I owe the fans a big, big apology for the performance of this team tonight. Very, very disappointed. A team that I really thought tonight, after last night's loss, that this team would play with energy and play with passion, and they did not do that. I told the guys after the game, there will be changes in our starting lineup. If they are not on the same page with it, so be it, but there will be changes." 
 -- Bucks coach  Larry Drew  
 
 
 HOT : Charlotte's  Josh McRoberts  made 5 of his 7 shots, including 2-for-4 on 3-pointers.  
 
 NOT:  The Milwaukee starting five of Butler,  Ersan Ilyasov, Zaza Pachulia, O.J. Mayo  and  Luke Ridnour  combined to go 8-for-28. 
 
 INSIDE THE ARENA:  The Duke women's basketball team was in the stands and cheered when Bucks forward  John Henson  entered the game. Henson's sister, Amber, is a member of the Duke team, which will play Marquette on Sunday.   
 
 GOOD MOVE:  With the game well in hand, Bobcats coach  Steve Clifford  kept Jefferson in for a little extra stretch of the fourth quarter just to get some conditioning and some playing time with teammates. Jefferson had missed nine of the Bobcats' first 13 games. 
 
 ROOKIE WATCH:  With the game out of hand, Bucks 18-year-old first-round pick  Giannis Antetokounmpo  played the entire fourth quarter and had six points, three rebounds and two steals. 
 
 QUOTABLE III:  "I don't think it's a leadership void. Not taking anything away from anybody in this locker room -- everybody's a professional and everybody's extremely talented -- but there aren't any  Tim Duncan's  or  Tony Parker's  in this locker room. You're talking about Hall of Fame players. We don't have that. We have to do it collectively as a group, and when you're doing it collectively as a group there are certain things you can't miss. You can't come into a game with no energy. It just doesn't work that way." 
 -- Bucks guard  Gary Neal , who played the previous three seasons with the San Antonio Spurs 
 
 NOTABLE:  The Bobcats snapped a 10-game losing streak in Milwaukee. Their last victory in Milwaukee had been April 14, 2007. ... The Bobcats' only bigger margin of victory for a road game was in a 112-83 victory at Memphis Dec. 19, 2008. ...  Khris Middleton  was the only Bucks player to have real success, scoring 20 points on 8-for-13 shooting. ... A night after scoring 38 points, Milwaukee's Butler was held to five points on 2-for-8 shooting. ... The last time the Bucks lost eight in a row in one season was the final eight games of the 2007-'08 season. ... Of Charlotte's first 35 points, 28 of came in the paint. 
 
 UP NEXT:  For the Bobcats, Monday vs. Boston, Wednesday vs. Indiana, Friday vs. Milwaukee. For the Bucks, Monday @ Detroit, Wednesday vs. Washington, Friday @ Charlotte. 
