  Celtics-Sixers notebook   By Andy Jasner, for NBA.com Posted Friday March 11, 2011 10:22PM THE FACTS:  Five Philadelphia 76ers scored in double figures in their hard-fought 89-86 victory over the depleted Boston Celtics on Friday. After a tough overtime loss to Oklahoma City two nights ago, the Sixers responded with a gutsy performance against the Atlantic Division-leading Celtics.  Elton Brand  and  Spencer Hawes  had 14 points each for the Sixers, who improved to 34-31. Jeff Green  scored 18 points while  Nenad Krstic  had 16 points and 15 rebounds for the Celtics.  Ray Allen  was held to a season-low five points. Boston dropped its second straight game, falling to a 46-17 record. QUOTABLE:  "Our guys were so tough at the end. Boston is a championship-caliber team."   -- Sixers coach  Doug Collins THE STAT:  The Sixers committed only eight turnovers, leading to four Celtics points. TURNING POINT:  The Celtics went cold in the final six and a half minutes, missing eight straight shots during one stretch. Philadelphia snapped an 81-all tie and pulled away for the victory. HOT:  Hawes hit six of his 10 shots, including 1-for-2 from 3-point territory. NOT:  Allen had a tough night for Boston, going 2-for-11 for just five points. Allen missed his first four shots and didn't score until the 11:32 mark of the fourth quarter. QUOTABLE II:  "It was a great bounce-back game for us. It was an intense game in which we stepped up and didn't let them shoot their threes. It was a great win for us."   -- Elton Brand on the victory FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  Once again, Iguodala was all over the court -- passing, rebounding and scoring. He nearly had another triple-double and finished with 13 points, nine rebounds and eight assists. INSIDE THE ARENA:  The buzz in the arena was evident during the pregame introductions. After all, this is Philadelphia versus Boston. With both teams playing well, that only adds to the rivalry. For the second consecutive home game, the Sixers had a large home crowd behind them. The fans surely have recognized how well the Sixers have been playing in recent weeks. Making this matchup even more fun was the fact that a large contingent of Celtics fans were in the sold-out crowd of 20,614. QUOTABLE III:  "It was just bad possessions by us. Everybody tried to do it by themselves."   -- Celtics coach  Doc Rivers  on the team's execution late in the fourth quarter GOOD MOVE:  Iguodala did a marvelous job defending  Paul Pierce , who scored 11 points but only managed seven shots in 35 minutes. BAD MOVE:  Not exactly sure why  Sasha Pavlovic  was guarding Iguodala with the game on the line. Iguodala drove past him and tossed in a tough layup high off the backboard for an 89-84 lead with 12.5 seconds left. ROOKIE WATCH:   Evan Turner , the Sixers' No. 2 overall pick from Ohio State, had four points and four rebounds in 14 minutes. Boston guard  Avery Bradley  was scoreless in a brief two-minute appearance in the first half. NOTABLE:  Dating back to a one-point win over the Milwaukee Bucks on Jan. 14, the Sixers are 5-3 in games decided by four or fewer points after starting the season 0-7. UP NEXT:  For the Celtics, Sunday vs. Milwaukee, Monday @ New Jersey, Wednesday vs. Indiana. For the Sixers, Saturday @ Milwaukee, Monday @ Utah, Wednesday @ L.A. Clippers.  