Notebook: Grizzlies 106, Clippers 102 
 
 
 Dan Arritt for NBA.com 
 
Posted Tue Nov 19, 2013 2:26 AM - Updated Tue Nov 19, 2013 2:56 PM 
 
 THE FACT:  The Grizzlies evened their all-time regular season series with the Clippers at 35 wins apiece, marking the even point in a series full of epic battles. 
 
 THE LEAD:  Memphis has come to expect upper-level performances from their starting frontcourt of  Zach Randolph  and  Marc Gasol . When they receive the type of contributions they did Monday from back-up center  Kosta Koufos , they're especially tough to beat. Koufos had 10 points, nine rebounds, four blocked shots and two steals in 18 minutes, helping Memphis to a 106-102 victory against the Los Angeles Clippers at Staples Center. 
 
 THE STAT:  Nearly lost in the Memphis (6-5) victory was the 11th straight double-double to start the season for Clippers (7-4) point guard  Chris Paul , and nearly his 12th career triple-double. Paul finished with 18 points, 11 assists and nine rebounds, matching  Magic Johnson  for the most double-doubles in points and assists to start a season. 
 
 QUOTABLE : "I think they owned the game, really. I thought they controlled the pace; they controlled the way the game was going to be played. I thought we fell into their game again."   
 --Clippers coach  Doc Rivers 
 
 
 TURNING POINT:  Clippers back-up forward  Matt Barnes  was fouled on a 3-pointer and made the free throws to cut the deficit back to 93-91 with 4:41 left, but Memphis point guard  Mike Conley  showed no hesitation on the other end of the floor when he sank a 17-footer.  Blake Griffin  missed a tough shot from in close and then failed to box out Randolph on the other end, leading to an offensive rebound and a made free throw for Conley. Paul then missed a 3-pointer, Gasol cleaned up the rebound, was fouled on a four-footer on the other end and completed the three-point play for an eight-point lead with 2:27 left. That hole proved too deep for L.A.   
 
 HOT:  Before the back-breaking shots from Conley and Gasol down the stretch, Koufos owned the first six minutes of the fourth quarter, scoring four points, grabbing five rebounds and producing a block and a steal. Randolph finished with 26 points and 15 rebounds for his third straight 20-10 game. Gasol also nearly accomplished a triple-double, finishing with 23 points, nine rebounds and a team-high eight assists. Griffin continued his string of solid performances for the Clippers, posting 23 points and 11 rebounds.  Jared Dudley  was the only other player for L.A. to make more than half his shots, shooting 3-for-4 with six points. 
 
 NOT:  The Clippers shot a season-low 39.5 percent from the floor and several players contributed to that low-water mark.  J.J. Redick  had his worst-shooting game this season, shooting 3-for-13. Paul wasn't much better at 5-for-14 and the third primary guard for the Clippers,  Jamal Crawford , was 3-for-11. All told, the main backcourt players for the Clippers were 11-for-38. For all his contributions Monday night, Gasol still struggled with his accuracy, finishing 8-for-22 from the floor. 
 
 GOOD MOVE : The Grizzlies struggled the first two weeks under new coach  David Joerger , but seem to have found their stride away from Memphis, winning their first three games on the current four-game, six-day trip that concludes Wednesday at Golden State. The Grizzlies posted a franchise-record 24 wins on the road last season, so this latest success is nothing unusual. 
 
 QUOTABLE II : "They have two solid bigs who are great post players. They're very confident against us, but we can combat that, and we have to."  
 --Clippers coach Doc Rivers 
 
 BAD MOVE : Grizzlies starting guard  Tony Allen  said he didn't mean to kick Paul in the face, but he did, and he got ejected for it after a video review. Paul was getting ready to penetrate into the key when Allen, guarding another defender to Paul's left, stepped toward the lane. Allen appeared to anticipate Paul was about to attempt a bounce pass, so he raised his left leg in a kicking motion. Well, Paul didn't pass the ball. Instead, he kept moving forward, right into the left foot of Allen. The Grizzlies led by 10 points at the time of the incident, but the lead was quickly trimmed to six on two free throws by Paul and his jumper on the ensuing possession. 
 
 NOTABLE : The Clippers recorded their 100th consecutive sellout Monday night. ... Seven of 10 players who started Monday's game also started Game 1 of 2012 playoff series between Memphis and the Clippers. 
 
 UP NEXT : For the Clippers, Wednesday @ Minnesota, Thursday @ Oklahoma City, Saturday vs. Sacramento. For the Grizzlies, Wednesday @ Golden State, Friday vs. San Antonio, Monday vs. Houston.  
