  Heat-Pacers notebook   By John Oehser, for NBA.com Posted Tuesday February 15, 2011 10:58PM THE FACTS:   Dwyane Wade  scored 41 points and, despite a scrappy effort from the Indiana Pacers, the Miami Heat pulled away for a 110-103 victory at Conseco Fieldhouse Tuesday. Wade added 12 rebounds and  LeBron James  had 27 points for Miami, which squandered a 24-point first-quarter lead before rallying from a five-point second-half deficit for their ninth victory in the last 10 games. Roy Hibbert  had 18 points to lead the Pacers, who cut a 41-19 deficit after the first quarter to a four-point deficit at halftime. The Pacers then took a 73-68 second-half lead before Miami rallied. Chris Bosh  added 22 points and eight rebounds for Miami, which scored 19 of the game's final 31 points to secure the victory. QUOTABLE:  "Our competitive will is . . . unusual. We're very good going down the stretch in winning time. That said, we need to push for a championship-level consistency."    -- Heat coach  Erik Spoelstra THE STAT:  The Pacers' bench outscored the Heat's reserves 53-14, with  Erick Dampier  (nine points) and  Eddie House  (five) the only Heat reserves to score. Wade, James and Bosh combined for 90 of the Heat's 110 points, or 81.8 percent. TURNING POINT:  After the Pacers' remarkable second-quarter rally, Indiana finally pulled even at 64-64. The game was still tied 91-91 with 6:31 remaining, but a dunk by James gave Miami a two-point lead and the Heat never trailed again. James scored 10 points in the game's final six minutes while the Heat pulled steadily away. QUOTABLE II:  "When you have a team that has three All-Stars -- Bosh, Wade and James -- that make tough shots, tough plays and just know their way around the floor, you're going to have a hard time beating them. In most cases, you won't beat them. We're heading in the right direction."    -- Roy Hibbert HOT:  It's hard to be hotter than Wade and the Heat were early. They not only led by 22 after the first quarter, they shot 70.8 percent from the field -- 17 of 24 -- and Wade had shot 9-for-13 for 22 first-quarter points. Wade scored 16 points in the first six minutes. NOT:  Point guard  Darren Collison  provided energy and was a positive force for Indiana during the second- and third-quarter pushes. He also had five assists, but finished 1-for-11 from the field with three turnovers. FANTASY SPOTLIGHT:  James and Wade made the spectacular routine on Wednesday, but Bosh had a solid game, too. He shot 8-for-16 from the field, 5-for-5 from the free-throw line and also had eight rebounds. He also had a big-time length-of-the-floor drive in the fourth quarter, converting a layup and a free throw after he was fouled. QUOTABLE III:  "Once we figure it out, we'll be fine. Seems like there is one quarter every game where the other team takes us out of what we're trying to do. Sunday in Boston, it was the third quarter. Tonight, it was the second quarter. What we did in the fourth quarter is what we do. We just need to be more consistent.''    -- LeBron James GOOD MOVE:  The Pacers continue to stay with  Josh McRoberts  and  Tyler Hansbrough  getting the majority of the minutes at the power forward position and it continues to be a productive combination. McRoberts scored six points and had five rebounds, but his energy and movement on the court outweighed his statistics. Hansbrough, meanwhile, continued to flourish under interim coach  Frank Vogel , scoring 16 points and finishing with five rebounds. ROOKIE WATCH:  Pacers rookie  Paul George  isn't yet consistent throughout an entire game most nights, but he continues to show potential to be a core player moving forward. He has the ability to score in traffic and he is consistent from 3-point range. On Tuesday, he finished with 14 points and five rebounds and was able to keep pace early when the Heat were establishing the fast-paced tempo. NOTABLE:  Heat forward  Mike Miller  left in the third quarter with a contusion above his right eye. . . . The Pacers have lost just twice in nine games under Vogel, with both losses coming to the Heat. . . . Wade's 31 points in the first half set a franchise record. . . . Wade's 22 points in the first quarter also were the most he has scored in a quarter this season and the fourth-highest scoring total of his career. UP NEXT:  For the Heat, Wednesday @ Toronto, Tuesday vs. Sacramento, Thursday @ Chicago. For the Pacers, Wednesday @ Detroit, Tuesday @ Washington, Wednesday vs. Detroit.  