  Notebook: Bulls 107, Bucks 100   By Kent McDill, for NBA.com Posted Friday January 27, 2012 11:26PM THE FACTS:  Chicago guard  Derrick Rose , in his most assertive performance since missing five games with a left toe sprain, outplayed challenger  Brandon Jennings  of the Milwaukee Bucks on the way to 107-100 Bulls victory at the United Center Friday. Rose had a season-high 34 points, while  Carlos Boozer  (20 points, 13 rebounds) and  Joakim Noah  (15 points and 16 rebounds) each contributed double-doubles. Jennings had 25 points for the Bucks, who also got 23 points and 15 rebounds from center  Drew Gooden , starting in place of injured center  Andrew Bogut . THE FACTS II:  The Bulls led by as much as 13 points in the third quarter and 14 points with eight minutes left in the fourth quarter but Milwaukee coach  Scott Skiles  would not let his team quit, and the Bucks cut the lead to five points in the final minute before the Bulls closed it out. QUOTABLE:  "It's been crazy, but we still have to go out and play these games."   --  Derrick Rose on the Bulls' long list of recent injuries ( Taj Gibson, Rip Hamilton , Rose,  Luol Deng  and  John Lucas III ). THE STAT:  The Bulls got 47 points from the point guard position as  C.J. Watson  contributed 13 points as Rose's backup. Between them they made 19 of 35 shots. THE STAT II:  Jennings and Gooden had four turnovers each as part of the Bucks' 15-turnover game that led to 23 points for the Bulls. TURNING POINT:  The first half had 11 lead changes, but the Bulls scored the first seven points of the third quarter as part of a 16-4 run that pushed the Bulls' lead to 67-54. INJURY UPDATE:  Deng is reportedly progressing despite having a torn ligament in his left wrist. After saying he wanted to play Sunday at Miami, he backed off that a bit in an interview Friday, saying he might still be a week away. Bulls guard Hamilton did not play because of a thigh bruise. Gibson made his return after missing three games with an ankle sprain. The Bucks played their first of many games without center Bogut, who suffered a fractured ankle Wednesday and will be out eight to 12 weeks. HOT:  Rose, whose 44.9 percent field goal percentage this season is near his career low, was 14 for 24 from the field Friday. NOT:  Milwaukee's starting forwards,  Carlos Delfino  and  Luc Mbah a Moute , combined to provide only four points and 1 rebound in 25 minutes. Delfino went zero for four from the field while Moute was two for five. ROOKIE WATCH: Jon Leuer , a local hero in Milwaukee from his playing days at the University of Wisconsin, had a career high with 19 points on nine-for-11 shooting and five rebounds in 20 minutes of playing time. QUOTABLE II:  "With a guy like that, you have to keep the ball out of his hands. But that is really tough to do because he moves so well without the ball."   --  Milwaukee guard Jennings, talking about Derrick Rose of the Bulls. INSIDE THE ARENA:  The loudest chorus of boos Friday went to former Chicago White Sox manager  Ozzie Guillen , who was at the game while in town to participate in SoxFest, a White Sox fan convention. Guillen, who managed the White Sox when they won the World Series in 2005, burned a lot of bridges in Chicago when he left the White Sox this fall to manage the Miami Marlins next season. GOOD MOVE:  Bulls coach  Tom Thibodeau  reportedly planned to start rookie  Jimmy Butler  in place of injured guard Richard Hamilton, but instead went with veteran Kyle Korver. Korver did not shoot well, but scored nine points with three rebounds and only one turnover in 36 minutes. NOTABLE:  With Korver starting for Hamilton Friday, the Bulls have had 10 different players start for them in the first 21 games. NOTABLE II:  The Bucks had won three straight road games prior to losing Friday, including victories against above .500 clubs Miami and Houston. UP NEXT:  For the Bulls, @ Heat Sunday, @ Wizards Monday, @ 76ers Wednesday. For the Bucks, vs. Lakers Saturday, vs. Pistons Monday, vs. Heat Wednesday.  